JOHN WESLEY. (To the Editor.) Sir,—I have bo dears to enter Into a newspaper controversy, but having read inthe Rev. J. Pike's letter on 'Ritual ism' a. statement respecting John Wes ley's standingas a Ritualist, which I felt needed .qualifying, (otherwise it would be misleading), I penned a few explanatory lines. In his letter, Mr. Pike quoted from the Methodist Iaw Book, a rule which he thought cramped men's mental and spiritual energies, (this rule was framed- by a ATiniater whom he claims as a high churchman,) he then went on to say that he thanked God that hei belong ed to a churteh that was. wide enough to take in everybody, *to hold every man. woman and child who believes in the Lord Jesus Christ.' That statement, which was a set" off against the narrow view, led, me to ask this .question: ' Why did the- Church of England close her doors against Wesley V To this Mr Pike -replies : The Church never closed her doors against Wesley.' The Curate at 3£pTjorth, who with the monstrous tyran Tiy of a^littie-minded. man,refused to ad mit'Wesley to the Holy Communion was . not the Church of England. ? .v. The Epworth curate'6 action* has been" eon denmedon all hands, and most strongly by the High Church Party.' -It geems to t mo . that before this^party vented its spleen on thi§ little-minded curate, «its ■ members ought jbo have just read Wesley on the Eiibject. " The following state jnenttafceii from ilic 3rd vol. of Wesley's «ermon,page 475, preached on April 21st, ;*M77: {seven years visiter than air. Pike quotes him saying vital me redde priori— let ihe 3>e again an Oxford Methodist) ; preached on laying the foundation, of the first Methodist chapel, whieh fe still ill existence, CSliy Eoad Chapel. He sajrs epeaking of his Georgia espaiaic^ ^My brother and I were as vehemeStiy attach ed to the Church as ever, and to every rubric of it; insomuch that I would never admit a Dissenter to the Lord's Supper, unless he -would be re-baptized. : . Full of these sentiments of this zeal for the Church, (from which I bless God he has now delivered me,} I returned to Eng land in 1738. I was now in haste to re tire to Oxford and bury myself in my be loved obscurity, butt was detained in Lon don, week after week, by the trustees of the colony of Georgia. In the meantime, I was continually importuned to preach in one and another Church ; and that not only morning, afternoon, and night, on Sunday, but on week days also. As I was lately come from a far country, vast multitudes flocked together ; but in a Shoritime, partly because of those un wieldy crowdSj .partly because of my un fashionable doctrine, I was excluded from one and another church, find, at length, shut out of all! Hot daring Jo be silent, after a short struggle between lienor and Conscience I made a virtue of acejggiy, and preached in the middle (open MoorfieMs. Here were thousands upon thousands more than any church could contain.' I close the correspondence bo far as £ am concerned, feeling that the 'unfashionable doctrine,' and 'shut ont of all the Churches,' prove the position taken up in my last letter. Youis, etc., W. DINNING. (To tiie Editor.) Sir,—If llr Smith, -will read my first remarks on this controversy over again, lie will see that I offered Mm no insult I have carefully distinguished between the man and his statements. Hie statements ha made in the Methodist Church are false; but that has nothing to do with Mr Smith's sincerity iu making them. The same remark applies to all my con tradictions of any statement of his. The severest tiling I have said about him is that his enmity of the Church has led him to make statements I am able to show are false, but I doubt not he is aa sincere in his enmity as he is in his state ments. But If any one will gather the flowers of rhetoric from Mr Smith's con troversial garden he will find some fine specimens of insult, Traitors/ 'Apostolic successor of Judas Iscariot,' 'unblushing affrontery/ falsify their solemn Ordin ation Oaths; ijross misrepresentation.' 'crass ignore! -^r something worse/ *hy brid mongrel vang/ 'useless mummeries/ 'moral dishonesty/ 'arrogant pride'; tl\esa are from the pen which deprecated abusive language, and from the man who read us a little homily on the text, "abase is not aiguinent/' and resolved to "avoid falling into the bad example" -he imagines I sefc, him.Mr Smith pays $ne^a. good dealx^r attention in to-day's letter, anji I must courteously respond. . Hie sav3 Lhawg con^a^cl^ mys^in^rae finances. ^ my first' contTlhution to^this controversy I denied 'all his etaj^pwis , categorically. I^afterwards accepted atgble ofiiguras "he produced, J»nt r proved'Ti^pi iliat table thatMr^Smith's original Itaterncrit untrue,,! * that a self-contradiction ? In another "letter T spoke of hfs. facts as being unsupported by evidence, and fdso said I had been familiar with those Tacts for some time. There are facts which sure .false, as well as facts which are true. Mr Smith's belong to the first class. . I have been familiar with those false facts. and with the true foets for «ane time, Is^there any contradiction in that! if there Is it is a mere literal^quibble, not worthy of raising; buithc ISnglisIi language allows this Avord ^faet? to btf used in the two senses. lien, he says I contradicted myself byfiret saying there & tko W establishing tho Chureh, and then that the law® will not allow th« Bishop to do much. Well,.the» isno 'law5 establishing the Church. " If Mr. Smith thinks there, is lethim gire the date and title of the Act.' Butfther® is a law* lettering the Church in her endeavors todealwlth iseealcitiants/and Nonconformity Is "largely responsible foar that But the 'law8 which fettera is not the law* which establishes. Gan any body see where my eelf^ontradietiofl comes in t Mr Smith goes on to threo adraissiofls' he wants the public to ftfny I have made. I wish to preface what I am going to say by stating that I liav* no intention-nor any desire, to withdraw anything I have said about my own position as an Anglican, clergyman. Mr Smith quotes me as saying that "the «wlw body of the English clergy to which I belong,^ will have none of a Protestantism which is puritanical,w (at least he should have quoted ft that way, but we will let that pass.) How comes his fallacy. He makes out that Puritanism and Evang elical Protestantism are one and the same, and that the Coronation oaths, "Protes tant Reformed Religion," is also equivs* lent to Puritanical Protestanism. ThaJi is to say, the term Puritan and the tens Evangelical mean precisely the F.ime./ X deny that. Every Puritan may beau Evangelical (though I can. quote many cases to the contrary), but the point at issue is whether or not every fevargelical is a Puritan. - Let us see. The ^Protest* ant Reformed Religion"' of the Coronation Oath is thai religion maintained and ex pounded by the Prayer Book; if it is not that the Oath is meaningless. Well, now every .school boy knows that the Prayer Book was to the Puritans the very dead liest heresy ; they fought againstr it, they put! men to death for upholding it, when they got the upper hand they abolished it, and when it was restored, they * forsook their livings rather than use it. That fe the historical attitude of the Puritans to the Protestant Reformed Religion off the English Prayer Bock. Ail English l^lergyman. has to choose whether he will flie Protestant and. Evangelical English Prayer Book, or the^ Puritamea^_ JProfcestantism of Mr Smith and spent their lives in trying to destroy'the Church; jikst as on the. ether side he has to choose whether he will uphold the Catholic Faith as contained in the Prayer Book, or the Catholic Faith as held and taught by the Roman Church, which aim in days gone by (and also to-day) en deavored its utmost: to destroy the Church. I, and X believe the overwhelming major ity of the English clergy, stand by the Prayer Book as we are sworn in our ordination to do it. It sets forth the Protestant Reformed Religion of England and the English, Catholic and Evangelical, but neither Romish nor Puritanical. - I think that statement covers all the ground of the first two "admissions" -Mr Smith, puts into my letters, j I have already said that X am no advocate for extreme Ritual^ X have never introduced it into my parishes, and «n fact I have somewhat lowered tlie ritual I found when I came to Charters Towers. . T|ie hundreds of people who have heard me preach for the last two years will smile at Mr Smiiirs simplicity in trying to convict me of deserting the Evangelical faith, and the candidates I have prepared for confirma tion, many of than adults", know how I have labored to set that faith before them. Mr Smith's catalogue of the things he expects to hear" I have adopted is very funny. The only one we 'have here bt ths processional cross, which I found when I came. The cross is the banner of the Church; Militant, . and to the ► us^ of it, the follq^jpg from the Rev. '* Dr. Charles .^Briggs,. the mpst._ eminent American PfS&yteriaji;, Snav' show Mr. ^^ut'i^what J^silfe Prcti^ants think of it:> Aftgc. quotjjptq the Fate Prof. Miliigan j {also'^Jfem^i^iiPresbyteriaii), wh^says: •'The ongte cross is -to be prclferr^i (to^ as *>e1ng ^^synSfel, not a represent^fion, ^ symbolizing, moreover.* . the Resurrection as wijll as*the si eath of ' "the Redeemer?^ Dr. JEtnggs gcos'm 'jrnust ejeprssi^fty entire agi-ee^fnt.^(wjth: this emineiijj, representative ofjthc|DrjffiBy-? „terian communion) as I hjg. reswit' oF my - study of tho Clirisfc of the>Goipelf and the Christ of the Apostles. The cross stained with the blood drops, 6f our H<fly Redeemer is the most saer£d ejmbol of ear holy religion. Let it crown all our Churches 1 Let it lead all our proces sions S Let it be worn on the hearts of ell Christian peopl^ l" ("The Messiah of the Gospela," by Dr. Charles Briggs, of New York, edition 1834, pages X. XL), Itusl j6tax Dr. Briggs and Dr. Shields (nnnthw Agiiiimfc Presbyterian divine) were ordained into the Orders of the American branch of the Anglican Church. The third , of the 'admissions' becomes *a cftaim." Well, I hare pegged it out, and I have plenty of evidence of itsvalidity. Mr Smith wants me to do what he has done -several times himself, viz.," 'Shift the ground of this discussion.' He began it in the Methodist Church, and your Issue of July) 21st. -jontains his statement of original position. I started out to prove bis statements on ihatujjecaaon false, and I have done so. He now wants ine to prove that the Catholic and Evang lical teaching of the Protestant Reformed Church of England is the faith onee for idl d«4ivered unto the saints. 1 am pre pared to do that, and it is a part of my mission to Chartera Towers to do it. Biit the columns of & newspaper ate not the place forit. In the pulpit of my parish Churehl aiii bound to state the doctrinal truths of the Church, and I have done so fearlessly. I have been beard, and shall bb heard again, and if Mr Smith wants to hear what I have to say the Church doorS arc opin to all comers. But I want, to gay nfew words here on that part of hislast letter in which he deals with the 'Teaching of the Ritualists." -He has given in 20 quotations.. 18 of which I have traced up. Three of them are fromthe Union Review,5 the most recent being 23 years old. The Union Review' haa long "since ceased publication for want of support, eo that whatever it taught obtained - no great favor in the Church of England. Two others are from the 'Church Review,' and are dated 1362 and "T.8^4. Since those dates the paper has passed into other hands, and is conducted on more moderate lines., the reason for the change being that its. extreme teachings found no favor. One Is a layman's utterance, and lias there fore no bearing on the question of the character of the English clergy. Another Is from the. ilev. J. J. Lyle, commonly known as Father Ignatius. This man has been refused a license to officiated In every diocese in England, hjjgc^'Sor authority from the Church t£s*S?aMi any thing, has recently eeparatctJhimself from SitfrCBu^KS^'^^Sng' orders from a foreign prelate, and is now holding ser vices in his own hired rooms in London. As far as the Church can she has repud iated him. Two are from boohs by the Rev. A. J. Suckling, who is one of the few clergy Sin England who have been proved guilty of going too far ; but Mr Suckling has. submitted to the ruling of the Bishop of London within the past few Tr»YHfhfl_ I think it -only fair here to say that, although I do not agree by any mains with Mr Suckling's doings. I have every reason to respect him for the holiness and devotion of his life. And , In justification of my opinion I will quote from .two sources. Archbishop Tait (who \- been referred to by Mr Smith) ssid of him : "I should- think no one would wish to persecute _sa good a man as Mr Suckling. Speaking of his teaching, Mr G. W. E. Russell, who describes himself aa a thorough Evangelical, born and bred, said recently: '"*Tf ever in my life I have heard the (doctrines of sin, repentance, free grace, and pardon through the blood of Christ, set forth with unflinching plain ness, it has been from the pulpit of St. Albans,''" (of which Mr Suckling is in cumbent.) One is from the parish mag azine of St.. Andrew's, Worthing, and is strictly in accordance with the Vlth. Article. rThe quotation from Mr Baring Gould on tha Bible is, to my mind, amply common sense. V A large propoition of th? infidelity, pracfical and iheoretiral, of pur time,- is .due to the ignorance of people • who reaa the Bihjawithbufc a competent guides Therot^er' ^uot^on frorarvth^ same writer is' in. strie&ai;^rdsnee with what hav^fhpWyi^P ^petrin^ of. some cf tl;e ?tatinchest Protestants wTwfe evcr livedo and it scrye^p^ri^tkt th^ Endfehjien ^jjvho foolishly use me word * V^pse it.( as ^pfcging the p Roman meaning. "For* th(®jRou»&n; Ma;s rep^titiga^ adifferent sacri <jpalklip;tw frchnlBhat of^alvaiy. ^5pVfcg Gmdd her£ Wo^of l^ue, thafc>the Efifliaiistic Sacn tha^tof-- jQalwy. T^e^u^aUcms SErom Mr Rhodes BiiiroWfe and^Mr\Hill*on .the TJibleare dissevered from, ail'-their context, but I ean under \- gtand theia in ii seme, which leavets them strictly true to any reasonable mind; and of Mr Rhodes Bristowe, I may say that he has made many a eland agaipglruui errors of Rome. The aJiei^tlon of Mr Smith from the Bey-,-1. J. Micklethwaitc about ^thewjefcedness of a minister mot hinderimjy'tfie virtue of «l Sacrsm(|it3 is Micklethwaite is bound ^fms ordination vows to teach, as witness the XXVT. Article as fellows:—■ Although in the visible Church the evil be ever mingled with the good, and some times Hie evil have chief authority in the Ministration of the Word and Sacraments, yet forasmuch as they do not the same in their own name, but in Christ's, and do minister by his commission and author ity, we may use their Ministay, both in hearing the Word of God, and in receiving of the Sacraments. Neither is the effect of Christ's ordinance taken away by th^ir Wickedness, nor the grace of God's gifts diminished from . such as by faith and rightly do receive the Sacuaments min istered unto them; which be effectual, because of Christ's institution and prom ise, although they be ministered by evil men. Nevertheless, it apperlaineth to the discipline of the Church, that inquiry be made of evil Ministers, and that they be accused by those that have knowledge of their offences; and finally being found, guilty, by just judgment be deposed. Boss Mr Smith believe that man's wick edness is stronger than God's grace in H's own appointed means of grace. Even if I had granted that Air Smith's view of his quotations is correct, he siQl fa^la tc prove his original point, and as I have explained them candidly and openly bis proofs melt into thin air. I am afraid Mr Smith has neglected for many years the old maxim: "Hear the other side." He has evidently saturated his mind with literat-ire all baaring in one direction, w ithout acquainting himself at first hand with what is to be said against bis o?.n view, and for the view he opposes. In nil honesty and without prejudice I recom .mnnd him to -nake an impartial and un * biassed enquiry into the Anglican Church's Icachirtg and credentials. I shall behappy -to. supply him withfthe necessary books, *and %) giv^ him every ^possible assistanc e feand ajso any -ftn^^se trho will -undciiike "the study. I promise him that he . will go from the task wiser, a happier, a t more CaJSMJiio-iiiinded roan, even if edpp not eeet his way to further action. jTh? matter is vastly urportafi—import ant enough Mr Smith ^thinks ^justify him in making responsible statements in public -and appealing most dramatically for support. It is more important, by far, than that, for his. present position is one violently opposed to that intended by the great and good man who founded MctJjodtfanT Preaching *"oa- J;he mailer of the proper authority of GhnstiauMin 'islcrs, John Wesley said that his prc&<4ic era were to contain themselves within the" bounds of, and be content with preaching, the Gospel. In his valedictory address to his people, published in the 'Arminian Magazine7 in 1790, within a ferw months of his death, are these words: "I never had any design of separating from the Church; I have no such design now; I do not believe the Methodists in general design it. I do, and will do, all in my power to prevent _such an event. I de clare, once more, that 1 live and die a member of the Church of England, and that none who regard my judgment will ever separate from, it.1' The Methodists in England are' feeling the force of the revival of spiritual life in the English Church. Not long ago a large prize was offered for the best book on the "Leakage in Methodism,' and from many sent in three were selected for publication. They are all by well known Wesleyan ministers, and they testify unitedly that their 'young people are leafing them and goijig into the Church. According to. the ^British Weekly." (June 1) a Nonconformist journal, "Yet another is to be added to the list of resignations of Wesleyan min isters during the current Connerional year. Tha Rev. F. G. E. Betenson, of Morley, near Leeds, has severed his con nection with the Wesleyan Conference. This makes the fifth case. Q-snge of opinion on theological matters is given as the reason of the severance. Mr Bgten son entered die Wesleyan ministry in 1892\. The Rev. Caesar Oainc, for some years a well-known Nonconformist min ister in th-3 North, was ordained deacon by the Bishop of Newcastle on Trinity Sunday." Mr Smith lias misunderstood the Oxford movement. Dr. Dale, the endnent Congregationalist, said of it: The, blessing of <Jod was in it, though we did not see it, and in a way they did not understand;' in the lives and in the de votion of these men a new. endowment of the Holy Spirit eame into the life of England** "I have done now %ith my first, and I hope my last, religious con troversy in th6 Press. My letters have beeni long, and I havetcthankyori for your coiritegr iri%iying me the opportun ity of statiug iiieChurch of KViglaind's .position." I Ixave nofc given" referenceSin.. mil references wouldhave nisade the ^let Charters Towers public. would ,trust me ~ to be fair and just, anid xiartly <beca$0ie f^ll references would have made iJie^tet- < ters intolerably heavy and loxigT" \ if any reader would like to venfy^ray statements of fact, I shall gladly, put him in possession .'of my sources of information if he will call to sae me.—Your?, etc.,. JOSEPH I3KE. 9P.S.—There were two peodips in my second letter on Tuesday; the first dating Bishop Andre nres 400 instead of 300 ymx* back; and the second being an 'as" in plaoa of W In giving Sandals opinion ci Walsh's book. Mr Smith fudos for my authority in ro Br. Horton. It is the "Church Time*," which thoroughly thrash ed the matter out. Mr Smith am bob the papers at my house.—J.P. ^To the Editor.) Sir,—The Ifcst two letters of th« Rev. Joseph Piko contain many things too ridic ulous for refutation. In tlupB letters to gives away his whole ease, and plays right into my hands, but I will deal as mercifully with him ss my aignmwtt will permit. He allows that nearly ms half of the total number of English churches hare adopted more or less <2 Romish Rit ual—the very thing foy which X hare been contending all along. And having ad mitted this, be must logically allow that ilia things symbolized in that Ritual^ are also qjeeepted and practiced in Ritualistic churehcfi- For is not Bomish Ritual act ed doctrine f Is it not a fuels for in stance^ that wearing a certain class of 'Vestments' carries with it belief in cer tain dogmas and the following out of cer tain practices ? Altars, altar lights, in cense gVestmeaita, confessions, eucharistio sacrifice, etc., are inseparably connected with certain doctrinal. beliefs. __ These things are but the oufcvard accessions .of thn.t. far- reaching doctrinal system known in history as Pries tism» People may bo easily deceived here. The question is sometimes asked: If people like these things.what harm is there in using them ? The danger to Protestantism lies not so much in the Ritual as in what lies be hind it. Priestism is entrenched behind the Ritual. Romish Ritual is a carefully built np system. It is symbolical wor ship. It is not easy to separate its Ritnal from its doctrine—indeed they stand or fail together. Hence the Ritualists of "the Iftiglish Church having accepted the Ritual of the Roman Chureh ate trying to shape their teaching above the Knes of the Council of Trent. Mr Pike allows that thousands of English Clergy teach a doctrine of the Real Presence that comes perilously near to Transubtantiation; he also allows that they believe in purgatory, prayers for the dead, etc. He even goes further than this ; he actually attempts a defence of these things, thus showing that he liimsrif is a Long way on the road to Rome. He assures us, out of the over flowing fullness of .his knowledge, that the highly Romanizing Society of the Confrat ernity of the Blessed Sacrament, is main ly a devotional society, and points us to the sermon on the Mount as the authority for their practices. While Christ bids bis followers to enter their closets and pray* does He anywhere, or does the'Bible any where encourage, in the least degree, pray ers for the dead and masses for getting souls out of Purgatory ? ^ Now, pray<a*s for the dead, etc., are ambngstithe very things the C»B.S. Exists to encourage and cany .out. It circulates, in a most secret way, a little monthly intercession paper, containing jthe names of persons to be prayed out of Purgatory. Canon Car ter, in one of his presidential addresses, said to its members : *Let me add -that it is a matter of 'importance nob to leave about the intercession papers to be mis used by ill-disposed persons, and that they should be destroyed when no longer in use. We are taught to be 'wise as ser pents.9 They evidently dread lest the im fcrrcrsaon papers 'should fall into - the hands of loyal Protestant Church people. The Confraternity of the Blessed Sacra ment gors in for the restoration of the 'Reserved Sacrament/ that is for putting a portion of the Sacrament in a box called the Tabernacle.' to be kept, on or nea£ the altar for veneration or worehip ; It also goes in for an extreme tmfctian and the cnufessionaL And this is the Society .whose secret devotions and practices Mr Pikes f£>eks to justify by an appeal to our Blessed Iiord's sermon on the Mount.' I havoread in a certain book these words: 'Who Wrest the scriptures to theii* own ^firu^on?' I have before me a print list M the members of the Confratem ify--of" the Blessed Sacrament for 1896, . wh&K; contains the names, of no less than ^seventeen hundred Church of England clergymen, and among the names I find ' those of the following Queensland cleigy: ^C. W. Baron,G. F. Hart, H. C. Beas I' Y, J. F. lieighton. Thus We see that tlie Church of England in Queensland has in her ministry Romanizers of the moafc pronoimced type.- May I not adopt the Master's words: 1 nj unto yotr— Watch P The Rev. J. Pike has in & most foolish way l«l the Bishop of Rock hampton's same oat of the bog, in connec tion with membership in the Notorious ffecrefc Society of the Holy Gross, and then tells us w« may he suns that a Bishop would not join a doubtful society. Per sonally I am not sure about such a thing, seeing so many Bishops evidently sympa thize with tho men who are seeking to un Scotttttmiize the Knglish Church. 'Bro ther® Dawes was a member of the Society of the Holy Grosa in 1877, and had the oomago to say to the brethren hi one of their monthly chapter meetings cOnr weakness hithedn has beda our secrecy.* Mr Walsh says fhifi Soeiety 'admits to its ranks only Bishop a, Priests and Deac ons, and bona fide candidates for holy or ders. Of these nods but Ritualists of an advanced type could eonaeieiitioudy "be come members. In the same year, 1877, came the public exposure of that extreme ly indecent and dirty book,^The Priest in Absolution/ circulated and used by the members of the Society of the Holy Gross, with the result that nearly one-half of its Brethren bolteft from its ranks in a fright. It Is only fair to the Bishop of fiockhainpr ton to say that his name does not appear «n the printed list of members doit lying before me. Had not Mr Pike blurted out tho Bishop's name,! should not hare giv en it in the newspapers, or written the above. The conviction deepens daily that Mr Pike's correspondence will do thfi Church of England infinite good, by en abling me to show up the Ritualistic par ty to which he and other Queensland cler gy belong, for I Intend to leave no legiti mate Stone unturned for the accomplish ment of the purpose on which I have set my heart, and from whieh I am determin ed no side issues shafl divert me. Mr Pike attempts to justify the unprotestanfe doctrines and practices of his party by eft appeal to the Archbishop, bat it is gener ally understood that Archbishop Temple Is in sympathy with the Ritualists, and also many of the Bishops, and therefore his appeal to the Archbishop does not stand for much. It only lends strength to my arguments. 1 may repeat,9 says Mr Pike, 'there are a few mm who act In the spirit of rebellion.' What non sense ! The second manifesto of the English Church Union, a Society which is composed of some 30,000 members, 4,000 of whom ara Bishops, and clergymen, eausc-d Englishmen to think Seriously. In the House of Commons, on Tuesday, April 11, 1809, the question of Ritualism was intro duced by Mr S. Gedge, vlo Said it iras /ear that the inlmtion of the Ritualists 'yjifes to revert to mediaeval practices, and "to undo the work of fchel Reformation of the 16th Century. - Mr T. Hoare propos ed : This House deplores the spirit of law lessness shown by certain members of the Church of England, and confidently hopes that the Ministers of the Crown will not recommend any clergyman for ecclesiasti cal preferment unless they are satisfied that he will obey loyally the Bishops and the prayer-book.' Mr Balfour said the recent declaration of policy by the Eng lish Church Union was an act of groat disloyalty tq the Church. Lord Halifax (President of, the Union,) and his fol lowers made no secret of the fact that they would like t» see the Ritual of the Church brought into dose agreement with tho ChurchefRome in the years which preceded the Reformation, and the future interests of the Church would be in jeop ardy unless all men who were sincerely loyal to the Protestant Church united and CKpreSsed thafc they would not allow it to be destroyed by mistaken religious theor ies/ The resolution was carried by an overwhelming majority. Mr Kke reflects on the Methodist Church, the Church to which he is indebted for all that is best fa him, bee&usA; it has a. law which will not allow men to remain in it who agi tate and geek td overturn its doctrines and discipline. I think sudh a law is both honorable and nedeefeary, for how can any Institution exist,, unless it protects itself against disloyalty and dishonesty. No man has the right to share the emolu ment? of an institution Unless he is pre pared to do it? work, and keep within the bounds of its laws. The law above quoted Is an effeefcaal barrier against such a sehisra as is at this moment rending the Bnglwli Church asunder. Did ever Eng lishman have to make a more humiliating eonfession than IiOrd Salisbury was com pelled to make in the House of Ijords a few'weeks since t Hie said : *We have no ^iiirfpliite in the Church of England. It is quite true that whether in morals, ef ficiency, doctrine or ritual, there is no dis cipline in the Church of Bngland-!' And ranks of the High Church party, which is distinctly disloyal to the prayer- book.' These are terrible confessions from the lips of English Churchmen;* I have the honor to belong to a Church which has a law strong enough, and men strong en ough to administer it, to prevent the oc currence of such a chaotic state of things as exists in the Church of England at the present moment. I am exceedingly glad that Air JPike has attacked Mr Walter Walsh's 'Secret History of the Oxford Movement,' for it gives me another op portunity of calling attention to this cour ageous, impartial, honest, unanswerable book. Mr Pikers condemnation, stands for nothing. The book has not been re futed by the papers or the names he quotes. Abuse is not refutation. Even Dr. Sandy confesses that the book is writ ten "culmly and temperately, and that as *11'appeal to documents its fairness cannot be d-snied.* As to the attack of that bit ter Ritualistic journal, the 'Church Times/ the author justly says, it is only remark able {or its angry abuse, baffled rage, and personal insult. All the errors the 'Church Times' Ahims to have discovered in a book of over 400 pages, containing hundreds of quotations from Ritualistic documents,, are just seven, and all of min or importance. Six cf these the author clears away, so leaving one point only, where be is proved inaccurate. The one point is that the author states that two clergymen went with Lord Halifax to Rome with reference to the recognition of Anglican Ordia-a by the Church of Rome. The 'Church Times' points out that the two clergymen did not go 'with' Lord Hal ifax, but followed a few months later. That is the only inaccuracy the 'Church Times' has been able to substantiate, and that is of only the slightest importance. Well may Mr Walsh ring out this mote of triumph in the preface to his fourth edition: l&e; Ritualists have now said their worst against the 'Secret History of the Oxford Movement,' and it is a com fort to feel that I have nothing to fear from it." And it is an equal 'comfort to fed* that the man who quotes from its pages has -no need to fear a refutation. He who quotes from this book rests on a bedrock of indisputable evidence. For the information of those' who may desire to read the book,' and I fed certain many, after reading my coraespondenoe, will wish to do so, I may say :—1. That the book is of Church of England origin. It prepared by-the author at the re yWlffigt fi |f< gnwJltBft} iw Church. Association, a Society for the de fence of the Reformation Protestantism of the Church of England. 3. It has been highly reviewed by loyal churchmen all the world over. Canon MeCormiek, Chap laia-in-ordinary to the Queen, says: 'it contains one of the most startling revela tions ever made to the people of any coun try.' The 'Record'says : *Mr Walsh has written with studied moderation and fair ness, and there is nothing in all the 400 pages of this book that can offend any independent mind.' The 'English Church* man,' says: This is o. remarkable book, which ought to be read by every English man. who wishes to see his country free and enlightened.' Hie 'Western Times' says : *1116 volume is one which church men would do well to consult for them selves. Its revelations are extraordinary, its proofs indisputable.' The TAverpool Courier' says : 'Nothing is overstated, or aught set down in malice. . . We can cordially recommend it to the serious perusal of saber-minded churchmen.' In conclusion, I may say now has come the supreme chance of Mr Pike's life. Just let him rat down and out of the wonderful 'sources' of information in his library, re fute the 'Secret History of the Oxford Movement.' If he can do this he will win immortal fame, accomplish the might: iest literary feat of the Nineteenth Cen tury, become such a 'defender of the Jfoith® as will put old Ring Harry com pletely in the shade, and will: perhaps be canonized and worshipped by the Ritual ists of coming days. Now, here's a chance for him. There's a tide in the affairs of men which taken at the flood leads on to fortune.'—Tours, etc., - Sir,—Kindly allow me some space in your valuable paper, to express some thoughts crn/the controversy between Mr Smith and Mr. Pike on the above sub ject. I am a Bible student, and I might venture to say that I give it as much study (probably more,) as either the rer. gentlemen. All lovers of the Bible must ba pained to see how these gentlemen ig nore the Bible, for not once during the whole of the discussion has any of the said writers referred to its sacred pages in_ support Of their positions. Why is this so ¥ Surely if there was anything solid in their respective positions, they would stand the test of the word of God, end see bow much stronger their position would to when supported by Holy writ* W. SMITH, (To the Editor.) sound of tiniflmg cymbals. Mr . Smith" is opposed to Ritualism (so am I) and I con eider that he has fully substantiated ^ his ehai^ge, viz., that Ritualism is practised in some churches cf the Church of Eng land, and Mr Pike has admitted it is bo. So far so good. Mr Smith, says that he is not an enemy of the Church of Eng land, "but that he is an enemjp (ecripturally' speaking a Satan) to Ritualism. ' Why ? Ah, that brings the question to the crucial point. What has he offered to us in the shape of facts against it T Nothing I True, he has by the help of others drawn fanciful pictures, such as a sister made to lie flat on the ground and with her tongue describe tha figure ofa_ cross in the dirt, and other such like things; the whole of his argument may be summed up in one word : Sentiment! v Now senti ment is of no value in a discussion of this kind, a man's sentiment is governed by his surroundings, for instance, if Mr Smith had come into this world a Turk, and brought up as one, he would have no sentiment against a plural number of wives, and other peculiarities - of the Turk. Unless sentiment: is governed by a law or standard, either human or div ine, it is of no avail. For instance, our laws prohibit a msm from having any more than one wife. That being so, it lias produced a sentiment against a plural number of wives, that: fwiHwimt is right eous. Why ? Because it is supported by the law which says : Thou shalt not do so and so. Mr Smith has not support ed his sentiment, by a Thus sayeth the LGrd, hence his argument falls to the ground. It is a peculiarity of Methodists to deal in sentiment; they play on the feelings of the people, and when they have implanted the feeling into their folfowera' breasts, they think that the Holy Spirit is starring them up. I have heard of seme of their hell fire speeches, and verily believe they would make the old devil (excuse me, I don't believe in the fallen angel dogma,) wince with shame if he was handy. Mr Smith, please give us some scriptural facts against Ritualism, Remember what Peter said. If any speaks let him speak as the oracles of God 1st Pet. IV., 11. . Mr Pike supplies an interesting Jeibuer in your issue of the 12th. ?nsL; it is not bad considering he is wrapt up in Federation, and I verily be lieve that he would sooner be holding forth on Federation than on Ritualism: possibly if Christ was to appear on the seene, he would request him to wait until the 2nd September. Passing over his statistics and the characters of the clergy, wecome to where he says, There is no law estab lishing the Church of England.' I infer from that the law of Christ .has nothing to do with the Church of England; I haV* believed that for a long time now. Mr Pike is one ©f those who uphold with nil his zeal in its unimpaired entirety, 'the faith once for all delivered unto the saints.' What faith is that f I presume he means the Church of England faith, that was delivered by her clergy unto her saints. A sorry faith it must be, when it was in need of the English Parliament to pass a Bill for the effective discipline of its cleigy, and whose Bishops cannot do much to check illegal usages. It is easily seen that the law of Christ-does not gov ern the Church of England, because that Church is dependent upon the decrees of men for its doctrines, as witness Mr Pike, ■ *Thc clergyman who obeys the prayer book must practice ritual.*' Followers of the Church of England note that. Your leader's faith is in the prayer-book (for that is the only book he quotes from in support of his position,) not in the Bible the word of .God; the gospel they preach conies from the same source, such is its salvation. Paul said that the scriptures are able to make wise unto salvation through faith in Christ Jesus, and "that , they are profitable for doctrine, for proof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness. 2nd Tim; IH.S 15-17. Christ said tf&reh; the scriptures Jno. Y, 39\. But your leaders point you to the prayer-book, a book of their own produc tion. There is no command from God to obey it, ndjther can they produce/author. Uy from God for its issue. They have the audacity to tell you that thev hard the Holy Ghost, and yet it is only "recent ly ..they condemned the use of incense, presumably because it is illegal; to err is human, but when men whoprofess that they have the Holy Spirit to guide and teach them, practice for years that which they now condemn as illegal, the least I can say is that it is suspicious. Ye churchmen, do you believe that the Holy - Spirit teaches a man to do that* .which is illegal ? I don't. And do you not think that such practice is conclurive prbqf that 4h€p have not ihflrHoEy Sobib f f #*»• sw p found io be illegal, 3a it not possible that the others axe Illegal as well ? Let us examine them. 'Vestments and alter lights havebeen declared by the Highest Church Court to be included in. those or naments of the Church and of its minis ters.' Now, the Highest" Church Author ity is the Christ and his Apostles. Did they ever make such a declaration ? No ! If you don't believe me look in the New Testament -md see for j^SBelra. A church to-day is looked upon as a. bully ing where people go. to worship, and they fljrs named alto1 some of the 4ead saintej they call these places God's church, and they ~eay that God dwells therein.; this they do in opposition to God's words which aaya, The most High dwelleth not in temples'made with bands.* Acts VII, 47-49, XVII., 24, henee Paul said : 'Know ye not that your body is the temple of God r 1st Cor EL, 16-17, VI., 19 2nd OefT. VI., 16, Eph. II., 19 to 22. The word 'church" means assembly, im proof of which I wish to draw your attention to Paul's statement: 'And he (the Christ) is the head of the body the church.' Col. I., 18-24 ; for further proof see 1st Cor. XIV., 23, Gal. I., 13. Having givei sufficient proof of what the 'church' is, nothing remains bat to see what the al ter ta. The Christ is the altar, as will be seen on reference to Hebrews XIII. 10 to 16\. That -being so, it will be seen at once how incongruous altar lights would be as -an ornament of the church. Note the difference between the Church of God and the Church of England, the one is a corporate body of many members, 1st Cor. XII., 12-14 ; the other is a wooden build ing ; Jthe onehas a living altar by whom they, offer their sacrifice of praise to God, fieb. XII., 13, the other has a wooden Altar with lighted candles, from which a human appointed priest officiates. Hie hope of the Church of God is in the resur rection of the dead through faith in the Christ Jesus. 1st Cor. XV., IS to 19. The clergy of the Church of England through their doctrines deny the resurrec tion of the dead. (Mr Smith, that ap plies to you too ! J To deny that is to deny cne of the main principles of the faith once for all delivered unto the saints. The true church has only one God, and one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus ; 1st Tim. II., 5\. The Church of England has a. triune God, God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. Three Gods, yet not three Gods, only one, that is what r terra-a ehnrch puzzle. I may have some thing to say on this puzzle later on. Tn vain do they Worship God, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men, Matt. XV., 9.-—Youra ete. , "BIBLE STUDENT.® 