PURSUED BY THE LA:W- (BY J. MACLAIIEN COBBAN.) CHAPTER. VI.— MR. TOWNSHEND OF JERMYN-STREET. It was plainly becomo a desperate situation in which James Graham was placed. It was all the ruoro hazardous and exasperating that, slnco ho was not truly tho responsible person, slnco he trulv had seen nothing, he could give no explana- tion of tho new circumstances; ho could only speculate concerning litem as others did. As for his faithful sweetheart, little Nelly, slto was at her wits' end when she knew of the anony mous letter, and the discovery ensuing thereupon. And she could for some time discuss tho matter only with Liz; for iter lover was not accessible, and Mrs. Graham, still tossing in her fever, re mained unaware of all that had happened and of all that was happening. And Liz . did not- help much towards a solution of the mystery. "I do wonder," Nelly said, "if mother could have fired that tiling off." "Not her!" said Liz. Then with conviction and satisfaction, "It was nobbut a judgment on that man!" "But oven If slio had done It," said Nolly, pur suing lior own line of thought, "she couldn't have written the letter; that must have been written by someone who saw it done — or, perhaps, who did it!" And her suspicion flashed upon the strango gen tleman called Towushend, of 25 Jermyn-street, though why he should have done it she could not guess. "A man," she continued td Liz, "could easily have come in quietly, for you had left tho door latched back." "Now givo over, 'ooney!" said Liz. "Wheer's t' use o' turning thy head inside out guessing conundrums liko them? . It's as plain to me as my hand that it was t' linger o' God Almighty!" "What?" said Nelly. "You mean that God pulled the trigger and fired the gun?" "And what for not?" demanded Liz, Indignantly. "Batn't God Almighty's judgments wonderful and past finding out, as t' Book says? And wasn't Robert Graham Just as bad a3 bad could be?" "And I suppose," said Nelly, Ironically, "God Almighty wrote that letter, too?" "Well," cried Liz, "and couldn't Ho? Ho .lias written a mort o' things about Moses and t'. pro phets, ar.d It wouldna bo so much wi' ono dip o' Ills pen to write yon hit o' a letter!" Theso views did not encourage Nelly to pursue speculation any further with tho aid of Liz. But, brave and resolute llttlo heart as sho was, she formed a great and grave resolution. Sho had already addressed a civil llttlo letter, in her lovor's behalf, to " — Townsliond, Esq., 25 Jorhtyu- stroet," and she thought that, having done so much, sho might do moro. Mr. Townshend was . evidently well-disposed to her lover — from what- j over cause — and ready to do bint a service; if sho saw him face to face, she might be able to judge what kind of "gentleman" ho was; might get some guidance or light from him in the darkness i of this mystery; and, in short, might derivo sev eral advantages which were not quite clear to licr yet. At any rate, she made lip her impulsive and resolute llttlo mind to go to Mr. Townsheud's ad dress, and she went. Mr. Towushend, about seven o'clock that even ing, sat in Ills rooms in Jormyu-streot, talking to ills "man," and keeping tho thought of dressing in his mind. "Yes Marquis," said this man; "and what jewel lery?" "It's at the Savoy— with Mr. Barnato and that lot. No, Mortimer, wo won't he vulgar. I'll wbai nothing but tho Czar Alexander's diamond ring." "Yes, Marquis," said Mortimer (who, though an old valet, was active and attentive); "that will ho nobby. It will take tho shine out of thorn." ; "Tho dovfl!" exclaimed Air. Townshend, who was running his eyo through tho extra special of tho "Globe." "Hero's a new tip about that mau Graham! Bead it, Mortimer." Mortimer read tho published news of tho anony mous letter, and tho discovery which ensued thereupon, wliilo Townshend pulled his thick moustache in careful thought. When Mortimer had. finished aud handed back tho paper, Town shend looked up, tossing back tho black lock which fell upon his forehead, and showing, with that and his long throat containing a very pro nounced Adam's apple, a head strangely like that of a Polish fowl. That construction of head and throat gave lilm a remarkably deep and vibrant voice, which, in its higher notes, mado you think of the sound of a fog-horn off a dangerous coast. "What do you think of him, Mortimer? — of Ills chances after that?" he asked. "Chances, Alarquls? I think ho'll bavo to bo ono of us— and a lucky good chance, too!" . "I think so, Mortimer. 'Pon my soul, I'm sorry for him." "You aro for everybody, Marquis." "And a clever fellow, too!" Townshend con tinued, without heeding Mortimer's remark. "Just think of that gun, Mortimer — his own In vention! A real needle-gun. Perfect safety with ft, eh?" "Yes, Marquis," said Mortimer, nodding In ad miration. "But ho'll he ono of us yet, Marquis; .there's no doubt about it. You'll manage it, Marquis!" "Did I hear our bell ring, Mortimer?" said .Townshend. "I'll see, Marquis," said Mortimer, and went off. In a minute or so he returned. "A lady wishes to see you, sir." "A lady!" "Yes, sir; seems a nlco enough little person. But she has nover been hero before." "All right: Show her In. And, Mortimer." "Yos, sir." "Put my clothes out In there. I shall want, to dress In a few mlnuies." Mortimer was a discreet servant, with furtive step and drooping eye, and after introducing the visitor ho retired so softly that ho seemed to molt away, like an unsubstantial ghost. It was a little lady — pretty and plquantc — that Townshend received with an impressive bow as sho crossed his threshold. 'Tenliaps It is rude of me," said she In a tone at once frightened hut resolute, "to call on you like this." ' Charmed, I'm sure," said Mr. Townshend, with another bow, and placed a chair. "Do- lighted, Aflss— er — ?" "Afy name is Clemaneo," said Nelly bravely; "I wrote a note to you on Mr. Graham's account.' "Ah, to bo sure — AIIss Clemance," said ho; and a new kindly politeness as well as a new atten tion seemed to animntc his manner and his voice. "Won't you put off that damp cloak? It Is a horrid wet night. Allow inc." He lifted the fur cloak from her shoulders and spread it ovor the hack of a chair. "You are Mr. Townshend?" said she, looking at him in frank scrutiny, when they had sat down opposito each other. "I am — at your service, Miss Clemance." "I heard from — from him — Air. Graham — how you appeared at tho door that first dreadful night," said she. "Excuse me," said ho; "but do you come to me. from Mr. Graham?" "No," she answered, a little put out, and blush ing in her perplexity. "I have come just be cause I suddenly thought I would. I thought — I thought " , "Oh, bo at your ease, pray, about that. I only wished to know if Mr. Graham had asked you to come. If I can serve you, be assured I will." "It's him I want you to help, Mr. Townshend," she broke out. "You seemed so kind and gener ous in the way yon wrote to him I have ven- tured to come and ask you ' I am bewildered. I don't understand this that has happened. Per haps you do. You know, I think — ot guess — that Mr. Graham bad nothing to do with it at all; that it was all over, whatever it was, when he got home — that — " "My dear Miss Clemance," he interrupted, "is it quite fair to put all that to me without Mr. Graham's permission? He went himself, with out any compulsion, I presume, to the police, and made certain statement. If ho means to stick to that statement — and I suppose he does — what good purpose can bo served by our going behind it?" "Oh, I don't know," sho said, clasping her hands in bor lap. "Perhaps I have done wrong. But I know ho is innocent, and I want to save him. I would take his place it I could." "Come, come," said Mr. Townshend, sooth ingly and kindly. "Bear up. You are a brave young lady, I'm sure. Between ourselves I don't mind admitting that I know Air. Graham to be innocent. That is very agreeable to know, be cause it makes us admire him; but it doesn't help us to get him oil." "It may." said she. briskly, "because you must ho sure. he did not let off that gun; who did, then ?" "Ah, who?" said he, regarding her. "YVe can find out, surely." "We can try. But wo may fall. Let me point this out to you, AIIss Clemance. An ordinary detective can no moro work without a theory than a — a clergyman can preach without a text. You may be sure that the fixed theory of the de tectives in this is that James Graham killed his father, either on purpose or by accident. A now fact more or less won't turn them away from that theory; it will only make them squeeze tho fact to lit tho theory. Hero they have little diffi culty; tho gun was Mr. Graham's own. And. I venture to declare that they have already made up their minds that James Graham himself fired . that shot — If," he added, with his odd flutter of a smile, "you can say firo a shot, when the business was done with air and a needle." "But how unjust that is in them!" sho ex claimed. "My dear Miss Clemance," said he, "the busi ness of detectives is not to do justice, hut having got hold of a man to get him convicted. They don't mean any harm; it is just in the way of business." "But," sho cried, "what about the letter? Even if James might havo fired the gun ho can't have written tho letter! They must be very stupid if they can't see that!" "They aro stupid. Most people aro stupid. And then you know tlio saying, 'None are so blind as those who won't see." " "Do you really and truly Think they won't see 11?" sho asked, In dismay. "From all I lenow of that kind of person — and I know a good deal, AIIss Clemance — I should, really and truly, say they won't see it. But," he made liasto to add, on noting how downcast Bhe was, ' "you mustn't let that dishearten you. After all, tho mutter will rest with a jury, and wo must got a clevor counsel that will present things in their proper light and their true relation, and convince tho twelve. I know the very man." "You seem to know everybody, Mr. Towns hend," she exclaimed ; "I mean everybody useful. It is very kind of you. Indeed. 1 don't know why you aro so kind." "Well, said he, in his most sonorous, vibrant tones, "I have a weakness for courage; I like to see a man — or a woman — brave enough to do something without counting the cost to them selves. I consider Air. Graham that kind of man, and I take tho liberty of admiring him. And then, in a case liko his," said he, showing again that flutter of a smile under Ills thick moustache. "I can't help being something or a philanthro pist." "What aro you really. Air. Townshend?" nslted Nolly, impulsively. "Oh," sho cried, blushing, "I didn't mean to say that! I was thinking it, and it came out. I moan I. was wondering if you wero a great man. of somo kind— a groat Govern ment official, perhaps; because you seem to know everybody, and seem confident of this all ending i easily for James — Mr. Graham, po you mind my ' asking what you are?" 1-Ie laughed a little — n deep bark or two — and pulled his moustache, and pushed back gontly the crest of black hair from his forehead. "I am," said ho, with an odd smile, " — or — a Socialist, Miss Clemaneo." "Oh," she cried, with enthusiasm; for, being a girl of warm heart and active opinions, she had cultivated an admiration for that kind of person, "aro you? Then you know Mr. Bernard Shaw?" "Shaw? Shaw? Tho Fire Brigade? — I kuow whom you mean; a man that writes; no; I don't know him." "But ho is a Socialist!" "Ah," said Townshend, and again that smile fluttered, "I am a practical Socialist; he's a theo retical one." These were the words which hung in Nelly Clomaneo's ear after sho had left this man who so strangely Interested her, with his mystery and his politeness, his kindness, and his evident sense of power. As she descended the stairs she felt pleased and satisfied with him and her inter view; and yet, when she came to reflect, she had gained nothing but a largo though vaguo pro mise of help. As Nelly descended the stairs she met ascond- lng a tall and fashionably dressed lady, who stared at her, and she wondered If she also wero about to visit Air. Townshend. (To he continued.) 