GHOST ON THE BURROWA ROAD RACE FOlt LIFE. Last Thursiay a young man well known in town was engaged by one of the Yass footballers to meet him at a certain point on tho Burrowa road, about , seven miles from Yass, with a fresh j horse. The time appointed was 8 o'clock. As soon > s night came 011 he made for , the appointed spot where he arrived about the time promised, and seeing | what he thought was a paling fence, dismounted, tied his horse to a tree, and sat down -with his back to the fence in tending to wait until his friend arrived. After waiting for about an hour and a half ho began to feel lonely and cold, and was about to light a fire when all of a sudden his favourite dog "Chook," got very restless and commenced to howl piteously, a kind of " shivery " howl. He at once recollected " what his old man had told him many a time," " that when a dog howls, somebody is going to die." He listened intently for the buggy con taining the footballers, but instead of the buggy ho could hear curious voices i the other side of the fence which rather unnerved him. He quietly got up, and holding on by the fence gazed into the abyss of darkness where he could plainly " see things moving about ; "plucking up courage he struck a match and looked over the fence, when, to his astonish ment, he saw a grave and noticed that the fence he had been sitting against surrounded the grave Almost paralysed with fright, he commenced to make up his mind " to get," when the dog gave another terrible " shivery " howl, a kind of "shivery" howl that' his owner had never known before, and then made a desperate rush and got behind his mas ter! This was suflicient for the young man who realised that the only chance he had was to mount his horso and make for the nearest house. In an instant this was accomplished and tho rider dashed through the bush at full speed, almost breathless with excitement, and as he raced along he could feel like " something breathing warm " at the back of his neck. He urged his horse on and as he did so a large bough hang ing from a tree brushed across his chest which made him think that the appari tion had overtaken him, and he exclaim ed in his excitement, " let me alone you ," and clapping the spurs into his horse he made for a light that he could s'ee in a farmer's house some dis tance away. For some time the light seemed to be goirg away from him but still he urged his horse on until he reach ed the light wjien he jumped off and rushed into the house in a breathless state sayiDg, " please let me sit at the I fire until the Yass footballers gome j along." The farmer consented and it i was some time before he could get the I young man to tell him what was the i matter. At last he took the farmer into 1 his confidence and told him of the dread- ' ful experience he had had in a grave- : yard along the road, how the apparition had appeared to him, followed him along the road and had actually caught hold of him, and that he was sure his dog had j seen it too for he made a rush and, oh, gave a terrible " shivery howl, and Ins hair seemed turned the wrong way. "Do you think you can give me the strength of it." The farmer saw ajbonce what was tho matter and entertained the youth with thrilling accounts of the many mur ders that had been committed on the j creek, that the place was haunted and ! that it was a common thing to see ghosts. 1 In the course of an hour or two the foot ballers came along when he begged to be taken on in the buggy, which was done, and on the way into town related the terrible ordeal that he had gone through, when the footballers informed him that they " all knew " that the place was haunted, which caused the young man to swear that he would never again visit the haunted creek on the Burrowa road. 