? WOMAJN d KttAtoUJS. Seme;: A small tCa-rtjoma la Japeoaite. 8toiclci»^ the frieze seem to be a continuous cratoe with old-rose legs and a purple bill, ^^aiiffejllld with the sharp sceut of incense risingIrom a"tiny bruiser burning before &e.huge; brass Jess on the mantel. The hostess awaits lier .guests in « kimonopfjnany &hades;,her level eyebrt/ws have a distinct slant and her small feet elip lialf out of a pair of sandals at every motion. A Japanese servant holds back the rattling curtail} and a lady enters. The Lady: " Oh, Amy, is that you?** The Hostess" (smiling): " No, dear ; it tin ghost of my great-grandmother." The Lady:" Oh, I see. I've done one of those unnecessary questions, haven't I ?" The Hostess (laughiug): "Yes, bat.I don't know that you need be proud of it!" The Lady (looking about) : " What time is it» anyway ? I suppose the.y don't have clocks in. Japan. I'm yeay early The Hcstess : " A little. No one is likely to come for ten minutes. I got myself into the— things in time to have a dress rehearsal with the tea things, (Holding up her square sleeve.) Do say something funny, so that I can laugh in this ; it's big enough to hold a perfect roar." The Lady (suddenly) : " Tom was driving with her again yesterday. Everybody saw them. Isn't it perfectly infuriating ?" The Hostess (gentiy) : " li is very hard for you. Do you mind it very much, dear ? " The Lady (petulantly): " Mind it P Well, I should think I did! Married only six months and to have one's husband going about with a girl like that! An impossible creature who isn't even in one's own set, and who wears gowns that are simply ghastly. The Hostess: "But perhaps—if you wen more considerate—I mean if you didn't go oat so much with Will Jarvis, who was once wellknown to be rather epris—" The Lady (hastily) : " Oh ! that's nothing. Tom isn't a bit jealous. Neither am I, but hemight have picked ont somebody I knew. r The Hostess (seriously): " Do you and Tom really care for one another ? " The Lady (staring): " Of course not. But we don't quarrel—at least, not in public. Why (flippantly), he likes that girl better than he docs me." The Hostess : " And Will Jarvis thinks it ir very poor taste, eh ? " The Lady (looking down): " Perhaps." The Hostess : '* How can you endare a life like this, so full of bitterness and danger to yourself and others ? Why don't you and Tom part, and at least live honestly ? " The Lady : " Tou mean divorce, of course. I've thought of that, of course, but you see I can't—at least, just yet." The Hostess: " Ah, then you do care forTom a little, after all! Be patient and I'm sure it will come out— w The Lady (laughiDg) : " What a sentimentalist you are! Do you want to know the reason ? You know Kittie Hunter—one of my bridesmaids ? On the way down the aisle in tbe church I overheard her wager a dozen pairs of gloves that I wouldn't live with Tom a year I Spiteful thing! So you see, I've got to." The Hostess (looking at her guest curiously j " Yes. I see. You've got to." 