HTT A PTRR'" TX: . The girl had moved" a step towards him as she spoke, and. a gleam- of sunlight, which, had found, its way into the grove,, flashed for a'i moment oh the little stray curls of her brotvn gold hair and across her face. Her lips were parted in a de lightful smile—she was very pretty, and inclined .to be apologetic. : But Scarlett Trent had seen nothing save that first glance when the sun had touched, her face with fire. A strong man at all times, and more than commonly self-masterful, he felt himself now as helpless as a child. A sud den pallor had ;.whitened his face to the lips, there were^strahge^singihgs in his ears, and a mist^iyas before his eyes. It was she. There was no'possibility of any mistake. It was i the, girl, for .-.whose pic ture he had gambled1 in- the hut at Bek wando—Monty's baby girl, of whom he had babbled even in death. He leaned against a. tree, stricken dumb, and she was frightened. . "You are ill," she .cried. "I'm so sorry. Let me run to the house and fetch some-1 one." . v;. . He had strength/enough to stop her—a few deep breaths and he was himself again, shaken, and with a heart beating like a steam-engine, but able at last to talk intelligently. ; ' , "I'm sorry—didn't mean to frightenl you," he said. "It's the heat—I get an attack like this soihhtimes. Yes, I'm Mr. Trent. I don't know what you're doing here, but you're.welcome.' , "How nice of;'you to . say .-. so," she an swered brightly;r :'":"But 'then,'--V perhaps, i you'll change your , mind .when, you know what I have been doing." ' He laughed shortly. ' . "Nothing terrible, I should say. Looks as though you've been making a picture of my house. I don't mind that." She dived'in her pocket and produced a card-case.' "I'll make full confession," she said frankly.'. "I'm a journalist." ~ "A what?" he repeated feebly. "A journalist. I'm on the 'Hour.' This isn't my work as a rule, but the jrian who should have come is ill, and his junior can't sketch, so they sent me. Don't look at me as though I were a ghost, please. Haven't you ever heard of a girl journalist before?" "Never,"' he answered emphatically. "I didn't know that ladies did such things." She laughed gaily, but softly, and Trent' | understood then what was meant by the | music of a woman's voice. v . "Ohj lt's.iiot at all an uncommon' thing," she assured- him. "You won't mind my interviewing you, will you?" "Doing what?" he asked, blandly. "Interviewing you. That's what I've I come for, you know, and we want a little sketch of your house for the papers. I know you don't like it—I hear you've been awfully rude to poor little Morrison, of the 'Post'—but I'll be very careful what I say, and very quick.'" He stood looking at her, a dazed and bewildered man. Prom the trim little hat, with its white band and jaun'ty bunch of | cornflowers, to the well-shaped patent shoes, she was neatly and daintily dressed. A journalist. He glanced once more into I her face—at the brovvn eyes, watching him now a little anxiously, the mouth with the humorous twitch at the corner of her lips. The little wisps of hair flashed again in the sunlight—it was she. He had found her. She took his silence for hesitation, and continued a little anxiously— "I really won't ask you many questions, and it would do me quite a lot of good to, get an interview with you. Of course, I oughtn't to have begun' this sketch with out permission. If you mind that, I'll give it up." He found his tongue, awkwardly, but vigorously. You can sketch just as long as ever I you please, and make what use of it you I like," he said. "It's only a bit of a place, | though." ! "How nice of you. And the inter view?" "I'll tell you whatever you want to | know," he said, quietly. She could scarcely believe in her good for tune, especially when she remembered the description of the man .rhich one of the staff had given. He was gruff, vulvar, ill tempered—the chief ought to be kicked for letting her ■ go-near him. This was what she had been told. She laughed softly to' herself. "It is very good indeed of you, Mr. Trent," dhe said earnestly. "I was quite nervous about coming, for I bad no idea that you wonld be so kind. Shall I finish my sketch first, and then perhaps you will be able to spare me- a few minutes for the interview?" "Just as you like," he answered. "May I look at it?" "Certainly," she answered, holding out the block, " but it isn't half finished yet." "Will it take long?" "About an hour, I think." 'You are very clever," he said, with a little sigh. She laughed outright. "People are calling you the cleverest man in London to-day," she said. "Pshaw!" It isn't the cleverness that counts for anything that makes money." j Then he set his teeth hard together, and swore vigorously but silently. She had be-1 come suddenly interested in her work. A shrill burst of laughter from the lawn in front had rung sharply out, startling them both. A young woman, .with fluffy hair, and in a pale blue dinner dress,, was danc ing to an unseen audience. Trent's eyes flashed with anger, and his cheeks burned. The dance was .a- music-hall one, and the gestures 'were—not refined. Before he could stop.^ himself an oath had broken from his lips.' After that He dared not even glance at the girl by his side. .. "I'm, very sorry," lie muttered, "I'll stop that right away." "You mustn't disturb your friends on my account," she said, quietly. She did not look up. but Trent felt'keenly the al teration in her manner. "They're not my friends," he exclaimed passionately. "I'll clear them out -heck !and crop." She'looked up for a moment, surprised' at his sudden vehemence.. There was no doubt about his being in earnest. She con tinued 'her-work without looking at him, but her tone when she spoae was more friendly. ' • "This ,will take .me a little longer than. I thought to finish properly," she said. "I wonder might I come down early to morrow morning? What time do you .leave for the city?" "Not until afternoon, at any rate," he said. "Come to-morrow, certainly, when ever you like. You needn't be afraid of that rabble. I'll .see you . don't have to go • near them." : - "You must- please not make any diffe rence or alter your arrangements on my account," 3ke said. "I am quite used to meeting all sorts of people in my profes sion, and I don't object to it in the least. Won't you go now? I think that that was your dinner bell." ; He hesitated, obviously embarrassed, but determined. ' "There is one question," he said, "which I; should. very much like to ask you. It will sound impertinent. I don't mean it -so. I can't explain exactly why I want to know, but I have a reason." "Ask it by all means,she said. "I ■promise that I'll answer it if I can." "You say that you are—a journalist. Have you taken it up as a pastime, or to earn money?" "To earn money, by all means," she answered, laughing. "I like the work, but I shouldn't eare for it half so much if - J didn't make my living at it.. Did you think that..I was an amateur?" "I didn't - know," he answered, •, slowly. "Thank you. You -will come to- morrow?" "Of course. Good evening.".. "Good evening." • Trent lifted his hat, and turned away un willingly towards the house, full; of.-.'-a sense that:something wonderful had hap pened to, him. 'i He wilt absent-minded, but he stooped to pat a little dog whose attentions *lie usually ignored, and he picked hi creamy-white rose - as he crossed the;lawn, andi wondered, why it should re mind'himpf her! ; 