General Notes. ;o: ,. The Government has decided to extend the North Mole at the mouth of the river a further thousand feet, and, on paper, that sounds well. The matter of deciding upon such an undertaking is a very simple affair. The matter of going on with it and paying for it when it is in hand isn't quite so simple. Sir John Forrest informed a goldhelds audience that the Government had £350,000 banked in Perth, and he. expected people to conclude from that state- . ment that the Government was in funds. He didn't, however, tell his listeners that the Government owed a very considerable sum to the investors in the P.O. Savings' Bank, and that if the said investors asked Mm to pay out on a few days' notice, as they are entitled to do, his bank balance would be a very small affair indeed. Anyhow, if the Government is so strong in funds, as the Premier wanted the goldfields' people to believe, why dosen't it pay the many bills that are outstanding against it. One man in Fremantle states that he holds a Government bill for over £800 and that during the last nine months he has tried in vain to zet that bill cashed. Many people would like, for numerous reasons, to see the extension of the North Mole of the Fremantle Harbor Works taken in hand, but they have their doubts about the work starting for some considerable time to come. A ratepayer in attempting to glean some information with respect to an item on the balance-sheet at the halfyearly meeting of ratepayers of the Fremantle Municipality last Monday night, apologised for his frequent interrogations by stating that he was " rather opaque." As the said ratepayer wasn't a ghost or a glassey form it's difficult to understand how he could have conceived the idea that anyone might have imagined that he was at all transparent. The annual and half-yearly meetings of ratepayers are about the hugest farces out, and it's small wonder that the work of worrying the chairman of such gatherings with useless questions is left to persons who frankly admit that they are as dense as jarrah, although their words are badly chosen. From unofficial reports which have beeu made by officials it appears that the constable who attempted to foist an unwashed drunk on to the manager of the Hotel Australia a week or so back is likely to get into hot water over the business. Official reports from unofficial sources, howerer, put a different complexion on the probable outcome. These state that the policeman in question is likely to be promoted. Similar actions have of late, so it is alleged, secured for some members of the police force a very distinct promotion. At the Beaconsfield Hotel last Wednesday night the residents of the South Fremantle District presented Corporal Thomas Kelso (who during four of the eight years in which he had been connected with the police force of Western Australia had been in charge of the Beaconsfield Police Station, which post he vacated to succeed Corporal Conlan at Fremantle, with a handsome gold chain aud locket, the latter suitably inscribed, as a niomeuto of their appreciation of the manner in which he had discharged his onerous duties while in their midst Mr. E. Solomon, M.L.A., presided over ihe gathering at which the presentation was made. The niovem nt for the recognition of Corporal Kelso's conduct was originated l»v Mr. W. Fearn, who conducted the pro.-e <1- ings in a highly commendable manner. 4 1 liest show seen for a Ion 4 time '" was the general opinion expressed as the large gathering filed out of t'leTown Hall on Saturday evening last aft->r enjoying the Loco. Minstrels* inaugural entertainment for the season. Messrs Watfs and Little were right to tin- lore on the corner, in the olio and the farce Tin' circle, with Mr Harrison as interlocutor, looked well in uniform and the curtain-raiser, " Medley of popular choruses," put all iu a pleasing mood. Mr Cai^er sang " When you and I w»*rc young, Maggie" well, although the chorus was jiot as effective as it might have been. IIJ DQWII by the river side," an old favorite, rendered by Mr Victors, the same fault was noticeable. The voices were hqruioniousl}'blended in Mr Burn's song. ^ Irene, good-night," the effect being to make the song one of the bpgt on the " chair" part. Mr Gurton scored well in his comic refrain, " La tiddle um," as also did Mr Little in " It wasn't mine," and Mr Watts in " The golden sword." Mr Fixer sang, " Down on the farm," and was deservedly recalled for his item. The corner men ran iu some good local gags, and the finale, iu which Mr Little burlesqued ''Sampson " brought the curtain down with humor predominant, After a short interval the olio was opened, aud comic items followed quickll, encores being demanded by the audience. Each performer had studied detail iu his makeup, and the talent displayed was much above that usually witnessed at concerts in the port. " Coming home from meetings," a song and dance number, was the introductory item, and Messrs Dooley and Gorton created a very favorable impression Their steps were given wfth precision, and the tuneful melody and neat attire had a nice effect. An encore was demanded and had to be responded to. Mr Dix, with more than amateur ability, scored a success with " The lost child." » Hooligan's mule," sung by Mr Downer, had a gpod effect, while with a rollicking chorus, Mr George fairly revelled in " Another attempt to murder me." His attire was piovocative of the attempt so graphically described and forcibly illustrated. Mr Watts as the " Swell policeman " made a lot of humor out of his " arrest," and lie deserved promotion for the way that he handled the baton on his fallen man. His dance was well received. " Irish Justice," the evergreen finale, was put on, and with acceptable embellishments it worked the large attendance up to quite a pitch of enthusiasm, Mr Watts as the chief justice creating a deal of mirth. He changed from the Ethopiau to the Hibernian with professional ease. The characters represented were splendidly attired. Mr Dooley made a hardcase constable, McGuiness, and he never failed to enforce " Ord-er-r-r " with his 200 horse-power stentorian voice. Mr. Little, as " Clerk of the Court," was very funny, his pipiug voice contrasting with that of the blue-coated court official. Despite the encores the programme was got through in excellent style, waiting being pleasurably absent. Each performer made a specialty of his item, and this was the means of procuring most deservedly the very favorable comments elicted on all sides as the audience left the Hall. Mr. Howes, as accompanist, ably assisted in bringing about the success of the concert. This paper previously commented upon the manner in which promotions are made in the police force of Western Australia, and in doing so it remarked that Co'onel Phillips, the Commissioner of Police had, apparently, viewed with a specially favourable eye the shortcomings of the men under his control. Matters which have recently come to light have demonstrated very clearly that that remark was fully justified. The part which was played in the recent maritime disturbance by one constable who received promotion afterwards is well kuown ; but recently, in a place outside Fremantle, the Commissioner of Police has given the control of an important station into the hands of a member of the force who in 1890 was in Melbourne sentenced to six mouths' imprisonment with hard labor for wilfully As an all-round footballer and as a man, who has gained respect on all sides, it would 1 e difficult to beat Tom Wilson, the present skipper of the East Fremantle football club. Born in North Melbourne (where his father was at one time mayor) in 1872, he commenced his football career with North Melbourjie Juniors, of whom l:e was after 4 years service captain, when in 1894 he was given a place iu the senior team of his native town. So popular did he become during his first season with the Norths that in the following season he was given command of the team. In 1896 he came to Western Australia, and during that season he setting fire to the house of a T.omau in Seymour (Vic.) As the party referred to was at the time of his conviction under 21 years of age, he was allowed his liberty on his finding a £500 bond for his good behaviour for a certain period. Later on the same person was arrested by two "Victorian detectives on a charge of having stolen from Government House, Melbourne, a diamond ring, valued at £50. He forked out the ring when under arrest, aud as the owner of the stolen property decided, upon an appeal from influential persons, not to prosecute, the thief was allowed to go. This ornament of society then accepted the advice of his friends and came to Western Australia, where he was admitted to the police force and granted promotion from time to time. It is very probable that when Colonel Phillips learns the fellow's true history he will make him an Inspectoi right away. There may, of course, be some philosophy in the old saying, Set a thief to catch a thief." Still, the public cannot be blamed if it has as little respect for the thief who catches the thief as it has for the thief who is caught by the thief, or by anyone else. In the Fremantle police court yesterday morning Detective Inspector Campbell, of the Railway Department, was taught, by Mr. James Lilly, the acting R.M., that he cannot receive for his railway witnesses double pay. In one. case Mr. Campbell had five witnesses, all servants of the Kail way Department and working in Fremantle. Those railway employes spent two hours in court, and during that time their pay was running on, so it was no hardship to them to go down to the court. In fact, it was rather a spell. Mr. Campbell, to give him his due, didn't claim expenses for the witnesses themselves. He claimed them for the Commissioner for Railways, who, you must know, gentle reader, is very hard up just now—so hard up, iu fact, that when he allows five men oil for two hours to prove the existence of a by-law which the public didn't know anything of, he expects eight hours pay for each. One of the sights of Perth is the splendid establishment of Alcock and Co., the famous billiard table manufacturers at 152 Barrack Street. The progress made in the manufacture of billiard tables, cues, and other accessories of the most artistic of all indoor games is clearly shown by beautiful specimens of the firm's own production at their extensive works in Melbourne. Alcock's tables are to be found all over the world, as they are not only the best to play upon, but are so faithfully constructed that they will stand any climate. Mr F. A. Alcock is the sole representative in W.A , and he will be always be pleased to meet patrons of the firm, and patrons of billiards generally. Take our tip and follow the UMPIRE'S cue by calling. played with the Fremantle 20, doing splendid service iu the back lines for the red and whites. In IK<17 he donned the blue and white guernsey aud threw in his lot with the old Imperials Last year when the Imps changed their title to East Fremantle he was again sporting the blue and white, and he was unanimously elected captain, an honor which has been very properly conferred upon hiin again this season. Wilson has all the attributes of a leader of men. He has excellent judgment, a perfect knowledge of the game, a fiue sense of fair play, a clear cool head, aud a wonderful command of a team. The Easts may well be proud of their skipper. rlto u. . to <'.«-. i n ./. ' '"ill A- < o. TOM WILSON. 