LITERATURE The Storyteller. LOVE MADE MANIFEST. By GUY BOOTHBY. Author of "Dr. Nikola," "The Beautiful White Devil," &c.;, &c.; INTRODUCTION. It was the island of Upolu, in the Samoan Group, and a breathless morning. The sun was almost at its meridian, the palms that lined the beach were as motionless as trees cut out of cardboard, and the lagoon dazzling as a dish of quicksilver set in sand. The only signs of life were the tumbling surf upon the outer reef, and a white boy lying upon his stomach reading on the edge of a grove of wild oranges and cocoanut palms a hundred yards above high-water mark. There was not a human habitation of any sort to be seen in the whole landscape, though a native village existed round the corner of one headland, and the European settlement of Apia was in the flood-tide of life and trade behind the other. That the youth was absorbed in his book admitted of no doubt, for he lay as still as a sleeping turtle, his eyes glued to the page, oblivious to everything around him, though all the time the sun was driving off the shade and climbing higher and higher up his lightly- clad back, and the surf was rumbling like thunder upon the reef on the other side of the lagoon. "Yet some men say in many parts of Eng- land," he read, "that King Arthur is not dead, but is had by will of our Lord Jesu in another place. And men say that he shall come again, and he shall win the Holy Cross. I will not say it shall be so, but rather I will say that here in this world he changed his life. But many men say that there is written upon his tomb this verse: " 'Hic jacet Arthurus Rex Quondam Rex que Futurus.' " At this point he reverently closed his copy of Sir Thomas Mallory's immortal poem, and looked about him. It was a curious old book, that by some strange chance boasted a Balliol label inside its coverlid, and was coated and begrimed with the filth and dust of a career embracing fifteen chequered years in the Pacific. In the wild orange bushes on his right two green and yellow "jaos" were searching for honey and at the same time chattering noisily; among the pink blossom of a group of fuafaus to the left, half-a-dozen Senga parakeets, feathered in all colours of the rainbow, uttered their extraordinary cries, while through breaks in the foliage overhead glimpses of the blue sky could be obtained, showing a flock of white birds soaring up and up into what seemed the very eye of heaven itself. It was a day when it would appear impossible to work, and for this reason, perhaps, very few, save natives, were abroad, and even they, accus- tomed to the warmth as they were, pre- ferred to lie in the shade, to swap reminis- cences, and to generally absorb the heat, rather than run the risk of injuring their constitutions by any violent exertion. He was a strange boy, this ill-clad, ill- kept Claude de Carnyon—perhaps as extraor- dinary a specimen at the genus as could have been found in the whole length and breadth of the Pacific. What his right to his high- sounding patronymic may have been is more than I can say. It is sufficient, however, for the purposes of this history that his father was a dissolute old beachcomber, who had arrived in the Samoan group early in the seventies. Among other things he claimed to have once been an English University man, but he was now a complete wreck, and lived with a Samoan wife in a native village, a mile or two outside Apia. Whatever other faults he may have had, neglect of his son's education could not have been included among them; for a more accomplished youth for his age—he was barely 15—could not have been found on the island, or, for the matter of that, in the whole Southern Hemisphere. Indeed, this teaching of his son was the brilliant old ruffian's one remaining amuse- ment; and, perhaps, as the result of some hereditary tendency, the lad had proved himself eager to make the most of it. In mathematics, it must be conferred, he was by no means reliable, but in Latin and Greek he could have easily held his own with many older men upon whose education thousands of pounds had been expended. The sonorous ancient poets were as familiar to him as the quaint Samoan sagas his dusky stepmother was wont to croon before the hut door at sundown, while his ac- quaintance with the best English, German, Spanish, and Italian literature was, if a trifle fragmentary, at least three years in advance of that acquired by many students of even twice his age at our most cherished universities. In his way the old beach- comber was a genius; but, judging from the proofs he had so far given, his son bade fair to eclipse him. In physique the boy was tall and well made, his hands and feet were small and neatly shaved. His head, from a phren- ological, and indeed from any other point of view, was a magnificent one, and crowned with a wealth of curly hair that in the sun- light shone like molten gold. His features were a trifle disappointing, perhaps, but on the other hand. they bore unmistakable pro- mise of improvement with age. For the presert they were refined and in some re- spects harmonious; the eyes were large and dreamy, the forehead broad, and the mouth somewhat small and sensitive, but not suffi- ciently so to be out of keeping with the re- mainder of the face. The weakest part was undoubtedly the chin, which was hardly square enough to indicate that amount of determination necessary for the formation of a really strong character. Taken alto- gether, however, it was the head and face of a scholar, and one who would live by his brain rather than by his hands. As he put his book away from him and dropped his chin on to his folded arms, there was a stir in the long grass in front of him. Next moment a beautiful little specimen of the Veha bird came steadily into view, searching for insects. Seeing the boy, and how close he was to danger, he dropped back into the grass and disappeared without a rustle in the direction he had come. For a moment or two all was quiet; then the lad espied, making his way through the dry herbage, a gorgeous black and gold beetle. His imagination, fired by the book he had been reading, and always on the look- out for the poetic, pictured him as a knight in black and gold armour, making his way through a dense forest in search of adven- ture. The path was a difficult one, and several times the course he steered led him beside great chasms. In some cases they were of sufficient depth to swallow him up half-a- dozen times over, and in not a few they measured at least 8in. from top to bottom. Leaving the track proper, he branched off to the left, and at this juncture an episode occurred that heightened the make-believe and brought the boy's chin down to the dust, that he might not lose one scrap of what was going forward. On one side of the knight's path was a high rock; to think of climbing it was out of the question; on the other was a yawning precipice, to fall into which would mean but one fate—cer- tain death. The path was scarcely wide enough for one, for two it was impossible. Yet, as the knight passed along it, an enormous spider, of the tarantula breed, climbed down the cliff and blocked his passage. Evidently, thought Claude, this was the guardian of the pass. The knight considered for a moment. To go back would be to own himself a coward, to go forward would mean a desperate battle and possible, if not probable, destruction. The foes on meeting had stopped, and now re- garded each other for upwards of a minute. Then the black knight, without further thought, metaphorically couched his lance, stuck in his spurs, dashed forward, and before a prosaic nineteenth century could have said "Jack Robinson," had grappled with his antagonist. The demon of the pass was not behind him in desire, and for this reason they fought upon the narrow ledge with indomitable courage. The boy watched the combat with all his being, hardly daring to breathe when he saw the valiant knight overhanging the precipice, and feeling as if he must shout his joy aloud when the wicked ogre was compelled to give back a pace against the mountain side. It was a struggle after his own heart, and he was still watching it with minute attention when he heard a rustling in the bushes on the bank above him, and, looking up, saw the face of a young girl smiling down at him. "Loie," he cried in surprise, "I didn't hear you coming." Then, as if by attending to her he might miss some detail of the battle going on before him, he said, "Come down here and look at this fight! It's worth seeing, I can tell you." The girl parted the bushes and did as she was told. She was a pretty little creature, dressed all in white, with a wealth of silken hair hanging down her back and a broad-brimmed straw hat stuck coquet- tishly on the back of her head. "And what mischief are you up to now?" she inquired, as she threw herself down on the sand beside the boy and brought her face to a corresponding level with his. "No mischief," he answered quickly. "But look here. Do you see that knight in there? He's a brave fellow, I can tell you. I call him Sir Lancelot, because of his black and gold armour. When first I saw him he was riding his brave destrier through that forest in search of adventure, but had so far met with none. When, however, he reached this pass the Ogre of the Mountain dashed from his hiding place and blocked his way. He would not yield, of course, and now they are fighting for the path." Side by side, head pressed against head, the boy and girl lay and watched the combat. It was not, however, long before it was decided. The wicked ogre, employing some magic spell for which the other had no anti- dote, wrapped his arms about the valiant knight, and, putting forth an effort, hurled him from the path into the abyss. "Farewell, brave Sir Lancelot," cried the boy, in perfect seriousness, as the beetle disappeared. "You fought a good fight, but the spells of Merlin have proved too strong for you." Rolling over on to his back, he lay there for a moment staring up at the motionless palm fronds above his head, and finally sat up. His companion did the same, and then they looked at each other and laughed. The girl's laugh was something to hear and to remember; it was as unlike the ordinary expression of happiness or amusement as the boy's character was dissimilar to those of the youths in the township round the corner. It seemed to contain the whole essence of raillery with the smallest modi- cum of mirth, and yet, while one was some what bound to participate in it, one could not help feeling that it was not altogether a sincere expression of the author's feel- ings. The owner of this unusual attribute was, as I have said, a beautiful child; among other things she boasted a fine oval face, large expressive eyes, a tiny rosebud mouth, small teeth, even and white as pearls, and last, but not least, a complexion so perfect that it seemed impossible that it could have been subjected to the attacks of fourteen consecutive Pacific summers. She was the daughter and only child of a whisky-drink- ing coffee planter, of Irish extraction and good family, who lived on the other side of Apia, and she had been the boy's constant companion ever since he could remember. To-day he discovered that she was better dressed than he had ever seen her before. She wore, as I have said, a white dress, a large hat trimmed with lace, shoes, which were quite unusual additions to her attire, and stockings of superfine texture and newness. He could not understand it; she saw his bewilderment, and as she did she threw back her head and laughed again. That laugh decided him. "You were always vain, Loie," he said, with the agreeable candour of youth, "and now that you've managed by some means or other to get some fine clothes you've come to show them off and try to make me jealous. But you can't; I'll have quite as good some day, If not better, for all my jacket's so threadbare now." He scrutinised his ragged top garment with an exacting eye, became painfully con- scious of its dirt, tried to remove a portion of it by brushing it with his fingers, and finally, seeing that it was quite impossile to better it, threw himself down again on the sand, and steadfastly took stock of his com- panion. She laughed a little defiantly at his outburst of passion, checked herself as sud- denly, and, changing her tone, said with a petulance that sat very prettily upon her— "I didn't think you would have wanted to quarrel with me on the day that I'm going away, Claude, or I shouldn't have come. You may never see me again, you know." This overture did not have the effect she intended upon the boy, he only said scorn- fully: "You're always talking about going away, but you never go." "Well, we're going this time, sure as gospel," she said. "My uncle in Ireland— the one you know who drank O'Hara's whisky and fought the ghost—is dead; and now my father's rich, and what's more, I'm a lady—Lady Loie Fanchester —and he's the Earl of Kilgovan. I shall go to court and kiss the Queen's hand, and wear the most beautiful dresses in all the world, and never have a thing at all to do but ride in a carriage and enjoy myself from morn- ing till night. There! what do you think of that?" For a moment the boy was too dazed by the brilliant prospect conjured up by her words, and the vague possibility of their being some truth in what she said, to reply. He only wriggled his shapely brown toes into the sand and stared at her. "I don't believe a word of it," he said at last, but with a visible effort. "You imagine such a lot; and you always were such a little liar, Loie!" She laughed and clapped her hands, not in the least abashed by his candid criticism. "It's not a lie this time," she cried, her eyes, sparkling with mischievous mirth. "It's what dad calls God's sober truth. The mail came in this morning and brought a letter for him. When he had read it he had to have three drinks before he could understand it. Then he sent me off to the store to buy whatever I liked; so I bought this dress, and we're going home to England this very afternoon. Though they wanted me to stay and pack my things, I ran away from them all to tell you." By this time he had arrived at the conclu- sion that there was something in what she said. The tangible evidence offered by her gorgeous apparel, combined with her last speech, helped him to a decision. But clever as he undoubtedly was, he was not capable of grasping in an instant all that her going away would mean to him. Loie had been his sole friend and playfellow, the sharer of his ambitions and dreams for as long as he could remember, and now to be told that she was going to leave him in order that she might take her place in a sphere to which it would seem impossible he could ever attain, struck him as not only a great injustice, but in the light of a positive per- sonal injury. "Dad says I shall be the prettiest woman in England, as well as one of the richest," said Loie, brushing her hair back from her face with a gesture more expressive than any words. "You're conceited enough now; you'll be worse then," asserted the other brutally. "If you're going to be rude I shall go away at once, without saying good-bye at all. No, no! This is our last day, so don't be cross, Claude!" "I'm not cross," the boy replied. "But I don't like your going away like this, Loie. Why need you go? I'm sure we're happy enough as we are. I've got heaps of new stories ready to tell you, and I'll write poetry about you as often as you want me to. You know you like that. You'll not find a bathing-place anywhere else to equal Rip- pling Falls, and it's so cold and shivery in England—not warm and comfortable like this. He traced a half-circle in the sand with the toes of his right foot, and sniffed the smell of the dried earth and withered palm leaves that pervaded everything. "You don't suppose I'm never coming back here, do you?" asked the girl indig- nantly. "Why, when I'm tired of England I shall travel about. Besides, I must go, you see, because my father's a Peer, and has to sit in the House of Lords in his robes, with his coronet on his head, like the picture we have in the dining-room at home. I'm going to be a Maid of Honour, and stand on the Queen's right hand." "I wouldn't give a fig for that" answered Claude. "I'm going to be a great author and painter some day, and have everybody buying my books and my pictures. That's a good deal better than being a Peer or a Maid of Honour, I think." "Then we'll be married in Westminster Abbey like the princesses," said the girl, "and be happy ever after. Remember, Claude, you've promised to marry me." "I've not forgotten," answered the boy sturdily. "When I'm a great author I'll be sure to come and claim you. And, Loie —here his voice faltered a little as he real- ised for the first time how near the parting was—mind you never forget me." "I will remember," she whispered, and as she spoke the rich blood of youth mantled her cheek and made her face lovelier than ever. " Now I must be going home. They'll think I'm lost." "I shall come down to the ship and say good-bye," said Claude. "Mind you do, and I'll be on the lookout for you," she cried, and sprang to her feet like a young fawn. Then, with another "good-bye," she parted the bushes and went up the hillside singing, in a voice that was as sweet and true as any blackbird's, the chorus of a drinking song that she had picked up from her father— " Gramachree ma cruiskeen Slainte glad mavourneen, Gramachree ma coolin bawn, bawn, bawn, Oh, Gramachree ma coolin bawn." After she had gone, the boy sat for some time completely absorbed in thought. His world seemed suddenly to have fallen about his ears. Enthusiastically as he had spoken to her of their island home, he was not so bound up in it as to be without some ambi- tion to make the acquaintance of the great world, and now that Loie was leaving it, its beauties seemed to crumble before his eyes, and it became drearier than any desert. Over and over again kind-hearted captains of trading vessels had offered him trips among the islands, and once he had been tempted to venture even as far as San Francisco. But on each occasion, though he had pleaded hard, his father —who, in addi- tion to being as poor as a church mouse and disreputable as an average travelling tinker —was as proud as Lucifer, had forbidden him to take advantage of such kndness. Perhaps because he had never known a better the home in the native hut was not as distasteful as it would otherwise have been. Nevertheless, in his own way he had derived a notion that his father was looked down upon, that in spite of his brilliant education and boasted breeding he was not on a par with the Consuls, the captains of the trading schooners, or the principal storekeepers. He was not by any manner of means an affectionate son, nor could he find in his heart any reverence for the gin-drinking, debased old ruffian who called himself his father, and who lay from morning to night on his mat at the door of the hut spouting Latin and Greek, and trying to induce anyone who would listen to him to believe that once upon a time he really had been what he pretended, an Oxford don. If Loie were going away, why should he not go too? If he did his father would hardly miss him. Me would probably swear very fluently for some minutes, and, when that was safely through, would beat his Samoan wife, quote some lines from an obscene old Latin poet, more or less to the point, and then order more gin, and in absorbing that forget altogether his rebellious offspring. The very thought of such an adventurous undertaking was almost too much for him. But if he did run away, the principal ques- tion to be decided was where to go. Then he remembered that old Captain Bowler, whose schooner, The Morning Glory, plied between Samoa and Sydney, was in harbour, and was due to sail that very day. If he had not already gone, and he could only per- suade him to take him with him, in any capacity, it did not matter what, then his flight would be arranged for him, and he would have started on the ambitious career he had marked out for himself. Once in Australia, he could either remain in one of the big cities or work his way to England, as he pleased. He resolved to see Captain Bowler without delay. As he rose to his feet, a young Samoan, of good birth, hailing from his own village, passed along the beach and accosted him. "Talofa!" cried the new-comer, halting alongside the grove. "Talofa alii!" returned the boy politely. Then gathering from the expression on the other's face that something unpleasant was toward, he questioned him. As a result he learned that his father had been searching for him in all directions in order that he might send him into the township for gin; and not being able to discover him, he was promising him the finest thrashing he could imagine when he should come to hand. This semed a good way out of the difficulty, and so, bidding his friend "farewell," he set off towards Apia on his father's errand. By the time he reached the grog shanty from which he was accustomed to obtain the spirit it was well past mid- day, and at 4 o'clock the mailboat, with Loie on board, was to sail. The bar was crowded, but it was not long before he discovered the man he wanted, seated in a corner with a bottle of lager beer before him. He was a big, burly fellow, with a kindly face, blue eyes, and a beard that reached almost to his belt. He greeted the boy with a friendly nod, and, elephantine facetiousness being the order of the day, inquired how his new book was selling, and when he intended to sail with him. "To-day, if you will take me," replied the youngster quickly. "l'll go aboard this afternoon." The skipper laughed good- humouredly. It was a joke that lost nothing by a pre- tence of seriousness. "That's the sort of talk," he said. "Mind you get your traps aboard early, for we sail at daybreak." "I won't forget," said the boy; and, having achieved his purpose, he bade his friend "good-bye," and with flushed cheeks and sparkling eyes and a couple of bottles of gin under his arm, left the hotel and made his way some to the village, where his father's hut stood. When he reached it he found his paternal parent stretched out on a mat before the door, attired in an old trait of striped py- jamas, and very much the worse for such drink as he had been able to procure. He cursed his son fluently in three languages for a few minutes, and then, his attention being distracted by the sight of the bottles his offspring carried under his arm, forbore to abuse him further. The lad handed them to him with the old tin pannikin from which he usually imbibed his liquor, and then, with the first few sentences of an ode to Bacchus ringing in his ears, went round to the back to obtain some food from his Samoan step- mother. While eating it he sat on the trunk of a fallen free and reviewed his position. The skipper of The Morning Glory had laughingly offered him a chance to leave the island; he had taken him at his word, and intended to stow himself away on board overnight. When they were safely out of sight of land he would make his ap- pearance and claim the hospitality which had been offered to him. He felt compelled to adopt this course, for he knew very well if he were to go on board openly the skipper, in spite of his invitation, would not think twice about putting him ashore again, from a contemplation of his own plans his thoughts passed to his father, who he could hear regaling himself between drinks with thoughts of bygone glories and excesses. A shiver of disgust passed over the son, which was more an innate distaste for the vulgar than any personal dislike to his sire. The mailboat that was to convey Loie from Samoa was advertised to sail at 4 o'clock, and at halfpast 3 Claude was on the beach en- deavouring to persuade some natives of his acquaintance to row him out to her. If the morning had been hot, the after- noon was stifling. The surface of the lagoon gleamed like molten silver, and when he came alongside the great vessel her plates were so hot that he could hardly bear to touch them. However, he clam- bered aboard, and found Loie, true to her promise, on the outlook for him, tricked out in all her finery. Her father was in the smoking-room on the hurricane-deck, surrounded by the principal inhabitants of the beach, treating all present to cham- pagne, and commenting enthusiastically on the change of fortune which had come to him. Now that the actual moment of parting from his old playfellow had arrived, and he realised that it was no longer possible to prevent it, a desire to express his real feel- ings took possession of the boy. But an unaccustomed nervousness was upon him, and, try how he would to make it, his tongue would not utter the words that were in his heart. And every moment the time permitted him was growing shorter. Al- ready the passengers were saying their last "good-byes," the shore boats were pushing off from the ship's side, and the officers and crew were commencing their opera- tions for getting the anchor aboard. In despair Claude turned to the girl beside him. "Loie," he whispered, "you will not for- get?" "Forget what?" asked the girl, with un- usual humility. "That when I become a great author you are to marry me," replied the boy. "No! I will not forget," answered Loie; "but, oh, Claude, don't be long!" "I won't be long," the lad answered con- fidently. "I have made one step to-day to- wards it." "What do you mean?" "Why that"—here he bent his head down and whispered in her ear—" that without you here I cannot live in Upolu. Loie, I am go- ing to run away." However serious the situation may have been, she only clapped her hands and laughed. "Going to run away from Apia, Claude? Why, what a funny boy you are, to be sure. Where will you go to?" This was not the sort of reception he had hoped his news would receive, and she saw that he was hurt by her ridicule. With quick womanly tact she turned to a side issue. "If you are going to run away you must come to England, and then we may be friends again. Oh, that will be nice!" "Friends! Loie," he said, with a gravity beyond his years. "We are going to be more than that. lam going to come home and make my name, and then we're going to be married and live happily ever after- wards. As he spoke he shuddered, though he could not tell why. "I feel cold," she said, almost at the same moment, "and yet it's such a hot day." At the same instant the whistle sounded for shore folk to leave the ship. Claude leant forward and placed his arm round her waist. For the first time in his life his lips touched her cheek. "Good bye, Loie," he whispered; "darling Loie, good-bye." "Good-bye," she faltered, with drooping eyes. Then, as if an afterthought had struck her, she added, "Remember, Claude, we're to be married, and you're never to love anyone else in the whole world." "I will never love anyone but you, Loie, darling," he said, and clambering over the side dropped into the boat which his native friends had kept waiting alongside for him. Half-an-hour later the steamer was a tiny speck on the horizon, and Loie had gone out into the great world into which he was soon to follow her. By 8 o'clock he had collected his greatest treasures and his meagre wardrobe, and was on board Captain Bowler's schooner, The Morning Glory, stowed away in a safe hiding place. His presence on board was not dis- covered until the vessel had been nearly twelve hours at sea. Then he made his ap- pearance on deck, and claimed the hospitality the skipper had so effusively offered him the previous day. A stormy five minutes was the result, but as it was quite impossible to put him ashore, and Captain Bowler was forced to remember that he had been the first to proffer the invitation, the best had to be made of a bad bargain, and the boy was ac- cordingly carried on to Sydney. When he left the vessel and found himself standing on Circular Quay, with the hum of the city in his ears and not a friend in the place, the great ocean-going boats about him, and only five shillings in his pocket, he began to realise that his acquaintance with the outside world had indeed commenced. (To be continued.) 