Itye the Hermit. OMAPriK urn. : 1 Meg M»u»«8j ia tviisioe, 'no one oao g«ima.T tVs',1 ha taid. ' A staok pig lisa tnoro i«»gi»ati»i. K Heg Uounsny law 1 beglp, wky, air, tbe boj^le must bftve been thoro.' 'Dremed like s ?ivalier, yon Biy, with light plnmfB i« its kat, sod a abort oloik ? 'Til a htrit^ge Bt»ry I I tata a mind to look into tbii mtt'er. If I rauseaDer right there is abme idle tala ia tha io«otry-side abuot one oi the Kadcliffss t^»t was killed in tho civil war una baa txn iimaa walked. We will set a few foMc t* let* far tbia discarber of the peace, and if ;'?? -ae it again, T:m, let me ko»w with all tpeii,' 1 Zioaftle, if I aaiatabe not, yooder oome'a year ftmiM lb» I'tuniUtg ; fcave the good Deis to. aak aiaa ta atap toresg here and speak to me.' ZUa-)cl«, iawirilj ragitg at tha Under SbetiaT'a ridaaiai'^alawly approaobed Micbscl, 1 Oar aaak-ra-aaaa Ut«ar-8bflriff dcairea apeeab with ye,' ha ani'. - Aud, for the lova al tea «? Uka kira «»wn a peff or two ; aptak ta kin la lW« latCB'. faagled London. faahioB. Miohaol langkeal at the aid anan'a oomioal ezpreaaieai, and in trath there was a new dig nity 'in kia aiaiaar be'rh of aeli-reatraint, aod a oortaia aiaaielasg ease of hearing pained by mixinp asara with bia fellow meo. Henry greeted kiaa ia kia bbobI pa'.renittcg toco, but fell tbat he no laager h»i the power to gall his aUfsekftd-fsllew. ' Tbera is a atraage atory afoot to-day about the florrawdalr Bagls,' as said, wLen the sitlotatisRa'were »t-t. - Have yoa[er»r board rf it ? Aa a ra'-ire »( Barrowriale you oagbt to know, the truth of moll things.' ' Ob.'ssiri Miahaal, laaghiag, - Ilmvo board that old wife's tale msny a time, but I never put soy faitb ia il.' 1 What fcrsa ia it mppneed to take? ' ' Why,. the farm oi the yoang kioamao of old Bir Edward Sadeliffa, who garrieoDod Lorii'a laiani ia tbe tiril war. 'Tis true enough, I »e!ievp, that he was killed ia a duel ob the shores of Derweotwstor, some whero bat woea Lard's Island and' Lowdoro, and of eourao tha daleifolk say that he walka.' 1 Ysn noier by a ay ohanae saw him ? ' said Henry Broirnriir?, with 11 nearchiofr look. 1 Nawer,' u\i Mitlmel; 'nor do I expeot ever lo are h'aa,' ' Yat here is Tiaa GriBodnle ready to take an oath that both he anal Meg; Uounaey . ol Lsordor^ eo» the {boat last nighi, or ra'har .before Jawa ikia «*raiag,' ?Meg M»«D-ey 1 ' triaa Uiakael, bora'io^ into a hearty lingb. - Well, that passed all bolied If M«g ItKaaaty takas to' ghost seeing I aktil hate ta believe in them, for a moromainr-af-faefekody i»BB»'taxiat. Barely 'tHsBBBwstliiiij of a lolii) oorporosl nature that she a»w, a white horn maybe or a stray con ? ' ' 1 Well, tbay deaeribed the ghost as ia cava lier dreai, with light plumes ia his hat,'. said tbe Ukiitf-lberitT. ' 'Tis a v*ry odd tale. If 'Audrey bad seen it I shoald nob hare been surprised, for ahe ia ant ef haaith and broods 00 moo* »rer k«r matkat'i aleatb ,' moreover she haa iaaaginatica, anal aa yon will remem ber fancies' ahe law a vision at Carlotoo Manor laai yaar.' . 'T»a,' aaid Mialaaal. ' I ooold never an dooataaa tbat, story ; it waa ana of the thir.ga wbioh na cue eaalsl expltio. Perhaps after' ell, in oortaia atatea af mind and body, the spirit warld aia aaake itself visible lo us. I have tie kullaf ia this ailly tale of the Barrow Halo Bcglt, yet laatfeta to a eooakinp; be lief id x*tk apnravsafal return ai tbat of the return af tka fhaat in Homlc1, This ia bud oerrs na ta Ika ilofcat off Benoluy Hoad. I hod heard H*ihiag af it till this morning. How diitrietaal tbo ^aaan will be. Is there no news fraaa IraUaa?' 'Nub* as yet,' said Henry Brown rigg. 'Things lo«k bUok fnr tha future, Did yoa hoir ni.ytMfHf.ktfoi'8 you 'ol' 'L'oiidon of the Jnoobits j»l»ttiEj:»?' ? 1 Oil ! 'icrt wai muoh t-lk ubout them,' is'aid Miehad, w'uh some hesitation Whiob did no' oieapo the keen .and observant Uoder Sheriff. 'JBm aa'«r«!lr y»o Mid not hear anything but- runmira ' Y#o did not h«ppt-n to hoobm* , stajatiited with any of these plotter* T ' ' ' '.'? ! ? ? :? vMioba'cl knd a ahrtwd inapioiou UiBi Mr. Oalverlay , waa aaaVfailed ia tbo Jeoobi p ?-'ftl6i, bas'ka' was 'iot 'iioalerl ?Vb'-say'iV6 to Henry.. Braw«rifg. .'..,. '..:'', ! ' I kB« lit* lo lisa* (or tukiij; acqunititanop of ttuy ner^V'ke repjieak'nvaiivalr. '.Aprivatp feorotary has'ts ba at'tha bick ao-i call of bis manor, Andihougli Sir Wilfrid Linnon is, aB yon k*»w, th'e'moit ebni«iriernteof men; this legal ItnaineBS. el. his gave one , plenty to do'.' ' ' '? ' . !...'.'. ' ..' '' ' ' '* j ? ?With -that 'he roisei his bat. and b»de- the Ufa'do'r Bhffi'ff (Vnd day, leaving him in some .'perplexity. *' V, ' ? ?' ' t ??''?'-,??''?; ! '? I w*«U f ire ranrfc to. kn.tiw whether that fellow is is Isatc* wlib 'be prieat,' ho tc fleoted. - TVsr« naisi g'ttihKiBnyihing any ihiDg »Ht af hfari'*ta-a!ay ;yet'I- am inolinod to fancy tkat he -kaaws something of Mr: '*3oIjo R&acllffn; alias Jitnis OatVeWey..!I'aball, 'Ro'iii far'a littla 'f'b'est stalking f ir-the- next w««k ar tw», a»J»«« if 1 oin't get hold' of onr faa;itivt. M»»»i»t Ibb miller will make s good aatral^'iVa1' I'll brio); over Matt Bnrt»tt trim' Jdiilhaok— ha i» a wary fellow and kas ik« *ya »f abawk. If we oan aaly Kot hoU af Jtka*.Ee«eliffi-, it mill suit my trame aAmWMy, ana iboulri it obanee ;thai Dorwonti»:r«fx»il np'in ihoBffair^nby, all tlm belter, for I ba'e the fellow and ewe him a grudge.' ? ? ? -?.?'?' ?;':.?? ' Aoalrsjpai* the. penally ql her- eaoapade by bciaj proatra?eii;*be tipx- day by a violent attaob «f nsrvpus huodschp, called in those dnya bb attack af the raegrim, and was still too poorly e'rJ the' Sdnday-te go aa usual to the eburoh of B'.'KeBtigarn at Oroaihwate. Porhapa tbr: Wai not sorry 10 remain at'home f-ir it dofi-rred her. moeticfr wi'h Henry, and Hjmohow Bhfl rtro«'1»rl thin, foiling that ho might aak tome nrnn9wcrabi« qnestion, or tbat ahe Might by tome Ii9»ii»llon of manner lie(r«y tte secret that bad beon entrnsted to hen1 ' n.. ' ' 'Fur.unatnly lor hor tie TJnd-r Sheriff hsppoood to be uDnaually buny, aud it was no I until the afl'eropon pf Tuontiaj -tbat bo was 'able to visit Lird'a -Is'.and again. AaJu-y wia'sitiing in the orchard, in ono of lioi TaVoQrile nooks nnder the apple tree* that prew near the wivter'« edfle on tbe'ioBth end of 1 ho island; 8Le oame swiftly forward to greet her lovrr, furnot'ting for a moment all that bad bappenod in the ploaiure of hit approach. What were Jacobite plots, or religious i'iff«rcncoi) or fugitive great-nnoles -when love.wsa in queation ? , '?. , ' For n 'irae her tender' womanliness called but all that wan best in Henry Brownrif -j ; ho forgot bia schemes and bis nordid bard hearted plar.a for tho future ; juit for a little wbilebebeostne what she dreamt him to bp, singletioaried, generons and devoteri. 1 1 was sorry,' be bbH, ' to have to seatoV «bo houae the other night. I hope, dear hoart, you did not lake it amipa ?' ' Why, m.'ml.i Audrey. 'Yonhadloiio yoni doty, and I know yoa bear do ill-will to my grandfather.' ' Indeed T do nn*(' hi' »«ld. ' Evryonf respeoti 8ir Nicholas. Bu! his hfotfior ii a very different man, a dongeroua plotter, a bard-bearted b^fi?o^1 one that would rel'en' lessly peraeoate all who wero not of bia faith, ahonld bis party ever return to power. ?But surely it never oan return?' said Audrey, eagerly. 'Iadee3,: them ia prievnu« fear that it may,' said tbe Urda'r-Bboriflf ; and he tpoke truiy enough, for npTBr lud England been in snob j-iopsrrly al rinrin? thone Bnramor dayn. 1 Hero ia tho Bneliab float disgracefully bctiien, and ihe FrpnoH fleet in unopposed poesestinn of tl-- Channel, likely to swoop down at any time and harry onr coasts. And thore is this aooursed Jacobite plot, showing grievous disaemion in the oountry; and, worst of all, an exp eie has just arrived with uewi that King William has boon woundad ?n Ireland on tho banks of the Bovbo.' Audrey's eyes filled with tears ;' it was not only that tha denperata condition of tlie oouptry troubled her, but tbat tbe miserable position aim found heraelf in sooraod all at onoe to grow intolerable. Was sh?, whoBe aympathfea were all with King William atd Qucod Mary, and the oan«o they bad oowe to defend, tn be called upon to travp oror thf- foils bearing to tha fugitive the nnvrs lei 'Mild gloat' ovar of the Icing's wjunj ? ' ' Don't frot over the disaater,' said Henry Brown rig fr.pntUng; Ms «rm ronnd bar, 'A wound In tho shoulder from a ball is n dat - enrouB ibiogr, and tbe Kine'a oonstitntion ia sic'tly, yi t wn may at lonnt liopo tbnt bis lile will ho aptred. Aod should the. worst happen and Kiutr Jam or and his tyranny be hroaght bnok to tbia land, why, I think Bir Nicholas Rvdcliffe will do his utmost to provont any ovil oomincp on Inn crrandn'Bueuler'8,!in!-l-anil,' Ho s'onpod nnd kissed her band, and Alt— HreyVspirits rovivod n litilv, as aho rcm?ni bared tbat Unolo Rarloliffe had himself spoken nomewhnt similar words as . they olimbed the fella tn the dark, and had ro— m'tiilnd hor that elio was after all tarviDg her lover. ' Still thoro rumained wiih her tho heavy ?anon that a concealment waebeinc; practised, an. onAvoidvhlp oonoralment, - but one lbs* wns novortbolesa hsieful to her; whilo Henry Brownrigg nUo felt somewhat'bam pored by. his detorminition to eay nothing to her as to the story of tbo Borrowdale Bogle, .and bin luapioions and prooaudons with rc gui to it. To be obnliunad, 