LITTiiE NO. 2. liT was said liy Cassandra's, ialitudles j'jjljl that sho had two manias — ' tho edu- Si cation of Childrch.' and contempt Iforwhat site was pleased' to term generally I' the supnrnatural. I Her children, three little girls with blue Ryes and fiuxen hair in pigtails, aged re pectively eight, nine, and ten, were in lie : case ol Nos. 1 and 3 normal, healthy J infants who accepted Iter theories and gave Rier no trouble. The second was a nervous excitable creature, who required treatment" niametricnlly opposed lo that which Cass- 1 hiidrr had laid down forher, own guidance. ' .Jack Silvertop, the husband.of Oussan- Hra, ventured to remonstrate with her; put his remarks were badly received, find, as lie was a genial, careless individual iyho admired, bis wife enormously and fas guided by her in nil things, he cor. - panted himself -with occasionally taking Kiittle more notice of his small daughter flier, her mother's back was. turned, but therwise leaving her to iter fate. I|Z Mrs. Silvertop conceived that fortune tsd treated her scurvily in the matter of Klberta. Why her two other daughters, Emifcin, oommonly known as Letty and slimilrl linvp Itppn sn pniitiunilv satisfactory, and her second daughter so Bainful a thorn in her side, she did not now. .Alberta sometimes made her buht tho infallibility of her theories, which aggravated her iutinsely. ly ' The child is a hyper nervous subject, lay dear lady,' the family "doctor assured cr. 'She requires careful haudling, riving with the snaffle, not ou the curb.' I ' Nonsense, Doctor ! I ought to know liy own children,' Mrs. Silvertop replied jipatiemly. On the occasion of this loHoquy Alberta had been put to sleep By: herself in a dark room, and had sobbed erself into a kind of fit, to the indigna- on of her handsome, upstanding sensible Kother, who had never lincl a nerve or a Hitch of hysteria in her life. The mother and the man of medicine ere standing together in the cheerful ay, nursery. Indications of Mrs Silver- l>p's theories were scattered about the Horn — dumb-bells, and clubs, and such- ko. The precise little doctor in broad- oth looked from the hard, handsome face, fte faultlessly tailored, collared and Kirted foim of i he mother to the flushed- Kshevelled child, tossing in its' little bed Ii the night nursery, and 'then he said' Bravely : ' If you are not very careful of that Biild she may have a brain fever, and I ion Id not like to answer for the conse- Btences. A delicate,' overstrung organisa- on.' I How en earth that woman eyer came. I) have a child like Little Miss No. 2 is what puzzles me,' the Doctor said to liim- Blf as lie climbed into his gig. ' Ah, Baptain Silver top, good morning to you 1 have just been to pay your little girl n sit, and I have given your wifo a word (.warning.' L-uptain jacK onvertop looaea uncom- Brtablr. I ' She's a bit inclined to be hard on the B)or little beggar ; the child is' tiresome Td puling and all that, you know— does Ktanswer to her a bit.' 'The child is beiug. managed nn a rong system,' said the Doctor, stoutly. I/Jack Silvertop took his cigar from his Ks-and stared at him. ;' My wife is educating her on precisely e 8ame lines as our other two daughters,' I) said. ' Oh, Miss Lntty and Dolly are nico BIl- girls, jolly little Welsh ponies, ray Bar sir ; but your second daughter is like thoroughbred. You'll pardon my stable n'guage, I ant adopting your similes.' I Ciptain Silvertop looked after the Wlage j®soulapiu3, as he howled away in smart little gig, and tlmn -he joined his Kre, who was marking out the tennis- Burt, her daughters, Letty" and Dolly, B>th the picture of liealtb. and good BfFfvs; in attendance. B ' Old Jullop has been here.. He is a ly old fool ; getting, into his dotage, I ink,' said Mrs Silvertop, viciously. I Seems rather upset about Bertie,' said BiptainSilvprtop, -doubtfully. I ' Rather upset ' exclaimed his wife ; K wonder he wasn't rather shocked by Hch an exhibition. The child had liter- ly cried herself into convulsions from ge,. sheer rage.' B.' By Jove ! ' ejaculated her husband, ily -in, pressed. I ' For nothing on earth,' continued his life, 'but because nurse told me that llberta was afraid of and declared Bat nothing would induce her to sleep' in e room in tlie west wing, some idiot ving said before the child that the west trig was haunted ! Such folly ! Natur- ly,- 1 needn't say that into the west wing Iberia went, and, instead of going To ;ep like a sensible oliild, site shrieked the rase down, and came flying down the airense in her night-gown. Of course I nply carried the child back and locked s r-in. What she did all night I dou't ow ; hut this morning, when I went to viler out, sbu had shrieked into a kind /-fit, and I thought it better to send for Bor.old Jullop. You were lucky to be Bt of the way. I assure you I was quite Bjru. out.' I Captain Silvertop looked grave. The Icture of his little daughter locked shriek- Bg-into the west wing rather upset him, Hfc.he did not dare to contradict Oas- Bldra. ' Does Jnllop say the child, may got up day 1 ' he asked. l';Ob, yes, he says she is to havje port no. and beef tea and sit in tlio garden, Id do ho lessons for a week, little nnibug ! ' . '/Poor little beggar,' ejaculated Captain Ver.top', "as he strolled uway. ' I wish ujwould try to be gentler with the child, ffondrn.' Mrs Silvertop was not a sweet- tempered Bmpju, "and site was already irritated fen her husband's remark caused Iter Bntlt to blaze forth. ' That child,' she muttered to herself, . ' is the plague of my life. . . I wish she had . never been born,' ' A few moments later Alberta — a very I white and feeble Alberto, with great rings I round her hollow' eyes, and a pinched look. about her sad young mouth — appeared on tlie scene. The child Was dimly conscious of having done something wrong. The fact I that she had been frightened was no excuse for screnming, site know. So she \- approached Cassandra deprecatingly, and sm'd, I- 'I an, very sorry, mother.' | Exactly for what she wits sorry she did I not know,- but she was aware that this was , 'the- formula, and she felt so very weak about the knees, so crushed and feeble, that she vaguely supposed that it must be sorrow that weighed down her, childish spiri'. Cassandra prided herself on her btrict sense of justice and impartiality, -and she therefore accepted Iter daughter's apology with a certain amount .of graciousness, offering a smooth, cool cheek to lie kissed, and shaking hands in n ntatily fashion, with a sort of ' Don't let it occur again ' manner which was rather disconcerting. The child sat wearily down on a garden bench, and looked over the sea Bhimniering in the distance. The Silvertops had bought an-old manor-house for health's sake, aud hilwj sY DrU tlv >V CtlUgCll III llll > llt LOl tUtll improvements made, an additional room- was being added, and there were workmen in the house. The tap, tap of the work men's hammers could be heard in the dis tance. - 'Can you give me a sovereign, Cas. 1' called out the voice of Oaptain Silvertop from bis study. 'Bun up to my room,' said Mrs. Silver- top, addressing her small daughter. 1 You will find a sovereign in my purse on the dressing-table.' The child departed, and came bask in a few minutes, with a troubled expression ou her face. ' Here is the purse, mother, but there i& nothing in it.' Mrs. Silvertop snatched it from her daughter's hand. The purse was certainly empty. Furiously she turned upon the child. 'You little thief !' she blazed forth. Alberta looked at her, scarcely realising the significance of the words. 'Give me that sovereign at once,' con tinued Mrs. Silvertop, roughly shaking the chilid. And plunging her hand into the pocket of Alberta's serge skirt, she drew forth, amongst other miscellaneous treasures, a sovereign. The child, white and trembling, protested in vain, but there was the unmistakable evidence. Captain Silvertop, who came to see what was the matter, elicited from her that she had not touched her mother's money, and that the sovereign found in her pocket was one he .had given her himself at Christmas. The child being generous and "open-handed, and the month being July, this story was naturally discredited. The- servants and the workmen were questioned. No one hut Alberta had known of the existence of the sovereign. ' You are a liar as well as a thief, said' Mrs. Sil veri op eol d I y, addressing . t he no w' sobbing child. ' I do not wish to see you again until you have confessed. Nurse will tell me if you do so. Until then you shall not see either. your sisters or me.' Oassandra would have liked, from sheer force of conviction, to add the additional punishment of the West wing tothechi'd's sufferings,- but, -lightly as she regarded Dr. Jallnp, she had riot quite tlie courage to gosofaras this. So the small person, forlornly sobbing, . was . borno away by :Nurse,.a stalwart individual, who admired her mist ress and walked conscientiously in her footsteps. Captain Silvertop. surreptitiously paying a visit to the nursery later, it) the evening, found his little daughterin a high fever, and as she clutched nervously at theOiands of that kind-hearted but . weak-minded individual she reiterated ; ' 01), -I did not do it, father ! I did not do it. I did not, indeed.' ' I really think, Cassandra," that yon should givo the. child tho benefit of the doubt,' said Captain Silvertop to his wife, 'she has made herself quite ill ' 'Please allow me to manage my children my own -way,' replied Mrs. Silvertop, smoothing an imaginary . wrinkle in her perfectly fitting coat. ' The poor little beggar is quite hysteri cal,' ventured her husband. ' Look here, Jack, if any one' mentions the word hysteria to me in connection with Alberta again, I shall beat her.' 'You won't do that,' said, her husband sturdily, 'I don't approve of girls being beaten.' Mrs. Silvertop flushed,; and iter mouth tightened. She was riot a cruel, woman, only obstinate, and full of theories, and entirely without sympathy 'for' nerves and sucli minor ills of life. And yet it fejl out that, "as a sequel to this conversation, Alberta, who proved stubborn beyond what could be. endured with - human patience, and- who instead of confessing" her guilt, .niulishly asserted, her inno cence, was beaten before- the night closed — not severely — , merely half-a-dozen smart outs with Mrs. Silvertop's riding- whip, licit enough to vindicate the mother's principles; A" few hours. after tho whole household waB in confusion, for Albprta was.missing. Inquiries were made after her' in all directions, hut without success. In the end a closer search of the premises led to the discovery of the poor little thing's body in.- the pond at the bottom of the garden. .There seemed to lie little room for doubt that Alberta had drowned her self. What Oassandra went through that night nobody but herself ever knew. She clasped the little inanimate body, to her breast ; she spent/hours in desperate and futile attempts to restore:animation,. even Rafter the solemn-faced doctor had ussured her that the child had been for hours be yond human help. - In the end, when her husband vainly endeavoured to lead lier away, shS locked herself in the room with her dead, and spent the rest of the night in an agony of grief and remorse. For the first time in her. life' Cassandra knew j what it was. to feel the grip of hysteria «l j one's throat. But in. the end her strong I Will- conquered. She rejoined the family | nt breakfast, calm, but with an ashen face. She far.ed without flinching.! he subsequent ordeal of the inquest; where Dr. Jollop's evidence went to show that his advice lmd been disregarded, and wliere tlie wretched mother had lo eoufess that she had beaten : a, child whoa f«w hours-. before hud hud " a. sort of fit" as the result of solitary confinement in a dark room. f'The child, had told a lie and cornmitted theft," she forced her white lipsTo say, in defence: of her principles. She trembled -visibly, when her husband broke down and cried like a schoolboy in giving his nyidence ; hut she bore without _ flinching the "severe censure" which. the crowd outside the court, and ihn. subsequent dinirihes directed against, her. in tho Press. Only, from hpr absolute silence under it nil. could those who knew her best tell'how deeply -the punishment had sunk into Cassandra's soul.' It was same months after these qvente when an old brother officer of Captain Silvertop's came to stay at the. Manor House. He arrivpd in the evening and was introduced to tho two little girls Letty aud Dolly at breakfaei. A little' later in tlie (lay lie was wrttnig tetters in the smoking-room— the same room which- had been in course of connection a few months before— when he noticed atnnh-r little girl, whom he had not seen-with tin- others. The child came up to the table, and fixed great mournful eyes, without speaking, upon his facp. ' Hullo, little 'un ! I didn't .know you- existed,' he said pleasantly. 'I thought Dad only had two children.' The child made no answer. It walked to the wall and pointed with its finger to a spot in the paper. Major Marter jumped up. v ' Why, there's nothing,' he said cheer fully. 1 What is the matter, little 'un V But, as he was speaking, the child, to his bewilderment, seemed to disappear under his very eyes. . ' Good Lord, that's queer !' he muttered. ' I'm broad' awake and the room is full of daylight. I must ask Jack about this.' ' Have you by any '.ch'ance a third daughter hidden away anywhere 1' he. asked his host that evening .over their cigars. ' Hush, for God's sake, hush,' whispered Captain Silvertop, glancing nervously at his wife. But Mrs: Silvertop had heard. ' We had another daughter. She died a year ago,' she answered, briefly. Major Marter felt a shiver run down his back. Could it be, he asked himself, that he had come into a haunted house 1 He decided that he would tell Jack what he had seen when Mrs. Silvertop had gone to bed ' He told him, and was astonished to find that "his host had had the same experience, and identified the apparition - as that of the dead child. 1 1 daren't tell my wife. She would go inad,.I think,' Jack Silvertop said, des- np.»n.f.ft1v 'Ynn flnn'f. Irnnw \vlin.t. n. sf.innrr r — J- " — — — - — © fre'ing she has about people who believe in ghosts.' I can't tell you the whole story now ; but it was an awful tragedy, and ever since the child haunts this room. I've seen her over and over again.' ' You've seen her over and over again,' said a voice behind them, 'and Mrs. Silvertop, who had stolen back, stood in the room. .'Jack, why did you not tell rae this before 1 I have seen her myself _ —and I took it for a sign that I was going mad.' ' You have seen her ! ' exclaimed the husband. ''.When — where?' ' Here, in this room — twice, when I have beeu here alone. I dare not eo'tne here now by myself." Cassandra's face was pale, her eyes wild, and she spoke in a nervous, hurried whisper, so unlike the voice of the. , real Cassandra, that her- husband was more frightened as he looked at her than lie had ever been by his child's ghost. She appeared to me here in the middle of the room,' continued the unhappy woman. ' Then she glided to the wall — here — pointed to this spot— and disap peared.' ' Good God, that is just what- 1- have seen her do,!. said the husband. " 'And I— only this morning,' added Major Minrter. Mrs Silvertop-lodked froin. one/to tlie other. 'Jack,' she cried, ' there must be some thing there— something the, child wants us to do.' , " Jack Silvertop snatched up a clasp knife from the table and attacked the spot on the wall. In a moment the paper was stripped off. With it came away a bit. of plaster, and behind, embedded in the wall was a sovereign. How the sovereign got there was never definitely proved, but it was not difficult to conjecture. One of the plasterers at work in tho house at the moment, had probably stolen it, concealed it tempor arily for some reason in the plaster, and had either forgotten tlie spot or failed to finely an opportunity of returning for his . booty. At any rate, from the hour that sovereign was found the phantom of Alberta was no more seen at the Manor House ; and no one doubted that the coin, found in the wall was the one which the dead child had been wrongly accused of stealing. Cassandra rarely smiles. She is a nervous, excitable woman, and terribly anxious about her large and- bouncing girls, who are capital young" women, never sick or sorry and who think mamma fusses over. them ridiculously. But t-liey make excuses for her, ' Because one of us, you know, Little No. 2, was so delicate, and died, and Mother novel- quite got over it.' 