PERSONAL AND SOCIAL. J. L. Sherlaw leaves for Bonnie Scot land in a few days. Mme. Melba keeps down her weight by taking three cold baths a day. W. E. Gladstone is a baker at Northam, and several hotels in -the same district are kept by gentlemen of the name of Ser- mon. i be irony ot names ! The Archbishop of Canterbury has in his keeping the book in which the signa tures of all Royal brides and bridegrooms married m England are written. Mr. Broadhurst, M.P., has the loudest voice m the House of Commons, and it is frequently heard in the smoking-room, where he is a conspicuous figure. Railway Manager Davies has gone for a round trip of the Eastern colonies. It is to be hoped he will return with some new ideas of railway management. J. K. Weir, acting forA.E. Morgans, reported on the Phillips River district coal capabilities. Somebody asks what aoes rnr. weir know about coal country. Joseph H. Choate, America's new am bassador to England, says lie owes his success as a lawyer to the fact that he never neglected a case, no matter how unimportant it was. Another Perth idol has fallen. That gorgeous pers >n J. O. Hills (erstwhile right hand man of the mighty H. J. Saunders of Lady Shenton mine notoriety), has called a meeting of his- creditors. W ho comes next ? Mr. Sidney Cooper, the veteran painter or animals, developed his wonderful ability whilst quite a boy. When at school he used to get his sums done for him in return for sketching a horse or drawing a bird perched on the bough of a tree. « The nobility got badly left in the .recent elections to the Irish county coun cils. To wit: The Right Hon. Bruen, for 23 years M.P. for Carlow, and Sir Thomas Butler, of the same place, were beaten by common farm laborers; while Lord Inchiquin, Lord Mayo, and Lord Longford were also badly beaten by un known men. " Mr. F. W. Moorhead, the brainy Perth barrister, promises to do as good legal work for the Peak Hill men as he did for the boys of the Ivanhoe "Venture. Moorhead's law is so deadly sure teat even the judges begin to get afraid of him. Pity he is an almost hopeless mviuiu. jLiie democratic party, it it possesses wisdom or gratitude, will find Moorhead a seat in the next Parliament. One of President Kruger's onerous duties consists of receiving any of his people who may desire to see him. This, being tee case, he has made it a rule to devote a portion of each day to waiting at a table in his extensive garden, where he, with his accustomed suavity of mari ner, receives his guests. It is also his habit, while giving advice, to regale his visitors with a cup of coffee ; for this purpose he receives a " coffee allowance " of £800 £ year. Mr. Kyrle Bellew, one of the most popular jeiine premieres of the English stage, was originally destined for the army, but his preference for the sea led him to to' tee other arm of the service. Then he had a spell in a shipbroker's office but took a strong dislike to office work, and soon went to sea again. On his return he conceived the idea of going on the stage, but his father positively forbade it, and he went to Australia. Here he tried lecturing, commerce, gold- disrgmg, and journalistic work, ana in 1875, on the death of his father, returned to England, and very shortly afterwards made his first appearance on the stage at Brighton. . Since then fortune has smiled on him, and in Britain, America, and Aus tralia he has won laurels as an.ideal stage lover. The Czar of Russia is extremely ner vous.- It is hardly to be wondered at when one comes to realise what it means to live in a state of perpetual fear that every moment, may be your last, and when every fresh anarchist outrage re- minds.you that you may yourself be the next victim. When the Czar visited India Borne few years ago, the weak state of his nervous system was observed on several occasions. One of these was. at a nautch given in his honor by a native prince. When the attention of eyeryone present was fixed on the dancer, a young English officer suddenly clapped his hands not far from the royal guest. The effect was startling. The young prince sprang from his chair with a shout of terror, and would not believe at first "that the noise had not been caused' by the bursting of a bomb intended to destroy him. " - Lady Salomons, wife of the New South Wales Agent - General, has had her brother, Alfred Stern, who is worth three millions, son of the late Baron Stern, declared incapable of looking after him self or managing his affjiirs. A jury has so pronouriced. Mr. Stern, it was shown, attempted to force his way into Marl borough House, one of his hallucinations being that he is the Prince of Wales. He insisted upon Demg addressed as Royal Highness," and he doubted the relation ship to him of his mother and sisters. When he drank a bottle of wine at dinner he immediately flung the empty bottle through the window. When strangers approached him he would cover his head with a towel or newspaper, and tee only explanation he gave why he did so was " Kinkelinky." Several times in the course of a week he would violently, clap his hands for half an hour at a time. This, he stated, was in order to summon tee ghosts of Wellington and Napoleon. Our Coolgardie correspondent writes :— Mr. R..M. Raymond returned to Cool gardie on Tuesday. Mr. C. G. Lydiard, of Bayley's United mine, has returned to the fields froiri the East. ...... Mrs. Finnerty has been suffering fi-om a slight attack of typhoid, but is ifow convalescent. . M p. T. B. Birkbeck, tee consulting engineer for the Bellevue mine, has gone to Perth for a short visit. . The Violet Quadrille Club held their fortnightly dance in the Mechanics' In stitute on Monday evening. The music was supplied by Mr. W. Harisen, and the dance was most enjoyable. The popular concert at tee Exhibition on Wednesday evening was very well attended. Mr. Harry Fletcher sang as well as usual the solos, " The Pilgrim of Love " and " The Star of Bethlehem." Miss Alice St. John rendered "Dear Heart" and " Fallen by the Wayside." The recent dance in aid of tee funds ..of the Mechanics' Institute resulted in a profit of £56. This very good result is principally due to the efforts of the ladies committee, and the committee of tee institute has passed a vote of thanks to the ladies, as well as to all the others who assisted in making tee dance such a good one. The dances under the direction of the committee of the Coolgardie. Cinderella will be continued this season. The com mittee includes the following gentle men Messrs. Armytage, Housten, Gill, Davidson, and Hack, with Mr. Gepp as honorary secretary pro lem. The first dance will take place in tee Mechanics' Institute on Friday, 16th June. The performance of "Utopia," an amusing musical comedy, and an exhibi- .tion of dancing by Miss Jerger's pupils, took place on Wednesday evening, in the Cremorne Theatre, before a large audi ence. "Utopia" is a gay and sparkling kind of comedy, pretty well all dancing ; but, as the dancing was really good,it proved highly successful, and MissJerger is to be congratulated on the achieve ments of her pupils.i 