An Indian Ghost Story. Mb. F. H. Skiune toils a strango story in tbo Calcutta " National Magazine " of what happonod to him when ongaged in census operations in tbo " Jungiporo district of Hongal. Ho was spending tho night as a guost of an -indigo manufaoturer and his wifo, both'Frenoh. " I was awakoncd in tho doad of night," says tho writor, " and sat up, trembling with tbo terror which comos onco or twico in a lifetime from tho approach of tho un known. A ohild's voico camo from without. In tonos of agony it shrieked, - ' Mamma 1 Ayah I' I sprang through tho opou French window into tho flower garden. All was still, oxccpt tbo thump of my hoart as I listonod intently. It must havo been a jaokal, I thought ; but hark, again tho wail rang out — ' Mamma 1 Ayah 1' This timo thoro was no mistake as to the direction. Tho sounds camo from tbo .indigo vats, an appurtonanco of ovory factory. Thoy are deep masonry oistorns, in whioh tho green plant is-immorscd in order to extraot tho coloring mntcer. I ran down tho avenue, climbed the party wall separating tbo row of vats, and peered into tho dark rooossos of each. All wore ompty, save ono fillo with oloar wutoc to serve as a reser voir for the garden ; and it showed no sign of human lifo. Filled with oroeping fear, I turned and walked slowly towards tbo house ovor ground . on which tho feathery foliage of tho oasuarinos seomcd to be photographed by tho moonlight. High abovo tboir mournful sough thoro camo again tho childish soreams. I ran baok to tho vats, and .searched each in vain. ' Shall I alarm tho houso ?' I askod myself. The feeling that human intervention was usoloS9 restrainod mo, and I sought my bed, whoroon I tossed till tho morning sun pierced tho Venetian blinds. It was vory late, according to Anglo-Indian ideas, ere I joined my ontertainors at breakfast. There was something in my appearance which showed that all had not gone won, lur i wus prosuou wnu questions as to whothor I had slept soundly. I admitted I had not, and bogan to toll tho strango opisodo of tho night. Before tho donouomcnt was reached my hostess sank from her chair in a swoon. M. Gilbort, as ho ran to her assistance, cast on mo a glanco of monaco and reproach whioh I shall novor forgot. With tho holp of tho servants ha carried tho poor crea ture to an adjoining bedroom, loaving mo in muto amazement at the effect of my plain, unvarnished tale. After ten minutes or so ho returned, and striding up to mo, said, in a voico trembling with fury, 'Woll, sir, what am I to understand by this mystification 1 ' ' Whaton earth do you moan ? ' ' Yos, sir, mystification ; and permit mo to obsorvo that it is in oxecrablo taste.' So saying M. Gilbort brought his pudgy fist down on tho table with a thump that mode tho hot- water dishes sound a carillon. Shifting my posi tion to a point within roach of tbo carving-knifo, in view of ectivo hostili ties, I replied, ' Now, M. Gilbort, per haps you will oxplain tho meaning of such languago to a guest." There was something in my manner which impressed tho unhappy man. Ho grow calmer, and asked anxiously whether I had really heard the voice in 'tho dead of tho night, and whothor I did not know tho misfortuno which had wrecked his life, and wa9 breaking his wife's heart. I assured him, on my word, of honor, that I bad heard his name for tho first timo on the provious day. ' Sir,' ho replied after a pause, ! our little boy was drowned a year ago in those vats."' 