I HUMOROUS READING. I DAVID, PAST AND PBESKNT. They were two old cronies, both Scots, both Presbyterian, and both proficient in the scriptures, remarks ' Woomera,' in the ' Australasian.' Upon thia Bnbjeot they had many arguments, but one a first-rate Hebrew eaholar, always floored his opponent by a reference to the original text. The other had been bearing disquieting taleB as to the morals of his ann David, so sought hisoldfriend for advioe on the subjeot. ' I am much disturbed in spirit,' bo began. ' Do you know I have heard the day that David sweers ?' His friend thought over the subject solemnly for a moment, then, with his special argumentative air. said, ' Weel,I'm no prepared tosny that David never Bweere. There aro certain obscure passages in the original text whioh may be taken as indicating that in periods of great perturbation and mental stress David moy have had recourse to explet- ives which were not strictly regular, but-' ' Ye mistake me,' was the inter- ruption. ' It's ma own son David I,m Bpeakin' o'.' 'Oh, the wee laddie. Is that a'2' exolaimed the authority on Hebrew. ' Dinna heed him. He'll soon j drop the habit.' It was another and much more important David about whose character ho was concerned. HIS AST FAILED BIS. 'Son,' BBked a Bubnrban resident, 'what's the matter with .the professor across the way V I understand that he's all broken up, and likely to be in bed for some time.' ' You mean the professor.what hypner tizes people V ' That's the one.' ' Oh, he went ont in the stockyard on Friday, and tried to mesmerise a bull.' HB WAS ON TIMB. It is a pity some of the well-meaning families of deceased relatives cannot be restrained from perpetrating certain obituary rhymes whioh make their readers Btnile. Take the following from an up-country newspaper, for example : !' Onr William left thia earthly sphere To join the heavenly state ; His spirit flew into thc air At fifteen minutes to 8. 'Be comforted, poor, stricken soul, And do not now repine"; For on the Bhining streets of gold He did arrive at 9 1' ' Fader's gettin' better, 'E's beginin' ter swear again.' A matrimonial agenoy offersto supply any man with a wife for one guinea. It OÍS ta ICES to get into trouble than it doea to get out again. 1 And why did the devil tempt Eve firet, do you think, Godfrey V 'Oh mummy ladies always come first,' 'Whatdid Colonel Stidweli say about the brandied peaoheB we Bent to oheer bia convalescenceV 'Ho eaid he was afraid he wasn't Btrong enough to eat the fruit,' replied the little girl, ' but that he appreciated the spirit in whioh it was sent.'' I BBEAKING IN A BOOK AGENT. I ' I am afraid that I onoe - spoiled a good book agent,' said the bead member of a book ! agency. : ' We had gotten ont an expensive religions I book, and had advertised for agents to handle it. ' Among the numerous applicants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked him if he thought be oould sell books, and he said that he reokoned he could. "Very well,'said I, 'I'll see what you can do. Take this book,' and oonsider that I am your intended* victim. The prioe of the book rung from ten shillings to a pound, bnt you must endeavour to Bell the highest priced book, although it is no disgrace if ou only succeed in selling the cheaper kind, f you Bucceed in selling me a book I will hire you. Now go ahead.' 'He took the book fumbled it awkwardly and then stammered : ' 'Ye don't wanter . buy a book, " do ye, mister?' ' I smilingly answered that I did not. ' Better buy one,' said he ; I'll eell it to ye pretty oheap.' ' ' ' Get out ot here I' I yelled, pretending to .be mad. ' Don't you Bea that sign,1 Book Agents Not Wanted?' '1 I'll let ye hey one for a pound, mister, seem' it's ye, said he, taking off his coat and throwing it on the floor, , ' " I am afraid--' I began, ' ' A pound, mUter and cheap at the price,' he added, os he rolled np his shirt sleeves. 'I didn't like the looks of all these warlike proceedings, ¿nd declared the test off. But he refused and gave me three xniuutea to 1 dig up' the price of the book.' 'While I was trying to make the fellow understand that the joke had gone far enongb, be jumped at me. 'I didn't stand a ghost of a show with the hnsky youth, and I soon found myself on the floor, with the would-be book agent Bit- ting upon me, saying something about a book he would sell me * powerful oheap.' ' To save my life I reluotantly consented to take ono of the ten shilling kind. He said be was sorry, but he only sold the twenty shilling kind. He allowed me to get one hand loose, and I produced a sovereign ; whereupon he re- leased me, and wanted to know how Boon he contd go to work. ' ' I kept my word and hired him, sent him aa far west as I could, and then discharged him by wire.' IMPERTINENCE OF GBNIDB. Dr. Johnson oncooalled upon Mr. Garriok in London, and waa shown into his study. Unfortunately, a door being open, be strayed into an adjoining room whioh oontained the novels and lighter works which had been presented aa tributes to the highly admired aotor. Johnson first read a blt from one and then another, and threw them down, strew- ing the floor with the expensive volumef. Garriok was angry at finding Johnson there and Bald :4 This is a private cabinet, and no company , is admitted here,' ' But,' said Johnson, with impertinent coolness, ' I was determined toexamiue your valuables, whioh I find oonsist of three sorts-stuff, traBh, and nonBenee.' ; _ A woman or.red her husband of staying out late at night by going to the door when he came home, and whispering through the keyhole, .'Is that you, Willie 7' Her husband's name is John, andheeta;a at home every night now, and sleeps with one eye open and the revolver nnder bia pillow, A horny-handed son of toil knooked at side-door of a suburban pub. ou a recent Sunday ' morning, and, when the landlord answered the summons, asked, 1 Is there any chance of a drink ?' and met with the caut- ious reply, ' You're a stranger. How am I to know you're not a detootlvel' ' Doea them handB look like a detective's?' BBked the hard-grafter, displaying a pair of deeply-farrowed rough-skinned piok-holders. For answer he waa dragged through the portal by the Batiefied Sunday-trader. It is not putting things in the right place that bothers a man so much as finding the right place after ho has put thing? in it. Investigate the matter when you hoar of a man having good luok, and you will generally find that he worked for every bit of it. Having 'a good time'is likely to bogganing in winter-for a pleasure lasting a minute you have a ten minutes' walk up a steep hill. 'There's one comfort,' said the philosopher when his wages were reduced. ' When I'm laid up ill in future I shan't lose BO mnoh money. THE'TIN INDÜSTBY.-"The Glon InneB Examiner " stateB : Wo ore glad to note the latest quotations of lin is given at 20s. TMB indeed should be welcome newa for our tin mining prospectors in and around Glen lanes district. During our epcoial reporter's visit to Inverell last week he gleaned information which tends to show tbat the tin industry in that district is in an extremely healthy condition, and at the Elsmore Valley tin mine things are booming. We have It on reliable authority that over G tons per week is being obtained from thia source. And BO our readers may imagine that at present mining mattera in Inverell aro exceptionally bright, ' | A flash of lightning ia often a mlle Ions'. 