DICKENS AS A WBfflH. (fHili^iHHBggaHE Christmas which \--SrA-ttHl^^^ has passed has, no 1^3'^'? 'ifl doubt; added many T &lj;£z US thousands to the read It f*7* *M ers of Dickens; but all «fW^5irA the* years have not AsSJRdJtep^SisS&Z; corrected the tendency' tifr^Vf^ftgjL to make light of the ?'« (ffcraJ ^^±3* specific power of Die kens as a writer. Men still have the habit of saving their reputav tion as critics by .dis avowing the litera ture of Dickens, even while they confess , the amplitude of its effects. There is laughter for his hu mor, tears for his pathos, praise for his spirit, and contempt fnr Mr Blithnrshin. JHte least every man holds himself bound to say 4s that he need not say he prefers Thackeray. Dickens T»ag many faults, but lack of author ship is assuredly not one of them. IKather is there, in Mm a ccaspicuous genius for words, vhieh the habitual indifference of his time, of his readers, and of his contemporaries in letters could not quench. I soever read him but I undergo a new conviction of his authorship, of the vitality of his diction, springing, striking, TtmTrfTig &, way through the bur- . 4en of custom. But for the one or two great excep fions of that day, who valued then the spirit, jprecision, and nobility of a phrase? Who cared to-stndy English or to look back beyond the cen ?tary then plodding on a foot neither jocund nor majestic? The daily leading article (little al .tered) shows us still what was the best effect Indeed for in fhaf day from modern work. The ? imguage, of course, had to serve a certain end; fflBrvertheless, you might almost say that it snout nothing; veritably, as to the nimbler or the SiBbler sense it mwrnt, nothing. Refuse words, too emphatic, but with a worn Jtanphasis; strained rhetoric that had lost its elas ticity; grave phrases grown dull— authors worked iTeith these, sufficiently well content. The phrases fiDed the mouth — with dregs. In the work of Xtsckens there are passages of such 'F'c^'g^1, nei -fear subtle nor simple, and there are swagger fegs, and a thousand false things. He wrote so *s a mere matter of course. E-t his own lively* ©mius asserted itself to be a very writer's genius, By TQgfiTig of the very word; not only here or ftcrp or suddenly, but often and often. It had its way, its only way, to prcve that he could write, «nd was aa authentic writer in the springs and ?ources of his thoughts. His is not a great style. It has life enough lor anoFvement, and not life enough for peace. But that it has life is the fact that proves its title to the name. To write much about style is, unfor tunately, to tamper witi. it somewhat; and if the ;wxa*d conid be evaded it should here be spared; hut that can hardly be done by one who is writ ing expressly to claim style for Dickens. A sec ondary sriyle, a style of less than high order, and beset, eucimibered, and embarrassed by customs aot of nris crvn making, and also by manners for which be himself must answer; but a style, self jjnovetJ;: impulsive literature; authorship from the beginning-, and the immediate, enterprising, bril liant choice of the word and the thought in one. It csinnct be necessary to insist upon Dickens's sense of words. Even those who aver that 'in xegard to literature tliey greatly prefer Thacke Tay'J' must acknowledge his instant grasp upon the descriptive ward. Even if the large title 'style' is refused to such a power and faculty i(perhap3 lawfully), Dickens must be admired for ths»e most appropriate uiscoveries. See, for ' exzjnple, the brief phrase that gives us Mr. Mi cawber as he sat by to near Captain Hopkins read the petition in the prison 'from his Most Gracious 3Kajesty:s ..'ortunate subjects.' Mr. Micawber listened 'with a little of an author's vanity-, con /?itempiating (not severely) the spikes upon the op posite wall.' The happy parenthesis! 'It went from suss with a shock, like a ball from a rifle,' says David Capperfleld, after the visit of a de lirious impulse; and what other writer has named that blow of departure, the volley of passion, as it goes? In comedy again: 'Mr. Micawber' (he was making punch) 'resumed his peeling with.js. des perate air.' He had but^no^ made a 'random but expressive flourish with the knife' in refer ence to the prospects of his family and to his own decease. Traddles, in the same book, with Trig hair standing on end, 'looked as though he had seen a cheerful ghost.' And if the heart easing humor of this little phrasi . which sets laughter free, should be accused of a lower in 'telligence than that of wit, has Dickens not wit in a phrase, as well as humor? Is it not witty to say of the man who had held a sinecure office against sill protest, 'He died with his drawn sa lary in his hand?' Is it not witty, too, to banter the worst Eng lish of his day by an imitation that shows an author's sense of its literary 'baseness? The mere words 'gratifying emotions of no common des cription' do this to admiration. It is Mr. Mi cawber again (excellent figure of comedy — there are no heights of humorous literature whereon he has not the right to stand with the greatest of companions) — it is he who writes tha,t port?y jjhrase. 'Tinged with the prismatic hues of memory' he has in the same paragraph, but this is something more farcical, whereas 'gratifying emotions of no common description' hits the whole language as it were with one sure arrow. JEhe thickness of the words, as whin Charlotte iBronte,. at 3ier primmest, writes of 'establishing jtai eligible connection,' and of 'an institution on de Continent,' has not escaped the ear of Dic jcens the -writer. Try as one may to describe a ^certain kind of English, one is easily outdone by Slim with a single phrase, invented for an exam ple, such., as this of Mr. Micawber's. . All tMs, nevertheless — the humor of author jghip, its; wit, and its derision, cited here succes sively, in representative phrases that had to be jchosen among thousands of their kind — does sot jprove that Dickens had style in the sense that itwould satisfy a student. Perhaps a student might :Jbe willing to find it elsewhere, in deliberate des -^ription. The autumn leaves fall thick, 'but anever fast, for they come circling down with a *lead lightness.' 'I held my mother in my em jfaraee, and she held me in hers; and among the still woods in the silence of the summer day there s«eemed to be nothing but our two troubles minds ©sat was not at peace.' How simple and fine is this: 'Now the woods ^jfittle into great masses as if they were one pro (lonnd 'tree:' not only admirably choice in words, &nt; a lesson in vision. And this, also simple, also jSOcd, seems to instruct the - sense of hearing — =ihe scene is in the Court of Chancery: 'Leaving -this address ringing in the rafters of the roof, rthe very little counsel drops, and the iog knows ??shim; no more.' 'Mr. Vholes here emerged into the,- silence he could hardly be said to have fcro Jken, so stifled' was his tone.' 'Beyond was a Jsorial ground ? in which the night was .?wery slowly stirring.' How subtle a phrase for 4he first dawn! 'He comes to a gateway in the teick wall, locks in, and sees a great perplexity trfiron lying about.' 'A movement of my hands, intended to show far my ragged state, and to call it to witness that tiad suffered something.' This is the gesture of fittie David at -the end of his journey. If the sense of hearing is opened and urged, and struck ? to greater life by one phrase, and tha sense of vision ty. another, both are quiekeacil by the . storm in. 'David Copperfield,' and the sense of touch is roused by the touches of the tempest. ''I ?dream -cf it sometimes, though at lengthened end uncertain intervals, to this hour.' 'There had j been a; wind all day, and it was rising then, with | an extraordinary great sound. . . ? We toned a cluster of people in flie market place.' This phrase marks the strange night, 'tens fcefore we saw the sea its spray was on our lips. . . . The water was out, over miles and miles of the flat country; and every sheet and puddle lashed its banks, and had its stress of little breakers setting heavily towards us. When we came with in sight of the sea the waves on the ? horizon, caught 'at intervals above the rolling abyss, were like glimpses of another shore, with towers and buildings. When at last we got into the town, lae people came ? out to . tneir doors all aslant and with streaming hair. I went down to look at the sea, staggering along the street, which was strewn with sand and sea weedj-and with flying blotches of sea-foam.' The storm in the morning light: 'The .wind by this time might have lulled a little, though not more sensibly than if the cannonading I had dreamed of had been diminished b^y the silencing of half a-dozen guns out of hundreds.' 'Wonderful here, again, is the perception of t' ''gs silenced under the stress of sound. Then read all that follows, in the unrelated urgency of that great chapter, to the end. 'Whoever would try to do Dickens this tardy justice (and here has been space for no more than an indication of the way of it) must choose pass ages that ha\e the quality of dignity. They are not so very few. Elegance he has not, but his dignity is cle^r to readers who pri ? this quality too much to be hasty to deny it— 'Pall Mall Ga zette.' 