FOOTBALL. NOTES AND COMMENTS- By '-ROVBR.r Given two goad teams, each having a chance of premiership, the public will stiil patronise football In thousands. On Saturday ttKre was everything to attract spectators 10 East Mel- bourne. The afternoon was lovely, ana me contest was between two very famous sides — probably the most stylish In the competiti.n, namely, GEELONG AND ESSENDON. A fast game was expected, and was cerialnly forthcoming. . As the afternoon wore on the pace and v. gar maintained became a source of wonder to the onlookers. One could have bet ter understood the remarkable exhibition h2d the day been of the bracing wintrr tort; but in the rather warm and enervating spring air and sunshine, the staying power displayed was un commonly good. Both teams were well equip ped in this aspect, and kept up steam to the finish. Supporters of Essendcn left the ground with a distinct sense of disappointment. Geelong's defeat by South a week before had raised some what false hopes in the minds of the "same old" brigade. They consider thc-mselves stron ger than South; and if seemed a reasonable thing to argue "if the Southerners can beat Get-hr.g so can we." This method of estimating probabilities often slips up one in football, bow- ever, as the 'Don's now recognise to their cost. Hut the breakdown oi hi- lb: try was not their on'.y grievance on Saturday. In the chances of the actual game there was nothing to nave n;n- dered the attainment of a different result had Essendon' kick.ng for goal been as trustworthy as their general play. Time aud again the ball hovered round the Geelong posts. Nineteen times was it forced behind the goal line, only four times going through. Such frea squander ing of opportunities can have only one result, especially when your opponents happen to he the Pivotlonians. It is only fair to say that the latter missed a good few shots, one of which struck tlis post; but on the play Essendon people had more cause to growl than the Gee- long friends need have felt had their boys come to grief. On the winning side, Rankin, Palmer, M Cal- lum, Young, I'Tynn, James, Grieves, Iluchan, James and the other half of the team played splend'dly; while for Essendon, Cleghorn, Fitc- patrick, Wright, Martin, Gava'J, M. Collins, Moore, Jackson, and T. Collins were equal to the others— possibly a trifle better. MELBOURNE V. FITZROY resulted in a complete and astonishing "boil over," the Reds having not a ghost of a chance against the 'Hoys. To account for this sort of thing is quite impossible. Count the Melbourne team off one by one and you will find at least a dozen p'.ayc-rs of undoubted "class;" the other half-dozen being safely ranked as medium to good. In spite of ail this, they went down a hopeless lion before the Maroons, who, but a week previously, were well night thrashed l.y Carlton. Verily, you must expect the unex pected in football. The gome calls for little description. A twenty to one victory rarely docs. There was plenty of good individual play, even on the losing side, where Lewis, Rippon, M'Ginis, Cumberland, Herring, and Wardill often appeared to advan tage. Among the Maroons, Drohan, M'Ewan, M. Grace, J. Grace (3 goals), Sioan, Clarke. Sharpe, and Moriarity showed out well; and there were several others almost equally effec tive. CARLTON V. COLLINGWOOD —a really good spin, at Victoria Park, to the entertainment of the local players, and also ot the spectators. There can be no doubt about the strengthening up of Cariton. On consecu tive Saturdays they have now provided the best of sport for Fitzroy and Collingwood— a substantial evidence of their rising prowess. The Magpies were by no means confident of suc cess when they stripped off last week; but fore warned is fore-armed. They took the field well prepared for a tussle, and were not long in let ting the Carltons know it. Indeed, the first half was fought with such energy and skill by the Black and White fellows that the old Blues hadn't a look in, so far as scoring was concerned. They took a measure of revenge for this in the third quarter, when Carlton appro priated 13 points to Coliingwood's eight; but the latter prevailed throughout round No. 4, and won comfortably. Pannam played bcauiifu ly on their behalf, the other leaders being Hail- wood, Smith (2 goals), Proudfoot, Condon, Wats- ford, and G. Williams. For Cariton, the de fence work of M 'Shane, P. Williams. Stuckey and Walton was tip-top; Collins and H. Thomp son followed admirably; Evans, in the centre, was very good; and, generally, the team gave a most encouraging display. SOUTH MELBOURNE BEAT ST. KILDA so easily that the game could not have been particularly enjoyable under any circumstances. As it was, there must have been only the small est minimum of pleasure in it, exhibitions of spite being all too frequent and keen. The Rev. Moliineux reproved our Sydney friends as to some rather shady phases of their style of Rugby football. There is apparently room In our metropolis for a little sermonising to foot ballers on the necessity for self-control. "How to keep your temper and your fists down" might be an appropriate title for a course of lectures. Will players please take the Fermons as preach ed and "act accordingly?" For pity's sake, let us have our Saturday's fun without incessant bickering and fisticuffs! There was only one good fight under the As sociation banner last Saturday, the combatants being NORTH MELBOURNE AND PRAIIRAN, who met at North Melbourne in the presence of a fairly good house. With a dash that the new seniors were unable to check, the locals ran up a heavy score in both first and second quarters, the tally at half-time being 35 to 10. Such a lead might well have been regarded as unassailable; but the Praliranites were plucky enough to go at it with might and main. How nearly they succeeded in wiping it out the scores Indicate. Without question their second- half rally was one of the best things seen in Association foothall this year. In it they total led 6 goals 4 behinds, as against North'® 3—2. The main factors in this recovery were Lyons, Dawson, Levien. II. G. Brown, Kruger, and Westbrook. For North, the work was most ably done by Sicily, the Launders, Rutley, Carl ton; Smith, and Knee. FOOTSCRAY BEAT WILLIAMSTOWN by more than two points to one, mainly through their brilliancy in the opening quarter. Gre gory made himself conspicuous by scoring three goals for the victors, the other scoring 'Scray's being Armstrong, Daly, Williams, and Decoit. The 'Town Club was indebted to E. Hall aDd Worroll for its goals, the first named getting a couple. Should the Footscray prove champions In their section, as appears almost certain, they intend to challenge the League premiers. Such a match would be a good draw, and ought to provide a first-rate game. RICHMOND PUT DOWN WEST MEL BOURNE in really excellent style. It is a long time since the Yellow and Black people appeared to such ad vantage. Folks could scarcely have recognised in the smart and well-organised team of Satur day the rather one-horse turn-out that has often had to do battle for Richmond this sea son. It was a treat which the local onlookers greatly appreciated. Every requirement of the game was taken up and executed with rare dash and distinct success. The pity is that form like this was not struck three or four months' ago. G. Backhouse kicked four goals, Milne two, Rudd and Dawson one each. For West Melbourne, Miller and Linqulst got two each, Morgan and Stone dividing the other two. PORT MELBOURNE DEFEATED BRUNS WICK . „ after a first-rate set-to which showed the er to be still strong, and the latter to be on a decided up-grade. In this game, as in two or three of the others, there was a quite inexcus able supply of roughness and pugilistic tenden cies were iil-checkcd by a section of the Port s team. No doubt, umpirc-s will be passing in re ports cf these disturbances: and the commi ttee wU! know how to deal wiith the men charged. 'We don't want our footballers _ to play a mamby-pambv game; but we certainty do expect tbem to refra'n from fighting. The j (2), Hutchinson, ll'Gce, Pears, Ward, and K.s- sane; and for Brunswick, M'Kcnzie (3). and goal makers for Port Melbourne were — Powell Tucker. Results of matches played lost Saturday:— LEAGUE. 1st 2nd 3rd Total Scores. Clubs. Qr. Qr. Qr. Gls. Bbds. Pts. A Section. Fitzroy 0.4 . . 2.8 . . 3.9 . . 5 10 — 40 Melbourne.. .. 0.0 . . 0.1 . . 0.1 . . 0 2 — 2 Collingwood . . 1.0 . . 2.4 . . 3.6 . . 5 8 — 38 Carlton 0.0 . . 0.0 . . 2.1 . . 2 5 — 17 B Section. Geelong. 0.4 .. 3.S .. 5.10.. 6 11 — 4 1 Essendon .. .. 1.4 .. 2.8 .. 4.12.. 4 15 — >» South Molb. .. 2.2 .. S.5 .. 9.6 .. 12 10 — 82 St. Kilda .. .. 0.2 .. 0.2 .. 1.5 . . 1 6 — 12 \- ASSOCIATION. Footscray .... 6.4 .. G.O .. 8.9 . . S 10 — 58 W'mstown. . . 1.0 . . 2.2 . . 2.2 . . 3 7 — 2j North Melb. . . 2.3 . . 5.5 .. 7.5 .. S 7 — 53 Prahran 0.1 .. 1.4 .. 3.6 .. 7 S — 50 Port Melb. . . 1.2 . . 2.3 . . 5.4 . . 7 4 — 46 Brunswick .. 2.2 .. 2.2 .. 3.2 .. 4 4 — 28 Richmond.. .. 4.2 ..5.5 .. 6.10.. 8 15 — C3 West Melb. .. 1.2 .. 4.6 .. 4.8 .. G 8 — 41 