The Forty Bays. (By the Rev. Mark Guy Pearse.) "Being seen of them forty days."-Acts i, 8. IC the Gospel had been a human invention; there certainly would have been no interval between the resurrection of Christ and the ascension. Every .suggestion, every aspect of the case, from our hu- man standpoint, would naturally urge that Christ should immediately enter into His glory. Only let the resurrection be assured by many witnesses, as it was on the very day that He rose from the dead, and what more can we think pf -that should ke6p Christ upon earth? " HIS WORK WAS DONE. The great purpose of His coming waa» accomplish- ed. Ho had*"lived His* life, He had taught the truth, He liad redeemed the world. Not only was nothing more needful, but nothing more, re- mained to be done. The scattered disciples had to be gathered again into one by a common faith, they had to be inspired by a new hope, they had to be commissioned for their l.ife-work. But that j faith was base"d upon the resurrection. The re- surrection -was the ground of their largest hopes, and to have seen the risen Lord was at once their gospel and their authority for'preaching it: WHY, THEN, SHOULD HE LINGER HERE FOR FORTY DAYS? A host of reasons suggest themselves as to why He should at once enter into His glory. Earth at best could have been but a dreary home for Him who had come from the Paradise of God. For Him. the King of Glory, we could find no lit entertainment. What society was there for Him, the all-wise? We can understand and adore Him for the great love which siooped thus low, but now that His work is done He surely shall go up again in His royal estate. And think what the earth must have been to Him-the place of poverty, and all the hardships that poverty brings with it; the place where in His infancy, the king had sought to murder him-where of His own household a cold doubt met his great and gracious purposes, for "neither did His brethren believe in Him;" where, amongst those who had known him longest unbe- lief sneered at Him and they cast Him forth; where black ingratitude forgot his works of heal- ing, and turned His words of light into His own condemnation; where the innermost circle of His own friends had provided one that betrayed Him, one that denied Him, and of whom all, save, per- haps John, forsook Him and fled. \- HOW COULD HE LINGER HERE . after the unutterable shame of Calvary ? Think .how all.this must have urged and hastenejL-Uie return of Christ to. His glory. Thou hast given Thy Life, O Lord, O glorious Son of God. Thou canst give no more. And where upon this guilty earth is any rest for Thee now since that dreadful cross has cast its shadow over all the land? Then Christ Himself longed for rest. He who dwelt in the Bosom of the Father was an exile here. He tabernacled amongst us, but weary and worn, He turned and sighed for the'blessed- ness of home.- We with our dim vision of the eternal and our awe of the unknown, and all our earth clingings, turn sometimes wearied and look onward. Thie stranger homeward bends, ^_ And'sigheth for His rest; Heaven is My home : My friends L#odge there in Abraham's.breast. . O happy place! When shall'I be, my God, with Thee to see Thy face? ' ' _ But to none could that desire be the same as it ?was to Christ. T,b Him it was THE FATHER'S HOUSE INDEED. There-is an appeal to the disciples as He talks of it that is unutterably pathetic and tender-If ye loved me ye would rejoice because I go. unto the Father. Then, again, there waited for Christ His great triumph, that to which He has looked "forward during all his His life-work, Anding'in it strength and consolation. "For the joy that was set before Him, He endured the cross, despising the shame." The angels who brought'us the glad tidings when He had become the Babe in Bethlehem's manger, waited now with an eager joy to welcome Him with rapturous music and the show of loftiest splendor. Why should He walt? If His king- dom is to be administered from Heaven, if the throne of a universal dominion awaits Him, and there is "given Him the pledge of a universal triumph, surely He shall not delay .to enter into His glory. - DELAY WOULD BE WORSE THAN, UNFITTING. If His reign mean.the world's salvation, gifts for men, the proclaiming of the Gospel with the power bf the Holy Ghost, dare He linger still upon earth? Will it not seem as if He had spent His love on Calvary, and held less eagerly the power that He had won at such a price. No, it is not human, this delay. Not our thought nor our way is this. lt'is all Divine just like our blessed Lord. This lingering for the forty" days is the crowning proof of His tender regard for His little flock. He who had laid down His life for them is loath to leave them. Though they hád -forsaken Him and doubted Him, they had not wearied, much less: had they worn . out His love. ; He stays to look again and yet again, and yet again upon them, as if turning back and lingering to bless them. . It is all of ¡ a pièce with His life of love. Everywhere He meets them without a touch of upbraiding, with- out recalling a single memory of-all His bitter suffering---revealing Himself to the disciples with a tenderness and blessedness which is indescriba- bly beautiful. How can He go till He has healed the Magdalene's broken heàrt? He must linger till poor Peter can venture near* to have his for- giveness assured. He must stay to strengthen Thomas's faith.. . : - HE MUST TARRY WITH THEM , till He has made them feel that He is just the same friendly, brotherly Jesus ±hat He has ever, been, caring for them_ in their work, watching them with a yearning pity, stooping to kindle a ! fife for their warmth and to cook the fish for their j meal, and then to bid them come and dine. it tho master had gone up swiftly from the re» surpectlon, having shown himself alive tó his-dis- ciples'and nothing more-.would there not always have been a little fear that he really could not - ..feel" aultevtue same towards them after the cru» ciflxion? A. little ear !-r-no, in such cases lt can- not be, a little. '"There-is nothing in the -world that has such power to live and trouble us as re- pentance towards the dead-so utterly unable aro we to undo or to unsay the thing that grieves us. They had doubted and deserted their blessed Lord in the dreadful hour of his need!-and then had only seen him hastily, and he was gone. Oh, how it would have paralysed timm In prayer, and withered 'them in service, andisaddened them for eyer! He must stay to make*them feel tihalt all 'the old love and tenderness are there as-full and trustful as they had ever been. Those forty dayB were THE VERY CROWN OF THE LIFE¡ OF LOVE. Then again, these days were the necessary pre- paration for the ascension. A very tender and beautiful upleading of the disciples.: Like tho throne of Solomon, his throne hath steps up to It-steps which these hesitating and doubting followers could climb; and in the forty days he is gently leading them up these steps. If the ascension had followed swiftly on the re* eurrectlon and immediately after the crucifixion, think how little it could have meant to the dis- ciples, and especially how little of might and ma- jesty and triumph they would have associated with it. LET* US TRY AND PUT OURSELVES IN THEIR PLACE. That dreadful scene of Calvary, with all its hor- rors held their thoughts. There are many . wounds which-hurt most in healing-- tho blow dead/ens ua awhile. And so I think would be their Master's crucifixion. Slowly they realise their loss, and thé black horror which hung now over the very name of Jesus of .Nazareth. Not'only were their hopes quenched, but the very power to hope was stunned. The overthrow was so ter- ribly complote that they could scarce look up to see their loss. Llko weeping Mary, their grief has blinded them. Stunned, deafened, bewilder- ed, they find it hard to believe the faot of his re- surrection-the ascension immediately after would have been but another bewilderment. To .rise up to the meaning of his ascension it Is need- ful for the disciples to have their minds cleared from their great grief. Their thoughts must be loosened from the Cross and lifted from the grave. Their eyes must be anointed, and they must come in . a freshness of energy to behold the King in His beauty before He shall go to the land that is afar off. The forty days were the gracious ar. rangement for securing all this. " I (To be concluded.) 