THE STORYTELLER. THE TREASURE OF NEPHRON. (By EDEN PHILLPOTTS in the Strand Magazine.) Near the huge pyramids of Deshur, and dwarfed by their size, there may be found upon the confines of the Nubian desert a sepulchral mound, once also a pyramid, little more than a large and irregular mass of shattered limestone. Beside the ad- jacent giants this pyramid of Nephron ap- pears little more than a rubbish heap ; but seen apart, the mass is of no small eleva- tion, while matters of considerable interest lie entombed within it. Just short of a hundred years ago came forth from its interior the mummy of the notable per- son whose grave it was ; and skilled Egypotologists, their success at that time much accelerated by the discovery of the Rosetta Stone, soon deciphered the hieroglyphics which adorned dead Nep- hron's coffin and sepulchre. The withered brown carcass, here "sealed from the moth and the owl and the flitter mouse" for a space of time extending over three thousand years, had once been a high priest who ministered at the shrine of Horus, in their Middle Age of Egypt ; and here moved thereto by opinions peculiar to himself, the bygone cleric, if his story might be credited, had caused to be buried with him much of the wealth accumulated on earth during a lengthy and prosperous career. This fact was not remarkable, but what struck ex- perts as strange has to be told. Though the cryptic chamber in which Nephron's corpse had been discovered was spacious, nothing but the dead priest himself oc- cupied it, and no amount of research re- vealed his alleged treasure. All that French and English servants could think ubon to do was done, and with the assistance from the fellaheen of the adjacent village, they probed the mass of lime-stone to its core, and made searching exploration for the "gold and silver and Orient gems" declared to be hidden within Nephron's shattered mosoleum ; but nothing rewarded the search save granite present- ment of a Krio-Sphinx which blocked one end of a subterranean gallery in the pyramid. To remove the ram head monster was impossible ; it formed an integral portion of the mass ; and no amount of poking and prying had revealed in the solid body of it any receptacle or chamber which might represent the portal of a treasure-house. Thus, then, stood human knowledge upon the subject of Nephron's pyramid on the forenoon of a day in summer some fifty years ago. Two Arabs sat smoking cigarettes not far distant from the high priest's monu- ment on this occasion, and watched a cavalcade departing over the sand in the direction of Cairo. "They have failed, like all who came before them," said young Faraj, the Nile boat man. "Verily," answered his companion, Salim Subra, a man whose occupation, if he had any, was that of pyramid guide to tourists. "Allah wills not that Nephron's treasures go to the fat pockets of these pale, steel-eyed infidels. They come and grub here and search each nook and cranny and jackal-lair, to no purpose. And these have wasted their sweat like the rest." He pointed to half-a-dozen Englishmen with their baggage and attendants. They represented a learned commission which, amongst other more successful explorations, had devoted a portion of its time to renewed study and research in Nephron's tomb. But no fortune rewarded their efforts, and as they departed on asses, with camels and yelling fellaheen to bear the baggage, they cried "Sour grapes" in a manner quite unscientific. One grey, spectacled person doubted not the treasure, even if discovered, would add little to human knowledge, and possibly be found of no intrinsic value whatever: Another professor gave it as his opinion that a generation of men long dead had discovered Nephron's gold and silver, per- haps thousands of years before, and that any further search must be vain. All greatly wished gigantic and perfect Krio- Sphinx might be dragged forth from its many thousand years of night to adorn the garden of the Gizeh Museum of Cairo; but that was beyond their power to achieve, for to disentomb the statue it would have been necessary to demolish the shattered mountain that contained it. So the erudite English departed with no greater riches than those a measuring tape could furnish ; and Faraj and Salim watched them go. In Dashur the treasure of Nephron had grown into a tradition, but though many an Arab of the village knew the pyramid and its dark ways as well as his own mud cottage, none had yet reached the rumored gold. Yet each successive generation be- came fired with the hope in turn. Nephron's hoard was a real fact to Dashur minds, and not a few lazy men wasted half their lives in vain dreams of the bygone priest, and vain subterranean searchings after his sup- posed wealth. A hundred stories of weird adventures and strange meetings with jinn and marids in the bat-haunted gloom of the pyramid were familiar to the ears of the fellaheen. Blood, too, had been shed there by an unknown hand, and one gloomy chamber was held sacred to the shade of an unhappy traveller from Alex- andria, whose assassin had never been traced. "The treasures are safe," said Faraj. "They will pass into the hands of the faithful in Allah's own time. Inshallah ! He doeth what seemeth good to him. Allah send we may yet prevail against the evil mystery lying between what man hid there in the morning of the world and our living eyes to-day. Our compact was to share Nephron's riches as we share love and kindred affections. So be it. We may yet succeed. Salim." "How did they prosper ?" continued Faraj, regarding the retreating explorers. "Neither better nor worse than others. As a man with deep knowledge of the pyramid, they engaged me, and I showed them all I know and did their bidding." "All you know, Salim Subra ?" The other laughed, doffed his fez and passed a hand over his closely-cropped head. "All save only the hole under the left paw of the stone monster they call Kroi- Sphinx. That I left them to find them- selves." "Did they ?" "Truly. Nothing was too difficult for them. They discovered it and descended into the little chamber below ; and they held that hole to be the place of a coffin." "Did they question you concerning the opening at the side of it ?" "They did, and thrust their heads in and lowered a line which told them naught. They asked if any boy small enough might be found to get through the aperture, and I shook my head, but assured them that one in the past, of small stature, had en- tered and found only a second little empty chamber like the first." Faraj laughed. "These northern giants, with their huge shoulders, strange garments, and stiff joints, might well believe nothing bigger than a young child could pass that way. How if yourself had climbed through before their eyes ?" They would have doubted they saw aright. But I did no such thing. Yet I only spoke the truth to them." "Not all of it." "Why, what more was there to tell them ?" "That from the second chamber falls a sheer well, down to the heart of the earth for all we can say. You were dumb as to that dark drop into nothingness known only to you and me among the living." "And we might as well not know it. This thing is beyond human power to probe. It may reach straight to the central fires, for all we can tell. 'Tis beyond the power of any living thing—but a snake to probe. On steel and Koran we swore to share such fortune as Fate might store for us in Nephron's grave or elsewhere, Faraj ; but it will not come through that black throat. The well leads down to death and only death, as I have seen in dreams." Though not of kin, a greater love than that for the most part obtaining between brothers marked the friendship of these young men ; yet close upon the very occa- sion of this discourse arose the first cloud between them—a cloud destined to pro- duce tragedy as strange, and sequel as startling, as any record in all the history of Nephron's pyramid. Faraj Tabit, the elder, worked upon the river, and devoted his leisure to prying with Salim amid the great relics of the past at Dashur, while his friend, though poor also, yet had prospects of a better position to come. In Cairo dwelt his uncle, Aziz-ul-Hajj, a vendor of curios and objects of art—an old, wifeless gentleman whose wealth was rumoured to be considerable, and who showed amia- bility towards his nephew, though he had at no time assisted him to better his worldly position. The young men had little in common save good looks, mutual regard, and a great ambition to come at wealth and fortune. One other interest they indeed shared—their love for the same woman—Layla Birbari. A woman we call Layla, in that she was wife-old ; but the girl had seen no more than thirteen summers, in which time, after the hot-house fashion of the East, she arrived at physical maturity. An olive skinned and bright-eyed maid was she, with cherry lips and a smile usually hidden from young, fiery hearts by her hideous yashmak of tawdry, flesh- colored cotton stamped with some conventional arabasque. The dark-blue robe of the fellaheen women encompassed her ; and beneath the bright heads and coins that rose and fell upon her breast was a little heart as hard and calculating as ever beat in an ice-cold Northern bosom. Nobody knew better than Layla the power of her dark eyes and pretty voice. She was a flirt, too—in so far as an Eastern woman of respectable position can be—and the homage of the men brightened a lonely existence. With her father, Nasim Birbari, she dwelt ; her own mother was dead, and Nasim's living wife, luckily for Layla, was an amiable soul, and she enjoyed a measure of liberty beyond that of most unmarried Moslem girls in Dashur. This she employed as she pleased, and was at present engaged in a brisk interchange of love promises with Faraj Tabit ; whereas in the case of Salim, their intercourse had by no means reached so far. The young men had acted each as his disposition dictated, and while Faraj was content, with his sweetheart's assurance of love, Salim, more cautious and more conven- tional, had sought Layla's father before pushing his suit. One therefore rejoiced secretly in the girl's love and promise ; the other had reasons to believe that his expectations from his uncle, the old virtuoso and curio dealer in Cairo, would carry the necessary weight with Masim Birbari on whose decision lay the final disposal of Layla. II. A week passed by, and the festival of the Mahmoud was at hand. On the oc- casions of this celebration, thousands of felaheen from the surrounding villages flock- to Cairo that they may witness the depar- ture of the Sacred Carpet to Mecca. The festival is one of great rejoicing—a red- letter day in the calendar of every right Moslem. Before this event, however, the hopes and fears of the lovers were set at rest. Salim Subra acted with the greater promptitude, and an hour after leaving Faraj he was drinking coffee with Nasim Birbari and setting out his case to the best advantage. In the end he won the old man to his way of thinking, and then de- parted to wait with what patience he might for more intelligence. Meantime, the father had a conversation with his daughter, and found her extremely pliable. "I had spoken words with Faraj, the boatman," she said, "but they were to no purpose, and no more than the jests of friends. Salim is of different clay ; besides, when his uncle shall die, great store of riches must fall into his life and better it. I will marry him in due season." When therefore Faraj, a day later, paid his visit to Layla's home, he found him- self in the cold. His sweetheart did not see him and he departed in the extremity of wrath. He showered bitter words on Nasim Birbari, taxed him with selling his daughter to the highest bidder, and refused to believe that Layla herself had aban- doned him thus readily for one of better worldly prospects. Accordingly, he waited until he might come upon her and learn from her own red lips the truth. But such a meeting Layla little desired, and kept within doors to avoid it. Her action only led heart-stricken Faraj into further error. Now he openly declared that foul means had been taken to keep Layla from him, and that she was even at that hour shut up within her father's house, a prisoner. But though Layla appeared not Faraj met with Salim. On the dawn of the great festival they stood face to face again ; and thus it happened. Salim Subra, elated beyond measure at his success, had arranged to accompany his future wife and father-in-law to the festival ; and after the celebration it was proposed that the young man should call upon his uncle, Aziz-ul-Hajj, and intro- duce to the curio merchant the fair Layla and her father. So Salim, adorned in his richest gar- ments, proceeded at early light to seek his friends ; and as he did so there passed, desert-wards, not noting him, his rival. For the Orient mind cruelty has a sort of fascination ; and the spectacle of his listless and defeated friend woke no pity in Salim's heart just then. He remembered, too, that he was full early for the meeting with Nasim and his daughter, and therefore in an evil moment for himself he followed Faraj, as that solitary soul proceeded despondent towards the ruined pyramids under a black cloud of everlast- ing despair. The young man now regarded himself as a victim of dark plots and supe- rior cunning. He fully believed that Layla was by force withheld from him, and that in the prison seclusion of her father's home she suffered even as did he. Thus in a dangerous and deadly mood was Faraj when Salim, with pretended unconcern, approached and walked beside him beneath the earliest gold of a risen run. "How is it with thee, Faraj Tabit ?" he asked. "May perdition eat thy foes." "Thou callest a curse upon thine own vile head in saying it, son of a dog !" thundered back the other. "Nay, friend that was, we have fought a fair battle, and this is no language from vanquished to victor." The eyes of Faraj burnt in his head, and dark hate shot from them upon the smirk- ing Salim. One stood all smiles and brave apparel, the other was in his ragged working clothes, and his mind raged so that the storm of its working blackened his face. Faraj valued his own life at less than a piastre just then, and his foe would have been safer with a hungry Nubian lion ; but the victor knew it not, and poured oil upon the flame of the other's wrath. "You do not understand," he said. "Layla comes to me of her own free will, because she loves me better than she can love you. She has listened to nobody and obeyed nothing but her heart's voice. A woman's heart lies not." "A man's tongue does ; and thou art he. Lies bubble from your lips, he that Allah sees you not for the black smoke of them, that hides you from Him. But Iblis, the father of all the devils, knows you, and is impatient for you." "This is the cry of a child, angry that he has lost his toy. You crowed too loud, and now your case is the worse. Layla will twine about my heart—" "Let her if she will, but by the breath of God it shall be cold first !" As he spoke the boatmen, shaking with passion, stooped, picked up a frag- ment of stone, placed it in his hand by the Fiend, and hurled it swift and straight. The mass struck Salim full on the forehead, its force in some sort broken by the white turban wound about his fez ; but even thus the blow was enough to slay a stronger man than the young Arab. His hands shot into the air, then he fell heavily back- ward and lay still, while from his head wound a thick stream of blood, sucked up as it flowed by the yellow sand. No groan or cry marked his downfall. Death, terrific and sudden as from a stroke of lightning, leaden bullet, or paw of savage beast, had swept him from the living in his hour of triumph. Profound silence fol- lowed, broken only by the distant sound of a Muezzin's call from the far-off minaret. Like a bird's note it came through the thin air, but Faraj Tabit heard it not. He stood motion- less, with no visible life nearer to him than the vultures that soared like specks aloft in the golden morning. They indeed saw and knew, but nothing else. For one mad moment the man fell on his knees and be- gan scooping sand with both hands upon the supine shape before him ; but as he did so, there came to his ears a sound of laugh- ter, and he thought his kind were near at hand, and desisted, and rose. Sudden terror, that he might be captured with his hands red, got hold upon him, and he de- parted, slinking in the western shadows of the scattered rocks, like a pariah dog. Salim Subra would be missed by those depart- ing for the Mahmoud. He might be sought and even found, though that was im- probable, for the place of his destruction lay without Dashur, in a lonely, rock- strewn spot, the home of the jackal and sand-coloured snake. In reality, no one was near. Faraj had heard ghost voices only, awakened by his own thick-coming fears ; but he stayed no longer, left the rough crater-like ring of scattered limestone where Salim lay, and hurried to the safety and darkness of a sanctuary at hand. Here stood the gaunt pyramid of Nephron, and the murderer soon plunged into its heart, there only to find terrors more fearful than any the sunshine held. For a short time, as he rested at the portal of the main tunnel, the man's fear vanished. Recollection of the other's treachery, as he imagined it, returned, and he felt glad again at the thing he had done. He steeled his heart, told himself he was Allah's instrument to shorten the span of a vile life, and then concerned himself with thoughts for his own safety. He would remain in the secret places of the pyramid until nightfall then depart, cross the Nile and enter Cairo, where there was small fear of being discovered. So resolving, he burrowed into the subterranean ways, and hastened so suddenly from the light that his eyes throbbed under the inky black- ness. Now chaos returned to his mind again, a million superstitious fears, bred by his sin, made the familiar recesses of the pyramid seem strange, and filled the velvet pall of that eternal night with many eyes, that shone as red as blood. The echoes were awake and alive, and the rustle and squeak of the bats that dwelt here by day was magnified upon his ear into serpent hissings and the voices of strange, monstrous things, half man, half reptile. Faraj knew where candles were hidden, and presently, lighting one, he strove with its flickering flame to banish the horrors of his mind now taking shape and voice about him. But the light only awoke fresh terrors, flung back the sides of the surround- ing gloom, and set a demon dance of shadows everywhere. Black limbs were thrust out of the dark corners, vague, bodi- less heads grinned from the roof, and head- less bodies took substance and passed from the light into the gloom again. Armless hands with crooked fingers, like hairy spiders, stole along the floor and gripped his skirts, then hung upon them as he moved ; a hundred nameless horrors crowded and gibbered and squeaked within sight of his eyes ; and the candle itself, which sum- moned this fearful throng, burnt like a red eye from the brow of some Cyclopean abortion created from the rock where Faraj had set it up. He struck out the light to banish this pandemonium, then flung him- self upon the dry dust of the tunnel, and there lay with his head on his arms, his fingers thrust in his ears and his eyes tightly closed. Presently he fell into a sort of trance, while the past retraced its steps before him. Again he slew the slain, dreamed that he plunged a knife into Layla's breast also, and then into his own. Together they woke on the shores of Paradise, but the murdered man was there before them, and Salim took Layla into his arms, while winged things with swords of live fire thrust the murderer forth. From such nightmare rest he pre- sently awoke and sought the mouth of the pyramid. Far distant, at the embouchure, a mellow lance of light told that the sun had westered, and that within a few hours darkness would return and enable him to fly. Then Faraj lighted his candle again, shivered at the cold around him, and, his fears now decreased, passed onward into the depths, where one long passage terminated abruptly between the paws of the great granite sphinx with a ram's head already mentioned. Beneath one paw of the monster appeared a little receptacle, and from this a second, like to it, might be reached by a narrow aperture. Here it was that the ingenuity of the English explorers failed them, for the opening between the two chambers was so small that the possibility of anything larger than a dog creeping through it had not entered their speculations. Never- theless, both Faraj and Salim, if no others, could get into the inner chamber, for the feat to a narrow shouldered, and lithe native was not extraordinary. The man now standing before the Krio-Sphinx, for no reason that he could have named to himself, presently wriggled into this second receptacle beneath it, put his candle on a ledge, and squatted down in a place scarce large enough to hold a coffin. This was the spot which Salim Subra had assured the explorers held nothing ; and in that he spoke the truth ; but at one end of the place there descended a circular narrow shaft into the bowels of the pyramid ; and of this he had not spoken. To him and to Faraj alone of men was this dark channel known ; but neither at any time had descended into it, for the sides were steep and the air below the surface very foul. They had often cast down stones, but no answering echo returned, and thus they assumed the tunnel must be bottomless and beyond human skill to search or fathom. Above this black hole Faraj sat, and the cloud fell again upon his heart before the spectacle of a blood-stained future. Layla had sunk to a spectre in his mind ; only the dead man lying outside in the sand occu- pied it. He pictured the jackals when night hid Salim Subra ; he saw the naked- necked vultures that wait not for darkness. For a moment the thought of selfdestruc- tion crossed his mind. Here, at his feet, gaped a ready death, and no human eye would ever see his mingled limbs, no beast rend them. To fling himself down this dark mouth of stone would be the work of a moment, and now death began to look a better thing than the haunted, hunted life awaiting him. He almost forgot his crime before the arguments for and against self-slaughter. The thought of it grew less and less terrible ; while each moment now made life appear a vainer business. He saw himself meeting with Salim in the shadow world, and there came a lust and a yearning to cross the dark threshold and see and know what lay beyond. He crept near to the black aperture in the floor of the narrow chamber, and let his legs dangle over. Voices called him from below— the pleasant, happy voices of women. He edged nearer until he rested in a position of utmost peril on the brink. Taking his candle he dropped it down, and he saw the light flicker redly down the funnel of stone, then vanish. Impenetrable gloom now wrapped him, and out from it crept and glim- mered the old shapes and faces and burning eyes. Weird creatures with strange double heads and unfamiliar limbs arose and passed in procession before him. The gods of the dead were there—the gods of ancient Egypt, with heads of men and women, of bird and beast. Sanctified creatures moved and crawled about him ; huge live scarabs with opal eyes ; cats ; snorting bulls ; that puffed sweet breath into his face ; croco- diles, with great golden rings in their long snouts. He heard music, and saw bygone men, as from some Egyptian freize, march- ing on either side of a bier. And upon it lay no mummied corpse, but Salim Subra, with his great toes tied together, salt upon his breast, and a silk shroud wrapped about him, after the modern fashion of the Mos- lem. The dead lay calm, and his eyes were shut, but on his brow was black blood. The fresco figures passed silent and grim ; their song died away in a sigh of cold wind, and Faraj, knowing that another had yet to come, crept nearer the shaft and watched and waited. He would remain in the land of the living until Death himself appeared, then he meant to fling himself downward and so die, that he may escape Death. He laughed at this conceit, and an echo answered him again, while it seemed that an invisible hand suddenly touched his—a hand hard and cold as stone. Mad with fear, Faraj Tabit tore himself from it and dropped into the pit yawning at his feet. One shriek echoed with a hundred voices, then consciousness departed from him, and he fell insensible through the black air—to Iblis and the abode of evil Ifrits and foul Jinn. III. But it was in the flesh and not the spirit that Faraj found himself on again opening his eyes and recovering conscious- ness some seconds later. He moved this way and that, felt himself, discovered him- self recumbent on a pile of some soft mate- rial, and found himself unscathed, though he experienced a little difficulty in breath- ing. About him were heavy stones, and now he realised why these fragments thrown from above in the past, had brought no answering sounds to the ears of Salim and himself, for they had fallen into thick, soft dust. The unearthly silence that ever brooded in the heart of the pyramid hung heavy about him ; his mind cleared again, and his only speculation was as to how far he had fallen and how long he might ex- pect to survive in this present position. A cautious survey by touch told him that the place in which he now stood en- trapped was small. He felt round its walls, and in doing so set his foot on some sharp object, and felt a pang. Bending hot blood from the wounded member flowed upon his hand, and he tore a ban- dage from his skirt and bound it up. Then he remembered the candle he had flung down before him, and now felt through the thick dust of the floor in hope that it might come to his hand. Here he was fortunate, for he soon recovered the candle, and relighted it ; and, though it burned but dimly under the heavy air, the light given was sufficient to show Faraj the nature of his new environment. The place was empty save for a deep layer of dust and an object of strange appearance that filled half the chamber. It looked, at first sight, like some enormous insect, lying upon its back, with long twisted legs extended in the air above it, and a glimmering body of irregular shape beneath them. But closer investigation brought a truer explanation. The bent and twisted bands of metal were all that re- mained of what had once been a huge, brass- bound chest of wood ; and that glimmering mass within them represented imperishable stones, gold that rusts not, and other forms and shapes of tarnished silver and fretted metal. The agglomeration stood three feet high and covered a considerable space. From it gleamed red rubies and green emeralds, the flash and twinkle of diamonds, the soft fire of opals, the lustre of red gold —treasures all that had not answered light with light for more than three thousand years. Strange mystic jewels lay there, the use of which was long vanished out of man's knowledge ; time had gnawed the silver into black ruins, fillet and pec- toral were in part destroyed ; but unutter- able gems and feats of workmanship, scarce to be credited, still remained to glitter on man's eyes again after their centuries of repose. Golden hawks, with diamond breasts and lapis lazuli wings were here ; crystal sphinxes, and wrought ivory plaques crusted with gems ; the nraeus and winged globe of majesty fashioned in pre- cious stones ; regal diadems ; statuettes of gods and goddesses with diamond eyes ; lotus lilies and petals of beaten gold and emerald leaves—these and a hundred other marvel- lous achievements of men long since dust, here, escaped from the clutch of time, glimmered and shone in the mass of treasure as Faraj turned it about beneath the light of his waning candle. Here at last, at this unexpected moment, appeared the treasure of Nephron to the eye of a murderer and a prisoner ! to him who could neither personally profit by the dis- covery nor proclaim it to the world. One other man alone knew of the tunnel down which Faraj had fallen, and that man was dead. The thing desired, dreamed of, prayed for, had come indeed ; but a time must be at hand when this lonely wretch would be glad enough to barter every gem and jewel of that vast hoard for a jug of water and a crust of bread. Lust of life reasserted itself in the man before his dis- covery. Egyptian justice fifty years ago was no immaculate thing, and now he dwelt with throbbing brain on the possi- bilities of salvation from death which the treasure of Nephron might compass for him. His light began to wane and the hot wax touched his hand. He turned, there- fore, and continued his scrutiny with special reference to the dark entrance of the trea- surehouse down which he had fallen. That he should have received no injury argued an inconsiderable descent, and for a mo- ment hope flickered again in the dead ashes of his soul. Above him opened the hole down which he had come and below it lay the dust. Investigation showed the aper- ture in the roof to be just above his reach, but by piling the treasure of Nephron be- low it, standing upon the glittering heap, Faraj could get his head and shoul- ders into the tunnel and hold the candle above him. Then the man's heart leaped, for on a level with his eyes appeared the first of a succession of foot-holes cut deep in the stone. It was clear that the shaft had firmed a regular means of entrance to the treasure-house. Chance had opened the upper end beneath the Krio-Sphinx ; and Faraj now doubted not that it was within his power to ascend again to sunlight and life if he would do so. Yet upon this discovery he hesitated. The man with whom he had sworn to share such fortune as should fall to him was gone beyond call of gold or silver or precious stone. The old friendship, dimmed by no vision of Layla's bright eyes, recurred to his mind ; and for the first time personal fear gave place to per- sonal sorrow before the deed he had done. His own safety gave him less and less con- cern. Among Moslems none may testify of what he has not seen with his own eyes ; therefore no one but himself could declare his crime. Only God, and the devil, and the dead, had power to accuse him. With the possibility of an increase of life before him its desirability waned. He thought of the riches beneath his feet. After all, though they seemed so vain, such anti- climax to the great tragedy of his life when first he found them, yet they had made it possible for him to save the wretched existence if now he chose to do so. Without them piled beneath his feet he could nevermore have left the treasure house. Long he debated with himself, then de- termined at least to clamber back into the world and see the sun and moon again before he died. The toil of ascending was laborious enough to one faint for food and drink, and with a mind greatly overwrought ; but Faraj accom- plished his design, struggled with bleeding knees and elbows up the last yard or two of the shaft (which offered no foothold, but was fortunately narrow enough to be scaled by latereal pressure of legs and arms), and then fell exhausted and out of breath in the sweeter air of the chamber above. Presently he passed through the dark, familiar ways into a night of silver stars, with Venus in the arms of the young moon. Then life looked a good thing again, and the man's tongue was loosened, and he prayed to Allah for pardon and wept bitter tears as he crossed the lonely sand. The recovered treasure left his mind as Salim Subra filled it once again. So, with weak feet, he neared the spot where he had slain his friend, and his blood froze in his veins at the sound of a jackal's howl from the crater of stones ; but he steeled himself to the ordeal, and hastened onward to drive the unclean beast from the dead. As he hurried across the little cup of sand, a pair of dark night scavengers turned with brist- ling backs and gleaming teeth at his intrusion. He saw the moonlight glimmer in their amber eyes ; he heard their angry yelp and snarl ; then, as he came on, they turned tail and skulked into the darkness of the adjacent rocks. There upon Faraj sought, trembling, only to find that the silver mystery of the night brooded over an empty space. On the sand was a dark patch of dry blood sur- rounded by the paw marks of the beasts ; that was all ; and gazing further the Arab saw that no concourse of men had borne the dead away, for the tell-tale sand must have revealed that story. Only one strag- gling and uncertain line, such as the feet of the drunken draw, appeared ; and it led with bend and break backward to Dashur. Salim Subra had surely come to life again and passed on his own legs home- wards. For a moment Faraj sank down in a wordless prayer of thanksgiving to Allah ; then he pressed forward with his remain- ing strength in mingled joy and fear. Now he rejoiced that murder was not written in the Book against him ; now he feared at every shadow on the way that he had found his friend, fallen again, this time in reality a corpse. His thought was to surrender himself to justice, as became one whom Allah had mercifully preserved from deadly sin ; but he changed his mind, and, on reaching the village, determined just to visit the abode of Salim Subra and learn his fate, together with particulars of the hope of life remain- ing to him. Neither weeping nor wailing marked the lonely home of his friend. The place was silent under the night, but the beam of a candle glowed from the open window, and gazing through it, Faraj saw the man he had left for dead, lying peace- ful, with open, living eyes, upon his couch. Beside him stood one skilled in the frame- work of men and in the herbs and medica- ments proper to all its ills ; bandages were about the sufferer's brow, and he lay awake and sensible. Then the newcomer entered, cried aloud, sank upon his knees beside the sufferer, and bent low until his head touched the ground. IV. For a fortnight Salim Subra lay between life and death ; then the white angel had her way, and he returned by slow degrees to health. Day and night did Faraj minister at the couch of the injured man, and then, when it was told him that Salim would not die, he too tottered on the verge of peril, and his brain was stricken with fever, in the wild ravings of which he uttered many mad words of an under- world wherein the incarnate gods of Egypt still dwelt and guarded the treasure of Nephron. But in time it pleased Allah that each young man should come again to his full strength and powers of body and mind. They conversed together, as friends con- verse, and marvelled that no sign or token of black-eyed Layla had reached Salim whilst he lay at the door of death. The mystery was not long in solving, and when summer had come, and Salim and Faraj were mighty busy about some private con- cerns, which required many visits to high places in Cairo, it chanced that, on one occasion of passing through the bazaar, Faraj ran upon Layla, and recognised her, and had some speech with her. "It is true then," he said, "that your father, old Nasim Cirbari, hath left Dashur and now abides in the city ?" "Aye," she answered. " 'Twas ever my wont to be plain with thee, Faraj Tabit, and I will be now. A girl has but one life, and though I loved thee well enough, thou- hadst little to give in exchange, and little to promise a wife. So, at my father's wise speech, I consented to wed with Salim." "Then how comes it—" "Hear me. We saw him not on the morn of the Mahmoud, and so went our way, counting to meet with him at the house of Aziz-ul-Hajj, his uncle. But he came not, though the good man had a feast, and spread for us ducks stuffed with pista- chio nuts, sweatmeats scented with musk and attar, rice and honey, red wine and white. These things are dear to me, and I love them ; while old, wifeless 'Aziz, looking upon me, loved me, and—and— "No need to say more." "A girl can only live her life once. ls it not so ? That is why Salim passed from my mind. Here was the fortune he promised at first hand. My husband, for we are wedded, is not passing rich, yet well-to-do and comfortable withal." "Why, truly, 'Aziz-ul-Hajj holds some store of paltry trinkets and tin gods and stone scarabs, whose origin is hidden from the credulous that buy them ; but con- sider, woman, the treasure of Nephron ! Was that not worth while waiting a little for ?" She laughed. "Poor children ! Still grubbing in the dark for that ! Give me the thing that is sure." "Wretched, stone-hearted fool !" he hurst out. "Go to thy dotard, and thy roast duck ! Drink thy sour wine, and glory in thy pitiful prosperity. Allah has been merciful to two young men, and heaped a curse on the grey hairs of an old one. Begone to thy unhappy husband, false, lying daughter of Iblis ; and tell him that Salim Subra and Faraj Tabit have come at the treasure of Neph- ron in very truth that the world of Egypt will ring with a wonder before the new moon. Tell him that great news, evil one ; and know thyself, for thy future reflections, that either of those whom thou put to shame before the people might now, if so he willed it, buy a hundred times over all the rubbish in thy husband's house. Thou- sands of pounds of yellow English gold are ours, and we depart ere long from the shores of Egypt to the greater world beyond. Our souls dwells within us, one love—that of each for the other— animates us ; and may God blacken our faces if ever again we trust our hearts in a woman's keeping if ever again we suffer eyes or ears, or any sense of our bodies, to be conquered by a woman's wiles !" So saying, and indeed prophesying vain things in the whirlwind of his anger, Faraj Tabit swept away, and Layla, the wife of the curio merchant, felt her heart turned to gall as she watched him depart. 