FACTS AND RUMOURS. The London sugar market is depressed. European «heat markets are declining. The GermanB are supplying the Boers with arms. The Wesleyan Centenary Fund has reached £25,000. The mining boom at Inverell is continuing to increase. 1 Mrs. Finlayson, 82, a Shoalhaven pioneer, died at Nowra. ? \- A Juvenile OffendersBill is tobe introduced into Parliament this session. In the London metal inarketB, copper, iron, and silver are higher ; tin is lower. The Beichstag shelved the Strikers' Bill, which was supported by the Emperor. A section of the French press describes Premier Rousseau as the "Socialists' pris- oner." Maclean District Court opens on Thursday. A libel action, T. Penrose v. Advocate, is on the list. It is now apparent that tho colony of West Australia does not intend to join ia the Federation. A serious outbreak of small-pox has occurred in Hull. Out of 61 cases reported, 13 proved fatal. Dean Selwyn, of Newcastle, is slowly sinking, and the hope of his recovery is faint in the extreme. The Khalifa has sustained another defeat. His forces are starving, and have been driven to cannibalism. The new French Minister for War favours the acquittal of Dreyfus and an amnesty to the General Staff. The present Primitive Methodist Confer- ence has sanctioned the federation of the Church in Australia. > Staff-captain Hammond has been appointed to take charge of the Armidale division of the Salvation Army. ., Mr. Stonier, of N.S.W.'.has been opp', ¡"tated mining specialist to the Geological Survey Department of India. Rev. Father Byan, of Ballina, leaves for Sydney to-morrow to undergo an operation in connection with one of his eyes. It is suggested at Melbourne that Lord Beauchamp might be temporarily appointed Governor-General of the Federation. Las Marinas, the township in Luzon where the Filipinos recently ambuscaded the Americans, bas been captured by the latter. Cardinal Vaughan says that since the publication of the Pope's Encyclical to the English people, the. converts to the Catholic Church in England have numbered 9,000 a year. Five 12,000-ton steamers are being built to the order of the White Star line for a monthly service between Liverpool and Australia. During the past fortnight 30,000 acres of land on the Darling Downs (Q), have been sold to New Zealand and Victorian purchasers. In the Banco Oourt last week, E, J. Smith and wife were awarded £1150 damages against the Railway Commissioners for injuries received by the female plaintiff in a tram collision. The Melbourne " Age," in an article, deals with " the cool assumption that Sydney possesses the ghost.of.a, preferential right to the Federal Parliament. An attractive programme is announced for Cowper Convent concert?to-morrow evening, at which the Mayor of Ulmarra will present the certificates and medals gained by the pupils in the T.O.L. examination. The annual meeting of the Clarence Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society will be held at the Protestant Hall on Thursday evening, when addresses will be delivered hy resident ministers and others. Mr. E. Webb, M.L.C., died at Parkes on Friday night, aged 09, from bronchitis. Ho came to the colony when 17 years of agc, and was for several years Mayor of Bathurst. John Tait, driver ,.of the coach from Meridith to Steiglitz (Vic), was thrown over the Moorabool Bridge, into the river, through the horses falling, and was drowned. Thomas Fraser, of Upper Bucca, has applied for » patent for an improved amalgamator for saving gold from battery tailings and beach or other auriferous sands, A total eclipse of the moon took place on Friday, night. It could not be seen at Grafton owing to the cloudy nature of the night. Some who were not aware of the eclipse, could not understand what made the night so extremely dark. The Royal Foresters annual social will take place in the Bink this evening. Good music and an excellent supper have been arranged. The punt will make special tripB at 1.CO and 2 a.m."for the convenience of South Grafton visitors. Mrs. Green will return to "Westbrook" Lodge (late Dallinga), South Grafton, next week, and will be "at home" on Thursday and Friday afternoons in each week. The Bishop will return to Grafton next month. The following mineral leases will be cancelled on Friday next - White Rock silver mines, 40 and 00a., West Fairfield ; F, Hayes, 20a ; John See, jun,, 40a., parish Puhoi. ' No less than forty firms in Sydney receive consignments of maize from maize- growers in the colony. From 1st January to 31st May, of this year, 183,051 bags were consigned to agents, and of this number 57,611 were received in May-8123 by John See and Co., 7330 by Farmers Co-operative Co., 7205 by T. M'Hugb. 3422 by P. Hogan. The '.Live Stock Journal states that American Protectionists appear likely to be hoist with their own petard before long, as it is proposed to raise the duty on imported horses in France from 2C0 to 400 francs. Further instances of race antagonism are reported. At Richmond, Virginia, seven negresses having been engaged to work in a shirt factory, the three hundred .white girls already employed there immediately left work refusing to return unless the black workers were discharged. At Cumberland, Maryland, a. white mau, named Myers, hearing that a negro had attempted to assault a-white woman, went in pursuit of the alleged offender, and shot him dead with a gun. He then surrendered to the Sheriff, stating what he had done. The gates and privileges in connection with the CR. J.O. July races will bo submitted to auction on Thursday by Mr. J. H. Munro, and in view of thc prospects of a very successful meeting should realise . about £150. . At the prize distribution in connection with the sewing exposition held last week in Sydney, several .prizes went to Tomki and Lismore schools. His Excellency the Governor and the Minister of Public Instruction visited Fort street Training School. The visit occupied nearly two hours, and the Governor was impressed with the magnitude of the chief primary educational establishment of the colony.. . ... -...».' ' Afc the Grafton . Debating Society next Thursday, Mr. Wm. Niland will move : "That, in the opinion of this house, it is desirable that the present system bf electing the Mayor, as provided for in the Munici- palities Act, be abolished, and in lieu thereof a provision that the Mayor be elected by the vote of the ratepayers of the Borough That nominations for the Mayorship j«*) made on a prescribed form by nt least 20 ratepayers, whose rates are fully paid up. That the nominee must be a duly elected alderman. Bight Bov. Joseph Higgins, of Sydney, has -, been appointed B.C. Bishop of Rock- hampton. Bishop Higgins has, during his period of coadjutorship in New South Walep, made himself well known und well beloved. The Peace Conference endorsed the prohi- bition of the use of Dum Dum bullets despite tho opposition of the British and American delegates. Writing from the Transvaal, a correspond- ent states-" Outside of mining, this country is fifty years behind Australia, and you can thank the fates that you have no Dutch element. We have to import more than half of our food supply, and in Johannesburg we are eating Australian butter, bread made from Australian flour ; milk also is now being imported from there in- a frozen condition, thawed in a specially designed establishment, and delivered daily all over the town. The plum pudding ana ham I had at Christmas were from Australia ; and altogether one can feel proud that, in spite of the bad times you are suffering from, you are miles ahead of South Africa, and likely to keep the lead." 