^mmmmmmm P W'i' ^ ^ h t d n e ; .r AS W n M U A l STORY. fr i • • OHAPJER II.—CONTINUED* ,'rf AI-.!' " a.-;' i Jasper, the father, was neatly eighty frears of age, and the sons were beyond aaiddle age. Father andsonshad been Btmi at St. Columb, and had passed most of i lives mining f yaried with occasional flabing when the sesk was calm. It was not longafter the ship strock that •Jasper ami his sons noticed fragments of ilOeek drilting into the bay, and they pulled :®hottt in the hops of. secariag so me thin g The people of the village regarded a wreck as their own especial property, and iftfey had no qualms of conscience regarding the appropriation of anything that came within thsir reach from Bach a source. . Jasper an$ his sops were engaged examthibg a mass of floating wreckage when ',<hw were somewhat startled by the sound of % human Voice to seaward. It was but a faint cry, but to the practisedCarsof the men it told its tale. : , & must be a survivor's cry to come from such a direction the men instinctively -knew, and loosing the wreckage they had fcoekfed the boat was instantly turned towards the spot'the sound came from. In a few moments a second feeble cry was (heard, fainter than the first, but in the thick ^darkness nothing could be discerned save tthe white crested waves thai broke against ithe rocks. \- They bad almost reached the mouth of : Cove, and. Jasper, who had ignited an oil lamp and was holding it above his head, \- aaif another pile ot wreckage-sweep by. Bythe flickering gleamofthe light the occupants of fcheboafcsaw a struggling obiecfc on the floating mass, which-turned ont •to be a portion of the ship's bulwarks, but almost as they looked a huge wave dashed jibe timber against * jutting rock, and with ,-a smothered cry the living object disappeared. Impelled with the deaire to save life the aifii pulled perilously near to the boiling eanldron of the entrance, and astbey did so \ sheet of the broken timber swept bythe frail craft and a gleam of something white on it caught the old man's eye. * Stretching out his hand he caught the foJjppecL, Which seemed to be a bundle of Iflothes, and as it was of little weight he lifted it into the boat. Examining it with the aid of the light they were astounded to find that it contained a child, and in a few moments Jasper was convinced that it lived. The boat had by this time been drifting back into the Opve and knowing how necessary it was to provide warmth for the almost inanimate infant the men at once pulled back to the beach and landed wnongst the wondering few who remained Ihere. \ Mrs. Trenoweth was the first woman that Michael Jasper saw, and when she took the waif so miraculously preserved her motherly tenderness was aroused and she claimed the care of the child. This was at once conceded, for there were no women-folk in the Jasper household, and the care of»an infant wonld>have been awk- WWt „ > I P, / :• -r :, By dint *bi tiarl ihr bhild was brought *ouad and at daylight seemed little the Worse for the awful Experience ' ot' the night. - #ot of all on board the ship the child was this only soul saved, and the wondering people of St. Golumb regarded her for it Was a female-raa ^specially under Divine «ure. „ * ' Where is ?no:.jdogfgjt» ^hat-^e criea which first t£t&b; from" and was lost whoa the floating wreckage struck the rock. •.••.• • Therewasnever the slightest cine found to the 44entity t)f the lost veBselynndi he the asS^WaS^tiw Sat' name, and there was little doubt she was of Southern extraction. ' ;«jTbere w*s 46thifig- iii ^mmbn^tWeen Jber and the secluded hamlet, and consequently she was not a favourite with them. ^ EdwarS T^aowetli was-a *pirite|l and handsome youl∧ more to her liking. « The fr&ndifcripihat; existed between them' • developed in^o.ardent love on his part and Boii&e; degree of affection on hers. &t; best it wasbuV Love's young dream. ^ At the age of sixteen Edward departed •troM Btyb'ojk leaves 0^ng.$0;-jft^gjn^^ one of the masters. During his two year's sojourn. there he had not wasted his time but had made, fair progress with his studies; The spirit of .his ancestors seemed to possess .him, f* be evinced a decided inclination for the life of a miner. Both his pareinte tried to dissuade him from that pursuit^ bat it was in vain, and soon after ; he took part With his father in the working of the mine. This pursuit possessed an infatuation for . him and. he speedily acquired a practical knowledge of geology. His theoretical knowledge stood him in good need, aud before he was tiro years in tbe mine he was regarded as quite an authority by the rough miners. This was in the latter end of 1865, and no one guessed of the awful calamity that was even then throwing its shadows over hamiet. CHAPTER IIL the doomed: THE WHEAL MEBLIFF. ; One ot the most ancient mines in venerable Cornwall was the Wheal Merlin. Its underground workings extended for miles and formed a perfect labyrinth likely to prove fatal to the uninitiated explorer. Having been worked for hundreds of years nearly every spot was hallowed or cursed by the memory of a fatal disaster. The awe-struck miner would show the visitor places where human self-sacrifice had reached sublime heights, or maj hap where personal malice in vengeful mood had invoked aid of death to remove a hated rival or to gain a little wealth. Every subterranean gallery was filled with unwritten and unpainted legends, but to the superstitious miners and residents of the district they were infinitely more real and enduring than if wrought in marble or bronze. Considering the primitive manner in which the mine had for ages been worked it was a marvel that the accidents had not been more numerous and more serious. I Even with simple appliances in use a great depth had been attained, and the work . of ages had caused the district around St. | Columb's Cove to be honeycombed with un- | dergronnd drives. | ^ In olden times the mine was noted for its rich yields and miniature battles had been fought for its possession. An ancient representative of the Trenoweth family, who had been worsted above ground at the outposs from which he defended his property, took refuge below, and for several days fought the enemy in its drives. His better knowledge of these ramifications enabled him to triumph, but the victory was a hard one. A villager named Pentold, who worked in the mine, was either bribed or forced into showing the enemy underground, and this man paid dear for his treachery. Having been captured, the enraged miners took him to the surface and then dropped him seven hundred feet to the bottom of the main Bhaft. • His was one of the ghosts that was said to walk by the credulous people, and whenever the phantom appeared it was looked upon aa an omen of fast approaching evil to the people of the hamiet. Such superstition as this may appear childish to the matter-of-fact people of today in Australia. It shoulfl not be forgot. t£h; iioweveri th'at;eyen at this lifter end of the nineteenth century, -there still lingers in many parts of Gornwall superstitions fee- : liefs that ceased to obtain followers in.other Mining ia essentially a precarious and ^mmnni^tipn , wi^h % busy Wrltf, strangeip*acl that the miners employ ed • in the Wh6al Merlin should still chsriBh the ibjH^jlj^ey had some ground for«the strangei»eliefs theyheld^ / f T; ; ^ 4 owfeth had met the phanone or^he drives of the WtieaiMer. W A ' • I * ' , . The menacingly in a northerly directaoji, and then, like the usual Orthodox ,k gfciop|| ' ' vanished. ««Trenoweth was a man more .. sceptical for^Gornishman'' anl^ ! & |4?4p|eais^e W 'iifa- tijr ce#t&i; of tha^ihi^ebj whin W told-i them of the apparition. "fW fi^t'tfial- he^sho'tild' .notwinrk" : 'in thl MXe for w weefr'atid a *day t>r harm would befall himl\ .«•* • - {•v \ • *••'• - - r Tiie period a week and 'a day .was universally considered as the longest in which a spirit could exercise4 * 1- malign •• . - influence. \ '' I , . Even Mrs. Trenoweth urged her husband to take heed cf tbe :i warning given, but he Kae ; 9haurat,e: He pointed out, like a BhreV^,^sensible man^at -lie was, that he could not seie how working the mine would pdbcipitalte big fate any sooner than remaining above ground for a few days and perhaps having an encounter with some straggling smugglers or piratas who might drop into the Cove. If his hour had come his bolt would fall equally sure above ground as a few hundred ' feet beiovr the surface. This is the view that the practical man of to-day wonld lake in such matters^ but the sequel showed that Trenoweth should have taken the, kindly advice. Next morning he descended the shaft in company with nine men who were embned with the courage of their master, but none of them ever came to the surface again alive. Shortly after soon an outburst of air from the main shaft told the alarmed villagers that some catastrophe had happened, and they flocked to the mouth of the mine. Some of the experienced miners when they heard the Tush of air knew but too well the nature of the fatality. It was evident to them that an inrush of water had taken place, and this proved to be the case. When a few of the more daring descended the ladders they found that the shaft was nearly half full of flood waters. It was thirty feet above the drive where Trenoweth and his men were working, and it was certain that they must have perished. They were working in the main drive to the: north and Jthe. fatality waB soon found to have been caused by the bursting in of water from an old mine that had not been worked for a century. It was weeks before the bodies were recovered, and the villagers went about their task as if obeying a command of fate. They shook their heads and shrugged their shoulders but said little, for they knew that Trenoweth had paid with his life his disregard of the phantom's warning. And so from genera*'on to generation these grim legends of spectral appearances and their results were handed down until they seized on men's minds and became clothed in the habiliments of reality, presenting themselves as infallible articles of flesh and blood. CHAPTER IV. THE CATASTROPHE. It has already been stated that when Edward TfBttoweth took charge of the mine he at once introduced an improved system of working.. ; By deeper sinking he felt justified in be Keying that he would be able to follow the rich .lode further seawards with perfect safety. In years gone by drives had been put in westward as far as it was deemed prudent, but a large portion of the lode which was the richest in the j mine had to be left un- Worked through ieat of the sea breaking ^through/,'j,,. •, , When, therefore, Trenoweth put the western shaft down a hundred feet and made; a .survey,,he calcplAted,(that. he could drive a long distance under the; Cove without feaT ofa'&urst.;' "" •''< be set to work to do with" energy, and his enterprise w&i; soon rewarded. ', Hfe tiucefT £ 'co^deinSile' portion'' of the lode .and, the returns it gave were ; richer tiian the oldest miner In the Wheal Merlin could xementoer: v ' Q-fiuifa rlftimoBft Bpejn^d, as ( if,^f^rtui^e' jfo" snaile once again .upon the' .Ito^hi^^^i: ' ifnapifain^io^ he ^^^^fd^^^^ijtf.: this ftict may account for the mututl affection which>h|d grown np between them. As the iode^utTied out so well Edward put as manymen to Work as COP Id do flo conveniently, and thie driyea were'spon considerably extended. i As the upper workings approached the sea they were' abandoned and jdl the'bpora- |ion£|f$re^Bonifin^[?t9 Ih^^wesC^evjel^ ' • STohth affer month auccesslul work was expended on this drive, and it so well re • warded, the owner that the almost -extinct hamlet of St. Coiumb began to prosper.; ' A mild sort of boom had set in, and it onlyneededT a few colonial " syndicators " and speculators to have established a fleeting pityin the venerable place. In 1869 the prosperity of the mine was at its height, and the Trenoweth family were considered to be on the high road to wealth. In November of that year Edward'made a survey of the lower western drive, and he calculated that it extended fully one hnndred yards under ttfe Cove. His intention was to continue the workings to the outer edge of the Cove and then discontinue. Prudence dictated to him that once the open ocean was reached it would not be eafe to drive, although the level might be far below the sea bottom. He knew the Cove sufficiently to understand that the ceaseless beating of the Atlantic rollers on the iron-bound coast could not fail, after ages of effort, to honeycomb the cliffs. In places where soft strata existed fissures would thus be worn to a great depth, and to drive in such a place would be to invite disaster. Inside the Cove the cose was, of course, different. Sheltered from the fury and force of the eroding waves the weight of the water above the drive was the main point to be considered. At least that was the view which Edward Trenoweth took, and it was one which would be shared by most experts. As Christmas time approached Trenoweth decided to celebrate the merry festival in a way worthy of his name. He had reason to bless the fost dying year, for wealth and happiness had placed their benediction on him since the previous Christmas. Inez Jasper promised to be his wife, and ; the Wheal Merlin had given up some of its buried treasure to him. He was happy and he desired that the good villagers should share his joy in some measure. : On the 20th of December Morris Jones, the underground boss—as the position is colonially termed—met Edward near the main shaft, and spoke to him— " There is a good deal of water coming up from the bottom of the west drive, sir, near the end ." 1 » From the bottom?" Edward queried in | surprise. I " Yes, sir." " I will go down and have a look at it. You must have struck a spring, surely Z" j " It is a spring of salt water, then, sir," Jones replied. Without further conversation the two men went below, and thence along the western drive. About four feet from the face Trenoweth sure enough saw a small spring of water bubbling up from the floor of the drive. With the aid of the flickering lights he made a careful examination of the drive in the vicinity, but there was nothing to cause alarm. The roof of the drive was remarkably dry, and it was there that Edward looked for danger. The men working at the face seemed a bit uneasy at first, but after Trenoweth's examination and bis emphatic statement that there was no danger to be apprehended they were re-assured, As he turned to go back Edward stooped to examine the strange, bubbling spray ^ j It did, not seem to be increasing in flow and the force was not considerable, so concluding that it was only the outlet of a small natural cistern he went baok again to tbe surface. I About noon on the 23rd of December the Trenpwetbs $aw Jones ;; coming to the house, where he had been , during the morning •assisting in the preparations for the Christmas festivities. .> • Inez jasper was With him, and Edward -looked the picture of' radiant liajipinWas he r Came pttt to meet the loremah. " , ',i ^thte matter now. MoTria?" he iwest-ore Jhb?; 7 fgiki^B^rijb- ^-^etn^eoried.. -"Tbeyi ai^.;-; tibtfire/uif.. dftti^erhh6ad.';Tfae ®ightahift tdldme this .inaijjralijpithey/heaW^aedrkoises, and- 1 jartiv.r.aac. ^ " I don't know*w replied Jones. '"'SMriftfiasfe I tirink is no danger,- and then again I don't pure of it. That spring is Will jntninfr _ stronger than before—bat it vis not thai am afraid of. There is occAsion^Iy a qi andif left ^opj^ Mr ^a leWfiin jneces soale off without apparent causa: is also gettihg knuch' Wetter; arid, ia the whole face is, weeping " (mixing for oozing).—To be Continued. Yf 