ALONE WITH A UHOST. SHUDDERING NIGHT IN AN HOTEL. Wiiile under the direction of tho Lyceum Bureau, during the decade 1870 1880 (writes Elizabeth Cady Stanton, in tho United States 11 Journalist ") I travellod eight mouths in the year, from October to June, mostly in the Western States, peaking nearly every night. It was my custom in the large cities to stay st the same hotel, that the landlords and claries might know me, and I might ho received ut any hour of the night. If possible I always secured a room on tho second floor with a balcony, for safety ia case of fire. 1 One night I arrived rather late at lodisuspolis, having previously tele graphed. The hotel was crowded, ns there wis some unusual public gather ing, just what I do not remember. On meeting me in the parlours my klud, butdistracted host. said : 11 Mrs. Stanton, I have not a room in the bouse for you. I am sorry, but you will be obliged to go to some other hotel." " That," I replied, " I cannot do ; ynu must givu no a bed in the parlnur if you have no other place." "Well," said the host, laughing, " I'll see what I can do." So while I was takiog suppor he surveyed the ground sud st last returned to tell cue he had a small room on the third floor, hut with no balcony. If I would accept that ha would have it prepared for me. "Well," I replied, "since I can do no better, I must accept that." In due time he announced, that ull was ready. I found a pleasant little room, lighted with gas, a bright (ire in the gmto. Everything looking fresh, clean and at tractive. Being very tired, t lost no time in going to bed. As usual, 1 left the gas burning, and looked under tbe bed and in tba closet, to seo that neither men nor cats were anywhere concealed. 1 was soon sound asleep, when suddenly I fuuqd myself iu the strong grasp of a powerful man. At tho tame instant cry of despair rent the air, an agonised voice shrieked, " Oh, save mo, mother ! Save me ! " Terribly frightened, I sprang from the bed in horror. Hut nil was atill. I searched the room in vain. No one was there, the gas wis still bunt log, the door locked, everything as 1 left it on going to sleep, So 1 concluded tbe terrible experience I just bad must have been a nightmare, and as 1 wan thoroughly tired by my long journey of the previous day, my excitement was soon overcome and 1 fell asleep again. Only a few mumeots had elupsed, how- ever, when I again felt tbe clutches of thoee desperate arms, and my eurs were filled with the nound of that piercing shriek : " Oh, save me, mother ! Save me!" Again I shook off the horror, end, fully awoke, convinced myself that I was alone, and that no one bud entered my room. Gradually I grow calm, und then, from sheer exhaustion, slept once more. My rest was as brief us before, for in an instant, it seemed, the grip was around me, and the voice tore nt my very heartstrings: MOb,saveuie, mother I Save me 1 " It is useless to rehearse the continued torture oi tout night. Kuttice it to soy that with the dawn only it ceased. When tbe maid came to make the fire, she said: "How did you sleep, madam 1" I replied, "I have had a night of intense suffering." "Ob," cried she bursting into tears. " 1 told thein not to put you iu this room. A mou died here yesterday with delirium tremem. Hie cries could be heard over the whole bouse. For days bis constant . appeal was : " Oh, save mo, mother ! Save me!" Thie startling corroboration of my recent impressions quite unnerved nio. I begged the maid to remain until I could leave the room whose walls had witnessed and were etill repeating tho despairing appeal of that distracted smil I never think of that night in Indian apolis without a shudder. 