CHILDREN'S FE'ARS. . Children's fears need very careful handling if a child is to be brought up to be a cautious but yet brave man or wo man. Fear should not be confused with cowardice, for a child or person who performs, 'an act in spite of his fear of consequences or clanger, is a far braver person than one who never felt such fear. Fears are not a sign of mental weakness, but very often of superior in telligence and excitability, and the child who struggles against his fears is one who should be commended for brav ery.- Cowardice is a refusal to face dan gers, imaginery or real, of which a per son is afraid ;? but some of the bravest soldiers have acknowledged themselves to have been really afraid on occasions when 'thef- have distinguished them selves the most. One cannot treat every fear that a child expresses in the same way, for some things' for which he may be afraid are unreasonable, and can easily be ex plained away; others are reasonable, and founded on previous experience, while again, others are wholly imagin ary, and these are amongst the most difficult to combat. In some children one kind is often more noticed than another, but very -.often all exist in the suiiie pursuu. i.'ur cxumpiu, 'him ie,ir ui being alone in the dark is not a reason able fear if you come to analyse it, the child not having had personal experi ence of 'dangers' which, come to it in the dark ; but it is a fear which seems to be ingrained in the human race, and even some dogs feel it, and it is one which needs the most careful reasoning to overcome. Many children, however, are entirely devoid of this kind of fear. The best method of overcoming it is to let two or three children go into a dark room together and move about so as to find some object, such as a large india rubber ball which has been hidden. They must be told to move very gently so as not to knock themselves. The fear of falling is, of course, na tural in every child who has-experienced pain in consequence of a fall, but in some it is exaggerated, more especially as they get older, and many grown persons cannot go near the edge of a cliff, look down a steep place, or even sit in the front row of the upper part of a .theatre, without experiencing the most painful sensations. The fear of ghosts and goblins has generally been engendered by an ignor ant or mischievous nurse. There are many servants who will endeavor to frighten a child, saying the 'Black man' will fetch/him, or the goblin will come in the night if he does not behave him self. Any- such fear expressed by a child should be a signal for a most minute inquiry amongst the servants, and anyone found guilty in this respect should be. dismissed at once, as there is no crime greater than that of instilling such horrible feelings into a child's mind. In this .respect also parents should be very careful in overlooking the literature which is read to children or given them to read after they are able to do so ; for many a thing that a child has heard or read will impress itself upon his mind so as to be a constant source of terror and misery. The fear of thunder, as apart from any question of injury from the electri city, is an instinctive one, and is felt by animals other than man. It- is often im possible to overcome this by reasoning, but an effort should be made by ex plajining the nature of thunder and lightning, and the extreme rarity of accidents from it. With regard to fears ol! physical harm, these are more easily overcome than imaginary ones, as, for example, in teaching a child to swim or to ride a b'icycle, gentleness and perseverance are the best means of overcoming such fears. As regards physical dangers, however, the child should certainly be taught cau tion, .especially when very jwmg, as, ibr example, in going up and down stair?, where, a fall -may have- very seri «HS consequences for. it. 