A LEAP INTO OCEAN. A COUPLETS STOBT. ' I might have known it. I was a foo to think otherwise 1' Jack Horn "spoke moodily, bitterly Had he not just seen his greatest hop« erambie into nothingness ? 1 Forgive me, Miss Fairweather. ] had no right to speak to you as I have True it is that my happiness depended on it* yeti ought to have remembered my position. "Why do you not remine me of it ?' ' Don't talk like that,' said the g!r at his side beseechingly. ' I do indeed wish that you bad not spoken, for mj answer bas given you pain, and I an very, very sorry. I, who would never wittingly harm anybody, have caused you this deep distress. But ii -if you think bf me as you say yoi do, you cannot believe that I could hold your confession lightly. I arr sure that no true woman could BOOK the love of any man.' 'Even though he be her father't clerk,' he laughed in his despair. ' Bul no, Miss Fairweather, you are incap' able of such a thing. My love is £ part of my life ; ? if you despise the one you trample on the other. And yet they must be separated somehow, Heigh ho 1 I've been pursuing a path 'which I knew must prove a onhde-sao. Now I must turn back and begin all j over again.* [ There was a silence. Tho trees rustled in pity, but no sympathy came with the cold light of the stars. The man leaned forward upon the garden j seat, his handß clasped between his knees, his face turned to the ground. The girl looked npon him with tear dimmed, troubled eyes. The sound of song and laughter floated through the open Freneh windows of the brilliantly lighted drawing room. Mirth within, misery without. Mr. Josiah Fairweather, of the great house of Fairweather Brothers, was entertaining his employees. This was not an infrequent occurrence. He held the democratic view that an em- ployer should always be on intimate* and even familiar, tero» with those with whom he spends most of his time. Amongst his guests this'evening, therefore, was his manager, . Mr. Eeuben Grosse. It was generally known that tho latter was soon to become a partner in the firm, and it was rumoured that he was engaged to Miss Fairweather. This, however, was not strictly true. Mr. Fairweather admired the undoubted business capa- cities of the man, and it was said that his coolness and judgment had saved the house at a very critical period in its history. His employer was inclined, therefore, to look with no little favour upon such an engagement. His-daughter, however, did not love Eeuben Grosse, though it was equally true that she did not love. Jack Horn. Still, she felt interested in him. A sudden impulse had wrung from him a confession that she knew he had no right to make, and it bad startled ber into a negative answer. He bad pleaded with her, besought her to wait, to givo him some little hope. She desired to gain time, but feared to encourage him, and still aaid " No." To the youngman that woman's "No" was like a closed gate between them, which he could never hope to unlock an impregnable barrier between him- self and his master's daughter. He told himself that he must yield to social usage; that she was not for him ; that wealth only could hope to possess her -wealth, which meant a union of lives, and not love-a union of hearts. The girl broke a silence which was becoming embarrassing. ' Shall we go in ?' she said. He rose and led her into tho draw . ing-room. 'How. now, Helen?' cried her j father. ' You aro pale, my dear. Mr. Horn,|you should not have kept her so long in the/damp air.' ; Eeuben Crosse glanced at them sus- piciously. Horn met bis gaze, and it jettied bim. Could it ba true, thought ;he latter, that Crosse was engaged to Selen? He had not imagined it pos lible. He wished he had asked her. II. Great heavens ! Can it be possible ?' 4 "What'8 wrong, Horn ?.' ' All right, old chap. Croase has made a blander here, that's all.' 4 Bather an unusual thing for bim. Do you know, I thought you were ill. Your face turned as white as a ghost's.' Horn bent over the ledger he waB examining. A horrible suspicion had flashed upon him. He could scarcely realise the situation. The conver- sation of his fellow-clerkB jarred upon him. He longed to be alone, that he might sift this matter to the bottom. It is well to explain that Mr. Fair- weather and his daughter were at their seaside borne in Cornwall. Some matter of business had arisen in his absence, and he bad , telegraphed to his manager to come down to him without delay. Eueben Crosse bad just wired back from Cornwall saving that the business had been satis- factorily concluded, and that Mr. Fairweather had invited him to stay for three or four days. "Would Mr. Horn take overthe direction of affairs ? Some time later, and by the merest accident, Horn made an alarming discovery- to wit, that certain impor- tant accounts had been grossly falsi- fied. Following up his investigations he came to the conclusion that there were some terribly grave errors in the books committed to Eeuben Crosse's care. Then came the thought which drew from bim his exclamation. Could it be possible that Eueben Crosse was an imposter of the basest kind, a betrayer of his confiding and indul- gent maBter p In the evening, when all had gone, he locked himself in his room and commenced a thorough examination. His suspicions were verified; It was clear to bim that Eueben Crosse had embezzled large sums of money. To Buch an extent bad be carried bis fraudulent- schemes, that the finances of the firm were in jeopardy. Jack Horn was but "human. ' "With the discovery there crept into bis mind a certain evil triumph. He tried to crush the thought as altogether base and unworthy of himself, yet he was never quite unconscious of its presence. . He possessed the know- ledge which, when divulged-and he must divulge it-would make his rival a rival no longer. Somehow he felt a kind of awe at the dreadful power given to him-power to cover a name with, ignominy, and to cast a fellow creature from a position of honour and trust to the depths of - shame and despair. Not a moment was to be lost ; he must see Mr. Fairweather without delay, Thus it was that he became seated ia the expresB which steamed out from Paddington at a late hour that night, and which,.while folk were abed and the land lay shrouded in darkness, went roaring through the counties. IH. Mr. Josiah Fairweather stood in the long graBS by the cliff's edge, hiB back to the wind, busily engaged in scan- ning the " money market " in the morning paper. The downs behind him were bathed in brilliant sunshine. Before him " the dreadful summit of the cliff beetled over his base into the Bea." Far below could be heard the heavy shock of the waves rolling in with power from the great deeps of the Atlantic. A fierce gust of wind suddenly wrenched the paper from his grasp. He ruefully observed it as it was borne 'twixt sea and Bky. A girl's gay laugh floated up to him, and a voice, just audible, called «All right, father. I'll get it for you." He recognised his daughter and Eueben Crosse, and waved his hand smilingly. ; Crosse, with his jacket thrown aside, deftly steadied the progress of a light rowing boat. The paper almost rested upon the water. They pursued it. It rose again aggravatingly. The girl made a sudden clutch, overbalanced the boat, and the next instant the occu- pants were struggling in the water. The father, high above, standing terrified, heard his child scream in mortal fear. The sight petrified him. He . gazed at the scene with horror stricken eyes. On rising to the surface, Eeuben Crosse grasped and supported hiB companion. He could swim a little, and he directed his course towards a part of the coast where the rocky beach was not covered by the waves. The tide was in his favour, but half a mile of ocean lay between him and the land. He had accomplished but two hundred yards of the distance when he began to tire. Hitherto, owing to the suddenness of the catastrophe, only a vague, half formed sense of danger held his bewildered mind. With fatigue of body came the clearer workings of the brain, the certainty of the scene, the realisation of imminent peril. It seemed to him that the Bea was en- raged. One cannot comprehend the power of the ocean unlesB engulfed in its yielding depths. It appeared that every stroke of his wearied limbs was futile, that the heaving billows were bearing him farther and farther away. Helen, thongh white to the lips, re- tained her consciousness and presence of mind. " Put your hands on my shoulders," he gasped. "Hold out,Eeuben," she murmured. " For my father's sake, be strong and save me." He swam another two hundred yards, but the sea kept rising above hiB lips and falling away in tiny flecks of Bpume. The weight upon his back was crushing him. It waB not his good angel who whispered to him then to abandon his. burden and save his own life. Eeuben Crosse was not ¿ coward, and he put the horrible suggestion from him ; but he was not a hero, and it came again. If he left the girl, he might gain the shore ; to remain by her meant certain death for both. A few seconds were allowed Lim in which to soire this fearful problem. The memory of the wrong he had committed rose before bim. He felt he dared not die. There waa none to tell him that one deed divinely great might cover a multitude of sins. He forgot his deadly fatigue in the tumult of his brain. He turned quickly upon his side. Helen's grip relaxed, and the next instant the sea rolled between them. He had left her! \- "Eeuben!" she screamed-"good Eeuben, don't leaven-" A wave closed over her mouth. She ended the sentence with a gasp- ing cry, and sank. At the same moment a man shot through the air from the cliff above. Mr. Fairweather had beheld the scene with alternating emotions of hope and despair. He observed the growing languor of the swimmer, the increasing feebleness of bia move- ments. Merciful beaven, he could not see his daughter die before his eye! He looked around wildly for assistance, and saw a man walking in his direction. To this man he called, or screamed, in frenzied tones " Save my daughter ! Oh, sir, save my daughter!" Jack Horn, for it was he, heard that despairing cry, and knew the voice of his employer's. In a second of time it was borne to his ears that the girl of his heart was drowning in the sea he could hear beating against the rocks, that the supreme moment of bis life had come, that now or never he was to prove his love and his cour- age. He swept over the grass like a grey- hound. His coat was flung to tho winds as he ran, then his waistcoat. He could see the ooean stretched out before him in its wonderful, varying shades. He did not hnow how far it lay beneath the Bummit of the cliffs ; he did hot care. He gloried in the triumph of the moment. The old man was pointing in a cer- tain direction. " There-there !" he cried. "Jump there ! For pity's sake be quick !" Jack Horn tore through the long grass at tho cliff's edge, and, without pausing, launched -himself from the dizzy height. AB he struck the water he saw a harrowing Bight. Two white, slender hands appeared above the sur- face in mute and piteous appeal. One year has passed since Jack Horn saved the life he valued BO dearly, and the day is not yet over in which he has taken that life for ever into his keeping. The final farewell has been said, the carriage door has been closed for the very laBt time, when a servant rushes up with a letter addressed to 'the bridegroom. He takes it mechanically, puts it on the seat beside him, and promptly forgets its existence:, They are nearly at the station be- fore he observes it; then he opens it and reads ."You once saved me from a great remorse, and at your intercession I escaped a prison cell. ; If you have done, all this, I pray of you to receive my good wishes to-day. You will probably, scorn them : it is all I deserve. When a man falls as I fell, he seldom rises again, Nevertheless, there are exceptions.-E.O." . Jack Horn passed the note to his bride. As she read it her face grew sorrowful. The roar of the traffic suddenly became louder. The car- riage stopped, and the door was flung open. " This way, sir. This way for the Dover train." 