RETURN OF MR W. D. LESLIE. SOCIAL BY THE EMPLOYEES. Mr W. D. Leslie returned to Sale last week and on Friday evening His employees tendered him a "Welcome Home" social in the old Mechanics' Institute. The hall was very tastefully decorated with flags, ferns and flowers, and looked most cheerful. The music was provided by Mr Paul's orchestra, and after the opening selection had been played Mr Tait, on behalf of the employees, formally welcomed Mr Leslie back. During his absence he was glad to say that the business had kept up to the mark; in fact it had improved and that was a sourco of satisfaction to all. They were, however, greatly pleased to see Mr Leslie back again. As for himself he felt like a horse a veterinary man had told him about some years ago. He was relating one of the tricks for getting off a bad legged horse. Before he showed him he kept him for days with sand bags tied round his legs so that when he took them off to show him the horse felt so relieved that he was as lively as a kitten. Now he (Mr Tait) felt as if the sand bags had been taken off his legs, for although everythisng went well the responsibility was great. Mr Leslie had had a good trip but he was sorry he had not got any heavier. He knew they would all be glad to have him back again. (Applause). Mr H. A. Luke said he was sure every. body would he pleased to see Mr Leslie back again. He had travelled a good deal and would probaly tell them something about Ayrshires. It must be satisfactory to Mr Leslie to know that his business had been so well looked after in his absence, and he (.Mr Luke) hoped that it would continue to prosper and be a benefit not only to Mr Leslie but to the town. He was extremely pleased to join in the welcome to Mr Leslie. It did not seem so very long ago since they met there to give him a send off, and now they were giving him equally as good a reception. Mr Cromie (Warragul branch) was very glad to be there that evening to welcome Mr Leslic back. His business had pro gressed without him, owing to the advice and assistance they all got from Mr Coupar aud Mr Tait. As for Mr Tait, the employees were all indebted to him for the business training he had given them. He had another reason for being glad to see Mr Leslie, for that gentleman had seen some of his people in Ireland, at his home. He was anxious to get back there again to have a look at the old place, but could only see one way to manage it. The business of W. D. Leslie and Co. was a gigantic one, with branches in many places, and if Mr Leslie would only start another branch in Ireland he (Mr Cromie) would be delighted to take charge of it. That was his only hope. (Laughter). On behalf of the Warragul branch he was glad to welcome Mr Lesiie. Mr P. Brand, as a traveller who had done an immense amount of business with Mr Leslie, joined in the welcome. They were glad to see him back again but he could assure them that the great business had prospered in his absence. Sir Leslie, who, on rising, was greeted with loud and continuous applause, thanked them from the bottom of his heart for the warmth of the reception accorded him. Referring particularly to the remarks that had been made he he could assure them that he had the greatest confidence in the em ployees of all branches and with Mr Tait and Mr Coupar at the head he knew that everything would go on all right in his absence. That made his trip a real holiday and from the time he left Melbourne he never once gave a thought as to how busi sess was getting on. Mr Coupar and he were boys together, and pretty lively boys too. He could will remember as a yonugster with Mr Coupar being bundled out of that very room for disturbing the peace of an old lady who was reading there. Another incident fresh in his memory was a chase he and Mr Coupar got one night for poaching on the native cat preserves of another lot of lads headed by Mr Macdonald, the saddler, who does not now live in Sale. Macdonald was dressed up as a ghost and surprised Coupar and Leslie when after native cats one night. The scare led to an accident for the speaker always slow of foot, got knocked up and fell into a ditch. However, he was getting away from his subject. Mr Tait, they all knew was a relative, and so they could understand his confidence in those he left to manage for him. He had had a good time and had seen a good deal of the world. It had been suggested that he should deliver them a little lecturette on his travels but that would weary them. He would, how ever, take them with a hop, step and jump round his trip. To start with the sea trip was most enjoyable after they had settled down; or rather after they had settled up; for when they had left Adelaide they had a bad week with sea sickness and he was afraid Mr Davies was going to die. It was an awful time. (Laughter.) He had the top bunk and Mr Davies was underneath, and after the usual anxious night, in the morning he would look down and ask " How are you, this morning ?" Then there were various answers, and on one occasion a wish for home was strong on them. But they got over all that and afterwards had a jolly time with concerts and ship's games. At Ceylon they had a run through to Kandly, and it was a lovely sight in the tropical spring. Aden was beastly. At Port Said they left the India for Brindisi. At Naples they were enchanted by the Bay, though they were of opinion that Sydney Harbour was its superior in natural beauty. Rome interested them greatly, and they spent many days there. Venice was one of the disappointments. Its maze of canals looked slimy, although it was a pretty sight on the Grand Canal. From Florence of beauty, they went to Milan. The most beautiful place they saw on their trip was Lucerne, and he (Mr Leslie) remembered when he saw it, a remark made by Dr. O'Hara, the eminent Melbourne phsician, when on a trip through the Gippsland Lakes. "They were not bad at all, but nothing approach ing Lucerne, the most beantliful in the world." On then to Paris, arriving there in the midst of a political turmoil . They saw the crowds returning 'froml the Grand Prix, the "Melbourne Cup" of Paris, run on Sunday, and on the same day a riot, which caused them to make for their lodgings with as much haste as possible. On reaching Dover, he and Mr Davies parted for three months to see their own friends. He (Mr Leslie) visited various parts of England, Ireland, and Scotland. In the South of England he met Dr Forbes; at Dublin he met Mrs Gavin Low (formerly Miss Craig, of Craigilea), and met Mr J. McGee at Glasgow, and his brother at New York. He was at the great agricultunral show in Elinburgh, opened by the Prince of Wales. The horses were a good lot, but he had seen better draughts in Victoria, whilst the Ayr shire cattle were not to be comparel to the Victorian. And the day of that show he saw more drunken people than he had ever seen before on one day. It was remarkable, and yet in Italy where wine was very cheap he saw no one the worse of liquor. Mr Davies and he left for America together. They went to Salt Lake, saw some Mormons who have relatives in Sale, visited the taberneacle and were struck by the fact that the first Mormon they spoke to answered in broad Scotch. In the run to San Francisco they spent three nights in the train. Niagara falls interested them and they spelt a couple of days there. As in Ireland, so in America, the horses were much better than the Australian horses, the American trotters being some thing to look at. Chicago struck them as a marvellous, go-a-head city with magnificent buildings, but very bad streets. Denver impressed then because of its wonderful growth from 1300 in 1887 to 160,000 in 1899! But American Government is as corrupt as it is possible. One newly elected politician when told by Mr Davis that that was what they were told everytwhere, ad mitted it. He said in effect that if a member's constituents found that he did not feather his own nest they chucked him out on the plea that a man who could do no good for himself could do no good for them. From America they went to Honolulu, re cently annexed by America, and the people were flocking there ni thousands. From Honolulu to Samoa, Samoa to New Zealand, and then home completed their trip. Near ing Sydney he was unfortunately attacked with influenza. In conclusion he felt bound to say that nowhere ha he seen a country which for soil and climate equalled Gipps land, and all Victoria wanted was populia tion. An adjourment was then made for re freshments. " During the evening songs were rendered by Miss Campbell, Miss Quirk, Mr Moor- head, Mr Gilbson and Mr Phillips, and a most enjoyable evening was spent, 