THE ARCHBISHOP'S ADDRESS. Alter thanking the Chairman for his cordial welcome; Iho Archbishop naif! that he - was very clad to be present at the inauguration of the Diocesan Festival, because it eras the first .function of its bind ever hejd in tbe Diocese, and it had certainly benu most auspiciously begun. They had been present at an .interesting Communion service during the morn ing, an interesting opening ceremony at St. Johns. Theological College in the afternoon, and a vpry interesting and satisfactory tea meeting only a abort time previously. A Diocesan Festival was that which belonged to the Diocese, and yet, as they saw, drew from other Dioceses sympathy with the particular Diocese in which it was held. The presence of thoso whom they had welcomed betokened inter-Diocesan sympathy. In his sermon at tfao Communion Service Bishop Stretch struck the hey note of thanksgiving when he reminded them that the' Festival was an humble and eunobtiog duty. He wished to add that it was also the hand of fellow, ship—fellowship in the gospel, in churcbworb, and .in the Holy Ghost. The object ot the Festival was to strengthen spiritual unity, in the common though diversified work. They wanted to stimulate the sympathetic feelings between Diocese and Diocese. They should help to bear one another's burdens, and work with tbe idea of helping forward one another in tbe future. Jf they were to have true fellowship and sympathy they should blend ideas—each man bad a work to do for good which nobody else bad •Let the Festival be one in which they recognised tbe principle of working together for the general good. The TheoWioal College was a eign of progress, and he hoped that in the future it would be a centre of useful and definite religious training, for ths maintenance of christian ideas, worship, and work. His earn est wish was that God would keep it from n&rrownees; snd vagueneBB, and make it useful for the religions draining of many in the Diocese. Zn -vligipus work they shonld pnll strongly p?lteiiji and good re suits would follow. Tho clorge and laity should work together, one was belpiece without the other, and not forget that the work wee being done in other places, and that all different parts of the work formed ono work, in which they alt sympathised and helped. He hoped that tho present test is al waa only the precursor of similar gatherings, and asked the blessing of God on the Ohnroh'e or ganisations throughout the land, so that they would beootne a mighty instrument for extending God's trnth and gospel, and creating righteous ness and Godliness among men. A HUMOROUS ADDRESS, The Bishop of Balletat made a most interesting speech. It was effervescent with humour throughout woe punctuated with pithy points at frequent intervals, and had a decided iy enlivening effect on the large audi ence. The Bishop be seid came from Beilaret—Ballarat was the rock from whloh he wee heaved, and the hollow or pit from wbiota he waa digged. The Bishop end Aire. Green were the magnet which had drawn him a dls taoOH of, well he had oomputed it — a similar diaianoe as from Temple Ber to Constantinople. The magnet whioh had attracted him that great distance was the hope of seeing the Bishop at work amongst bis people. The dlfferenoe between the trip to Constantinople and their diocese was that whereas in the former ha found the unepeakablo Turk, In Armidals be found a deer old friend Years ago oame to Armidaie and remembered being met at the station after hie long end tiring journey by the Bishop at that time and Archdeacon Rose, who oomforted him and old everything for him whioh good Samaritans would do. He bed known both of their pre viffiis Bishops, but the third, he knew him beet of all, having seen him graduate from the Archduaoonal obair of Ballarat to the Episcopal throne of Grafton and Armidaie, The mereBt utterance of commonplace gratitude prompted him to aay that he bad never bod a butter officer than Arch deaoon Green—They ail new perfect ly well what Bort of e Bishop he bad turned out. The last thing their Uiehop would do would be to aek brother Bishops to pay him compli ments } to him that would be the most nauseous thing they could do, hut he (the speaker) had been prompted to ■ay a few words whioh he hoped would not wound the Biehope self importenos—no hie modesty he meant. The visiting Bishops were there to manifest that intereBt and sympathy was felt by aister Dioceses in the work of the Ohuroh, they, under the leadership of the 'Bishop, were oarrying on. They bed great joy and eatiefaalion at learning that the Churoh people were more and more ' responding to this vroonoua guidance | from bim whom God bad placed to ;P.pl® with the. difficulties with ich they were surrounded. Hie desire wee that God would bestow health and strength to keep the Bis hop in his arduous labor, and that he would prosper in hie endeavours for the advancement of the Kingdom of God in the hearts and lives of the people who dwelt on this great, im portant and prominent part of the grand and prosperous colony of N.3. Wales. The clergy and Jaity required each others help, they, were the four wheels between which the car of the Ghurh of Ghrisfc rolled forward. He hoped they would forgive that en travagant metaphor, sometimes he ] allowed those eort of things out with out proper consideration. He had) prepared an eloquent speech for the 1 occasion, one which wonld have drawn j the tears from their eyes, would liRve I made their hearts ache and all that sort of thing, hut he had decided not to give one single word of it. When he w«c told that the speeches were only to be of leu minutes duration, he folded up his address and put it in I his pocket. Thinking that he would get a iinp of thought from the pro gramme "he glanced down tbo contents, and what did he find, why that, mas terfuloration be had prepared wasi sandwiched in between a Bedouin] Love Song and a Cannibal Idyl. What had a Bedouin loveeong to do wi'h him. Love song's hadn't been in hie lino for many a day, and he supposed that Bedouin,.lovera were mocb tba same as other people who followed up the same profession. It would have been terrible had that grand speech of his been followed by a Cannibal Idyl. They had been told that he was the eenior Bishop of the colonies ft seemed (a hint only lately that he had AUBIVBD IN AUSTBAI.TA and adopted the fair and sunny land as his homo He had thejmisforiune of being an Englishman by birth, and was obliged to claim for his home the conn try.: which had produced Will Shakespeare Jack Milton, Billy Pitt, and a few more. It was a great mis fortune for a man to be horn East of St, George's Channel end 'South of the Tweed, in that benighted little ieland in the cold Northern seas- In Anstralia the thing was to be native. That called to hie mind verses of two different songs, the sentiments of which would find sympathy with every true hearted Englishman and Australian. The first was Bgle Britannia and the second j— Fairest of Britain's daughters fair, 'Australia bid thy sons combine ) Fling one broad banner to the air, Of federal brotherhood the sign; So shall Australia, vastand free, One nation never never cease to he. He thought that the greatest thing I they got from the motherland Was j her religion. Believing m he did Ibet the tnoBt reasonable, most epoe toiioal, the truest and soundest ofl Christianity woe that taught by their] ancestral branch of the Catholic] Chnrph, be ventured to say that notb ing they got W&s; as grand as the old national chnroh of whioh it was their privilege to be members. AmimiTj'fl CLIHAIE.. The Blsbop of Newcastle also de livered an interesting addrees. It gave lilm great - pleasnre to ' revilit Armidale. His visit made him pon der and think what a dilapidated and well worn bishop be was, for his memory went back many years ago to a visit ke made when the Cathe dral wee being erected, when that palatial mansion at Booloomimba was being constructed, and also when the present Bishop was being installed He was always glad to visit Armi dsls because of the great progress being made.. The p.eople should not claim any credit for that progress, they ooold not help making progress in anoh A BEAUTIFUL Cl.IMATK . For the paetthree months they hed been in a oondiiion, be did not know how they described it, be tbongbt it was ■' down below." It was very bot down below. It had been about as muoh as they oould do to live. Tbey bed been trying several times to tbrOtr ^themselves on the very first olothealine to dry. He hoped the people of Armidale were thank ful for their inspiring, invigorating, braoing and besltby air. He trusted that tbey would embody the air in a ] vigorous effort and would combine oounsels for the guod of the Churoh and the Kingdom of Ood. He was glad to be olose to the Blebop who bed passed through so many difficulties, and who, they oould see, had not a grey beit in bis head, nor a furrow plough on his brow, neither had his cheeks bleaohed white. The sucoess whioh had attended the Bishop's work in Hoe Diocese showed bis pluok, energy and indomitable spirit, and the opening of the College was to be rejoiced over by all inter ested in Churoh progress. Other DiocessB would rejoice because the College would prove beneficial to the work osrried op within their boun daries. He was sure that the Armi dale Cathedral was the oentre of life, anyway if they wanted to get rid of it, Newoaetle was prepared to eooept anything in the way of spars Cathe drals. The great difficulty with the Bishops was to proOure suitable men, if the right olase of men oould be obtained and trained, the work of the Churoh would be certain to progress. He asked God's blessing on the Churoh work in Armidale. Ha be lieved that the Chnroh of England was the Churoh for the people, and that it exactly met the peoples needs. About Colleges. Bishop Stretch,of Brisbane, said that his Diocese was the neigbbouriog one to Grafton and Armidale, therefore be took great interest in the work, and bis sympathies were with the Bishop in..charge gf the difficult operatione Cartiied on. He could, tell them that the college juBt opened was the second in which he had been concerned in—the first being the Trinity College, Melbourne. For-a period of three weekB at the opening,, more years ago than he would tell them, be was the only student at that institution. One day an elderly gentleman called' at the college, and the good lady thinking that he was a clergyman from an adjoining diocese, and baviDg regard for the interests of the institution, she said, on being asked if Mr. Stretch was in, '' I will go and ask a student." That was true, but it could be looked upon as an economy of truth However, the St. John's College was being opened under more favourable auspices than that, and he hoped that the work would have a deep effect on church life throughout the colony. Influence of the College. Canou Prltohard spoke as to the influence the training college would iiave on other diooesee. He bad been instruoted by bis Bishop, ' who bad asked him to oonvey kindly greetings and sympathy with the work, .to find out everything about the college. They would gather from that 7 that the iofluenos of the College would extend outside of tho. Diooese, for probably Goulbiirn would have a college of its own in the near future. He looked on the , establishment of the college as amarked event in the Churoh in Australia: it wonld tend to promote nnity and the welfare of the work throughout the oountry, 7 Daring the evening, choruses were rendered by a strong choir under'ihe' leadership of Mr. G. E. M. Coomber, and tho following ladies and gentle* men elso contributed muscial* selec tions Mies. A. Brsutid (Divine j Redeemer), Mrs-Marks (Nevermore);] Mr. Coucom(Bedouin Love song;. Mr. 0. O. Wilson, M.L.A.,moved a {vote of thanks to tbo Prelates for their attendance at^he Festival. With regard to the opening of - the College its effects would be far reaching and beneficial to Armidale and its future. Mr. 0. R. Blaxland, seconded the motion. Ha looked on the attendance of the Bishops as their stamp of approval of the undertaking, t The motion was carried by'acciatna-1 tion,' and the meeting then termi-1 noted. 