ARCHBISHOP O'REILY AND THE CAPITATION GRANT. To the Editor. I am, &c.;, W.T.W. I am, &c.;, STATE SCHOOL SCHOLAR. I am, &c.;, NO SURRENDER. Sir—The highly respected chief prelate of tie Latin Church in the province or South Australia, the Right Rev. Dr. O'reily, has favored me with the lengthen- cd public criticism of certain opinions I have advanced as to the impolicy of the State graniinj aid to denoniinaiion.il ' schools under :-be form of the capitation ' grant. The dignity of my critic and tie general personal respect hi which he is held demand that I should pay thoughtful consideration to his deliverance. 1\. I-regret that the multifarious affairs ' which absorb him should have Jed him to : think ;lia; 1 ivrote anything against enthu siasm us a general .principle, or as applied ' to religion. I said nothing against entha- ' siasm, not simply pointed out that certain ' churches of the prelatie order would avail them.-Kilves of the religious enthusiasm of their voting people of the poetic and spirit- ' ual type, and lead them to join cel&ate; teaching orders, who would, as they think, glorify 4jod luy doin? the twhing work /or a bare subsistence, lam mac-n obliged to the ' Rev. Dr. O'ttefly that he has so kindly af forded proof of this assertion, for he says in his speech—They Jiad teachers who were willing to work for their food and clothing, and therefore they could conduct their schools more cheaply than the Go- • verntnent." These teachers are the celi bate teaching orders. It is evident that if ■ a capitation grant be given that that grant will go (so far as the Latin Church is con- ' eeraed) to the maintenance and develop- { ment of celibate teaching orders, and I cannot "btit think Smt contrary to a truly ' national policy. The State ought not to \ give its money to exclude married and lay persons from the honorable office of the ' teacher, and give a monopoly of the office ' to those under the vow of celibacy. It might 4>e said chat this -would only affect the adherents of the Latin Church. Even so, we mast remerber that they are a large so,-we must remember that they are a large people, and the State should conserve among them the rights of the married and of the lay to the teaching profession, and should cot stimulate "the higher characters among them to a life of celibacy. These are the characters who should many, and from 'whom a iiigher order of persons would spring. 2\. Let m look at the financial aspect. The Her. Dr. CReily affirms, and I will cheerfully take his figures, that within a fihiffing or two the State schools are costing £+ each pupil per annum. He does not ttate what amount he seeks as a capita tion- grant, but he cannot ask lees in the ong run than the amount it costs the -State to educate a child, say £4 in round numbers. Now, even if he asked less t-. >egin with, that is what it would come to in the issue. For as I read in the March numbiT of the "Contemporary Beview'' ■for 1896, p. 449, in an article on the school Question by Dr. Clifford, Cardinal Vaughan Bays: —"We require the. State to finish the work she has undertaken in granting free elementary education at the public expense by further declaring what the education ought to cost in main tenance per child in each district. Now, just that sum ought to follow every child 0 the public elementary school to which his rarents send him. And whether the school is board or volantary, denomina tional or Tuvdenominttkmai, ought not to enter into the question." Cardinal V*ug han may be trusted to express the real mind and aim of the latin Church on this question. The. history of the capitation grants in England and Wales is very in rtrncrive and shows how the wedge will be driven home if once inserted. Dr. Clifford in the same articles states that before 1870 the State granted to the Anglicans a million and a. JhaJf of public mosey for the erection of school readings, and at tie rate of 10s. out of every 30s. of the cost of a child's educa tion, and the chad also paid fees. By the Act of 1870 (tins was raised 4o 15s. out of 30s, and by the Act of 1891 to 27a. 6d. air. John Moriey. calls this very properly, for we should always «a£ (thsngB by tneir true names; "an enormous process of denomi oatioud endowment." It is enormous. for the sum advanced from £560,000 in 1870 to £3,45LO00 in 1891. So, accepting the Sight Rev. Dr. O"-ReilyE figures, the capitation grant will have to be practically £4 per ibead. Anything Jesa is -the thin end of a wedge enre to be driven home, The^Bame power that could get the wedge in could, "with more ease, drive it home. At £1 per head we should, under a veiled pretext, furnish in proportion to our num bers an enormous denominational endow ment. Four pounds a head -would at once lead the clerjry of the Anglican Church to use every effort to establish schools, and they would do so. They have a number of bowlings, and the drum eccle siastic would beat, and these schools would be largely recruited. Then our Metho dist friends have many virtues, but they have abundance of buildings, .which cover the country like a nefc. When they saw so many pulling at the State cow, and saw what large Bums could be (Attained they would be strongly tempted to say, "We would rather have a public national cystim, still if the others go in for denominational schools and State grants we shall be ob liged to do likewise." The Methodists are the most powerful body in the country, And if they were fed away then the public system is doomed. So that, eay what may be said, the real issue is a national or a denominational system of schools at the pnblic expense. And the friends of the national system must not allow dust to be thrown in their eyes. Tie friends of the capitation grant are the foes of the national system, and while-we will go aslar as we can to oblige the adherents of the Latin Church and the Lutheran and a portion of the Anglican we cannot make so great a sacrifice as to imperil oar valuable national system of instruction. By the national system the children of all denominations meet and grow and play and learn to gether, the acerbities of sectarianism are abated, the children realise an.essential unity, and so are prepared for kindly fel lowship in future life, and while they will have' denominational reference in re ligion, they will agree to differ, and not think each other insincere, and impute evil motives because they have different views on public questions. Moreover, by a national system, education reaches a higher level. English experience is that the denominationalists always want to keep down the standard that they may earn the grant the more easily. 3\. The nebt rev. gentleman did not dis cuss the nltunate effect of a <!apitation grant of nearly £1 per head noon the status and comfort of the State-paid teachers of South Australia. Experience Shows that it would lead them into great tondage and -misery. Under such a sys tem they would practicallv be engaged and dismissed i>y the clergy of the churches who received the capitation grant. I am now speaking of lay teachers outside the Latin CSraren, and they would then be obliged to perform all manner of services not property 'belonging to their office. Con skier what follows at the instance of the National Union of Teachers of England and Wales. 'ilessrs. Ernest Gray and T A. Organ prepared a report for the National Union of Teachers of England and Wales on 'XJoenpulsory extraneous duties of teacneis employed in denominational schools." They ?=t?te •'■that over nhe country ifchere arc 12,000 voluntary sc&ool; teachers, whose chief qualifications, in the opinion of Che mana gers, for the post of education of the yoocg is ability or willingness to act as orsami-at. rarish clerk, sweep che walls of iihe school, or make a plan of iihe grave yard. If ie declined to at once perform any cf <rkeae duties he would at once be ih-Town oat into -flic ■world, no natter fcow efficiently .his duties as a. school -teacher had been performed." One teacher, in reply vy -i-beir ouescion, said, **I bad better nepferc my day school than my ouber ■work." Ghnrrfi playing (ihc orgsa), eaid one1 cleric, "is here more important lum sithoo! d litres. I know your oua^tScations are pcod and you are -- excellent teacher, but I want a professional organist." I could give more proof, but warn the teachers of this province to preserve tlieir liberty and their emoluments, for the capi tation grant will deprive them of both. Heri>ert iSpeneer says. " The slavery of the teacher to clericalism is one of the worst forms of bondage known to mortal man." The Hon. Lyulph Stanley says. " The school teachers should be the public ser vants of the community and not the depen dents of the demy of any church." 4\. Finally, with :-egard to what the Risht Rev. Dr. CKReiiv said abont Con sres3itionalist-~ and education. Whether in Great Britain or America or Australia, from the days of Queen juizabeth to this present our j>eople have always lx^en able to rixid and writo and cypher. Our n~on)e established schools as soon as they landed in Massachusetts, and the American sys tem was in connection with the l'uritans largely their treation. When *be Stair did nothing in Kwdand for sclionU our people alwv.y.- went to jrreai: sacrifice for the ed:io.".tio!i of their children. Congre cation.tlism, wiierever it ;ip]>eurs, ahray-s favors knowledge and lshcrlv. \\\> haiv nothing to learn from the Latin Church with repard to sacrifice to *ecnre education to the rank :-r.d file of our iieople. When 1 think of the iftnorance of the masses il> Snuiu. in Portugal, and Italy, I remember they arc not Conzrcgationaiists—and what a sad spectacle is Spain with no proper system of education; and, as D. Dillon I hvs, ihe people too ignorant to sorrow for the loss of their splendid Empire, Sad!—l am, &c;_ i J. C. KIRIJY. Sir—Archbishop O'Reiiy undoubtedly showed by his speech yesterday that he is both a very clever man and also a very funny one. Indeed, his cleverness is so conspicuous that it makes the speech very foyy in flavor, while he is so excruciatingly funny that cne is almost compelled to tiiin-k that he wouW be more approjiriKriy decorated? with the cap and bells than wit!, tfcc imposing robes of his princely oliict. By-tte-way, aJI Jiat udk abatx charita-b'.e npss and liberality comes strangely iroiii the iips of a jxrier in the church which deluged Europe wmh blood, and wa* guiky of all the dark crimes of the Inquisition, and which consigned thousands oi private men and weak women, and even iii sioeent children, to br?:a! and dastard-ly deaths—on the bare suspicion often of their dejwrture from the religious opinion commanded to be held ky tie church— aod did «M fbis in ite feverish accemins to coerce the consciences of otlivrs to its own way of drinking. It is meant to be oiken as a tign of repentance, e\ en so !ate in the day, .'for the ingenious and dsviiiMi cruelty displayed by the c.rchbishop's lore runnersto compel the world to acquiesce in their way oi; thinkingaboat religious mat ters? In the meantime the chiet jjontifif of tie Roman Catholic Church in ISDuth Aus tralia asks for a reversal of the national policy of education on the ground that it works injustice to him and the people sub ject to him. He wishes tnat denomina tional schools may be subsidised. Instead of so much unmanful and drivelling com plaint about injustice and grievance it would have been a far more sensible course to have specified wherein the in justice lay and to nave shown convincingly that there is any substantial cause for complaint. Is the archbishop at once so conscious of the weakness of his case that : declines to do this, and yet so astute us to think that if only he complains long enough and loud enough a certain number of feeble-minded and sentimental ]>eo[>le will feel sure that the poor man must be hurt, and out of their weak pity will vofe to give him a little relief? The State in its own defence, and in acknowledgment of what is due to the children, has under taken to educate them to a certain extent. The education it gives is solely secular, eimnty becauseihrft is tiie onl^- -course-open to it in a community of mixed retigious and irreligious beliefs. There is no thing taught in the State schools injurious to the religion of the archbishop any more than, .to that of any Protestant. There is i nothing (aught (there but sound, useful j knowledge. We Proescants do noirregard j the education given by the State as com- j pjete any more than the archbishop does. We hold chat no education is complete whftuut religious instruction. But tie majority of us do admit thac secular edu caaann is ail which the State can in justice to the conflicting religions of its people give. Let the State give lite children their secular education; chat is an immense boon: and let the ehnrcnes, and above ail let <tfteir parents at borne give aie chH <rren xheir retigious instruction. How does tihe srotem bear more -hardiy upon the archoishop tten upon us? Surely it the State will provide the secular educa tion, and if $he arenbitshop has ait 3iis com mand co many of those good men and wo men, wirase piety and devotion we admire as ferventiy as he does, who are ready for the bare return of food and clothing to impart religious education to the young pcopte of his, chnreh he is in as happy a position as any of us, and ias no grievance unless it be each an one as only a highly imaginative, hysterically, emotional, and exquisitely funny man can eidher see or { feel. Until the ruler of the Roman Catho lic Church in South Australia shows chat he has real and substantial grounds for his complaint the people of South Australia will, in my opinion, do wisely in cleaving to ithea? national education policy.—l am, *** MARTIN L. JOHNSON. Sir—l have just waded through Arch bishop O'Reily's address, and heaved a sigh of relief that we are not living in pre-Reformation days. The abusive tiiga banded tone of the address gives an ink- , ling as to what the archbishop would do if he had the power. Thank (fod. the Papary has Been the best of its days. In spite of the ability, the shrewdness, and persis tency of many of its officers, it is steadily but surely declining. Such a. fact must be cheering to the Protestant reader of Or. O'Renys address. Whoever was respon sible for the heading of the archbishop's oration, surely erred. The heading given is "Catholics and Free Education," 1 think a better beading would have been "The Key. J. C. Kirby and the Labor Party—Xheir Attitude "w> BVee Educa tion.'' The rev. prelate mentioned^ Mr. Kirby by name no less than 29 times, and frequently referred to him by the use of the personal pronoun, while the term "education" was only used 20 times. There is no need to go beyond the address for proof of a fact stated "that religious rivalry .... was capable of uncharitablenes?, suspicion, and injustice." Well might we «*xclaim, 'fOh, religion, what evil things are being said and evu deeds h*?i"g done ixi thy name This address of the Roman Catholic leader is not only abusive, but also contra dictory. Toward the close he says:— "They {the Catholics) asked nothing from the Government. They were content to go on and be free to continue their beneficent efforts in securing to morality and religion the chiWren of the rising generation." Later on he states:—"Let the trovernment pat it in their power to abolish the fees, enabling ■&em; oy a graat -to impart their own education in their schools, and they would be content." Harmonise these state ments, Dr. O'Reiiy, I cannot. AKow me to express the hope that the capitation grant here hinted at will be strongly op posed by every non-Roman Catholic, and that any candidate at the forthcoming Parliamentary elections favoring such a grant will be determinedly rejected. Pro testants, free educationalists, working men, rise to your responsibilities, and to lire smrmestion of Archbishop O'Reiiy. loudly, earnestly, firmly, unitedly say NO. Sir-In re the demand of the Anglican and Roman Catholic churches for a subsidy to their schools, is not the following about on all fours with their position:—Suppose they pay "We cannot, for conscientious reasons, use the Public Library, we have at great expense bought and keep up libra ricR of our own, and therefore we claim a subsidy from the Government." Alter rending Archbishop O'Hcily's speech I looked up the statistics of religion and crime in New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia, and am amused at the result. I find that the churches named provide the bulk and the greater propor tion of the criminals. In the last census year, 1891, of 320,000 people in South Aus tralia there were 89,000 Anrfieans and 47,003 Roman Catholics—less than-half—yet of the 93 men in Vatala Labor Prison there were €0 Anglicans and 15 Catholics, a total of 75, instead of less than 49: and in 1837 72 Anglicans and 21 Roman Catholics out of a total of 125. In New South W ales in 1891 46 per cent, of the population were Anglican and 26 per cent. Oil hoi ic; vet out of a total of 2,170 criminals 919 were Anglicans and 905 Catholic. In Victoria in 1S91 36 per cent, of the people were Anglicans and 22 per cent. Roman Catho lic, vet of the 18,817 persons committed and held to bail 6,619 were Anclican and 7,665 Roman Catholic. The South Australian Sunday-school statistics for 1891 are also instructive. There were only 176 Catholic Sunday-school teachers out of a total of 6.095, and 2,337 scholars out of a total. of 44.058. and only ST.t Ancliean teachers and 10, 920 scholars. At the earae time the >. esleyans, who numbered 2,000 more than the Catholics and 40,000 less than the Anglicans, had 1,998 teacher? and 11,330 scholars. Sir —Archbishop O'Reily's speech on the education question, as reported in your issoe of Monday, is not likely to escape notice, and I am extremely thankful tbat the vigorous and able head of the Catholic Church has extended his challenge from the Labor Party to the whole of the Legis lature. Let me quote his own words— "What he said now was that he could not see how many Catholic -with any r*want l'>r himself, his church, and his co-relipnnists, could record his voto in favor of a:iv can didate, whether he sided with the Labor, Country, or Opjxisition parties, who de clared tli.it he would not uo justice to the Catliolu- body, but would go for tie jier pemation of the wrongs from whioli they liad been sufferinc for half .1 century." 1 ara not at all concerned about tlio R'ov. .T. C Kirby, who will have little diiHciiity m di.-iH)sinp: of the plausible nonsense in dulged in by the archbishop, but I regard tl;" foregoing quotatio nas a challenge, not only (o prospective canclid:it<>*. but to the •)iil)lic of South Australia, by wlio:n 11 sincerely hoj* the challenge 'will he heartily accepted. For many year-; tia>t the caoilation grant has hern paraded ;it poneral elections, and politician!- haw bmi invited to pledge themselves to put an cud to the wrongs of Catholics by the introduc tion of the principle of Stole nid to rc lijrion. Thank God. Souih Australians put an ond to tfcp SHale aid busi ness in tlie early days of the <?iony and there -has never been .XTiy disposition to regret such a noble piece of work. Nevertheless the Catholic vote has been held out from timr to time as a reward to those candidates who weie prepared *o sub ordinate ail other political principles to the tiuesrion of a capitation grant, and I would ask tlie archbishop with 'what result? it is no secret -that candidates frequently set. to work to catch the Catholic vote; iv some instances renouuee all t-heir previous convictions and publicly expressed opinions lo the contrary, in return for a favorable recommendation to the Catholic com munity by a. bishop or influential priest— and what then. When they have sailed into Parliament by the assistance of the Otholic vote their obligations to bishop, priest, or people end, and they are delight ed to shelve the question, get out of their pledges by simt side issues, or run oat of the Legislative Hall when the division bell touches the conscience—otherwise where is the fruit of all these promises—some fair, but most of them false and hypocriti cal. Not long ago a referendum was to settle the question, ami the electors of *fouih Australia t>y an overwhelming ma jority declared againfl a capitation grant, so that the archbi?hop"s complaint of to day is against the -people, and not against Parliament. Jf the Roman Catholic Ghurrfi is not satisfied with the recent referendum, let there be another expres sion at the ballot box on a clear issue, but the clever and diplomatic archbishop knows letter ihan advocate such m, course. He is quite aware of the fact that Parliamentary candidates are frail, very frail plastic mor tals, and out of a big neld men arc to be found who will promise anything to get £200 a. year and a smile from tlie arch bishop, but if he gets v majority of pro mises there will be tlie same backsliding as of old, because a Parliament which car ries a capitation grant would be utterly ex tinguished at the bar of public opinion. T io cot blame the archbishop, because he sees a bare possibility of success through filling the Legislature with weak-minded men, but not the ghost of a show in a poll of the electors. Now. sir, I want to know what the vast majority of electors who settled this question at the last elections have to say ? If the archbishop gives his people their politics as well as their reli gion and he commands the faithful to vote only for capitation-grant candidates, then suppose tlie vast majority on the other side say we will vote only for men who pledge themselves against interfering with our splendid system of education and religious equality. What then will be the position ? Surely the Catholics have fair play frora the State. There is certainly a goo<l sprinkling in the Government, and of re cent years they have had much more than a fair share of State appointments, so much so that as good deal of uneasiness has been experienced of late in the public service. Does the archbishop desire to challenge the strength of the community as between Catholic and non-Cathelic, and revive those scenes of religions bitterness which many of us hoped we had left behind in the old world? If so, let us have it out by all means and settle the question once and for ever. Of course it is cot State aid to re ligion that the archbishop desires, but what does the archbishop make of the Plenary Council decree of 1885* Why, sir, the rebtrion of the child is the essence and foundation of the whole thing—a noble ideal, too. Would God that all other churches would do the same, but not with the taxpayers' money; end Archbfchon O'Rcily is not going vo do it from the pub lic purse in this free land, where the people never have been, and-never will be, sub ject to the dominance of either 4>ishop or \ priest. What inequality is there to-day! Th<\- State offers free secular and compul sory education to all, but teaches no religion. Introduce the capitation gnnt and religious teaching must follow. Why, the majority of re ligions people in this colony would be dc ligited to have their chdMren instructed in the tenets of their own religions faith, tut they know the inevitable result -would "be fhe introduction of what the axoh bk&op; desires wittwot religions teaching in the State schools. Admit, the principle and in centres the - creeds niH all claim a s*iare, and wiat "will became of the costly accommodation provided by the tax payers? Our school «y«tem is -the pride of "the colonies, our people "believe in it, and now .chat the attack as made openly and determinedly, let tne friends of iflie system 'arise in toheir strength; let the frtexwls of religious equality, She people -who detect State patronage of religious institutions, accept the challenge of ifie archbishop. In 1800 t3ie conscience of -the colony wae aroused on tthis question, and how much more vigorous should i!he resistance be ait tne forthcoming general ejections since the arciMbishop, on face of *he overnfadmicg expression of public opinion on "tie ques tion bat a short time ago, is cvideirtiy de termined to pledge Qnmself to a. straight out tight. -What is to be the aittitude of tbe Government with a majority of mem bers -who advocate a capitation grant-? The special enthusiastic referendum Govern ment. Wdil Mr. Kingston and,his col* leagues ignore toe recently expressed will of Tshe people, and yield to the archbishop? or is lie leader of tile Ca*hoiic Olrarch de termined Ito 'throw them over and try his jnnd with the Conservative Baity? The whole question is pregnant with interest, and with your permission, sir, I shall bare somdihing more to *ay later on. — i am, ISO BnBKEKDER. 