THE SCHOOL MATT) AND HER FATHER. Girls are generally credited with being more dutiful than their brothers to the wishes of their parents ; probably maternal influence is responsible for this. Boys— school boys at any rate—are pretty well all tarred with the same brush, their first step in the direction of striking for liberty not infrequently amounting to playing truant from school, or " wagging it," as it is fre quently termed. Whatever the early offences of young ladies may be, they have rarely been charged with that of playing truant. As an instance of obedience to paternal wishes may be quoted the follow ing :—Miss Alice Marner is the daughter of Mr. George Marner, of " Lamington," Vic toria Road, Auburn. Miss Marner had been very ill, and upon returning from school she experienced a continued languid feeling that made her most miserable. In the course of conversation with a reporter she said :—" Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the 4 quinine tonic' given me with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Mainer, "but it had no effect; then I consulted a well-known Collins Street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queens land, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning ; and food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." " This time last year," said Miss Alice, " 1 weighed 7st. 31bs., now I am 9st. 71bs." " A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial ? " " No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually Dr. Williams' pinK pills for pale people deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays last year, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' pink pills at Mr. Fleasance's, Chapel Street, Prarhan. I hadl heard so much of the bene ficial changes which they had produced in others, that I obeyed father's wishes that I should be careful to follow the dire ^tions. I am glad to say that they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and £ am now as healthy as anyone could wish." . " And you would recommend them ? " " Yes ; and that strongly, too," said Mr. Marner, " had I known of Dr. Williams' pink pills two years before, it. would have saved me a hundred pounds." A perusal of the foregoing must have shown you that Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people accomplish cures after other remedies have failed. They did in Miss Marner's case. For rheumatism, influenza., bronchitis, pneu monia, sciatica, lumbago, general weakness, etc, given a fair trial, they never dis appoint. Avoid substitutes and get the genuine pills with all seven words—Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people—printed in red ink on white outside wrapper. Of chemists and storekeepers, and the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Adelaide, S.A. ; six boxes fifteen and threepence, one box two shillings and ninepence, post paid. These are the pills which cured Miss Marner. East Torrens Branch, U.L.P. meets on Monday night next. 