THE ANGLICAN= SYNOD.. EVENING SESSION. (Contiullnd from P'age 7.) TIho business of the Anglican Synod was continued at the East Maitland Mechanlcs' institute Inst night, ills Lordship the Bishop presiding. DIOCESAN COUNCIL ENDOWMENT FUND. AMr. J. W. Allworth moved, "That the or disnance to define the trusts upon which certain moneys known as the Diocesanl Council endowment fund are held be rend a second tine." AMr. Edward White seconded the motion, which was carried. This ordinance dealt with a sum of £1005 and the ordinance was to provide for the Investment of this money. The Income arls ing from the investment to be paid over by the trustees to tilhe treasurer of Synod, and applied by him-first, to the payment of interest on any overdraft at the bank, which the Diocesan Council may have found it necessary to obtain, and any balatyce re mainng after 'such payment of interest shall be applied to such purposes as the )locesan Council may from tlie to time direct. CHRIST CHURCH CATIIEDIIAL. The Rev. R. M. Walker moved, "That the ordinance to anuend the Cathedral ordinance of 1881 be read n second time." This was a measure to provide for the regulation of tile Cathedral until such time as the build. ing shall be oufliciently completed to al low of services being held in It. Dr. Walker seconded the motion. The IBishop stated that the existing ordl aonce haid evidence of ecclesiastical cous bustlon, and lie hail to be very careful when acting under it, se as not to precipi tate an explosion. lie wished to see the Cathedral chlaracter of the church becolme conspicuous in the diocese, and the pIlri'ls rights preserved. Tile Bishop should hanve power to invite preachers to the Cathedral, which ioe thought ought to be regarded as the Bishop's church. (Applause.) The Bishop of tile diocese should be brought in to proper relationship withithe Cathedral, and the Cathedral should be brought into proper relationship with the whole of tlhe diocese. If Synod took tis :low of mat ters, the clauses in the ordinance were per fectly explainable. The second reading was agreed to. REPORT OF TIIHE PRESENTATION BOARD. Ven. Archdeaconl Ty'rrell moved, "That tile report of teor Proesentatlon loard of the diocese be received, and that it be printed in the report of tie proceedings of Synod." The board had nomlnnted tile Rev. Stephen Taylor, B.A., to tile incumbency of Ore. ford. and the Rev. E. II. Wright, of MeC're wether, to tile vacant Incumbency of Winsg 10oY. R. H. Walker seconded tile motion, whibh was carried. THE APPOINTMENT TO PARISHES. The 'en. Archdencon Tyrroll moved, "Thallllt the ordinLance to amlend thile appoint menelt of clergyalen to.lparlshel ,ordinanllce of 1877, and ti11 appolntulent of clergymlon to llrishes ordiasnco amendmenllt ordinallnce of 18I96, be lend i second timesl." The object of the anmelndl ent was to place thile power in tile Bishop to nominate clergymen to parisihes in which the payments to the ati pend fuid do not exceed £200. 'Rev. R. M. Walker seconded the mo 0ion. _Mr. C. iH. Dight, M.P., opposed the ordi sinace being amended, aitid Ie did so while not being tho.representative of i secondary prish, Instead of inspiring the eacondary parishes to become primary ones, thile me thod of appointmncnt would lnduteo thblrn to dink lower financially. It would be, a Stop of retrogression. It wais batter to raise C200 from 200 people lthane from thiree or four people. T'he Von.,Archdeacon Whilte spoio In fa vour of the proposed amendment, but sug gosted that the anlount should be £115 in stead of £200. The Bishop ought to have more power. Ile knowbetter than the par Ishlonors the minister thoat would be best sulted for any particular parish. O0to min later might have -a small stock .of ser mIlona, and by preaching a few of theam he might crento it grand Impression. All the santo, this minister mighlt not be at nil sultable for the parish in' which hoe had booeen nvited to preach. ov. VW. Swindlohurst thought the people who provided the money should have a say' in the' selection of their ministers. The secondary parishes shoulid have the same power li tile appotintment of their'clergy mein is the primary parishes. Revs. A. C. Thomas, A, C. Ilirst,' J. K, Brown,; . F. Rushforth, and Messrs. P. W. AshL,L. 1. Wisemlan, J. It. Doyle, 'and Joseph Wood spoke against the adoptionl of the' amolnding ordinatleei and opposed the second reiding of the obill, stating:thalt the chitngo would not lit any way lift' upl the pnrishes. Mr. Joseph Wood hoped Synod would not lay it down as a law.that' parisahe which could' not raise £200 ai year-for stipendt woutld not have a .voleo in the appointment of their clergynton.' The people 'Int these parlsion 'would not take tlluesame interest in,their clurgytmen if they had lot a voice inI their appointmlent. (Applaulse.) The ilishlop stated that the orditance was not issued, at lts origination, but lie thought he would allow, it to go to Synod. lits practice had been to conllslt' the par Ishes atid the churchwardens in all nomtli nations l he had mnde, (Hoar, hliitr,) Thereo weore thbs, however, wlton It would oe nad vantagcoils,if he had itore power lit thea matter of appointmnelnts,' 'Ilo nmght wish to transfer at elergymnal or to give' oln it lift up, atld hI might find that th prosen-ll tntltn Ioasrd objudted on the grountd that they did inot knlow the mannn. Th'l Volt. Archdeacotl Tyrrell polilted out lit replying that the Diocesan Couallil thiought a change of the hihd'I mighLt. tend ho Increaso the aIlounts subaortlbod for stl eltds from tile soeondlary parishes;, PThe motion for the' second roadhlg was lost Iby a' largeo mjor'lty.' . GOSFORD LAND: ORDINANCIO;, Rovn.R.' Wallto moved, " 'Thaf ' the Gooford land sae, lonasig and, ortgago or dlnauco,b e 'ead a, second timeo' T'ho ob Ject of the ordinanleo wnas to provide for the aIlo, Inortgagingl and ,lonaling of cortain church alad sitnata In the pariah of Gos ford,. and for the application of the pro coods, Mir. J. W. Allworth aecondel?dthe motion, which was carried, and the detalls of the ordinlnce : were thoroupon conllderod in committeo. No materinl altoratloi'.wain mnade In otn mitte and,. th ot o the ntin of te. ihi'ir, man (,Mr. J. W,. Allworth) the third rending of the ordinance, was, mndu anordoer of the day for tol-day.. , RI?lO?RT 'ON 'r T-INH, OOK DIPOSITORY, Rov.?A O'Thlomns'mooed,' "That the 'iro port aof the committeoo for the tnaongoitiont of; the hboob depository be roeceidled, and that it bo printed ithereport of thelio'pro-' oedoating of Synod,'!,' The sale of hoos?i dul?r ingthoiyen'.lhad itineboiad 2715,' octiidingt umnl '.benie, u. ,' ,, , Theo following n'lne' parlahos wor al'dd to he'availingt.hemselvensof the convenience of having: brnnlleol of the depot stnhalishcd at tlhelr own c ontrceets:Mitnwllbrook; ,Scone, Mtarriwn,? ?trrtirndld.. 'Tareon, ,,. Dulngog, Winghamn, St. Albans,' and Rnymond Tolr racmooiolng tlhe lsae ns n for .lh' provlole year., Thie receipts for the yonr had bonn £210; or J4 less,thn thoe expenditure, The stoolt of looklh wans valued at C814. Tllo:Von, Arolhdeacon 'Pyrrell econuded the motion, He,, and Arohdeacon Whitl apole In teorms of prnlso of the way in .which tlo! delposltory was nnllltnhinlod 'i't 'e II brary was eotonslyo, anid tia.lltries charged woro:'? low na could Ile obtainllled allywheore Tho'lllotlon was carried, -,THIf NIW?OASTILIOCAThIOD)RAla, 'i'.?R . O n ',i,?\'Wanler.mtovoed "'l'hnl ther e port, of .the; Onthedrnl: buildiling emntiitltlooi bhe.ronolved, nnd thlt Itloe pinlllted IIn lie' ,r'opor ofl Itio pro9Qoding., f. Stylnod, Thn reoport exilollied that 4 sub-cOmlnitted lfI prepar'ed a scheln. bared an the Iluoe of the Centennial' FIld. ekx anlrg over tflleo' years, hoping that the. Jubilee of the dib ese would boe narlked by a determiled el fort to conpleteotho Cnathedral.', Acting aon an explanatory letter from the Bishop, of fertorles were taken up at each parsh 'on. 80th October, 1898,' with the result that 53:, people had subscrlbed . £2280 is Sd, Christ: Church, Newcastle, contributlng £1324 10s 0d. The parishes of Dungog, Gosford. Gres. ford, (undy, Jerry's Plains, Lochhlnvnr, Paterson, Tarce, Winghatu. and Wolombl had sent in no returns. The committee considered that a personal canvass of the diocese should be undcrtaken to enlist the sympathies of the members of the Church . in this noble work, and so remove frolu the second diocese in tlhe'colony, the reproaclh of allowing Its Jubilee to pass by Ilt the presence of a half-built Cathedral. At the meetingt o 11lth January, 1809, tihe colnsit tee decided to Iistruct the treasurers to give notice to tile A.M.P. Society of tihe in tention to pay off £1000' from the mort gage, and also to ask for a reiluction in the ratt of Inlterest charged. Tihe society agreed to reduce tihe Intelreti provided that the rcnt was fixed to ronlali for a period of. three years froml 4th dMay instant. Theu cotnlnittee earnestly hoped that during the ptre'osent session of Synod fresh life would be Infused into titls movemcntt,and that tio diocese generally would reallse the.hinport ance of completing the Cathedral Church of' the diocese sufficiently for the celebration of Divine worship at atn early date. Air. Joseph Wood seconded. the motion. The scheme which the committtee had de cideod upon wa one which ought to nicet with the tapproval of all members. of the church. le was somewhat surprised at the poor returns from some of the parishes. lie hoped to see the schemen broughllt to it successful Issue. lie and Mr. Joles would wait upon the Ity nlmembers of Synod and cndeavour to secure their co-operation In the personal canovass of the parishes. Christ Church was not a local church, but the Cathedral Church of tite diocese, ilad it behoved everybody to see that the Cathcdlral was completed iin the position where it stood-the best site in Newcastle. If the lay reprc?aenlatlves of Synod did not co operate it pauid cenvasser would have to, be engaged. The balance-aheet would showr that a sumn of £1000 had becen pai-ld off.the'. liabilites during the year, reducing tleunt to £2000. (Applause.) Mir. C. I. Dlight said he did not favour a house to house collcticonl while there was: uncertainty in the minds of the people as to how the finances actually stood. The report did not give autiltent informatlori If the. fullest information were given and if that information were satilfactory the necessary amount to completo the Cathedral would be i obtalned in two years. Air. Ed. White endorsed what Mr. Dight had said. 'Mr. Joseph W\'ood stated that tno arrange-; Inents hlad been illnde for going on with the work, for tOhe slmple reason that no' mlonct' was available. Whenever a start mlight bh,. made there was ii probAbility that the into: architect would ondeavour to block' pro gross. This could be explained by ,the Chancellor'. , ' Ilon. A. J. Gould, M.L.C.. theonexplnlnatdl. that the late architect had no right to con-, tinue Itn tile position that hie occupied 'soalftu few years ago. lie had been (according, toe:. the terms of the agreement) entitled to' £1000 by certain Ithatnalments. This. £1000' htad bch paid to him, and a letter had: been' clnt telling the late architect that his ser vices would he no longer required.' The architect still held out that he had, n, right,, for'the sake of iis status as int architect,. to completo the worlk he' undertook. But. lie (Air. Gould) 'denied that the architect: hlad any legal power to force himself on ' the committee. The people of the diocesow" aould, therefore, rest conttented .that what- ever might diow be contributed would go., towards tihe building iti of the Cathedlral;. which. by the adoption of the ordinance.be fore Synod, would become the Bishop's, Church and the true Cathedrab of tih;dilo cose. (Hear, hear.) Mlr. Dight asked if It was not likely that the architect would take an action for dImages by injury to Ills reputation. Hon..A. J. Gould stlated that thoere was nothing toprevent the architect taldng anl action, but in his (Mr. Gould'ts oplhion'l hi wouid not have the ghost of a show. of wilnling.; Hle had not been engaged to com ileto the builtllipg anLt ll hazards. TheI bllding was .cdttulated. to cot £7000 to' complete according to the original designs. -ilt the possession of tile late architect.'. Tho nmotloir for' the reception was; car-. roed, nand Synod then, adjourned till thtl?, norlning. 