LOST FOR LOVE. CHAPTER LIV .—(Continued). \ ' I'll tell the whole truth,' said Cherrie,' aloud. ' I'll tell everything, Mr. Blake, when I'm once sure I'm not Captain Cavendish's real wife. I. know I did wrong to treat poor Charley as I did ; but I will do all I can now to make up for it.' They reached S ? at dark, and remained there all night and tho following morning. They might have gone down to Speckport in the 8 p.m. train : but 'Val preferred to remain for the 2 a.m. for reasons of his own. ' If we land in Speckport at noon, Cherrie,' Lo said, 'we may be. seen and recognized. We will go down in the afternoon and get thero about niije, when it will be dark', and you can pass unnoticed. I don't want Cap tain Cavendish to find out you are there, until I am ready.' So Cherrie, thickly veiled, took her place in the car, after dinner ; and. was whirled through the pleasant country, with its fields and forests and villages, toward good old Speckport — that dull, foggy town that her heart had grown sick with longing many a time to see. , There were no lamps lit in the streets of Speckport that night. When the waning September moon shown out in such brilliance, surrounded by such a crowd of stars as per suaded one to believe all tlie constellations were flaming at once, gas became superfluous, and the city fathers spared it. The veiled lady was handed out by Mr. Blake : a pro ceeding which considerably excited the curio sity of some of Mr. Blake's friends loafing about the platform. . 'Blake can't have got married up the country, can he ?' drawled out Lieutenant the Honorable L. H. Blank to young McGregor. ' Who's the woman ?' ' Blessed if I know,' replied Alick. Val hurried his charge into a cab, sprang in after her, and gave the order, ' Wasson's Hotel.' ' It's a new place, and not much patronised,' he explained to Cherrie. ' You won't be xeuuginzeu mere ; ana i. n tnem to letcn you your meals to your room., And to- morrow, .Cherrie, I want you to come round to my office at about eleven. Come in the back way off Brunswick-street, yOu know ; so you won't havo to pass through the outer office, and be recognised by Clowrie and Gilcase, and the rest of 'em. I'll be waiting for you ; ' and if Cavendish doesn't drop in, which he docs to kill time about that hour every day, I'll send for him, and you'll hear his confes sion without being seen. _ Mr. Blake walked home that night', chuck ling inwardly all the way. ' I said I would pay you off, Cavendish,' lie soliloquized, ' for leading Charley Marsh astray, and cutting up those other little cantrips of yours ; and I think the time has come at last — I really think, my dear boy, the time'lias come !' It was some time after ten when Mr. Blake presented himself at Mr. Blair's, and found the family about retiring for .the night. Laura 'was not at home, she was up at Redmon — Laura's mamma said — stopping with Mrs. Wyndham, who seemed to beN very unhappy. 'What was she. unhappy about?' Mr. ?, , Dlakc inquired. But Mrs. Blair only sighed, and shook her head, and hinted darkly about hasty marriages. 'Eh ?' said Val, ' Wyndham doesn't thrash her, docs he ? She's big and buxom, and he's only a little fellow, and I think, on the whole, she would be a match for him iu a free fight !' Mr. Blair laughed,' but Mrs. Blair looked displeased. ' V. ' My dear Mr. Blake, how can you say such things? Mr. and Mrs. Wyndham are not a happy couple, that is clear ; but whose is the fault I cannot undertake to say. He is greatly changed. of late. I suppose he worries about his mother.' ' Oh, his mother ! Has anybody seen that most mysterious lady yet ?' ' Not that I am aware of ! He has not even . called in medical advice.' 1 ' And the ghost,' said Val, lighting his lied- room-lamp, 'lias it been figuranting since?' ?' No,' said Mr. Blair ; ' the ghost hasn't showed since you left. I say, Blake, did you settle your country business satisfactorily?' ' Very !' replied Mr. Blake, with emphasis. I never, settled any business more to my satisfaction in tho whole course of my life !' Mr. Blake was in his office bright and early . next morning, hard at work. At about eleven , lie descended the stairs, and opened the back . door, which fronted on a dull little street, ' through which a closely-veiled female figure \- was daintily picking her way. Val admitted the lady, and ran before her upstairs. ' Up to time. Cherrie ; there's nothing like it ! I sent Bill Blair round to Cavendish's ? arooms to tell him to look in before twelve, and and I expect tlicm back every moment. By Jove ! there's his voice outside now. Get in Iiero quick, and sit down ! There's a' crack in the partition, through which you can see and .liear. Not a chirp out of you, now. Come ? in!' Mr. Blake raised his voice ; and in. answer, , tho door opened, and. Captain Cavendish, smoking a cigar, lounged in. Val gave one glance at the buttoned door of the little closet ? in which he had hidden Cherrio, and nodded familiarly to his' visitor. ' Good-morning, captain ! find a chair. Oh, . pitch the books on the floor— they're of no ac count. I'm to notice them all favourably in tlie Spouter — the author sent a five-dollar bill , for mo to do it !' .'Young Blair said you wanted to see me,' remarked the captain, tilting back his chair, . and looking inquiringly through his cigar - ? smoke. .' Why, so I did. I heard before I went up the country, a rumour that you were going to leave us — going to leave the army, in fact, ?????, and return to England. Is it so ?' ' Yes. I'm comfoundedly tired*of Spcck port, and this from-hand-to-mouth-life. It is time I retired on my fortune, and I am going to do it.' 'How?'.' ' Well, I mean to return home — run down . -to 'Cumberland, and saddle myself on my old uncle. He was always fond of me as a boy, and I know is yet, in spite of his new wife and heir. Perhaps I may drop into a good thing there — heiresses aro plenty.' ' I should think you had got your heai't scald of that,' said Val, grinning. 'You bait your hook for heiresses often enough; but the gold-fish don't seem to bite.' Captain Cavendish coloured and frowned. ' All heiresses are not Miss Hendersons,' he said, with a cold sneer. ' I might know what to look tor from your Bluenose and Quaker tradesmen's daughters. I shall marry an English lady — one whose father did not make his money selling butter or hawking fish:' ' Oh, come now, Cavendish ! You have beon in love in Speckport. Don't deny it!' ' I do deny it,' said the captain, coldly. 'Nonsense! You were in love with Nathalie Marsh.' | ' Never ! Azure-eyed and fair-haired wax dolls never were any more to my taste than boiled chicken ! I never cared a jot for Nathalie Marsh.' '.'Well, you did for Olive Henderson — you can't deny that ! She is not of the boiled chicken order, and all Speckport knows you were mad about her.' ' Speckport knows more than its prayers. I did.admiro Miss Henderson— I don't deny it; but she had the temper of the old devil, and 1 am glad I escaped her ! ' And Cherrie — have, you quite forgotten Cherrie ? You were spooney enough about I her. ' Bah ! said Captain Cavendish, with infi nite contempt; ' don't sicken me by talking of Cherrie ! I had almost forgotten there ever was such a little fool in existence !' 'And you never cared for Cherrie, either ?' Captain Cavendish broke into a laugh. 'You know how I cared for her. The woman a man can marry is another thing altogether !' ' Some far higher up in the world than Captain .Cavendish have stooped to fall in love and marry girls as poor as Cherrie. You never could, I suppose ?' ' Never ! The idea is absurd ! I wouldn't marry a girl like Cherrie if she had thebqauty of tho Venus de Medicis !' ' Did you ever undeceive Cherrie about that marriage affair ? Did you let her know she was not your wife?' 'Not I,' said Captain Cavendish, coolv. ' I never took so much trouble about her ! I was heartily sick of her before a week !.' ' Well, it seems hard,' said Val. ' Poor 1 little thing ! Sho was nery fond of you, too.' Stuff ! She was as fond of me as she was, or would be, of any other decently goodlook ing man. She was ready to run off with any 'one who asked her, whether it were I, or young Marsh, or any of the rest. I know what Cherrie was made of.' ' And so she thinks she is still your wife ?' ' I don't know what she thinks, exclaimed the young officer, impatiently : ' and what's more, I don't care ! What do you talk to me of Cherrie Nettleby for ? I tell you I know nothing about her!' 'And I tell you I don't believe it,' said Val. 'You have her hid away somewhere, Cavendish ; and if you are an honourable man you will tell her the truth and provide for her before you leave Speckport.' Captain Cavendish might have flown into a rage with any other man, hut ho only burst into a loud laugh at Val. ' Tell her the truth and provide for her ! Why, you blessed innocent, do you suppose Cherrie, wherever she is, has been constant to me all this time ? I tell you I know nothing of her, and care nothing ! Make your mind easy, old fellow ! the girl is off with somebody else loner before this ! What's that ?' Captain Cavendish looked toward the buttoned door of the closet. There had been a strange sound, between a gasp and a cry, but Mr. Blake took no notice. . ' It's only rats ! So you will leave Specks port, and do nothing for Cherrie ? Cavendish, I am sorry I ever had a hand in that night's work!' ' Too late now, my dear boy !' laughed the Englishman - 'Make your mind easy about Cherrie ! She's just the girl can take care of herself ! If ever she comes back to Speckport, give her my regards !' He pulled out his watch, still laughing, and arose to go. ' Half-past eleven— I have an engagement at twelve, and must ' be off. By-by, Blake ! don't fret about Cherrie.' Mr. Blake did not reply, and his face was very grave as he shut and locked the door after his visitor. ' You're a greater villain, Captain Caven dish,' he said to himself, ' than ever I took you to be !' Come out, Cherrie — have you heard enough ?' '? Yes, she had heard enough! She was crouching on the floor, her hands clinched, her eyes flashing. She leaped up like a little tigress as he opened tlie'door. ? ' Take me to a magistrate,' she cried. 'Let me tell all I know ! I'll hang him ! I'll hang him, if I can !' ' Sit dow.n. Cherrie,' said Val, ' and com pose yourself. It won't do. to go in such a gale as this before the authorities. . Tell mo first. By that time you will be settled !' An hour afterward; Mr. Blake left his office by the back door, accompanied by tho veiled lady. Cherrie had told all. S CHAPTER LV. overtaken. - Mr. Blake had made little notes of Clierrie's discourse, and had tho whole story arranged in straightforward and business- like shape, for the proper authorities. He did not lead his fair companion straight to those authorities, as she vindictively desired, but back to her hotel. 'I think I'll hand, ovpr the case to Darcy, Cherrie,' he said ; ' and ho is out of town, and won't be back till to-morrow afternoon. There's no hurry — Cavendish won't leave Speckport' yet awhile. We'll wait until to morrow, Cherrie. . Cherrie had to obey orders ; and passed tho time watching the passers-by under her win dow. There wore plenty of passers- by, for tho window fronted on Queen street, and Cherrie knew almost every one. It was hard some times t-3 hide behind the curtain instead of throwing open tho casement aud hailing those old friends who brought back so vividly the happy days when sho had boon the little black-eyed belle, and Captain Cavendish was unknown. It seemed only like yesterday since she had tripped down that sunlit street, in glittering- silk, with all the mon bowing, and smiling, and tipping their hats jocosely to her; only yesterday since the good-looking young drygoods clerks vaulted airily over the counters to do her bidding. And now, aud now !' She never could ba what sho had beon again. And to this man, this false and treachorous Englishman, for whom she had sacrificed noble-hearted Charley Marsh, she owed it all. Sho set her teeth vindictively, and clinched her little fist at the thought. ' But I'll pay him for it ! I'll teach him to despise me ! I only hope that they may hang him — the villain ! Hard labour for life would not be half punishment enough for him !' j They talk of presentiments ! Surely, there ! never was such a thing, else why had George Cavendish no dim foreshadowing of the doom darkening so rapidly around him. He had told Val Blake he had an engagement. So he had : it was in Prince street, with Mr. Tom Oaks, who had returned, to Speckport, and who was going the road to ruin faster than any victim Captain Cavendish had ever in hand before. It was growing dusk when they left the gambling-hell ; and Mr. Oaks was poorer and Captain Cavendish richer by several hundred pounds than when they entered. The gorgeous colouring of the. sunset yet flared in the sky, though the crimson and amber were flecked with sinister black. Captain Caven dish drew out ii gold linnting- watch, and looked at the hour. 'Past six,' he said, carelessly; 'I shall be late .at Redmon, I fear. Tho hour is seven, I believe. Do you drive there this evening ?' . ' No,' said Mr. Oaks, with a black: scowl, ' Ihope my legs will be palsied if ever they cross the threshold of that woman ! I'm not a hound, to fawn on people who kick me !' Captain Capvendish only smiled — he rarely, lost his temper — and went off to hie hotel, whistling an opera air. He passed under Cherrie's window ; but no prescience of the flashing black eyes above troubled the serenity of his mind. He was walking steadily to his fate, as we all walk — blindly, unconsciously. ? Captain Cavendish was the last to arrive at Redmon — all the other guests were assembled in tho drawing-room when he entered, and they had been discussing him and his departure for thedast quarter of an hour. The dinner party at Redmon was a very pleasant one, and | every one, except, perhaps, tne stately nostess nerseir, was very gay ana animatcd.r Mr. Wyndham, despite the trouble he was in about his poor mad mother, was the most entertaining and agreeable of hosts. The ladies, when they flocked back to the drawing room, enthusiastically pronounced Mr. Wynd ham ' a perfect love !' and declared they quite envied Mrs. Wyndham a husband who could tell such charming stories, and who was so delightfully clever and talented. And Olive Wyndham smiled, and sat down at the piano to do her share of the entertaining, with that dreary pain at her beating and rebellious heart that never seemed to leave it now. Yes, it was a very pleasant evening; and Captain' Cavendish found it so, and lingered strangely, talking to his hostess after all the rest had gone. Lieutenant theHonourableL. H. Blank, who was waiting for him on the graveled drive outside, grew savage as he pulled out his watch and saw it wanted only a quarter of twelve. I 'Confound the fellow!' he muttered, ' does he mean to stay all night talking to Mrs. Wyndham, and I am sleepy. Oh, here he is at' last! I say, Cavendish, what the dickens kept you ?.' '. Captain Cavendish laughed, as he vaulted into his saddle. ' What's your hurry, my dear follow ? I was talking to Mrs. Wyndham, and common polite ness forbade my cutting the conversation short.' ' Common bosh ! Mrs. Wyndham was yawning in your face, I dare say ! My belief is, Cavendish, you are as much in love with that black- eyed goddess now as ever.' ' ' Pooh ! it was only a flirtation all throngh ; and I would as soon flirt with a married lady any day as a single one. She looked superb to-night, did not she, in that dress that flashed as she walked — was it pink or white — and that ivy crown on her head ?' ' Sho always looks superb ! I should like to fetch such a wife as that back to old England. A coronet would sit well on that stately head.' A strangely-bitter regrot for what ho had lost smote the heart of Captain Cavendish. It ? might have been. Ho might, have brought that black-eyed divinity as his wife to Eng land, but for poor Paul Wyndham. Why had she preferred that man to him ?' ' I wonder if she loves him ?' he said aloud. ' Who ?. — her. husband ? D you know, Cavendish, she puzzles mo there. She treats him with fearfully frigid politeness, but she never ccaSes to watch him. If lie wero any kind of man but tho kind he is, I should say she was jealous of hitn. He is a capital fel low, anyhow, and I like him immensely.' They rode through the iron gates as ho spolco, which clanged noisily behind thom. Tho night was not very bright, for tho moon struggled through ragged piles of block cloud, and only glimmered with a wan-and pallid light on the earth. The treos loomed up.: black against the clear sky, and cast vivid and '? ' unearthly shadows across the dusty road. A sighing wind moaned fitfully through the wood, and the trees surged an groaned, and rocked to and fro restlessly. It was a spectra night enough, and the young lieutenant shivered in the fitful blast. ' I feel as if I had takon a shower-bath of ice-water,' he said. ' Wasn't it somewhere near here that Val Blake saw the ghost ? Good heavens ! What's that?' As he spoke, there suddenly came forth from the shadow of a tree, as if it took shape from tne blackness, a hgure — a woman s figure, with long, disordered fair hair, and a°face white as snow. Captain Cavendish gave an awful cry as he saw it ; the cry startled his horse — only a half-tamed thing at best — and, with a loud neigh, it started off like an arrow from a bow. Tho horse of Lieutenaut. Blank, either taking this as a challenge, or frightened by the sudden' appearance of the woman, pricked up its ears and fled after, with a velocity that nearly unseated his rider. The lieutenant overtook his companion as they clattered through the streets of the town, and the face of Captain Cavendish was livid. ' For Heaven's sake, Cavendish !' cried the young man, 'what was that? What was that we saw ?' . _ ' It was Nathalio Marsh !' Captain Caven dish said, in. an awful voice. ' Don't speak to' me, Blank ! I am going mad.' (To be continued.) ) 