IRovelfct. The Secret Chamber ; on, TIIE GIPSY S VENGEANCE. CHAPTER XVIII, THE DEATH OF Sill HUGH. , _ By Eliza A. Bupuy, Author of "The Outlaw's Bride? " The White Terror ," &e.;% &V;, To account for what now ocourred, wo muat roturn to tho trooper who had boon loft on guard below. Jones was a person of inquisitive mind, and it occurred to him that while his comrado kopt watch over tho movements of tho family abovo stairs, ho would mnko a foray throuch ; the older portion of tho building. Tito key still remained in tho door which gavo into tho corridor, and ho traversed its length and entered tho chapel. His' quick eyo soon caught aighfc of tho lifted flag stono, and, whilo ex amining it, the open pauol also attracted his attention. Ho exclaimed : "ByJovo I tho soorot's out 1 That chap was hid in tho gnrrot, and he's somowhoro about horo, that's certain. Tho way's beon oponod for him to got out, and mayboT can trap him before ho gob's away." Ho rushed back to tho inhabited portion of tho houso, called to his com- ?' in a fow words, informed him of the discovery ho had made, at tho same time tolling him to remain in front of Mrs. Mothurn's room, and, in five minutes, to enter it, whilo he made his WAV tn fill) finnnkUa f 1. - : .J iur uu wna cor- tain that a communication existed be tween tho chapel and that anito of apartmonte; . Jones ran back, swiftly mountod tho "tojra, and moved in the direction in which ho know the rooms were situated The sound of voices soon guidod him, and ho crashed through tho wardrobe at tho moment that the cries from tho next room warned lum that a fcuIBo was going on. Tho gipsy turned like a lioness at hay, while Sir Hugh fell back, dropping tho pon from his Jiar.d as ho gaspingly said s "Lost I lost 1 All is lost !" TJioy were tho last articulate words he over uttered, for tho .shook had snapped tho silver cord, and tho lmrd and sinful soul of tho baronet was wrenched from his body in that momont of supremo anguish. . Jonos strode to the door, unlocked and threw it open. Vernor was struggling desperately with his assailant, who had comottpun him without warning, while Mrs. Medium and Ethel, paralysed by fright, looked on without even uttering a Tlio new-comer graaped tho liends of the young man from behind, and in a few moments he was socuroly bound and placrd on a ohair.' "Who locked that door? asked Yenmr, savngoly. 44 But for that I might have escaped you both. wf,at have you done with my father?" I behove he s fnintov «'ow we've got you safe, I'll look nftor »..d old gentle- mnn, Don t bo scared, ladies ; wo aint to hurt you, though you did try to liido tin young chap amongst ye." Mrs. Medium rushed into tho dressing- room, followed by Ethel, and tho young gir» uttered a loud ory as she behold Sir Hugh, with fallen jaw and glazing eyes, sitting bolt, up'riglit, with his hands still atiotolied out over tho little table. Tho gipsy and tho docd hud both dis appeared. ,,f-ho Inst shock has proved fatal to h»'|Ji Bftid Mrs. Mothurn, with emotion. God Hits morcifully removed him from trouble t to come. Go to your own room, my child, for this Bight is too painful for o»o of your tender yoara. I will nitond to what must bo done hero." But Ethol would not consent to leave her; by this time tho two soldiers had entered the room, and in compliance with tho request of Mrs. Mothurn, they lifted tho corpse and placed it on a couch that stood in the room ; and straightened tho limbs, and Mrs. Mothurn closed tho mouth and pressed down the eyelids over the staring eyes from which all expres- tiontly Vernor called out, imps- 44 What are you all doing in there? Sir Hugh— father, come out ; I wish to speak yu« I supposo that privilogo at least will not bo doniod mo." Ethol weut to iiim, palo and trem bling. X0rnor — Por Vornor, this is a lad blow for you. Ho will nover.como to m again. Ob, ho is dead l" i bhiih u .»«reu run ruce with lushanas, and sho could sou thnt ho trembled in ovory libro of hin fntmo. Presently, ho looked up niul lionrsuly suid : '' Thou it's all up with mo. A prisoner to tlioso who know no morcy/and my father gono, there is no.ono to atnnd be tween me and destruction. Ihaveruinod you tun, Ethel ; tho remnant of proporty loft to you will barely purchase your own safety. 44 "Don't talk of that now, Vernor," she gently replied ; 44 I will stand by you to tho lust, and if the sacrifioo of all I claim can savo you, Vornor, I will oheerfully mnko it." Mrs. Mothurn camo in silently wooping. Sho plnood hor hand on Vornor's head and revoiontly said : 44 Tho Lord has dealt with his creature. Sir Hugh has esooped the evils wo must rouao our courngo to face," 44 Oh, Aunt Agnes, if he could only havo lived a fow weeks lunger, ho might liavo beon ablo to avert utter ruin from us all ; but now, ovcrything 1b lost. Alako up your minds to go with mo to prison, for Kirko will coino back and take us all away with him." 41 If it must bo so, I can go. I will writo to Gerald' of tho strait we arc in, and ho and Mr. Clyde may bo ablo to help us." 41 If justice reigned in the land, porhaps they might; but 1 havo nohopo from that. Resign yourself to the worst, for Kirko arrests us, and Joffroya will sit in judg ment upon us," ' Mrs. Mothurn shuddered. Tho reputa tion of Jotlroys wob woll known to hor, and tho thought of oven appearing boforo him filled hor with horror. Tho troopers horo joined thorn, and, rough as thoy were, thoy refrained from saying anything to tho unhappy young man to amhittor Iim nnntitfit v TCirnn Ihnv had somo respect for the lifeless form .of him who was so lately tho stay and protec- tion of those boforo thorn. Vernor haughtily rogarded thorn, as ho said : 41 1 may at least bo permitted to go in and look upon 'my dead father for tho last tirao, Froe ray foet that I may walk." (> If you'll promise not to make a dash, young man, an' try to get off, I'll do you that sorvico." said Jones, as he sevored the cord that bound his foet. Vornor said nothing in roply, but stood an instant balancing in' nis mind his ohancosof esoape. Whilo Ethol talked with him alone, sho had lightly lopsoncd tho Iraiidkorchief with which his arms wore bound, for tho tou- son nppoarod painful, and a few cautious movomenta had convinood Vornor that ho could release them without muoh offort. He said : l4Now I am ready. Onoofyoucankoep guard at tho door wlulo tho othor goes with mo in tho dressing-room. I shall not bo long." Tho troopers exchanged glances, and Simpson took 1 is station olosa beside tho door, Vornor walked forward, followed byJoncs, and his rapid glance took in tho condition of tho room. Ho asked : 44 Who guided you to yonder open ing?" 41 My own wit and the onrolossnoss of tlioso that came before mo. Tho woman that was iu horo got away whilo I was seourin' you," 44 What woman?" said Vornor, be wildered. 44 How should I know? Ono of tho servants, mayhap, who know tho way up." But tho prisoner know bottor, and like a flash tho remombrnnco of tho strango gipsy woman camo to him. Thntshediod somo mysterious connection .wiih his father, that sho know all tho secret plncra in tno nouso, no was awaro, and Ins heart grew faint within him as ho remembered how sho had kept upon his track for yoara past. Could sho have followed him to England to mako his destruotion sure ? Why sho wished ovil to him ho did not know, but that alio was his deadly and uncompromising onoray ho folt assured. Ho approached tho couch and looked down on tho inanimate form that lay upon it, thinking less of his boroavoinent than of tho means of escaping from the toils that wero olosing around him. Jones poored through tho oponing in tho wardrobe, and muttored comments on its ingonuity. Ho found tho saw, and said, nloud : . 44 Tho gal got this, but how she brought it up I don't know. Sho's a sharp unj an' needs looking after a bit." Vornor glanced furtively at him. Tho door communicating with tho outer door had swung partly lo. Jones was on his knoos groping in tho wardrobe, and adzing tho opportunity, ho slipped tho handker chief from his arms, and at a bound, oloBod'the door, turned tho koy, and then sprang upon tho trooper. As Jones arose he struok him a heavy blow upon tile head, dashed through tho -oponing, and was half way aoross tho garret before tho mnn regained his stunned senses suffi ciently to pursuo him. But Kirko'a lambs wore too hard-bonded to be long bewildered oven bysuchablow ha tlio ono just dealt on tho trooper's Jiond, and as Vornor approached tho stair- why ho heard bis adversary in hot pur suit. Dashing wildly forward, ho cleared the stops at a u.oun'd, landed on_tho chapel floor, and olosod the panel, Ashe paused to take breath u figuro emerged from behind a pillar, which he instantly recognised as that of the Gipsy Queon. . "What "hair brought yon horo?" ho fiorccly askod, 44 What wore you doing in my father's room to-day ? .You havo doggod my stops for years, and now you have come to doliver mo ovor to des truction." . 44 You.speak tho truth," she recklessly replied.' 44 Tho ropo is mndo that will soon hang you, and J havo done my host to put it around your neck, though you havo bravely helped mo yourself. Tho sleuth-hound is on your traok, and' you need not liopo to escape him. You are rushing now upon your fato." 44 Who are you, and why have you pur sued mo thus for ovil ?" 44 The doad man that lies above can no longer stand between us, and since your race is almost run, I will toll you what vou wish to know. I am she who should nave beon Lady Methurn ; to whom every sacred pledge was given, and ruth lessly broken. My. son is the son of your father, and your own older brother; yet you lmvo darod to strike him. Go oh, Vornor Mothurn, and moot the retribution duo to that cowardly blow. I do not attompt to stop you. HaBton boforo the trooper breaks through the wall, for he is striking at it at a fearful rate." Jones, in truth, waa hammering against the panel wit n ail nis force, and as a crashing sound was hoard, as if it was splintoring bonea'h his blows, Vornor again bounded forward, and disappeared through tho opening in the floor. Ho had no thought at that momont for tho reve lation that had just boon mado to him ; his only caro was for his own safety, 'The gipsy again stepped behind the sheltering pillar, leaving Jones to foroe his way into the chapel, She know that the fugitivo was in hor power, for by this time her son must be at his station with the party of which he had gone in quost, and since nothing else wDuld be gainod by the day8 work, Melchoir might at loaat gain the reward offered for his brother's apprehension. Tho trooper at length smashed tho Eanel, and with the impotus of tho Ikst low, rollod out upon tho floor. As ho retrained his foot, a confused sound of voices and orios camo up from tlio vaults, and boforo ho could gain thoBtairs loading into thorn, a party of four men, load by Melchoir, camo up, bringing the fugitivo with them as a prisoner. Vernor had gono but a fow yards bolow, whon thoy closod around him, and pinioned him in such a manner as to render resistance in effectual. CHAPTER XIX. THE BROTHERS FACE TO FACE, A mossongor was sont to Kirke, inform-' ing him of tlio stato of affairs, and at the momont Vornor was brought in tho chapol ho daBhed tip to tho door, followed by tho remainder- of tho troop. Their loud and disorderly ontranco filled the whole building with clamor, and their coinliiander, with angry and inflamed 'visage, stalked through tho room of Sir Hugh and traversed the corridor with furious haste. He gainod tho chapel, and a gleam of forocious joy lighted up his features as ho saw tho prisoner standing boforo him bound and help less. 44 Well, young cock o tho walk, your wings are clipped at last," ho said, with a hoarse laugh. 44 You've led mo a proity danco, you and that docoiving old fathor of yours. Whoro is ho? I'll mako him feel that it is not safo to trifle with ono of his majoBty'a officers as ho has dono with rao to-day." Vernor disdainfully regarded him. 44 My father, thank Henvon I is beyond tho roaoh of your malice. You nor anyone olso will annoy him raoro." 44 Why, what does tho galliard moan? Whore is Sir Hugh, I say? - Bring him boforo rao, that I uiny signify my-pleasuro to him in this conjuncture of affairs? I'll tako tho old Binner whore he'll find cause to repent of his evil deeds." 44 You're spared that trouble, sir," said Jones. 44 Tlio old gentleman's gone a longer joiirnoy than you .'oan tako him. When 1 jumped in on tho liidm' placo o' the young 'un, ho jest fell baok and gave up tlio ghost." 44 Dead 1" said Kirko. 44 Do you mean that his tough old honrt actually broke whon ho letjrnod that his young scape graco was in tho toils? Bless, .my soul.! I had no idea ho had so much sensibility." ; 4< Ho's dead, euro, sir. Mobbe you'll como up and sou wliero tho youngster wns stowed away, an' you sou for yourself that Sir Hugh 'II novor brcatho again in this world." Giving orders for tho prisoner to bo re moved to tho hull and securely guarded, Kirko strode after his satellite and mountud totheganot, Ho carefully sur veyed his routo, and said : "OlovorJy contrived, faith; and tho> panol is so well concealed behind the pillar chat no ono would lmvo suspected its ox- man had taken refugo lioro, and I intended to stay in tho neighborhood until ho was nabbed." Whon thoy gained tho oponing into tho dressing-room, ho forced his burly form through it, and stepping out, atood.;bofore tho two affrighted ladies, who wero kneel ing before the couch on which tho' body of Sir Hugh lay. Mrs. Mothurn extri cated herself from Ethel's dinging arms, and arose with dignity; while the. poor girl turned her pallid face to ward bun and pointed appealinglyjbo tho lifeless form of tho baronet. Mrs. Methurn said: 44 1 trust that Colonel Ktrke will treat theso reuraius with tho respect that ib due to thom." .. ' Tho rudo soldier lifted his hdt in the prosonco of death, and replied : - 44 Ho's douo his last wrong ma'am, and gono whoro Jeffreys can't roaoh'. liim, which I "Can't say I'm sorry for; . Sir Hugh wa? a liberal man, and 111 sod him put decently in tho family vault beforo we go. But I am sorry to say that you and this young lady must go with me to Taun ton as soon as the job s completed." 44 Can wo not bo permitted to- re main hero till our prosonoo is necessary there ?" 41 1 had agreed to that, but now it is impossible. You have helped to conceal that young fellow, thus making matters worse for yoursolves than thoy would have boon. Luckily, we caught him, and how he's safe with my lambs." "How long may we remain bioneath this roof, sir?" 44 Till my men have had a good dinner provided for them, ma'am, and wo have had time to knock up a box to put the old gentleman in. Ho was fond of his glass, and I hopo there will be . good wine to bo drunk at his funeral banquet. I roly on your respect for the deceased to order, a repast Buitod t% his quality, for my lambu aro used to tho best the country affords." 44 Thoy shall havo tho boat wo lmvo," replied tho lady; 44 but you must bo aWaro( of tho difficulty of obtaining suflioient food fur a whole troop of' horsemen at bo short a notice. Our family is not large, nnd it will take time tox Bond to tho vil lage." - : 41 Zounds! madam kill tho fatted calf ; kill his mother, if necessary ; for 1 shall not budgo from tho Priory till I have partaken of its hospitality. ' The Mothurns wore hot wont to bo niggards '; and if their fortunes havo fallon, thoro is still enough left to feed his majesty's soldiers." ' Mrs. Methurn did not reply to this rude speech ; sho merely bent her head and loft the room. . Messengers were dispatched to the vU-r lage, and to farmer Conway's to request that provisions might bo sent up to tho Priory ; but tho day was rapidly waiiiug away boforo. tho banquet .was » roady. for tho impatient and ; often clamorous soldiers; for Kirko allowed His men tho wildost liberty when not engaged in actual aervwoi A rough ooffin was procured for Sit Hugh, and with littlo ceremony ho was plucod in it nnd conveyed to the family' vault, whicli was situated in the rear of the chapel. Vernor and tho two ladies wore permitted te be presont, and, with fear and Irombling, the ouroto of the parish camo to read the burial sorvice over the . body. , When he asked leave to do so, Eirke replied : 44 It isn't muoh good they'll do suoh an old roprobato now, 'Mr," Parson-; but as it is customary, I won't refuse. I'm called a brute, and sometimes I net like ono, - but tho devil, 'you know, isn't s6 black as., he's painted. Tho women would feel horrified if tho old fellow was put away like a dog, and somohow that little girl interests me. The poor thing has boon mado a victim by Sir Hugh and that scamp of a son; thoy lmvo ruinod her, I know, nnd this affair will swallow up the last frngmont of her fortune. Somehow I pity her, though I don't ofton caro for those tho fortune of war. throwB in my hands." 44 Miss Ethel is a sweet young lady," replied tho ournto. 44 1 taught hor Latin and the mysteries of calculation, and sho was always a docilo pupil. I do hope you will try and befriend her in tho ovilstraits into which sho has fallon." . 44 As to that, my power over her fate . oensos when I -deliver hor ovor , to tho authorities at Taunton. Jeffreys w»U then1 bo thoarbiterof her dpsiiny;" \- Tho dominie shuddered. 44 0h, sir, lie is a merciless mnn, and this is suoh a young git 11 I— Pin told, sir, that thoBe ho cannot hang ho will condemn to bo sold as alaves iu tho West Indies. Think, of it, sir! suoh a dclioate young lady as this to be sent away oa ft slavo to that wild and unhealthy country." junce laughed bitterly and said :- . 44 It's good enough for tho moat of those who will bo sent there" Tho poor dominie regarded him with silent horror. Tho family at the Priory had been Mb patrons, and from him the . young peoplo had received the greater portion of their education. For Vornor ' no had less affoction than Gorald, but' ho could not think of the fato that threatened him without the bitterest re- grot. Whilo performing the lost services for tho deceased baronet, his voice faltered and his eyes filled with tears many times ; and in a parting interview with Mrs. Methurn ho promised to look in fre quently at tho Priory, and see how things went on during hor enforced absence. She mado an effort to look hopeful, as she said: . . 44 1 trust that we shall bo pormitted to ' return before long. If wo do not, I hope, j Mr. Panton, that you will remember tho ' fioor peoplo I have been in the habit of I cmking after." He promised to do so, and asked : 1 44 Will nob Mr. Gerald como to your as- | sistanco, mn'nm ? He's a lawyer, and he will know the rights of tho oase. It seems hard that you and Miss Ethel should be | taken away from your homo for such a trifle." „ | 44 1 have written to Gerald, and I shall send my letter from Taunton". i "Will they really pub you iu prison, . ma'am ? It's a dreadful place, for I'vo j been there to visit a friend. That was several years ago ; buttlio place is no bettor I now— nay, it is worao, for a malignant fever is raging among the peoplo confined there." ' ' Mrs. Methurn . shivered as she ex claimed! " - 44 My poor Ethel 1 it will bo torriblo to I take her into the midst of infection. I must mako every effort to escape that danger. Kirke is rough and brutal, but ' ho has tho ronutntion of beim? also v<-rv venal I have a hundred pounds by ine, which I have saved since Gerald went into Air. Clyde's office. Perhaps that will - purchase permission for us to remain under Mr. Digby's roof. It would bo too cruol to throw ua in tho midst of infec tion.-" 44 Kirko seems to feel for Alias Ethel, ma'am, and I think tho half of the money _ will bribe him to let you both remain with your friends. Bub no sum will keep Air, . Vernor out of prison. They aro. too muoh afraid lhat.he .will escape. Ho has shown such spirit and determination thnt they, will not consent to lose sight of him for an hour." - ' > r Airs. Methurn sighed heavily. . 4I am aware of that; and I havo no hope of keeping Him with us. . - To save Ethel from, contact . with suoh misery and degradation, is tho utmost I oxpcct to ac complish. You advise mo then -toraako the trial with Kirke ?" 44 1 think you i may venture to do so, ma'am. He can only refuse, and you will be no worse off than you are now." .. Thus counselled, Airs. Afetliurn sought an opportunity of:. spanking with Kirko,-' who at first utterly refused to listen to euoh a proposal. . Ho declared that tho two Indies must go to prison, aa many others of as high station lmd done before ; that he had no power to change their des tination,, but when he found that the widow had money of her own with which to purchase indemnity, ho sof toned his tone, and- after many manoeuvres to find out how muoh sho was ablo to givo, ho finally consented, to accept sixty pounds, and allow Ethel and her protoctroBs to take refuge iu the house of Air; Digby till the day of their trial arrived. When Mrs. Methurn ventured .to men-, tion Vornor, his face darkened, and ho abruptly said : 44 You can do nothing for the young man, madam. My advice to you is, to let him boar tho biirdon of tho calamity lib has brought. upon you all." Airs. Mothurn turned away wilh a sod heart; she would have gladly averted , from Vernor the penalty of his lato acts,, had sho poBsoasod the power to doso ; but sho was helpless to oid liim in any way. Vernor was strictly guarded.' in one of tho lower rooms; and no .'opportunity of speaking with him had been allowed tho two ladies, savo when thoy stood' be side tho bier when tl> 'uneral services were being performp Wo had then briefly Boid:- 44 Tako care of yourse. od Ethel, Aunt Agnes. It's all up with me, and I must bear ray fate like a man. I have brought evil enough upou you without hanging as a mill stone upon you now. Loavo me to my own deserts." The houBO for many hourB after was a scene of riot and confusion, from which Mrs. Alethurri was glad to take refugo iu the soclusionof hor own apartments. Tim lato dinner was served, for Conway eenu up a waggon load of previous, and tho. people of tho village, anxious to prove their rqyalty, furnished every- thing thought tho troopors would I nocd. x ' v'; , The wiu'o ' collar was searched, atid.a sufficient storo of both wine and alo wore found to intoxicate the wliolo party. Few would have bolioycd that tlio shadow of. death rested upon /that'' house, which rang with baccHtumlihn songs And royaler- ing laughter. ; The lo-tat wns, turned into a wild revel, and it was late in the night bofore tho (roopora staggered from tlio table Undor thor circumstances Kirke post poned their departuro till the following morning, for among his troops but ono sober man was to bo . found. . This was Simpson, to. whom the custody of Vernor was delegated, with the assurance that if ho permitted him to csenpo bis own life should be tbo forfeit. Alinohon "and her son were still in the house ; and Afelchoir watched for an op- Sortunity tooomo into tho prosonco of his rothor, that' ho might gratify his deop hatred by seeing him bound and helpless boforo liitn. Tho drunken troopors had sunk down upon tho floor in n heavy sloop, and tho house was at last quiot, when tho young ginsy camo stealthily toward tho door bo- atdo u'hicii Simpson hold his watch. Ho offered tho troopor a tankard of alo and a picee of money, and whispered : f 44 Lob me paBs ; lot mo soo my foe in tho toils, and I will bo your friend for lifo." . : 44 Gad 1 you'ro the fellow that sot tho men on tho right scont ; you helped to nab him, and I' don't suppoBo you'd caro to holp.him off," "I'd throttle him first," was tho ficrco response. 14 1 wish to witness his humili ation—to gloat on . his sufferings. . Ho degraded mo oneo by cowardly blows, but now I .think wo aro quits. Let mo pass, good follow, nnd it Bliall not bo the worst for you. Whon I get my share of tho reward for taking him, I'll remember you," . / ' . r 44 This alo is good ; this monoy is gonu- ino, and I don't seo any objection to grant ing what you ask. Go in and speak your -niiml to tho sullon youngster, who wouldn't atiswera civil remark I made to hiin a whilo ago." To ho Continued. 