THE EVOLUTION OF A BUSH FARM. THE WORK OF THE PIONEER. LECTURE BY MR. FRANK GEACH, LL.B. An interesting lectur'e on the above subject was delivered to an appre ciative audience in the Masonic Hall, on Thursday evening, by Mr- Frank Geach. The lecture was under the auspices of the: local branch of the A.N.A., and the President (Mr. H. J. Powell) occupied the chair: When introducing the lecturer, the chairman referred to his long connection as a pioneer with this part of Gippsland and to the fact that he had experienced and passed through all the vicissitudes about which he proposed to lecture that evening. (Hear, hear) MTh. Fxusic Ge.%cn, LL.B. In his opening remarks the lecturer f explained the genesis and growth of a Bush Farm, and stated that he desired to associate the subject with a general scheme for a PLACING PEOPLE ON TiE LAND. All projects to this end came under one of two classes-either aided or unaided. The former section was represented by the class who received assistance from public or private sources whilst the latter depended entirely upon their own capital and stout hearts. The problem before them was the growth from Bushdom 1 through Pioneering to Farmdom and I the two factors to be recognised were the people, and the land. As to the people they were obtained from all classes, butchers, bakers, draymen, tailors and as for himself, he was recruited from the drapers. Their one common trait however, was the possession of almost unlimited pluck and endurance. The pioneer differed from the farmer, their functions were rather complementary than indentical. One was a spender the other a maker 2 of money. In America this phase of settlement .was most marked as was well pointed out by Dr. Hearn in his a great work on plutology. In Gipps land to-day also, the same feature was apparent, and an absence of 10 years I from a district rendered a man almost a complete stranger. As regards the I land, they had the PLAINS COUNTRY,'AND TILE TIMBERED LAND the latter being what might be terined i divisible into forest and bush. The two former were of very little use as with the present state of agricultural knowledge, they could not be worked to much profit in small areas. The lecturer' remarked that what was called barren country grew very big timber and must have some valuable chemical properties in the soil, if settlers only possess some grass which would .flourish with those elements, and choke the tremendous growth of rubbish. However until they possessed .moire information a large- part: of their mountainous country would remain comparatively speaking valueless. The really valuable land was the bush country, with its ground gr6wth, sky growth, and two intervening layers, the tree ferns-and saplings. The ghosts were the representatives of departed giants which in many cases had been - destroyed by the big fires of 'th~. fifties. The lecturer then by means -of some excellent. lantern slides traced the unfollment of. the lhodern farm. Views were shown - depicting the arrival of the pioneer on the virgin soil when - " With heart undaunted, long used to toil The Pioneer flings off his city mask His now, a mighty but congenial .task A king he treads.upon the virgin soil." The various processes in' grassing land fencing,, making -tracks and- bridges were described in-detail. The lecturer paid a high tribute to the HEROISM OF THiE woMEN, Who for years toiled in isolation. He said some- people remarked that women could not fight, but in pioneer ing they displayed just as much cour age and peiseverance amidst con tinuous danger, as any soldier of the Queen. The struggles were maintained against great odds for. the selector regarded his small conquests. as. stepping stones to higher things. Peace: had - its victories no less re nowned than war and no less bloody The casualties if linted would astonish them not so much in direct loss as in the number permanently disabled through over ° Work' and - imperfect nourishment. Truly they belonged to " Tiiz LEGION TIlAT NSEVER wAS LISTED " and.were daily:extending the bounds of freedom. The" lecturer in con clusion ,regarded the . pioneers of GipIlndlnki the missionairies in China, the nirregilais in Rhodesia, s as.ll fighting the same-battle, the battle of progress ; they" were, in effect, the outposts in the great: onmarch of British civilization. \- The lecture was listened to throuh out with great attention, and at? its close the lecturer: received the/con 'gr~tulations -.6f several of, those present. W e are enabled to reproduce the photo of the lecturer, thiough the coui-tesy of Rae Bros. Milbourne. 