SENSATIONAL STORY OF THE BOER COUNTRY. CHAPTER XVII. THE HIDDEN KRANTZ. Before the waggon left her, Sihamba took from it Ralph's gun, a very good ' roer, ' together with powder and bullets. Also she took tinder, a bottle of peach brandy, a blanket, mealies in a small bag, wherewith to bait the horse in a case of need, and some other things which she thought might be necessary. These Bhe loaded among her own goods upon the mule that with the horse had been fetched B by Zinti and hastily fed on corn. Now, I at her biddirjg, Zinti set Suzanne's saddle I upon the baok of the schimmel, and Ralph's I on that of Suzanne's grey mare, which he 1 mounted that the mule might travel 1 lighter. Then Sihamba got upon her own I horse, a good and quiet beast, which she I rode with a sheepskin for a saddle, and I ' they started, Sihamba leading the schimmel I and Zinti the mule which, as it chanced, I although bad tempered, would follow well B on a riem. I Riding up the kloof they soon reached I the spot where Van Vooren's band had I tethered their horses, and tracked the spoor I of them with ease for so long as the ground E was soft. Afterwards when they reached ? the open country, where the grass had been I burnt off and had only just begun to spring I again, this became more difficult, and at I length, in that light, impossible, Here I they wasted a long time searching for the I hoof marks by- the rays of the waning I moon, only to lose them again so soon as ? they were found. I 'At this pace we shall take is long to I reach Bull's Head kraal as did the cow you I followed,' said Sihamba presently. ' Say I now, can you find the way to it ?' I 'Without a doubt, lady; Zinti never ? forgets a road or a landmark.' ? ' Then lead me there as fast as may be.' I ' Yes, lady, but Bull Head may have H taken the Swallow somewhere else, and if B we do aot follow his spoor how sha 1 we I ' ? know where he has hidden her.' I 'Fooi, I have thought of that,' she H anuwered angrily, ' else should I have spent I all this time looking for hoof-marks in the I dark ? We must risk it, I say. To his m house he has taken her, for other white I _ folk are living in it, and it is not likely he ? would have a second, or a better hiding I place than that you saw. I say that we I must be bold, and risk it since we have ? no time to lose.' ? . ' Aa you will, mistress,' answered Zinti. ? u Who am I that I should question your S ' wisdom?' and, turning his horse's head, B he rode forward aoross the gloomy veldt as I certainly as a homing rock-dove wings its ? flight. ? So they travelled till the sun rose behind I a range of distant hills. Then Zinti baited ?- and pointed to them. ? . ' Look, lady,' he said. ' Do you see H that peak among the mountains that has a ? point like a spettr, the one that seems as H though it were on fire ! Well, behind it ? lies Bull-Head's kraal.' ? 'It is far, Zinti, but we must be there I ' to-night.' ? ' That may be' done, lady, bat; if so, we I . must spare our horses.' B ' Good,' she answered. ' Here is a I spring ; let us off saddle a while.' H * ? So they off-saddled and ate of the food M which they had brought, while the horses n filled themselves with the sweet green pi grass, the sohimmel being tied to the grey M mare, for he would not bear a knee-halfcer. '.?, All that day they rode, not so very fast ' ? : but steadily, till towards sunset they off \ saddled again, beneath the shadow of the spear-pointed peak. There was no water at this spot, but aesiug a green' place upon the slope of a hill, close by, Zinti walked to it, leading the thirsty beasts. Presently he threw up his hand and whistled, whereon Sihamba set. out to join him, ' knowing that he had found a spring. So it proved to be, and now they learned that Sihamba bad been wise in heading stmigbfc for Swart Piet's hiding-place, since round about this spring was the spoor of many horaeB and of men. Among these was the print of a foot that she know well, the little foot of Suzanne. ' How long is it since they left here ?''. fisked Sihamba, not a? one who does not know, but rather as though she desired to be certified in her judgment. , ' When the sun stood there,' answered Zinti, pointing to a certain height in the heavens. ' Yes,' she answered, ' three hours. Bull Head has travelled quicker than I thought.' ' No,' said Zinti, ' but I think that he knew a path through the big vlei, whereas we rode round it, two hours' ride, fearing lest we should be bogged. Here by this spring they stayed till sunset, for it was needful that the horses should feed and rest, since they would save their strength in them. 'Lady,' went on Zinti, presently, ' be yond the neck of the hill yonder lies the secret kraal of Bull Head. Say now, what is your plan when you reach it ?'' ' I do not know,' she answared ; ' but tell me again of the hidden krantz where the women built the new hut, and of the way to it.' He told her and she listened, saying nothing. ' Good,' she sai:l when he bad done. ' Now lead me to this place, and then per haps I will tell my plan if I have one.' S j they started ob again, but just as they reached the crest of the Neck a heavy thunderstorm came up, together with clouds and rain hiding everything from them. 'Now I sappose that we must stay here till the light enmes,' said Sihamba. ' Not so, lady,' answered Zinti, 'I have been the path once and I can go it agaiu in storm or shine,' and ha pressed forward, with the lightning flashes for a candle. Well was that storm for them indeed, since otherwise they would have been seen, for already S *at t Pict had set his scouts about the kraal. At length S'hamba fuifc that they were riding among trees, for water dripping from them upon her, and their branches brushed her face. ' Here is the wood where the women cut poles for the new hut,' whispered Zinti in her ear. 'Then let us halt,' she answered,, and dismounting they tied the three horses and the mule to as many small trees close to gether, but not near enougn to kick each other. Now Sihamba took a piece of biltong from a saddle-bag, and began to eat it, for she knew that she would need all her cleverness and strength. ' Take the bag of mealies,' she said, 'and divide it among the horses and the mule, giving a double share to the ecbimmel.' Zinti obeyed her, and presently all four of the beasts were eating well, for though they had travelled far their loads were light, nor had the pace been pressed. Sihamba tamed, and, holding out her hands towards the horses, muttered some thing rapidly. ' What are you doing, mistress V asked Zinti. ' 'Perhaps I am throwing a charm upon these animals, that they may neither neigh nor whinny till we come again, for if they do so we are lost. Now let ua go, and — stay, bring the gun with you, for you know how to shoot.' So they started, slipping through the wet wood like shadows. For ten minutes or more they creDt on thus towards the dark line of cliff, Zioti going firsb and feel ing the way with his fingers, till presently he halted. ' Hisft !' he whispered. ' I smell peo ple.' As he spoke, they heard a sotind like that of someone sliding down rocks. Then a man challenged, saying. ' Who passes from th-3 krantz ?' and a woman's voice answered, ' It is I, Asika, the wife of Bull Head.' ' I hear you,' answered the man. ' Now tell me, Asika, what happens yon der.' 'What happens? How do I know what happeus ?' she answeredi crossly. ' About sunset Bull-Head brought his new wife, a white chieftainess, for whom we buile the hut yonder; but the fashions of marriage among these white people must be very strange indeed, for this one came to her husband, her ieet bound, and with a faco like to the fnce of a dead woman, the eyes sat wide, and the lips parted. Yen, and they blindfoldod her in che wood there and carried her through this hole in the rock down to the hut, where sho is shut in.' ' I know auniouLing of thid matter,' answered the man; 'the white lady in no willing ;vifo to Bull-Hoad, for ho killed bor husband, and took her by force. Yes, yes, I know, for my uncle was one cf those wtth him when the deed was done, and he old me something just now.' ' An evil deed,' auM Aaika, ' and one that will bring bad luck upon all of us ; but then, Bull Head, our chief, is an evil man. Oh ! I know it who am of the num ber of his Kaffir wives. Say, friend,' she went on, ' will you walk a little way with me, as far as the first huts of the kraal, for I fear to pass it alone at night.' ' I dare not, Asika,' he answered, ' for I am set here on guard.' ' Have no fear, friend, the chief is within seeing to the comfort of his new wife.' ' Well, I will come with you a little way if you wish it, but I must bo back immediately,' he said, and the listeners heard them walk off together. ' Now, Zinti,' whispnred Sihamba, ' lead me through tho hole in the rock.' Ha took ber by the hand, and felt along the face of the cliff till he fourjd the bush which covered the entrance. To this he climbed, dragging hor afcor him, and pre sently they were in tho secret kraulz. ' We have fouud our way into the spider's nest,' muttered Zinti, who grow afraid; ' but say, lady, how shall we find our wrty out of it ?' ' Lead on and leave that to me,' she answered. ' Where I, a woman, can go, ?surely you who are a man can go also.' ' I trust to your magic to protect us — therefore I come,' said Zinti, ' though if we are seen our death is sure.' On they crept across the glen, till pre sently they heard the sound of the 8 null waterfall, anl saw it glimmering faintly through the gloom and drizz'ing raiu. To rhtir left ran the stream, and ou the banks of it stood something large and rounj. ' There stands the new hut where Stfallew is,' uphipp^red Ziuti. Now Sibaiiiba thought for a moment, and said : ' Zinti, I must find out whdt passes in that but. Listen ; do you lie hi i among the reeds under the bank of the stream, and if you hear me hoot like an owl, then come to me, but not beforo.' 'I obey,' answered Zinti, and crept down among the reeds, where he crouched for a long time up to his knees in water, shivering with cold and fear. CHAPTER XVIII. WHAT PASSED IN THE HUT. Going on to her hands and knees Sihamba crawled towards the hut. Now sho was within ten paces of it and could see that a man stood on guard at its door way. ' I must creep round to the back,' she thought, and began to do so, heading for some shrubs which grew to the right. Already she had almost reached them, when of a sudden, and for an instaab only, the moon shone oafc between two thick clouds, revealing her, though indistinctly, to the eyes of the guard. Now Sihambu was wearing a fur oape made of wild dog's hide, and, crouched as she was upon her hands and knees, half-hidden, moreover, by a tuft of dry grass, the man took her to be a wild dog or jackal, and the bair which stood out round her head for the ruff upon the animal's neck. ' Take that, you four-logged night thief,' he said aloud, and hnrled the assegai in his hand straight at her. The aim was good ; indeed, bad she been a dog it would have transfixed her. As it was, the spear passed just beneath her body, phming the hanging edges of tha cape and remaining fixed in the tough leather. Now, if Sihamba'd wifc had left bar, as would have happened with most, she was lost, but not for nothing had she been a wi?chdoc tore.Rs from ln-r childhood, skilled in overy urtifice and accustomed to t'neso death. From hia words sho guessod tbat the sonfcry had mistakon hor fora wild beua*, sj instead of springing to her feet slio played the part of onp, and uttering a howl of pain soramblod away ataong the bushes. She heard tho man start fco follow her, then the moonlight wont out and he returned to his post grumbling over bis lost assegai, and saying ho would fiad it; in tho jaclcals's body on tho morrow. Sihamba, listening not far away, knew his voice. ; it was that of the follow who had sot the nooae about ber neck at S^art Piot's bidding, and who waa to have done tho murder in. tbo pasa. ' Now, friend, you sjra unarmed,' sho thought to hersulf, ' for you have no gun with you and perhaps we will fiffcfcle our ncconnts before you go to seek tbafc dead juulcul by to-morrow's light.' Then draw ing the assegai from the cloak aud keeping it in hor hund, she crept on till sho came to the back of the hub in safety. SM11 she was not much nearer to her end, for the hut was new and very well built, and she ! cou'd find no orack to look through, though when she placed her ear against its side she thought that she could hoar the sound of a man's voice. In her perplrxity Sihamba oast her eyes uu wards and saw ? that a fine line of light shone from the smoke-hole at the very top of. the hut, which was hive-shaped, and a thought came into her head. ' If I climb up there,' she said to her self, ' I can look down through the smoke hule and see and hoar what passes in the hut. Only then if the moon comes out again I may be seen lying on the thatch ; well, tha.fc I mu3t chance with the rest.' S - very slowly and silently, by the help of the rimpi8 which bound the. straw, she climbed the dome of the hut, laughing to heraeif to think that this was the worst of omens for its owner, till at length she reached tho smoke-holo at the top and looked down. . - This was what she saw : Half aeated, half lyiDg, upon a rough bedstead spread with blankets, was Suzanne. Her hair had come undone and hung about her, h- r feet were still loosely bound together, and as the Kaffir Asika had. said, her face was like the face of i» dead woman, aud her eyes were set iu a fixed, unnatural stare. Before her was a table cut by natives oat of a/single block of wood, on which were two candles of sheep's fat set in bottles, and beyond the (able stood Swart Piet, who was addressing her. 11 Suzanne,' he said, ' listen to me. I have always loved you, Suzanne, yes, from the time when I was but a -boy ; we uaed to meet now and again, you know, when you wors out riding with the Englishman who is dead ' — here Suzinne's face changed, then resumed its death-ike mask — -'and a1 w*ys I worshipped yon, and alwys I Jiataii the Eo^lishcuan whom you fovoiuod. ~ ?A eil, us you gre'w older you bes/au to understand and dislike me, and Kenzie began to understand and iosulfc me, and from that seed of slight and insult gie 7 moat that is bad in me. Yes, Sozmne, you will say that I am wicked ; and I am wicked. I have done such thiugs as y -u .-.,.?' saw .last night, I have mixed up with Kaffir wizardries and cruelties, forgotten God and taken another master.. Fir from honouring my own father, why, I struck him down when he was drunk and dared m* to U-, and of that blow they say he died. Well, I owed him nothing less for begetting m& into such a world as this, and teaching me how to find the devil before the time. ' And now, Suzanne, standing before you, as I do here with your husband's blood upon my hands, and seeking your love over his grave, you will look at me and say, ' This man is a monster, a mad man, one who should be cast from the''' earth and stamped deep, deep into hell.' Yes, all these things I am, and let the weight of them rest upon your head, for you made me them, Suzanne. I am mad, I know that I am mad, as my father and grandfather were beforti me, but my mad ness is mixed with knowledge, for in mo runs the blood of the old Pondo witch '' dootoress, my grandmother, she who knew many things which are not given to white men. When I saw you and loved you I became half mad — before that I was sane —and when the Englishman, Kenzie, struck me with the whip after our fight at the sheep kraal, ah ! then J went wholly mad, and see how wisely, for you are the ? first fruits of my madness, you and the body that to-night rolls to and fro on the ocean. ' You do not answer well, look you, Suzanno. I luve won you bv craft and blood, and by craft and blooJ I will keep you. Here you are in my . power, here Heaven itself could not save you from me, in Bull-Huad's Btcret krantz that none know of but; somo few natives. Ohoose, there fore, forget the sins that I have committed to win you, and become my wife willingly, and no woman shall evoc fiud a better hus band, for then tho firo and tha tempest will leave my brain, and it will growjjalm, as it was before I biw you. 'Have you still no anawor? Well, I will not hurry you. S^o, I must go — do you knovv what for? To set scouts, lest by any chance your father or other for-h should have found my hiding p!«ce- though [ think they novor can find V. except it be through tho wisdom of Sihamba, which they will not seek. Still I go, and in an hour I will rolum for your auswor. H^ve you no word for ma boforo I go? Now during all tins long, half-insnua harangue, Sozinno h-'d 8ut quite silent, milking no reply at all, uot. evon seeming (o hear the demon, for such he was, whoso wicked bile defilod hov ram. But when ho naked hor whether she had nothing to Bay - to him before he went, still looking not at him, but beyond him, she gave him his answer in one word, the same that he had used when she awoke from her swoon : *.' Murderer !' Something in the tone in whioh she spoke, or poihaps in the subs ance - f that short speech, seemed to cow him ; at the least he tamed and left the bu\ an-1 presently Sihamba heard him talking to the sod try without, bidding him to keep close watch till he came back within an hour. When Piet went out he left the door bo&rd; of tho hut open, so that Sihamba dared neither aoh nor ppeak, fearing lest the guard should hear or see her through- it. Therefore Bhe still lay upon the top of the hut, and watched the smoke-holo. For a while Suzanne sat quiet upon the bed, then of a sodden she rose from it, and shuffling across to tho but as well tu her bound feet would allow her, she closed the opening with the door-board, and secured it by its wooden bar. Next she returned to the bed, and, seated upon it, clasped her bands and began to pray, mattering aloud and mixing with her prayer the name of Vipi' hiiHhanii TUlnh. Ceasint? nresentlv. frho thrust her hand into her bosom and drew from it a knife, not large, bat strong and very sharp. Opening; this knife, she cut the- thong that bound her ankles, and made it into a noose. Then she looked earnestly first at the noose, next at the knife, and thirdly at the candles, and Sihamba understood that she meant to do herself to death, and was choosing between Bte»l and rope and fire. Now all this wbib, although she dared not so much as whisper, Sihamba had not been Idle, for with the blade of the assegai she was working gently at the thatch of the smoke-hole, and cutting the rimpis that bound it, till at last, and not too soon, she thought it was wide enough to allow of the passage of h*r small body. Then watchirig until the guard leaned against the hut, so that the bulge of it would cut her off from his sight, rlnrinn- tho instant, t.lmf. h±-V fio-nra WftH nnfc lined against the sky, she stood up, and thrusting her feet through the hole, forced bar body to follow them, and then dropped lightly as a cat to the floor beneath. Bin now there was another danger to be faced, and a great one, namely, that Suzanne might cry out in fear, which doubtless she would have done had not the sudden sight of some living creature in the hut where Bhe thought herself alone so startled her that for a moment she lost her breath. Before she could find it again Sihamba was whispering in her ear, saying — 'Keep silence for your life's sake, Swal low. It is I, Sihamba, who am come to nnvfl vnil.' Suzanne stared at her, and light came . hack into the empty eyes, (hen they grew datk again, and she answered below her breath — ' Of what use is my life '? Ralph is dead, and I was about to take it that I may save myself from shame and go to seek him, for sure'y G;d will forgive the sin.' Sihamba looked at her and said : 'Swallow, prepare yourself for a great j -y, and, above all, do not cry out. Your liusband is not dead, he was but wounded, and I drew him living from the sea. He lies safe at the stead in your mother's care.' Suzinne heard her, an^, notviiiiistanding b-r caution, still she would have cried aloud iti tho ma.lDeaa of her joy, bad not SihambV seeing her lips opened, thrust her hands upon her mouth and held them there till the danger was pant. ' You do ncit lie to me ]' she gapped at length. 'Nay, I speak truth; I swear it. But this is no time to talk. Yonder stand food arid milk; eat while I think.' As Sihauib* «u'ssed, nothing bnt a little water had ptifS'id Snzinn'-'.s lips since the meal which she nrul tier husband took to gether besido tho waggon, nor one minute before could ehw have swallowed anything had her lifu boen the price of it. But now it was different, fir despair had left her, and hope shone in her heart again, and bo hold ! of a sudden she was hungry, and ate tmd drank with gladness, while Sihamba thought. Presently tha little woman looked up and whispered : „' A- plan comes into my head ; ic is n ' strange one, but I cm find no other, and it nv»y serve our turn, for I think that good )nok goes with us. Swallow, give me tho iio--8H of bidrt which you made from the riom that bound your feet.' Suzanne ob' yed her wondering, whereon S'.li'.»mbu placed the noo.su abcut her neck, thcuWdo Sua'iimu stand upon the bed anc thrust the end of the reim loosely into the thatch of the hat as high up as she could reach, so that it looked as though it were made fast there. Next Sihamba slipped off her fur c'oak, leaving herself naked except for the moocha round her middle, and olasp her handB behind her back with the assegai between them, she drewthb riem taut, and leaned against the wall of the hut after the fashion of one who is about to be pulled from the ground and strangled. 'Now, mistress, listen to me,' she said earnestly. ' You have seen me like this before, have you not, when I was about to be hanged, and you bought my life at a price. We'l as it chances, that man who guards the hutis he who took me at Bull Head's bidding and set the rope round my neck, whereon 1 said some words to him wnich made him airaid. Now if he sees me again thus in a hut where he knows you to be alone, he willthinkthat I am a ghost and his heart will tura to ice and the strength of his hands to water, and then before he can find his strength again I will make an end of him with the spear, as I know well how to do, although I am so small, and we will ay.' ? 'Is there no oth^r way?' murmured Suzinne aghast. ' None, Swallow. Fur you the choice lies between witnessing this deed and — Swart Piet or death. Nay, you need not witness it even, if you will do as I tell you. Presently, when Igivo the word, loosen the bar' of the door board, then crouch by the hole and utter a low cry of fear, calling to the man on guard for help. He will enter and see me, whereon you can creep through the door-hole and wait with out leaving me to deal with him. If I succeed I will be with you at once 5 if I fail, run to the stream and boot like an owl, when Zinti, who is hidden there, will join you. .Then you must get out of tha kraniz as best you can. Only one man watches the entrance, and if need ful Zinti can shoot him. The echimmel and other horses are hidden in the wood, and he will lead you to them. Mount and ride for home, or anyway away from this accursed place, and at times when you talk of the matter of your escape with your hus band, think kindly of Sihamba Ngenyanga. Nay, do not answer, for there is little time to lose. Quick, now, to the doorhole, and do as I bade you.' So, like one in a dream, Suzanne loosened the bar, and, crouching by the ontrar.ee to tbe hut, uttered a low wail of terror, saying, 'Help me, soldirr, help me swiftly,' in the Kaffir tongue. The man without heard, and, pushing down the bourd, crept in at once, sayiDg, 'Who harms you, lady!' as he rose to his feet. Then suddenly, in this hut, where there was but one woman, a white woman, whom he bim3olf had carriod into it, he beheld another woman — Siham- ba ; and his hair stood up upon his' head and his eyes grew round with terror. Yes, it was Sihamba herself; for the light of tbe candles shone full upon hpr, or rather her ghost, and she was hanging to the roof, the tips of her toes just touching the ground, as once he had seen her hang be fore. For some seconds he slarod in his terror, and while be stared Suzanne slipped from the hut. Then muttering : ' It is the spirit of the witch, Sihamba, who prophe sied my death hor spirit that haunts me,' he dropped to his knees, and, trembling like a leaf, turned to cr.fup from the hut. Next second he was dead, dead without a sound,, for Sihamba was a doctoress, and know well where to thrust with the spear. Of all this Suzanne hoard nothing and saw nothing, till presently Sihamba stood by her side holding the 6kin cape in one hand aud iho spear iu tho other. ' Now one danger is done with,' she said quietly, as she put on the c^po, ' but many still remain. Follow, me, Swallow,' and, going to tbe erlga of tho s'rearu, she hooted like an owl, whereupon Zinti came out of the reeds, looking very cold and frightened. 'Be swift,' whispered Sihambn, aud they started along the krantz at a run. Before they were helf-way across it, the slorm-clouds, which hnd been thinning gradually, broke uo altogether, aud the moon shone out with a bright light, show ing them as pUinly as though it were day, but as it chanced they met nobody and were Botm of none. At length they reached the cleft in tho rock that led to the plain below. ' Stay here,' said Sihamba, ' while I look,' and she crept to the entrance. Presently she returned, and said : 'A man watches there, and it is not possible to slip past him because of the moonlight. Now, I know of only one thing we can do ; and you, Zinti, must do it. Slip down the rock and cover the man with your gun, saying to him that if he stirs a hand or speaks a word you will shoot him dead. Hold him thus till we are past you on our way to the wood, then fol low us as best you can, but do not fire ex cept to save your liie or oura.' Now the gifts of Zinti lay rather in tracking and remembering paths and direc tions than fighting men, 30 that when he heard this order he was afraid and hesitated. But when she saw it, Sihamba turned up un hira so fiercely that he feared her more than the watchman, and went at once, so that this man who was half asleep suddenly saw the muzzle of a ' roer ' whhin three paces of his head, and heard a voice com mand him to stand still and silent or die. Thus he stood indeed until he perceived that the new wife of his chief was escaping, and then remembering what, would be his fate at the hands of Bull-Head he deter mined to take his chance of being shot, and, turning suddenly, sped towards the kraal, shouting as he ran, whereon Zinti fired at him, but the ball went wide. A cannon could scarcely have made more noise than did the great ' roer' in the silence of tbe night as the report of it echoed to and fro among the hills. ' Oh 1 fool to fire, and yet greater fool to miss,' said Sihamba. ' To the horses ! Swift f swift!' They ran as the wind runs, and now they were in the wood, and now they had found the beasts. 'Praise to the snake of my house !'' said S'hamba, ' they are safe, all four of them,' and very quickly they untied the reins by which they had fastened tho horse3 to the trees. ing the head of the great schimmel. Suzanne set her foot upon the shoulder of Zinti, who knelt to receive it, and sprang into the saddle. Thee, having lifted Sihamba on to the grey mare, Zinti mounted the other horse himself, holding the male by a leading rein. ' Which way, mistress ?' ' Homewards,' she answered, and they cantered forward through the wood. On the further side of this wood was a little sloping plain not more than 800 paces wide, and beyond it lay the seaward Nek through which they must pass on their journey to the stead. Already they were out of the wood and upon the plain, when from their right a body of horbemen swooped towards them, seven in all, of whom one, the leader, was Swart Piet himself cutting them Jrom the Nek. They halted their horses as though to a word of command, and speaking rapidly, Sihamba aBked of Zinti : ' Is there any other pass through yonder range, for this one is barred to us ?' ' None that I know of,' he answered ; ' but I have seen that the ground behind us is flat and open as far as the great peak which you saw rising on the plain away beyond the sky-line' ' Good,' said Sihamba. ' Let us head for the peak, since we have nowhere else to go, and if we are separated, let us spree to meet upon its southern slope. Now Zinti, loose the mule, for we have our lives to save, and ride od, remembering that death is behind you.' {To be continued.) 