DURING THE NIGHT. I have an affinity for awkward predica ments, and to submit to what is popular ly known as an "experience” is—if not ex actly my daily lot in life—my ver>' f^‘ quent fate. For the one that I am about to describe I paid half a crown. The sen sations that that half a crown brought OUUUUO Wit**. -- , to me were in excess of what I had an ticipated, and strained every nerve m my lK,ipdtcti> *— —--- - . body-. Yet l am not a fool, and no one is in his own estimation, ’Twas a November day—the time nine o’clock in the evening. I was in a Lon don street, and had,just viewed to my satisfaction a bow window in which was hung up a card with “Apartments to Let” printed on it. With the knowledge that I wanted a bed for the night, and with the card, before me, what could -be more natural and within the ordinary lot^ o£ man.than to ascend tlie flight of steps' that lay before- me,-knock, ring, enter, .and.secure a bed for half a crown, paid in' advance? To my mind there was such a plethora of vulgar incident in this that I remember the transaction but-dimly. That I was received by a landlady" (she. was middle-aged, I think)',' and escorted by her to a comfortable bedroom on the second floor; that I was left there with pen and ink; that I called for some: writ ing paper, and was waited upon by,a girl, who said that she would ask her father for some; that when she had brought it to me I wrote several -letters, and afterT .ward went to bed—all this is fixed \ ague ly in mv memory by its similitude to manv another night that I have passed under a hired roof. Then there comes a blank, which grows into memory again with the lugubrious sound of a prolonged howl—a dog’s. It was dark, so dark that the curtained window of my room offered but the faint est suggestion of the fog-swathed light without. Again and again the oppressive silence and heavy gloom around me were intensified to my semi- consciousness l»y the howl without dying down to a whim per, to extinction. A nervous feeling took possession of me, and fed upon the dark ness. I sat up in bed, and drew a long breath to free myself of its incubus. .What was there foul with the night that it came so heavily to my lungs? - For the moment I was puzz&i;?, '6 lit only for tits moment.’ And then, half- suffocated, X ejaculated: "It is gas; tl.’eve is an escape With a wave of my arm. T threw the bedclothes to one side , and v;tn an eager leg placed a foot to the floor. Then X stood up, and hesitated. Should I ring, should T call? "No," I muttered to my self, as I reflected that it was more than, probable that the servant would strifes a, match in coming to my room. Besides, the escape was perhaps in my room. A. step and a grope would tell me. I tela cautiously. No! the ta.p was. as it should, be.; Them thought lapsed into instinct, an® action supervened. I crept quickly ter the door, and turning the key in its - lock, with the caution of a thief, and drawing the door into the blackness of my-room, faced the blackness that vaster lay'outside it. Gently, gently, with a hand! touching a cold wall; I.• crept on ward and to the left. Sly lingers were caught by a projection: they .passed it by and sank into a hollow—itwas a door. I turned the'-handle and whispered gent ly. but distinctly, through the now- half open'ed door: Pit’s I. ilr Snipe, the lodger. Don't-strike.la match, y. Tliere’s an' escape.?/.; of-gas.. The lipuse isvfuil pf-itr-. 'Ajetyoit; / there? -'Po'.you' hear??,' T&ere;’-S:'. an ;S^-.y cape oT'gas^-" ' • -- - No answer, but again the dog howled,/" and again.I felt a nervousness come dj- er me- as I entered -the! room' to .fee! fdi- tbe-.;. bed. and found it—empty. In aiid out of the walled, blackness, to another room, and another—empty. Then up the stairs, to right and left, and back again — no body ' Down and down through the darkness, the ghost of light in a liall glass, with here a stumble and there a stumble—to the basement, warm and' odoriferous- with, .kitchen odors, tained with gas. - 'Verily. I and only I was in the house. Suddenly the dog ceased to howl and I heard the dripping of a’watertap- rdnp., drip, drip And with the fail of the water came to me a measure of time, and . I thought again: "What does it mean,-this empty, black house? ' Why is‘this stifling: gas seething around me, and only me? Aht there is a foul evil in the night—away and out, out of the house!" With a rush I fought my way up step* by step to the hall above, and groped toward the dim* light shining pallidly through a narrow glass window above the door. "Will it be locked?” I thought fearfully to myself. “Is there not some thing following on my track?’ I turned the handle and pulled it fiercely toward me. The floor yielded and I rushed into the open, "Anything wrong, sir?" and with the* words came a broad flash of light which, settling momentarily on my face, dropped as quickly to my bare feet ana back again. "Anything wrong, sir?” and the voice drew closer, the light flashing past: me into the dark hall behind. Then the outline of a helmet and cloak loomed darkly upon me. and I found my voice in the presence of a constable of the law. “Yes, the house is full of gas, and— they’ve gone. I might have been suf focated; perhaps they wanted to suffo cate me. I don’t know—I ’ “Who’ve gone? What’s their name?'* the constable interrupted abruptly. "The landlady. — the landlord — the daughter. I don’t know their names, but look here, constable," and I proceeded to give my late “experience" to him in a woof of words. The man evidently did not know what | interpretation to place upon either me or my story (and small ownder, I hardly knew myself), but, extinguishing his lan tern, proposed tiiat we. research the house together. This we did carefully and cautiously. At the initial stage p£ our expl°ratlon we, or rather ho, discov ered that the hall gas burner was turn ed on full, and the gas issuing from it at high pressure. "Alight have been blown out by the draught," suggested the con stable as he turned into a sitting room, which I had already searched, and threw open its windows to sweeten the atmos phere. "Yes. it might,” I assented, “es pecially if they left by the liall door, which, by the way, was unbolted when I came downstairs.” But, to make a long story a short one— there was nobody in the house. Not a living thing, with the exception of a dog chained up in the back yard, which was surrounded, so far as we could see, by high walls. This was the poor brute whose mournful howling had first aroused me, and that now seemed frantic with joy at the delusive prospects of a social termina tion to his gloomy reflections. With the discovery of the dog and the yard, our search ended,and the constable intimated to me that heshould summon additional assistance. A shrill call on his whistle— from the hall door—translated the. deci sion into action, and with the arrival of another constable upon the scene I was called, upon for a fresh explanation. The second official head threw no more light upon the case than the first, but offered! a suggestion—“Bet’s knock up the neigh bors,. p’r’aps they know summat about it.” To the right and back, and then to the left went that constable. Bat-a-tat, tat a-tat! went the knockers. Up went win dows, out came heads. “Who’s there?" "What d’ye want?” “What d’ye say— who’s my neighbor? What neighbor— what d’ye mean?” And then doors open ed, and other dpors caught the infection, and they opened; in short, there was a pretty “to do,” and a half-dressed crowd sioon shivered around the steps of No. 113\. I was quite harried with their ques tions. I had no sooner arrived at the end of one series than I was plunged into an other. I had no sooner satiated one indi vidual’s desire for knowledge than I waa called upon to feed some one else. Whether my brain and my temper would have stood the strain very long I can’t say,, but I may add that this is a diffi cult question to propound, even to my self. Happily I was extricated from the unpleasant situation by being .led off to the nearest police station to be detained there pending further -inquiries, as the re sult of those just made showed the • ex ; istenee of a local caste feeling ■ which 1 took no-note of the existence of the occu pants, of NO. 113, and it appeared,.'well to the “Force” under these circumstances ' to hold me fast for the present. At the station I-told the inspector on duty all about myself quite like a little \- boy. , But he did not appear satisfied, ’ and muttered some word to himself that sounded to me like “suspicious,” and which resulted in my seclusion. It wasr but temporary, as the result of the fur ther inquiries proved satisfactory to me, that is to say. This was what they proved: That my landlady, my landlord, and their daughter had left the house No. 113, and had left it in the night. That they had left it in the night, be cause they were in debt for their furni ture (which was hired) and for their rent, and because, presumably and by the evidence of certain tradesmen, they pos sessed no money to settle those vulgar claims. To them my half-a-crown, paid in ad vance, had been a half-crown, at least so (again) it was presumed, for their whereabouts was never traced. — “The Speaker.” Diplomacy.—“Just one little kiss," he pleaded. “But only a little one,” she said, relenting. “Of course;” he replied. “How could I look for a big orte from so small a mouth?" . And after that he got? as many as he wanted. !' X 