MY GOOD FAIRY: . LONDON EPISODE. \- ''OSY ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author of "God and the Man," "The Shadow of the Sword," "Stormy Waters," "Father Anthony," " The "Wedding Ring," etc , etc. [COPYRIGHT.] ra \- he PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AMUNGKHENT. in '7 h Far back in the early Sixties, that is to say, about five and thirty years ago, I was living in the top room or garret of a lodging-house in Stamford- street a dismal thoroughfare which runs at a right angle between the Blackfriars and the "Waterloo loads. I had come to London with the conventional half-crown in my pocket, to seek my fortune in a literary way, and I was going through the usual preliminaries of dishallucination, disappointment, and semi-starvation. My room, which I had already occupied about a year, was what is technically known as a bed-sitting-room, drearily furnished in the hideous style of the period, with a few rickety chairs, an old arm chair stuffed with horse hair, a four post bedstead with grimy chintz curtains, window curtains to match, and a piece of unclean and dilapidated career. There was a tiny fireplace, communicating with the chimney which smoked confoundedly whenever the fire was lighted. For the use of this room I paid the princely sum of six shillings a weak. Poor as the place was, and exposed in times of storm to draughts from all the life of Heaven, I was happy enough, there, find at night-time especially, when the curtains were drawn the lamp Burning, my pipe hat, and my books and writing materials spread before me, I asked for no anugger quarters. At twenty years of age one can be contented anywhere, and is almost independent of physical conditions. But the worst of the life I led was not its extreme poverty, amounting not infre- quently to absolute privation, but its loneliness. I had not a single relation or friend in London, and almost the only persons with whom I exchanged communication from time to time were the newspaper editors for whom I occasionally did a little work. How often in these solitary days difl I wander up and down the crowded Strand, or loiter on Waterloo Bridge, or wander- away into St. James's Park, yearning all the time for a kindly greeting, for the touch of a friendly hand. I was shabby and seed as well as hard up, and the only acquaintances I might have made were the idle loafers whose vulgarity and ignorance repelled me and whose room was better than their company. Now and then, indeed, on the lonely bridges, I dropped into talk with the weary women who haunted the gaslight, and felt pitifully drawn to them for the sake of their sad humanity. I was poor as they were, and knowing that, they often gave me a sisterly word. All this time I was writing, writing, writing; planning masterpieces which were destined never to reach completion, dream- ing of wealth, and fame, and scribbling numberless things to boil the pot. Work, however, was difficult to get, and when it was got, the pay was miserable. A positive snowstorm of manuscript floated from my garret to the offices of newspapers and magazines, only to return again with the melancholy formula, "Declined with thanks." Still, by dint of constant attempts and endless perseverance, I managed to scrape together a pittance on which saved. The one supreme object of my ambition was to be a dramatic author, to write pieces for the stage. When a small boy, living in a country town, I had been a constant theatre-goer, and I had once perpetrated the words of a pantomine for a country manager. From that first effort I had passed on to tragedies and comedies in five acts, domestic dramas, and even forces and operettas, and every month or two added another to my list of an acted productions. Copies of these great efforts had been duly sent to London managers, sometimes to be returned ignominiously like my other literary efforts, more often to be lost altogether in the dark abysses of the managerial room, but in every case never to be opened or read. Meanwhile I still haunted the theatres > whenever I could scrape up enough money for a seat in the pit or gallery. I saw all the great actors, and most of the smaller ones, and I seldom or ever missed a new piece. Let me at once confess it, I was still, in spite of all my disenchantment, a believer in Fairyland, and London to me was fairy ground. The spirit of Dickens still dwelt there, and again and again, by lying in wait near Maiden Lane, I had seen the Great Enchanter himself pass by, carrying a handbag and journeying to his office in Wellington-street. He had taught me to believe in humble happiness, human worth, and the fairy element in real life. that the very streets were enchanted and the very houses seemed inhabited by kindly gnomes and elves. For, remember, it was early in the sixties, and the mocking modern spirit was not yet born. Even the portly gentleman in the spectacles whom I could see any day trotting to the Garrick Club, and who was then described as the " cynical Mr. Thackeray," had not abandoned Fairyland altogether, and had indeed written romances for grown-up men and children. Nowadays, as you know, he is, classed as a mere old-fashioned senti- mentalist almost as impossible as his greater literary brother. As I have said, I believed in Fairyland, and the purpose of this story is to explain how fully my belief was justified. I have said that I had no friends ; cer fairly I had none outside my lodgings, and as I seldom or never set eyes on my landlady, and as my simple wants were attended to by a sort of red-haired female hurricane (who went and came with a succession of sports, and was altogether too hard-worked to be capable of any conversation I could scarcely be said to have companionship at home. Of the other dwellers in this place I knew little or nothing, though I fear some of them were of rather doubtful reputation. The only other room on the same floor as mine was occupied by a printer's compositor, who was out all night and sound asleep in bed all day a sort of Box, who left behind him when he came and went an odour suggestive of mingled printer's ink and ardent spirits. It was not till I had been residing in the house for some months that I became aware of a fellow-lodger of the opposite sex, who occupied two small rooms, a sitting and a bedroom, on the floor below mine, and who appeared to come and go mysteriously at all hours of the day and night. Now and then I heard her singing to the accompaniment of a very bad piano and the songs she sang were not at all edifying, in so far as they consisted of the music-hall ditties popular in the early sixties ; such as { A pork-pie hat and a little white feather, And knickerbockers for the dirty weather, in the Strand in the Strand in the Strand ! I wish I was with Nancy, J do ' I do ! In a second floor for evermore To live and die with Nancy The voice, moreover, struck me as a little shrill and vulgar. For this reason among others, my impression of my neighbour was not favourable. Nor was it rendered more favourable by an occasional glimpse caught of her on the stairs or in the street. She dressed rather loudly, and there was something on her cheeks that looked like rouge. Yet she could not have been more than eighteen or nineteen years old, and her face was decidedly pretty, her hair a bright auburn, and her eyes a sparkling blue. I wish I could add that her manners had the repose that suits the caste of Vere de Vere," but alas, they hadn't She was, on the contrary rather a loud young lady, much given to whistling on the stairs, banging doors, and giggling in and out of season. And yee, hide as I suspected it, she was a Good Fairy; a real substantial shining Good Fairy, of the sort that the adorable Dickens himself had dreamed of. See how difficult it is to judge by appearances ! For a long time I did not understand her, and fancied indeed that she was no better than she should be. That the reader may picture to himself the two leading performers in the little drama that was to ensue, let him be reminded once more that it was the early sixties, and that both myself and my Fairy wore the awful costume of the period. He must picture to himself then, firstly, a curly-headed youth in a cut-away coat, peg-top trousers, and boots with elastic sides, and secondly, a roguish bright-eyed girl, who wore a pork>-pie.,hat and (crowning horror of horrors) a crinoline. II. We continued from time to time to pass, each other on the stairs, at first, silently, but afterwards with a murmured "Good morning " or " Good evening." I was bashful to excess in those days ; added to which I was, as I have suggested, a little doubtful of my neighbour. Some- times when we met she would draw aside to let me pass, and stand looking at me with roguish eyes, while I coloured up to the ears and answered her careless greet- ing. Lonely as I was, those meetings soon became a pleasant break in my life's monotony, and often when I heard my neighbour ascending I would slip down stairs for the mere pleasure of passing her. Who was she? What was her name, and what her occupation ? These were the questions I began to ask myself, and to put to the tempestuous maid of all work, who could give me very little information. Gradually, however, I discovered what I wished to know. Her name was " Miss Costello," and she was engaged in some capacity or other at one of the Strand theatres. I consulted a programme of the theatre in question, but her name was not there. A few nights later, however, as I sat in the back row of the pit, listening to the inanities of a Cockney burlesque, I saw, among a group of "utility" ladies, dressed in trunks and nights, the face and form I sought-those of my sprightly fellow-lodger. Our eyes met, and I fancy she recognised me, for She tittered and said something to one of her companions. I was relieved, pleased even, to find that she was an artiste of some sort. Though her name was not even mentioned in the play-bill, the manager had given her about two lines to speak, and I am bound to add that she spoke them abominably. I was enabled now for the first time to take a good look at her; and I was surprised to see how pretty she looked in her scanty costume. She was slight and delicately formed, with dainty hands and feet, and features alive with youth and good humour. From that time forward I became a frequent visitor to the theatre, and my interest in " Miss Costello" Continued to grow. Do notrunawaywiththenotionthatlwas falling in love 1 My feeling, so far as I can remember, was one of pure friendship and human sympathy there was a sense of championship in looking at and listening to my fellow-lodger though we were still almost strangers. Late one night, however, as I was climb- ing garret ward after a lonely stroll in the moonlit streets, I came face to face with her close to her own rooms. She had evidently just come in, and was lighting a candle at a gas jet on the landing. She smiled and nodded, and I was passing on when she called me back. "I saw you in the front row of the pit last night," she said, graciously. " Yes," I replied. I had been there. She uttered, and I felt horribly bashful and uncomfortable. The door of her sitting-room was open, and glancing through it I saw a shabby little chamber, with a cloth laid for supper, which consisted of bread and cheese and a glass of London porter. She followed my glance, smiled again, and led the way into the room. Scarcely knowing what I was about, I stood on the threshold hesitating. " Come in and sit down," she said, " unless you're tired and want to go bed." I assured her that I was not at all tired and that I seldom retired to rest till the small hours in the morning. " Bad boy ! " she answered. " What makes you sit up so late " Then before I could reply, she added, " You needn't put down your pipe ; you can smoke while I eat my supper." As she spoke she threw off her hat and jacket, and waved me to a chair. I sat down speechless and gazed at her while she began, still standing, to eat the bread and cheese and sip the porter. "How long have you been living here? " she asked after a pause, and when I told her that I had been there about a year she looked at me thoughtfully and inquired, "What do you do? I mean, what are you?" "I am an author:" I replied, somewhat proudly. "A what?" " An author " I repeated. The statement appeared to astound and puzzle her, and she looked me from head to foot with evident surprise; then her face brightened, and she laughed aloud. " O Lord !" she exclaimed, biting through a crust with her white teeth, and shrug- ging her shoulders. " Perhaps you don't understand what I mean?" I said, annoyed at her want of respect for my vocation. She shrugged her shoulders again, and took a sip at the porter, then looking at me slyly over the edge of the glass she smiled and observed: > " Oh, I understand well enough. What do you write ? Articles, stories, newspaper stuff?" " Anything," I replied ; " you see, I'm only a beginner, and if s hard work before one is known. However, I am determined to get on, and if I don't it won't be my fault " Then, having found my tongue, I began to feel at ease and proceeded : " I only found out the other day that you were an actress. I thought once of going on the stage myself. Do you like acting ? " " Pretty well," was the reply. " All my people are in the profession, and I've got to like it. Father was a scene painter down in Plymouth ; he died there, and so did mother. I came to London with my sister two years ago, and we went on as extras at Drury Lane." " Where is your sister now ?" I asked. To my surprise my neighbour's face darkened; and without making any reply, she began hamming a popular tune, and walking over to the fireplace glanced at herself in a broken mirror above the mantelpiece. " So you live here all alone ?" I inquired. "That's about it," she replied. "I get thirty shillings a week, and the rooms cost me twelve. I used to have one of the girls to live with me ; but she was too fast to suit me, and we didn't get on. My name isn't Costello, that's my stage name ; my real name is Smith Fanny Smith. What's yours ? " I told her, and to my surprise she laughed merrily. "They've got another name for you at the theatre," she said. " They call you ' Curly and they think you are my sweet- heart." i Her manner was so frank, and free of arrives pensive, and her mirth at the idea so contagious, that I found myself laughing also, although I rather resented the descriptive and not too respectful nickname her friends had given me. The ice once broken, I soon found myself talking freely, and quite unrestrainedly to my new friend. I told her of my struggles (always, however, concealing the extremity of my pri- vations), hinted at my ambition, and spoke, in short, as I had not spoken for many a day to any human soul. As I proceeded her pretty face grew graver and graver; but suddenly in the midst of my talk Big Ben struck twelve, and the clocks in the surrounding streets began to chime in answer. "Twelve o'clock," she said, yawning, and holding out her hand. "Time for bye, i , a bye ' "Good night, Miss Costello," I replied shaking her hand and passing to the door. " Fanny's my name," she cried, Miss Costello's all rubbish ! Good night." So I left her, and betook myself to my quarters on the floor above. After that we meet occasionally, though not so frequently as we might have done had my new friend been less busy; for they were were preparing a new piece at her theatre, and she had rather a longer part than usual, and was much occupied with preparations and constant rehearsals. Sometimes she had company ; not always of her own sex, and I could hear the piano playing till long after midnight. Another circumstance tended to keep VLR apart, and indeed to keep me to" a great extent to my own lonely quarters. At the very time of our first meeting things had been at a desperate pass with me financially, and they were growing worse every day. The newspapers and magazines seemed to have made a dead set at last against my contributions, and though I worked harder than ever it was hopeless labour. My few books, and such little personal ornaments as I possessed, had gone to the pawnbroker, and my wardrobe was following piece by piece. The time seemed fast approaching when I should have nothing at all to wear ! Poor as I was I was very proud, and I took care that no one suspected my desperate condition. In my brief talks with Fanny I posed as rather a prosperous person, and talked very largely about my literary prospects. I don't know if she suspected the truth ; if so she never alluded to it, and moreover she was too full of her own affairs to have much time to discuss mine. Thus it happened, that as the days went on I saw less and less of my little neighbour. I knew that the new piece was successfully produced, and that she was praised for her performance in it; but I was unable to visit the theatre, being practically a prisoner in my own room. One dismal afternoon, late in December, I was sitting all alone, wondering which prospect was the drearier, my own wretched future or the wintry street beyond my window. It wanted only a week to Christmas, and the thought of the approaching holiday time only deepened my sense of personal misery. Suddenly I heard a soft knock at my door, and before I could call out " Come in," the door opened, and my neighbour appeared on the threshold. She looked fresh and rosy, and wore her hat and cloak as if she had just come in from the street. I say, is this for you ? " she said. " I found it downstairs in the lobby, and I thought I would bring it up." In her hand she held a brown paper parcel addressed to me. I recognised it in a moment, and went red as fire. It was one of my luckless manuscripts-a little two-act comedy, which had already been returned contemptuously by more than one London manager. " If s all right, thank you," I stammered, taking the packet from her and placing it on the table, " Yes, if s for me." I tried to speak cheerfully, but in point of fact the return of this manuscript was my coup de grace. All my hopes had been built on its acceptance, and I had been fondly dreaming. "Oh dear," cried Fanny, sympathetically, "I'm afraid I've brought you bad news ? " I forced a laugh. "Not at all," I said. "It's only a manu- script-something I wanted an opinion about-and-and-" She again interrupted me with a little cry. She was bending over the packet and reading the superscription. " Why, it's been to our theatre ! Is it a play ? Do you write plays ? How funny " I scarcely heard her, for it had suddenly occurred to me that there might after all be a letter inside, and I had opened the packet with trembling fingers, and found, folded in the manuscript, a half-sheet of note paper with the following lithographed memorandum: " Mr. Isaacson presents his compliments to Mr. (here my name was written in) and begs to return him the enclosed manuscript which he is unable to accept for production." With another hollow laugh I threw the paper on the table. Then I said loftily I sent it to the manager, never think- ing for a moment that it would be of any use to him. He has sent it back quite politely, that's all." "Who?" "Why, Mr. Isaacson-your manager. I don't suppose he has read it." "You may bet twenty to one on that," returned my neighbour. " He never reads anything except the sporting papers." "Oh, he's that sort of man, is he?" I said, carelessly. " Yes," she answered, nodding emphatically ; " and a beast into the bargain " Without caring to ask her how she came to that conclusion, I thought it advisable to change the subject. " And how are you getting on ?" I asked. "I hear you've made quite a hit this time " " Oh yes," she replied, " and I'm to have a really good part in the extravaganza at Christmas-a good speaking part, and double salary. Why haven't you been to see me in the new piece ? " I explained that I had been so terribly busy-had my hands so full of work, etc., but I would come all in good time, and I was very glad she had been so successful. As I spoke her clear bright eyes watched me attentively and somewhat silly. Presently she said " Only last night I heard Isaacson saying he'd give his head for a new comedy. The present one won't go long, if s too slow. I suppose yoursi8 clever 9 " I smiled, thinking in my heart that it was very clever; but I explained with dignity that I had other views for it, and that I was in communication respecting it in another quarter. Presently she stopped me, placing her little hand on my arm. " You're working too hard, she said " You look awfully seedy." " Oh, I'm all right," I responded. " Very likely I shall go out of town at Christmas for a holiday. What a your new part to be ?" She brightened and smiled. " Oh, a fairy-with a song and dance ! Old Phillips says I shall knock them this time " "Who's old Phillips?" " Oh, a friend of mine who writes in the papers. He advises Isaacson, he does. Isaacson couldn't get along without him." My eyes opened. Could she possibly be alluding to Phillips, the great dramatic author and critic, who did the theatrical reviews for the most influential newspaper of the metropolis ? I asked her the question, and she nodded. " That's him," she replied with ungrammatical emphasis. " He's a good old sort, and takes quite an interest in us girls. You ought to have sent your play to him I'd have made him read it " My amazement deepened. To think of Phillips-the great Phillips-before whom both managers and public trembled, being on terms of intimacy with a promoted extra lady! But of course I took the statement with a grain of salt; not believing for a moment that it had any foundation in fact. " Well, good-bye," said Fanny, with her usual abruptness, "I must get ready to go the theatre Don't work so hard, and mind you come and see me in the new piece as soon as possible " So saying she disappeared, leaving me divided between shame and despair. De- spair predominated, for it seemed that I had now played my last card, and unless a miracle happened, there was nothing before me but starvation. A week passed by, and my condition grew darker and darker. With only just enough to buy a little bread, I crawled on from day to day. Too proud to beg or to reveal to anyone my real condition, I would creep out at night, and walk for hours in the dismal snow-clad streets, wondering what was to become of me, looking sometimes down into the depths of the black river and wishing I had the courage to seek a last refuge there. I saw nothing of my neighbour, indeed, I carefully avoided her, feel- ing that I could not have endured her pity. At last it was the night before Christmas Eve I stood on Waterloo Bridge, having paid my last halfpenny for toll to cross. The snow was falling and it was bitterly cold. My great coat had gone long ere that, and all the previous day I had only had a mouthful of food. I think I must have grown light-headed; for the lights of London seemed dancing wildly round me, and the living shapes that passed me seemed like ghosts in a dream. Finally, as midnight struck, I let myself into the house where I lived, and crept, half-fainting, up the stairs. As I approached the landing below mine, I heard the sound of singing and piano playing, mingled with merry laughter; then a shuffle of feet as if someone was dancing, and a clapping of hands. I clutched at the barrister, and the whole landing seemed to rock beneath me ; then, suddenly, I staggered, clutching at the door, and fell forward into empty space The last thing I remember was the opening of a door, the sudden flashing of lights, and then strange forms bending over me, while a voice that I seemed to know Cried very far off it seemed, and in a sort of misty dream, "Why, it's Curly!" m. When I again recovered consciousness and it seemed that I had been tossing about for ages in a sort of troubled dream -I was lying undressed in bed. It was broad day, and looking wearily round I recognised the faded furniture of my own room, but a bright fire was burning in the grate, and the place looked quite comfortable and tidy. The air was full of faint music like the chime of church bella, and beyond the frosted widow large flakes of snow were falling. What had happened ? How had I come there I tried to think, but remembered little ox nothing. All at once my attention was attracted by a movement near the fireplace, and looking that way, I saw to my amazement a man of about sixty years of age, long- haired, long-bearded, seated in an arm chair, spectacles on nose, reading. What amazed me still more was that he held in his hand a book that looked like manuscript which he was attentively perusing. Now he frowned, again he smiled, very grimly, but suddenly he looked up, and his eyes met mine. "Hullo!" he said, nodding. "Hullo!" I repeated family, while the room seemed to swim around me. When I looked up again the strange man was standing by the bedside, and blinking down at me through his spectacles. "Better now?" he asked, placing his hand on my forehead with another grim smile. His voice was gruff and deep, but not unkindly. I tried to answer him, but again the room swam round me. The next thing I remember is that the strange man was supporting me and moistening my lips with a little weak spirits and water. Then placing me gently back on the pillow, he went away, and returned with a cup of something warm. " Drink this ! " he said, supporting me as before. "No nonsense! You've got to drink it, and when) that's done you'll have some more." It was a coup of some sort, and I drank it eagerly, for I felt very faint. All the time I was wondering what was the matter, and who my extraordinary visitor could be. "Are you a doctor ?" I asked presently. The strange man grinned and nodded. "Yes ! Doctor Christmas ! Come to make you well to feed you up with soup and chicken broth. . Capital medicine, eh ? " " Have I been ill ? " was my next question. "Rather, but you'll soon be all right now, won't you ? " " I hear bells ringing." " Of course you do. If s Christmas Day. Now lie down and have another sleep I suppose I did as he commanded. On re-awakening I became aware of him again. He had gone back to his arm-chair, and was again reading the manuscript. Wonder of wonders ! It looked like my manuscript ! This time he seemed quite angry and excited, and I heard him muttering to himself. But now there came the sound of a rustling dress, and I was, still to my wonder, my little neighbour standing in the room dressed quite quietly in a dark stuff gown, with a white collar and wristbands. I thought she never looked so pretty. "How is he now? " she was saying very softly. " Coming round all right," answered the strange man, just glancing up from the manuscript, then, after a moment, he put down the manuscript, and uttered what I must admit was an imprecation. "Hush! What the matter?" cried my friend. The reply seemed irrelevant. "Isaacson's a-ass ! Didn't you tell me the youngster had sent him this to read?" "Of course, I did. Hush, Joe, he's listening." I was listening, in increased amazement. Who was the surly stranger whom my neighbour addressed so familiarly as "Joe" ? If he was a doctor, what was he doing with my manuscript, and why did he seem so angry ? But now Fanny was bending over me, and her little soft hand was placed gently on my brow. As I looked up at her and tried to answer her kindly smile, my eyes filled with tears, and I turned my face on the pillow, sobbing like a child. A day or so later, the mystery was explained. On the night before Christmas Eve Fanny had found me lying insensible on the landing outside her room. She had company that evening-two girl friends from the theatre, with their husbands, small actors and with their assistance she had carried me to bed while a doctor was sent for. The secret of my condition was soon discovered; I was practically starv- ing, and my privations had brought on a feverish attack which needed careful watching. "Poor fellow!" said Fanny, after she had explained everything. "Why didn't you tell me you were so hard up ?" As she spoke my old shame came over me, and I turned away to avoid her eyes. "Never mind," she cried presently. "Father Christmas will look after you, and I'm going to be your Good Fairy " " Who is Father Christmas ?" I inquired. "The doctor?" She laughed. "Yes, and a stunning doctor, too, as you'll soon find out " "Why do you call him Joe ?" "Because he is Joe, you silly boy! Joe Phillips that I told you about, who writes for the papers." Phillips the critic! Phillips the Eha damanthus of the Press! It seemed too improbable, too impossible ! The great man had been there, in my room, and had actually looked after me, and warmed my soup while Fanny was away at the theatre ! Then he had vanished, and so far as I knew had not returned.. But what was he doing with my manuscript ?" I cried, presently. " Why, silly, I gave it him to read " My poor heart sank within me, for I knew the severity of the great man's judg- ments, and remembered how angry he had looked, from time to time, during the perusal. " Oh ! why did you do that ?" I moaned feebly, " I didn't want anyone to read it I-I-" Again she bent over me and smoothed the hair off my forehead. "Never mind," she whispered softly, " Joe says that Isaacson is a fool, and that you've written a masterpiece, and that it has got to be produced, and that if Isaacson doesn't do it, someone else will " Then she leant down and kissed my brow, and I felt-or was I still dreaming ? -a tear falling on my cheek. IV So you see I had been right, after all, to believe in Fairyland My Good Fairy had waved her wand, and all the world was changed to me. A week after that I was sitting up in in my room, happier than I had been for many a year, and before me, resplendent in fashionable clothes and jewellery, sat Isaacson the manager, actually discussing the terms on which he should produce my comedy ! I fancy I should have made a very bad bargain, for the manager, with Hebraic keenness, took in the situation at a glance, and had just offered to buy the piece out- right for fifty pounds (remember, reader, that the palmy days of authorship had not yet arrived), when Father Christmas inter- posed again and my Good Fairy backed him up. " Don't take it ! " said the critic; grainy. "I can get you very different terms at the Haymarket." "I should think so ! " cried Fanny. The manager scowled at the critic, but his eyes rested more tenderly, I thought, on Fanny, as he returned evasively "Of course, if the piece is as good as you say and I don't doubt it-" "You'd better not," cried Phillips. " Come, I'll tell you what we'll accept. A hundred down, and two guineas a night ; same terms in the provinces." The manager gasped, while I myself almost fainted at the speaker's audacity. "But I don't give more than that to Tom Taylor " , "Tom Taylor be hanged! I tell you this is the very piece you have been looking for, and if you don't want to have "Tellee what I'll do," cried Isaacson, "I'll give the terms on one condition that Miss Costello accepts the two years' engagement I offered her, on the terms I named." I looked again eagerly at my Fairy, who frowned and turned her face away ; then her eyes met mine, fixed appealingly on hers, and she gave a little laugh. Isaacson rose. "That's what I'll do. You can talk it over and let me know what you decide." He evidently meant what he said, and moved towards the door. Phillips looked annoyed, and I gathered at once that he had been bluffing on my account. All at once Fanny exclaimed: " All right I'm agreeable." Whereupon Isaacson withdrew in the" best of spirits, after arranging to send me a cheque and copy of agreement without delay. Well, my tale 13 almost ended. My play was produced, and from that time forward I was a more or less successful author. Fanny played in the piece, and played very well indeed, all things considered ; but by this time she had grown a big public favourite, certain to attract in any part she undertook. A few years later, she-but that, as the phrase goes, is another story. I was well to do, and doing better every day, and she, a famous actress, was driving about in her own brougham. Our friendship continued, for I never ceased to bless the kind friend who had first led me on to fortune. I am sorry to disappoint the reader who may have fancied all along that our little friendship was to end in matrimony. No ; pretty as Fanny was, and winsome and charming, she never expected me to make love to her. Once indeed, when I was almost on the verge of asking her to many me, she looked quite pained and I saw her eyes grow dim. " Don't talk nonsense," she said. " You mustn't think of me like that, but only as your Good Fairy ! " And that is one among many reasons why, when silly people talk nonsense about the wickedness of the stage, and say un- kind things of the people in Fairyland, I always get very angry; for the face of Fanny rises up before me, and I remember what my Good Fairy did for me in the early sixties. 