MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. [from our EXCHANGES.1 In the wild, remote nnd mountainous countrv of Patagonia, in South America, a small band of Welsh emigrants thirty-five years ago established a colony. After en: countering many dagers and difficulties, the colony has now arrived at a fairly prosperous stage. It comprises about 3000 persons, the great majority of whom speak the Welsh Consternation has been caused amongst some of the "miners at the Bhiyuey copper mine by the visitations of a ghost in one of the shafts. The men hear strauge noises, hells ringing, sighing, groaning, &c.; The mitiers go:ngr below liave'their candles ex tinguished by a supernatural visitor,- and some of - the men allego-lhat something brushed passed them. Six men have loft the mine owing ’ to the terror the ghost has inspired!.,.:- . .. v A story of mutiny and murder at sea comes by tlie mail steamer. Moan a. The brig Juliana Sublessee recently arrived at •Santa Cruz on her way to Brazil, and re ported that on the .vpyage the helmsman, murdered the captain, the mate and the 'captain’s wife. The ••Brazilian consul nslie.l ford assistance, and the Spanish’ cruiser Infanta Isabella was sent after the brig. Thdj boat’s crew was fired on by the brig’s iie!ir,']bpt .the mau-of-war’s men fiually suc ceeded in boarding the brig. The helmsman committed suicide, and II seamen, .who jumped', overboard,- were afterwards taken . prisoners. At Xewstead, a girl named.Znck, aged 1*1, fell into a hole containing 10 feet of water. Several younger ones were playing around, and they never realised the danger their sister was in, but laughed at hen Another girl, aged 18, however, was in time to see her sister disappear.. Sho grasped a long' pole with a hook on the end that was imar ' by, and managed to at once hook the drown ing girl’s clothes, und held, her above the .surface of the water till her father arrived. The child was uuconaoious, but recovered. . An extraordinary circumstance has hap pened. in: Auckland r N.Z. A littlq over a fortnight ago a lunatic escaped from, the Avondale Asylum and managed to elude the ' vigilance of those who set about searching .for him. A day or two ago ho surrendered himself at th<rAuckland police station'The man haying been absent 14- days from Iho asylum, bo could not bo ro-committed with out a fresh medical examination, and when thiacame to be made theescaped lunatic was pronounced sane, and ho was immediately discharged. The occurrence suggests two questions.' First, did tlie than esenpe, kaow iujr himself to be sane* and therefore w rong fully detained ; and, secondly, did bis.liberty, restore’hH roiisoh, and, if so, h6\v farfo bur system of treatment u£ luuutica successful 2 