THE NOVELIST. "THE COURSE OF TUUE LOVE." CHAPTER XVI I. 1 There is somo mystery about that last horse of Lunoro's. It is all ovor the placo now that it is another of tho Barrington horses, and that it has always been incurably vicious animal, which nobody but tho son himself could ride. I ."cannot understand tho aflair, for Lenoro brought it with her from Longlcat Towers, and I understand that she had ... got it from thorc, or somowhcro closo by. But thoro is a mystery about it. I spoke to tho coachman mysolf. - Ho said that ,tho liorso was quiet enough when it came, but that ovory day afterwards it grow more spirited, and developed tricks which ho did not liko. Ho had been intending to spenk to 1110 about tho matter if tho irregularitios wont on. But Lonoro was so set upon tho liorso that ho had not liked to interfere needlessly. This very day not long after slio had gone out, Bruce Barrington rodo into tho stable- yard in hosto, mid asked to seo tho bluck horse lately sold to Miss Lonore Gold- hawk. Coachman said that tho lady was . out upon it, whereupon ho looked anxious and asked a number of questions. Finally ho said to coachman, 1 1 think thoro has .bean somo mistake. I boliovo that a "wrong liorso has been sold to Miss Lonoro, and that slio ought novor trust herself 'upon him. Will you lot mo sco him when ho comes in; Coachman promised to do so, and tho young man rodo off, asking ' first in which direction tho ladic3 had gono. An hour lator nows of tho accident was brought in, and, after a timo, tho horso was lod bock. Coachman has \- turned him loose in tho hunter's paddock, ..pud advises that ho shall bo kopt thoro on grass, and nobody allowed near him until wo know a littlo jnoro about him.' » 'Ji— very strange,' said Miss 'Pamela. < I would havo answered with my life for Lonoro's truthfulness. But did you hear anything about tho poor young man himself 1 After all ho risked his life to Bavo Lonoro's. We must not forget that. Bid thoy know at March Meads how matters woro going with him?1' ' Mrs. Haro know that tlioy had got him homo alive, and that hor son and Doctor Deo were both attending him. Tho- girls had gone to got tho latest nows, and woro to take it to Lenoro at Gold- hawk. Thoy had not returnod when I left; I boliovo his condition is critical. I havo sont a card, and directed that inquiries .be mado in the course of the afternoon.' Miss Pamela's cheeks ilushed a little, and Miss Prisoilla clapsod her hands to gether. .'Sent cards to tho Grange, sister 1 Oh, I am glad.' Common courtesy demands as much as that from us,' answered Miss Gold- hawk quietly. 'Tho young man mot lih his accident in saving Lenoro from ono' that might havo been fatal. A bravo aetiondocs notcondono past transgressions, but it imposos upon us the duty of some kind of recognition.' Whilo tho sisters spoko together in the drawing- room, Lenoro was restlessly pao- irig' her room up-stairs, and wandoring out into tho gallory hnynml, whence slio could hear sounds from tho hall bolow. Sho knew that Miss Goldhawk had been out and returned, and guessod that she bad been to March Meads ; but she could think of nothing and speak of nothing till she had nows of Bruco ; and, wlion at last a peal at tho door announced tho arrival of the long-expected message, slio ran hastily down to a point whioh commanded a viow of tho entrance-hall, aiid, once assured that it was the Hare sisters who had arrived, hastened down and drew them hurriedly into tho little study which opened from it closo by. ! Toll mo,' sho gasped, her . face white from emotion. ' He is alive,' answered Bowena gravely, and she said no inoro looking at Freda, whoso words were soraotimes readior. .-'Thoy lmve got him home, and hois in bed, and they havo telegraphed for ono of tho great surgeons, and far a man-nurso. But Bridgot is thoro, with two of her lxist and kindest maids, and they -. say that everything that could be done has been done, and that every hour he lives is in his favour.' ' Your brother is witli him ?' ' Yes ; and ho will stay thoro. Ho has promised Doctor Dee to remain with him all night. Doctor Deo has' his other patients to seo; but Bruce will not be left alone for a moment. Nobody can toll how it will ond, Lonoro; but you may rest assured that everything possible will be done for him.' . Is he conscious V asked Lenoro, with pale lips. ' Algar thinks so, hut ho does not wish him spoken to or disturbed in any way.' ' Does ho suffer any pain T 'I am afraid so; but you know Algar's remedies will do much to check that. You mulit be bravo, Lenoro. You shall have nows very often ; but, till tho London surgeon comes, there will nut bo much to tell. Algar will not attempt any examin ation until then, nor will Doctor Dee. Ho says ho is nota surgeon ; and.of courso Algar will not take tho solo responsibility in such a critical case.' ' Docs ho ho think ho will die 1' asked Lonoro, in tho samo calm way. ' Ho does not know,' answered Itowena gently. 'Nobody can guess yet bow tilings will go. Dear Lenoro, do not look so white and despairing. There is room for much hope, and Mr. Barrington is so bravo and patient that lie is far moro likely to do woll than somo would.' With a wild gesture Lenoro suddenly throw out her hands. 'But, if ho dies, his blood will bo upon iny head. Think of it. But it hardly is best thinking of, for it would bo self-will that killod Iiiml and I lovo him more than' I love my own life.' ' Hush, Lonoro,' said Rowcna. ' Do not speak so wildly. It was an accident — a terrible accident — but an accidont is npt a crime.' ' No, no — not the accident — not tlmt; but what went before. You don't know — I didn't know ; hut I was a fool, and, in my own conceit and pride of heart, I sold myself to evil. I was full of a wild plan to try to heal tho breach botween tho Goklhawka mid tho Barringtons. I thought my outstretched hand should and would, bo strong enough. I thought I nould reform Squire Barriugtou, and lead him cajptivo at my chariot-wheols. Oh, you don't know tho folly and presumption of my thoughts. And I was untruthful to you all — in act, if not in word. I scraped acquaintance with tho Squire ; I let him fool mo into buying that mad liorso Bruce had warned mo against. Ha prayed upon my folly and credulity, and I am justly punished. But that tho ovil should havo recoiled upon Bruco — nil,: that is what I cannot bear. If lio dies, I .aliall go about with tho mark of Cain upon my brow — I shall havo killed tho man whom I lovo.' Lonoro suddenly wlieoled round in lior impetuous griof, and camo faco to face with Miss Goldhawk, who stood in tho doorway, a stately and rigid figure, lior ivory-headed cnno in lior hand, lior oyes fixed full upon tho oxcitod speaker. ' I board that tho Missos Haro were here, and had brought nows of Mr. Bruco Barrington,' sho said in a very quiat voice. 1 1 camo to ask what tho nows is.' Kowona repeated what slio liad told Lenoro, and tho sisters then took a hasty leave, fooling tlmt tho atmosplioro of Gold hawk was too much for tboin that day. ' When tho door had closed behind them, and tho front-door had been heard to fall to, Lonoro suddenly turned with blazing oyes upon Miss Goldhawk, and burst into a tempest of oxcitod speech. 1 Aunt Leonora, you hoard what I said just now 1 Well, I am glad you did ! I wanted to toll you. I don't dofond my solf. I havo behaved abominably, and I know it I I havo deceived you ; I liavo lot Prissy deceive you. I havo taken her whoro I know you would not liavo lot her go had you known, and I liavo connived at her innocent littlo bits of romance, in order that she might bo in a manner my tool. I havo sunk very low ; I havo often despised mysolf for it. But whnt was I to doT Itiiink I loved Bruco almost from tho, first; and how was I to break down tho wall botween us without stooping to somo sort of subterfuge 7 Thoy say that alt is fair in lovo and war. It is a sophistry, I know. I do not defend myself ; but I am a Goldhawk. I wanted my own way, and what was I to do 1' ,',It never occurred to you to speak to mo first of nil 1' said Miss Goldhawk in a strango voice, as though hor throat was vory dry. ' It did oncb, but Prissy said it would be of ho uso 1' cried Lenore, with tlio cruel directness of youth. 'And I know bo well whnt you would say and what you would do, aunt Lsonora I Prissy had told mo how it liad been with her lovers. Oil, I know that Pi-issy romances, but all tho while there is something under tho romancing I And there was aunt Pamela too. I don't know so much about her ; but Prissy has told me that sho once liad lovers, hut that thoy were nono of them good enough to pleaso you. And you know how it was witli tho Barringtons. You hated them— there was a regular foud. Of whut avail would it liavo been to speak at first ? You would liavo taken very good caro that Bruce and I never mot ; and, whan I had got to know him a little — oil, I could not givo him up — I conld nqt 1. It was wrong, I know. I don't dqfend myself ; but I say that you drove qre to it 1 I ma afraid of you — yes— I was; You think I am bravo, anrl so I am ; but I fancy lovo makes cowards of us all to a certain point, and then wo do not care for anything. I havo got to that point now — I do not care what any body says or thinks. I love Bruce Barrington, and, if ho lives, I will marry him, whatever the world may say; and, if he dies, I will go away to same placo where nobody will ever hear of mo again, and where I shall be ablo to think of him and weep for him, till I dio too and join him 1' And Lenore suddenly broke into wild weeping, and fled away before her aunt coutd speak a word, whilst Miss Goldhawk took ono or two uncertain steps, and tlion sat down upon tho nearest chair with a white and stricken face. There Miss Pamela' found her somo fifteen minutes lator, having grown rest less and uncomfortabio because of her lung absoiito. 1 Sister— sister — what is tho matter' she said. Miss Goldhawk hold out ono hand — it was shaking a little, and was very cold. ' Pamela, my dear,' slio asked, still speaking as if her throat was dry, ' have I been too much of a tyrant at Goldhawk? Have I kept you back in any way from what might have been a happier life 7' 'Sister, sister — what . do you mean? You distress mo. What has put such a thought into yo'ur lieadl' ' I have beon going ovor old days, my dear. This troublo of Lonoro's has brought bock many matters to my mind which for a long timo have Iain almost forgotten. Pamela, I know that I havo not been a friend of marriage ; and it was right to hold Prissy back. But you, my dear? I remember how in the old days I tried to judgo and act for the best ; but thoro are somo crises in a woman's lifo when perhaps she, and she alone, ought to judge what is host. Dear sister, did I ever carry persuasion and infiucnco too far? Havo you over thought tlmt you might lmve led a happier nnd mare useful life elsewhere than at Gold hawk r Miss Pamela hepan to understand, nnd her soft heart was touched to tho quick. Perhaps in old days there had been just a littlo sonso of sorrow and injury, but, if so, it liad so long sinco passed away tlmt it was remembered no moro. ' Oh, no, no, no !' sho cried eagerly. ' Whoro elso could I lmvo been so happy ? Where elso could I havo been so much wanted as by my own people, by you ns you grow old, rod by Priscilla— poor pretty .littlo Priss I It bos .been a peace ful j happy, sliioldcd lifo, arid I liavo been one of tho happiest women in tho world. Coino back to your warm corner, sister, and wo will havo somo tea together, and you shall toll us tho news of that poor young man. It lias beon a sad and terrible piece of husinoss ; but perhaps good will como out of evil now that the veil of deception is rent.' Miss Fatnola was as yet quite hazy about tho facts of tho case, although Miss Goldhawk was beginning to pieco them together pretty clearly in hor moro qctivo.and logical mind. Sho let herself bo led back to her favourite scat, and tho glow of the fire grow comforting to her. Priscilla had stolon away, stolon up to Lenore to lmvo tea with hor, and to try to learn from her all that had happened, on tlmt strango day. It was satisfactory perhaps to tho older sisters to bo alono together at this junoture, to talk ovor matters and givo tho wholo story its right proportions. In Miss Goldlmwk's absences Miss . Priscilla had confided to Miss Pamela the particulars of the purehaso of tho socond horso from Squire Barrington himsolf, nnd of Lonoro's cagor-liopo of reforming tho headstrong-old man" by moans - of an allinnco botweon tlio .two lipusos. It had ovon seemed Unit MlAs Priscilla had had' somo fleeting dreams of a doublo -wedding, sinco tho bland words of tho handsome old Squire had beon mentally magniGod into extraordinary significance. Miss Goldhawk listened with something of griinucss in her smilo ; but hor voico was soft and tendor as slio said — Poor Prissy. Porhnps wo should have dono bettor to lot hor talk more to us ovon of tho Barringtons. It is strango how thoy seem interwovon in our lives, and how the association always brings troublo with it.' 'But need it always bring troublo f asked Miss Pamela gently. ' Sister, I would not say a world willingly to pain you ; but you seo how matters are with Lenoro. Sho will go lior -own way ; wo cannot stop her. .Do you think it is needful for us to oppo30 hor. Is thoro any valid reason why "sho and Bruco should not marry if thoy lovo each other.' 'Tho son and. tho grandson of ' a drunkard, Pamela I' said Miss Goldhawk with sorrowful distinctness. 'Think what a terrible horitago it is.' 'But, sister, I . have boon thinking of all that, and indeed thoro is another way of looking at it. "Whon Squire Harrington was born his -father hod not token, to drink. He could havo inherited no taint ; and, though ho was a wild and headstrong young man, ho did not becomo a hard drinkar in his early life. It was not until after both his sons woro born that ho took to intemperate habits, and caused his unhappy older son to follow him. I do not sco liow wo can fairly think that Bruco was inherited any sucli curse ; and his wholo lifo lias beon ono protest against tlio ways of his father. Evory ono who knows him speaks highly of liim and of his inflexible firmness concerning sach things. Ho takes after liia inothor's family, and you know what a good woman slio was, and how dovotod lie was to hor. The doctrine of heredity can bo pushed too far, and in tlio present instance I do not see that any objection arises.' Miss Goldhawk was looking rather thoughtful. ' You are quite right, Pamela,' sho said in a different voice. ' It is strange that I had novor thought it ovor, for mysolf ; but indeed till- to-day I liad rio idea that Lonoro and Bruce Barrington woro so much as acquainted. I had got into tlio way of romamboriug tlio threo generations of hard drinkers, and looking upon tlio matter as a blood-taint — which is almost as dangerous at tho taint of some mortal disease.' So did I till I camo to think tlio affair over. But, really, tlio facts ara not so. It is not a marriage wo should chooso ' Miss Goldhawk mado a little gesture. ' I think, doar Pamola, wo will not speak of marriage yot. The idea goes against ma terribly, f And, although I am far from wishing mJjh an ending to tho business; ll ai ."guablu thai tlio poor young man will not live, and, evon if lie does, he may have received somo incurable injury. Sometimes in suali cases death is the most morciful ending. In this case I could hardly regret it. Ho has had a very troubled shadowed lifo, and, if ho lives, I can sco nothing but troublo for him in tho future.' Miss Pamela looked a little distressed. ' But thoy lovo each other ; and Lenore will nover give him up,' sho said, Miss Goldhawk slightly shook hor head. 1 Lenore may find that her will Is not powerful enough to remove all tho obstacles that may stand in her path. From what I know of tho family Bruco Barrington possesses nothing apart from his father; nnd I think that Squire Barrington would sooner see his son dead than married to a Goldhawk. It- oven seems as though ho had been cherishing tho awful thought of compassing Lcnoro's death — though I trust tlio mischief may prove to havo been tlio result of a mistako. But nt least there is tho dark suspicion, and that itself will raise a strong barrier. Tlion, if Bruco Barrington is anything liko what is said of him, ho will not bo willing to leave his father to drink himself to death, jmd go away and livo upon his wifo's monoy — perhaps endangering her prospects of succeeding to Goldhawk.' ' Oh, but, sistor, you would not — — ' And then Miss Pamela stopped short and coloured crimson. ' I havo not had timo to think of what I should do in sucli circumstances, and p certainly hopo that they will never arise,' said Miss Goldhawk very gravely. ' I still hopo that tho premature declaration mado apparently when neither bclioved ill his recovery, will fudo from liis mind if ho recovers, and never bo renewed. I sco insuperable difficulties in tho way of a marriago botween a Barrington and a Goldhawk. I trust I shall nover liavo to faco tho contingency. I hopo such a project will dio a natural death.' But Miss Pariicln heaved a littlo sigh, and said, . moro to herself than to her sister — . 'Poor young things. Tlio courso of their lovo has run anything but smooth. Yet thoy say thoro is a silver lining to every cloud ; so who knows how tho busi ness may end 1' j-j ' CHAPTER XIX. The wild autrimn gales swept over the country, stripping the trees of thoir leaves, and bringing at intervals heavy rain, that brat against tho window-panes and drenched tho outer world till tho roads wero full of water and tho low lying meadow-land was almost submerged. Tho wind howled around tho houses, in quieter moments singing mournful song, hut rising at timo to wild shrioks suggestive of human pain and anguish : and, cxcopt tho young and active, those whoso duties did not call them abroad preferred tho com fort of tho firesido to tho buffoting of tho elomonts without. At Goldhawk- a shadow, seemed to lio over tlio houso. Its mistress, for ono thing, was confined tp hor room by a sudden attack of illness. Sho seemed to havo caught a chill on tho day of her hurried visit to March Meads, and was so unwoll as to ho obliged to keep her room —whoro slio was devotedly tolled by Miss Pamela— was thus Unable to tako lior propsr placo in lior housohold, so that Goldhawk socincd changed and strange. Lonoro, who looked rather liko tho troubled ghost of hor former solf, flitted into and out of lior aunt'a room daily; but somohow a strango imper ceptible barrier . scorned to havo orison 'botweon tkom. On tho first occasion of thoir mooting after tho stormy seono in tho study, Lonoro had said with unwonted humility — 'Aunt Loonora, I am sorry I said what I did. I oughtn't to havo dono so. I did not moan it all.' And Miss Goldhawk had pressed her hand in token of forgive ness. Yot, for all tlmt, things could not bo as thoy woro before. All know that words liad been spokon and things dono which must loavo an indoliblo mark, and chango porhaps tlio future courso of many lives. Lenoro was no longer a gay light- hearted girl, but a woman wfio had lived nnd sufforod, and was suffering atill. In a sonso, sho had takon her future lifo into her own hands, and tlmt hoi present silonno and gontloncss afforded, no sign whatever of any yielding on her part. And all this timo Bruco Barrington lay botween lifo and death, and no ono was yot ablo to nay which way tlio scalo would turn. With March Mends Lonoro kopt up constant communication. Although for a ivcek or moro sho folt that nothing would iuduco hor to mount a horso again, yet her natural high courage and love of oxor- ciso triumphed over tho shock to hor nervos which had been recoived on tlio day of her escapo of tho vergo of tho clmlk-pit. Moreover, Rainbow was dear to her from countless associations ; and tlio Hare sisters would havo beon saldly disappointed had tho tho riding beon dis continued. Besides, it was during those ridos that Lonoro gleaned everything tlmt was to bo known of Bruco and his sur roundings, tlio nares woro kopt in constant touch with tho household at the Grango, and Lenore lived from day to day upon tho crumbs of comfort and hopo which she managed to extract from them. All rosorvo was now ovor botweon tho girls. Lenoro had confessed to hor friends every thing of which thoy liad previously beon ignorant. They wero fond of hor, and intonsoly interested in her romantic lovo- story. Thoy had suspected something of it bofore, and thoir sympathies wero mightily aroused in bohalf of tho lovers. But, with Bruce lying in so critical a state, it was hard to speak of the future. Lenore seldom attempted to look fonvurd. Sho would simply ask t-o bo told every work what Algar, or Doctor Deo, or Bridget Quilter had said, and then try to find in them food for hope and comfort. ' What do you think T Freda cried ono day, almostas soon as thoy met. 'Bridget Quilter has sent for Squire Barrington's sistor, and sho is going to como and stay witli her at tho Grango. I am so glad, for Algar says tlmt Bridgot is beginning to look liko a ghost, and that tho strain is altogether too much for her I You know tho old Squire is in a very bad way, and only Bridgot can do anything witli him. Ho can hardly lot. hor <ypt of his sight ; and, though lio-Vfcliavtfi very woll to hor ami hor maids, it is a rather difficult position for hor, for sho is not a relative, although the Squire treats hor liko a daughter, and seams to think sho is ono. His mind, you know, is in a terribly confused state. That was why Bridget decided at lost to write to his sister.' ' I did not know lie had a sister,' said Lenore. 'Nor I. It seems that she married young and wout away, and that lior husband so disapproved of the Barrington practises that ho kopt her quite aloof from her brother, and there was hardly any correspondence between thorn in his lifo- timo. But sho is now a widow, nnd froo to pleaso hersolf. AVhon Bridget wrote to tell her that Bruco was likely to die, and tlmt tho Squire was almost out of his mind, and sho hersolf did not know what to do for tho best, the answor camo at ones that sho would join hor, and it is an iinmonso relief to Bridget, as you may guoss.' Lenoro gavo a quick glance at her com panions. ' Is tho Squire almost oat of his mind ? I havo not hoard it put quite so clearly as that bofore.' Kowona looked gravo; while Freda said quickly — ' I think it amounts to nearly as much as tlmt. Algar say s that when Brace was brought back almost lifoless, and his father heard how tho accidont had happened ha becamo liko a demented creature. He raved and swore till it was awful to hear him. Doctor Deo had to romovo him to another part of tho house almost by forco, and shut him away out of hearing ; for Bruco seamed to understand tho drift of liis wild words, and any agitation just would havo beeii enough to kill him.' Lonoro rodo on very grave and silont. It was pretty well known by this timo, although tho matter was not openly spokon of, that Squire Barrington had played a dastardly trick upon Lonoro, having sold her a hopelessly vicious horso, with a viow to eudangoring lior safety, if not her life, and thus pay off an old grudgo against Goldliawk. In his wild and almost delirious furv at seeing his carefully-planned vongcaiico recoil, as it were, upon his own head, ho had spoken words which had laid bare tho wholo scliemo to those who were about him. Even tho cunning method by which tho horso had been temporarily subdued and tamed by drugs had been 'disclosed in iris ravings. For tlio sako of liis son, tho nctuul victim of tho diabolical plot, tho secret thus rovoalcd was kopt as far as possiblo from tho world. But enough leaked out to arouso an iinmonso amount of curiosity and wondor ; and Lonoro liad consequently kept herself closely secluded for sho felt that she had brought about all tlio mischief by lior solf-will and pro- sumptuous fully, and tlio very idea of receiving compassion or congratulation was hateful to her. Invitations to the meets woro received with something liko a shudder, nnd promptly declined. Whon Lord Conroy redo over to inquiro after her, sho refused to sco him. Lady Long- lent suggested a second visit to tho Towers. Lenoro could not bear to think of leaving Goldliawk, and even there slio shut herself up to sucli an extent that Miss Pamola mildly remonstrated. 'I can't help it, auntio— don't Worry about mo. I only wont to bo loft alono. I go out pvery day with tho Hares, ond I am often ot March Meads. But I can t go any whore olso. Peoplo look at ino, and want to talk about tho accidont, and somo say things about tlio Barringtons which mako my blood boil. I only want to ho loft alone, nnd to stay where I can hear nows of Bruce overy day. I will bo good. I will do ovorytliing elso you ask. But! : can't go away from Goldliawk. I think." tlmt if aunt Leonora wero to send mo awqy , I should dio !' Than Miss Pamola would kiss hor, and Bay that sho should pleaso herself, but that it grioved them nil to sco her looking so palo nnd unliko herself. ....... Tears wero wonderfully ready to spring into Lonoro's oyes now, though onco sho hod been almost a stranger to thom. . _ ' How can I help it, auntio, whon ho is so ill, nnd has to suffer so much, and tlio fault has all boon mino? If I could only bear tho pnin for him I would not mind ; hut I can do nothing — nothing! And yet I was tlio cause of it all. Sometimes I fool as if I could not hear it any longer, and I do not think they toll mo every thing. They try to spare 1110 tlio worst, and thou I picture torriblo things, till I almost go mod.' Miss Pamola saw that Lonoro was passing through doop waters. Slio was sorry for hor pnin, yot she recognised that' tho girl's nature was purifying nnd widen ing in the furnaca of affliction, and in a hundred littlo wnys slio felt tho difference. Porhaps it was tlio recognition of this which led lior to say to Miss Goldhawk ono day, whon sho had sufficiently recovered to como downstairs nnd sit in hor favourite chair by the iiro in the small drawing-room, with Dodo curled up on lier lap in great contentment — ' Sister, do you know that, Mrs. Mnc- allistor, from Edinburgh, has como down to tho Grango to hor brother, who appears to bo in a very clangorous state of honlth ? Don't you think tlmt it might be as well for mo to call upon her V Miss Goldhawk was silent for a long time, so long tlmt Miss Pamola was uncertain whother she was to recoivo nn answer nt nil; but presently her sistor Baid — ' Yes — I think you hail better call, my dear. Tlio Mncalliators are a very good family, and will feel strango in the neigh bourhood, I dare say.1 Miss Pamela rose anfl kissed her sister, but made 110 other response. Th'on sho ordorod the carriage and drove away not saying a word to Lenore as to .where she was going, but morely asking her to go and ait with tlio invalid during her absence. All through those weoks Lenoro had beon a littlo shy and subdued in the pre sence of Miss Goldliawk. Sho had entered the room with somo diffidence, nnd then camo forward and knelt down upon tho rug bofore the fire. ' Dodo has quite deserted mo for you, aunt Leonora,' sho said ; ' he has spont most of his timo in your room during tho post weoks. I hopo he lias not beon tiro- somo to you. I did try to keep him nwny ; but ho is a determined little beggar. Ho will always do what lio wishes, and whenever I missed hiin I was told tlmt ho was lying on the mistress's-bed !' ' I think he used to be thoro from time to time,' answered Miss Goldhawk. ' You, see tlio bed is large, aud I was riot, aware of liis presence. I think ho misses the sunshine just now, aud likes to keep him self warm whoro ho can. He did troublo mo. He is very quiet when he is com- fortoblo.' Lonoro smiled to herself, keeping hor oyss fixed upon the blazing logs. Miss Goldhawk looked at her keenly. For a long time she had not hod such a good opportunity of studying hor face. To u great oxtont tho bright colour hod fadod from the girl's cheeks ; lior eyes looked larger, ana thoy had a gravo wistfulncss i» thoirj depths. The eager and almost reckless incrriinont of expression and manner hnd changed to somothing far gontlcr and softer. It almost seemed as though her dumb creatures realised this, for Black Boy smuggled up to her sido, pressed liis noso against ho hand as if in token of sympathy, and oven Foozelum, who was not noted for any caressing ways, got down from the chair in which ho had beon reposing, aud came and rubbed against her, purred, and made affectionate advances. . ' Aunt Leonora,' sho said suddenly, ' I hope I did not causo you to bo ill ?' ' . 'No, my dear. I do not in any way lay my illness nt your door. I am getting a very old woman now, and I must expect such things to happen from time to time.' ' All tho same, I beliove it was ray fault,' said Lonoro in her rather impetuous fashion. ' I feel as though I had come hero to upset ovorytliing and everybody, and nearly cause the death of ono. And yot I cannot wish that I hod nover como, although I think that r.ll of yon must heartily do so.' bliss Goldhawk laid lior hand for a moment upon Lonoro's shoulder, and replied — ' I liavo nevor wished that, my doar.' Lonoro did not turn her head. Slio remained kneeling before tho firo, with her oyes fixed upon tho flames ; but tlieso danced and shimmered now though; fi mist of tears ; and Miss Goldhawk saw tho bright drops trickling down tlio girl's clicoks without nny check, until Black Boy becamo awaro of them, and reared miasoii up to oner Ills sympathy. ' Poor child — my poor Lenoro 1' said Miss Goldliawk softly. And Lcnoro's chooks wore dry thon, and hor faco bore a happier expression. Sho was curled up beside her aunt's chair, with Dodo's heart upon her shoulder, and, Black Boy and Foozelum dividing her lap and her dress between tlicm. There was a look of harmony about tho littlo group which sent a thrill of happiness through Miss Pamela's heart, and sho camo forward with a glad smile upon lior kind old face. 'I havo just bean to call upon Mrs. Macallistor,' sho snirl. ' Sho is a very delightful person, and I think you will say tho samo whon slio returns tho visit. I left your card, and oxplaincd that you had beon ill, and would have to bo very careful during tho winter months.! Lenoro had giron a littlo start of surprise. Sho looked at Miss Pamela with eyes brimful of gratitudo nnd lovo. But it was Miss Goldhawk who put' tliq first question — ' And what nows did yon obtain of her ncphow.' ' Tho news is still rather sad. Ho is ?ot yet out of danger, and is terribly weak, owipg to lack <?f sleep an<l a con- stant wenring pain which any kind of movement brings on. But slio speaks iq tho warmest terms of him, nnd says tlmt liis paticnco and fortitudo nre wonderful, nnd that his gratitudo to tlioso about pun is quito touching. Ho seems, she sniu, almost bewildered by all tlio kindness lie is -receiving, ns though lie had always beon accustomed to something so different. Ho has quito won her heart already. I am indeed glad that alio is there ; nnd she speaks liiost warmly of Bridget Quilter, whom sho has asked to remain with lior. Indeed I think they could hardly do without her ; for Squire Barrington ill n> a very bad way himself, and only Bridgot is" ablo to manage liim successfully. They have a man-nurso in the house, who is very useful ; and Algar Huro is a great deal there. By all accounts ho scorns to ho a very clover young man, nnd I10 is . almost liko a brother to Brace. But I gathered tlint ho thinks vory badly of tlio Squire's condition. Sinco his son's accident . Mr. Barrington appears to bo consumed with remorse and grief, and, do what they will, lie drugs himself with all sorts of strango compounds, of which ho appears to havo an endless supply. His ' sister said that I10 was slowly poisoning himself, as well as doing himself serious injury by tlio too plentiful uso of spirits, which lias long been liis failing. She is doing what sho can, and Bridget helps even more in trying to break him off such hahito; but it seems as though a vory marked clinngo had coine over him. Ho is nover seen out-of-doors now. Ho has grown thin and feeble. I could not hut gather that his condition was considered almost moro critical than that of his son.' Miss Pamola had imparted lior nows with littlo pauses botween her santences, of which however neither of her listeners had availed herself to interpose comment or question. Lenore sat witk hor hands clasped together, hor breath coming and going irregularly, hor oyes fixed intently upon her aunt Pamela's face, bliss Gold hawk gavo equally close attention to hor sister's words ; but it was long before she spoke, nnd tlion sho only said — ' Is Mrs. Macnllistor'8 stay likely to ho a long one.' ' I should think it would bo. Certainly sho will not lcavo while her brother and his son -remain in such a critical stnto. Slio told mo that she had no great ties in tlio'North. She has lived there sinco lie'r husband's dimth rather through' habit than' from any ' special liking for the country.. Sho says that her houso is much too large for her, and tlmt slio would be happier in a siriiiller one. I fancy sho is a wealthy woman ; wo always hcura that she niado a good marriage. Of courso slio may havo only, a lifo interest in tho property, sinco sho has no children ; but nevertheless I should not wondor if sho mado a son of her nephew. Sho is exceedingly attached to him already, that is vory plain. 1 quito think tluvt, if anything happened to the Squire, slio would mako hor home there— for a time, at nny rato— and tako caro of Bruce.' .Over Lonoro's faco passed a strangely eager expression ; . but Miss . Goldhawk said quietly — 'Tlio old Squire was rcported. to.be drinking hlnvinjf to'death for' years' before lio died. .' Some constitutions. aro extraor dinarily tough, nnd seem ablo to stand anything. Nor can ono wish for ; a man to be carried off in so terrible a way, howevor wicked his life may appear to others. But it is a. kind and sisterly thing of Mrs. Mncallister to como and help them. I . trust it may do good in many ways.' And then the subject dropped, for Miss Priscilla entered, and tea was brought in. For tho first timo for many weeks Lonoro scemod to liare recovered some of her old brightness. Sho played with tho animals, made lior aunts smilo at their tricks, secretly encouraged Dodo to tako liberties with Miss Goldhawk, and was altogether more liko her old self— only gentlor— than she . had been for a long timo. Slio had. no weight upon lior conjjcionco now, for'all had beori confessed and forgiven. Her heart was certainly burdened still,- but tho things sho hod jtist heard liad. in a yronderful way lightened tho burden. lienors liad all tlio elasticity and. hopefulness of youth ; and tlio". very. .fact: that Miss Pamela lmd, with -Miss Goklhawka consent, paid a visit to tho Grango, showed that somo thing at loost had been done .towards breaking . down the barrier - botweon Barrington arid Goldliawk.' . /Mrs. Macallistor won golden opinions from nil. who saw her. \- 1 Algur says she is splendid 1' tlio Haro sisters announced. 'Slio is a first-rato nurse, and a fine strong'woman — a real Barrington — so that sho can really help in tlio sick-rooni, and is ready to turn lior hand to anything. They say tho houso is quito different sinco the camo. There aro now proper' servants, just as in other houses ; several of thcin aro Scotch-women from her rcsidenco in Edinburgh, and they .havo made tho wholo placo as bright and jiabitoblo as possiblo. Thoy brought lots of things witli thorn— curtains and carpots; and furniture and china — Mrs. Maeallistor's favourite possessions, in fact — nnd now she lias her own drawing-room and has settled down just as though sho meant to stay. Peoplo are beginning to. «... uw wiiu iiuuw, in,- biiu/oquire nover appears, and is quito shut up in his own rooms, and Mrs. Macallistor makes Bridget como and sco thorn as well as herself. Those two are almost liko mother and daughter,:, they havo -takon such a liking to each othor. Bridget goes overy morning. to Quellsido to look after things there ; but she returns boforo noon, and tho two friends always spend the oybn.ing together. Mrs, Macallistor will not hear of Bridgot's leaving her. Indeed tlio Squire is always inclined to bo restless nnd even violent if Bridgot is not about. Ho has grown so dependent upon hor .tlint she cannot well lcavo.' " After hearing this Lenoro took an early opportunity to visit Quellsido when slio thought Bridgot would bo there Nor was she disappointed. Bridgot was giving her orders for tho day, and sho welcomed Lonoro with a bright smilo, although wlmt sho said of her was perfectly true— sho had changed, a good deal in appear ance sinco going to tho Grango for so long a visit. ' How beautiful slio lias grown 1' was Lcnoro's first thought. And indcod there was somothing strangely attrnctivo about Bridgot now. The lines both of faco and figuvo had insensibly softened ; hor dress was im proved, and, though porfectly plain, was moro graceful in its set. Her hair was dressed differently, and shaded her faco instead of being drawn tightly back. Sho liad lost both flesh and colour, but sho laid gainod in dignity and graco. Tho slight abruptness of speech nnd munnor had almost vanished. There was ap parently little left of tho farmer's daughter save the capacity. for . managing the farm arid tho servants. Sho looked a true gentlewoman to her finger-tips, as indeed slio had always- been in ' reality ; hiit.until lately sho lmd chosen to retain the appearance of a working \vpinap,.„and now" tlint liad gradually - arid insensibly slipped from her. 'Bridget, Bridgot, I havo so longed, to seo you P crid Lenore; ' I want to tliank you for all that you have dono for him. You won't tell 1110 that I liavo uo righp'to do that? Oh, Bridget, bo' good toirie I Tell .mo, whether ho speaks of mo 7 Bo you think lio has forgotten V ' ' -1 'No, ...Miss Lenore, I.am suro he has notl' '' "Y " ..... -. ' Ho knows that wo are. really truly ongagcrl ? Ho will not go back'froiri tnat if hp gets woll?' I ' Bridgot. looked very grave' and serious. 'Ho is too weak to remember much. Arid there is so much pain that liis mind iH not often free from consecutive thought. But, Hiss Lenore, although ho has not forgotten what happened, and though lio often montiuns your name when his mind wundors, I do not think lie over regards you . in that way,,. Tq him thenynrifan ansupeiablo barrier between ; you-rroiuiy barriers in fact — and I think it is sucli. a feeling which makes hira ding so loosely .to life.' - ' "" 'v' Lenoro gasped, and soized Bridget's arm. , ., .. Barriers ? "YVlrat barfiorej when, .jve lovo each other 7' ' Ah, Miss Lonoro, ' there are other things to tliiuk of, and ho. will remember thoni if you do not. You are rich," ariillho has nothing ; there is tlio old, enmity between Barrington and Goldhawk ; and there is tho torriblo secret of his father's .guilt respecting you.' ' " ' Thnt was my fault — mine, mine !', cried Lonoro hotly. 'It would nover: liiiyo happened but for my reckless self- will ; and ho was tho victim, not I, It whtild bo cruel to let that bo any barrier I arid wo lovo each othor 1' ' ' -'--i ' Full of sympathy, Bridget looked into ; tho pleading eager face, wondering, what sho coukl say that would not'"?! ui't Leriorc.;:- ... lii'-iiiA?1? 1 Wo must wait and bo patient,' slio said. ;i ' He is hardly out :of '-.danger.<yet. There are so many injuries, and ho has grown terribly weak. Any littlo thing might becomo very serious nt once/ .'Of course all this time things lmvo gone Jon so well ns to make us hopeful ; but- it'-is vory slow work, nnd tho SquiroVvisits'do him lisrni. Sometimes he is excited, 'arid sometimes conscience-stricken, mid " then Bruco has to try to rouso himself to quiet .and: comfort him,, and that is often.agroat taxYn his strength, arid 'he has a wakeful night of pain afterwards.. But wo cannot keep them quito apart ; Bruce gets anxious about his father if ho does notlsee him often. And indeed wo aro afraid to keop . .liim away long, lest Bruce should, see. tho change that is eoming over hiin.- We can mark it almost from day to duv, it is rao terribly rapid 1' " Lenoro gazed at her with anxious eyes. . 'Do you mean tlmt you thinli ho' is going to die?' sho asked in wlmt was littlo more than a whisper. ' i t 'I think so,' answered Bridget gravely, 'even moro than the doctors do. . Perhaps ho talks to me mora freely. Often- ho thinks that Tom is alivo again, and that I am Ins wife. It is not madness— it it just feebleness. Ho is slipping away from life, I am almost certain of it, and I do not think ho will bo horo much longer.' Lenoro was silent. Sho did not like to say that tlmt would be the best thing for Bruco ; but it was wlmt was in her. heart, mid'sho went homo with a strango feeling of mingled sorrow and hope. Bridgot hod declined to convoy nny message from hoe to Bruco. Slio lmd decided that things must remain as they were till ho -lnid recovered— if lio over did rccovor. Sho promised' Lonoro to send her word if -his illness nt any tiino took a turn for' tho worse and ho was likely to dio; bub beyond thnt sho would not interfere. Sho know porfectly well that Bruce himself looked upon Lonoro ns far boyond his reach, nnd quito- unattainable. .Sho her self did not entirely share tho opinion, but sho riiw too many obstacles in , the path to seek to add to tlio difficulties of tho situation. Tho mutual declaration -of lovomt what had seemed to 'both the death hour of ono, might nover ho for- gbttim ; but' whether the lovo could ovor bo ratified at a lator date was quito boyond Bridgot's power to determine. Not long afterwards, about a fortni«hb before Christinas, Lenore, on .reaching March Moods, whither slio had started for a littlo friendly companionship, found tho girls with rather grave faces, in licdas room; and when sho asked tho cause thoy looked at lior seriously and answered — ' Haven't you heard. It is all over tho placo by this timo. Squire Barrington died in the night. Algar and Doctor Deo wore both sent for, but nothing could bo done. It was an apoplectic stroke ; and ho hail weakened himself. so by his ovil wayB that lio died within an hour. It was all over by tliroo this morn ill".' Lenoro liad turnoci a littlo pnlo. (to m| continued.) . . -. 