PORTFOLIO. Music has been called the speech of angels ; I will go further, and call it the speech of God Himself. . Yes, I say it with all reverence; but I do say it. There is music in God. Not the music of voice or sound ; a music which no ears can hear, but only the spirit of a man, when awakened by the Holy Spirit, and taught to know Gol Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. There is one everlasting melody in heaven, which Christ, the Word of God, makes for ever, when He does all things perfectly, and wisely, and righteously, and gloriously, full of grace and truth; and from that all melody comes, and is a dim pattern therof here ; and is beauti ful only because it is a dim pattern thereof. And there is an everlasting harmony in God, which is the harmony between the Father and the Son, who, though He be co-equal and co-eternal with His Father, does nothing of Himself, but only what He seeth His Father do; saying for ever, "Not my will, but Thine, be done" ; and hears His Father answer for ever, "Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee." Therefore, all melody and all harmony upon earth, whether in the song of birds, the whisper of the wind, the concourse of voices, or the sound of those cunning instruments which man has learnt to create, because he is made in the image of Christ, the Wordtof God, Who creates all things; all music upon earth, I say, is beautiful, in as far as it is a pattern and type of the everlasting music which is in heaven; which was before all worlds, and shall be after them; for by its rules all worlds were made, and will be made for ever, even the ever lasting melody of the wise and loving will of God, and the everlasting harmony of the Father toward the Son, and of the Son toward the Father, in one Holy Spirit who proceeds from them both, to give melody and harmony, order and beauty, life and light, to all which God has made. Therefore music is a sacred, a divine, a God-like thing, and was given to man by Christ to lift our hearts up to God, and make us feel something of the glory and beauty of God, and of all which God has made.-Chlarls liingleUy. 