MUSIC AND DRAMA. Pattle Browne is back in London. The Broughs go to Melbourne for cup week. Wallace Brownlow is concert singing in Melbourne. "The War of Wealth" is Bland Holt's draw at the Melbourne Boyal. The Marshall-Hall orchestra in Melbourne is giving a benefit to Elsie Stanley Hall. The Maggie Moore-Roberts have gone to New Zealand, where they are doing a tour. Florence Schmidt has secured an engage- ment in Italy. Good work and quick work. The Firm's Opera Company are to pro- duce Reginald de Koven's new opera, " Robin Hood," in Melbourne. Bertha Rossow and the Griffiths Sisters, of Sydney, are still concert-giving in Lon- don, and Australians are supporting them well. Frederick J. H. Moore, a young Aus- tralian who won bronze and silver medals and certificates for playing and sight-sing- ing at the Royal Academy of Music, where he is a sub-professor, has since won the Walter MacFarren gold medal. Dolly Castles - sister of Miss Amy - is in pinafores, but has a good contralto voice, and is to sing at the Sophie Osmond benefit In Melbourne. George Leitch, who, with the brothers Macmahon, ran various shows in Queens- land, is acting as business representative for Penley at the London Royalty. " The Belle of New York" completed its fifth century at the London Shaftesbury on the 12th July. Geo. Musgrove and others were entertained by the Eccentric Club on the occasion. A second Geisha is to be formed by Wil- liamson and Musgrove to tour Victoria, the list of artists in which will include Car- rie Moore, Wallace Brownlow, S. Bracy, and H, Shine. Amy Castles had a tempting offer from The Firm, but, owing to the Rev. Father Robinson's influence, .declined, and has made £3732 by her concerts, with more to come in Brisbane. Orlando Daly, a very promising actor, who has been playing lead with Macmahon's Lyceum Company in Queensland, has again been engaged by Williamson and Musgrove for their Queensland tour. John Hill, who was once well known in Australia as the husband of Madame Ilma di Murska, is conducting Sousa and Klein's "El Captain" at the London Lyric. He is now known as Mr. John Hiller. The initial performance of "Hamlet" by Sarah Bernhardt in 'London dragged its way close on 'to ¡midnight. When the hour o'f 12 was near at hand a Wag in the gallery whistled "We "Won't Go Home Till Morn- ing." the ghost shivered on hearing the air, and quickly disappeared into obscurity. Harry Rickards expects to spend about a fortnight in 'Frisco, and thence goes to New York, and then to England, where part of his business will be the sueing of several stars for breakage of contract. Rickards is full of projects and plans, one of which is the enlarging of the Sydney Tivoli, to be entered upon early next year. Walter Why, the well-known Maitland (N.S.W.) vocalist, who is under a touring engagement with the Lynch Family of Bell ringers, returns to Maitland, on vacation. Owing to the illness of Robert Lynch, an extended tour through New Zealand had to be abandoned, and the members of the com- pany have been temporarily relieved from their engagements. The movements of "The Belle of New York" Company are at present uncertain. George Leslie and Miss Hepner are consider- ing engagements ; Miss Belle Bucklin may return to Australia next year ; and Miss Olcott (Mrs. Oscar Girard), after a short rest with her people, expects to go back to the New York Casino. Of the movements c-f the other members of the company nothing can definitely be at present said. Madame Melba has pronounced favourably on the voice of Miss Nellie Archer, who went ito study singing in London last April, after a benefit concert in this city. She considers that Miss Archer possesses a magni- ficent voice of rare quality. By Madame Mellba's advice Miss Archer is studying under Signor Pangani, who was Madame Marchesi's accompanist for seven years. The young Tasmanian contralto hopes to ap- pear in public in London next year. Mrs. Langtry, whose husband died in October, 1897, has married Mr. Hugo Gerald De Bathe, elder son of Sir Henry Percival De Bathe, Bart., and late lieutenant in the 3rd Battalion of the Gloucestershire Regi- ment. Mrs. Langtry is 47 years old, and her husband 28. Sir Henry De Bathe, who is a general in the army, and 76 years of age, has country residences in Meath, Sus- sex, and Devonshire, his town house being 123 Victoria-street. Madame Melba intends remaining for a few weeks' holiday at her riverside resi- dence of Marlow, after the Covent Garden opera season in London is closed. She will then start on a tour of Germany, Austria, Hungary, and Russia, concluding her jour- ney at Constantinople. Besides singing in concerts, the Australian prima donna will appear as a highly-paid "guest" at the great opera house, hut taking no special company with her. During the Paris Ex- hibition next year she will appear in opera. Ada Reeve started her professional career by making her audiences cry, as miserable little Willie Carlj'le, in " East Lynne." She was only ti years old, but when she reach- ed her "sth winter she made her first ap- pearance in pantomime at Mile End. She played at Koster and Bial's in New fork, with as much success as in the London halls ; but one of her biggest hits was in " The Gay Parisienne." Some one said it would be an opportunity to show what stuff she was made of ; but, according to dear old Mrs. Keeley, " it was not stuff at all, but silk " Some provincial managers have been making a fuss over the production ot " Strong as Death," a stage version of Marcus Clarke's story " For the Term of His Natural Life." This version Is the work of Mr. Douglas Ford, the dramatist, whb claims to hold the sole permission and righ't to dramatise this book, pursuant to an 'arrangement with Macmillan and Co., the publishers. Mr. Allan Thomas, who purchased a dramatic version of the story which Mr. and Mrs. Walter Bentley pro- duced through the provinces under the title " For a Life" nearly twenty years ago, resents the playing of the recent adapta- tion, and there is talk of an action. Mr. Williamson has been telling an " Argus" interviewer that the great fault of young Australians who aspire to the etafge is that they wont- work. Those who have succeeded in his companies have been the hard workers. (He has a large dancing school for ballet and chorus aspirants, and some years ago he had a music school in connection with the Comic Opera Company for its members, but after a time there were so many excuses made for .non-attend- ance that he discontinued iit. He told the interviewer :-" I have for a long time had a scheme in my head for founding in this country a dramatic college, similar to the great dramatic colleges of America, where candidates for the stage would be properly and systematically instructed. All candi- dates would be required, before entering the college, to pass a preliminary examination, in which they would have to show physical fitness for the arduous work of the profes- sion, as well as their educational qualifi- cations and natural abilities. There would be a staff of competent teachers to instruct the students in music, dancing, elocution, and calisthenics ; while the men would be taught, in addition, boxing, fencing, and, other exercises. In America the system has been carried out very fully." 