Sir Thomas Lipton haR informed the New York correspondent of the Central News that he has offered the Standard Insurance Company, the mortgagees, £50,000 for the Muckross Estate, Killarney. If his offer was aocepted, he would make the estate over to the Irish people. The Quirindi Gazette states that it is not at _lil -™ ? I~~l,l.. J.1 ? J. J.1 ? T-nn-nn nntl.ni;n TK~l.nn U.U LUipiUUtlUlU ILUIU LUO J.WLLLULL UUbUUllU .UlBllup of the Dioceso of Armidale, Dr. Torregiani, feel ing the heavy pressure of the weight of 70_ years, , will aek for the services of a co-adjutor, upon ?whom will devolve the laborious work of the dioceso. [^Somo consternation has been caused amongst some of the miners at the Blayney copper mine by tho visitations of a ghost in one of the shafts. The men hear strange noises, bells ringing, singing, groanings, etc, Miners going below havo their candles extinguished by a super natural visitor, and somo of tho men allege that something brushed past them. Six mon have loft the inino owing to the terror tho ghost has inspired. The Victorian Public Service Board adver tised for 30 junior clerks, and received 958 applications. At tho sarao time they asked for five assistants at the library, the applicants to havo matriculated and to have a knowledge of certain foreign languages. There wore just three applicants, PREVENTION OF SEASICKNESS. The Mayor of Annandale, Mr. Allen Taylor, adda his experience of the wonderful efficacy of , the now remedy 'Seajoi,' he writes :— 'I havo . hitherto always been seasick, but this journey to Port Macquario, I was recommondod to tako 'Seajoi,' and was onabled to enjoy the trip without any of tho previous discomfort.' Note — 'Seajoi' contains no bromides aud is perfectly harmless. 'Seajoi' is sold by storekeepers and ohemi9ts at 2s 6d and 4s 6d, and by 'Soajoi' Limited, 257 Goorgo street, Sydnoy. Postago 5d and 8d extra. It Cured Her Cough. I waa seriously alllioted with a cough for several OflnVfl nnrl lnnf*. frill h.'lrl ft mnvn nnirnrn nrinnli tlmr. over before. I havo used many remedies without recoiving much rullof, and being recommended to try a bottle of Chmnberlaia'B Cough Remedy, by a friond, who, knowing mo to bo a poor widow, gave it to mo, I tried it, and with tho most gratifying reaulta. The first bottlo rollqved mo very much and tho second bottle has absolutely cured mo. I havo not had sb good health for twenty years, I give tins certificate without solicitation, aimpl; In appreciation of the gratitude folt for tho auro affec ted. — Respectfully, Mrs. Al&ity; A. Bkabd, Clare more, Ark. For nnlo by J, 13, Holmes, chemist, JMnulenn, 