IN |rOTU8HEI>'BT STEOUI. ABBASIiJSMBSI. v BY RICHARD MARSH, Author ' of "Tlio Beetle : A Mystery," "The Crime and tho Criminal," "Tho Datohet Diamonds," "Mrs. Musgravo and her Husband," "The Woman with One Hand," &c.;, &o.; ' . 1 Lcorauanx. . . ' ' CHAPTER XXIX,— Continued.). . fE PAUSED for a mo ment. . Some of thoso " who were listening ap parently took advantage of tho opportunity to diaw hroath.' " Shnpoott was seated at a writing-table. As I entered ho rose to greet mo. When he Baw that it was' I, moving' quiekly post me ho looked the door." " It was he. ' thon, who loo&cd; the door on the inside?" _ . "It was. Ho stud as ho did so, 'Sinco you havo'favonred me with this visit, wo will secure ourselves from interruption.' i think that if i had known what he intended to do i shonld hayo prevented him ; hat his rapidity of movement took me aback." ' Blaiso PhlhurBton paused again, as if to arrange his thoughts. " i find, ft .difficult to narrate clearly what took place 'between us ; to place events in their exact sequence. i have endeavoured often to do so, to", myself, but never to my satisfaction. ' i can only toll yon tho tale as i : remember it,' ' i saw at once that he was in ,a malioious mood— fall of the old hatred for mo, whioh feeling i returned in kind. . "But i wiw , in' extremity — cold, wet, hungry, footgore. penniless, in rags ; and tho memory of the plight of the ono i bad loft at homo was .tearing at my heartstrings, and made of me a coward. Ho was a prosperous gentleman, with., the ball at his feet, at bis ease, well' fed— ho told me had been dining liko a prince and drinking liko a lnng. His tonguo was like a rapior; mino never had been a match for his, then it was less so than. ever. He ran me through and through; pricked mq where ho pleased; sought out my raws and galled them ; while so ahjcot was my condition, that i was in capable of even attempting to return the blows he rained oh me. The apathy with whioh i took my punishmeut did not provide him with suffioicnt entertainment. He nuido an effort to rouse mo to resontmont ; so bo began to make sport .of a great wrong whioh lie hod done me in the days of .my youth, and his, and for whioh, at tho time, i could have killed him — and would hare, if i had hod the chance. The villain 1" For the first time the speaker showed a trace of passion. The epithet, though he stilt spoke quietly, was uttered with a sincerity which seemed to make it strike his hearers in the face. . " He threw his wickedness at mo, by way of a gibe, Jilco the scoundrel that ho was ; for he was a scoundrel. i say it though lie is dead ; If i meet him in the shades 'i will say it to his ghost. i felt something in- tho pocket of my coat. It was tbo revolver which i had taken from the mantelshelf. i took it out and showed it to him, and asked liim how he dared to speck to mo like that when, if i ohose, at any moment i could shoot hiin like a dog. He laughed, exclaiming that he was quite easy in his mind,, since that sort of thing was not in' my way, or i shonld have done it long ago; which, in a sense, was true enough. " i found that, after all, i could not ask for the chnrity, the desperate hope of which had brought rao'to him. i felt that if i did ask, it would be refused. Bnt i conld not ask. And sirioc ' tbe jeering hideous allusion to the evil which i and others hud suffered .at his , hands ::fiad. served to stir oven my soddon pulses, i tnrned to leave the room. " But he wonld not have it. From his point, perhaps,' the sport had only jnat com menced. He saw plenty moro of it to follow. His appetite was whetted, he would not have it baulked. As i tnrned he aprang forward, caught me by the shoalder, swung me round. That picture is evor betoro me. i see bim moving towards mo. gripping my right shoulder, swinging zne round. The rest is dark. That is all that'i remember." " what do you mean by- saying that that is all you remember ? Though, mind, you aro under no obligation to utter another word. -What yon do say will be said volun tarily, after being duly warned that, for you, the consequences may bo most serious. i want you to . understand that quite dis tinctly.""' ' " i do understand. - i do not speak with out consideration." " Very good. So long as you properly appreciate your responsibility for yonr own words. Now, have you anything further which you wish' to say ? " " i have. At this point in my mental consciousness,- there seems to have been supervened an interregnum — a hiatus, whioh i have ondeavonred again and again to fill. The next thing which i remember is that i awoke ont of what appeared to ho u stato of torpor, to find myself lying on the floor of what seemed to bo a strange room. . It was only after i had- laboriously gained my foot that i realised that the'roum was Shapcott's. My brain was in confusion. i was giddy — objects wore whirling round before ray eyes; my limbs wore trembling — i had to lean against the table to keep myself upright : i clearly recall how the sharp corner of the table pene trated tbe palm of my hand. Many moments .must have, elapsed before i was able to oven remotely appreciate tho true inwardness ' of my position. As my vision, mental and physical, grew olearor, i perceived that, immediately in front of mo, somothiug was lying on the floor. i had been dimly wondering what had becomo of Shapcott ; here he was upon the floor. i wondered wliut ho was doing there. ' Shap cott 1' i said. ( 'Shapcott!' Ho did not answer. 'Shapcott!' i repeated : 'Why don't yon speak to mo p What is the matter ?' " Again no reply. His continued silence began to impress even' my blurred compre hension as ominous. Endeavouring to collect my thoughts,: i regarded him with moro at tention, and was struck by the rigidity of his attitndo, bis coinplete quiescence, despite the uuoomforteble posture in whioh ho lay and the fashion in whioh his limbs wero twisted, i bent over him. i touobed him. Ho was dead. »4 " When i realised that this was so, i asked myself, in my surprise and rav bowildormont, how the thing had come about. The only- explanation whioh either thon or sinoo i have been able to supply, i offer yon. All my life i havo been subject to an affeation of tho heart, which has caused mo on very many oc casions, gonorully at momonts of unn.nu! ex citement, suddenly without theslightcst warn ing, to becomo completely unconscious. i have"contdnnod;'sometimcs for hoars together, to be like one dead. i can only conjecture that, when Shapcott gripped mo- by the shoulder, i was seised by one of these attacks ; that i fell ; that in falling, tho rovolver which i was holding in my hand was fired, and that tho diachargo killed him on tho spot. Whether tho responsibility for this was his or mine i havo been unable to finally decide ; it seems to mo that it must havo been purely occidental. "i think it possible that your loidsbip may consider that, tbo foots being as i have narrated them, i ought to huve gone straight way and proclaimed them to tho first person i might meet. That also may he tho opinion of the gentlemen of tho jury. i did not do so. In tho first plucc, although consciously, i had had no band in killing Howard Shapcott, i did not regret that he was dead. Nor have i regretted it 6inoo,. In the scoond place, i had cut myself adrift from my family; i hod been parted from them for years ; i had sunk lower and lower in the eooial sculo. i did not propose, if i could- holp it, to allow . tho fact of my continued existence to bo -brought to their notioo. - In tho third plaoo, tho story which _ i had to tell . was a strange ono — as you will have perceived. It quite probably would not have been oroditad. i did not choose to snbjockseyself to the £93 sonat inconvenience to which, in any case, its tolling wonld have subjeoted me. And, in tho last place, there was someone lying at home; who, quite probably, wonld die, if i did not hasten back with succour. "Some coins wore lying on thefloor. Uioy had probably fallen from' Shapcott's pocket. i do not know what was tho exaot amount, hut, whatever it was, i anatohed them up. a ring and bracelet also lay close by him. i took them too. Oponing ono of the Fronoh windows, i saw that there was a balcony, without. Stepping on to it, i polled the window to behind mo. Moving along tho baloony i found that at tho window of tho next room the blind was up. Just inside, a roan with a black hoard wiis standing, his face against the panel i felt that he must havo seen mo as i passed. i was seized with a panic of fear. i rushed frantically on. At tho end of tho bnloony was a wasterWator pipe, fastened to the wail. " By its aid i descended to tho gronnd. i am no athlete. i have surveyed tho sceno since, and it' has been strongly borne in npon mo the most mysterious part o£ the night's proceedings ir how by the employment- of such means i conld havo safoly reached tho ground. , "Nothing whioh i have said 'lias been offered in extenuation of my conduct. i have no wish to excuse myself. As clearly and briefly as i could i havo laid beforo you tho facta of tho matter as thoy aro known to mo. Up to now thoy bare boon known to mn only. i shonld ' have continued to keep my own confidence, had it not been for tho venliot of the jury on Robert Foster. It has not been part of my intention to allow him to suffer for a crime whioh was no crime, and of which he, in any caao, was wholly and completely innocent. That, my lord and gentlemen of the jury, is all i havo to lay beforo yon." Tho silence whioh followed tho speaker's words was broken by tho sound of a femiuino voice. a door was thrown open ; a woman come hastening into the court. "Gentleman! Gentleman !" shooricd. "i hoard you speaking ! i know it was yon !" Before any ono conld stop her,' she had pushed her way through tho pooplo to where Blaise Bolhurston stood. It was Follie Hills. Ho tnrue-1, us sho came, and took her in his arms, beforo theni all. " Pollie ! "We moet at Philippi !" ' Although it was unlikely that she gathered liis exaot import, it' was plain that her guess camo pretty near to it. Her tone was Tremulous. " What aro you doing here? You haven't been telling tliem anything?" " Yes, Pollie, i havo. i've told thom everything — tlio whole strango story."., "Goutlemun! Gentloman!" ' Tho U3her's voice was hoard. "Silence! Order there !" Tho judge leaned over tho bench. " What is the meaning of those extraordi nary proceedings? Tako that woman away." Pollie turned and screumed at him. "Tou tonchmo! Yon lot anyone so much as lav a hand on me ! You let 'om dare !" "Lookout!" oxolaimed a voico. "Ho's going to fall." The Hlnsion was to Blaise Polhuraton, who did fall. Poliio caught him in her arms. She looked at . him with a blend of amazement, horror, fear. " Gentleman !" she gasped. " What's wrong?" There was nothing wrong. ho ' was only dead. That affection of tho heart of which he had been telling thom had visited him for tho last time. CHAPTER XXX, The TasrAiiENTAEY Dispositions op x gentlexan op fobtune. r was found that Blaiso Polhurs- ton had left a will, which had beenmniio on thoday ho hud left Polhur3- ton — tho Saturday preceding that evorttf ul Monday. The circumstances under whioh tho doonment had como into being wore cloarly stated— in tho expectation that Robert Faster would bo found guilty, and thnt therefore ho, the testator, would bo constrained to tuko cortniu steps which might, quito possibly, resultin his own domiso. Tho steps had been taken', death had followed ; expectation had boon .realised to tho full. That ho lmd foreseen tliut the end would oomo in tho actual form it did was not certain, bnt it wus probable ; for it was shown that he had visited a physician who, perceiving that tho shears wero already nearly closed upon tho thread of his lifo, bad told him frankly that its severance wus close at hand. Five hundred pounds were left to Robert Foster, "whom I havo unintentionally in jured." A thousand wero bequeathed to Poliio Hills, " tho truest friend that ever a man bad." A sec of diamond ornaments to "my niece, Dolly Hamilton." These wero found to havo been purohased on tho day on which tho will wus dated, and wero dis covered in ail enolosuro which was ondorsed, "For my nicco, Dolly, in fulfilment of a promise." The residue of all that ho hud went to Holcu Fowler, " tho daughter of tho woman for whom I havo ostoomcd my lifo well lost." Tho provision wus safeguarded to tho best of his ability, Henry Baynes being named ns guardian, and us solo oxooutor. Tbe will contained no mention of either his mother or his sister. On tho raorniog after the receipt of the nows of her son's decease, Mrs. Polhuraton wns found dead in bed. Sho also had died from heart's failure. Mrs. Hamilton is at pre sent m solo possession of thpfumilyestutos. Her daughter, Dolly, is tlio rvifoof that "rising" young barrister,' John Armitago, whose name, it is whispered, will bo included in tho next batch of "silks." Poilio Hills is Mrs. Robert Foster. In view of tho way in which her false witness brought Robert Foster to'tho very foot of tlie gallowB, the match soems a curious one ; but human naturo is curious, seldom logical. It is certain that ho forgave lior oven for hor attempt against his life ;'it is possiblo that aha was moved by his oapuoity for forgive ness oven more than- by hiB lovo; it is suro that they joined forces, his fivo hundred to her thousand, and that now, as man and wife, thoy uro joint proprietors of tlireo or four flourishing establishments for the salo of fruit and vogotablcs. With thom romuuoo has been merged in actuality ; it is probable that already thoy ato nearly ob livious of tho foot that, for them, there over was a period of " storm uud stross." Tho -mists of romance still envelop Helen Fowler. Aftor sueh a beginning, who nan say what is likely to bo her end? Wo may at least hope that sho is destined for a happier fate than Iter mother. Sho is still young, ber beauty grows greater, sho hua wealth ; for suoh a ono what radiant good fortune may tho future not have in storo ! And Blaiso Polhnrston is at peaoo. " After life's fitful fover, ho sloops wolf," Rest assured. the end. 