NEWS AND NOTES. New Zealand pegged one when Mr. S. H. Gollan's Waiuku got home for the Gatwick Minor Plate, value £100, ruD in England on June 21. Considerable dissatisfaction occurred in Bonnievale yesterday when one of the big' English companies in that centre, failed to pay wages. It is understood that the ghost will walk on Monday. Yesterday _ a party of metropolitan gentlemen, including Bishop Gibney, Messrs. -Alex. Forrest, Frank Wilson, M.L.A.'s, and Zeb. Lane, arrived in Kal goorlie. It is their intention to go on to j Kanowna. The Coolgardie Council has com menced laying down cinder tracks in the main outside streets for the use of cyclists. As the ashes are full of broken glass the tracks are not likely to com mend themselves to owners of bikes. Since the resignation of Francis Gill from the Under- Secretary ship of the De partment of Mines there have been many inquiries as to who will be chosen to fill the vacancy. On the best of authority we know that the nosition was offered to_ >7 araen JL>urr, or iur. lviargareu goianeia, but he has declined it: Lately a summons to attend a meeting was addressed to a miner working at the Australia, and posted at the Boulder Post-office. Some 10 days afterwards the miner was told that a letter addressed to him was lying in the Kalgoorlie office. In expectation of something important, he took the train, and had to pay 2d. fine for postal shortage (Id. stamp having been used), and discovered that he was a week late for the meeting. His opinion of Forrestian administration was expressed in language too prayerful for admission to this column. Bishop Gibney was accorded a splendid j welcome at Kanowna yesterday by the mayor, councillors, warden, ana leading citizens. The affair took place at the council chambers, ind numerous speeches complimentary to his Lordship were de livered. Mayor Doyle, in proposing Bishop Gibney's health, stated that about seven years ago he applied to him for a recommendation to join the police force, but his Lordship quietly told him he was too strong a man for such an easy posi tion,. and advised him to try his luck on the fields. He (the mayor) was thankful to the bishop for sucn sapient advice. The healths of the mayor, warden, and Father O' Gorman (who accompanied Bishop Gibney to Kanowna) were also proposed, and suitably responded to. On Wednesday night the Boulder Mechanics' Institute presented a scene brilliant enough to do credit to a metro politan city, the occasion being the Asso- ciated Engine-drivers ball. The hall was tastefully decorated by Brennan's firm, and the dresses of the ladies were indes cribably elegant. Henderson's string band performed during the evening, and gave the dancers satisfactory time and sweet melody. The toast list comprised "Federated Australia," "Trades and Labor Council," " The A.G.E.D.A.," and "The Ladies." Ex-President Knuckey, a unionist of 50 years' standing, was pre sented with a souvenir of the regard in which his brothers in the association held him. Mr. Knuckey made a very happy reply, concluding with a rebuke to the Premier for introducing the "truck" system. From remarks of the President it was learned that the association was about 400 strong, 300 of whom were resi dents of the Boulder. The secretary (Mr. Quin) and the M.C. (Mr. Carr) were inde fatigable in their exertions to make the ball the undoubted success it was. 