INDIAN SNAKE DANCERlS. In'sponkilngt of tleo mlissonary worki need od for, the Indians in the West a student of the Indian. noholhat Carlisle, says the " Now York Tribuno," thus describes the slakeo dance :-" The ?loqul snake dance io hold once oveor year, and in summer only. Thease dances are held on the top of a high mean, ,whore the villagl?s aro situated, The dance I sa,..took place at Oriba, 30 miles from IKeams Canyon, Ariz, One could hardly believe that the snake daneers hold those. rattlesnakeos in their monthis unless henamy it hmstlt, ( but I can nsosert that ouch. : thing isi true. When the snake dancer flniebos his poiforimanco with a rep tile heoputl'it on the ground, and, as I was standing near, one of thoum mado straight far meo Of coorse, I ran so did those who stood near. me' 'hut one of the snake dan cors saw it and picked it up as you would a gentle cot, Those men don't care, how over, toi.plak epa snako wheo it is in a coll. Tior Dnut their sacred meal, as they call it, an tho snshos, and brush them gently with the end of. their feathers until the rattlesnnllsk atnrt to run, then catch them, ' Thospd neos in the desert. are meant solUt'ayer for rain, addreased to the gods in the under world, to whom the snakes are iolieyod to act as lnoeSeng?re, Wittll tile dineo' ends thie llales 1110e roverntly reOt0r ed to Iliorty, entrusted wilts the moIaul lirayors to tle gods,, After the dauce(W that dlily, it, rainled hard, 1nd the people wouli natutlrally believe that the 0unIk1 dance had hroalmgith the slrllnl. At Ponel, Okis,, a 111n dance was holl, and in thleir excltomant lil Poncans ut hehto in their flesh, thrmlgh whicha they htltroduerd rhenis anld fl/eate od those to un plings,' until, Iulllng at them, elllh dancer flanted or foll from extreitt iti,, While Fteatlier, a Iloted chliftain, was over earns Ily the heat, and dildrfalinl its offeets,. lin can11 from Nebranha w1th about 50 of Ills people to visit. the allneis, The M(ll shlh dan11-, tihe 0nn dan11, an1f, tle waI'r danneJ nre lrohblhted, buL agouIh find it dl~ll eult ie prevelt ihe1l" nelrllrrlnce. They ale least demlorllinlng, Au agent iuprisonod 1100 Indihns who, contrsxy to his pa?ters, psw loted in the ghost ds?. , 