CHAPTER XV. ' • A SURPRISE. The last article of clothing, had • been put away, the. last good-bye was. said, and. Rena.' was put in J*®* bed carefully, before' Amy arose to; go. The parting , was bitter, far more so than Amy had supposed it would be at first. Iier face was the last that Amy looked on in the house,, for alter she had said fare well to every one she stole up to the nursery again, as if loth to leave her charge, and took a last long look. With a heart almost bursting she went quickly down the stairs, out of the front door, and entered a street car, which finally set her down at the boarding-house. She rang the bell, and was admitted to the parlour by a prim little maid, who said the misti;ess would be down soon, turning up the gas aB she spoke. . Amy looked around her, at the homely but clean carpet, aud at the walls with their pictures. She started up with an exclama tion of surprise. "Surely this is the picture that used to hang over the mantel in Mrs. Wollertou's room ! Yes, it is the same ; I know it is!" " Do you wish to see me ?" asked a voice ; and Amy turned from the summer landscape to meet the en quiring glance of the landlady. ' Taking a step forward, the girl; raised one haud, and, irt a voice-: scarcely above a whisper, asked : "Is it possible that one whom I. have believed to be dead for two long years is alive 1" The landlady drew herself up haughtily. " I am not a ghost that I know of. Will you come to busi ness, if you please, miss Amy sprang forward, with a glad light in her eyes. " Don't you re cognise me, Aunt Louise ? Have you forgotten your little pet, Amy Jones? Ah, you know me now," she replied, as a look of.recognition passed over the old lady's face, and she opened her arms to receive her dariing. " Thank the Lord that He has let rne live to s^e this sight! Oh, Amy, how glad I am to look on your face n^ain 1 Poor child 1 how I have longed to Have you with me after I. heard that your papa had died !" And Amy did not doubt the sin cerity of her words when she felt the pressure of her arms, the. kisses on her cheeks, and saw the glad tears rolling over her face. '' Cuuit), oiu uuwii, my uotu, nuu ict me look at you. Why, bless my 1 suul! you are a young lady, and I iiad expected to see you a little girl j still. Well, old folks think that the 1 young must stand still, but they go on growing all the same. " Now, J tell me all about yourself." j Amy-gave her entire history, i omitting nothing that had happened .since her father died, and Mrs. Wol lerton laughed and cried by turns, ■as her favourite told how she had | -battled so successfully with an ad- j verse fate, ending by saying that the one motive of her life was to fit ! herself for teaching. ; "I shall never make myself known to the Merediths, noi1 do I wish them to know of me; so, auntie, I think I shall keep my' new name, Ada Gascon. I have come to live with you now, if you can - find a nook in your dear heart and home forme." " Of course I'll find one for you* and you shall go to school just as much as you want to. Don't shake your head, for I have some money, and nobody in the world to spend it oil bilk yourself. Just to think of the trumped up lie of that rascally man who tried to get you into his , power. ; Bless your heart, child, I have lived at the old place ever since, till last year, and I never sat an eye on him. Just to think .that you have been living here two • years in drudgery, and I didn't know'it." " Not drudgery, auut. My life at Mrs. Garman's was rather pleasant." "Oh, yes, I dare say, nursing a spoiled child was rather pleasant." : " I would rather do that than be dependent on any one," was the quick reply. "Just like your father. He was too proud to ask anything of his father-in-law, so his business went to the dogs. Don't you be too in- j dependent to'do as I say." ! " I don't want to be a burden to ! you," replied Amy. j " Who says you'll be a burden ? I When 1 get tired of you I'll tell j you. I'll send for your trunk to morrow." . I " But, auntie, if you are really so i well off, why do you keep boarders V' j asked the girl, with a quizzical look on her face, for she thought she j had the advantage. "-Because I wanted something to j do," was the quick reply. "You don't .doubt my word, do you ?" | " No, no ; but I thought you said j soto inake me feel at ease. I would : rather accept aid from you thaii any one." !' You are coming to your senses," said Mrs. Wollertori. " It is a kind ness you.are doing me, child, for I am. lonely, and oftimes sad because £liav§;iio young face about me to make'iSunshine and music. ...Gom.e., , with .inc, and I'll show1 you'to'yotir Eoom.'; ' She led the girl up to a large, airy bedroom, neatly furnished ; and when Amy was'told that was to be ;= hers-; she caught her friend about '• the-neck,-and kissed her again and again: " Go to sleep, my dear," said the old l&dy;, gently, " so you may have fresiV cheeks in the morning. Good-' night," and Mrs. Wollerton retired, leaving Amy to herself. A smile, half triumphant, half sarcastic played about the young girl's lips. " The road to knowledge lies open before me," Amy murmured, " and if I do not garland my brows with the ohaplefc of knowledge, it is my fault. Dear aunt, how she took me in her arms, and kissed mo so many times, and held me so tight that I could not breathe. The same kind heart, the same genial manner of old. Help from her does not gall' and chafe like it would from the others." But Mrs. Wollerton did not tell her of the many anxious visits that Oscar Meredith had made to her; how he had tried every" means in his power to find his niece. With a rare tact she saw at a glauco that Amy was deeply prejudiced, and the fact that she had thrown aside her right name, only served to contain her .opinion; so she wisely kept her own counsel, and determined to use a little strategy. ■ To describe the feeling of quiet. Content that stolQ over the lonely .orphan girl, as she laid her head on !tlie pillow that night, would be im . possible; there was something heavenly in it; no child to soothe in its broken slumbers, no bells to answer, no commands to obey ; for the first time in years she could, clo e her eyes with the knowledge that she was mistress of her own movements, go to sleep when she was tired, and awake when she willed. (To HE CONTINUED ) 