THEATBICAL REMINIS CENCES. BEN TBAPP'S MEMORIES. Told by: Himself. For This Journal. .[Alt, Bights Reserved.] Oqaf. I, I The death of -my father in 184-, | which had bean hastened by finan cial reverses, found me in my 20th year, thrown upon my own resotircefe.! I had been brought up with .' great expectations,' but these had dis appeared 'in 'the monetary crash, which had stranded a -good many men. The further my fatherV affairs were investigated the more embaltassed they appeared. . Tbe -end of the examination proved that I had. not a penny in the world. The blow was a severe one, but as I had been ' successful in amateur theatricals, I -fancied my talents might procure me bread and. butter, I bad a certain local renown as. a Boscius and it was possible that renown might have extended outside my. native village. . So innooent. 3f tbe world's ways was I that I felt I hod only .to present myself at the Old Drury or Oovent Garden, and I should follow the path of 'Kean andjKjnpble'.e glory. Unfortunately thertrwas the difficulty of getting to either of these theatres, and my obstacle was the want of money. Could I only obtain an appearance I felt certain of success.. I was alternately on the wings of hope, or tbe dull whfeela of despair. I had removed my belongings to the local inn. It was my intention- to- take post chaise to Dublin, «nd seek my fortune there, or further acrosijthe water. 1 was ferling very down hearted, and lonking moodily out of the open inn window up the street of the town. Suddenly I was attracted by a lady beckoning to me. I went to her and found, much to my joy. that she was the wife of a strolling company of players. She wanted to know if the iooal amateurs would assist them in their coming performances in the hall. That was a favorite method adopted by etrol ling players of creating an interest in the town folks' minds. Besidents would attend to see how the amateurs fared when thev would not put in an appearance to support the professionals. I had been pointed out to the lady aa the leading amateur. To say that I was flattered is a poor way of describing my feelings. I rapidly explained my position to her, and asked; with j considerable anxiety, whether' her I husband wanted a permanent per former? To my joy the replied tbat a person was wanted to fill up the corpi Aramatiqu* ; to.be generally useful ; and capable of undertaking the juvenile tragedy, and light comedy business.^ I quiokly in formed her she had lighted npon the very man. I could fill the bill, and be m 'sad as might merely for lisp '' until ordereS 'to do otherwise. She told me to call on her husband, Ur. Potts,' at two e'uiSok, and then! left me, waving her hand in farewell with tbe grace of the Tragic Muse. How anxiously I waited for that hour! I could eat no dinber. In the state of my exchequer this was a distinct gain. I sought among my books, stowed away in a carpet bag, to select some passage in the event of my being aeked to recite. As the time drew nearer I began to lose some of my confidence. After all I thonght perhaps I was not destined to supersede the histronio fame of Mr. Kean, or plaoe Mr. Macready one rung lower down the ladder. Then, there waB no account ing for tastes, possibly the manager might not like my style. At length the time arrived, and I | was at the door of the local hall. I knooked and my limbs quaked. ' Come in !' shouted a female voioe, and I opened the door to find myself in tbe presence of th« manager's wife, and the redoubtable manager himself, Mr. William Potts, 'late of Drury Lane, and other metropolitan theatres,' vide play bills. 'This is the young gentleman,' said tbe stout Mrs. Potto, wavering her jewelled fat stumpy fingers, ' as desires to join ihe company.' Mr. Potts adjusted a pair of spectacles, and gased at me from head to foot. ' You wanf to be an actor ?' he said in an aggressive tone. ' I thought I would like to be,' I answered timidly. ' Play Hamlet P'' he ejaculated. ' I would like to, 1 said. Tbis caused Mr. Potts unwonted merriment. ' Play Hamlet,' he ehrieked, ' was there ever a eucking Boscitas who did not want t0' play : Hanilet'? I'd rather, have a trained aotor to the -best amateur that ever trod on the boards 1' He laughed again, evidently be lieving he was enjoying a good joke at my expense. Suddenly he stopped, and looking very sternly said — ' Kepeat me Norval'e account of himself.' I had hardly arrived at the seeond line when he said; 'And pray what it your name on the plains 1' I contended that I had not been guilty of . the erroneous reading which his question insinuate^. 'My joung friend,'' he said, ' don't tell me ! I am one of the aotors either for tragedy, comedy, history, pastoral, pastoral comical, historical comic&I;, tragical historical, scene undividable or poem unlimited,'. Senheca is not too heavy for me, nor: Plautus too light, and I say your reading's wrong.'' That ended the matter. I was1 crushed, and turned to leave. .'Wait,' he said, 'I will make an. actor of you.' ' I will teach you your resting places in tragedy, how to fetch your breath, and -husband your long*, and I will give you !5s. per week.' ? ' Thank you,' I said. ' No matter, no matter, when the show's flat, stale, and unprofitable, you may. wait.for tho ' ghos^' bul nb matter, you'll live, you'll live.' , j,I; bopedj'injid was sboutto lesve tho . buifding when the .manager called, ' Tubbsl Tubbs!' A man appeared with a. clesn shav.t n face of «n actir. 'Tubbs,' ' said tbe manager, 'this is a new member of tbe company. He'llr give you a hand with the scenery.' Tubbs nodded, and we retired to theetagp. ' What's your name,' said Tubbs ? ' Ben Trapp,' I replied.' ?'Ben? 1'oorBen!' said Tubbs, ' I had a brother named Ben— poor Ben ! He's gone, gone, 'alas 'to that bourne' — forgive me, the memory overcomes me.'.' I was touohed with the unwonted display tf brotherly affeotion. 'Never mind!' I said, 'those things must be I' 'Alas, yes! Ben and I never met but what we bad a drink, and never parted but wbat we wet the 1 other eye.' Since he's gone I * wet both eyes.' Forgive the womanly tear, forgive — to forgive is divine. When shall I meet another Ben ?' ' I have the price of a pint of bitter if you think it might console you,'' I said. ' Ben, my boy, your words com- 1 fort me. They do, indeed 1 Let us adjourn by the back door, sinco 'tis often an actor's duty to dissemble, especially when the manager's about.' Quietly we went out, and crosE&d; to the nearest inn. Tubbs drauk, and seeing me slow to polish off my ' bitter ' motioned that I hand it to him, whioh I did, and he drsnk my share also. -' Sir,' he said,' jou have done me a service. Iiiope' to enjoy many such at your hands. I havo fallen from the ' legitimate,' but, never theless, my boy, you'll live to play Hamlet, or your name's not Ben 1' During the rest of the afternoon I Shifted scenery and Tulj,bs told me, tales of the deceased BeU. I had a' for his appearanoe or costume. He had a profusion of black, thickly matted, coarse, curly hair, escaping from a little hat, theehapeof a lamp cover, and quite as napless. Of his'j waiataoat^-if he had any — little 'can be said, save tbat it was— *' Cartain'd from Ihe sight Of this gross world.' his coat being buttoned up to his throat. His pants were- finished with gaiters, which served the double purpose of concealing his want of stockings, and at tbe same time covering the innumerable patches of bis tattered shoes. He was a real actor, and I felt tbat my star had already risen. Specially so when, oar labor over, he eaid ' Come with me to the green room. Don't mind me shaving, but while I do so let me have a turn from Hamlet. Speak the speech to the ghost— I pray you.' I confess I was somewhat nervous when I came to tbe line — ' Angels and ministers.' '' Angels and ministers,' he shrieked, 'Yaw, yaw, yaw! maw I' X was dumiounaea i xais was toe man who had drank my bitter ! He flourished his razsr. I was in doubts whether be mte&ded; to out my throat and theatrical career off at one and the same' time. ' Mr. Tubb,' I began. 'Tubb not me, air,'; he shouted in fine frencies, 'I shall wqaire s bath, aye a sea of bitter, will not wipe it out' ... He still flourished the razor, pry-, ihg ' Alas poo* Hamlet — poor murdered Dane!' ' Perhaps,' I said, 'if we ad journed ? ' 'Aye lad, 'the King drinks!— f drinks to Ben~ -Be was an actor f ' 1 ? - ? *1 ' f The company arrived at B ? — on the following 'day and arrange ments were made for the opening. I was cast for Frqneis Rochdale in Coleman's play of John Bull. The part .was quite out of _my line, I hated wearing mbdern withes as ?stage oostume. ' I- could not enact Othello in a coat and pantaloons, nor love pick Romeo - in a claw-hammer suit. 'However, there was a 6 help for it, Mr. Potts choose 'to be, the heroine ;' she alwaysUid so.\ Bo we had fat heroines of forty,' ioant of breath, with flaxen curls. I ipoked an awful whisp alongside her, and when she smiled and pouted on the stage I was like to take a fit. We had same young and pretty afitreseei* in the. company, and bad I tho 'chance 'they might have in spired me. But~Hrs.~ Potts did not do so, and I felt that stimulating passion for her was a little too ludiorous; Mrs., Potts was, how ever, very earnest, and when she flatted , my .arm round her . waist felt I was -circling s tower ol, strength, i \- Later on my fortunate star shone ' out. I was cust for Saib in the Castle Spectre, but, Hassan falling siok, I undertook to master the part at an unusually short notice. The night of performance arrived. I came out as usual, with my arms folded. Such an entrance was in keeping with the sullen and mysterious Hassan. I bed* taken great trouble is ith my dress and really' looked the part. Ab I pro ceeded I was heard with a good deal of attention. Some encouraging I murmurs, at last swelled to genuine applause. Tears of delight rushed to my eyes, and I felt all the pleasure of a new star. As I went through the town the next day I had tbe gratification of enjoying the modest distinction of being pointed but as tho previous night's actor. Henceforth my - opinions in the green room were of momeit, my oaste of parts, though not equalling my expectations, were improved, and the actresses, did not snub me so much \- Shortly after my first ' hit ' I was walking with Tubbs, and another member of the company, through a remote part of the town, when a fellow amongst a. crowd, engaged in ' pitch and toss,' bawled eut to- one, of bis companions, 'JakV, Jack, look at the three showmen !' This was too muoh— a professor of a liberal art— a living illustration of the immortal Shakespeare to be'1 called a showman ! My gorge rase at it. Mr. Tubbs strode towards the group with a most tragic air/ and with his right arm outstretched*,' with index pointing to the man who uttered the remark, ho commenced in a- menacing tone — 'Ob, that my limbs would blest like ? buitered peas,' Engendering wiod-mille on the Irich res** I'd r-ron full tilt against the imperative - ? mood And father padlocks in Tartaric b lood.' Advancing a. step nearer, and snatching my cane as he did so, Tubbs continued — ' Oft have 1 seen a hieroglyphic bat, 6prlng o'er the zenith in a alip-ahod bat, While, to suck infants'* blood with hor-r-iid strides.' Aud at this juncture Tubbs made strides towards the crew, and also a violent switch with the cane, at the same time bawling — 'The damned potato on the wbir-r-r-lwind tides.' The crowd fled before the outburst o Mr. Tubbs. The insult was not without its effect on me ; but a pint of '- bitter ' consoled Mr; Tubbs. 