'i'i i !?: NOVELIST. A. GKue I 'Soilage, ; ' CHAPTER Vlir,— (Continued.) ? All was bilencc. Tho girl drew bade, | ? and drawing a thick curtain aprosa the win- 1 (low, lighted a lamp, which sho turned low, -and bogau rapidly aud defty to dress lier \- seH. She had of course only her evening dress — with her. Sho put, it 011, and drew the. dark groy evening clonk around her should ers ; thou she took a box of matches, and moved noiselcssly^lo the door, which sho opened as noiselossly. Tho corridor with out was dimilv liktrlif.nd. .Tnsm'tn liofpnnr* . for a moment, then sho stepped out, shut the door behind her, and passing swiftly, tihd with 110 more sound than a ghost would havo made along the corridor, gain ed the stairs which led to the hall, from which opened the principal drawiug-ioom the library, and other apartments facing the sou tli terrace^ Iu a minute she bad crossed the ball, en tered the library, shut the door, and then , ? slio paused in the darkness, learning against the door. Why had sho come hero ? What was she going to do ? Treason, the foulest the most horrible - reason ! Was she mad? Was she dreaming? Was this herself, Jesuita, who stood there, her ; mother's honor in her right hand, and iu her left her own ? A trusted euest, the ? woman- whom Maurice Estcourt loved. By a vile fraud she had gained the power to do ./this hideous deed. 'No, she never meant to do it. Let that dovil inoariiat.t do what he would. What was that ? The touch of a finger, it scarce ly seemed a tap, it was so light j' Sud. soft, upon the window-pane. The dew started on the girl's livid brow. She made a swift atep forward, struch a match, lighted a tall floor lump that stood near the centro table, turuod it down, and glided towards tho window, then stopped, and stood as mootonless as a statue. The~cb-urch clock chimed out the four _ quaitera, and slowlv struck three. Again . came tlie signal, a trifle louder this time * ' My God ! ' Jesuita whispered, clasping Ler hands over her eyes, ' I cannot ! Mother — mother !' Was that the opening of tho door ? Sh? turned her bloodless face swiftly towards the entrance, home one had entered ; for a second she could not seo who. The dim light between her and the fat ther end ot the room made all there darkness, The next second there was a quick step, the light flashed up, illumined the whole apartment. She was face . to face witlfMaunce Estcourt ? ' Jesuila / ' .She did not flmeh — she stood slaring at him with glittering eyes, her hps woro as bloodless as her cheeks — she seemed like a ? — irozen thing, only tor her eyes. 'What does this mean?' the man said : ? hoarsely. She did not auswer him,. but half turned her head towards tho wiudovv. ? ? ... Ho heard that sound too; his hearing was as acute as liors. He made a sudden htep forwaid ; but Jesuita Hung out her hand to stay him, sprang to tlie window, and st ruck her clenched fist upon - the bhuttei, then turned, aud threw herself with her -buck against, the shutter, and so stood. panting. ; Estcourt's grip was like lion 011 her wrist - it hni t hor, or it would have hurt her had .she beeu capable now of physical pain. ' .Why aie you here,' ho said, ' at this bour, . . . fully dressed ; you, supposed to bo ill ? An sw.or mc, Jesuita.' i, . . . He saw that she could not j sho tried to :.y-„r speak, but the words would not come; she . looked at hi in liko a hunted animal at bay, desperate, appealing ; his voice, his whole faco soltoned ; it was his desperato pain ? which had made him stem, almost harsh. ? 'Tell mo,' he said, in an altered tone. ; I , -can't believe you a traitress ! You would not have opoued that window.' I meant to,' camo inastranglcd whisper, 'I couldn't ! I couldn't! Let rue go !' ' ' Not till I know tho whole truth.-' Who ' ? is the man out there?' ..... ' lie is gone now ' ' „ 1 G w\n Loinmoie ?' ? Yes'1 , ' Your father !' 1 ' ' He's not my father !' Oh, thank - God ! Come I1010, Jesuita ' \- ,jNo, let me go ; you see what I am, I told \- you L was worthless. Ho is a thief, I am a thief.' You madden mo, you are not. Come here, I say. You don't leave this room until ?? I know Ihe whole truth.' * 1 YVliy not ?' tlio girl said, half fiercely. Tho whole world will know to- morrow all .'? '.I care to hide — all I have sinned to hide !' ? Estcourt sat down and drew her to his ? feet ; iudeod, she ' cowered down like a stricken thing. — ' lfc was 110 sin of yours, Jesuita !' the soldier said. Racked though his heart was it was not with that terrible thought. She bent her head down till her face was quite hidden ; so tightly her hands wore clenched that they quivered with the very tension of ihe muscles. My mother,' she almost whispered. ' You know her ?' The thought. came to him in a flash ' Mrs. . Ravelle.' 'Yes; he — Lorrimore — was her — was — ?' ' I understand, Jesuita — , ' Secretly, while my father lived. Ho has letters of hors, I have seen them, they put , her in his power. She soon repented and cast him off — that was just before my father died. 1 was 11 very little child then. I was staying with friends in Italy. Lorrimore kgot me away somehow — stole me. My mother guessed ; afterwards she knew, but ? she dared not claim me. Ho told her if she' did he would tell all the world tlie truth. \ When I was older ho told me and showed I 'nie tho letters to prove hp had the powor. I-know ho gambled, and cheated. I didn't know about the othor at first, thon I found I out. I had to be silent when ho committed ! robbci ies. Ho did not ask 1110 to help liiin. ' v Sho had spoken all through in disjointed sentences; sho paused .now, drawiug her breath heavily. Estcourt put out his hand and drow her closer to him, and sho yield ed, trembling, and bowed her face down ou his knee. .' Wait a littlo while, 1 he said gently. (To bo Contiuiicd ) - _ 