The Hummer. (By J. C. Wearne.) "Never saw a 'Hummer!' Well, that boats all creation," sahl »ld Brumby, "you couldn't have been knocking about) this part of the country much, could he, mates?" We assented, and Jacky Dasvson, who had not joined our station-long, said very quietly, "Well, Brumby, old man, I daresay I have seen' something that you haven't, perhaps; but never mind, let me into the secret about this mysterious ' Hummer.' " Brumby started l-ughing, and as usual, when he did so, there was no stopping him. He doubled himself up as he sat in front of the fire, and tears rolled down his cheeks. Jacky got angry, aird asked Brumby if he was the subject of his mirth. Brumby only nodded to old Jack Cosgrove, and said, "Tell him all about it, Jack; I'm d-d if I can for laughing." We were camped on the Coumuug Ki vcr, a few miles above Its junction witn iiine cox's Hiver, on Mr. -'s station, and were all stockmen but the ecole. Our "boss" had an order for üUO fat stores for Goulburn, so we were sent out to muster and supply the order. Jack Cosgrove, the head stock- man, was a tall, slight man, a typical colonial, and of course, a most excellent horseman. Knowing the country thoroughly, and also having wonder- ful judgment after stock, never pushing his horse until exadlly the right minute; but when he did, there were very few men who could keep him in sight. üi amby, on the contrary, though also native born, was short and buTl-necked, inclined to be stout, yet he had obtained his nickname many years before'-so many, indeed, that none of us younger men knew his proper name!-by having won the reputation of catching every brumby (wild horse) he had ever started alter single-han- ded. He rode all over the saddle, his arms and legs going like the sails of a windmill, and was tilt) haiuest man. on horsellesh in the country side. Jack Cosgrove told me, confidentially, that when "Brumby" was "on the job" properly, he (.jack) uid not think there was a i-mi l'ving who could follow him. No- thing stopped him-mountains, creeks, swamps. _s, wi ousuiuies ot any sort he never hesitated at, but simply raced over or through them, and a special providence seemed to watch over him, for he never, to miy knowledge (and I had been riding in rough country with him for two years) met with an accident of any kind*. The rest of us cio not require special mention. Jacky Dawson, previously mentioned, Billy Mur- phy, an'd myself, and old Ananias the cook. The last- named was a foul-mouthed old Englishman, who had been a man-o'-warsman at one time. He called! himself George Washington, as he said that a good many times he had tried very hard) to tell a lie, but couldn't. "Goon, Jack, old man," I said; "spin us the yarn that Brumby has the stomachache over, for Daw- son 'baa'idle needle,' and I know you are not laugh- ing a: him." Aiter a little persuasion, Jack started: "Let nie see, this is 1S99. Well, it was just afore Christ utiä,xii I0V8, wasn't it, Bramby?, Yes, so Jit was. The old guv'ner sent a lot of us out to muster horses in this Very identical spot. There was me and Brumby, and1-old Scotchy, the overseer, and Christy Hánsman, andi Joe the Frenchman, though I don't know what the dickens made the Geyser send those two foreigners out with us for. They had been in the Crimean War, and had serv- ed under some relation of our boss's in the anny, and the guv'ner was always having some useless galoot mooning round the station. At all events, ; here they were, and the old man had to be in Syd- ney, so he tells Scotchy the overseer to take us out and try to yard a mob of brumbies that were run- ning near where our station joined old Smith's run. Well, on this particular occasion, me and Brumby was riding along by ourselves, when who should come up but Mr. Smith himself. "Halloa boys,' he sings out, 'what aie you aftei"this time?' 'Oh, nothin' particular,' sez Brumby. 'Have a drop of rum, lads,' sez Smith, 'lt's purtyntar Chiistmas, ana we mightn't meet afore then.' We jumped off, p.nd he handed us a bottle of tip-top stuff, and told us to keep it, as lie had a couple more for his chaps. Well, we had a long pull each, and then Smith says, 'Look here, boys, what does your boss give you a head for the clean-skins you run itt?' 'Wei ,' says I, 'that depends, Mr. Smith, if it's cattle Ave get nothing; but if it's horses, he genera ly lets Brumby and me pick out one apiece for our- selves. Now, with this lot, there's a few nice lillies the old man has got his eye on, and I dare- say if we yard the mob for him he'll give us a fiver each.' " 'Now, look here, boys,' says Smith, 'there's thirteen colts and fillies in one mob; you know the lot I mean, with the bald-faced brown colt in the lead, and you know also that they're as much mine as they are your guv'ner's. So, if you two will run them into my yard instead of your own, I'll give you £10 each.* ' V 'But,'. sez I,- 'why don't you get your own chaps to run them in, and save your twenty quid?' Smith laughs, and says, 'Well, the truth is, chaps, my hoys did try the mob, but they was donkey-licked.' " 'Well, whether it was the rum or the compli- ment I don't know, but Brumby sez to me, 'What do you say. Jack?' 'Righto,' I answers, ard Mr. Smith hands us out a tenner each. 'What's this for, Boss,' sez Brumby. 'Oh,' sez Mr. Smith, 'I mighn't be at home when you fetch them, aud the money will be handy to you «it Christmas.' ' But,' sez T, 'how do-you know we can run 'em iii .when they beat your coves?' ' .'' 'Look here, Jack,' sez he, 'if you don't run *0m in for me it will cost me another £20, for both you.and Brumby;will be dead. If only one of you gets killed I know the .other can run the brumbies in single-handed, and it isn't likely both of'you are going to meet with an accident.' ^"Brumby walks up to him ôuit soi m en like, and sez, 'Give me your hand, Mr. Smith, you're a gentleman, and you can reckon on' the horses being in your stockyard afore Christmas.' . '/'We. rode homewards, and at last Brumby sez, 'By the Hokey Smut, Jack, what about them d--^d Frenchmen?* ['VI had forgotten all about them until Brumby spoke, and thought we would have to hand the money back to old Smith, when all of a sudden Brumby gives a laugh, just like what you was harked at now, Dawson, and - he sez,- 'Oh; Jack, ketch this neddy of mine by the head, will you, or he'll Bling me afore I've half done laughing.' I knew it was no use tryin' to stop Brumby when he started, and as the colt he was on was buck- ing pretty bad, I ketches him by the bit, and Brumby sets off, and finishes his laugh on the grass. When he'd done he says, 'Give us a pipe . ot tobacco, Jack, and get off. We'll have the best bit of fun you ever saw. Did you ever see a "Hummer?" ' " 'No,' sez I. " 'Then wait a bit,' sez he, 'until we get down to the river, and I can get a bit of boar^, where : those coves was fossicking.' After we lit up, it didn't take us long to get to the fossickers' camp, and Brumby gets a piece of board, about 9in long and 4in wide, and started cutting holes in it with his knife; he bored about a dozen holes in it, and then he asked me to swap horses with him. So I gets on his colt and he undid my stockwhip, and tied the lash on to the board, then he sez, 'Look out for the colt, Jack,' and he begins swinging the board round, full length of the whip. Lord! It scared me at first; I've often heard a mob of dingoes in full sail at night just before rain, all giving tongue, and you chaps know what sort of a dismal noise they make; but. this blessed 'Hummer' made the awfullest noite I ever heard in my life. The colt was so bloomiu' well frightened that his legs sunk from under him until my feet touched the ground. I jlst had time to grip the saddle with my thighs and knees when he went skyhigh, and as soon as he landed oft" he went at about a hundred miles an hour. He took mo through a yellow thorn scrub, and left mc as full of prickles as an old hedgehog is full of spikes, and never pulled up for a couple of miles when I began to get a drag on him. Lucki- ly, he went down the river towards our camp. Well, lh<it colt Mas never any good after; if a magpre or a jackass flew over him he would fall down as if he was shot. I pulled up and laid clown on the grass, for I knew that cussed Brum- by would start laughing, and that he would be afraid to «et on the horse until he had finished, for fear he would fa.l off. After a while he comes ridin* up as sober-looking as a judge, and we rode on down the J iver until, just as we turn- ed a bond, we saw that blessed old Coolamin, the blackfellow, and all his tribe camped just below us. 'Now, that's sickering,' sez I, 'just to fancy those cussed niggers coming here when they wasn't wanted; small chance we'll have of going over to Smith's place while they are about.' " 'Suppose you try the "Hummer" on them?' sez Brumby, malting faces like a dying native bear to keep himself from laughing. " 'Ryebuck,' says I. So I took the whip and the board, and crawled down towards the camp, and got behind a big rock with a kurrajong tree growing on it; then I started twirling the whip lound gently. It didn't seem to make such a noise as when Brumby had it, but as I peeps round the rock, I sees old Coolamin and Footstep look round, and then all the rest comes up. jab boring away together. I began sending the 'Hummer' round again, and all of a sudden off goes the whole kit of the blacks, men and wo- men, straight for Burragorang. Well, to make a long story short, they never stopped till they got to the Wollondilly, and left their tucker and all their piccaninnies behind. We had to send the youngsters in to Burragorang on our pack horses the next day; . but before then we had some more fun.' "Slipper's ready," said the cook. So we all set to, and then lay out on the gráss in the moonlight to smoke and hear the rest ot old Jack's yarn about tho "Hummer." As is the custom with an old bushman, who "holds the chair" at a camp, Jack Cosgrove was in no hurry to commence his story again, without a good bit of coaxing, so I brought out a rug and gave it to him, and then cut up a fig of tobacco nice and fine, and put a box of matches with it on some paper at his side, saying "Pipe full, Jack? When you're ready, we'll be glad to hear how you and Brumby Axed up the Frenchmen." Just at that moment my dog, a very large rough haired crossbred, came up and put his snout on my hand. At sight of the dog Brumby began to chuckle, and, not being able to restrain himself, rolled on the grass and kicked his feet in the air. To our surprise, old Jack's face was twitching . also, and at last he said: "By George! Brumby, you'd think it was the same dog, wouldn't you?" Brumby was past answering, however, and Cos- grove asked me where I got the dog from. I answered that I had got him from old Byrnes, and that he had the breed for years. "Ah!" said Jack, "that's where the resemblance comes in, then; hut, never mind, I'll gd on with my yarn, only there's a dog in it, and he was given to old Byrnes twenty years ago-it must be-the same breed." "Well, chaps," he continued, as he filled up his pipe and lit it, "Brumby and me decided to strike the iron while it was hot, and try to scare the Frenchmen out of the hut that night, so I rode the colt back to camp, and told old Scotchy that Brumby was going to spend the .evening over at Smith's station. "'I say, Jack,' says Scotchy, 'did you see the darkeys anywhere as you came along?' I told him a lie, and said we hadn't seen any'of them. 'Then, begum,' says he, 'they went by here about an hour ago, as hard as their legs could take them.' I asked old Nanny whát was the matter, but she only kept singing out, "Debbil debbil!" . They had no piccaninnies with them, and"were mighty scared about something.' . "This was just the opening I wanted," continu- ed old Jack, "so I gammoned to be pretty well frightened, and said, 'By the piper! if the "debbil debbil" is about, I'm off. I wouldn't take a hun- dred pounds and meet, him.' *. 'Hoot man,* says Scotchy, 'do you mean to say you believe in such rot; why, man alive, I thought you had more sense.' " 'Oh, that's all Very fine,' sez I, 'if you k~ew what he was like you'd not be very game either. Why, he's about 10ft high, and can pull saplings up by the roots as easy as I could pull up grass.' "Old Scotchy pot In a terrible scot, and began abusing me right up to the hilt, but I never let on, only said .quietly that I had a creepy feeling on me then, and would go inside the hut. I just had time to take the bullets out of Joe's gun when old Scotchy comes in, muttering some- thing about 'bloomin' curs,' and then in comes my noble soldiers. I set by the fire smoking for a bit, and Joe asked mè what sort of a noise did the debbil debbil make. 'Oh,' says I, 'just like about twenty old bulls roaring in a mob. ' ' I say, Joe,' sez I, 'what would you do if it came up here now?' " 'Well,' sez he, 'if I had my entire horse and gun, and put two bullets in him,' sez Joe. " 'And what would you do. Christy?' sez I. ' 'Well,' sez he, 'if I had my entire horse and my sword, I'd ride up to him, and cut him down to the chin.' "So I began to 'poke it at 'em' then, and just as I got them properly warmed up, old Scotchy says, .'My God, Jack, what's that?' " 'What's what?' sez I. " 'What's that infernal noise I can hear like a blasted Irish Banshee?' sez he. "I pretended not to hear it at first, but the two Frenchmen heard it. Joe jumps up, and lifts down the old gun, and has a look at the caps, then he leans her up against the chimney. Brumby was doing very well. The noise kept coming nearer. At first the dogs commenced barking, and then they sat up, and howled. After a while they run back to the hut, and began whining and scratching at the door. By this time Brumby had come up quite close, and the 'Hum- mer' was giving tongue in great style. Old Scotchy hopped into his bunk, and covered himself up with a 'possum rug. You could hear him mut- tering his prayers hard and fast. Joe was as white aa a ghost, and was trembling like a wret dog; but poor Christy's jaw had dropped, and he was standing straight up with his eyes out of his cheeks like saucers. The noise outside was some- thing horrible. I found out after that Brumby had rammed a handkerchief in his mouth to stop his cussed laughing, and the noise he made was like a pig dying when thëre was anybody pitying it. I kept at Joe to open the door and shoot it; and at last, he pulled back the bo't, and was just going to fire, when a tremendous big collie dog, belonging to Christy, makes one bound in the door, and lands fair on Joe's stomach. Poor old Joe, he let one unearthly yell out of him, and fires off both barréis, then off he scooted, and we have never seen him since, but he turned up at Bathurst a couple of months after. I turned round to see what Christy was doing, but he had gone off in a faint, and we had a great job to bring him round. Every few minutes he would roll his eyes about, and yell out, 'If I on1 y had my entire horse and my sword I'd cut him down to the chin.' Old Scotchy had the soul-case scared out of him, and he was shivering next day. Christy and Scotchy went off towards Camden next day, and Brumby and me had to pack all the blacks' piccaninnies into Burragorang. "So we had the camp to ourselves, and you can bet it didn't take* us long to run the brumbies in for old Smith, and earn the twenty pounds he gave us. "So that's how Brumby started laughing when you were talking about the 'Hummer,' and he didn't mean to offend you, Dawson, did you, Brumby?" "No, irdeed," replied Brumby, "wouldn't do such a thing; but, by Cripes, Jack, old man, you told it well. Good night, chaps!" 