Tho iOoji tlmt Ciuneriil CrouJe'H forces won> Ittrjicly to lio reinforced from tJic Ntital Hide 1ms boon conllrmwl. IIo 1ms now Jl.uoo oxtru men In his nelgUbor- luhhl, am tho Ilooi-s lutvo iitlllsed auotlier chance for exhibiting their mobility, even under udverso sutrouiidliiL's. When I»rd Mclhtieii has scon to the safety, the thorough safety, of Ids line of communications, we sluill bear or an other battle. He Ik a flttlim Hcnerul; but, like every oilier Illitlnj! (Iciieral, has ever tut eye to his rear. Even the 'Ued I'rhice" lu (he Ertinco-I'msalun war, to whom "a light was as welcome as a glass of Uhenish," took precautions in that direction. Sir (Jeorge White's report that there have recently Imun dls- seiwlcms among the itoers from the I-'ree Stale aud tho.-e from the Transvaal, and that they are short of provlsloiw, though acceptable from one polnL of view, Is eouiiler-bnlaiicoil by the Intelligence from the northern districts of the Cape Colony. The task imjwyed upon Sir William Gut- acre, of keeping the disloyal spirits there hi check lias been, jjerhaps, the must dls- agDHttble of any dtirJng the eampalgu- Having to light your way through a country Is had enough, hilt to operatu In the mldsL of a people seething with dls- i alTcetion iH, in some respects, worse. No wonder that, under such elrctimstances the urrlvnl of reinforcements Is hamper ed, and u commander Is compelled to w»- main seemingly Innctlve. It Is most re- gredable thut Lord Mclhuen was not able to promptly follow tij) his Modder Illver victory. Tito lesson of his defeat there has been taken to heart by General Cronje, and the time given him has en abled him to fortify his portion, so that It can be taken only with great loss of life. Many proofs con tinue to be given of the Ignorance which has generally existed In Great llrl- talii with regard to the feeling among certain elas-es of the Cape Dutch. Even those who have, hitherto, been the warm est apologists for the Doers, admit now Hint this disloyalty has been smoulder ing for years, and that the Transvaal Go vernment has done Its utmost to foster It. And the result of our former blind ness now Is, that, before anything like n peaceful settlement can be arrived at, this element of discontent must be stamped out thoroughly. The soldier's work has got to bu done Iwfore the pneltlc stiitcKumu can take a hand, and It must bu done so thoroughly as not to require repetition. The mere beating back, of thu lloers 'from the territmy they, have invfldod Is now but half the battle. There are not uow nearly 100,01)0 men in South Africa merely to wipe out thu memories of Majubit. That has been done al ready. It Is Great Drltain's duly now to rcudur thu rccurreucc ot sueli an event luqiosslble. Recently one of the judges of the Su preme Court of the State of Connecticut exprcssed'thc opinion that, under certain circumstances a physician was justified lu hastening the death of a patient suf fering from an ineunible disease. Fol lowing this, l)r. Xehemhih Nlckerson, said to be one of the most distinguished physicians in New Eugland, lam been bold enough to say that "in spite of the criticisms of the clergy atul some brother physicians, 1 still think, and always shall, that If a patient Is sulTeilng from an in curable disease, and he wants relief from his miseries, a physician Is doing a deed of mercy if he helps him to end his life." It is a courageous statement,' undoubted ly, for u leading phyalcluiMo make, and It is a very open question whether his prac tice would bu improved by It. Still, wo wonder with the Westminster Dudget" in noticing the doctor's opinion, what t he views of some English and American physicians may be ou a subject so tleep- ly Interesting. Could what Count Fosco culled "gently aud painlessly assisting na ture" be jUKtllhible under tuiy circum stances, ami, if to, tiow or when? Ito- lutlve morality has many problems for discussion. Here Is one of tliem. Commendable, indeed, is the spirit of the motion which tho llev. W. Alexander 1ms given in tho I'rcsbytery of Mel- Ijouruu North, that no member sluill speak for mure thuu ten minutes ut a time, aud nut mure than three times at any mccl- lug. Whether it wus brought nLoul by tbe too fervent oratory of some speak ers, or the barren weariness of others it matters not. The idea should be as wel come as the "shadow of a rock in u desert land." D Is nil very well nt a lec ture, when one mail Is supposed to "run the show, " tlmt Ills freely Bowing sen- toucca, (Uid well balanced periods should be allowed it free aud uninterrupted course; One yields also the sutne privi lege to a enndhlute for Pai'tlamentury or municipal honors, when he Is uubtirttuui- lug himself to the electors. Rut lu a meeting called for the transaction of business— clerical or lay— in which nil those' present are Individually Interested, lt soomu, nnd Ih, not only a hardship, but au .injustice, tlmt- u few who "will be . talking" should occupy the whole of the time available in airing their own views, to the exclusion of others who have an equal, and often better, right to be heard In tbelr stead. Such men arc, doubtless, earnest and well Intentloned, but io the end they degenerate Into nuisances. One can see it in the half-suppressed yawns, the shifting in seats, and a dozen other signs, when such a one rises "only Just to explain," that the general feeling of thoso present Is one of utter weari ness. Would, indeed, that this time limit were more generally lu vogue. In Par liament alone what waste of time, what bitterness of spirit, what interchanges of personalities, during an all-night sit ting might not have )>ce» prevented had the Speaker, or Chairman of CommitU'C.4 only been able to say, as did the ghost of Winifred Pryce,ln the Ingoldsby legend, "look at the clock." In this last connec tion, moreover, we might take a hint from the Doers of the Transvaal. The member of tbe Yolksrnad are not, as u rule, much given to eloqueuee. They tqieak shortly and to the j>olut, and every hour there is an adjournment for a smoke, where pipes tire produced and matters discussed in a cloud of ltoer to bacco, which is described us "curiously dry, but very fascinating." Under this in- tiuenee anlmosltie.s and acerbities arc softened down, and the debate Is resum ed hi a calm mid equable spirit, fioiu which some of our legislators might take un example. 