Political Items. Mr J. T. McMahoa, who lias been niue months in the Woothakata elec torate, Ss opposing Mr John Newell. If Mr . W, H. Rawlings, the one time member, does not consider the show good enough, a new comer like Mr McMahoa cannot hare the ghost of a chance. Mr Newell was banqueted at Port Douglas this week. It is understood that Mr W. J. Paull will be the only Ministerial can didate for Charters Towers. The nam-is of several other gentlemen have been mentioned, but they have declined, and it is felt that it would bei unwise pol icy to run more than one candidate. Messrs T. Foley and A. Ogden, I^abor candidates for Townsville, ad dressed an open air meeting there on TJburjeday night. Mr Foley gave the history of the various plebiskytes, and said he quite agreed that two Labor candidates should run; if they could return one they could return two. Both i candidates then addressed them selves to the Labor programme. The audience, which was large, "was not particularly enthusiastic, .and no vote of confidence was asked for. tfiy Telegraph.) COOKTOWN, February 17. Mr. Elddel addressed the electors last flight, and received a fair hearing from a large audience. He Indulged throughput In. denouncing: eyery act and measure of the Government. He was accorded a voteof thanks for hie address. \- MARYBOROUGH, February 17. A welt attended meeting of the sup porters of Mr Stafford, the Opposition Candidate, was held to-day. '. BRISBANE, February 17. Mr JoLa Bruce -haB been announc e as the Ministerial candidate for T ort Curtis; . .A deputation to-day 'waited on Mr B, M. Wiley, barriEter. to_requrst him to contest North Brisbane, in the Opposi tion interest. Mr Drake presented the petition. Mr Lilley in reply, stated had the request been made at an earlier date, lie would liave given It serious consideration, but sihoe he had already announced his intention to contest Ox ley, "he was unable to withdraw. Mr GteorgePhlllip has announced his intention: ot retiring from the Nundah . election In favour of MrBridges, who is opposed by F. Passey and James Bo^ce. An enthusiastic jneetingwas held at Daiby on Wednesday ' night, when . Messrs Glaseey and Fegan addressed the electors. Mr Glasseycoiiflned his remark a principally to belittling the Government. ~ ' Messrs Phllp, Dalrymple and Chat away have gone North to-night to visit their constituents. : : - TOO WOOMB A, February 17. Mr W. H. Groom opens the elec tion campaign there on Wednesday WXt, ? Mr James Tolmie comes out as the Ministerial candidate for Toowopmba. He is endorsed by the Government. Mr Dicksoa speaks here on 16th March. 