beyond the great SOUTH WALL. Bhso Sow Subtbisino Details on the Voyage of im S.Y. Racoon, as Reported by her Owhh>, Join'. VIGoro T Heathebsub, to FRANK SAVILE, Author of " John Ship, Mariner," &c.; [Ali. Kiama Reserved.) CHAPTER XIV. Continued. IN THE NINTH CIRCLE. The hard dump ellem of of a vault was over all So vestige of a sound was there, but the chill damp of the melting "*, and far aw ty out of the distance the half-hoard break of waves upon the sea- cliff, Now and again the wail of a term or the all of a gull broke glaringly across the stillness, but from the grave below came nothing-no smiled sound to poise a hope upon , only the hMh of death and the ceaseless drip yet-was it the self-mesmerism of a hope that would not be denied so faint that it left the merest echo of a tremor in my ears, a tiny sound (seemed to float up from the depths I called Flood I shrieked to a fierce unnatural falsetto in my excitement I struggled desperately to pierce the darling thicknesses of love I strained hazard gaily across the gulf in my agony to listen, listen, listen for the ghost of a reply Still no answer and only the pitiless drip pattered on monotonously I pictured it falling on Gerry's cold, upturned face I struck savagely at the opposite wall of the creTasBO I met a cranny and thrust the point of my axe handle in it Then leaning on the head I hung out over the depths, roy shoulders almost half-way across the cleft There was a jerk as the sharp point snapped through the brittle support My head plunged forward, hitting with tremendous force the smooth, blue surface beyond rae. A thousand (ton sod planets flashed before my eyes, spread- ing from a core of foaming light Then sweet and Hidden as the night closes over a tropical light Ling flash followed darkness and insensibility a a * I blinked curiously, groping with owl-like eyes in the grey-green light that swathed me Before my rose a slope of their gleaming hill blue with the cold azure of undying frost The smooth surface stone huskily , the twilight fell upon it from above in uncertain patches Behind and above me was a curtain the overshadowing of two To my right rose the columns and porticoes of a building, shaded and deepening into blackness shire the cloistered frontage retreated into the background Close to my head, rising with gentle gradient from the pebbly floor, was a passed scent to the main door of the building. To the It was a dark emptiness, and bell-like out of his hollow distance came the tinkle of running over A few yards away lay a man's form-face to filth and still The forehead leaned upon the forearm , the other hand was stretched abroad, ii if grasping an unseen hand. The whole body had the pose of death as we find it when met with suddenness In the tired apathy that follows a great shock I stBred upon it wearily-unthinking, unreasoning, seeing something of familiarity, but with listless inability to follow the crude remem branding of my brain As intelligence grew slowly back to me I struggled weakly and sat up It was as is a long forgotten and half-remembered vision that I hew Gorry's brown shooting jacket and his greasy field-boots With further recognition memory began to -lose back Gerry had been upon the glacier with me. And Gargle And my flask. Gerry had wanted Its flask Well, he couldn't have it now I'd left it I tried wretchedly to remember how or where Why, of course, that was what Garhcke kia taken That no-ball, now, over there-just like the toboggan slide at Toronto two winters ago I wonder if old Jim Pnleriste was still able to seen him in town since Then there was list sweet little- Oh, my God Gorry had fallen m-fallen in-and I listened-in the term bid shrieked just as I thought I heard something Well, that was Gorry must be soong away over there on his face. And that building I Well-Why, of course, this was a dream. There say that absurd beast. That was part of a fenn Why on earth couldn't I wake myself ? Baines would bring my hot water directly Beastly unpleasant, just as well to know it was dream IN have another week or two Con outdid wet and cold and, by Jove ' cord serfs on his bed And blood upon them and' how my shoulder hurt. And what a Kith upon my palm A large drop splashed from the roof upon my Mend At the touch of the cold water, suddenly as the sunbeams read the sea-mist, my senses leaped back to me, and dread sickening dread took possession of my heart I stared across intently at Gerry's rigid limbs So we had fallen together into the depths-into the cold that kills He was dead, no doubt , a little struggle against the numbing cold, and I leo should pass into the land beyond forgetful It's "We had found the ninth circle of the lost I rose and touched and stretched myself warily How my back and shoulders ached, and what a sharp pang rang through my ankle as I dragged speed across the floor I knelt beside Gerry and turned his face to the light it was white and hollow cheeked his eyes were c and I ran my hand beneath his coat and laid it above his heart. Was it still or was it my own anxious pulse that beat beneath my palm ? No, there was a stirring-a fluttering, faint and Karee discernible, but these light still burned I placed my eye-ball before his parted lips. The out draught of his breathing struck against it, though over so lightly I moved his arms They were limp, but with no unnatural droop Very, dry gently, But perceptibly his chest rose and fell again, and something like a sigh fluttered out from between his lips There was a faint flicker of an eyelid, and his fingers twitched automatically at the pebbles. The worst of the overpowering weight of dread slid away from me hesitatingly. Perhaps after all Gerry was no more than knocked out of time not injured fatally at all I shouted into his ear , any movement of the eyelid answered me I raised his head, scraping the loose sand into a pillow beneath it, I took his hand and began to rub it briskly, clapping it against its follow A ?*^MSasiSiiiaiiüBSIiIIliaüüMBMSHSüüüllBüüül..SM faint shade of colour rose into his cheek ; he sighed perceptibly. Again his eyelids fluttered, half closed again, and then opened wonderingly to their widest. He stared about him, his gaze wandering with a drowsy air of astonishment from point to point. His hand swept the floor, picking at the little stones, and his breathing grew louder and more regular. I called aloud his name, smiting him on the shoulder. He jerked a look at me from his drowsy eyes, frowned, made as if he would turn his head, and then a sudden faint consciousness seemed to return to him. " Was'r matter ?" he whispered indistinctly. " Good man," I bawled joyously. " Wake up, wake up, old chap. Are you hurt ? Feel yourself," and I dragged him to a sitting pos- ture. " Was'r time ?" he gurgled again sleepily. " Time ! Hang the time. You're not in bed. "We're in the glacier. Get up and feel yourself." He scribbled weakly at the ground, caught at my sleeve, and leaned against me. He stared at his surroundings, regarding the temple portico with desperate astonishment. Then the ice-hill, sinking down to our very feet, caught his eye. He turned to me with wild amazement in every feature. " It's a nightmare," he declared. " "No such luck," quoth I, sadly. We're here right enough. The question is how to get out before we're frozen stiff. Can you stand ?" He staggered to his feet, still lurching against me, and began gingerly to press his limbs and ribs. He moaned eloquently as his fingers roamed about his battered bones, making fearful grimaces. " Bibs nearly bashed in," he remarked, " but no other damage that I can discover, bar bruises." " That's all right. Now let's hustle round and see if there's any sort of way out. That stream over there must go somewhere, if there's room to follow it. I inn hear it tinkling away down some sort of channel." in the direction in which I pointed the sides of overhanging rock and glacier converged till they almost met, forming a low tunnel which struck further into the blackness. It was from, this burrow that the sound of running water came. Gerry look at the dark entrance with much distaste. " Ugh," said he, " filthy and cold it'll be. Don't you think-" Click, click, click, and he stopped his argument to stare up to where something clattered above our heads. ' Gently, invitingly, a flask pattered into view, sliding down the slopes of the ice-hill at the end of a string. It hopped and jagged away most suggestively. We both gave a tumultuous yell of welcome and dashed at it. I seized it, opened it, and poured half its contents down Gerry's throat before he could make no demur. Then I took a good pull at it myself", smacking my lips with intense enjoyment. Wo clutched the string and tugged at it lustily, and those above tugged gladsome and heartily back. Then I found an old envelope, and began to scribble on it, using a rifle bullet for pencil. "All right. Get a rope !" was the terse message attached to the string, and we saw it flit upwards when our pressure relaxed, watching it disappear into the blue shadows of the ice-roof with indescribable sensations of relief. In a few seconds the veil of voices was borne down to us, faint as the chirp of a bird, but delightfully distinct, and we knew that our bulletin was received. Within a minute the flask dropped down for the second time-full too- and on it another bit of paper showed white and welcome. The inscription was " Have no rope long as this string. Parsons has gone down for another to splice. Hope all well. G." We know that this meant a wait of half an hour at the least, and we took another pull at the spirit to fortify ourselves against the cold, which was wrapping us recently in its embrace. Then we stamped and tramped violently round the cavern once or twice to enliven our circulations, and this brought us face to face with the stone portico at the back of the cave. We halted before it to stare at each other inquiringly. I nodded ; then together we sauntered up the steps and stood in the entrance. To be Continued " i 