HOW SOME BILLIARD HANDI CAP SWINDLES AliE WORKED About this time cf the vear tv.any i billiard saloons liave Ijiittiiicups in | wl-.icli th*-: prizes (ocmipospd i of the entry iiinnev of cu:3iji.'.'ut'ii'.s) . frequently total up to a substantial j EUin. Although tliese prizes invariably J take the form of cash, tbe participants I may be amateurs to a man, in which case the winner vindicates ins iinino fessional status by .i promise, often for gotten as soon ns made, to expend the moni-y in the purchase of some simu lated article. To a tolerably good cueist, hampered with no partk'ulnr ivgi.rd for hunesfv, and skillfd in the art popularly known as ' kidding,' these ccntesis are looked forward to as an almost cc itaii: means of pocketing considerable sum-, and the writer has every reason to believe that this form of 'sharping' has cf late years developed into a business. Should the sharp enter a competition »s ii stranger, li« will not lie (,iven tiie ghost of a chance of eilecting his object, *vhjle if his true form is know n hi* chances will be little, if any. improved. His modus operandi, tln-rei\jie, is tar fied out on a very different tack. A ?ffeek or two before the handicaps arc Hkely to be framed lie frequents a few .saloons where he is unknown, and ioSes to the worst players luck puts in his way, time after time, with sur prising perseverance. Many shillings leave his pockets in liquidation of Uiuudreds up'; but well he knows he is giving himself an excellent char.ce of realising fifty-fold. The probable sequel is that, when the ' weights ' appear for the various tournaments, the sharp finds himself the recipient of points which virtually place ft few prizes at his mercy, allowing that lie has the good fortune to steer clear of brother rogues. Indeed, his chief anxiety will not be annexation of a prize, but the fear that in captur ing it too easily he tnav invite exposure pnd disqualification. The proprii-tor of a Metropolitan Pilliard Saloon can tell s. pretty tale of pne scheming customer. A crowd of pver 250 persons entered for his last Qhristmas handicap, and as each paid gome 5s entrance money, there wts pc.ii. c £60, plus a note given by the proprietor, avaiJgbJi! for prizes. Jjarge as the number of competitors was, however, a player had ou! v to Win seven ties consecutively to lift the Imndsnmp sum nf -t-'fsn A fortnight before the issue of the individual handicaps a stnn'i-r mad-: i the galoon his ni^hily rendezvous sparing no pains to i;hr:fratp that he was a tyro imbued « uii the l'j:,d a:j bition to perpetrate a ten break, and absurdly happy when he performed £he feat. So a.Imirably did he dis- j gemble that he f.;und 1. in. self handi- ! capped alongside the greatest dv.ii'.\\-« at i £he game. I He won his first three ties without ! pccasioning anything Imt n-i'd s'trnrise. J.n the fourth, 'however, lie caused some pxciteinent by beating the favourite, Who imagined he had the greeiie&t; trvo Jo deal with. The fifth man to throw down the gauntlet was gushed with his own prowess and confident of blitiiii-' the pretensions of the mysteriou;. awkward playing n-- w man. Detj ite his most jlesperate efforts, however, he could pever get in front of his opponent, who kept scoi ing iu a haphazard wav, which pothing but the most signal good luck pould account for. The 'sharp 'sur- vived the other two hurdles without Raising anything but admiration for }tis surprising pluck and reached the final, which was drawn to be played a ^eek later on. N«ft morning finding the saloon fmpty, th« ' sharp ' took up a cue and yas Reputing soi^e marvellouscannons j with faultless grace when the pro prietor came quietly in. He shrewdly ' fUspected»foul play but kept his thoughts to himself. The sharp's opponent in the final was a promising peginner, also 011 the limit mark, and |fais man the saloon keeper determined should beat the other. Hastily con |iding in this gentleman it was ar that he should train his verv hardest during the next six days Un(Jer the direction of a dictinguished professional. At the end of that time there followed a game not likely to be |?rgotten hy those who witnessed it. Conspious of the immense advantage handicap liad given him, the sharp pllowejl his opponent a great deal of ropp, and not until the last hundred Jiad been entered upon did he lay liim jjelf seriously out to overhaul hint. To )iis Burprise and no little anxiety the fltfcer answered gamely and kept ahead. In vain did he throw UBide his mask ^n4 reveal his true form in magnificent cushion work. He fuihd by half a tfo$en points to draw level with his (Ir'terti)ine(i opponent, whose victory Y'bs dieeri-rl with a vigour seldom K f^ercised in ^Ije billiard room. j 