An Incident in High Life. f Ifritft Mj'ur (he Champ'tonS') Uijrhts Reserved tT occurred, this incident, duciug March, 1S7-, in the township of Boobooroo; and it goes to prove that even that Arcadia of the Vest was not without an occasional Scandal in High Life But it confirmed the supremacy of the Mackenzie, as you shall hear! For a long period prior to March, 1S7-, Mrs. Peter Mackenzie had been recogniscd throughout the district as the leader of Boobooroo society. I think *ho recognised herself as such, for I /.-HUH? she did not contradict when simpering Miss Gylina Gill said, in lier hearing : "M v dear, the Magistrate's wife is the only lady in town !" Mrs. Mackenzie was somewhat portly, but it was hardly ou that ac count that greatness "came Datural" to her ! .She was born to lead and she led. The women followed re luctantly, the men as willingly as the children after the Pied Piper ! But the sudden advent of the schoolmaster's wife was destined to put Mrs. Mac. :; supremacy to the test severe. -Sow, Mr. Peter .1. Mackenzie and Mr. William H. Brown had ever been on the best of terms. Their "quar ters'" stood side by side, each iu a Gvc acre block surrounded by a five-wire fence, which, for a chain or two be tween the houses, gave way to gydea posts : and a well-worn track through a hole in the paliugs was indicative of many and frequent visits. Mrs. Mac., too. '' thought a lot" of Brown, and used to say," pleasant it will be when Mrs. Brown gets tired of staying in that horrid Brisbane and settles here, even if she is only half as nice as you, Mr. Brown !" But for all that the following announcement in the Society columu of the great metropolitan paper, somehow un strung her nerves : " Mrs. Reddish-Brown (mo? Reddish) has decided upon a visit to Boobooroo, where her husband, Mr. W. Reddish Brown, holds a Government appoint ment. . . ." Mrs. I'eter Mackenzie instinctively felt that, in the schoolmaster's wife, she would have an opponent worthy of her steel: and she was not mistaken. " A woman who can deliberately change her hue like that ia not to be sneexed at with impunity," she thought (in words to that effect). Whether it was the beauty, the name, the gown, or the beautiful head of jet- black hair of the new-comer thnt did it, I cannot say, but at the very lirst " social function" (the St. Patrick's Ball), Mrs. "William Red dish-Brown came to the front with a bound! Poor Mrs. Mac. sat in com parative solitude and iu total eclipse. A deserted wall flower! How she chafed and fumed and fretted! What ter rible judgments she pronounced against her rebels. The ingrates! Never, never more should they bask in the sunshine of her favour ! Xever more should any of them be invited to her " imprompters,"' her afternoon teas, lier select suppers of tinned ovsterB and bottled porter! Poor Peter 1 how she bullied him! and because lie persisted in "going out for a drink" with " that low-bred woman s hus band" and " the fools that she fasci nates." Mrs. Mac. called him heart " Very well, Stoddart," she mused, " wait till you ask me for a daucc But the young gentleman looked as if he bad forgotten that Mrs. Mac. could dauce, so much was he taken uj) with the rival. And old Mr. Peiinefather, too, even he was smiling and simrkiug at her. But the smile changed to a frown, when the belle, after thrice in forming him that her programme was " full" allowed " dainty Dickson to initial two more number's. Indignantly Mr. P. strode across the candle greased floor to Mrs. Mac. «. I am so glad, dear Mr. Penne father, that you, at least, have not thrown over the old love for the new!' said she, prettily. "Can you tell me what there is in that woman to at tract all Boobooroo?" , _ . "She's a v-v'ry fi-ne head of airr he answered. "Which may be false! "snapped Mrs. Mackenzie. " Really now, that's t-t-too b-bad; he replied. "She's v-v-v'ry 1-1-ligbt on her f-f-f-eet, too, but S-s-toddart says you c-c-can hear her b-b-b-ones r-r-rat-tle when she p-p-polkas!" That might have been perfectly true, but it was a very rude thing for the gentleman to say. How it delighted Mrs. Mae. though! Nevertheless, long before the dance came to an end, Mrs. Mac. had reached the limit of her powers of endurance, and would fain retire from the scene of her rival's triumph-"disgusted not defeated," as she put it to herself and Peter. «' How the men hang round her I How she hugs her partners ! It's posi tively indecent! Peter r Peter ." take me home immediate. Ion may put up with any low-bred gutter snaffling you choose', but I can't be expected to swallow her! And 1 won t! So, there I Take me home immediate!" So Mrs. Mac. was taken home " im- i mediate," and her deposition and morti- j iication were completed! " Peter ?" she said next morning at breakfast, " Don't you think it would be more in keeping with your social position ii you mixed a little less than you do with that ignorant, ill-bred schoolmaster yonder r'' ana-Mrs. Mac adroitly indicated with her fork the direction her thoughts were travel ling. " Xot at all, Maria. "What could put such an idea into your headr Pray do not mis Brown up with his wife?" . And " yonder," at that identical moment, *Mrs. Keddish-Browu was saving; Who can that vulgar Mrs. Mac kon/.ie have been r How did a man, William dear, in a position so little inferior to ours, ever think of marry ing such a creaturer \\\ illie, my love, don't get too familiar with that ex policcuiau the Stipendiary. Now, Mrs. Peter Mackenzie kept fowls. Among them was a black hen, remarkable for nothing in particular, except, perhaps, that its tail was com posed of only oue feather. Fate or dained that,during that particular meal, on that particular morning, this particu lar fowl should go through that gap in the gydea posts and into Mrs. lted dish- Brown's fowl house. The meal over, Mr. Mackenzie made his way to the Courthouse, Mr. W. Brown to the schoolhouse, Mrs. Mac kenzie to the fowlhousc. " Last night's drunk an' disor derlies" shouted Mr. Mae. " Come out you, Smith, and have a lickin," bawled" Mr. Brown. '? Coop-chook-ch«ok'. Coop-chook chook-chook," called Mrs. Mac. The repentant roysterers were drag ged in. unfortunate Smith dragged out, but there was one fowl that did not answer Mrs. Mac's invitation. So she *' Coopchook-chooked" till her face was as red as the rooster s comb. Then, turning rouud, she espied that black hen makiug vain attempts to get out of her neighbor's fowlhouse. " Coo-oo-oop chook-chook!" she cried, louder than ever. But the " chook" couldac " coop," and, when Mrs. Mac became aware of that, she ([uickly went through that gap in the fence and liberated oue-feather-tail black hen. As she returned, it oc curred to her to stop up the gap in the fence with a kerosene tin and a packing case. ''There!" she cried, viewing ner work with satisfaction, "that'll be a hint to those well-bred people not to entice my fowls into their fowlhouse ! But a voice from the other side of the fence replied, '? Well-bred people don't take hints, policeman's wife!" Mrs. Mackenzie was thunder-struck, but she recovered sufficiently to say with much expressiveness: " Well-bred people don't need' em !" Then Bhe strutted into tho house. It was a palpable hit was it not ? and Mrs. Reddish-Brown undoubtedly felt it. But it did not prevent her being very gracious to the host of " country gen tlemen," who, having remained in town over the day, accepted horinvita tion to afternoon tea. Norcould Mrs. Mackenzie help feeling very sore, when, hidden by her chintz curtains, ahe watched those country gentlemen enter her rival's house. They had once been her loyal subjects, these rebels. When they were last [ in town Mrs. Reddish-Brown had I uot been heard of, and they had eyes for nono but Mrs. Mac. Such is the fickleness of Fashion! Next morning that unfortunate bird, contrary to its custom, decided to lay an egg, and in the neighbour's fowl-house, too! Mary duly infor med her mistress of the event, and the factthat Mary Ann had "lifted" the egg into her mistress' house. '* I knew they didn't possess com mon honesty-those Jack-sprats ex claimed Mrs. Mac." Go Mary, and give Mrs. Peter Mackenzie's compliments, I aud will Mrs. Brown (Brown mind you) please return the egg r" " Mary, delighted to be the bearer of a bellicose message, hurried off and as quickly returned with her answer " Tell Mrs. Peter Mackenzie to keep her fowls in her own pnddik and she won't have no call to send inipcrdent messages !" I "The thief, the gutter-snaffling!" ex claimed Mrs. Mac., and she tried to say | something very crushing but could think of nothing but" gntter-snaffling!" i She seized the corn, and, rushing out into the paddock, gave vent to her feel , ings iu si spasm of " coop- chooking." How she did " coop-chook" to be sure chough the hens were nil at her feet. It relieved her feeling, and she could show Mrs. Drown, by her defiant tone, thnt she was, " disgusted hut not defeated." While she was thus engaged, Mrs. Reddish-Brown came on to the veran | dali and commenced to mimic her. (No, it was not the correct thing to do, per-' haps, but she did it,) and c>h« roared f with derisive laughter too. The more she laughed the more Mrs. Mnc. " coop, cliooked," and the louder Mrs. Mac. " coop-chooked" the louder Mrs. Red dish-Brown laughed, while Mary and Mary Ann stood at the kitchen door enjoying the fun. " Mi'rd." paid Mary Ann, "Good iron, Missus!"' which was slangy but expressive. When she could stand it no longer, Mrs. Mac. walked up to the gap, " Mrs. lleddish-Bi 'own or Brown-red or whatever you call yourself, you are a low, vulgar-bred woman ! You are a laughing jack-ass ! A hyena, a-a-a gut tei- fnnilling There ! That's what you are " And what are you ?" " The wife of the Police Magistrate, and a lady. That's more than you ever were or ever will be " A pretty object to cull yourself a lady, you, the wife of a sergeant of black troopers I I know you " My husband was a squatter !" said Mrs. Mac. with lire. *' \os, after he failed as a policeman, and a magistrate when he'd failed as a si]uatter!" It was true, and Mrs. Mac. could but bite her lips and say-, "Anyhow we're honest! \Ve don't go prowling round people's hack yards for to steal their eggs. Neither are we ashamed of our name " A common trap ! Ha ! Ila! Ha !" shouted Mrs. Reddish-Brown. " A gutter-snai\ling ! HeHoHe i" roared Mrs. Mae. contorting her fea tures in vain endeavour to mimic her opponent. " A broken-down squatter! Ha.' Ha! Ha!" screamed Mrs. Reddish-Brown. "A thief! Ho! He! Ha!" yelled Mrs. Mackenzie. Then there was a pause, and, after it, Mrs. lieddish-Brown, assuming an nir of mock respect, said calmly and slowly. " Anyhow. I can dance, can't I Airs. Mackenzie?" " You can hug your partners most indecently was the reply. " Anyhow, I can set partners to hug, can t I, Mrs. Mackenzie?" " You can tiiatassented the other, " and I'll tell you what they say about you. They say they can hear your hones rattle when you polka! What do you think ol that?'' and, drawing her self to her fuli height, Mrs. Mac. 'strut ted in, conscious, from the hollowncss of her enemy's laughter, that the thrust had gone home. Mrs. Reddish-Brown re mained quiet for the rest of tlie day, but Mrs. Mac. was jubilant enough. Once more is seen the liand ofdestiny. Next morning that black-one-feathered tailed hen gave up the ghost! When Mrs. Mac." coop-chooked" as usual it answered not; it was beyond the attrac tion of any earthly ?' coop." Mrs. Mac. expected to find it in her neighbour's fowl-house, was making her way thither when she came upon deceased at the gap in the palings. " Her work !"' was, of course, her first thought. But she was wrong. It was death from natural causes, " She bad the eggs, anyhow," mut tered Mrs. Mac,, " she shall bury, it," and she flung it by the legs into the school i paddock, and returned to her domestic occupations. " Please Missus, it's came back !" said Mary tin hour afterwards. " What's come back ?" queried the lady. " Please Missus, the fowl's came back. I saw Mrs. Reddish-Brown heavo it over." Then went Mrs. Mackenzie forth in wrath, ond dashing at the bird, swung it round by the left leg and let it go at the schoolmaster's house. But the leg came away and was left in her hand, while the body fell short of the fence. Nothing daunted, but something exas perated, she fell npnn it, and this time was successful. Then she returned to her newspaper and read in its social column :-" We learn that Mrs, Red dish-Brown (nee Reddish) has arrived safely at Boobooroo, and intends taking up her residence-" " Please Missus, it's came back!" in terrupted Mary. This time Mrs. Mac, bounced forth in greater wrath, collared the fowl by the right wing, and flung it upon the school master's tank-top. A shorter space of time than before, and there caine a sliding sound as if someone were using the iron roof as a tobogging slide. Then, a " flop." " Please Missus, its came back !" Words are impotent to describe Mrs. Mac's, state of mind then. But in spite of her wrath she succeeded in lodging tlie fowl on the ridge-capping, whence it slid into the gutter. It was a good stroke and even now Mrs*. Mac. takes credit for it. Two minutes passed when Mary once more called out at the top of her voice " Look oat Missus, it's coming again!" and the words were not finished when there come n mighty crash of glass, and what rcmaiued of deceased fell at Mrs. Mac'*, feet. Catching it by the head (the only part that remained to catch hold of), she darted at that gap in the fence. " You hod the eggs! Now bury the fowl !"and deceased hovered in close prox imity to Mrs. Reddish-Brown's face. " Do your own dirty work, policeman's wife!" and it hovered back. Whizz flop! Whizz flop! backwards and forwards it went like a volleyed tennis ball; while the school children, let out to play, gathered round the comba tants. " Good iron!" shouted Mary. " Hi-eow !" howled the schoolchild ren. " Give it her, Missus bawled Mary Ann. But there was little need to urge on Mrs. Reddish-Brown. Using deceased as a weapon of offence, she was letting out furiously at Mrs. Mac. while the latter, reaching as far over the fencc as she could, made frantic grabs at her op ponent's face and person. Mary Ann declares that the hand-to-hnnd combat lusted an hour, but Mary limits it to five minutes. I am, therefore, not prepared to say exactly how long the skin ol the bird stood the terrible ordeal. But, at the identical moment at whieh the catastro phe occurred within two inches of Mrs. Mac's nose the latter lady, making a lunge even more furious than before, grabbed hold of that jet-black hair, and to her intense satisfaction, it came oft' in a mass, revealing a puritanical stubble that vied with the homely vegetable in hue. " Oh!" shouted Mary Ann, as she slammed the kitchen door. " Good old girl!" screamed Mary and went forth to welcome the conqueror. '. Hi-ie-ie-ow !" howled the school children, and Mrs. Reddish-Brown fled in confusion and disgrace, while Mnry carried Mrs. Mac. (soiled with the battle but gloating over its spoil) to. the bath room. This is the truth about the incident. Never again was the supremacy of the Mackenzie so much as questioned. Mrs. Reddish-Brown kept her room, nnd was no more " at home" in Booboo roo. Indeed she was never seen outside her door till the day she returned to civiliza tion. During this period of isolation, Mrs. Mac. very ungenerously used to say that she was waiting for her hair to grow. That was nngallant and incor rect, for Mrs. Reddish-brown was only waiting for it come up from Sydney. 