A CITY OF SALT. It would tnko at least three weeks to visit every portion of this marvellous city. Men have worked in its hollows for centuries, leaving it as a legacy to posterity. Horses have been brought to life and have died there, without seeing the light of day. It is silent and dark, except when the voices of people echo through its countless, tortuous halls, and the candle of the guide or flash of the Roman light discovers its uinssive and glittering wonders. It is a city hewn in salt. It will hardly be believed that such a place txists. To all who disbelieve, we would recommend a trip to "Wieiiczku, a little municipality about six miles from Cracow, in Polish Austria, and the centre of the Galician salt in dustry. The mines are under the direct control of the Austro-Hungariau Minis j ter of Finance. The wonders have been seen by people for nearly a thousand years. During that time the skilled hand of the laborer in the Wie iiczku salt mines has been at work turning the depths of darkness into a realm of beauty. It has created ball rooms, chapels, altars, statues, restau rants, railways, chandeliers, staircases, pillars, and thrones in the bowels of the earth, and the grandeur of these has excited the admiration of the world. The mines date back to 1044, aud now have a length of over two and three-quarter miles. Above stands a large, grey build ing, containing the offices of those in charge of the mining operations. This j building is interesting principally because it contains a large ijumber-of caps and uniforms worn by various Royal persons, | Austrian and otherwise, who have des cended into this subterranean city. They are each labelled with the name of the visitor and the day of doscent. In early times, this descent was made in a shaft worked by horse-power, but a hydraulic lift is now in use. Some visitors pre fer, however, to descend on long, slant ing stairways cut in the solid salt. Almost blinded by the darkness, and frightened by the eerie echo of his own footsteps, the visitor first enters some colossal chambers hollowed out by the laborer in the ordinary course of mining after a plan laid down by some master miud. He almost loses himself in the expanse of the Letow ballroom, which, with its solid mural decoration, illumin ated galleries, stalwart pillars, and shin ing chandeliers, is indeed a fit and wel come chamber for lovers of the dance. In its history, which dates back to 1750, when it was dedicated to Letowski, the chief of mines at that time, it has wit nessed many remarkable gatherings. These have taken place on Royal visits, or for the entertainment of distinguished guests. One end of the room is adorned with' a coloss.il Austrian eagle and with transparencies painted on slabs of salt. In an alcove at the other end of the room stands a throne of green, the crystals of which flash a green aud ruby red. It is on this that the Emperor sits when he comes to th'e mines. The ballroom lies at a distance of 210 feet below the surface, being the first of seven stories in the mine. Three of these stories only are open to visitors, as they alone contain the marvels visitors go to "see, and arc called " Bono," " Kaiser Franz," and " Erzher zog Albreclit," respectively, the last two being named in. houor of celebrated Austrians. From the scene of gaiety and splendor it is but a step to the home of quietude and prayer. Here, off one of the main passages, is the noted St. Anthony's Chapel, tho rnsnrt of thou sands of the devout since it was hewn in 1698\. The interior is beautified by an altar showing the Crucifixion, and on the steps of tho altar are the forms of two kneeling monks. On the sides of the chapel may bo seen smaller altars atid itutues of saints. Many times each -year tho priests of the district perform their pious duties in this simple chapel, not only in memory of St. Anthony himself, but as n tribute to the miner who, unaided and persevering, built tho chapel as it stands to-day. The blocks of salt-which he dug out have disappeared, but the life work of the nameless laborer may last till the end of time. . . . The inioe is, indeed, full of many marvels ; bat the most'' marvellous of all-at least, the one which makes the most impression on the visitor-is the subterranean lake, lying 700 feet below the surface of the earth. The waters of the lake are dark, thick, and heavy, and as the boat glides over its face the spreading waters" roll up against the sides of the grotto with a ghost-like swish. A ponderous solitude overweigbs all. The Styx alone of all the death-like streams in legend could rival this_in stillness. The boat is substantial, and carries many people. It is guided through the Stephanie and .Eudolph Grottos by ropes running on pulleys along the sides of "the boat, and the boatman, with his hands resting on the stern of the curious craft, . pushes it with his feet braced against the rope. There are sixteen of these lakes in different parts of the mine, but this is the only one upon which the visitors are allowed to go. The trip across and back takes.fifteen or twenty minutes, as the boat mores slowly through the sluggish brine. A gun shot off in the middle of the lake wakes a long "and lingering echo, and the voice of the boat man, as be calls out that all is ready, seems like the voice of a giant from the depths of chaos. 