THE LATEST GI10ST STORT. "M.A.P." has raised up a modern ghost in the House of Commons, and a most peculiar ghost, too; not an ordinary, ancestral spectre, but the mystic double of a lady who is both alive and well, and can in. no way account for the mysterious apparition. Among' the officials who have suites of rooms allotted to them withiu the precincts of the House of Parliament is Mr- Archibald J. C. Milman, Clerk Assistant of the House. With his wife and family, he has charming rooms just off , the Speaker's Court-. The dining- room in particular is a very beautiful chamber, panelled nearly to the sailing, and decorated with some very exquisite blue and white china, and a good many valuable old prints. This room, together with, others of the suite, opens out of a kind of transverse corridor. Not once or twice, but several times, and in broad daylight, fcoe, the exact counterpart of Mrs. Milman has been seen to pass up and down the corridor, in and out of the rooms—and always in the absence of the lady herself. Servants have seen it several times and so have other people. Here is a queer thing (hat occurred quite recently.* On returning from it drive one. afternoon, Mrs. Milman saw a friend in front of her, in the passage or ha'.lway. The friend, who was proceeding in the same direction as herself, passed into one J of the rooms opening oh to the corridor, and | was heard to <.ay, apparently to someone in | front cf him, "Good afternoon, Mrs. Mil- | man!" at" tho same time closing the door | behind him. Mrs. Milman. opened it and j went in—only to find her friend utterly be- j yrildcred. He declared he had seen her go into tlis room in frent of him, and now she had opened the door and came in behind him. It was incomprehensible. These, or similar ooeurrences, have taken place on several occasions, and, although there is nothing whatever to bo alarmed at, it is uncanny to feel that you have a sort of astral double walking about your own house, and one, moreover, of which you your self can never catch a glimpse. It is never safe to &3sert anything with regard to ghosts, but that there' is something ^explain able in this case is vouched for by indepen dent and intirely reliable witnesses. That the House of Commons should bo haunted by a lady who lives there in the flesh seems a trifle unparliamentary on the face of it, but where no explanation is forthcoming, a bare recital of what has happened must suf Later details published by "M.A.P." with regard to the "ghost" which is alleged to haunt a portion of the House of Commons, have created intense interest in all parts of , the country. A sceptical reporter ("having some doubt about the authenticity of the story" which appeared in "M.A.P."!) has taken tho trouble to make a personal call 0x1 Mrs. Milman, only to find, of course, that the story, as related in these coulmns last week, iB'perfectly accurate. "Tho funny thing about the story is that it is perfectly true!"' said Mrs. Milman. And then she told the sceptical reporter " all about it." It lias been going on for years," she said. "People are constantly telling me that they have seen me in places where 1 have certainly not been at tho time they men tion. One of my hobbies is btxk-binding. I have a binding-room at the top of the huilSe. One afternoon a friend was assisting me, and on taking his leave found nis again on the other side of tho binding-room door. Quite taken aback—he said he stood aside to let my double pass in. "I have never sesn my double myself, but I have heard it. Ono night when I had jus! retired to my bedroom I heard a noise out side the door, and made sure there wa.v something there. I went out, and found all the doors 011 tho landing open. I went back and fastened my door by mean; of a night bolt) which is worker by a rope from tho bed. The handle of ttio door was immediately turned, and the doer pushed open again, the holt being shot back. I again went out—and found nobody there. "Then I rang for two of the servants—my maid at the top of the house, and tho butle: s.t the bdttom. As they came to me I knev. that they must intercept anyone 011 thr stairs. My maid had seen nobody, but the butler had just met me coming 'through til folding doors of tho bottom corridor! "One of my governesses some time "ago lef* me simply because of meeting this strange sight so often. Only last Thursday (29tt June), a young lady who is staying in the house told mo she lind seen me somewhere where I had not been." In answer to ; question as to the age of the part of the build ing in which she resides, Mrs, Milman re piled that a strange feature of the busincs; was that the building was comparatively , modern, a very strange choice of quarters fo a ghost to make. It was rebuilt, of course in 1846. "Are you uot nervous with such : peculiar visitor about?" the lady was asked "Not a bit," laughed Mrs. Milman. " I' doesn't make the least difference to me. " have got used to it. In fact 1 have cfteh tried to waylay the stranger, waiting for foot steps to come along!" Mrs. Miln'.an adder that the ghost's appearance had been goinj oil for some years, and that it had been seer by many people besides those mentioned by her before. In fact everybody seems to ser it except herself! The case, it is evident, offers a splendid field for the ingenuity oi our friends of the Psychical Kesearcli So- ' ciety. Here is a lady of proved integrity, whose movements are within the knowlcdgr of a considerable number of people, who is living with her husband under the roof of tho British House of Commons itself, and yet she solemnly testifies to the repeater manifestation of one of the most extraordinary phenomena of which I h'uve ever heard? Til; apparitions of phantasms of the living, a; occurrences of this kind are termed by my friend Mr. Stead, are not novel, by any means, if wo may beliove all that wo are tol i by those whom a juvenile acquaintance oi mine calls "the dcedy people who study i aboiit. ghost"; but I cannot recollect any in stance in which the evidence as to the truth | of the statement made was so overwhelming as in the itrange case of Mrs. Milman. A Bn.WE Mothkb l?n:n.—Tho " Daily ! Nc-'ivr-." has the following:—From a garder. window in Twickenham "Observant" saw the following incident 1 At, wivk. and writes to toll the tale:—A nest of blackbirds hal iV.vn thi" morning, and one of the vonr.g birds had decided to explore under some shrabr. growing in my garden. A neighbor's rn ■ sprang after the bird and would have caught it, 1-ut at the same incmeiU the mother bird (lew dawn from n. high (roe growing jnsi outside tho garden, and with extended wings, and uttering a remarkably loud cry, hove.rort round the cat's head, dashing its»lt' ayain and again with open beak against the cat. Br -mexps-ted attack tho would-be des troyer seemed entirely baulked in his move ments, and both birds dew up ir.to the tree, and chatted loudly- and excitedly for about 10 minutes, I never eonld have imagined a 1 small bird oapahle oi such nuirvellc.us in stinct and courage. I felt cjaite excited r.t | witnessing such scene, and shall never for fice. 