MK. MURCASTLE'S MANIA. [By MALCOLM BELL, in The Lonybow.'] " YES, sir, I cannot blame you if yon clo not believe me, but I am telling you the earnest, solemn truth when leay that I am the living victim of a curse." The speaker-Mr. Murcastle-was an old gentleman, with a thin face, yellow complexion, anti long white hair, whose whole appearance was so remarkable that it could not fail to attract the attention of anyone who met him. He and I lived in the same suburb of (London, and as business took ns both into town about the samo time we frequently travelled in the same carriage, and in time, Englishman like, struck up a mild acquaintance, beginning with timid remarks about the closing or opening of a window, and advancing byslowstages to con- fidences on tho subject of the news, tho weather, or the crops. But though I noticed that he was ex- tremely reserved, and unusually apprehensive ot committing himself to any downright statement, I never observedanything absolutely strange about him until ono morning, not long before the conversation a fragment of which I have quoted above. It was ono of those cheerful morn- ings, not infrequent in the neighbor- hood of the metropolis in early winter, when a thick, choking, yellow fog smothers the earth, while the sun looks amiably down, re- sembling somewhat an underdone bun, without the currants. The train was late to begin with, and when it did start, of course crawled carefully and slowly along, feeling its way, as it were, from station to station, the monotony being agreeably relieved by the sudden starts which fog signals, un- expectedly exploded, aro admirably calculated to produce in a nervous man. Under these circumstances, Mr. Murcastle, who had always im- pressed mo before as a suiliciently good-tempered old gentleman, was particularly irritable, and, I may say, irritating. He was anxious, it appeared, to get into town earl j- to seo about some important business that, would brook no delay ; and I am bound to confess that there was much excuse for his vexation. Still the train did advance, though with plentiful deliberation, stopping now and then at a station, wli r ¡ crowds of yellow ghosts hurried through what was facetiously sup- posed to represent thu atmosphere, aud every new arrival entered the compartment- MU-rounded by a stilling halo of fog, which was not an accompaniment likely to render him welcome. Poor Mr. Murcastle became crosser and crosser; he fretted, lidgeted, and fumed, making himself, it must be owned, generally unpleasant, un- til at last, as the train slowly started after tho fiftieth stoppage, he burst out angrily ; "Confound it all, this train will never get to town to-da3'l" The words were scarcely out of his mouth, when there was a jolt, a crash, and a dead halt, this time a final ono ; for our train had run into anofier in front of us. Fortunately wc were proceeding very slowly at tho time, so that no one was injured; but tho engino was thrown oil* the rails, tho lines themselves were torn from the sleepers, and it was obvious at once that some hours must neces- 1 sarily elapse before the traffic could be resumed. On making this discovery I told Mr. Murcastle that I should get ont, walk on to the next station, and there take a cab ; and on my invi- tation he consented to accompany me. I I was surprised at the expression of his face as I holped Iii in down out of the high carriage on to tho footway between the lines. He was pale and agitated, and looked like a man stricken with a great remorse ; he moreover muttered to himself in a wild, incoherent manner. I thought, of course, that ho was affected by the accident, and en- deavored to reassure him by inform- ing him that I had ascertained from tho guard that nobody was hurt ; but my words had apparently no effect upon him. He continued to walk by my side, getting moro and more excited, until he exclaimed " Horrible ! Horrible ! I ought to have known better-by this time -after all my experience. Dreadful I Its all my fault-oh, it's all my faultl" I concluded that the nervous shock had temporarily unsettled his mind, and I set myself to soothe him to the best of my power. I laughed as cheerfully as I could under the circumstances, and said " Come, come, that's absurd, yon know; How can a railway accident in a fog like this be any fault of yours-or indeed of anybody else's?" I added, trying to take a pleasant view of the situation. He turned upon me with positive fury, crying . "What do you mean? You don't know what you are talking about." I thought this l-ather rude, as I did not consider that my remark was glaringly ridiculous But the next moment he broke down utterly, and clasping my hand, said " I beg your pardon ; I beg your pardon. Forgive me. I was irri- tated, and angry with myself. You can't be expected to understand. I'll tell you how it ÍB." Here he stopped for a minute, and then went on hurriedly " No, no ; not here, not now. I cannot tell you now. Come and dine ?with me some night, and I will tell yon my terrible story. Thtirsday? Can you come on Thursday ?" I was disengaged for that night, and said so, and we arranged that I should dine with him then. After this he became calmer, and when we reached the city, parted from me in his usual manner, saying " Don't forget, then-Thursday, at 7 punctually," I was not, in fact, likely to forget, for, though I was at the time a steady- going, middle-aged solicitor, with a highly-satisfactory connec- tion, I must confess to having looked forward to the Thursday evening with as much impatient eagerness as does a young lady to her lirst ball ; and when the evening came at last you may be sure that the hand of the clock was close on 7 when I walked np the steps and rang the bell of the old-fafhioned house in which Mr. Murcastle lived. I was admitted by an old servant, and was at once astonished at the richness, not to say splendor, dis- played in the furniture and decora- tion of the place. I found Mr. Murcastle alone ; and as dinner wa3 shortly afterwards announced.it was evident that he lived by himself, and that our evening was to be spent télc-à-télv. Tho dining-room, like the rest of the house, was magnificently fur- nished in the most perfect taste. The walls were covered with stamped and gilded leather, on which hung three or four apparently admirable pictures,one of which was an unmistakable Rembrandt ; for, business-like old fogy asl am, I have known something of artists and studios in my time,ntul know a good picture when I see ono. The ceiling was adorned with arabesques in raised plaster, and the floor of dark-stuim-d wood was partly covered with a rich Persian rug. The fireplace was open, and lined with tiles, on which a cheerful lire throw a pleasant glow ; while tho mantelpiece, which occupied the whole height of tho room with a world of quaintly-devised shelves and brackets, was decorated with some magniliccnt old china and glass. . "With these pleasant surroundings we dined at a small circular table, drawn up to the fire and lighted by a single lamp. When I have said that tho dinner was excellently de- signed and admirably cooked, I need tell no one who knows me that I thoroughly enjoyed it. I wish I could say tho same for my host, but ho was manifestly ner- vous and ill at ease. As long as tho servant was in the room no reference was made to tho object of our meeting. But on my expressing my surprise that a man possessed of such evident means of gratifying every wish should live in such gloomy isolation, he glanced uneasily at the old servant, and said in a low voice " By-and-bye. J You will under- stand it all by-and-bye." When dinner was finished, how- ever, and the servant had left us drawn up to the fire, with the table and a bottle of excellent claret be I tween us, we both felt that the story, however painful, was no longer to be deferred. After a pause, during which he filled and slowly drank a glass of wine, Mr. Murcastle began " You are surprised, you say, that with, m*» wealth-for you are right inyourçonjeciure I am immensely, absurdly rich-that -with this I ßhouldjrjive as I do. Believe me, I am tb.ii most miserable man on earth.'' And then he added the remark- able words with which I commenced this narrative " I am the living victim of a curse." I smiled, in that deprecating, half- hearted sort of way which is, I fancy, universal when a man does not quite know whether to take a strange assertion as a bad joke or a terrible truth. " Wait, my friend, wait," he went on, holding up his hand reprovingly. " There is nothing to smile at, I as- sure you. A cnrse so frightful, so hideous and blighting in its con- sequences, that I do not suppose a man ever before supported existence under circumstances so truly awful. But to make my story clear I must ^roî-sjjd in regular order, and you will soon know how great is this curse, and how fearful its effects." He paused again, as if still hesi- tating to confide in me, sighed heavily, and resumed " I tell you this melancholy his- tory, partly because I like you and am sure you will sympathise with me, partly because I must at length reveal my secret to someone, and partly jthat you may vindicate my memory ¡with those whom I have unintentionally injured, when -I am gone." I expresstd my willingness to be of service to him in any possible way, and waited for him to con- tinue. I " I was born, and spent my early years, in Bayswater, an unromantic spot enough to all appearances. My mother died at my birth, and I lived, until.I was ten years old, alone with my father. I loved him with all the j 'rfssionate devotion of a child but h>! did not apparently return my affection. He seemed to avoid me as much as possible, and I hardly ever saw him. If you have ever observed how sensitive children are, you -will understand that this evi- dent dislike blighted my young life, and that I was consequently, even then, truly and unutterably wretched." I murmured a few words of con- ventional sympathy, but Mr. Mur- castle did not seem to heed me. " My father," he proceeded-" my father, who was a wholesale tea merchant, spent his days in the city, and in the evenings either alone in his own apartment, to which no one was ever by any chance admitted, or in the company of two or three old merchants like himself. I thought naturally this was caused by a wish to avoid me. I did not find out until long afterwards the real, terrible truth. My father, a respectable, wealthy citizen, with a well-developed white waistcoat, gold watch and chain, round red face, and white whiskers, in short, every appearance of solid church-going respectability, was a magician. Ah ! I thought I should surprise you." This last remark was called forth by the fact that, on hearing thiB astounding announcement, I had spilt more than half a glass of claret over the tablecloth and my trousers. As he refilled my glass, and de- liberately spread a layer of salt over the stain I had created, I was about to remonstrate with him for playing upon my credulity in such a bare- faced way, but he stopped me by saying " Once more, my friend, wait. However extraordinary, however j improbable, my story may appear to yon, I must entreat yon to hear me patiently to the end. If you are not then convinced of my truthful- ness, yon must be the most pre- judiced and incredulous person on earth." I promised, in spite of my better judgment, to believe him implicitly if possible. " My father, I repeat, was a magi- cian. The nights spent in his .own room were devoted to the study of the Black Art, while the evenings out, which yon would have thought were passed in the enjoyment of- a friendly pipe and a quiet rubber, were in reality spent at a sort of magicians' club, which consisted of himself and two or three other old gentlemen of similar tastes." I could not resist an ejaculation of doubt at this farther strain upon my powers of reason, but he went on without paying any attention to me " Judging by my father's diaries, from which I learnt these facts later on, he seems to have enjoyed these evenings at the club immensely. The time was passed in raising ghosts, incantations, or the cheerful conversion of one or other of the company into a cat, or a mouse, or some similar form. But one even- ing a respectable stockbroker, who was one of the brotherhood, as they called themselves, having been con- verted, by way of a joke, into a small brown bear, it was found to be impossible to restore him to his natural form, and after this un- pleasant contretemps the meetings were abandoned." " Mr. Murcastle," I exclaimed, un- able any longer to accept unques- tioned what seemed to me a string of fantastic inventions, " I am will- ing to 'believe everything, however strange, that you assure mo hap- pened in your own experience, but ! you must excnse me if I cannot in- clude your father's remarkable delusions." "I do not blamo you," he an- swered, with a smile indescribably melancholy ; " nevertheless, they are perfectly true. If they were not I should be unable to relato them to yon, as yon will learn if you will have a little more patience." I did not understand what ho meant, but I was subdued by his manner, and promised not to in- terrupt him again. " My father adds in his diary that, all attempts to restore the unfortu- nate gentleman hoing absolutely in- effectual, he was quietly removed to the Zoological Gardens, where hu spent for the future an apparently not unhappy life, his late colleagues making a point of frequently visit- ing him, supplying him with apples, buns, and information as to tho latest movements of the Stock Ex- change." Not wishing to hnrt his feelings, but anxious to recall him to themain point, from which he appeared to be wandering further every minute, I ventured to remind him of tho curse. " True, true," ho said, taking my suggestion in good part. " On my tenth birthday, my father, contrary to all precedent, summoned me to his room. I had never entered it before, for it was invariably care- fully locked when he was out, and he himself carried tho only key. I was, not unnaturally, curious to examine it, but I had only limo to observe that it was rather strangely furnished when he called mo to him. I then perceived that he had in his hand a wine-glass containing a clear green liquid, with weird blue lights gleaming and fading in it. "'Thomas, my boy,' bo said, ' drink that.' " I drank it. It had a queer, not unpleasant, llavor ; and, as I put down tho glass, I said " 'What nice medicine, jjapu !'" " ' That's not medicine, my son,' he roplied ; ' that's a charm. In giving you that I have bestowed upon von the greatest blessing on earth."' " And ho really, I think, believed that he had." " ' Truthfulness, Thomas,' ho con- tinued,'absolute, unwavering truth- fulness, is a blessing given to few. To you alone will it bo granted never even to be able to tell a lie.' " (To bi: concluded on Mondai/). 