St. Paul's Church. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. Thursday last was indeed a gala day or Port Pirie Church folks. Early morning saw ihe site of St. Paul's new chur'clr g.»ily decorated with bunting, a spacious | marquee erected ia the enclosure, and' | suatsjiad been arranged on the footpaths 1 flanking ihe north and eastern sides of the building for the accommodation of | the general public, while a raised p."at ! form had been provided within the-site <»f the building for the clergy, the meui j b(-r» of the Masonic order, and—the choir. . ■ ■ ■ .. ; | - At the luncheon in the International [ Hall, which was provided by the Indie's Of St, Paul's Chureh, fully 80 gentlemen, including tlie wardens and officers of S. [ Paul's and Daruab.f^ Churches, the Yisit | ing clergymen, and a number of visiting ; and lo;al Masons sai down. - The §pread [ was a very nice one, and light wines' were provided. As a Masonic function was tim -d for 2 30, very little time could be devo ed to speech- making. The Rev; A.; G. King, who acted- as ho3t,i*storo ['Oicd the toast of "The visitors." He said that although he bad-only been in "Port Piri-j just four mouths the Bishop had been pleased to visit the port twice-dur ing that time ; the first occasiou being at" the time of his (Mr. King's) induction, and t he other occasion being His L' trJ- j ship's presence there that day. He refer red ti the brotherhood which should exist in our midst, and pointed out that Ahe present function was a Masonic is well as a church" one. - He referred to ' the Bishop's remarks at- the Confirmation Service on-the pi evif us nightj His Lord ship having pointed out that christians hid to Jive apirt to a great extent, and this lie 'thought applied nioie particularly tocleigj msH, but occasions like tKe present were the uieaaa of'bringing them to gi t'jer in an enj.>ya'-lo and pheasant way, and he felt exceedingly gratified at seeing so many present. The • Bishop responded on hjthtlf of the visitors. He said there was nothing more stimulating thm coming to Putt Pirie if one wanted to see an object ksson. There were some headshikers who took a pessimistic view of the future of South Australia, but it must be borne in tnind that some of fchoie heads wtro empty. When visiting .Port-Pirie they we^e i e mi tided of one of the emblem on the ^Australasian " co:tt:of-arhi3 ; ho re ferred to the rairsupial, which goes by leaps and bounds. It was a great comf..n to come to Port Pirie and see i s con tinued growth and ^rospeiity. indtpen-. dent of its 'scanty ra nfall. He was ex ceedingly glad to'thank them on behalf of the visitors, many «=f. whom hud come long distances fur the fraternal spirit and hospitality displayed, and he would ask them ;o honor the toas". of "Our Host and Hostesses." The toast was most heartily honored. - At 3.30, the time appointed for laying the foundation sto.ie, a large" crowd— numbering ,700: or 800 persons — had assembled within and around,the en closure, and it was wirh difficulty a few n.inutes later that- a good view'of the pio--eedings cou.'d be gained. Prior to the commencement of the ceremony members of Pirie Lodge, S.A.C., accom panied by the Lod^e officers, wearing then regilia and badges of office, marched in procession to the site of the butlJing, where they were met and escorted on to the raised platform where members of the clergy and the choir had already taken up their positions. The weather was beautifully fine, and 'the proceedings were solemn and impressive.y The service was commenced by the Bishop and choir, with Mr. II. Clark as organist,- chanting the following ver sicles r— . - The Bishop—-Our help is iu the name of the Lord. The Choir—Who made heaven and ear'n. The Bishop —O Lord, hear our pi uyer!: The Choir—Aud let our cty come unto Thee. The, Bishop—The name of the Lord be praised ! The Choir—From this time forth for evermore. Alleluia! - • The Bishop—The Lord be with you "! -■ The Choir—And with thy spirit. Then followed the Lord's Prayer and the 84th Psilm. J ■ Prayers as follow were then offered . By the . Ve\~ Akciibsacon Fkesch — O Almighty Lord God, Who, though the heavens and earth cannot. contain Thetvy et votiehsafest to have with ineii «-h<««se where they continually call upon Thy name,' behold, we beseech Thee this place with the eyes of Thy grace • purify it from all defilement, and keep it pure; and as Thou didst fulfil the de votion of Thy chosen servant David, through the-work of Salomon his son, so in this work touchsafe to grant tl3 <,«r biarts' desires, sud let all spiritual wickedness hence depart, through Jesus Chnst our Lord, Atnea." ' By the Rev. Cason Samavell —" 0 .LokI Jestu Christ, soil of the Livin^ Mod ; very God •Almighty, the brightness and express imago «,f the everlasting Who art-the Corner-stone cut out from the mountains without hands, and the immutable foundation ; stablish the stone to be laid in Thy name ; aud Thou, Who Beginning aad the End; by Whom, to the „ Begtniling, G»d the Father from of old created all things be, we beseech Thee, the beginning, the iijcreasit, and the consummation of this our work, now to be begun to the-praise of Thy name, Win, with the Father and the Holy- Spiiit livesfc and J teignest Ono\God, world without end. AlUCU. .v..-:: -v'--,. Bless, O Lord, the work of Tiiinu own hands, and grant that nil they, wlioiwith |u ecintent have given their aid t<» the huildinVof .this church of Thibts whe-e s »eier they shall call upon Thy' holy name, may be preserved <bo:li in body and soul, through" Christ our I^ird. Amen." - "■ ^ r.'- ; " The Service was then continued by the Bishop and choir \- The Bishop—Behold ! 1 layin Zion a chief, corner-stone elect, precious - The Choir—And lie i hit. belie vet h in Him shalll n«it be cujfouud.ed.* The Bishop — The stone which the builders" refused. The Choir—Is bicoiue the head-s'.oue of the corner. I -- The Bishop—This is the Lord's d«>iug; ■ The Choir—And il is m irvtlluus in cur eyes. ... ' . ""v/.. • - -The Bishop-OJit?r. foundation c in no man lay than that is laid The Choir—Which, is Jesus ChrV. The Bishop - Praise ye the L >rd ! The Choir —. The -I<ordV name be praised"■ * The Bishop then offered the following prayer—" O Lord (?»U Almighty," vouch safe, we -.beseechThefc, V tor-rbless this stone through Jesus Chflsr, Thy son, our Lord, for He is the Tried Stone, the Precious;Corner-stone, theQue Founda tion. Ariicn. -" ? White the stone was being prep ired hymn 394 was suug« The Bishop as Acting Grand Master of. Freemasons, then give the. ^fallowing address Be it kn^wn unttv you'that, we, being lawful Misons, true and faith ful to the latvs of our country, although not ourselves ...'operative" masons, lia\ e frmiy tiaieimmemorial beon associated with the erection of buildings raised for the benefit of mankind and tli&glory; of the Great Architect of the Universe. We have among us secrets, concealed from those who arc not Masons, but' they are lawful and honorable, ahdVare not op posed-to the laws either of G-id or rf man. They"were entrusted to Masons in ancient' times, aticLhave been 'fanhfuljy transmitted to us, and it is our duty fr. convey them down to"ur posteiity. We aro assembled-here in '-the presence of you all to erect a house for the worship and praise of the M->st High, which ! pray that .God m-ty prosper as it; seeuis good to Hitn. And as the first du:y of Vlakons in every undertaking is to.inv"ke His blessing, I cill tipon you to join our Grand Chaplain in an address to the Throue of Grace." The following prayer was then ~ff.jred by the Gra^d Chaplain (Rev. - W. A. Swan—" AJmigJity Architect of the Uni verse and Ruler of all worlds, deign froui t hy eel est It 1 abode, fro iu rea Itnsof light and glory, to bless us in all the pur poses of our present assembly. We Iium Vy invoke Thee to give us wisdom in all our doings, strength of mind under Till our difficulties, a>id the bjau'y of peace and charity in.all our c>i.ivoca ions. Per mit us, O Thou. Author of light an 1 life, Great Source <>f lovei and happiness, t>> lay this corner-stone^ and n<nv solemnly to consecrate it to the honour and glory of Thy Most Holy Name." - The Bishop the;i said—"I- tmw dec'are it to be iny will and pleasure t h it the corner-stone of this Church be now laid.~ The Worshipful Master of the"-Pirn? Lodge (Bro. I). CI Scott) will deposit the vial, containing newspapers and docu ments, in the civity prepared for it, and read the documents."; \ Thei Bishop vas then presented wstli a handsome silver-m mnte.l mallet, the gift of. the contractors (Messrs. George Beer & Sons), and a be iutiful'y ch is e} trowel (if silver by Messrs. Wh'tt rJ, Law ton & Wishart. The mallet bore the following inscription :—" Presented t > the " Acting . Grand Master, the L.ird Bishop of Adelaide, at the laying«if the foundation-stone of St. Paul's Church, Au just 17, 1899." . His Lordship, in acknowledging the presentation, said hi shou'd always va'ue the trowel and mallet as mementoes of that- interesting day. He fe't. the work would" be a complete success, and that the - strucfurc would b"5 not only an ornament tn the town, but one worthy of being dedicated and consecrated to the service • >f Almighty God. A j ir cmtain'ng cjpies of current, issues of several South Austra'ian "tie vs pipers and the following, document was then placed in a cavity prepared f >r it '.'The first Church of St. Paul's, Port Pine, wasa wondesi buikling, 35ir. long by 25ft. wide, accommodating 80 people. It was dedicatedAugust 20th, 1876,- the Rev. H- 3YiiIiams being-the priest .in charge. Tne successive incumbents who ministered in it were the Rev. F. T. Whitington, 1877-80; Rev. James Ham ilton Cowan, 18S1-7; Rev. G. Edward \'ounw,' 1888-91: Rev. Leslie Durno, 1891-OE). The Rev. S. J. Hloyd was assistant curate during the years 1891-93 In the. incumbency of the Rev. -A. G. King, who was instituted 16 h April, 1899; this church wa3 removed to be usod as a schoolroom, and the c >rner-stone of the new church was I iid by the Right Rev. John = Resiitia'd Harmer, . Lord Bishop of Adelaide, assisted by the Grand L idge of Freemasons of South Australia, on August 17tb, 1899.—Rev. A. G. Kink, incumbent ; D. 0. Scott, IV Wal . ters, churchwardens ; W. K. M'allyox honorary architect; George Beer. & Soxs, contractors." ' The stone, which bore t he letters A. M.D.G., Aug- 17, A.D. 1S93," with; a jjential figure of a crucifix, was then lowered into position. Turning to the: assembled Masons, the Acting Grand Master said— - . "Right 'Worshipful Deputy Grand Mister, what is the jewel of your office ?" . " The square," " What are its- m »r,»l and Misonic uses!" ; . r' - " Ti> squ ire our actions by the square of virtue and prove our work." " Apply the implement of your office toJ.liat p irtbm Sf the conier-stonef that need* to be pr >ved, an 1 mike repoit." The Deputy Gran l M tster (R.AV. Bro. Cunningham) then applied the squire to the stone and reported —' - Most W»r shipful Acting Grand Mister, Hind the stone to be square, I he -craftsmen have fiit!ifu"y parfor :» d tli ir duty." v • Thj Acting Grin ! M'sierfh;n suM — "Right Worshipful Senior Grand War den. what is th j j.:^el «f your i.ffiJc ?" *'The levil." ;r ' - " What is its Mris jnic use _ " Morally, it rciunds us of equ ility, and its, use is to lay levels and prove horizontals." : : V " Apply the implement of y..»ur office to lho cori)cr-s'<iue and make report." The Senior Gr.md Warden (R W. Bro. R. M rMichen) then applied the. level to the stone and reported—" M >st Wor shipful Aelin^ Grand Master, I find the stone to be level, -the cr iftsmuh h ive faithfully performed their duty." " Rigt^t Woishipful Junior Grand Warden,1 Vh.-ifc is the jewel of- your ofbee i" ~~ "4TI'.e plumb-rule." What is its Masonic use ?' '• Morilly, it teaches rectitude of con duct. and we use it to try and adjust up nghts.whiie fixing them upnn their proper tjasea." * * " Apply the imp'ement of your ollice to the several edges of the corner stone and make report." The Junior Grand Warden {R.W. Bro. J.Evans) then applied the p'usnb-rulc as. directed and reportedr—* ■ Most Worship ful Acting Grand Master, I find the stone is plumb, Iha craftsmen have faithfully performed their duty."'■ .. : The Acting Grand Master, striking the stone three limes with a mailer, said -1 now declare the stone to be ^well and truly laid. TJie Acting Grand Mister said—Let the ek-ineuSs of consccratiou now be pre sented. The Deputy Grand Ma&ter; \- I scatter corn upon .this stone as- an emblem of abundance ,»nl plenty. May the good seed Hh Word ^ink into the" hcatts of mew,- take rout,; and bring forth fruit a hundredfold, to.tlu ir benefit arid Hisgl i y The Senior Gran I Wa-den—1 p iur our wine upon this stor.e, the symbol of strength and "laduuss Miy those uh> work upon t!ii-sxbui!dirig, and th >se who shall hereafter meet within its walls, ever pel form their allot te I parts in ihe ser vice of the Great Architect with cheer fu'riejs a^d singleness of hjart.. The Junior Grand Warden—I .sprinkle this, stoae with oil. the embjein;v<if pe.ice and h irmony. May go.'d" will and bro fclier'y l ive p-ev.vit among thoje who shall worship iu' this house, to "the glory of the Most High, until time shall be no riiore. The M.W. the Acting Grand Master (ihe Bishop) then said : — " Brethren — We are an ancient Fraternity, which, from its earliest days has been identified with all tint is beautiful and grand, in architecture, and you will therefore be proud to have aided me, as I have be6n pr >ud to work -with you in laying the corner-sto ie of the nivb of th's building ; I which,- by the beauty of its design and the splidity of its constmcti >11, w.iil, we \- fcrus1, be arTornament in'this town and ["province -fop-, centuries -to. come. But, brethren, it is something f ir more than this. It is a temp'e ericted to the glory and worship of our Hi avonly Father - the Gro it Architect and Creator of all things. And wh itever differjnee there may'- be amongst us, J- ffeel sure th;it the same spirit must be in your mir.ds this day which animated the Jews of old when, as Ezrii' tells us, ' The lu"cLrs laid the foundation of the Temple of the Lord, and they set the priests in their appirel with trumpets to praise the Lord," after jhe ordinance of Divid, King of Israel. And they sang together by course iu praising arid"giving thanks unto the,Lorl, beciuse. He :s good and His mercy.endtir eth for ever. And; all.the-people shouted with a loud shout when they praised the Lord, because the foundation of the'House qf the Lord was laid. JThe \V. M. of the Pi) ie Lodge (Bro. D. 'C.'-'Scott), - then ,pfe3intcd the honorary architect (Mr. W." K. Malison) tj the Acting Grand Master, who; addressing Mr. Mallyon, said—" I place in your' banc's ihe plan's of the intended building; hot doubting your skill and ability .as a craftsman, and tdesi>e that you will pro-, cecd without loss of time-with the coin-, pietion of the work in conformity with the plans and' designs now entrusted to you.'' ' •- . .. ; . — The Grand Chap'airi - (Ray-. \W. A. Sa an)then ottered the following prayer: —" May the biessi-ig of heaven rest upon, us, and on the work in which we have been engage 1. Be p'oascd, we beseech Thee. Almighty Architect ;\tid Ruler of the Universe, to prosper this the work of our hands upon us, and grant thatTthis house may gr.iw into a (it an^gouiely temple : to the honour an t glory of Thy HoJy Name, Who ever livest and reign est one God, world without end. Sj mote it be." The Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide then pronounced the Dedica" ion Prayer : —" In the faith of .Jesus Christ we place 'this fouudan.m-storie, in the name of the Father and the Son arid the Holy Ghost. Amen. Here let the trucliiith aud fear of God with brotherly love ever abide ; and be this place dedicated with prayers arid with ^liainvocation and praise of the most Holy Name of the same, our L^rd Jesus Christ, Who with the Father and the Holy Spirit liveth and reigneth. one God woT'.d without end. Airen." . Prayers by R^v. A. G. King, Incum bent f.> low.d :—"O God, Who art the shield and defence of Thy people, be ever at hand, we beseech Thee, to protect and succour the builders of this house ; keep them in their-building* from all sin and prufaneness, and shelter them from all accident and peri', that the work which through Thy mercy hatli bien tio.v begun may be brought in Thee to a happy end, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amenv Let Thy Holy Spirit, we beseich Thee, O L >rd, descend upon th& hobse that we i-h ill build, to halldw our gifts arid the gifts of all our. people, arid to cleanse our hearts by His grace through.J03US Christ our Lord. Amen. O God, who in all places of Thy domin ion art ready to receive and bless, hear us. Tve pray Thee, and grant that the building of this house may remain in violate to Thee for ever, and that all Thy people whorm-ike their supplications be fore Thee may ever obtain; the benefits of Thy goodness, through pur Lord-Jesus Christ, Who liveth and reigneth wit'i Thee arid the Holy Ghost, One G d, world without end._ Amen." The < ff.Ttory Vas then taken up, arid the benediction,, pronounced by tlic Bishop, concluded the proceedings. The following were the Grand Lodge officers present;—The Right Rev. Dr. Harnivr, Actiris R. W.G.M. ; R.W. Bro. R31cMichen,f G.S. W.'j R.W. Br<v JV Evans, G.J.W. : R.'W. Bro. Cunningharii, G S. ; R.W. B-o. Rev. W. A. Swan, .Chaplain ; R W. Bro. Friitsdorf, D.C.-; R.W. the Dean, S.wnrdbearer ; It.W. Bro. T. J. Hantke, P.S G. W. ; R.W. Bro. W. V. Adams. G.LL. ' - * r. v The members of the clergy present: wero His L-jrdsltip ilio Bishop, the Deau of Adelaide, Rev. A. G. B. West (Un ley), Rev.. Wise (Cr.if-.-rs)- who bore the pastoral <' staff, R«v. \V A. Swan (Ken s ngton), Rev. Parm-Il (Port Augusta), Rev. A. S. Dehdy (Port Germein\ Arclidc.tcoa French (Petersburg), Rev. A; E.v Green (Laura), Rev. Russell (Murray River), Ruv. A. G. King '(In cumbent, Port Pirie.) After th'e ceremony of laying the stone an adjournment tvas made to the riiac quee, where ha was provided t.y the ladies of ifie congregation. A spL'cially illuminated plan nf the pro posed building w:is prepared by Mr; Jen kins, of Me&sr3.; English & Soward. - ' ■ The gross receipts amounted to £30. 