NOVEL. The Wonder-Witch bf m, c-. McClelland, CHAPTER VII. — (OontioueAO Did you do anything to help him?' she questioned. A sudden forlornness settled like a olond on the elder woman's face. She seamed aloof and isolated. 'Thar was a box in ther house, and I foiled it with pine- tags, and spread Kit's weskit over 'em, far a cradle,' she said, humbly. ' Fine-tags is healthy to sleep on. I 'lows to oook up a passel of vittles whenst I gits home and send my ole man down with 'em. 1 ain't no nnss myself, being nervy and 'feard to handle doctor's track. I'll git word about, too, so tber ehild kin be keered for.' Rnth held baok words nearly spoken, and substituted others. In the background of the old woman's life was a tragedy, in whioh a mistake in the giving of medioine bad resulted fatally to one she loved. This con fession of i&oapaoity; was an indirect allusion to it, and the first that Ruth had ever heard her make. A swift compassion filled her, and she hastened to assume the responsibility too great for these other hands ' You did wisely to mention this matter to me,' she said, gently. ' We are muoh nearer to hollow than the other neighbors, and the house iB on onr land. I'll go over myself and see about the ohild. Mammy oan tell me what to do. She knows all about babies. I wish she oonld go with me, bnt she's bad- ridden with rheumatism. Can you get word to the doctor, do you think P I must take Tony with me to carry some bedding and other things whioh mnet be needed.' To be sure she oould, Mrs Wheat deolared. Indeed, a vieit to the Tazawells was part of her day's programme. Mrs Tazewell wished to have a rag oarpet made for her upper hall, and had given the job to Mrs Wheat, who was the best oarpet- weaver in the connty. A consultation about rags and dye-stuffs was necessary : so the old woman oonld kill two birdB with one stone. I'll start the word round 'fcoufc'n Kit likewise,' sho affirmed, as she donned the yellow - sun- bonnet and rose to depart. You'll git help afore sundown. Mandy Turner's prime nnss, and I'll Btep by to see her. Maybe she'll oome for the night — her, or Sarah Garter. I'lll name it to both. Good- day, Miss Rath. 1 'owed Kit could count on gitting help from here fast, being as they-all played 'long of your all, and fit long of yon-all too.' When her foot was fairly in the path, the old woman delayed her gring to give Ruth another item of news, overlooked in stress of .greater matter : 'Twas named at the sto' yestidiy that thar war company at Tazewell's ; not -ther New York gal, nother. Shn've been thar some time, and liable to stay, being satisfied 'long of we-all's vittles. Tois here's a man, Oome yestiddy by train. Jim Bryant seed him, and 'lowed he war straight and lusty. I ain't hesrn whether he fetohed a ohist or oome in a bundle. Jim stndied out 'twas ther New York gal's bean.' CHAPTER VIII. True to her promise, Ruth set out abont her preparations at speed. While the negro boy Tray saddled the horses she interviewed mammy as to things required for a sick infant, and got them together. At the old woman's suggestion, too, she investigated an old oheBt of drawers in her mother's room, and selected from the hoard of half-wern bnt sentimontaliy preserved baby- linen Buoh artioles as might be needfnl. After its long, man -tended joarney, the little one's sanitary oondition was likely to be deplorable. She paoked np also a bottle of milk, white sngar, and a few heavier provisions for Kit's snstenanoe, adding at the last a few odd bits of orookery. That poor oreatmre has oome baok to bare walls ana naught else,' she mused, while making her collection. ' Any odds and ends the Gentrya may have left vagrant negroes have snapped np long ago, of coarse. I'll take a frying- pan and a coffee-pot, too, as well as a oonple of comforts. For the rest of the neoessaries Kit mast levy on other neighbors until he oan make defioite arrangements.' The ride throngh the woods was enjoy able, for the atmosphere was braoing from the light froBt of the previous night, and redolent with rieh autumn odors. Wild grape-vines netted the roadside, heavy with aoid black olusters ; the persimmon-trees showed a thiob studding of tawny fruit npon every bare twig, and in sheltered nooks and low places enpborbia blossomed, lilac and white and scarlet love-vine tangled glor iously, and belated ' blaok-eycd Susans' made snnset patches of oolor. Beside the pathway meandered a brisk mountain brook, stone-set, and fringed on its with wild gentian and ferns, with a loftier top-growth of dogwood, sassafras, and water-poplar shoots, amidst thiokete of spioewood and marsh willows. Overhead gray squirrels leaped nimbly among the branches, and deftly popped nuts into knot- holes and crannies, garnering the wocd harvest with thrift. Alfniff thfl nftthwAv afiAnil a mKMf loped slowly, and Rath put her horso into a run for the pleasure of seeing the oreatnre mend his pace to long leaps, and then dart sideways into the bushes, where his brown far made him indistingaishable from the fallen leaves as he squatted in form, with his ootton-tail hidden. When Ruth entered the olearing in whioh the cabin stood, the sun had passed the meridian and the light-rays wore slanted to an angle whioh brought out the soft grays and browns of the old logs, the red of the olay chinking, and the mellow duskiness of the shingles, with definite sharpness. A light line of smoke rose from the ohimney and lay in aerial spirals against a back ground of forest. Ruth dismounted at the rough, porch, bidding Tony hitoh the horses and bring in the basket and bedding. Despite Mrs Wheat's preparations, the interior of the oabin ohilled hor by its pervasive atmosphere of desolation. The door of the shed-room, at the baok, hang forlornly open, giving a continuation of the dirt and barrenness whieh seemed to intensify it. Throngh the door-way and the unsatisfactory small- paned window the light entered hardly, and in orosa- onrrents. The ansightliness of the plaoe was inoreased by a papering of news paper illustrations all over one side, largely shredded, and hanging with the grimy, pasted side outmost. These unsavory deoorations the breeze toyed with, shaking them about, and prodnoing with them a elever imitation of the sonffiing and scratch ing of rats. The only point of redemption in the scene were the hearth, which had been swept olean with a pine bongh, and the fireplace, wherein was a low blaze, surmounting bright embers. On one side of the hearth was a rough bench, formerly need as a support for the bee gams,' and beside it the box converted by Mrs Wheat into a bed for the ohild. As the door darkened with the entering guest, Kit Gantry roBe and faaed it. He was a short, thiok set man, and Btood awkwardly by reason of the wooden pin which supplied the plaoe of his left leg, gone from the knee down. His faoe was oare- worn and ragged, with an obstinate mouth, and a look of hopelessness in his eyes whioh required bnt little to turn it into desperation. ' With luok against him' seemed written all over the man. He had a obild's nursing bottle in his hand, and the brim of bis Bhabby wool bat was flattened against the orown, so as to leave sight unimpeded. Ruth oome forward at onoe, with extended hand and pleasant words of greeting. Mrs Wheat told me about your getting home last night and finding no one,' she explained, and also that the baby was siok. I oame over to see if I oonld help you.' There was in her tone and manner no hint of patronage, only straightforward kindness as from one human being to another. The hard lines about the man's mouth relaxed a little, and the gloom in his eyes lifted. ' I'm obleeged to you,' he replied, simply ; and ther chile needs women-folks' hearing badly. He air fevered some, and hev been far a week. He'B done qnit relishing his vittles. 'Twar a hard liok finding all my flitted. sI " He pauedj abruptly, and gaaed straight away, over her head. It was all hard, every bit of it,' assented Ruth, gently. 'Mrs Wheat told me, and I'm sorrier than I oan tell yon. We played together, yon know.' It was a womanly touoh, and made jnst difference between pity and.sympathy. The rongh fellow had fineness enongh to appre ciate it. His lipB twitohed and his eyes moistened. He made no response in words, hnt he let her take the ohild'B bottle from his hand and assume nndispnted authority. Perhaps the milk ib sour,' she suggested. ' That may be the reason he won't take it. Have yon tasted it P Nawm, the father admitted. I p'intly do despise sweet milk myself, so I never thought about sampling his'n.' Rnth smiled superior and emptied the oontents of the bottle behind the fire. It was of the gravest importance, she assured him, that infants' food should be pare and fresh. Then she despatohed him to the spring for water and turned to the ohild. It was ourled, like a kitten, on its father's vest in the box of aromatio pine- tags, and covered with a oheoked shawl whioh Rath recognized as belonging to Mrs Wheat. It was miserably puny, with purple veinB showing under its pallid skin, and great, dark shadows nnder its eyes. Its little frame seemed to Rnth nothing bnt a skeleton ; its hands were like birde' olaws, and its olothing was stiff, unoomfortable, and malodorous. Bnt for the need of more praotioal compass ion, Rnth oonld have wept over it. Even to her unpractised eyes the stress of the little one appeared extreme, and she summoned Tony and deBpatohed him at onoe for Dr Tazewell, bidding him follow should the doctor be from home. It would not do now to trust to Mrs Wheat, she deoided. The old woman was on foot, and, besides, wonld probably loiter and gossip by ths wayside. Rath found a battered tin basin and an empty tomato ean, both water tight, in the shed room, and, out of Bheer womanly revolt at the little one's appearanoe, did the best thing possible for him — that is, administered a hot bath and a change of raiment. Don't yon think he looks better?' she inquired of Kit, who had withdrawn to the wood-pile daring the ablations. I danno,' the man answered, with bnoolio blnntness. 'He's a sight oleaner, and better by that muoh. To me, he don't favor nothing 'oept a freBh-hatohed oatbird. He don't hardly ape human.' Whioh was so absolute a verity that it made Rnth winoe. TUa nliitil wafnoaA leva faaJ Aiiw vuuu saiuovu uio kwu ugwuuji wailing in a piteous undertone. After a while he dropped into a doze, whioh gradually deepened to stupor; his pulse became small, qniok, and irregular ; he coughed a little, feebly and spasmodioally, and hiB skin seemed almost to sear Rnth's cool hand when she touohed it. Time passed, and her anxiety deepened. She glanced aoross at the child's father, who avoided her eye and slonohed forward with his elbows on his knees and his faoe set hard. He understood that whioh was passing throngh her mind by its reflex en his own. Pain quickens even ordinary intelligence to aontoness. Abont three o'olook eame .the welcome clatter of hoofs, and Gentry rose awkwardly and homed out to meet the dootor. Ruth faced the doer expectantly, her head lifted. The sun had rounded the corner of the house, and its beams slanted through the soiled window-panes, touching the woman's hair, and slipping downward to rest on the brow of the babe on her knee. Through the door- way entered a stranger —a tall, square shouldered man, with hazel eyes nnder long lashes, and a heavy brown tieard- CHAPTER IX Rnth's look proolaimed her disappoint ment. Medical aid was so sorely wanted. A quiver passed over her faoe. The stranger oama forward and reassnred her. . Dr Tazewell was from home when the messenger arrived,' he explained. 'The ease seemed argent, bo I took the liberty of coming in Irs stead. Mrs Tazswell advised it. She'd baen talking with an old woman who was exoited about this ohild. Yon oan trust me. I am a dootor.' In her relief, Rnth smiled up at him cordially. It was good of yon to oome,' she Baid. < This baby seems very ill.' She made room on the benoh beside her, and the physician sat down and bent over the ohild on her lap. How long has he been oomatose ?' in quired, after u rapid examination. Two boors certainly,' she responded. Soon after I got here— about half-past twelve — he began fretting, a feeble, miser able wail. He was dirty and unoomfortable, so I took off his olothing and game him a hot bath. Was that wrong ?' ?No; the best thing possible, if you'd only gone farther and givon him some whiskey and milk. Have yon a cup and spoon convenient, and a littlo milk ?' Rath indicated the basket on the other, side of the hearth. The dootor helped him self deftly, mixed a mild-toddy with a portion of the oontents of his own pooket- fiask, and administered a spoonful or two to the patient. Then he arranged the box more comfortably, with one of Ruth's quilts, and took the child from her. Leave him there for a while,' he direoted. ' It is better for him than boing held. Now, what did you do with that olothing ?' Ruth pointed out a dingy little heap behind the benoh on whioh sho was seated, and watohed this masterful stranger a trifle curiously while he fished the things out with a bit of kindling-wood and tossed them into the flee. He seemed to her even more direot and forceful than is nsnal with his craft. Ie the disease oontagions i she inquired. Not at all,' he answered. It is gastrie fever. Bat there is no telling what infeotiou the ohild has been exposed to. Mrs Taze well gavo me to understand that the mother is dead and that the father carried the baby from Georgia in his arms. Is that so ?' Rnth bowed assent, and then gave him the story, briefly, in outline. The prinoipa aotor in it was bu9y with the doctors horse, whioh had been ridden at speed, but he might enter at any moment. The pathos of it struck her anew. These people have been oonneoted with us for years, and have lived on onr land,' she volunteered, in explanation of her own own intrusion into the affair. This man's father was my father's overseer, and we ohildreu played together. It grieved me dreadfally to hear of the trouble. He had no money, and it was the only way open to keep his promise to his dead wifo. Did yon notice that he is crippled? Tnen think of hiB getting here last night to find an empty house and a oold hearthstone. Was it not hard?' Her eyes filled as she spoke : she had, for the instant, lost sight of the faot that he was a stranger, and lifted her glanoe to him as frankly and nnoonsoiously as a ohild might have done. The dootor returned her gaze for half a second, and then looked away. A tender- natured woman, he deoided, and one whose heart was prone to poll the wool over the eyes of her reason. And, man like, he admired her for it, feeling more drawn to her than to any woman he had met lor years. It is never the woman with no nonsense about her who gets the firmest hold upon men. The experience was pretty rough,' he admitted. But the fellow wonld have shown more tenderness by lesB precipitation. .The ohild was too yonng. Ruth was instantly on the defensive. He eonld not know,' she deolared. An ignorant man, with no experience with babieB. His thought was of his promise and of his wife's wish. According to his light, he did hi? beBt.' Illogical and partisan, thought the dootor ; ' a thorough woman. I would not be surprised if she has backwoods prejudices in favor of domestio duties, the aupremsoy of man, and a hereafter of rewards and punishments. About half a dozen years of individualism and dominance of the ego, this sort of thing is refreshing.' Aloud he made no comment, for Kit Gentry Btnmped in with an armfnl of wood for the fire, and was promptly ponuoad on kl> vlla mnlalll ' imon ll „l _ auu £>Ub buruugu Ik oross- examination as to the child's previons conditions and symptoms. In the course of the talk it transpired that Kit, in his home ward progress, had passed through two infeoted regions; one, a town in central Georgia where yellow fever had been pre valent, and another, in North Carolina, where there had been several burials from small- pox. If the fellow had set out on a germ-quest, it did not seem, to one of his hearers, as though fniler or more varied opportunities wonld have been necessary. And the fact that, according to his own account, Kit had ' oome a-jnmping throngh, like a snake- hunted hop-frog, the moment he beoame aware of the preBenoe of disease in a locality, did not, in the medioal mind, render the situation innoonons. To the dootor, _ for the nonoe, the tragipathetio mountaineer was degraded into a peram bulating germ-distribntor; He ohewed the end of his moustaohe as he listened, and before Kit, in reoital, had hopped safely away from the second infection, he was busy emptying hiB pook'ets of the bottles of bismath, oalomel, and other possibly needed drags, with which Mrs Tazewell had loaded him, in search of the prayer and disinfectants with whioh he had provided himself. Ruth watohed him with interest. Her ohief knowledge of antiseptics was derived from Dr Tazewell's diatribes against that whioh he was pleased to designate as the . 1 idiotio superfluity' of Professor Lister's theory. When he had diluted his carbolio aoid to his mind, the dootor advanced npon Rnth with the preoision and foroe of a oonquoring army. Be so good as to stand in the light, young lady,' he ordered, ' while I disinfeot you;' whieh he prooeodod to do, system atically, and from the throat down. It is the ounce of prevention, quoth he, ' and you held the baby in your lap, of course, while you ohanged him, and very possibly handled his olothing afterwards.' He oirolod around her at short range, and Ruth liftffl her eyes to him with a laugh in them. His head was a trifle onward, and his eyes intent on his work, for ho was direotiug the fall of the atomized drug on her bosom and Bhoolders. Something in his position, the sweep of his lashes, the beanty of his forehead, or the mutinous fall of -a slightly grayed look of hair aoross it, touohed, in a shawdy way, a well-nigh intangible association. It was aB though the ghost of a forgotten harmony of the faintest suggestion of a once-liked perfume had been reflexed from the infinite upon the woman's spiritual senses. The passing was instantaneons, a wind blown shiver of mist, bnt it modified the expression of the eyes uplifted to the physioian's grave faoe, and also invested that faoe with an interest other than the sitnation called for— an interest utterly removed from that esoteric aflUtus whioh humanity, for want of a finer definition, oalls sexnsl attraction. Uneonsoious of that whioh had happened the dootor's gaze followed the movements of his hands, whioh manipulated the bottle and bulb win aooostomed tonohes. (To be oontinued.) 