By M. CJiAWFOKD FRASER. [Published by special arrangement with th# author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XVIIL—(Continued). ilonora, dear ilonora, was wanting straight towards him, with eyes that loos ed steadily, iirst to the right, and then to the left, seeking.for salvation still. Her lace was paler than it had been on ner marriage morn, and a tiny thing that moaned< was elasped in her arms. She hung back at every step, but Orazio had ills lel't hand on her shoulder. and with tlie right held something behind her head. The other, the false Honora, dressed in lier sables and jewels and perfumes, held a bright lamp high that they might see their way. She had thrown back her muffling veils. It was Virginie. Ten yards off a heavy stone had been raised and partly pushed back from its place in the floor and left a yawning pit of blackness, whence death breathed chokingly on the living. Words are slow things. Gerald saw, gave a cry that rang through the emptiness, and sprang forward, all in one flash of time. Honora's answering cry came as he struck his head and hands against a heavy iron grating that shut him off from her. He had been brought there to see the en<t. As Honora's voice rang hack to him he saw hope and color and life rush in a flood to her face. She had been heard. But no, Orazio's right hand changed its place and brought the revolver round to where the child's head laid against her. Gerald Was trving 'to tear down the dividing bars, to tear down the church itself to reach her, and did not hear Orazio's cold words. "If you scream once more I kill the child." , . Then she stood still and spoke, putting away the barrel with her hand, and wrap ping the little one closer and closer with all her person, her head bent low to shield its head. , , ^ • -it "She is your own child, Orazio, and 1 was and am. your true wife. There is not the shadow of a -wrong between us, except that you hate me, and see, I ask your par don for that. I't was all my fault; I was young and stupid. . . . Forgive me if I angered you. I know. . . . Oh, have pity on us. What have we done?" Gerald caught her tones and he stopped in his frantic efforts at liberty. The words reached liim, clear and pleading, in the ten der voice he knew so well. Orazio lowered his weapon and spoke. "Hone? Oh, I forgot, I had better tell you. Nothing so very much, after all. Only taken that caged animal there (oh, he cannot get out, don't hope it) for your lover; only despised me and hated me, and. then betrayed me. That as all. It is going to stop now, and I thought he might like to see you before the last. Hiss your hand to him my dear." Gerald had not gone mad yet, strange to say. , . He hurled the candlesticks, the missal, the cross itself, through the bars in the hope of reaching Orazio; but the ironwork interfered with their impetus and they fell short. .. Orazio laughed and pushed his wife a little nearer to the grating; and Virginie, at a sign from her master, raised the light so that it fell on Gerald's agonised face and bleeding liands tearing at the heavy iron work in vain. Then Honor recognised him, and sprang forward with a joyful cry, holding out the child, hoping to reach the bars -with it in time. Gerald would save it some how. But it was torn from her by Orazio, and as she flung herself upon bim he threw it back to Virginie, who "wrapped her stolen furs around it and moved away. She had seen enough—her part was play ed. Honora's shrieks rent the air and prevented the woman from hearing Ger ald's mad promises. He was telling her she should have everything he had in the world if she would let him out. Orazio struck his -wife once and twice on the mouth to silence her. Then she was suddenly still, and, -writhing, turned and kissed him as he held her and mur mured every endearing word that love can. •frame into his ear. What was perjury, or hell, or eternity, if he would but let her go to the child? But it was too late for that. He hardly felt the warm, sweet lips on his, did not hear her words, or see her beauty fawning on him in the last -wild hope of touching his senses and weakening his grip on her exhausted body. The low lights of madness burnt in his eyes. She might as well have kissed a lion on the blood trail. White Gerald's heart froze in his breast, his eyes, alone free to follow, saw Orazio lift .his wife suddenly and run witli her to where the pit yav/ned black in the marble floor, saw him stoop and lay her over it, saw him tear her hands with a breaking sound from his neck. Then there was one more cry, a short fall, a rending of drapery, and the stone came scraping back to its place by reluctant inches, for it was heavy. The murderers were gone and a dead stillness reigned in the desecrated church, where the darkness lay black as the pall over a new-made nun. Gerald strained every nerve, tried to stop the very beat ing of his heart, to listen for a sound; but none came, nothing broke the tense web of silence. He struck a match and tried to peer through the bars in the direction of that awful stone. Alas! he had flung the altar candles at Orazio, and they had rolled far out of reach on the marble floor; but he thought, or hoped he thought, that the stone still projected crookedly, had not gone home to its place in the floor. Another match, his last but one, showed him that, as he had feared, his grating reached the ceiling above in a curve follow ing that of the arch, and was fixed to the Wall with heavy hinges that all his wild shaking and rattling had not begun to dis lodge, while three separate locks of antique anil ponderous workmanship fastened his prison from that side. The small door by which he had entered with Virginie was blind, and so heavy that it -would not even shake in answer to his blows. This was the Porsenna's private chapel, rich in marbles and precious stones; and it had been for tified accordingly. One more thing he had seen before his match died. There was a square slab in the middle of the floor, marked "Nobil issima familia Porsenna," and there were two iron rings in it, lying flat with tue pavement. Was it possible to reach her that way? In an , instant he was on his knees, tear ing at the rings with his bruised hands, first on one side, then on the otheR, then, with a little cigar-cutter that he found in has pocket, carefully scraping along the seams of the stone, loosening the coarse plaster that seemed to hold it, pulling at the rings again, despairing, hoping, in heavy darkness, his torn hands and stream ing brow moistening the stones as he worked. At last he thought there was a shifting in the point of resistance. He tore off his tweed jacket and made it into a kind of rope through one of the rings, planted his feet firmly, and, with a cry that was half a prayer, put all his young strength, into a mighty wrench;, and the stone came up with a .jerk threw him a couple of yards against the will! of the chapel. He was up in a moment and,' on hands " and knees, reached the edge in the dark ness. Then, lying at full length on the floor, he stretched one arm down to feel, if possible, for what lay below. As his head hung over into the abyss, following his searching hand, the ghost of a sound crept into his ears and made his heart stand still for a minute as he listened. Would it come again? Yes, there. The faintest whisper of a sigh and something that stirred far off. Then he made sure that she lived and that he would find her; and to make all sure of bringing her up here he dragged the three covers from the altar, tied them in firm knots with his upper garments, and made one end of the strange line fast to the inexorable railing, then slowly let himself down with the other. Thank God! his feet touched ground in a moment. He could reach the edge-of the hole with his hand as he stood, for but shallow was the vault of the "nobilissima familia." But, whichever way he moved, his feet struck against something—he must light a match to find his way to Honora, It spluttered and went out; but he had seen, across a grim pile of coffins, a square of blacker blackness in the wall, which meant an opening. Then, among the dead, he called loud and clear, "Honora, Honora! I am com ing. It is I—Gerald!" No answer came and again he called. "Honor dear, answer, that I may know where you are." And a wail came to him. out of that inky mouth beyond.the dead. Wild with joy and hope, he scrambled over the grim piles, and, stooping, passed under the low archway. For a few yards liands and head felt their, way along .and under dank stone with nameless growths of darkness. Then he could stand upright, and his arms were free to leave his sides. What was this? Had the daylight come? A long stretch of level earth,1 with form less, loosely-covered piles on either hand. Overhead .vaulted stones that dripped slow tears;" and at: the end/against ^further .blackness,'white and lambent, an'arch of. flanie playing softly above a rough deal coffin. With empty arms flung across tne boards, and. eyes wild with straining for" the; child,' Honora- prayed such prayers as annihilate the decrees of heaven. With a cry he was at' her side, was raising her to lips and heart. "My own, my own, it has not killed you!" lie sobbed brokenly. "The. poor kind dead have not kil'ed. me," she said slowly. "No, not the poor dead." Then; with a voice that rang high through those damp places, she cried, "The living, the living! Where have they taken my child?" Pky be continued from day to day till . finished.] ' 