®ales and $ fatte. Ali Rights Eeseeved ] THE HOUSE ON TEE HILL, G. B. BDRGIN, (Author of ' A Qoaker Girl,' fce., te.) PaktIV. Isab.1 sat BP in bed, her long hair breaking from its bonds and flowingloosely Joundher. She drew it throw* ber finger* and the soft glossy mas. «'!=«* Ber troubled nerves. It had the effect of a comfort^* band in the semi-darkness of the paraiUy Ugbted room. Bat after a time, the : olu disquiet returned. 8he was as wide awake as Kihs bad been experimenting with Jerome ? Una bed. Pillow, sheets, everything. anpeared to want to elimb into the wrong JES^ Perbsp.it was her own restlessness ihich tad thus imbued inanimate objects wits lite. The bed had the effect of bang filled with crumbs; and most of us know that xaioful and unpleasant experience. ^reMBtlyTuM ghosts in the diattnt earners of the room became inmnpoctslrie. The do ,k on the chair sat op, tulkmg to them in -„;— 1^1 wbisper*. These unbidden goests ,rpp«ttd to be rajoying themselves hugely at thfrnnholy boor of the morn, Isabel felt acriomdy annoyed with herself, bnt it was JeLuTSo me. She eoold not deep. Ho. ooaia she remedy ihU disastrous state of ***!fsdenly she smiled. 'I have it 1' she «U nrotnidiaE an ivory foot in the moon SSL***??- «*??*£!* i1'' N-'1 yon to an; other place I can think of. I am not going to have my apartment tenanted by «nch an unholy crew of phantasms _ snd '^etot^t'tf^and glided across to the cloak with a «igh of relief. It was 11 warm ene. 8be pnt in' on. and rank back In the easy depths of the chair; bnt I he moonlight sttU troubled her, and abe badnotsnfSaent energy to alter the blinds unto shut It out. 'She doted uncomfortably for a little while in the chair, and then pushed it back into the dark eomer of th« room. supposed to be inhabited 'by the ghosts which had mocked her attempts at sleep. . 'With the aid of her dressing-gown and a soft cushion, Isabel made herself comfortable injoe cosy eld chair. She felt very pleated to ban weaned from the thraldom of her Moomy couch. To-morrow-or wssn'tto-o.y to-morrow seeing that it m three o'clock ! —the would apeak to Miss Suaimerby about It, and bare something more modern aufatitnted for this hearse-like structure. ' She leaned back with ha' f -shut eye*. As ?he did ao the bed assumed to her the proportions of » Btagp. Little Bprinhtly ' forms strutted about the coverlet. She could sot avoid thinking what a capital place it «onld make for a mating between Oberoo 'and Titaina. H-e gloomy curtains would do lor the forest trees, and the coloured coverlet might; for the nonce, represent a fairy ring. fibe had been wide awake before ; all at onoe (he became trebly ao. A shiver ran through her. The chair mi not so comfort able as she had expected. She would arrarge thehUuds and go tick to bed ecain. Hist ! What was that!' Ob, Heaven ! what was that! .There was a slight creaking of the door— something in white gUded into the room. Was it really Lady. Mary at last? But no ! Tnu ghost had a head. The face was turcel frnn. W as it irlided slowly towards the bed. Siq^lil.1- glistened for a moment in the teobolfeht, descended on the bed, there waa a rttdias otlineo, and then this ghastly figure draw back the bright Made only W strike »nd ?tHke agam-with savage fury at the place when Isabel ought to have beer. Isabel vu not a coward, on t at the sight of rhjs figure striking with noiseless fury at the bed ate gave a penetrating ehriek and became unconscious. When she recovered consciousness she was alone on the flior. She Undid . that she baud Geoffrey Hearoe's voice outside the boose giving instructions to someone in firm, decided tones. She staggered to the door, locked it, and again fainted. Presently someone knocked. 'It's only me. miss,' eaid Pflbeam's pleasant voice. ' Is anything the nutter ?** Isabel opened the door, and, Singing her self into the broad, motherly arms of Mrs. Pilbeam, burst into tears. Airs. Pilbeam drew her into the room, and ?hut the door. ' There, there, my pretty, my pretty, don't take on so, don't take on so. Shsb, ahsh I' She rocked Isabel in her strong arms until the frightened girl's sobs gradually subsided, and she was able to give an incoherent account of whit had happened. 'Bless you. my pretty,' said Mrs. PUbeam. ' Didn't I tell you what would come of having those Kte suppers 1 I oughtn't to have told you about Lady Miry and all that silly nonsense. I might have known you, too, would have lost your head, my pretty one, my lamb.' She-held. Iaabel very tightly in her mother ly anna, 11 1 warrant me, my pretty, you forgot to lock your door Ust night, and then you got to dreaming and remembering it in your dreams, and fancied all sorts of things. Whenever Einipple has tasted cheese for supper be does the same tning, my pretty ;' but she gave a shiver aa if the did not believe her own account of what had happened. Isabel sat tip, and released herself from Mrs. Pilbeam's strong arms. ?? That is all nonsense,' she said, a little ashamed of her emotion. She glided to the window and opened the blind. The stable dock struck five. ' It -waa too real,' shivered Isabel, ' too horribly real to be a dream.' She rushed to the bed and lifted up the '?See here ! see here !' she cried, holding it out hysterically to Pilbeam. 'Njw tell me if it was a dream »' The coverlet was pierced, with long slanting slits, in four places. By a strong effort Isabel prevented herself from again fainticg. fche felt sick .and worn out with the emotions of the night. After a moment's interval, she fell on her knees and thanked tiod that Bue bad been spared. Mrs. Pilbeam was simpering by her side. (*It's true enough, miss. Heaven forgive me for telling von Buch a lie-. Oh, yes, it's true enough. But I told you to leck your door every night. If you hud listened tome yon would have been spared all this.' ' Who was it, then ! ' inquired Isabel in a frightened whisper. ' I - was one of the maids, who gets a bit queer in her bead at times,' -said Mrs. -ilbeam. ? ? I can't nersnide Miss Summerby to send her away altogether. She gets these fits when the moon, is at full, and that was why I told you to lock jonr door. You didn't see her tux. miss ?' 'No ; it was turned away from me,' said Isabel, not noticing Pilbeam's look of relief ' She seemed to be rather tall uid muscular, to judge from the way in which she struck the coverlet.' '? Vou bad belter come with me to my room, miss,' said P.lbeam. ' Vou cut go back to that bed again.' 'I should have a fit ii I did,' said Isabel, clinging to Pilbeam, grstefu'ly. 'Oh, it u so horrid. If I h»dn't felt uneasy and gone to sleep in the chair, she would have killed 'Oh tbat vis it, miss,' said Pilbeam. ' I was wondering how it all happened.' ' Weren't you afraid ! ' asked IsabeL 'Me afraid !' said the brawny' PUbeam, scornfully barinj ber magnificent arm. ?* Why I cull knoi.td.wn a man u soon as look at him, and Kinipple knows it, bless you.' Mrs. Pilbeam put Isabel to bed in her own comfortable room, and remained with her unlfl she fell into a troufa'.ed sleep. Then she noiielesaly left the room, softly opened the front door, and made her way to the tower. Geoffrey Hearue awaited her coming. He waa very pale and stem. ' Do you know what you have done, woman r he slid. 'It is only by Hod's mercy that poor girl escaped. Ton are un worthy of such » trust. How dare you sleep at your post ?' ' P.lbeam whimpered. 'It's very hard op me, Mr. Geoffrey. I have sot been to deep for two nights with h?r, and she aeemed so much better that I dnjd oft. When I wcks up ane -was gooe.n .'And then !' 'I rushed round looking for her. I saw Miss Archer'a door open, and she ? ' Geofirey grew paler still. ' ? she was stabbing at the bedclothes. I rushed forward, and dragged her away. Miss Archer had. fainted on the flaor. She couldn't sleep, and so had gone to ifae other end of the room.' There came a groan, and then a sound of low chuckling UngWter from the room abov? . ' Dues Miss Archer inspect anything V . ' Bless yon, no, sir. She thinks it one of the_maida.u .... ' It is about time this deception ended. I waa a fool and a knave ever to consent to iU beginning.' raid Geoffrey. ' If anything had happened to Miu Archer I 'would have -shot myself. I will teU her soon. But you-I trusted you,' and you betrayed tbat trust.1? ' I'm mortal sorry, air.' said . PUbeam, aeain weeoine. 'rdidn't ftfel very well last night* ao I swallowed half a tame Indian (preEnmably, Tamar Indian), and that kept me awake lor astime. Then I went to deep, and she got pp.' Geoffrey sgbid heavily. 'It is fco^jeless,' he said. 'There it nothing more to be done widT her. The whole business must come to an eai. I ought to have known belter than to have emt^rked on so fo-ilhardy an enterprise.' Again that nuuiaea! chuikle. Then alL wasatill.' M She's 'gone to sTeep now, s:r, * asid Pitbeam. 'ill Uke her back to her own room tc-morrow night.' And she wett^t away, leaving Geoffrey buried in deep thought. The next day Filbeam entered the breakfast- room with a message for Isabel that Miss Summerby waa too uswell to see any one, and she did not wish to be disturbed. Isabel was to attend to everything until Miss Snmmerby felt well enough to do so herself. Geoffrey Hearne looked op for a moment when the message waa given to babel, but quickly buried himself behind the 'Times ' before she could catch his eyes. She was pale and dispirited. The experiences of last night had been altogether too much for her. She had almost resolved to return bome. Hence, Miss Summerby'a illness was en additional aggravation of her perplexities. Geoffrey Hearne, too, eeemed strangely pte occdpied and ill at ease. Isabd put aside ber untasted toast, .and rose to leave the table. She spent tbe morning in her* own room. In the afternoon several people were closeted with Geoffrey Hesrne. ' If on have no hesitation in signing the certificate,' Bhe heard one cay to the other; as they left the bouse, and tfaen it fltshed across her troubled mind tbat these men were doctors who had come to see tbe mad honse maid, and certify that she really wss insane. ' If you please, miss, Mr. Heame wonld like to see you,' slid Pilbcim, about four o'clock. Isabel went listlessly down to the study, feeling that something unusual had happened. Geoffrey placed in ber band a telegram. ' Would you do me the favour to read that V he said. ' I don't understand,' said IsabeL ''Have full persuasion to explain every thing to Miss Archer. The evil dsy cannot be put off-Dabchick.' What does « »U mean, Mr. Beanie V 'It means— oh, you mast see what it means,' he said, driven oot of hu usuil reserve by ber evident liitlessness. Dun t you really see what it »U means ?'' ' No.' sail lubel, listlessly. ''I am only aware that I am very tired, and that it is no: lika you* to trouble me. I had a .kind of feeung that you would protect me, and now — Oh, that horrible woman ! I see her now. 1 hear the rending of linen aa sbe strikes tbe bed again. I am a coward. I want to go away I cannot stop in this die&dfal; pi&ce.; 1 knew when I first «w it something terrible would nappen. Life seems to have nothing but sorrow for me at every turn. A little while ago, I did not know the meaning of the word, and now — ?' She boned her face in her bands, and wept afresh. Gnffrev allowed her to weep nnre Btrainedly for a few momenta. Then became round, took ber nand in his owii, and sat down opposite her. 'Listen to me a mement, please, Miss Archer. It is absolutely essential that you beed what I am about to say to yon. Jaabel.Btayed her tears. Sbe vu very tired. The excitement of the uigbt had been too ''t**^ for her. ' ¥ou will think me a sQly school girl,' she Kiid. 'I, who boasted of my strong nerves.' Tbere was something -reassuring in the touch of Geoffrey's hand. .She felt more 'I hare something very painful to tell yon.' he said. 'Can you guess nhat it is?** ' Ii it is tbe mystery of this place I do not want to hear it,' eaid Isabel. ' The shocY of latt night has quite cured my folly about It All I wish to do is to leave here as soon as possible.' ' But, in justice to myself, I cannot let you go -withont explaining how it was that you came here as veil as myself,' be said. ' Do you miad going back with tne a year ago If' Isabel nodded. She bad not the slightest interest to the matter. She wanted to leave the place. Geoffrey said nothing for a moment. 41 Prepare yourself for a shock,'' he resumed. 'The mad woman who entered your room last night was not a servant at alL It was Miss S-ammerby.' 'And you knew it!' said Isabel, ber liirtlffwnfw VsUUshinc. ' Yes.' ' How did you know it V ' Because,' aaid Geoffrey Hearne, drawing his hand«way, 'I am her keeper.' *' Wonld yon mind telling me all about it!' aaid Isabel, incredulously. 'What harm had I ever done to Miss Summerby tbat sbe should try to kill me?' 11 About a year ago,' said Geoffrey, '-my poor dad lost all his money. The old place bad to be sold— the chock killed him. I was the only sen — ths young squire. A young »qoire whose property has gone to pay bis fichu's debts is not of much account in tbe world, as I speedily fonnd ont. I could do oothing — I was perfectly useless, except as a EAineLeeper. I came to town, and almost tan ed in my attempt to make a living. One day leaw.a cariousfy-worded advertisement .n the . ' D*ity Chronicle.' . It aaid that none but gEoilemen need -apply, .and that, alterA pfeUmiuary interview.,!? the applicant lulled, ifie nature of the post to be filled would.be diaeloa d. I went to the address, . 'Mr. DabchicV'aaidJsabeL'esgerly. ' Yta. 3c looked me over, -and. 'i&mig;'nt that I should do,' but he waa very particular as to Ay antecedents — wanted to know all about me, in bet. 1 was to return to him in a week's time. He would then, if I suited, 'ally disclose the nature of the post to be filled, t went back in a week's time. : I daresay yon know the place. He said he bad been down to my home to make inquiries abont ine. ' He had even ''llftfl on the vicar, whose name I bad siven as a reference. At Snt I felt inclined to choke bim for his impertilience. But lam-tiringyon?' 'Slot at aM,' said. Isabel. 'I want to know everything.' ? 'He then disclosed tome lhat it wonlj be a very 'easy place for me to filL '^.oa'will be called an agent,' he said, ? and will have a capital hone and. quarters. Ifou will live with an old lady in Derbyshire, who came into a Urge estate a Bhort time back. I am one of the trustees of the will by which she inherits. She has one' or two distant relatives ; in tbe event of anything happening to her, the money goes to a hospital! I am afraid something -will happen to her. The shock of coming into this large fortune after a life of comparative poverty has been too much for her. I don't think sbe win ever get over it. The doctors laughed at me when I mentioned my doubts, but I told them I bad never seen a person stick out her tlmmlift at right angles, and make no use of them, who did not go mad in time. It was only a question of time. And (be marinfus generally took the Tom of bom'cidil mania. They laughed, bnt they examined Mia Summerby —tbat is her same — xilioot her knowledge. Then they came to me with long faces, rtiere were .grave signs of mental disorder. Ihey didn't believe in my theory about thumbs, bnt it was just a torn np whether Mns Summerby would go mad or recover. Sbe needed incessant watching, bat she must not know it. If she once became aware of ber danger, sbe wonld inevitably go mad. All they could suggest was tbat her female attendant should be a woman accustomed to the care of the insane' ' Then Pilbeam has been a keener ?' asked Isabel. ** And is. That accounts for her extra ordinary strength. Dabchick aaid that there must always be a nun on the premises in case of any ont break. It would not be sudden. Some hoars would elapse in any case, but it seeded someone to be always on the lookon for tbe symptoms in question. It would not do to have an ordinary keeper about the place. He must be a gentleman. And abe must have someone as a companion vbocoold play to her and amnte her.' 'That is why I was selected!* asked IesbeL 'Yes. Dabcbick prides himself on hU knowledge of character. He thonght it would be better sat to teU you tbe truth. He told the giri who was heje before, and she became so nervous that die frightened Alias Snmmerby into a bad attack abont four months ago. She vent away, and Miss Summerby began to mop?. Vcn did her a great deal of good. Sometimes you have ooked very surprised when I nave asked yon to go on playing. Ton didn't know that you were playing the evil spirit ont of this kindly old lady, who wonld not willingly hurt a fly. She is naturally one of tbe gentlest, sweetest ssuls living, and I have had to take her screamine. straggling to tbe Tower — one story is padded— and keep ber tbere for hours, poor sou', until the madness is passed away. I waa. beginning to hope tint she wonld recover^ but Pilbeam told me she was becoming restless again. That was why I didn't want her to go for a drive, but 4 couldu'c very well atop ber. She has never been as bad as this. It was Pilbeam.1* doty to sit np with her, and to call me if she became worse. It eeems that Pilbeam Kent to sleep. A soldier who goa to sleep on doty is shot. If anything bad happened to you, that woman ought to have been shot. Sbe went to sleep, and was only jusr in time to prtvent Miss Summerby from -attacking you as you lay oaconaciottR. AltssSummerby had snatched a cnlfe from a drawer. You know the rest Filbeam managed to secure her, and called me. 1 brought ber into the padded room. She is there now.' ?? It is horrible, horrible !' naid Isabe!.' ' I am glad to think, poor soul, that my music cheered her up. If I had been kinder, perhaps she would never have iiecomgJU.' 'She took a great liking to yon,*? (aid Geoffrey. 'iUd people always strive to kill their dearest friends. I don't know bow it ii, but the fact remains. I telegraphed to Dabchick this morning; you see bia^zeply. The doctors confirm bis view of the easel She will be taken away to-night —taken away to an asylum, there to end ber d»ja. .Ska has been good, H'^j mercifiil to -hi-i*^ around her, and yet in her old age there is no mercy shown to her. She must go. Heaven watch over* and comfort her, for ehe has comforted many.' He spoke very solemnly. It was easy to see that he was deeply moved. ?'And^your* asked IsabeL 'what wOl I-' ir he said. ?? Oh, don't think of me at such a time as thL-. I shall go abroad to the Diamond Fields. I have a chum cnt there who has often urged me to do so. I had already written to Dabobiek to aay that he must rind aomeode to tepltce me, .and that he has no right to expose you to any risks* I was only waiting ontil you had learned .the truth, to aez how vou wonld take it, and then I was prepared lo go.' . . . ? ' You were ever thoughtful of my happi ness,' said Isabel, ia faltering tones. 'I seem to have known you all my life. I ? I cannot bear to think of your going forth into the world like that. And I owe my life to yon also. What can I give you in return !' 'Dear,' be said softly, '1 fear 1 have learned to love you more than anyone else. But now I h.ve no right to*peak.' And he turned away. - - 'Stop,' said Isabel, placing her hand upon hi* coat. 'Stop, you iiave already «aid too much, or ? ' She hesitated. 'Or what?'1 'Not enough.' ^-. He took her hands in his. ' liave a confession to make, and -and to ail your forgiveness.' 'Wait until yon hare 'heard my story,' said IsabeL 'Do you know that I was depised and rejected by my lover becsnae.1 hai no money ? That be taught me lo love him, and then, when all (heworld expected bim to speak, he went away in silence,' ' I know all about it,' he aaid. ?? I beard the story from D*bcbiek. That was why I bine-whipped Deep, and made him apeak out under a penalty of another thrashing.' 'Yoo did that V she asked. 'You horse whipped him and then sent him to propose to me. Why?' r * 'Because I could see that yoo had loved him, and I wished to knotf for myself whether you stni did so. That was why?' Wai tiut nil V* , ^^- ? ' No,' coming a step nearer to her. ' it u not alL I loved you. myself Irom the first ''?Iwj'. Icouldseethatyonhad received a shock. When I fonnd out what it was I resolved to help yon. Deep should ?F^c^rou made yoor choice, and ' S° ?oc knotr wbi' I did so i'1 she asked. ' Because,' she said, excitedlv. 'I tmn* ont for myself the iSerence between the false and the true. I came here wretched, heart-broken, too poor in self respect to lift ray head. You watched over me, healed mv wounds so gently and nuotatrusivelf , that I God that he had opened my eyes in time, and aUo thanked him '-her voice' sank to a low. sweet whisper—' for— for you.' Geoffreys hand shook a little as he lifted it from tbe back of the chair. ' To-morrow we go our diverse -ways.' hearFwln'ne'w^Jo'uo^!^''11'1''^ ' ^'f1 'f™ to -»!? it.' he said. fagtt«j|n God's own time that morrow will And so the House on the Hill cave no its secret in the silvery moonlight. OnstrZiy «ore or tea, -what did it matter? Siaon! love, We, dMtb were only putlog rAuarf the pigmies who sought shelter within its1 ' ' ancient mils* Otfaen woolo* cone and pass away like sunlight on the water, and this ancunt home remain. Let (hem go ! ( n-e End ) ? 