Tin' Bfnmilcil House. ! 'J'iik rusty gate hangs on its broken hasp, ^ Tliu ivy's (jri en i-uibiaee the only clasp, i ^ huotily brniih that breathes is deep decay | UmihI t.g uhovc the spot from day to day. The yoU'lrcea (wiuc lluir arms about iho bowers Once chosen homo of boauteous mingled flowers. .The green ferns droop above the darkened well, The nightingale alone invokes the spell. Hie «undiat, overthrown, lies on (he lawn, And never more shall mark the rising duwa. The daisy and the piimroac from the gross Forget the aouml of gliding feet that pass. The broken marble fountain throws uo stream Of dewdtops <*n the Ullies' waxen gleam. Choked is the pool with vegetation rank ; Hoarse croak the frogs from out the green weeds dank ; Only the wild-birds ofttimes come to driuk Their morning sip of nectar ftom its brink. The ringdove builds her airy palace near, And coos her love-song to uo listening car. The throstle now alone awakes the ro&c;, WboBe wild thrown sprays aloft the south wind blows. No shutters close the staring windows' eyes ; Their sightless orbs look out to meet the skies, No living foot treads o'er that stleut floor; No human hand throws open wide tho door ; No fi(ful firelight banishes llie light. No shadows dance upon tho parlour wall, Throwiug reflections, weird And grim and tall. Only tbe gray shades of the departed, Ouly the pale ghosts of the true-hearted, Hover aoon about the closed dour. iu uiute remembrance of the days of yore. Through summer's suuny days aud dusky nights, Through all prolific Nature'e deep delights, 'Mhl all the desolation, listless roam The shades of those who knew the place as home; And down the cedar»walk a lady glides A velvet hood her dainty beauty bides, The talin hoop her tiny feet reveals As through the rustling leaves shp silent etoals; Aud all ttdown the deep mysterious glade The moonbeams fliokor through, aud softly fade. A youth is strolling softly by her side, the dreamy shades their lingering kisses hide; Aud through the bushes gleam a pair of eyes, Add muffled figures from the shadows rise. i A point of steel has vanlahed in her breast- : Her stifled ory and breathing are at rest. When Winter's icy grip of crystal frost, I When song of bird aud ruuntng stream are | lost. When every herb and leaf and fruit and flower Slumbers, to gain anew their magic power, Then empty echoing silence reigos supreme ; No more the sadayed ghouily foims are seen. 'Tis only with the waking touch of Spring, When all the woods and fluty voices ring, That sleuder shades creep round the home oooe more, i That stealthy footsteps falter o'er the floor, I And scare the living from the mournful scene 1 Of former joys, and what th»y might have i been. ' They suy a cuise hangs o'er the old homestead; Hencc creeps the biudwood o'er the lilies dead, The gray i»os« clothes the huary apple spray, And all things speak of ruiu aud decay. I'erchauce if some pure spirit from the skies Would looso a tear of pity from ber eyes, Twould Iny the tireless shades of dark despair That through the summer, earth -humid, linger ; there. Theu ouce agaiu might girlish voices sing, Aud happy chimes of cliildrcu'd laughter ring, Aud love**' whispers murmur deep delights Through summer days and silent starry uigbt*. -VJOLET TWUUDALU, iu Chamber)'*. 