THE NOVELIST. A TRYING ORDEAL. CHAPTER XIV. As mournful a task as nny in this sail weary world fell now to Nornh Cashed — the task of watching, through the long hours of tho day, in a sick room, through the longer hours of tho silent night, by tho heil-smo of a dying child. She foil quite naturally into the posi tion of nurse, and maintained her post unchallenged and unquestioned. Mrs- Sabine, who alio had thought might oppose her undertaking this duty, never nftcr one hurried visit, oven came near tho nursery, and, never either raised any objeetion to her companion's non-attend ance on herself, or gave any hint of expecting her presence. So Norali, finding thut she was thus left to do as she liked, quietly took her place by the littlo crib, resolving to keep Hint position until tho end came. Rut not alone. For four days Una had hardly left tho room, had never once lain down, and had slept, if indeed she slept at all, only ns she crouched down by tlio littlo bed. And at tho end of these four days Nornh know that, beforo the setting of another sun, hor task of svnteh- ing and waiting for tho grim Guest would ho over. The Doctor had plainly told her as , !. r J-'Ty custom, she ',.(! i u .1 . i to tho liall to .... >-. regarding his .. .; ihm had not ;V ...-tainty of tho ; I..,. .., with dull des- , pah-, piickly ns aho stood upon tiio rug iiufuio tho hall-firo. Tho Doctor had gono to Sir Amyrald'a room in the north-wing. His visits there wore usually short, and presently Nornh heard lum open tho heavy iron-studded door, and walk sharply across tho stone hall, letting himsplf out. Up in the nursery, back to which she must go directly, Norah know that she dared show no emotion no matter what she felt, so, suddenly dropping upon her knees in the firelight, with her hands clasped over her eyes, aho sobbed heartily, giving vont to hor Horroiv, A deserted and desolate feeling lind seized Norah, in addition to her grief for tho dying littlo ono up-stairs. She had only that morning received letters from Mcrrion Square — a wondering und mildly- reproachful ono from her uncle, an cagorly-curioua ono from tho girls, and a wrathfully-con- tomptuous one from her nunt — letters which all bore the samo burden. Why had she, penniless and alone in the world as alio was, thus capriciously broken oflf hor cngagincnt with so promising, rising, nnd desirable a man as Gcorgio Sintram. What could have possessed hor 1 chorused her cousins. Was she sure she was acting thus for tho best! her uncle gently queried. Was she mad. Mrs. Molyncux indignantly demanded. In hor usual statu of health and spirits Norah would liavo found in theso effusions niorely something to inugh at and answer mora or less saucily — now tlioy added to her grief nnd depression. They hnd all flung her ofF — all, tho girl thought desolately ; they wcro ono nnd all displeased with her, and felt coldly townrds hor. She had nover before felt herself to bo so solitary and friendless. Whoro could she go if things so fell out tlint she loft Castlo Kit- clicuorn. There would bo no welcomo for her in Mcrrion Square — Mrs. Molynoux, if sho had not positively said as much, had hinted it pretty plainly. And who could tell how long sho might bo at Kil- clionora now — tho sad old house, whoro death had marked down two victims at this vert" hour. Don't cry like tliat — pray don't. I car. t bear to see you do it. Norah started, nnd made a violent effort to subduo her sobs. Redmond's voice, speaking so suddenly kesido her, and with such gravo concern in its tones, had startled her. Diying her eyes, sho began to try to stammer excuses. ' I bog your pardon,' she said. I — I — am not often so foolish. But I ain tired and nervous, nnd Doctor Driscoil has been telling me ' She broko off, unable to finish tho sentence. ' You aro mora than tired,' ho said — 'you aro worn out. You tako no sleep nnd givo yourself no rest. I should say Hint wo wcro letting you do too much if I did not know that you would rather have your own way.' 1 hen he added in a different tone. ' What has Driscoil been telling you.' 1 That littlo Molly is dying,' said Norah in a choked voice. 1 He says that it is hardly possible for her to live — she will bo gone hy this timo to-morrow.' ' Ho told mo the samo. Poor child — poor little tiling.' 'It is dreadful I' said the girl huskily. 'Sucli a baby — such a little, pretty, loving tiling. It seems unnatural, oome- how, that sho should die so young — cruel.' ' Don't say that,' said Redmond very gently. In his eager desire to sootlio and console her if ho could, lie came ncaror to her, wincing at tho sight of her passionate uncontrollable grief — for, in spite of hor oilbrts to bo calm, her sobs had broken out again. 'Don't say that. Lifo is often more cruel than death, and it must liavo been specially so for Iter.' 'Why should that hot' Norah aaked involuntarily, opening her eyes widely. ' It must have liccn so,' lie said hastily. ' Even more so than it is for — many of us. Which amongst us can toll what unhappincss sho escapes by dying thus innocent and young. Which of us, if (ho raising of a hand would suvo her life, would lift it. Cruel. Yes— it seems cruel, but it is best— best.' Norah although she could not agree with his conclusion, felt that something inexpressibly sad underlay his earnest words. Redmond did not speak again,' nor did sho, until she had dried her eyes and regained something of her ordinary composure. Then sho asked, half doubt-: fully— ' Docs Mrs. Sahino know.' ' Not yet.' 'But bIio must expect to hear, of courso,' said tho girl, doubtfully still. ' It' : cannot shock her much. Wo have ox-; pocted it. Shall I toll her. Ought I, do you think.' 'No,' ho answered promptly. 'Why should you bo distressed by that duty. You do too ujuph for us already. J will fall her.' 'Thank you,' said Norah, genuinely grateful, for she had dreaded tho task of imparting the and news to Mrs. Sabine, then added, looking at- Rodinond with an awed expression, ' But Una. How shall I tell Una.' 'Doesn't alio know V tho young man asked looking away. ' Oil, I can't tell !' Norah cried, wring ing Iter hands in keen distress. ' I can't really toll. Sho lias satd from the first; that tho child was dying — tha< sho' wait' Miro thut sho would die ; but I don't think she really bolieves it — I'm sure sho doesn't ; I know she clings to hopo- still.' Poor soul 1' ho said compassionately. ' Poor woman !' Thero was such a depth of pitying tenderness in his tone that the tears nearly started to tho girl's cyos again. It was good of him to speak like that, she thought, when sho know that ho did not like Una. 'Don't tell hor,' ho Baid. 'Let hor hope a littlo longer, if sho can. It can do her no harm.' 'I won't tell hor uuless sho makes me,' Nora returned, hesitating, for she know how intensely eager and anxious Una's questions always were. ' I'll go back to her now ; she will wonder at my staying so long. But, beforo I go, let me ask you how ih Sir Ainyrald to day.' ' Sinking fast,' Redmond returned briefly. 'You don't mean dying 1' cried tho girl with a gasp. ' Yes ; ho too will not bo hero to morrow.' He turned away, and in a moment tho heavy door of tho north wing had clanged behind him. Norah did not resent or wonder at his abruptness in thus leaving her. Sho had heard tho pnssiunato sob which made his chest heavo. Its ang uish seemed to tear and rend her own breast. Sho was sobbing again as sho ran up-stairs. Her grief for Molly, her pity for Una, her sorrow for Sir Amyrald, wero all swallowed up in her pity for hia pain. Sho did not daro re-enter tho nursery until she iiad bathed Iter swollen eyes, smoothed her rulilcd hair, nnd had be- eoino more calm and composed. And, when sho went at last into tho sick-room, she was trembling in fear of Una's ques tion, nnd thankful that tho deepening twilight of the siiort winter afternoon hid her tear-stained face. ' How long you havo been 1' Una spoke in a whisper as sho came swiftly forwnrd from her post beside the crib, nnd from tlint tho girl know that Molly slept. ' What docs ho say — that Doctor. Any thing now.' ' No,' Nora stammered. ' Much what he has said before.'' This, at least, was not untrue, sho thought. ' Bah P Una cried impatiently, and still in a repressed voice. Ho knows nothing— that old man. I hate him She is better, Norah — I am sure she is better. She is quieter and cooler — her breathing is easier. She will live yet, in spite of them all.' ' Is she asleep f Norah asked gently. Yes, soundly — tlio quietest deopest sleep she lms had all though her illness.! 'Then try to rest yourself, Una,' tho girl said coaxingly. ' Do, dear. Think. You have not really slept since Molly has been ill. You will break down just when sho wants you most. I will watch her, and call you if hIio wants you. Try to sleep until sho wakes.' 'I can't — I can't!' Una raised her hand to her throat. ' This house chokes, me, Norah !' sho said hoarsely. ' Its atmos- spliero seems to stop my breath. There is something deadly in it, I think. I have had this horrible feeling upon mo all day and it grows stronger and stronger.' ' You want rest— you aro worn out,' Norah said pityingly, glancing up into tlio wild, haggard, yet beautiful faco. ' Kest, child, l never rest 1 L na Iiad dropped upon one kueo before tho fire ; now she sprang to her feet again abruptly. 1 1 must go out, Norah,1 she said ; ' it is stormy enough— listen. Forhapstlic wind will drive this awful feeling away. If I cannot atop it, I shall bo mad before morning myaelf, I think.' Norah would havo remonstrated, heg- ging her not to face tho wild wet night, hut that oven while sho spoke Una had snatched up a largo shawl and, throwing it over her head and shoulders was gone. Half frightened, the girl run out of the room after her, intending to beg her to come back ; but so rapid luul been Una's movements that, on reaching tho corridor, Norah found it empty. Obeying her first impulse, she ran to tho lofty window that lighted tho passage and looked out eagerly. For several minutes sho stood there, straining her eyes ; but no sign of Una could she see, although the white shawl would havo rendered her a conspicuous object. Perhaps sho had not gouo out nftcr all, tho girl thought, rclioved, and nnd was turning away, when something below attracted her attention. Very faint, very indistinct and shadowy, but surely, beyond the sweep of gravel which divided the neglected terrace-gardens from the park, there was a figure creep ing away among the thick trees. And it was not Una, No — tlio figuro was that of a man ; and Nornh drew liack from the window suddenly, a shiver running through her as she realised who it must be. Surely thero was but ono man who would thus wander in tho park at Kil- chcnora at sucli an hour, and that was Desmond of Fintrogh. Tho girl went back to tho nursery and crouched down by tlio blazing fire, feeling cold still. Molly slept on. Norah's own oyelids presently began to droop drowsily in another moment sho would havo slept as sho knelt, sc fatigued was alio from grief and watching, when sho heard out- Hido tho door a noise that caused her to spring swiftly to tier feet as Una, her dress disordered, tho shawl gono from her head, and her hair streaming wildly, rushed into tho room. In her whole attitude and expression, in hor deathly-whito face and dilated ri, in tho clutch of hor icy hands upon girl's shoulders, thero wcro a horror such as words could not describe. She tried to speak, but no words como from her trembling lips. Sho uttered a stifled, inarticulate, moaning cry, and fell upon her knees, grasping tho girl's hands and hiding her shuddering faco upon thorn. Una!' Norah cried, recovering from her own momentary fear, and bending over her. 'What is it.. What has frightened you. Tell me what it is.' ' ghost, Norali— » gliojt I' 8ko gut- ped out the words, and raised her terrified faco, her big brilliant eyes staring wildly. A ghost, Nornh — I havo soon a ghost.' 1 No, no ' Norah resolutely repressed tho superstitious shiver that ran through hor — sho even tried to smilo. ' Dear Una, you aro upset, nervous, ovor-tired. You aro fnnciful, and you liavo fancied it. Some shadow deceived you,' sho said soothingly — ' nothing more, I am sure. Ghosts belong only to Moya'a fairy- tales. What did you think that you saw.' ' Listen, Norali,' Una saidi-still crouch ing upon tho floor nnd holding tlio girl's hands. ' I went to tho glado whore tho gravo is— you know, it, you have seen it onco. Something dragged mo through tho wind nnd rain ; there was a voico tlint called me. There was a hand on nino, I tell you, and it draw me whither it would. I could not turn back ; there wero demons in tho storm, and thoy drive mo on. They drove me on till I stood closo by it, till I saw the gleam of the water beyond1; and there Norali — there, closo beside it, looking down at it, I saw him standing— a ghost beside -his own open gave !' A ciy of terror rang out through tho room as Una fell upon tlio floor inscn-' sible. llcsterotivos wcro brought and applied, but it was long before alio recovered from her swoon and . opened her eyes. Even then she refused," by peremptory look and gesture rather than by words, to bo token to her own room, so sho was left lymg upon tho couch, whcroshcfell into a realor simulated sleep. Little Molly slumbered still, and Moya was sitting watching hor. Norah, knowing that aho would not bo missed or wanted for a few moments, stole stoftly out of tho room and ran down into tho hall. Sho had hoped that sho might find Redmond there, hut, glancing round, she saw that the hall was empty. Probably ho was with Sir. Amyrald, sho thought, and sho hesitated to disturb him. The appcaranco from a passago leading to tho kitchen of tho tail gaunt figure of tlio housekeeper Ellen was quite a relief to her. ' Can you tell mo whero Mr. Redmond is V bIio asked. ' With Sir Amyrald, miss,' responded Ellen shortly. ' Then, if you nro going to Sir Amyrald's room, will you say that I want to speak to hint for a moment t It is important.' Ellen signified that she would do so, and, opening the great door, stalked into Sir Amyrald's apartments. A moment later tho door open again, and Rodinond entered the hail. 'What is it!' ho asked, taking Novell's hand and holding it. ' Is anything tlio matter 1 Is Molly worse 1' No,' Norah faltered ; 1 it isn't Molly. But I am puzzled about soraothing — troubled about it— and I thought I ought to tell you.' 1 It is something serious I sea,' ho said gravely, looking at her intently. ' What troubles you V 'This. Is there any reason why Una should be frightened lit ' Sho broke oil. 'Should bo frightened at whom— at what I' 'Afraid of Desmond of Fintragh 1' ' Why do you ask tliat 1 What do you meanl' Redmond asked the questions hurriedly, nnd ids grasp tightened upon tho girl's hand. ' Sho went out into tho park about on hour ago,' Norah faltered, 'and, when 1 looked out of tho widow a few moments aftowards, I am quite sura that I saw that man Desmond of Fintragh stealing away among tho trees.' ' Very likely. What of it 1 " Did Una meet him 1' ' I don't know — I can't understand it. In a littlo while sho came flying in, terrified, crying out that she had soon a ghost. ' A ghost I1 ' Yes 1 alio seemed to havo been down to the water in tlio park, and there she cried out that sho hod scon a ghost standing — a ghost beside his own grave.' Norah stood looking about hor in bewilderment, for, with an inarticulate exclamation, Redmond dashed across to the sida door, toro it open, and, hatlcss, rushed out into tho driving rain and wind. CHAPTER XV. The hours of the nig lit wore away ; tho storm, dying in low muttcrings and rumblings, had ceased at lost. Tho faint pale light of the wintry morning crept up tlio eastern sky, dispersing tho black night shadows which hod brooded over Castlo Kilciienorn, and, at length grow ing strong and bright, roused tlio grim shades altogether. But the daylight did not find tho old house as usual silent and tranquil, slumbering still. All night thero had boon mnvintr in ami frn. flift.imr lights shining fitfully through tho narrow windows, stops hastening up and down the stairs anil weeping ; within the gray old walls palo faces had grown paler ns tlioy waited and watched. For Death had. swooped down upon ono of his victims, and was waiting for tlio next. All night long Nornh hnd wntchcd by little Molly's crib, hearing tho breath grow shorter and more feeble, seeing a more ghastly shodo steal ovor tho tiny face, and all night Una, with haggard despairing eyes, which never for a moment shifted their gaze, hod knelt there speech less and motionless. Now, as tho morn ing light grow stronger, paling the flicker ing candles, the end was very near. A message had been sent to Mrs. Sabine, nnd sho had como in, pallid and fcar- strickon, and formed ono of tlio group which stood around tho littlo bed. But now by common consent, thoy had all drawn bock, leaving Mrs. Sabine bending over the dying child. Tlio door opened, and Norah mcchani- i cally raised her eyes, to meet' Redmond's as he came quietly forward and stood by her. Sho saw that he was deathly pale, that his clothes wero drenched, and, recalling when and how she had soon him lost, wondered dully if he had been out all night in the storm. Sho had no words. , with which to greet him, and he glanced across to the crib. Norah saw a swift 1 look of mingled pity and comprehension come into his face. 'Does she knowl' he asked her iu a whisder. Norah knew to whom tha words re ferred.' Not to Mrs. Sabine, who had , sunk down into a great chair, and was wooing softly, with her httqdhncbici pressed to hco eyes, but to Una. Sho wliisporcd back — 'I don't know. I think sho must. You seol' Yes — that is nearly over. Should I, do you thiuk, do any good by going for Driscoil again 1' ' Nono. What good could it do ? Recollect what lia said to-day.' Neither spoko again. Tho light out side tlio windows grow brighter ; a candle hissed and spluttered ns it sank down and died out. There was no sound but the ticking of tho clock and Mrs. Sabino's audible sobs. Suddenly tho child stirred, struggled, strove to sit up, tho groat black eyas opening widely. All moved forward quickly to tho crib ; hut Una was first, nnd it was her arms that tenderly raised tho littlo form and pillowed it upon her breast, hor voico that choked back its sobs that it might murmur the fond words of love and potting which hod never failed the littlo ouo yet. ' What is it, Molly dear!' sho whispered, smoothing back tlio tangled golden hair, pillowing tlio little head upon hor breast. ' What is it, my bird 1' ' Mamma,' murmured tho child faintly, looking into tho face bonding ovor hor, hor eyes already becoming dim. ' Mam ma,' sho repeated, with a movement as though sho would raiso herself upon tho arm that sustained her — ' mamma !' ' Sho is calling mc,' Mra. Sahino ex claimed, advancing qtiickiy- ' No,' Una cried aloud, and with a wild gesture flung her oil', and, facing them all, clasped tho littlo form nioro closely to her bosom — ' no. I am hor mother — robbed of her from tho very hour of her biith until this of her death. You stolo hor from mo living — to share your accursed pride. She is my child, and through her, overy moment since sho was born you havo stabbed and pierced this wretched heart of mine, and tortured it through tho only human feeling left to it ; but I will claim hor now. Sho is my child, and the whole world would, not tako her from me — her mother !' . ' Her defiant voico chnnged and softened into ono of utter tenderness, her clasp loosened a littlo as she bent hor head ovor tho frail little creature alio hold. 'Your mother, my Molly — your mother, my darling. Oh, Heaven, she doesn't hear — it's death. She's leaving mo. Spoik to me, my littlo ono— my baby. Speak to me.' (to be coxrixuKii.) 