CAMELS IN QUEENSLAND. Recently, owing to the severity oí ih< Beason in the south-west portion of the col ony, it has been found necessary to Msori to camels in order to get wool Away fron and supplies out to distant stations. Thii provoked an outcry,from the ordinary car riers in Cunnamulla and Thargomindah. A correspondent in this issue shows haw base less this is. Our correspondent speak.' from a lengthened experience, for he goe* back thirty-one years in order ibo tell off hil Crst acquaintance with camels, llut start ing from that now distant date and com jng down right to the present day ha show that in no case have camels ever been a rival to the teamster. Camels arc nevci resorted to except in times of - groat drought, when the roads aTe closed to every other kind of carriage. Immediately the season breaks and the roads are open the camels are at once driven oft* by the teams. And our correspondent shows why. Camels carry only a small load, and this has ito be loaded and unloaded every day. The re- sult is that the goods are exposed to very much greater risk through chafing and ex- posure to thc weather than goods carried in a waggon, and which arc never toutíhed from the time they are loaded till they reach their destination. iWhen thc roads are open for teams thc camel bas ¡ not a ghost of a chance las a rival to the waggon, but when they are closed (by drought OUT correspondent very naturally asks whether the people 'living in the far interior arc to Buffer loss ^brough being unable to get their svool to market, and (privation through ^ being unable to get up supplies, simply for 1 the benefit af the carriers ! That is an extraordinary position to take up. At the last meeting of the Gregory RaiUbit Board, os Tcpoirtod in our columns, thc Board re- solved to purchase fifty camels in order to deliver the netting for thc rabbit proof fence on the ground. This netting Jud been lying for months in Winton, but owing to the season it was impossible fox teams to narry it out to thc Hine. What «vas the Board to do t Was it to wait an indefinite time till the season .broke, or was it to get Che fence erected as quickly as possible, and so protect thc country from Invasion Î The drought keeps dawn the rabbits, and if the J fence can be erected before it breaks there Ss great hope of completely excluding them from Queensland at that point. But if the mdtting is not to be moved from the rail \- tw&y; till teams can travel that means it is not to be moved till thc rabbits can travel, end long before the fence could be erected the rabbits might be well within thc lina ¡From whatever point it may lue viewed there is tío ground wîiatcvor for tine agita- tion which bas been raised against the use cf camels during drought, and at no other time does anyone even think of using them. 