SIRES FOR THE ' SEASON. [By Tub Vaohant/] Now ib tho time whon horBO-breoderir, if they are i wise, will look carefully rouud in order to find ft stallion so bred as to make tho most suitable mate for their mares. A wide range of choice may be discoveied in our business columns, where njrHp.nln.rn nro n-ivon of the miioritv of tho best blood sires in the Northern district. Mr. Frank Reynolds advertises no fowor than four horses, Splendor, Medallion, Simmer, and Sweet William, and it is certain thoy will all be woll patronised. Splendor has beon one of tho favourites sires used in the colony for several seaoonp, and bo is bred ins man ner whioh lovers of stout horecB cannot beoff liking, for he is by Speculum from Bathildo, by Stockwell from Bftbetto, by Ftiugh-a-Bftllngh. Splondor'it dam won tho Cambridgeshire, and sho threw amongst others Tomahawk (winner of tho Lincoln shire Handicap), Z inoni (who landed 13 races), and Lowland Chief, who in addition to buing himself victorious on the turf has got winnerB. Splendor bos the Payne Stakes to hia crcdit, whilBt his airo took tho Goodwopd Cup, his grand sire (Vedette) the 2000 Guineas, hia g.g. Bire (Voltigeur) the Derby and St. Leger. Medallion iB an ex tremely fine horse, dark cbeBtnut in colour, and with grey hairs on the flanks, which _ he get3 from IriBh Birdcatcher, but otherwise ho is n Musketall over. He is by Nordenfeldt (boo of Musket and Onyx, by Angler from Chrysolite, by Stockwell — Juliet), and his dam is Locket, by Thunderbolt from Keepsake, by Daniel O'Rourke from a daughter of, Hampton. Thunderbolt was regarded as tho finest horse in England in hia time, and was by Stockwell from Cordelia, by Red Doer from Emilia. Medallion's dam Locket also gave tho turf Nock laco, Thunderbolt, Bangle, Chainshot, and Necklet, all winners, whilst Thunderbolt is the most suc cessful stallion in South Australia. Medallion is quite a young hand at the stnd, but ho has pro duced Gold Medallist, (now in England), Victoria CrosB, Epaulet, Pitch and Toss, Xiro, ;Oonqueror, Legion of Honour, etc., and all hia progeny are remarkable for size and their resemblance to the horse. Simmer is a wonderfully developed specimen of the thoroughbred, and ib cerlain to be popular, as he is a member of tho famous t-t. Simon tribe which is sweeping all before it on the English turf, whilst his dam ia Dutch Oven, one of the gamest moires that ever oarried silt:. Simmer wns only imported by Mr. Reynolds last year, so is practically untried. A slight accident prevented Simmer from being trained, but he wbb given o chance with some high cIbbb roareB jutt before being shipped, ond his breeder thought great things of him. All the sons of St. Simon, given opportunity, have made their mark at the stud, paiticularly on Musket mareB, and there is nothing to indicate that Simmer will fail where his relatives have done bo well. Tho laBt of the Tocal con tingent, Sweet William, is bred much on the same lines aB waa Chester, being by Vattendon from Lady Hooton (imp.), by Stockwell from Touch and G--, by TouchBtone. He isa very stoutly bred and evenly framed horse, and was a good but unlucky per former. He haB sired among others EiymaB, Luna, Plain Bill, Dodo, Theophilus, Wiliiamtown, Elton, Black Diamond, etc. Two of tho very fine tribe of tbe thoroughbred wbioh followers of Bruco Lowe's number system class as No. 1 may be found at Neotsfield at the service of breeders. I allude to Positano (imp.) and Gibraltar, two really magnificent horses, although of totally dissimilar types. The English stnllion is a dark bay with a little whito on head and lege, showing great power everywhere and with fine bone and Bubstance. He is by the orack sire of England, St. Simon— whose picture he resembles considerably — and it ia almost needless to write that he was by Galopin, a great racehorse and a great stud horae, who had four crosses of. the stout Blacklock blood, which has come to the fore in all countrieB in recent years. Ponza (dam of Positano) was a much valued maro in the old country, and was by Stock wpII'b grandson Springfield from Napoli, by Macaroni from„;Sunshine, by Thormanby, etc. Under silk Positano was a good but unlucky performer, and among his victories would certainly have been included the Melbourne Cup had that event been run at the end of the meeting, when he had gal loped himself into condition, instead of at the com mencement of it, when he was much above himself. Fine horBe though Positano is, I doubt if he was ever as good as his mate atNeotsfield, Gibraltar, or whether Mr. R. H. Dangar does not prefer rbo colonial chestnut to the imported bay. Gibraltar is an immense horse in every respect, standing well over 17 hands and being proportionately stout, although he is never pampered. He should never have been trained as a youngster ; for he was a long time growing and was so very heavy that ho could not be sent along aa his trniner liked ; but before his career came to an untimely end ho puc ceeded in winning the A.J.C. Derby and First Foal Stakes when half well. Nieriker. the well-known jockey, has repeatedly told me that ho wai the best colt he ever crossed and the gamest he ever rode. He is by the defunct Grandmaster from Algeria (imp.), by Blinkhoolie (son of Rataplan), by The Baron from Adrastia, by St. Albans (son of Stockwell, by The Baron) from NemisiB, by NewminBter, by TouchBtone. Grandmaster was by Gladiateur (grand son of The Baron) from Ceiorimn, by Stock well, and so on to Pasquinade, siBtor to Touchstone, so that the pedigrae iB a very pretty one. Algeria was a remarkably fine mare, as in, addition to Gibraltar Bhe gave the thrf Queensherry, Algerian, etc. Several of Gibraltar's stock have won raceB, and^he never failB.to endow his progeny with Bize, quality and character. Mr. Dangar hag put Gibraltar on Arab and other graded mares with the most satisfactory resulted Nearer home than Singleton, at Ducbenfield to wit, Eirideford and Corinth are advertised for the fesson by Mr. Robert Frost. Eiridsford in an imported horse by Isonomy (sire of Isinglass, Common, JanisBary, Gallinule, eto.,) out of Sonsio Queen (dam of ABterie, Blue Peter, etc.), by Musket from Highland LaoBie, by Stookwell trom Glen gowrie, by Touchstone, a pedigree that Bhould be atout enough for all purposes. In ? England Eiridsford won the Epsom Grand Priz», Newmarket Derby and Liverpool St. Leger, whilat in the colonies his reputation has been well sustained by HymcttuB (winner of tho Caulfield Cup), flhnllenge, EiridBforde, Miraculum, Viking, E^ypr, and others. Corinth is by St. Albans,— who threw so many great performere— from Modea (dam of Blink Bonny, by Peter WilkinB from Blink Bonny, by Conrad (imp.), and bo on. Corinth han in hiB brief time at the stud, Bired Themia, Corinthian, and Leponto, all winners, and he ia described aa Btanding 1G-1 un remarkably sound bone. Some local breeders may think' Mertsn, Denman, a long way to go to patroniso a blood stallion, but the sensible man will willingly look afar for a horse whoso lines suit hiB mares, and it Bhould be remem bered that the Railway Commissioners have re cently made considerable concessions . to stock owners in the way- of carrying brood mareB at greatly re-iucpd rates. Mr. E. R. White keeps three aristocratically bred stallions at Merton. To eommonco with thero iB'Duliueny (imp.), a No, 5 according to Lowe's figures and a splendidly developed, musculine gentleman who haB greatly distinguished himself on the turf. Ho iB by the American-bred Fcxhall (winner of the Cesare witeh, Cambridgeshire, Ascot Gold Cub, Grand Prix tie Paris, and other races), by King Alfonso from Jamnica, daughter of tbat great horso Lexing ton, from Fanny Ludlow, by Eclipse, son of Orlando. Dalmeny'a dam Bagdad, was by Cnmoliard. (son of Creinornc — Lynette, hy Lord Lyon) out of Louise a great performer, by MarByaB out of Seclusion, dam of Hermit. Dalmony haB five strains of Black lock, two of Birdcatcher, six of Touchstone, four of Glencoe (iiire of Pocahontas), eleven strains or crosseB of Whalebone, five strains of Whalebone's brother Whisker, one of another brother (W«xv Pope) ; and Glencoe, Bay Middleton, Lord Lyon Varnla m, all trace back to sisters of Whul'obone' which makes Dalmeny very strong in Whalebone blood. When gallant old Chester gave lip the ghost he left a replica of himself in Mr. White's Prince GheBtor, who is more like the old horso than any other of his pro geny. Prince Chester is own brother to Cran brook, who haa shown hiB ability to get racehorses being out of L* Princaass (imp.), by Cathedral («on of NewminEter from a daughter of Melbourne) out of Princess of Wales, by Stockwell from The Bloomer, by Melbourne, etc. Princess oj -Wnlm wbb also the dam of Victor Wild's sire Albert Victor, George Frederick (Derby winner), and Louise Victoria, and sho waa the gratid-d'am rf Acmc. Prince Chester is also brother to Kirklaui who was Bont to .England to win the Derby anrt who has sired several winners there, whilst, he' ia a descendant of Kite, from whom' also Rprau' Golds brough, BoHqsod Crusoe, Orlrmdo, Lnpidist, Tbo Hook, otc. Mr. Whitu'n third atnllion is lvingslry, by Sterling from Ilyputia, by Lecturer from RoBary, by Surplico from Swectbriir, by Coningsby frotn Marie, etc. Sterling ivas one of the greatest gallopers England ev^r possessed, nnd ho bpgot iBonoin.v, Metal, Electric Light (Bi.l of Portland's dam), Lady Ynrdley (d in of Cantor), e'i\, so that. ICingBloy is a mOBt fashionably bred t--lIow. He is rather small but very symmetrically turned and muscular, on good bone, shoit logs, with plsnty of depth, and haB a lovely head Htid rein. Ue ia a member of the No. 5 family. Mr. White han just received an application from Wu|-gn, Wtigga to book a truck load of mares from there to hia beiuiWu' Sterling horse, whose licit is rapidly filling up with real plump. Thn paddocks oc Morton are kneo deep in the best grasses, and Mr. Whito, who ia a great; student of tho Stud Bjek, never overdoes his atallioi a. Thero havo beon but few better boracs in Aub trolio than Jeweller, and how if waB that, tho great banginp, long-striding brr.wn did not. a-ld cither tho Caulfield Or Melbourne Cups to lm triumphs in tho Williainstown and Summer Oupn wilt never coaso to be a matter for wonder among those who knew him best. Nevertheless ho has fourteen victorioB to hia credit, and his win in Wil liamatiwn Cup was achieved after he bad literally fallen down, whilst when he won tho Summer Cup | ho had 9.it. 51b. in the saddle. The beat of hia progeny ao far ia Town Clock, who hns won tbe Adelaide Cup among many otuer event', and is greatly fancied for the Caulfield Cop. Jeweller iB by Splendor from Souvenir, by lOilpip — Spleudor haB got nil his best from r utiicn -vith Kelpie mareB — out of Ludy Hilda by Lsrd of the l--les frcm Rigolbocho (dam of Cremon»), by lla!;*|.lan from Skirmisher's dam. Mr. Frank R-ynold» uavo 1000 guineas tor Lady Hilda, and he considered the money well spent, although toe family did not livo long owing to various accidents. livelier is a No. 5\. Mr. Hooko nlwaya tried to impress upon me thot his other horse, True Blue (No. 2), by the Musket horse Hotchkisc, ivhcHe progeny ar« doing so brilliantly in New Zealand just now, from Hose of Wellington, by St. Leger, waa a bolter rncehorse than Jeweller, and it must, not be forgotten that ho has tho Currington Stakeo, tho Woverley Handicap (9it. 91b.), ond other long races to his credit, and that he is full brother to Screw Gtin, one of the best performers in Maoriland. True Blue is untried na a Bire, but such a magnificent specimen of the thoroughbred can Bcarcely fail to got racehorses. Those who have a leaning towardR tho hardy Arab will find a rare Bhaped ono in Emir, who is Btonding at Mr. D. Lawreuce'fl place at Rouchel. Emir is whito in colour, a wouderfully hnrdy, active port, and was imported from a renowned btud in Arabia. 