' THE KENTUCKY GIRL'. tW.n.U.i IN "BLACKWOOD'S MAGAZINE." The modest: corps wns honored in a roaring parttmr toast, > i . Tlie .ci ty , blazed - wi th . bunting, and cheered' its "i-'flghting host, : v a; girl . in Old Kentucky > was. as pallid as a . ghost, or Olioate Ulysses Olioodle was the Colonel. AVhen the special correspondents vowed she needn't harbor fears, > She smiled so very sweetly, but she smiled through falling tears; v ' ; . . . : tSbe; leaned /upon the- neck and breathed her love into the ears . Of-Ohoate Ulysses Clioodle, who was Colonel. The corp9 sailed southern waters till they reached' S Manlle Bay; . - -.v They carried guns' and suasion in the daslilng ; Yankee way;- .,' They argued with the brown man, but ho always said them. 4,nay,'V " , Tliougli able Jawyer Ohoodle'was the Colonel. The brown man kicked at suasion, chipped away to gulch and cave, He: showed his wildcat daring by the way he slushed and drave; -v. < ; ' They called him liaU a heathen,: but they held tho rogue was brave, ' And so vowed Choatc Ulysses, U.S. Colonel: They 'judged the job was toughish,, and the fever fired their blood; V" The ague followed after, and they found it far from good; ' , And many a grave curved greenly- where a soldier once had stood i « .. . - lyiOlioate Ulysses Ohoodle, who was .Colonel.' Tlie morning mists were choking, and thc focmen bold and deep; , They leaped <to charge like lions,' or they fell away like sheep , ' To where an unbuscade was fixed by sinuous paths and steep, v - . For all. their white invaders, with : .their ' Colonel.- '.I'".".': :> Tlie brown men, dodged and twisted, charged and ran, and came again; < The bullets pinged 'and whistled liked a rushing . . Orient rain, And one of them plugged hotly in ; the centre of the brain " ; ; v \ Of Choate Ulysses Ohoodlc, gallant Colonel.; The fair- Kcntucky'damBel was of wondrous pluck and grit, : ' She made no public waitings, , though lier heart . was sorely hit; ' She tumbled dead at . typing, for her soul was winged to Hit And' join -her Clioate -Ulysses, who was Colonel. . v 