PREMIER BED'S OVERDRAFT. (Fron the Btdlelin.) An unsavory little row, with mnd and personalities in it, which broke out. last Week in N.S.W. Assembly, centred to a great extent round Premier Beid's overd- aft. G. H. Reid, like most Aus tralasian Premiers, has an overdraft; or perhaps it would be safer to say that he has an_ overdraft and most other Australasian Premiers badly want to have one. And G. If. Beid's assets are unhappily so very weak security for any kind of an overdraft that the charge of ut>ing corrupt political de vices to get the money came along almost as a matter of coarse. Nobody listened to the charge in a serious spirit, and there was no evidence worth calling snch behind it, and the muddy little row dropped again very unobtrusively. But members gained at least one item of information out of it. They learned that Premier Eeid was in debt when, he took office; that bis overdraft has been growing ever since; and that he apparently looks at the liability with a despairing eye, and doesn't know what on earth to do wiih it. Of course nobody who knows any. thing of political life expected for a moment that Premier Reid wouldn't have an overdraft if he could get one. Political salaries in Australia are so poor and squalid that almost all public men- end in something approaching beggary. What a procession of ghosts in rags they make! Think of a few in recent years: John Robertson, overwhelmed with debt and dying in solvent, even the charitable grant made him by Parliament having gone as a sop to his creditors! Farkes, pursued by duns and baili&s;, and dying worth about 5s. in cash ! Vogel, living in his last years on a sinecure billet at £300 a year found for him by the Maoriland Government, and worth about £50 all told when he went where the good Jews go ! Berry, sub sisting on an annuity reluctantly sup plied to him by the Turner Ministry —which Ministry, to its unspeakable shame, refused to arrange for the con tinuance to the wife of the almost-non agenarian statesman, if she outlived him, of the poor little monthly dale. Douglas, mouldering as a Police Magi: - trate, at Thursday Island, at the place where semi-civilisation ends and plain barbarism begins! James Munro, col lecting rents in a Melbourne suburb I Seddon, -who admits that, after his long term of office, his prirate income isn't up to the income-tax limit! Reid, with his hopeless ovei draft! Almost the only notable Australian politician of late years who wouldn't be really glad all over to find balf-a. crown in the street ia G. R. Dibbs, and he went broke when in office,, like the rest— on'y his country kindly threw him -out of the heart-breaking billet, and he had the luck to find a situation in the Savings Bank, and his old and lengthy bones now rest in a calm heaven. Bat Dibbs had such luck as comeB to few politicians. Take the cose of the ordinary poli tician—the man who isn't in office. His country gives him various sums ranging from nothing in Westralia up to £300 a year in N S.W. Subscrip. tions to charities and the like in his electorate are a practically unavoidable tax. The expense cf hiring halls wherein to periodically address his free and independent supporters; travelling expenses—those that are not covered by his free-pass—hotel expenses, small loans to stone-broke constituents, drinks for thirsty electors, extra cost of living in town if he is a country member, are all so much off his; little salary. They probably absorb half of it even in N.S.W., where tho rate is highest. If he had a billet, he almost certainly had to give it up, in order to have time for his Parliamentary duties. If jie had a business, it probably gave him up, provided he attended to his Parliamentary work conscientiously— only a man like George Turner, with a capacity for incessant labor from early morning to early -next morning, can serve two masters and serve them both reasonably well. And when the or dinary member is thrown out by , hi8 grateful country he generally finds himself beginning the world afresh, older and poorer than he was before, with his business connection or his LiTlet lost, and with this diff rence— that instead of being Smith, the rising grocer or engineer, or whatever it was, he is now only Smith, the broken'down politician. As a role he deserved' to be thrown out for' not being a hotter politician. But aIso, aa a rule, he was as good a politician as anyone could reasonably expect to hire at the price. The politician who isn't thrown out often comes to a worse end. G. H. Raid is a sample of this kind. - After a long and efficient official civil service car<er he was Called to thebarm 1879 and went into politics in 1880, with an immcusity of ambition hidden be hind a mask of fat And indifference. He spent about a dozen years as a private member and one year as a subordinate minister in a cheap and nasty Government" bofore his chance came, but he wta pursuing the Dead Sea apple of " hoffis'' all the time. Therefore he never had leisure to be a successful barrister! ' fie might never have been one in any case, but any chance that there was in that direction he sacrificed to politics. Be never even became a legal hack of any standing, and consequently small, comfortable, legal billets, such as magistracies and subordinate Judge ships and Grown Prosecutorehips, passed him by. When he was tole rably old, and had become a fixed public institution as George Reid, the unsuccessful barrister, the office which three stonebrokers—Robertson, Farkes and Dibbs—had vacated in quick suc cession came in his way; Be had £1370 a year—probably after paying bis share of the salary of the Govern, ment Whip and all the various chari table and other callB incidental to his office he bad really £800 or £900, or even less. He was expected to live in a manner more or less befitting his high office—the Premier of an impor tant province can't «ell hang out in a terrace house in Paddingtonor Waver ley. He had accumulated heavy debts while pursuing the phantom of hoffis, and he had to pay the interest on these. He grew steadily poorer; for, after all, a Premier can't live on £800 or £900 a year and yet keep up the dignity which is supposed to attach to his billet; and the last shadowy remnants of si law- practice that was never much more than a slfedow left him through want of oppor tunity to attend to it. In the ordinary course of events, hiB career should be about over now. He is growing old, not in the best of health, and haB been five years in office. The 12 Premiers who have bossed N.S.W. averaged about 3£ years each, so George Reid has had a fair inninge. And if he doesn't find a comfortable, permanent Federal or other billet his prospect is to be an unemployed old man, a broken-down politician, a decayed barrister with no practice, and too old to begin con structing one, a man with heavy debts and no income—(o put it shortly, a man who has " dropped out." The career of a successful politician is very often—much too often—some thing like this : Seven or eight years as a private member, during which period he has to neglect his business, either wholly or in great part, in order to attend^to public affairs. The net remuneration is about £150 a year at the outside. Then five or six years if office, during which time his salary posnibly runs to £900 or £1000 a year net, and about this time the last vestiges of his private business usually disappear through sheer ina bility to attei-d to it. ' And then an indefinitely prolonged old age—the period of failure at-d neglect, when it is too late to start the world afresh. This is the career of the successful politician; that of the unsuccessful one is much the same, except that the comparatively bright interval iu the middle is left out. The country irants its ablest men to run the Government. It wants to buy the very host talent it can get, for the difference to the country, in visible cash alone, between a firot-rate and a merely third-rate Premier and Treasurer, may run to a million or two during the life of one Ministry. And this is how, in N.S.W. at all eveDts, it bids for the services of the very best men : Premier (man who is supposed to nm the country) after paying proportion ot Whip's salary and other expenses inci dental to his position, say per year, at a liberal estimate ... £900 Sherifffmaxt who is responsible for hang ings) ' 750 Coroner (man who sits on dead bodies)... 750 Stipendiary Magistrate at Sydney (man who fines drnnfcs) * ... 750 District Court Judge ... 1500 Clerk of the Peace ... 750 Governor of Parlinghnrst Gaol (with quarters, fael, light, and serraot) ... 400 Chief of Police ... 920 Government Printer 80Q And so on ir.d finitely. And these men, it mnat be rfmem. icral, have life billets, subject to good behaviour,—not ajob which is liable to be cut short any day by a vote of censure or a general election. They .don't spend years and years working for next to nothing a year while climbing up to a poorly-salaried place, which may only last three months when they get there. And many, of them have pensions as well. If George Reid, when he began his Bar career 20 yean ago, had fixed his eye on a police magistracy, or a comfortable place as coroner, where he could make humorous rSn&rks; about dead bodies, or had aimed Ijeing a Clerk of Petty Sessions in a' big town, he would probably have made a larger avenge ealary th&n; he haa done by aiming at the Kigfest o&ce; in the State. And yet hlsoase u agoodone compared to that. .'b|&£ome polilici ins. -Consider Edmunff^rtrfi, whb has let a lucra ti^^tactice go to tha fcur (or xucrej; winds-of heaven while he spent -his: timeintrying to build up «n -AaBtra* lian Commonwealth. And Barton had no official salary; a great part of the time he hadn't even the scanty salary of a private ttieifcber or a private mein» ber'e free railway pass. Politics don't pay—at least for the average man tbey are not in the same street with being a coroner or manaw ger of a branch tnanrance-office. 