A Shocking Speotaole;-A Boll Y. Lion Fight. TiE good people of Roubaix, in the north of France, celebrated National Fete day recently in a peculiarly atrocious manner. The programme of amusements included a round of bull- fighting, and "a grand wind up" in the shape of an encounter bet4veen a huge lion, "Goliath," and a Spanish bull, the contestants being po.t together in a large cage. The result was most disappointing to the spectators, for Goliath, born and reared in captivity, proved a cowardly brute. He " roared splendidly," but the shouts of the bloodthirsty spectators and the mad rush of the goaded bull cowed him completely. The first encounter way decisive. The bull gored the lion's flansl terribly, and in the madness of pain Qoliath bit off' the ull's ear. But that was his only attempt at reprisals, for the next moment he was rolling on the ground, bleeding profusely and groaning with agony. -Meanwhile the bull stood with ready head waiting the lion's next movx' When it came it was a desperate agempt to get anywhere out of the ruoge of the toro's terrible horns. To do so, Goliath tried to climb the bars of the cage, and as he rose the bull charged again, driving his horns into the hapless lion's mouth. The wot?nded brute bit savagely on the horn and scored the bull's thick neck with a blow of his paw, but it was a igsi effort, for as the bull drew off or another charge Goliath rolled over in the last throes. In vain did the Chulos try to irritate the poor beast into a final effort; in vain they tried to make the bull charge once again. He would not touch the inert tawny mass, and Leo gave up the ghost, whilst 14,000 presq,?ab.ly civilised beings cheered the yictor, and heaped maledictions oo the vanquished. So far the authorities do not appear to have taken any action against the promoters of this inhuman show, and further lion v. bull fights gar on the tapis. Bidel, the .megogerio man, has offered to pit ono ot his lions against two of Mazzantini's best Spanish bulls. The toreiafor, on hisside, says he will match one toro against two lions or tigers for £1000, When Mr. Young took olTle ha said to a friend that he intended putting by at least £50 a month tt'r0 his official income to proyt? against a rainy day. It was a wise decision, and probably he has carried it out, An old resident of the Lower Clarence was given only 48 hours to live by a medical gentleman in 1845. He is still hale and hearty, and 80 years o; age. It is caleo?lted that the yearly produc tion o, paper in the world is 3,000,000,000 pounds weight, and this emanates from 2891 mills. Chief Juatice Darley lpe. iesely refused several times to guaut costs to libel action plaintiffs when they have gained nominal damages in flimsy cases. That should choke off the speculative litigant. Japanese temples are often decorated with coils of rope woven from human hair. This hair, sacrificed by thousands of women, was originally used for hoisting stone and timber for the temple. 