MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. .Last Monday's " Warsaw Courier" (says a Paris telegram of June 8, in the London ".Daily Mail ") announces that Paderewski was married on May 81, with the utmost secrecy, to Miss Helen Rosen, at the Church of the Holy Ghost, in Warsaw. The newly married couple are now in Paderewski's villa near Lausanne, where they intend to spend the honeymoon. A London correspondent says: "Mrs Besant is back again at her old quarters in St John's Wood, but theo sophy has taken a back seat, her chief enthusiasm now being the education of the pious Hindu. The prophetess has returned in order to collect money for the Central Hindu College. Asked whether-it was true that she had em braced the Hindu faith, Mrs Besant said, ' I certainly think it comes nearer to my religious ideal than any other. When I am. in Benares, where I reside for six months of each year, I live as a Hindu, excepting..as regards certain laws and restrictions which apply to women. Otherwise I am practically a Hindu, and as I am almost a vegetarian, the dietary is perfectly acceptable to me.' " As you all know the benign Paul Blouet (otherwise Max O'R-ell), the following from an interview in the " Idler " may amuse you :--" M. Blouet's home, we are told, is in Brittiny, and the way in which his mother (who died some years. ago) viewed the suggestion that her son should take to lecturing is worth repeti tion. She wrote to him froip the native village, which she had never left for more than a day, to say that she did not think appearing before audiences to be a reputable business, and when he replied that he had decided to do it, and had signed a contract to that effect, the dear old lady wrote back that she was " still "-his loving mother, and that she would tell no one in the village about it." What is a very laudable effort is being made by .ertain" cricket enthu siasts in England to put a stop to the importation of Australian cricketers by Lnglish- county clubs. Vigorous protests ate made against this practice, which appears to many to threaten to destroy the essential spirit of the national sport,,and is, it is dontended, entirely contrary to the spirit in which the nounty championship is intended to be played. A suggestion has been made that the. other counties should.. refuse to meet, in the championship games, any county who imports players a la Middlesex, and this idea seems tobe gekerally acceptable to cricketers in England-e?specially to the professionals-who naturally view the incnrsion of Australian professional cricketers with profound dissatisfaction.' The gipsy king of the Hungarian violinists, Primnas Rigo Janesi, who captured the heart of the beautiful Prin cease de Chimay, is reported by the London " Telegraph's " Vienna corres pondent, under date June 7, to have Sd:ed from the plague. He was at Alex andria with the princess Becoming uneasy owing to reports about the plague, they wished to return to Austria, but before -they could set cut Rigo died. Another interesting item of news comes from the " New York Journal." It is to the effect that the Princesre de Chimay is the happy mother of -twin boys. Rigo's name was constantly before the public for nearly two years.' He made the acquaintance at a concert in Brussels of the Princesse de Chimay, an Ameri can lady, whose maiden nome was Clara Ward. The princess formed iuch a passionate attachment for Rigo-tbat she left her husband and two children and fled with Rigo. The pair travelled nearly all over Enrope, creating every where a sensation by their ecc3entric behavior. Rigo commencec divorce proceedings against his own wife in Hungary, as he wished to marry the Prircesse de Chimay, who had already been divorced. The last place the couple visited was Cairo. The manager of the Munt Leonora Spublic battery reports the . following crushings :-Rampart anrd party, 11 tons for o80s 17dwt 7gr; O'Prikn and party, 95 tons for 34-z 8dwt; Short and party, 6 tons for 3cz 8dwt 14gr; Lilley and party, 34 tons for 43oz total, 146 tons for 84cz 13dwt 21gr, or an avErage of llJdwt per ton. 