A GROSTIjY AIPPEAIRATC AT" AIBURN. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBOUR HOOD. Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in visitants from another sphero, yet with the majority of folk the belief dimehard. Mies Marner' of " Laun gton," Victor:a. ror.l, Auburn, Victoria, has more than on:o seen something resembling a ghost- when, for instance, she looked iit her mirror, so debilitateil was she by manny moutl.s'illne.:. She says?: "I colmm!enced, somle two years ago, to feel very ill after returaing home from sctlhol. I did not feel sointiently unwell to take to ny 11ed, but e":periencedil a continued tan:,uid f?elieig that made noe n osotimiserable. Fattier took Ii. to see a doctor, al heie said I wias overgrowing miy n., ngth, nid I was not to inert myself. As I had no hi.clin:. t!n to do so, .here was no fear of my di-. obi inog tlis order, nod I took tie' "quinine toiu"' given ime, withllregularity. Then I con uenlcel to feel acute pa'ns in Iny lshtuulde. and Itack, and at 4night I eonul ac.reely get av reat." " We tried ever: thing to induce sleep," interposed J.; lMarner, "but with)out effect; then I an. sult.d a wellc-.known Coilins Streret practi. tioner. Hie said my daughter wa sau:fe.inug p .itFpally fr.it weakness, nul advisul a change, ler mothtcr tnk lher awry on a trip to Queenaland, but she returned look: ig woria. She wouLl also retch oil rising in t Ie morning I; a foul taken iculd not hI kept dlowin. St? lost flesh and became oI ii , aodl " "'This time last year," said Miss 4lice, " I weighed 7st. 311s., now I ant V. 7is. ' "A great il'mprvement ;your treatment munlt have beetn benefiial t" "No ; n!. tl:o medieien I got did iie very ::tt!o gosol. Acinually, Dr. WVillia:nu' Pink Pills for Pale ople deserve !that cred:'. lust before the lJuilee holi a., fatiler bought ume a Ix. of 1)r. Wi!liams' laink P'i., at Mir I'leasanee's, Clhapel Street, Pahan ; th ' did i t, so imucth g?) that I continued wit tlhelnl. It is tn ! ng .: no since I d'. contiumneld tauin them, said I a now .. .. i tyic as aniyone could wish." "And you "would reconmnend the'H 1" " Yes; anld that strou;ly, tooi,' sold Mr Mlarner, 't had I known of Dr. Williams' I ink Pills tlwo 'ears before, it would have saed mie it hutldred pounds." Ia w ore are inlal readers wiho ay ie fortunate etnough to s ave their pa.ukIts if theI act i ( is Younll Iaaly did. IDr. Wil. lion i t'ink Pills wi, uue auetltia, waik heart, l.eplcssnes, scrofula, conisumption, chronic erysiptlas, debility, indigestion, liver and ..'.luey t.seasa, iand chest and ..:.g trotl.bes, palo a;ul sallow conidilexions, paralysis, locoltolor taxia, Iluurnlgia, It. \itus darnce, and nerveoli. htiadtaheli, atd a I nervous disonlera. Thley are hsold Iy chelmist, anl storeke:,ierr, and hy the I).'. WI'lliatus' M dlieito U.mpany, co Itole!. ,, & C.,., F!illes t ,tirect, Mel:. amrnc , at two and niItit box, or six r io f f.an and three pence, ito ara gun iiul oily with the fu'l name (seven words), U)r. Williams' I ,ok Pills for i.le 1Peo''o, rn each box. T..at.. sands have test.ned to tl.eir ctrm.ive pIwere, 