YEPPOON, [From Our Own Correspondent.] A convert was 'held nt t'he School of Ai on Saturday evening in ari of the fund 1 providing an organ for thc church. T attcinlnnce .was good, something over e hundred being precut, including several llie iieiirlrhnurimr settlers, and a few fri /incl; lui icip'Um. .Mr. .1. W. )'oiver|im*leil. '1 pi- mi'i'dings wen- n|ielli<d liv a pi.llinfoi duel. l.iMefnllv rendered «iv Mr. StiJislm and Mr. W. Nunn. This was f.nllowcd AVii« Tucker ami Mn«'« IWIT, wbo gil .'Whispering Hope.'' The taro Misi Harry «aug. " What are Che Wild Wai Saying" willi capital expression, and if Harry " .lessie's Dream." which Wrt« loud ein-orei). 'Miss Tucker and Mrs. Salisbu also utivc a duct, "Thc Wind and tito Han, Miss Foster sang st very niec Song and duet ill convpanv with Mr. Foster, who al rendered t hc "Uirk Leg " nn'd 'The T lîce-Gce" in his usiiiall humorous sty ?lxilli of whiiti iwero dilly .appreciated. .Mi I Thompson sang, and Mr. T. Perkins ga " Nancy Loo " and a few oilier selectioi Miss Ifnroninn .pl-aved sévcraH pieces on 'ti violin, and Mrs. SaÏMbury arti Mr. X. Will presided at the pian'o. Altogether a .mn i en joyable evening was spent, and the pi 'cecdi financially will give a big Kit to t' new organ. lt is pleasing lo see th'at the Sehool Arts eontimies co prn-qter, ia« was evkienei by the new piano recently purchased. Win the i-Mnnii(lce can sec ¿luir way lownr. .making a few additions t*i tile biiildin I «nell a« a verandah all round and a coup nf small rc-.iMing or writing i->n>in* apa |fi«m thc large hall, lhere is no doubt it wi be very attractive. There appears to be every .probalbility i some fresh ¿leps being taken in the dire (ion of building the railway from Tanb; us it is undeniiood that Mr. XVii'tih, who at present engaged in Hie turvey of tl iGladstone-Hockihainpton line, has reecivf I iinUruc'tSons -to start for Yeppoon as soon t be has crmpMted the Work Hie has in han' Thc survey fis io be from Tanby lo Yo] )ioon, and it henee to the sugar will and bi yond that through Farnborough, to th I ÀVoodberrjr sugar fanms, passing Woo« Hands Station on thc left. As it is a (brough /-.me land, on which there is a' 'ready a number nf se'ttlcrs residing, ther 'iw no doubt that there will be n larg amount of traffic, both passengers an' goods, from (bc first. There «re now som lilhiusands df lons of cane grown roun W«**lbnry besides «ftiior produce, and a the bulk'nf the firewood ifor thc mill fin naces is procured (ram Woodbury Ihn alone would give a large tonnage of load inp. Tlie WoWdbu ry and Yeppbn mail, fo milich tenders were opened in dlnlsbane oi the irtfo instant, was npain secured by th .present floirtrartor, Mr. C. K. Broome. I Nothing more appears to have been hean of the boat load of supposed escapees fron New Caledonia, lt is stated that a boa' with eight men put into the beach ii Wyonce <ind took on board a supply o fresh waler, but before thc local police coull reach thc spot they bod again embarke. timi sailed northwards. The town is nearly full of visitors al ready, arid the arcammioda'tion .will jirobabl \ be extremely limited long before Christ mas. Two new houses are going up, one on ni allotment near the turning to Mr. C. A Schmidt's farm, and the other nt the cornel of James-street is being built for Mr Coxen of Longreach, while Mr. Armstrmif from the same place Iras liaised Mrs. Woods'« house for six months. I A divisional board gong has been sent tc clean thc town drains and put the culvert! I and streets generally in repair. It is doing I good work. The traction engine is still doing good and regular work, taking l«m to twelve ton« of sugar daily to Tanby. Mr. Bridge, lately from the old country, bas opened n lemonade and aerated water factory, which will probably be well patro- nised during the hot weather. Fish arc still very plentiful in thc town, large catches having been made, both by anglers and by nets and traps on thc beach. Yeppoon residents arc expressing con- siderable dissatisfaction at the attitude of their representative in Parliament on the subject of the Transvaal contingent. The news Of.thc British successes has been most enthusiastically received here. (Mr. J. Wilson, of Ellerslie farm, on Lime- stone Creek, has leased that property tn ?Mr. 1,liens, who is now faking pos«p«sion. Mr. Wilson has gone to the new farm re- cently purchased on Limestone Creek, near thc bridge, where he intends growing a largo quantity of maize, hay, chaff, and vegetables. Tlie ghosts at Mount Manilla, about u'iiicb you recently bad nn nrliele in the "Morning Bulletin." have never been traced, or nt any rate laid, and Mr. Cowan nnd bis family who have been so much annoyed by them were nt last compelled to abandon the selection. (Mr. Cowan hal leased Adelaide l*ark for n tenn, and in- tends dairying there on a large seale. The settlers, on whom a special rate was levied by the Gogango Divisional Board for the mnkingof thc road between Yeppoon «n i «.he Byfield Bond. are. with one exception, objecting to -pav tho rate. and. it is stated, intend to Hiraji Hie mntler ont. in Court. Tho recent land sales in Yeppoon held liv Mr. <r. R. Curtis and Mr. Tl. Shaw -now conclusively (hat town nnd suburban land here is rising in minc.'nnd there is little doubt that ns sonn ns the coming of the railwnv is « certainty, (he. country land« wilt also increase in valu", n consummation (hut is devoutly to bc wished for. Thc wether lins been .ill (hst could be doored, lhere beinT plcnly nf liçrht raine, ouile sufficient In keep the coiiiitrv lnnkinjr bean!ifni and «nias jind waler plcnlifuí. The (cmncrntm-e for the most part lins been cool nnd nle.iKiint. Yeppoon. 23rd October, IRA!). 