AM EMCOUMTEB^WITH IHDlflMS. : ' Now this matter of being scalped by tho Indians,' Baid a young man from the West, who was striving to please, ' is really not so serious as you might suppose. I was myself once scalped by a large and experienced Sioux chieftain, still you see ftere I am.' 'Do tell ua about it,' oaid the earnest young woman with a weakness for improving her mind. ' Well, it was several years ago, and 1 waa living in a little Wyoming town on the ex treme edge of civilisation. The Indians had been in a state of mind for some time, and been ghost dancingand carrying on generally. A few of us young people were giving an amateur theatrical entertainment on the night of the uprising, and— ?— ' 'No wonder they rose,' interrupted the experienced man. ' But they weren't in the audience, you know,' explained the visitor from the West, 'One man who was, though, went home, and that night had the most distressing dream ot uis whole lite, so ne said. 'He dreamed about the Indians, I sup pose,' returned the earnest young woman. ' No ; dreamed he went to our perform ance again. Well, we had juat rune down the curtain — or gob it down somehow, you know an amateur curtain always sticks— when the savages came up whooping like sixty sixty. At first we thought it was applause, and we warped up that pestiferious old ourtain again and prepared to repeat the closing tableau. When the audience saw it they just stampeded — preferred taking their chances outside with the Indians, you see. Well, they got out, and by this time we saw what was up, bo we rushed out a side door too. Somehow the others were better runners than I was, and 1 found myself the last to go tearing across the open space which lay between the school house whore we were and the main part of the town. Old Chief ManAfraidofDrinking Water was close behind mo. Suddenly I stumbled and fell. That noble old savage whipped out his scalping-knife and ecalped me as I lay there on my f ac«. He straightened up ind gave a hideous yell of triumph. I got up, and says 1, 'Now that ycu'vo_ got what you wanted, go 'way and stop making a fuss.' Do you know, I was so cool about Ib that it completely flabbergasted those heathens, aod Hiey went off. When they got it into cheir benighted intellects a month or two later, that I had been cast for an old man's part in the play, and waa weariug a wig, they were the maddest Hand of knaves west of the Missouri River, - Harper's Bazaar, Great doeds uittke fccai Uieu ; t-f tsr which evo^iiiiug they do ib i^tettn-iug. 