THE MISSI? HEIR OF CALLOIBV. B Mers. G. Sf`.no:o, ''Anthares of " Dcrothy's Jowei," "The lMaceed Bridal," Etc. CHAP'EIl XXIV. "n n? a Sor Dn.aT' Back, with a terrible, suffocating force, flew the life-blood upon the hIant of WMdge at these words. A low cry of ter ors parted her paleo lin, and her eyeo glesmed wildly, as, turning in theo direc tion whence the voice proceded., uoe be held a tall, gaunt figure standing c!rso at her side ; but oven in her fear, she noted the fact that it was not the knight of her drenams. She started back al?tfightcd, otumbled, and weold have fallen, had not the reca Staero put forth his hand to save her. It seemed like the touch o the deCd, that cold, clammy hand, with ito Jdia - like fingers, nod tho de:nfs brunoco from the bones : nd wildly beating it fros her, aho turned hither and thither, -ceek ing frantically for some way of es1apo hosm tho fearful, etartling preenxco. The evil, siniz? rfface of tho wretch took on a pitying look, as he saw the fairgirl'e extreme terror, and with a re?sacring voice, he said, as he, too, moved a stop or two from her : "I will do ye no harm, fair lady, so do not fear. I do not wonder at yer fright, forI never was a pleo-net compnion at my best, and mch lca s so now, when I'm jestready to drop into the gra :e, for a young and tender m=iden ihe you.-'ef." He was a swarthy-looking follo?-, and much omaciated, while a hollow, racking cough interrupted him at eerey other word. He had piercing bl~ k eyes, while are, shaggy hai- and whiakers, hanging in disorder about his ho?gard f?eo and neck, made him zepalsiio in the oxtrom Had Mr Diepeau beon in his daughtor'e place he would have recognised in this wretched, dying being, his omparoion in the ruins, on that moonlight night, when he so artled hima in the aIA libra-y, a year previoe. Time, dissipation,a ?od hardship had done their work, adl this accomplice of Lord Callonby's, wehom he co hatec and feared, was evidently in the l-st s~aoes of ?onsumption, and not long for this world. "No, do not fear," he repeated, in a aed voice, as he asow " Idgno fear was only partially subdued, " and do not try to fly, for yo will only become bewrildered among allthese alcoves and pu ges. It t In cky for ye that I happenod to be hiding here, eLso I four ye wonud have a hard time of it findin, yer way hoack to the pueagatoin Scoi w I e guido ye. py lady, if ye will teret yexc!f to oe. Sure ye needn't fe= the like o o me, for one push from yer little white h.nd wo:ld masuroe me in the dslt" He mniled grimly na he s-rid this, and, holding up his hand, Me1dgo sa that it shook from ve Cy wcakneoss, and, feeling much relicrevd, ehe ai, though her ovoie tremblet : "Thankyos, if you wi:l b3 1s :iad ýs to asow me tho way oat, I .would like t3 go beak at once." She was eragt:r o breath --te pronir of hearea once moro, .= to Oet out of toe umcanny pl-a :s uzocnao = rzibh'., Snd=L took a fs-r :aity s fapa 3ay ft- him. "Kay, nsy, my '-7 y, y1 .o -o h lf trust mao yet (and it zi no vcnK.r, el:hez), bat I swear I wlc d ntL ho.rm a h.ir of yer bright head. If it w= the old Ilord i yo=r place, tbocg, 1 cczd no: r-3 -j umnch for him,"' ra:-'s d thoe --in, ritl a half-auppresi d tothl, -i h en oJoraed by another sever itof cf- of = -kin the echoes ring dis~nAiy thrugh the weird iace. "l.a 1 msid. LMad.e. saddenly, her fear all gone, and implicit t-ra- iLn hie in stantly taking its pae, at his -crds. " Why wou!d you 5 r= Lord Calicn by' she asred, erer on the aluer where Shis lordship w=a oncernted \- Bercara I ;z-& him--becse he lives upon the fat of the n1.3, while I am staing - yes, snuaotSO, nisS, WhenC a few crnmbs from hi3 table, a fei ahilii: from his poeket, rouid serve to keep life to me a littis lnger.' he twhiparod, loarsely, sad with a tigr-liko glbe in I bis farce black eyes. Andi won't he gio 3veo somethi n I can hardly thion7h wo=ld oar 1=7 one to go hin r r-o= his door when he has Sech Aba=? ," returned tMadge, ia "AlT, sybae ct s gonesal taia. , but ih does not cara E- q1aick I an out of ta way the a icn-r my bc-dy ies usdcr the ground the befir f= hieo. Blt I'll hanst him while I ive; haill no; taL his ae- wisit his ill-gott'n erenalh, while there is teat in this poor old wreck," and ho bast h:s hsmd3 wfiliy po n his -bret. " Ye,'asd, my ghSca ehhll hl:nt lsl after I'm dei " he continuda., in a ar whisp; then added, de.ectedly: "Bat oie doetm't know i nch asout wh. s'll do inh te other word ; it's not very pleiat: to thin k bo=t, especilly if one aa't lired the right kind of Iefe here. Do yu bqlisve, miss," he went on, an sger look shinig in his Iouken eyes, " it la ny good to repent of wrong at tho ad of life f It cannot riht tho Wrong.; I well know, but will aincere eo.reU do he poor sinner any goof, do ye think, " Srely we have the pronois of for givenes, if we are L-rly sorry for sin," replied sidge, the tes Tafloriern ina her eyes and feling a deep and -sIden Intl reet in the poor wretch. Thank ye; but-well, 1'm nt soro it doet't mrtter mch whether a ne'er-d well as I am is aved or not; thero's no ona bht the old wroma who woald care, nyway ; only it would be ple- sont like to feel sre I'd gets a ,elcmo from hor, and Sight of her honest old fare fOther sida. But bless yer sweot, pitying eyes, miss, I', not worth soch a loeok ye give me ; if It were not for the sod4 sad f3ea of a girl, lovely as yeraele, that :rses up before me in my dreao, I could rest more peace ful like. She was a sweet girl, old IL?rd Cntbatht's danuhter," he went on, in a iming, rambling way, and lad?o'sd hearl leapd at his words, " and hersunny face wa never clouded with aorrow until her more trouble overtook her. Ah I her henrt-brokeL cry ringS in my earsnowIir it did when ashe sa his body a-lyig there lnthsgrxd old Mca?al halL, and it was eon to nWelt the hoat of the cevil inmslf. It wa too ad, too bad." " What do you meam 1 Of whom are tal.ing 7 Do you mea y?ong COtn I donot drstaclnd yon," cried bMdge, ageriy.and imzonat brethleLu ith ex ilemet, for she beg- n to think the man mat know a good deal conerning this ery mystery iat whin she ws so deeply Intereted. I wc aatalkin; sboat I?S= -Nora. bat ye don't know anythlag rbocther maybe, for ye bsos trasger here, I tike it, or yo wsoId'haee Inmown abont EIin Grotto, and her name In .ever menronod now, tie srrvan tell me.' he -t-mom "..e ' e Iam a stranger here, and though I sro neser been in this grotte lefeo yet I hare heard of the bleouiful "i? ahlonbr. al be waes vey s? - feroalothoeing all he ftanods, B1t1 toll :me, plons, rhet l on menrct by her brother not being worthy of her term and sorrow,"'' adgo i pleadcd earnestly '" Ah, b!ea your bu::ny hcar.t I did not masr that, feJ a finer sdi naver breathed the breath of heaven than young Lord Cuthbcrt Callonby. He nover would have turned a sarving mn from his door ; he would lrvo taken him in and fed hi:n full, while the winsome laanio would have emptied her purse to relieve the cuffering of the mecneet wrotch on the face of the earth. Oh, Heaven forgive eno! bht it's too late, too latal She in weeping out her dreary life in a convent, and the poor young lord--Ieaven only knowns hat has become of him." " What! he is-isn't he dead 1" almost screamed Madge, a wild, wild thought for the frst time sweeping through her mind. The man's talk was rambling, and to often interrupted by his dreadlal cough that she could not clearly understand all he was saying. But this last euspicion it took away her breath and strength. What could it meon 7 "No one would believe so strange a story from such a rascal as I am. Ba? I amuld toll-I could tell if I chole. Oh, the curse of rin-the curae of sin to the poor ! but the rich!" he cried, troinl his voice to a okril, despairing cry, "the ickh may sin, and sin, and esi, rolling th-nscelveo in the bl?ckest infamy, ot gold will keep the curse from them. Oh, Heaven, what a world I The poor aro the sinnoers, the rich are the eminta. But dle is the guilt, not mine, for he bought me with his gold, his bright, -ollow gold, that would bay food and raiment; t is all gone, and now I am starving, sltrving, while he is filling his samouech with the luxurien of the errt-h." The wrotched mrat heroe Ean upon a stone exolh.used with hi oexcitement, and another viollet 'i of coughing eoiho him, wlich LIadg; surely thho;ght would result in the rapntre of a bloodo-ve-el. HIr, heart raced for him, he wea so weak and ill, and the thought of his fearful hunger was agony to her, while at the ?nme time she wea comnsaed ith the desire to learn his secret. I was evident he wa tormented with one, yet haardly dare reveal it, while with it preying constantly upon his mind in its veakened esate, he had not srength to resist talking about it in this indefinit way. His obacure alluaion o young Lord Cuthbert had set her brain in a whirl, and the suep:cion to rhich it gewo rho thaIt he olghe stil hbe lriving actullly do her faint with rexce~a f joy, on Norma' account, and yet she dared not beliere too much on so alight an nuthority, for he had spoken so brokenly and enigmwti"cdly. As eoon as the man had racevere from hi coughing she went nearer to him, her former fear now all merged into an intense dreire to learn the truth. ",My poor man," who said, compas sionately, "you eo weak and ick ; you are hungry and f:int; if you will guide me to the right paesgae leading from this grotto, I will go and get you a good b-hecikfst. Bot first toll me what you ourat when you seod, " ltcesvcn only ko.n? where young Lord Cathbert Cal lonby ia." I thought he was dead, and his body sleeping bcide his fatter's in yonder church-yard; but your wild, seog-ao words ha?v asroued a su~pieioa that 1: may not be so ; that he may yet be living. Yet how such a thing can be I am at a lo.s to ~tegine. Tell tmo eazp'?i it to me, I boeoch ypo, and I pledge You my wred that I will to no way InaPhc pee yU, and you peh.cl be -Wel cared for as long as you liveo, in return for your "No, nu, yC' l.ady'; it is not for ye to f-eret cut tie d=rk socrets of this f?amily ; y7 might oe yecr own bright 'ou5g 5ife i' ye should sttet pc it, and I dare~n te' ye. Ah, if I b?t knoaw wher "ge'r; eman lives who tried to boy my eeo:ts from -o a year or more ag., it might do oee good ; but for a fairyoung ?io elike yo to be mediing with crime -ad that. old ri al yeader, it wont do at all, and rising, he beckoned her to follow him and led th way tahrough the pecage by whrch sioe a eatered the carve " Ale," thoght 3alcge, light brek'icng in upon her rind as sla followed his feeble teps, " this is the osate r-a? whom papa met in the rains of the old caaclo without doubt. I hardly dar tell him whom I am just yet, let he abould play me false and ezpcso me to kie lordship, in the hope of getting a new supply of god, and that would rain all our plans at once. I will try one mom though, and then go and get the poor wreteh something to eat." They soon reahed the end of the oar-ow panoage, and fladge once more could dlce~r - daylight " Will you tell m if you'c now whether yo-aeg Lord Callcby is rely tiring I I beg you will reveal the tooth, and I ?oleamly promise I will not rcnt day or aight antd he is found aod =r.aoed to his rih:tful heritage, and? th I wai1 do witheot cainog tIhn, loat cs=opoieo to rest opec you," -he pleaded e-~cnetly, as he stopped and motioned her to go o. "I do not knowr-oh, Idnoat koow, for sere, my lady, no more thae ye: own sweet self," the =5a replio, his face conva sed with p?ain, and wringing his hands. "This much I will tell ye, for the gentle pity ye hare bestowed upon an old wreck like me: le au alive on that day when poor 31is Sor grieved a o?. oneed o over whut she saw in the grand hall; but whether he is dead or alive now, the body lying under that head - stone, marked Lord Cuthbert Catlnhy, aged twenty-two,' be not his it is- it is--al- There, yeoa lady, thero be the way into the pork." He stopped soddenly, and pointed towards the light shining into the e?ter grotto, withhis long, bony, ahaking ngeor. "Oh, tell me more- whose body it is, if it is not lord Cthbert's I cannot go with all these horrible thoghts in my mind. I pray you wil till me more, so that I may have something to work upon, and yon shall have gold, food, wine- anything you ask!" and clasping her hands before hi in her eageme s, she looked likeo some beautiful angel beseech ing Lucifer for the restoration of some soul from perdition. "'Ah I no, eo; I've told ye too much already; but, fair lady, I'm rwek--'m sick, and hrse no power over either mind or body. Ye never knew whet hunger is like, did ye, miss 7 May ye nevorer know sorrow of any kind-but, oh, it is dreadfnl to be so hungry-e- hungry I" He turnoed away from her Writh a gestre almost of despair, and tottered hack into the darkness, learing s.adge standing there bewildered and nearly crzed with what ahe had heard, and that hla fearful moan of his "ao horgry, so honery," ringing like a mnell in her ears. The tees started Loen her opyes as the echo of that desparing crp died away, and with the speed of a doe, she flew hack to the case, and up to her chamber without beirng discovered, as itas st~l early, no oen bet the serveaot bei. eatier. A sndden dot eminatio I senled her s that peer, hnogry, dying m.?n left her, and, rieging her' bet!, aeh thaew herself upon hr cwoach, and covered her earcith stained grment with a silend quilt. A serrant aoon appeared.. "Mry, I aove nt slept at al welU, and am roryfaint; ill you please brieg t sp ac pof eees nd a slise of ttocat" slh? aked of the giro, in her sweet, gracions I Ytesm, sore an' I wilt," the gir es plied, and weet sgarly to doherbeldtsg. " Sure an' it'l b- a plecanmo to writ cn the likes of any one who rwould rFs a favor of a erorvo t in that way, ao dif?Fernt from riA t-l.arkn'" nro told the cook in confidence, while with h^r nimbltle fin.r h:o arranged, the divhes on a macsivo salver. raladge's eyao brightened os rho ro turned, bearing not only the requested coieo and toaet, but a plto of cold tongue end chicken, a dainty dish of jelly, and a tiny baskot of silver filled with luccioun purple and white grapes. "Thank yoy, Iay ; you :re vnry thoughttfl," nti1 ledgeo, bestowing a gratified look upon the tempting ar1ry, that was worth more to the girl tmnn a month's wreas would have b3en, and she roturned to her duties below, whicl were brightened all day long by that little ray of sunshine. cadge hastily drank the cup of coffee, for eho was really faint from eocitement and the loss of leep ; then, taking a little basket from her table, mho emptied the contents of the salere into it. Going to a c!oett, ne brought forth aoaall2iak of nrino, and n heavy travelling shawl, and after roplting her hat, she cjaictly and noin!elcsly mede her way dowmetzirs, end out into the park cgaio, and noon found herself onco more at the or.tranc of Elfin Grotto. She enta-er without fear, and Pyacd quickly along the dark nanr=rr ptnsago, intent only upon her deed of mercy. She cralcd alond as aho reached the inner grotto, but wcs ??nswered only by a ftaint moan. G!ancing torrd the apot whonc the aound proceeded, she aw eccr companion of a few momenta beforelyingproasupon theo ground and pantin for breath. "Are you hurt-did you f 11'" she asr:ed, coem-_aio?ately. No, no; hung --co hungry," ha breathed, in grape. She tant over him, and gently alnting his head, pat the flak of nina to his lip. Hio nipped a little, hat waks evidently too rweak to h am e mech of an oeffort. She let him rest a moment, then gave him more, and noon he seemed to rovire a little. " Can you eat something P" she asked, as sie anw him glance eagerly at th haa ket by her side. Ile nodded his head, and snapp-edl hin jaws with a forco th sat antled her. She pnt asaU l piee of bread in hi hand, which closed over it with a vice like grip, and by the dim light aho could eo that his oyes barand ith a tiger-lio gleam, and he shudderLed as s thnought of the suffering he must hero endured from hbs huoger. " Eat it alowly, andyou shall haI7 maro when that i gone," she said, but the lst morsel was srallowed befor nine ceaed speaking, and his trembling hand was s'ret-hod oun for more. She knew there was danger in aIlowing him to eat too rmueh, so sho bhoke o:n small pieces, and conting them in the inoe, fed hict very slowly, and soon had the saetisfactioe of seeing him appear mah stronger, and the pinebed, f:nar he look wearing, ot of his fatc. "I hace brought you moro in t Hus ba ket, but you omuo . not eoa it now, for it will do yon irnjury." " i knoo,'" o sid,?with a igh, batnot oftriong to taoe rao-o. ' Hero is lag--;e. woar? sbtwl, and if you will orop you-self in it and adop awhile, I do not think it will har: you to eat again when you awako . I wrish you could go out of this damp pla.a, bot I suppooa you aro too weoa, and I should not t owr w-hoe to rend you, either." " Well, -e:th o:te until ae_-noon, and then I'lloe ao at ccan be do=o, and I'll bring you moro fond then," said Madge, rairs to go. "`ThaiO yo kindly, rain; ye are very cornide-o to?--d a p-oe wretch like me. Stes yer tender ieaot, it mnhke· e thik mcre aon?more ofganCuto li? No ," and ho traed tts hanod uatilyoosna his oyes. "' Ye oil not tell anyono, p:easo, oisa, that I am wiing h m ; I'll tgo away an soon an I crn got the strength," he pltlTed, no MIadge pryepued to oear him. "No: I ;ill ay cothing to anyone who would aRth you any mar ; bt nsever rind that now. I woill ooo again to se, you this afternoon' and peorhia you will be ostonger toen." And, with another clation not to eat again at present, HIadgo left him and htstened bt t tho ao cstle, fear?-ng that aho zhovot be discoveredl, even now, be. fore abwa ould roach her rooan. Put she was not, and, asutily exocaging her -oiled garants, sho went doon to b-eakt fast, nltinh, ro?ey, and cheerful, yet with ne:vrs that nibtted painfrlly with aero aoraL orhioh ws utt:ered daring tohe utar 3L.lge intes:ei t o se ion iL?erview with her father i oleditely ofttr breoh fast, and relate to him her lventures of the early morning; alro her astang dre?_s. of the night proeion, which to her n?w porese?al a peculiar signaii- ane. She waed syoep'thy and aodic, some one to len uopoa. and who would strengthen her with cheering words, for she was beoming depe ed in spirits, with the munoonl stain upon ho: neres, the loss of sleep, and the intone, exite ment of her strange eoperiences of the palt few weeks. But she was doomed to Dsappoin-ment, for during breakfast lord Callonby pro posed an excursion to ttlyby Toweor, a place of some renown, shoot ten miles distant, where they would spend the day picnicking, and exploring the grounds and buildings, and then ret-.n home by moonlght. The proposal met with instant applauos from all parties, for M Loybury Towers h d a tragic interest connected with it, and. among other things, i was said that the tower itself was haunted by the restless ghost of a young and lovely duchess, who was murdered on her wedding night, only threo hours after her marriage. by an nn knowt hand. This of itself was srSieirnt to inspire the least romantic with enthorfasm, while the pro pert of the ride home by moon light brought a deeper tint to the cheek of more than one fair maiden, and a ten der light to the bright eyes whieh drooped cornsiously beneath the glances of anticipation bent upon them by several young gentlemen of high degree, who would doubtle-s act ar ercorts upon the oretrion. B.t ?iadgo had no heart for it; she was eager to solve the mighty mystery in which be was so deeply intereted ; besides, she was wearied out, and needed rest, and did not feel equal to the effort of zmakig herelf agreeable and onfertnin ing, orp rtend to enjoy wiat would only be irkaome and tedious to hebxr. She remembered also her promres to that suffering wretch in the grotto, and her sympathfeo were more with Sht than with any prospect of pleasure for the present Yet she kaew the encursion was pamnned partly in honor to herself, and it would be ungrateful and impolite to refrso to go, or to do anything to mar the enjoymrnt of others. So she con cealed her disappointmene as best she could, and aniented to every arrangement which his lordship saw fit to make. She resolved to spea to her father, howe- err, as soon as seron? tst should be ended, and ask him to azange for her to remain at Callonby, if poesiblo; but he it=oee atoly became engaged in conera. tion with several gentlemen upon arising feom the tablo, wh;ich render-? th-t pl.n imp?ctieablo ; an, , so-:r iece, a bevy of young tldice gathered around, and occcu pied her attention until Lord Caliouby, who had left the room o fort moments before, returneod ad anid : "Coem, lodies and gentlemecn; the carrisage and hoeea will be t thoe door in a very few ninutes, anod thioao of you who prefer to go an horzeback me?t arrange it with each other at once." There were instant excitomcnt and confusion, and, amid much tlughing and cnhattinog, the transportation of the entire party was at length arrangea, after which thero gas a general sctterirg nmong the fair Cse to don riding habits and dainty plenia costamns. atdgo wan among the last to leave the room, hoping, aoon at that late moment, to got a r, o-d with her father; but he did not see the wistful tglncom which she cast in his direction, and with reluctant steps nho passed out into the hall. Her molther was jout preparing to go up.stoai, and she noticed that aho eoaned heavily against the richly carved railing, and w??s moving mc1 nooreo slowly than had ba2" her wont of tate. Ever watchful, and foarfel of her old tooubeo returning, h?e flo to her aide, and asked, anniounly : "'Wh.t is it, mam?n?Lr Aro you not well thin morning " "Yed, dear, quico well ; only a sli.ght feeling of faintucna came over me just now. Do not be nnions ; it will sonr pass, and I shIll be myself again," 1-rt Diopoau returned, and trying to cmile awray Madgae's uncineeo. It did not pass, howovor, for she was pooling painfully before she reached the top of the ztairs, and leadge hnd hardly hoelpe her to her room btom b t ha ank down nearly un-ono2ciou, -nd her heart was flattoring like an impriaoned bid. The young girl rwa much impreasod, and oould hirao rnh.d to call her father, beta motion from her mother prevented her. "Do net be no alarmcd, my darling," hoe maid, speaking with dificulty, and seeing her blank, frightened face. " Go to my daessing-ýse, and bring mo a little gilt Hnsk you will find there'." ?Ladge fdnw to do her hidding, bringing at the same time a bottle of car do Co!onCe, with which she b.S_ to bathe the loved fae t and head. ]Ira Dzin-.eau tck a awP:ow from tho Hatk, sfying ? hinrill help mo-I will soon ba better;' and no in proved, for the color ra long gbegan to return to her face, and she breathed etsier; the painful throb bing of her heb-t grew less and leas, until at length she became quit comfortable. aeadgoe wa relieved, hut not satisfieL A Icng time hatd oLped since her mother had had such a sersne attact, and she feared her old troable wan about to return again, and she know from expearence that there wasn great danger attending these faioin=g turns. 1tcr -colution was imm?ediately taken, and she refuced to leave her to join the picnic. Mno Dispean coaxed and entreated, s=ying she could not think of having her give up her plesrue to wait upon her, no she kne ashe would be well enough if she only remained quiet, and there were pleaty of servants to attend her. Bt all to no purp?se; Madge was firm, and glad enough of the excuse to remain at home, although she did not confess it to her mother. " I should be anxious and miserable all day if 1 should go. l can excuse myself, and they surely would not expect me to leave you sick. No, mamma, I mcannot go. Mrs Dispea saw she was determined, ad ga?eo p the point; and efadge, has teeing downstairs, sought her father, and aluatinted him with the trouble and her decisaon, and then turned to make her excuses to the cmpany, who were nearly all ready to sLtat. ' Do you go with the party, my daugh ter, sad I will stay with mamma. She bhs telted cry abilities as none before, and knows 1 excel in that cpacity, ' Mr Dipep n said, s~emiig. yet has face taking on a somewhat otartled expreeadn. Thei young people all favored this pro position, and pleaded eagerly for Iadge'o c?,o=may. Lady Callouby ofered politely to remain and keep her mother company, and sa?d the housekeeper should attend partriu- lorl to her every want But the fond daughter was firm. Shaking her bright head denai-rely, she rid, with fl shng cheeks : " Thank you aI velr mach, hut please do not ur- me, for I s ould be mierable all dtaw if I ahoulaleave mamr? as she is new," and she added, with a Lttle on no'cuas stile, " I know no c=- who can do qucg so wet- fod r - as i-not evee papa, for all he is o vain of his n=rsi. ' tlr Dlig u had been up to hi wife's roo= whioe they roe dstring to prevail upon 3Iadge to chago hEr mind, and retoroei just is time to bear her lst "I am afraid wre s?h haen to give up the point to this littleo piec of seor conmeit," he ?id, Laughing, and playfully ninching 3fadgo's choeek, adding " I fnd Mrs Dlspeaa far froma well, but she is acl-otot ed to thee attacks, and, when she begies to inmprove, her recovery is ascally rapid. Theo- is really no partica lar need of anyone but a ervant attend ing her, and I really wish Madge would "lo--peaes. papa,' she whirpered; then mid alondL, with a aide added dig nity: " Indeed I ce=not accompany you to-day, and, althgh I dislike to made any break in the party, I must beg to be excssed," and with a alight obei?ance she left the room. Lord Callonby nlsisted on having 3r Dispeau's company, and he, knowing that tere wa nothing at all alaming in his wifo's condition, consented, as he felt that one of them at least ought to repre aent the family ; and it was with a sigh of content that gad;g soon after saw the gay caalcad sweep down the avenue, sad soe then nestled down beside her mother's coach, glad of a quiet day all to herself. (To be Colinueed.) At a recent examination in a village school, a class of infants were being ques tioned on natural history. After several questions, the inspector asked: " What bird that comes from Africa has wings but can't ily ?' The class was dumbfonnded. Thinking to enco-uago them the inpector offered a sirpence to the little boy or girl who could tell him. After a few seconda' heoitation, a little girl of four yea-s put out her hand. " Well, my little dear," aid the in spector, "what is it T' and was almost paralysed by the reply : "Pleare, air, a dead 'an " Lord Nelsen once sent his corswain with a note to Lady Hamilton, with orders to wait for a reply. When her ladyship had sa it, she said to the allor : "?Isappos o shall have to giro Nel son' coxswain a drink ; what shall it be, a pot of beer, a glass of grog, or adrop of "Blo?s yer ladyship." said Jack. UI ain't a bit particular. I'll take the beer now, and I can be drinking thegrog while lyou ladyhip' miing the punch for Imar ossgth uc o 