RIDE ON A TORPEDO BOAT. Says our London scribe:—I spent reven hours on the ThameB the other day on board of the fastest torpedo destroyer in the world. This is the Akebono, built by Messrs Yarrow and Company for the Japanese Government. Tbe beautiful little monster, which in English would be called the Dawn, is as graceful as a miniature first - class cruiser, and is indeed one in almost every respect. She does not resemble the typical blaok and grimy torpedovessel a bit; is painted a bluish white, and has four chimneys raised upon an engine terrace, like those of an ocean liner. We ran at rates noted ae 17,27, and 30 knots. We*started practically at 17 form Greenwich pier, and for a brief gloriouB ten minutes below the Nore steamed at 30. The Akebono had still one knot and a half to spare, making her the fastest vessel of her type afloat. The rapid passage through the clear blue air proved most embracing in its exhilaration. There was the slightest breeze ahead, which with our own pace against it became a noisy,, rushing gale. I can compare the sensation to nothing so much as riding on an express locomotive. Tet faster came the order from tbe deck upon the clangorous chimes of the engine-room. We flew past everything going our way, including two famous river racers of the Belle line. They were doing their 18 knots ; we were doing our 27 with much less fuss. When steaming 30 the rudder was pnt up, and in turning the pressure of water threw a most beautiful cupola tower high above the stern, whioh in the vivid light glistened like silver. Lord Charles Beresford. and two other Admirals were guests of Mr Yarrow, who made the trip most delightful. The following is taken from an exchange:—' According to a message from Albany. New York, a woman who has begun an action for divoroe from her husband olaims that the ghost of her husband's first wife infests the house and makes her miserable. It appears at nights and frightens her so that she is unable to Bleep. It comes near to her and indulges in paroxysms of weeping, and occasionally it smashes the furniture. The petitioner's assertions were at first langhed at, bat ehe persisted in them, and upon being medically examined was declared sane.' 