The Romanising of the Church of England. By the Rev. F. C. Boyer. XI.— The one Root of these Romanising Sacerdotal Development. The one Root. The whole of the Sacer dotal devel o p m e n t s within the Church of England, traced in these pages, as also those within the Church of Rome itself, have grown not of one sintjle root. An intelligent grasp Of this phase of the matter will cast' a flood of light on the nature of the modern High Church movement, ex plain the utter failure of the Evangelical party in the Church of England even to arrest it, and indicate some defects in the efforts of Protestants in general to cope with this Romanising advance, which must be made good if Scriptural Christianity is to win the day. In the first place, therefore, we shall show in this paper that all these huge sacerdotal developments, both in the Church of Rome and in the Church of England, have grown out of one per nicious root, — the teaching known as the ' Apostolical Succession.' This dogma of Apostolical Apstolical Succession is briefly as Succession follows : — That our Lord Theory has handed down to the Explained, bishops, by an unbroken succession of' ordinations received from the original Apostles, the authority which He first gave to the original twelve, so that 'the Bishops are the Lord's apostles now.' Further, that there is no duly authorised minis try (or, as they prefer to call it ' priest hood,') in the world, except that which has been received by ordination from these Bishops. The limits of these papers Its Fallacy will not allow an exhaus Indicated. tive exposure of the un scriptural and unhistorical character of these claims. Suffice it here to say that the whole theory of the Apostolical Succession is a myth ; that there is no evidence in God's Word that our Lord through the Apostles handed down to the bishops apostolic powers, or that ordination by the imposition of hands was confined to apostles and bibhops, but abundant evidence to the contrary ; that any such valid succession of ordinations from the apostles to present-day bishops, is historically in capable of proof ; that those who hold this dogma are helplessly at variance as to what constitutes (what is so essential to their theory) a valid ordination ; and that although Anglican sacerdotalists ' keep on making the same groundless claims in the same parrot- like fashion, scientific historians, even in their own church, feel compelled to give judgment against them.' Our Lord Himself has left instructions for all time as to the tests we must apply to ascertain whether a certain minister or ministry has or has not been genuinely commissioned by Him. He says not a word about valid ordinations, whether by the apostles themselves or their successors. These are His word, ' Ye shall know them by their fruits.' Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, fidelity to the teaching of Jesus Christ and His Apostles, holiness of life, and the holiness and usefulness of those who follow their instructions, these are the ' fruits ' by which our Lord declares that those whom He com missions will be by Him credentialed. [We strongly commend to our readers who desire to pursue the study of this important _ subject, the learned and unanswerable work on ' ?' Apostolical Succession,' by Dr. John Brown of Bedford, published by the Congregational Union of England and Wales, for a brief and populor putting of the matter. ' The Claims of Apostolic Succession,' by the same writer, being No. 2 of the '? Free Church Tracts for the times ' (publishers : National Council of Free Churches, one penny) and ' Anglican Orders and Apostolic Succession,' by Hev. J. Robinson Gregory, publisher, C. H. Kelly, ?one penny]. We now invite our readers to- trace, with the aid of the accompanying diagram, how the whole of these Romish sacerdotal developments grow out of this one dogma. , [It will be seen that the root and also the trunk of our tree, showing these developments, con sist of this false doctrine of ' Apostolic Succession.' - ist Bousrh ? The first development 'Conception of fr0.m ,th® .dog?la of -the Church » Apostolical bucces sion ' that we will note is the Eomish and the High Anglican . Conception of 'the Church ' of Jesus Christ. [This, it will be seen, forms the first bough on the left of the tree in our diagram] . The idea of the Church of Christ which is held equally by Koman Catholicism^ and the Ritualists is that it is limited to such organisations as possess, in addition to the creeds, the ap pointed sacraments, and the moral law, this supposed Apostolical Succession, that is, bishops having the power and ?authority that were held by the original twelve apostles, and clergy ordained by them. (Roman Catholicism yet further limits the Church of Christ to those ?organisations possessing this Apostolic Succession which submit to ' the see of St. Peter.' This claim of the Pope to supremacy over the Churh of Christ we shall see further on to be also a develop ment from this dogma of Apostolical Succession). That it is this dogma of Apostolical Succession that thus limits the Romanist and Ritualist conceptions ?of the Church is sufficiently plain from the following High Church authorities : ' The Church may he regarded as the ?divinely-ordained organ and keeper of doctrine of the means of grace, and as sta/nding or fall ing by the Apostolic Succession. And as this ?can he formed only in the three great Churches whose continuity has never been interrupted — ' the Western (Roman Catholic), Eastern '.'?(Greek), ? and' English— those three together vuilte up the Universal Church .' — Catholic Religion, by Rev. V. Staley, p 63. ! A High Church Catechism puts the matter thus : — 'How do you know that the Church of \- - England is a branch of the Church Catholic 1 A. Because she is governed by the three orders i of clergy— bishops, priests and deacons, who can trace back their line in an unbroken chain to the days of the apostles, and she is. there fore, in possession of what is called the Apostolical Succession, without lohieh the Church cannot hare existence.' — Grace's Cate ?chi8m, p 19. Thus plain is it that the narrow con ception of the Church of Jesus Christ held in common by Roman Catholicism and High Anglicanism, has grown entirely from the dogma of Apostolical Succession., This bough — the Romish Its Branch— and High Anglican con Bigotry. ception of ' the Church,' —thus developed from the Apostolical Succession theory, has, it will be seen shot forth a branch — bigotry. Whence arises the bitter antagonism of High Anglicans to the great Protestant churches by their side — the Presbyterian, the Methodist, the Congregationalist, the Baptist ? It is all summed up in this : — ' ' Your clergy are not in the Apostolic Suc cession ; they have not been ordained by bishops possessing the powers of the Apostles. Your organisations, accordingly, are no part of the Universal Church of Christ, We, therefore, as members of the Church of Jesus Christ on earth, can have nothing to do with you.' « The following is a fair sample of this bigotry, for the root of which the Ritualistic writer, with perfect accuracy, refers us to the Apostolical Succession theory : — 'The Catholic Church is the home of the Holy Ghost. It is his only earthly home. He does not make his home in. any dissenting sect. Sometimes people quarrel with the Church and break away from her, and make little sham churches of their own. We call these persons dissenters, and their churches sects. ; The Holy Ghost does not dwell with them. He goes and visits them perhaps, but only us a stranger. Dissenters can never be quite sure when the Holy Spirit will come to them ; or when He will stay away. But — and here the writer lets out what the root is from which all this bitter ness and bigotry spring — our Lord said to the Apostles, ' He shall abide with you for ever.' ' (.1 Booh for the Children of God. W. Knott.) Wresting the word ' schism ' from its New Testament application (where it refers, not to separation from a Church or Christian society, but a separation or rift in the Church, as for instance when High Church and Low Church are in angry contention), the charge of schism is hurled at all Christians connected with organisations whose ministry has not been ordained by these so-called ' apostles.' The following are samples : — ' When the Lord's people break away from the A2H-stles , what is it called ? A. Schism. (Catechism by Spencer Jones, ,p 35). ' Those who separate themselves/row the lawful bisjiops become schismatics.' — Catholic Religion, p 35. This dogma of Apostolical Another Succession, having de Branch— veloped (as a bought the Persecution. Romish and Ritualistic limited conception of Christ's Church, and thence again (as a branch) this bigotry, has yet further developed from this false conception of Christ's Church (as another branch) Persecution. It was as schismatics and heretics from ' the true Church,' as limited in their conception by the Apostolic Succession theory, that all the martyrs of Reformation times were persecuted. Offers were made to them again and again that if they would but end their 'heresy' and ' schism ' by returning to the bosom of the true and Catholic Apostolic Church they should escape all penalty. Thus it was in reality the Apostolic Suc cession dogma that condemned to the prison, the rack, the thumbscrew and the fagot, the thousands upon thousands of heroic men and women who, rather than be disloyal to the teachings of Jesus Christ and His apostles to do the bidding of apostate bishops, counted not their very lives dear to them. 2nd Bough: 0n ri«ht side °f ?' Romish Rule °m another of Faith.' huSe tough will be seen, also developed from this Apostolical Succession root — the High Church and the Romish Rule of Faith. The standard . of belief of Ritualism and Roman Catholicism is in the main identical, namely, Scripture, as interpreted by the Church. But when Ritualists and Romanists speak of Scripture ' as it is interpreted by the Church,' they do not at all mean as interpreted by the laity, nor even as it is interpreted by the generality of the clergy, but Scripture as it is authorita tively interpreted by the bishops, especially by the bishops in a council, and this on the supposition that the bishops succeed to the authoritative powers of teaching possessed by the original apostles. Thus it is really from this dogma of Apostolical Succession that the very Romish and Ritualistic Rule of Faith takes itS rise. This is made perfectly plain by Ritualistic authors, as follows : ' The true faith,' we are told, ' was revealed by Christ and His Holy Spirit to the apostles in all its completeness. The apostles handed down this body of teaching to their successors, the bishops. By this means the true faith was to be preserved in the world.' (Catholic Religion, p 37). ' The Councils were great assemblies of Bishops of the Church.. In these Councils the bishops declared the true faith as it had been handed down to them from the a2-ostles.' (Ibid, p 39). 1 Out of this claim for thein Its Branch— fallibility in doctrine of Papal the Bishops in Council, Infallibility, grew the yet bolder claim, promulgated in 1870, which lodged doctrinal infallibility in that particular bishop whom tne Church had long declared to be the supreme head and representative of all the other bishops/ Thus out of the Romish rule of faith — Scriptnre as interpreted by the bishops, The doctrine of Papal Infalli bility grew. (See Diagram.) m We will now turn to H Third Bough— another important de- I \ Transubstan- velopment. from this 11 tiation. 'Apostolical Succes- 11 sion ' root — the Roman II Catholic and High Anglican dogma of H Transubstantiation. How Catholics and M Ritualists develope this Tran substantia- li tion claim from their theory of Apos- |l| tolical Succession, the following ® quotations from High Anglican writers m will make plain : — m ' Jesus took bread and blessed it, and brake 'H it and gave it to the disciples, and said, 1 Take eat, this is my Body.' And lie took the cup' 81 and gave thanks, and gave it to them, . sayin-»' li Drink ye all of it, for this is my blood the New H Testament. By these words our Lord 'instituted 11 the sacrifice of His Body and Blood, com ma nil H ing JIIS APOSTLES AND THElll SVC. 1 CESSOIIS to consecrate bread- and .wine , as I[c m had done, to be his Body and Blood, ,fy.' !® (Catechism of Catholic lleiigion, by Rev. V H Staley, p. 120.) ' ' The t/ucstion. whether the Mass- of the m, Anglican Church -is a real or a, sham our js M answered in Chapter III. (the aim of whicli 111 chapter is to prove that on the Reformation |1 the Church of England continued to be the ill same people and to possess the same Apostolic, iff Orders of bishojis and priests as the Roman '?*# Catholic Church had before)* and may be !~jj§ further decided, by consulting any work showing If the Apostolic Succession, of the Anglican ft ministry.' (Congregation in Church, p 83.) M Thus plain is it that the Romish and 1 High Anglican teaching of Transubstan- 1 tiation and the Mass wholly takes its || rise from and is dependent upon the il ' Apostolic Succession ' theory. -I Equally plain is it that M Its Branch : the adoration or ' wor- if Worship of ship ' of the Host (that M the Host. is, of the supposed very li ?i 'Body and Blood of Christ), M now upon the altar, grows out of the |1 doctrine of Transubstantiation, as a ® branch grows out of the bough. (See 1 Diagram). As a Ritualist authority puts the matter : — 1 ' Think of Jesus on the cross d'ying for you, 'M Think of His coming down upon our altars |l under the forms of Bread and Wine ! Every M crumb on the paten, every drop on the chalice J| has now become the ?whole Body, Blood, Soul, a Spirit, and Divinity of Jesus ! Now is the time M for you to worship Him ! The Servers Mass |1 Book, by Rev. P. Grantham, p 21, London. ] Masters. i A fourth . bough de Fourth Bough : veloped from the prolific 1 Priestly root-dogma of Apostoli- j Absolution, cal Succession is (as is j shown on, our diagram) | the Roman Catholic and High Anglican 1 claim of power to give men priestly ] absolution from their sins. This claim ; is based principally on our Lord's words '.i to His apostles, 'Whose soever sins ye j remit, they are remitted unto them; - and whose soever sins ye retain, they J are retained,' words which, as the New Testament abundantly shows, even the j original apostles never understood as | conferring on them the power of saying | to individual souls as Romish priests do, i Absolvo te (' I absolve thee '), but of so j authoritatively declaring, under inspira- ] tion from the Holy Spirit, God's terms ; of forgiveness and salvation, that who- ) soever sins they' by their teaching de- \ clared to be remitted, they were re- 'j mitted and whosoever sins they by ft their teaching declared to be retained, j they were retained. These words I of our Lord, moreover, were addressed I exclusively to His apostles. Romanists a and Ritualists, however, importing into j j our Lord's words the above-described I meaning which the apostles never drew j from them, then base their claims on { the supposed Apostolic Succession, as j follows : — j ' By these words our Lord constituted the j apostles AND THEIR SUCCESSORS, the j ministers of absolution .' (Catholic Religion, M P 288)- , i ' The authoritative and ministerial jnnvei's oj |n the clergy rest solely on the belief of the validity m of the Ajjostolical Succession.' (Grace's :jgj Catechism, p 44). sj Thus unmistakable is it that the doctrine of priestly absolution is a j growth from and depends upon the ;v unscriptural dogma of Apostolical ^ Succession. Its Branches- JTT . Ga.th?U? ? j ^ The Confession- g^alist priests having al and Penance. th,us arrogated to them- . selves the power oi absolving men from sin, are in 8 j position to dictate the terms on which ? a 1 they are willing to do this. Among I f^e terms on which they insist prior to exercise of this priestly pre rogative are, that the sinner shall con fess to the priest all his sins, and that he shall submit to any penance the priest may impose. Thus, as described in our diagram, Penance and the Gon fessional spring, as branches, from the bough of Priestly Absolution, all three 0{ them being developments from the one root — the so-called Apostolical Succession. On referring once again 5th Bough:— to our diagram, there Indulgences. 'will be seen a further development still from the dogma of Apostolical Succession in the claims of the Papacy as regards Indulgences. Now Indulgences are granted only by the bishops, a plenary Indulgence only by the Chief Bishop of the Church of Bome. And whenever an indulgence is granted, it is on the supposition that the bishop who grants it i8 a successor, and holds the power of the Apostles. Hence the Bull of Popo Leo X. declares 11 that the Roman Pontiff may for reasonable causes by ?tis Apostolical authority grant indulgences.' And while it is thus Sixth Bough— obvious that the Romish Supremacy of claim of power in their the Pope. bishops to grant indul gences springs from the dogma of Apostolical Succession, the same remark applies to Rome's further claim for the supremacy of the Popp. (This it will be observed, constitutesthe topmost bough in our diagram.) The dogma of Apostolical Succession claims for the whole of the Romish, Greek, and Anglican bishops that they have suc ceeded to the office and functions of the original Apostles ; Papal supremacy simply develops from this the further claim that the Bishop of Rome has succeeded to the supposed office and functions of a particular one of the original Apostles, — Peter. This is so obvious that we need not enlarge. 