NEW SOOTH WALES POLITICS. H r . B iid a t J u t fiade himself in a aomairhat. nnoomforteM e position. H * b ia com m itted tho always onpardonable offenoo of haying rem ained too long a t th e hood of tho G overnm ent of N ew Sontb W a le a .a n d h e h u f n rth .r w eakened bia potition h r a series of irreeponoiblo aoto which look very moob lik e efiorta to render th e K in iite r iil position im pregnable. The honorarium granted to Mr. N ejld , M .F., the free postage of mem* bers' letters, and th e promises made to th e farm ers d u rin g the last few days a re all suspicions if not eclually im proper, and they will certainly strengthen th e m otion of censure w hich is now n nder consideration at. the instigation of M r Lyue, the newlyelected leader of tho Opposition. I t w as anticipated th a t tb e vote of w ant of confidence would havo been based oo a desire to a lte r the fiscal policy of tbe M other Colony, and in th a t case i t w oald certainly have been defeated F ederation w ill briug about th e fiscalroform w hich tb e Opposition desire, and both th e H ouse and tbe conotry would have resisted any change during the brief intervening period. I t is do! in th is direction that- Mr. L in e has m oved; be sim ply charges M inisters w ith retaining office by means of tactics w hich are alike discreditable and unconstitutional. The* fate of tho m otion is doubtfol, for Mr. Retd is a m atchless tactician, and certainly will n ot go out of office until he has exhausted every means a t his comm and, more p articu larly as ho would not be entitled to a dissolution of .Parliam ent. T he isaae is of im portance te all the colonies, inasmuch as it is generally assumed l i s t Mr. Retd, a s Prem ier of the M other Colony, would be asked te form tho first F ederal C abinet. This privileg would not pass to his successor in the present ins<auoc. b ut would probably rev ert (o S ir G eorge T u rn er, a far m oro reliable and trustw orthy politician th an tbe present Federal leader. In a n y case, tbe result will be koow n by tbe end of tbe week, and m eanw hile it will be somewhat eagerly looked forw ard to. T ax MtbEa-HoftBieBT CoArarrssioN—The MilflB-Morrieby CommiBaion eat yesterday sad tooV tbe last of Mi Morsieby'e evidence. Then Mr Sligo wae examined, a&d; it is stated that fata evidence has changed the features o! the charge made and their rebuttal. The Committee reeomed their labors this morning.' Stohs T hrowihq—Roy Ah Chung, aged four, residing with his parents in Elizabeth street, has been treated a t the Hospital far & cut over the eye, caused by atone throwing. Ban Pbecidxnt — A proceeding that calls for strong condemnation was adopted at the City Police Court yesterday afternoon. A oabb o f -which no notification was given to tbe Press, and of which the police hare no record, was heard Borne hours after the ordinary cases had been disposed A Nrics reporter made application for the ; wbic of the c refuted. The nature has not been disclosed, and evei trivia) character, the precedent established Locked Uv—Soeaa Palmer was arrested in Liverpool street to-day by Constable Grainger tar being drank and incapable. The experience of being placed in “durance vile’1 ie not » novel one to her. Suian will have an opportunity of answering for her misconduct to tha Magistrates tomorrow morning. B k n ifit Concert.—An entertainment in aid of a deserving charitable cause never is lack of supporters in Hobart, and the benefit io the Town Hall last evening was not an exception. Long before 8 o’clock the front seats and a greater portion of the body of the ball were filled, and those who camo late had to be eattefied with a seat very much at the back. A very creditable programme was presented, composed of instrumental, and vocal items, to which tbe following ladieB and gentlemen contributed :—Mrs Pierce Keating, Mieses R, P. Sinclair, Daisy Hart, Enid Osborne, C. Kelly, Base, F. Johnson, Meears Sydney Moore, C. E, Aeth-y, Malcolm Johnston, Percy Johnson, E. MoNamara, Shortly before tbe termina­ tion of the eonoert Mr Henry Shirley, tbe energetic hon. secretary, on behalf of tbe hotf/iriorc, thanked those who had attended, also those those who had so unselfishly eaid that as near as be could tell he would have the handsome sum of from £20 to £Bfi to hand over, and it certainly would comfort the leneficiare to know that she respected aa to warrant such an attendance a t the Town HaU on her behalf. Sw irr and Co’s Sale for Bargains is all-wool Coating Serges j a dress length for 5s fid. 41 Murray street. BurcHxae’ V arix tt CosrraNT—As is usual, the Butchers’ Variety Company were accorded a bumper house on their reappearance a t the Temperance Ball last evening. The first part of the programme was characteristically up-to-date. Tba jokes and witticisms wete original, and caused muchmerriment,Kenny Ward being fine form after his recent mibhap. Tba ornsea were very pretty and well rendered, and those entrusted with tbe concerted items acquitted themselves admirably. Tbe following was the first part of the programme Overture, Mr E CrippBf chorne, “ I a Mascotte," Butchers' Variety Company; comic effusion, “ I ’Jl forgive him,” Jack Clark ; song and chorus, “ Lily of Lunguna,” Marie llook; seriocomic duet, “ You can’t believe tbe m en/' Queenie Mead and Daisy McCourt; Bong, “ London Life,*' Ernie Newton *, “ Pop pop, popefcy not,” Kenny Ward; Highland fling, Ciasie Snow and Era Taylor; song and chorus, “ P arted;' Ute Gawkes \ comic turn* " Father’s got a job,” Johnny Clark; song, “ Look back,” Robert Howard t coon song," Lu In, you, ma honey," Eva Hook; comic kick up, “ Tbe ruety grenadiers," Frank Ju st; eong, "N ight birds cooing," Florrie W allaer; comig, “ Ob, what do you think," Charlie Gregory. After the interval a very creditable variety programme was presented, to which the following contributed .-—Mrs Gawkes j Misses Ciesie Snow, Eva Taylor, Queeuie Mead, Daisy McCourt, Marie Hook; Messrs Jack Clark, Johnny Clark, and Kenny Ward. A roost eojoyable entertainment concluded with a farce entitled “ Thompson's Ghost.’ which, for the apace of 20 minntoa, had th house convuleea. C w itt 4kp Co/is Sale for Calicoes, Sheeting*, Towels, Flannelettes, etc., aU a t clearing prices. 41 Murray street. 8\. John's Association.—The fourth entertainment of the season took place last eight, in tbe Schoolroom, Ooslhon streetwhen an excellent orchestral concert was given by ten performers, under Mr J. Brown a* leader, Mr F. a . ritraan conducting. The items comprised Hermes's overture,'* Diademe" ; Sullivan's “ Gon. dollars,” Deacon’* “ Mignonette" waltz, and “ Boeder’s « Royal aalato M march. In addition Maafer McCann played pianoforte *olo « La Tyrol" and the "E xhibition " m arch; and Mr J. tjeowa gave a mandolin solo; Mrs Hodgman sang G, B, Allen’s *’ Unrest ” aid " Why must wa eay good bye Mr A. Whitworth (who we are sorry to learn is leaving Hobart) eang Barrie'* *' fikipper's Sag " and “ Quean of tbe earth. ’ All the item* were well received by an attentive and appreciative audience. At tbe close of the eonoert Oauoa Finsie moved a hearty vote of thanks to the performers. QUIWBUUtOX 1HD WlTROrOLITAN D&AiNAex;— -In pDianance of tbe resolution of the Qaeenborough Town Board, the Chairman (Mr A. Eckford) bae called -i meeting a t tbe Mayor's Courtroom for 6 •’clock to-morrow evening, so th at tho*e who ace averse to tho scheme of the Metropolitan Drainage Hoard can make artangements with the Queenborough residents tar holding pablio meetings in opposition to it. Dxnwxnt Hall- A very pleMsnt mtuioel evening wasepentat the Derwent mission work, gramme wae presented, and ail the items received the hearty applause and high appreciation of the audience. N tw BufiiuxsB,—Mr A. F. Livingstone ie making a display in clothing, ties, etc., at bis establishment, 126 Liverpool street, »ud will be opening out fresh lines shortly. 