LOVE THE ALCHYMIST. The scent of Banksia roses and blown heliotrope, and on the verandahs pillars the mauve of clematis and the gold of canaries in a tender blur of colour and form. . . . There was crimson behind the belt of oaks across the sweep of park land, and the melancholy tinkle of sheep bells echoed in a ghostly fashion through the evening's haze. From beneath the verandahs shade came the sound of two low voices. Blanche Eversleigh, with the insincere face that seemed typical of her hollow and thoughtless character, was looking at the man at her side, weighing him the balance.... The man was looking with unseeing eyes at the glow behind the oaks and biting his pale lips. How that red glow and that faint scent of roses became the potent recalls of that hour in the long years that for I loved ! It seemed that some scene - perhaps ['some final scene-was drawing to its close. Presently, quite calmly, the man put his hand across his eyes as though unconscious, or shearing, of the effect on her of his unconventional action. He sat silent for awhile, as though he had forgotten his companion. Then- " The eve of my departure !" she said reflectively, almost as if to herself, He turned and stalled. " You will be better off at Nice than I shall be in Green-street," he said vaguely. '. I shall be lonely, though," she said. He looked up quickly. That look and that eager lighting of the grey eyes ; she had expected-and intended. "You will-really?" His tone was quite what she had known it would be hopeful, excited, sensitive ! Through the warm summer months that had slipped past she had learned to know that unsteady voice of his, and to be glad of it. It testified so obviously to his love, to his subjection, to his devotion. Other men had grown to be as he had been before, and she had laughed at them-and she would laugh at this one presently. She was light some said, and worthless and hollow; she loved only the gay things of this world; her nature was but a butterfly's, a doll's, vain and heart- less, pleased only when admired. , Claude Reeves had got up from the low chair by the pots of scented leaves and calceolarias, and, although his face had changed colour and his voice grew a trifle strained, it was. quite calmly and composedly that he asked her to be his wife. It seemed ten minutes to him-ten interminable years of suffering - before she answered him. The sheep bells and the wood pigeon's note and the sleepy rustle of the oaks filled in the silence. Then-" I never thought of anything of the kind, she said slowly. A pause, before his brain took in the import of her words; then he flushed from lip to brow painfully. "I did not see you loved me," she went on; -"I did not understand you meant all you said to be taken in sincerity. In our world, you must know that" He walked to the end of the verandah that looked towards the south, and stood silent with his back to her. What little of love, what little of charm or of poetry his lonely life had offered him, seemed slipping back into the melancholy past. He turned white, feeling less, cold as ice, and almost as hard. "Then we say the time honoured phrase * Good-bye for ever 1' " he said daily. - Like they do in the novels," she said " and the foolish pair meet at Goodwood or Lord's next season, by chance to be posting letters at the same pillar, or turn up apropos of nothing, in the middle of the Sahara." / " We will hope such an ill luck will not befall us that it is usually fictional," he said. " One does not care to meet a woman of whom one has no opinion." There was a long dead pause. She reddened slowly, and he saw it. Then without touching hands, he left her. " Are you out there still, Blanche ?" The French windows opened, and Sarah Ducie, the society woman to whom the house and the oak woods belonged, stepped out from her over-scented boudoir. She did not wait for her friend to answer, but went on talking quickly, as had become her habit. "And has Claude Reeves gone? Foolish man ! I told him he was to dine with us and catch the last train back. Your good-bye evening, too. Edmund" (Edmund was her somnolent but in- offensive husband) " has got out nothing in the corpse, or something equally exciting. . . . How do you think this new mauve muslin looks - Mauve, my dear! The very tone that old thief Angout warned me against. But I knew better. For town wear, I grant you, it makes one look too pale, but here it's the very shade of the Hydrangeas aren'ttlaey odd ?" Sarah paused, perhaps for want of breath. Blanche was looking the other way. OF ! just as usual," she said, vaguely. " Proposes?"' Blanche did not answer. Sarah Ducie leant forward with a business like air. At that moment it struck Blanche as a pity that Sarah always looked so painfully artificial especially in the country. " My dear creature !" - Sarah's face was full of concern " why on earth didn't you have him? Money, refine- ment, position, a charming house in Green-street (which, with a few alterations, would suit a bride down to the ground), a good temper, no relations, | brains-" " Oh I don't," .... Blanche was shivering, " Think of all the chances you have wasted - simply thrown away ! Why, there was Scott, and the little Marchant with the read hair, and the long man in the 17th. Did you find any of these butterflies more amusing than Claude Reeves ?" "I am sure I do not know. If they were too light, he is too serious. I think I find him less fascinating-" , " Well, c7iacn.it a son. gout, of course ! But, speaking plainly, you are not so young as you were Blanche."' The woman in the low chair by the Banksia roses whitened just a little. There was a long silence. A dragon fly, in coat of iridescent blues and green hovered over the water in the fountain's basin. There was a bee, too, on the mask in the corner, buzzing - buzzing. Blanche felt she must say something. " No, I atna failure all round' she said, in a flat voice. " But how did you match the chiffon ?-Mauvo3 are so aw- r fully confusing." ? "Angout did it. She really is a treasure. As "" 1 tell Edmund, if I had to go to a cheaper woman it would kill me ! Get her to freshen up your- white silk," " Yes perhaps she would." " She could easily post it on to Nice," " Of course," said Sarah. "And anything else?" There was no answer. " You are sure you have forgotten nothing?" Still silence. . . . " Why, Blanche, what is the matter ?" Quite suddenly, as she sat there with the glow from behind the oaks cruelly lighting up her face, Blanche began sobbing. "I - don't know, Sarah. I-I don't think I can be quite well !" she said, brokenly. Sarah finding nothing to say, went into the house, lost in meditation. She loves him, I'll be bound. I fancied she did when I found that rose he gave her in her glove box. Well, time will show-" Somehow the wild gay life in the South of France was not so distracting as it used to be. Blanche Eversleigh, was shocked to find herself growing quite romantic, especially when any lurid sun effect reminded her with painful distinct- ness of a certain glow of crimson behind an English strip of woodland. She would tell herself, when these stray moments of memory, like uninvited guests, came to torture her, that she did not care in the very faintest degree - that her life, with its rush and whirl of dead gaiety, was sufficient for her wants that Claude, and everything to do with that chapter of life in which he so largely figured, was gone for ever, and well lost.... And, in the very midst of excitements that failed signally to chase away her ennui, and amusements that endeavoured in vain to turn her sense of bitterness to one of pleasure. Blanche Eversleigh got fever. It had been creeping about the coast for some time, the doctors said she was an easy prey because undermined by irregular hours and too much frivolity. The people she was staying with sent for Sarah Ducie to come down and stay - Sarah, who, it had been said was always usefully bored if she were not dancing four- nights out of the six, but who, through all, was the truest friend that Blanche Eversleigh owned. No nurse, no doctor, not even Sarah (in the very latest thing in dressing gowns), could avoid her thinking. All day, and sometimes all night long, the busy brain would worry and argue with itself. Her very incapacity to move her helpless dependency on. others, somehow bade her. stop to pause to consider. She lay, feverishly, impo tently, longing that yesterday might yet be given back to her that she might hear some of its wounds, and make its dis- cords harmony for ever. . . . Her love for Claude, killing all other affection shared once by many became a mania, a passion :' she would wonder what he was doing, saying, thinking ; even in her dreams, troubled by the nightmares of a thoughtless past, she always met him. Sometimes he would refuse to speak to her, sometimes he was telling her she was light and worthless and despicable. Sometimes they were strolling together in the sunshine. She would start up shrieking wildly, begging imploring in her delirium that he could see how she had stoned how she had also suffered, And then no answer came, and the short hot airless nights glimmered by films of shadows to the day, she would be back, sick with an intense exhaustion, only to wonder. wonder. And then the climax came. The window where the creepers peeped was wide open; soft breaths from the sea shook the draperies to and fro, over everything outside had fallen the calmness of a cloudless afternoon." From the gardens below, where the syringe and the lemon scattered their scented flowers: came the sound of someone sing- ing .' Quand in charge " very softly. The white face on the pillow seemed to be very calm too - calm with the placid semi-consciousness that is like the bush before a storm. ~ "*' y's """' "Sarah!" It was the first time she had spoken the nature for weeks. "Why do you wear the mauve now, when it is so bitterly cold ? . Cold ! That was what he called me, hard as frozen snow; he said, and"beneathhis contempt, and yet. . . ." Sarah was kneeling by the bed, and her eyes were blurred and soft with something that was not artificial. She pressed the thin hand on the sheet, but could answer nothing. Outside bird began singing. " Claude !" the name rang in a mad, will appeal through the warm, still room. " I am crying to you. Are you listening ? You used to say you would always listen when I spoke, dear. Why won't you touch my hand ? Speak to me? Kneel down here and press your face on this cool coverlet! Are you angry. Claude ? No ! Why. your eyes are quite well my dearest -- though you are standing out there in the sunshine. ... I know I was light and vain, but indeed, indeed, I am not now. If you could but believe me! What? You are going away P No, do not go ! Be just a little sorry - just a little merciful ; I did not teach, you to be so ah! You. say that, do you? You are right, Claude ; true' in all you say, all you say, all you think of me ! Did I teach you to be hollow and insincere as I was Did influence your life for harm ? Ah ! tell me, no !.. . Why how wet your lashes feel, against my fingers, Claude ! Perhaps the sun hurts your eyes, dear. And, speaking of that, do you remember the glow behind the oaks? You said you would do a picture of it ! And the wood-pigeon's call afar off in the twilight ? . . ... And you said I should be your star of life for ever your star of life, you whispered - and now you have forgotten. And now . . . I wonder do you care that it is all over ? I know I ended it myself that it was all my fault ! 1 had so many affairs ; I did not realise that ours had gone deeper . . . deeper . . . Claude, I did not care once, but now Forgive me I cannot harm you now ! O heart ! O life ! . .' . come . . . come . . .'' And that night, while a broken and de- sultry sleep fell upon the fagged brain to still its incessant wanderings, Sarah's plump hand shook as she wrote a message to Claude Reeves. Another fortnight of suspense, and Blanche Eversleigh was out in the cool- ness of the villa garden with the indefatigable Sarah, who was almost mysterious enough to make' the. convalescent angry. It was all about a certain visitor they might expect that evening. The night fell on the head of short curls that was resting back against the pillows, on the green shade across the the eye. 3 that the fever had weakened and spoiled. She had turned to Sarah, begging her to divulge her secret. "Never mind., my "dear-," said she, -' you'll know presently." Sarah had been knitting ; the ball of wool had fallen to the grass. Blanche stooped to pick it up, the thin hand grop- ing as if blindly before she captured it. Someone coming up over the lawns that moment saw the little scene with eyes not guiltless of an unusual moisture. He caught sight, too, of the end of Sarah's sequined sash as she escaped into the house. Then the world f,3 ned to have turned back a page or two of its history, for it was Claude Reeve's low voice that was asking the invalid wore she better Claude's hands holding her's one more ! They sat there talking till a, littlo.brasz3 came up from the sea, and, then they turned indoors: ' It all seemed like a j dream to blanche, and as in a dream | one does not stay to question why or j wherefore, she did not pause to wonder 1 what had brought him back to her. Perhaps - who knows ? - he saw some dawning of a new emotion in the pale face that so slowly seemed winning back its roses, for, when the tender lights of a Riviera eventide, calmed and softened everything, he asked her again to be his wife. Of course, Sarah was delighted ; of course, the entire English colony came en fete to the wedding, and covered them with flowers and when she had been allowed another week for convalescence, Claude asked her where the honeymoon should be We will go to London to your rooms, she said, "to the very spot where you lived out your life before you met me." V It would be too cold, they said Claude must ask medical advice. When he came back from the doctor's villa on the hill there was no one in their rooms but Sarah, who, unlike her energetic self, was standing doing nothing at the window. He came in, paper white, and touched her arm. " Where is Blanche ?" he said. "She is at the Crofts'; they have a rose tea, at which everyone is to have a bouquet." There was a pause. Then Sarah paled. "The news?" she said. "You asked?" When Reeves spoke his voice was hard and rough. " He says, as far as he can judge, she is incurable she can do as she pleases. It would be best to let her have her way." A shadow as of some heavy cloud fell over Sarah's society face. "Then you will go, I suppose ?" she said daily. She seemed lost in deep thought for a moment; then she went over to Claude. " My friend," she said and, although the tears were running down her face, her eyes were full of hopefulness ; " it was love she wanted, Claude; she has got it now. She will live. Do not despair." So to London and Green-street they went, arriving on a dull, chill day late in a murky afternoon. After a cosy tea by the fire, Blanche insisted on looking round his rooms the rooms to which he had returned only last summer, the night she had refused him. " It seemed so odd-so sudden." she said suddenly ; " and now-now," slipping her arms around his neck, '. now we are bride and bridegroom." , " Don't think of what's over !" he said " look at the picture over there. Do you recognise the spot, dear?" She went up and looked at it. "Why, it's a bit of Suffolk-, Claude! Why did you paint the oaks as though you loved them ?" She turned, pushing up the shade across her eyes, on to the soft tendrils of cropped hair. " I did love the you forced me to. And then - I loathed them !" he said gently. She turned again to the picture, saying nothing, and he fancied she was only recalling the view of wood and copse from Sarah's flower verandah. - Butwhen.amomentlater, she turned her face to his, he saw that the great tears were running down it, from beneath the green shade. '.''' " How you must have sufferer !" she said brokenly; "how you must have suffered." He did not answer, save to press her hand; it seemed safest to keep silence if he were to keep his composure. He walked to the window and stood staring out of it. She came up behind him, putting her arms round him, twining and entwining her restless fingers. "I want to make a confession," she said. He laid his hand softly across the unsteady lips, "Not now Not now!" he urged. " I must, Claude. Hear me now. When in the old days you showed me that you loved me, I was glad, hideously glad. When yon seemed, in my fancy, to slacken off, it made me miserable, through all that time that seems a nightmare to me now, I never meant to treat you so seriously-to love you in return. You were my toy-no, dearest, I must speak. I liked to play until I broke you. . . . Then, that day you left me, I woke up. . . .' Claude, I could sleep no longer dream no longer. Your shadow haunted me; the very scent of those Banksia roses grew a horror. Your face, like some ghost's face, mocked and laughed at me. And now. . . - Look at me now, . . . Why, Claude, why, you are crying. Never mind. There-never mind me. If I can have no longer, why, should you be so sorry for me ?" The light fell on her upturned face. Would Sarah's words prove false ? Was their brief pleasure doomed so soon to fade ? Dying ? She ? She leaned upon his" breast, staring into his face-the shade torn off from over the pitiful eyes with the violet circles round them. " Speak speak," she said, in. a hoarse whisper, emotional with the hysteria of a half-recovery. "Tell me you have quite forgiven me-" " Forgiven you, my darlings" Her face was distorted with the unreasoning fear that he would desert her. .. And you will never let me go ? Never ? Never ? Never fall off from loving me never turn from caring just the same ?" He put his strong arms round her closer. " Hush hush ! Everything's all right," he said, but the pallor of his face seemed to give the lie to his calm words. " You are here Blanche, safe with me. None can take you from me. . . . Why, look at the light on the Suffolk picture, dear. It has given it a real sun- set behind the pollard oaks." She turned and looked quite com- posedly at it; the tempest of passion, of emotion, seemed to have passed away, but over the sad eyes, strained and red, stole a blinding veil of tears. "My eventide !" she said, but half aloud. " And I am going to be so strong in its strong and sincere, brave and very patient; and you shall never call me false again-never say that I am only a shirt without a heart to love with. Never call me lying, treacherous, hollow-" She dropped her face into - her hands. Somehow he could find no reassuring words just then; speech had forsaken him. And this. The first day of their honeymoon, . . . Then she looked up. "You- you think I shall be myself again ?'' The light behind the pictured oaks grew deeper and deeper. "My child-we cannot tell. I only know that love like ours-" He paused and kissed her. She smiled, and he thought she had recovered her composure. " Love heals many wounds, he quoted softly, " and you and I, Blanche-" She was looking straight past him out into the gathering autumnal darkness. Suddenly, the terrible fear of something she did not understand seemed to over- take her. She swayed-tottering bundy-and would have fallen had he not been near her. She clung to him, sobbing like a frightened child. " Claude ! Claude the cry rang out wally, loudly through the silence of the darkening room I want to live! I want to live !" is ' 2 3 4 5 .' # Three mouths came and went. Claude Reeves and his wife were down at Sarah's house in Suffolk on a long visit. " It is just as I predicted ; you are as well now as ever !" Sarah would explain a hundred times a week. " Love is one of the cleverest doctors going. When I was engaged, poor Edmund would actually write me love poems, though he has written nothing since. And I remember how annoyed he was when I lit my spirit stove with one of his pet left us ions ! . . . . Perhaps it was that indignity that nipped his classic music in the bud.' Blanche was standing at the boudoir window, looking out over teachers of fallen leaves to a certain break in the oaks where the road to the village met the drive. She did not appear to have heard a word of Sarah's reminiscences, for presently she said, quite vaguely " He will be back here in a moment. He has only gone to the post. . . . Sarah, I sometimes think that if Claude and I had never chanced to meet again Sarah smiled, but inwardly, at the thought of a scribbled message sent one night from Nice to Green-street. But she said nothing, and, as a man's shadow darkened the window, and his quick steps crossed the verandah to the door, she ran away to trim a hat till dinner time. The quick steps paused at the door, and came in. He walked over to Blanche with the late afternoon sun gilding his face and the sleeve of his rough tweed coat. "Not tears?" He lifted his wife's fair face and kissed it. A gust of wind blew a sheaf of leaves against the window. No! No! Not really I was only thinking. Claude! sweetest dearest ... I wonder why I am so ridiculously happy The Gentlewoman. 