SKETOHER. / ON THE TRAIL OF A GHOST. I Thero haB been published this week a book I undor the title of ' Tho Alleged Haunting of B— — House,' whioh .should oauso no little j Bcir in psyohioal and spiritualist oiroles. It is edited by tho Marquis of Buto and Miss Goodrioh Freer — tho 'Miss X' who figured j prominently iu tho oontroversy two years ago. ' B Houso ' — for obvious reasons its roal namo and that of its proprietor are not given by Lord Buto, but it is well known to bo Balleohin Houso to Perthshire — having tho bad reputation of being haanted, was taken on leaso by the Marquis, and Colonel Taylor, a well-known Sptri- I tualist, pat to possession to investigate mat- I tors with the aid of Miss Freer and other Roman Catholio ' friends. They all kept diaries, whioh recorded thoir ghostly export- ouoes, aad this book telk the whole Htory. It is a oupitul. book for the holidays. It aarrieB on every page the eloments of never ending wonder, speculation, and aoeptioism, to make thiDgs lively on rainy days at tho ooast or in the oountry. We make somo oharaoteristia selections when lobs bute HEABD Of II. I It was to 1892 that Lord Bate first heard I ui uio nuunung or a moose ta x ortn- | shire. Here is an extract from his journal : I — August 7. In afternoon with Father I H and Lord Dnmfriea to Falkland. Ho gives a; long aooonnt of tho physioal dis- I turbanoes at B ; noises between bis bed I and the ooiling, liko ooutinaous explosions of I potards, so that ho could not hear himBolf I speair. Father H said he had spoken of I the mattor to Mr S— — (the proprietor), who expressed an idea that the disturbances | might be caused by his nnole, the late Major I S , who waa trying co attraot attention in order that prayers might be offered for tho repose of his soul. The Restless Ma joe 8——. I Major S was born to 1806, retired 1 from the Indian army with the rank of major to 1860, and died in 1876. His two I brothers died nnmarried, and of .his six sls- I ters three married and a fourth, Isabella, I entered a nunnery, and there profossod the uame of 'Franoes Helen.' She died to 1880. Tho Major bequeathed B to the repre- I eoutatives of his married sister Mary, and on j j his death was snooeeded by her seoond son I John, who was a Roman Oatholio. The Major was a believer iu spirit retnrn, and many witnesses have attested that he fre quently spoke of his own retnrn after death. He was fond of dogs, and lie frequently in timated his intention of entering the body of a particular blaok spaniel whioh ho pos- I oesood ; bat after his death alt his dogs, to- - 1 oluding the spaniel, wero shot, in order to | render auv suoh nation an liia nnrt im. I possible. I Snmi Rap foe Ma joe's Suooessob. i John S ; , his snooessor, went to London I in X895 on family , business, and was there J run over by u cab und killed. Lord Bate, iu hie . journal, under date January 17th, I 1897, says— '1 hoar that the morning tho I late S — - of B left home for the last I time, spirits oame and- rapped to him in his I room, doubtless to warn him, so that death was owing to the oruol superstition whioh had prevented him allowing them to bo with.' Pnth'a int. mant seems to have been tho Rev. Blr David Hunter Blair, now Father Blair of Fort Augustus Monastery. The sou, Captain 8 , at onoe let the honao and the shoot ings to Colonel Taylor as the nominal bat Lord Buto as the real tenant ; and then the fun began. i Young Labi akd the Spooks, I mrs tr. writes A young lady of by no I means timid disposition, and possessed of I great presence of mind, has often heard the I swing door pnshed open and footsteps oom- I tog along the oorridor, pausing at the door. 1 The footsteps sho had also heard going round her bed. Many visitors have had the same I experiences, and many have heard tho wild I unearthly shriek wbioh has ruag through the I I house at midnight.' The Clock Stbuok One. Mrs G. gives her own experiences ' Tho firMt. niryht: ullYona of ill Kr»f I I — O wo AUUU ITiUg night a succession of thundering knooks I oamo from the end of the passage. Half an I hour afterwards my huBband heard a pioro- ing shriek. Tho next night we heard single I knooks at different doors. The last night of our visit, I heard the olook strike one, and | immediately it 1 ceased six violent blows I shook oar own door on its hinges, followed by deop groans. A man with bronzed eom- I plexion and bent figure has been seen by I two friends of mine. They both desoribe I him as having oomo through the door, and I passing through tho room to whioh they I I woro, uboat three to the morning.' I FinsT Sianr of the Nun. I Miss Freor's journal of hor exporionoes is I vory good reading :— -Tho maids tell me tney hoard tho .sounds of oontinuous roading I aloud, whioh afterwards- bsoamo quite jouuuur. xuu uuuua wus always tnat woll j known to Roman Oatholios, as that of a I priest saving his offioo.' Wo decided to j walk in the avenue. It was quite dork; but I tho enow gloamod so whito that wo could see our way to the plantation. In a fow minutes I stopped. Against tho Bnow I saw a light blaolt figuro— a woman moving I slowly up tho glon. She stopped and turned I and looked at mo. Whon she oame under I tho tree she disappeared. The others saw | nothing.' In a letter to Lord Bnto under I Fobruury 26, 1890, Miss Freer describes this figure with some dotail: — 'These figures do not appoar before 6.30 at earliest. They appoar to bo ontliued by threads of light. It is only when the faoe appears in profile that one oan desoribe the features, and this is somewhat prevented by tho nun's veil. ' Isbbel appoars to me to bo slight and of fair height. Hor hair is dark, and there is an intensity of gaze whioh is rare in light coloured eyes., Lord Bute identifies tho nun as probably Miss Isabella S— — , the favourito slater of Major 8 , who be came a nun to 1860 and died in 1880. The Doo and the Spook; 'February 16—1 bad an oxperienoe this morning wbioh should bo rooorded. I was writing. 1 felt a distinot gentle pnsb against my ohair. I thought it was the dog, but ho was not there. I wont on writing, whon oame another deoided posh against myself whioh moved mo on my ohair. I looked baok ward, the room waa empty. When Mrs W— — oame in sho oallod my attention to the dog, who was gazing intently from the hoarthrng at tho plaoe whero I had expeotod to seo him. Ibiidel' and ' Maeoet/ 'I Baw the nnn again, and an older woman in grey, who talkod earnestly with her, she answering at intervals. My com panions hoard the voioes, but did not soo the figures. The older woman afterwards beoame familiar, and the name of ' MargeP waa given to her half iu fnn, and simply beoanse this was one of the two names given by the ' Ouija' board — used by Spiritual ists—to hypnotio writing, as 'Ishbel was also given several times when hor namo was asked.' 'February 10— I saw 'Ishbel' and ' Marget' in tho old spot aoroBS the .bnrn, ' Ishbel' was on her kbees in the attitude of weeping, 'Marget' apparently reasoning with hor in a loud voioe. I oould not hoar what was said for the noise of the barn. Miss M— said, 'I saw nothing bat I heard a low talking." Tho editors in a foot-note say The nun to whom was given the name of ' Ishbel.' This enbjeot has been already disonssed, and the suggestion thrown out that the phant asm was an erroneous mental piotnre of the late Rev Mother FranoeB -Helen, evolved from tho imagination of a half- educated person who had never soen the lady to question, and knew little abont her. This figuro was seen many times by Miss Fraser and Miss Langton, twioe by tho Rev Mr Q.— -,' and probably by Madame Boisseaux. who unhappily died suddenly before the editors had an opportunity of asking hor for oxaot information. There woro also earlier witnesses. Sho was never soon else where than to tho glen, exoopt onoe by MieB Langton, and on the one ooonsion whon a Bishop was saying Mass in tho house, and Miss Froor saw her outside the window jast after the elovatioa of tho ohalioe. It was stated, however, by two soparato witnesses, that a figure, probably the same, bad been soen inside the house on at least one oooaeion, when, some years before Colonel ! Taylor's tenanoy, Mrs 8 was keeping her room, and a maid who was bringing np | a tray met the figure on the stairs, and : experlenood snoh a start that she dropped the tray. The lay-woman drossed to grey to ( whom waa given the name of ' Marget/ and who was sometimes seoa in the oompany ol | ' Ishbel,' usually as though upbraiding or : reproving hor. She was soen by Miss Freer and Miss Langton, and her voioe in con versation with ' Ishbel' was heard not' only by them, but by Mr O — — and Miss Moore, Mr ' Q./ and Miss ' Doff.' the han with the lihp. ' I TTrtVl«rict tty Ol A nam Xltia mamiihm <«a IUIO 1UUAUIU( VTO I heard noises of pattering in the next room. Tho dog got np and sat apparently watching j something invisible to us, turning his heat I slowly us if following the movements of I somo person or thing aoross the room from eaBb to wost. Daring tho night Miss Moore keard footstops crossing the room, aB of an j eld invalid man snuffling in slippers.' Miss |H , another visitor, also heard the atepB I of an old man with a moBt peculiar limp. I HE TAKES THE DUSINBSS IN HAND. I Lord Bate, in a private letter on April 29 I to a distinguished eoolesiastio, says ' We I spent 48 hoars at B . On tho way I I was shown tho enoloBur in tho churohyard I wheroto lie, to unmarked graves, the late I Major 8 , his housekeeper, ond hiB I Indian servant. I wonld have gone and I prayed there, bat the place seemed to mo too I tinhlin. Thn hmioA in hrtclif. nnd nhnnrf nl I As her ladyship and myself did not wish to be troabled at night, we took room to the wing whioh the late Major 8 had built in order to save bis ohildren from the haunting/ and we slept their quite oom- fortable.- After 0 p.m. I went to the place near the bnrn where the apparition often uppeared. I read aloud the .' vespers ' for the dead, but no phenomenon appeared, nor I had I any sensation. About 7.30 I went to room No. 5 and read aloud the first ' Noo- turn of the dirge ; ' thoro was nothing to be seen or heard, oat I felt a strong sonsation that persons were listening. (Tho words, in ottering which Lord Bato was thus affected, were—' Regem oui omnia vivant venite ad oremus/ an invitation whioh he meant to inolndo all intelligent beings). During tbo night slept well, Saw and heard nothing. Next day visited haunted burn; saw nothing. At 10 o 'olook, to room D, read the third ' Nooturn/ made slips of pronunciation and felt the presenoo ef others very strongly, and that it waa hostile or evil, as though they were kopt at aims length. A disagreeable sensation oonunuea nntu i tnrew some noty water on my bed before getting into it, when it Bnd- denly disappeared.' The Last Bang. ; i iuiss nreer, in a letter to Liora Date, in I describing the departure of a visitor— Mdme Boisseaux— says— ' While waiting for the I carriage she touohed my arm and pointed to the window, where I peroeived the figure of 'Ishbel/ and 'Marget' seemed to hover to the baokmonnd. After Mdme'n Hnnarl.iire I the Bishop blessed the honse from top to I bottom. Ha sprinkled rooms 1, 3, and 8 I with holy water. He and tho priests had I hardly gono when there waa a loud bang on I a little table. Tho Bishop and priests re turned and tho oeremony was repeated, I after whioh the bang ocaarred, bat mnoh more faintly. ThiB bang was the laBt phenomenon of an abnormal kind daring this tenanoy. Shallow and Impudent Imtostubb. As a suggestive pendant, it is worth re- oalltog the trenohunt artiolo of the 'Times' writer, to whioh he denounoed the whole affair as a great impostnre. Here is an extraot :— 'Lord Bute's oonfideaoe has been grossly abused by some one. It i was re presented to hica that he was taking the most haunted house to Scotland — a houso with an established reputation for mys-, teriouB, if not supernatural disturbances. What ho haB got is a houso with no reputa tion whatever of that kind, with no hUtory, with nothing germane to his purpose beyond a olond of baaeloss rumours produoed during! the last 12 months. Who is responsible for this imposture it is not my business to toqnire, but that it is an imposture of the most shallow and impudent kind there oan hp no manner of doubt. Tho whole thing hits been fudged up in London.' 