THE SACRAMENTS AND THE TREASURES OF REDEMPTION. But man is frail. The Redeemer knows the clay of which we are formed. Enemies visible and in visible will envy those gifts with which the Christian soul has been enriched. The blessings of Re demption are at hand once more to meet our wants. The Sacraments are so many streams that flow from Calvary. They purify the soul from every taint and every stain, they restore to it every grace that may have been lost or forfeited, they add ever more and more from the exhaustless fountain of the Redeemer's love new stores of abiding merits and blessings. Thus it is that the treasures of Redemp tion are brought to the very doors of every frail man and woman, no matter how sinful they may be, and the Redeemer's Love, not content with having purchased us at a great price, is busy going to and fro to impart new treasures to the souls He has bought. The great fountain, open to the house of David, is full and free to all, and beside it there stands One under the plane-tree that shadows it over who cries to the souls of men : 'All you that thirst, come to the waters ; and you that have no money, make haste, buy and eat.' (Is. LV. 1.) We need some befitting worship, some due expres sion of the homage which we owe to God. He Himself, once immolated to the Father for the salvation of the world, will not forsake us. He re mains with us, our High Priest and Victim, ever present on our altars, an abiding holocaust of love. Thus the prophecy of Malachyis fulfilled 'from the rising of the sun even to the going down, My name is great among the nations, and in every place there is sacrifice, and there is offered to My name a pure oblation ; and great is My name among the nations, saith the Lord of hosts.' (I. 11.) THE KINGDOM OF GOD ON EARTH. What shall I say of the Kingdom of God ? His Church, instituted by the Redeemer as the treasury and storehouse of all the riches and graces and blessings of Redemption. He declares that He shall ever be with the Church, He ' the way, the truth, and the life.', 'the same yesterday, to-day, and for evermore.' His Divine light shall never cease to enlighten it, His life-giving manna shall be the precious bread of His children ; the tender ness of an infinite love shall await the lambs and sheep of the fold. Everything in Holy Church — outward communion, visible worship, the beauty of God's house, the Sacraments we receive, the sacri fice which isofieredup, the saints whom we venerate — binds the hearts of the faithful as members of the same household in brotherly love, and links their affections to a Heavenly Fatherland on earth, a figure of the fatherland to come. THE COMMUNION OF SAINTS. The Communion of Saints is another priceless blessing that comes to us through the Incarnation of Our Saviour. The Angels, as the Apostle tells us, have become our fellow-citizens. In their golden censers they offer our prayers to the Most High. The Saints whose heroism of self-sacrifice, and whose perfection of virtue made manifest in deeds of piety and penance, have won for. them the aureola most pleasing to God, are our brothers in the faith. They have walked the same paths of pil grimage, they know our needs, they plead in our behalf. Above all, the Queen of Angels and Saints, loved and honoured by her Divine Son beyond all other creatures, has become a heavenly mother to us to shelter us in every peril, and to obtain for us all the graces of which we stand in need. We must not omit the crowning blessing of all. The resurrection of Our Saviour is the trophy of our own triumph over Satan and sin and death. Christ ascending into heaven, the King of Glory, has pre pared a place for us in the Kingdom of His Father, in the possession of His treasures, and of His never ending delights. The Redeemer's promise shall be fulfilled : ' I am the resurrection and the life. Whosoever believeth in Me shall live. I will raise him up at the last day. Then shall the just shine as stars in the Kingdom of their Heavenly Father.' This will be the crowning blessing of the Incarna tion of Our Saviour, For all eternity we shall be associated with Him in His triumph, and with Him we shall glorify the Father, partakers of His happi ness and transformed to the likeness of His Glory. ATTACKS ON THE WORSHIP AND TEACH INGS OF THE CHURCH. Before concluding, I must enter a protest against the persistent attacks which are made against the Catholic Church, as if in her worship and in her teaching she would turn aside to other objects the homage and worship which are due to Our Blessed Lord alone'. Such accusations have a thou sand times been shown to be groundless, but they are nevertheless every day repeated, in order to fan the flame of Protestant prejudice against the Church. The very instances that are brought forward by those who thus assail us should serve as so many convincing proofs that the Redeemer is all in all in the religious tributes of homage and love which are offered up by Catholic hearts. For instance. Catholics honour Holy Church, and love the Church, and are ready to make every sacrifice to promote its interests and spread its influence. But why is this? It is because we rea.ize that the Catholic vJhurch is the very Kingdom of God on earth, instituted by the Redeemer. And does not the Apostle declare that Christ ' loved the Church, and delivered Himself up for it ' Are we to be censured if, following in the Redeemer's footstep s, we offer our religious tributes to the Church chosen by Him as a cherished spiritual spouse ? The Church is set on earth as ' the pillar and ground of truth.' Must we not rejoice that it makes known to us God's will and guides us in the course of our pilgrimage? To use Pere Didon's eloquent words : ' In this night of the tnd of the 19th century, against this night of God, against the murky sky — a sky darkened by the thick dust raised by human toil — you may see the great Church of God arise and stand. It is the column of fire which tells you that light has not gone out. When men, too much occupied with earth and with themselves, darken the world, it always remains to guide them on the road and to show chem the good, the eternal light of God shining through the darkness of humanity, as stars shine through the clouds of heaven.' HONOURING THE BLESSED VIRGIN. Again, to take another instance, if we honour the successor of St. Peter, is not all the honour and homage that we offer him reflected upon Our Blessed Lord, for it is precisely a8 the duly appointed representative and vicar on earth of Our Saviour that such tributes of respect and reverence are his due. St. Peter was truly constituted such when the Good Shepherd of souls addressed to him the endearing words, 'Feed My lambs, feed the little ones so dear to Me, feed My sheep.' In like manner, the tributes of our veneration and rever ential homage are offered to th-? Blessed Virgin, because above all the children of Eve she was exalted and privileged to be the chosen Mother of the Redeemer. It is 'leaning on her beloved,' that she ascends rejoicing from the desert waste of this sinful world. She reflects a heavenly light upon the children of the Church, but it is because the Re deemer has set upon her brow the peerless aureola of heavenly stars, and has clothed her with the radiance of' the sun itself as the resplendent robe of her triumph. She proclaimed in her inspired can ticle that' all the sanctification and privileges con ferred or. her should throughout all time redound to the praise and glory of the Most High : ' He hath done great things to me, and holy is His name. Behold henceforth all nations shall call Me blessed.' In the Catholic Church alone that prophecy is un ceasingly fulfilled, and all the tributes of homage and veneration and devotion offered to her shall for ever redound to the greater glory of the Most High, and the loving worship of Him by Whom she was redeemed and sanctified and privileged. OUR SAVIOUR IS TRULY ALL IN THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. Thus it is that Christ is truly all in all in the Ca tholic Church. He is the teacher of the truths which we profess, the foundation of our hopes, the fountain source whence flow to the faithful the graces and blessings of mercy. To Him all the homage of the mind and heart is due, in Him are centered all the tributes of our adoration and homage and love. But even for those who close their eyes against His thrice-blessed light, the Redeemer continues to be the source of manifold blessings. 'In spite of all,' writes Pere Didon, 'Jesus remains the great figure in the heaven of all Chris tian people. Righteousness, glowing with charity such as He would have it, has become the sovereign law of the world, impressed on every conscience ; and even those who have lost faith in Christ pre serve His morality, forgetting that it comes from Him. The power of self- sacrifice, the lever which Jesus placed in the hands of His disciples, is per manent; true believers are always ready to give their life, if mankind, in the least of its childien, can be freed from evil, ignorance, sorrow, and death. To Christ, as the Church knows Him, I would turn the eyes of this generation. It is sick, He will heal it ; it is old and worn, He will restore its growth and its great ideals ; for His disciples are men of eternal hope. It is accused of being posi tive, of believing only in what it can see, use, and enjoy; He will teach it to see the invis ible, to taste the immaetrial, to' understand that the most useful man to himself and to others, to his country and to mankind, is he who can sacrifice himself. It is said to be greedy of pleasure and gold ; perhaps in this is the cause of its decadence, for pleasure kills, and gold may lead to every vice. Christ will teach it to despise pleasure and to employ those riches well. In every case the world is-^a prey to a thou sand sorrows, desires, and needs ; those who pro claim the joy of life know well that the joy is not unmingled with pain, and that death is all the more cruel because it breaks a happy life. Christ alone teaches the joy of suffering, because he alone pours into the soul a Divine life which no sorrow can destroy, which trial strengthens, and He alone teaches us to despise death, or rather to look to it with hope as the passage to our heavenly bliss.' May those manifold gifts of the Incarnation of Our Blessed Lord be the abiding heritage of each one of us. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Mr. J. A. Scott, at one time editor of the New Zealand Tablet, is now a barrister in that colony. He was recently a visitor to Western Australia. Mr. T. F. Quinlan, J.P., M.L. A., of Western Australians a Chevalier of the Order of St. Sylves ter, an order that owes its existence to the Crusades. It was instituted by Pope Urban II. 