The Sketcher. An Alpine Tragedy. Mrs. LeigM n, aged 23. Lady CMllworth, aged 60. , Scene : The covered terrace of the Hotel Riffelalp facing the peak of the Mat terhora. (Mrs. Leighton is looking through the hotel telescope at the peak of the Mat terhorn. Lady Chillworth (approaching) : Whal are you looking at, my dear 1 Mrs. Leighton : I'm looking for my husband. He is on the Matteriiorn. Lady Chillworth : Alb, you're young. When you get to my age you'll find it wiser to look at your husband through the wrong end of the telescope. Mrs. Leighton : I think I see him. Look, a tiny black speck against' the pure whips snow. Lady Chill worth (after gazing at Mrs.' Leighton quietly for a few moments) : What :\u eloquent description of you and him. Mrs. iveigbton : What do you mean ; (Nervously.) Lady t'hillworth : Oh. my dear child, you can't deceive me. Do you tbiuk I don't know why you're making ihis dutiful display of interest in your hus band ? Mrs. Leighton : But, indeed, I ? Lady Chillworth : My poor child, you kept your room all day yesterday, and I heard all that parsed in it the nigln .be-fore lasr — before your husband left Cor the Marterhorn— a most unwilling audience, I assure yon ; but these for eign hotels, with doors connecting all the rooms, like a public picture gallery, are not safe places for husbands to make exhibitions of themselves in. He's a brute !? Mrs. Leighton : Lady Chillworth ?! Lady Chillworth (with rising indigna tion) : Yes. a bruie. That bruise on your forehead ? ! Mrs. Leighton (colouring deeply) : I fell against the chest of drawers, and ? Lady Chillworth : He pushed you. I he-ird him. Mrs. Leighron : No, no — indeed. Lady Chill worth : Yes, he did. and you, like the little heroine you are. fear ful lest the truth' slSould be known. *?it here making a display of interest and affection before all these strangers. But you seem to have one devoted friend. Captain Thornton is ? Mrs. Leightou (with enthusiasm) : Oh, he is such a good, true- hearted ? Lady Chillworth : No doubt of it, and I'm sure he means well ; but I'm an old woman, and know iho world pretty well, and of the two. there's more danger to ?a young, attractive woman in a sympa thetic male friend than in a bad hus band. Mrs. Leiguton : But Captain Thornton is a chivalrous gentleman. Lady Chillworth : Granted ! And if friendship were possible between the sexes it might be possible with him ; but it isn't. Mrs. 'Leighton : He is the son! of hon our. Lady Chillworth : Granted again. But he worships the ground yon walk on ! Mrs. Leigrhton (eagerly, then checking herself) : Oh, you don't think that, do you ? I mean I'm sure he ? Lady Ohillworth : Don't try to deceive a woman old enough to be your grand mother. Do yon think I don't know a man fin lore when 1 see one ? Mrs. Leighton : But what makes you think he — he — cares for me ? Lady Chillvvorrh : There's no mistak ing the look in liis eyes. They sbfiea the moment lie sees you. I have watched you both. Do yon know what heart hunger is 'i Mrs. Leigh ton (feelingly) : Ob ye«s I (Cheeking herself* At least, I scarcely think I know what you -mean. ** Lady Chillworrh (grimly) : Quite right. Keep like that. Captain Thornton is a prey to the most acute form of heart hunger, the hunger that gnaws the heart of a man debarred by fiononr from declaring his love. A woman never mis takes that. Men think we don't know what they feel for us unless we show them we know it. Oh. my dear, what a mistake. I've been through it alL Mrs. Leighton : You ? How «ad you look. Lady Chillworth (sighing) : Sad ! I've a woman's memory, t-hlld, heartless old worldling though I seem in the eyes of a world that judges by externals ! Your case brings back 10 me a memory of the past (A pause.) Mrs. Leighton : Won't you tell me about It ? Lady Chill worth' : There'* not much to telL I married youiig. an undisciplined., girl, ignorant of what love meant Wiien I grew to womanhood there came one into my life who changed the meaning of existence for me. I loved him with every fibre of my nature. Had he asked it I would have thrown every tie that bound me to the winds. But he loved my fair name and honour before all else, and in the loneliness of old age, Instead of a remembrance of the shame that clings for ever to a stained life, I have the fair memory of a man's chivalry 10 live on. The woman who holds such a memory in her heart is not quite the heartless old worldling she seems. (A pause.) Mrs. Leighton (in a soft voice) : I am so sorry for you. Lady Chillworth : There, I'm a. silly old woman ! Don't trouble your young heart about me, but look to yourself. Few women are so fortunately aufbg-v. tunate as I was. Mine was an experi ence too wonderful to occur agtjo, so.-i beware of friendship. - . . Mrs. Leighton : But Captain Tainton Is such a sympathetic friend, and I look up to him and trust Win so. Lady OhWwortn: And bewaxe of ?ysgpatfay, too— It te the overture 4o love. Mra Leighton : But I am a married woman. We can't love— we niusn't. Lady Chillworth : Mustn't ! The word isn't in love's vocabulary. Oh, there is Captain Thornton. See, even his good manners are severely tried at seeing you monopolised by any one else. I fancy I saw the ghost of a frown on tis face when he saw me. Good morning, Captain Thornton. And don't y-u in tend to do the Matterhorn this time ? Captain Thornton : Xo, I think I Iiave done with the iMarterhom now, Lady Ch iM worth. 1 have ascended it seven times. It has no more charms for ire. Lady Chillworth : How manlike ! No thing but the unattained interests you men. Well, we shall meet' at tabled' hote this evening. 1 dare say. I am go Ing down to Zermatt now. I hope to hear of the safe return of the mountain party when I coine baJek. Good-bye. (Lady Chillworth nods to them, and leaves them alone together.) Captain Thornton : And so Mr. Leigh ton has gone to the Matterhorn after all? Mrs. Leighton : Yes, T tried hard to persuade him not la mb present srtate or health £ am sure be was not fit to tear the fatigue. Captain Thornton : I saw nothing of you all day yesterday. Mrs. Leighton (timidly) : No. I— I ?stayed in my room. I had rather a dis turbed nijrhr. You tsee. Mr. Leig'aron started early with his guide for the Mat terhorn. and a lot of other people «v:it too. and tin* clatter and noise made me wakeful. Captain Thornton (after gazing at her): How pale you look, and— ivliat's that — a bruise oil your temple V That wasn't there last time I saw you. Mrs. l^eightou : Oh, it's really nothing — nothing at all. I— I fell— it was my own fault. I fell against the chest of dra wers. Captain Thornton (with great emo Tioni : Oh. my God— he struck you ? Mis. Leighton (faintly) : No — no — in- deed — indeed not. ''Captain Thornton - turns away and looks out across the valley to hide his eaiorion. After a pause he rerurns to her, and. taking both her bauds in his, speaks with an effort at self-restraint) : I am so dreadfully sorry for you, I— I can scarcely trust myself to speak to you ; but if the knowledge that you have a devoted friend who would gladly face death for you is any help, hear -t from my lips. Mrs. Leighton (looking up into his face with tears in her eyes) : Yes, indeed :i is a help, a great help. I cannot tell you how great. (She sinks down on to a seat.) Captain Thornton (bending over her) : You look so faint and ill ; shall I send for your maid 'i ?Mns. Leighton : Would you mind ? I will go and lie down again, I thiuk. I didn't sleep well last night. (Captain Thornton retires. He returns with Mrs. Leighton's maid, and she goes away to her own room.) Six hours later. Evening. (Captain Thornton is smoking on the covered terrace. l-ady Chillworth approaches him excitedly, and puts her hand on bis arm.) Lady Chillworth : Oh, Captain Thorn ton—your poor little friend. Such a shock. Her husband ! Captain Thornton (starts) : What of him ? Lady Chillworth : Dead, dead! The news has just come — died on the Matter horn from exhaustion. He was a dread ful man. but still, be was her husband, and sudden death is always shocking. Captain Thornton (as if in a dream) : Dead — dead ? Impossible ! Where is cshe 't Lady Chillworth : In my sitting-room. I broke the news to her. (A pause.) Come to her — come (lajriug her hand upon his arm). I understand. Captain Thornton ; Has she asked for me ? Lady Chillworth: Could she ask ? Come. (They enter Lady Chill worth's sitting room together. Mrs. Leighton is sit ting on the sofa. Captain Thornton sits down by her. Taking her hands in his he draw*; her gently to him. and sue bursts into tears.)— S. T. S., in ' Black and White.' 