THEY USUALLY DO LEI?AIN. "Youand your. wife dlidn't go-jvay any where- this summer ?" asked Anderson of Stone. "Not particularly." replied Stone eau tiously. ",You didn't go last year, did you ?" "No, but 1 don't know whether I can work it another." "Why, hico you got anyseheme to circum vent it ? " If you have, for goodness sake let mcinto it." . " Well, it's this way. , I have always allowed my wife so much cach for hei'iwn use and the iue of the house, and she has always spentit. Last year I told her I hadn't the money to spend in a summertrip,.nlmess she could save a little ot.her allaotuce to help me out." $ " And she, didn't do it or you woud ltave gone, of course ?" interruptedkndersoj " That's where vou' r off, eontinu4 the wretched husband; "'ih saved:nlad?vedo and reported to 'in every week, and I kept telling herwe would ig6 wlienhli~ Mhld la few more dollars She kept a i' pigsno cent esimplicity,, and, f.-inally'i: ?. con eluded sc'hid enouigh to incchti'tln t'fheigses' ti awe too late to go,.nnd1wIaaeaeleai ':jus3t tlha'much.*' ,e}; :il,*n- Great ha t' exclaimed E ndgrson. " You'll work it agan that irna, t6f cdurse? ?" Don't kniow, signghed btct `yS'he s a year older now, and ,.a young-wife learnean awful quantity ahodt-her 'hlusnlt?' Iin $ that time, if'slIe wants to.S ^ 5 i' A Cool Reception.-iMrs Ib it very liot here when I was in thn e outr Mr. Buzby: Yes' but t 'sdold cui el ?oslow you're home again, Mali ria Bride (putting on travelling :trcsi-eDid I look nervous at all .durin the ceremony, Kate? { " Kate (bride's eldest sister): A.littleat first, but not after Alfred had said y s.:'" " She takes after her father. .She has got his hair," remarked the visitor. ' '"; " No, the baby duesn't," interrupted little Tomomy. "It's ma who took after pa and got the hair. She got a whold ihanidfil f, it." The look the parents ga"e Tommy made the visitor's blood run ci Id. I A Heartless Itetort.-Wife : Haven't I suffered in a thousand ways sinie ali ned you.? Heartless Husband: There is one way you. haven't. Wife (indignantly) : In wha't wvay 's tlat Heartless Husband: In silence. Slightly hliproved Quarte.-" How are you getting alotg ?' asked a widoPyLf her late husband, who appeared to her at mid night as a ghost.. t , Ghost: Very well, indeed-,.much, better: than during my twenty years ofemarried life on earth. Widow (delighted): Thin you are in Heaven ? "Oh, no." " . ,. He Let Things Run.-" Seea:l;hir" said a fault-finding husband to his wife, "we must have things arranged in this llouse so Ijit we 'halI know just sl0ero seiYtlaiiio is " ti t all my heayt." she sweetly- tn Eweard saytd let us begin w?l? yojar hte hatr',:rtpy lure I should dearly-like to knew wbgre tyv tgeckepy.' He'let things run on as usual. Mr. BuIklgy: GiC g to leave, James Why, whst ij your goevoier ? ,James: Hi Gan t put up wi' tlt' nissus hiny longer, sir. Mr. Buckley: But just think, James, how long I'v e put with her. Jaynes: Yes. sir-quite true, sir. But - beggin' yer pardon, sir- if 1 might be so bold, sir-it's my liopinion, sir. hn 1tow you ain't exactly a free hagent, sir. " Don't you think I look killing ?' in quired Irs. Iiasfolds. las she entered the room in a new brick-dust ceetume. Mrh. liasfohls is what noe might call de cidedly plump; anl when Hiitsfoldds calmly rephied. "' es. ?my idear. you oIok fat enough to kill, if that is wh1at y, mean,". it was not unnatural that Mlrs. I. lshouil flounce out of the ap:raitent with a very flushed face and a quiverinn tongue. A gentleman goes to an aramourer's arid asks for a revolver. " Here's a real nice family weapon," says the clerk. " Family weapon!" " Yes, family weapon: just the thing for domestic tragedies; six-shooter, you see, sir -two bullets for your wife, two bullets for the destroyerof your happiness, twot or your self. All the g;, sir. Sell hundreds of 'em for bridal presents, sir." t.p Suspicion Aroused.-" It wasn't that!" exclaimed Mr. Sanders, indignantly. " You see, I didn't say a word at all." " How'd she find out, then ?" asked one of the party. " Why, I went home and she asked if is was me. I told her it was. Took the chances on that, yon?knoi. Then she asked me if I'd been drinking. I told her no. And there I stopped. Never said another word." " But you say she caught on somewhere. How was that ?" " .ust a blunder I made. WIhen I told her I hadn't drank anything, she iwas satisfied, but when I came to go to bed I p?ut on my overcoat instead of miy night-shlir- And that i excited suspi"ion." 