Brownie Douglas. Chapter XXV. retrospective. She held in her left hand to-day 0 delicate vase of fretted silver, in which there was a single stalk of 'hyacinths, with a fe%v snravs of . feathery heath. ' Better to-day ?' site questioned briefly. Brownie smiled a little as she an- Bwered in the affirmative. She saw that the keen grey eyes had a softer, kindlier gleam in tnem than they had yesterday. ' Arm pain you much V ' No, madam, thank you ; it is Very comfortable to day,' Then she asked 1 ' Are you getting stronger ? Are you able to walk about the room ?' ' Oh, yes ; I am quite strong to-day and have been thinking I must go awav soon.' What could you do with your arm in a sling. I should like to know ?' her visitor said, contemptuously. ' That would not hinder my teach ing, and I ought to be at work.' ' Ahem ! you'd like me to think you are one of the industrious kind wouldn't you ?' the old woman said, grimly. Evidently she did not like any thing which seemed like self-praise. ' Oh, no,' Brownie answered, with a mischievous smile ! ' I assure > ou I do not love drudgery a bit better than other people ; but when one has not a penny exceptingwhat one earns, it is necessary to bestir one's «elf ' She began to understand this strange, antiquated being, ard to see that Beneath her rough, blunt ex terior there lay a kindly although eccentric nature. Again she chuckled, bobbed her head, and peered into the young, sweet face, which had grown so much brighter since she came in this time. ' Well, if you want to work, and can walk a few steps, come with me. I'll take you at your word, and set you a task at once.' Much amused, and wondering what was coming next, Brownie arose with alacrity, for she had grown weary of being shuc up in one room, and longed for a change. The old woman led the way half across the room, then stopping short and turning suddenly round, she said. : 'Perhaps you'd like to know who I am, since I've managed to find out so much about you aud your affairs. I'm Lady Ruxley, and I'm aunt to Lady Randal, in who house you are. She's a hard-hearted crea ture—Helen is, but shi can't come it over me ; no, no, not until I lose more of my wits than. I have yet,' ahe concluded, with a triumphant chuckle. „Idy Ruxley! Lady Ruxley! Where had she heard that name be- fore ? Brownie wondered. It sounded familiar, and her thoughts went leaping back into the past. 4 Then all at once it came to her with a force which made her feel faint and sick, and she caught her breath with almost a sob. Lady Ruxley was that woman at whose ball in London, ir.ore than .-forty years ago, that tragedy in her unt s life had occurred, and Lady Randal wasi without a doubt, the hard-hearted. Helen Cap.ei whose cruel plotting and intrigue had .ruined the life of Miss Mehetable Douglas. And she had been receiving, and was still receiving, such heavy obligations from the hands of that : wicked woman ! Chapter XXVI. a little matter of business. ' What's the 1 natter ? You are not snong enough to walk ! Go back and sit down,' commanded Lady Ruxley, as she saw the young girl first flush a deep crimson, and then grow white as a ghost. But she quickly recovered her self. ' Thank you, but I am perfectly able to go ; I was dizzy for a mo ment, though it has passed now,' she returned, quietly, although a tumult of feelings was raging in her bosom. Giving her another searching glance, her ladyship passed on, and instead of going out at the door, as Brownie expected she would do, she proceeded towards the opposite 3'de of the room, where a set of heavy satin damask curtains hunt? suspended from a richly-gilded corn ice. Brownie supposed that they con cealed a window but sweeping them aside, her guide conducted her through a lofty archway into a small vestibule lighted from above through richly stained panels of glass, to another archway also concealed by curtains. Passing throug she ushered her companion into s-he sunniest, pleas- ; antest, airiest in the world, j It was a sort of parlor, library, I and music-room combined, and con- j tained every comfort and luxury which the human heart could sug gest. Leading from this large room was a smaller one, in which Brow- 1 nie caught sight of a narrow bed j I simply drapod with white. ! I She afterwards learned that the I strange old woman, out of the abund- j ant tenderness of her heart for her in her dangerous condition, had given up her own luxurious chamber to her and slept upon this small couch in an ante-room. ' Sit down,' said Lady Ruxley, indicating by a motion of her head a tempting chair standing near a marbel table covered with richl)- bound books. Brownie obeyed, while her lady ship seated herself in another op posite. ' There,' shp said, when, by an ingenious contrivance, she had tipped the chair back so that she could look at Iter without twisting her neck 'now I'll tell you what I want of you. Three wteks ago I sent away mv companion because she neglected me. I suppose it was dull staying - winn sucn an old drybones as I am ; and I've had no one since to read to me, or do anything for my amuse ment. Now if you want work to do, read me something from that review.' ' With pleasure, Brownie replied her pale face brightening again with the thought of contributing thus to the poor lonely old wpman's comfort. It seemed almost like the old times with her own auntie, only it would have appeared more real if Lady Ruxley had not been so blunl find sharp, but a little more lovable like Miss Mehetabel, She read an hour, in clear distinct tones, and although her ladyship was hard of hearing, she had no difficulty in catching every word. That was reading worth listening to.' she said, heaving a sigh of appre ciation. ' Now put the book aside and rest awhile.' 'I am not weary; let me read you something else,' she answered. No, no ; 1 11 not listen to any more now ; but if you do not mind, I'd like yiu to sit with me a while Ion »- er., 3 ' Yes, certainly, if you wish.' ' Nobody cares for an old mummy like me,' (how Brownie wished she would not call herself such horrid names !) ' and I do get lonely staying by myself all the time ; though the time was when there were few who were not glad to seek the society of Lady Ruxley. Linnett, my maid, is no company, and I've not been able to find any onejwho was willing to be companion to a deaf old woman. ' They try to be polite,' she went on, garrulously, ' to me when I go down into the drawing-room, because they know I'am rich, and they think it won't do to cross me, but I know my room is better than my company Nobody but Charles cares for his old aunt ; he s Lady Randal's son, and as good as gold. He never makes fun because I am so unfor tunate as to form a right angle with my body, and have to twist my neck like a turtle in its shell when I want to see anybody, He's always civil, and would give me his arm out to dinner as gallantly as to the handsomest belle in the kingdom. He believes in the old proverb about 'honouring the hoary head," which is more than most young people nowadays do. How is it, young woman — do you like old folks ?' .She had run on in a rambling sort of way, but as she asked this question she turned to Brownie and J eyed her keenly. " I had a dear aunt, who was all the friend I had in the world since I was a little baby. She was both father and mother to me, and I shall always feel .tenderly towards old people for her sake,' Brownie re plied, the quick tears springing to her eyes. ' Is she dead ?' Yes; she died the 5th of last September.' ' Was she old, and ugly, and withered like me ?' Poor Brownie ! it was a hard question, remembering so vividly as she did Miss Mehetable's fair, lovely face, set in its framework of clustet- mg silvery curls. The comparison was not favour able, to say the least, to this anteci- luvian before her. She flushed with embarrassment as she gently replied. ' All old people grow wrinkled, you know, and her hair was much whiter than yours.' Lady Ruxley chuckled merrily over this non-committal answer. " Young woman, you are as ' wise as a serpent, and as harmless as a dove,' and I am of the opinion that your aunt might have thought much of you. What was her name ? ' I was named after her,' the young girl replied, evasively. ' Mabel Dundas. It is a pretty name I like it. And the queer old lady looked as if she liked the owner of it, too. The next morning, after the servant who waited upon Brownie had attended to all her wants, and left her, thee came a rap at her door The next moment a handsome woman of about fifty entered. Brownie arose, bowed courteously, and re mained standing till she was address ed. ' Miss Dundas.' the lady paid," I must apologiz3 to you for any seem ing neglect in not co ning to see you before ; but I have a house full of company, I am Lady Randal, and I have come to have a few moment's conversation with you.' She seated herself, and motioned for Brownie to do the same, then re sumed; ' Aunt Ruxley has taken a great liking to you, and has'commissioned me to ask you if you would be will ing to remain with her as her companion. If you think you would like the place, and would exert yourself to please her, I think we can arrange to give you the situation. Your salary would be fifty pounds a year. Of course we | do not expect,' she hastened to add, ' that you can do very much until your arm gets strong, and we will make every allowance for that.' It seemed like flying in the face of Providence to reject it. " ' accept this position, Lady Randal, and if I qan make Lady Ruxley's life more pleasant than it has been, I shall be very thankful,' Brownie said, gravely, yet a little proudly, She did rot like her visitor's patronizing, almost insolent manner and inwardly resented her bold fixed stare. ' ' Very well, then we will call the matter settled,' Lady Randal replied rising, and infinitely relieved that she had been able t) secure a com panion for her troublesome aunt, though she thought the girl a proud minx.' She left her with a cool ' Good morning,' and the young girl seemed more freely the moment the door closed behind her. ' Can you be happy with such a blunt, cross-grained old woman as I am ?' asked Lady Ruxley whe,i she next saw Brownie. ' It does not always do to judge people by their exterior,' she repl'ed smiling and then she blushed, fearing she admitted too much. ' What do you mean by that ?' and the keen eyes searched Brownie's. ' I mean that though you have an abrupt way of addressing people I think you have a very kind heart underneath it all, else you would never have befriended a poor stray waif like me in the way you did. I am sorry you should have been put to so much inconvenience and Brownie's sweet lips trembled. ' Pshaw ! child, j-ou were too pretty to be left lying in the gutter I for anybody to pick up and cairy I off",' the old lady answeied, smiling. A month later they were settled in that gem of a villa near Valline- ham Hall. Chapter XXVII. " and vou will be my wife ?" The events contained in the last two chapters Brownie related in substance to Adrian, as they sat together upon the rock where he had first discovered who she was the night previous. She told him also of that unfor tunate scene with Wilbur Coolidge in the library, and of the abuse an Tilt which Isabel and hor mother dftpcd upon her upon discovering the young man's preference for her. ' I knew from the first they they ; abused you, dailing, and young Coo lidge told me something regarding the jewels, but I never dreamed of anything so wicket as this. It is all over now, however ; you shall have your property back again, and Miss Isabel shall suffer for it. I suppose you know she is engaged to Sir Charles Randal / 'Adrian said, when she hail concluded. ' Sir Cliarlfs Randal ! No ! ' re plied Brownie, growing pale at the in tolligence. What ! you have beon an inmate of their hausehold so long and not know of this important circum stance ?' 'I saw but very little cf (he family I while I was at their house in Lon- oon. 1 am told lie was a very good man, and 1 am so sorry chat—that.' Blow nie stopped shoi t and colour ed. 'That he has been so taken in,' , Adrian finished for her. 'It is too bad, for Charles really de=er\t;s a better fate,' he added with coloured brow. ' By the way'— end Brownie glanc ed up mischievously — do you know that that honour was intended for you ?' I surmised as much for certain circumstances which' came to my knowld e, he 1 eplied, with a scornful curl of his fine lips. ' But,' he added a moment after, he gathered hei close in his arms, she will find that theie was no one who could look beneath the surface. My darling— my darling— my pure little pearl ! what is she compared with you ? And now that I have found you and won you, I want to rivet the bonds which unite us, lest some other cal- amity befall you,' ho said, bending his hps to hers. But-- b it Lady Ruxley will be very much disappointed.' 'I presume so; I should be some what surprised if si e was not. Fnb is Lady Ruxley of mote consequence than some one else you know. -?h' n— bul' with a little smile. ! ' Bat what, dear ?' questioned her ! lover, tenderly, as he saw the sensi- 1 tive hps quivering. ) But, Adrian — I may as well say 1 u at first as last — I shrink from the r itt w'1!cb I know must come. j hat ordeal ?' fie asked, very gravely. ' j ' I have heard that you are allied to a noble house— that you are some time to inherit great possessions and a title, though what that title is I know not; and I fear that your proud kinsmen will scorn the idea : ota poor, friendless girl like me be- j coming your wife !' (To be Continued.) 