A TALE 0F_ HORROR. A gentleman name Lendbetter, .a hopmer chant, resident in one of tbe western counties, had for many years made a practice of attend ing tbe great annual fair at Weyhill, as a pur chaser of the commodity in which he chiefly dealt. It happened on one occasion, that be arrived at the inn to which be always went, some hours later than usual ; and on goiug iuto .the bouse he learned, to bis regret, that so much company had arrived before him, that every bed was ergnged. Rather than go to any house to which he was a stranger, he determined to have a bed madu upon some chairs' in tbe travel lers' room. Mrs. Symouds, the landlady, was about to curry this arrangement- into effect, when she happened to recollect that there was an ostler.'s room in the .yard, which' possibly Mr. Leadbetter might preter to sleeping in a room where be might be liable to be disturbed very early in the morning. To this the gentleman willing acceded; and after some short time, he passed up the gallery in the yard which led to tbe apart tneut, aud retired to bed, Sleep lent its leaden influence soon to tho weary traveller, and he reposed soundly, until a strange noise in the gallery which ha had ascended, roused him iuto seuso again. The noise was that of au extremely heavy footstef.y Mr. Lt-adbetter counted every step ; aud, to bis alarm, the sound increased, until the cause of it reached the door of his apartment. In an instant a tall aud gaunt figure entered tbe room, with a candle in one baud, and a butcher's knife in the other. Mr. L. attempted to speak, but bis vvice failod'him, and the figure approached the bed. It shook the horror-stricken man ; then drew the knife several .times across hiB own throat ; went to a table in tl.u room, set down the light, aud immediately quitted tbe place' Mr. Leadbetttr brgan to breathe again ; he imagined, after a few minutes, that he must - have been dream ing ; and yet, the candle and candlestick on tbe table were i:o phantoms, they were palpable realities.. He instantly rose with an intent to lork the door, but found that it was without lock or bolt, and that there was nothing else in tbe room but the bedstead of any weight. As this fortunately ran on casters, he rolled it to the door, and thinking himself then tolerably safe from further intrusion, he endeavoured to go to sleep again. But sleep would no more tevisit his eyelids ; and he lay tossing about until, in about an hour, he heard the same sounds wbich bad before alarmed him,, renewed on the gallery stiirs, and in a few seconds', tho door of his room being pushed with great violence, his bed was rolled into the middle of tbe apartment, and again the horrid 'figure stood bere Lim ! The faculties of speech and motion now forsook him quite ; the figure shook him nguin with fierce gesticulation, and again dmwiug tbe Jinife acrosB its throat. Mr. Lead better observed that marks of blood were on the blade, which wero not there before ! It then passed an) from tDe room, and tbe remainder of Mr. Leaibetter's sense Bed with it ; he swooned and remained for fiome time insensible. ' As toon as. he came to himself he put on bis clothes with the hi'.at- speed bis agitation would allow, aud descended iuto tie yard of the inn. Jn. a stable there be saw a light, and on approaching it, found a man dressing dawn pome hones, to whom lie communicated that something particular had bappeuod, and that he must bare Mr. and Mrs Symouds called up immediately. Tho landlord came down ; and on expressing his apprehension that Mr. Lead better was very ill, »s his looks seemed to indi cate, was informed that indeed he was not well. Mr. L. proceeded to relate all that biippeued to him, 7ind concluded by expressing uis firm con viction that some horrible murder had been committed on the premises in tbe night. ' Mr. Symouds nu hearing tbe tale, was sorcely less alarmed thau. the rclaler. The house was quickly roused by the terrors of tbe boat and hosters ; aud tho business ot the fair Was almost forgotten in tbe wonder excited by the story, which lost nothing by repetition to tho several guests of tbe inn, as they suc cessively inquired iuto the cause of tbe early At six o'clock the ostler, whose room Mr. L. hud occupied, arrived from a lodging which bo bad got iu the town, on being turned out of his usual bed. Much plcar.urc was ( xpressed on ueciug him ; and on the :-'U-ry being told him, ?' Why,' said he, ' I'll lay my life 1 know tbe ghost very well ; it was the denf and dumb fellow that comes to help me to kill tbo pigs, and who always comes up to my room to call ma when wo have one to kill ' Tbe murder was out ! It was indeed the deaf nnd dumb fellow, who had made an appointment with tho ostler to kill a pig lit four o'clock in tbe morning, and who, thinking tbe ostler lazy ; had gone first to unaken him, aud a second time for tbe same purpose after ho had stuck tbo pig. 