MUSIC, ART AND DRAMA. Miss Pattie Browne is reported to have landed back in Loudon "in the pink of health." The Bell Ballet at the Bijon is an interest- ;ing item,, which Wows out like a email* . through want of a good fin*#)). 6 1 The Flying Jordans, ate .at present in Hi A W, TW may shortly bo heard of JZ m their “flighty", performance. ™ ain MoUe who <*imo hero wiUi Bernard Beere, lately divorced her husband Guy Standing. * Foreium and Fannan are at present doim tho English provinces. ... While in Australia they were both captivated by, and joined in wedlock with, twoyoung ladies 0 f Mel bourne, ; . Tom .WoottwcU is doing threeballs njahttv in London. Ho is engaged right, up to igM 1 hear ho drives to his theatre in a motor car Like Ilia songs, “Bight up to date." , Tho Broughs open a season at tho Princcaa ior the Cup, and will do "The Physician" “Lord Queer' and “Trelawney of tho Wellg t " TlioBcasonnfc the.Sydney Boyalcontuuieato bo exceptionally successful • . . .. Lily Langtry, who has for so Jong been absent from the stage, has determined to once again tread the 8he will shortly be heard of at the. Haymarket The- ■ atro, London, in a new play by Sydney Crum dy, based ; ou, Dumas’ “La Tulipc Noire.'' . A newly-arrived comcdion was asked how ho liked Melbourne, Ho replied, “Very much indeed ; it beats all the other cities out here, I guess, though I haven’t been able to seo it all yet. The rain, however, compare? very well with other places, I fancy." Mr. Hoyt, of Hoyt and M’EAe, cannot find any relations to leave his money to when he quits this world to manage other theatres in Another sphere. Ho mentioned this fact once to Tom Browne. Mr. Browne imme diately reminded him that his wile's maiden name was Edith Hoyt, that perhaps she was a relation. Mr. Hoyt is considering. Jennie Lee still remains true to the part she really owes her name to. Jennie ap peared in scones from her favorite character of-“Jo"'at the London Lyceum recently. The occasion was a testimonial’ benefit to Sir, Jo seph -Hurst; of that theatre. The initial performance of -“Hamlet" by Sarah Bernhardt in London dragged its way close on to midnight. When the hour of twelve was near At hand a wag in the gallery whistled, “Wo Won’t go Home Till Morn ing," Tho ghost Shivered on hearing tho air, and quickly disappeared into obscurity, Blanche Walshe, who was out hero with Nat Goodwin, made a bold bid for tho dia monds of the late Fanny Davenport. Fanny Davenport was a very popular actress in America, On her death Blanche took her place, with much success. She also thought she ought to take the diamonds, and bid ten thousand dollars for them, Harry Kickarda expects to spend about a fortnight in 'Frisco, and from tlience goes to New York and thence to England, where part of Ids business will be the Aueing of several , stars for breach of contract, Mr. Bickarda is full erf projects and plans, oho of which is the enlarging of tho Sydney Tivoli, to be en tered upon early nextyoar. Carrie Moore, behind the scenes, is as port And lively as before her audience. The Whole time she is waiting for her cues her eyes arc watching the performance, taking in everything. Sue laughs afc all the jokes, and, judging by her merriment, »c«m8 to be thoroughly in her element, in the profession she has adopted. Mr, Horry Lynch, of the well-known family of bellringers, has engaged Sardou’s Parisian Froliques Company for an Australian tour, opening in March next year; Harry Liston’s Merry Party, At the Crystal Palace has also been engaged, and will sail for Australia in November. Negotitions are proceeding for . an engagement of the Mohawk Minstrels for .an Australian tour. Miss Allen©' Crater has, been greatly han dicapped during tW “Chinatown" Australian tour owing to her severe throat trouble. Miss Crater is an acknowledged star in New York. Through her misfortune we have been unable to see her at her hest. Tho little lady is filled with anxiety, and has been giving to taking a long rest. One of the characters in “A Stranger in New York” has only about eight words to speak .during the performance. But those eight words created much merriment among h political party in the circle oh the first night- Wlicn lie said “Two dollars mode* mo a democrat last. year,” Mr. Gilliee and a few of his stout brethren just held on to .their sides, which fairly shook with unsup pressed laughter. , Professional jealousy is always rife, "Whan Actors of the same line come together in the same piecethen the fun is At its best. Re cently in an city three comedians battled bravely for the honors in a certain production. One of them, though, just walked all over, the other* two- For perfec tion of “front” ho beat everything. When either, of the others struggled to launch some particular gag, he at once silenced them; — ‘'Look out, don’t say anything; Pll fetch this play through all right,” and at, once shovelled, all his wit upon the house. The beaten ones retired completely, nonplussed. An English variety artist, lately Arrived in Melbourne, coinplains about the entrances to Bpurko street theatres. To illustrate this fact, a man last week gathered uphis family to visit Bland Holt at the Boyal. After con siderable bustle, they were comfortably seat ed in the stalls, when hubby looked around, stared, and finally ejaculated : “Well, Tin ' — : —1 They’ve removed the circle and gallery—and—why, it’s spoilt the theatre!" Ho had mistaken the Boyd, entrance and guided his flock into St. George's Hall. . Mr. Williamson has been telling a Sydney interviewer that his firm in 13 years has paid in rent, lighting, rates and taxes, £114,000 to the proprietors of the Princess’s Theatre, During the period (1882-91) that he and Ins partner managed .the Melbourne Theatre Boyal a 20 per cent, dividend was paid every year, and there was-a reserve fund of £15,000, Eighteen months after his firm left it the fund had vanished, and there was a debt of £3000. It has taken six years to put things straight. Ada Reovo started her professional career by making her Audience cry,, as miserable little WilUo Carlyle; in East Lynne, She was only six years, ojd, but when she reach ed her 8th winter she made her first appear ance in pantomime at Mile End. Sh° play ed at-Koster and Blat’s in New York, with as much success as in the London halls; but one of her biggest hits was in The Gay Parisienne. Someone said that it would be on ‘opportunity to show what stuff she was made off ; but, according to dear old Mrs. Kecley, “It was hot stuff at all, but sUk." ’ On the Alameda, en route to ’Frisco, is a big theatrical contingent. In addition to “The Belle of New York" Company are Harry Bickards and his family, a Melbourne actress on her way to the .States to trv her luck, a Sydney song book publisher, and Hattenbnoh, the cellbist. At Auckland Al bert Friedenthal, the pianist who is doing the Fiji and Sandwich'Islands prior to his return to Europe, left the steamer; and the Maggie Moore-Boberts ’ Company embarked and went on to Honolulu, whcVe they are doing a season. By-fche-way, Friendenthal has had his hair cut, and his head is looking kind of lonesome. • Considerable • difficulty- has been expefv enced in drawing up an agreement between the trustees of the Frits Muller Fund and the parents of tho youthful pianist, but a dfaft agreement, prepared by Mr. Lynch (Lynch and McDonald), on behalf of Mr, and Mrs. Muller, lias been submitted to tho trustees, the Mayor ’ of Melbourne (Or. M. D. , McEachasm) and Or. Gillotfc, and Messrs. T. 1 A;- Pat terson, D. Symp • dnd W. A. Laver, and Accepted by -them; Hndfer its provisions Master Muller,; accompanied by his mother, is to' proceed in Berlin, where he is to be placed in some duly- accredited conserra tjorium for three years. At the same rime his general -education is t-p receive atten tion,. And A sum of £200 uer annum, in monthiy is to be disbursed lor both purposes. Should the lad pot make satisfactory progress, or fall into ill-health, the trustees W® the power to secure lu» return to Victoria, ond, -in any case, ]*® is to roturn to Melboiinle at the expira tion of the named, when further coPcorts will Vo held for the. purpose of assisting Him if his musical development warrants; such action. The ; tnistces arc desirous, of handing- over their duties; pi administraii'on ■ to _the ’ National Trust?® Company, “and a meeting of subscribers win bo Held at Glen’s on Monday next, at hall past 4, to give them the necessary thority, and the balan®® Adieefc, showmg the net proceeds' of; the recitals' held--.To21 will b.o presented. Mimte r Muller has beep visiting the largo centres under pnva(o and wAstohavo sailed by tne Darmstadt on the 12th inst , but, at th® request of his parentsj his departure aas been postponed for a month, apd w *A understood that efforts will ho made,, qw® i Apart from the triW®®» 'Sydney Before that date.;;; X 1 Xi 