Councils' Union. JUDGING by the result of the meeting of ratepayers, held in Mount Muirhead District last week, local residents are not so strong on local Federation as they are on the more abstract Federation of Australia. Yet the practical benefits of the larger project are admitted by even advocates to be somewhat, vague, while, in the looal case, they can be shown to be very real. The figures,given at last week's saving of " a year, and, in bodies doing a Lo works business of about £500 a year, this must be admitted as a con- Having, for-to ci the establishment of one large body. The insrease of efficiency in work that would be obtained was left unconsidered. That increase of efficiency is palpable. The commonages under the councils are at present worked in a happy- go-lucky fashion. The herdsman for either run devotes about two days a week to these enormous properties, and the welfare of the stock is left largely in the hands of Providence. This may be cited as proof of the sub» time faith of councillors and ratepayers, but is not otherwise valuable from a stockowner's point of view. Faith may be able to move mountains, but it has not yet been shown that it is a success in pulling bogged sheep out of a waterhole, or repairing fences, or keeping rabbits in check, or changihg stock, and it is, therefore, not wonderful, that numbers of stock are annually lost from the commonages, nor that complaints continually arise about the condition of stock. With a resident herdsman) all these points enumerated and many more could be attended to much more effectively than at present, and the responsibility of the commonage could be located with certainty to the man whose business it was to devote his whole time to it. . Further, at present the salary paid by either council for an overseer of works is insufficient to keep, for any length of time, a good man who will devote his whole attention to the work. With the small pay and insignificant office of an overseer, it is not to be wondered at that at least one of the councils has had continual trouble and dissatisfaction in the carrying ont of its works, while the other council has got through successfully only on the chance incident that it has a clerk who has also had a large experience of road work, and whom it can retain at a ridiculously small cost. With the reasonable salary proposed for the single council, there would be reasonable hope that a good officer could be got and—what is juafc as important and more difficult—kept when got. One of the speakers at the meeting on Saturday urged, as a reason for disunion, the theory that where cost was not increased smaller local bodies were the better. The opposite is, however, apparent. Under popular government, if representation can be made effective—and wards would make it as effective as at present—the larger the community of interests the better government. With smaller immunities the cost must, under like circumstances, be increased, with larger it must be lessened. Nor is the cost the the only consideration. Vestry government t or parish government grows to be parish in its aims. In ninety- nine per cent, of cases the public works policy of such a body develops into an undignified scramble for practically private roads built out of ratepayers money, while its notion of government consists of the formation of cliques which transact alleged public business in the public house or the public street. With larger bodies, the underground engineer is modified if not eliminated, for, while it is easy to form and hold a majority clique among five it is not so easy among ten, and grows more difficult with increasing numbers. The great objection raised, on one side, is the bogey of a raised assessment ; on the other it is the ghost of lOss of commonage facilities. Both objections are baseless. Mayurra assessment is, at present, higher than Mount Muirhead, and the ratepayers of the latter fear that their rates will be raised. An assessment is, however, built on the defined plan of annual rental value. If Mayurra Oonncil assessment is higher than values justify, then there must be a strong minority in Mayurra District which objects ta that injustice and which would, when reinforced by ratepayers of the other district, reduce the assessment to a proper value. If Mount Muirhead assessment is not based Ira a fair valuation, then the minority on that side which wants roads more than a low assessment would, helped by Mayurra ratepayers, raise the assessment to a fair thing. In -any case the enly thing probable is that justice would be better done than it is now. The opponents of union seem to fear that the controlling desire of man is to do an injustice to his neighbor out of sheer qusBodbess, and to deliberately injure himself by raising the rates on bis fellowihan. This species of mental cross vision is the more peculiar when it ^membered that a majority of Mount Muirhead ratepayers are also ratepayers of Mayurra, and they ap-' themselves more violently than they do:at present. Nor is the common^ age spectre mora rea!; if iess httmor- 