ORIGINAL POETRY THE MIDNIGHT HERD retring, A* t.u« ueurer.B nuna ib taken B liS mea l0ld' thou8h fr«>» Ut By rooers and jeers not shaken. For the men who ride where the cattle *».. Are a race to nature nearer rwni ^ T,'aLme"01086 Wh° "BtaUd by the ol« tolf. And acoount Its pleasures dearer; And they grow In strength as a river mm By the force of onward moving, Fortoowl "Ve thC U'6 tlmt the In its might the forest proving. And the tale they tell is as weird and wild As the land wherein they labour, And as mystic, too, as are they, exiled With the stars for nearest neighbour' 'Tis the stoiy strange of an eerie herd' Of a drover old and hoary, ' Of a inob that come (in their last sleen atlrrrfi From the land ol midnight glory. ' From the fenceless downs of the Bilent shade. And the streams of viewless water, They arc come again to the grassless glade To the plains of drought and slaughter:' And the stockman drives, as of old he drove* With a whip that goads to madness, ' Till tliey break once more tor the move With a roar of savage gladness. Then the drover, grim in his ghostly garb .On his horse so ghostly splendid, 1 Like a flying star or a moon-tipped barb, On a race sets out, soon ended; For he heads them round, with his whin el flame. And the pace grows fast and faster, A6 he drives them back o'er the road they came With a skill that 61iowb him master. But it is not yet, for with noiseless feet From his whip they race together, Till away ahead, where the "Two Creeks" meet. They can see the sun-killed heather; Then again they try, with redoubled strength, To escape the fearsome drover, Nor with spur nor whip, at its double length, : Is the "Two Creeks" bridge leaped over. And the men, asleep, while their charges rest, Willi a start wake up and listen, While their quick eyes turn to the moon-lit west, "Where the night-herd's white horns glisten; Where the drover ghost, .in his awful chase, With a will bis whip is plying, And the fear-struck beasts, as they race and race. At a phantom speed are flying. For with fiendish haste, as if born of hell, While liis whip its lightning flashes, Like a gale unpent rides the drover fell As the mob'a wet sides he lashes; And the heavens lit by the waning moon, At the dread 6ight 6tand and liarken, While tlie earth grows still as at night's de noon. And the clouds close up, and darken. And the frenzied strokes, as they fall in fire, With a zest that romps and rages Lite the flaming tongues of awakened ire, But the coming storm presages; For though fast he drives, yet with swifter feet . On his heels the storm comes breaking, For he rides, 'tis said, as its herald fleet, When from up the south 'tis making. And the spectral herd, at the sound gone crazed. In a white fear, pell-mell, pacing, To the river cliffs by their madness dazed, From the searing lash are racing; Nor a moment halt in their headlong course, For the drover, hotly urging, From the heights they leap, and with man tnfl horse. . In the waters sink, deep surging! So the wild tale runs, so it oft is told, For the stockmen love the telling, . When at night they sit in the pale moons goia, From their minds all doubt dispelling; For the drovers know, when the herd appears. That the drought is spent and, broken. That the mob hut comes to dispel then lean, Of tlie rain the sign and token! HUME COOK. 