Hope tie Hermit. ? »_ — y - CHAPTER XXIV. „ . , ... BrOOLLECTlOKS OF Ml3HAB-. DbBWBHT. I had written ttiui far when one of 'the ohildren rtn into thoTOom with ? letter whioh hid been broaghuby a mea'son^er Irom Kei wick. I iaw at o'sos tbat-it'uwog from Mi« treBi Mary Denhim, and breaking tbe sea! — a Tory, dainty one in preen wax, bearing the de«ioe!'SartuarcGrdiB ?— I read tbe follsning line* : - -- ?-.« - t:! ? --.? ?-. . -.- : ?? . ' Sir, — Wo we're gl»d (0 learn that 70a bad male s~«afr journey to tbe north, and regret mnchjtbat^ir. Wilfrid should have found 10 dire 'a foe ai the imallpoi to 'greet ; him - at lael. Yonr dpgoriplion of the aolitnde of tbe ialind.on Darwoniwaier reads urangely Lore in London, and I think from what yon aay that i6 is something of a trial to you to be onoo.iaqre.iai a. pl»oe . whoro all outwardly ia theiame aa io old days, while in other reipeotf 10 moob has altered. Bat, after. all, thii letter it not juit to aay that I am lorry for yonr lonolinese, bat to tell yon of a mat ter whioh I think may intorent yon. Tbii day Lidy Templo oame to aee me, and wa epoko mnob of the arreat of tbe Jacobite plotters ?nd'of'-air inspeoted perions. The1 moit noteworthy ia Her Majeity'a unole, my Lord Clarendon, who. ii now lodged in tbe Toner, and that Catholio 'gentleman you used to meet BtrMr. Wintor'e ohamberi — Mr. An thony Sharp — is alio arrested : it soemi that be is s prieit in diagoise. Lady Temple told bo that a warrant wdb alao made oat for the arreit of Mr. Jamoa Oalverley, bnt that he bad~eontrired to leave London. Now comes the strange part; it aeims thai Oal-° verley wai bat aa assumed name, and that he is in trnth a Mr. John Radoliffe, younger brother and heir io Sir Niotaolas RtdolifJe, your friend on Lord's Island. This will perhaps explain Father Noel's friendship with him, and the civility be abewei] to you, The poor Queen is well-nigh dulraoted with anxiety and grief, for indeed the country seems to bo in great danger, and she scarcely knows who may be reckoned on as truut worthy friends and adfiseri. I think thero never can hare been a more deroted wifo than aha ; 'tis a grierons pity that Hra Majesty is merely a brare soldier, and scarcely merits inch n noble woman as bis qneen. I fear from what Lady Temple says he is one of those who will learn too lato rightly to ?alue what they have loat, and will be of the many haibanda who erect fine tombstone?, with touohing epitaphB, to their wire*, yet when they were li»ing could not eren be faithful to them. My undo ?ends you his kind remombrances, and saya tbit if you have leisnre yon would do him d great serrioe by making a collection- of all the moths to be found in the woods surround ing Derweatwater, as he talked of before you left London. Ha and bis friend, Dr. Martio Lister, bare already reoeived specimens from direr* oonntries. Dr. Lister ssys the best way to set about it is to go out when it is dark, hating previously, by day, put Itreaokle on the trdnkl nf nnrr.Ain tHHl. Thia. aftwaAfa the moths, and you will find no difficulty in capturing thorn. Yet hate a eare, or some one may mistake you for a highwayman, or for the ghost yon told me of which haunts Borrowdale 1 There is aa yet no book writ upoo moths, though the late Mr. Willough by bad often desired to attempt tbe study of them, but died before he oould carry it out. I hope to secure some at Katterham, and should you have an opportunity of sending any specimens to London they bad best be direcied to Sir William, for I shall . be with my unole, Sir Josoelyn Heywortb, at tho Gourt House for the next two months. Mr. Wbarncliffe has just been to oall upon as ; ; be B»T8 that to-dav ha met Mr. Wintnr nn tbe staira athis ohambers in. King's Benbb Walk, and thai, bappening^to mention some ?thing; as to Mr. Oalverley'a eioapp, - Mr. Winter said be bad beard a rumour tbat be had fled' to Franee, but . knew, not i( . 'tw qb true. I gi»e it you for What 'tis worth, knowing tbat yon had some liking for him, and, though, not »ppro»ing bis view-«, would BOiroe wish him' to be thrown into prison ^merely on suspicion. I can1 never think of ! the inside of our prisons without a shudder, for truly they are bells on earth. It hurts one to see the poor souls bein-r dragged to Tjbmn, perhaps just for some petty thoft, and yet I am not sure that it is not a better fate llua, to linger on in gaol, for God is merciful and men are not. We were trying 'the other night, aa we road Willoughby's book on . birds, to remember , some of, your Borrowdale names for them, bat I oould not get farther than ? Jaok-eslop ' for a kite, and ' Join-na-ma-cronk ' for a heron 1 I think yon' mast have more time in your part of the world, or you would never suob long names I Do not forget to tell us any observations yon make as to any kind of animal life, for it is tbe one thing now whioh interests Sir William. As be grows older he takes less and less interest in politios, having-, I think, lived through too many ohanges to be sur prised at anything. Bot they say bs never was at heart aught bat a naturalis1, an'd Uncle Heywortb has a story of bow when ho ' -was made prisoner in .tho Civil War, and .Uncle Denha'm and myfathor were appointed as the offioeri who were responsible for him, '- Unole Donhatn crowded op tho little;, room thoy shared in Farnh&m; Osotla with spiders and oewts and frogs on which be was experi menting; these oreatnres— not being on parole?— were always escaping-, while poor Unole Hey worth bad to stay eating bit heart ont as a prisoner, of war. . However, 1 ramble on about the past wben at any moment we may have the French Fleet in tbe Thames and London attaoked. It were better. to. despatch this letter to yon at onoe, speoielly as my eonsin Rupert promises to take It himsplf as far as York, and to send it on safely frtm there. . ; ' With kind remembrances from us all, ? 'I reit, your friend, .. ... i ? ????? ' Maby, Dbnham.' I .???'Written at Nnrfolk-strpet this 27th day of ,-.- .- .-? .. Jone,, 1890.'. : : Thero was not: a word jn tho letter of Au drey Radoliffe, and yet I knew that Mistress 1 Docham anderstood why it was that this en foroed stay on St. Herbert's Isle was so apeoially hard to mo. She knew my story, 'and'readily divined mnob that I bad never told her in word*;. More tbao pnoo we had spoken, however, of tho difficulties of the poiitioo and of tbe beBt ooursa to steer. Nor -was I without a sbrewd suspicion tbat all Ihiaslady of moths was wivb a view to giving * ?. -:?'...''?'' me something fresh to think of, and of keep ing me from dwelling on those past memories, whioh made every part of Derwentwater and Borrowdale a place of pain and peril to me. Turning ofor.the (heat once more I read her words about James Oalverlsy, and mar velled, to think toat.I had never gaoised bis seoret.- ? ,:For now thotl thought of it I well remembored.bis picture, taken in early life, and had ofton Inokod at it in tbo ball ,nt Lord's Island. No doubt tbat enbtle atlrao tion he had possessed for me lay in hii no known kinship viib Audrey.' And then a fresh thought rcsbed into my mind, and put me Io no imill perturbation. Had he and hie friends sneoooded in bringing me over to the Romish Ohurcb would they have tried (0 stop the Brownrigg marrJBgo, which was so dislaBiefol to them ? Was this, perhaps, what. Father, Nool bad, all the time been aim ing .at.f ..Was this his reaaon for deiiboratoly forcing me that time in the previous autumn to be as muoh as might bo in Audrey's pre sence ? It seemed possible, ond mnoh aa I bated Henry Browntigg tbe thought of play ing , so i mean- a. part mo'In me recoil. A thousand times I b'oisod' Misirees Denham for havinfr saved .mo from foiling a viotim to tbe argumrnts of Anthony Sharp and Jamos Oalverlr-y, ond with. an effort I bBnisberi Audrey's face from my mind and planged desporatoh into the dreary work of oorreotiog my pnpilft' Litin rxeroises. ' , ; . . The next few days were eventful. First' osmo tbo news of tbe terrible disaster off Beaoby Head, and dread ofaFroooh invaBipn of the sonthern counties filled tbe whole land with ? panic whioh is indeaoribable. Then goon after oamo the woeful tidings tbitt King William bad : boen wonnded in Ireland. By tbe time the news reaahed Paris, they told ob afterwards, that the wound bad become magnified into a fatal wound, and the Frenoh had burnt bis effigy in triumph, together with tbe effigy of tba devil bearing a soroll, with the saying-', I have been waiting for thoe these two years.*' It was, I must own, in great dejeotion that I rowed into Keawiok on tbe afternoon of Wednesday, July 9ih; to learn if any fresh newa had been reoeived. It was one of those oloudy Haye with every now and then bright' gleams of sunshine whioh we so often get in these parts. To the north tbe great mass of Skiddaw was flecked with purple shadows,1 while tbe Vale of Newlands was filled with mist, out of which tbe mountains rose like rnnlci from nnn fnam. ~ .- - . .. I |Jnst as I gained the landing-stage and moored the boat the sun shone oat glori ously, and looking baok I saw the igrand vista in whioh you look up the whole length of Derwentwater, with its wooded shores and' islands, and from end to end of oraRgy Bor rowdsle, the rugged heights of Glaramara blocking tbe southern end, and Castlo Crag guarding what we oall the jawa of the dale, As I looked, the bells of Orosthwaito ohuroh rang out a joyful peal — Barely that must mean that good news had arrived ? Harrying into the market. town I inquired, anil learnt that tbe bells were being rung because K.ng William's wound bad proved to be of the slightest and booanae, on thn .following 'lay, he bad gained a great viotory over King James, who had deserted Mb army, and was flying: with all speed to France, leaving tbe poor Irish who had rallied to bin support to shift for themselves aa best thoy might. I rowed back feeling as though a hngd load had been lifted off my heart, but .as I passed Lord's Island aiy own poraonal froablo seized upon me onoo more, for there,- down by the shore feeding her swans, stood Audrey, and catohing sight of mo sbo gave the dear, ringing oall with whioh we bad always sig nalled to each other as ohildren. I had no choice but to oboy her, bat I determined not to quit the boat. ? ' , ? 1 What are the ohuroh bells ringing for P ' ahe asked, eagerly. ? I hare heard of no wedding,' To be continued. 