THE BIJOU THEATRE. UK. DAMPIER'S HAMLET. It was rather a daring thing for Mr. Alfred Dampier to produce a Shakspearian drama, and particularly that of "Hamlet," on the boards of the Bijou, as lie did on Friday night, because tbe expansiveness of tJiat cosy little theatre has its limits; but the veteran author-actor is a manager of much resource, and makes a speciality of the art of '"making the scenery lit the spac^" Having been ousted from the Theatre Royal by ""'Jack and the Beanstalk"' Mr. Dampier opened at the Bijou •with a play of Pettitt's, and now returns to legitimate drama. It has become quite a custom of his to -wind up with Sliakspeare, or at least tr> produce one of the plays of the immortal bard during his season, perhaps as a sort of relief to his feelings after a lapse into sensational modern melodrama. Mr. Dampier K llamlet is not by any means unfamiliar to Adelaide playgoers, and therefore it is not necessary to enlarge upon his conception, which, by-thewa.v, is the result of long and careful study. It has found favour in America, and has not been adversely criticised here. He has a good physique, and makes a handsome if somewhat too robust Prince. That peculiar intonation of his, which has a tinge of sadness in it at the best of times, and seems to be a natural characteristic of Mr. Dampier, as we have detected in all his impersonations, comes rather fittingly _ in Hamlet's soliloquies, but he can rouse himself to vigorous dedamation when he chooses. We have had a long list of Hamlets in Adelaide—G. V. Brooke's and Montgomery's scholarly interpretations, Fairclough's soldierly style, Bandmann's Germanic idea, the classic conceptions of Charles Warner, JiliJn, Walter Bentley, Kyrle Bellew, and Wilson Barrett, and Jh-s. Lewis's feminine presentment, not to speak of others—but will not make comparisons. Mr. Dampier sticks to the Scandinavian features, making his Prince of Denmark a stTong and stalwart lieir to a historic throne, with a wealth of flaxen haii- and a vigorous manner. It is neither a conventional nor yet a distinctive conception. He is natural, free from exaggeration in his demeanour, and consistent in tiie meditative attitude. Iu declamation he comes out effectively, particularly in the soliloquy "OhI what a rogue and peasant riave am I." Passion is not wanting 'where the royal Dane is roused from his brooding melancholy, and in the scenes with Ophelia and the Queen last night he touched the chords of emotion, pathetic • and scornful, with no uncertain hand. We see little to cause us to alter our opinion of Mr. Dampier's Hamlet. As previously expressed, it was a studiously careful interpretation on his part, with certain mannerisms. We are inclined to think that Mr. Dampier's Hamlet would have gained for him more credit had he not been so much more familiar to playgoers as an actor in dramas like "Robbery Under Arms" and "HLS Natural Life," in which he "is more widely famed. A good perfor- mance is sometimes marred by a habit he has of rattling off sentences at express speed. Age may not wither nor custom stale Mr. Dampier's infinite variety, but his Hamlet is getting somewhat portly, and a littie tric-k of the voice that be has rather detracts from his delivery. That the excellent house last night appreciated his conception was proved by the close attention bestowed upon the performance, and tlie mounting was quite "up to the reputation, he has for staging his pieces in firstclass tfasliion. The ghost scene was laid partly in the castle and partly on the seashore, with great breakers tumbling on the beach adding to the impressiveness of the scone. Mr. Edmund Holloway would have bifin a more effective Ghost it he hadnotcome on covered from head to foot in a kind of bridal veil. One of the most successful <5 hosts we have had in Adelaide was one who was made to emerge through the castle wall, as the masonry seemed to lose ' it;; substantial character and melt before tbe supernatural visitant—a weird effect. Mr. Johnson Weir made a most manly and picturesque young Laertes, a handsome cavalier, and we must commend Mr. Ford's Polonius; it was not a senile old derelict, as some actors make the father of Laertes, irat a venerable, dignified, though somewhat garrulous Lord Chamberlain, as one expects the aged longbeard to be. Miss Ki.se Dampier, though overweighted with the part of Ophelia, gave a conscientious rendering, and reserved herself for the mad scene, in which she was very effective. Mr. Appleton was a fairly vigorous and kingly Claudius, and Miss Katherine Russell bore herself exceedingly well as Gertrude in the chamber scene. Mr. George Buller's First Gravedigger was a thoroughly good impersonation, full of the dry,. cynical humour of the old philosophical delver among -dead men's bones. Mr. W. Howard Smith was cast as Horatio, Mr. Bruce as Rosencranz, Mr. C. G. Calvert as Guilderstern, and Mr. H. Forrest as Osric. The part of the Player Queen fell to Miss Clements, that of iirst player to Mr. Jamieson, second player to Mr. Edwards, and Messrs. J. Kelly and Wymbuni were the officers, doing their several parts with satisfaction. Indeed, the company were well drilled, and the costuming was handsome. Taking it altogether, "Hamlet" was staged and produced far more effectively than one could have expected in so small a theatre. To-night Miss Lily Dampier will make her first appearance this season in the drama "Everyday London." An attractive programme for this even ing's continental concert at the Jubilee Exhibition Gardens has been prepared. Miss Nellie O'Sullivau will sing Jones's "The perfect life" and Adams's "The Star of iiethlehem;" and Mr. H. R. Holder, A:lams's "My life for thee," Tosti's "For ever and for ever," and Schubert's "The wanderer." Mr. Hopfs orchestra of thirty-six performers will play Bilse'g "Parade' march," Keiler's "Rackocsy" overture, Eilenberg's "Mill in the forest," Me tra's '"Spanish serenade," Mozart's "Two minuets," and Waldteufel's "Estudiantina ! waltz. Through the good offices of the Tide Surveyor, Air. M. J. C-onlon, Captain Kichter, of the Imperial German mail steamer Bar- barossa, kindly allowed tbe ship's band to tome ashore, at the Semaphore on Friday evening, and in the presence of a large ;rnd enthusiastic gathering gave from the Rotunda on the beach a very pleasing selection of music, vo the delight of those assembled. Jt is hoped that entertainments of ii. similar character will be given in the j uture. During the evening the Mayor of the Semaphore entertained the visitors. The entertainment provided lat the Troradeiu is a great attraction to visitor.?, who enter fully into the spirit of_ Uie jserforniances. To-night a long list of special items wj,l be presented in view ol the nuaiber of Show visitors in town, "Hurroo lor Casey" is tc be staged for the first time, and .dr. ,)ohn Tudor, for whom it was specially written, is to take a prominent jwirt. As announced in our advertising columns this morning the Board of Management of .the Y.M.C.A. have arranged with Mr. Ed- "v.-nrd Reeves to give a dfa static recital, entirely from memory, of Coukon Iyernahan's realistic t.tudy in dip.soniani.i, '"The Literary (Jrent." Those inlerc:-ttd in the grave question of inebriety, its ravages and its restriction, will have placed before them in thrilling manner one of the most powerful object-lessons it has ever been their lot to receive. The recital will take place in the Victoria Hall, on Thursday, March 16, and will be supplemented by humorous items by the reciter and songs by Mr. .3. J. Virgo. The plan of seats is now open at the Y.JI.C.A. office. On Thursday evening, March 2, the members of the Rose Park Sunday--school Cricket Oub gave a concert in the Sunday- «cbool hall. There ms r v <-T>- large and appreciative attendance oi mends and supporters. The Rev. Leonard llobjolms pre sided The following tool; part:— Missc-n Wittbsr, Cade, Torr, Pnest Dorman, Bro;idbcnl, and Hose, Messrs fcllis, Poole, Pank, Phillips, Woodro.ofe, Dean, and the Hose Park Schoolboys. The last of a series ot marine excursions under the auspices of the bemaphore Boys Club is announced for to- day. Ilie tug l-uro will leave Port Adelaide at 3 p.m. for Glenelg, calling at the beinaphore both 