ANGELINE : A Complete Story. t> _ s. (Bv EMILB ZOLA). NEAIU.Y two years ago I waj spinning on my bicycle over a deserted road to- wards Orgeval, above Poissy, wlien the sudden eight of a wayside house caused rae such surprise that I sprang from my machine to take a better look at it. It was a brick-built house with no marked characteristics, and it stood under the I grey November sky, amid the cold wind [ which was sweeping away the deal leaves in tlie centre of spacious grounds planted with old treos. That which rendered it remarkable, which lent it an aspect of fierce, wild, savage strangeness of a nature to oppress the heart, was tho frightful abandonment into which it lind fallon. And as part of the iron gate was torn away, and a huge notice board, with lettering half effaced by tho rain, uimonncod that tho placo wa^ for sale ; I entered the garden, yielding to curiosity mingled with uneasiness and anguish. 'flu: honc-e must have been unoccupied for 80 or perhaps IO years. The bricks of the cornices and facings had he*n dis- joined by past winters, and were over- grown with moss and lichen. Cra'.'ks, suggestive of precocious wrinkles, scarred the frontage of tho building, which still looked strong, though no caro whatever was now taken of it. The steps below, split by frost and shut off by nettles and brambles, formed, as it were, a threshold of desolation and death. But tho frightful mournfulness of the place came more particularly from its bare, curtainless, glaucos windows, whose panes had been broken by stone throwing urchins, and which, ono and nil, revealed the desolate emptiness of the rooms, like dim eyes that had re- mained wide open in some soulless corpse. Then, too, the spacious garden all nround was a scene of devastation ; the old flower beds could scarce be discerned beneath the growth of rank weeds ; tho paths had disappeared, devoured by hungry plants ; the shrubberies had grown to virgin forests. There was all the wild vegotation of some abandoned cemetery in the damp gloom beneath thu hugo and ancient trees, whoso last leaves were that day being swept off by the autumn wind, which ever shrieked its doleful plaint. Long did I linger there amidst the despairing wail of nature, for though my heart was oppressed by covert fear, by growing anguish, I was detained by a feeling of ardent pity, a longing to know mid to sympathise with all the woe and grief that I felt around me. And when nt Inst 1 lind left the spot and perceived across the road, nt a point where the i latter forked, a kind of tuvcrn, a hovel ! where drink was sold, 1 entered it, tully \ resolved to question the folks ot the j neighborhood. But I only fonnd there an old woman who sighed and whimpered ns she served me a glass of beer. Sho complained of living tnt that ont-nf-thc-way road, along which not even a couple of cyclists passed each day. .And she talked on interminably, telling mc her story, relating that she was called Mother Toussaint, that she and her man had come from Vernon to take that tavern, thnt things lind turned out fairly well at first, but that all hud been going from bad to worse since sho had become a widow. When, after her rush oF words, I began to question her respecting the neighboring house, she suddenly became circumspect, and glanced at mo suspici- ously, ns if she thought thnt I wished to tenr some dread secret from her. "Ah. yes," said she, " La Saiivngiere, thc haunted house, ns people sny here- abouts. . . . For my part, I know nothing, mousier ; it doesn't date from my time. I shall have only been here 80 years como next Easter, and thoso things go back to well nigh 40 years now. When we came hero tho house was already much ns you seo it. Tho summers pn?s, tho winters pass, and nothing stirs unless it bu thc stones that Fall." " But why," I asked, " why is tho place not sold, sinco it is For salo ?" "Ah, why j Why ? Cnn I tell . People say so many things." I was doubtless beginning to inspire her with somo confidence. Besides, at heart she must havo boen burning to tell mo the many things that people said. Sho began hy relating that not one of the girls of tho neighboring village ever dared to enter La Saurngierc after twi- light, for rumor had it that some poor wandering soul returned thither every night. And, as I expressed astonish- ment that such a story could still find any credit so near to Paris, she shrugged her shoulders, tried to talk like a strong minded woman, but finally betrayed by her manner tho terror she did not con- fess. " There are facts that cannot be de- nied, monsieur. You ask why the place is not sold. I have seen many pur- chasers arrive, and nil have gone off quicker thnn they carno ; not . one of them has ever put in a second appear- ance. Well, one matter that's certain is that as soon as a visitor dare venturo in- side the house some extraordinary things happen. Thc door3 swing to and fro and close by themselves with a bang, ns if a hurricane were sweeping past. Cries, moans, and sobs ascend from the cellars, and if the visitor obstinately re- mains a heartrending voice raises a con- tinuous cry of 1 Angeline ! Angeline ! Angeline !' in such distressful, appealing tones that one's very bones are frozen. I repent to you that this has been proved ; nobody will tell yon otherwise. I must own that I was now growing impassioned mysclF, and could feel a little chilly quiver coursing down my akin. "And this Angeline, -who is she ?" I asked. " Ah, monsieur, it would he neces- sary to tell you all. And, once again, for my part, I know nothing." Nevertheless, the old woman ended by telling mo nil. Soma 40 years pre- viously-in or about 1858-at the time when the triumphant Second Empire was ever en /ele, M. de ß-, a func- tionary at the Tuileries, lost his wife, by whom Le had a daughter some 10 ycara old-Angeline, a marvel of beauty, the living portrait of her mother. Two years, later M. de G-marri«! again, espousing another fumou3 beauty, the widow of a general officer. And, it was asserted, that from the very moment nf those second nuptials, atrocious jea- lousy had sprung up between Angeline and her stepmother, the former stricken to the heart at finding her own mother already forgotten, replaced so soon by u stranger, and the other tortured, mad- dened by always having before her that living portrait of a woman whose memory she feared she wonld never be able to offaeo. La Sauvagiere was the property nf the new Madame de G- and there, one evening, on seeing the father passionately embruce his daughter, she, in her jealous niudne?*, it Unsaid. Jiad dealt the child so violent a ii¡o»v tui¡$he poor girl had fallen to the floor dead, lier collarbone broken. Then the rest was frightful ; the distracted father con- senting to bury his daughter with Iiis own hands in a cellar of tho house .in order to save the murderess ; tho re inn'ms lying there for years, whilst the child was said to be living with au aunt ; and at last the howls of a dog and its persistent scratching of the ground, leading to the discovery of the crime., which was, however, at once hushed np by command of the Tuileries. And now Monsieur and Mine, de G- were both dead, while Angeline again re- turned each night at the call of the heartrending voice that ever cried fur her from ont of the mysterious spheres beyond thc darkness. " Nobody will contradict me," con- cluded Mother Toussant. " It is all. as true as that two mid two make four." I had listened to her in bewilderment, resenting certain improbabilities, but wm over by the brutal and sombre strange ness of tho tragedy. I had heard some- thing of this 31. dc G--, and it seemed to he that lie had indeed married a second time, and that some family grief hud overclouded his life. Was tim tale true, then ? Whnt n tragical mid affecting story. Every liuuiau passion stirred np, heightened, exasperated to madness : the most terrifying love tale there could he, a little girl as beautiful as dnylight, adored, and yet killed by her stepmother and iburied by lier father in tho corner of a cellar. There was here more mntter for horror and emotion than one might dare to hope for. J was again about to question and discuss tilings. Thou I asked myself what j would bo thu uso oE it. Why not carry J that frightful story away with me in its j (lower, much indeed as it had sprouted from popular imagination ? As I again sprang upon my bicycle I gave La Sauvogiere a last glance. The night was falling, and tho woeful houso gazed at rae with its dim and empty windows akin to the eyes of a corpse, whilst thc wail of tho autumn wind still swept through the ancient trees. II. Why did this story so fix itself in my brain as to lead to real obsession, perfect torment ? This is one of those intellec- tual problems that are difficult to solve. In vain t told myself that similar legends overrun the rural districts, and thnt I had no direct concern in this one. In spite of all I was haunted by that dead child, that lovely and tragic Angeline, to whom every night for 40 years past n desolate voice had called through the empty rooms of the for- saken house. Thus, during the first two months of tho winter I made researches. It was evident that if anything, however little, transpired of such dramatic disappearance the newspapers of the period must have referred to it. However, I ransacked the collections of the National Library with- out discovering a line about any such story. Then I questioned contemporaries, men who had formerly had intercourse with Tuileries society, Jjut none could jjive me a positive reply. I only obtained contradictory information. So much so that, although still and ever tortured by tho mystery, I had abandoned all hope of getting to the trnth, whence chance one morning set mc on a fresh track. Every two or three weeks I paid a visit of good-fellowship, affection, and admiration to the old poet V-, who died last April, on the tbreshhold of his 70th year. Paralysis . of the legs had for many years previous riveted him to an armchair ta his study of the Rao d'Assas, whose window overlooked the garden of the Luxembourg. He there peacefully finished a dreamy life, for he had ever lived on imagination, building for himself a palace of ideality, in which j ho had loved and suffered far away from the real. Who of us does not remem his refined and amiable features, hi3 while hair carly like a child's, his palo blue eyes which had retained the innocence of youth ? One could not say that he invariably t«.ld falsehoods. Rut the truth is he was prone bi invention, in s'.ichwisc that one never exactly knew at what point reality ceased to exist for him and at what point dreaming began, lie was a very charming old man, long since detached from life, one whose words often filled me with emotion as if indeed they were a rogue, discreet revelation of tho unknown. One day, then, I was chatting with him nenr the window ot the little room which a blazing fire ever warmed. It was freezing terribly out of doors. The Luxembourg Gardens stretched away white with snow, displaying a broad horizon of immaculate purity. And I know not how, but at last I spoke to him of La Sanvagiere, and of the story that still worried me-that father who had re- married, and that stepmother, jealous of the little girl ; then the murder perpe- trated in a fit of fury, and tho burial in a cellar. V-listened to nae with tho quiet smile which he retained oven in moments of sadness. Then silonce fell, his pale blue eyes wandered away over the white immensity of the Luxembourg, whilst a shade of dreaminess, emanating from him, seemed to set a faint quiver all around. '. I knew M. de G-very well," he slowly said. " I knew his first wife, whoso beauty was superhuman ; I knew the second one, who was no less won- drously beautiful ; and I myself pas- sionately loved them both without ever telling it. I also knew Angeline, who was yet more beautiful than they, and whom all men a little later would have worshipped on their knees. But things dil not happen quite as yon say." My emotion was profound. Was tho unexpected truth that I despaired of at hand, then ? At first I felt no distrust, but' said to him : " Ali, what a service yon render me, my friend. ' I shall at last be able to quiet my poor mind. Make haste to tell mo all." But he wns not listening, his glance still wandered far awny.i And ho began to speak in a dreamy voice, as if creating things and beings in. his mind as he proceeded : "At 12 years of age Angeline was one in whom all woman's love, with every impulse of joy and grief, had already flowered. She it was who felt desperately jealous of tho new wifo . whom every day she saw in her father's arms. She suffered from it as from some frightful net of betrayal ; it was I not her mother only who was insulted by that now union, sho herself was tortured, her own heart was pierced. Every night, too, she heard her mother calling her from her tomb, and ono night, eager to rejoin her, overcome by excess of suffering and excess of love, this child, who was but 12 years old, thrust a knife into her heart." A cry burst from me. "Ah! Is it possible ?" " How great was the fright and horror," he continued, without hearing me, " when on thc morrow Monsieur and Madame de G- found Angeline in her little bed with that knife plunged to its very handle in her breast ! They wore nbout to start for Italy ; of all their servants, too, there only remained in thc house an old nurse who had reared the child. In their terror, fear- ing that they might be accused of a crime, they induced the woman to help them, and. they did indeed bury the body, but in a corner of tho conservatory behind the house, nt tho foot of a huge orange tree. And there it was found on the day when, tho parents being dead, the old servant told the story." Doubts had come to mo while he spoke, and I scrutinised him anxiously, wondering if ho had not invented this. " But," said I, " do you think it possible that Angeline can come back each night in response to the heartrending, mys- terious voice that calls her ?" This time he looked at me and smiled indulgently once more. " Como bock, my friend ? Why everyone comes back ! Why should not thc soul of that dear, dead child still dwell in the spot where she loved and suffered ? If a voice is heard calling her, 'tts because life has not yet begun afresh for her. Yet it will begin afresh. Nothing is lost, love no more than beauty, Angeline I Angeline ! Ange- line 1 She is called and will bo born anew to the sunlight ond the flowers." Decidedly, neither belief nor tran- quillity came to my mind. Indeed, my old friend had assuredly been inventing things. And yet, like all his visionaries, he could, perhaps, divine the truth. " Is it all true, what you have been telling me !" I ventured to ask bim with a laugh. Ile in his taro broke into gentle mirth. " Why, certainly it is truth. Is not the infinite all trae ?" That was the last time I saw him, for soon afterward I had to quit ParÍ3. Bnt I can still picture him, glancing thought- fully over the white expense of the Luxembourg, so tranquil in the convic- tions born of his endless dream, whereas I am consumed by my desire to arrest and for all time determine Truth, which ever and ever flees. III. Eighteen months went by. I had been obliged to travel ; great trials and great j;iys had impassioned my Hf« amidst the tempest-gust which carries us all towards the Uuknown. Bnt at certain moments still I heard the wofol cry : " Angeline ! Angeline ! Angeline !" approach from afar and penetrate me. And then I trembled, full of doubt once more, tortured by desire to know. I could not forget ; for me there is no woräe hell then uncertainty. I cannot say how it wa3 that one splendid June evening I again found myself on my bicycle on the lonely road that passes La Sauagierc. Had I ex- pressly wished to see the place again, or was it mere instinct that impelled me to quit the highway and turn in that direc- tion V It was nearly eight o'clock, but those, being the longest dnys of the year, the" sky was still radiant with a trium- j pliant sunset, cloudless, till gold and azure. Anti how light and delicious was the atmosphere, how pleasant the scent of foliage and grass, how softly, sweetly joyous tho far-stretching peace- fulness of the fields. As on the first occasion, amazement made mo spring irom my machine in front of La Sauvegiere. I hesitated for a moment. The place was no longer the same. A fine new iron gate glittered in the sunset, the walls had been re- paired, and the house, which I could scarcely distinguish among the trees, seemed - to have regained the smiling gniety of youth. Was this, then, Un- predicted resurrection ? Dad Angeline returned to life at the call of tho distant voice ? I hod remaiued on the road, thunder- struck, still gadng, when a halting footfall made me start. I turned nnd eaw Mother Toussaint bringing her cow back from a neighboring patch of lucerne. " So thoso folks wero not frightened, eh ?" said I, pointing to tho house. Sho recognised mo and stopped her beast. " Ah, monsieur !" she answered, " there are pcoplo who would tread on angels themselves ! The place has been sold for more than a year now. But it was a painter who bought it, a paititer named B-, and those nrtists, you know, arc capable of anything." Then BIIO drove on her cow, shaking her . head and adding : " Well, well,- we must see how it will all turn out I" B-, the painter, the delicate nnd skilful artist who had portrayed so muny amiable Purisienne3 ! I knew him a little ; we shook hands when we met at theatres and shows, wherever, indeed, people are apt to meet. Thus, all at once, an irresistible longing seized me to go in, make my confession to hint, mid beg him to tell me what he knew of this Sauvagiero, whoso mystery ever haunted me. And without reasoning, without thought even of my dusty cycling suit-which custom, by tho way, is now rendering permissible-I opened the gate and rolled my bicycle as far ns «tho mossy trunk of an old tree. At the clear call of the bell affixed to tho gate a servant came. I handed him my card, and ho left mo for a moment in the garden. My surprise increased still more when I glanced around me. The honsefront had been repaired, thoro wero no moro cracks, no moro disjoined bricks ; tho stsps,' girt with roses, were once more like a threshold of joyous welcome ; and now tho living windows smiled and spoke of tho happiness behind their snowy cur- tains. Then, too,- there was tho garden rid of its nettles and brnmblos, the flower-bed reviviscent, resembling a huge and fragrant nosegay, and the old trees, standing amid the quietude for ceuturios, rejuvenated hy the golden rain of the summer sun ! Wkon tho servant returned ho led me to drawing-room, saying that his master had gone to the neighboring village, but would soon be homo. I would have waited for hours. At first I took patience in examining the room, which was elegantly furnished with heavy carpets, and window and door curtains ot cretonne similar to that which up- holstered tho large settee and the deep armchairs. The hangings were, indeed, so full that I felt astonished at the sudden fall of the daylight. Then came darkness almost perfect. I knew not how long I stayed there; I had been for- gotten ; no lamp was even brought nie. Seated in tho gloom, I once again yielded to my dreams and lived through the whole tragic story. Had Angeline been murdered ? Or, had she herself thrust a knife into her heart ? And I must confess it, in that haunted house, where all had become so black, fear seized upon me, fear which was at tho outset but slight uneasiness, n little creeping of the flesh, and which afterwards grew, froze me from head to foot, till I was filled with insane fright. It seemed to mo at first that vague sounds were echoing somewhere. 'Twas doubtless in tho depths of the cellars. There were low moans, stifled sobs, footsteps as of soma phantom. Then it all ascended and drew nearer, the whole dark house seemed to me full of that frightful anguish. All at once the terrible call arose, " Angeline, Angeline, Augeline !" with such increasing force that I fancied I could feel a puff of icy breath sweep across my face. A door of the drawing-room was flung open violently. Angeline entered and crossed the room without geeing me. I recog- nised her in the flash of light which came in with her from the hall where a lamp was barning. 'Twas really she, the poor dead child, 12 years of age, so marvellously. beautiful. Her splendid fair hair fell over her shoulders, and she was clad in white ; she had come all white from the grave whence every night she rose. Mute, scared, she passed before me, and vanished throngh another door, whilst again the cry rang ont farther away, " Angeline, Angeline, Angeline !" And I-I remained erect, my brow wet with perspiration, in a state of horror, which made my hair stand on end, beneath the terror striking blast that had come from the Mysterious. Almost immediately afterwards, I fancy, at the moment when a servant at last brought a lamp, I became conscious that B-, tho painter, was beside me, shaking my hand and apologising for having kept me waiting so long. I showed no false pride, but, still quiver- ing with dread, I at once told him my story. And with what astonishment did he not at first listen to me. and then with what kindly laughter did be not seek to reassure me. " Yon were doubtless, unaware, my dear fellow, that I am n cousin of the second Madame de G-. Poor woman.' To accuse her of having murdered that child, she who loved her and wept for her as much as the father himself did. For the only point that is true is that the poor little girl did die here, not, thank Heaven ! by her own hand, but by a sudden fever which struck her down like a thunderbolt in such wise thnt the parents forsook tho house in sorrow and terror and would never return to it. This explains why it so long remained empty, even in their lifetime. After their death came endless lawsuits, which prevented it from being sold. I wished to secure it myself ; I watched for it for years, and I assure you that since we have been here we have seen no ghost. The little quiver came over me again, and I stammered : " But Angeline, I have just seen her here this moment ! Tho terrible voice was calling her, and she passed by, she crossed this room !" Ho looked at me in dismay, fancying that my mind was affected. Then, all nt once, lid again broke into a sonorous, happy laugh. " It was my daughter whom you saw. It so happens thnt M. de G-was her godfather ; nnd in memory of his own dear daughter hu chose for her thc name of Angeline. No doubt her mother was calling her just how, and she passed throngh this room." Then ho himself opened a door, and once more raised tho cry : '. Angeline ! Angeline ! Angeline !*' The child returned, not dead, but living, sparkling, with juvenile gaiety. 'Twas she in her white gown, with lier splendid fair hair failing over her shoulders, and so beautiful, so radient with hope, that she looked like an incar- nation of all the springtime of life, bear- ing in the bud the promise'of love and tho promise of long years of happiness. Ah ! the denr revenante, tho new child that lind sprung from the ono that wus not muru ! Death »ns vanquished. Myoid friend, tho poet V-, had told no falsehood. Nothing is lost, renas- cence comes to all, to beauty ns well as love. Mothers' voices call them, those lassies of to-day, thoso sweethearts of to- morrow, and they live afresh beneath the sun, amid the (lowers. And 'twas that awakening of youth that now haunted the house-tho house which had once moro become young and happy, in the joy at last regained that springs from tho Jife eternal. " The Redheaded Mun." By Fergus Hume. To bo -commenced in tho MINER to-morrow. Twenty-six chapters. Don't fail to get the open iug chapters._ 