English Mail News. A despatch received in New York from the eity of Mexico state3 that there ai-e no fewer than 85,000 persons suffering from influenza ? in that eity. It is ol an ex ceptionally bad type, and has proved very' fatal, especially among the poorer classes. Late on Saturday night, February 25th, a; dynamite explosion occurred in tho Bigot Tunnel works, on tho. Juu'gf rail railway, hy which six wen, including a foreman, wore killed. It is not certain how the explosion was produced, as all tho men employed' at the place were killed, but it is bolievod to have occurred whilst tho first blasting chargo was being laid, as the pioco of wood used to drive homo the charge was found to havo passed through tho nook of the foreman. A telegram received at Washington from Manila announces that two Englishmen who were watching the fire at Tondo from a window wore shot by tho American troops, who appear to have fired at them in tho belief that they were Filipinos. An Argentino subject, manager of tho Andrews Cotton Mill, was killed on the spot. Mr. O. F. Simpson was mortally wounded, and Mr. T., Haslam was slightly wounded. Tho Queen has conferred tho Victoria Cross on Captain the Hon. A. G. A.' Horo Ruthven, 8rd Battalion Highland1 Light In-, fantry. On September 22, 1898, during the action o£ Gedarif, Captain' Horo-Rutnvon,' seeing an Egyptian officer lying wounded within 50 yards of the advancing Dervishos, who wore firing and charging, picked him up and carried him towards tho 16th Egyptian Battalion. Ho dropped tho wounded oificor two or threo times and fired upon the Der vishes who wore following, to oheok their advance. Had the officer been loft whoro he first dropped ho must have been killed. Captain Horo-Ruthven, who is a, son of Lord Ruthven, is 2G years of ago. Professor Wassermann, ono oE tho most diligent and capable pupils of Professor Eoch, hopes (states tho Berlin correspondent of tho Daily Netvs) to have found the serum for the euro of pneumonia. Pneumonia is said to bo caused by tho puouuiococcus bacil lus. Dr. Wassermann inoculated rabbits with this, and with the serum thus gained he inoculated mice infected by pneumonia. After prolonged experiments ho discovered that it was the red marrow of tho bones in which the production of tho anti-toxin took place, and tho most promising discovery is that tho. reel marrow taken from a human subject dead from pneumonia, and used as serum, will cure mico infected with that dis ease. Professor 'Wassermann thinks, thero fore, that tho serum discovered by him will also prove effective with human beings; At Assouan on February 25 tho Duke of Oonnaught laid the foundation-stone pf tho new English Ohuvch. In performing tho ceremony his Royal Highness said : — 'It is with great pleasure that I lay tho foundation stone of this church, the furthest south in Egypt, which will bo a groat godsend to our countrymen and oul1 brethron from the United States who continue to cqmo in in creasing numbers to Egypt. In the name of tho Father, the Son, and tho Holy Ghost I lay this first stone of St. Mark's Church.' In reply to an address read by Colonel Esdaile .welooming tho royal party, the Duke . said that he felt great pleasure in seeing a work approaching completion which would bo a blessing to his countrymen and to the in creasing numbers of American visitors. At the close of the service the Duke telegraphed to the Queen. His Royal Highness sub scribed '£25 to the ohurch fund. Tho trowel used was fashioned out of a Dervish spear head. It was recently asserted that tho Ozar, owing to the delicato state of his health, in tended visiting Madeira. A curious state ment now comes from Copenhagen. Accord ing to the 'Politiken' the Czar Nioholas is said to have for months not taken any part in Governmental affairs, the Grand Duke Michael being the real ruler. This passivity on tho part of the Russian ruler, whioh dates from tho time immediately after tho publica tion of his Peace manifesto, is said to have been due to tho delicate state of his health. According to another version (says the Berlin correspondent of the 'Daily News') his family have taken steps to induce him to stand aloof from public affairs. The recent ukase concerning the Russification of Fin land is said to bear tho signature of tho Grand Duke Miohael, the Ozai; confining himself to writing on the draft the marginal note: 'Be it so.' The above statement (adds the correspondent) sounds very im probable, and I may add that in tho bost infoi'med quarters here nothing ia known which in any respeot confirms it. The Vienna correspondent of the Standard reports a singular domestio tragedy from Nagy Warad, in Hungary. Last year two very young people, named Johann Szilagyi and Piroslca Varga, married, and wero recently blessed with a daughter. The Royal Court has, however, been forced to declare tho marriage null and void, since it has been: proved that tho pair aro really brother and sister. Tho -young, man was illegitimate, and accordingly boro his mother's name, and when ho was subsequently legitimised by tho marriage of the father and mother,ifc waa forgotten to'mako any ohange in the register' of his birth. Tho parents died, and the children, who were loft quite young; word sont into service in two different places, oaoh with a different name and with docu ments bearing those names, . By a fatal coincidence they met without knowing each other, fell in love, and married, and it is to bo presumed Jihat the facts were only dis covered accidentally. The child has been provisionally loft with the mother, but the husband and wife has been separated, though they declare they would rathor dio than port. Particulars aro published of a mystorious affair which took place on the''London and North- Western Railway. ' On the arrival of the train from Willesdeh Junction at Konsal liiso Station at 9.45 p.m., one of the carriage doors was noticed to bo wid&.'open. The compartment was found to be .full of smoke, as though from'a 'gunpowder explosion, and a woll-dressod man was lying on tho floor in an insonsiblo condition, with. a black bag by his side. Tho only oocupont of. the noxt compartment '?' asserted that be heard three distinct explosions as tho train was proceed ing between tho stations. '. The passengor, on rooovoring, could give no account of what hod happened. He gave tho name of Guggenheim, of West Hampstead. A doctor who saw him stated that ho was only Buffer ing from shooki and ho was allowed to ? ? ?'? '? ., ?;? k proceed to his homo. Tho officers of tho Criminal Investigation Department are making inquiries. Tho Now YotkHcyald announces that Mr. Thomas A. Edison jun., son of tho groat inventor, has discovered a process of harden ing stool which may revolutionise that in dustry. A 6-iu. plato, treated by tho now process, is suporior in power of resistance to loin. Harvoyised plates. Edison's is said to be also much suporior to the Krupp process. Tho steel rails, Mr. Edison declares, manu factured under his process will not spread. Tools and bearings aro mado practically everlasting. Tho process (says tho Washing ton correspondent of tho Daily Chronicle) is to bo kept secret until after tho Govovnmont has experimented with it on armour-plates. Mr. Edison is 22 yoars old, and was brought up in his father's laboratory. 