News in Brief. Thk War Ofiico isBendiog toSouthAfrica a gigantic Btdam plough, to bo used for the Gutting ;of; trohchos. Tub German Emperor and Empress landed at Portsmouth. Their Majesties had di grobt rodeptioo. Ladysmith on tho 18th instant reported tho town to bo healthy, and it was con sidered it oould hold out for two months. At Gunniblo Station, Gunnedah, last week over 1000 tons of hay was burnt through staking boforo it was dry. Mn. W, P. Schteinnr, tho Capo Premier, bits announced that it is not mtonded to call out tho Capo burgher forcos; thoy must, ho says, Bimply remain loyal. The Boers, as a ruso, at Elands Laagte imitated tlio British bugle sounding " Coaio tiro/' so causing confuiion among the British troops. . Tins column under Licutenant-Gencral Lord.Methucn numbers 5000 men. It is awaiting the arrival of tho Naval Brigade, and will advanoo on Kimborloy this week. Some of -tho British troops who are i prisoners at Pretoria havo contracted scurvy. iThey complain of tho inferiority of the ! tinned meats with whioh they have been J supplied. I Sue Alfred Milncr has issued a proclama tion ric'ularing that the British Government 1 will compensate the loyalists for losses sus tained through their adheronco to their | allegianco-to her Majesty. I Lord Kitchener, Governor-General of tho ' Soudan, has arrived at Khartoum. Ho has I, telegraphed that the Khalifats in Kordofan, 1 west of Duom, on the White Nilo, about 100 miles south of Khartoum. CoXtiiDKEtAiUiE comment haB been at tracted in Eugland by a public statement by Mr. Ivor Guest to tho effect that the Trans* vaal debt will bear tho cost of tho war. This is regarded as probably correct. The Premier stutod in tho Assembly on Tuesday, in reply to Dr. Graham, that, although it was impoBBiblc to say for cor tain, still ho boliovod that Parliament would bo prorogued beforo Christmas. If accessary, in ordor to get through the work, he would ask the Homo to sit earlier in tho day, or to sit an additional night in tho week. A rkpoiit from Bathurst stales that on Monday a person, whilo passing a hauno, was attracted by an offensive smell, and having enlored the plaoo, tho body of a man in an advauoed stago of decomposition wus found. Deceased wus a painter tiatnod Wm. Jfnvcll, who had bcou acting as caretaker of tho house, and ho had not beiTn Boon for a .week. A magisterial inquiry was held at nay on Monday, regarding the death of Leslie Armitago, aged G, sou of Mr. Mathew Armitftgo, who was found drowned in Iho Murrumbldgeo lastSaturday. Deceased was missed on Friday cvoning, and his body was recovered by grappling irons not far from his paronts liotne, A verdict of found drowned woa returned. In Mulbourno several storekeepers were lined £2 each fur Belling baby bottles of champagne containing less than au Imperial pint,-which the act allows grocers to soli. In oach caso it was bIiovvq that those amall bottlca wero Bold singly merely for a sick room. A slay of proceedings was granted fur a month to admit of an appeal and petition to remit tho tinos on the ground of gross absurdity. Sih Godfroy Lugdon, the Resideut Com missioner in Uusutoland, in ihc aourao of interviews with Lerothodi aod other leading ohlofs, calmed tho Basutos by stat* ing that if they had risen many of the Dutoh settlors would iiavo joined tho Boer*. Tho ohief Malapos finds it diliicult to oaoapo tho intrigues of tho Free Stato Field Cornet) Raumemoach. The Boors threaten tourresb tho Busuto ohiofs uud tho Britinh officials. Tin; magisti'ito at Aliwal North, in tho disaffected portion of Cape Colouy, was compelled by tho Boers to stand on the bridgo spanning t.ho Orange Rivor while they croasod over it into tho towo. Thoy feared that tko Britinh had laid mines beneath the bridge. The residents of tho lown of Republican sympathies woro cam maodueruO by tho Boers, while tho others were ordered to leave. . Final arrangemonis have been made be tween tho Governments of New South Wales and Victoria in regard to . tho building of a bridgo over tho Murray River at Cobram. As Viotoria will bone* Ob chiefly by the traflio over the bridgo, that oolony has agreed to pay tho cost of tho structure, but it will bo built by Now South Wales, this colony ulso construct ing tho road approaches to it from this side. ' A teleqiiam from Blayney states that | consternation has boon causod among tho miners at the copper mino by the visits of a ghost in ono of tho shafts. iStrango noises such as the ringing of bells, loud sighings, croanings, etc., uro reported to bo heard By tho men. . It is further stated that ovon tho minor's caudles uro extinguished by a (supernatural being; sumo of tho men also stato that tho ghost brushed past them. Owing to the torror inspired by tho visitor from unknown rogionn, mx mon have re fused to work in.tho mine. This Chief Stock Inspector's report for 1898 allows that tho cattle in New South Wales deorcased by 80,000 on tho year, tho total being 1,83(3,.'{99. The dccroasoin sheep was 2,250,000, tho total boing 41,250,000. The wool clip was 223,9G8,833 lb., a deoroaso of 312,813 lb. on 1807. Of this olip 183,800,000 lb wero sent to Sydney, 32,856,000 to Molbourno and 7,289,000 to Adelaide. Tho report states that all tho colonies, including New Zealand, Tasmania, and West Australia arc now officially de clared free from Hoab. Tub Federal Rillo Match, fired at the IVilliamstown rangos on Monday, resulted at ho victory of Quoeneland, with a total if 1503. The scores of tho other colonies kvero t—Now South Wales, 1517 ; Vic torio, 15113 5 South Auntralia, 1452; Tus uauia, 1413. Tho cup, presented in 1888 by Sir John M'Grogor, now passes finally into tho possession of Queensland, the Borihcm colony having won it livo times. After tho shooting was over, the council of tho V.R.C. cntertaiucd tho toams at din ner. Tho health of tho visitors was pro posed, aud they were heartily complimonted on the fine performance. A' KKQUlsiTlos calling on Mr. Holman, M.L.A., to resign his position as member of tho Assembly for Grunfell, qiven the following reason : " As you have wantonly abused the confidcnco wo reposed in you ub tho last election, and you no longer retain our authority to givo expression of your viows in Parliament, Antagonistic to our aherished principles of loyalty to tho British Empire, of which it is our proud privilege bo bo members." Tho requisition i» hoadod by the Mayor, and copies, of the same for signature aro being distributed throughout tho olectorato. A cask of considerable interest and im» portuuee to equatters and stookownors was hoard at Glon Inneson Monday, when Hugh , M4Donald, of Duntulm, chargod A. Doust, superintendent for Camboll' Brothers, of Blair Hill Station, that, being tho owner or suncrintondont of more than 50 sheep, ho did fail to givo tho complainant tho 24 hours' nottco in writing required by tho Diseases in Stock Act of his intention to 'muster stock in tho adjoining paddooks of Blair Hill. Defendant mustered the shcop for shearing purpose*, and among them were sovorul the property of complainant. Tho defendant admitted that no written notico of the inLontion to muster had beon given, aud, in view of the remarks of tho bunuh, who tiskod if I10 still insisted upou his plea of not guilty, end puiutcdout that he was liablo to a iiuu of 1I5U ou his owu admission, he withdrew tho plea. A tine of £5, with costs, was impoBod. 