Utany of the Sacred Heart of Jesus. (By deoree of itho Sacred Congregation of Kites dated April 2, 1899, tho following' Litany of the Heart of Jesufus approved for tho entire world, and tho Holy Father has attached an Indulgenoo of 800 days to its recitation in public or in private.) Lord, have mercy on us. Christ, have moroy on us. Lord, have mercy on us. . Christ, hear us. Ohriflt, graoiously hear us. God, tho Father of Heaven. Have mercy on us. God, the Son, Redeemer of the world. God, the Holy Ghost, Holy Trinity, ono God. ' Hoart of Jesus, Son of tho Eternal Father. Have mercy on us. Heart of Jesus, formed by the Holy Ghost in the womb of tho Virgin Mother. Hoart of Jesus, substantial!}' united to the Word of God, Heart of Jpsus, of Infinite Majesty, Heart of Joans, Sacred Temple of God, Heart rf Jesus, tabomaole of the Most High, Heart of Jesus, Mouse of God and Gato of Hoavon, Hoart of Jesus, burning furnaoo of charity, Hoart of Josus, full of goodness and love, Heart of Jeuus, abyss of all virtues, Heart of Jobub, most worthy of all praise, Heart of Jorus, king and centre of all hearts, Hoart of Josus, in Whom aro all the treasures of. wisdom and knowledge, Heart of Jomis, in Whom dwells tho fullness of divinity, Heart of Josus, in Whom the Father was well pleased, Hoart of Josus, of Whoso fullness wo have all ruonivort, Heart) of Josus, ddiiro of tho everlasting hills, Hoart of Josus, patient and most merciful, Hoart of Josus, enriching all who invoke Thee, Heart of Jesus, fountain of life and holiness, Henrt of Joans, propitiation for our sins, Heart of Josus, loaded down with oppro brium, Heart) of Josus, bruised for our offonoos, Hoart of Josub, obodiont; unto death, Hoart of Josus, piorood with a lanoo, Hoart of Jesus, source of all consolation, Hoart of Jobus, our llfo and rasurrootion, Hoart of Joaus, our poaoo and reconciliation, Hoart of Johus, victim for sin, ,. ? Hoart of Josus, salvation of .those who trust in Thee Hoart of Johus, hope of thoso who die in Thoo, Heart of Johus, dollght of all tho saints, Lamb of God, who takost away tho sins of the world, spare us, u Lord, Lamb of God, who takoat away tho sins of tiha world, graciously hoar uq, 0 Lord, Lamb of God, who I' nicest away the sins of the world, have movoy on un, V, Josus mook and humble of hoart, R, Make our hoiirta like unto Thine, Lira Uh Pkay, 0, almighty ami eternal1 God, look upon tho Hoart of Thy doarly bolovod Son, and upon tho praisa and flatisfaation Ho offers Thoo in tho name of sinners and for those who Beck Thy moroy s bo Thou appeased and grant us pardon In tho name of tho same Josus Christ, Thy Son, who Hveth and roignoth with Thoo, in tho unity of the Holy Ghost, world wlthout'ond. Amen. It Is truo tha.t God promises forgiveness if wo repent, but what umnirauon hdvo wo of obtaining It to-morrow ? — Von. L. do Ulols, Tho salvation of tho human rivao having boon purohaHod by tho lll'o and death of tho God-Man, tho praotloal applioation of this unspeakable boon is mado by tho Roduomor Himself, and in a manner so sinrplo that 41 ho that runs may road.' As tho Master, a few days aftor, transferred tho full cihargo of His wholo Hook into tho hands of ono Apostle, authorising him to foorl His lambs and sheep, bo In this instanao ho delegates His oxoluslvo powor of forgiving sins to His Apostles, In languugo ho plain, no intolerant of any attompt to mystify or change Uh moaning, that thoro 1h no refuge loft those that will not aooopt tho language In itn Utortvl sonsc, save not to touoli tho quos tion. 