the cim Into the Club one day came a stranger who wanted to sell soap. - ' The Treasury Clerk's your man,' said the Morgue Coot, with a snigger ; 'he's the only man who needs a lot of soap.' ? . ?nave you any uog »oap r asitea me Treasury Clerk of the stranger. ' Yes, sir — dog soap, magic soap, soap for spots, stainB, and grease .marks on clothing.;, but the dog soap is specially recommended by the medical faculty.' :' '.''???:.?? 'I want a cake for the Morgue Coot,' retor ted the Treasury Clerk, ' Sixpence ?— all right, thanks 1' ' Clever, is it not ?' cried the Orato'r. ' The gibe about uncleanliness is bestowed and accep ted, because it is such a good joke. The mail who is out of work, who has old, if not tattered clothes, gats the discredit of uncleanliness. be cause he is not spick and span like a Civil ser vant who gets soap, a nail brush, and a clean towel supplied by Government. , It is such a joke that the out-of-work does not wear spotless linen- from the laundry of a cheap Chinaman. It is a perfect godsend to the comic artist, that the man whose sole livelihood is odd jobs on the wharf, has a skin that is darker than a blanched almond,' ' Nough said 1' icried the Morgue Coot. ' Who asked you to put in your oar ?' ' If you think my shirts are a joke^' said the Treasury Clerk, ' what about your speeches hot and hot from the phrase factory ?'. 'I don't want to offend you fellows,' said the Orator, somewhat taken a-back, ' bub it does annoy me to see in the press the reiterated sneers at the people — sneers that are made by the sons of the people, and bought by the people, and laughed at by the people.' 'Don't you think you stick too much to one point of view ?' mildly struck in one Amadeus, a new non-member. ' To have one only point of view is to be a prophet ; to have several is to be a philosopher.' *r 'Just so,' remarked the Critic. 'Humour is a sense of perspective. To have a single eye for anything is to hubs half its beauties, Cyclops, with one eye in his forehead, did well to work in a cavern, for to such a one Nature could only reveal a tenth of her charms.' 'There you go 1' cried the Comp, 'You wnnlfl fn.lt a. Infinnlo intn a. tn.11 Tio.t*.. 'RVriTn soap to Cyclops is an easy step for you.' '?Easy now, easy now,' said the Critic. ' Somebody said the other day that some re marks of mine were a humourleES defence of humour. So be it. lam afraid my apprecia tion is greater than my powers of expression. At any rate, I view humour from the point of view of the philosopher, while not able to apeak the language of the humourist.' ' Where is your authority for this Humour you prate about,' cried the Orator feverishly. ' Is it in the Vedas, the Korans, the Bibles, that so much influenced the world ? Was Jesus a Humourist, was Buddha, was Mahomet ?' 'Ah,' smiled the Critic, 'lam not so sure about Mahomet I' 11 What about that pun by Jesus, that Victor Hugo picks out ?.' asked the Treasury Clerk. 'As for that,' said Amadeus, ' one pun does not make a humourist. Jesus possessed a biting scorn. Witness that scorching recommendation to the Hcribes : 'Make to yourself friends of the Mammon of unrighteousness, that when ye die they may receive you into everlasting habi tations.' Jesus could use satire, and could 1 bring comfort — but that combination of the two which brings the laugh is not credited to Him by His disciples.' ' Got a parson in the Club, ' muttered the Morgue Coot. ' There ought ? to be a rule against that.' ; 'You are quite right,' said the Critic to the Orator. ' Having regard to the sacred books of the world, humour seems to be a gratuitous impertinence. Now, which of these books do you regard as correct and final?' ' Neither of them 1'. said the Orator, indig nantly. . 'Then there is something lacking!' cried the Critic. ' May it not be that those chronicles they had been edited by someone with a sense ;:. of humour. Those tales of the marvellous, . \' , .'? They serve a purpose,' suggested Amadeus. ;?' They test man's faith in God,' 'IIovv's that ?' asked the Treasury Clerk. 'Only an imitation faith accepts those storieB,' Amadeus answered ; ?' the genuine faith rejects them altogether.' 'They may be true metaphysically, tho' false literally,' asserted the Critic. ' At auy rate, that is an argument which 'would deny a knowledge of the truth to the ' ordinary man,' was the reply of Amadeng. ' I am sick of discussing Religion and Bigotry and all that !' cried the Morgue Coot. '1 ob ject to this Club being turned into a lunatic asylum for parsons.' ' Do you identify Keligion with Bigotry?' Amadens asked the Comp. ' Bigotry is only the cast-off cloak of Religion.'* ' It only makes us waxy, this talk about Religion,' said the Morgue Coot. 'Hear, hear 1' said the Comp. ?' Religion and the Fiscal Qusstion should be barred in Democratic circles.' ' . 'Right and well to a certain extent,' said the Critic. ' Talking together will1 do no harm. There are many of us who are orthodox. ? Some of us are heterodox. Those who |6ve the truth need not fear discussion. Parties working fox a politicarobject do well to stick to politics, for fear of wrangling about irrelcvaricies. But the nation that forgets Religion will never be strong.' ?? The nation that forgets to settle the land question will never be strong 1' corrected the Orator. ?' This is a world of men, not of cranks chasing ghosts with a butterfly netl What) does Swiuburne say : . ? A creed is a rod, And a crown is of night ; But this thing is God To be man with thy mig lit, To grow straight in the strength of thy spirit, and- live out thy life as the light.' Morality and manliness are better than all the religions ever invented by tyrants to keep a troubled people in thrall.' 'Right enough,' said Amadeus. But are you going to get morality and manliness throughout a nation, without the aid of Re ligion?' .- ? - ' That is the problem,' concluded the Critic. Editors Tocsin,— We would bring under your notice the treatment of some railway porters, especially those who act as ticket-col- - ,' lectors, and who are often called on to do duty in the '« Flying Gang.' These men, after doing [' their day's work, are called upon sometimes at 9 p.m. to report themselves at Flinders-street \' to check trains, the last being included on some r suburban station. They then have to walk to their homes, &* there is no return train. ;! Sometimes they are allowed a cab to the city, but as they often live in the suburbs, they still have to walk a considerable distance. For in- ,,. stance; one man comes from Port Melbourne, . another from Carl ton, another from South Yarra, another from Albert Park. These men, r when a cab is used, are dumped down at Flin ders-street, and have to find their way home at between I and 2 o'clock in the morning through ': lonely places at some personal risk. Moreover, '/, they are expected to turn up next morn ing for early duty. Their remuneration is three hours, say, for the actual time they are check- ;-' ing trains. No allowance for travelling to and \, from the depot stations. This is not right, as they are picked men. They should at least re ceive a day's pay for this duty and the inconveni ence arising therefrom, seeing that they are liable to be called out at any time. Another '^ thing .is that, owing to the alteration in the '; time-tables lately on the Brighton line, porters, signalmen, and guards have to work longer '; hours, for which they get no extra pay. The hours of porters are often 9, 10, and 11 for ': a dav's nav nf frnm Kh_ t.r- fiq. firl . This is n. * sweating wage, and one, totally inadequate to ;{'?'; i support a man in decency and comfort, and, '?:'-] added to the wearisome hours of duty per- - V formed by the porters, should make those in [' . sympathy with Labour's claims bestir them. '-';',?! selves so as to lighten the burden of an over. V'1 worked and underpaid body of State employes , Vi\ X. Rays. ;:'?{ Lunacy administration is a delicate subject for interference. But the autocratic powers almost necessarily given are liable, if not con stantly under criticism, to breed ghastly wrongs to individuals. The peculiar sur roundings of one recent case invite attention,' especially in view of the fact that the facts of the case have been mysteriously suppressed in the daily press. We refer t;o the case of Bar rister J. B. Gregory, Registrar of Friendly Societies, lecturer on Real Property in the University, and the soundest and most learned authority on real property law in Australia. (A worker's paper may be excused for taking more than an ordinary interest in his case, when it is remembered that his first incarcera tion in the asylum was probably directly caused by his brooding over the failure of the Tram way Strike). He has now been twice com mitted to, the asylum, and he contends with remarkable lucidity that there was no occasion to send him there on the second occasion, at any rate. The reasons assigned for commit ting him are principally assertions bv his wife that she fears injury, and that he has delusions about burglars. We can hardly go into the « facts now, but would call attention to several of the surrounding circumstances of the case. His wife is the sister of Under- Secretary Topp, the head of the department controlling the asylums. Gregory asserts that this fact some what negatives the value of the official medical evidence in his case. He has had to prepare the legal documents necessary to bring his case before the courts without access to books. Letters which he has sent to good friends have been pigeon- holed by a callous Lunacy De partment. His arguments when brought on habeas corpus before' the courts have certainly been remarkable for their plausibility, if he is not of sound mind. His memory, is simply marvellous. Being a man of retiring habits, and of a serious philosophical disposition, his inability to take part in the flat wit and unin teresting games of casual minstrel and amateur sporting visitors to the asylum is put down by the authorities as a symptom of melancholia. His wife's relatives are of high ' social' posi tions, and the press suppress all mention of the case. From these circumstances and others alluded to in recent ' Bulletin' para graphs on the subject/we think a case is made out for at least a searching question in Parlia ment on the matter, Even if the facts against ? him are as alleged, the surroundings and con ditions of life in the average lunatic asylum are sufficient to change a passing aberration in a man of J. B. Gregory's peculiarly contem plative and serious temperament into an in curable lunatic. Surely there are some of his many old' pupils at the bar with gratitude enough left to take up his cause, even at the risk of offending other legal- luminaries and sundry ' society' folk. I do liot envy the listless aristocracy With their millions , they live in a world whf re everything is artificial, including thomselyes.— B. V. Debs. 