THE CONFESSIONAL. SERIOUS SCHISMS IN THE CHURCH. VIEWS OF DR. KENNION, DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, AND OTHERS. SOME KENSIT CAROLS. LONDON, March 10. — Tho optimistic assurances of the Archbishop of Sydney that Ritualists will never make much headway in the Australian colo- 1 nics seem to have greatly comforted tho organs (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) of the Evangelical party, who wore really afraid that "the terrible canker of tho English Church Union" might bavo "uuderminod the Establish ment abroad, as it has— alas! — at home." Clergymen of every variety aro now hard at It wrangling, with the spiteful vituperation which a religious quarrel seems invariably to be get, over tho confessional. Now, confession, especially secret confession, Is naturally repug nant. to all rnhnst Prnlnstants. At tho samo time we most of us know cases where it has ef fected astonishing results. Tho late liisbop Wilberforce used to say that private confession was a very useful medicine, but a vory dangerous food. In other words, he deprecated its constant use, while approving of it increases where it might rouse people to a sense of thoir danger. Dr. Ivcnniou (who is understood to be tho anonymous Bishop examined in Monday's "Daily j News") oxprevsses himself similarly. He says:— | "Just as the wrong people aro teetotalers, so j many of the wrong people go to habitual confes- sion. Pious, godly women are led by unwise priests to constant use of a remedy which would often be of immense advantage to their hus bands or sons committing a breach of the Seventh Commandment." "Out," his Lordship went on, after enlarging on this point, "what I want to acccntuato is that when people talk of the evils of private confes sion, that is not what they mean. Every reli gious body in some form or other more or less practises confession. What people really dislike Is absolution. It is as well that this matter should bo faced. The bishop in ordaining priests —what a pity, by the way. It is that so few of the laity are present at ordinations— says to each ono of them, 'Receive the Holy Ghost for tho office and work of a priest in the Church, of God now committed uuto thee by the imposition of our hands; whose sins thou dost forgive they aro forgiven, and whoso sins thou dost retain they are retained.' " Absolution, in. short, is part of an English priest's vocation, and however much bishops may object to seo it misused, they cannot stop it. Neither can they nor anybody (according to this anonymous prelate) crush tho confessional He says:— "It cannot be loo soon clearly understood that whilo ritual may bo regulated by law, it is impossible to prevent the hearing of con fessions, and tho granting of absolution, bo long as penitents desiro it. Suppose an Act of Parliament passed — of courso, without an alteration of tho Prayer Book it would bo impossible — making it a penal offence for a beneficed or licensed clergyman to hear confessious, what would happen? Thero would b< a number of unattached and unpaid clergy, who would act as confessors, and no ono could complain. I know that tho recent agita tion, so far from checking -private confession, has considerably increased its use. As one, there fore, keenly alivo to the great dangers, personal, domestic, national, and ecclesiastical, of its ex aggerated use, I seo with the deepest regret that extroino Protestants aro by their violent opposi tion to its legitimate use. greatly increasing the evil, and preventing tho only method of keeping it within due bounds, viz., the paternal advice and personal influence of tho bishops." His lordship Illustrates tho effect of opposition on tho sacerdotal extremist with the following 6tory: — "A bishop spent two days not long ago at a country vicarage, Imploring a very excellent clergyman, who received many confessions, not to disturb the minds of his rural parishioners by constantly preaching on the matter. Ho succeed ed, as ho thought. Tho clergyman drove him to the station, bought 'The Times,' went home, and wrote to him that after reading one of Sir "Wil- liam riurcoui l £> IcllCIa, 110 iuuoii nituumii u|- submission, as lie tbouglit his diocesan was act ing Irom external pressure." WHAT DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY THINKS. As tho views of Mr. David Christie Murray are, I understand, valued lu Australia, you may lilco to knew what lino he Is takiug in the con fessional controversy. Well, first of all, Mr. Murray holds, as I imagine most sensible persons do, that the obvious courso for the upholders of secret confession and other extreme High Church practices is to quit tho establishment. "Tho one plain ' way, which everybody sees except tho Ritualists themselves, would be tor those who approvo of a practico which Is not permitted by the laws of tho institution to which they belong, to retire from that institution. They are wholly wolcomo to a community of their own, aud to such practices and beliefs as are imposed upon them by conscience. But they are not wel- como in tholr present place, and, if they could hut see it, they aro doing their best to bring about their own cars tbo edfleo which now shelters them." Quito so; that Is commonsense. But tho in terest of Mr. Murray's striking article in Sat urday's "Morning", lay in his contention that for confession to be desirable or oven possible you must havo a celibate clergy. Mbst Protes tants arguo from an exactly opposito standpoint, avowing that (man being mortal) a colihato clergy largely increases tho risks of confession. Mr. Christie Murray, however, puts the matter as fol lows; — '"Tlio Catholic priest Is a celibnto, and by tho training no less than by tlio precept of his lifo is remoto from sexual influences. The splendid self- abnegation which enables the Roman Catho lic priesthood to maintain its sacred vows is ono of the loftier facts of lifo which cannot he denied, nnd any breach of tho convention Into which the priest has entered is so rare as to excite amaze ment. But 011 tlie side of tho English cleric thero Is no such convention, there is no under standing when a young man is ordained as deacon that ho shall for ever forego tho hopes of pater nity and tlie joys of. the family life. To him the companionship and entire ownership of a woman is a couipletoly lawful object of desiro. Marri age is legitimately within his view. And this being so lie cannot conceivably be a lit reposi tory for the entire confidences ot young and ardent women. Whether It Is. under any circumstances, a becoming thing for a woman to lay her whole eotil bare to tho eyes of a man may be left, if you please, an open question. The Romish Church, in condemning its officers to a perfect asceticism in that one respect, In robbing them of their 'right to tho joys of fatherhood and home, may bav© bceu guilty of a giant blunder, but at least it bas dono something to explain Its attitude towards auricular confession, and to justify Its existence. Thero is no such justlflca- Hon conceivable in tlio case of a nen-cellbato | cleric. Tho fact that scandal ot an open sort has never attached itself to any member of tho Ritualistic body in the Church of England makes little difference to tho other fact, that tho act of feminine confession to a lion-celibate is, in itself, a scandal, a thing nnked In its own im modesty, . and repugnant to the feeling of all right-minded pecple. There Is no attack mado hero upon tho morals or tlio intention of tho Ritualistic clergy, the great majority of whom a 10 without doubt, men of saintly and self-deny ing' lives. But tho least cotieessiou that any man can make to mere decency is that before he re ceives on© female penitent he should havo mado an unbreakable and irrevocable vow to celibacy. It lias boon tbe unsexlng of the Romish priest, and that alone, which bas made tho confessional a tolerable thing In Catholic countries throughout tbe long centuries in which It has boon prac tised." KENSIT CARLOS— SHOCKING SCENES AT YARMOUTH. If tho High Church contingent seem to bavo entirely mislaid their consciences in the course of this lamentable schism, tbe Low ChuicU ex tremists aro not much better. At Yarmouth tho other evening the High I Church Vicar of Corleston was so furious at what ho heard at a Konsit gathering that (in tho words of a witness at a subsequent public police court proceedings) ho "jumped from his chair on the platform like a hungry tiger wanting his dinner, and went for tho chairman, knocking liim down." The police then intervened. Tho Rev. Cecil Quointain, a Low Church curate, said he had seen the vicar previous to the meeting, and he told him that ho (the vicar) had made all pre paration for Kenslt's visit to Corleston, and If he camo his mother would not know him when ho returned. Tlio chief constable said that he sup pressed tho meeting, and ordered tho vicar out of the building, telling hiin that his conduct was disgraceful, and that ho ought to be ashamed of himself. Tho defendant, in his ovidenco, admitted inter rupting tho meeting, and said his intention was to move a counter resolution. Ho was struck on mounting the platform, and he hit back in self-defence. The magistrate inflicted a fino of 40s, and costs, with the alternative of a month's imprisonment. Tho vicar said, "I will tako tho time. It is a gross miscarriage of justico. I struck out in self-de fence." Tho fine, however, was paid by a friend. That tho provocation offered by the Kensltltcs is considerable will bo gathered from the fol lowing oxtracts from "Battle Hymn of Kenslt's Men." The first verso of tho hymn and the chorus is as follows:— The Church is In a hawful state, With Rfcherlists and such; The Pope 'e won't 'ave long to wait For most of 'em— not much! So Mister Kcnsit's took the 'uinp (And rightly too, says I), And when V goes upon the stump You'll see the feathers fly. Then pack your traps and clear the way; depart, begone, get hout! And make no noise, or Kensit's boys 'U show you '00 can shout. No .more of yer 'ankypanky, now, no more of yec Romish rot, For Johhny K. is on the way to bust the blooming lot. The exploit of sotno'of the "Kensit Boys" in a church Is thus described:— "Sit down," says 'e. "I won't," says I. "Then, verger, turn 'im out!" With that I lots a Bible fly, And lands 'im on the snout. To stop Ms' Richcrllstic row, I knocked Mm orf Ms perch; And, there and then, we taught Mm 'ow To desecrate a church. Then pack your traps, etc. My friends all stuck, to. me like bricks, The 'ymn books flew like 'ail; With one of them big candlesticks I smashed the halter rail. Tlie idolaters set up a squall, But soon they got the toe; We made a 'olesomc Gospel 'all Of that galanty show. So pack your traps, etc. 