REGENT PUBLICATIONS. ^^-— HE. Australian Technical HHB Journal,' August 31, has iyH . for frontispiece a view of S^v Como Bridge from the ~»y Sydney side, and . the \- \ usual good and varied assortment of articles on matters of technical in struction. We have received from Mr. Thomas Burleigh, of 17 Cecil Court, Charing Cross-road, W.C., Lon don, an intimation that 'Dot and the Kanearoo,' by' the late Miss E. C. Pedley, will shortly ba published. This story has been illustrated by F. P. Mahony] and, as we have had the pleasure of seeing the original wash drawings, we can /cer tainly ^predict a' great- success for the book. . The; story, .as outlined by the illustrations, has every promise of being quaint, fresh, and divert- . ing, and to Australian, children should prove fas cinating' in thel«xtreme. : ' We cannot ^recommend 'The Victim' for the perusal cf 'the' young person.' It is translated from the Italian of- Gabrielle- D'Annunzio by Geor gina Harding, and if Georgina Harding . had let it remain in the original Italian, English litera ture would not have lost much. An Italian gen-1 tdeman, given to gallantry and notoriously un- ? faithful to a devoted wife, is suddenly startled by discovering -that his wife has come to the con clusicn that two can play at the game, and that the child she is about -to bear is certainly not his. This child is the victim, for he manages to com pass its death. One has to admit that this mor bidly prurient story is told in striking and grace ful language, and that is all that can be said for it. . ? ? - - \- Collins Brothers and Company, educational publishers, 13 York-street, Sydney, send us 'The Patriotic History of the British Empire.' The book is well printed and illustrated, and brings the history of the Empire up to modern times. 'Chronicles of Teddy's- Village' comes to us from E. Cole's. Bopkland.. . It is a collection ol magazine sketches iy Mrs. Murray Hick^on, writ ten with a certain grace and quiet sense of humor, which is as refreshing -ks it ft tare., Mrs; Sandy nian and Mrs. Cowlishaw are two admirably deli neated characters, and perhaps one of the best stories is the one telling of the latter lady's down fall. Ward; ioek- and Company are the pub lishers. ? ' . ? 'Australian Sketches,' by Harry Furniss \--Ward, Lock, and f Company), has been sent to us by E.,'Cole. It is not a work of great hilarity, and Mr.- Furniss's illustrations failed to catch the spirit of the scenes depicted. The caricature of Dalley's statute in Hyde Park is about the best. Mr. Furniss seems .also laboring under the im pression that the Hyde Park loafers are known as 'sun-downers/* 'The Mandarin,' by Carlton Dawe, is an addi tion to the! Sydney Book Club (Hutchinsoa, and Company)! It is a narrative of stirring adven ture in China which hinges upon the attempts of an evil -disposed Mandarin to get the daughter of an old- missionary into his power. He is finally checkmated by the efforts of a young relative of the missionary's, aided by a faithful Chinese henchman.. The author' knows China, thoroughly, and. bis .descriptions are vivid, lifelike, and full of color,- but the adventures are at times rather im probable. Take the final attempts to murder the hero on the river steamer en route to Hongkong. The 'Annual : Review,' published as a supple ment to the 'Daily Commercial News and Ship ping List' -by the Commercial Publishing Co., is this year , a veritable work of art The many views of ships, steamers, wharves, collieries, etc., are beautifully and artistically .reproduced. The paper, printing, and general get up &fe; unexcep tionable!- '' -'?:;-?-; :- .ir. .-_? 'Adrian Rome' comes to ius-^pm George jEtob' ertson and, Company. iThere js not- .much, .of a' plost in the story, dealing, as it r^loes SwitiijaTrpman tic -youiig man and a village- maiden; : They- grow up,. together,, and finally. Adrian -Rome --ieeomtSe .fe--; inbus.:; Hen had written;a. -play; - and a.-' theatrical' mahagecjneard of it ? Supposedly the annual -crop bl new plays' had failed, for the managed chases Adrain to get this play— ra common custom among theatrical managers— ind when it is producfefl- 'the author -is famous. .'The ^village maiden- taies to the - stage,' and, after, the ' manner' of- pillage -maids, becomes rat once a. taienteS 'actress. ''*,sf3SteEe-vaj^ complications,, however; Jand -Adrian and :stie agree: to^fly in ;his yacht to sunny islipxes.,. ' She' is .late.'M hei ? appointment, and Adrian thinks' ehe .has re pented, lie starts, but the skipper falls overboard, and Adrian is drowned in trying tot reBeu4 him. When;the,yiljage maiden at last comes,' the griz jzled .longshore -men tell 'of his: death, amidst a rain of ;tear6. This book took two authors to write It;' and their united knowledge or human nature, ; and the probabilities of life in general, seem to be mcceptio&aUy; «maU lot a novelist'* equipment. ; ' ' - - . s - 'v ? ' ? Methuen and Company are the publishers; Arthur | Moore and Ernest Dowson the authors. The 'Windsor Magazine' for August (Ward and ' Loch), forwarded from Cole's Bcokland is a satis factory number. 'Nestie,' the third of the series of a Scotch Grammar School, by lap. M'Laren is very good, and not without something of a Kip ling ring -about it. By the way, we had a lite rary friend, a Scot, who was once our literary chief on a paper, and he loathed the. word 'Scotch' as an adjective, contending that the righit word was Scottish. Well, Ian M'Laren, who ought to know, differs from Ihirn, weiare jglad to say.. 'Jean of the Sword,' Cockett'6 latest cpntibution to the, Kailyard school of fiction/ .is continued. Good stories are 'Germaine and her' Ghost,' and 'A letter in Brown.' So much can hardly be writ ten of 'The Metamorphosis of- Corpus Delicte,' which is a long way off- Mark' Twain, and, further still, from Bret Harte. Among the best articles in the number is 'The Making of an. Amnor Plate.' Cole's .Bookland sends- us cheap and very clear and good reprints of Bunyan's 'Holy War,' and 'The Heavenly Footman.' Many there be who have read 'The Pilgrim's Progress' and know no thing of 'The Siege of Mansoul.' If only for its simplicity of style and its effect in correcting in the tnind cf.a reader any tendency to writing w*hat is known as 'fine English,' each book writ ten by Bunyan should be read by these who pre tend to admire that which is best written. The Sydney Book Club forwards a fairly old fa vorite in John Hollingshead's 'Gaiety Chronicle ' which incidentally tells of many fdotlight favor ites, some of whom Australia knows, and of the successful initiation of the latter day system of theatrical management,, wihich is so1 much to the advantage, of -theatregoers. 'Ten Tears with the Palette, Shot-gun, and Rifle' has been forwarded to us b- the author, Sid. R. Bellingham, and is an interesting and chatty narrative of his many wanderings amongst the Blue Mountains, besides being a guide to the shooting and fishing to be obtained there,- Mr. Bellingham's little book forms very pleasant read ing, and his knowledge of the Blue Mountains is evidently very extensive. 