POINTS.-f ' The Christmas number of the Witt, illus trated, willbcreadyonDccembor 15. Agents and others plcaso order early'. Tho best weekly paper in Queensland. Sond it to vour friends. Ulustrated, price only 3d. Another Gone. Tho Premier of South Australia, Mr. Kingston, is now about to follow in tho footsteps of Now South Wales, Tasmania, and Queensland Premiers. His Government wero defeated last night, and ho will hnvo to mako wuy l'or perhaps a bettor man after seven years of office. Only one more of the Federation Premiers to go, and he is Georgo Tumor, of Victoria; his turn is not far off. When his turn comes, perhaps they will convene a consolation mooting of ex-Premiers. Sandoate Sea Wall. Unless the, rate payers intend letting ainatour engineers fritter their money away over a useless sea wall, They had hotter take stops to stop proceed ing any further with tho ill-advised scheme, By demanding a vote of tho ratepayers.' Two editions of tho Telegraph as usual will be issued to-morrow, St. Andrew's Hay. Tns supporters of tho Dickson Government are said to ha prepared to sacrifieo their leader, and to support an Administration under Mr. Phiip in tho event of . Mr. Dawson's failure to get together a team- It is believed that Messrs; Dickson, Dal- rymple, Foxton, and Murray aro to be jettisonod to lighten tho ship. Rraioua also has it that Messrs. Drake, .Groom, Stephenson, and Anncar havo been offered portfolios in the Ministry to bo formed by Mr.Philp. ' It is not long since Mr. Story, M.L.A., mado a protest in Parliament against tho em ployment of camels driven by Afghans in the Cnnnamulia district. It . therefore seemed somewhat strange yesterday to see tho member for Balonne piloting a party of turbaued Afghans along George stTeot and Alice street. "Geay Ghost op Landswaene." See Christmas number of tlio Wed;. Order early ; prico 3d. illustrated. Goveiuijient billets in Victoria are very much in request at tho present time. The other day about 1,000 applications wore received for possible vacancies in certain branches of tlio civil service, and now an equal number bus been received for . positions in the mounted police. Killahney Estate is reported to havo been sold once more. Wonder if tho report is accurate this time ? So many reports have hoen made of tho purchase of this beautiful Irish estate by British nobles, or American millionaires, or syndicates, that tho real trutliof the purchase when it comes ont is hard to holieyc. Tue latest purchaser is snid to he Lord Arililiiun. But wo must wait a fow.days to hear confirmation of this. The lakes would soon lose thoir place in history if their scenery changed as often as they have been stated to havo changed hands within the last few years. Sojie of tlio purchasers have boon stated to be American millionaires, mid it is somewhat surprising that it should provo that noiio of them had attempted to turn tho lakes to account. Singulauly vague is tho news concerning tho disposition of tho Boer forces at the pre sent time. There most bo a large nnmher of them in small scattered bodies, or wo should not ho eontinnaliv hearing of skirmishes iu unlikely places. No doubt there will ho a great deal more fighting, and the big battles of tbo war have yet to lis fought, hut tho Boor will not meet tho British with his old confidence and self- reliauco. The British forces have now been so nicoly disposed that they are alilo to closo in on all sides, and it is almost certain that in less than a month the Orange Frco State will ho no longer a buffer to, tho Transvaal. Amidst so many proofs of disloyalty on the part of tho Cape Dutoh, it is pleasant to find .that somo are loyal onough to organise them selves against the invasion of the Boors. The relief of Mofeking must ho now a serious matter. t Fbactioally the only force which can re lieve tlio garrison in any reasonable time is Colonel Flumer's forco from Rhodesia. This was reported on the march threo weeks . ago, but nothing further has been learnt since. St. Andrew's Day, to-morrow. Two editions of the Telegraph as usual. Agents pleaso note. 400 Columns for 3d.. If you want to get tlio best value for your money, bo sure nud secure a Christmas numbor of tho Wed; ; 80 pages for 3d. It will bo ready December 15\. Don't forget. It will ho illustrated. After much procrastination tho curtain has been rung down on tho taking of ovidenco by tho municipal inquiry. Aldermen are to havo the benefit of five weeks' freedom from tho business boforo they deliberate and muke up their report, which of course will ho indopendent of tho special audit. " The evidence of their last witness caused a good deal of amusement, his recommenda tions of retrenchment being very drastic and sweeping. How the council were to carry on with tlio dismissal of such officials wus not clearly explained, and the public will puzzle over the fact. It is announced that individuals comfort ably seated in tho Polaco Theatre, Loudon, will bo enabled to witness some of tho most stirring scenes of tlio South African war. At least ono cinematograph company 1ms sent out a representative, and possibly cithers havo done likewise. By means of the "moving " photographs a complete record of tho doings in tho compaigu will ho scoured. Assureply in this age tha most serious affairs of life are seized as opportunities of advertisement nndxirofit. Jcsr imagine anyone on the hill of Scnlao taking a photo of tho outtlo of Hastings, to he exhibited for the public amusement. But no, it is best not to rob history of its interest by such a prosaic picture. Not a very promising prospect for tlio British in South Africa it victory hod attended tlio burghers. But October 31 camo and went, and now a month later .the Boers aro looking to their own frontier. There are no threats from England, how- over, of making them washerwomen. Victoria is again showing itsolf very strong in tlio oricket field, especially in hatting. Il' this form is kept up, tho Victorian crioketors will repeat their performance of lust yoar by securing tho interstate champion ship. The Now South Wales toam is also strong this year, and it will ho interesting to watch its strugglo with Victoria. Giffen is doing fino work for South Aus tralia, hut noither Darling, Hill, nor Jones wero much in evidence' in tho present match with Victoria. Queensland batting has not, apparently, increased much in strength. Still our play, especially ia getting such a strong batting sido ont for under 400, was not discreditable. Better lack next time. The Christmas number of the Week, illus trated, will ho reudyon December 15. Agents and others plcaso order early. Tho best weekly paper in Queensland. Sond it to your friends. Illustrated, price only 3d. 