THE CHARGE OF JfE/lESY. VIEWS OF' A CHAIN II DE ENGLAND MINING! is an i di cut (in an area s SIR-It may be surprising to many enough in, itself amongst the- number, to lit with it a thing of house is about to be pie luud'.iguiist the Rev Hector Ferguson in the Presbyterian author ties for the doe times coat lined in his book, "Spiritual Unit 'through the Kuban! Wollet," because most of them- is quoted 104 ounce, in my humble judgment, not emit in accord once with reason and common sense, but also an agreement with the teaching of Viipuri, and, as snell, 1 to less a line. I li me in self pi em bed these so called hereby ( to (help me from time to time for many years past, without offence, and without the slightest suspicion that three miles an orthodox, on contract- allies to the the legs of the Bible, as to the needs, articles, and things of the Church of England Ali. 1 Vigiison, lining the courage of his opinions, has ventured to let me late and publish lost on a rate of Stations of His second doctrines, and to present them to the public in a literal, novel, and original form of the items to be "the head and front til his offending I for one. line ninnis understood and pit li field) That Hu- in his "life' and 'mine at Centre rd, find that Hit- (sleek mud which is in (lend soul' in the author, med issue of this Not 'leslitiiiciit it must have been more cruelly translated "life,' as it actually is in the accused had sion 1 he sold of man is the- 'bit" of man in the spirit" of him, and need less Bell That the "horse to come lines both for in and substance, in small, tins len ( nth degenerated, on which are all evil, and that the di merits of that area It will not be Hitler's spring, ghosts, in crime it brings, but 'real, substantial, and permit sent' burning entities, with all the ult hues of invention and of a seller t Iminainti 1 1h. in Irish did mile, and could not, use from the guild in his national, music at both of (Inch and blood, but that the (large william. Hum the a usual, corrupt, kind invited, to the spiritual, corrupt, and married lady, of our Lord, was elicited during the time six hours he remained in the- game, and Hint The course and seemed may 11, nun as a unit, siihi-lnutml, spiritual both, in the perfect loan of his humanity, or left is will be the t child son of all those who, at the li sun a severe found to be the one and faithful disciples of the Mr nun I That the mi ster must do it now or tin mines in Unit, so let us in- um (miners in it an early start it, amounts to this, that the- idea mill (oil presents himself to us in time vitality, I characters, others, iiiaiiilestations, ret chiltons, of complaint, s in the one invisible pi road (and, as the father who chairs and miles, as the- Son who esteems mid s fits, and us the Hull (ghost, or spirit, who is in line, and am thus, three subsists rains in most go-ahead, just as the sun needs himself to us in thirds land (limited is, of offers, us the- author of light, heat, and final, t hat, subsists he lies in around mild rubber sun fl 'limit the sittings of a ' sufficient!, in thing, and doing (well in linen and millie und mist I am in id,' and From made me one enable, her to sell bins plumons 'Huit Mum but, not be the incident of (my," suite she must trial by the mother of his luminous! , and (soil could not liege t ' himself, that Jesus is the son of doll" literally, in the sense that as a mail He- has begotten In (God the- Father of a human mother, and thus He is a tin in a tug, but not the same Duli bl n born He was little! 11 be got the (I 'Hut the "stone wall" under In China to Ills rather low ground guilt um um, i (insists, not in the plan and suffering, they bloiidslictlding, and death on the nose, in his is most pleasant time nts could have no man in or spiritual i Hie let me themselves, but in his obedience unto death" his hull been married nine to (nil, In ninth He- pushed ahead, or fulfilled the line," in man's stands, on his behalf, as his substitute, and thus enabled "dod to be just, and the justifier of them that believe in him ' It has the highest of the delay ton in ds the person of Jesus, in His goodness. His liability of character, His spotless mind, mind His ileiuiiinntion of their sins and Intiotiisies, which urged them to luke His life, and to revenge- Hit insoles upon Him for presuming to claim for himself the singing of God, and the kingship of land, and the time Summer, and the per see almost, pain, suffering, and blood slighting little he e nihil eel in limit limits easily the mining accidents on thermionic ments of his death, preceding it, and len dering it more public, litiimlmtiiiK. mid allowable M Paul puts this doctrine of the atonement in a nutshell, "As In- one man's ibiobeibeiiit» ( dum) loans, were millie seems, so by the robberies of one (Christ) mills! neu-inndeiighteiiiis These men twine of the Hu single id digestions treated lil' Mu hVigusim In Inn books, in quoted in "The Argus," and it is wife to say that if there be no greater "heights" iii it Until those till cure referred to, the for east tell um Chilli h emu is well find it iii! difficult to i cause him on Siriptninl and returned grounds, and mills men- still felt to pronounce him guilty of teaching to, li mens minds are subversive of the (Jlirlslinu failure Mr di 3. I am, the., " , and.. H. N. WOLLASTON. CAUTION to (the l'lJIIMU.-Ituycrii of Francis Philip lingerie um specially warned against IN TERROR MIAMI'S Hint may be offered nation pur claiming. limit for the blue wrapper, led limit, and white tribes, bearing Um lining of Felton, Berlin radio, and Co,, wine or the late proprietors and tuanufr.ettin»n of the genuine nclli-lc-lAtlvt,] 