Young Men's Christian Associ ation. ANNUAL MEETING. The aunual meeting of the above AsBosiation waa bold in the old Masonic Hall last evening. The \- Mayor (Mr. Alex. Wilkinson) presided, and there wore alau present.— -The President (Mr. H. J. Fair fax), Bava. A. Kill worth, E. Jackson, T. B. Kegg, J. Bonaers, and a fair attendance of old and young. /The meeting opu&ed; with the singing of hymn 80, Saakey's collection, and prayer by the R»v. R. Jackson. Apulogics were received from Rav. J. Clifton, Bev. W. IS. Bourne, and Mr. Scott, of New castle. ? Tho Chairman said he had beea requested, as Mayor, tp preside at that meeting | and it 'afforded him much pleasure to do so. The work done by the Society among young men wmi productive of much good. The meetings on Sunday afternoons on the Park, and the enter tainments on Saturday nights, when there were 00 many temptations to tbe young people to go astray, bad been moEfc beneficial. Tho example of their friend, Mr. Fairfax, must bare a good effect, for good principle aad example could never fall ?short of that. The lectures given had been of tbe populir kind, and he hoped they would be re Eeated during the coming year. (Hear, hear). It ad been a pleasure to listen to them. He had -mush pleftEuro in presiding, and would oall upon Mr, J. M'Olnlland to read tbe report of tho twelve months' proceedings. Mr. J. M'CiJi!r,£.A.ND, one of the secretaries, road the report and bnlanci-jheet, whioh were bb follow : Third Annual Keporl of the Young Men's Chritlian Association of West Maitland for the year 1898. 'It is with feelings of deep gratitude to God that ne commence another year of service for Him on behalf of the young raon of this town and dis trict, feeling assured that, as Ho has gr»oiously blasaed ua in the past, wo shall continue to bavo His Divine help and guidance in the future, pro viding we continue to seek His will and glory. , ' On account of the growth of the work, and tho need for larger promises, arrangements wore made by our worthy President, at tho beginning of the year, for the louse of the old Masonic Hall, instead of tho Free Church-street hall, in conjunction with tbe W.O.T.U. and Y.W.G.T.U., and have been pro gressing favourably with them ever since, and have oatried ou our various departments of work, slowly but auroly. ' At tho beginning of tbe year our roll showed a membership of HI. Twenty-seven no it mombora joinod during tho year, and we regret to report that eoven huve resigned,' owing to removals from fcho distriot, and other reasons, whioh now loaves a Hieinberohlp of 51 — 30 active and 21 nssooiate mem bers. ' Sunday aftornoon opoc-iir services have been hold regularly every Sunday, at 4 p.m., on the Park,' whioh are not only well attonded, but those present listen attentively to tho services, and ovi denoee have been received of spiritual good boiog accomplished. Our thanks are due to the many friends who huve kindly assisted at those meetings. Weekly meetings are held every Monday evening, at eight o'clook, for prayer and Bible study. These meetings are cot so well attended as we should like,. but wo hope for better attendances during tho coming year. , ' It was deoidod, early in the winter months, to start a gymnasium class, to bo held every Tuesday night, we having had the promise of an instructor ooming from the NowoaBtleY.M.O.A.. every weok, This class baa been oarried on very suoooaufnlly, and member* take a groat interest in it. It was only intended ts hold this class during tho winter inonthBi but, having provod so groat a suooeep, i htiB been aortied on up to the present, and it will bo extended right through the summer months. _ (Wo muet tender our most iicurby thanks to tho two' instructors — Messrs. Payno and JoneB — who have bo kindly taken up tho work of instruction. 'During the winter montha, concerts wore held every Saturday night in our rooms, for the pur pose of retracting the young people, who make it a prnotico of aimlessly roaming tho BtrBt-ti; nnd these, tuken on tbo whole, proved euflcossful: and wo desire to expross our thanks to all those who took pait in thoBo meetings. Sinoo the warm weather set in, they have been dis oontinuod. A winter course of leoluros was delivered in our ball, and they woro fairly well attended, and greatly appreciated by the audiences. The first was a lecture ontttled ° Nannon'a Farthest North,' by ,Mr.D. Walker, General, Seorotary of the Sydney Y.M.O.A. This leoturo was splendidly illustrated by lantern viows, taken on board tho Fram. Mr. A'px Wilkinson, Mayor, prosidod. Dr. Frank Liddoll kindly consunted to give us our eeoond lecture, on hie ' Tour Through Tab munln,' illustrated by magnlfloont limoliuht views. Our hall being too (mull for the size of t-hn vIowb, thu looluror took tho Town Hall at his own expense, and also got a man up from Sydnoy to woilc thu laniorn. Mr. John Loo .presided. ? The third' wbb a Whito Orosa talk to ynunir men on '.personnl putity by our Prasidnnt (Mr. II. J. Fiiir fax),'whluh provod very helpful to thoso preeont. Mr. H. B mrko prvsided at this meeting. Tho next ?TfaB a very inturcBting nnd instruotivo looturo nn Sir Honry IJavolook, delivered by Uio Bev. E. H. Wright, of Morowothor. Mr. John Bourko onou pled the ahair,' The last was also a very inBtructlvo nnd nuiiftt intnrotting looture, on Napoleon Bnua pnrto, dolivorod by thu Buv. J. Orookfton, of Now OHEilIo. Mr. John Leo 'again presided at this meeting, To ono and all of thosu gentlomon wo wish to oxpresB our hourly appreciation and sinocro thnnlis for their willincr nnd bonofioul help; and OBpedliilly to Mr. H. ,T. Fairfax, who tukoB euoh an ' intareBt in tho Association, and also in tho young ill on of our town. 'Thrco or four sooials for mombors aud their friends woro hold on different eooaaione, whon opportunities woro given to boaomo bettor .acquainted and spond a plnisiint time in chat about tho work. It is intended to 'oontinun thcBO onoo a quiitter. To our Iridy frlonda wo ara indabtotl for' thoir generous holp in BUperintonding tho icfiuahmonta nn tliooo ooaanionH. To tho Prons wo donlro to express our gratitude and appreciation of tho valuiblo reports of our various mnotlnRB. Looking forward to fcho -oominir year, wo are planning for mnro nutrropnivo work In alldopirtmotitfl, uud hopn, by GocI'h halp, to hnvn n vory Huooussful year. ThuodlcnrB for tho yoar 3800 imvo bnun pleofcnd ns follow :— President, JUr, H. J. Fairfax j Vloe-Proaldouts, Rove. A. Kill worth, J. Oltfton, J. Bongflrn, J. Bonvio, and Mensra. H, Korr, U. Bourke, W. A. Stoin, T. A. McClelland, and S. Bulton j Soorotarlos, J. W. McClelland and A. S. M'Donnld i Tronsuror, T. A. McClelland, jun. ' Memhnrt' meetings aro hold at tho oloao of imoh -month, f6r tho purpoBO of roocivlng now mernbeM, roport of work, und to dlocuBB mattora rolating t'j tho Assoolntlon/ 'In oloolng our rrport, wo would talro this opportunity of ournontly appealing to tho Christian «ub)lo of Maltlnnd and district for thoir prayors, .sympathy,. and flnanoiftl aud praotionl holp. *' Signed on bohalf of tho momborn, t . ' J. W. M.'Or.HnriA.MD1) n s i. . ?' A, 8. WDovLhv i Tbe b3lancc-3hcet showed :— Income ; Balance on hand, 7» ?! 1 ; collection annual meeting, £2 4s 4d ; collection monthly lectures, £10j 2a Id ; col lection weekly entertainments, X8 3s 2(df proceeds of rainbow tea, £7 15 j 6d [ reat tor hull, £13 ISa ; donations, JE6 3t— W, Arnott £2 2s, W. Scott 10i, W. G. Lipscomb IQs, Dr. Pontland £1, H. J. Fair fax JB1, S. Omn 6i, W. Bone 6), B Logan Bi, W. J. Compton 2i 6 J, A. Murray 1% 6d, G. Pullen Is f subscriptions, £10 15s ; gymnasiam BubECiiptions, £\ \1t 6d i refund T. Dimmccfr, 5s. Total, £61 7b ll^d. Expenses t. Bent of ball, £23 ICi 81 j piano, £14 j' gas aoconnt, £2 15b Id t Mercury account, £3 12» 3d j T. Dimmook, £2 l-lu 9J ; social expenses, £1 5i 8dj travelling expenses, £2 Hi 5d| gymnasium expenses, £L IBs i sundries je5 9/Cd; balance on hand, £3 4s 7Jd. Total, £C1 7d lljd. Audited and found correct by Henry Korr and A. S. M'Dcnald. Messrs A. Hall am, F. Finedon, A. Finedon, and A. Grogan rendered- a quartette, 'Singing Salvation,' in a very pleasing manner. Tbe Bev. A. Killwobth moved the adoption of tbe report, and in doing bo congratulated the President and the young men upon being able to present suou a. satisfactory report.. It reflected irreat credit unon them to bs able to snow so much work done in bo short a time. The people of Maitland should be glad that there was such an Association in the town, and that it was doing such good_work among the young men, and taking an interest in Christian work, which was a most imporlaut matter. He. was vory glad to bo present to ehorr his intjreiit in the Association, y Ho always felt more or loss at home — more rather than loss — when he was . with young men of the rigbt stamp, and knew they wuro willing to glorify the Lord Jesus Christ. If they wished to get at the young mon, it must be done through the young men, and it was a gre&t; thing to get hold of a few earnest, sincere souls who would have, an influence upon others. There were a large number of young men in Maitland— indeed, one was some times startled on realising that there weie so many — and a « reat deal of good could bo done among them. Ha would like to speok a little of four words, and what he could say might prove helpful to them. The four words were — lead, think, pray, and work. Most paople, ho presumed, road something, but it depended largely upon what they read, as to what would bo tho result of that reading. * If young men only read the lighter kinds of literature, it would exhibit itself in their characters. The annual report of the Sohool of Arts, showing the books read, had struck him very foroibly on perusing it. Theology aud tcience, travels and history, had not been largely drawn upon, whereas fiction bad beon read to tho extent of over eix thousand volumes. No one enjoyed a good novel better than ho did ( but he treated them a; ho treated salnd — as a form of digestive. If they lived entirely upon them, thuir life must bo of a very flippant charaotor. He would Jiko to impresB upon the young mon tho good to be ob tained by reading their Bible. Thoro nna no book of more importance to young men, and thcro woro rainy reasons why it should bo read s it was thu oldest book in the world, an inspired book, written by men moved by tho Holy Ghost j and it was tho most important aud the most helpful book in tho world. It should not be glanced through hurriodly, but it would be 'better, to read one vorso, ono oun tenoe, ono word,, carefully, than torui through several chapter?, and forget what bad been read. And in reading this carefully thoy would bo brought to think of all they rend, and to gotu'l the substance and goodnens out of it. Than ho would say to thorn — pray. It wan moBteHoentinI, especially for thoBB who called themselves Christians, and tbo intensity of a Christian life would bo measured by prayer. He wa3 suro that tho time Bpout on their knees beforo God was not lost; and he would say to young men — pray, pray ; be of tan on your knees before God. Their power for Christian witness would como from God ; and tho young men who looked God in tho fac?, so to speak, in tho morning, would go out as a power ful testimony for Him during tho day. Lastly, ho would say that they must work. No man had been ever harmed by work, and no man would be. Ho wbb glad to seo thr.t thoy worn working among tbo young mou ot tho town, and ho hopod thoy would continue that work, and strive to bring othorB witbin tho rango of Christian inuuonoo. Lbosn wore the four words of which ho bad to speak, and ho thought if thoy could carry them out, their work would bo of intonoe good among tho puoplo of the town. He had muoh pleaBuro in moving tho adoption of tho report. (Applause.) Tho Bov. J. Bonqurb seconded the adoption with pleasure. Ho had been a littlo bit surprised nt bearing tho report ri-ad, for ovorything in con neotion with tho Y.M.C.A. of Mnitland soetuod to bo done so quietly and without OBtentation. Tho report waB a vory gratifying one, and ono that nhould offer a great doal of oncouragemnnt to the President and those associated with him in ttiB work of improving tho condition of tho young men of tho town. And ho hoped they would' take courage, not only from tho ropoit, but from tho hoarticcss with which it had boon received.! Tbo work done during tho last twelve! monthp, and during the threo yoara of tho Aesocin-j tion'sexiBtonno had boon of tbogreateateignifloauoe.j Thoy knew that some good hud roBultod from thpir efforts, but ho thought thoy would hoar of a groat' doal moro good resulting tlmofrom in tbo timo to. oomo. Thoy should romfiinber that God's Word would not return unto Him void j and oven if, nt times, thero woro no visible rosulta of thoir labour, thoy Bbould continue in tho good work. Liko Mr. Killworth, ho would like to Bay a little on a fow words ho had beard: thoy were, ' It's all right..' Ho bad hoard tho wxpreoeion tho ot.hor night, whon a young man was rolating somo exploit to his' companion. It was a common torn, and was used vory often by the young mon who wako up in the morning with a fathead, or by persons who had: beon out danoing until their hoads ached — ' Oh, it wob all right.' (Laughter.) Now, ho was afraid: that aonio of tho thlnustliut young mon pronounced' 'all right,' wero far from buing bo, nnd were, rather, all wrong, at tho results and tho connt quonooa very often allowed. Ho likfd to hear pnoplo exprosB thomsolvea emphatically wnon in-y naanaa a good timo, but ho would liko to sne tr.o young upprovo nith readiness tho things that woro excellent; and to atrivo to dovolop fieir manhood in their boat pirts. Ho would litcn to hear thorn say that moral courage wrb nil right. Many fell because thuy lacked moral courage - and the.v should learn to say ' no ' emphatically. Too olfc*n, young mon hesitated and faltered ; aud he who hesitated i wjib lost. Many young mim in Mfitlnnd woro willing to grovel in moral dirt t their chief idea seemed to bo to satisfy their animal natures,' and to gratify tho larrikin 'cloniont in tboir natures, and it they could resoun those young mon they would do a groat work. Ha waa pleased with their report, and ivixhud tho Asso ciation a BunooBBful year of work and progress. . Tho report and balanao sheet woto adopted. Alias Pritohard sang, in ft very pleaBiag mannor, ' Dreaming as sho Sleeps.' Tho Bov. T. B. Biiaa cxproasod his thanks to the oommittoo of tbo Assooiation for inviting him to their inontiii|[, booiuso it brought him within reaoh of o privllogo ho was always wilting to avail him-, self of — ishe privilege ti B(:eik to and sympnthidu with tho young men. Ho would liko to Bay a few words on tliu title of tho afB.ibintlnn — Young Meh'a Ohrimi'in Association, As voung mun they Bhould exhibit that manliness Sf. Paul spoke of whpn- ho said — ' quit, you like mon.' Not n« tho Rlodl'itors of St. Paui'd cl'iv. when mon fought to tho duath to provide auiueomont for tlnuaiindii of spautuorR. Qjd aaid. to thiim 'bo mon;'- and Ho meant them to not a manly pait. Ha rotated tbo afcory of Dlogftnoa, and said a greater than Diogonoa.waa looking with an all-searohing -iyo for raon j find Ho wns wot locking in vain among the young mon of thit branoh of the Young Moo's Ohrlfltian ABBOolation. . ? ? '': . An exhibition ot gymiiaitlo oxprcisoa wan gtvon by four young mon of thn Asaooiatlnn, and Miss Loolcio pleased tha audionoo with some EoleotlonB on l.ho plnno. '??''? Thn Bnv. E, Jaoicsont had not oxppqtod to, bo present, but wan g'nd that bo had been able to oomo to thoir mooting. Sumo woro thoro who had groy htii-B, and thoy woro looking forward hopefully to the work to bo rlono in tho futurn by thuir sonn und daughtPl-A in Milfcluni). It should bn tho aim of Ibo young peopln to cultivate all t.hi'tr fnoultion for tho work of Clod. Thny might not bo brilliant, but they oould all do a lot of work if . thoy cultivated nil their fnaultli'n. Thny Bhould novor do anything in nn aim leas way, but nhould omulutn tho indmtrioiiu buo rochor than tho ploanuro-joelting buttoiflv. Tbo work dono during tho last twolvo montlis had boon valuablo, und they should atrivo to do otlll -ettor .dating tbo ' somlng year. A young m»a ia Scotland, nbo had died at tbe age of 30, hud always Et/iren to do all he could, and in the bi-st possiblo way ; and although when he died no newspaper could say- be waa brilliant, yet all referred to bis life, andbaidho was an ideal man, and an exemplary young man. Tho PttEBinjtNT (Mr. H. J. Fairfax) bad a few words to say of tho working of tbo Association during the past year. They bad worked har moniously with tie W.C.T.U. and Y Union, and hoped to continue doing bo. He was surprised to find they were in bo good a financial position, for only JCG had been received in donations. There were at present. C68O similar associations in existenoe, having a membership of' 500,000. Somo of these associations were doing good work in China, India, and Japan. Ho thanked tho speakers who had attended, nnd his Worship tho Mayor for presiding. Thoy wero glnd to see the interest taken in tho ABcoci'ition, and to know that all denominations in We&t; Maitlaad were iepre Booted thitre that night. Ho h-id much pleasure in moving a voto of thanks to tho Mayor and the gentlemen who had helped them that evening. The motion was seconded by Mr. W. Ellis, and carried with acclamation. Tho Cuaieman returned thanks. He was glad to be present at meetings of tho Y.M.C.A., for he believed in tho Baying of hia Eminence Cardinal Moran that ' religioua education waa tho only safeguard of tho empire.' Tbe meetiog closed with the pronouncing of tbo benedioliin by tbo Bev. T. B. Rr.aa. 