AH ANGLICAN BISHOP AND A GHOST. I called one winter's day, writes the Bishop of Bnllarat.iu the current: number of the " Fireside," while rector in a. large parish of England, at the residence of a merchant—a new and extensive house, elaborately fitted with gas stoves and brackets and all recent appliances. Upon being shown into the diningrooni, where all the family were assembled, I at once saw that something was wrong. Soon the story was told me. There was a ghost. It was believed a girl had been immured iu. the basement of the next house, which was in the course of construction. •• Of course," I said, " you have communicated with the police ?" " Yes." was the reply, " and a policeman is on duty to try and get at. her. Bnt it is no good." The servants had all given notice, and nobody knew what to do about the ghost. I went down to where the noise seemed to couie from, and, after returning, suggested that I should be allowed to con 1 vol the family domestics and house for half an hour. Permission was granted, I then had a talk with two servants. Afterwards, •with the family, I went down to the cellar while the fearful groans continued. " A vaunt." I cried, in a loud voice, " Abracadabra. I charge thee to abate these wailings." Slowly the noise died a way. *' Aldiborontophoscoplioriuio ! I shouted again. "Chrononiotonthologos ! Now raise thy voice as loud as thou canst raise it." Once more the groans waxed louder and louder, reaching such a climax that my companions turned to 1 lx>lt, but a loud peal at the door bell transfixed them with .sudden terror. Then his lordship explained. The horrible cries were caused by the gas. A small piece of grit had g»t into the pipe, and the gas going over this had created the row, which, as the quantity turned on. < increased, grew in force. The servants bad, at my request, first lowered all the lights, and, when I shouted the second time, turned all on full, producing the distressing noise. The gasfitter soon removed Hie obstruction, and nothing more was heard of the ghosr. In predicting the end of the world all that is necessary to ultimate success is to keep changing the date. Who can tell the value of a smile ? It costs the giver nothing, but is beyond price to the erring and relenting, the sad and cheerless, the lost and forsaken. It disarms malice, subdues temper, turns hatred to love, revenge to kindness, and paves the darkest paths with gems of sunlight. A smile on the brow betrays a kind heart, an affectionate brother, a dutiful son. a. happy husband. It adds a charm to beauty, it decorates the face of the deformed, and makes a lovely woman resemble an angel in Paradise. 