AN INDIAN GHOST STORY. Mr. F. H. Skrine tells a strange story in_ the ('a)cutta 'National Magazine'1 of what happened to him when engaged in census operations in the 'Jungipore'. district or Bengal. He was spending the night as the guest of an indigo manufac turer and his wife, both French. 'I was awakened in the dead oi night,' savs the writer, 'and sat up, trembling with tue terror which conies onfp or Lwii-p in .i lifetime from the approach ot the un known. A child's voice eame from with out. In tones of agony it shrieked — 'Mamma! Ayah!' I sprang through tiie open French window into ihe dower gar den. AJl was still, except the thump of my heart, as 1 listened intently. Jt mu6t have been a jackal, I thought; but hark, again the wail rang out — 'Mamma! Ayah!' This time there was no mistake as to the direction. The sounds came from the indigo vats, an appurtenance of every factory. They are deep masonry cisterns, iu which the green plant is im mersed in order to extract the coloring matter. I ran down the avenue, climbed the party wall separating the row of vats, and peered into the dark recesses of each. All were empty, save one filled with clear water 'to serve as a reservoir for the gar den; and it showed no sigD of huniau life. Filled with creeping fear, I turned and walked slowly towards the hou.se over ground on which the feathery foliage of the casuarinas seemed to be photo graphed by the moonlight. High above their mournful sough there came again the childish screams. I ran back to the vats, and searched each in vain. 'Shall I alarm the house?' I asked myself. The feeling tiiat human intervention was use less restrained me, and I sought my bed, whereon I tossed till 'the morning sun pierced the Venetian blinds. It was very late, according to Anglo-Indian ideas, ere I joined my entertainers at 'breakfast. There was something in my appearance which showed that all had not gone well, for I was pressed with questions as to whether I had slept soundly. I admitted that I had not, and began to tell the strange episode of the night. Before the denouement was reached my hostess sank from her chair in a swoon. M. Gilbert, as he ran to her assistance, cast on me a glance of menace and reproach which I shall never forget. With the help of the seuants he carried t lie poor eroiunre to an adjoining bedroom, leaviua me is mute amazement at the effect of my plain unvarnished tale. After ten minutes ot so he returned, and striding up to me said, in a voice trembling with fury— - *WeJl, sir, what am I to understand by this mystification?1 'What on -earth do you mean?' 'Yes, sir, mystifica tion; and permit me to observe thaO it w in execrable taste.' So saying M. Uilbert brought his fist down on tihe table with a thump that made the hot-water dishes sound a carillon. Shift ing my position to a point within reach' of the carving knife, in view of active hostilities, I replied— 'Now, M. Gilbert, perhaps you will explain the meaning of such language to a guest.' There was something in my manner which impressed the unhappy man. He grew calmer, and asked anxiously whether I had really heard the voice in tha dead of the night, and whether I did not know the misfortune which had wrecked his life, and was breaking hi*-. wife's heart. I assured him, on my word of honor, that I had heard his name for the first' time on the previous day. 'Sir,' he replied after a pause, 'our little boy was drowned a year ago in those vats.' ' 