WAR NOTES. The British wounded belonging to Colonel Carleton's force, who fought near Nickolson,s Nek, treated by the Boers with great humanity; Estimated that the Boers had 20,000 men engaged in the battle before Lady smith, as against tbe 12,000 men which Sir George White was able to bring into action. The foreign complications to which it was feared the Tranvaal war might lead are still a theme of discussion in tbe oontinental newspapers. Russian newspapers urging Germany to take the initiative in staying the arm of Great Britain. Death of Jan Koch, who commanded the Boers at Elands Laagte ; bis son also killed. The enemy reported to be oooupyiog Pomeroy. 73 miles from Natal oapital. Reported that a heavy fire was directed by the Boers on a oonveot at Ladysmith while they were aware that it was being used as an hospital. A red cross ship organized by the Prinoess of Wales to be stationed at Durban for the reception and treatment of wounded ; £1,000 contributed by the Princess towards medical comfortp. The French War Department preparing a strong military expedition for the purpose of forcibly seizing the empire of Morooso as compensation for the territorial gain to Great Britain which ia expected to result from the war in South Africa. General Joubeit protesting against t':e ueo of lyddite, as contrary to the rules of warfare. Fierce artillery duel at Ladyamith ; the town saved by the quick -firiog guns if the aaval contingent. Since the beginning of hostilities the British losses, including the missing Irish Fusiliers, are :— Officers, 153 ; rank and file, 1,617. Death of Lieutenant Egerton, R.N., through wounda iu flic ted in the recent aotion with the Boers near Xiadysmith. The British military prisoners cow at Pretoria treated with every consideration by the Boers ; out-door sports, suoh aB football, &o;,, allowed to be indulged in under the surveillance of an armed guard Another battle near Ladysmith ; 800 Boers killed, wounded, and taken prisoners, One thousand pounds contributed by the Queen and £262 by the Prince of Wales to the fund raised for tha relief of widows, orphaDs, and other dependents of the British Eagagemeuts near Colenso; reported that 1,000 Boers were killed and wounded and 2,000 captured. Estimated that the Boera lost from SOD to 1,000 men, and that the British 100. as the result of an encounter at Tatham'a farm, near Ladysmith. Lady Churohbill accompanying the American ladies who have volunteered for service in the hospital ship. The Spy in Wakfarb.— The spy is occasionally very useful in warfare, but tbe life of the spy ia at best somewhat pre carious. Discovery means almost certain death. Sir John Waters, eays the author of ' English Ecoentriea ' was the most admirable spy ever attached to an army. In the Peninsular War he gave Lord Welling ton the most accurate and valuable in formation about the French and their movements. On one occasion he was taken prisoner by a company of French dragoons while still clad in the Euglish uniform. He was surpoBed to be a stupid Britisher who could not understand a word of Frenoh or Spanish, and his captors conversed freely before him. He learned from his guards, while ridiog between them, that they were goiug to kill and rob him at an old mill where the company was to stop for dinner. They would pretend that they had shot him beoause of his attempt to escape. Oa reaching the mill the dragoons dismounted and went into the honse, leaving their prisoner outside, iu the hope that he would attempt to esoape. The instant they were out of sight Waters threw, his cloak upon a neighbouring olive-bush, and mouuted his cocked hat on top. Some empty flour- sacks lay on the ground, and into one of them he crawled. A moment later the dragoons came out, and fired their carbines at the supposed prisoner and galloped off, intend ing to return later to rifle the body. A horse, loaded with sa«ka of Hour, stood near the door, and Sir John, still enveloped in the sack, managed to throw himself on the horse's back, as if he were a part of the load. Tbe owner at length came out, mounted and rode away, without detecting the peculiar contents of one of the sacks. When far enough away for eafety, Waters finding his position most uncomfortable managed to free himself from the sack and sat up. The horseman chanciog to look around, beheld the man covered with flour, and took him to be a ghost patched behind him. Terrified at the sight, ho fell over in a swoon, and the supposed ghost thrust him to the ground and galloped iff. Sir John reached the English camp without further adventure, and was warmly greeted by Wellington; 