literary 9lote4, ibte. A first article on ' The Unknown Contribu tions of Thackeray to Punch1 appears inLitera ture. Of the great novelist's contributions about 140 are, the writer thinks, entirely un worthy of resuscitation. ? Mr. Spielmann's specimens of what are worth, preserving in clude some ballads in which the ..Queen and the Prince Consort are alluded to. We must wait for the book to get a proper idea of their value. Mr. Paring-Gould, in ' Book ofjthe West : Vol. 11., Cornwall,' maintains- that harvest customs, now dying out, such as the custom in Essex of catching a stranger in a twisted loop of straw, and holding till he has paid a forfeit, or in Devon of ' making sweet hay,' are ' an almost certain proof that at a remote period our ancestors practised the awful rites at harvest and in spring' which are now found in use in Benin and other parts of Africa. Two geologists were geologising in some lonely Highland place (writes Mr. Andrew ' Lang in Longmans .) ' One of them, looking about with a field-glass, beheld the other occupied all day in rolling a great rock or boulder to the edge of the hill, whence it 1 rolled down a considerable distance. At din ner he asked his friend what 'on earth he had been about. The friend declared that he had only been rolling the stone for exercise, but, being cross-examined, at last gave out tho truth. ' The confounded thing,' he exclaimed, ?* was 200ft. too high to suit my theory.' ' The little volume of Proceedings of the Anglo- Russian Literary Society for the quarter onding July contains, besides reports of the papers read'during that period, some trans lations of Russian poetry, among them a ver sion of Lermontov's ' Cossack Cradle Song,' by F. P. Marchant, of which the first verse is as follows j Sleep, my prettiest darling, lightly, Baioushki-baiou ! On thy bed the moon ehines brightly. Keeps calm watch o'er you. Tales I'll tell thee, infant dozing, Songs will sing to you, Dream then gently, eyelids closing, Baioushki-baion. /.Mr. Sidney Cooper, R.A., is now ninety-six years of age, and yet can paint without the use of spectacles. In an interview - with Mr. Raymond Blathwayt, in Great , Thoughts, Mr. Cooper, in reply to a question, attributed his longevity: ' To God's providence and mercy, .. for I considor myself a momument of his mercy; and also to a certain extent to my own industry ; to my system of always living tem perately and living out of London ! I have drunk neither tea nor coffee for ovor forty years ; porridge I find very sustaining, and at tho same time very provocative of good ap petite, wliile it- keeps the head clear for a morning's work. But daily exercise and reg ularity in all one's habits, especially as to the ? hour of meals, is a great help to good health and a long life.' When Kipling's name began to be a syno nym for the most modern note in fiotion, ' Ouida' wrote the following to The limes — ' He has neither knowledge of style nor com mon acquaintance with grammar, and should be whipped and put in a corner like a naughtv child for his impudence in touching pen and ink without knowing how to use them.' Later on Kipling had an opportunity for revenge. ' ' Ouida,' ' he wrote, ' is a cynical woman in a lilac frock, who drinks tea and brandy, and smokes cigarettes ; the world to hor is as hol r low as a sucked egg, bitter as greohnuts ; but there are certain people in the slums of Flor ? ?once who could tell rare stories of her gener osity arid kindness. She smokes and says nothing of her numerous charities. ' Never speak of your good deeds,' she says, ' or someone may find out your motive.' ' ' The Story of the Orchids' is a themo on which the Ilev. Alexandor S. Wilson, M.A., B.Sc., writes in tho September issuo of Knowledge. ' One of tho Australian orchids (Pterostylis lnnsjifolia), has a sensitive labellnm' wliwh nuts as ft spring trap. When ar. insect iilights the labellnm (or flowt;r lip) instantly Hups up, and the unwary visitor is ontrnpped in the flower. Thero is only one opening abovo by which escape is possible, and, as happens in Cypripedium, tho stigma and anther are encountered on tho way out. An irritable labellnm also occurs in species of Megaclinium, Bolbophyllum, Drakea, and others. In the vanilla orchid, the pods of which supply the well-known flavouring, an arrangements of hairs, somewhat resembling the mouse- trap hairs of the birthwort, induces visitors to enter and depart in the manner most favourable to cross-fertilisation.' Insects tako from ono orchid flower aud bring to another of the same species the pollinia which is necessary to forming seeds. Without such interchange, the flowers would be barren. Tho secret of tho manufacture of tho India paper used by tho Clarendon Press which prints tho Bible and various classic works is stated by the Sunday Magazine for September to be ' known only to three persons ; no ono of these employed in making it is familiar with more than one stage of the process.; Half a century ago an Oxford man brought home^with him from his travels a small quantity of very thin opaquo paper, tougher for its weigh: and substarico than any previously made. He presented it to tho press ; twenty-four copies of the Bible were printed upon it. They wero smaller than any edition previously known, aud were regarded as groat curiosities. The book collectors would havo snapped them up at once ; as much as £20 was offered for a single copy. The press, however, declined to sell, pre ferring to present them to the Queen and other- distinguished persons, A fruitless search was made for tho source of the paper ; all attempts to make some like it ended in disappointment for 30 years. At last, in August, 1875, tho secret yielded itself up.' In its notice of Mr. J. E. Hasting's book. The Rabbit (Fur and Feather series, published by Longmans), tho Athenceum says that the rabbit is not indigenous in Great Britain, but, like so many other familiar objects of tho country, was introduced by the Romans. It is not named as a common British rodent until the Middle Ages, and then formed, con sidering its size, an expensive dainty. Thus in 1360 it was sold at 10d. each, and in 1361 it cost 8d., when four ducks could be procured for 12d. These figures seem to show that it was still scarce even in the fourteenth century. The difference in speed between hare and rabbit is thus referred to by Mr. Hasting in The Rabbit : — ' A rabbit is said to run faster than a hare for 35 .yards; and no one would think of comparing the two but for the few Rnnnnrln tlinf.'nlnrian o io r»neV»arJ ' iauuiu 10 Puoucu from its ' seat' — when it runs its fastest — and after the hare is started, uncertain, timidly cantering off, but occasionally racing away at a speed which few four-footed creatures excel. The rabbit, with its short legs, only half the length of a hare's, and its shorter body, twists and swerves aside with a jerky motion, and really seems to be going at a tremendous pace. The hare, with her long legs and the stride and grace of a racehorse, moves away so evenly that most people do not realize her true speed. No one who has shot at a hare can doubt her superior pace.' Mark Twain, writing in Harper's Magazine for September, intimates, in order to show his impartiality in regard to certain subjects, that he is prepared to be fair even to the Devil : — ' Ihavenospecialregard for Satan, but I can at least claim that I have no prejudice against him. It may even be that I lean a little his way, on account of his not having a fair show. All religions issue bibles against him, but we never hear his side. We have none but the evidence for the prosecution, and yet we have rendered tho verdict. To my mind this is irregular. It is un-English ; it is un American ; it is French. Without this precedent Dreyfus could not have been con demned. Of course Satan has some kind of a case, it goes without saying. It may be a poor one, but that is nothing ; that can be said about any of us. As soon as I can get at the facts I will undertake his rehabilitation myself, if I can find an unpolitic publisher. It is a thing which we ought to be willing to do for anyone who is under a cloud. We may not pay him reverence, for that would be indiscreet, but we can at least respect his talents. A person who has for untold cen turies maintained the imposing position of spiritual head of four-fifths of the human race, and political head of the whole of it, must be granted the possession of executive abilities of the loftiest order. In his large presence other popes and politicians shrink to midges from the microscope. I would like to see him. I would rather see him and shake him by the tail than any other . member, of the European Concert.' ' ' Many have thought,' says a writer in Literature of September 2, ' that Don Juan was an imaginary character, invested by Byron with the faculty of living for brief space — on paper ; but such is very far from being the case. There really was a Don Juan — Don Juan de Marana by name, and in Seville was he born, in an old house behind the church of All Saints', belonging to the Montijo family, of which the Empress Eugene is the most noted member. Tho story of the real Don Juan is worthy of being included in any book of ghosts, and, though different altogether from that of tho poem, has its literary value by reason of the idontity of the chief actors. It soems that Don Juan de Marana being, like Childo Harold, given to ' ungodly gleo,' rarely came home before daylight, but, having for once mado an exception to this rule, mot a funeral cortege with its attendant friars, which was being conducted by torchlight to this church of All Saints'. He asked whose funeral it was, and was told that of Don Juan. Boing attracted by the similarity of name, he followed the procession into tho church, and tboro recognised tho image of himself laid out for burial. The cortege and chanting friars were mythical, possibly phantoms summoned by delirium; but, be that as it may, Don Juan, aftor recovering from a long illness, repented, and founded tho Hospital de la Caridad, which still exists, and does good work at Seville. The house whore he was born, and where ho lived, also stands, It has a balcony and large Gothic window, and by these signs I may readily be distinguished. This strange i story was drawn upon by Dumas, the elder, for his drama, or mystery, entitled 'Don Juan de Marana.' ' 