THE HSIRSSS OP FABNELEl&a.; 1 ??» ^H CHAPTER XXV ^B The night following Madge went to bcr room ?I directly after dinner, mid left Miss Abby bu.v T, h ?? Jasper Monkton preparing S0Qte voluminous ?H reports for a missionary meetinjr to be hd i ?„ ^H Baltimore a few days before Christmas ?I The house was quiet, and the servant* all below ^m atntrs. She «hut the door of her boudoir after h« ? ?erv^e_S..WeI!,Pf^C'Pie.d- ever* movement of ^^K »er owy oiiuwcu an intensity or purpose H Jle 7s ' ?0Hi: ?^)ut her «*onMew,'Bnd drew B the hood over her head Only the tapping of the H boughs against the windows us the wild gtle bW H tteni forward broke on the quiet. She opened the ?I ««Sement and stepped out to the tenLe stem ^B which led to the park. The wind raped 2! m tbe donuded boughs as she sped on, thlZZTo] H !t*Ve* e.Jdied around her hie wuail meawiiRw, o ?? the night There was sometbinR ghostly in that K company of rustling leaves, while above her like H « a white lady at h.r casement window,' the' calm ^B bright moon kept watch. tnecaim ?? She |knew it was a good hour's walk to the H %lUf SbUr-!h'# *? fhe ,thought ot the q«iet and ?? «he darkness of the lonely roads did not daunt hrr ?B The overwhelming desire to see her father ami H Ulk with him overrule what fear she might have ? She was breathless when at last the picturesque, ?J| ruined efaurch came in sight on the top of the hill ?? What a lonely place it was, the wild night wind ?? ughmg around it, the ghostly moonlight shining ^m upon its tall vine- covered, almost roofless walls H and.gleitmin(r upon the tombstones of the church* ^m yard adjoining. H Madge made her way wearily up the hill, and H moyt-d cautiously p..st the Wanderer's Hut, for a H dull light gleamed in its one, rude window A H moment later she had stepped into the wind-swept H interior of the crumbling edifice, and came face to ^M face with her father. H v '-°h- ml dHrl]ng B'rl !' he said' seizing her H hands eagorly, and pressing them to his lips and M juuken cheeks. ' I've been so troubled about yo' H- here- those lonely roads, my child, and this H[ windy night filled me with alarm. Oh, 1 fancied H dangers surrounding you as you hurried to my ^m Bide ! We must not arrange to meet so far from H yonr home ever again. I have endured terrible M anxiety as I paced to and fro here iu this terrible ^M place.' H «^e looked about hmi a»d shuddered, while ^m Madge, with her hands around his neck cluntr to ^m him tenderly. ^M 'Dear father, you are more nervous for me H than I am for myself,' she said, briskly ' Feel H njy cheeks-aren t they warm ? My Wood is in « H glow fiom that glorious walk— for I was so H anxious to get to you. I have news, father, ^B dear' ? ' ? ?« Ah, thank God—thank God !' he said, and H she felt his body tremble. H T.h''e was a deeP corner by the open door, past H which tbe wind rushed, leaving it more sheltered H than any other spot in the place, and there they ^m fount a seat upon a heap of stones, ^m 'Tell me all,' said the old man, eagerly. 'Tell M me all you said to him, aud every word that B passed his li[ s.' H ^ere' Whlle the willli whined around them, ^m while bats, made sudden, rapid descents ^from ^m 'lack comers into' the moonlit nigh i, MBdgeT'-went H over every detail of the .visit to The Crest, while ^m he listened, bis hand clasping hers with a nervous H ntecijity, his eyes fixed upon her shadowed face, ^m ' I had almost bfgun to despair of finding any ^m thing which might hint at his guilt, father dear, ^m until we recohed his study. There I asked to see ^m his collection of gems. 1 never shall forget Felix ^B JLaLcoe's face as I made the request. You had ?? forgotten to tell me that this was known only to a ^m iew of his intimate friends, and that he had ^m spoken to you of this mania more than fifteen ?? years before. He was curious to know where I ?? could have heard abcut it, but I passed the matter ? off lightly.' H . .' You are sure he did not suspect anything?' ?? he asked, in a troubled whisper. ' 1 don't want ? him to get a hint of danger ; I con't want him to ?K fancy you arc even particularly interested regard H ing anything that might have happened at Far ?? neleigh or his life in the past.' ^B ' Oh, don't be afraid, father dear. He EUapects H nothing. He doesn't dream 1 uui anything but ^H the thoughtless, happy young mistress of Furne ^B lcigh,' said Madge, a ring of triumph iu her voice. ?? ''How soon his unconcern would vanish,' she ?? added, thoughtfully, ' if he gues^ed that Bichmd ?? -Farneleigh was here in tbe guise of Miles Gibbon, ?? the old clock mender, and that his [daughter was ?? in league with him to unravel the mystery of her ?? mother's fate 1 What was that?' she suddenly ?? broke of ; and both started up. ' Didn't you hear ?? a sound 1' ?? ' I thought I did,' he answered, clasping her ?? hand tightly, and peering into the darkness. ' It ?? was like a sigh', or a quick breath of surprise.' ?I For a moment they almost iitiird the beutiiig of ?I cuch other's hearts', as they stood motionless, ?Jj looking. H ' It came from without,' said Madge. 'What ?I if — fcomeone has heard ?' . H Forcing back ihe paralysing agitation which ?I robbed her of motioi., Madge stepped to the door ?I and [glanced to the righc ,iiud left. The scene on ? which her eyes fell reassured her. Nothing more ?? lonely, more wild, could b» imagined, The i^pace ?J m fiont of tho ruin nffurded no shelter to aa ?I eavesdropper ; only the leaves from a d»nse wood ?J behind held revel in the wild wind which swept all ?J before it. ?J Sho returned to her father's side, and looked ? Pityingly into his startled eyes. ?J )' It was nothing— some trick of the wind's,' she ?J said, in a soothinp; tone. ' Tliera is no one ? near.' H ' Are vou sur« ? I' sounded like a gasp, as if — ?J &s; if oUr WUrds startled some listener,' he ? muttered. ? .. '.' Come, and satisfy yourself,' said Madno, and ? linking her arm through his she led him out I 4i.T1'ey wa'sed slowly round the ruin and back to ? ''e °pen door. Who could have overheard them ?J on that wind- swept hill top, given over to owls and ? bals? Only iho light iu the Wauderer'* hut ? 'Poke of human life. They were alone with their ? «t*iet and solitude. H Returning to the sheltered seat, Madge com ? *uennt.d her utory hurriedly agiiiii. ? ' I luust tell you all, father, and go back m «[uckly I'm afraid of Ot)jiOR mLsaeA- benides, it's ? ?? «old and desolate here,' she whispered. 'Go on, my child. I am burning with im« patience. You were speaking of hia geuis. Did he show them to you ?' ' Yes.' 'Where does he keep them?' asked Richard Fanieleigh, breathlessly. ' In the study he has a big carved chest, many hundreds of years old. In this there is a box literally crowded with curios in the shape of jewels and famous rings set with wonderful stones' 'Yes— yes' ? ' He took out the tray' ? ' You saw the ruby cross ?' he a&ked.; graspinir her hand. ' Ah, no— that would have made me sure. I did not see il. But, father, I feel sure it is there.' ' Why ?' he asked, in a tone that was both impatient and bitterly disappointed. ' If you did not see it' ? I ' Listen. I was watching Felix Lancoe very closely. Well, when he lifted the tray I saw a small bronze cabinet. I almost felt the chill that ran along |his nerves creep over my own. His look— I shall not soon forget it. It was as if some one had suddenly rolled away a stone from the jriave and he stood looking on the dead, I asked him what the cabinet held, asked him to open it. He gave a faltering excuse, and hastily put back tbe box. Father, the ruby cross is there, in Felix Luncoe's possession. You must get it. For a moment there was silence between them, aud then, as .it in a dream, Richard Farneleigh said : ' The ruby cross was there !' Again he lapsed into thojght, and Madge, watching the strong profile as if fascinated, said nothing. ' If I remember rightly,' he said, 'the study window is on the floor above tbe dining-room, and immediately over the doorway, overlooking the opening on the roof of tbe portico ' ' Yes,' suid Madge, thoufihtfully. ' I am sure you are riyht. Yes, I remember quite clearly '?I could reach the roof of the portico by climb in' the tn-e to the right,' he continued, in a de cided voice. 'Now tell mo again about the bronze cabinet. It was in [the box in the cedar ' Yes, hi the very bottom |in the further corner, and to the right.' ' Where did Laueoe take (he key from which opened the chest?' ' It was on his watch chain.' ' H'm. Fortunately I can tamper with a lock — the smaller and the morn intricate the better. 'Butwould'tit.bea terrible thing ,for Lancoe to find out tbe cedar chest tad been opened .' Mightn't hu suspect?' ' He will know nothing. I will leave no traces after me,' said Richard Farneleigb, grimly. » Aud when-when ?' asked Madge, her eyes feverish, her trembling fingers seizing his. **I will have a clear field chree nights from now. Murdock will be away in Baltimore and my coming home late, perhaps very late, will not be noticed. ' If you find the ruby cross among his posses sum., what will you do?' she asked, her voice ^ rfeve it there. The next morning, 1 will make known n.y identity to tb. police here, and 'il them what I have discovered. We will bo u- The Crest, I'll face Felix Lancoe with the truth, and in the presence of the officers the chest will be ojened and the evidence of bis gui * f°undml hiding place. Oh, I must succeed 1 God will halD me discover tbe truth ! ge folded Madge in fak. arms, and for a moment nehher .poke. All the hopes of life weru m bat embraoeL him, and all tho hopes of love for he r 1'hev left the silent ruin and went do\ui the lull together During the long walk Tory hllle .was Mid between them, but before the inward Mfiht ot both the ruby cross was like a beacon that was to guide them to happy heights where innocence and reinstated honor were made sunlieht. About a quarter of a mile from the Farneleigh gates they parted, and Madge ran on like the wind. Meanwhile, id the ruined church on the hill something very strange had occurred. Scarcely had their footsteps died away upon the stony, down-hill path before the stillness of the place «as broken by a sharp, guttural explanation which enme from the farthest shadows. Into the light which came from the moon thronghthe trees a guant figure crept until the doorway was reached and the rays shone upon his face. He was a very old man, fantastically ragged, bis face hidden behind a mass of unkempt grey beard. Under his arm there was a bundle of twigs which shook with every br ath through his palsied body. It was ' The Wanderer,' and during a prowl for firewood he had beard all that had passed between Madge aud her father. At first he had crouched outside when tho unusual sound of whispered voices reached him, and later when they made a tour of the place he had darted in through tbe door and hidden in a well-shadowed oorner. There, crouching on his knees, he Lad listened, as if life and death depended on his hearing every word. As he gazed down the path which they had taken there was a look of stupsf action on his face. ' Young Dick farneleiyh back again— buck again. Not guilty, as I thought- not guilty— not guilty, silly old fool that 1 was to think of it. But I did think of it. But I did think of it— and still all these years thinking I was shielding him because — because I loved the wild young chap. But be didn't do it. The man I saw wasn't him I' CHAPTER XXVI. A VAIN 8EA.ECH. ' I am like an uueogy ghost to-night. The stillness of this place, it* empty grandeur, its life less beauty, weighs on me like a pall.' Felix Lancoe was pacing along the lower hall of The Cie8t, his head lowered, his eyes dull. There are moods when we are cur own his torians, and this power dominated him to-night. He was thinking of the past, and the memories which surged over hire left his heart sick. Ho hated the Holitu.le with which he had been so con tent for years. He had begun to chafe against it of late, but to-night he hated it more than ever before. The unused, beautitul rooms which he passed during his walk, all given over to silence aud darkness, irritated him and roused a spirit of sore defiance in him. He was alone— alone while others were happy. Oh, to have this place filled with the magic of one presence, the beauty of a smile which had come to mean so much to him. His thoughts tormented him, and the absolute stillness, unbroken, save by his own footfall and the occasional crackle from tbe hall firo, roused a quivering impatience in him which got beyond control He raug the bell, and when the servant ap peared, an order was given which snrprised him. ' Light the upper hallo— all the rooms,' he suid, brusquely. 'The— the drawing-rooms, sir,' ventured the man, trying to mask hit) amazement. ' I said all the rooms.' In a few minutes the lights were flashing from every window. The Crest was ablaze, as if for the reception of many guests. : ' What did it mean ? This was the question which disturbed the mind of one watcher in the darkness of the December night. .Richard Farne leigh, crouched on the roof of the portioo oat* ?idethe study window, watted in trepid: tiun. ' If he expects guest* at thin hour, my plan must bo put aaid-3 far to-night,' he thought, iu Lflplesirnpe. But he was socn ta realize that no guests were eomintf to The Crest, and when he caught sipthtof Felix Ljucoe a* he strodo into tha room oiMsida which he watched, he understood he wag gazing upon a tormented soul : that tho mansion hod Won illuminated to oust out tho unwelcome thoughts born of the darkripgs. Oh I that moment as the dishonored, almost forgotton heir to Fnrneleiirh oronohod there and gozeJ through ttio shutt.-r* at the man be had determined to »trike from hi* position. ' Tho difference between u» -die ferrib!-- unnitt difference !' he muttered, hh ho ahhvred tn til* night. 'He *o apparently iireproaohnble, f* handsome still, so *eeiiro iu ease awX wenlth ? arid I— and I— prematurely old, hiding .mnong lh« poor, supposed to he (lend and disgfhced 1 Oh. that to-night helps mo on tho first mep of the re*d leading to my goal, whuro he will be in my plaoe. and I in his !' j r f Lancoe continued paciug up and down like « restlena spirit What were his thoughts? What did that passionate yearning mean whioh occa sionally swept over hix fnoe ? Why did that give place to a stfi»lthy look over hia shoulder as if he felt that tho air about lint wus peopled with accuser!' ? 'HU guilt is roawakeued tonight,' thought Richard Farneloigh, the JAarpnasH of a lynx in big eyes. For a while longer Felix Lancoe continued hit rentlf sk pacing, then sank before the great studr table, his fingers interlaced and abuding his eyes Before his eyes tose the vision of a woman be had loved onue years ago when youth was his and life was at his fullest. He oould see her in her quaint gown*, a slender black velvet ribbon round her throat, holding a n by oroiw, u rono, in the mnsi of olswtnut curU half looped up against her proud little liend. ' Alice-Alice !' came in n long, husky sich from his lips. * ' A shudder passed over him, and ho g-sve a fearful glance, as if ho fancied her ghost mijrht stand bo*ide him and whisper , With trembling fingers he opened a littla drawer in tho table, and the watcher outride saw him take from it an old fashioned tarte-de-vUite By moving cautiously, he could see that his eyes were tautened on the photograph of his murdered wife. He could look upou it ? He oould cnze into those pictured eres, realizing thaf be had struck the light of life from them ? The ruined man's fingers closed convulsively, a* if they would fasten themselvtw round the throat . of the man he watched. Still Felix Lancoe gnzei with pale face and half averted eyes^jpon the face of the woman he had loved from boyhood and aery came from his lips whioh faintly reached the man outside. 'The eyes seem to call for vengeance still, after all these yearn 1' He put the picture back, and. plunging his handi into hiw pockets, sat staring before him. He had bsen thinking of the far away trains past, Now hi» thoughts overleaped tha years and tbe present rose before him. His eyes lingered on. another vision, and save for n fanhion of eownine it wan still tbe same faoe whiuh looked at him ' the same dunky hair over the white brow, the same lieaotn i young figure. His inward sight was beut upon Madiw FarneleiRh. and he confessed to biui- ' self there that he loved her as passionately, mow deeply than he had loved her mother, whose living likeness ehe was. Yes. ho loved her, he dared lo love her— he ' with his unhappy past behind him, he, with all ' Ins disillusions and sins—he lovod her. It was her innocence and youth which attracted him aa the wayworu and thirsty traveller's oyog are nxfd upon a spring of crystal water. His lovo was hopeless— it had been the curse of hiu life ' always to love hopelessly. Thw Rirl, who, like the embodiment of spring, had flashed upon his trrev existence and tempted him from hi* house of shadows, was to marry another Ivan Trent-how iu that moment this jaded man looking baok upon an ill-starred past, envied him his youth, his flowing hopes, the future of love before him at Madge J-'arneleigh's Hide 1 The thoughts became unbearable. He started up, turned and hastily left the room Spellbound; forgetting alike the 'icy December air and the weary passing of time, Riobard Farneleigh Jrept his patient watch, feeling that at last he stood upon the threshold of the discovery which was to bring him success. Ah hour passed before a servant entered, drew down the blinds, and turned out the lights Soon all over tho bouse the lights in the casements vanished. There was the sharp elosin-r of doors a deepening ailenc;, until at length The Crest was as quiet as a great tomb. , Still Richard Farueleigh waited until it seemed that sleep must have come even to the uneasy tormented man he had gazed upou as a jurtjre mav look at a criminal F,,r away a clock Jtraok two. Bousing himself from a numbed lethargic reverie, he took from his pocket a fi ie irtisienin- ' instrument and inserted it between thu Je.lL-v of the window, protecting the latch. Jor a few moments he worked unsuccessfully, but. at h-t,'th a welcome tii* told him the difficult task was ac complished. By almost imperceptible derive.- he hf tod the casing, raised the blind and stepped into the room. ** Thore was not a second to be lost. He n ust work with magical swiftness and an silently as a ghoit. He sank on his knees before the cirved chest and began his attempt of picking the lock wHh the clock-maker's instrument he had brought It was delicate, tedious work, and mbro than once he dexpHired tot accomplishing it, while his eyefl r continually sought the door 'Ah!' The sigh of relief was almost overpowering as he heard the sound which told him he hfld Suc ceeded, and ho caught the chest for support He seemed scarcely to breathe as he clung there the moisture of apprehension upon his chilled, spent face. v He »prang up, and lit a candle standing on the study tabK It wax the work of a moment to lift ' tbe great J,d and lift out the small* box. He iffif tu'1.1'8 gaZe 4y II0t Iinrf* *? the goms Hheld. The tray w«s indifferently displaced a3 he thought expectantly of forcing open the bronze cab.net, and letting his_ eye« linger in satisfaction upon the rnby cross which was to be so fatal to its possessor. ?*»««. But he stopped as if littrally petrified. The ; oronze cabinet whs not there. *??« Suivly he wau drenroihg. His watching in tlm ; icy mght must haiu ui.l.inged-,,,«dd,M.«l him v so that hlfl gaze Could not disoover lh« rp»l H^ ' lifted his head and looked ajnim. Tho cabiuet had '* betn removed, and iu secret treasure remaina* ? ?ecret etilL '' * 