People Prominent. THE SISTERS H'COY. One of the features of the present Harry Conor season at Her Majesty's has been the bright work and exceedingly smart dancing of tho Sisters M'Coy. The clever young ladles, who are only 35 and 17 years of age, have done work which would do ?infinite credit to any adult nr tlsts, and it is gratifying to see that the audiences fully appreciate. it. Born Mn New York, they have been dancing all their lives, but their first en gagoment.of any importance was in the original production of 'A Trip, to Chinatown,' when they occupied tho same placo on tho bill as they do now. After finishing that season they returned to school for a couple of years, and when '.'A Stranger In Now York' wasabout to bo presented they 'rejoined Messrs. Hoyt and M'Kco. Since then they have toured all over America — from east to weot and from north to south— twice, and everywhere they have met with just recogni tion. The littlo ladles are pu pils of Mr. Sam M a r io n. who certainly should feel proud o: the result of h|s labors. Tho sisters. In addition lo being fine dancers, arc expert cyclists. In. the century run from New York to Phila delphia, organised by the American League of Wheelmen for members of the theatri cal profession, they were the only two la dies out of 300 starters who finished the distance. Mr. Marion, it might be mention ed by the way, visited Australia. some ton years ago, and remained here close on two years. Ho ivas associatsd with a partner named Franks. Altogether he claims to nave been' a dancer for 20 years. According to the. latest London files, tho '?phenomenal success' of 'The Tyranny of Tears',, haa, persuaded Mr. Charles Wynd ham to make a tour of tho provinces, a thing he has not done for. years. He, wiil go* into' 'tho .country with Mr. Kaddoii Chambers' .'delightful . play' for three or fqur.,weeks\ immediately after the London Beasoni ?;.''????;?-'..?';.?:?',;????'?? .-' .... ?'?.? .'.. ! ;Mr! .Nat'Goodwin is reported to have the Shakespearean bee in his- bonnet. Ho sees a -tragic, laurel .'wreath 'J^ist in.reach, 'and lio won't -be happy, tlli he, gets: it. Comment ing upon-thls amibition'a writer in-the New YorltK'Dramat'ic., Mirror' remarks: 'We can't see Shakespeare done any worse than ?we have had it this season, and I haven't the slightest shadow of doubt that Goodwin will give us a new brandiof Shyloek that will be devoid 'of rant and posing, and filled with geba points. An actor who played'.in Goodwin's company for two seasons told me that the star's: quick intuUl.omas'.'to.tue.pro pcr shading of voice anil reflection' to bring out the meaning of the;author's' lines' was marvellous. ,The .actors .would :ready'the!r lines apparently as intended' by. thewrlter. Goodwin would . say, -.'Try that in .this ,wdy,': and he would ;eniphasise;'.sdmeVwof'a,''pro- ducing an1, linm'cdlate- ?effect^ dramatic''- and forceful. -it seemed. llke;an. Instinct, tovhlm. If he applies 'this rulo!'to;hl8':study; of ; Shy'-: lock what'; ^ ; performance'. -we:' may' expect .with a work:tho reading of whlohlsVevery-' thing, although imanyiof -thls'isjias'on'a'- stars' seemed to vthink that '^ a'Smake'rUp r -was -'ail ?that was^ 'necessary :;t6:do,: the .part !'?: ?V.'-:'J-'l Madame Bernhardt' was appearing. In 'La Tosoii' at the A'dolptil .when the 'mall .left. : -A 'writer in the' 'Dally Mail,'..speaking ot, her .'performance,'' said.. that she had never done more magnificently.' The' alternating moods' of jealousy and love, he says, were played with marvellous force and change of passion; the face is noiv thunderous, now sunny; the voice is the voice of two dif ferent people, it coos and it clatters. In the torture scene Madame Bernhardt was a raging' lioness one moment, a sobbing; heart-broken woman the next: The audi ence, sickened' and shocked at it was,' re cognised, her genius and shouted' Its: ad miration. , -'.;'?. :'r'.'-:; ?-??'.? ' ; :. ' Mr. George Alexander, the ''well:known London actor-manager, has1, boon talking about an endowed'. ?theatre.' .-'Art without business,' he sald.'^ like bread .without butter. You cannot dissociate, the two. You cannot secure either footing or. attention it art bo your only aim, unless you wish to be a «rank. The business side of a theatre Is so important that when people ravo about the 'degeneracy of the drama' because one happens to run a piece that Is full of hu man nature and drawing powers one is in clined -to get angry.' And then one laughs. There aro always well-meaning people in the world who believe it Is their mission In life to teach others how to mind their own business. In particular is this so In the theatrical world, where so much com mon sense is wasted. Nobody knows but the actor-manager behind the scenes how difficult it is to run a theatre, not to please everybody, but to cater for a certain section of the public.' A London journal recently stated that they were going to have another version of 'Charlotte Corday,' in ?which Marat was to 'seo gnosrts.' Mr. Kyrlo Bellew, writing 'there anent to the latest 'Dally Mail,' says:— 'The long arm of coincidence Is reaching out again. In my play of 'Char lotte Corday,1 written in 1S80, played all over the world with greait success, and fin ally proaucea at tno Adelphi, there is a sceno In which Marat sees tho victims of the 'Terror' pass before Kim to ithe guillo Ulrie in bis Imagination. In 'Robespierre' a similar scene occurs, and now Mr. Meri vale announces yet another in a play by him on the subject ot 'Charlotte Cordky.' I claim no novelty for the 'ghost' idea, for Shakespeare exploited It In several plays, but I do claim that my 'Charlotte Corday' was the first original play — not assasslnap talted from the Frenoh, or suggested by any one — in which 'this certainly dramatic and striking scene occurs. I am glad to' sco ?how it has caught on, for it Is always plea sant to Invent a new' thing, however old It may be. . 