TURF JOTTINGS. ? r- ? , ? . Trainers' and joekoys' tickets for next Saturday's nicotine at Roaolilll aro . now. available, and early application la re quested. . . . . .' Cravat was nover dangerous In the' Spring Handicap, aud his chanco of win ning tho Metropolitan appears to bo get ting poorer tho nearer wo get to the day. At the V.R.C. committee meeting last week tho following Increases wero made In salaries: — Mr. C. P. Fraser, from £450 to £i'00 a year; Mr. F. F. Dakln, hnudicapper, from £560 to £600; Mr. Byron Moore, sec retary, from £800 to £!)00. That smart little maro Feu-de-Jole made her last aDDearanco on' tho Turf in tho Spring Handicap on Wednesday, and now retires to tlio stud. During her stay In Sydney she has only won two races — the Squatters' Handicap at Randwlck and Moorefleld Cup at Moorofleld — but hna been placed in several others. At tho Llngfteld (Eng.) July meeting a three-year-old named Harrow, in winning tho Park Stakes, ran a mile In lmln 35»oec with 8st 101b on hl3 back. This lowers the record of lmln 36gsec mado by Dornroschen at Nottingham in 1893, but is behind the American record of lmln 30Jaec standing to tho credit of Salvator. Tho latter record; .however,- was not made in a race, but In a match ngainst time. Superb's win In tho Welter Handicap at Tattersall's Meeting was his first since he carried 7st to the front in tho Doncaster Handicap of l;8!)7. In tho Epsom Handlr cap ho has 7st 111b, and in tho Metropolitan 7st 71b, so, provided ho can stay, the doublo may not bo beyond him. In the event of winning the Epsom ho will have 8st 31b to carry in tho Metropolitan. He. Is also engaged in tho Caulfleld Cup with 7st 31b and Melbourne Cup with 7st Clb. According to a London exchange the Eng lish racehorse Orzll Is to be given a chanco of distinguishing himself out here. Orzll, who Is a four-year-old by Ayrshire from Merry Miser, was a good performer as a two-year-old, but Einco then ho has earn ed the reputation of being a brilliant rogue, and Mr. Brassey has given him away to bo taken to Australia, stipulating for £1000 should he over win a race in this country. Tho 'tough' -oiement continues to flourish on English racecourses, - notwith standing tho. efforts made to suppress It,, and our 'London flies of a recent date con tain a reference' to a veryroughBceno wit nessed ntLingflcld in one of the betting rings, bottles and glasses being freely usoo. in tho melee. At the name mooting, In a field adjacent to the railway' station, another outbreak occurred; tho railings of tho field beiiiB broken down and used as weapons in: an attack upon the racecourse police. Dandy, tho rdur..year-old brother to Vanl tas. : was unfortunate in bumping up* against such a hot one as Bobby Burns In tho August Slakes, but, though beaten, he ran a Rood raco, and the w a v he camo along under punishment shows that ho is not larking In sameness Ho is a really good sort, nnd his ', owner will be unlucky if he, does not pick up a laco wllh him before the conclusion of tho A J.C Meeting. Dardy, by the way, was sold as a yearling for SiDgs, and was not raced as a twoytar old, his first appon.'incq In public being at Canterbury Park last June. The following aro the drawers of the placed horses in 'Tattersall's' ordinary and special consultations on (he Spiing Handicap, iviii at Handwlck on Wednesday last. Oidmdry, closrd wllh 20,000 subsel beis- First. Plutus,' Jones and Pool, care of T. Jones, 32 Marion-streot, Enmoro, New South Wales, -£1410, second, Wlngello, R. Carpenter, 217 Uons-Btioot, Port Melbourne, Vlctoiia, £610, third, Kallatlna, J B. Cia hain, railway station, Williams town, Vic toria, £300. Special, closed v,lth 12,500 ?Jiibscilbers. First, Plutus, T. Fortunatui, I oco Department, Government railways, Kalgooille, WA, £000, 6econd, Wingollo, IMJamcs, hospital,. Walloend, N.S.W., £31V 103, third, 'Kallutina, J. Ross, Esmoralda, Croydon, Queensland, £220. These amounts nro net;' Tho American breeder, ifr. J. B. Hagqln, is piobably wclUsnllsflcd with his venture In sending yearlings to the English mar ket, as the 85 sold at Newmarket last month rpallsed a total of 10,275gs, an avo lago of slightly under 121gs It Is esti mated that tho cost of lauding tlio young stois did not e-suocd £12 each, so that Mr. Ilnggln no doubt made a much higher pro lit, than if, ho had. sold them in tho States: Only ono of tho number touched four fig ures, that boing a colt by Goldfinch from Fleuiellc, who nas purchased on behalf of Mi. Whitney for lSjOgs. Mr. Whitney, Is an American who pin poses lacing iu England. Sir Modrcd was well leprcseuted, five colts and tour fillies by him being sold, tho highest price realised by any of them being 155gs for a filly out of Rosemary A colt by tho N.Z stallion Artillery brought l!)0g3, and a filly by Dniebln 25ga, whllo a colt by July went at a similarly low figure. ? In nn Issue of a fow weeks back we ro foicd to tho fact that a colt i\ho was tho lcsult of aitlficial Impregnation was win ning racco In Amcilca, and It would appear the system has 3Uillcient in it to cotnmcnrt itself to Engllbh bleeders. In iofeirlng to somo mares- to bo sent from'EnsIarid to Mr. It. C. Dawton's stud faun at Closhian, near Dublin, tho Irish correspondent of a Lon don paper mentions that one of tho num ber, Ishtar, has a beautiful foal by Tren ton, tho youngster being the lesult of tho use of an Inscinlnator. Ishtar had pre viously been barren for two years, ' nn'j.» from what wo can read, It Is In casus of thlp kind that the method proves, particu larly efficacious. New South Wales stua maatcrq may have an opportunity of giving tho Inscmlnator a tilal before long, as It is moro than probaolo that the wcll-kno-\ii trainer, W. Miller, who is shoitly return ing from tho States, will bring one back with him. Tlio following race clubs havo been ; grant- ed rcRlstratlon hv tho- A.J:C.:— 'Albiirv R C, 'Adelong J.C, 'Bmrangong TO., ?Bourko J.C, *Boga District J.C, *Bro wanlna J.C, 'Broken Hill J.C .(.'Broken Hill Licensed Victuallers' R.C , Ullghi Ama teur R.C., 'Coonamble J.C, ?Corowa n.C.i 'Cobnr T.O , ?Clarence River .1 C, *Cooma R.C, 'Coot.imundra T.C., Canterbury Pnik R.C, 'Denlllqulu J.C, Forbes Amntcur U.C, *l''orbes J.C, ♦Goulburn B C, *Gun ncdah J C, 'Hay Jockey C, Ilawkesbury R C , 'Juneo R.C, ?Murrurundi R.C, ?MudBob District, R.C.,* Jloroe R.C, Mbore lleld R C, 'Nariabil J.C, *Noithern J C, 'Nairandcra T.C., 'Now England J.C, ♦Nowcastle J.C, «Orango J.C, 'Parkes J.C.; *Quirludl J.C; ?Richmond -River T.C, Roschlll R.C, Sydney T.C, ?Toeumwnl R.C, ?Tumut T-C/'Tatterball's Club, «Te mora J.C, Tlranna Picnic R.C, ?Tam- Worth J.C, *Wallsend J.C; Warwick Farm R.C, nVarlalda J.C, *Warren J.C, *WI1 cnnuln T.C. Clubs exempted from pro\l slons of rule 00, clause A, which provides for the registration of jockeys, aro marked by, an asterisk. ?Lost year when' The Chief downed . Mor Ibolns In tho'Hampdcn Stnkca, his success oamo as a-surprlso, but this year It was not no,' as though; thcro ^yas a. big field °,on Wednesday last, tho raco was looked upon as little moro than a match between him and Crnnbeiry. And so It proved, ns over the lnst furlong they had it to thorosclve's The Chief had a good run throughout, but Cranberry wua not no lucky, dropping right buck at the tin cc An longs, aud, though ho Was In on tho rails at that 'stage, hohad to come nlong on the outsldo when ho did mako his run. At tho half-dlstnncc hr- was wllhln: less man a longth of Tho Cblcf, but ihLii ho commenced to run ovei town: da the judge's hov, and the boy-gcltllng eventually iLnthlm by a good threo lengths. According io'Cianberry's owner, the heavy going was somewhat Agrlust him, nnd In all probabi lity tho colt would havo made a rauuh bet tor fight of It with Tho Chief on a dry (raek.'YHoH'ever; (lie ? performance' was good enoughrlo , pmphaalsa Cinnbciiy''; Derby cliauco, though It our weather piophefs aro correct, It Iu more than likely he will again hn\o hca\y going to hother him. Dowuj, RufMii, KnlliiRo, nnd fulmhmtn, nho aro also Id the Derby, nero amou;; tlif Hampden Stakco runners, hut after tho way Crnnl}e»ry beat them tholr respective qv eu oa'i I't'o hut l|ttlo hoce of nc3c\lnc tije ' blnn ribbon ' Tho rain has caused a further postpone ment of tho WoMongons rases, and they are (lxcd for Thursday, 31st inat. Holbrook pulled up lame after a gallop wl'bh Cranberry las't w;oek, and It is 'lm-' probnble that ho will ba seen out at tho AiJ.C. Spring Meeting. Tho Maltland horses, M^arshall and Wpl come, are no'w worlfins at RjMdwlclr, iind in n.!l probaWi'.y 'Will remain In Sydn'ay' until the conclusion of the A. J.C Spring Meeting. The officers of tho ?nowly- fonncd Mur rumbldgco Racing Club are as followa:— Mr. B. W. Donnelly, chairman; Mr. O. Colcman, treasurer; Mr. P. Hann, Judge: Mr. W. J. Daley, clerk of «he scales; Mr. G. Mitchell, olerk of tho course; and Mr. H. S. Bldcrshaw, starter. Messrs. D. Irvine and J. A. Bellalr act as Joln't hon. seerotarlo3 until aftor 'the show ?meeting. Tho committee will do tho handicapping. N. Robinson, who -was to havo rldilen Merman In the Liverpool Cup, was suspen ded for. disobedience a few days 'before that raco took place, and 'the services of another jockey had to Tie -dbtalned. Merman, it will oo remembered, starbed favorite, aud fin tailed out of a place. Sloan, shortly, after his suspension by tho (?towards of tho English Jockey Club for disobedience to the starter, loft for Ame rlfca, and did not intend returning to Eng land until the beginning of September. Major Kenny has obtained a commission from the stewards of tho English Jockey Club to erect his starting machine at New market. Ho has also been commissioned to erect tho machine at several English Etuds, Including the Southcourt. Major Kenny's starting machine is the one used In Ireland, and In that country it Is said to have given every satisfaction. W.A. Tatt.'s (J. Charles) consultation on the Coolgardio Cup, run August 19, ro sultcd as follows:— No. 1 consultation: First, Bruco Lowe, A. E. Lockyer, Northam, £1000; second. Braylelgh, S. Collins, Porth, £2G0; third, Ormuz, Bothnal, Freraantle £100. No 2 sweep: First, M. Kenny, Fre ?mantlo, £600; second, Weir and Osborue, Menzlcs, £150; third, Cohen, Perth, £50. The Hawkesbury Raco Club has been going in for improvement, and a now official. stand has been erfce'ted. It ils 50ft by 18ft, and «Jae ground floor contains secretary's, weighing, and jockeys' rooms, ?asjwell as a bar, and a verandah runs all round. On the second floor are tiho num bers room, with a largo scratching .window, 7ft 'by 7ft 6ln, press room, committee room, and a balcony 50ft by 6ft, wWlo higher still' Is a scratching, 'tower, -with a window 6ft Din by lift, which can bo seen from the grand and St. Lcger stands ainU the reserve. 'Tho 'A'go' says Flwt Admiral was well baokeS for tho August Handicap at Fleiu lngton on 'Saturday 'the moment 'the bdttlr.g opened ; but the patrohuigo was not sus tained.- and ho retired to the nosltlon of third favorite. ISn'terlng 'tho stralgilit ho soomod to hiue a grejt chance, but his con dition failed ihiui, and he dropped out of the .race. .In;.! few strides. Gallops' with the colors up 'will do the ibrol/her to Tho A'l iairal;a lot of, good, and.lt 'ho stands .the. exacting piepiratlon which Hloken'botha.n usually, Insists , upon, ho .will, prtfbalbly bo dangerous In whlchovei raco he starts The follow Ing' Is from tho London paper, 'Man of the World': — Mi Commlsslonoi Kerr once, told a' Frenchman* who. had '.in nocently Infilugcd a trade mnik, that from the moment of a foreigner setting foot on Dilllsll goII ho was assumed lo bo ac quainted r, 1th all the lawg and 'statutes from' tho timo of Ilcncist and Horea, and really, the rc'iuaik would well apply to JocUcy Club law' For, taking his horses to Newmarket without first gaining the stew aids', permission, Covlugton, the South American trnniol, lias bee:i peremptorily ordered to rcmovo them — a \ciy arbitrary picco ot.officloUGUcss, Wo think. i Loch Long cut up badly In tho .Spring Handicap, and his Conucctlonb may iio'v bu disposed to iegard..Jiis ..Epiom,»llandicap pioapccts Ics3 favoiably. Ho shaped much as he did when backed by his owner for the Turf Club Handicap at tho S T C. Meeting last May, running forward to tho turn and then collapsing. Ho aoems to bo a rather patchy customer, as no matter how well he may havo been doing In private, he would appear as likely to run a bnd raco as a: Eooci.ono. : ,-. ;., wnen; trained] at KandwlcU latt year we repeatedly saw him gallop well enough to give him a look-in for a nice, but with the colors up his form wo.-, decidedly disappointing. The Caiblno filly Cum Dum, with 8st 111b, 'finished a length and a-half behind Jouvence, Ssu lllb, and Elopement, Ost, In lhp Great Foal Plate at LingfleJd, a head oi.ly dividing the last- mentioned tv,o. Dlopement wan fa\orlto at 7 to 4 on, but owing to some mismanagement he was In a railway horse-box nine hours the pre\lous day, nnd this no doubt had comcllung to do with his defeat Ly Jomcnce, wl'o Is an Amcilcan-brcd gelding The top-weight, Stealaway, fist 51b, was not far away fiom the;p|aced horses,, and hls'porforninnco en hance? tho ^aluo of tho Trenton colt Lo:igy s form in' the Biltish Dominion Two-year-old Race, -as on that occasion Longy nas only, just boitcn by Stcalawa-, to whom ho was conceding 131b. Though .Plutus hiid-hcon; galloping, well during tho pievlou? week, R. Wootton was not partlculaily sweet on' his Spring Handi cap chance, tho leason being that the brown gelding had not been eating as he ought. This did not present Plutus from disposing of tho * opposition in decisive fashion,-' though it is doubtful whether he could havo increased tho' gap between him self and tho otlve-'f to any cvtont. Ho had,, a h.K lead t opposite tlio Leger, but his rider, Oiockett, kept him goin~; for all ho was worth until within fifty ynrdu of the winning-post. As Plutus Is likely to lnipiovo between now and the A. J.C. Meeting, ho should be hard to beat In the Motiopolltnn with 7st,71b, a weight ho fin ished fifth with in rtho' last Melbourne Cup. Verx, few of U1030 who -\ itlt Randwlclt in tho mornings noglcctcd to h.ivcsomothlni; on 'Bobby Burns for the August Stakes, as onvtraok work , his' chance- was second to none. Ho acted ' up to his private form, riutpabiiiRtho'romaliiderot tho field in \ tho first hnlf-uille, and winning nicely. Ho [?- \ 'big chestnut gelding by Cranbrook from the Grandmaster mnro Highland Mao'. Tho lattercould gallop'a bit 'It? her day, and at Randwick won a Roui- ' Hnndlon;) In Mr. Frater'3,colors Bobby Burns Is not aN uewcompr to 'metropolitan tiacks, ns about eighteen months ngo he was trained at Randwick. and at that timo used to show plenty of paco In private, lint thcuc'i he ran In a fow races, and was wall backed for one of them— a Kogarah Stakes at Moorofleld— ho did not distinguish himself. A -few months;.bnok he was taken In hand b}v,J. Finn, and this Was' the chestnut's second run since he has been In his pre sent ''.trainer's stable .'In '???? addition to those : which ran In' the Hnmpdcn Stakes, other three-year-olds with Derby engagements seen out at Tat tersall'S' meeting were Rovlver, St. Clarb, Condiment, Sirdar, and Mazzatlna. Condi ment; took part In the' Tramway Handi cap, but waB not at all troublesome. How ever, 'a few smart gallops will no doubt do a lot for her, as, though loooking nice, .she has hnd a comparatively easy time of It up to the present on tho training tiack. Her. stable companion Reviver, who is hard to boat on tho score of looks, wan prominent up 'to' tho homo turn In tho Wcltor Handi cap, but as ha had done 'very little In the way1 of fast work, It would havo come ns a surpilsc to us if ho had run it out to tho end. He was opo of I ho last to finish, but little notice need bo taken 'of tl«it, as his rider did not knock him about when thciii was no. chance of .winning. . 'Ho may! prove a- genuine 'ritnyer, but: oomhdw wo incllnb to tlio Idea that If the. Derby Is solidly run tho last furlong' will'. trouble hlin; a bit. Slulnr, Mazzatina. nnd St. Claro ran in -the August, Stakes. :. Tho .first- named' two did not. figure .'prominently,.* l/ii t;. St., Claro ' was onlv just beaten for third plnoo. Between the half-mile nnd thice-furlong post he must have mot with Interfer ence, as wo noticed, him drop, right back. :Io subsequently ...'inadcrupi.a hit of ground, but flhlBhedtob-frir n'wny'from Bobby Bunni and Dandy for his performance1 lo boj'of. much account. Ho may wjn a raco at, the A'iJ.C; .Meeting, but wn do'uot think' it. will jo tho Derby. ?'I . , Tho Canterbury Park Club's raco meeting has been postponed Indefinitely. ? Tatlnna, Cyanide,, and Stolcno arc now located at Rosehill In chnrgo of T. Hard castld. . Tho hurdleN Myrmidon Is again working at Randwlck, and Iook3 well after hla Southern trip. . . . . The next race meeting under tihe ausplceB of the Wallsond Jookey CIuTj is to bo nold on the 23rd prox. . Owing. to an error, tho names, of Cocos and Dewey were Included In the entries for tho Kensington Handicap, instead of the Spring Stokes, to tie run at tho A.J.C. Spring Mooting. . The Metal gelding Silence Is ono of the latest additions to tho horses la work at Kandwlck. During tho last six months ho has won nine or ten races at country meetings, and If ho retains 'his form ho should succeed In picking up a race or two In the metropolis. Entries for tho flve -events to be decldO'l at the Newcastle Jockey Club's race meet Ing on tlh'e 31st 'lnst. close on Thurslay next with Mr. T. S. CU-bfoorn, Sydnoy, or Mr. R. FJomlng, Newcastle. Tho prize money Is worth £160. Owing ti- the continued wet weather, tho Rutherford races, which were down for de cision on Saturday last, ha.\a 'been' post poned till Saturday next. In tho event of tiu- course not 'being lit for racing purposed by 'that 'time, it Is more than likely that tho meeting will bo concluded at Newcastle, where tho course Is in excellent condition, despite 'the heavy rains. Andrew Ferguson, -who was the trainor of Parthenopaous, who was disqualified, to E'&lhe-.-; with the owners, during the Mel bourne Cup carnival of 1897, applied on Frl iay no the V.R.C. committee for permission to renew fcraUnln'g. He iras told to apply figs-sin after 'the (Melbourne Cup, which. sug- gests that t'hc cdmmUteo Intend lifting the 'ban. Cocos, although he was a gooa way be hind The Chief ana Cranberry when the wlnning-nost was reached in 'tho Hamp;leu Stakes, finished well, and Th'e Chief will find him a much more formidable opponent at the' A.J.C. Meeting. Cocos' raco on Wednesday did him no harm, and yesterday morning (he was treated to tiwo sprlnits. The llret time he ran along by himself, ana, considering the state of die track, recorUed good time for halt a mile. Ho tihen can tered along until picked up by Ewen Dhu for anotlher half-mile. However, 'tho tlrst epln hnd 'taken a 'bit out of the chestnut, and bis companion had no difficulty in beat ing him in slow time. The Gael put in a good run In tho Tram ivnv Hnrvllean ait Tanitcrsal'l's Meo'tlnE. anj if he couM 'have got out sooner he might havo made a good Taco of it with Fellci'.y. At tho -turn- 'ho was a very long way. out of 'i't. but making up ground all tho way down tho straight he go't up in timo to out Sweetheart oui of second placo. It was rather unfortunato for Us owner that tho bay dcldlriK should have got so close 'With out winning, as it diieotcd attention to fhe fact 'that he is well again, and 'will cause the books to bo particularly careful as. to what price they offer about him whenever he luns during the next few weeks. iMerrlwee, -Who 1s a.'half-brother, by Bill of rot'tlaml, to the ^ Sydney Cup winner, Diffidence, won the Throe and Fouryear old Handicap at Fleinington on /Saturday, and tills performance will call attention to hl3 prosepc'.s In 'the 'bis events at tho Southern Spring 7iioetlngs. His ensage monits include the Cnillleld and Melbourne Cupb rnu thp V.R.C Derby. In tho Caul field Cup iho has Oft 91b, and he may have bomcihlng to say in the aetitlemcnt of thai raco, though he will lme a hard nut 'to craok in one of his own ago In Cranberry, from whom he i3 leceiviug onlj a pound. Last jcar the Threo auJ Four-ycar-olil Hnnuicap was \\.011 by Hyraettm, who sub sequently accounica ior me \jaumtriu \u\ni. J. J.. Allan, is sai,l to h-jro had a jjondor^ ful escape fro™ seriou3~ Injury *hsn Cintrs, well with him nt Flc-mlngton on Saturday, 'iho male ?lppiai ed,lo come down on him, and tor some seconds only tho lower p -r- tlon of AJlau's do ly could bo been clear of the mare. However, ho escaped with slight concuii'.on of tho brain. Ho had reason to be llmnkful tho going was soft, as an c\ amtnatlnn of tho epot where the accident happened ehowod that 'the weight of the horse on iho jockey.'3 head had: made a cfculnr indentntiBn in tho ground. It Is. simply astonls'hin'g what some of th(.*e cro=s-couutry uders can Btaud in l)ho way 01 falls. Only tho otocr day, at Rand wlck, we saiw W'halley get a tumble ua, Unity hard enough to kill an average lndl \idual, but beyond being a bit shaken up' he waj little the wtcsb five iulniitc-3 after. A sensational ghosting afiray, In -which the well-known joekey, James llajes, tnd Jeitmhih Heffcrnap, a horse-owner, am 9 concerned, took placo a't Canlllcld on Suj day morning. Hayes ajid lietternaa hmo not been on tho best of terms for somo tluv- past, and It appears itiie laitter arrived at i'is home at Caulfleld at 32 o'clock on Sat urday night In a state of c\cltcineut bonloi mg on fron/.y, and shortly after loft, tak'ng '-icn Jilm a double-barrel foivling-pli-'Ci1. About twenty minutes past 12 Hayen says he was awakened by Helfernan making a low on the verandah suirounalng his resi dence, and calling on him to 'come out and surrender ' Immediately after, it is .il Irficd,- a chaigo of shot camo cr.i3b.iu; through a front window, Bud then two more windows veio tmnshed In the same wav. Afte.waids a shot was fired through tai boards of the hou^c, apparently at very close lange, for tho pellets of sr-ot struck off spL.ctcrti of wood ti-om tho board3 of a room which was occupied by a boy nanuM Henry Gabell, employed in Haje-3' stalbles 'i'ho lad, on his employer's advice, lay still in bed, and the shitterod glnss caused by another shot firo.1 lluough tho 'window, tell upon his bed. Hetfernaji then bioko open tho stable dooi, 'and 'threatened to shoot tno lacehorscs tiaoro. Alarmed by tho un uoual eoTiuno-tion. l»io animals -were in a highly noivous cond-.tion. Ono of then broke from Its loose- bo\, and lushed ou: post Heffeinan, who, It Is alleged, filed a: It twice as it did so, same of tho poll.'cs nL-lklng it ou Iu oft slioulUer. ' Ilcdvi naa was ^ubscnueutly arrested on a charge of shooting \rlllh intent, and was before -tbo ^lah'c?ru Court on Monday. In England theio nro many amateur ?trainers now as well Oi amateur jockeys, while some enterprising young men ciga^o in both branches of the profession with lu doailtuble assurance and enci'sy Owrltw 'Ranker' of the 'lllustialtcl Spo:'tilng anil DraniuU'c News ') 'i'ho work suits them, of course, oj they wouM not bo paM to do it. Hero is, peiohnnco, a new opening toi our bojs, It they possess thu necessary phy sical qualification 1 and pluck. Parents and guardians may now Uhlb faint vwth aUvnu 'tf.gp to thaiuolre3 If not to tooce i.honi thoy desire to get rid ot vlth as little itrou'blo ami c\ponso as possible. At Hhe preseat ilimo 'tlioro are sundry youths cn' ployed ur-dw National Hunt rules who me able ilo mako a eort of llvlug by risking tl'rir diock In 'Ippplnp' races, although tholr connections are assumed to 1)0 respec table, mid 'they piefer t'lla gay sporting llfu to anv other Which involves a persistence in su-Uy lndustiy and dull regular mpala without wlno.' It Is whispered, for ovample, In lu«pirad elides that c-no clover youth of th'id type.iwjio has not long entered for I'ho gaimc, anH wfaoso parents ibrough-t him u,- w 1th a view to clerical honors, is now train ing and ridlnc for bookmaJiere. Goaslp ?funthor Insliiuato3 that If ho misses a ? ohinco of Rotting a-iythlng, It Is because he 1s aik-ep, or Is informed on i-oo-l authonllj that tho fo\ has sono the other vrtiy. One notoblochar.iotorlsllc ot the voullifulsports mon of 'Dho day Is thait thoy Uo tr}'- Some ar« ptopaied, on tho shortest notice, to .?L33U1HO ithe manusement ot a large titilnlng oslabliahmt'iU, nltlhough their kno-i.-lodKJ and experleiTce ot training are, at tho best, intuitive or apocryphal. Wo cannot got horsca fit simply by coiinmon-scnso and ? oollepo odueatlon TOoro must bo uoma wisdom ncqulicd actually In thostabl&s.; Tlio story is tohl at Nenvurarkot— and if It wore not true, and did noil servo to IllinuliMtJ out 'tpxt. woisihbuldMoavo it until anothrr time— ttot a local o-cport was asked how a cor-Uln nev,- '^ma'tair' tialnor ma;uifio-l 0 ctit 'throush Ills work, 'lie looks at It.'; ropll(\l tho expert, 'aud calls his hcoJ lad. Ho 'has 1 gocl head lofl, and ithis is m fact: If th-?r.o,v.Qre no good head Iad3 there vvoull bo uo bid amateur trainers. ' 