SAILING NOTES. , (By 'WEATHER-EYE,') Mr. C. D. Wallaco and his brother, v/ho recently purchased Mr. Gurrard's well known yacht Snyonara, announced tholr in tention, nt a smoke concert given by the Royal Ynclit Club of Victoria last week, of challenging New South Wales to sail for tho Intercolonial Challenge Cup. It is now twclvo yenra ago since tho lato Sir William Clarko sent tho Janet to Sydney to compoto poto for this Cup, which Mr. A. G. Mllson's Waltancl was then bo successful in win ning for tlio homo colony. The nowa, there fore, of a repetition of Intercolonial rivalry with tho Southern capital Is Indeed wel come, and should tend to give yachting hero a good HCt to tho foro this coming season. A meeting of the North Sydnoy Sailing Club will bo held this evening at tho club's rooms, BIuu's Point, to consider tho report and balance-sheet and to receive nomina tions of ofllccra for tho ensuing season. Wo are told that that Imperial yachts man, tho Emperor William of Germany, has been saying groat things and doing much— on shore — lu connection with recent Euro pean yachting. At Lubeck ho made a glow ing speech. Ho eald, and tho words aro characteristic, 'that tlio flag that my Grandfather, like Nelson before him (was Nolson mado In Germany ?), not only tied, but nailed to the mast, may only bo brought down again when It pleases God, and then, I trust, with honor.' Well, this may be as it may; but with all that, and tho speeches which are his own, thrown in, let us say this with all sincerity, that the yachting world Is proud of the Kaiser's enthusiastic and practical patronage. Meteor Is the best boat of her kind In European waters, and sho belongs to thl3 William the louuacious. When Shamrock wins tho America Cup, tho Ger man may como upon tho scene — and con quer. Iu writing of Columbia, tho now Ameri can Cup defender, tho Yankee Journalists do not inince matters, but come straight to tho point. Tho following Is nn extract from an American paper: — 'Everybody who has seen and studied the Columbia is confident that shois tho flnoBt yacht ever built, and that tho Shamrock has no more chance ot beating her than the British ot taking back tho whole United States.' This in print certainly looks hopeful for tho States, but hold hard, Uncle Sam: wait till tho Cup crosses tho Atlantic, and you havo to build a vessel strong enough to reach tho other side of tho herring pond In safety, and then conipeto against the Britisher. Then let us hear what you havo to say on tho sub-: ?Jocf.-, Thus an English sporting paper in com menting upon the America Cup conditions: 'Tho yachts are built for tho contest at a ' great . cost, and ono ol' the stipulations is .that tho challenger must cross tho Atlantic on her' own bottom, which menus a strong ly constructed vessel, whereas tho Cnp.de fonder can be built ot tho most flimsy ma terial in America, just sufficiently strong to enable her to sail from Rhode Island to New York, and then, at the risk of a break down, meet the British craft on what is termed an outside course, from Sandy Hook or the Scotland Lightship. The conditions are most unfair to the challenger, and were never contemplated by the original donors of tho Royal Yacht Squadron Cup, tho prin cipal, Mr. Stevens, being one of tho finest sportsmen of any generation, and his letter of gift to the Now York Yacht Club, which has been so sadly mauled by tho surviv ing donor, proves this.' Apropos the foregoing, from an American point of view: 'Tho danger point in tho overgrown modern raclnK yacht lies not at all in tho stability of the hull, but in tho question whethei: her rigging will stand.'.' ?? ?? ? ' ???? Columbia's boom measures 100ft 8in in length, '-.while her mainmast is 107ft 5lu over all. ' Tho area ot hdr mainsail alono' is' 7,475 square feet, .being. 1.170ft greater: thnn the maiuBail of the Defender., The total-sail area, of the now yacht is 19.945 square feet, thi3 area of sail being divi ded as follows: Mainsail, 7,475 square feet: jib, 1850 square 'feet; topsail, 1-100 'square .feet;,: jibtonsall,. ICiO square ^feet,. and ,the, spinnaker,' '7000 square 'feet. (':,W ' - : '?? UV series of International races ot a very: Inlarestlng character -word -sailcd'about.tho ? 'middle'-'o'I June last In' Canadian waters be-; r'tweeu; Dominion, t'ho -1808 defender, of. the: Soawanhtika International Challenge Cup,: and Yankee; a representative of tho White Bear -YiC.' Both boats are freaks of the i most extromo type, Yankee being a.. scow with. a llat .bottom, ivtille. Dominion is a catamaran, to which, it will be remembered, as the- representative .defender of. the Sea wanhnka Cup, excoptlon wns taken by tho Americans last year. The races were sailed ou Lake St. Louis, and- after some capital sport resulted in a decisive victory for the Canadian boat. On tho first day in a light broezo- Dominion hud a lead of upwards of 10 minutes 'at -tho finish. In tho second race, ,vvhicn was sauea m a naru. oreeze and rough water, the Canadian boat,' when! leading, lost her mast over the side, and had Ito retire. Tho two following races wero both won by, Dominion, making her the winner of tho series as well' (asiof. a handsome cup presented by Commodore James Ross, ot the R. St. Lawrence Y.Cr ' Tho .inauguration .at, Greenock of the, Clyde fortnight on Juno 2S, when tho West o£ Scotland Yacht' Olub 'ledoff with its re- eatta, was anything but' a success- from 'a meteorological point of; view. , It rained^ practically all the time the regatta, was in' progress. -The chief event on the card ivas tho 52-fdoters', match. For this there were six starters, and Caprice signalised' -her initial appearance on the Clyde *by winning a well-sailed '?; race.: '?? Senga and Ponitent. ?were her next attendants, .the 'former arriv ing home ?10. seconds in advance ot, Peni- tent..- Curiously, enough: these threo.. boats finished in exactly tho same places the day, 'following at the ^oyal Western Y.C. 'rer gatta.!.;vAti,this. latter event the. Co-footer, class v/as only represented by Eollii . and Asirild, the .winner being found 'in tho new, ?iboat, : Eqlln. ' 'At, tho Royal Largs regatta the,Vnext. day; ^however,, the Clyde .boat had ?her, revengo'by 'beating Eelln'. At this re-' gat'taboth Scuga and Penitent turned tho tables on' Caprice. All interest centred in. !the appearahceot Mr.Orr- Ewlng's schooner Rainbow at the regatta of the Royal North ern Yacht'Club. Bono, was Rainbow's only opporiont':in' this race. '? For two-thirds ot tho course 'tlio schooner kopt In tho van In .weather distinctly In favor ot tho cutter. Av couple of twists to windward, however, .'before ''tho linlsh settled any chanco the Bohobhor-'had. Astrlld scored another vic tory ovor Eolln, partly on account of tho 'ghosting' qualities sho developed- for the occasion, andi the fact that Eeliu gat hung up for a while. . Tho latter dropped so com pldtel'y out ;.of tho ? match .between these two that rshe gave up.; Of tho halt-dozen. 52-f poters. ? competing. Caprice once more showed up Ibest.'and.lod Forsa homo by a fair stretch, with rPonJtont third. The se cond day's ? Wiping of the Royal Northern, was characterised by a good. deal of carry ing away of spars, to say nothing of somo minor -accidents. Bona carried away her bobstny, Eolln her topmast, and'itwo other' ynohts lost their gaffs. ? As Bona had only Rainbow for an opponent, and Astrlld was Eolln's- only antagonist, tho breakdowns spoiled ;-both races. Thev52-footors' ma'tch 'compensated. In no small inoasuro for what 'tho .other ovonts. lost In Interest. Songa. going to windward splendidly In the hard broeze and smooth water, Is. said to nearly always have had tho pull over Caprice. Penitent ?again sailed third.' ' ' . Tho':'AUBtrallan Cup, ynluo £50, annually presented to' tho Royal Yacht Squndron by Mr. ,C. Gibson f Millar, 'of- Melbourne, was eitllod dt'Uho Cowcs regntta on August 4,' and Ayas won by Mr. Busing's Sentn. 