WITHUT A HOME. Br Mas. BaEx, CHAPTER VL A REaCTION. S"She keeps so still that I feel had about her," said Landlord White to his wife the next morn ing after Amy had been imprisoned in the shed. "Just go and take a peep at her to see that she isn't al together dead." "Oh, you big baby 1 I believe you're afraid that she is dead," an swered the woman. "But to please you I'll peep in on her." How busy Dave was just then, cramming down his food as if he never expected to see another break fast, not daring to look up lest his face should betray him. ' Why, the door is unlocked, and the girl gone!"' said the woman, in surprise. -'-= - - -..:_ "Gone?" cried Dave and the landlord in a breath, springing to their feet at the same time, and rushing to the shed. "Yes, she's gone," repeated Mrs. White, a look of baflledrage coming over her face,"and some one helped her, too. Was it you ?:' she asked, turning sharply on the boy. \- "Me ?'Mhther White, who do you take me for I After your warning last night, it is hardly likely that I would interfere again. Besides, you locked the door, and I hain't no keys of yours, have I ?" "Neot that I know of," she re plied, in a softer tone, completely deceived by his manner and look of innocence. - "I guess that the spirits, which the people are talking so much about, helped her to get away," he sid, after a few moments of anxi. ous deliberation. " Get out of this, you young ras cal, with your stories of hobgoblins and spirits. Who says there are ghosts in this house ?" asked the woman, every nerve in her body shaking with superstitious dread. A new idea flashed into Dave's brain. "I say so. I see a ghost every night walking in the long passage near your room, moaning and wringing her hands. I have stood and watched her, and I know it is Amy's mother, for she keeps talking about her child." The boy did not stop to consider that ghosts are not usually invested with colloquial powers, atleast not since the days of Hamlet, and his listeners took no note of it, for they stood, with distended eyes, drink ing in every word, as the boy en larged on the appearance of the un earthly apparition, with the tradi tional white gown floating about her. "And if the girl should be dead -drowned herself, for instance not a soul in this house '11l be able to sleep for the moaning---" e But Dave didn't finish the son tence, for his mistress made a plunge at him, which he dextrously avoided, and fled from the kitchen, taking refuge in the stable, and gave ex pression to some of the boisterous mirth that was convulsing him with laughter. Two hours after the lad re-entered the inn, bearing in his hand a soaked shoe, such as Amy had worn the evening before, and held it up to the mistress. "It is hers, and I found it swim min' on the meadow spring. The water looked so black and mad-like that I almost turned sick." ro The conviction seemed to come on her by degrees that she had driven the girl to commit suicide, but when it settled itself into truth, every vestige of colour left her face, and she fled from the room. Upstairs her husband found her, and at once suggested that the spring be dragged for the body. "No, no," she cried, in alarm. " Would you have me known as the one who drove her to it? Just you say a word about it, and I'll make ' The Seven Stars' too warm to hold you." " But Dave will tell it if I don't," persisted the man. "Leave that to me,"' she replied, "If he breathes a whisper to any one, he'll not get tile chance to drown himself." So it was arranged that the body should remain where it was for the time. Word was sent to Jones' that Amy had run away from tihe hotel, and totally indifferent to her fate, they made no inquiries about her. The days floated by, the days ran into weeks, a month had passed, and secure in the fearful silence that shrouded the terrible tragedy, the inmates of the tavern settled down to the old life. To he sure, the woman often started guiltily, and turned white at every unwonted sound. How ever, this fear was growing less, and some of the old asperity was com ing back to her face, 'when, stand ing in the door-way one morning, she w.a sight that made her heart cease beating for a moment. At one glance she recognised the visitors, and rushed up to her room as the couple drew their horses up at the door. Peeping through the blinds to find out if they had really stopped, she saw the centleman lift the girl from the saddle, and she exclaimed: "It is her! It is Edith Mere dith!" CHAPTER VII. UNPLEASANT QUESTIONS. "The lady is asking for me, did you say, Dave ? Just tell her that I'll be down in a moment Why are you standing there, staring at me like a fool I" "'Cause you look mighty like a ghost:' was the imprudent reply of the boy, as he gazed at the white face of the woman he had come to summon. A look of rage flashed into her eyes, and coming closer to the lad, she caught him roughly by the Italy's incomefr fmn foreign viiitors is £8,~0,000o a year. I, Rome the hotels as' botalinghosesarebuiltoen expensive scales. ncck. "Don't you say a word about that girl if they ask you, or I'll choke you,just so I" and her fingers closed tightly over his throat. He made an effort to disengage himself, as a ray of intelligence shot into his eyes. lie knew now why the woman looked so pale and shook like a leaf, for he had seen the beautiful girl down stairs be fore, and like a flash, it came to him that she was the one that Amy had told him about. "Let go my neck, and I'll pro mise you anything," he said. "And keep it, too ?" "Yes, indeed. Trust mo to keep my word. Dave Roberts never forgets a promise." The fingers relaxed their hold, and, breathing more freely, the boy departed to report that the mistress would be along as soon as possible. When he was gone, Mrs. White took down the dress that she had worn to Amy's aunt's, more than six weeks before, and hastily made her toilet, smoothing her hair as she looked about for the glasses which she wore before strangers, because it looked more respectable, she thought. Not finding them, she mechanic ally thrust her hand into her pocket and pulled out-not the glasses but the money that Amy had been accused of stealing. This did not serve to calm her troubled mind, but putting on the best face pos sible, she went down, smiling and bowing to the lady and gentleman with an obsequiousness that nearly upset Edith's gravity. Oscar at once broached the sub ject. "My sister tells me that she, on a former occasion, met a young girl here. Can we see her ?" " To be sure you could, if the dear child was here; but a terrible acci dent has happened since your sister eaw her. The creek was very high, and just as the poor girl was cross ing it she fell in, and that's the last that has ever been heard of her." " It is very strange that we heard nothing of this,and living not more than eight miles from here," replied the gentleman, suspiciously. "Was the body never found ?" asked Edith, with a face as pale as a pond lily. "Bless your heart, the water was too high for anything of that kind. Couldn't begin to drag the stream with that flood rushing along." "What was her name 1" asked Oscar, abruptly. "Amy Jones. Now I come to think of it, your sister married a Jones, didn't she ?"' "My sister's marriage has nothing to do with the subject, madam. Please confine yourself to it in your remarks;' was the haughty reply. Edith, I can see no use in our re maining here any longer." "Nor L Oh, Oscar, who could have dreamed of our mission ending in this way ?" and the tear's sprang to her eyes. He bent his head, and whispered: "Bo calm, Edith. Don't parade your sorrow before these people, or our secret will be theirs." She hastily dried up her tears, and passed out, leaning on her brother's arm, bravely keeping back the griefthat was swelling her bosom. The horses were waiting, held by the landlord; and lifting his sister into the saddle, Oscar tossed the man a crown for his trouble, and they galloped away. Miss Mere dith was a good rider, but it re quired all her skill to keep her seat, as, turning a sudden bend in the road, her horse gave a quick plunge, and shied to the other side of the turnpike. "What do you mean 1" asked the gentleman sharply of a boy, who had jumped over the fence and scared the animal "I mean to be here just now," was the sullen reply. "That's a nice way to talk to a person when ho wants to be of use to you. Oh, golly i didn't that old woman lie like the dickens 1" "Do you know anything of the girl, Amy Jones '' asked Oscar, a dim perception dawning on his mind that he should get at the truth from the boy. " More'n sho'd like me to toll" pointing in the direction of the house, and shaking his fist in a vin dictive manner-" for she said she'd choke me to death if I opened my mouth." "Go on, go on," cried Oscar iInd Edith at once. "Well, I will; if you'll give me a little time," replied Dave, pufling and blowing. "It took mighty fast running to get here beforo you, and I'm almost out of breath: About two weeks after you folks drove away in such high glee, Mother White came into the kitchen and told Amy that sihe had robbed her. The girl turned like a ghost, and almost swore that she hadn't seen the money, but the woman shut her up in the wood-shedi, saying thalt she should stay there till she con fessed. I tried to keep her out, but the old one pitched me to the other side of the kitchen, and threw the poor thing in more dead than alive. I was canting ecough for her, though, and after they were all asleep I stole down and took Amy out to the:pump, washed her face till she came to, and gavo her all the money I had to take her to New York. Mother White really believes that she is drgwned,fcr I brought in a shoe next morning, letting on that I found 'it in thle water. I did, but I put it there, too." "Did Amy know any one in Newr; York 1" asked the gentleman. "An old woman that used to keep house for her fatherm She thought that she could find her." "Great lleaven I" cried Oscar. growing pale in an instant. "Just think of that child, alone in the great city, without home, firiends,or money, hunting for a per-on, who may hare moved a dozen times since she kn:ew her. Edith, she had far better be lying beneath the cold waves, I fear." "You don't think she has come to harm, do you ?" asked the lad. The sugar exports frmu queenslasl for the past fortnight amountedt ', 5273 tons. The total from let June is 09,'t2d tons, "It is impossible to think other wise. But you meant well, and your secret shall be kept, for the time at least." " You'll try to find her, may be 1" said Dave, doubtfully. "1 shall leave no means untried to do so. Can I aid you in any way ?" asked Oscar. "If you can help me to a situa tion, where Icould find time to pick up a little learning from books now and then, I'd be mighty much obliged to you." "Do you want an edcuation ?" asked the gentleman,looking at him in some surprise. "More than anything on earth," answered Dave, with an eagerness that almost traniligured his homely, freckled face into a hladsisuo one. "I promised my mother on her dy ing bed to learn all I could-to study hard if I got the chance." "1'll remember your kindness to Amy," was the gentleman's brief reply. "Good-bye." CHIAPTER VIII. ALONE. T"e feeling of loneliness that came over Amty, when she fully realized that she was lost in the great city, baffles description; and sinking down on a step, weary and hungry, the girl began to cry. The beauti ful faith in a divine power, which bad been instilled into her mind from early infancy, seemed to recede from her. Presently a man's foot steps sounded on the pavement of the lonely street near her, and she jumped to her feet with a cry of alarm. The stranger came close enough to speak. " Don't be alarmed," he said, " I'll not hurt you. What are you doing out so late 1" His tone and kindly manner re assured her, and going toward him, she exclaimed: "Oh, dear, kind sir, I am lost. Please, will you put me into Thirty-second street ? I have just arrived here, and must look for my friends." The pale beams from a neighbor ing gas-lamp fell on her face, and its exquisite beauty struck the man at once. Turning to the light he took out his watch. " A beautiful girl lost in this great city at two o'clock in the morning! Who'll be the wiser if she's never heard from at home ?" he thought, "Have you any friends ?" he asked, aloud. " None except the one I am look tug for;' was the imprudent reply. "I am an orphan." A gleam of triumph shot into the man's eyes. "Suppose you go home with me to-night, and find your friends in the morning," he said, in an insinuating tone. "You are very, very kind to me. Papa always told me that God would answer prayer, and I was praying when you caine along. I am sure He sent you to help nme," she added, eagerly, ashamed of the weak doubts that had arisen in her hour of peril. The gentleman-lie was well dressed, and called himself one smothered an exclamation of dis gust before it left his lips, and draw ing her hand through his arm, hurried her along at a rapid pace. After fifteen minutes of fast walk ing, he paused before a handsome house, took out a latch-key, un locked the door, and ushered his strange guest into his home. She entered without a doubt of honour of the man, felt no misgivings for the future, and laid her head on the soft pillow, when she was shown to her room, with a prayer of thanks on her lips to the rather, who had been so mindful of her. (To be Contimctl.) 