:A -BID FOR A FORTUNE. "I have talked to you very frankly,". she said, "but I believe in sudden friend -sahip:" "You have honored Inc highly," I an '.swered. What else could a man say ' She was a very pretty g!,rl ,'ith tragic , grey eyes. "Am I mad?" she asked next. "Don't people often want to die?" "Not mad," I cried. "only original. There seems no reason why you should feel unhappy and anxious to be rid of :life; but probably yc . have not told me -all." We were fellow passengers in one of the daily steamers plying between Do rich and Courtwich, had stepped off the ,Dier of the little seaside place together, and were bound 'for the larger tgown otherwise we were strangers. I. af ar tist, was visiting Courtwich for the sake of its quaint old buildings. Marcia Vane was returning from Paris to meet her brother and her fiance. She told me her history during the half hour we had spent on board. Her wedding with Mordaunt North was to take place next month, and her brother Arthur was staying in Courtwich for that reason. We had got into conversation about a paper parcel which she had dropped in to the water and I had rescued: it con tained MIordaunt North's portraits, which were, fortunately, uninjured. Was she really mad ? Could it be possible? I gazed at her clear-cut face as.. she leaned' back, wrappeT, in :her :long+ý'blue cloak, against the wooden seat beside me; her skin was smooth and' rosy;' her mouth quite firm, but there was a des perate look in her "vild grey eyes. This girl was coming home to England to marry the man she declared she loved, after travelling for pleasure in Europe with a widowed friend, a Mrs Keswick. Then why was that pathetic expression in her gaze? The hour was early morning. There were not many passengers on board, and the steamer was entering the wide mouth of the River Marwell, passing distant banks Which were low and reedy, where grey herons stood motionless among. the sedges. Miss Vane shivered. "What a desolate spot ! . . . Yet I 'should like to lie at rest under that green water. . . . . I am cold. . .. and ill. . . Can you get me some brandy?" Her face had grown quite white. As I hurried away= I saw her slip along the bench behind the tall piles of trunks which she had brought with her, so that she' was completely hidden from the other passengers. When I returned bearing the brandy. Miss Vane had disappeared. I searched the steamer for her-in vain; then . I told my tale to the authorities, to whom, fortunately, I was well known. As soon as I had repeated the girl's strange words the listeners were all of one opinion. St:i had slipped overboard-purposely. . All the passengers but one were keenly in terested in. the tragedy. The exception was a young man who wore black whis kers and a green shade over his eyes; he slumbered peacefully on the bench opposite. "Could he have :-een anything?" 1 asked. "No, sir; he's as fast off as a baby-, and he's a Frenchman," was the contenlp tuous answer. ..... So Fate had placed me in.the midst of a tragedy. I was obliged to tell my tale again and again; to witness its effect upon Miss Vane's brother and Mordaunt North, her fiance, and to remain in Courtwich until the case had been finally described as one of "Suicide while of un sound mind." Marcia Vane's body was not yet re covered. Her trunks were delivered to her brother, who returned the disappoint ed bridegroom all his love letters. Poor Mordaunt North! I had liked his face in his portraits, but my heart went out to him when we met in such sad cir cumstances. He bore his awful loss like a hero, but it was evident that life for him had parted with all its sunshine. In simplest, often broken sentences he told me that he had loved Marcia for herself, not for the large fortune she had inherited from an aunt. I could well be lieve it; ,there was honesty written upon this brow. Arthur Vane I disliked immensely; he affected to feel his sister's loss most bit terly,.but I caught him laughing heart ily with his chums one night. Her will left all her wealth to him. Before I left 'Courtwich Mordaunt North and I were firm friends, and he had asked me to write to him; Arthur Vane endeavored to keep us apart. Heaven alone knew why!. Marcla's brother left the town when I did. He was going ito see MIrs Keswick, his poor sister's travelling companion, to find out more details of what seemed to have been a strangely sudden failure of mental health. \- Before three months were past I heard from Mordaunt that Julia IKeswick and Arthur Vane were engaged. II. An artist who travels a great deal na turally comes into contact with many strange people, and sees odd happenings in different lands, but I could not forget my most peculiar experience, that talk with the girl on board the Courtwitch steamer, and her subsequent suicide. That autumn I paid a flying visit to ?fordaunt North before starting for Italy. I felt a thrill of horror as the steamer passed over the green-water be neath which IMarcia Vane was lying. It was just such another morning, cold Jooking and windy,: with the solemn her ons standing motionless by the banks and islets. North was a changed man in appear ance. ance with grey streaks in his fair beard and deep lines across his brow. He made me tell him again and again all I could remember about the tragedy. "I can't understand it!" was his con stant cry. "Marcia was the,brightest, bravest of girls, and our love was a joy to us both. How could her mind become clouded? Her letters were overflowing with expressions of happiness .. . Let me show you her photograph." He led me into his bedroom, up to a large portrait which hung 'upoir the Wall,' "I could not show you-her photograph when you were here before," he said, .'for the only one I possessed had been sent, at her request, to a shop in Paris to be tinted. It got lost in transit, but this is copied from anbther 6f the same kind which I was fortunate enough .to be able to obtain from the original photo grapher. MIarcia never liked being taken; even her brother had no portrait of her." That he talked on rapidly was a com fort to me, for I could not have spoken a word at that moment. Miy brain was in a whirl. I could only feel the advisa bility.of not stabbing his wounded heart afresh! . . 3y .M . discovery might mean joy or sorrow.for his future! For the portrait before me was not 'that of the girl with whom I had talked on board the boat. "She--she had wonderful grey eyes," I murmured at last. ."Not grey; hazel, almost brown," said M\ordaunt, thoughtfully. "Tell me, does that look like the face of a woman who would ever drown herself? Mly poor wild darling!" "No, indeed, it does not." III. Mlarcia Vane's death placed her brother fn possession of her fortune. Marcia Yane was not the woman who had com 2tnitted suicide from the Courtwich steamboat. These were the two facts .which I bore in my mind every 'second of the day and night. Had Arthur Vane persuaded some already desperate wo man to kill herself while personating his :Sister? Impossible! Yet some explana ition must exist, and 'ane should make ,it to me some day! "My journey to Italy was postponed; I :stayed in London until I heard, in le 'cember, that Mr and Mrs Arthur Vane were spending their honeymoon in Cairo. An experisive Journey.for me!-but on Christrmas Day I was standing on the steps of a well-known Cairo hotel, hav ing just made a. call upon Marcia's brother. I. had. said nothing to alarm him; her( had soon got:over the first shock of see- I Ing me, and I was resolved to arrange 1 a lonely meeting with him soon, when, at .the pistol's mouth, he should explain the mystery of Marcia's disappearance. As I turned Quickly away I encounter ed a lady who was ascending the steps. It was Marcia herself--at least, I no-it was the woman, calling herself I Marcia Vane, who had talked with me 1 on board the Courtwich steamboat. "Look out, Julia!" cried a girl who was t with her. Her eyes.met mine-she turned white t as a ghost:pand would have hurried in doors- had'I not clasped her hand as though in greeting. "How do you do, Mrs Vane?" I said, aloud. (Julia KIeswick. now Julia Vane, beyond doubt! My mind was beginning to unravel the mystery!) . t . The companion had left us, so I added in a whisper:. . "You cannot escape me. If you want to buy my silence come to this address, alone, in an hour's time, and with a t cheque for a thousand pounds." She glanced at my card, then flashed a look of gratitude upon me. "I will come." . : She came. Directly' we were alone she, laid the cheque- on .,the table? before me..... -'. -h "'Mlarcia Vaje will have to be rescued," I said.quietly. "Where is she?" . "You will give us time to escape with our money to a safe' country before you communicate with her?" "If I interfere I can scarcely venture to make use of this," was my answer, while fingering the cheque. "True. M Marcia is in charge of a Dr and Mrs Murray in Paris; they have several sham lunatics. I will order them to release Marcia in a montl%'s time." "How did you manage in that steamer, you clever woman?" A vile light gleamed in her. grdy. eyes. "I did not go overboard, but dis guised myself quietly behind my trunks, thrusting my woman's hat and cloak into one of them: -Black whiskers and a green shade soon changed a. face." "You 'were the sleeping Frenchman?" "Yes; no one saw him go on deck, but his ticket was taken all right, so the authorities were unsuspicious." "Your motive was plain enough." "No doubt. I loved Marcia's brother, but vwe weretoo poor to wed, so I plan ned how to obtain Marcia's fortune. Now my husband and I will leave Europe for some spot where the law cannot touch us., That thousand pounds will pay you well for a month's silence." "I am perfectly satisfied," I replied, tearing the cheque into fragments, as two detectives stepped- from behind a screen. "Trapped!" cried- the woman, hoarse ly. "AY." I said, "for Mordaunt North's. sake." The real Marcia Vane was soon set. free, and it was my proud privilege to escort.her down to Courtwich-by raill She had been well cared for. I shall never forget the. radiance of Mordaunt's face 'ashis eyesrested once again on the original of his cherished portrait; indeed, my memory is not .likely- to part with any incident of that tragedy on board the Couirtwich steam boat. 