THE RIBBOHMAH O'KEEFFE. . Ihe fox mast sleep fometime, Ibo wild deer mort rest; .An' treaohery ml* PreT on the heart tv the berst.' SHAMUS O'Brien. CYB see that elaab np there in the face iv the mountain down epieoo raddle wars from the white cap iv the snow ? Yes, that s it. ?Well, ehure its called the cave iv daughter, and was the hiding place iv Jim O'Keeffe, the Bibbonman, in tho dark tima that s gone; There's a patch Iv brown rock in front ; and iv a Bummer's evening whin tba tm is going down, bebind tho shoulder of tho hill there, Into the Itlantic, the last taste iv a glance he throws on these parts is on that slice iv rook and makes it as red as blood. And tho boys and girls coming in from the fields, looking at it cays, blessing thpirselsand whispering ' The blood iv the Bibbonman is shining very streng to-night. > May God pnrteot ns from all hurt orham." Iv a bol fire night too, wi in the boys aro baulmg ¿own the furzî and the bog aldber and tho Tig bundles iv the heath to make tho fire here in the borheen, and keep the blight off tte potaty garden, I go bail there's not van iv thim wonld put a bill-hook into that ride iv the moartain for fear iv disturbing the ltft eleep iv tte Bibbonman O'Keeffe ' and thc false-hearted, beautiful girl who's there buried near hun, or the soijers who've their lodving till the LaBt Day in the bog mould iv Gorrin. Story is itf WiEha 'tip the pityful story, and some iv the wemin don't be in the beater of hearing it, and will set np crying and ullaccnin', wbifk is tho nathare iv the croîtherp. Faith, I hear me grMidfathf r, forty years apo, telling it over and over again,"ecltlng down in tho chimbley corner, li jb«iÉp bis pipe wid a dhry potaty stalk to pice a flavour to the hit iv tcbacoy. Bcgor it's oitin it gov mesclf a fhake thim times goree up to bed, afterwards thinking and Sbn-imrg iv blood and murther and ghosts and bar.ffcee« ; a yoong gossoon that had no rime en' was afeard iv the shadows the heel iv (ti' fire was making on the wall. B.' whet me gran'father tould me it all toot piree after the battle iv Vinegar Hill. The odd oauee was gone to the mischief, and the poe people wes slaughtering be ganff" iv soljers end Beeeians who were tremlrcsmg around the ccnthry sting and dhriciiDfl: and tnurthern' ba Marshal Liw for fafisfcc'.itB, Bnd to quieürg the Bebels, es er ffcid, after tte Bebellion. You oou'.du't call a horse or a cow or a bin or e bsyyurth yer own, to say nothing iv yer BOW! r.nd ródy ; and tbo diril a Fnnff iv a cancl- could ye light after nightfall for fear ir drawing the soljers to the house and they icniiiDir ya for thrayeou. Mci-t ir the boys around this place that wasn't shot orhnng took to tho mountains; living on the rabbits and hares and the dhrop iv potheen, and taking viugacce whin they see tte opportunity. Woe betide the Red Cost that wonld dare to eh ow his nos» np the ftfe'iv Gorrin. Many'e the porty fight was in and around here, I can tell you, whin the toys weald stale down wid their pikes in their hands, and take a gang iv the soljers unawares, and lave thim there wid their backs in the bog a male for the crows and hawks. Sometimes you'd find as manyas balf a dc zen iv the soljers hanging from "the three thc re bèyant at the cross roads, in the actniut ; thin the people knew that the Ribfcocmen were ont the night before. SoDiC'mee again 'twas some docent father and mother's child from the village you'd find caught and hanged be the soljers, or maybe lying dead down in a drain or a bog hole wid a gash in his breast, after crawling io, the craythur, for a dhrink iv wather to tia- 'hf fayer that was burning in bia inside. Tl» head of all the Bibbonmen was Jim Ö'hV' äe, e strapping man, I hear me grand father say, pix feet in bis stocking vamps, and a carpenthcr be trade. Ha was tidy at settlitR the handled for the croppy pikes, nod ne t(:ocg and as courageous a boy as ever took to the mountains to strike a blow for poer Ireland. Ged help us, 'twas little ose for him in the ind. What between the soljers always coovin', no matter how many you kilt, and picking Dfi or Luging wan tuan Ibis time and an Whir the next time, at Jong last he came to Bave co won enly himself, and it's np there abide he was in the cave wid nothing for iSDiN|,f ty hui his onld flint lock iv a gun. ?BVd creep ¿own sometimes, end whin the troopers was galloping »psst on the road «re d be the report of the gun, and wan Mdje^ould be a bit lighter, or maybe two ii be got thfe chance, and the Sassenach jsfljer would have a could resting place on lie side iv thn road wid his brains in the fitch, for O'Keeffe couldn't afford to mi» a eliot, not having tho pdwdher to spare. As for hitching him wanst he had the et art through the bogs and hills, faith I you might as well thick Iv fcetcbing the lightning. If ht got bis heel» into toe shaky bog they ocnldn't follow him because there was only one way through it, and they didn't know i that ; and if yon missed ycr footing going ifthrr him, you'd be swallowed down and uiver heard of again. The shaky bog ran ' vp to the foot iv the mountain-there ! KU can tee lt yereelf stretching away there btyant the fields; ! At length and at lest the Government said, I suppose, they'd stand it no longer, seeing all thtir soljers going for nothing, and bate be wan man ; and, faith, they put ont a re ward foi O'Keeffe, dead or alive, and sint a bill a regiment of soljers in the village to take him be fair means or foal, and find out where the divil he was biding at all. HowBomever, wid all the searching end or«! hackling and rewards, no wan would tell through the. maces iv being so fond iv O'Keeffe, and hating the name iv an in former that rans down wid curses through tte riven generations.f . Moreover, they didn't kow where ho WM hiding ; no wan I btw that but hie sweetheart, Kathleen O'Mflore- and shute 'twas the misfortune «j lot him tbatke led anything to tay to lt». Kathleen was as handsome a irirl as ever i Upped on the pink [flowers iv the heath ; tall and straight in the mountain ash, wid a fUpoly face the colour iv the red apples in Autumn, and eyes as black as the sloes on the blackthorn whin the first touch iv the host ie hardening the heads iv the curly cabbage. She was dairy maid up at the Great Hausa kept in thim times be wan Mr Many, a docent man although a Protestant end a magistrate to boot ; and he need to interfere to save the poor people from the toijeis whin'; it could be done, whioh, God IcowB, wasn't very oftin. Herself and O'Keeffe were very great wid ! j»w another before the Bebeiiion, and whin to tlle nountains many'e the tima »«itoledown in the dark night to Lave a » td, or maybe a kiss, from her ; running .Mts into the halter fqr that same. **w ot three times in the week the'd slip w w the night time, or in the mists in tbs JJttuyg across the passage iv the shaky bog "'li6, 'bowed her, and bring np the JMuthf ul of daoent vittles undher her cloak, w maybe the little dhrop to keep np his î°"Mge. People said that only for herhe'd ^goneaway to France long ago in a shin »aa used to ron in the keg of brandy below ttsr^iforthegintry, he smuggling, and tíSLLr*Baia ?b"t J?^BW>onra tínt very much »toot tte w Kathleen, she was eo flighty rc ff".iD herw»-»lwaTt thrying to put trT, S: 018 "H"?, »nd diressmg grift? ont iv alf raison wid the gown. Wh, .iTï?8 Mietre88£i naed to gtfe her tfdlÍTÍ oome down 'rom the Castle fe «. ,T6el' OT whatsomever they call ¿Ts.n*?*to »»y, ehe was a» good a lady 1 ttl. J^ .v*1'0,'aBd taneoomer fae far if she j ISAM! Ä^06 iv «newing hendí off. ^ttoughtit was very bal «ytlinrív ! snob a state ot thronble «ad misfortune, through the manes iv the fioljera, and the hanging, and the itbarvation, and the divil knows what, that was going on at the time, and that 'twas no good look she'd bring to Jim O'Keeffe in the long ton. The soliere, asl sar, come fer the taking of Jim O'Keeffe, because the Government were getting in dhread iv him ; and the man who bad charge iv them wee Captain Lennox, a tall, handsome Englishman, wid his long boote, and his red eoat atl covered with gold lace, and a throe-oorner bat on his head, and a long sword hanging be hie side. Oh, there's co two wave about it, he was a grand man entirely I He see a lot of fight ing, 'twas said, in France and Spain and other foreign latitude?, and was a regular divil at shrinking, and all sorts and sizes iv raking and roguery ; and as for the girls, the deuce a wan of tbim iver sit eyes on him that wouldn't olimb the hobs iv Hell to get a smile from the Captain. He was stopping at Ur Delaney's house while he was hereabouts; «omiring the country all day for poor Jim O'Keeffe, and dhrinUng and dancing and card playing all nisrbt, and 'twas there he fir*t sat eyes on Kathleen O'Moore ; and bad luck to him for his throublo anyhow. Thin quare rtorieB began to be going around, about the Captain meeting Kathleen outside in the grounds and whispering to her ; and her aire were getting grandher every day : and she was tying ap het hair like the young MMeeses, and talking Englithd like the Captain ; and saying it's not the likes iv Jim O'Keeffe she need be depending on ; and people began to thrimble for the Bibbonman, and the foolish girl that had his life in her hands. . AU at wanst abe dhropped off going next or near O'Kenfe, and the talk about herself and the Captain got londher and leudher. Iv course not a eowl dare to say ' ooo,' for fear iv bringing the eoljere down on their self, and thin 'twould only bo the rope and the branch iv a three, and no more law or logic about it. ito wan could eco thc Rib honman, arther to give him the beak or put him on MB guard, not reilly knowing where he was, and in dhread iv being followed if they went looking for him. The upshot iv it was that, I suppose he got tired iv being be himself all day in the mountains, thrytng to snare a rabbit or stale on a plover ; or he was unalsy in his mind about Kathleen, thinking she was kilt maybe, or in some throuble ; anyways, 'he Elipped down wan night, picking hi» steps wid no more noise than a ehadow. He crossed the shaky bog, frightening the snipe, and thic went over the ploughed fields and Heroes the roid into thc grove baok iv Hr Delany's house: He climbed np the wall iv the demasne as smooth as a cat efther a blaokbird, and hid ing among the ivy, looked over into the lawn to see if the coast was clear, eo that he'd give the screech iv the curlew three times, which was tho token he alwavs gave whin he wanted her to come out. Just as he peeped in he see the glitter of a goold uniform, for the night was beginning to get lightsome, though the moon wasn't due for another hour at latst He made out the figure iv a tall sol j er crawling along the shrubbery, houldiog his sword undher his arm, and poking his way, afeard iv making a noise. O'Keeffe got a start whin be see this, and put his hand on the long knife that he had stuck in the belt around his waist, lint, co ; the divil a notice the other took iv him, only stood ondher a three near at hand, and gave a whistle, and a couple iv minutes afther a woman walked aisy and quiet down the grass iv the lawn, and joined the sol j er ondher the three. Who was it but Kathleen O'Moore ! The Ribbonman held hi« breath, and couldn't believes his eyes ; still, there ehe was, and sure he ought to know her be fore anyone else in the world. They were talking a pieoe in whispers, and thin they moved over near where he was doubled up in the ivy iv the wall, and he could hear what they were saying. 'Ob, Osptain, jewel,' says Kathleen, 'Fm getting uneasy in mí mind ; afeard we'll be found out. How is it going to ind at all F' ' Don't yon thronble yer purty head, me darling girl/ says the Captain (for faith, it was Captain Lennox himself). They had more whispering, and the.Cip tain stooped down and kissed the girl. The Ribbonmau's heart stopped, and he was ketcbing bis knife wid a severe grip. ' Von know where the dam Hebel is hid ing, Kathleen,' Bays the Captain. ' I hear be all accounts that he was a lover iv yours.' 'He ueed to be, Captaba, dear,' eaya Kathleen, ' but share that was before yev put the comehither glance on me, and stole me heart from him altogether. I don't care now if I never saw him again.' * Very good,' says the Captain, ' I'll tell ye what we'll do. I'm anxious to get out iv this boghole iv a country, and marry you and take you over to England ; end it s the fine life and dhressea and all sorte iv grandhenr you'll have, and nothing to tbrouble you for the rest iv yer life.' ' And will 1 be with yer squills and all the grand ladies V eaya the foolish girl. 'Aye, that you will,' says the Captain. ' And it's a finer lady you are than the beet iv them. Howsomever I can't stir a peg until we ketch O'Keeffe, and if yon showed us where he was it's not long nor laiey we'd be in surrounding him, and thin you and meself were off to England wid no wan a bit the wiser iv it.' ' Share, if I bethrayed him,' says Kath leen, ' it'e hanging him ye'd be, and what would he-do tbin 'r I don't care much about him now, Captain, bat I wouldn't like to see him hang for all that.' ' That's the mistake you're making,' «aye the Captain. ' He won't be hang at all, If you show us where he is. Out iv regard for verseif I'll spake to the Government and get bim only transported, and he'll be left out again afther a year to two ; bat if we take him by any other means it's hong or shot he'll be without any parleying.' ' And I'd be only saving his life to be giving him np f" says Kathleen. 'That's a1.!,' says the Captain; 'and the day yon do we'll get married and set sail for Oald England.' ' And suppose I was going to see him in the morning, whin the mist ia on the moun tain, and that you and yer men followed me, and found him out, share, thin it wouldn't bc my fault,' says the Jndae iv a girl. "That's exactly how it would be man aged,' saye the Captain, wid a laugh. Just thin the Bibbonman was loosening wan iv the top atones in the wall to send it crashing thro' the Captain's skull, whin, a* bad luck would have it, ft elipped away and down into the lawn, making some noise. ' Stop, Stop," says Kathleen, ' what's that?' j * Oh, it's only an owl, or a cat, or some thing in the ivy,' «aye the Captain. ' How eowever we'll see,' sud drawing his sword be walked over and dhrnv it in into the ivy. But the sou of the mountains, wid the feet iv the wealle and the sinew« iv the red deer, swung himself olear iv the wall, end clinging his leg into a young fir three dhropped oat into the grove, not Btirring a lafe, as light as a bird. He walked ofl undher the threes without a sound and ont on the road again, and across over tbe ditch into the fields. Here he stopped for a pieoe, dhrawing hu breath hard and his head sunk down on his ehoul dhers like ss if be was stuck wid a keif e, and he looked back wanet wid a groan and wiped his eyes wid the sleeve iv his coat ; thin he walked away slow to the shaky bog. No wan could tell the quare eight* and Bounds the Bibbonman see and heard that night. The moon was jost climbing the back iv tne mountain which was all dark yet wid the rays shining out on aich side looking like a big black figger wid two white arms stretching ont to welcome home the broken hearted outlaw. As he paned undher the threes be the roadside the big owl that cornea out in the night flapped her wings in his fe.00. A moaning lound was spreading in Ute tops iv Ute branchée that shivered befGi ft and began wailing around him, and he ÜB §»M¡é«» WSW the «ow» fag keen for the last ir his raw. While he vint across in the yellow light, he met the Foxy Woman that walks the ploughed fields in the Spring, wid he long shawl coveted be her red hair, and her corpse face and her staring eyes looking at the moonlight ; and shute teeta* her manes sudden death. Going into the shaky bog tho snipe rose np wid a screech, and whirled about wid the moon shining on their wet wings, and thin dhropped down again like falling stars (share his star was falling too !) : and slip ping np the side iv the mountain he tees the whith fog that tho sou'-west wind was blow ing in from the IÜantio »reading over the land like a winding sheet iv the dead. Bat he walked into the oave with a hard look on his faoe, and didn't mind the warning that hie dead and gone relations were sending him iv his doom. The plane was all dark innide, so he «track the flint and steel, and went over to a corner and took up a handful iv the 'boohaleen' that was lying there, and mads a bit iv fire for himself, and he sat down on the etona ovetrigbt it. 11 don't eare whether they see tbe fire or the smoke to-night,' says be, 'or whether they take me or not. Lave thim take me and hang me ; lt's no heart I've for any* thing else, only I'd like to strike wan blow fast. Ooh, she Bowled me to the Sassanaoh, and share I'd have laid at her feet and given her me heart's blood If she only said the word." ! Then he took a poll at the 'potheen' (and abure the oraythnr wanted it) and sat dorm on the stone again, looking hard at the blaze wid Dig tears running down his brown cheeks, and he snuffing and trying to keep thim bach. Se began afther a piece hum ming wan iv the ould tunes and bating time wid his leg agin the floore, bringing baok the times whin himself and Kathleen were dancing al tho crass roads wid the light iv love and fun in their oyes, and Thady Murphy, the piper, squeezing the bag and blasting out the finest jig that ever woke np merriment in boy or girl. Now and thin he used wipe the tears off bis face and give a bit iv a moan, and thin he'd take a pall al ways at the potheen. By and bye the mist stole up the mountain and he eeea it standing at the opening iv the eave like as if it cams tn keep company with him in his sorrow, for they had spint night afther night together on the heath, and rosny'e the time it rose and oonsayled him whin the Hessians or the Baesanachs were staling on his thraoka. He must have gone to sleep thin, because the next thing he sees was the bright morn ing 61rai ming in and Kathleen standing in the fog at tbe entrance iv the oave wid a basket in her hand. 1 I'm afther oomintr, Jim,' says she, ' wid the bit to ate for you. I wasn t able to be here at all, all the week ; and Jim, asthore, how are you f' He got np straightening himself and looked at her aB she tried to entile the lie out iv her faoe. I 'I don't want it, Kathleen,' says he; 1 I'll niver take the bit and the sap oat iv yer bands agin.' ' What aila you, Jim t' says she, notioing tiÍB dhrawn faoe and the terror iv his eyes, i ' Heavens ! yer hair is white.' ¿nd so lt was as white as the fog that waB peeping over her ehouldhere. He walked over to her and looked into her face, and the big tears rolled down hie cheeks. As she looked at the splendid man standing like a statue in cold despair, and see the tears trickling away, ehe thought iv the joy iv tho ould times, and the way his footsteps in the borheen in the evenings need to make her heart bate, and then her treachery to him leaped up blazing before her eyes, and her head hung down in horror and ehamt». 1 Bun, Jim,' says ehe all at wanst, ketch ing him be the arm and thrying to drag him like a mad woman, ' run for the love of the Blessed Virgin. You're aould ; the eoljfra is coming. Oh, God forgive mel Ann, asthore, and eave yereelf : I'll stop here ; ehure lave them kill me.' ' No,' says the Bibbonman, wid a tonoh iv pride in his voice, ' I'll not run ; I'll stand me ground and die like a man. Bunf and lave you to be-God iv Heaven-what f . . . Ah, Kathleen I you'll never kiel the Sassanach soljer again.' And saying this, he drew the knife oat iv his belt and dhruv lt into ber heart. She shivered and thried to apake, but the blood rushed out through her mouth, and she fell on the floore dead. He stopped for a minuit looking at her wid the came wild stare in his eyes, and thin softened a bit and stooped down blinded wid the tears and kissed her forehead, for the blood was flowing from her lips. Thin he leaped to his feet and ran over and took np his gun and his powder horn and made oat. The mist waa rising. He crawled over and lay down behind a big lamp iv a rook, coneayling himself as well as he could, and peeped out ; there, ehure enough, climbing up the pass was a body iv soVjers beaded be tbe Captain wid his sword in his hand urging thim on. They cidn't see O'Keeffe yet, as far aB he could make out, for they niver stopped. He waited until they came within range iv his ould flintlock and thin fae covered tho Captain and fired. Down fell me bonld Captain, tumbling out iv the path to be made emithreens iv be the sharp edges iv the crags belo ar. The min stopped and fired at O'Keeffe, for satisfaction, bat 'twas no nee. They came on agin ; he fired and down goes another, and in this way they were advancing and he firing and killing a man at every shot. At long last his pow dher was gone, and they were nearing and nearing. On a euddint he threw down hil gan and stepped oat to the front iv the ledge over right thim. He tore open the breast iv hie waietkit, and standing there he called oat in a voice that was heard almost down in the village : « Fire !' The Boljers stopped. It was BO onexpeoted it gave thim a start ; or ellura maybe it wae ia admiration iv his courage ; for a Boljer ia a soljei no matter what colour he haB on bia baok. Thin they all raised their muskets and fired together. Whin the »moke riz they see there lying on the free mountain, torn and gashed to pieces be the bullets, wid hie face half tutned towards tho oave, the last mortui reniaiafl of the Bibbonman, O'Keeffe-JAMES MCCABE, LL B. 