A Lone Wheelwoman’s Tour. LIVELY SPRINTS ON A LONG JOURNEY. (BY MRS. DONALD MCDONALD.) One afternoon a crowd of children in Sydney Domain watched two Melbourne women cleaning and generally overhaul- ing their bicycles before starting to ride overland to Melbourne. One of the cyclistes made some remark to the other which prompted a small boy to ask : "Goin' to ride to Melbourne missus?" There was no reply to the question, out another boy shouted, "Aw, rats !" then ran away, fearing the wrath to come. We two wanted a holiday and rest from our own individual worries, and as no Melbourne cycliste who calls her- self enthusiastic thinks her touring list complete unless it includes the journey from Sydney to Melbourne, we deter- mined to attempt it without assistance from any wheelman. Several women have cycled from Syd- ney to Melbourne, but none without an accompanying husband or brother. When we proposed to attempt the 577 miles between the two capitals, our friends considered us enterprising, but reckless; and asked what we should do in case of our bicycles breaking down, or ourselves smashing up on the moun- tains? A globe trotter on board the steamer to Sydney studied us as Aus- tralian curiosities, and suggested our buying a three and sixpenn- revolver in Sydney for protection. "From what?" we asked. "Oh, bushrangers and things." But we knew the bush better than he, and had no fear of riding through it by our- selves. On the first day out from Sydney my friend was thrown from her bicycle, in- juring her right arm seriously, and took train at Mittagong, 82 miles from Syd- ney. I road thence the whole distance to Melbourne, and am told that no cycliste has ever ridden so far alone and unattended. Head winds right through, rough bush tracks, and much moun- tainous country on the N.S.W. side were my most trying experiences, soli- tary swagmen tramping between town- ships, stock drovers, teamsters, hawkers and cyclist shearers—substitutes for the globe trotter's imaginary bushrangers. All these men were extremely civil and respectful. The stock riders invariably made a path for me through mobs of cattle or sheep, teamsters led their horses from the centre of roads to let me pass horsemen and cyclists nodded "Good- day" in a fashion only seen in the bush : a queer side shake of the head equivalent to the polite hat-raising of a society man It is worth recording that a woman can safely cycle alone for 577 miles in Aus- tralia with never the slightest incident happening to deter other women from a similar tour. Racing women or mere men cyclists may consider seven days and four hours ridiculously slow for a tour of 577 miles even with the disadvantages of head winds the whole way, some rain, bad and hilly roads almost to the border. I wore the skirt of an ordinary suburban cycliste, and rode a fairly heavy bicycle of 27lb., on it an additional 4lb., which included a heavy tool bag, a lamp, and a small bundle of clothes. A port- manteau I sent from station to station as required on the journey. At the Customs I was assisted by an Albury cycling agent to get my bicycle through. The officials were courteous, but severe in their duty. It might be as easy for a bicycle to pass through the eye of a needle as the Victorian Customs at Wodonga, There is a duty on second- hand machines, and I had to solemnly assure the polite, but conscientious, offi- cer that mine was for touring, and not trade purposes. The sight of a solitary cycliste astonished many people on the road. Women were especially curious to learn why one of their sex should essay a lonely pilgrimage on wheels. "Perhaps you are breaking the record?" ventured a landlady one afternoon, while I sipped my tea. She sat opposite to talk, as is the invariable custom of all country hotel-keepers who are curious and interested in tourists' and their travels. "Not a record," I laughed, "but pos- sibly my neck or limbs on some steep hill in New South Wales." "Thanks be to the Saints," piously murmured a good-natured elderly Irish- woman with no teeth and her hair in pins. "Luk at that now. Kem from Sydney widout company? Shure I'd not take the risk myself." There are two cycling routes between Sydney and Albury. Through Coota- mundra and Wagga it is thirty-one miles longer than the road via Gundagai and German ton. The latter is more trying, with rougher bush tracks and more hills, but is the route always taken by record breakers and other cyclists in a violent hurry. I chose it from curiosity, and to compare the hilly roads over the Australian Alps and to Walhalla with those in New South Wales. The latter are decidedly bad. Many are unused even for travelling stock. On several of the bush tracks, between fences, I felt inclined like the Walrus and Carpenter, to "weep like anything to see such quantities of sand." Between Adelong Crossing and Hillas Creek, 285 miles from Sydney, the road, for 13 miles to Mundarlo, is a succession of unrideable sand ridges of varying heights,' and particularly trying against a head wind. Only two habitations are passed in that distance, and I had the road entirely to myself. One of the worst stages of the whole journey lies between Upper Tarcutta and Billabong, 27-miles. For eighteen miles there is iiot an inhabited house. road is mostly over sand ridges or bullock dray tracks, quite unrideable in many places! Tho last six miles into Kyarnba are varied with steep hills, crossed by dr 1 / water courses. The township is a post-office and two or three private houses, no hotel. The post-master is good-natured, and gives a glass of rain water to the weary way- Burnie, a pretty North'West (Tas.) Seaport. farer. The next township, Billabong, is nine miles away, and the roads thence are heavy, hilly, and sandy, and in places "blinded" with clay and stones. In the whole distance from Upper Tarcutta to Billabong there is not even a small inn to provide a. meal. At Billabong my midday lunch was bread and checse. Then, facing a south-westerly gale, I left for Germanton. The greater part of the 17 miles was so sandy that it saved time and my tires to walk. The variety of N.S.W. roads is charmin. They wind like a spiral staircase over Little Razor Back. Between Bookham and Jugiong the hills are much steeper than they appear on the perfectly straight metalled roads over them, but once my bicycle started on down grades there was no stopping it. Near Sydney steep hills frequently end in creeks with stony beds. Paddy's River, near Berrina (a summer resort of Sydney society) the road descends suddenly to a broken and disused bridge, at which many racing cyclsts have had accidents. The road turns at right angles from the broken bridge, crossing the creek lower down. The water was running swiftly over a bed of big stones. Two or three cattle and I shared the landscape. With 27 miles to ride to Goulbourn, over many hills, there was no time to lose, so I splashed through the stream, carrying my bicycle carefully. Sun and wind soon dried my wet shoes. Marulen to Goulburn, 19 miles, was my first solitary night ride The distance in the darkness seemed endless, the stars twinkling through trees deluded me many times into the hope that they were lights of Goulburn, which town, when at last I saw it, reminded me of Ballarat. My disabled cyclists friend, waiting at Goulbourn, had asked two wheelmen to go into the night and bring me back with them. The flashing of an acetylene lamp thrilled me with joy, and my first greeting to two utterly strange men was, "Oh, I am so very thirsty.' A second night ride of 12 miles, from Bowning to Bookham, was rather more sensational, as the road, "blinded" nearly the whole distance, was down several very steep hills. I rode quickly in fear that I had taken the wrong road, and was bushed, but the long-expected light of a wayside inn at last shone through the darkness, and the simple little bush house proved a welcome haven. My third journey, after sundown, was not quite so trying, although I expected to see ghosts in nail can armour, and to hear phantom revolvers firing in the forest, for I was then in the heart of the Kelly country, between Wangaratta and Glenrowan. Heavy rain at sunset delayed me at Wangaratta until half-past seven. The new moon was hidden under drifting rain clouds, and my lamp only confused me, so I rode the eleven miles in darkness, trusting to a cycliste's good luck for safe arrival at Glenrowan. I was soothed with an infinite stillness, for the night was very pleasant. A mopoke hooted from a tree, a curlew wailed in the distance, but no ghost glided past, nor could I feel in the least degree nervous until there came a sound of whistling from a cyclist, who, riding without a lamp, nearly collided with me. Glenrowan is' off the main road, and it M'as necessary t-o walk down a steep hill across the railway gates. As I reached a small hotel, the rain came down in torrents, and the wind blew furiously from the south-west. It continued the whole of next day, when I rode 103 miles against it to Kilmore. The country districts in N.S.W. were filled with shearers, many on bicycles, which they find cheaper to keep than horses. These men are quite expert in repairing bicycles. One of them mended a punctured tire for me, and took infinite pains to make the repair a success. I had no further trouble with it for the rest of the journey. The landlady of the hotel where the repair was done mistook my gratitude for admiration, and confidentially informed me that the shearer, though apparently a mere youth, was married. I generally started the daily journey very early in the morning, so early that the cook was not dressed. Two raw eggs, milk, a piece of dry bread, and sometimes cold tea sufficed until breakfast, after a ride varying from IP to 29 miles. On one of these long rides, 28 miles, a selector's hut was too tempting to pass, and a tired-looking woman, milking cows, was obliging enough to make billy tea when asked for a glass of water. At some hotels exaggerated ideas of a cycliste's thirst prevailed, as one afternoon, when, after a very trying ride against the west wind over 56 miles of hilly country, I was told by a servant that I could not have any tea in less than an hour, for all the boilers had just been filled. Four boilers! and a modest pint of water would have made tea enough for two thirsty cyclistes. One of the most picturesque districts en route is between Bookham and Gundagai. Jugiong lies between, in ft green valley surrounded by mountains, the Murrumbidgee, winding through the valley like a great grey snake. Out of the valley is a long climb over a lyll, a counterpart of the heights at Yarra Glen. From the top is a splnedid view of a pastoralists' paradise. "Did you have no romantic adventures?" asked a friend on my return. "Once or twice I was sent on to wrong roads, and a fierce bull, near a farmer's house, threatened to chase me, although tho farmer's boy said I need not be at all frightened. Any cycliste who expects to meet a modern Don Quixote or a Lancelot seeking to succor distressed damsels on the road between Sydney and Melbourne, will be woefully disappointed. To a cycliste with a love of solitude, and an appreciation of springtime in the bush, who does not mind roughing it, and is indifferent to fried steak and eggs served together on the same plate, the tour is one to be recommended as exceedingly pleasant. Melb. Argus must be given the palm as the only enterprising Australian daily. Its conductors initiate all the enterprises that demand a big outlay to undertake, and they show a dash in their newspaper business that the other dailies sadly lack. The Argus scored decisively over the Transvaal war by sending away Donald McDonald to the front^ and then sublet portions of his brain to their syndicate friends in the other cities, none of whom would have dreamed of despatching a correspondent on their own. The Argus enterprise must be galling a canny Dawvid Syme, who generally a. week or two after, wakes up to the fact that he must do likewise, and then the Sydney Daily Telegraph, and Bonython's Advertiser scramble in, and make a great bang about their magnificent enterprise, &c.;, &c.; THE CRITIC on this occasion rises to thank the Argus for its enterprising spirit. If it was not in the front, Australian readers would fare badly at the hands of the other crowd, who grab all they can from their papers, and don't care a curse for their public. The structure in which , the first re- ! ligious services were held , in Broken. Hill, for a long' timtepast used as -a billiard-room, and latterly as a skittle alley and shooting gallery, has just been pulled down. Major-Gen. Sir C. Holled Smith. Sir Chas. Holled Smith, who gives up command of Yic. Military Force this week, got on splendidly with the men, but badly with the politicians, consequently, the Turner Cabinet declined to renew the engagement. Sir Charles has seen service in South Africa, and hopes to see it again. His offence to the Turner Cabinet was that he would not push their friends ahead, hence the trouble. Lady Holled Smith has taken a very personal interest in the soldiers, and -the 2nd Regiment made her a handsome presentation. Mr. Henry Scott, one of the best known of Adelaide's commercial men, has now been in the colony for 45 years. He fought one of the hardest Mayoral battles ever remembered in Adelaide, against Mr. W. C. Buik, in December, 1877, and won a victory which advertised him so well that he was elected to the Legislative Council, by the whole colony, voting as one electorate, shortly afterwards. However, he has now been out of politics for many years. Mr. Scott is a pastoralist, and he has made and lost a great deal of money at various times in sheep, although he has taken both gain and reverse philosophically. Fortunately, the successes have predominated. Although a Devonshire man himself, Mr. Scott traces his ancestry to stock who came from Scotland with the Stuarts more than 250 years ago. Mr. Martin Basedow, M.L.C., ought not to be a very great admirer of Germany, for he is a native of the Kingdom of Hanover, which was deprived of its privilege and independence by the selfishness of Prussia. Clem Hill looks strong and well, and it was a relief to see the genuine pleasure on the faces of John Hill and his family when they greeted him at the steamer on Sunday. Clem, who now weighs 12st. 31b., says he went down to nearly ten stone during his illness in England. Judging by his recent glorification of war, Canon Potter is as vigorous a disciple of the German philosopher Neitzche as Professor Marshall Hall himself. The cardinal tenet of Neitzche's philosophy is a rabid hatred of peace in all its manifestations. He is the overt enemy of morals—chiefly Christian morals—and Christianity itself. The principles laid down by Canon Potter in his recent sermon at St. Kilda (Vic.) are identical! with thoso ventured by Professor Marshall Hall in that chaotic Liedertafel speech which gave the Argus its first opening to descend upon him with its accumulations of long-pent wrath. It commended the Canon for them. Attenborough, Nunn, & Smith, one of the very oldest of Melb. law firms, are being sued for a breach of trust under the will of Richard Goldsbrough, one of the founders of the wool firm of Goldsbrough, Mort, & Co. ' The effort is to recover ,£26,040, and the case promises to furnish some • lively matter on the workings of trustees. ' One of the best-knoym men in, Port Adelaide, is Mr. H. ,W. Thompson!." On his arrival' in S.A. served sojne time at sea, afterwards in the employ pf Clark and McKenzie. In '7^ , enter^ .into business on his own isocount. . Assisted Captain Marshall-Smith to iorm the. Nay&l; Reserve.. , Served a- fuillfcmmission under jtfotin-' cillor in Port Adelaide for : four years, Mayor two years, stood for Parliament, but was unsuccessful. One of the oldest justices of the peace in S.A. . Vanity is an expensive thing when it takes a newspaper to satisfy it. Two men in Perth run a weekly adulator. Morgans finances the Argonaut and Vosper struggles with his own rag, the Sunday Times. The Argonaut takes much trouble to announce whenever Morgans twaddles for half an hour that he delivered a magnificent speech. A recent issue of the Sunday Times declares that only one really great criticism of the Federal Bill has yet , been uttered in Australia, and that came from the heavy jaw of F. C. B. Vosper. By-the-way, the anti-federal attitude of the Sunday Times has had a most depressing effect upon its circulation. In response to frequently preferred requests from the W.A. federalists, Alfred Deakin has consented to visit W.A. and stump the country on behalf of federation. When Deakin gets his goldfields reception lie will commence to know what popular enthusiasm is. The date remains to be fixed, but probably it will be some time early next year. Cardinal Moran, now 69, cultivates amid his bitter doctrinal fights a vein of rnilrj humor. He was asked the other day about a newly-consecrated bishop, "Isn't he an old man?" "Old!" exclaimed the cardinal "not at all. He is only 68." In one way it is a cheerful sight ,to see N.S.W. Ministers of the Crown running their own horses for big.money at Randwick. It shows that active politics and impecuniosty don't always run together. Of course, many a hard-up man runs a string of horses, but the Ministers referred to regard their hobby as a relaxation, and, it is a pleasure to add, don't need to fear a defeat. Crick and Hassall spend Saturdays on the course, and on occasions the first place goes .to one or the other. Other Ministers indulge in milder relaxation. See, a wealthy man, enjoys domesticity; Lyne, rifle practice and bowls, bowls especially; Wise, music and fishing; O'Sullivan, writing and committing to memory eloquent speeches; and the others the delights of ordinary men. Rev. Percy Wise, B.A., of the Crafers Church, is becoming one of the most effective and popular preachers in the Church of England. Has a clear delivery, is personally magnetic, and his subjectmatter is of a sort that is likely to do much good. - A member of the W.A. Transvaal Contingent is named Kruger. A Kalgoorlie dust liar: The most remarkable duststorm I ever saw was out at Kurnalpi. After it was over you could scarcely recognise the lanscape—the dust lay so thick. Going over wh.at was once the road, I saw a hat, and on picking it up found a man underneath it. He was up to his ears in duet, and when I ofEered to pull him out he said, "What about my camel?" "Why," said I, "have you lost a camel?" "Why," says he, "ain't I sitting on his back now?" 