THE WHITE CEOSS LEAGUE. ' We would remind all whom our voice may reach' — it is the united voice of all our Bishops assembled at the Lambeth Conference — ' that the wrath of God, alike in Holy Scripture and in the history of the world, has been revealed against the nations which have transgressed the law of purity, and we solemnly record our conviction that wherever marriage is .dishonoured, and sins of the flesh are lightly regarded, the home-life will be destroyed, and the nation itself will sooner or later decay and perish.' What keeps men. away from Church, makes religious feeling decay in them, separates them from God, and leaves them secular? carnal, and cynical ? It is, said one of ouy most trusted clergy at a recent meeting, more than anything else, that they have yielded, secretly or openly, to fleshly sin. And many a man must from his own experience sadly reply: 'This witness is true.' It is the appointed Nemesis. He that soweth to the flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption. His higher impulses are checked ; his nobler aims are enfeebled. He becomes coarser in fibre. His whole nature is devastated and laid waste. Any movement which endeavours to stay the progress of so great an evil is doing a work, the magnitude of which cannot be exaggerated, for the nation, and for the Church, as well as for individual souls. We need say no more to commend to our readers the object of the White Cross League, lately revived in the Diocese of Melbourne. But the leaders of it will do well to remember — and it is the happiest augury, for their success that they appear to remember — that in no part of the Church's labours is it more necessary that she should be like leaven, working1 secretly in the mass of corrupted human nature till the whole is leavened. A headlong enthusiasm or an excited \- agitation would probably enkindle flames of sin where it did not previously exist, and do far more harm than good. What is required is, in the words of the League's circular, to induce a number of men in every parish to become centres of influence, quietly leavening public opinion with a ! higher ideal of manly purity. Our weakness at present is the existence of a double standard of purity for the two sexes. 'There are no ladies present' is too often the preface to conversation that ought to be, but is not, considered an insult to a high-minded Christian man. Let our watchword be one equal law of absolute purity in thought, word, and deed for man and for woman. The work of the League will be mainly among men and boys. From them, in the first case, came the temptation in nearly every case of sexual sin ; and where it is not so, the God-given strength of manhood should be the guardian of the woman, even against herself. Upon the man rests the main responsibility. Let the appeal be made to all that is manly in him. Let him understand — and young men can generally understand — that whatever is impure is disgraceful, and in itself, apart from its direful consequences, horrible, loathsome. Many a man there is amongst us to-day waging an unequal warfare against an enemy to which he has himself given strength by long years of sinful indulgence, who might have been saved at the first, and whose cry now is — ' * Why was I not warned ?' We have to take advantage of the enthusiasm for good which is the blessed endowment of most young fellows. In school and home, at such times as Confirmation, in the parish guild or brotherhood to which the youth belongs, a purity as clean as that which he hopes and believes to be his sister's glory must be set before him as his own ideal. Such is the work which belongs to all Christian men, called, as we are, to show forth in our own lives the life . of Christ ; privileged, as we are, to be the temples of the Holy Ghost. If the White Cross League oan aid us, our hopes and prayers accompany it in all its endeavours. May God prosper it. And where we pray for success let us also work. Let the heart of every man among us question with himself — What am I myself doing to raise the standard of respect and chivalry to every woman, to influence my companions towards a nobler ideal of chastity, and in every action of my life to keep myself pure? 