CHILDREN’S COLUMN. THE “COT” FUND. [BY “RED HIDING HOOD.”] Collecting cards have been sent this week to :--Richard Cashin, Bessie Howard, Alice Browne. LETTER COMPETITION. OK.VBU.VI. it rues All manuscript must bear name, address ami ago of sender distinctly writ ton thus : — Competition No.... Name..' Address A »o ., ,v No. 1.—I* or children over 12, and under i5. Best letter onany subjects Jitters to contain not more than 250, words. Prize, 2s. No. 2.—Per children under 12. Best letter on any subject. Letters to contain not more t han 250 words. Prize, 2s. No. 5., For largest amount of money collected by boy or gad for Cot Fund during the montha of May, June, July and Au gust—First prize, £s ; second, 2s 6d. All amounts collect cd to bo at this ofiicc on Inst In awarding prizes, neatness ot writing as well os composition, will be taken into consideration. All letters to bo addressed to “Bed Hiding Hood,” The Bendigo Independent Cilice. Ail letters should be marked “ MS. for publication,” and loft open, or if closed must bear a twopenny stump, otherwise they will not be delivered, and the writer will thus be deprived of their chance in i the competition. t Letters for the month must be received not later thou the 28th instant. , • “Golden Square,-April 25. “Bear ‘lied Hiding Hood,’ —I wou to Ballarat just a little while before Easter. I saw the regatta at Lake Wendource. In one boat there wove five men, dressed all in ' white, to represent ghosts, and one in hlaek, to represent the undertaker. There were tub races and eanoo races for hoys. The boys often tumbled out of ’the tubs, but they did not mind that, for the lake* was very low. I learned to ride the bicycle while I i was in Ballarat. I went to the Botanical j Gardens and saw the statuary and the flowers ami animals. The flowers were all out in bloom, and they looked lovely.. The sta tuary was very beautiful and clean. I liked the “Flight of Pompeii” best. [i repre sents a man and a woman and their child flying out of the city during the eruption, I went to the Easter Fair and saw the fire works ; they were beautiful. I went to the p. occasion on Easter Monday and I liked it very much. I went to Big Hill for a few days before Easter, and ns 1 was slaying just about five minutes’ walk from the Cherry "Tree Gardens, I went over there pretty often. Now I must say good bye.—From your lov ing friend, Edic Buley.” Aged 13 years. (You must have had a very enjoyable holiday, Edio. —“H.E.H.”) " 