The Storyteller. THE SPLENDID PORSENNA. CHAPTER [?]I. By Mrs. HUGH FRASER. Author of "A Chapter of Accidents, "The Looms of Time," "A Diplomatist's. Wife in Japan," &c.; Donna Olympia would dearly have loved to include Gerald in her picnic party, mere-<*> ly to spite Orazio; but she had not suffi-<*> cient courage thus to defy her master. She was aotin^uader orders. The man whom she fcKeraateJy adored and hated, but al ways feared, 'had lnitlmaMd his desire to have a pleasant party eat together, and an entertainment prepared, In order that he might wartder up and down £ho green ar oades of Villa dTOrte wiitb a little girl whom he proposed to make- his wife. A slave, though not otf the ring, it was Olympia's part to smile and obey. 80 a gay company of people passed out from Porta Pio on Alfonso VaM'oro'e coach (die morning after the ball. Houora, Bianoa VaJd'oro, and one or two other girts were Quite sparkling w«h neaJth aad hrtgh spirits ; not a bit the worse lor their ten, mile* or so of hard dancing the night (before. Donna Olyanpia and Lady Bva Dsrtag were both a little gjian. ft waa so dreadfully early ! They had had to rise tX 9 o'clock, after not get tint to bed OH nearly 4! Attbnso had collected a aufncJetvt contlagent of men fron* the snoking-iroom ia (he small hours of the morning, and though they looked a little " OTvr-rrtgWtetf" Just at tart, the fresh air and the contagDou* gaiety of the young girls, and th*t glass of ohamfNrgne which Iheir host bad provMed as a stirrup-cup soon set thenn to rights, and they managed to assume chat bearing of tunlling insolence wnkJh persons of 19m JLttfin races apparently feel bound to put on the moment they come near even one boxse, and whicb ie of course iwHepenstafble when you are being drawn by four. Omilo waa seated behind Honora, Just where he coirld take care off her sunshade ami her cloak for her, and where any pleas ant speedbe* thtett he might chance to make nru«t oe overheard by Olysnjria, who would of course enjoy Obcim so much. He looked wonderfully handsome, and his eyes were «lear and fearless, like those of a child. Bven Olytnpia wondered stupidly how such a man a3 lie couM look so divinely happy. Did nothing ever trouble him, she wondered; wra there no weak point In tbat •mooth Armour where—a justly injured person could stick in a reminding pin ? She had awful moments herself occasionally, generally to wards Barter time. She did hope that minx in the white frock wouW develop the devil's own temper ! Wbwt fun it would too to see him really airraid of someJbody. If Gerald should turn up at Villa dTsste, of course, it was Ailttonso, and not she, who fHad toM htm that they were thinking of iftwnding fthe day there, and of course Al tonmo would hare to aeck Mm to lunch wHtb iham ; she might get some amusement out of the day yet. Knd the crystal air was clear, and the sun shone sweet and warm; larks sang over head ; and the faint Campagna flowers blos somed under their horses' feet; for Alfonso liad taken to the grass now, and the summer morning wore on in warmth and light and perfume. The ground was rolling here, some ten miles out from the city, and Alfonso found the driving rather complicated, in and out among the slippery hillocks already burnt dry whb heat. He -was thinking, of getting back to the road when his off leader swerved violently at the same time that a cry of surprise and delight Durst from the girls 'behind him. The coach had Just rounded a slightly higher eminence, and they saw coming towards them, apparently out of dreamland, a procession of indescribable magnificence. Against the quivering blue of the June •ky, noiselessly, on gilded wheels drawn by slow white oxen, a great train of Egyptian cars rolled up over the hill. High, in silent pomp, they carried mute kings, calm eyed, bronze of skin, whose breathing could only be guessed from the jewels' play on their breasts. Above the head of every King tall Nubian slaves held golden fans that swung and turned in a slow fire of splendour with every movement of the tardy- footed oxen, whose gilded horns caught the sun through their encircling wreaths. The very'wheels were all gold and roses, and at the feet of the Kings lay •beautiful sUves from all the fends where fair women are bred—durfky- torowed, -with onyx eyeß that gsied at the sun, or watte and golden, wrapping the Kings' feet in their hair ; and nearer and nearer they one: and still from the mystic billows of the Campaetm the gorgeous tide rolled up Jp a flood of jewels and gold. Jtaddeoly One of 'the slave* sat up in her WM. and ftonc a haadftri of row at Al fcam lMghia«. T*e spell was broken fM 9«»lt tart tnelr tongM* " What is it ?" besought Honora of Ora zio, in the midst of tbe hubbub. " Only the Cervara festival, Miss Dering," lie replied. "The artists get up some wonderful show every year, but this is the best they have done jret. Were you very much startled ?" " I was spell-ibound," laughed Honora, " I never saw anything so beautiful in my life. Couldn't we follow them ?" And she looked wistfully after the white oxen and the waving fans. " You .would not like it at all if we did," explained Orazlo gently. " They' will get very hot, and will take far too much beer, and will get home dreadfully demoralised this evening. You will like Villa d'Eate much better, I assure you." " Yes, I suppose so," said Honora rather despondently ; and then she fell to wonder ing why Gerald had not been invited —it would have amused him, she was sure. Who does not know Villa d'Bsle, with Us terraces of fountains, its long, deep glades, its cypress spires and syringa blooms ? Never was there a more stately Dleasure ground ; and it looked its fairest on this bright, hot morning, to eyes dazzled by the blazing stretches of Campagna. It has a charmed age, and is more like a work of Na ture than of man. Here all is quiet with the peace of centuries, and every 'diamond tossed up by the singing fountains to the sun is a link in the Jewelled chain that the waters seem to have been weaving ever since waters were crystal and sunshine golden. One whole long walk is a network at toy I cascades, trickling over baby ferns that never grow any larger. Here Honora and Bianca Vald'oro were .playing the rather childish game of Jumping in and out among the tiny runnels with many a shriek and splash~and } laugh, while Oraslo walked slowly along the safe gravel path beside them, prepared to rescue them from ultimate drowning, as he said* when the time should come. Although Honora was playing like a child with her girl friend, she had grown some ten years older since Gerald found her in her own old garden the day before. The Indian jug gler's mango, stem and flower and fruit, I grows not more miraculously than does a girl's experience on her first entrance into the world. Princess Vald'oro's dance had shown Honora that the " world" was kind and plea sant, and most delightfully good fun. "She liked it, and was quite sure now that it meant to like her. She had tasted new wine in the joy of knowing that she was lovely, and that others thought so ; what wonder If the magic draught was followed by a certain measure of intoxication, and it Honora to day, sure of herself and love, and life, and sunshine, thought once or twice, with a shade of contempt, of yesterday's Honora, shy and trembling, and almost afraid even of Bianca, because she had been " out" a whole year ? Oratio marked tbe girl's high spirits, and put them down to her pleasure in his society, i and was in a very good temper Indeed. His simple and logical method of calculating ail such phenomena as ultimately referring to himself gave him an easy key to puzzling questions. What did not touch him was not worth " astrologising his head" about, as he would have said. Honora did not at first understand what his gentle manner, bis wor shipping glances, were intended to convey, and thought it must be Just another phase of the kindness that everybodywwas showing her to-day ; but when she* had slipped on the glistening stone, and he bad quickly caught her hand to steady her, some warning note, was struck, and a little cold wave of dislike or fear chilled her for a moment. After that she managed to keep very close to Blanca's side, and they gave up their elfin dance among the waterfalls and walked soberly back under the arching shade to where the rest of the party had gathered for lunch. Two men had joined the group tn their absence. ' Alfonso was shaking hands cor dially with derail Lowther, and Sir 'Maxwell Uindhurst was explaining, in his loud and thearty tones, Jo Lady Eva, that they had missed the party by riding to tbe wrong gate of the city. " How on «arth did you man age to do that ?" said Alfonso. "lam 6ure it must have been my fault though. Prob ably I forgdt to say it was Porta Pia." "Just like a man," broke in Olympia, eager to show Porsenna that she had had nothing to do vKh inviting the inconvenient Englishmen. " Alfonso always takes every thing for granted ! He did not even tell me that he had been able to ask you. I was—afraid ypu had gone home before he made up the party last night." She was beginning to hesitate and make mistakes, for she felt that Porsenna was ! watching her, ill-pleased. " So we had," said Gerald, " only your brother very kindly send a note after us, wWch came in with the coffee this morning. I was deadly sleeply, I am ashamed to say, but the general was energetic, and declared ifc was just tbe day for a ride, so here we are. I don't know now where. our horses came from !" " You must be vfery hot and thirsty," said Donna Olympfa. " Come and. have some champagne." The meal had been laid oh a wide marble table whkfe stood in a circle of box and ilex walls, pierced on three sides with oval openings, whence the eye could travel from green and golden foregrounds to distances so blue and dim that they seeemed to melt into the sky itself. Outside all was quiver ing light and beat, but Within the bower the deep shade made a coolness, and the pleasant drip of the fountains was Just Hhe music one would ask for in a summer noon. Flowers and fruits were piled on the white marble, and where a tiny sun-fleck did pierce the green dome it found jewels of ruby and topaz llgWt waiting for it in the bubbles of the wine. There was some confusion, as there always |« at a picnic, «!bout .placing people, and Gerald took advantage of It to slip into a vacant seat at Honora's side. The general was making himself so agreeable to her mother Jntot at Vhait moment that she did not see what had happened until he bad piloted her into a place on the opposite vide of the table. Tbe old strategist had done it of set purpose, and rejoiced silently over the reautt. lady Ehra made a feeble attempt to alter nwiWifr*i " dome here, Honors,** aae cried. "lam our* you are is the drausjbt—l mean tfce •on—over there." "Iffy d«w am>t." ntdUimtA Ctortld, "th« oi>Vy sunlbeann in tho whole plaice resits on ycur own bead at thf3 momen't ! Have some lobster salad, iHoaora ?" " Yes. "please," said Honor* in the \ory smallest voice, dtattllously avoiding her mother's eyes, and pretending to examine the ibmiqudt wfoioh lay by her plate. It w^e her flreit tiny attempt at rdbeltLon. and she •was not cprite sure bvw it would be re ceived. She waß indeed growing up-*o day. Gerald's kind eyes, Gerald's pleasant voloe, gave her course to want her own way for onoe. Donna Otyampia was looking on, much anueed at flrdt. Then she saw Orasio quietly occupy the seat on Honora's loft h'and, and oaughit a qutak glance of surprise exchanged between two men standing neair, Carlo Spina and LAvto Agreaeht, and the hungry adhe o/ jealousy woke up in her heart once more. Carlo SJptna dropped into the empty place beside her as soon as the saw tha't Orazio dW not mean to take it. He was 4he man who had wkxLted 00 long to dance with her the aigttt before. The ftret glass of champagne loosened people's tongues, ankl umtler cover af the general chatter he said in a half-whisper : " Don't look at him. Donna. Olympia. What an animal ! (I*ll drown him in tthe ■waterfall after toinoh if you like !" Olympia laughed her hard little laugh. " Why should I want him drowned ?" alie said. "He would nW look alt all nice when they pulled him out. I'd nrodh rather you drowned me. There would foe some sense in that. <I havo had all The fim I am in tended to get out dt this life, I believe" "AH right," replied Sfcina. "I don't •tnlnd, if I may come too. I abadl have to choose a nit* deep p&ce; ; aad you prom4s'. not to yell when I duiek your head ? You'd Jook charming if you'd only let your hair down first ! 'And you really must not flshrt, for you are much stronger than I aan, you know !" " Fancy the article iu ' Panfulla1 !" laughed Olympla : " Sensational double aui cide ! Society convulsed ! Gozzadinl trying jto look sorry, and your moher having live hundred masses said for your wicked little soul ! When life is really too dull we will think about it, Carlo ; but not to-day." " I am sure you are expecting a box from Worth. I believe that knowledge would keep you alive without food for a week What Is It this time ? Another ball dress ? Do tell me about it !" Carlo was a dear, fair little man, who took the most lively interest in the gowns of bis women friends ; and they loved him for it. The meal proceeded noisily, as all such sham rural feasts do. Sir Maxwell Llnd burst reminisced romantically, and quite touched Lady Bva by the tender tones he managed to throw into his very commanding voice. She became more and more absorbed in him, exactly as he intended her to be, and was giving her such a charming description of herself as she appeared1 when he first saw her twenty years ago—only you may be sure the wily old soldier did not mention the date I —that she did not realise the meaning of a little stir on the opposite side of the table until too late. Orazio, thinking it high time to break up the low- toned dialogue between Honora and Gerald, had proposed to Bianca Vald'oro that they should start on the round of the water falls. " All by ourselves ?" aaid Bianca, looking scared and delighted. " You can bring Miss Dering if you don't wish to come alone,*' said he. "Donna Olym pia 1« always lazy about these things, and lady Eva has not finished her lunch. It Is close by. We don't need *ny chaperons." " Honora," said Bianca across Orazio, " let's go down to the waterfall." " I am coming, too ?" said Gerald, rather beseechingly, as Honora rose from her seat. " Yes, please," said Honora, for the second time that day. And so, before Lady Bva knew what had happened, all the younger part of the company had wandered out of sight under the dark arcades leading away from the bower on the terrace. She noted that Orazio was missing as well as her daughter, and laid that fact as balm to her heart. Though she bad lived so many years in Italy, she was still sufficiently English in mind to imagine that the romantic surround ings might warm up Orazlo's evident ad miration to the point of—even a proposal in form ! . She would have been immensely sur prised to know that, imperfect though he was, he would have fallen hopelessly in bis own estimation had he been entrapped into really making love to a young girl of hia own class. In his small and sufficiently wicked world the married Olympias were fair game—they could take care of them selves ; but a man who approached a girl except by the time-honoured method of asking her from her parents would have been considered guilty of the worst sort of bad form. All that he counted on doing to-day was to make a good impression on Miss Dering ; to show bhnself in amiasje lights where she could not help looking at him ; in fact, to become the central figure in her .eyes, and to pay her a little grave attention, but not enough to cheapest that Jewel in her ap preciation. He was very much chagrined at AKonso's stupid hospitality, but be could say nothing to him, and must make' the best of it now. Olympia should have man aged better, and he promised himself to be unusually disagreeable whenever he bad time to settle accounts with her. They had come out into the sunshine and had walked some little way before they reached a winding path which led, with many a sharp turn, to the valley of the waterfalls. That beautiful piece of scenery was not at all "close by," as Orazio had declared to Bianca. The young lady was feeling a little nervous at having so entirely broken away from her sister's duennaship, but took comfort in the fact that two of the party were English, people who took such matters very lightly of course, and that after all it was Olympia's fault for not following her.. A lit'tle gate had to be unlocked before they could begin the descent, and Honora thought that Prince Porsenna must be a very kind man when she saw him talking graciously to the slow-eyed peasant whom he had called to open it; Orasto asked the man about himself and his children, whether tttey had the fever up there, what sort of a " padrone" he Worked for, and finally brought Joy and surprise into his face by giving him a silver piece for bis palas. " He was pleased," said Honora to Onudo a* ske passed through the gate. '• Be* kindly you spoke to him !" And her Bweet eyes flashed approval on him. " Who would not be kind to a poor half starved crealture like that ?" replied the Trinca modestly. •• Poveracclo ! I was sorry (or him. He belongs to the Sinlscalchis. fcud they never do anything for their people." " Do you look after your people much at Oliveto V asked Honora. The great Por senna estates were well known, and she had heard of parties being made up to visit the place she mentioned. Otrazio turned and looked at her gravely for a moment before he spake. " I would like to take care of 'them," he •aid at laat, "if anybody would show me how. But what do I know ? It takes a woman's heart to understand the sick people, and the little children, and the poor old women." " But your mother ?" ventured Honora. suddenly looking up at him with kindling eyes ; " haw happy «he must be to be able to do so mucb !" There wtas a ring of longing in her voice. Orasio soar that be had accidentally strucV ft note "by which the girl's character might be led and dominated. " There is room for more to be done still." He spoke very gently, and stooped down to disentangle Her dress from a brier; when he rose he let his wonderful eyer. rest for a moment full on her lace, and did not take them away tHI he saw the colour begin to deepen under his gaze. iHonora hurried on. after tha:, and In n \xoment they had rejoined Gerald and Btanca, who were waiting for them on a little platform made <by an overhanging rock at the turn of the path. Gerald hart no intention of letting Oraxio walk all the way down with his cousin, although they were reaching a point where the roar of \he torrent made talking an impossibility. HaW a town lies buried under those awful rocks, and where the treacherous river hurled 'them on men and women and children in one shrieking mass, the air is always rent with screams and groans, such as no other torrent utters in all the world tnd the guides who lead travellers down the ravine tell them that thoae are <th« cries of the poor lost souls who uad no time to pray before ruin took them. You may see them, poor ghosts, in the wild spray wreaths, turning and writhing over that dark abyss, where the river, having wrought its cruel will, plunges into the heart of the earth and is lost, roar'ng in the darkness, to emerge far below in the plain, a sunny stream watering the wheat and the vines, and singing a happy sonic on its way. forgetting the death-wails in the caverns of the hills. The thunder of the water shook the ground under their feet, and the girls' chedks blanched a little as they cast lower and nearer tor the blind gulr where the black flood lost Itself. At last they stood on a flat rock, drenched with spray too near the whirlpools for perfect safety. Bianoa was hanging back, her hand on Gerald's urm, but Honont's' Northern blood (began to dance at fee fine bit of danger, and she was leaning far over the slight railing, wnich had been set more as a signal than a safeguard on the edge of the etonc. It was but a crazy thing, and gave visibly, even under the weight of the light young figure, as Honora with both arms crossed on it, bent over, and , listened to the strange cries of the rushing water. Orazio was beside her, standing up right, leaning his clasped hands on his stick behind him. Gerald marked the careless attitude, the apparent indifference with which he let the girl place herself in some peril, while bis eyes wandered over her hair, her neck, the pure round of her young cheek. A wave of heat swept over Gerald, and he felt bis wrists tingle with a sudden fire of anger. He shook Bianca's hand off his arm, and strode to Honora's side. " Omne back, Honor," he said, almost ronghly, touching her arm. Then he turned to Porsenna. " What do you mean by let ting her lean over like that ?" he asked. ' You know it's not safe." Honora straightened herseM at his touch, and laughingly shook the rail with both hands to show him how strong.it was. " See," she cried In her girlish treble, " Ip is quite strong--ah !" As she leaned backwards the rotten thine snapped wftlh a dull crack, and for one mo ment of nameless horror Honora felt her feet slipping towards the abyss. But her Itme had not dome yet, and even as the shat" tered bits of railing whirled round on the seething water before being swept away into the darkness, Gerald's arm was round her, and Gerald had drawn her back to safety. His face was set and white, and be was keep ing back a flood of words which would have burst forth now that she was on her feet beside him, pale too. but more at what she saw in bis eyes than at the death she had missed. "My Honor, my Honor!"—his lips were forming the words dumbly. She read and understood, though no sound escaped. Orazio hardly moved, ne had suddenly become aware, not for the first time in his life, of a second personality within him—a creature which in a moment grew and swelled, and filled the human husk called Orazio Poraenna to the very edge and brim of being. This creature leapt into hungry life, atfd aH at once cried out with Joy at the imagined sight of two human beings, a man and a maid, young and warm and full of life, whirling down to death in the black guK like those broken sticks. At Gerald's angry words these Neronic fancies passed away, and Orazio realised that he must quickly set to work to make his peace with Honora. He thought she would be sure to resent his apathy in not catching bold of her frock and generally pulling bee to pieces for her own good, as " that beast of an iSSnglisbman" had done. Orazio was so far from (Honora's mind Just then that she bad ceased to be con tfotous of bis existence. In one breaSthlear, supreme moment love had called her, and she bad answered. She knew the crowning grace had come, and her transfigured soul bung silent and ecstatic on its radiance. She and Gerald walked on for a few paces, dumb and dazzled—tout holding each other's bands like two children. It may be long •before they have another happy hour to gether, to we will not follow too closely. Orazio was .understood to explain to his friends, through the sympathising Bianoa. that Mies iDering inspired bJm with swft profound reverence 4tet he felt it impowiMe to lay ten* open her, even to save her life. Her guardian angel wu tha only per son who was fit to touch her. ... . OHtAFHBB IV. "How can I. Gerald, when they aay It la vron-g ? Oh ! mother, mother, why did you over let me see fclm ?" And Honora turned away with a~ passion ate gesture and bowed ner bead on her bands, leaning against the mantelshelf. They were in Lady Ms drawing-room that looked towards the hills. The green blinds were closed and the air was heavy with scents of flowers, and hot with the later heats of June. •Lady ÜBva was seated on a low divan at the other side of the fireplace, and she look ed both frightened and obstinate, as Ger ald, beside her, leaned forward with tightly clasped hands, and poured forth a torrent of pleading. He turned his head quickly as Honora spoke. " You shut up, Honor dear,", he sail! bluntly, but his voice softoned as he spoke her name. " I'll make it all straight to your mother, never fear. You two de- ar things have been muddling: about abroad till you have forgotten what'3 rlglit and what's wrong in England, and that's the only place that matters to us anyhow." " Don't talk in that wild way, please, Ger «ld," said his aunt, opening and shuti ing a ; large fan with some nervousness. " ( You ; arc Honora's cousin as much in England ai ! in Rome, and the Church forbids such mar- ! riages. What would all our friends here ! says ?" (Honora raised her head and looked at her mother with a little scorn in her dark eyes. : She knew already that her cause was lost, | it least as far as her mother's approbation , could affect it ; but Gerald was pleading ! still. j " It's done every day, Aunt Eva. in eouii* ! tries a jolly sight better than this one ! And it's done in this one every time tner« is any- < thing like a real reason for it, Isn't it, now ? And after all, one of us isn't a Catholic, so it isn't more than half-a-ein anyway !" j Honora smiled outright in the midst of her trouble at this most original view of the case. i (Lady Eva only looked shocked. It was a convenient way of silencing Gerald, and she had really nothing to aay to his arguments. ! They were all perfectly valid, except per- j haps the last, but she did not wish Honora I to understand that. She knew very well ■that, though the Church discourages mar- ; rtages between cousins for expedient reasons, •xceptions are made to the rule when hoth families especially desire such a marriage. That these two children should have fallen la love and have told- each other of it in *w«atv-four hours was a fact which had given Lady Eva a heavy shock. She felt really 111 and miserable, and almost old. She was sure of her daughter, however, and knew that if she could persuade her to believe that 1 •uch a marriage was wrong in itself, she j could trust to the girl's fine young conscience to put Gerald away from her for ever. ! Honor's bravest virtue was to be used to break Honor's heart. " It is no good, Gerald," she said.despair* Ingly. "If it's wrong, it's wrong, and I won't—think— —" Oerald sprang from his place and went to wards her. His eyes were aflame* with love and anger, and his hands took both hers in a grasp that seemed as" if it meant to bold for "You won't think of me, Honor ?" he -cried. " You won't think of how I love you, ! and you love me, love me, love me ! There is but one sin possible here, and that's theirs if they keep us apart." JBut Honor was standing up very straight now, and she faced Oerald bravely. There was something in her eyes Which made him drop her hands. She put them behind her, «nd two big tear* rolled unheeded down her checks as she said : ',,. 441 Relieve I *hall always think of your Gerald ; but I'll never see you again if they say it is wrong. Perhaps mother has made a mistake." Lady Eva had risen now, and placed her* eelf by her daughter's side. " There can be no possible mistake, my dear," she said in a ratfher unsteady voice. The heart in her had waked up at the sound of the young man's passionate plea/1- i ing, and sh« felt that the scene must come to an end if she were still to hold he/ ground. So she repeated her words, and could not keep a sympathetic tremor out of toer voice. " There can be no miltake albout such a —«uoh a very., very solemn question as that, | Honora. You know quite well what Padre Damiano would say albout it." Here Gerald broke in. "By everything that's true, I'll know what Padre what's ■fcis-name and all the other Padres in Rome cay about it, Aunt Eva ! I'll go to the Pope himself—4l*ll write to the ' Times.' If 8 a buruing shame, and it's not to be '." " I will go and see Padre Damiano in the morning," said Honora. "He is so kin) iiU'l Just—'l know he can make it right for u»." Then she held out her hand like a little queen, and bade him go, and return next day to hear the verdict. She had felt her strength in some subtle way since this, tlie ' Drat great reality at lite, had faced her, and •he no longer turned to her mother for per mission end support as she wouhl havs done a week ago. Gerald took the hand, and all unwittingly iwrung it fiercely, so that *he small finger3 •abed. Honora never winced, but smiled Into his eyes ; and Lady Bva dropped back into her chair, and ordeWd tea the moment he wag gone. When the tea Had stilled that qualm at tier heart f<he found courage to be very crow with Honora. The girl had created an hnposefble situation for them all. What did she mean by letting her cousin see Chic rtK cared for him ? Did she suppose that any of her friends—(Bianca, for instance— mouM have behaved in audh a forward, in dtocreet manner ? What did she think 9ur poor gMfia would have said. Where* upon Honora burnt into a storm of weeping, ■Dd fled away to her turret-room to bide her stuune. Perhaps this was what Lady Era wished, •for the moment after Htwora had shut the door she rose wtth sudden energy, pinfeed (the tea-table aside, and rang tae bell. "Order tine broogtaut «t one*," 4b* **M To Ifce servant wfeo antwrul ft, , fill fee ONAiima.) ' 