Tenders are invited elsewhere by the District Council of Georgetown for works required to be clone. We have received a copy of the third issue of " Fauldings Medical Journal," a vtuy Uocltil ciuu iiioei uoiiiig uo- voted to medicine, diet, sanitary science and published by Messrs Faulding and Co., of Adelaide. The sheep stealing case at Laura on Monday lsfc, created a deal of interest. For years past the proprietors of Wirrab- ara Station have missed sheep, but all their, efforts to catch the thief have been fruitless. From the fact that thirty-five sheep were missed during three months from one paddock it is. supposed that dur ing the past twenty years thousands have been stolen. A ghost story is to hand from the Clyde in the shape of a narrative published by the Glasgow Weekly-. Mail, which has a steam yacht for its locale. A month or two ago, we read, the yacht in question was anchored in Rothesay Bay, when one of the hands was drowned at that cold eerie hour known as the V. turn o'; the tide." The skipper, and another man joined the yacht next day. Just a night or . so after they joined the vessel they were startled, by hearing seven distinct knocks in, the forecastle. They looked out, examined the yacht, an,!,, found noth ing to account for the weird sounds, were mystified, Th,e knocking continued ; th- n after a while. It stopped, but from the sensational incident, for they were the only two persons on board, that sn.t up aud_ wondere 1 what the sound could have been. A night or two afterwards two- gentiemm were on board at the hour when the rap- i ping and ratting amongst the pots corn-' ' menced, and one of- th,em, shouted over to I where the skipper and engineer w. ere ' resting, " Were, you knocking, captain V' The yacht was orders' 1 by its owner to sail to the Kyles, 'whore it is use. I every J day- by a gentleman and his party. The j two. men are left on hoard at night. Toe ! other night at T3; 15. the knocking begin, 'and, to their horror, the lil of a pot wis : flung at them, and stnuk the lad ler be tween their bails. " In the name of God, syhat are yon 1" shrieked the ciptain, " Speak, £ say, !i speik ! if yon want any thing, make, a, sign." That instant the noises ceased. The lid of the pot, it is said, could; not. have fallen off, for it was oni the. pot when seep,, last. Next morning the sounds couimonce ! at this selfsame hour and lasted, the. nsujil time, till after 1 o'clock. The noise respmbled a poker being hit on a grate and. thp. sound; of bare feet hurrying along the deck, overhead. There were no trace of. rata on board, The two men, thinking that the ' spook": might be concerned about some belongings searched the yacht through and through, but came upon neither money nor anything else. The captain is said to. be- a. seaman of proved courage, a life abstainer, a regu lar churchgoer when, at home, and not . superstitious, 