THE OLD THIEF'S FATAL DREAM. HAUNTED BY AN OILSKIN SUIT. The clever writer of the series of character sketches in the'"Westminster Gazette," who has " created " Archie Sloss, the notorous Glasgow burglar, tells in his most recent article how the old man was befooled by a dream. He says : There is snuffling piety about Archie. His efforts are leavered with terrible knowledge, with bitter experience. I ventured to ask him about Danny Burns. " Oh yes, said Archie, " Danny knows my career. Danny and me got that seven years I was a tellin' you of together. We was both in the same job." " Oh, that's how it was! What was the job Archie ?" "Well, we was both down on the knuckle-stony broke -the drink had fair got hold of us-tools gone, clothes gone-we was right on the knuckle. 'it's a bud lookout, Danny,' aays I-we was takin' a ramble down Oxford-street one dark night-long ago now-about twelve o'clock, both as dry as a kiln. Archie,' says Danny, see-there's a swell bloke I ' He'd just come in the light of a lamp. ' Let's cop him, Danny,' says I. " You get in front of him--quick. And I'll put the hug on.' " With stealthly gestures which made my flesh creep, Archie played the drama for me-and put the hug on my humble person. Two hands ful of bony fiogers round my throat, head fixed In a flashy vice, a gasp, a horrid gargle. In the middle of the Ponteville-road I was rifled of all my possessions, and left for dead-so to speak. " Archie ! gently ! So that's putting the hug on, is it ? Well, I'm glad you've seen the errorr of your ways ! ! ! " " Sixty pound was in the pocket-book," Archie went on, not heeding my exclamations, " Sixty pound-but we never sea the colour of it; wen both had to fly. Danny darts one way, I another, and they copped as both. We met in the dock, and went to Portland together -seven years for highway robbery with violence. And that were the last job I done with Danny Burns. But we was soon separated." " Sep- arated ! " " Aye-and a very long distance.' " Oh I how was that ? " " By a dream." And making our way slowly towards King's Cross, Archie related the following incidents to me, heedless of the hum of men, the roll of traffic. " When I done my solitary confinement they takes me off-cheens and all-to the quarries agin, and puts me in a quiet corner amoothin' stones-big stones they was, too, weighed more nor a ton each. They showed me how to do it, and then lelt me to my devices. ' Well,' says I, * Archie ! this is a nice easy job as they've given ye. Easier nor long handed shovels, easier nor picks, and safer nor wheeling a barrow along a foot plank by a long ways. Give me terry firmy. No fear of breakin' your neck at this job.' So I grinds away at the stone until I feels tired, which was very soon, and then I sits me down to get my wind agin. " Hallo I Archie, what ever's that ?' I cried. I was fair taken aback, for I thought I see the warder hangin' up by a hook in the tool hut, close to me. I looks agin-hard. Is it a dead man ?' says I. Then I burst out laughing. It was only a suit of oilskins dryin', but it give me a bad turn, bein' rayther weak after so much bread and water. But that night I sea'em agin - they comes a walkin' in on nothin', makin' no noise, an' gleamin' all yellow in the dark-the whole suit o' oilskins, sou'-wester an' all. I'm ot a moan that's easy skeered. but if ever I was it was then. ' Archie, Archie.' ' Good Lord I he's a -talking" to me ! ' I cries. I sits up in my bed, the sweat pourin' off me ' Archie, it said agin, ' Why don't you put me on and skedaddle?' And then it flew out o' the winder- bars notwithstanding. When the warder leaves me to my business in the mornin', I lifts my lamps (my eyes, of course),and there he was hangin' up from the 'ook as much like a dead man as ever. ' You villian !' cries I , shakin' my fist at him, all my irons ringing like a blacksmith's shop. ' What d'ye mean by disturbin' of a 'ard workin'man at his rest ? WVhat d'ye mean by it ?" And then I stopped as if I were froze. 'I will put ye on and skedaddle ' cries I. I should never have thought of it if he hadn't put it into my head. I hears some o' the men titterin'. ' Why are tbey laughing ?' says I. But I never turns my head,though every second I expecks to hear the alarm. But no-and soon I reaches the bridge. SArchie !' says 1. ' Arche-another minute and ye'll be safe acrost, and hi for sweet liberty !' I alteis Ialdly on to the bri ige. and tramps along towards the sentry, who stood about midway. "Who goes there ? Halt !' he cries. 'Hullo ' I says, and my heart fair lept to my mouth. His gun was up and pintin' at me. 'Don't fire, ye fool,' I shouts; ' I'm a free man goiu' home to my wife and childer.' There were lots o' free men workin' about the place you know. ' Who are ye ?' he cries, standin' close to me in the middle of the road, still aimin'. 'Don't, I tell ye. I'm a free man-Archibald Sloss-goin' home to my wife and childer.' I was quite angry with him. 'Goin' home to your wife and children ! ' he cries, claps his hand on me, pulls open my yellow coat-and theer was my nice iron bangles and my cheens exposed to view. It was an awful exposure. Will ye surrender quietly ?' says he, diggin' me with the end of the bayonet, and than he whistles, and in a minute I was surrounded. Well, it couldn' t be helped ; ' but,' says I to the sentry, ' why didn't you take my word ?' With that they all begins to laugh. 'Take your word !-word of a man what wears a oilskin suit when the sun's a-shinin'? " And so it was, and I fair gnashed my teeth to think how I'd been deceived. " They march me to my cell, and all the way I kep' bangin' the oilskin suit about and abusin' it-' Why don't ye put me on and ske- daddle ? ' Oh! damn yez. I made up myn mind I'd never put trust in a ghost no more never. I've never believed in 'em since. The liars. Well, I knew I was in for it no0. The next day I'm brought before the Governor, and I'm charged firstly-with stealin' the oilskins; secondly, with tryin' to make my escape. ' Archie,' says I, ' It's like a sermon, with its firstly and its sacondly- and what'll thirdly be ? ' I knew. ' It's all quite right, sir,' says I. ' I've tried and falied. 'll try agin, though.' In a week's time cames the visiting magis- trate. ' In it true ? ' sys he. ' What's the good o' askin' me,' says I. ' You won't believe me, whatever I say.' Yes-I will if you speak the truth.' ' Well, sir, it's this way-when the Governor gets a lot o' convicts and hands them over to the warder, it's his 'business to keep 'em, ain't it ? And on the other hand, it's the business of the convicts to get away if they can. What do you say, sir ? Now, ain't I telling the truth.' 'Oh!' says the visiting Magis- trate, angry like. ' There-didn't I say you wouldn't believe me I knowed it.' ' Did you steal the warder's oilskins ?' ' Steal 'em, no. I took the loan of 'em-that's all.' ' Well, for borrowin' 'em you shall have a month's bread and water, and twenty-eight more pounds weight of irons--for six months. Oh I thank ye, old fellow, Pile it up.' And for attempting to escape you shall have a warm breakfast to morrow morning-and fifty lashes. And you'll wear the canary jacket.' ' Thank ye, sir, then I will be a toff. Fancy me in a canary jacket ! Mind I don't flap my wings and fly away.' All that night I saw yellow agin- only this time it was a bird, the like o' which I'd never seen fere, sitting astride a cat wt' nine tails, whining o'er me. I tossed and turned, and cwe tIqim' to ratch the thing all night through. I was fair tired out in the morning. At half- pant five the bell rings, and up I get, washes mysel', cleans my cell, and sits me down. 'Archie,' says I, ' I wonder if it hurts '--fr I'd never had any before. ' Well, old man, ye can't grumble. anyways. You've wrought for it, and it's only your deserts.' I was a fair- minded man. I'd have made a good judge, I believe, if I'd been properly eddicated. But as the time went on my back begins to creep badly. 'Cheer up. Archie.' says I. Aye. I was always a talkin' to mynel'. I'd no other friend as cared for me so much as Archie. ' Cheer up-nere mind--bear it like a man, and ye'll have a nice warm brcakfas' instead o' that cold water and dry bread.' And sure enough, they brings me a bowl o' hot ccooa and some bread and butter. At ten they leads me out to execution. They strips me to the waist. lashes me to the triangle, and in a minute down comes number one. Very warmin',' says I. " Knives ! ' says I to number two. But they couldn't get a yell out o' me. With number three comes blood. But they never got more nor a groan out o' my poor body. No. When it was over and I'd had my fifty, they takes me to my cell, washes my back and dresses it with hog's lard. ' Oh, Paradise I ' cries I. ' But I was worse nor I thought. ' Take him to the hospital,' says the doctor, in the afternoon. ' Oh ! you foolish man,' he says. " Why don't you behave yourself.' ' Behave myself ! Para- dise I ' I murmurs. I could scarcely restrain my joy ' Paradise !' I had chopo, beef tea. arrowroot, rice pudden, pitatys. I lies soft and warm. I gets lot o' baccy. Lots o' talk. And nothing to do. Behave myself ! I lived like a proper Dook for five weeks-and on the sixth Monday my name was read out to go to Australy as a desperate character. Me! a desperate character. I was like a lamb. And that's how me and Danny Burns got eparated-all along of a dream." 