Jk. »torr with u JHorial. It ia not our provinco to supply pnr readers with amusing stories. 'Our work is ' to ' disseminate interesting and' useful information applicable to rural pursuits. Aa, however, the following little story carries with it an obviouB application, we give it as it was related by. the. Hon. J. Y. Chataway at the late anniversary meeting of the Chamber of Commerce in Brisbane : "Two frogs fell into a dish of milk. Ono of the frogs was of the despairing helpless kind. He battled for some time, and then coming to the eonolusion that the fates were against him, ho gave ap the struggle and the ghost at the same time. The other frog waa a more optimlstio individual. . He had no idea of giving in so long as he could make a fight for existence. He there I fore strnok out briskly, and kept going BO long that at last he fonnd himself landed high and dry on a pat of batter. He had worked or rather obnrned out his own salvation." The moral of thia story lieth in the application thereof. Many a man engaged in farming or other rural pursuits gets on all right till difficulties ocour, and then losing heart he gives np the struggle and goes down, whilst other men never give in whilst there ia tho slightest chance of pulling things round. Snob, men usually find themselves safely landed on the pat ot butter. ADVANCES TO SETTLBBS.-A lange number of selectors are taking advantage of the. privileges oonferred by the Advances to Settlers' Aot. We learn that a proportion of the 1850 applications reoelved oame from tho Clárenos,. The Board have granted advances in numerous oases, but, aa might be expected, there are plenty of instances in whioh tho Board oould not Bee its way to afford the relief -. asked. The trouble about the administration of the Aot ÍB that those who are in the most necessitous circumstances cannot reoelve assistance,' as there woald be a certain amount of risk involved in advanolng on the Beourities they could offer. The fairly well-to-do settler, whose position is regarded as safe, may obtain a sum to improve his land, the Crown being assured that re-payment can tte made as required. Bat the individual who is èmbarrassed will have to straggle along against the adversity that has made his assets an unsafe security from the standpoint of the State money lender. Under these circumstances, it is only what might be termed fairly well-to-do settlers who will be advantaged by the Advances to Settlers' Act. FBDIT PESTS.-The restrictive regulations pre- venting the import ot infeoted fruit to the other colonies ia having good effeot. Orobardista dis- covered that nnleaa their fruit ia free from disease it oannot be Bent to outside markets, and as a con- sequence they are taking steps to exterminate fruit pests from' their trees.' In this they are assisted by the Department of Agrionlture, who intimate that the .entomologist will give fall particulars bf the treatment necessary to deal with the various forms of. inseots that infest fruit trees. On the other hand the regulations imposed by N. S. Wales on imported fruit have the effect of improving the quality. At one time there were wholesale con- demnations, but last week out of 10.470 caaes of apples and pears from Hobart only 299 «rora con- demned, ana of 7C,C50 bnnohes bananas. imported, only 69 were objeoted to. ; j A NEW GRASS.-Mr. B. Vowell, formerly Boad Superintendent at the Tweed, has discovered a new grass, whioh is well reported of for stock. It is oalled paspalum compression, and is identical with the Louisiana, or carpet grass, of the Southern United States. The Government Botanist waa not aware of its existence in the colony, but states it is an excellent pasture grass, and he will give details respecting it in a future issue ot the' Agricultural Gazette. Thia description af paspalum grows well on the North Coast, where tried. ; HABDENING PLOUGHSHARE ' POINTS.-A Vic- torian farmer, who regularly gets the" Queensland Agricultural Journal," sends it the following : " Frequently the patience of a farmer is seriously tried by working, with a share which is so very muoh worn on tho under sida that it is diffioalt to' keep it in the ground. To remedy this, when a blacksmith ia not conveniently available, thai farmer should get a portable forge and anvil, and dress the shara himself. When dressed, : put it book into the fire, and at the same time put,a pieoe of ' hard oast iron in with it. When both have ooma to a> white heat, take .them' out and rub the oast iron well on the under Bide of the share point, after whioh .plunge the share, into, oold water.' This process will leave a ooating of very hard chilled iron on the share-point, whioh will last a 'long - time. - Our correspondent says the above mode of dressing ploughshares, under the oiroumstanoes: stated,.ia not. generally knowjn in the part of Viotoria in whioh he resides, but he has used the process himself, and caa vouch for it beiog n good one. FELLING TIMBBB DUBING THE WANING MOON, Thia has been generally regarded as an old-world superstition' without a basia of foot. ' In a late paper on " Modern Gold-mining in tho Darien," Bepnblio of Columbia, S.A., presented to tho Amerioan Institute ot Mining Engineers, ¿Mr. Ernest B. Woakes, of Panama, has some notes on this head. He says that tho country is completely covered with forests ; but not 50 per cent, of the trees are fit for lumber, and about 25 per cent are not even good for firewood. " Unless all timber ia felled in the waning moon," says Mr. Woakes, " it will commence to rot almost as soon at cut, due, probably, to the rapid fermentation and decom- position of the tap, whioh is j supposed to be present in the wood in greatest* quantity during the waning moon." Mr, Woakes says' that he expects engineers, to laugh at the idea ; bat. he warns the scoffers that experience is. abundant in Bupportof the theory ; and lumbermen from'tho Western States, who came there to get oar timber for tho stamp-mills, and refused to ¿bey the native waining, found that nearly all their sawn timber rotted before the carpenters could use it, " Engineering News." PICKLE FOB OBBISO , HAUS OB BACON.-^TÜO following picklehas boon tried in many ways in large faotories and small, as well os in tho house- hold, and can bo relied upon to give perfeot results. It ia, of ooaree, assumed that the hams or baoon aro sweet when put into the pickle : 501b. salt, Clb, oane sugar, 51b. pure saltpetre, and 51b. food antiseptio. Make this up to 20 gallons, and boil and skim till clear. The flavour mny be made more piquant bj adding juniper berries, nbuut llb, j and llb. coriander seed. They may be put in a canvas bag and allowed to float about in the piokle. " I wish to let farmers know a certain arni cheap preventive of the bird poBt at sowing time," o Vlotorian correspondent writes.,. " It is to first wet tho seed, by dipping, a bushel or two. at a time, contained in a bag,' in a tub of water. .Allow the grain to remain in the wator for a few minutes, so ns to get thoroughly wet. Then lift the grain and empty it on a olean floor; When the required amount of grain is wet in this manner, dry ic with superphosphate. ThoBeod is now ready for BOW-. lng, and I will guarantee no birds will eat it or pall it up. This also has the further advantage that it manures the seed in a very economical.and effioient manner. The manuring of the; seed in this way will give it a good start. . Should it bo desired, tho grain maybe pickled with bluestone, by dissolving it in the water need to wet the grain; and it will then prevent smut in the crops," »'. " ? Stringy, milk cnn ba oared by keeping the 'oows olean. . .< . :..( -i ,'i.'-j ; -tte '..'>: OOLEMANE'S ETJOALYPTE EXTBAOT.., -, For Colds, Coughs, Winter Chiite, and Chest Com- plaints generally. ' The world's standard remedy. Absoluto parity guaranteed.*''.' m.. 