A Houlli ttea Tragedy. I b b *te&mer; Moresby arrived at Sydney ‘■n Tuesday morning after a cruise through British New Guinea and New Britain. Tbe Moresby has brought regarding the tiea Ghost massacre and the punishment of tberirgleaders, The flea Ghost, a 16 ton cotter, was recently chartered for the Island trade. She was in charge of Captain Kol< shorn, and the other members of her crew consisted of half a-dozeo native* recruited in Bismarck Archi pel ago. Tbe cutter sailed under German trie (or, and on leaving her beadqQ&rterf; made for the German Holomon Islands. I t was at one oftbeseislandBCalled Buka th at the flea Ghost made' her first call, a*>d she ban hardly reached an anchorage before tnere was an attack on tbe orew b r the shore natives. Jhe natives, as ufdaI, pni off fmm the shore in csnoes his anxiety to keep the Tessel clear of dangerous reefn tho captain had not noticed that they were swarming on board the cutter. Captain Eolsborn was descending the rigging when the attack was made. I t was a complete surprise for him, and. being unarmed, he had no poenible chance of defending himself. H e fell mortally woonded on the deekj bis body, wo the story goes, being horribly butchered, Font of the native craw made a desperate fight, but odds were iderably against them, aod they were soon overcome. The other two natives were taken prisoners, bnt (hey by some means or other managed to esoape. Meanwhile the vessel had been run ashore, and havmg been looted of everything of value she wai| subsequently de slroyetj. The captain’s'body had been thrown overboard, and the remains of our native seamen werp taken to the 1'tege for t cannibalistic feast. Tho report reached New Britain in due course, and a punitive expedition, in charge of Judge flchnee, visited the scene and succeeded to capturing theftstive who was a ringleader io the attack on the unfortunate crew of the cutter. He was duly tried at Herbertshobe Imoro Judge flchnee, end condemned to be banged. The execution was expected to take place shortly after the Moresby left for flydoey. Another item of news brooRht by the Moresby was the destruction by fire of a store containing 86 tons of copra at flhortlaad Island. The store, which Wat owned by M r Tindall, is supposed to have been set oo fire by native*. Enquiries were being made with tbe view of bring the culpnts to justice RioinjoNb.—Keep up to date. The fbird Edition of the tfzwa i* supplied hr?“1?11 *8efi:,Mr Anderson, f J K l S S ^ " * r domgn, 