CHARACTER SKETCHES OF SOME OF THE BOER LEADERS. Mr. Lacky's appreciation of President Kruger, at the opening meeting of the College Historical So- ciety in the University of Dublin three years ago, is (says the " St James's Gazette ") of interest at the present moment. He said of the President of the Transvaal Republic :—" I can speak of him with some personal knowledge. He has been more than once in my house, and I have come in contact with several men who have known him well. In many respects he resembles strikingly the stern Puritan warrior of the Commonwealth—a strong, stubborn man, with indomitable courage and resolution, with very little tinge of cultivation, but with rare natural shrewdness in judging men and events he impresses all who are in contact with him with the extraordinary force of his nature. He is the father of no less than 17 children. He belongs to a sect called the Doppers which is de- rived from a Dutch word for an extinguisher, be- cause they are desirous of extinguishing all novelties since the Synod of Dorp. Ardently religious, he is said to believe as strongly as Wesley in a direct per- sonal inspiration guiding him in his acts. He is a great hunter of the most savage wild beasts. One finger is wanting on one of his hands ; it was broken in a hunting expedition, and it is a characteristic trait that he then and there amputated it himself. In a semi-regal position, and with even more than regal power, he lives the life of a peasant, and although, I believe, an essentially just, wise, and strong man, he has all his countrymen's dread of an immigration of an alien element and all their dislike and suspicion of an industrial and mining community." Of the pressure of family influence in public life there is for too much (says a correspondent of the "Pall Mall Gazette"). The President, in particular, has been a most unblushing practitioner of nepotism. His relations fill many of the most important posts. Piet Grobler, a grandson, a man of some energy but of no real education, occupies the important post of Under-Secretary of State, and exercises no small in- fluence in high politics. Another grandson, Piet Kruger, was appointed over the heads of many senior men to the place of Master of the High Court, though possessed of no legal training or experience whatever. One of Kruger's younger sons, a notorious "wastrel," also destitute of education and official experience is in control of the Secret Service Fund which has on one occasion at least amounted to £120,000 in a single year. Another grandson, Hans Malan, is Chief Inspector of Roads, and yet another is in command of the fort at Johannesburg. The husband of one of his granddaughters is Assistant State Attorney. The list might be greatly extended if notice were taken of remoter family con- nections. The "Daily Mail" adds some character sketches of the chief Boer leaders. Of General Piet Joubert it says : " Long-headed, shrewd, cold, and calcu- lating, he is also by no means a typical Boer. He has paid two or three visits to England, and perhaps is one of the three or four in the inner Government circles in Pretoria who realises what war with Eng- land would mean. Still, he in no way lacks physi- cal courage ; he has shown that time and again. He is essentially a time-server, a trimmer, a sitter- on-the-fence. When he contested the Presidential election against Kruger no one took his can- didature very seriously, he was so obviously put up as a vote-splitter to ensure Kruger's return. His religious tenets are not ob- trusive, and he has never been found out in any very bad financial transactions. As a general in the field he is cool and clever, and a thoroughly expert exponent of Boer fighting tactics, which are mainly of the 'sniping' order. He has now gone to the Natal border at Volksrust ; the next best Boer com- mander, Cronje, of Doornkop fame, being on the Marico frontier, towards Mafeking." Commandant Joubert's adjutant-general is a German named Adolph Schiel. Some 30 years ago (says the " Daily Graphic ") Herr Schiel, then a youth of about 20 was a lieutenant of Prussian hussars. He quitted the German service to emigrate to South Africa, arriving in the land of gold and diamonds without a penny. He first found employ- ment with a German colonist in Natal as a trans- port rider, and in this capacity travelled over the bet- ter part of South Africa. He then married a daughter of a German missionary, and entered the Transvaal State service. The Government sent him on a mis- sion to the Zulu chief Dinizulu, whose chief Induna and councillor he became. This was the period of Boer intrigues to evade the frontier limitations of the London Convention. Acting under instructions from Pretoria, Schiel persuaded Dinizulu to send him on a mission to Berlin, where he vainly tried to persuade Prince Bismarck to intervene in the affairs of Zulu- land. Happily the promptitude of the British Government defeated this intrigue, and Schiel returned to the Transvaal. He was appointed Native Commissioner for the Northern Province. Here he devoted himself to pacifying the natives, and at the same time acquired a fine farm, which he named Rosbach. Schiel's next post was that of Chief Prisons Inspec- tor of the Transvaal. Later on he received the appointment of Captain of Artillery, and was sent to Berlin to perfect himself in gunnery tactics, to buy artillery, and draw up plans for the forts and fort- resses now dotted about the Republic. After the Jameson raid Herr Schiel found his hands full in completing the armaments of the Transvaal. The Johannesburg fort was built under his direct super- vision, and he was its first commandant. He is now General Joubert's tactical " ghost, " and it is under- stood that the present Boer plans of campaign have been chiefly drawn up by him. He is assisted by a staff of German ex-officers and a corps of German Uitlanders. 