the MYSTERY f THE DMK HOUSE. By KLITJSL: j Author of ".Peg. the Rate," "Kitty tho Rag," "Two Bad Blue Eyes," "A Woman fa-It," i "Darby and Joan," " Tlie Grinding Mills of God," " A Daughter of tha People," "A'Hushaud of No Importance," &o.;, ' ... I OOPTBIOnT. f "V rUZLISBED BY 6FE0IXL"XDBlNOE3tENT.J CHAPTER III. ' HE two , girls v? T 9 wero dressing | A' | (» for the eorieert. 4\. or) h. Two white PMn/W) gowns lay ou t|,8 bed in Try Cynthia's 1/ .room, nnd two L. exquisite "bou- KT quota of white |\ fiowcrs with I \ trails of greon in UI foliage loy be- 43i>Wy£<V3r-«ide thorn. Cynthia stood buforo the glass, radiant in deshnbillo of snowy mysteries and giving finishing touches to her hair. The door opened nnd Dolores, entered: She moved with a languid step, and her face was pallid and anxious. "Yon loolc awful!" oxuhumed Cynthia, with sisterly candour. " I can't think what's como over you ! For goodhoKs' sake, child, toy and pnt off that melancholy Ophelia busi ness for onco. ' Ro illy,' people will begin to notioe you. You're just like a ghost. I declare I'd make you rouge if I had any. I've heard geranium petals do as well; but it's not the season for them. Try a rough towel." Dolores mado no reply. She did indeed look ill. Hor face hud lost its youthful roundness and grown sharp and thin. Durk ciroles shadowed her oyes and intensified the dusky-lontith of lashos. Hor step was slow and languid, and her Jips never smiled. Slio seemed to move and act and speak-- by mechanical instinr.t. The verve and spring of life had gone from her. "No letter yet?" observed Cynthia, in quiringly. "Well, after all, ho's not been gone so very long. You'il have to ndopt my philosophy; dear. ' If ho do not write to me, what care I how nice ho be !' Not that Cyril wa9 ever (nice in my opinion. He thought too mnoh of himself. A conceited man never makes a satisfactory lover. Now my poor old dear is rather too fond of bring ing himself to my notice. See thero !" Sho pointed to the fiowers, and then took up a trinket box from tho dressing-table. "'This — to my Authea,' she read, and opening it showed the sparklo of a diamond' cirolet. which was sncedilr transferred to a slender finger. "Pretty, isn't it? That's tbo third ring ho has given me. I suppose tho fourth will be the ono." "MissTatton has excelled herself," snid Cynthia presontly, in npprnvul of hor own appearance. " Tasto und the ' Lady's Pio- torml' ean do wonders oven in a country village. These gowns havo quite a town- raado touch about theni, assure you. I've not studied Mrs. Ferrers's frocks for nothing. I hopo your bodice will fit, Doily ? Miho is barely comfortable; but yon want singing- room. Goodness ! there's Aunt Sarah calling nnd you're not dressed. What a nuisance punctual people are." "I'll tuke this into my room," exolaimed Dolores, hurriedly. " She'll only fuss and detain mo. Keep her hero for goodness' sake. Show her your ring— anything." She seized her bodice and fled. A quiirtor of an hour later tho two girls wore in tho drawing-room of the vicarage, undergoing the criticism of father and aunt. Cynthia was radiant. Her lovely colouring was all the more hrilliant in contrast to her colourless attire. Dolore-9, too, had no lack of roses to complain of. but the fluih on her cheeks was too feverishly brilliant to last, und-hercycs had a wild strained look thut. spoke of mental tension. -' The vicar regarded them with admiring interest, their unnt with a due appreciation of tho dressmaker's skill, us ah adjunct of youth and beauty. . " Her father's ayes rested on Dolly's face with a dawning expression of wonder, and- their gazo "rowing more intent, noted somo change in that face that gitvo him a momen tary pang ; it brought out the likeness to that dead wifo so strongly. But why should tho ohild look ill, and what had brought that hunted, liulf- toi'rified look into her soft eyes ? Those eyes which had always seemed to fore shadow sorrow cvou io childhood. \- Ere ho could l'rumo his troubled thoughts into words she had thrown hor -cloak over hor shoulders and turned away on proteuoo of fiuding- tier music. Her hands shook, sho felt cold and siuk. The mimes and titles of tho songs swum hazily before her eyes. Sho wondered- how she would ever get through tho evening with this new sonse of terror weighing upon her heart. When she stood ou tho platform and gazed down on tbe familiar faoea it soemed to her that they all wore a look of curiosity, or question. ' The blood mounted to lio'r brow, tha beating of her heart was quick and painful. Her eyes fell on tho flowers she field in hor hand, and their snowy purity seemed to mock her agonised thoughts. As ono in n dream she heard tho accom paniment to hor song, aud knew the bar that gave the signal fur tho voice. With a rush of emotion she began, "The stars shine on his pathway, THo trees bend back their leaves, To guido him to tho meadow, .. .Among tho golden sheaves." Tho passionate words, the burst of joy that proclaimed tho " waiting " ovor, sent a thrill through tho listeners. It scorned as if the singer's very suul was in tho musio, its long ings nnd abandonment and delight, for it was her own love and longing that she sang, and memory carried hor baolc to hours when alio had waited for a footfall and trembled with ecstasy in hor lover's embrace. ' Then hopo arose and whispered that as it had boon so it should bo again. Her oyes were like stars, and men looking ut her thought that sho sang ton well of lovo for ono to whom lovo wus au unknown guost. Bat they recalled hnr again and again, for no Toica thero was liko hers, and tho joy and beauty and pathos of it loft strange memories behind. Sbo was succeeded by Mr. Llllieorupp, whoso performance afforded intense uniuso- moot to all and sundry, and tried his fiuncco's nerves and patience to u dogreo that tho diamond oirolot scarcely rendored passive. However, ho was so well satisfied with him self that oommont wus superfluous. Cortainly none was made. Dolores hud to sing onco more, and this timo seleqtcd tlio old ballad of " RobhiGray." There were few dry oyes in tlio littlo mill when sho had finished, and her own wore wot as she left tho platform. Mrs, Forrors greeted hor with enthusiasm. "I wonder you don't go into tbo profession," she said. " With a year's training your voice would bo admirabla. You'd creuto a furore iu London." " Nonsense 1 Don't try to turn the child's head," exolaimed Mr. Lillicompp. Ho did not particularly desire his future wife's sister to adopt a public profession. Ho hud tho curious middlo-clnss projudioo uguinst art. It was not a thing by whioh fortunes were rapidly mads ; und therefuro of small account, cum- lucraittlly considorcd. Besides, this ohit of a child had oroutod quite a scnsutiou where his efforts had only mot with polito toloration. It nrguod badly for country tastes. To Dolores liorself the whole evening was an ordenl . from which 6ho was -longing to cscnpe. . She refused Mrs! Ferrers's invitation to return to supper with tho rest' of tho con cert party. She declared her head ached, she was tired, sho must go homo, and porsnusions wero useless. Whan sho was alono in her own room, she throw off her pretty frock, with a sudden dis regard of everything but relief. Thon sho sat down at the little table ' in hor window, and Wrote a letter. It was not long, and as she wrote it all the girlish beauty of ber face seemed to harden and grow cold and fierce nnd determined. When she hud scaled and addressed it she blow out her light nnd sat for long by the open window, gazing out at tho starlit garden. "If I could only stop thought until I get his nnswer!" sho cried to herself. I cannot bear this silence and suspense. I feel an if I should go mad. .Has he altered ? Has ho forgotten? Oh ! if he has, what will become of me." She sank down on ' her knee9, her head pillowed against tho hard window soar, alone with the night and desolation-. Tlio door handle was softly turned. Some one looked in. " Are you asleep, Dolly ?" said a voice. The girl lifted her head and struggled tc hor feet. _ " Why, good gracious me, I thoiight von were in bed. Don't toll me you've been mop ing in tho dark all this time. How silly yon nro' ! And wo hod suoh a good timo at tho hall. Why wouldu't you come ?" "I didn't Want to," said tho girl, dully. "Didn't want to? But why? Surely it was bol ter than sitting up here nlone fretting yourself ill. Why," touching her suddenly, "you're as cold as death. Really, Dolly, you want a good shaking ! I shall tell father about yon. Ynu do nothing but sulk aud mope : it's getting unbearable." ' "What did you come in for ? To tell me this ?" "No. I just pamo in to say tho day has beon fixed. I'm. going to bo married tho end of next month. - Tom declares ho won't wait any longer, and Mrs. Ferrers and I were talking abont tho bridesmaids' dresses. I'll only have two, and u page to hold up my train. That pretty boy of Mrs. D'Arev's will do. She's premised him. Ho lias been ht lota of weddings, and 'can he trusted. There's very little time, hut it's no nso thinking of a grand wedding hern. Now what colours do you say ? White and pink fa pretty, nnd suits tho season too ; und yon alwaj-s look well in pink." A little uncertain laugh broke from Dolores. " Ho I? Well, it's all one to mo; have what colour you wish." "If a girl cannot take an interest in a wedding, and her own sister's, too, there mnst be something radically wrong about her." . " "What do yon mean?" cried Dolores, sharply, hor face growing suddenly white. "Just what I say. You don't show the least interest or sympathy , nnd it's very hard, considering how wo'vo been brought up together and had everything in common." "Except our sympathies," said Dolores, coldly. They wore always at vnrinuce. to tho best of my recollection. . And as for your marriage, what do yon expect mo to say"? I know you don't osre n rap for this man. You are marrying solely for money and position. You enn't expect to be happy. Ho is vulgar and common and old." " Thank you , that will do. I might have guossed.tho sort of things you would say." She turned away with tha dignity of wounded feelings. Tho moonlight, floodiug ihe roam, . showed the two . white girlish -figures, one seated oh tlio bod with clasped hands and lowered eyes, the other ' erect and scornful and offended. As her hand was on tho door Dolores spoke. "Say good-nignt, don't let as part had friends. It won't he for so very long that we shall be together. And we've no mother to wish us godspeed on our life's journey, or counsel us by tho way." "No," said Cynthia, suddenly melting. " And I've made my choice and you've made yours. There's' no need to quarrel becuuso tlioy're so different. Wo never did think alike about uiiythilig." Sho came back to tho quiet figure. Thoy kissed each other silently fa tho moonlight. The tears that were wot on Dolores's chock were no tribute of her own fours or her own aching heart as she turned ' away from tho olosed door. (to be continued. 