LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. I LEGISLATIVE CXJLXCIL. Tuesday. October 3. The President (Sir R. C. Baker) took the chair at 2 o'clock. GUMERACHA MOUNTED RIFLES. The Hon. F. BASEDOW asked— 1. Crrder what provision of the Defences Act, 1895, and the regulation* thereof, or by what other authority, was the half com pany, <>umcracha division. Mounted KiHc-, disbanded': 2. What is die rea.-*>n for tbeir disbanduienr? 3. Was «uch dis bandment effected Iwfore taeir term of ser vice expired? The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. .T. V. O'Loghiin) replied—l. Section 20, regula tion 12, qucafcron 8. 2. Irregular atreial ancc and nonsictendancc at drills. Only six men out of 17 attended any drills, and they did no: attend the required number. 3\. Yes. PARLIAMENTARY ALTERATIONS. The CHIEF SECRETARY, in.repry to the Hon. J. G. Bice, sajd thai when mov ing the second reading of tlie Household Suffrage BUI he would indicate tie pro posals of the Government concerning rireir constitutional proposals under Federation. HOUSEHOLD SUFFRAGE BILL. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING asked if the Government would make similar arrange ments for giving publicity to the house hold suffrage debate in die Council: as. were made in connection with the discussion in the Hoosa of Assembly. The CHIEF SECRETARY said that un less objection were raised he would make (9te same arrangements. The Hun. J. L. STIRLING asked what expresfiion of opinion the Chief SeCT-etary required. Toe CHIEF ISECRETARY said he toot it for granted that the Council reqninM the same publicity to be given to the de bate as m the House of Assembly, and be would make the necessary arrange ments unless some objection were made by members. Second reading. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. V. O'Loghiin), in moving the second reading, said the Bill would be familiar to mem bers, as it was precisely the same as the measure .submitted to the Council last ses sion. It proposed to enfranchise every householder in South Australia, and to provide, instead of the present anomalous and irregular system, that the home should be the social unit, giving even" man and his wife, if he had one, a vote for Die Leg islative Council. They had heard it said frequently that in the recent referendum the people did not understand what they were voting for. This Bill, he would point out at once, could ntit come into force un til another referendum was taken, and that would be safeguard against any peo ple voting in ignorance. He intended to give a short history of the Legislative Council suffrage movement to meet the ar gument that there had been no demand for 6uch a Bill as this. The question of dif ferences between the two Houses was a very old one. Even at the formation of the constitution it was a very debatable point, and it was only as a compromise to enable manhood suffrage to be obtained for the House of Assembly that a pro perty qualification for the Council was agreed to. It had been a debatable ques tion ever since. In ISSI there xcere so many differences between the two House.;, resulting in deadlocks and delays in legis lation, that a Bill wa.s passed that was ex pected to be a solution of the difficulty, but which had proved to be no solution at all. Even in the Council, witli its restrict ed franchise, Bills for reducing the fran chise had been passed three times, in one case by an absolute majority. In 1891 the lion. A. A. Kirkpatrick introduced a Bill providing for -die reduction of the qualifi cation from £25 to £10. That.was car ried on its second reading on a catch vote, by 9 to 8, but the majority being insuffi cient, the Bill did not pass. Mr. Kirk patrick subsequently moved to revive the Bill, and the motion was carried by 12 rotes to 10. That also was not a constitu tional majority, and the Bill accordingly lapsed. In 1895 the Government took the matter up, and Mr. Gordon, who was then Chief Secretary, introduced a Bill on prac tically the same lines, the qualification be ing fixed at £15. There was also a provi sion for leaseholders who had spent £200 in improvements having a vote. That Bill was carried by an absolute majority of the Council—l 3 votes to 10—*u_t it was subse quently shelved, after certain amendments bad been made in committee. Mr. Addison carrying a motion "That the Chairman leave the chair." In 1896 he had the pri vilege of introducing a Bill similar to that which Mr. Gordon had introduced. It was carried by 32 votes to 13, but the majoriiv not being large enough this Bill also lapsed. That was the history, then, of Bills intro duced in the Council. The Council haling had three opportunities of passing the Bill, its venue was then chang ed to the House of Assembly Tiie present Bill was introduced tiiere in 189S, and was carried by 32 to 17, and for warded to the Council, where it was de feated by 12 votes to 9. Then came the events of the present session. After a general ejection and a referendum on the Bill had taken place the Bill was intro duced into the House of Assembly, and the second reading carried by 33 votes to 20—one more than on the previous occa sion. It was read a third time by 30 to 21, counting ixairs. (Mr. Ward—"You can't count them constitutionally.") Tie had counted them in each instance. Tlie Bill i'a.-^ed through the House .of Assembly in all its stages by constitutional majori ties, and the Council, as he had pointed out, previously recognised that there was a demand for such legisJaiion by passing on three occasions Bills reducing the qualifi cation. That was an evidence of the will of the people as shown through their Par liamentary representatives, hut members well knew thai elections often turned on personal or local consideration. Therefore to get an unnib-takable indication of the will of tlie people a direct referendum was taken. (Mr. Ward—"Not of die electors you represent.") He chimed to represent the whole of the people, not one-third. Tbe result of tlie referendum was that i 49,208 people voted for household suffrage and 33J32S against, tbe majority in favor of tbe Bill lieine 15,280. which was a great deal more than the majorities in favor of Federation in some of tie neighboring colonies, and a larger majority than that given in favor of Federation at the first referendum in Soutii Australia. Moreover, out of 27 districts. 20 were in favor of tbe Bill, and two or throe only loft it by narrow majorities—in one ca.«e by nine votes only. That was conclusive evidence that there had been a demand for the Bill. Attempts had been made to show that it was only wanted in the centres of population, but there were not 20 districts dominated by centres of popu lation. The district which more than any other could be recorded as a purely country district was Flinders. It had not a toxvn as large as the smallest sub urb of Adelaide, and yet 1.157 of the electors of Hinders voted for house hold suffrage, and only 7.t0 against. He found, too. in such large agricultural districts as Newcastle and Frome, where i the farming community predominated, that i large majorities were given for the Bill. So much for the question as to where tlie demand for the Bill ram from. He had dealt with the argument that the resuh of passing tire Kill would be to give the cen tres of popKlalrnn a predominating |ww«r in legislation when renlving to Mr. Gor don's speech on the Address in Reply, but t"oere was no harm in reiterating the argu ments he used then, seeing that opponent* of the Bill outside were endeavoring to make the most of tin's idea. ITe pointed out that all the larce centres had been formed into corporations, and that the smaller towns might fairly be considered as identified with the country districts which surrounded them. The number of houses within corporations was 2-5,000, as compared with 38.000 outside, en that near ly one-third more votes would be given for coun.tr>- houses than lor iowii dtvcliings un der the Hill. He was now endeavoring to put sentiment on one M<le. ;md deal wiili tails and tisures only, and tliou^ii no doubt some memlicrs would kiv that if the l;u't* were acain>t them **> much the worse for tlic facts—the fact* lie harl quoted .-ouli! not he disputed uikon as they were from oflicial statistic*. Look ing into these fifnires a. little more closely and comparing tiie niniriier «if house-; in the various elec torates wit'j the numW of voters, lie found that so far from the Kill favor-ins the city and i-übui-bs the very reverse xrouid l>o the case. In Barnwa. an agricultural district. tliere were 2,600 houses and only 1.424 votes. (Mr. 'Wa.iTen — "The 'German women do not register.") lie thought the German colonists were fully alive to rheir electoral responsibilities, ;uid tliai they re ffistered and took a fairly prominent part in the election* in their districts. In Xorlh Adelaide there were 3.230 houses and 2,970 votes; in Kast Torrcns, ii.iWS houses and 5,802 vote*-, or only a few houses which did not carry votes. In Sturt, too, there were 4,597 houses and 4.16G votes, so that it would be seen that in the city and subur ban districts tbe effects of household suf frage would not be very great, while in the country the effect of the Ilill would be to laiKelv increase the number of voters for tlie Legislative Council. (Mr. Warren— "You are setting city against country.") He was merely combating; the arguments of those who had been endeavoring to do this, and he thought he had done so fairly con clusive;}-. The Bill would add about 70,000 voters to the Upper Kousc doctorate. Let them tee whether there was anything to be alarmed at in the pro posal. Of the 70,001) about 30.000 were the wines of present electors. Was there any danger of giving them votes? (Mr. Stir ling—"Tie wives do not want them.") That waX Vliat Mr. Stirling said when adult suffrage was proposed. He said they would not use the votes, hut they had done so, and with so much political intelli gence a* to amply justify the trust which had been reposed in them. He was sure no one would contend that the extension of the franchise to the wives of present electors would be attended with any danger or would result in a flood of ultra demo cratic or radical measures being passed. Then rt was estimated that there were about 20.000 men who would be added to the roll by the reduction of the franchise as whose present qualification was too little to enable them to vote for the Legislative Council. Was there any danger of enfranchising men whose only disqualification at presenr that tlieir houses happened to be a. little smaller than their neighbors? They were persons whose homes and everything they had in the world were centred in South Australia. (Mr. Stirling — "Your Ministry is going further than that. You want adult suf frage.") Let them deal with one thing at a. time. If this Rill was fair, let them pass it, and they could reject any subse ouent proposal which did not ulease them. Then, besides those be had mentioned, were 20,000 others, including the wives of these smal! Householders and a. few unmar ried men or women who had not the re quisite qualification. If members, in stead of being alarmed at the largeness of the number of new voters, and lwing afraid of being swamped by the 70,000 new electors, would closely examine the com position of this number, they would see that the Hill could be passed without in any way endangering the constitution, or the Legislative Council. While on this subject he might mention that while | adult suffrage had nearly doubled the nuni i ber of electors for the Assembly, it had had very small effect on the Legislative Coun cil. The change had added 65,000 women to the l,ower House roll, and only 9,000 to that of the I'pper House. As a further illus tration of the fact that very few women in the country districts have' votes for the Legislative Council, he would take the district of VorkeV Peninsula, where there were 539 men and only 63 women on the roll. It was thus clear that the voting power of the country would be greatly firengthened. Take another district— Stanley-^and thov found only 144 women on the roll, while in the large and im portant agricultural district of Frome there were only 240 women enfranchised for the Legislative Council, as against between 2.000 and 3,000 men. In North Adelaide there were 2,071 men and 908 women. The proportion was about two to one in North Adelaide, while nt Yorke's Peninsula it was nearly 14 to one. The very curious argument had been advanced that this Rill would lessen the influence of the Council, and ultimately destroy it—in fact he had even seen the mcasurccharaclcriscd as the Legislative Council Destruction Bill. It was the most curious argument iie had ever seen advanced. So far from it being true, it would base the Council more broadly on the peoples willi and would strengthen rather than weaken it. To show that this would hapnen. he did not think he could do better than <|uolc an opinion expressed by the President in re ferring to another question. Shaking <.n the necessity for a i-trone Senate—and the Senate in tin- Federal Parliament had to lierform nil the functions of the Vpppr House, and a treat deal more besides— Sir Richard I taker said:—'"To make the Senate strong enough to perform the func tions for whirli it was called into ex istence, it must lie elected on a brand ba?is. and .is there jvas power in numbers, the more lilicral the franchise the Wronger the House would Income." There could be no doubt that the more liberal the franchise was made the stronger the Council would become, and in fan those who had the interests of th- H.msc at heart, and l>elieved in the bicameral sys tem, should vote for the Hill for this reason. It would raise the Council from its present sectional position and make its nosition infinitely stronger and firmer. It had been contended that in South Aiis-tni lia we had the most democratic constitu tion in tlie world, but this was quite wrong, as there was hardly an I'inter House in the British dominions on M k!i a restricted franchise, and he said ii ad visedly. (Mr. Howe—"ls that the reason why it has p:issc<! so many lilk'ial im.a wires as even the Premier admits it ha*?") It had not |«wel many liberal measures since the l.iM alteration in the constitution, which had rendered the < otin «-il less liberaJ and democratic than it was before. When speaking on the Address in Beply. he pointed out—aad he w.im one of the first to use the argument—that a nominee I'pjter House w;:< much more amenable to the will of the people tli.in one elecUHi on a restricted franchise. Thi« was absolutely demonstrable to the most ordinary intelligence. A nominee I'pper House was nominated by tlie 4'ovemment or Executive, which roiijd no! exist unless it had the support of the popular House. If measures were passed by the L«wer House, and rejected by a nominee Council continually, it was only necessary for the Ministry to add a sufficient nuKiltcr of members to the Second Chandler. and the measures would he carried. There must, however, be some sir^np oopu lar demand, and it mn< he sliown. rlearlv that it was rh L . determined wi*h of the ma jority of the poople ln>iV>re the power of adding to the Second Chamber was exer cised. They had an instance recent!v in New SomJi Wales in connection with Fe le ratinn. Tlie Bill w.is rejected by the l"p -ner House, and Mr. Keid. wlm'wa-s t'len Premier, ji.iving nominated a sufficient number ot aii^Kional nietnoei~~ to ensure a m.iiority. the inea-mv v.-.t- .lir-iin there and pissed. (Mr. Waircn—"Thni he n-:is kicked <ir:.""l Mr. Ueid remained in n.iwer f.ir a considerable time .after tii.i:. I'niler the nominee system then rli™ Minis- iry, which musi he in i«i:ic!i witli iTie piinul.tr House, could jdil to the l"pi,er llnu-i* uniil tin1 passage of popular mo.i"tire« was assured. I'ndcr .1 re*iricted fr.indiise for the Legislative Council iho ultimate power really rested with ? ftNtiiiii of tlie people It" rhey did no: give in they couM block, time iUter time, any popular me.x*ur<\ Ih>w ever strongly it was endorsed by the vrill of the people, and apparently there was no remedy. The nominee House was much more amenable to public opinion than that elected on a. restricted franc-iiisc. (Mr. Charleston—"What is the experience here":"") They euuld see that in connection iViLli tlie history ,-,f this franchise reduction movement. Tho Council had thrown out measures which hail been clearly shown to Iw desired by the people of South Austra lia. Hut let them examine n little further ihe statement '.li.it the constitution of the I-icgislative Council of South Aus tralia was one of the most libe ral in the world. He found that in America, Cape Colony, Switzerland, ;uid in many oihcr countries where there were two Houses they -were both elected on ihc same franchise. Vet in America, lor in stance, he liad not noticed that the dema gogues or extreme radicals had the domi njii-i !««r. If tliere were any country in the world where the power of wealth and property liad greater effect than another it •w.is America. Let them consider the ter riole power of rings and trusts and other centre, of that son. It did not follow, rhen. that linen us? there were two Houses elected on the franchise that supreme power was given to radicals or the bulk ot the people to promote legislation of a con fiscatory nature, or 'lo endanger Hie stabili ty of property. He found that in Canada t ncre were <-ertain provinces with only one I!™* Ontario had onjv one, and British Columbia. New Brunswick. Manitoba, and Prince Edward Island were other exam ples. (Sir. MeOregor—"How do they get on:") They all seemed to progress 'with out the fearful consequences prognosticat ed a* a result of the passage of this Itill. In many insi-inees these provinces bad formerly tiro Houses, but were now quite content to thrive and prosier with one, elected on adult suffrage. (Mr. Warren— "'How many have two, after trying one?"*) He did not know of a single instance. (Sir Edwin Smith—"You wish to abolish thiir House?") He was a strong believer in the bicameral system, but con sidered that the two Houses .should be based upon a franchise sufficiently broad to enable Ihe will of the people to Ik: given effect lo in legislation. The con tention had been made that property slionld have svime special legislative pro tection. It had been argued tliat the Ijegi.-Jarive Council was elected for the liroteotion of properly. He denied that altogether. The protection of projicrty was one function of l>oth House-, and especially perhaps of the Council, hut (heir main consideration was undoubtedly the welfare of the |ieople. In framing the Federal Constitution the fifty l>est men in Australia decided that proiierty should have no special representation in either House, notwithstanding tlie great national interest* which came within the sphere of Federal Government. (Mr. Howe—'The land is not taken over by the Federation."') The Federal authority possessed the su preme power of taxing it, and property was given no special consideration as far as the election of the Federal Legislature was concerned. (Mr. Sandford—"All the more reason why it should have it in the States."! What was the use of a little protection in the States if the Federal Par liament could tux the land as it pleased it was like stopping the spigot and open ing the bunghole. It had l«en contended that the Senate was in a different position 10 ill!.- Legislative Council, but if the Senate was not an l-pper House, and had not to iwriorni the duties of an i Upper House. then the Federal Constitution . jnnst he; without an Vpper House at all. (Mr. Ward—"Do you think the Federal Constitution is perfect?") He had merely instanced it as the latest example of a constitution, framed by the fifty best men in Australia. and endorsed by the people as a whole. There had not been any protest against die Senate being based upon the widest possible franchise. Xo one had attempted io propose that there should be a property qualification for that Chamber, whatever might be the objections raised to other parts of the llil!. (Mr. Ward—"But it should have been done."") Tlie objections of Mr. Ward and some others were but the voices of a few crying in the wilderness. Now as to the assertion tha7. the passage of this nil! v.vhiM enable the Labor Party to dominate \\.."--islation in South Australia, and cairv measures to the injury of property. Let Uiem look nt the power of tlie Labor Party and its position thus far in the Parl:am?nt of South Australia. Tliey found that in the House of Assemble, which was elected on adult suffrage, the l^ibor members were but a fifth of tlie whole. Vet «il n was proposed to apply to the Legislative Coun cil was household Miffragr. Although on the widest of franchises the people had every opportunity of giving the LaKu Party a dominating influence in the Lower nouse there had never been more than 11 or 12 members returned at the general election. Take the election of representa tives of the colony for the Federal Con vention. Thai was conducted on adult suffrage, everyone of 21 years of age in S>uth Australia having the right to vole. Wliat was-the result? Not a LaW mem her was selected, ami he hat] always con tended that it v-as the one Mot mmn that representation that so large and important a bom- should not have one delegate. It ihil not follow, then, that because {lie fraiu-hi*! was extended I hat ;lir- Ijuwr Party wonM obtain a pre dominating influence, although .-is far a~- Snntii .V.K-.ralia was .Lncenivd any in flur-ivo wi:i.-h ;| :t . l_,l W r Parly had rlius nil- K<cn able to exorcise had hren for ihc gn.Kl of tiie colony, and in favor of popular measure-, hmh for the t-inimry and the ei:v. li lud been :he practice of opponents of popular measure- when iiiiaiilv to advane? pcrcinen: argument? .jlm-Iv to carry r.ny weirrh:. to raise borers and forcast objectionable thing-- as hicciy to result. Thvy would rememlwr h-.rW wiaen progressive laml caxa;ion was jiro nu-vd it- opponent- said i; ivould niein tiie introduction of :hc r-ingle taw Now. fail in;r convincing argumen*- apiir.st h.->ue hold suffrage its opponent--- were raising tlie cry thai ii meant repn *?nutt:o.r. .in tiie ha>-:- o - {-.muLu-ion. Tiiis wa-- dnne ;.. erwii^ iinr:i-i^- ii: [J-.:- ,-.iunrry Jis tn<-;-, Ai n'.ird thai crtitres of MSile n-.en* w;rn :K-ir creater population wouM lv> ili^'iiirant. Ther-vore ;ii.- opponents iiarpni on ilii- cry for all they wpre ivonn If ii iia.l b-n sli.iv.n lia: liie nrojio-a] Cir reprv^entai-ion <>;i liie ha*"- of iinuiiU'lon ■h:id Iwn tM-sH by the House of A-**m b'.y. ami thai tl;e l-egis!:it.ivc- Council wa!? -lan-.liiig ;n Ov «-.iy thci-p inighi Jw snn;~ f«M-ce in the aivuinent. liik no siic'i pn- posal l'.a<l otc-ti lieen Tiir.:!;* ilirre, i*"; a*one .iuiHim!. .and (I'em'ore tii? na-stis^ or rp jevtion «.f tiie Hnuscii.V-.i Suffnite Ilii; liud r>.> lvnrini n'iiatever <>n ii'e one-r'in TVfore memlters could sliow that the lfh,- ralising of tlw Cnnneil would bring dia ler to the country <Ustrietv. Uicy mu-t s-lio«' what measure.- had heen p.iS'K?!! in the TTousc At" A?«<nnbly and had boon block ed by the Legislative Council. (Mr. Sanfl fonl—"Free breakfa<: table."") In a few months the Federal Parliament would have control of i'ic CiKtoms. and Mr. Samlford would no; be able 'o frighten die people with the cry of shifting the taxation from tlie necessaries >>t" life on to the land. He pr.>nii-=ml Vr. Privc that he would indicate what the finvernment intended to do in view «f l"edera.iion <oming into force. Con siderable nowcrs would tie taken from the local Parliament.-, and as great expense would Ik- cnraile.l in siippirtin-j :-.vo Par- M.i:nen:<. snnie eionomie- «-oi:lil lie ins'e^ -aiy. Tlie Government propn-ed that fhe nuin3?er «>t" me^Sers -honld I*'* rc.^tie**-! }%v one-r.hinl. ami riir\; the number of Mini=- Wiili rep.ir.l to ihe rcarr.'.ngenicn^ of di^ tri,;- .i <cT,^i CflmHvMo- , - I! ,-al C-n -mission would be appointed to report. The experience of tiie i>ther •■■ilonics le.'enrly -•bowed tlie evils of ei>ii(lic:~ between the Hou<TJ. In New South Wales there was a eonfl:.-! wi'.li recani ti FederaTimi. .ml it w.L< overcome by aiding members l-> tli#> l"pper House. In Vi.t--.ria ihe Council had thrown out a I.ill lor ;ulult suffrage, and uui:e recently it had thrown it nut again. In West Australia the Upper llou9e was blocking the way of adjusting die consti tuencies. All this showed that until some logwal and permanent bans was adopted these conflicts would continue. After all. it Avas not a qne.-ticn of how many times a Kill had been carried by ->':ic Council, whether it affected city or country dis trict*, whether it gave more vote- to wo men i?r men, or whether ii s:reng:hcned or weakened tlie Council. Tlie i-e<U question w.i Is the proposal fair and jus; ': Wa- it right that one-lhird o! the pcojiie -houlJ have the right to deicrinine the legislation for-the three-thirds? iMr. Ward—"Tiiey can deny; they can't create."") They could cause s^ajrnat;on. and prevent any advance being made. Were the Council to have fhese 70.000 electors continually knocking at their door-. If they gave a. vote lo those who had .-oine stake in the country they would give general satisfaction and do away with the gre:ir cause for further agi tation. This was no passing agitation. In the Federal Constitution rhey had given ever}- man and woman a vote for both Houses. (Mr. Howe—"You know there is no analog}' hetween the Senate and the Upper House."") The Senate had to per form all the functions of an Upper House. The people would be reminded every three years of the difference between the two Par liaments. The national Parliament of Aus tralia was to be elected by all the |>eople, and the State Parliament," with only petty provincial interests to consider, was elected by a few of them. Tlie elections every three years would Ik? a jier- IK-Uial protest against the existing state of things. Whether the matter was s-ht-lved now or not it was not going to Ik? settled until the jieople had the rights that were due to them. The difficulty would arise like a ghost every three years, and would compel settlement either on the lines pro posed or the more advanced ones of adult suffrage. He commended riie Bill to ihe House, and asked members t>o vote for it. The Hon. .1. 1~ STIRLING moved the adjournment of the debate The Hon. A. It. ADDISOX asked if the President would rule whether Mr. Gor don's amendment was an amendment to the Hill or whether it would have to be discussed separately. Tlie PRESIDENT—H is an amendment on the motion, liie motion is tiiat the Uill 1« read a second time, to whk-h Mr. Gordon has given notice of-nn amendment. The Hon. K. WAUU-lf it is carried the Bill will not lie amended. Tlie PRESIDENT—Of course not. The motion is thai the Hill be read a second time. The Hill is only amended in com mittee. The motion was carried, and the ad journed debate fixed for Tuesday nest. CROWX LANDS HILL. In committee. Clause 38. Form and effect of per|>etuai lease. The Hon. J. WARREN asked if the Chief Secretary intended t« go on with this part of tlie Bill without considering the anomalies he liad pointed out? This jjortkm of fhe Bill could be reconstructed and made much simpler. The CHIEF SECRETARY said he had consulted the draughtsman with reference to Mr. Warren"s objection. Although various areas of land were given tiie pro visions were not inconsisteut, as they were an embodiment of existing legislation. The Hon. .1. WARKEN said the Pastoral Board should be asked to classify the pas toral lands and the agricultural landh within hundreds. Something like tlie fol lowing provision would meet his difficulty: —"Any jwrson who holds any lease <if lands within hundreds may surrender his lease, and be entitled at his option to a right of purchase lease or a perpetual lease, provided that he is not the {solder of estate in fee simple of an area in agricultural lands of so many acres, or holdn a pasto ral lease in hundreds of so many acre*." ! Clauses 3S to 72 might be cut down to half a dozen. Tlie CHIEF SECRETARY said he would have another talk with the draught nian before the Bill went out of committee. He moved to add the following to clause 38:—""The power of forfeiture contained j*? a perpetual lease granted after tlie com ing into o|>eration of 'The Pastoral Act Amendment Act, 1898,' shall be subject to the provisions of sections 36 to 37 of such Act. ' That brought the matter under the Tenants' Relief Board, and the motion hud been suggested by the draughtsman. The Hon. J. WARUEN said clauses 2G to 37 did not permit of appeal to the Ten ants' Relief Board. lie had handed in an amendment dealing with the matter. It would be a good tiling to havi? the whole of tlie laws connected with Crown lands in this Bill. Tlie CHIEF SJvCRETARY said he ac cepted the proposal, and would move, in stead of the las.l clause of his amendment, '"Subject to an apgical to tlie Tenants" Re lief Board." The Hon. .). WARREN asked why this fihould only apply to leases gi-uited after the passing of tlie Pastoral Act of 1S98? The CHIEF SECRETARY said there was same provision in that Act which re- ! quired it. The Hon. J. WARREN thought if the Chief Secretary could >-how no rw.son the words they should ix? struci; mil. Tlie CHIEF SECRETARY s;;id the words were not mere verbiage. He had not the Act of 1898 lieforc nun at procul, but would look it up, and .show Mr. War ren why the words were needcl. Amendment carried. Clause «s am.endi.-d passed. Clauses 39 and 40 liaised. Clause 41. Power lo resume land for roads, &c.; The lion. J. WARREN said iie Uiought there should be some interpretation of the words, "public purposes," put in to pro tect the lessees. As liie Chief Secretary would not do no, he moved to insert after "land," in the fourth line, "Provided that if tin? land or any portion thereof be re turned for public purposes, other thin those specially mentioned herein, the re sumption shall not take place until the approval of I'aHiauiciil is lir-t obtained." If the Govern men I wanted to resume land from one iieraon. and let it to another for the oaine purjHh-e, as liad often been ille gally done before now. the permission o! Parliament would then iuve to be ob The CHIEF SECRETARY .said the pro posal introduced a new principle into land legislation, and he could not atwpl it. Tliere nught 1« cases in which ii was de sirable to resume land, and it wouiil hav t to be referred to Parliament for evcrv trifling resumption. The Hon. R. S. (iI"IHRIE said the clause w;us most indefinitely worded, and as it rfo.-jd :ip],lk?d to the "whole of tuc lands of the colony. He advised Mr. War ren _to withdraw his amendment, and re draft the clause. The Hon. .1. WARREN .said he want,-.] lo prevent the Government from ro~ii:ui,,g a large block of land, using a littic <t it lor a road, and then letting liie res: io another lessee. The Hon. .1. G. BICE wouM like ;-. know a few of the in-unees in which lan.l iiad luwn taken rrom one le—w and given to another. If >Ir. Warren -would give H>nie «>t them lie uou'd have no d.tli^u'.> in passing ihe amendment. I.Mr. W.irren —"The Malcolm l;uid c.i*-s." i Tiiai «■„., a very <I:fi'ereni mailer. Tiie <igii. was over "pnl^ie u;imy." ami where "|mii':o purpose^" was alluded U> it was genera Ily uiidiivmod that uliai «a- mean; n> ->nn-;li;ng lor ;ne iieneui m ;hc pcujilc (i-'ivji-ally. Tl:e Hon. J. WARRICN sj.i.l iie wouM uiilnlr.uv hi- amendnient if the Cliiet' Seo ;vi.Liy wou'ni iiring down <i <-'au-e defining 'Tia-'V'IiI'EF'sFX'RETAItY sal.i it i!, u ni so it was not neee--Hiy to liave :i ueS niti-iii. "J'libiii- iitini>" v.a- <ienni->I by tlie Sunreine Conn nt: long ago. He would like Mr. Warren to give some of ■.!?■ caw, lie ha.l lncnLion.J. If lie woui.l rf? -o he (tile Chief Secretary) would ?up puK tli<? anieinlniem. Tlie Hon. .1. WARREN sahl he oonM not just then men Lion any except the Malcolm land cases. Tlie CHIEF SiX'RETAKY t^ie wonlinc «)t ihe ciau-c wao the ssune a< had Iwen in the Act lor many ycas>. Anrnvdmeni negaxiveil. Clause passed. Claus<?s 42 and 4TJ passed. Clause 44. Principle of fixing purchase money ; ukl rcncil. Tiie Hon.-1. WARREN moved to add at liie end of the clause the fol'owing word's: "Provid'cd tiiat tJie ]e~*>? «-hall have tlie right lo ;i|>peal :o tl;e Tenants' R-Mer Hoard, whose decision shall 1)C final." Ttiy wa- the evai-i wording used in ihe Xor tiiein Torrifoi-v P.isjoiai Bnard. TheCiHIEI'SECRKrARY --i.I tliL- was an enurely new .ipplication of liie Tenant-?1 Relief Isoar<l. wiiicji wa- <?suil>MsJied to give a right of appeal wiir^1 <-,'mfis(iition of si lea-e w.i- pr?!xi-e<i. an ! n<K to luve anvtn^Ti'' io Ho T*'i"pi iiv.n^ *'ie i*ent. Tlie Hon. .1. WARREN wished to give the light of I'lirch.i-e lessee and the per petual lea-seholder tlie s:inic advantage of the Tenants" Relief IWrd as a*- r,i=loral lessee iiad. T!ie land lioard misln tix an excessive rent, and ihe lessee <-h,,u!d <vr- Uinlv have an appeal. The CHIEF SFCnETATtY ►:,■,! lh c I>nar4 was compooed of nsemlvMv who were ihe b«?st judges of bud in Snuth Australia. Yet it w.is proposed th.'l there should lie an aprcn! to a judge of the Supreme Court, and two assessors, w'no w-ould not know so much about it. The Hon. .1. WARREN said if the land Iroard was s<> ciranctent to judge, why «liouW tli« laws allow any aptteal at all. Y<?t there was an appeal to tlhe Commis sioner of Crown Lands? Tto Hon. W. RUSSELL could not sup port the proposed alteration. Such an amendment vac- an indication of want of confidence in the land board, which was coin|>oscd of excellent men, doing splendid work. The Hon. J. WARREX pointed out that <l.iu-o 04 allowed an ap|>eal from the deci sion of the land board to the Commissioner of Crown Lands. Give tlie lessees full ad vantage of tlie Tenant*' Relief Board. The very fact that, such a right of a|ipeni exist ed would have a deterrent and beneficial efie.i u|K>n iiie jand Itoard. Tlie CHIEF SECRETARY said because there was an appeal to the Commissioner it w.is no reason why there should be more. The Tenant.-.' Relief Hoard was a tribunal to determine leK~.ll points with regard to confiscation. It was not supposed tx> have special knowledge and qualifications as re gards the value of land. The Hon. J. WAUREX thought that an ap]>eKani would produce witnesses, and the Relief Itoard would make its decision according to die evidence given, and not as a. result, of the knowledge the board it self possessed. Mr. Warren's amendment was declared carried. The CHIEF SECRETARY called for a division, which resulted as follows:— Ayes, It—Hons. A. It. Addison. M. V. V. Rawdow. .1. G. Bice. H. R. Fuller, .1. H. Howe. J. ljewis. J. Martin. A. W. Sand ford, Sir E. T. Smith, J. L. Stirling, A. Tennaiu. S. Tomkinson, E. Ward, and J. Warren (teller). Xoes, C—Hons. H. Adams. D. M. Charles ton, R. S. Guthrie, G. McGregor. W. Rus sell, and the Chief Secretory (teller). Majority of 8 for the Ayes. Clause as amended passed. Clause 45. Passed. Clause 4G. Lessee under perpetual lease not accepting re-valuation to forfeit lea-*: at expiry of then current 14 years of his The Hon. J. WARREX moved to insert after "rent" the words "or decision of tlie Tenants' Relief Board, as the case niav be." Carried. Clause as amended passed. Clauses 47 and 48 passed. Clause 49. Existing holders of land may come in under this Act. Tlie Hon. .T. WARREX moved the addi tion of the following proviso:—"Provided that if the improvements belong to the lessee the price of such improvements shall not, except in case of depreciation, be reduced until 21 days' notice in writing shall have been givenby the Commissioner to the outgoing lessee of an intent to make such reductions, and particulars thereof; and the outgoing lessee may, within 21 days nfter receiving such notice in manner prescribed, appeal to the Tenants' Relief itoard to fix the amount of rent and the price for improvements, and it shall be lawful for such board to reduce or increase such rent or price for improvements to such extent as they think tit, and until the determination of Mich board is certified to the Commissioner, and by him notified to the appellant lessee, the Commissioner shall postpone offering Mich lands for leas ing, and Hie determination of such board, when so certified, shall be acted upon by the Commissioner. Provided that after tbe rent and price for improvements are once fixed by the Tenants' Relief Board no further apiieal rthall be allowed, and without the consent of the outgoing lessee the price for improvements, except for de preciation, nhall only be reduced when tlie rent is reduced proportionately." Tiie CHIEF SECRETARY•aidtiiepropo sal was to take the power of fixing rent from the land boards and give it lo the Tenants' Relief Board. The land board was the proper tribunal to fix rent*-. If the motion were carried they would have to do au.iv with the land boards. The Hon. -I. WARKEX said the clause also referred to improvements, and con tained an important provision that the Council fought for iv connection with the l'-ayloral Act. Amendment carried, and clause as amended passed. Clause 50. Existing holders of land may come in under this Act. Tlie Hon. J. WARREX asked why those who held lands since the passing of the Crown Lands Act of 1888 should be de barred from the provisions of the clause. Hie CHIEF SECRETARY said the clause simply embodied the provisions of clause 37 of the Act of 1888. The law was not new. The Hon. .T. WARREX moved to strike out the words "at the time of the passing of the Crown Lands Act, 1888." The CHIEF SECRETARY said that if the Council continued to follow Mr. War ren they would get the Bill into irretriev able confusion. The Hon. .1. G. BICE said it was for Mr. Warren to show that an injustice would i>e done by keeping the words in. The Council should not l>e asked to strike them out because Mr. Warren did not under stand them. They must have been put in for some good purpose. The Hon. .1. WARREX said it was the duty of the Government to explain the meaning of the words. He did not know what they meant. 1 lie Hon. J. 11. HOWE said a great deal of injustice would be done by striking out the words. It would prevent the holder of land under the 1888 Act surrendering his agreement. The CHAIRMAX pointed out that the clause would be open to everyone if the words were taken out. Tlie Hon. -I. WARREX suggested that the Chief Secretary should resume, and consider the advisability of getting Part IT. of the Bill into a few clauses. Hie Bill could be simplified quite easily, but the (Joverninent were too conservative to budge from the groove ioto which they had g?fhe CHIEF .SECRETARY said Mr. Warren w.b raiting all the confusion him self. "The clauses were very simple. They lini] been drafted by one of the ablest •Iraughltmicii in South Australia, and the Council was sisked to decide between Mr. Xesbrt and Mr. Warren. Ttie amendment was declared negatived, and Mr. WARREX called for a division, which resulted as follows:— Ayes, 10—Hon. M. P. F. Bascdow, H. R. Fuller. J. Lewis, J. Martin, Sir E. T. Smith. .1. L. Stirling, A. Tennant, E. Ward, C. Willcox, and J. Warren <tdler). Xocs, 10—Hon. H. Adams, A. R. Addi >ou. .1. G. Bice, I). M. Charleston. R. S. Cuthric, J. H. Howe, G. McGregor, ,W. Xtisscll. A. W. Sandford, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Tlie CHAIRMAN'—I vote for the amend ment, to extend the provisions of the clause. *'lanso as amended na«ed. < lausc 51. Ij&socs; of lands reserved foi io.ising may come under this Act. Ti«- Hon. .1. WARREX moved to strike om. the words, "at the time of the iiassing of Uip Crown I>ands Act, 1898." The amendment was declared carried. The rillfcr' SECRETARY called for a division, which resulted as follows:— Ayes, 9— lions. M. P. F. liasedow, H. R. Fuller, .1. lx>u-is, J. Martin. .1. L. Stirling, A. Tennaiii. E. Ward, C. Willcox, and J. Warren (teller). Noes, 11—Hons. 11. Adams, A. 11. Addi son. .1. «.'. Bice, I). M. Charleston, R. S. Cuthrie. .«. H. Howe, «.;. McGregor, \V. Ku-sell. A. W. Sandford, Sir E. T. Smith, ami Chief Secretary (idler). Majority of 2 for tlie Xoes. Hie Hon. .1. WARREX said list week iie pointed out tlie vast, difference in the amount of land allowed for different pur l-oses. Had tne Chief Secretary looked in to the matter as he promised? The CUIKF SECRETARY said the draughtsman had informed him that they w>'iv different kinds of land, but lie would sec Mr. Xesbit again on the (subject, and see if the matter could be simplified. Clause imtised. Clautes 52 and 53 passed. Clause 54. Rent; how charged. The Hon. J. WARREX said this danse would prevent many people applying for new lea?o, because the back lent came to more than the land was worth. The rent should begin with tlie new lease, as in pastoral leases. He moved to strike out l\\\e words—"Expiration of the third year from the date of tiie original agreement or lease," with a view of substituting "commencement of the new lease." - Tlie CHIEF SECRETARY said this 7iad l«"«i the law since 1889, and if there was injustice it was strange that it had not bren altered in one of the many land Bills since then. The effect of the araeird meiK would be that the man who had paid promptly would not be benefited, and those who had not would get an advan tage. He opposed the amendment. The H0n..1. WAttREX said a man who owed Kick rent shouM be made to pay it, hut that ivas not the question. If a man got a perpetual lease, be had to pay in a lump sum all the oack rent calculated on the basis of the new lease, ahhvHigh the k'-*?e might likvc paid up promptly all 3 The CHIEF SECRETARY said this clause did not <3eal only with perpetual lea-f--. bur right of purchase leases also. Did Mr. Warren propose that tho-se who had paid up should hav<_ the money re funded* The amendment, was declared negatived. Tiie Hon.-1. WARREX called for a d«vi sion, which resulted as follows:— Aye-. 7-n<ms. M. P. F. Basedow. IT. R. Fuller. .T. L. Stirling, A. Tennant, K. Ward. C. Willeox. and J. Warren (toller). Xoes. 12—Hons. H. Adams, A. R. Ad di*on, J. G. iSice, D. M. Charleston. R. S. Guthrie, -T. H. Howe, J. Lewis. G. McGre gor, W. Russell, A. W. SandfonJ, Sir E. IT. Smith, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Majority of five lor (he Noes. Chase passed. Clause 55. Passed. Oause 56. Miscellaneous let^oes may ap ply for right of purchase. Hie lion. .1. WAItKEX wanted to knwr wiiy tiie -word* "prior to the passing or the Crown Lnud? Ail, ISSS," were pu; '""The CHIEF SECKETAKY said previous Parliaments had decided liui it should be so. This, he would again jvsint <ml, was a consolidating measure. The Hon. .T. WARREN moved v strike out the «-ords ••panted prior to the pac ing of the Crown I~ands Act. ISSS." Amendment negatived. Clause pa*td. Clauses 57 and 5S passed. Clause 50. Educational lease cNtiiapjre for perpetual lease. The Hon. .1. WARDEN moved to strike out "yearly in addition to the rait reserved by such lease a sum which would be equal to the land tax if nic land tax were pay able upon the land included iv his lease," and substitute the rn~o words "land tax.*' This was simply a matter of verbiage. The Hon. J.*H. HOWE taid the Taxa tion Act did not provide for the taxation of perpetual lea-ses, and it was necessary to retain the words. The Hon. J. WARREN obtained leave to withdraw his amendment. "Clause passed. Clause 60 passed. Clause til. Surrender of agreements and leases. The Hon. J. WARREN thought the land board could Ik- trusted to reduce the rent if necessary. He moved to strike out in subsection 2 all the words after "Act." The CHUCK SECRETARY said clauses 52 and 53 were inserted to five other con cessions and not reduction of rent. At present the lessees seemed satisfied with the esistinp conditions. The Hon. .1. WAIUIEN said sometimes salt rose on land and destroyed vegetation. In this and other cases where the land was reduced in value, why should not the board decrease the rent? Surely they could trusi tlie board? The Hon. J. 11. HOWE said h? was ori ginator of clause 61 r and it was only passed after a keen tieht with tlic Kingston Go vernment. He quite agree.) with Mr. \\\ arren in his amendment, which he would support. The CHIEF SECRETARY said only a few minutes ago Mr. Warren proposed to suiierscde the land board. He admired that hop. member's persistenev, but not his eonsistenev. The Hon. -T. WARREN said tie Chief Secretary should be fair. The previous clause which he had moved to amend re ferred tn improvements as well as rent. Amendment carried. Clause as amended passed. Clauses €2 So <38 ]tasked. Clause C 9. Applications for transfer to be remitted to land board tor advice The Hon. J. WARREN said subsections \- and 3 were r.ot as consistent ac they ought to be. In one case pastoral lands were included, and not in 1 lie other The CHIEF SECRETARY raid subsec tion 2 was passed in 1890. and subsection 3 last year and it would be seen that they were not inconsistent. Clause passed. Clauses 70 to 72 passed. Prepress re|>orted. Committee sit acairi. next day. PAPERS. The CHIEF SECRETARY laid on th table:—Pursuant to statute—Marine Hoard By-laws, Explosives Regulations, PropoA-d uy-laws Cor]>oration of Cnwler. ADJOURNMENT. Tlie CHIEF SECRETARY, in moving the adjournment, said he did not pro]jo>d to ask the Council to sit on Thursday thi-1 week. He would, however, ask tliefn to bit on three .lays tlie following week. At 5 p.m. the Council adjourned till nevi day at 2 p.m. 