The Visit of the Bishop On Tuesday evening the Bishop of Adelaide having confirmed 10 candidates at Georgetown, was driven by the Rector, Rev. A. E. Green, to Laura, where he was met by Mrs. Harmer who had arrived the previous day ; the candidates confirmed were — Boys. A H Mugg, H O Phillis, C H M Phillis and R M. R. Lewis. Girls— E N Phillis, H E F Lewis , A E Phillis , J E M F Piper, A M Jelhy and M A T F Piper. On Wednesday His Lordship, who had been taken very ill the night before, was unable to leave the house until the time for starting for the service at Gladstone, otherwise he had intended meeting some of the Church- people of Laura, and it was a great disappointment to be unable to do so. The service at Gladstone was a great success, fourteen candidates were presented for confirmation, viz. — Mr J C Adams, Master R T Latimer. E .C Bertram, and T W Leo ; Misses W E Cox, E S Cox , L . M . Delsar , G L Harrington , D V Jones; A M Latimer, M Tripney, E H Tull, H M Tull and Mrs M Willett . The Church was crowded, many failing to gain admission. The address of the Bishop was most impressive and helpful, both to the candidates and congregation. The musical part of the service was irreproachable and the proceedings from first to last progressed without a hitch. At St. John's, Laura, before the time advertised for the commencement of the service, the Church was overcrowded. A few inmates after 7.30 the seventeen candidates filed into the Church and took the places reserved for them. Immediately afterwards the Right Rev. Dr Harmer (Bishop of Adelaide) entered, preceded by the Rev A E Green (Rector) and took his spat in the sanctuary. The service commenoed by singing the appropriate hymn, ' My God, hccept my heart this day,' which was followed by the formal presentation of the 'candidates. The Bishop then explained the service, and addressed the congregation and then the candidates, after which the latter at his call ratified and confirmed t-ie tows made for them at their baptism. Tl»i? y«ni Creator waothpn«ung kneeling (** C«/mri, Holy Ghost our souls inspire") and then, after a moment of silent prayer, the candidates were confirmed in the following; order, according to age. Boys— Alfred E Wakeham, Charles F T Brasted, Cyril E A Clark, Vivian A R Brasted, and Hubert T Clark; Girls— Margaret S North. Alexanderina North, Edith B M Tardiff, Daisy C Sunman, Emily E Dicker, Olive C Crocker. Edith M White, Flora M North. Augusta A Knofel, Ivy M Crocker, Ida M Drage, and Dorothea S E Green. The hymn ' Our blest Redeemer e'er He breathed,' was then sung, after which the Bi3hop adlresgpd ihe j crtiidi'laten on the new life thpy w«*re to live ' and how to live it wo'tliily. This was fo-1'iwed hy the hy'nn, 4C Soldiers nl*Chrisi, ar:ae.'' ani the blossine concluded a very bcuiujfui fxtk'Din service The attendance wa« \78. a record f-r St. Jo'in's. On Thursday, the Bishop and Mrs Harmer. with the Rev A E and Mrs Green, were the guests to luncheon of Dr and Mrs Cook, Mrs Bennett, of Crystal Brook, also being one of the party. On Friday »nnrmnff the Ra^' A 15 Green rfrore the Bishop ami ltouse narty to \$'irra- hara For*»«r, Or and Mrs Cook and Mrs. Bi*lneK accoiupanyin-f them. Luncheon was p-r!:ikt?n of under the shady nn-1 sequestered cnni«.by- Mr Mi'i*ill''« residence l-v Itis kin-l pormissiim, lie * Uh Mr and Mrs Oborn joi'iin? the nany there also. S-wie visiting was done amongst the fir-jstfrs ar far as -init- portnitied. a-id at 5 n.m Uie- party, minus D* an-! Mr- C-'^k an-J Mrs Bennett, orove hy invitation to Mr C»ckrmrn's Vhere a snmpruouR n*past wag prepared, and fr.nn ihenci* to the Institute, VVirrabari, where another over crowded congregation awaited' them, in which sprvicu Ar hur Mervin Mniiood and L'az'e Ethclwin Malioud -rere confirmed. The service its«-lf was similar to that at Laura. uauiA t» i o i roi;iif-ii at ntiiiui m.o*/ on Friday. Mr H W Hughes, of Booyoolie, sent for the Bishop and Mrs Harmer, and after luncheon with him, they took the attention sniin for Petersburg. A very happy week has l-ei-n spent, and toe Bishop ling j.-ft behind him uiaoy happy memories of visit, while Mrs Hanuer has endeared herself to all. It should be mentioned that after the confirmation service at Laura, Mrs Harmer started a branch of the Mothers' Union here, open to mothers of all denominations. Mrs Green was made President and Mrs Marrie Enrolling Secretary and Treasurer, and a better officer for the post they could not have found. Mesdames Green, Marrie, Hollis, Sunman, Crocker. Clark. North, and W Morris joined the Union, Meetings will be held from time to time, of which due notice will be given. 