SHREDS AND PATCHES. \----+----- BY ARGUS. Captain Miles played it pretty low down on the residents of those dis- tricts he made a flying trip through on Sunday. The matter of his intending visit was kept dark until the last minute, and I understand the Minister of Lands left in his wake fully a score of disappointed deputationists who were caught napping. When asked why the trip was got through so hur- riedly, the captain winked the other eye, as he muttered something about "pressure of business," and "seeing the intending deputationists some other time." I hear the residents of "Bog- a-goose Flat" are exceedingly annoyed, as they fully expected the skipper would put in at least half a day in ex- ploring the roads of the neighbour- hood. The Minister of Lands is, I under- stand, wroth at the stupidity of those who had the pioneering of his recent trip. It appears he was most anxious to attend church in one of the townships visited, but his guides, by some unaccountable blunder, drove him with a great flourish of trumpets to the front door of the local pub instead of to the desired edifice. By the time the matter was explained, and practical proof given of the character of the house visited, the party had to push on, consequently church was missed for that day. To make matters worse, the clergyman, to whom the mistake had not been explained, preached a stirring sermon in denunciation of the Minister's action, and the congre- gation passed a unanimous vote of censure. It is not this latter fact, however, that is making the captain so wild; it is the thought of the un- pardonable oversight of those to whose guidance he so confidingly entrusted himself in not having quietly driven round the back way to that pub. The worst of the foregoing little in- cident is that the clergyman in his denunciation declared that the gallant captain and his friends were setting a bad example to the children of the district. A local poet has composed a rhyme on the subject, and this, I am informed, is to be sung by the various Salvation Army branches throughout the Coast on Sunday. The composi- tion is as follows:— BAD CAPTAIN MILES. (Air—''Good Old Mary Ann.") Children, turn your eyes in sorrow From bad Captain Miles. Your voices raise in holy horror At bad Captain Miles. Our clergyman about him preaches; His fervid voice all nature reaches; E'en the blessed parrot screeches, Bad Captain Miles! Some day you'll rue the course you're steering, Bad Captain Miles. There's a place with temperature uncheer- ing, Bad Captain Miles. You're bound there—tremble and grow paler; Change your course, you naughty sailor: We may be frail, but you are frailer, Bad Captain Miles. \----------- I think the crowd at the Albert Hall on Monday night made a mistake in not listening to what Mr. Fisher had to say. That gentleman told them plainly they knew nothing whatever concerning federation, and was just about to explain the whole matter when an unthinking public evidently became possessed of an idea that it was at a circus, and the rest was chaos. I, for one, however, was anxious to hear Mr. Fisher's address, and hope to see him well to the front at the forthcoming demonstration. When Mr. Fisher gets on the platform next week I hope the audience will listen to what he has to say-take my word, it will be well worth hearing. \--------- The chagrin of the Devonport and Sheffield people when they found there was no vote on the schedule of public works for the Wilmot railway, and also no mention of the bridge over the Mersey, was at first too deep for words; but when they found their tongues they made things pretty lively. Our local Silas Wegg has turned on the tap, and expresses the position thusly:— From Wilmot's shady valleys to Mersey's wave-washed bay There rose a cry of anger, dis'pointment, and dismay. It echoed over Sheffimeld to Roland's rugged ridge, Past Barrington was borne the wail-"No railway nor no bridge!!' They'd junketed the Minister, had toasted Railway Back, IHad driven them many a weary mile o'er hill and dale and track; Both Minister and manager had lauded to the skies, With one eye on their pocket, and with t'other on the prize. And Aikenhead and Murray received their meed of praise, Two pattern members both well up Par liamentary ways, 'Who posed as "Independents," but, when works were on the go, Staunch followers of those who had their favours to bestow. They made cock-sure about them - that a bridge and that railway; "Wait till you see the schedule, and then as clear as day V You'll find you're not forgotten," was the rejoinder bold; ' But when the list was printed they found they both were sold. Th' electors then turned rusty, and friends were rather riled, a And Bobby Stewart was ropeable, and Sheffield Jones was wild; e While Nicholls he looked grumpy, and Ack lin muttered "Dang!" y And Hope said-"What could you expect from that Braddonian gang" ' Then Murray wired to Ailkenhead, and Wil lliam he replied, "I've bounced the blooming captain to bridge the Mersey's tide, And threatened old Sir Edward, if the rail way's not conferred, That both of us will roost 'longside the y, Opposition Bird." ill So Miles he knuckled under: the bridge he granted straight, n But as regards the railway, he told them s they must wait; ot But waiting is not in their line, that line re must come their way, Or else the Ministry will find there'll be Ila the deuce to pay. \------ Touching that Sheffield to Rosebery railwfy, I am informed steps are being taken to form 'a deputation of spinsters from the Wilmot to proceed to Hobart for the purpose of intervieuing the Minister of Land's, and urging him to push the work through without delay. They have got a strong case. for the Hon. Mr. Morrisby recently informed them that once the line became an es- tablislied fact scores of West Coast bachelors would pour into the Wilmot in search of wives. He hinted, more over, that it was quite possible he would try his own luck, so I can quite understand the anxiety of the fair daughters of the new country to see railway communication established at once. The Minister, being an ex sailor, will, I am sure, find it hard to withstand the telling arguments the fair ones are to bring forward. A correspondent has sent me the fol lowing copy of an old-time playbill, the original of which is said to be in the possession of an English manager: KILKENNY THEATRE ROYAL. By Her Majesty's Company of Comedians. The last night, because the Company go to Waterford on Sunday, May 14th, 1793, will be performed, by command of several respectable people in this learned metropolis, for the benefit of Mr. Kearns, THE TRAGEDY OF "HAMLET," Originally written and composed by the celebrated Dan Hayes, of Limerick, and inserted in Shakespeare's works. Hamlet by Mr. Kearns (being his first appearance in that character), who, be tween the acts, will perform several solos on the patent bagpipes, which play two tunes at the same time. Ophelia by Mrs. Prior, who, will Intro duce several favourite airs in, character, particularly "The lass of Richmond Hill," and "We'll all be unhappy together," from the Rev. Mr. Dibbin's Oddities.. The parts of the King and Queen, by direction of 'the Rev. Father O'Callaghan, will be omitted, as too immoral for any stage. Polonius, tho comical politician, by a young gentleman, being his first appear-. ance in public. The Ghost, the Gravedigger, the Laertes, by Mr. Sampson, the great London come dian. The characters to be dressed in Roman shapes. Tickets to be had of Mr. Kearns at the sign of the Goat's Beard, in Castle-street. The value of the ticket, as usual, . will 1 be taken (if required) in candles, bacon, soap, butter, cheese, etc., as Mr. Kearns wishes in every particular to accommodate the public. No person whatsoever will be admitted to the boxes without shoes or stockings. A man from St. HIelen's attended 1 the band ball on Wednesday evening, and enjoyed the fun and frolic up till 1 a.m., when he left for his hotel. Ar- riving there, he gave three vigorous Iknocks at the front door-the virtuous knoclks of a lodger who has a right to be admitted, and not the hesitating, guilty window-twiddle of the man who wants to obtain a surreptitious liquor after hours. But there was no re- sponse. The three raps were repeated, somewhat louder this time, but all was quiet inside that hotel as in a tomb. Then the man from the country waxed, wrath. The night was freezingly cold, and he was beginning to speculate on the dreadful possibility of having to whlk the streets all the' remainder of the night. He gave three more thun dering knocks at the door, the sound's of which echoed in the Cataract Gorge, reverberated hollowly along the de serted streets, and made the welkin ring. (N.B.-Don't exactly know what a welkin is; but it rang, anyhow.) Then a head was poked out of an up stairs window, explanations ensued, and the lodger was admitted. The bar parlour was full of people (all lodgers), but they were evidently suffering from a severe, fright. "Why didn't you let me in?" naturally enquired the man from St. Helen's. "Let you in?" was the amazed reply. "Expect anybody to open the door after hours when you give the sergeant's knock." It seems that the visitor had unwittingly in fringed the sergeant's copyright. It is true that the caterer at a. recent function only provided tea and coffee by way of liquid ) refreshment, but it is equally true that something a good deal stronger might be obtained by those who knew the ropes. Tom and Dick, two sulphur-inhaling sinners from the Wild West, indulged a bit too freely, and, going home in the small hours, were, not to put too fine a point upon it, what John Coleman would call "blind paralytic drunlk." Tom maintained that the moon, which was then shining brightly, was the sun, while Dick held that it was the moon. The drunken argument pro ceeded until a third individual in a similar condition with respect to so briety came along, and they agreed to leave the decision to him. "Beg (hic) pardonsh, sir," hiccoughed Tom, "my friend here shays that's the moon; I shay its ch'sun. Which is It?" The new comer gravely balanced himself against a telegraph pole, took an un steady bool at the moon, nnd then re marlked, "You must excuse me, gentle men, but I am a stranger in Laun ceston." It is satisfactory to know that Tom and Dick, since that night's experience, have "sworn off." That is to say, they indulge in nothing but Federal c('h)ampaign. 