HpTALE OF MAGIC. Kflio steamship was moving slowly along '4ho Gold Const. The passengers w era lying about in dock choirs and were gazing lazily, out from under the shade ot double awnings across tho glittering water at the long coast line, which unrolled itself like a panorama before them. Long lines of yellow beach, where the . Atluutic rollors broke in shcotB of snowy foam, low bluifs crowned with great cotton- wood trees, clusters of native huts lying be- neuth the shudo of feathery palms, roaring , surf-covered bar and river mouth, all came into sight, and disappeared as the steamer rolled along, until, lying some distance be hind tho coast among what appeared to be miles of mangrove swamp, a lonely flat- topped mountain rose in view. Tho summit could bo plainly soon against tho bluo tropic sky, but tho upper slopes wero covered with wreaths of mist, which , was straugo, as the rest of tho londsoape liiy ' Bhnrp and clear in tho sunlight. " That must bo the Ghost.Mountain, our j black passengers tell us the strange talcs I about. By the way, yoii promised to tell us about tho timo you went to the top, Com- raissioncr," said the Doctor, turning to Dis- ' trict Commissioner Oddy, who lay back in a cano chair. The latter was a slightly-made, spare man, | who was returning home invalided, haggard innd yellow in face from tho climate and fever, hut still showing by .tho flash of his eye and tire firm mouth traces of energy and decision. He turned to the doctor nnd answered: " Yes, X lived— and .several times nearly 'died— in sight of it for throe years, bat al- ' though I once tried I did not got to the top, i nnd never wish to try again. The natives I say no one but ft Ju Ju man over reached the summit nnd Jived." Here the passengers drew in their chairs I to listen, and the Commissioner continued: "It wassome twenty yearsago that Jevons, i a trading agent, and myeelf sat out on the I verandah of my houee, smoking an after- ! dinner cigar. It had been a trying day, as : hot as fire, and at night it was if possible worse; the inside-of the -room resembled an .oven. Outside, however, a faint breeze I stirred, bringing with itrthe usual smell of ' burning wood, orange flowers and lilies, mixed with tho foul odours of mad and i swamp, ;fnd nlthough-thcro was considerable iris); of fever, it was just possiblotodireatlie there, which you couldn't do inside. " After we bad smoked a while in silenco Jevons stretched out his hand, and pointed across the miles of denso forest and man- igrovo swumps that lay boncath the bright i moonlight, opening out hero and there to show tho glistening, surface of abroad river reach, or tho foul black mud of a tidal i llagoon, to where- tho -Ghost Mountain stood, out clearly against the slty, with a silver eloud- of mist wrapping-.its lower slopes. " When shall we climb that wonderful' mountain, Oddy?' " "Ob, whenever you wish; to-morrow, if" you like,' I answered. Wo were both young, jand with my-hcad-fnU of varied information in the departmental books, I thought I know everything about Africa and its actives. 1 have chauged-my inind since, and am Just beginning to learn a little now — while ' Jovons, a burly, red-faced Englishman, was firmly convinced that there was' nothing worth knowing oxcopt.how to mako 25 per cunt, profit for his firm by cheating the natives. "Wo both of -us laughed at tho super stitions concerning the-mountain, so, . hav ing decided to go, I colled for my Sianty. boy, blew my whistle for Sergeant Aruun.- r.nd Kossoo, "for there-were ton 'Haussas attached to tho«tation. " A few momonts luter tho two ' Haussas ' who are, as you- know, Mohammedan black troops, catered, Eino, tall mou tliey wore, from tho far interior, witli features much ' finer thaii- thoso of tho coast tribes, dressed \in brown Karki uniform uud red'fe2. While t\hoy stood at attention, I told tho hoy to liato two hammocks and eight beaTers ready by solarise on tlia morrow. " At\this-ho urged us to abandon the idea, saying thV»t for 400 years no one but a Ju Ju priest had dwer reached tho summit without dying or losing his reason shortly afterwards. However, wo roth langhed at any ' super stitious Idea,' affld turning to tho black ser geant, I said: j " ' Are you affraid to go, Amun ?' " ' Mountain/ bu groat Ju Ju, aah ; no good to mcddlo |with tho fetish of the heather; but whoro Coirimissioiiuh go, Amun and Kos- soo go to, evejn though tho mountain bo full of devils,' was the faithful fellow's answer. That is tho /nature of the Mohammedan. Treat him (fairly and feed him well, and ho would folloiw you through Hades, " We started at daybreak tho next morn ing, travelling as far as wo could in our ham mocks, witlli plenty of block carriors, until the bush liocamo so thick that we had to go on foot. ' " I reiViember tho morning well, the bright sunshiuo and brillaut flowers where the forest whs thinner, and the solemn dimness and wreaths of mist that lay around tho trunks where the great branches met abovo us, every tree festooned witli hanging creep ers. IV o did not know thon that this mist might ijiean quick death, and that tho smell of an African forest, half aromatic and half repulsive, was genorally full of fever. " On wo went, winding in nnd out among tho trees now crossing a clear space, and again cutting our way with mntchots through thorny bushes, until, when night came, wo , camped beside a little creek, aud I lay uwako until jlawn, listening to the rustling of leaves and tho voices of the forest, and watching the fircflios flashing in the grass. " Iiji tho morning wo made an early start, and, n-fter a hard day's marob, olimbing and stumbling among mangrove roots, several times pourly losing our lives in tho pools of fathomless mud that, abound in these parts, wo caitipod at sunset under the mountain it self. j Dividing us from it ran a broad, shul- low stiteani, rippling pleasantly over a sandy bod, only to lose itself lower down among the rottenness and slimo of a mangrove swamh- Tho moon shono brightly on tlio water1, and in tho bush around us not a leaf stirred, but tho mountain in front lay wrajvped in adurk cloud of mist, out of which we .could hear tho rustling of trees and the inoidning of a night breeze. Oar bearers, m spi-te of tho liberal pay promised them; showed signs of ranking off, declaring that i/iono of us would return alive, and it was 'only by threats that wo eould induce them I to remain. ' " when dawn came we forded the stream, . I and just as we stoppod out of the water came 1 upon two tall wands of scented wood, drivou Into the sand, eaoli carrying a white cloth lipped in blood. This was one of tho Ju Ju marks, and where it is set up with the proper : qoromooial you might lay all you posBossod there, and no native would dare to toueh it. " As wo passed Jovons, out of wantonnes's, and with somo silly remark about ' pulling up nigger superstitions,' snapped one of tho stakes aoross his knoo, and sot the pieces floating down tho stream. I at once turned upon liini angrily. " ' tfl/bat did you do that for 1 You fool. look at the carriers; you'll see they will all bolt now, worse frightened than ever.' "'Lot of silly niggers ! Let them bolt.and we'll go on olono, eh,-Kosaoo ?' ho -said, turn ing to the' Houssa. ' i " ' Whether they be sticks or stoncB, I know not,; said the latter, in his own tongue, a little of which I- knew,- but it is not good to insult thogods of thoheathch,' and by this timo 1 knew ho was right. I was a little un comfortable, for . I noticed tho carriers' mut tering one to another,' nnd looking at my companion in a threatening manner, but we induced them to go . on by drawing our re volvers, and the climb continued. " While tho sun shone over-tho forest be low, us, themountain sides were covered witli white mist, which soaked our clothes nnd seemed to go through to tho -bono, and, while we could feel no -air in our faces, wo could hear the trees overhead swaying and rustling in. the breeze. Tho lower slopes were oozing with water and mud, so that our upward march was difficult and dismal, especially as we had to cut our . way through thorny bushes arid masses of trailing - plnnts most of the time.. Up we went, straggling, through swamp and broke, until toward afternoon I noticed my companion got Btrangoly quiet, and had a flushed, ' swollen look about ItiB face, which 1 did not like. When wo stopped a few minuteB for breath, I said : " ' What's tho mutter, Jevons ? Are you ill ?' but 1 only got a surly 'No ! go on,' for an answer, nnd wo continued our way, and by 6 o'clock were Eomelralf way up tho mountain. "Hero we found a little clear space, strewn with a few largo flat rooks, and as tho bearero had bnotight some dry wood from tho forest below wo made a fire and prepared to camp. Ouco or twice I noticed Jevons stag ger as ho moved about arranging the simple meal, nnd at last I made iiiVri sit down and leave it alone. While this was going on, what little light there was faded away, and ail intense darkness closed around us. My friend ate nothing, but drank some of the spirits nnd quinino I gave him, arid then said: " I don't know what's the matter with me ; my head's on fire, nnd I can't hold my- self up. Some one must have poisoned me — or something. I'll go to sleep.' " Wrapping him in hiB waterproof sheet, I placed some baggage under liis head, and Bat down beside him. " ' Amun and Kossoo,' I said, I'll watch half tile night— you sleep.' Thon I throw more wood on the lire, and began my lonely vigil. "Overhead tho tree3 swayed and rustled and a chill wind drove iu my face, while fan. tastic wreaths of mists drifted across tliu fire light. Tho red glow fell on my companion's faco, and I saw how'flushed-and distorted ,-it was, wliiio ho moved uneasily in his: \--nlccp, and' murmured from time to timo. Drifting out of tho darkness came tho moan- -ing of the wind, and thc myriad voices of the forest, and 1 listened until at last my eyes : closed, and I fell asleep. '"After dozing uneasily a little I heard a . weak voice-calling me, and, rising-to-my feet, saw Jevons-trying to raise himself. Hastily -running across to him, I raised his head, and -he gnspeil out: " ' I don't know what it can be, but I fori -I'm dying. Hold my band; don't leave mc,' : and then liis head fell back on my knee. " Calling Amun, I told him to bring some more wood, and to rouse ouo of tho bearers, and for the little while he was away in tho darkness I felt strangely- desolate. In a fow . minutes ho rcturnod. " ' Tho Shaatec men all line for go away,' She said; 'only Amun and Kossoo here. Whcro ofiieor man live, there bo Hnussa -man.' Then ho made up the fire and sat -close hohind mc. " I shall never forget the horror of that' j-diemnl night, sitting by the glow of the file, -watchiDg-iho flickering shadows as I held -ray dying comrade's head on my knee. The mist, drove past mo in wreathe, chilling me through with its clammy touch, whiio all' around the branches -Hwnycd and rustled 'as the wind swept through the trees, and' at intervals tiie snort of the leopard- seeking his prey sounded through tho forest. Jevous. moved uneasily at times, and clutched my -hands, but never recovered consciousness, nnd when at length tho weary night pusscd, and tlio dim light of dawn came llitteriog through tho branches, I saw with horror that ha was dead. " Abandoning all our luggage, wo three -started to retrace our stops, attempting the almoBt impossible task of carrying thebody of our comntdo with us. All day we strug gled- downhill, through mud and thorny 'thicket, tearing our clothes to ribands, and. at timcB getting a nasty wound ourselves, al-' ways in the somo-cloud of clammy mist. I'. alternately shaking with tho fover, which! now attacked mo. and abusing our cowordly-, carriers for deserting us. Toward evening we reached tho stream which separator! the-, mountain from tho mnngrovos, and here we flung ourselves down, and, with pains in every limb, and with my blood like liquid, fire, I lay till morning in the burning grip of: fever. " When daylight came I could scarcely- stand alone, and, as to carry the body any further was impossible, nothing could bo done but to scrapo a shallow holo iu the sandy strip by tlio river and ley it there, at the foot of tlictwoJu-Ju wands-,for when we returned the missing one had been replaced.' " All that day, with swimming head and useloss limbs, I loaned on tho shoulders of . my faithful followers, and, half carried and' half staggering, managod-to get through -the awful tract of mangroves, blaok-mud and; swamp, which we-hod to cross. .Straggling along half conseious late that night, wo reached tho spot where the hammocks had been loft, and alinough.they were worn out with fatiguo, the two Btaunch Huuasas took mo up, and, travelling along the clear path, wo came staggering into the Compound at dawn— two haggard, tattered bearers, and an uhconsoiouB muii. " Tor teu days I lay between life nnd death, nnd then slowly recovered." " Did your friend show symptoms of ma-. Jaria ?" naked tho doctor. " I havo scon many men die of fover, but none liko that," atisworod tho commissioner, " but from thut day I havo carefully avoided any insult to the native Fetish. ' I can give you no reasouB, and can only say with Hum- let, ' Thoro are more things iu heaven and earth tlian oro dreamt of in your philosophy.' And if you wish to know 'all tho-straugo things that happen in the African forests you must spend your lifo among. them." 