fjiteratatt A PLASTER SAINT. By ANNIE EDWARDES, Author of 'Ought We to Visit Her,' 'Leah,' 'A Point of Honor,' 'Archie Lovell,' &c7; [Published l-y special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER I. Polly Erne paused for a breathless se cond at the head of the landing stair. The dark October night had until now been her friend, had covered her escape froin the hall, her passage through the sha dowy long garden, which lay between Pen sion Bannennan ? and the lake. At the present moment she was exposed to half the windows in the house. Venus, just risen above the opposite mountain crests of Savoy, was throwing a diffused and tre mulous light across the gay expanse of Leman. Venus shone upon the girl's bare bright head, upon her hands. And if she 'was seen she was lost. Steadying, herself by the aid of a worn and casual rope, Miss Erne descended five or six slippery, lake-washed steps; she stood on the level of the water. 'Well lost,' added her heart, with the delicious zest of transgression, 'so long aa freedom was won to-night.' For the freedom would last two hours, a lovers' eternity. Was not the smart world of Montreux hotly packed in the ballroom of the grand, the smart old bene factress who owned her with the rest ? Had she not acted headache so patheti cally as to convince even John Ingram, her slave arid gaoler, that it was for her , good to be left alone ? Two hours were hers. Let to-morrow bring to-morrow's inexorable wisdom. She would drink of the wine of liberty to-night. She listens. Was that faint sound the echo of distant dance music? Poor John, treading a heavy measure with Zillah Meyerbeer, the over dressed Israelite maiden, whose charms, next to her own, he most affected in Mont reux? No; it was but the undercurrent droning its burden of avalanche and sud den storm and human death struggles amidst the still fairness of the evening. A minute later and there came the splash of sculls. Through the semi-darkness she could discern a. boat approaching from the direction of Clarens. Another minute and she was away upon the lake, 'the happiest woman in Europe.' As she took her place in the stem, Miss Erne made this unveil ed statement — 'Yes, Mr. Gervase. I accept cynicism beforehand. The very happiest.' Mr. Gervase puUed out, languidly per haps, yet with no real want of muscle, from shore. By-and- bye, pausing on his sculls, he said— 'The present moment always makes Polly Erne the happiest young woman in Europe. How little two years have chang ed .you!' Something like compassion was in his Voice. '?The girl stooped her left hand to the water. A diamond ring stub on her third finger. The brilliants sparkled and glowed in the light of Venus, beside which a thin crescent moon now glittered over snow topped Savoy. ' All the present moments you know alwut have been spent with you, George : of course, those have made me happy. And the present moments since we bade each other good-bye that night in Mor laix: ? She gave a shiver. Drawing up her wet J left hand Polly examined the ring stead fastly. 'The present moments, of -which I know nothing, and that nevertheless have made you the happiest young woman in Europe,' persisted her companion. 'I am never happy without you.' Mr. Gervase must have known every change of Polly's voice pretty .well, but the broken, .abruptly-lowered tone could never lose its charm by reiteration. Self love is in -woman's nature the last feeling to know satiety. . 'Give me a hand to kiss, Miss Erne; no, not the wet one — that and the ring it bears are none of mine. How sweet you are, dear, when you still throw me out a word of kindness!' 'Still!' AH the story of her passion, of this man's character, of her own wrongs, was epitomised in the monosyllable. The hand, obediently yielded, fluttered as it met his ? lips. For these two people at whom we glance were no tyros. The light that goes before dawn, the transport of confession, the first parting, the letters diurnal at first and glowing, then fewer, then dropped, the anguisli of loss— all these experiences came upon Polly Erne as a child three years ago. »iie was a woman' now, used to the world of men, their faith, their unfaith; a woman piteously far off from her whom Gervase first saw bare-foot, with dark hair falling about her shoulders, on the Mor Jaix sands. ' In those young days, that first act upon which the curtain had darkly fallen, Polly's grandfather was living, acle ; lightful, impecunious old Irishman, who had lived at Morlaix (on capital) for thirty years. His death, a few months later, east the girl upon two alternatives— the ten derness of an: aunt by marriage, or the cloister. Lady Erne, the aunt by marriage, a twice bereft widow, was a woman with an incorruptible sense of human, duty; She also wanted a cheap ? y companion. Before Colonel Erne had been ?/ dead six months Polly found herself eleofc ? cd to the pjjtit.1 j- ? . . - ''Eector^jjity,:; the bindweed of life.' : Lady Erne -rested her hand-sentimentally ?i our uutjes. will .we ipur,eiy, tu^jnepic ones,; anil sbBil, :pi$p^r8^^^e^iet^^.^fhv^i Between liuntmnd Jniece.' thert ^titfei be^no'. ?talk--bf.;iomal^ia1isiry?C*i:. ?i^:^-:';: ?£?:?.:' , The^v magnammouis. ;bgj5gain|;'waB stbick ?in'Paris, whither^Polly ?; had been :sunimon-: ed: from Brittany; 'on- appjsby^l.f';. Her, purely aesthetic duties: began' a $, pice; ,; Would thifcJcloister-: havij been better? The poor;chM-8':g^led''Bpiri£ 'for, a while said .'Yes.'. Then', youth,, healthy: tempera ment, patched Virer peace .-. up with , the world. Lady. Erne iwas an -insatiate .rover, and Polly, with aier wifccMig-manner, her Irish eyes, her Naiad grace, -found appre-. ciation in many harids^ and she liked appre ciation, ice-cold though the heart was ht her breat, and she encouraged men and tortured them. (the man! nearest, to .her hand somewhat more than the rest), and then would repent her of her sins. Ques tion even -whether, a cold- blooded engage ment might not 'be a nobler unfaith to her first lover than cold-blooded coquetry. Then again came yearnings fct the cloister. And then, barely a fortnight since, . the romance of Polly's life had reopened in unromantic fashion. Coming back ^by tram ? Ironi Vevey, she abruptly found herself one October afternoon face to face with Mr, Gervase, 'John,' her cousin by marriage, the hapless 'John,' looking sullenly on. 'That 'still' is ambiguous. The slightest change in your voice cuts to the quick. In the Morlaix days,' observed Air. Ger vase, 'I was never jealous. Yet I bad cause enough. The crowds of men who used to besiege you on the Plage— have you forgotten?' 'Artists wanting a model. I was not beautiful.' 'A6 you, are now, no.' 'But picturesque. A sunburnt gamine,' said Miss Erne, reviewing her past self impartially, 'with a pair of eyes, a de ficiency of whalebone, a trick of fall'ng offhand into attitudes. The 'crowds' were painters to a man, remember— Eng- lish _ painters, American, Parisian, mostly Parisian; they gave me bonbons to pose for them. I wonder my teeth are what they are, Mr. Gervase, when I thinL of those bonbons.' 'I wonder,' remarked Gervase, 'at an hour like this, a rare enough hour for me' —his voice sank — 'why you wear Ingram's ring. It is not like you, Polly.' Her face melted into delight. At Morlaix, in her perilous freshness, in the first transport of passion, he had not been jealous, and row — 'It would be nfore like me, wou'd it not, to deceive, hoodwink you, George, like the rest? The diamond for home wear when a certain wise-head is by, the unringed hand for Mr. Gervase.' 'The wise-head may laugh,' said Ger vase markedly. 'He will win. I am honored by no confidence, but I can divine. Mr. John Ingram will win.' 'And your heart would break past piec ing.' 'Is it not somewhat late in the day for sarcasm?' In a moment she was contrite. 'Sarcasm from me! Oh, my dear, I have never reproached you once. Things are forced upon one. You had to put me aside, George; I have seen it all since. You had your London life, your ambitions, ? your career; and I — what was I ? A country girl not too wise or good, who had made some summer weeks pass pleasantly. A girl ? .' ... 'Whose face has haunted me— good God! will haunt me to my last hour,' exclaimed the man. 'You speak as if I had no conscience, as if the iron had not entered into ray soul, too. Yes,' he went on bitterly, 'things, as you say, are forced upon one. It is forced upon you, doubt less, to accept young Ingram, for me to endure the sight of your engagement ring.' 'I promised him not to take it off for one month, and I keep my promise. There ! ' She drew the ring from her finger, then let it fall carelessly on her lap. 'It was the very day before we met you. I was a bit run down, I think, and John camg into his mother's dressing-room and found me— well, with tears in my ej^es, perhaps. We are cousins-in-law, remem ber; we are very intimate.' 'Please spare me unnecessary details.' 'And the poor boy spoke very Icindly and asked me to wear his ring, and try to dislike him less, and — I promised.' 'To dislike him less? Fortunate youth! —the well-trodden turn in the road which leads to Holy Matrimony.' Polly laughed aloud. '''John' Ingram is a boy, not two years older than I.. He imagines that he admires me — yes, a little more than lie admires Miss Zillah Meyerbeer, of the Grand, and in another six months will have forgotten us both. Holy Matrimony!' she. scoffed lightly. 'Fancy entering that solemn portal side by side with poor John !' Grevase made no answer. He pulled further and further away from -the shore. The solitude, the hour, the inspiriting, fresh-blowing air of Polly's presence, stir red in his blood; and the emotion was welcome to him. To know your weak nesses, utilise them, hold them bond slaves, was not this the principle that' guided the life of Mr. George Gervase ? After a while, .'The cup,' quoted he dreamily, 'is changed ; the wine is the same. Do you remember our sand-eeling, Polly, our moonlight picnic on the sands ? It was St. John's Eve. The fisherfolk were chanting, the fires burning along the shore.' ' Only I was miserable. Remember ? Why, I can hear the ripple of. the sea water, I can smell the salt night air. The picnic was got up for you and me. You deserted me. You devoted yourself, all night to Blanche de Brie— poor baby faced Blanche !'_ 'And an objectionable man called Flaubert — I think that was the name— a hideous little naval officer, never left your side.' 'I thought M. Flaubert handsome, and, pf course,' added Polly, 'when one is jealous, when one 'sees red,' as John calls it, one would do anything. I dare say if M. Flaubert had asked me to run away with him there and then I would have run.' 'That is excellently saidl' cried Mr. Gervase. He was a genuine amateur of effects, the strongest lights and shadows, the vividest contrasts. .Miss Erne's char acter, it must be confessed, ; afforded fair subject matter for the student of extreme impressions. 'And suppose you were to 'see red, as John calls ft.no'w; suppose— the idea is atrocious— 'you could know that you a^nfl Ifcould never meet eaph other more in, this would, what then?' i 'fYou imeajn^'^said; :I\plly— she tried- to ??'?.. ?? ?? ~;:'-V ..\: ??;'?-. ' ?'. '?'? ?' ' ? ' |SS?ai^tlfenBakfe^bf iar^imeiit^^eB;*'-' £? ig^ J /yS^:3JQ^»rJapeiii^^ef ? ^vfinge^Mmedly^ :*hJftHjfcriew ^iier- ^laspeaJ te&dj;^ lov; ^ftiard;';;: :;;.*.f .M/. ; ./irvv; ??- .:.-,?. ^ ;?'?*'? ':/, ;?;.: :-, i^?I«hqifld kul myself. \ JTSo- ^herfe^ noij siiiciae.iii'infe' 1 stiQuldTgo to vthe^fd j .' jtistSwi . mafiVi ai'ftetter , womaft. Jhjas y&m;& ? J before, ;v^Tmak' of me :~a&. $oii lfcelXSeijifee, it is so.' 'And in ner.-passioh $hie iialfrbse, every thing unheeded save the cold curiosity wliich; '''she -believed ;;lierfcelf to' Mve idis^ cerned in her idver'B^ ^tohfe. J'' ' ? .-'- -Vf:.- ? ??'..'? ^'Myjdear feirl; look out V, your: ring!' : ' -!3&e;:;traniihg: came 'too late. '.' JSstinc-. ;tiyely 'Gervase backed water. '.The: ribg with a jerk' had already. : flown .Into .space.' For art instant its 'coruscations, red, goldjj emerald, flashed in the .-pale .jight«epon'the. walieVa -surface, -then' dbwn intpx the^iin-. searchable depths of Leuian went,John In grani's diamonds. ?' -.'? ' . ' _? ? ? \- Polly sank back nerveless. ' ^ 'I am done'fori', she cried wildly. ; 'I shall be dismissed to-morrow unless. I en gage .myself to 'John. Talk of going, tothe bad— I'm there. already.' -,'.?'' A look of blank despair, a horror, comi: cally disproportionate to the eyent.-ftras on her face. The man dropped ifche sculls. Drawing forth, a tiny .notebook from his vest pocket ' he quietly ; :jptted , down a word in shorthand—' The. '. impres- sion, of the moment.' . Polly -knew that habit of his of old, and, ignorant of the' ex igencies of 'copy,' shrank from tHe sight of a note-book with childish instinctive mistrust. Could be not remember, feel, unaided by black and white? 'An. awkward accident.' Not. for an instant, although enquiry, exposure, might mean more for him than for -the girl, did he lose his coolness. 'An awkward acci dent — do not .make it more. Disclose 'the terrible news with your finest tact,; Polly, Surely you know some manner .to avert Mr. Ingram's wrath. Take him in-.bis soft est mood. A headache kept you, Iliancy, from the ball. The same headache.prbmpt ed you to seek fresh air on the .terrace. You leant on the balustrade, beside the landing-stage. The ring was a trifle, large, your thoughts were in the ballroom of the Grand ? .' ? . 'Or how if I told the truth?' cried Miss .Erne, in an. odd voice. 'Am I ashamed to be here alone,, as I have often ' been, with you? I am not. So that part of the confession would be easy, and as to the money loss ? ' 'The money loss is nothing,' interrupted Gervase. John Ingram's bad temper might be much. Make the matter straight with him. for the present. Anything is better- for a girl' than to have a story of this kind noised abroad.' 'Is it worth fifty pounds — a hundred? I have more than that. I believe I have still three hundred pounds in 'Goschens,' and, the break must come. Aunt Theodo sia means to take to herself a third hus band, dead secret though it be. Well, there are livelier businesses in the world than 'companionship.' There is the stage,' mused Polly. 'I am not too stiff yet -to take to dancing, or I might be a model again, for bread, not bonbons. In Lon don I' should have many chances.' Gervase looked at the mobile, expres sive face, the nobly-cut figure, the beauti ful young hands, and the ice around his heart melted. 'Many chances,' he repeated, 'but bad ones all. Have lowlier ideals than foot lights or artists' studios, Polly. Keep away from London.' 'In London I should be near you.' The cry was a winged one; it clove its way straight. : _ ? 'My darling,' the man whispered, 'I take breath from you. If I could, I would have you with me always.' And face to face thus, each knew that the other thought the same thoughts. They were back at Morlaix in the morn ing of their love. The air was sharp with the scent of gathered grain, the sea gulls circled overhead. Polly could see the stretching sand- dunes, the brine-blown colza fields, the pale,, sweet northern sky. Heaven had reopened. CHAPTER II. 'You are not looking your best, Miss Erne. You have aged of late. I should say in a few years more you will be plain. The fate of girls who have no features to fail back upon.' John Ingram had acquired, with his other Oxford lore, the engaging form of manner known ' to its admirers as the 'modern.' Had he not seen a marquis repose his elbows on the dinner-table, a noble earl accord a lifted finger across a ballroom as an invitation to a waltz? Worthy John, honest son of an old fashioned city solicitor, might he not, in boorishness at least, keep alongside any fcol of quality of them all? . 'Perhaps I am plain already,'' observed Miss Erne, with plaintive resignation. 'As you gracefully say, John, I have not a feature in my face.' Lady Erne's charms were of the shrink ing violet type which avoids the light of morning. Unt!l the widow emerged veiled, roseate, panoplied i-& afternoon campaign, no eye save that of her c^ctor or her abigail beheld her: doubtful if even her doctor had beheld the actual woman. So the cousins-in-law had their forenoons frno and undisturbed foi sparring, for whether these youne iieople walkod abroad among the mountains, rowod on the lake, or stayed at home, they sprirreu -the man in grim, solid earnest, the girl because such light warfare entertained her just a degree or two more than peace. 'You have a comnlexion, I will not deny that.' He gave a glance at the dark, sublime delicacy of Polly's skin. She 'was seated on the balustrade beside one- of the terraces of the Pension Bannerman. A trellis of auturnn-nninted vine leaves quivered overhead. The sun, wjth its gold and shadow, played upon her black hair, her vivid, ardent tint of cheek1 and lip. 'Yes, and eyes.' . She hod opportunely flashed her orbs upon him. 'And a figure; and women who are nretty arid plain by turns are the devil— the very devil!' repeated the poor wretch between his teeth'.1 ' „ 'Oh, John, how lovely you are! How good it is to be summed ud bv n. jwrRnn one esteems, and I do esteem you.' 'I wish I could return the compliment.' Her cheek dimpled. :'This is delicious! The modern manner surpasses itself . And so I have forfeited 'Mr. Tngram's esteem. Mea culpa! mea culn&r;' ; J ? He interrupted her with an expletive. : ? '1 am not much of a saint,' cried he bit terly, 'but: I :hfite your up-to-date, blasted, podless girls. Fishj flesh, or fowl, I say. A- good w-$man or; a- bad one. Till now you haye been: religions.' ? 'Yea/'. v\ - 'V ' .' ? '- ?.???' ': ????'? 'But you are ^changingsfast. Sinall.won der, in'suoh* company as' you lresp:' ?*'' Polly** heart leapt; th'eh, swallowing her indignation. . she held hereelf 'together bravely. TlVgirViacUa pirt^a^imcult rP^d^fe^*^e^iv^6tiiS^6rf||li^e^)ittnt. ;i£bjri»a5-v::%t;lji£e^'; be ' any serious rupture xrith Polly's;. relations, ana^fej^iiustrgo. Yes; it wo^ld.'^be his dutj ? -to^iprsake Kerv \:&t.;) .this - .pblnt'^Mr, Gervase ^had waxpii pathelfci^raithepiitban to compromise her. ;, -i*You^re i%po ;lmodest, niy, cousin; you depreciate 'youreelf. - Eor 6f course'-r.maU- -ciqusly— 'you., mean yourself. WTiat.isom pany. dp 1'keep bujb'yours1?' .^ *'' Youoneet^ that fellow. Gervase7 daily; Ypu~meethini atalljiburs.' - . ?-.?f'Mr/.GfipyBse)'.-,: -. ' ; ' ?', ?-'.. .. 'Oh, your acting -is perfect. Not the .ghost pf. a bluslij-Taot the quiver of a muscle. But -it does not move me. I am certain of my factB.' :;'And;I,' said the girl warmly, 'am certain of mine. Do 1 deny that I meet Mr.^Geryas^? I only wish I met ..him. of terieiv He is older, wiser,- than you and L John. .:_ His talk is not exclusively slang and froth; land then,' added she witn point, 'he is a friend of better days. -Mr. Gervase brings back my father's house to me the good old time when I had my free dom, when I was not watched.' John Ingram gave two or three expres sive nods of the head — a big, stronglook ing^ head, but ungainly, like his features, like his whole person. 'If I had watched you I had done right. You are an infant in the sight of the law, remember, and you are under my mother's charge, which means mine. But I have not. 'There had been little to discover.' 'I have had the hated sight of the man forced upon me at all hours; in all places.' 'Your mother likes Mr. Gervase. She encourages him; I encourage him.' 'You do.' 'He dines with us to-night. A pleasant little banquet of four, the Kursaal after wards. Will j'ou be nice?' 'Certainly not, as you understand the word.' 'Then you compel my smiles. It is my aesthetic duty to charm Lady Erne's guests.' John Ingrain shifted his weight from one foot to the other. He watched a passing ? steamer with absorption, he whistled, then he seated himself beside his cousin — a vast deal nearer than his cousin desired — but -Polly did not shrink from'him. 'Why do we quarrel, John? In reality —well, we don't hate each other . . . much. The modern manner need surely not extend itself to ? ' 'Lovers.' John Ingram lingered over the word. 'I would give a year of my life— a solid year,' he whispered, ' to hear you' use the word.' ? 'Call a rose as you will, John. Cousins, friends, lov .... the persons you allude to. How can it matter how we style our selves?' . 'It matters, what we are. It matters whether you become Mrs. Ingram or Mrs. Gervase. . At that name, never spoken even in dreams, the life blood sprang to Polly's cheek. Instinctively -she stretched out a hand;' it rested on young Ingram's -sleeve. 'I shall never be Mrs. Anyone. I care for you, John.' In her confusion she ut tered the first words that came. 'I am gra'teful for all your kindness, but — but- — ' . Her blush, her hand touch, the soft, sweet shame written on her^face, were elo quent. Against his will, against his con victions, John Ingram softened. 'I apologise; I was brutal.' He moved from her side as if afraid to trust himself. 'Mr. Gervase is to your tasbe, and I — well, I merely love the very ground your foot presses. You know that.' She did know, and did act upon theknow ledge. With- her heart beating fast Polly took young Ingram in his 'softened mood.' NSne faltered forth the confession that the director of her conscience had outlined. 'And oh, John,' pleaded she. soft as blown petals upon grass, 'tell me the ring's worth. Indeed jrou must tell me. Grandpa left me money; I have more than £300 in 'Goschens.' ' John Ingram broke into a laugh, a singularly mirthless one. 'Three hundred pounds in 'Goschens,' an heiress! And you are afraid of the family wrath. You would like to draw out your capital, make good the loss honestly.' Polly hesitated a moment. 'Swear one thing, and I will show you a short-cut through your trouble.' You were on the landing-stage, you say; your thoughts in the ballroom of the Grand Hotel. You leaned across the railing, the ring slipped from you and sank into deep water. Was Gervase standing beside, you when this fearful accident occurred?' 'You have Gervase on the brain. Most certainly Mr. Gervase' was not standiug by me; I will swear that as often as you choose.' She spoke with lips as firm as marble, but she did not meet her cousin's eyes. Her cheeks were pale. . Polly Erne was as yet ho hardened sinner. Her confession had gone nigh to choking her while she ut tered it. The young man .watched her fixedly. 'A month ago I would, have believed you sooner than' my own soul, for I know,' interpolated John Ingram, 'that' my own soul lies to me. I read between the lines; I appreciate your talents now. No ab solute falsehood' — his voice was tense with suppressed anger — 'a pretty art for the amendment of the truth. Studied, shall we say, under the guidance of that —Gervase?' He had employed a singularly strong word, and lightning quick the girl saw and made for her point of vantage. She started 'from, her seat. Her blazing dark eyes ivere level with his. . 'This is too much. I am your menial, Mr. Ingram; remind me of that fact as often as you like. I am eating the bread of servitude; I fetch and carry, and am ordered. But you shall use fitting lan guage in my presence. I am your menial, but I am a woman.' '. ' And so overpowering was her emotion — or her histrionic instinct— that .several big tears coursed each other at this juncture down Miss Erne's -cheeks. 'I shall offend no more,' said John In gram' when their peace was made. 'I have had ray lesson; I shall ask no more 'questions.'. \ And John Ingram kept his word. ;.;?' ?'??? ? (To.be- continued.) : 