LITERATURE. BOOKS Ul TO DATE. A GREAT CRITIC ON GREAT WRITERS. It does one good, at a moment when it is the fashion to speak slightingly of the most powerful dramatic genius tho world has produced since Shakespeare, to come iicross so keen and virile a piece of criticism as "Ibsen and BJornson," Dr. Georg Brandos latest volume (liememaun; — a copy of which is forwarded from the Sydney Book Club. "Wo use ibo word "dramatic" rather, perhaps, in a literary than a purely play-acting sense, because while Ibsen probes, on occasion, to even deeper spiritual depths than his illustri ous predecessor, whilo he recognises always and infinitely more sulcly than Shakespeare that the individual soul demands development in woman as well as in man, it must be admitted that his supreme role has been, not to polish for the foot lights, but to heap up rich and original material from which a whole bevy of smaller stage-writers may draw their inspiration. And if, as his de tractors have complained, Ibsen reflects the nmiiirhr nP his i1nv .mil ceneratioti Instead of "trundling back his soul five hundred years" fo search of those picturesque forms of semi-barbar ism on the outgrowth of which wo are continu ally called upon to congratulate ourselves, is ho not thereby fulfilling tho first and most inevitable of nature's laws — that of progress? As Dr. Brandos points out, in another connection— and when Dr. Brandos speaks, all civilised Europe must turn an attentive ear — the fooli3li formula, "novel" or "play," "with a purpose," has been far too long employed as an effective scarecrow to drive authors away from the Truit that beckons to them from the modern tree of knowledge. The didactic limit, we might add, must, of course, be decided by and subordinated to the artistic sense; otherwise the author loses balance, and develops, a craze: such as we see In Tolstoi, for instance, who has produced no genuine work of art since "War and Peace" and "Anna Karenina," But, except in inefficient hands, an underlying purpose not seldom adds to, rather than impairs, vitality. "L'Art pour FArt." is a theory which sounds very well. But the doctrine may be run to death as easily as any other. Dr. Brandes book is divided, apart from the short study of Bjornson, into three "Impressions" of Ibsen, written at three distinct stages (1S67 — S2— OS) in tho Norwegian poet's career. We have, therefore, a kind of contemporaneously- noted record, in which tho change of the critic's point of view, as well as that of the subject, gives a spocial interest to a thirty years' development of two remarkable minds. The doctor is a very candid criLic. Tho English- speaking public will look In vain here for that sort of eulogy of Henrik Ibsen which ho himself has always detested, and which he satirised unmercifully in "Tho Wild Duck," as being in its absolute lack of discrimi nation, and its pandering to mere popularity, almost, as direct an Insult on tho part of would- be admirers as the shrieks and abuse of equally- ignorant enemies. The whole of the "First Im pression" in the volume before, us is 'keenly, nay, severely critical. In tlio second, wbich deals with Ibsen's transition period, commencing with the publication of the "League of Youth," and passing, through a lilerary pha.<o of ever-growing interest in social questions, to the launching of "Ghosts" upon an outraged public, we get more ot the personal element, scraps of private corres pondence, delightful bits of character sketching, in which, however, questions of work are always uppermost. Work is life to Ibscu. "lou cannot separate the lonely, restless, combative figure from its never-ceasing labors. IBs moral pessi mism is not like Goethe's, a disbelief in human happiness. It takes the forvn of contemptuous indignation against a hypocritical society which ...MI — -J.!.., In mnlrn luinntnoRS nnssiblf. Will liuk au »» l i" — "i'i" . Struggle, defeat, chastisement, sufTermg, nave al ways made for social regeneration in Ibsen's eyes, and rendered him. on ibo other hand, histo rically an optimist. Time has softened his most aggressive tendencies; and modified the persistent exaltation of the individual, whieh twenty-five years ago carried him to somewhat revolutionary extremes, and lauded him occasionally In awk ward inconsistencies. "I think it was in 1S74," writes Dr. Brandes, "Ibsen was loud iu his praises of Russia. 'A splendid country,' he said to me with a smiic. " 'Think of all the grand oppression they have.' "How do you mean?" " 'Only think of the glorious love of liberty it. engenders. Russia is one of the few countries in the world where men still love liberty and make sacrifices for it. That is why she holds so high a plneo in poetry and art. Remember that they own a writer like Turgueneft; and they have Tur- guenefTs among their painters, too, only we don't know them: but I have seen their pictures In Vienna." "If all these good things come of oppression," I said, "wo aro bound to praise it. But the knout — are you an admirer of that, too? Suppose you wc-re a Russian, should your little hoy there," pointing to his half-grown son, "havo tho knout?" Ibsen sat silent for a moment, with an inscru table expression, and thou answered, laughing, " 'Ho shouldn't get the knout; ho should give It.' " The whole ot Ibsen is In this humorous subterluge. In Ills dramas ho is continually giving his genera tion the knout. Doubtless, his hope was that tho knout in Russia would eventually, by way ot variety, fall on the oppressors." Ibsen expects nothing from piecemeal reforms. As regards ex ternal changes, he is curiously, individually con servative. . At heart he Is a determined revolu tionist. But his revolutionary principles go deep down into the springs of being. "What is really wanted," he said to his friend Brandes, not once, but often, "is a revolution in the spirit of man." Ibsen's strong distinguishing mark— and herein he Is the Shakespeare of a new era — lies in his profound recognition of woman's individual place in tho general scheme of things. Far from mar ring tho beautiful ideal of sexual relationship held up in Tennyson's "Princess" (may it long live and flourish!), he would bring tho idyllic days of its realisation nearer. But ho perceives that only under conditions of mental, moral, and spiritual freedom for both sexes Is its attainment possible, and spares not tho thunder of his indignation nor the lightning of his sarcasm against the depths upon depths of hypocrisy with which social life is everywhere honeycombed. "And yet," says Xjr. Hrancies, riennu luseu uciu vvi y uvwi? sjm- patliy with woman at tho beginning ot his career. Some authors have a great deal of the woman in their natures, and may almost bo called feminine in temperament. Ibsen is not one of these. . . Ho disliked John Stuart Mill's book on tbo 'woman' question, and Mill's personality as a wri ter inspired him with no sympathy. Mill's as sertion that ho owed much, and that the best, in his writings to his wife, seemsd especially ridi culous to Ibsen, with his marked individualism. 'Fancy,' ho said, smiling, 'if you had to read Hegel or Krause with the thought that you did not know for certain whether It was Mr. or Mrs. Hegel, or Mr. or Mrs. Krause you had before you.' " Ib sen's original antipathy to tHe whole question (attributable partly to temperament and educa tion. and partly to some of the ridiculous forms the movement assumed) was to give way to a sympathy all the more enthusiastic. "Liko a true poet," comments Dr. Brandes, "he is ready to bo the enthusiastic champion of an idea which at first failed to interest him, as soon as It is borne in upon him that this idea is one of the great rally ing points in tlio battlo of progress." A fine criticism of that profoundly symbolical work, "The Master-Bullder," is a special featuro ot tho "Third Impression," written but a few months ago; and . there- aro chapters on "Little Eyolf" and "John Gabriel Borkman." It is noticeable that for a period of more than 30 years tho enthusiasm of Dr. Brandes, the author, who has presented England with one ot tho finest ciiti- cal studios of Shakespeare yeL achieved anywhere, has been steadily growing with regard to the Scandinavian dramatist. "Sixteen years ago," he writes, "it was natural to coucludo a characteri sation of Ibsen with a comparison between him and Bjornson. Sinco then, Ibsen has developed so steadily and powerfully, and has soared so high in his poetic flight, that ho has far out-dlslanced all rivals both at homo and abroad. . . On tho threshold of old age, he still holds a place In the intellectual vanguard, so that his works are opposed, ridiculed, loved, and worshipped, as only a young or comparatively young man's generally are." Tho essay on Bjornson, which appeared in Dr. Brandes' "Pioneers of Modern Thought," is but short In comparison to tbo Ibsen study. The author explains that of late years politics and social questions havo distracted tho former writer from tho paths of pure literature. Ho pays him high tribute, however, in some critical pages, which will well repay the thoughtful reader. Jessie Mulr and Mary Morlson are responsible for the excellent translations, and tho book contains an Introduction by William Archer. "Studies iu Foreign Literature," . by Virginia Crawford (Duckworth and Co.) is n collection of essays, popularly rather than critically treated, on some ot the Inter Continental writers who have attracted universal attention, preceded by some general remarks on the present decadeuco iu France. Among writers dealt with are Vcr- haercn, Maeterlinck. ITuysmans, Gabrielo d'An- nunzlo, Fognzznro, Sicnkiewics, Daudet, and tho over-bclaudcd author of "Cyrano do Bergerac." Some of the essays have mailo a first appear ance in tho columns of the "Fortnightly," "Cos- mopolis" (now defunct), and "Contemporary Re view." 