L O C A L ADiD G E N E R A L A CORRESPONDENT writes : "The annual meetiug of parishioners o! the Mingenew Anglican Church was held on Monday night when the following office bearers were elected:—Clergyman's Warden, Mr W. A. Kenworthy ; People's Warden, Mr F. F. Carey ; Secretary and Treasurer, Mr H. Glynn; Vestrymen, Messrs A. E. Kenw6rthy ard C. H. Hope. A satisfactory report of last year's work was read. After the meeting a successful social was held, the following ladies and gentlemen contributing vocal items— Messrs Rumble and Criddle and Messrs lies, Lewis Kenworthy, Ritcbings, Rhodes (2) and Attrill (2), Mesdames Field, Hope and lies supplied the pianoforte music, and Mr Field contributed a violin solo. THE annual general meeting of the Geraldton Lawn Tennis Club was held last week, Mr T. Moustaka presiding. The committe's annual report was read and confirmed. This document set_ forth that -t'60 had been spent during the year in improving the Club's court, i'32 of which had bcea raised by means of two u performances of Oar Boys" at the Masonic Hall; that notwithstanding the heavy expenses of last year the club would start the forthcoming season free of liability ; that the institution of an ' Afternpon Tea " on Wednesday afternoons promised to make the court more attractive ai)d popular; that trees, shrubs and coupfr grass had been planted during the yew? aqiH&s; considerably to the appearance af t^ court; that the committee jfyd the lease with the trusty 'qJ t(hf* ^fsleyan Church, the ownepg IJjfti^rovmd on which the court stood!; tfaafc OJajuse 6 of the lease ran as follows$ne landlords resume the ground before the expiration of the year 1899 then they shall pay to the tenants or their transferees by way of compensation the sum of ont hundred pounds (J6I00). If the land is resumed by the landlords after the 81st December, 1899, and before the .'"31st December, 1900, then they shall pay to the tenants or their transferees by way ot compensation the sum .offifty' pounds (50)." After the Committee's annual report had been confirmed .the Treasurer (Mr J C Kidd reada statement of receipts and expenditure which showed a credit balance for the financial year of £5 lis 4d. The following members of the Club were appointed office-bearers for. the ensuing jear :—Hon Secretary, Mr R W Greville; Hon Treasurer, Mr J C Kidd ; Auditors, Messrs E D Grace and W E Loutit ; Ground Committee, Messrs H S Taylor, EL L Ottaway and W E Loutit ; Tournament Compaittee, Messrs H S Taylor, A G Denny, and R W Greville, H S Taylor to act as handicapper, the remaining two members of this committee to handicap the handicapper, when he is taking part in the tournament. A vote of thanks to the Chairman and the Secretary concluded the proceedings. UNDER the heading of " The Murchison Revisited," the reporter of the Morning Herald writes :—" Not a grea^ distance from Mt. Magnet lies Boogardie, formerly known as Jones's Well. Here are the Eclipse leases, which, it is understood, are under offer to a wealthy capitalist who is not unknown on the Murchison, and those interested go as far as to say that if the property is floated a tram-line will be constructed into the Magnet station, and then the stone will be sent to Geraldton, where there is some talk of erecting smelting works. If such a project is carried into effect, the future of the district is more than assured:" CRICKET is still in full swing down Strawberry way. A local team recently went to war with a combination from the Yarragadee side and a strong muster of surrounding settlers witnessed the frav. Strawberry went first to the wickets and put up 75 rans. E A Field 11, J Fitzgerald 10, and Sundries (no initials given) 10, were the principal scorers. The Yarragadee gladiators responded with 35 runs, of which E Pearse contributed 13. Strawberry ir their second attempt made 38, M Fitzgerald being the only player to reach double figures. Yarragadee made a brilliant effort in their second onslaught to outdo the enemy, but the 'last man fell when the score stood at 55, J Morrisey carrying out his blackthorn for 19 runs. Strawberry thus won the game by 23 runs. MR R M Stow, representing the W.A. Smelting Co., has been spending a couple of days in Gerald ton. Mr Stow has just Returned from' Badra where he superintended the dismantling some of the machinery belonging to .bis company and destined far Coolgsanfie. Mr Stow also vj.sited Narra Tarra. THE construction of a splendid 7ft iron fence round the Geraldton Agricultural Society's ground at the south end of Gregory street was completed a couple of weeks ago. The Society's committed has now viewed the work and pronounced it satisfactory. The patent turnstiles at the principal gate evoked special approval. Everything told, the fence has cost about .±'335. The Society is now waiting till it can obtain the services of the prison gang to level the ground, after which sheds, yards, pens etc., will be erected. It is not anticipated that the ground will be ready by; next show day. After the new fence has been paid for, the Society will have in htiud funds to the amount of =£ - 330. DK Ramsay, late R.M.O. of Cue, is now established in the place of his birth, Prahran, a suburb of Melbourne Dr Ramsay made an attempt about four years ago, to yain a footing in the same spot, but on the opening up of the W.A. goldfields he came thitherwards. In Prahran the name of Ramsay is quite an historical one, the voung medico's pa having practised there for the better part of a third of a century. The old man was a pronounced harum-scarum in his youth, and scandalized respectable society by his dare-devil exploits. He once played a very prominent part in a certain ghost-walking episode, and on one or two occasions his pranks brought him almost within the clutch of the law. In later years Le steadied down considerably. Indeed he became, as far as his professional life would allow him, almost a recluse. He spoke with a marked Scotch accent, and his manner was uniformily brusque. He had an immense practice, and was beloved—no other word can express it—by his patients. The present writer does not know whether tbe old gentleman is still living or not. AMONG the few Birthday Honours conferred this year upon members of the W.A. forces, is one which raises Dr. Elliott from the rank of major to that of lieutenant-colonel. AN old man named Gerrard died at the Victoria Hospital at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Just previous to his death Drt; Elliott and Greville performed an operation on deceased to remove a cerebral tumour. The experience proved too much for the sufferer, who succumbed about half an hour afterwards. Gerrard had, on two former occasions, successfully undergone similar operations Conxoe,; Doherty .md Durack, Ltd. held their usual weekly sale 011 the 17th iust. and report as follows :—Sheepskins.—We had a very large offering and prices for Merino and fine Crossbred skins H good condition again advanced. Goldfields skins of {rood length reached the f-quiva'ent of 5Jd per lb. for Meilno. Meriuo from the South Westeiu distr.cts up to 6^d per lb.; from the Eastern districts up to 6d. Prices as follows:— Merinos in good order, short, 1 10 aixl 2/'I, longer growths. 2 5 : early shorn, 3 4 and 3 '6: ditte from the goldfields, 3 -, o/- and 3 6. Crossbred-;, from imported sheep. 3 2, 3 3, 3 4, 3 6, 3 7 and 3 1); ditto from the goldfields, 2 10. Hides - A large offering with slightly incre-^scsd prices for medium weights. Cow Hides. 331b average 116, 351bs. 12 -, 41ibs. and 42 lbs. 14/(1, oOlbs. 17 6. Ox Hides, 33lbs. 116, 43lbs. 14 '6, 441bs. 15 6, 52lbs. 19-, 561bs. 21/-, 611bs. 24 -, 661bs. 26.7tlbs. 28'-. 711bs. 28/-, 731bs. 30.-, 831bs. 35 -, 961bs. 40-. CalfSkins, 2/- and 3 -. Tallow.—We offered 25 hogsheads all of whicii. however, was passed in. We quote £18 10s for good butcher's, mixed in casks with heads in. Kangaroo Skins —We quote 1/3 to I 'll per lb. for good clean shade dried lots with a keen demand. Opossum Sk'us.—We quote best blacks 10 - ; er dozen, grej s fii>t 4 - to 7 ., medium c i; tto, 3 - to 4 - ; smalls, 16 to 3 - ; best re- Is, 3/- to 6 - ; second ditto, 2 - to 3 - ; lumpers and damaged 1/- to 'J/-. Horns, from 20/- to 25 - per 100 for best large, 2 - and 10 - for small broken and damaged. Cow Tails, 91 to 19 per dozen. Horsehai'-, 1/-to 14 per lb. Manua Gum— We quote £li> to £22 per ton. THE Municipal election on Tnesdav was a very tame affair. Mr Chas. Conway was returned unopposed for the East Ward. The contest for the Central Ward seat liy between Messrs John Youard, A. O. Larsen and John Nelson. The result of the Dolling was as follows:—-Youard, 54 votes : Larsen. 49\. and Nelson 9 Mr Conway takes Mr Enright's place, and Mr 'Youard fills the vacancy caused by Mr Barnes' resignation. ON Wednesday, the 80th anniversary of the birth of Her Majesty the Qti«en. the Geraldton Rifle Volvnteers hed their usual review, Captain Buchanan being in charge At 12 o'clock the feu de joi was fired, the Royal salute was given and the march past, in review order, took place. The»Government- Resident, in the absence of \iceroyalty.: received the salute, and inspected the ranks, afterwards addressing the men in complimentary terms. Mr Brown spoke of the virtues of the Sovereign. He said that the Pope had lately pronounced Her Majesty the greatest benefactor of the human race, and J}$d given instructions that services should be held in all Roznpn Catholic Churches on the occasion of her birthday.- This was, he said a high tribute corning as it did from one who was the head of a • religion - which differed from that of the Queen. The Mayor of Geraldton, ; Lieut. Jo.'e (on the unattached list), Sur°- 3 ou'! Major Elliott, Canon. Louch (Chaplain of the I corps), Mr Inspector Lawrence and a large 1 number of the general public were present at the review. THE opening match of the Geraldton'football season was played on Queen's Birth • day. The competing clubs were the Ramblers and the Imperials. The former came out about a dozsn stories atop of their opponents, the scores being twelve goals to one. This result would seem to indicate that last year's premiers galloped right awav from the Imps, and that the latter bad no more say in the game than has the jam-tiu which occasionally lags behiud a small dog's tail. But such was not exactly the case. Until half -time the game was "in the ticklish balance." Then the superior trainiug of the Ramblers told its tale. In the last quarter the Imps followers had scarcely enough wind to blow out a candle, while the ruck of the yellow and black were fresh as daisies. Further, the Ramblers forwards proved too strong for the Imps' defenders. It must be conceded, however, that the Ramblers were lucky in their goal kicking, no less than seven of their major points being obtained from running shots. Taking the game throughout the Imps were palpably outclassed by their opponents. But with training, a strengtbing of their back men, and a little luck in kicking, the Red and Whites should take a b'g bite at the premiership bun before the season terminates. PBUTH Sunday Times wants to know why it is that when a member of Parliament goes a short journey into the country, perhaps to attend to the health of a favorite cow, or to scan the progress of a pet orchard, the fact should be carefully reported in the papers as if it were an event of national import. The same paper remarks that although Mr Pennefather, the Attorney- General and member for Greenough, has just returned from a trip to the Eastern colonies,, this gladsome incident was not eveu mentioned in ttie Perth dailies. Then our contemporary proceeds to shed some cynical tears on Mr Pennefather's behalf. ONCE a prisoner got out of one of our primitive goldfie'.d jails by burrowing under the wall of the sh.uity wherein he was confined. A newspaper correspojdent in relating the incident stated that the escapee got away by " borrowing " the wall of his prison. '• The curi/jus thing about the affair was that many people accepted the newspaper report seriously. Prisoners in this colony adopt such casual methods of getting out "of prison that nobody would t>e surprised to hear of a convict taking a touching farewell of his gaoler and then wandeting abstractedly out into the street through the front entrance of the gaol. What with escapes from, the Fremantle institution, the Subiaco. reformatory, and tbe Rottnest prison, scarcely a month goes by without the police having to make.frantic search fcr some customer who has sauntered into the outer world without leave. Beck and Riverlea are the latest to evaporate in this collected manner. They departed from Rottnest in a boat on Sunday evening, and they have not yet returned Possibly they do not intend to do so, for it is natural that they should despise the company of such unintelligent^ gaolers. Beck is a long sentence man, and is doing 15 syears for garroting. He held aloof from the society of his comuauions-in-durance for a brief period last year, but the police re- captured him. Riverlea is a 10-year sentence man. His was convicted of wounding . with intent at Cue last vear. THOSE who decide to patronise the entertainment in Convent Hall to-night may an- ticipate au unusual treat. A portion of the programme consists of a Lime Light Exhibition which will be given by Mr T. R. de Lucey whose repeated successes in this particular line are a guarantee that nothing will be wanting on his part to provide an instructive and interesting display. The views to be shown represent •• Irish Scenery" as well as local snapshots, and Mr de Lucey is making special efforts to more than please his audience. Besides the Limelight Exhibition, there will be a concert in which the Convent children, who have been prepared for the occasion by the Sisters, will take part. With Mr de Lucey's views and the juveniles' contribution, the entertainment should furnish a most enjoyable evening's amusement. The price of admission is moderate considering the programme. It has been decided to charge 3s. and 2s., and tickets for admission are oil sale in the town, and may be purchased at the door. MES. Ellen Grant, who was severely burned by the accidental upsetting of a kerosene lamp at her residence in Perth on Monday night, has since succumbed to her injuries. WE announced last week that Mrs McKay, the matron of the Victoria Hospital, had had been transferred to Cue. Tl\e resignation of Mrs McKay on Saturday last has upset this arrangement. Mrs McKay has "been couuecied with the Victoria Hosp'tal for the .past two years., and in li<-r capacity as matron she has mad-o many friend''. On the Murchison she will b>; remembered with kindly feelings by iroldfielders who have at one time or another been patients in the Geraldton institution. Mrs McKay's place at the hospital will, we understand, be taken by Miss Maeonacijie, who will act as nursematron. It is stated that the nursing staff as to be strengthened by an additional hand. MELBOURNE Punch in its last issue remarks —We do not hear much about the Murchison goldfields, W.A., the shares in the various companies neither being largely held nor dealt" in either in Adelaide or Melbourne ; but the golden returns for April show that from the district ll.710oz. were exported durino- last month, and our advices from a recent Tisitor to the field speak very hopefully of its future prospects. It has, so to speak, been almost, completely ovevshadowed by the great golden belt at Kalgoorlie ; but in a sure an! steady way .the Murchison is going ahead, and is likely to be a fair producer of the precious met.il for many years to come, WE have received from the West Australian ofFii-.b, Perth, a copy of the A.M.P. Society's fiftieth annual report for the year ended December 31st, 189S. This report is beautifnilv got up as befits the occasion—the jubilee of this enterprising Society. A mass of figures and letterpress is presented to show the progress made by the Society during its fifty years of existence. The story of the birth and growth of the A.M.P. is 'full of interest. Started in Sydney in 1848 by a few philanthropic gentlemen the infant society experienced many vicissitudes. Its first office was situated over a small grocer's shop in George-street. For this sumptuous sanctum a rental of £38 was at first asked but at the earnest request of the Society the figure was afterwards lowered to £20 At the end of its first year the business effected by the Society was :— Policies, 42 • amount assured, £9,800 ; annual premium income,* £349. If these figures are compared Avith those of 1898 the history of theSociety'a. advancement may be instantly apprehended. At the end of last year the Society's business was:—Policies, 142,728; amount assured,. £43,426,002; annual premium income* £1,420,667. The Society established its. West Australian branch in 1884 by thetransfer from South Australia to this colpny of 869 polieies assuring £263,850 . with an annual premium income of £9,062. " Therehave since been issued 4,410 pQlieies assuring £1,833,652 and producing an annual incomeof £56,559. A PROMINENT citizen of Albany. Mr W P" Eorster, has Written a long letter to the! West Australian upon the mail steamer question. Sir John Forrest at Geraldton; the other day denied that.he was a centralizer, but Mr Forster has no difficulty' in _ proving the Premier to be as fine a. specimen of the human octopus as it would be possible to find. For 25 years. Albany has been threatened with the loss^ of the mail steamer traffic, and Fremantle for a similar period hag been waiting with outstretched neck and bulging eyes to gobble up Albany's sustenance. Of : recent years Freman tie's hopes" of a ! gorge have risen high, for the Premier is constantly assuring it that h'e is going to sneak Albany's bone on a specified 'date,. Regularly the appointed day eome.s rotind and. still Albany retains the mail steamer traffic, because the accommodation at Fremantle is insufficient. Mr Eorster pertinently asks, why Albany is kept on tenterhooks in this fashion, and he wants the Premier to appoint a certain date whereupon, if Fremantle is not in a position to take the mail steamers, they should revert to Albany for good. The present suspense is paralysing the trade of the southern port. Mr Forster, who as editor of the Albany Advertiser, has been fighting Albany's battle for the last eleven years, knows something about/ mail steamers and harbor questions, and his emphatic assertion that the mail steamers wi'l never be able to enter at Fremantle, despite the lengthening of the north mole and the widening and deepening of the harbour, should cause Sir John Forrest to sit back and think strenuously. WHEN His Excellency -the Governor,, during his recent tour, arrived at Cue, there were no vehicles on hand to drive him round. Contrariwise when he reached Broad Arrow, the citizens were all ranged up to meet him, buggies galore beins; in attend ance. The Governor, however, refused to be driven ronnd the town or to partake of public hospitality as other arrangements had been made for his entertainment. Concerning this incident the Perth Daily Neius lets loose the following warble :— Broad Arrow determined to welcome his grace, And the mayor made fitting arrangements To meet him and show him all over the place, The mines, and the other arrangements. Said the mayor to Sir Gerard, " You'rewelcome this side, A lunch in your honor we gladly provide, And it's ready." Sir Gerard thus briefly replied, " I'm going to make other arrangements." , 