SECKETS OF LONG LIFE. IN the Windsor Magazine Mr. Fred M'Kenzie gives the views of many famous men and women on the secret «f long life. ' Tbe old superstition that members of the Koyal Family lead lives of luxurious ease is,' hesayB, ' now almost dead. But no one who knowB anything of the administration of the British Army could ever entertain tbe ghost of such a notion about His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. Civilians can hardly realise the way in which, aB Commander-in- Chief, he permeated the whole British Army with his spirit of thoroughness, his hatred of favouritism, his contempt for the 'feather-bed' soldier, whatever the rank of that feather-bed soldier might be. His greatest monument remains in the contrast between the British Army immediately after the Crimean War, and the army when he resigned as Commander-in-Chief in the autumn of 1895. To-day, though but a few months off 80 years old, His Royal Highness still takes a very active part in life as every newspaper reader knows. How has he kept his strength BO long ? Departing from the unwritten tradition which causes members of the Royal Family, as a rule, to refrain from taking part in symposia, his Royal Highness has honoured me with the following message, through his BOD, Colonel Fitz-GeoTge:— He ascribes hiB longevity to a good constitution," active life, and plenty of occupation and work. The Archbishop of Canterbury is practical and to the point. He says :— ' I do not find the burden of life heavy. I have observed no particular rule about food, &c.;, except not to eat or drink what I found disagree with me. I have little doubt that total abstinence from intoxicating liquors conduces longevity. I know' nothing for or againBt the use of tobacco, except that it is an annoyance to those who do not smoke, I cannot tell what has led to my having lived to nearly seventy seven. Not the least interesting is the ex perience of Lord Farrer, our ^>reat pol itical economist, who is now in his eightieth year. Writing from Abinger hall, he says.—' As one originally far from strong, who outlived many of his much stronger contemporaries, I do not hesitate to give you the following short and necessarily incomplete replies to your questions. Whether great length of years is desirable is a question on which I express no geneial opinion. It senna to me that the world grows kinder to one as one grows older. Tbe burden of life does not as iar aB I can judge, become increasingly heavy after the three score and ten to one who is willing to submit to the limitations which years bring with them, to relax effort and curtail indulgence in proportion to his diminishing strength and capacity, and to regard with satisfaction others doing what he is no longer fit to do. As regards your further questions I have been early and regular in my habits, but with no particular rules. Speaking generally, it seems to me that the conditions which promote the conditions which promote the continuance of h§alth and strength are : plenty and "variety of sound occupations and interests, persued with keenness, but not in excess ; moderation not abstinence in eating and drinking, in energy and en joyment, in work and play. I may add without trespassing on deeper matters which this is not the place to speak, that absence of and kindly attitude towards others are influental factors in preserving health of mind and body.' 