SPRAY PAINTING, THE LIGHTNING MACHINE. IS IT UNHEALTHY ? ' A RESPIRATOR REQUIRED. "HERALD" MAN'S EXPERI KXCK. HE TRIES A BIT OF PAINTING. Tlfo NplitninK pJintfi' is worthy Its iiiiiin. It Is (iiicki'i' Hum :i liulitlay weak in elilltllKjod, uml. if memory Hubs mm, thai is quicker than must iblims. Rut iitilik)' thu holiday week, the liyhtnliis iminlor is not wcb-miicd by nil. h is Colm; tu iiinUc tt sorbins illrtVicucc t.» llm jmjmin iniilc, uml Ihusc of our render Who ImVP fullowml the eunesjJUIldellee which has tqiisated In otir (Miliums c-m- coriiitiK It will have seen lhat ihc llr: note of tllssatlsfaetlou and protest has been sounded in tin Inierots of the ojh- nitlvcs whose livelihood Is now threaten- «!. The qncstlon raised by our cor- , respontlenls is tho frravoone which has hccii ilehalL'tl hllierly In utir history, hack at least to the days of the introduction of machinery In lhc euUoii mills of England. But always, whutcvor the merits of the arguments a«alnsl the introduetlon of improved machinery, the answer s the same. Tlie world wnss Its old, wise head, pities the unfortunate breadwinner who Ih thrown out of work, nud— accepts the Invention. Deslrlnjf to learn for ourselves the me rits and demerits of the lluhtnlag painter, a mcmfier of our MtafT sought permission frouiuMr Wootlroffe, Chief Mechanical Engineer of the Railway Department, lo visit thu Nuwjmrt workshops and InspiTt t.he painlora there. 'J'lie permission was readily granted, an order tiirowlug .thu whole establishment open to our. repre sentative was given, and Mr. WoodroiTu said, "You will see now for yourself whe ther or not your eorrespomleuts Im.ve done ns justice. But let me add that they have made several statements wlileh are Incorrect. They say that the lightning isiluter lias been done away with In Aiue- rlctnt shops, and that It Is no longer used lu Sydney. Roth those statements are In error- A prominent otllcer of the New South Wales railway service, who has just returned from an oliiclnl visit to America telegraphs me, T saw Ihc light ning painter al work lu at least thirty shops. It Is still working here (Sydney) mid Is giving us no trouble.' " "Again (Mr Woodrofle continued), It Is quite false llml any hoys have been dis charged for declining lo work the ma chine. Home lioj's have been given a 'few days enforced holiday for. breach of discipline, but none have been discharg ed. nor are likely lo lie." The painter Is worked by compressed air. and Iri action Is us much like u gar den hose as can he. . The paint Is con tained In a eyctluder. and Is forced from there through a rubber hose by the com pressed uir, A lap turns R ou or off tit will. To proiwrly appreciate the work ing of It, you have but to lake your gar den hose, put the rose, spray ou it. and then play water upon the house wall. Tlm action In each case Is the same. A child mm work the machine, and a lad with iiuy common-sense a houl him could, with a few days' practice, paint in one day n" surface which a skilled painter hi the old style would take a week to do. At New- port there art1 three of (he machines, two of liiem being used for painting trucks, etc,, and the third (at the time or our vlsil) for iialutlng louvres — the dainty little shutters which are titled to the windows of Jlrst-elass carriages. The carriages are painted lu big open sheds, nnd the louvres In a room. The latter Is not an Ideal place for the bnslnesH. An open shed would lie preferable. Tito- principal operator of Hie machine Is n typical painter— small, wiry, pule of face. He has l>een working it fur twelve months, rejoices that it has raised his wages In 8s' (Id a day, ami has removed him from llm disagreahle tasks of a pain ter's laborer. In answer to our questions, he said, "I linvo not the slightest objec tion to working the machine. It i has Uever'nflfGctc'd me 111 any 'way: rind my health was never heller than it has been since 1 have been engaged with the spray." This man was hos ing while paint on to louvre pro duce ears, was giving u finish- like enamel, and getting through at the rate of nine trucks a day. whereas, under thi! old style, he could not have done mure tlmii one. Such trucks formerly cost 121s lo Has each to (mint; now lliej itnst Us. The second operator, similarly engaged, was training a Imy. Neither of them objected to the work. The i hint, who was engaged on the louvre shutters, expressed himself quite satisfied, imlrml, lie had eagerly sought the Job, and con sidered himself lucky In having obtained it; While the evidence of eyesight did not discover »my -very falat objection to thu system, and the men engaged wen un complaining, our representative was not satisfied 111! ho had actually placed him self In Ihi! position of an opera lor. Don ning the long smock which envelopes ihu men from head lo fool, he plaecd upon his nose and mouth a respirator which llm operators use, ami thus equipped com- umuced lo paint. Wearing a respirator Is nut couiforitihle (ill you get used to It, and there .Is a feeling of close stuflhiess uIniiiI breathing through n sponge, but iiparl from Unit feeling, which would wear off. doubtless, In lime, our repre sentative felt no III rilTootH from tlm opera tion, ami was, indeed, less Incommoded by tho lialnt than when 1m exercised his prentice hand with ordinary iriiiut on ihu InRlee work of his conscnatorv. Whether hu would have suffered ut all had hu continued hosing all day he is nut pvejuired lo say. He did so well al hU first try tlmt Mr Marshall, the foreman of the jKihileis. oflVrcd hlm a Job right iiway. lie declined, however, preferring printer's Ink to Grosvennr paint. The conditions In which the work H done ure certainly wholly artlllchil, and cannot he sahMo Im agreeable, aiid'ihu' fact tlmt a smock has tu he worn to catch the flying palm and a respirator to keep 11 out of the lungs seems to In dicate tlmt at least the authorities aru apprehensive of possible danger. Tliu respirator is a good one of Its kind, and Is made of line silk, hut a man must hrealhu —he must lmve air— and where (he all' goes so also will some of tho prilul. Even with the respirator ou ami but a short experience of the machine, our reporter found an hour or so later Unit his hand kerchief was stained with the vcllow from the Grosvcuur t'-'m which had passed through llie resj tor to the uos- trils. Mr Smith, the deputy-niauager of. the workshop, wim courteously showed una representative round, put the depart- incurs ease for Urn retention of (hu | lightning imiutcr thus: "Tin lightning i ftaimor is quick ami cheap, and to the best of our boiler Is not injurious. Despite wlint lias been said lo the contrary we | have not bad one single case of Illness arising from Its use, and, as you have seen, the best of our opetutois.lhough not a strong man. has worked It for twelve months without experiencing any ill effects. We iifto three paints. Bon Accord (widte), Oxide (red), and Grnsvcmir (vol- low); ami tlm Government analyst has pronounced them all to he non-injurious, We have discharged no men or bays, but we have found room for those who have beeir displaced by giving them emplav- meal at a better class 'of work. The work may not be altogether tigreeahle-uo palming is— hut we do not cmtsidcrlt un healthy, nor do we deem It sutlU-lenily dlsagreelmle to warrant us dispensing with the machine."' Then our representative left (he light ning workers, who flitted round like since ghosts, hnd he pondered mi the Industrial problem presented In (his little fact— A sklll.d tradesman working In old wav witli a brush could paint eight louvre'd shutters in a day. Now a smart machine hand can palm tlm same number of lotivrod shutters In less thaii four minutes. 