10YED FOE HER ;.[? SELP ALONE. ? ? v ' ', — ; ? }?:.? BY K. MACDONALD. Authov of 1-A Modern Maid,' 'Next of Kin,' 'Una's Knight,'- otc. tiTTAPTRR VTT.— Continued. Although he had pttnehod little im portance 'to Grnco Lindsny'o words at ' the time, Bupevt found them vec-ur to nia miud with strange persistency. Of course she hnd been deluded by a passing likeness1, still, he told ? himself thtrt it would be better to see Daisy's ghost than never to see . her sweet fnco nt all a«ain. And when Blanche's weddin? was really put o2 by Lord Strathmadon's death, Kuo re minded himself that be had long in tended to make a cycling tour in France ', and, winter as it was, without breathing a word of 'his real motive, he deoided to carry out this plan now. : A few days 'later he creased to St. Malo and began his travels. The wea ther was unusually warm for the time ? of year, and l.onj?, sunshiny mornings fiarried him on from place to place over : the white, undulating roads, of Brit : tanyj hut anxiously' as ho looked around him, and inquired as» woll as ho was able, especially in tho towns where English faces abound, the one ho Bcuyht never met his eyea. Of course ho had come on a wild-goose chase. He had known that all along. And. yet — aud yet I\i3 disappointment showed him that hg hud hoped against reason. One evening, when a deluge of rain had stopped his journey, he aat studying a guide-hook in a rather cheerless hotel parlor j and, for want of other litera ture, road on' beyond the routo he had marked out for himself, till he came to ',tho- description of 'tho quaint old town of Dorsvillerfi, whose picturesque ram parts had resisted many a siege in days oT yore.' Hupert sprang to his feet. Ram* parts, fortifications! Might they not mean the same thing 1 There were plenty of towns to which Grace's mea gre description would apply ; but, aiter all, every clue was worth following, and finding' that Porsvillera waa a two liours' railway journey from hia present quarters, the young man decided to leave Ins cycle behind and proceed thdro the next day. He Implied at his ( own Impatience as tho slow French train crawled along, until at last the niasflive 'gronito, walls eurrounding his destina tion camo into view j but when ho hur ried through its narrow, ill-paved itroota, which wero anything but plea ' Bftntly odoroufi, hiw search was still with out result. And presently a steady drilling rain put an end t*o it for the day'. As far as he could l«arn, no Eng lish lady such as he described* lived in Dorsvillers ; but then tho Frenoh in which his inquiries were couched was as limited ns his listener's English. 'I am an 'ass!' Rupert told himself, ; as ho walked round the fine oM church. ? 4-I shfttt givo it \v,i and go homa to morrow, livon if Daisy had boon here in October, it does not follow she would te here still.' Ho'.slopt tho night at a primitive inn, and, tlie morning being bright and diear, strolled out on to the ramparts ; ,1111 it uhould bo time for him to catch '?' hia train. This was the favorite pvo '; iiienft\le of tho place — a. broad road, ?with seats in ' the deep embrasures 'which onco had held cannon — nnd whence there was an extensive view of the vast green plain of Franco, inter cected by silvery winding rivers, glit tering now 'in the sun. Rupert felt tho oharin oJ tho peaceful landscape. He hnd '''come to his senses,' hnd decided to think no more of tha chimera which had 1 been tormenting .him. Some 'children l: and white-capped lirmnci were playing .about., chattering French much faster than he coulijl uiulorstand, and whiioliR . toning to (hem ho I'oi'goMhe time, till the town clock ehimetl eleven, remind ing him that he had only live minutes 1 in which to roach the station. As he cluttered, down the 'stone steps: leading back to tho town, scarcely looking where he went, -he came in con tact with a ludy coming from the op pom to (Hreetlon1 ; and, stammering a ) v hasty 'Pardon1.,' wus about to hurry on, 'when a little cry broke from her lips nnd made him turn and look at her, 'Daisy!' He stood, half incredulous ©till gazing at ithc face before him, with its frame oil, bright brqwn hnir, showing under a shabby little black hat. 'It is really jouj'. 'Really me,' sho repeated. 'Oh, how foolish it was of me to speak'! You would not have recognised me elsol' . 'And why should I not havo recognis ed you?' ho demanded, gazing hungrily ut her thin,, pale oheeku. 'Daisy, why have you played this trick upon us?' 'Don't bo angry, dear,' She laid her hand genjly on his arm. '1 have acted for the beat, as I will shaw you pre sently. Hut first of all tell me — are you alone i' And, aa ho answered in the affirmative; 'Then you must pro mho me never to tell anyone that you havo seen me here.' 'I will promiao nothing of the kind !' her cousin said stoutly. 'Certainly not until I know what has caused you to de ceive ua all in this extraordinary man ner!' 'You shall know that,' she said sadly —'as far, at least'— with a sigh— 'as I can tell you j but let us find a seat. The hot sun, and perhaps tho surprise of see' ing you, have tired me'.' Daisy, indeed, looked far from strong. Her pretty color had faded, thore were dark circles round her eyes. And yet in Rupert's eyes she waa lovelier than ever as ho listened impatiently to her recital. 'You see,' &-he began, 'I did not fall nearly so far as \\\m probably thought. A little ledge of rook saved me, and I .managed to scramble from it round the side of the mountain, every moment Minuting tnat l must aiiao clown again. It was a horrible sensation.' ' She shuddered. 'Well, at last I came to a littlo chalet, A lady and some children were in the garden before it, and I ask ed :f 1 might rest a little. I had made up my mind by that time not to go bads to Innsberg.' 'But why?' 'I am coming to that. I was dread fully giddy and faint, and the lady, who was French, was vory kind to me. When 1 was bettei* eho told m» that she was in groat distress herself. She had rented the chalet for the summer be cause one of the children was very deli cate, and had been ordered mountain air, and they were to return to France next day. At the last moment tho Swiss bonne whom she had engnged had decline^ to accompany her, and she did not want to undertake the journey alone, the little girl requiring constant atten tion. After a long while I persuaded her to take me instead, and, disguiseu as a bonne, I travelled here with them j I suppo-v' — with a glint of her old ainile — 'people were searching for my mangled form elsewhere.' 'And you thought nolhing of their anxiety!' Rupert cried reproachfully. 'Daisy, if you only knew what I have ?suffered !' i nave suueren too, sue saia gently, ?'Do you think it- hns cost me nothing to cut myself' 'oil! from all my friends? But, . indeed, I could do nothing else.' And in a few words she explained that only by tlijjS. means hud it seemed possible to givo the fortuno back to her uncle's family, 'All Blanoho's happiness was at stake,' she said, 'and I knew that uncle felt with her that I had defrauded him. And now toll mo' — and tho rich color rose for the first time over her face — 'has it come right i ArG.Bhuu'ho nnd — and Lord Strathearn married yet?' ' 'And are they good to you, these people?' Rupert asked, whenhe had told her everything about the family, and ex-. TvMillioM In q r*wn nvocATiAft in 1 invcnrMiana 'They do not treat you as a servant, I hope?' 'Oh, no ; madame is very kind to me. I will take you to see her when we have found Tlioro.se and Henri. They are playing on the ramparts. And so Grace Lindsay did recognise me. I, was half afraid she had. But you will keep my secret, Rue, will you rot?' 'I cannot promise you that,' he re joined gravely. 'It does not seem to me that good oan possibly come of such concealment of the truth. For myself, I will never touch another farthing of that hateful money, After all, I have my profession. I always intended to take it up again. I will never consent to seo.ymt beggared for our sakos, Daisy.'' 'It ia only till I am twenty-one,' she pleaded. -'Then I shall bo able to make a deed of gift of the monoy, keeping, perhaps, a small income for myself. Oh, Una, don't spoil the pleasure I have had in seeing you by making difficulties. ?If I could tell you quite . everything'— she shivered a little — 'you would see that I am right,' 'Then why not tell me 'qui'to every thing' ?' he cried. 'Daisy, have done with all those wretched mysteries!' 'I have told you all that I shall over «ay to anyone,' Bhe said erayely, 'the rest is a secret which may never pass my lips. Ah!' — in a lighter tone — 'here are tho ohildren' — as a dark-eyed boy and girl ran joyously to meet their 'Marguerite.' 'It js timo for dejeuner ; wo must go home.' , Monsiour and Madame G-randot re ceived Rupert 'cordiailly, making him welcome to the meal, whoso meagre dishes, however, seemed to him to ac coinvt for Dais/& altered appearance, The family appeared very fond of the latter, from whom they had. learnt enough English to converse with the? visitor, whoso French hia cousin mer rily derided. But she found the former no longer tho good- natured lad whom she had been able to turn at her s\veet will. His character had developed, and it proved impossible to extract more than a temporary promise from him. i 'I shall go back for my cycle,' he tvaid. ' 'and take a day or two to think it over ; but I do not think I can do as you wish. Daisy' — looking earnestly into the girl's dark eyes — 'tell me, you were a little glad to see mo, dear?' 'More than a little,' she answered softly. 'So glad that I can scarcely say to you what a joy it has -been. I havo been so lonely, and you were al ways a vory dear brother to me.' ? ? He turned away impatiently. 'Well, good-.bye for the present, and take care of yourself. This doe;* not smell like a very healthy plnoe.' Daisy turned slowly awt\y from the Jtation, her stops lagging a little j eaem1 one seemed an effort,' *The damp, muggy weather was trying,' perhapfe. It was not a very luxurious bedroom she occupied as Madame Grandet's nursery- governess. When she got back to it she closed tHe door, and, kneeling by the bedside, so'bbed as if her heart would break. Rupert's return to Doi^villors was un expeotedly delayed. A very steep hill led out of Narvais, where he hnd'Mt his belongings. The road was s^ill far too 'greasy' for oyoling, and, in reck lessly coasting down it, his machine skidded just in front of a cart, which was rattling down behind hiva. The ejele was badly damaged, so was its rider. Both were driven back to the town, where it was found that the young Englishman's injuries would keep him in bed for some time. At the .end of a week he was able to write to Daisy j but his hope that ahe might come to soe him was not realised, and hia letter re mained unanswered, ' ; 'Rupert's impatience did not holp him to get well j but as soon as he was .al lowed to get up he insisted on setting pff for Dornviilera, feoling very, wrath ?ful and hurt by Daisy's silence, an3 sternly resolved not to yield to her de sire for further concealment of the truth. ? The old town seemed moro asleep than ever, its evil scents more apparent, as he made his way, as fast as his weakened strength permitted, , to tho Grandet's house. The street had a silent, de serted air, the Venetian shutters of many windows being closed, although the day was sultry and sunless. Ru pert's knock was so long unanswered that he began to fear .that Daisy had' flown again in order to elude him, and ho repeated his summons impatiently. This time the door was unclosed a lit tle way by a woman in the grey go',vn and white headgear of a 'soeur de charite,' whoso answers to his eager in quiries it took him a fewr minutes to understand. A fever had broken out in the quartier. ' M. and Madame jrandet, with servants and children, had fled. The English demoiselle alone was here, and 'Very, very ill.' : ; 'And they 'have left her here by her self, the cowards!' Rupert cried indig nantly, \\- The Frenchwoman shrugged her shoulders, 'What would you ? The fever is' of the most infectious. ' Mqn sieur must not think of entering.' \- But monsieur was resolute, planting his foot within the door before it could be shut in his face. zVnd when she' heard that he was a near relative of the sick girl, and 'a f'medicin' into the baiv p.iri, the nurse consented to admit him to the bare-looking room where his cou sin lay, her brown hair cropped round her head, her great eyes glittoring,.her burning lins babbling1 ceaselessly. .7 (To be continued). 