CHRIST'S ESTIMATE OF FAITH. By ALEX. R. MACEWEN, D.D. Jesus sgitli unto him, Thomas, because thou hast seen Me, thou hast believed; blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed. — John xx., 29. There is only one true faith; there is only one God and Father; there is only one Saviour; there is only one Holy Ghost, and these three are one; but there is a great variety in the ways of reading- faith. There is a great difference in the hold which it takes on different minds. We must not confuse those two, the ob ject and the method of faith. We must not imagine that because Christ is al ways the same, all men reach Him by the same road, or stand in the same relation to Him- Now, since faith is the most important part and force in life, the part and force which bind us to God, every thing about Faith is of consequence, and it is of special value to learn, as this verse enables us to do, Christ's estimate of different kinds of faith. We see here what He who spent His life in seeking to awriken faith; who died a shameful death in order to give faith firm ground, thought when His work was almost finished of different kinds of faith. In this verse He recognises and compares two ways in which men come to believe. He compares those who believe because they have seen with those who have not seen and yet have believed. Of the one we have a very plSTn example in the Apostle Thomas; of the other, although no example is quoted, the meaning is quite clear. We shall learn, with God's blessing, some good lessons if we look at them in turn, noticing what Christ thought of each of them. Those who, like Thomas, believe be cause they have seen. The behavior ol Thomas, being fully described, requires little explanation. For some unknown cause he had been absent when Christ first appeared to the disciples after the resurrection: They reported to him that :Jesus had shown' 'them His hands, and said He breathed upon them, and had given them the Hols' Ghost. The wo- wen, too, described their adventures at the sepulchre. Thomas discredited these tales as the 'fond fancies of excited brains. He must see with his own eyes; he must use his own hands and lingers, otherwise he would not believe. After the lapse of a week, during which Tho mas remained in doubt, Jesus appeared again, and offered Thomas the very evi dence he had specified. " Reach hither thy finger,"' He said, "and behold My hands, and reach hither thy hand and thrust it into My side." It is not said that Thomas took advantage of the of fer, and most of us would prefer to think that he was ashamed to lay hand on that eternal body. But in any case he was convinced. The proof which he de manded was before him, within his reach for use. He was not only satis- lied, but received a new impulse in devotion, and cried out with a swelling heart, "My Lord and my God." He had seen, and therefore he believed. No doubt there is something attrac tive in the eagerness of Thomas, and some beauty in the gush of feeling with which he confesses the truth, yet Jesus received his warm profession very cold ly, and actually reproved him. "Be not faithless," He said, "but believing." By his dogmatism he had strayed to the verge of unbelief, and he had escaped only by renewing the humiliation of his Master, Forced into faith by his own principles, he was bound to believe, therefore Jesus reminds him that the road by which he had come was a plain road, not to he compared for hardness with another. Because he had seen he had believed. What else could he have done? Jesus had left no room for un belief, THE DEMAND FOR DEMONSTRA TION. Now that is a very common mode of thought regarding the supernaturaland spiritual. Perhaps it is the most com mon, for the human mind in its ordinary and natural development calls for evi dence. . Some seek for proof that comes through the senses; others lor proof through argument and reason. No guilt can be attached to those who take such an attitude, although it brings danger. We cannot reckon people as sinners be cause they will not accept a fact or a doctrine until they are convinced that it is true. Indeed, most Christians pass through such a stage. When the facul ties are shooting, and we have perfect confidence in ourselves, we think that we are entitled to have everything explained to us logi cally. We imagine that no one ever saw such difficulties as we see. We | wonder that older people,- although they , cannot convince us, are so firm and sim ple in their faith. We cannot think of taking others' opinions or the opinions of the Church as pur rules, or, indeed, I of bending to any authority except oui own convictions. This is the attitude 01 Thomas when he declared that he would not believe unless the truth were proved to him in the very way he had prescrib ed. In his case Jesus met the demand, .hut He does not always do so. Although the Bible, and conscience, and our ex perience supply evidences that ought to convince us, God does>not often allow men to dictate to Him the kind of proof He must give. There are Thomases who pass into the darkness of. complete unbelief because they make a claim upon the Creator which ereatures have no right to do. If we were asked to single out the reason why Thomas was so gen erously treated; we might saj-, I think that it lay in his earnestness and cou rage. Unbeliever that he was, he had stayed with the disciples at the risk of life. He did not give up hope because the faith of others seemed to him to be unreasonable. His own heart was wrong, but he remained on the right side. Now this is a plain lesson which your.g men and women especially require. Doubts creep into their souls, and so possess them that it seems almost dis honest to believe. Well, when the mind and heart contradict one another, take the brave side, the side where courage will be needed. God is always gracious to a man who, in spite of doubt and risk, will stay in' the company where Christ is accustomed to reveal himself. THE EAST BELIEVERS. But; passing from this, I rather wish you to notice the condition of those who have' received such proof, and who art- free from any doubt about the evidences of religion. A great many people un derstand everything quite plainly. Thoy know how Jesus died for them as wojl as if they saw Him hanging on the cross. The justice of God demands their death; Jesus was appointed to pay the penalty; His sacrifice was accepted, and thry are saved. Their inward history might lie exhausted by piecing together some eight or ten lines. of some evangelistic hymns. Ail. is as clear as daylight to them. When they reflect that the risen Saviour is iileading their cause with God, they know that they have no cause for doubt. They are entirely thankful, and they can say with complete honesty and simplicity that He is their Lord and their God. So in regard to the wiser ways of God. They quite understand that He-made the world as a builder makes a house. If they are not quite sure about the six days of creation the argument from design is quite sufficient to convince them; or they make themselves easy by the notion that a day does not mean a day, but a great many thousand years. if they see cattle eating grass, they think that they have a wonderful proof of God's fatherly care for oxen. The condition of oxen in winter, the severity of the weather, and its effect upon their condi tion, does not cause them any difficulty. In their own case they can trace God's care quite easily. They have had 110 great troubles since they were converted If they have suffered sometimes, tliey knew they were being punished. They see God's hand so clearly everywhere that it would be wicked of them to dis trust Him. Ol', take this particular fact, which Thomas doubted at first, that Jesus rose from the dead. Although, they have not actually seen Him, the proof is as distinct to them as if it came by sight. They have read in one gospel that He was seen by so many men; in another, that He was seen by so m any more ; in the Acts, that others saw Him and in the Epistles, that Paul saw Him. Is not all quite clear? The Bible is in spired, and the Bible records these facts. Where is the difiicuity? They see these things distinctly, and therefore they be lieve them. I do not mean to speak slightingly of such people, for they have reached the truth. The Christian Church is full of men and women who are well assured of their own salvation, and are honestly amazed to hear the doubts which others express. " Only let us not forget that their faith is the faith of Thomas. It has no venture in it — no uncertainly, it triumphs because God is kind and con descending, giving matter-of-fact people the sort of proof that will convince them and dealing with them in the way that suits them. The homage and obedience which they proffer He receives as His right, for. He is in truth their Lord and their God. But, even in accepting the tribute which Thomas paid, Jesus spoke to. him of another land of faith 01, a-ather, as I have said, of another road to faith. "Blessed are they that hate not seen, and yet have believed. (To be continued.) An English clergyman spent a holi day in one of the towns of New England, visiting an American colleague. One day, while the host was absent from home, a young negro couple called to be married. Impromptu marriages, without notice or banns, had not pre viously entered into, the experience of the English clergyman, but being of a big heart he undertook' tlie duty. V hen the knot was successfully tied, he no ticed the couple looked at each other not a little sheepishly, the young woman having expectancy shining from ier eyes,' even indeed from her thick ruddy lips. "Will you not salute your bnde . asked the clergyman of the groom. - Will, sah, but-aftah yo'self, sah. ' . A telegram from Adelaide tells us that I Chief Justice Way has received a mark of the Royal favor, he having been tjyeu a baromjtcy. Well and worthily has the learned Chief Justice earned the. dlB tinction. . 