^VEODllBS^^ :'' It tin't ». Wry pleesunt irtory,1' *ild -*e^ indloeaitS* I*mg P*-*, f ' bar 1 )ike to te)J Itipmetime* jurt to remind mjraelf th«t the irargt thing's man san Lave in this world it a hot, obttinate tamper. . ' 'Vootee, J oame to this ooatteoen after the gold f erei broke out and settled down in the : BanlaBatbara nlley, below here. raucMng, U. was a widower even tLeo.aod bad brought with me from tbe $tatra my only child, a daughter p»stl7. She watapreltygirl, if ldosnyit, and being a»jfOod*»prHtj'joDoaD imsglnt 1 was'quiVe wrapped up in her. Of cburte. I was atiiriott»tok«jpb«with«oe, undif notthatat leastlloDked.for her to do ?amething better th»B fallin love with a pkalw.' .: * ^ .?!v-AM'aft'jisii*'-'-;\:.':-'4*'--;--'. ^*- ?:.'?;?: was fall of young fellows . who , had ?Uwik. out for themselves sna were trying to get* start by etrryingicnickkBai^e .round frooiona oiloinit lamp to anotber, : Some o- ibem weje lively cbaps ™ough »ud wetleduoated,bot I was fraab from «» Slates, with all the eutern prejudicee, and it almwt drove me wild when Nellie told me the wauled to marry a young fellow who brought bis pack through : our district - good deil of ten er than the ti ado seemeii to require.' I was a hot tampered fool in tbdie days, so I jatormed. threatened, locked Nellie up for' ? we*k*Bd tent word to her lover that I had loaded raj can for wild atts Ma peddlers.' ' . * 'WhatdidNBlle doP' '? Too mlRht have guested it. One day whan [ came back from a cattle sale sbe was (nitnng. i ohased her a ccupln of days, bDt they bad taken to the woods, and it w*« of no use. After awhile I got a letter from Frisco, and 1 wrote back saying that 1 bad disownea her, and that he bad better keep out of the taoge ot my rifle.' ' What did yon do then P' ' Suffered, mitter, just suffered. I knew I was wrong, bnt I'd bave died rather thaa give in. For five yean I lived like a toad in a rock, hating tbe whole world. All tbe pleasure I had was in watching for peddlers. The number I (?hued off the raneh during that tiate would tstonish you. ' One evening after a terrible rainstorm a peddler came to my house and atked for a shelter for tbe night He.waa athin, weak looking fellow, with bis fsee covered with a l.uge, raggrd beard. He earned m hit back sui enormously long and Leavy pack end seemed so i xbautted with his tramp thronfh the mire that I badu'ttbe heart te do men than order him off the place.' ' That was pretty hard,*7 said the listener. ' I suppose it was. The pi (idler seemed ell broke up when he found I wouldn't even give him a bunch of sttaw in the stable, and no. olher bouse within twelve miles. Instead of coitplaining, however, he merely beggid thai I would let him leave bis pack, which he said contained goods of value, under shelter from the rain. I finally coosentea to this. So, as 1 bad sworn none of his trade shoultl ever cros* iny threshold, I carried bis pack insije, wb'li its owner limped off to crawl under gome bus' or other.'. ' Didn't you feel mean t' ' Y-8. mean and bitter at the same timi\ for something about the man i ^minded me of NeUit's husband a little. However, I locked and barred all the doors and windows as usual, lor some road ageats had been trouitd those parts about tbat time and had stopped and robbed reveral ranchers, and, as 1 told yen, I »as all alone. Somehow I omldn't go to sleep when after that I went to bed. After tossing around for awhile I got up and sat by tbe fire, broojiDj; over my trouble and trying n&t; to think xif tbe poor chap shivering out there in the culd and ruin somewhere. I looked at his pack, sitting up in tbe room aod wondend what made it so long. . ' At I watched it, I fancied t saw it move.' ' BzacUy. 1 wouldn't believe my own eyi-i at firtt, but after watching intently fur awhile 1 distinctly aaw the front of a hand pressed against the canvas from the inside. Like a flush then I understood tbe whole thing. The pedd ler was one of the road agents' gang, and, knowing'! bad considerable money about the house, they had Adopted that plan for smug gling one of their crew inside the house. After I bad gone to sleep tbe fellow inside eould let in the rest and finish the job. I walked quietly aoross the room, took my gun from the autJen, knelt dcwD a few fret from the pack, aimed square in tbe centre and palled tbe trigger.' ' ' Ob on,' murmured the listener, with a shudder. - ' But 4 be gun didn't go off,' continued tbo landlord, clearing his throat. ''The nipple was rusty and wouldn't work, so I laid down the rifly and got an aw from the kitchen, ft had been newly ground that day, and wben I lifted it over my head 1 counted open cli«ving that peek, robber and all/clear to the ground. Juut as I raised tbe ax and braced mywlf for tbe blow.J.sawagbott.' ' . ' A ghost r ' 'Yes.air. Tbe pack opened, and 1 saw stick ing out of its top tbe curly yellow Lair of my Nellie when sbe was a little tot ol 4. Tbe shock Btiggend me so that 1 sank on my knees. I wiped my 'eyes and wondered if I bad not goce or-Ky. I was. almost ocrtaio of it when the ghost stretched out a pair of chubby white arms and said : ' ' How do, grandpa t '' » ' Ab,' said tbe guest, with a relieved sigli, ' I be^in to see. Aud what did you do tiu-n P ' '1 don't exactly know,' «aid the laudlord, softly, ' but if there is anything tbtt will bend a stiff, stubborn neck quicker than tbe arms ol a little child, I'd like to know what it is. I put the lired little prisoner do«°n by the fire, opened tbe door-and held out my arms ' ' And the mother ? ' ' Yes,' nodded the landlord. 'They win both there, and, mister, I guest that's the end of u y story.' And the old man wiped his eyes. ' You must excuse me-butthat was a wet even ing, and somehow I haven't get quite diy since.'' . 