(Sttrtfrag limbing. , THE STRENGTH OF THE HILLS. :_.-. (By Rev. 'TOaltef A. ATniwll.V 'The strength of the hills is Ills also.'— -Psalai «v., 4. It has always been a favorite and charac teristic thought in poetry- that nature is one of the various manifestations of God; and nowhere do we find that thought ex pressed with greafter— -emphasis or fre« quency and in sweeter music than in the poetry of the Bible. The religious mind has hastened to give to nature a religious signincance, and has round m Vhe beauty of the eartib and the glory of the skies a perennial source of inspiration. In the quiet resting-places of nature — her great solitudes, her solemn silences, her scenes of peace end' grandeur— man has found a medicine for 'his body and a balm for his jnind; and from her garment's hem there has flowed such healing power, that man lias believed it to be the vestiture of God. Although the strain of natural poetry is not So strong in modern as in ancient days, yet the annual exodus from town to .country, from the crowded city to the breezy coast, ia evidence of the fact that we still appreciate the resft and stimu lus ifliat nature gives; and here and there, perhaps we majt-jret find some who, like Moses, will turn aside to see some great eight— and who obtain a hint of God in the colors of a sunset, or hear ttie sound of Has going in the -wind, or read His kind ness m the gift of flowers. Each man mustptwhaithecanout of tlie landscape. We ehaOl have spent a poor holiday if we fcave brought home no more than the bronze upon our faces, or even a sheaf of nappy memories to gladden the harvest of the quiet eye— that inward eye which is the bliss of solitude. The sound of the sea, tne waving woods, the lonelv locli the strength of the hills, have done little us if they have only put new vigor into our bodies and have not toucLed our mindB to nner issues, or awakened a new music in our hearts, or purified and quickened our imaginations, or afforded at least a gleam, a hint, a suggestion of the divine If we are none the better inwardly, then the summer has but served to make us ?healthier animals; the pageant of the vear ?has left us poorer men if it has not taught us that the heavens still declare the glory of God, or the yet deeper wisdom that the father knows and cares even for the falling of a sparrow. From » em'onfi'ftn point of view the universe is great, but from a religious point of view it is infi nitely greater. May not the two prove eventually to be almost one? May not theology, properly interpreted and under stood, be the all-inclusive science? A man may think he has found his heaven in physical facts, and that nothing short of optical demonstration should satisfy a rational being, but his is a limited sort of paradise, and somewhat cold withal; and it may be that insight will know more than eyesight, and that the despised poet and the stoned prophet hold the true key of the universe in their hands. Let us not, there fore, be ashamed to gather around a man ?who tells us that the deep places of the earth are in the hands of God and the strength of the hills is His also. THE MEN OF THE HILLS There is something abou the hill-country which seems to make for strength of char acter. The men who live in the heart trf ?the hills often hare a breadth, a sturdi ness, a vigor, a solidity about them which 5? VT^E' *° those who dwell in cities. And m spite of a rough exterior they have an innate refinement which sets them in the company of nature's noblemen. En vironment has its part to play in the his tory of mankind. Beautiful surroundings do not necessarily make beautiful charac ters, but those whose lot is cast amid such surroundings certainly have something in their favor. The men of old time were justly proud of the mountains which wero round about Jerusalem, and they sang of them with full hearts, and immortalised ?them in many a noble psalm. The moun taans played a prominent part in their national history. Hermon, Nebo, Leba non. Olivet— each of them is associated with some famous scene, 6ome memor able event, and it is no wonder that these famous hills were regarded with a religious awe, and were celebrated in national song, and became dear' to the heart of every patriot. I envy the men who live among the hills. The county of Cambridgeshire is so flat that it is said that if you stand upon a brick you can see over the whole county. Who co\M write a psalm about a country like that? There is something infinitely more sug gestive in the strength of the hills. I think I could get a nobler religion out of the hills than out of the plain. Let us look at the hills for a moment in their religious suggestiveness. 'The strength of the hills is His also.' The characteristics of the things made are characteristic of their Maker. What therefore I find sug cestive in the hills I find suggestive of God. What is the strength of the hills? It is not mere bulk, size, hugeness of form, massiveness of outline. Strength is not one characteristic; it is a combination of characteristics. Strength is a harmony of various elements. As I wandered among the hills during the last few weeks this text kept constantly recurring in my mind, and I asked myself in what does the strength of the hills consist? There are at least four elements which may prove re ligiously suggestive and helpful. The first of these is Beauty. THE BEAUTY OF THE HUjLS. Who can fail to be moved by Hie beauty of the hills? To see their green slopes speckled with sheep; the grev crag peep ing out here and there like a hoary battle ment; the purple heather, making a feast of color; the huge boulder, poised upon some dizzy eminence, seeming to threaten destruction to the ventnresome climber: the cloud-shadows passing like swift and silent ghosts along the frowning steeps; is not all this an impressive exhibition in the picture-gallery of nature, open every day, aad free of charge? And the thought of the psalmist is this— that the beauty of the hills is in reality a beauty of God; that all this panorama of living loveliness is an indication of the loveliness of the divine character. A religion without beauty has no touch of divinity about it. To see the attractiveness, the allurement of true re ligion we must go to the New Testament. The semi-pagan terror which appears 60 Often in the Old Testament is absent from the winsome pages of the -New. The life pf Jeans has changed our thoughts of God, and shown Him as one supremely worthy to be loved. Th'e God of the Christian is ? like Jesus Christ. And having said that. have -we not touched the very springs of beauty, thefountain of all loveliness? There is no more beautiful book in the world than the Gospel by St. Luke, even if you regard St only in the light of a literary composi tion. But to him who finds in it the Revelation of a life which represents the Heart that beats at the back of the universe-^to him who feels in the history of Jesus the deepest, and tenderest appeal ever made to .his spiritual nature — to him who sees in Christ the power of God and .the' wisdom of God— the Gospel will be much . more than a beautiful writing, much more than a transcendent work of human genius— it will bring him face to face with the force that makes beauty of character, the spiritual influence which moulds noble men and women out -of .the elements of penitence and. faith and love. For what purpose does every true-hearted worshiD per come into the sanctuary Sabbath by Sabbath? Is it not that he may see the beauty of the Lord, and that he may en quire in His temple? And what is the prayer that such a worshipper instinctive ly offers? Is it not, 'And let the beauty of the Lord our God be upon us?' Yes; for it is only when we see the character of God in Christ Jesus that we know for the first time the full meaning and significance of the beauty of holiness, arid feel u to be the most desirable of all possessions. THE PEllMAXiaXCE OP THE HILLS. A second element in the strength of the hills is Permanence. Who that has looked thoughtfully upon the mountains could imagine anything more typical of the immovable? Their sunless pillars are sunk so deep in earth that we cannot dream of bheir being moved opt of their place; the idea of the fugitive and the transient is excluded as we contemplate the fixity of the hills. An old Testa ment writer indeed has made them an image of permanence when he says that sooner than imagine tJhat the kindnesa of God can pass away, or that the mercy of the eternal can oease, the very moun tains ehall pass and the bills be removed. but even as he regards the one impossible so he is sure that the character of God is fixed and unchangealb'le for ever. In tfhis way does nature become one of our best religious teachers. The bills speak to us ?-{ the permanence of the Divine. A fickle God would be worse than none at all. A God whose principles of action were continually changing would be the terror, and not the inspiration of his worshippers. It is in the life and heart of man that the changes take place. So constant is the ebb and now of events — so swiftly do the scenes shift, so suddenly may tihe Whole course of a life be altered— eo awesome and so frequent are the changes on the narrow stage of time — that we are only too thankful to embrace a doctrine which gives us a sense of stability in the ever lasting love of God. It would make for madness if we could ndt counterbalance the flux of time with the years of the right hand of the Most High. It would create a sense of despair in the heart if we could not contemplate the permanence of that which is divine. The whole direction of our thought to-day is towards the things which cannot be shaken. Man craves for something that abides. Amid the failure of his projects, the withering of his hopes, the transience of his influence, the passing of the livet he has known and loved into the unseen, he feels that he must have a rock of eternal truth to stand on if he does no1 wish, to be swallowed up in the dark waters of experience or the rushing river of death. Give me something that lasts, show me something that abides, Tet me have something I may keep for ever, and I ?will kiss the hand of my benefactor and offer him the poor tribute of my heart's love and my life's service. Some how I think I have found that permanent thing, that thing which cannot be shaken, I want to shed away the mere excres cences of my faith, ana to pin myself down to what I can trust when all the waves and billows go over my head. Jesus Christ has given me a greater sense of trustworthiness and perman ence than anyone I know, and I think the reason is that He is the express image of the person of God. There is only one thing that abides—and it is character. There is only one thing that can make character— and it is love. There is but one man who lasts and keeps young throughout the centuries — 'Mie that doeth the will of God abideth for ever.' THE ATMOSPHERE OF THE HILLS. A third element in the strength of the hills is Atmosphere. Why did your doctor send you away to the hills? It was to get change of air. That is it. He wanted you to get some of that mountain breeze into your wasted lungs; he knew that if he could get you away into that bracing ozone it would be better than all the pills and mixtures. The air of the hills is a tonic. Talk of appetite — why, you never knew what it was until you went among the mountains; then the provisions van ished and the bread ran 6hort. The at mosphere ought to be an element in your religion. A religion without atmosphere is like a picture without perspective, dull, flat, uninteresting because unnatural. We are afraid to be natural in our relisrioiiR life. Why is it that so many Christian people seem to be so bloodless, lifeless, atrophied in their character? It is simply want of air. They have no mountains in their creed. They nev^r say or do any thing which could possibly be misunder stood. Not that we should try to say or do such tinners; but if .we are simply natu ral and frank as Christ was we cannot help being misunderstood by persons who liw contentedly in the plains of thought and life, and who never liave any anxiety as to what in ? on *bf- top or the other side of the hill. The most immediately striking thine ab-u* the life of Jesus is it's sense of freedom and unconventionally. It is a religion of the open air. It is laden with the fragrance wafted from the mountains of His thought. You feel braced ur- and invigorated simply by being in His neighborhood; while to be continually in His company is to breathe the tonic air of inspiration and to live in tfhe heart of the hills. We shall never make much impression on the world until we are less afraid of our own honest thought, and less b'ound by the rigid nileof^thumbre litrion of Bociety. Christ came to be to us the trutili, and to be the truth fhat makes us free — free from our own ignorance and sin and unbelief and fear-^free *o do the will of the Fattier by administering health and kindness to our brethren. To be whole, holy, 'complete: to be like Christ, is at once the noblest, freest, hardest thina in the world, the one desirable attain/merit, the sole way to happiness; yes, to more than happiness to blessedness; and the only way to reach this end is to live in the strengthening atmosphere of Christ's love, and to avvn'l ourselves of all the manifold riches of His grace. THE OUTLOOK FROM THE HILLS. There is one dther element, in the strength of the .hills, namely Outlook. What ? is dt 'tibat :maltes you so anxious to climb the hill? The view. To see the landscape lying outspread before the eye; to see the country stretching away to the distant horizon; to have the sense of being monarch of all . you survey (which you certainly are, though not an acre of the ground belongs to you, if you carry it away in -the recesses of 'your memory); to realise the sense of vast ness; to revel in the subtle poetry , of distance; this is enough to make you toil up the steep path, and scale the rugged crag, and for a moment' call the spreading scene your own. And it is this sense of outlook we need to get into our religion if we would obtain from it the best it has to give us. There is no faith which gives to man such a sense of vaetness as the faith of Jesus Christ. * The outlook he gives is so commanding and so rich that the eye cannot take it all in, and the mind reels as it tries to grasp it. But the heart is satisfied with that outlook, , and pro nounces it very good. -It includes the whole field of this life that now is, and fills it. with a nobler and a deeper mean ing than we ever knew before. Jesus shows, us the kingdoms of this world and the glory of them, and we know that their true kingship is in brotherhood, and their real glory in righteousness. But the out look of Jesus is of wider extent than this. He takes us with Him and allows us a glimpse of the view which lies beyond the hills of death. What is on the farther side of that spectral line? Listen — 'In my Father's house are many mansions' — many rooms, many homes, many resting-places. It is enough. We live, indeed, in the Father's house now; but there is another wing of it into whieh we have not been as yet, and into which we can only enter through the shadowy pass of death.' Do not allow your outlook to be bounded by the grave; stand by the side of the Saviour, and look beyond into the eternal city. It is a high thought, but it cornea from a true, true heart, .uet us trust it, and thank God for the lessons of the hills. 