AN INDIAN GHOST STORY. Mr F. H. Skrine tolls a strange story of what happened to him when engaged in census operations in tho 'Jungipore diotriot of Bengal. Ho was spending tho night as the gnest of an indigo manufacturer and his wife, both French. ' I was awakened in tho dead of night,' says the writer, 'and sat up, trembling with tho terror that oomes onoe or twioe in a lifotime from tho approaoh of tho unknown. A obild's voioe oamo from without. In tonos of agony it shrieked ' Mamma 1 Ayah 1' I sprang through tho open Fronoh window into tho flov/or garden. All was still, except tho thump of my heart as I listened intently. It must havo boon a jaokal, I thought ; but hark, ngain tho wail rang out— 'Mamma! Ayah!' This time there was no mistako as to tho direction. The sounds oamo from tho indigo vats, an appartenanoo of overj faotory. Thoy are deep masonry oistornB, in whioh the grcon plant iB immersed in ordor to extract tho oolonring matter. I ran down the avenue, olimbed tho party wall separating tho row of vats, and peered into tho dark recossos of each. All wero empty, save ono filled with olear water to sorvo as a resorvior for tho garden ; and it showed no sign of hntnan ife. Filled with oroopiug fear, I turned and walked slowly towards tho houBo ovor ground on whioh tho feathery foliage of the oasnarinos seemed to be photographed bv the moonlight. High abovo their mournful soagh there came again tho ohildish screams. I ran baok to tho vats, and eoarohed eaoh in vain. ' Shall I alarm tho honso ?' I asked myself. The feoling that human interven tion was usoless restrained mo, and I sought 'my bed, whoroon I tossed till morning suu rieroed the Venetian bliude. It was very ate, aooording to Anglo- Indiau Ideas, oro I joined my entertainers at breakfast. There was something in my appcaranco whioh showod that all had not gone well, for I was pressed with questions as to whether I had slept soundly. I admitted that 1 had not, and began to tell tho strange opisode of the night. Boforo tho donouoment was reaohod my hostess sank from her ohair in a swoon. M. Gilbert, us he ran to her as sistance, oast on me a glanoe of menace and" reproaoh I sholl novor forgot. "With tho liolp of tho sorvanta ho oarrlod tho poor orcuturo to an adjoining hodroom, loaving mo in muto amazemout at tho offoot of my plain, unvarnished tato. After ton minutes or so ho roturuod, and striding up to mo, said, in n voioo trembling with fury. ' Well, sir, wliat nm 1 to understand by this mya- tifioation ?' ' What on earth do you moauP ' Yes, sir, mystifioation ; and pormit mo to obsorvo that it is in oxoorahlo tasto.' So saying M. Gilbort brought his podgy fist down on thu tablo with a thuiup that inado tho hot- water dishes sound a parillon. Shifting my position to a point within rouoh of the oarving-knifo, in viow of notivo hos tilities, I replied, ' Now, M. Gilbort, por- hapB you will explain tho meaning of suoh languago to a guest.' There wus sumothiug in my manner whioh impressed tho unhappy man. Ho grow oalmor, and (inked anxiously whether I had roally heard tho voioe in tho doad of tho night, and whothor I did not know tho miafortuuo whioh -had wrookod his lifo, and wub breaking hie wife's hoart. I nBsured him, on my word of honour, that I had hourd his natno for tho first timo on the previous day. ' Sir,' ho replied after a pause, ' our littlo boy wbb drownod a year ngo in theso vats.' 