Pith & Point. Still no ram. The outlook fo; our farmera is moat discouraging, especially those whose means have compelled them to operate on a small scale. Our remarks last issue anentYar- ramanbulli Crossing have been fruitful. Already Mr. Road- Superintendent Jenkins baa taken steps to nil- Drnve the snot mentioned. Several consignments of farming machinery arrived in Manilla during the week, show ing that farmers here are determined to profit by the latest labor-saving appliances. We are credibly informed that some rich gold specimens have been found not far from Manilla. A rich reel is supposed to lie close at hand. 'We understand that Mr. Oootes's seven-ioomed cottage at Upper Manilla is bumg rapidly proceeded with. Mr- J. T. Thorne, District Inspec- tor, of Quirindi, paid an official visit to Manilla dur ing the week. The country in places beyond Uko- lan looks well indeed when contrasted with that of other parts of the district. Mr. John Ferry has a splend id crop of lucerne at Mundowie. We hear that the new post-office buildings will be handed over by the 23rd instant. Mr. flowen a large staff is just putting on Clie.fhush- ing touches. The now police quarters are now occupied by Senior-constable Sewell and his men. The officers will doubtless appreciate the change, fcr tbey have nut known much comfort of late. The train on Wednesday morning spread a deal of confusion in the ranks of visitors to tne lamworlh Show. It was announced a start would be made at 0 a.m., but at 8.30 tlie whistle blew long, and loud, after which the train took a preliminary spurt as far as Greenhatch Greek. Just before 0, several people went up to tbe line to take their seats, but were told they were too late. They hod scarcely reached home again when the puffing concern came snorting and screacbmg alonglike a mammoth hog. Then there was a tremendous scramble among small boys, and men and women. All went well after. The local flour mill is in full blast> and we bear it is turning out satisfactory work. The female bicyclist has not yet dawned on Manilla, but in Tamworth she is a very prominent feature, and Before she got her bicycle sho sometimes used to make The beds and wash the dishes, and help her mother bake ; She would even sweep the parlors and dust the . . bric-a-brac, And once she did the washing, though it almost broke her baok. \- But now shea got her bicycle she doesn t do a thing About the house, but day and night she s always on the wing ; She s done a dozen " centuries - and more I ve heard it said, Wlnle her mother does the washings, diuts, sweeps, and makes the bread. Sholooks extremely natty in "brief," new woman's skirt, . . She often talks to strangers, she has been known to flirt. I Her health was never better, brown atid rosy is her / skm, But her mother, if you notice, is getting worn and thin. On Thursday morning about 25 passenger a took the train from Manilla to Tamworth, most of whom were going to the show. There has been a deal of local in terest takeii in the progress of the Test Match in Syd ney, and our daily wires whieb have been posted at our lccal agent s, have given great satisfaction. The H triumverate— Haynes, Hol- man, and Hughes— are now tooting the Braddon B.ot note. They will have ample tunc to mend their lays ere tbe Federal Parliament is coiutruotoJ. Messrs. Haynes and Hoi man, . With Lang Division Hugne3, Are a timid oaud of showmen Looking for Othello s sboes. They conceive that our new nation " In tlie garb of federation Will give them ample time on Belchazer s fate to muse. If dry weather continues many more days, our worthy Good Templars will And it very dif ficult to hold to their pledges. Even now it. is bard to get a drink of water which 13 free from the geruis of internal disruption In the shape of dysentry, etc. It is, therefore, feared there will he a sad amount of failing grace if the proverbial clerk does notspeedily bccome a little more lachrymose anil turn 011 the laps. The Baldwin Jubilee Committee asked the Tamworth Holiday Association to alter the date of their usual holiday to .May 3rd. Tlie - Ob server says this cannot be done, as the local shop employees arc not entitled to a special holiday in -May, on account of Queen s llirtnduy, a public holi day, occurring during the month. Speculators and person about to build will be glad to see the notification of Messrs. Garvin and Couscns announcing the sale of valuable town properties in Manilla on Saturday, 23th instant. Tne land is splendidly situated, and will no doubt command much attention. We understand that inquiries have been made by a large firm or tanners and bootmakers for a business site in Manilla. There are several cases of sickness reported amon# children, one or two showing symp-' tonis of whooping cough and scarletina. It is said the fossils recently found by a man named Joseph Hardy will be sent to the Museum. The recont substantial rise in the price of wheat has hod the effect of creating a stir atncngHliose local producers who have been holding back their grain. "We recently published a paragraph having reference to the effects of strvchmne on the. prickly pear plant, and lmvc since been assured of the efficacy of the poison in killing the plant when in jected as near the trunk as possible. It is likclv, therefore, this remedy will be largely adopted. The city press is cousidered very flat bv tbe editors now that tbey have used -up the dust heap of human woe. They have exhausted the Gut- ton outrage and gliasllv triple murder, the boot-trunk horror, tne dentil ot the boy Oxlcy, and now tbey arc falling back on obscene and immoral ads. in the slin>c of tlltii.v cares for fillliy people. What s the gentry of the " Bully to do? - 01t( " Bullv, oft I ve w-ritten you some most por- itentious lays About the maitlce scrubbers in the catllc-dufiiiig days; 1 And oit 1 ve quaffed a pewter with your "tangle- . footed host, ... Or famished with them sadly when we hailn t got a "ghost.- What is Mieir occupation now the pabulum is done? Do tbey sbulllc to -'the corner," and "sink an other "one? It is notibod for public iuformatiou that ttic Queen has approved of the retention of the title of " Honorable " by Messrs. Garrard and Oould. fins su>erlaUveIy beautiful item ought to bring heavy rains, anyhow. Mrs. Ambrose, mother of the hoot- trunk victim, on finishing a sentence passed for her own preservation, begged to be kept in gaol, as sue said she would starve outside. On, ubrisliamty ! oh, charily, where is thy victory I > Another choice bit of Mr. Lyne s soul : " Any man with £10,000 at his command could defeat the Bill at the referendum. 1 The amount is a large increase on the wortn of any of Mr. Lynes legislative efforts. "Fresh fish from the Hellispont, whollbuy? : The price is oneap— l lailu not I." — Btkox. 