THE TOW*' OF BABY* 11AE. It's the dearest town, the fairest town, the prettiest town to me. Of all the towns in all the lands, this side or 'cross the sea ; It's sunshine there, and moonshine there, , and starshine all tne time, And it's never cold, and none pet old, in its lovelv summer clime -, There's never a ghost or a goblin there, and sin was never known. And no one ever felt a pang, or heard a neighbour groan, *? And the birds sing alivay, night and day — in fact, they're never still. In this airy, fairy, darling place, the Town of BabyvQle. The shops' are full of sweatmeats and they're sold for just a song. The hobby-horses in the streets are free Uvc whole day long ; The band plays every afternoon, there's fireworks everv night. And all the babies toddle out to see the glorious sight You kiss them as you meet them, and they kiss you when you go, And clap their hands, and laugh with, glee, to see you at their show ; The doctor died last summer, and is resting o'er the hill, For none get sick, they haven't time, in the Town of Babyville. Wife : ' If I thought a thing vms wicjeed, I'd die before Vd do it' Husband : ; N, would I.' Wife : ' Huh ! I think -njok- ii.£T cigars is a wicked -.vast? ; :-n ini;nou;- defilement, in fact ? ~ Husband : ' Eden \ou shculd not smoke.*' Hand n-e a niatch, phase.' Tourist : ' Is it far from here to the next l.«m 5' Roadman : ' Wdl. it ain't so verv fcr, nor it ain t so verv nigh, and vet it ain't as nigh as ft might be if it wVrcu't so fer as it is. Still, ifd be feither U it weren't so nigh, so I reckon one might say it was betwixt an' between fer ;ui' nigh. ' vliether to publish tlus testimonial or noL' Hi' partner : 'What is it *' Patent medi f ine man (reads) : ** \our cough syrup has oetn used with wonderful sm-cess on my buj, aged ten. He confesses that he noul-1 mthci go to school at any time than l;ikc l(. your preparation.' 'Our cat has just haJ chicken;.' re marked Mr. Toodles. - Nonsense. 2Ir. I.,1 .-noilC't l:is spouse. ' Yo'j n:u-t be i.'.is lakcn. I suppose von mean o1.:*- f-rtl ii::- tiad lauens.' 'Xo.' 1 don't.' inci-klv nun n:ured the poor fellov.-. 'I broujrht hon# .1 couple of chickens for to nirnows din ner, but Sarah tells me that the cat hi.- Having missed one of ms students irom the Kirk schools for se\eral Pu-.davs, a Pivlch minister said to one rf ner* rela tives : ' 1 li.ienn seen yer cousin Rell at the class for a long while.' Ye ken it's her dutv ?tac attend the schule. VThaur has shc''s gacn i- - I canna very wee] tell ye tha'., meenisler.' was the cautious r*plv*- 'but she's deed.' Force of habit— For those v'.\o have cye- u sec, the present aluavs bears the impress ?A the past. - Why do you sti..k out llir. n-'ddle Knger of your left hand -o strai',,t while you eat f asked a lady if a trani[). 'Was il ever broken?' 'Xo, madam; I'ut duiing uiy halcyon days I woie a taamond ring on that' finger, 'and old habits arc hiird to break.' Sonic time ago a very unpopular aetor wai announced in an Irish theatre to jier form Kichard III., but was prevented ov suuden illness. WTicn tbe manager of the thratre had made this disappointment l-iuwn to the audience, a man in the nil sprang up, and addressing the audience in a stentorian voiw, eiied, 'CintVmen. y niay ate yer apples.' The teacher of a boivd sehft-M rccciv»'tl the fol'oti-ing note explaining the absence o. one of her pupils tV- dav before :_ ? Ilc-c .-moozc Henny for absents yt»tei cay. Him an me got a chance at 'a rule tc a funeral in a eharr'gc, an' I let uiru stay to home, as he had never rode in a cainage au' never weni to a funeral, nor had msny other pleasutea. So plcse cs cooze.' * 