FREE LOVE COMMUNITY. Public attentiou has again been called to an undesirable religious association calling them- selves "The Sanctified Church" or "The Sanctified Band," by an attack made by indig- nant citizens on a colony of them on the banks of the Chowan River, near Montrose, North Carolina. The fight, which occurred some days ago,resulted in the death of one woman and the wounding of several men, some of them seri- ously. " The Sanctified Church " is one of the most peculiar religious organisations in the world, and is the only one of the sort in America. The teachings of the leaders are repugnant to American ideas and American customs, and the law has several times inter- fered to stop the evil practices done under the cloak of religion. The Albemarle section of North Carolina is filled with various colonies, all members of the general organisa- tion of the " Sanctified Band." They live in boats, which they call arks. Constructed of rough lumber, these arks are merely house- boats, with neither sails, oars, nor other means of locomotion. Sometimes they are dragged up on the banks when it is decided to make a pro- tracted stay. When launched again tbe ark drifts around unless some passing boatman gives it a cable and tows il to some other town or landing. At more than one town the inhabit- ants of these arks have been told, either by a delegation of citizens or the officers of the law, that they must move, aad a refusal to hoist anchor has recoiled in war. The arks vary in size, but thev are all the same. In one end is a small room containing a cooking stove and kitchen utensils. Here the food for the inhabitants of the craft is pre- pared. Adjoining is a larger room used alter- nately as a dining-room and meeting-place, where public and private worship is conducted. In the other end of the boat is another larger room used as a sleeping apartment. No privacy is given the occupants, and they sleep together, regardless of sex, age, or relationship. The public are freely admitted into tbe kitchen and assembly room, but no one ia allowed to enter the sleeping apartment except those who are " sanctified." It is a sort of holy of holies re- served for the exclusive use of members of the" band. The discipline of the Sanctified Church teaches that no one can go to heaven until he or she bas become sanctified in body as well and in spirit. This " sanctification " takes place instantly, and is not a matter of growth, and it renders the :sanctified " persons incapable of sin. This is explained as meaning that nothing that a " sanctified " person does is or can be sinful. Acts which would be wroug in the unsanctifjed are perfectly proper when committed by those who have been purified by this sanctification process. They assert that a civil marriage is no marriage and that a sanctified person cannot dwell with tbe unsanctifisd. This logic has caused husbands to desert wives and wives to desert husbands, and the teaching of it has been the cause of the attacks made on "the sanctified bands" by the dwellers in the towns the bands have visited, The Sanctified Church had its origin eight years ago on Chincoteague Island, Accomad County, Va, Joseph Baraard Lynch, the richest man on the island, claimed to have been visited, by an angel during a trance, and to have been told that he was " sanctified." He began preaching his doctrine, and soon had a number of followers. Another regulation of the Sancti- fied Church is the system of having " fellow* watchmen." This regulation requires each male member and the wife of another member daily to " watch and pray." Single women are not allowed to become .* fellow'watchmen." " The Sanctified Band " is a free-love society, Ignorant Men and Women. Even those who were most bitterly opposed to the doings of the "sanctified band " went to their meetings out of curiosity. If they had wives or children they came away with curses it not, they departed with laughter and went again. They were first amused, then inter- 'ested, and lastly converted. Three weeks ago things came to such a pass that the residents of Chowan county made up their minds that they could stand it no longer. Word was passed around that a movement was to be made against tbe " Sanctified Band." A great re- vival meeting was scheduled by the "Sanctified Band," for Friday evening. Wood was gathered for " watch fires " and placed in great heaps on the margin of the forest behind thc arks. The converted families living in the region round about gatbered at the spot early in the evening. The crassy plots were full of quiet groups, discussing sin aad sanctification the weather, and tile peanut crop. Shortly after sunset there arose a soft hand-clapping in an open space near the shore end of one of the arks. Immediately every member of tbe band rallied round tba leader, a fat dumpy man, with a full moon face, and pretty Boon tbe air resounded with a corn popping chorus of band claps, lt reminded one forcibly of the calisthenics of a kindergarten. It was not applause, but a sort of preliminary hallelujah. Right io the midst ot it all there came the sound of a horse galloping along the dim trail leading fro ai the upland, the crash of swinging branches, and a broad hatted young farmer, a late convert, dashed into the firelight, shout- ing, " Clar out, you'uns ; the onbelievers is comin'. They'll be byur in an hour,and they're comin' a shootin". Did Joseph Lynch and his sanctified band flinch ? Not a bit of it. When did ever a fanatic flinch at the approach of the galloping ghost, on the white horse? Faces went pale. and teeth were set, but that was all. "The Lord's will be done !" said one. " God save us !" cried another. Half a dozen men began to put out the fires.The women and children ran to the arks. The eight familit s living over in the pine flats hustled into their waggons and rattled away into tLe woods. When everybody was on board the arks the four bouselike struc- tures were unmoored, and pulled slowly and labariausly into the stream until they were fifty yards from tbe shore Here the anchors were cast, and the sanctified baad waited for the worst. The women were at first sent into the rooms on the river side of tbe arks. Then as time passed on without incident, confidence was restored, and the members of the " Sanctified Band" resumed their accustomed places. At the same time a dozen or more men kept watch, while the others slept. These men crouched along the little gangways at the sides of the arks as quiet as death. Inside they ceuld bear an occasional fragmentary prayer from some of the women. On the east bung the dark wall of forest with the moon floating above it like a river ball. The whip-poor-wills were crying to each other in the dark just ad they had called every night since tbe arrival of the arks. It was past midnight, and the watchers were about to turn in. " I guess it's all a mistake," said one of them. At that instant from the forest there came the sound of breaking twigs and the murmur of voices. Dark forms flitted along the shore in the moon-laced shadows. TLere were smothered exclamations of surprise and disappointment. Then, after a brief pause, there came the rattle and crash of firearms and the loud shrieks and cries ot startled women and children. The bullets came ripping through the sides of the ark without cessation. Then somebody a woman, evidently-struck up a song. It was - I will arise and go to Jesus, He will embrace me in His arms ; In the arms of my dear Saviour. Oh, there are ten thousand charms. The song died away in a groan. The fusi- lade ceased. Raucous cries, curses, and threats were heard from the river bank. Then silence fell, save for a sound of mourning in tbe arks -a wail of prayer and of weeping. The Caro- lina Regulators had paid tbe first instalme nt of their resentment in blood and death, and one of the best known of Joseph Lynch's women converts had paid tbe penalty of conversion with her life. She was the Fatty Watkins of the " Sanctified Band." so far as singing and enthusiasm went, and great was thc grief among the converts at her sudden death. Yet, not a ward was said in bitterness against those who had killed her save that they were " pore sinners and onbelievers," 