AMUSEMENTS. A WIZARD AT THE TOWN HALL. Professor Anderson paid a "Hying visit for one night" to Adelaide at the Town Hall on Saturday uigiit, and had a good audience. The conjurer looked the character he was billed—"The Great Wizard of the North," but he i.s not the smartest of showmen. The programme was spun out to a late hour, but could have been completed much earlier, if it had not been for delays unusual at such entertainments. Trouble consequently soon began to assert itself among the audience. Many of those present could not hear the wizard's voice, and people in the gallery, especially, repeatedly called on him to raise it. But the professor continued' to chat vigorously to hims^ff, and many of his tricks were consequently not understood by any except those near to him. It was not surprising therefore that part of the audience became impatient and interrupted. The professor's deight-of-hand tricks,were the best part of the entertainment. He frequently called on individuals in the audience to make a close inspection of bis work, and there were plenty ready to respond. In some of the most elaborate tricks the wizard drew a curtain obstructing the view of those present from the object of interest, and this tantalized the audience. A man in the gallery gave vent to his feelings by shouting insulting remarks. Mdlle. Blanche's 'theory of cerebration and silent transmission of thought'' was tame. The wizard, with Svengali-like actions, put the lady in a •"semi- mesmeric trance," until spectators made comments. Blanche told the audience names of departed men, which they had i written on slips of paper, and with the aid of a cord held in one hand against the ear like a telephone, and passed into the audience, she mentioned the names of wellknown people that those who wished to test her in the art, cared to think of or jot down. "Charley Kingston and George Washington" were bracketed in this connection. Jfdlle. Blanche also wrote on a blackboard figures that any one liked to think ot It was amusing to see the lady posed ifi thought, and then suddenly dive at the blackboard as the spirit moved her. The lights were turned out to allow of a ghost to make its appearance. Someone complained to the professor that the ghost would make him dream that night, and then all had to wait while the Town Hall porter, with a long shaking pole again established the light. The next item on the programme was a pie-eating, contest. • Urchins in the gallery responded to the wizard's invitation to take part. Xhey -went, on the platform, had their hands tied behind with their own grimy handkerchiefs, and fell to devouring pies on their knees. The smallest boy won, was announced as the champion pie-e^ter of Adelaide, and was presented with an American lamp. Other competitions followed. A committee from the bbdy of the hall was elected to decide on the prettiest lady in the audience. The members of it stuck their hands in their pockets, and calmly surveyed those present. The ladies looked their best, and any one of them for the time being would have made an artist's model or a sculptor's study. Eventually the critical committee announced . its choice, and an afternoon tea service was handed down to her. The men wieut through the same ordeal, and "the most handsome-looking was given a watch "guaranteed for ten years." In the meantime two boys on the platform were opening a pile of envelopes containing conundrums and words extracted from "Professor Anderson." The winning riddle was—Why is Professor Anderson's entertainment like a pretty flirtAnswer—"Because it attracts, deceives, but always charms." The word. competition gave some trouble. : The wizard announced that a man bad sent in 1,103 words. "Impossible," shouted some one, and, at any rate, the author did not appear. Then a gentleman in the tlireesmtling seats stated that he had been informed by a lady that she had seut i-i" 1,800 wordE. He went on the platform and burrowed amongst the litter of papers, while a young woman went on the stage to enforce her claim. It appeared that she had sent in 1,008 words, ana she was awarded the prize—"an elegant, costly" watch, studded with real diamonds, genuine, warranted for ten years." A distribution of prizes without lottery was then undertaken. The wizard sent envelopes around the hall, telling the distributors to give one to "the lady with two white feathers in her hat," one to "that man in the third row looking so disconsolate—well, the man next to him," and another to "the boy in the gallery next to the clock.". • - , This evening Messrs. Holloway & Anderson's dramatic organization will produce at the Theatre Royal one of the most startling and dramatic pages in Australian history, entitled "The Career of the Kelly Gang." This drama is a story of the life and doings of the Kellv Gang during their bushranging days in Victoria and isew South Wales twenty years ago. The Australian scenery, specially 1 painted for this production by Mr. R. Robins, represents the Wombat Ranges, the cave of the outlaws, the Kellys' home near Greta, Strathbogie Ranges, railway cutting - near Glenrowan, and Jones's Hotel, Glenrowan, where the last fight and capture, of Ned Kelly took place. The characters will be represented:—Ned Kelly, Laurence Dunbar; Dan Kelly, Temple Harrison; Steve Hart, Robert Inman: Joe Byrne, Rege Robins: Sergeant Steele, Edmund Duggan; Joseph Skeery, Frank Crossley; Aaron Sherritt,. Edwin Campbell; "Constable Fitzpatrick, Frank Harcourt; Sergeant Kennedy, George Marlow; Mrs. Kelly, Helen Fergus; Kate Kelly, Eugenie Duggan; Mrs. fckeery, Georgie Leighford. Tlie piece is in four acts, and is said to enihain' the attention of the.audience from the first scene. The weekly concert of the O.B.I, series of winter entertainments was held in the Institute on Saturday evening. An efficient programme was _ submitted by Harvey's Buffalo Minstrels. The Eugenie Sisters contributed a graceful song and dance. Messr De Lacey and Maxted exhibited an aerial act, which was much admired. There was a large attendance. - This evening Miss Amy Castles will make her second appearance before an Adelaide audience at the Exhibition Building. Miss Castles will sing" Tosti's "Good-by," and with Mr. J. Chamberlain and chorus of twentv voices Verdi's 4 "Miserere scene" from "H Travatore." Mrs. K. W. Oldham will sing Cowen's "Swallows" and Jone; "Father Eternal."' Signor Vinc-enzo De Giorgio will play as pianoforte solos Martulli's "Scherzo" and Liszt's "Melodia-" Mr. Albert Fairbairn will sing Rodney's "The bells of St. Mary" and Wheeler's patriotic song "The Queen's fifteen." Mr. B. E. l'eagam will sing BlumcnthaVs "An evening song." The Y.M.C.A. Quartet will contribute Emerson's quartet "In silent mead" and Becker's "Singers' march." We have been asked to call attention to tlxe an nouncement in our advertising columns that Tuesday's matinee, previously announced to be lield in the Exhibition Building, will be n the Town Hall. J^ GIFT to the rEOJ'LK. "Charles Jl. Sheldon" lias electrified the literary world by the beautiful, <-nt lancing, high moral teaching in his beautiful work;-. "In IiU Sreps, or Whai Would J«i0 Do:'' pave a new current to thought and hiyh-principlcd action. "In His Steps," "The Crucifixion of Phillip Stronp," "His Broihcr's Keeper," "Malcolm Kirk," ' Kichard Hardy's Scv.-n Days," all of these will be "present* 1 !! >"U 011 receipt o{ letter marked "Sheldon." «-an- of "VijLadatio, Melbourne." enclosing stamp*. bd.f 10 pay postage on them, or any one ot th.yn for South Australian Head Offic e, liundle-street. Mr. A. Palmer, "Vitadatio," has to acknowledge the phenomenal success which has ytu-ndi?d his efforts to raise humanity jn the tcale of physical Iwing; now, to mark an epoch in liis life, has donated a quarter of a million of these books free of charge to all who may apply by letter only. " nl(;'6cz 