€l)e €dttor'$ Bureau. B.L., Sydney.—Will print "The Ghosts." BONPERT, Adelaide.—-Good in places. Would do with a good boiling. If you cut down may use. O.X., Sydney.—Folly not up. C.A., Burra—Considering. Next time you send m.s. see that it is properly stamped. W.D.—Have used some. G.H. St. K.—One or two printable. Will write you. T.A.B., Sydney—Pars, acceptable. Only you want to boil down more. H.A.C., Perth—Many thanks. B.T., Coolgardie—That copy has stirred our bile. F.R.—Next week. J.J.—Verse all right. CYSIRO, Magill—We are publishing the list anywav. We hope you have found all the solutions. Glad to hear you like it. Only printing it because our country readers think they are at a disadvantage to the town guessers. KX,KTS NEVILLE, Q.—To hand. H.C.—No interest in the eye- glassed Sampson. He's back East. W.P.B.—6sd. W.J.F., Sydney. —Letter sent. NIL—Will print. C.E.H., Melb.—Through your failure to pack it carefully it arrived all torn and unfit for use. L.L—Next week. K.O.—Thanks. TTRIAN.—Here you are then: — THE TOILS OR DAT ABE OVER. The pure pale glory of the starry height, The fading richness of the evening sky Are urging into perfect night: And o'er my soul the stillness nigh, Through all the tranquil husing air Is stealing gently as a dove! Moments of peace beyond compare, Instinct with calm from Heaven above! Miss A. (Vic.).—Neither of any use. EI.T.AM: BAYLE.—Too long for THE CRITIC. You have written it very well, but it could do with considerable compression. O.P. (Sydney).—Not sufficient merit to justify printing. May use joke. M.M.—Posted. C.A. (Burra).—Regret cannot satisfy your whimi. Your four pages could be told just as dramatically in four inches. Only a woman who has lost a man and then poisons herself. V.A. (Glenelg).— The moon cannot dart down its glittering ray in these columns. That style of verse not in our line. H.C. (Perth).—Thanks for pars. What is in store for us? New S.A. Gov. Tennyson's children write juvenile verses and threaten to cling to the disease. Grandpa is coming down through the generations, but THE CRITIC will want a heavy subsidy before starting a "Children's Page." Matilda Bradley, an Eastern lady who claimed that she loved the dear clergy, has been fined a tenner for kissing her spiritual pastor and master. She caught him when he was hanging up his surplice, and planted a couple of casculations just where they would do the most good. 