REVIEWS on BOOKS. [From our Special Correspondent.! T)APPmV»pr Srt. Till! BIOGRAPHY OF HENRY DRUMMONft. Large numbers of people .will take a deep interest : in the > newly published life _ of "Henry Drummohd by. George Adam Smith. It is true that Drummond's reputation is unlikely to be enduring, and that he himself lived to confess the essentially sophistical nature of his most widely * read book, "'Natural Law in the Spiritual World," but each of his. subsequent works reached a higher level, and though it i6 a fact that he himself added nothing to the world's knowledge—nowhere pushed for ward the boundaries of science—he did a great deal to popularize the labours of other men, greater than himself, but without his special gift of expression. Drummond could cast a delightful literary glamour over work that, in the words of the original investi gator had no charms whatsoever for the general public. However, if we are content to read this life, less by reason of the essential greatness of the man than for the purpose of making the intimate acquaintance of a bright, cheery, many-sided nature, we shall not fail of a few hours of quiet enjoyment. Drummond in early youth scorns to have had some leanings towards the mystical, and became an adept in what was in 1863 —when he first interested himself in it—cal led ''animal magnetism." Mr. Smith says:— "In 1868 some members of the Society started, in monthly manuscript, 'The Philo mathic, a Literary Magazine, conducted by a few of the Alumni of Edinburgh Univer sity.' It lived for eight months. Drum mond was tl»e Editor, and contributed in January, 1869, an essay on 'Mesmerism and Auimai Magnetism.' This is an enthusi astic defence of the sincerity and usefulness of a movement then under much ridicule. It asserts as indubitable the evidence of the. ability of oue man's will to induce cer tain stales in others. . . ' : . The usual pleas on behalf of a process which had not (at least in this country) obtained the at tention from scientific authorities which it lias since gained are advanced with force and clearness. Hut the interest of the paper lies in the fact that Drummond himself had practised upon others the power of mes merism. 'ft was at that time.' writes the Rev. J. II. McCulloch, 'that lie developed an aptitude for what was then known as electro-biology. The student who shared rooms with mc proved a capital subject, and Drummond could do anything be liked willi him without giving offence. Once I remember being in the University reading room when this student came in, walked up to where 1 was sitting, and, without a word took his watch off the chain and handed it to me. I looked up. and saw at once what was what. I asked liini what he had been about, and lie told me that Dniiiimoud had been practising on mm. 1 told him that he*should ask him for hia watch' and then, when I found that lie had no recollection of having-given it to me, I handed it back to him- and told lnm that this sort of thing should come to an end. Whv Drummond gave up this practice I do not" exactly know. I have heard that it was because lie was once startled 1>\ the unforeseen length to which his influence had gone upon another student, though the hitter at the time it aims exorcised was living at a distance from hint. In the period between 1873 and 18(J Drtmimotid's whole outlook on lite was al tered i.v the Moody and haiikcy revival, tic became greatly devoted to the Ameri can revivalists, and was admitted by them mtu a close intimacy. He helped them m the work that followed the meetings, when hundreds of people Hocked to make en (iniiy about their souls. In ah lie did he was immensely in earnest, Juis, with an inborn faculty for literary style, made the secret of bis success. And yet with all Ins hard studv, and his zeal in attacking great problems, he was a man always able to enj'iv a holiday, or an hour ot relaxation, with wonderful' /est. He was an ardent aii'der in bovbnod and early youth, fond of criTkct t«> liis last day, and a famous hand at a ionij• with children. Mr. Smith s ac count of him lays much stress on-the sim plicilv and naturalness of the man, which ijusst'd jilinost into u Jight-liCtUtcd boyishness. This is the portrait he draws of'the author in his maturity. "You met Inn, somewhere, a graceful; well-dressed gentleman, tall and'lithe, with a swing.m his wa'k and a brightness on'his face, who seemed to carry no cares and to know neither presumption nor timidity. You «i.,'ike! and found him keen for any of a inhulied interests. -He fished., he shot, he ska;oil as Tew can, he played cricket; he would go any distance to see a fire or a football match. He had a new story, a new; puzzle, or a new joke every time lie met you. Was it on the street? He drew you to watch two message boys meet, grill, knock each other's hats off, lay down their baskets and enjoy a friendly chaffer of mar bles. Was it in the trai'ii? He had dred ged from the bookstall every paper and . magazine that was new to liini; or lie . would read you a fresh tale of his favourite, ' Rrct Harle. 'Ibid you seen the "Apostle < f (he Tides," or Frederic Harrison's <«r: Hole in the "Nineteenth Century" on "Ruib kin as a Master of English Prose," or Q/g "Conspiracy Aboard (be Midas," or tli.e "Radminton Cricket?"' .If it was a rainy, afternoon in a country house, lie descriJied a new game, and in five minutes everybody was in the thick of it. If it was a chil di-cn's parly.they clamoured for his sleight of-hand. Hp smoked, he played billiards; lounging in the sun. he could be'the laziest man you ever saw." Many Australians I : 27* know have very pleasaiit recollections of • the Professor'fi visit to the sunny South. THE ROYAL NAVY. Mr. William L. Clowes has published the tiiird volume of the five that are in complete his history of the British navy from the ealiest time down to the present.' It lias been delayed because two of ijhe , contributors, Captain. Mahan and Colonel ii ></M:v«lt, are both in the service of the U.S. navy, and were kept so busy by the recent war that their portions had to be waited for. This volume brings the story to tiie peace in 17S3 that ended the naval war between England and France arising out of the American revolution. Sir Cle ments Markham has lent a large share to the preparation of this volume, which is a monument of patient and well-guided in dustry. It opens about the year 1714, and lor the seventy years that followed it not only tells the story of our naval battles, but vividly makes us realize the comman ders and their tactics. Far more than that, it lets us understand the progress of ship- J building, and gives from time to time tobies to show the number of ehipB afloat, their class,- armament, complement of j men, cost, and rigging. It presents a pic ture of the life of the British seaman dur ing the period. The average life of the gallant tar in those days as here described from contem porary witnesses must have been horrible. Cooped up in inadequate spaces, with bad food and unspeakably bad water, the heal th of an average crew was deplorable and the deaths very frequent. As one writer of the period remarks, who is here qroted:—"Low company is the bane of all j-.ung men, but in a man-of-war you have "the collected filth of gaols. Condemned criminals have the alternative of hanging j or entering on board. There's not a vice committed on shore- but is practised here. The scenes of horror and infamy on board a man-of-war are so many and so great that I think they must rather disgust a mind than allure it. . . . You will | find some little outward appearance of religion—and Sunday prayers—but the con gregation is generally drove together by the boatswain, who neither spares oaths nor blows." The Editor adds that there is evidence to ] show that towards tihe end of the seven teenth century women were earned by all the shins at the raite of bo many to each nn«s. But something of the same practice continued to a much later date. Witness what was known as "visiting day," when ships of war were then in port, and as a particular instance the orgie that was going on 011 boaird the Royal George when she went down "with twice four hundred men," and a wholly unknown number of women. The most interesting part of the volume comes from the pen of Captain Mahan, who writes pleasantly and with that strength which convinces the -reader about the great ojierations from 1762 to 1783. This is writ ten with strict impartiality, and shows how it was really the naval conflicts that secured the independence of the United States. The whole book is being illustrated with fine plates, chiefly portraits of. the old-time heroes of the navy, and it is certain that when finished it will be tlie standard 1 work on the subject. THE LIFE OF THE EMPRESS ELIZABETH. A biography has already been published of the Empress who only four months ago fell a victim to the Anarchists' knife. It is a aad book, recounting the life of a luc-k les lady, who, however high lier station and however great the wealth she had at ber command, had a life that was full of sor rows. This story, written by M. A. de Burgh, and published by Hutchinson & Co., shows the reason why the Empress chose her favourite moitito from Byron:— Count o'er tlie joys thine hours have seen, Count o'er the days from anguish free. And know, whatever thou lias't been, "1'is something better not to be. She had a few years of maiden happiness, hut from the time when her first child died Jier whole life was one long series of family tragedies; cousins, sisters, brothel's, son, all met tragic fates, shot like the Em peror Maximilian,burnt at a charity bazaar fire, like her favourite sister, the Duchess d'Aleneon, or murdered with his paramour amid discreditable surroundings, like her son, the Archduke Rudolph. As the author says, "What this tragedy must have been to his mother it is im possible to tell. In tils' splendid isolation of thrones family ties are exceptionally rinse and tender. All Sovereigns can hard ly be friends. . . . The Empress's heroism on that occasion was something extraordi nary. She undertook herself the sad duty of informing the Emperor of the terrible news. Although her own heart was bleed ing, the sense of duity was victorious in the wile, and the noble woman understood how to mmfort her Imperial spouse, and to alle viate his grief and suffering. . . . From that day tlie Empress Elizabeth was 110 more what she had been. ... A dark shadow res ted 011 her beautiful countenance; she was never known to laugh from that moment, and even her smiles bec-ame rare; .a. verit able Mater Dolorosa, she wandered through the wide world, finding her only consolation in 'Icing good to others, and in making their sufferings her own." Add to this a back ground of daily sorrows arising from her husband's infidelities, which are only light ly touched 011 by the author, and we can understand why it was that the Empress for the last year or two had thought prin cipally of death, had longed for if, and built her mausoleum. Tlie knife of Luc dieni was no c-urse to her, but only a blessing in disguise. "Judith Boldero," by William J. Dawson; Rowden's Colonial Library.-—If Mr. Dawson had not already established for liimself a reputation as a writer of more than ordi nary literary ability, this latest production of his would secure for him a position amongst the most popular of modern authors. In his previous contributions to fiction he has shown considerable talent for character drawing, and a genius in depicting English village life, distinguishing qualities which are once more strikingly demon strated in "Judith Boldero." This is a story in which love, pathos, and tragedy all plav a pait of more or less importance, and the interest of the reader having been secured rn the very beginning it is easily maintained throughout tlie book. "The Bolderos," in the language of the author, "as people of half-gipsy origin, did not stand well with their neighbours, and had never done to.," but the girl Judith de termined to rise superior to the position into which she had been born. "She was tired of being treated as a social suspect; she wanted to be respectable like other gii ls." Her marriage with Stephen Tolver, a seaman of good repute, gives general dis satisfaction, and raises the fury of Daniel Godbolt, a former admirer, who causes the tragedy which bring6 about the self-sacrific ing and ignominious death of Tolver, and blights the life of the girl. Here iB a fair sample of Sir. Dawson's Btyle:— "Judith's heart was a battlefield where an empire had been lost, and it had ghosts in plenty. But Nature has many gracious jvoye of imparting oblivion to things past; £74 does elie not sow the battlefield itself with . golden grain, Mid hide with tapestries of flowers and foliage the chasms of the earth-1 quakeV "Thus, as the impartial seasons bring the same gifts to battlefield and peaceful pas ture, so Judith drew healing from the pro cess of suns. Life with his seed basket passed across the hungry furrows of her heart; verdure came slowly back again, pushing out soft fibres of indomitable hope in an ever- widening^circle, until at last the graves of pain were covered." The heroine is a fine conception, and the other principal characters of the ro mance are exceedingly well drawn. "The Harvest of Sin," by Marie Connor Leigliton—(James Bowden, London)—is a i well-written novel full of dramatic interest, 1 and thie is how it begins— "So you think that a play with a rem irious note in it will still stand the best gious ... chance of success?" enquired the actor manager, in a reflective tone. The sharp-faced dramatic critic balanced his eyeglasses more comfortably on his nose. "1 don't think there is any doubt about it," he ansivered, in a crisp voice. "Look at these religious plays that went ahead like wildfire some little time ago! And then at Marie Corelli's books! They appeal to the same public. Why, my dear fellow, it's as clear as daylight that the religious element in a novel or a play appeals to the public far and away beyond anything else. Under the cloak of your high purpose you can introduce scenes that would not other wise be tolerated. Upon my word," be chjickled, "I wonder sometimes why Zola did not think of excusing his appalling frankness with some such plea of lofty mo tive. His works would then have been in tjhe hands of every pious man and woman in the kingdom. Hear, dear, dear! To think of the royalties he has lost!" "And do you mean to say," said the third man of the group, who was evidently less intimately connected with matters theatri cal than the other two, "'do you mean to say that people take these religious playE I seriously? Do they really 1 relieve that r manager stages such plays purely with the intention of doing good?" "My dear Mr. Jiverard," said the drama J tic critic, speaking with a trifle more respect in his tone than had been there when he addiessed the actor- manager, "will you really never understand that the public at large is, after all, only an aggregation of | grown-up children? Why, they swallow any-! thing, my dear- sir, provided only it has got a coating of spurious piety." _ J The heroine of the story, Betty Grant, is a. charming creation. Poverty having over j taken the Grant family they were compelled j to leave their luxurious Cheater-square man sion and take up their abode in a mean street at West Hampstead. Betty's brother i Walter, whom she dearly loves, is a bedrid den cripple, of about sixteen, and she has : little sister of seven and an infant brother. The eldest of the family, Cecil, has sudden ly vanished, after having been accused of embezzlement by his emp oyers. The fathei is dead, and the mother chafes under her misfortunes. They live upon an annuity o £50 a year. Betty, to supplement tliis, de termines to become an actress, jjeing a vew prepossessing young lady she is engaged by the actor-manager, Mr. Chatterton- Corby Tlie theatre is financed by Mr. Armiu Eve rard, a South African millionaire, and a man with a past. Iu the companv is a youn banister, Dick Calthorpe, a capital fellow who, owing to the absence of briefs, has taken to the stage. He falls in love with Betty, and his passion is reciprocated. But here again, as usual, the course of true love does not run smooth. The millionaire, too idolizes Betty, and now our heroine's trou bles begin.' Dick is poor, so uaturall Betty's mother favours the suit of the mil lionaire, who, however, is more than double tli age of the daughter. Betty is in a delicate position. By marrying Everard sh< can at once lift the family from abject poverty to wealth. The mother urges hei to bring it about, and the great, sad eyes of her dearly loved bedridden brother look up at her appealingly. Wealth would en able Mm to obtain tiie beet medical advice. The plot is well conceived and admirably developed; the principal characters are real living men and women; there is some very pretty lovemakine and much sprightly dm logue, nor is. the story devoid of thrilling incidents. "The Gospel Writ in Steel," by Arthur Paterson; Macmillau & Co., Loudon, per W. C. Rigby, Adelaide, is a story of the American Civil War. It opens on the day on which the Federal flag at Fort Sumter, having been hauled down under the fire of Secession guns, the Whigs, Democrats, and Re publicans of the Northern States, roused to 1 a frenzy of excitement., Killed with one voice for 'arms. Jo-lm Barleston is a far mer of Chippewa, Northern Wisconsin, the only son of his widowed mother. "John," she said suddenly, "what will folk do about this?" "Volunteer, 1 should guess. The militia j will -be called out, but that will nut be < enough—not near enough." Chippewa men were not backward in volunteering, and they elected John Barles ton as their CapHain. To the disgust of the townsfolk he refused to take any part in the war, aud gave .$2,000 to buy rifles for the Chippewa volunteers. The hero and Scth Cotton, the schoolmaster, are rivals for the band of pretty Jean Selby, who is an ardent Abolitionist, and heart and soul for the war. Seth shares her enthusiasm. Up to this time John was the favoured suitor, but on Seth joining the Wisconsin regiment their positions are reversed. He is taken prisoner by the rebels in Georgia, and as tlrere is no exchange of prisoner's recognised at the time it seemed probable that ^ he would eird his days in. a foul dungeon. John's love for Jean has not diminished, although she is engaged to another, so on her account he pledges' himself to rescue her lover, and 'with air introductory letter from President Lincoln to General Sherman ■he starts for Georgia. The General is about ready to make his famous march, through the country, and John becomes one. of his couriers, a post requiring nerve and skill. The first half of tire book, although read able, cannot, (at all events, be described as exciting, but this is atoned for in the latter half, where the heroic deeds of John after joining Sherman's army are detailed in a very spirited manner indeed. The dia logue on the whole is lively and the clia rlaeter-drawirig good, notably in the ease of the hero, his-mother, and Jean. 