STAGE, SONG AND SHOW, "Our Native Home" at the Lyceum. Changes at Hop Majesty's. / - ' The Brough Company is in Its seventeenth week at the Theatre ltoyal, and the sigus.ura that it has sufficient vitality to make tne sea son as long again. At all events "The . Physl. clan" shows a tendency to renewed life, which. Is very gratifying. The teetotaller, who puts drink down with a strong arm. Is a fine study- for the public. - He is such a distraught, mis erable, apostle that he deserves no better fate than to die In .the horrors. On the other hund the doctor, who lias an eye for a choice ungel In muslin, is a man who 1'alrly earns his re ward. The opening night of "The Physician" was one of the three most successful nights of the whole season, and everything portends a lengthy run. as runs go nowadays, so that -the next. piece "The Brixton Burglary," is not likely to be seen for some time yet. Although Mr. Charles Holloway has been laid up the. preparations for the production of "Our Native Home" have proceeded apace', and everything is rsady l'or a first-class per formance to- night. The company has been strengthened by the addition of Miss 'Ada '.AVoodhlll, Miss Mprlon Medway, and several other artists. - The five acts of this sensa- . tionnl drama are the product of Messrs. Clias. AVhitlock and John. Sargent. -Mr. John D.. Saunders and Miss De AVJnton take the load - , ,lng rples. Miss Do Winton is a blind. heiress. MeBEi-s, Stanford, Frank Hawthorne, J., B.- 'O'Nelll; J." \V. Sweeny, George Chalmers,' and Miss Ida Gresham and Miss Alice Deorwyn are also In the cast. There are many thrilling' scenes, including the rescue of a boat's .crow and a dredger at work. The latter Is- a me- chanical sensation hitherto unattempte-d .south of the equator. The scenery by Mr. Al fred Clint has been specially painted, and as there are fourteen scenes altogether there Is plenty of scope for spectacular display. Mr, Holloway's six English . artists recently icn-' gaged wlll.be .out here In August. ' The Clnquevalll boom at the Tlvoll contl-\ nues unimpaired, and the artful Pnul conti nues to do things which seem almost Incred ible. The consequence Is, flint standing room only Is' the order of the diiy. This is not to be wondered at when the strength of the -pro gramme is studied. Virto and Irene's musical act; the Araldares, Douglas. G. C. D,3an (de scriptive ccmedian), Charles Coglll, the dimi nutive Fanny Powers,- Neva Carr Glynn,' and others constitute a splendid company.- Mr. Harry Shine re- appears tor another week,, and Miss Stella Ranger also makes her re-ap- pearance. Mr. Howard Chambers has new songs, and other artists will introduce new turns. Mr. Rlekards and his family- leave by. the American mail steamer on August 2 for a trip through America and Europe. A lookout -will be kept for new artists, Meantime it may be of Interest to know that the next star for Mr. Rlekards is Mr. G. C. Hunter, comedian, who will arrive early in September. The -last, performance of "A Trip to China town" will t?ike place to-night, when, Mr. Harry Conor and his company .will make their, farewell appearance prior to proceeding to Melbourne. Five performances of "The Belle of New York," commencing on Tuesday, next, will bo given prior, to the company's departure for America. On Saturday evening next "The King's Musketeer' will be presented at "Her r Majesty's. ' ' 'A change of bill lias enhanced the interest with which the coloured cyclone at the Crl-; terion Theatre is regarded by all who love the novel and entertaining programme submitted at this house. Mr. M. B; Curtis lias secured a strong company, of which Messrs. Hogan and- M'Claiin are shining lights, and the Bronze Fatti is a-brlglit particular star. The whole programme is pleasantly varied, and the re cent change of items is calculated -to increase, the applause which nightly greets the attrac tive turns. ' The Opera House,. which closed last Satur day a season of fnfee-gomedy, will be re opened to-night by a company under Mr. Arnold Denham. The piece selected Illus trates tlie main Incidents in the career of Ned Kelly, the' bushranger, and pains are being taken to stage tlie production with careful attention to detail. Between 10 a.m. and 10 p.m. the Cyelofania is open to the public, with the exception of a few brief intervals. Nobody, therefore; has any excuse In staying away from this great : sight of Sydney. Country visitors are, especially invited to view the wonders of the ancient city and the mysteries of the Hall of Illusions. The various sessions of the Darllnghurs.t Rink continue to be 'well attended. With the exception of Monday and Friday afternoons and AVednesday evenings, when the Hampden Club indulge In skating, the rlnlcls open to the public. , l-Ierr Albert Frledenthal, the renowed pian ist, will make his last appearance at the New bury "Pop" to the Town I-Iall to-night. In ad-y ditlon to Herr Frledenithal, the programme will be contributed to by Mr. Philip Newbury and liis specially- selected company of popu lar artists. ; " The "King's Musketeer" is drawing crowd ed houses at the Princess Theatre, Mel bourne; Mr. Bland Holt Is In the fourth week .of "Straight From the Heart" at the Theatre Royal; at the Bijou, Paul Pelham. an enter tainer after the style of George Godfrey, the; two Englishes, Spry and Austin, Bellman and MCofe, and others are being well received. AVhellier the Amy Castles boom has spent Its force or not will be discovered at to night's concert to Melbourne Town Hall, when Miss L11I Sharp, the.Bendlgo soprano, . and Miss Florenice Hansen-Knarhol, the vio linist, also from that city, will make their debut.- The concert' is being looked forward In with great Interest. Miss Llli Sharp amJ Miss Hansen-Knnrhol will be supported by Miss Elslo Hall (the brilliant pianiste), Miss Jule Lay ton (a new contralto), Mr. Charles R. Rose (tenor), Mr. W. G. Barker (bass), arnd Ilerr Benno Seherek (accompanist). The Amy Castles boom In Sydney has done one good thing in extracting a measure of success for Miss Kate Rooney cotnmensu- rate with her vocal merits. Everybody who heard M1S3 Rooncy acknowledged that, though not vocally robust, : she snng with' thrilling effect nt the big concert. At, the My.rlorama Compainy's entertain ment In Melbourne Town Halt Sir. Arthur Hahn Is among the singers. Mr. Albert AA'helan 1ms been playing the part of Ichabod Bronson In "The Belle of- New York" during the Illness of Sir. Glrard.- .Sir. Wnllace Browr.low Is also appearing in the part formerly taken by Mr. Paull. - Slessrs. Holloway and Anderson's touring' company will commence a season In Adelaide to-night with "When London Sleeps." ; Fregoli, "tlio lightning transformlst,", play ed a nice little jolto on his wife-. Sirs. Frcr goli is a charming little body, but hard to please to the matter of servants, and had been chopping and chnnging almost every day for weeks" past. One line morning n sensible- looking young woman, with an engaging man ner, presented herself ns a candidate for the I-" rego II luindmnldenship, and was promptly engaged. Sirs. Fregoli was de-lighted with the fashion in which tlie girl did her work, and thought she had found a real treasure. 8r,on after' n note was brought suylng heir husband would net ho In until the ntler- nroii, us. he was lunching with X . That availing be had not arrived when, a mes sage came from the theatre asking where he was, as lie had failed to keep an appointment there. X , on being looked mi. d-sclaie-.l that he had never been near him all day. it was now getting late, mid almost time for tlie performance, mid still 110 Frogoll. By this time his wife was '.thoroughly ulnrnwd, but wus comforted by the soothing words of the new. maid. Finally the latter was -ordered to go to the theatre to, see If there was ijtlll no news. .Before- setting out the maid went up to Frcgoll's dressing-room to "make sure tlie . masUr iBn't there." Mrs. Fregoli followed her leisurely, and finding tlie .'dressing-room door closed was about to open it. As she- laid her'hund ori 'the knob tlie door was (lung open, and there stood— Fregoli. The ' maid' had .vanished into thlirialr, leaving behind her n nice new print dress and a really artistic wig. William Gillette has completed all arrange ments with Canun Doyle for the dramatisa tion of "Sherlock Holmes." to be presented at the Garrlck Theatre, New York, October 15. James E. Sullivan, whose German lunatic was a leading feature of the "Belle of New York," has purchased the English rights of John Doris" play "Brenking It Off." Mr. AA'illle AA'nlshe, who was one of the hapless bund of voculists who Imagined that the National Opera Company would provide them with comfortable berths for quite a long time, but discovered very soon that the "ghost" did not ' takb . kindly to pedestriun exercise, has joined tlie Itousby Opera Com pany in South Africa. Lord P.osslyn— the nobleman who has ap peared on the stage— though a bankrupt and, -..therefore, debarred, from Ills sent in the House of Lords, Ib trying to get up a limited liability Btock company to manugo himself, hlB estates and nssets, after the model of the Lord and Lady AVarwiek company. Of Nat Goodwin's "Cowboy and the Lndy," recently produced in Loudon, a critic wrote: — "AVith .a number of demonstrative Ameri cans in the audience, the applause which broke forth was calculated to convey a false impression. When the author appeared the gallery convoyed Its, opinion In unmistakable, though unkind, fashion. "The Cowboy nnd. the Lady" Is not a comedy, and In Its melo dramatic features It trades too severely on hackneyed materials. Miss Maxine Elliott and Miss Gertrude Elliott achieved the act ing successes of the evening by performances uniformly graceful and pleasing. The first will be remembered as a member of Mr. .Daly's troupe. Of engaging presence and handsome face she proved of the highest value to the trial scene, which acquired a sudden and pathetic interest through the In tensity and feeling of her playing. In many of Its details "The Cowboy and the Lady" possesses elements of freshness for an Eng lish audience, but, on the whole, it cannot be reckoned a satisfying, piece of work, and that was the verdict ungraciously pronounc-, ed last evening. An incidental cake-walk appeared to tickle tlie fancy of the house, but one cake-walk will not lhuke a comedy— especially when the comedy Is a melodrama." The annual meeting of tlie trustees of Shakespeare's:,, birthplace was Held the other fitly at Stratford-cn-Avon. The committee reported that during tlie year more than 24,000 persons had puld for admission to Shake speare's house, representing 35 different nationalities, and more than 10,000 had v! sited- Ann Hathuwuy's cottage nt Shottory. The ' trustees had purchased a first l'olio of Shakespeare at a total cost of more than £000. A second folio copy had bec-n presented by Sir Theodore Martin, and Ernest E. Bnker, of AVeston-super-Mare,. had presented a copy of a work, written by Shakespeare's son-in- law, Di'. Hall, bearing on the lly lent' the au thor's autograph. ' Sir Henry Irvlng's American tour will begin In. New York on the 30th. of Oetobor. The play, of course, will bo "Robespierre. ' F. R. Benson is making' arrangements to give at the London Lyceum, in the course of the next winter,, a series, of representations on the principles successfully put Into practice by Phelps at Sadler's Wells. Mr. Benson in cludes In lilB repertory 22 Shakcspc-uiean plays, many of which ar.e seldom seen on the modern stage. Among them are "The Merry Wives . of AVindsor," "A Midsummer Night's .Dream," "Tho Tempest," "Richard II.," '"Honry V.," "Antony and Cleopatra," "The Comedy of Errors," "Tlmon of Athens," "Co- l-iolanus," "Henry IA'.," part two, and "Henry VI.';'.' part two. He hopes to arrange, on the season-ticket- principle adopted In connection with'. Wagnerian opera, for the performance of the first six of these, with "Hamlet," the entire play in two performances, as lately given at Stratford-on- Avon, and either "She1 Stoops to Conquer" or "The Rivals." "Dearest," she murmured, ' "I'm so afraid .you'll- change." "Darling," lie answered, ''you'll never find any change about me." Which was painfully true In it double sense. "An abstract noun," remarked the teacher, "Is .'the name of something you can . think about but not. touch. Now give me an ex ample." "A red-hot poker," said Freddy. The ' phenomenon of red snow Is duq to minute red plants which are present In it, and which spread in a wonderful manner. 