RANDOM NOTES. (BY "NEMO.") Mr. Commissioner Oliver is making many promises at the present moment, some other- wise and some rash—mostly otherwise, of course. All the Dog Flats and Cow; Back Ranges and Sulky Gullies scattered through- out the length and breadth of New South Wales, barring, of course, the prescribed 100- mile radius, are bombarding the hapless Commissioner with invitations for a visit at as early a date as possible. The right of any and every place to puah forward its ''federal capital" barrow like Cootamundra's claims is undeniable. Mr. Oliver will have to bestow the favor of his presence on all that ask. The latest application comes from Cootamundra, and that active little town declares its claims to be undeniable, if a feasible plan for secur- ing a permanent water supply for the new city can be pointed out. Much virtue, says the immortal Touchstone, is in your "if." Now, here is a suggestion how the genial Cootamundrians may possibly over- come the difficulty suggested in their "if." To be able to convince the Commissioner how a sufficient water supply can be obtained to meet the requirements of 40,000 people, and the battle would be won. What is the matter with applying to the Mines Depart- ment for a boring plant to look for the miss- ing water underneath the otherwise eligible site. Certainly there is insufficient on top. * * * * The claim for Cootamundra at present is based on the fact that it is a sort of half-way house between the two principal capitals. Why that should be considered an advantage the Cootamundrians only know. Another conundrum here obtrudes itself. What has the other colonies done that they should not have the future capital fixed somewhere half way to another place? Happy thought! Cootamundra is exactly half way between Adelaide and another locality situated a similar distance in the opposite direction. Upon reflection the same computation may be used in the case of any other competitor for the coveted prize. This half-way argument is not up to much, Purgatory is said to be half- way between two places, one of which has a climate of a somewhat torrid nature. After all it would perhaps be better to look for a more eligible site somewhat further south and towards the more temperate zone. * * * * The Boers have added to their reproach by the oft repeated "flag of truce" trick. With generous enemy they knew that it would be successful. Another alleged brutality was the firing upon the Catholic sanatorium. This story brings to mind an incident that is said to have ocourrpd during the bombardment of Paris in 1871 by the German Army. During one of the periodical cessation of hos- tilities, the French delegates endeavored to make the best possible terms with the inva- der and complained to Bismarck that the German shells were directed at a hospital full of sick and wounded. ''That's a pity in deed," replied the "man of blood and iron," "We don't want to waste shot and shell over the helpless ones, it's the sound ones we are anxious to get at." * * * * Here is a story told by a contemporary, and because it bears the impress of truth upon it I herewith claim pardon for its repetition :— "The reverend father was bidding good-bye to members of the contingent who belonged to his flock. ' To be sure,' he said, * some of ye will not come back. The Boers are credited with at least one good quality. I'm told they shoot straight. But those av ye who don't come back, but earn the glory of a soldier's grave, will have the proud conscious ness of knowing that ye have done your duty. With that knowledge ye may never be afraid to look your fellow-mnn in the face. Whin ye are dead the prnyers of tho congregation will be offered for the repose of your souls, and whin ye return to youi- homes agin there will bo a [special mass of thanksgivi.n', a race meetin' of welcome at Dooloy'a Flat, and a ball in the ovenin1 wid supper at Father Pat's an' as fine a drop of — may the Lord be with ye, an' may ye always remimber Fontenoy an' the siege of Limerick. G'd bless ye, and good luck to ye.' * * * * . A South African correspondent writes to ao English journal thnt the recent trying times have told on Mr. Conyuhum Greene, C.B. Tho British Agent has been at work night and day, not merely Bpeing Borr officials,, lenuing dospatchee, and receiving deputa*. tions, but answoring innumerable people who sought his advice whether to go or stay. In the midst of all the embittered feeling, he and Lady Lily Greene have remained the friends of all—Boers as well as Britons. There is another gentleman at Pretoria for whose health one is anxious in these moments of stress and strain, for what must have been the state of the Presidents. "They have taken my coat and trousers, and now they want my independence." Nata- lians have been splitting their brains over the conundrum. "What part of Mr. Kruger's apparel represents his independ- dence. A solemn South Australian journal, in the columns of which no suspicion of disloyalty has ever yet lurked, recently eleotrifiad ita readers with an article with displayed head lines to the following effect, ' Lunacy in Ireland. A Regrettable Increase,' and then headed its following article in the same column -with ' Is Ireland becoming Angli cised.' The gratuitous explanation has been afforded that the humor was of the ' uncon scious' brand. Money. — Charles M. Wilkinson, solicitor, Dean-street, Albury, has clients' money to lend on landed security. Conveyance of Mails.— The tender of Francis Gibbons for tho conveyance of mails between Albury and Mahonga, for £256, haa been accepted by the Postmaster-General. The Walla Walla Clip.— Mr. Bowen, the manager of Walla Walla Station, re ports the average for the whole of the fleece and broken in both sales, 680 bales, tobe a fraction within 15d. 47,000 sheep and 18,500 lambs were shorn at Walla Walla, and they cut a clip of 1242 bales of wool. A Stood: of Hay Struck by 'Lightning. — Among the damage done by the lightning during the progress of the recent; thunder storm was a stonk of hay erected in a Dad dock on Messrs. Broderick's farm at Splitter's Creek. The stook was entirely consumed. The fire, however, was confined to the heap struck, consequently the damage done was trifling. Horses Injured During the Storm at Tabletop. — During the heavy storm that raged a few days ago in the Albury distict a number of thoroughbred horses on Mr. Mitchell's station, at Tabletop, took fright, and ia their mad rush were more or leas in jured through coming in contact with the barb wire fences. One of the horses incurred such injuries that ultimately it had to be destroyed. Painful Accident. — On Thursday night, 16th inat., two young ladies, who had just completed a tour of the underground work ings, at the Great Southern No. 1 Mine, Rutherglen, and were returning to the shafts seated on trucks, had their feet and lower limbs badly crushed through coming in contact with other trucks. The ladieb in question are suffering pretty severely, one indeed being under the naoesaity of using crutches. Death of an Old Resident op Chiltern. — Mrs. CharlesBrunn, a resident of Chiltern for over 42 years, died on Thursday, 16th in8t. Mrs. Bruna had been in indifferent health for a considerable time past. About four weeks ago her condition became so serious as to give much concern to her nume rous friends. She never recovered, and on the day above mentioned succumbed to pneumonia. Her husband and three sons survive her. NEW CHEMIST FOR TUMBARUMBA—Mr. H. Blackadder, brother of Mr. A. G. Blackadder, chemist and dentist of Albury, has decided to start in business on his own account at Tumbarumba. He is a fully qualified chemist, having acted as assistant to his brother during the last seven years. Mr. Blackadder intends to keep a complete up to-date chemist's stock of medicines, &c.;, so as to be in a position to supply all the re- quirements of the town and country. A Valedictory Social. — Rutherglen has just lost one of its most valued citizens in the person of Dr. Dm ton, the well known dental surgeon. Having decided to com mence Hip practice of his profession in Colac, Victoria, he took his departure from Ruther glen on Friday liist. Before his departure he was made the recipient of a handsome little send off, arran^od at the instance of the president and committee of the agricultural sooiety of which body the genial dootor was an active member. A Splendid Reason Antioiipattd in the Albury District. — Mr. G. E. Mackay, ^the Inspector of Stook, who has just returned from one of his rounds, Btates that the country in the Albury district is looking splendid, and ho considers the lute rains will increaso tho return of the crops by two bushels to tho acre. With the Walla Walla clips up to 15£d. and other clips having considerably increased in value Mr. Mackay considers, with tho returns from pastoralists and agriculturists, Albury Bhould this Beason average much higher than other districts. Proposed Twt of Bishop Reville to Kiewa. — On Saturday, tho 2nd prox., Dr. Reville, the coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst, will visit Kiowa, when tho Sacrament cf Con firmation will bo administered. On the following (Sunday) morning, after 9 o'olook iMaaa the right rev. guutU'in.iu will aoufnm a number of children at St. Augustine's Church,. Wodonga. Later in the day Dr. ltnville will proceed to Bethanga, at which place Mass will be celebrated at 12.30, when the Bishop will preach as well as confirm the children. Dr. Reville will be accompanied by the Rev. Father Delaney. Death of an Old Black Range Resident. — Mr. John G. Monk passed away on Mcnday at his residence, Black Range. Deceased had been a great sufferer, having been a total invalid for over 20 years from a paralytic stroke, which hasrendered him incapable of getting about. He leaves a large family, all grown up. His sons are Messrs. Christy, Fred, Joseph, Henry, George, and William. His daughters are Mrs. J. Lay ton, of Albury, and Mesdames Taylor (Sydney), Uren (Bal larat), Britson (Bethanga), and. one single daughter at home. He was 70 years of age. His funeral took place on Tuesday afternoon, the Salvation Army conducting the funeral ceremonies. A Ghost Scare at Cuddsll. — A corres pondent writes : — One evening last week a well-known resident and her daughter were panic- stricken for some time by tho appear ance, at the rear of their dwelling, of the ghost-like appearance of a woman, dressed in black, very tall, and with head entirely covered- It moved along the edge of a stubble paddock, crossed a wire-netted fence, and disappeared without the slightest sound being hoard. The following evening strange sounds were heard proceeding from the church Whether this is a ghost or a witch is a matter for conjecture. Various solutions have been given, the latest being that it is an evil spirit sent to haunt the wicked. The Year 1900. — A curious problem has been under the consideration of the postal authorities lately. It is customary on date stamps to indicate the year by the last two figures, such as, for instance, 22 | 11 | 99, but if this rule is to be observed next year, the last of the present century, the year will be indicated by ' 00,' which will mean nothing. The question, it appears, was (says che Argus) considered at the Washington conference, having been brought under notice by the German representatives, and it was then suggested that the countries within the Postal Union should adopt the ' 00' form1 instead of putting in the whole four figures. The Victorian department has agreed to follow thia course. A Reminiscence of the Indian Mutiny. —Among the effects of 'the late tutor, Mr. Rowan, who died suddenly at Brooklesby, was a letter written by Rowan's father 41 years ago to his son. The father was a sergeant in the 36bh Regiment, and he graphically describes the blowing up of the OaBhmereGate ab Delhi, he being within four yards of the heroic young officers who performed the feat for which they obtained the Victoria Cross. The Coroner is of opinion that Rowan's father mast have been killed at Delhi before the letter was sent, as it ap peared to have been forwarded to the son through the military authorities. The letter, although written 41 years ago, appears to have been only recently written. Daring Burglary. — A burglary was com mitted at. Mulwnla early on Monday morn ing, vhen Thomas Green's general store was entered and an iron safe removed to the com mon, about 400 yards away, and forced open. The ihieves obtained £37 in small cheques, two large cheques for £80 and £52 respec tively, one £5 note, £4 in' gold, and some small change from the safe, and they secured a quantity of goods and a gold hunting watch by Dent from the store, whioh is situated right opposite to the police Btation. The thieves would have to pass the latter in clear moonlight to convey the safe to the spot where it was found. A heavy hammer, a punch, and an axe, which had been taken from a shop in the main street, were foutid near the safe. Increase in LandValues.— A very grati fying increase in the value of land in the Wangaratta district is recorded by the Chronicle That journal eaya : — ' The sale of farm property at Boorhaman, an nounced in last issue, is indicative of a big rise in land values in this district. The property comprises 1100 acres of free hold land on the Ovens river, and is known as ' M'Carrhy's Farm,' and the price paid by the purchasers, Mrs. E. Fraucis and Sons, of Boorhaman, was £5 15s. per aero. As show ing the rise that has taken place in the value of farm properties, tho farm now sold was offered four years ngo at £4 an acre without inducing business, so that tho sum realised represents nn increase of nearly one -third per acre. Messrs. Doig nnd Vallender effected the stile on behalf of Mr. P. Nuughton, of Cheshunt. Serious Accident at Milbrulong. — — A serious accident happened on Monday afternoon to a farmer named Charles Quast, living at Milbrulong, on the Urana- road. It appears he was driving a stripper from The Rock station to his home, and while on the road the horses took fright and ran away. Quast was thrown out, and the wheel passed over his leg, breaking it. He was brought to The Rock station, and came on to Albury by the Hay train. Dr. Kennedy, in response to a telegram, was there to meet the injured man, A cab was procured, and the sufferer removed to Nurse Dempsey's Hos pital. He was there examined by Dr. Ken nedy, who found Mr. Quast to be suffering from a compound fracture of the left leg, and he is yet doubtful as to whether it will not be necessary to amputate the injured member. Narandera and it8 Sanitary Service.— Narandera is leading the way (says the Sydney Mail) among inland towns in the pro vision of a system of septic sewerage, which by a system of pipes and filter pits is designed to remove a nuisance from the centre of the town and promote the public health at a cost of about £1500, covered by an interest and sinking fund of about £55 per annum. It is expected that presently septic tanks for the microbic treatment of all the sewage on the latest scientific principles, by which it is ren dered innoouous, will be added, and ia that case the Narandera system will be of decided general interest to our country communities. From these tanks', through which the sewage passes, light and air are excluded, and thus the friendly microbeb are enabled to get to work, disintegrate the solids, and render the sewage inoffensive. The Cobram Bridge. — The bridge . over the Murray at Cobram is tobe proceeded with. The Victorian Premier stated on Monday that several months ago, when the New South Wales Government; declined to join with the Victorian Government in erecting this struc ture, he undertook that the bridge would be built at the sole expense of Victoria, if New South Wales, which claims the whole of the river, would carrry out the work. Mr. Lyne, Premier of the mothor colony, has now agreed to this proposal, and Sir George Turner is of opinion that the work should be proceeded with at the expense of Victoria, although hitherto the practice had been for each colony to pay its moiety of the cost of bridging the Murray. The decision of the Premier to erect the bridge will be communicated to Mr. Lyne, and the Government of New South Wales will be asked to make the approaches to it on the Riverina side of the stream. Robbery at Pullitop. — Whilst Mr. Evan Evans was absent from his hur, on the Pullitop mines, between 3 p.m. and 6 p.m. on Saturday, some men broke in and stole a quantity of goods, including clothing and groceries, as well as a number of valuables, the whole of the missing property being valued at between £10 and £15. Au armed party was organised to search for the depredators, the members scattering in different directions. Mr. King, who was one of the party, came upon some men in a hut about half a mile from Mr. Evans' residence, and as they showed fight he tackled one of them, and when he had his man down another felled him. The two then set upon Mr. King, andilltreated him. On the appearance of Mr. Geaghan, the manager of the battery, the men decamped. Mr. King managed to set up, and fired at one of the fugitives. Mt. Kinp was insensible by the time Mr. Geaghan reached him, and was subsequently in a bad state. The stolen property was re covered in a hut about half a mile distant from that of Evans', and where it waa evident the thieves had been surprised by Mr. King while making tea. Machinery Accident. — A son of Mr. A. J. Wenke, of Walla Walla, was brought into Albury on Saturday suffering from a severe crushing of the hand in some horse-works. It appears thab his father was chaffoutting, and the boy and his elder sister were playing about the machinery, when the child put a piece of rope mvo the cogwheel, and in trying to pull it out the hand was pulled in. The little fellow did not lose his presence of mind, but cried out ' Whoa ' to the horse, which stopped. The father released the smashed hand from the cogs, and the youna hero, instead of crying out with pain, said, 'It's a good job, father, it is not nay right hand, as I would not be able to shake hands with anybody.' The young sufferer, who is only six years old, was brought into Albury, and Dr. Andrews having examined tho little fellow, saw it was neces sary to amputate the hand. The patient was removed to. Nurse Samuels' hospital, and the operation was performed, the hand being amputated abovs the wrist. Dr. Andrews and Dr. O'Shaugnessy say the little fellow bore his sufferings without flinching, and sturdily resisted the inevitable tendency to give vent to t.he great pain he must certainly have felt the day following the operation. Concert at Kinross. — Tho shearers' annupl concert was held at Kinross woolshed on Friday evening, 17th inst., and waB well attended. About 80 employes were present, besides a ?arge number of the neighbors around, the large woolroom being literally crammed. An exoellent programme was pre pared, and the enthusiastic audience were lavish in their encores, which in many cases were readily responded to. Mr. John Ross occupied the chair, and briefly introduced the variona contributions as follows : — Duet, Misses Broadribb ; song, ' Maggie, the cow's in the clover,' Miss Sadgrove ; song, ' The holy city,' Mr. Harry Knight (encore, 'Do a good turn'); song, 'The flight of ages,' Miss Willis ; song, ' The midnight train,' Mr. W. Smibh (encored) ; duet, Miss Jeanie Haynes and Miss Crichton ; song, ' Sons of tho' Sea,' Mr. Stinson ; song, 'Nobody's darling but mine,' Miss Darwell (encore, ''Yesterday'); recitation, 'Trooper Camp bell,' Bertie Haynes ; song, 'Anart,' Mrs. Alex. Ross ; song, 'Rocked in the cradle of the deep,' Harry Knight (encores, 'The Chinaman' and ' Margnento') ; trio, ' Mer maids' evening song,' Miss Willis and Misses Klimpsch ; recitation, ' Visit to Ireland,' Edward Thiemar(encore, 'Going to market'); uuet, i% Night's dream is o'or,' Misa Drum mond and Mies Willis ; recitation, 'The Lifeboat,' Mr. D. Klimpsch ; song, ' Queen of the earth,' Miss Sadgrove ; song, ' Gene vieve,' Mr. W. Clough ; song, 'The Gift,' Mr. John J. Bowler ; song, 'Silver Rhine,' Mrs. Haynes; song, ' The Workhouse,' Mr. Harry Knight (encore, 'Convict's Return'):. The Tabletop Clip. — The Tabletop clip was submitted to auction on Monday,' 20th November, in Sydney by the New' Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Co. The following is a Jist of prices realised :— Merino. — 25 bales sup H 16fd, 22 1st comb H 16d, 4 necks H 16^d, 19 B F H 16£d, 5 1st pes H 15£d, 7 bellies H llfd. 11 2nd pes H 12£d, 28 super W H 17£d. 38 1st comb W H 16ld, 6 2nd comb W H 16d, 9 neck W H 16Jd, 22 B F W H 15fd, 8 1st pes W H 15|d, 3 fleece W H 14£il, 18 2nd pes W H 12fd, 10 bellies W A llfd, 49 super E and W 26|d. 18 : A comb E and W 16£, 15 nks E and W 16£d, 97 1st comb E and W lofd, 66 B F E and W: 15£d, 9 2nd comb E and W 14|d, 6 fleece E and W 14f d, 32 1st pes E and W 14£d, 30 2nd pes E and W 12jd. 25 locks 7d, 4 T locks 7£i, 19 1st lbs 14£d, 14 2nd lbs 12d, 22 3rd Iba 9|d. Crossbred. — Seven bis comeback 17fd, 11 super xbd H and E 17Jd, 19 1st xbrt H 15d, 25 2nd xbd H and E I4d, 8 B F xbd H 13M, 7 pes xbd H llfd, 5 belly xbd H lid, 17 ouper xbd W 16£d, 113 1st xbd E and W 15jd, 10 necks xbd HEW 14Jd, 222nd xbd W 13d, 48 B F xbd E and W 13d, 41 pes xbd E and W lljd, 21 belly xbd E and W 10,1, 10 fleece xbd E and W lOd, 10 locks xbd 4£a. Master and Servant.— A case possessing pome extraordinary features came before the Walbundrie police court last week, when Allan Kilpatrick. of Handley, grazier, pro ceeded against Patrick Brown and his wife under the Master and Servants' Act. After the prosecutor's evidence had been taken, Brown deposed that he and his wife were engaged by. Kilpatrick in Melbourne a fort night ago as a married couple for station work. After having been on the place for a week, Brown had a dispute with William :. Kilpatrick, plaintiff'p son, who acted as manager of the property. In consequence;' Brown told young Kilpatrick he would giv§ notice, and asked him if he should give notice1 to him or his father. Young Kilpatrick, who was on horseback, is alleged to have aaid, ??I'll give you notice,' and struck Brown1 across the head and shoulders with & whip. Brown thereupon asked to ba allowed to use a cart to 'take his personal effects to where the coach started from, bub the request wa3 re fused, and Brown and his wife left and camped under a blanket on the road for two nights. While there, Brown was served with a summons, issued at the instance of Kilpatrick,. for leaving his employment with out lawful excuse. Th-j man stated that, be ing averse to go to court, he went toKilputriek and offered to work until he had earned suffi cient to pay Kilpatrick's expenses for bring ing himself aiid wife from Melbourne. KU patrick is alleged to have insisted that Brown should work for six months, which he re fused to, and he left to take out a summons against young Kilpatrick for assault. In answer to the Courb, Kilpatriok said he had nothing to say in rebuttal of Brown's evi dence as to receiving 30s. He wished to withdraw the prosecution. Tho P.M. cozn mentbd in the severest terms on Kilpatriok's oonduct. The case brought by Kilpatriok, Ben., was dismissed, with 40s costs, and for the assault, to which Kilpatrick, jun., pleaded guiity under provocation, a fine of 40s, with 10s costs, was imposed. Mission Feast at Bethel.— A special correspondent writes : — The united mem bers of the Walla Walla, Bethel, and Jindera German Church held a mission feast nt Bethel on Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock. The meet ing waa to have been held in the open air, but as tho hour for commencement approached, a thunderstorm came on, and the people, of whom there were upwards of 150, were ?',' obliged to adjourn to the church, which was fortunately close at hand, and there the meet ing was held. The Rev. G. Simpfendorfer opened the service with prayer, and after the assembled congregation had eung a hymn, he gave an address upon the spreading of the Gospel throughout the nations, in obedienoa to our Lord's commands, taking for his text Matthew 28, ver. xviii. xxM illustrating his address by several striking examples. At the close of the address the members of the Jin dera Church sang, ' Seht ihr auf don griinen Fluren,' a German hymn in a most masterly style, after whioh the Rev. E. Hillier, Indian missionary, gave a most interesting address on the mission work done in Malabar (India) by the Basel German Evangeiio Mission. The rev. gentleman took his test from 1st Corinthians. 57th and 58bh verses. He gave a very impressive address upon the victorious progress of the Gospel m Malabar in India. In the course of his address he gave a most graphic description of the life, habits, and customs of the inhabitants of Malabar, and also described the many difficulties mis sionaries had to contend with in tho ignor ance, bigotry, and idolatry of the natives, and also the difficulty in acquiring the native language. Altogether it was a most interest ing address, and tho Jindina choir again sang a mission hymn, ' Von Grondanda us'gen Zonken,' during which time a collection was taken on behalf of the mission, amounting to £10 13s. 6d. A vote of thanks was tendered to the mombers of the Jindera ohoir for their kindness in coming so far to assist, and for the able manner in which thpy had rendered their piocs, after whioh the meeting closed, With prayer by the Rev, Mr. Hillier. 