KIT, Or, WHERE'LL I BE FOR XMAS, EH? (By The Industrious Ant.) (Concluded.) Kit, after his wild dash from the rc~n, hardly knew how he reached the street. There were those who had heard his headlong rush down the stairs, but of that he had no recollec tion himself. All his pulses were tingling and throbbing, his heart beat ing to suffocation-to do Kit justice, not so much from fear as from righteous indignation. And now, What had he done? What would Bully Joe do to Lucy? Kit was a brave lad--he had not knocked about for twelve years for -nothing; but when he thought of Lucy he caught his breath. She was the one thing he had to love. Curious that he should have learned to love the wife of Bully Joe--Bully Joe, who was cordially hated by every "push," big and little. Lucy was Kit's one idea of goodness, of what angels might be like, .perhaps. Lucy would be an angel sohie day, he s'posed, and the lad's heart took a. new heaviness at the thought. With Lucy an .angel, with a harp. like the toff in the black coat talked about, where would he be? Imagination could scarcely depict the despair of the thought-where would he be? The toff haa talked of a hell, of a brimstone lake; Kit, in the midst of his gloomy reflections, wondered if he would he in hell. He was sitting on a doorstep clasping his knees, and the twilight was fading very rapidly. With the damp of the night air came horrible smells of decaying vegetables and fetid open drains, but Kit took small note of such trifles. All along the street the doors were opened, arid the inmates' of the various buildings poured out. There was the tramp of many feet, loud laughter, the hoarse voices of men, and other voices that might have been girlish once. Kit lis tened inahallf-hearted sort of way,when suddenly his attention was arrested by a voice he knew. He crouched in the shadow of the doorway and lis toned. It was the voice of Bully Joe, anl this is what he was saying: "If we manage the thing prop'ly it'll mean good biz for the lot of us. There's Tod, and there's me an'.you." "But," said a voice with a certain quaver in it, "what about your wife? She'll have to get her share to keep her mouth shut." At that Bully Joe uttered an oath. "It's little good doin' that, Joe," re monstrated the other. "You can't keep her quiet for nothin'." "She's quiet enough," growled the bully. "You jus' leave me alone." Kit rose from his crouching posture and stealthily took off his boots. These he quietly dropped into a kind of area or cutting by the side of a miserable looking cottage near; and then with hurried, noiseless tread he followed the two men. But they now had a start of a few minutes, and to Kit's dis nmay were out of sight.: "'Ullo, young 'un, mind wheres yer goin," cried a gruff good- humoured voice as the boy almost ran into his arms. "Leave go," panted Kit breathlessly: "I'm off for the doctor; mother's took terrible bad." The man released him at once. "Poor little rat," he said aloud; "he's like a hag o' bones." Kit went swiftly on, dodging this person and that, getting sundry cuffs and elbowings and an accompaniment of abuse for his pains. If only he could catch up with Bully Joe it mat tered little to him what happened. At last, with a big leap of his heart, he saw his quarry. The two men were just leaving the bar of a.public house much frequented by those whose avo. cations -would scarcely bear investiga tion, and rBully Joe's. voice had taken a fresh note of aggressiveness. It needed -but a moment to learn that the men were quarrelling. "Who but a fool like, you, Dick, would ha' planted the 'stificate' there?" ask Bully Joe angrily. "In course anyone would go to see why bricks was moved in a wall." "An' where in a place like this would you ha' me hide it?" returned the other irritably. "Alive with blue coats and crawling with thieves. There's my missis, she'd pawn the coat off nIe back for a bottle o' the real etuff." "Well, you're not alone; mine would do the same," sneered the bully. Kit's thin fingers longed to clutch I that lying throat, but instead he drew a little nearer that he might hear better. • t "I tell you," said Bully Joe, "it I ain't safe there. It's the 'stificate;' the jewels are a fleabite to the 'stificate.' The p'lice are on the track, and away i goes the hull lot." "Well, I doan see where's a better place, unless your missis-" Bully Joe turned round so savagely that Kit thought he was discovered, and drew back in terror. "She's dead afore this," he growled, "or ought to be." Kit leaned against tae wall of an adjacent house. His limbs well nigh refused to support him. "Lucy dead!" The words were written in fire before his straining eyes. "Dead, and with a stain upon her name." He tried to collect his thoughts. She had said that the box must be found. It was the Honourable Mrs. Norton's, she said, who was a widow; "an', sides a lot o' fine jewelry, had a 'stificate.' " ' Kit had the very vaguest notion what a certificate was, but in a dim Way he understood that it had to do with the Honour able Mrs. Norton's mati'age, and with the little son who was to go to England and come in for a lot of money. If they didn't find the "stificate" Lucy had said the money would go, and she had cried and told him that the box was missed just thle day after she had taken some wolk there, and though the Honourable \is. Norton refused to believe it, unless it was found there would be a .stain on her name. In his ignorance Kit pic tured "Lucy" in large letters with a big smudge across it. And now Lucy f was dead. Something rose in his throat which choked it back. Dead 3 or alive, the stain must be taken off her name. Angel Lucy! and here the sob in histhroat grew almost too , eat. A huge gulf seemed to yawn between the angel in Heaven and ragged Kit in the slums of Melbourne. Then the memory of the stain came back, and 1 his heart swelled. The men had moved on, but he was after them with the stealthy, swift, and cat-like tread he had learned in the school of the gutters. ' They were still bandying words and 3 exchanging unflattering comments as 1 to the conduct of each in particular t when Kit came within hearing.. At last the man called Dick burst forth angrily: "If yer think yer can find a better 1 spot than that there wall in - street, then go an' do it, an' I've no more to e say." s "Shut up for a drunken fool," * growled Bully Joe, looking round in a somewhat scared fashion lest they should have been overheard. What was that shadow on the wall? The man half turned to see, and then stopped, while a cold sweat of terror broke over him. The shadow had vanished, but a long, low moan came wailing forth from the darkness of a right-of-way. With a yell the bully threw up his arms and rushed blindly forward, forward-any way to escape that awful shadow and that moan. Kit sped up the street with all his might till he reached the first cross- ing, then down that and up the next, till, panting and breathless, he reached the wall that Dick had mentioned. All was silent save for the hum and roar of the busy streets in the dis- tance, and an occasional shout or cry somewhere nearer. It was a broken wall, the wall of a brick cottage which had been burned down a few weeks before, and there were loose bricks in all directions. Kit began his search without delay. He pulled out bricks and thrust his hand and arm into endless holes and spaces without success; and what made it more puzzling was that there were three walls still standing, and it might be any one of the three. But he went bravely on pulling out bricks and throwing them down. At least, he thought to himself, if he could not find the box himself he would make it a difficult matter for Bully Joe and Dick to do so. It was badly lit, that neighbourhood, or Kit's mortal career would probably have ended there and then. As it was he saw two dusky figures stealthily approaching before they saw him. He was standing on the bricks of a fallen chimney when he saw them first, and in an agony of fear he slipped down the hole of the portion which still remained, and, creeping forward, crouched in the fire place. With the barricade of fallen bricks in front his position was almost unassailable, but nevertheless his breath came in gasps. They would find the box, and then—— Lucy! The stain on her name. His agony was so great that he moaned aloud, and Dick, who was nearest, heard it. "Hist!" he said in a warning, tone, for Bully Joe, who had renewed his courage with the aid of sundry glasses, was boasting of the money they would screw out of the old baronet before they would give up the proof of the legitimacy of his heir. ''What's up now?" growled the bully. "Didn't you hear?" demanded Dick mysteriously. "Didn't I hear what?" He held up a finger to his com panion. "I believe the blessed place is haunted," he said stolidly. Bully Joe swore at him, but when be stopped the was another long, low moan. "There!" said Dick triumphantly. Big drops of perspiration stood on the ruffian's forehead, and the chisel i he held dropped from his hand. "I'm off looking any more to-night," he said. "If you hid it you'd best find it- " r A long, weary, wailing cry came moaning forth from somewhere near and interrupted him. Bully Joe waited for no more. With something of his former terror he uttered another yell and lied, and Dick Was not slow to follow. "What do you think it was?" he gasped when he at last overtook Bully Joe. ] "How can I tell?" the latter asked in his surly way. "Is--is it true, Joe, what you said 'bout your missis?" as;red Dick cau tiously. "She's took up with some one else and gone off, so she ought ter be dead," said the bully, glaring. Dick.shook his head. With Bully Joe before him he could not blame Lucy if she had left him, and yet Somehow she had awakened a feeling of respect in his heart, hardened and coarse though it was, and after the way she had stood by her husband it was hard to believe. The next day a story got about that the ruins of the cottage in - street were haunted. Several persons had seen the ghost, but each told a differ ent tale. It was the shadowy form of a woman draped in white, who wrung her hands and moaned. piteously; again, it was the spectre of a boy sitting on the wall with a blue light where his heart should have been, and eyes/of fire; and the last report described the ghost as a huge. black dog with a long tail. The dog was supposed to' run backwards and forwards, leaping the doorways and window spaces, and pursue his ghostly path on the summit of the ragged, broken walls in. undisturbed serenity. However ridiculous' the stories sounded, they created a profound sen sation; and, while the majority of the surrounding inhabitants gave the spot a wide berth at nightfall, a few ven turesome individuals agreed to keep a watch, and, seeing and hearing noth ing, were the chosen targets for the arrows of wit shot by their fellows next day. In the meantime Kit had been to Mrs. O'Fay's, had interviewed that L lady, and received a graphic descrip tion of Lucy's condition and the treat ment she 'had received. Mrs. O'Fay told Mrs. Macgregor afterwards: "I never did see Kit the like o' that before. I sez to myself, I b'lieve you do be go:n' ter have a. 1, fit, I sez, an' I 'opes as you'll be quiet r like, for they take holdin', I sez; when he breaks down an' cries like a babby. ? 'It's all my. fault,' he sez: 'it wur z the boot as made 'im do it.' " r "Do tell," said Mrs. Macgregor. I It was about a week after this, and e Lucy had been sitting nearly all day a in the convalescent ward. There were y flowers-flowers everywhere-for it y was Christmas Eve, and there were e those in he busy city who had found, time to think of their less fortunate s brethren. She had been talking to some of the other patients, but was now leaning tiredly back and trying d not to think. A gentle. touch roused her. The l sweet-faced tiny nurse stood near. "If I help . you," she said, "do you y think you. could come into one of the a other wards? A poor boy is waiting h to see you. He cannot last long, the s doctor says. Knocked down and a trampled on in the crowd; injured in ternally." Lucy had risen, but her face alarmed s the nurse. "You are not going to d faint? You are strong enough to t bear it-try." 'e They thought he was asleep when d they went in. It "Kit," said Lucy. :s He opened his eyes, and it needed t, all his dauntless courage to 'keep back )t the cry of agony which rose to his :e lips. d "I got it, Luce," he whispered; "but Lt it was a touch an' go." r "Oh, Kit! Kit! Dear, brave lad." d "The p'lice," he said, after a little y pause. "Then you're not an angel in 'e Heaven, Luce?" n "No, no, Kit, dear-dear." n "Where'll I be for Christmas, eh, y Luce? It's termorrer, ain't it?" 