ST. GEORGE'S CATHEDRAL. An ordination service was held at 11 o'clock yesterday morning, when Messrs. R. M^Clemans (Trinity College, Dublin), IL Craggs flSurgh College, Lincolnshire), and E. Gill (St. Augustine's College, Can terbury) were admitted to the deacon's office by the Bishop, who delivered the prescribed address on the duties and re sponsibilities of tie ministry* The candidates were presented by Archdea con Walkins, and tbe oaths were ad ministered by the registrar (the Rev. D. J. Garland), who also intoned tbe Litany. At the communion service, which followed, the celebrant was the Bishop, assisted by Archdeacon Wat kins, the Rev. D. J. Garland, and the Kev. R. M'Oemans. The service was sung to Stainer in B flat. At the evening service the Dean, preaching from H Corinthians iv. 3-7, made reference to -certain criticisms which had lately been directed against the Anglican Church at a meeting of the Church Council, which consisted of representatives of various religious bodies. He said that they, as Angli cans, did well to thank God for all the good work, which, was done by those who differed from them, and which, as far as it waa good, must have been done under the influence of tbe Holy Ghost. He rejoiced that the various religious bodies should be drawn, more closely to gether, for the closer the union, the better it would be, not only for them selves, but also for the world at large, But certain words were used at the opening meeting, which he could not help regretting. The president, after stating that Christ had opened the way by which the sinner returned to pardon, had gone on to allude to a retrograde movement in another body, which was afterwards stated to be the Anglican, and he was reported to have said that he who put a priest between man and God was a traitor to Christ, and that sacer dotalism came between the sinner and God. As Anglicans, their position was this. They claimed to have direct ac cess to God, and they acknowledged no barrier between the Saviour and the sin ner. They were second to none in de claring that Christ was the only Media tor, that His was the only sacrifice, and that, in the highest sense, He was the ©Ely Priest that had ever existed. St. Peter and St. John seemed to teach that the Christian ideal was a priesthood coextensive with hu manity. But this was only part of the truth. In the I&raelitish; nation, within the general priesthood, there was. an inner circle, consisting of members of a single family, having special functions, and any attempt at intrusion into this body was punishable witih death. The Christian priest, said Bishop Lightfoot, was the mouthpiece and the delegate of a priestly race ; but, whereas the Jewish priest looked forward, the Christian looked back to that which had already taken place. God used men as His in struments in His dealings with. men. If a minister delivered the glad tidings to men, how could it be said that he 'came between' men and God as a barrier? Christ had chosen twelve apostles as the precursors of the bishops, the priests, and deacons that were to come after. He did not part with His authority by so doing, but put it in action. The office of the apostles was intended to continue, for the sacra mental system required men to adminis ter it ; but let them remember for their comfort that Christ was the real Priest, the real Celebrant, the real Baptiser, whenever these sacraments were ad ministered. As ministers, they need ed the prayers of the people, that they might not shun to declare the whole counsel of God, and that they might be humble, remembering that they were servants, not lords, and that every thought and every act ought to be sub servient to the great work of the minis try. 