REFUGEES' FROM JOHANNESBURG. A .ul'ILBOURNE LADY'S EX PERIENCE. BRUTALITY AND DISHONESTY OF THE BOERS. THE A PPALLING POSITION OF A MOTHER HAS TO KEEP ON HER LAP ONE LIVING AND ONE DEAD CHILD. Th" cabled details of the brutality and dishorn ; of the Boers in their dealings with the British refugees from Johannes burg are being confirmed byprivate letters now coming to hand by the mails. Mrs J. W. Parsons has received from her mother, Mrs Russell, a graphic account of the flight which, as a British resident of Jo hannesburg, she had to undertake during the last week which preceded the com mencement of the war. Mrs Russell writes:— "I am safe, as you may see, but I have had a terrible time — Just euch a time, Indeed, as one does not want twice in a lifetime. I left it late, trying to get my money out of the bank, but as it was not on 'call,' I did not succeed, and the ua.HK JiiKiuy uius-eu uuwii uii 11, Aiitni, with only three days to go to the end of the retire to quit the town, I determined to get away. Of course, I had to let everything go, business, furniture, and all except a few personal belongings and clothes. I was glad to get away with my life, and It was certainly good luck which permitted me to reach British soil without being robbed of the little money and few things which I had contrived to get away with. "I bought my ticket (first-class), at 8 o'clock in the morning, and at four in the afternoon was hustled, with a crowd of others — men, women and children — into an open cattle truck. Fortunately for me, my companions were nice people, most of them being well-to-do business people who had been forced to leave their homes and businesses behind them. One gentleman told me, with the ghost of a smile, that he had left a brewery In full going order, and full of stock! We were a day and a half In the cattle trucks, al most wholly without food or water, and hustled about by Boers who carried load ed rifles. Coming to the end of the Boer line we found the railway broken up, and a gap of two miles between It terminus, and the beginning of the line in British teritory. We were peremptor ily ordered to clear off Boer soil, and the Boers with their loaded rifles stood by to see that we lost no time in carrying out tne orders, nut before we were permitt ed to go we were all searched, and no part of our clothing was missed. Everything over L10 was taken and kept by the Boers, and one gentleman known to have money was "accidentally" shot by a Boer official. While he lay bleeding on the ground he was robbed of L140. I escaped robbery. The Boer woman who searched me seemed to take pity on me I looked so ill, and her search was only a perfunc tory one. The two miles between the trains were rough, and it was impossible for most people weak and famished as they were to carry their luggage across. Hence most of them abandoned their boxes and trunks, and the whole place was littered with a miscellaneous collec tion of packages and parcels, I did not relish losing mine, so I hired a Boer for L3 to carry it on his bullock waggon. The saddest thing about the whole hor rible journey was the experience of a young mother of twins, which were seven days old. She had to carry these child ren on her lap in the cattle truck for the whole of the day and night, and one soon died of exposure. There was no chance to bury it, and before the poor mother could get opportunity she had carried the dead baby in her arms for nearly three days! Another woman did the journey with an Infant one day old. Women faint ed all around, and men had fits. It was horrible! horrible! ! Affpr rpflnhlns +Vip "RHHrVi icirP wo wptp better off. We had carriages, but were, of course, overcrowded, and thus from Sunday to Thursday we had not taken our clothes off, and were all of us stiff and sore and 111. I don't want any more such journeys." 