ILLUSTRATED LONDON LETTER. I DHlîYKUS : I ARE WE WTTNESSINU THE l'JNAL ALT J Thc Dreyfus incident, is «Lill thc world- wide topic. We hilve therefore pleasure in presenting our readers with several pictures bearing on the now famous Hilaire. The large illustration depicts the Lycee at Hen lies, in which the t '< nj rt -11 ia vi ia ¡ is bein;; held. Our portrait of Captain Dreyfus shows him in his newly-acquired uniform The whole of the circumstances that have caused thousands of anxious moments to France dramatically centres around a soli- tary scrap of paper and a waste- paper bas keL ! This "little bit of thin paper, torn into pieces," tersely observes thc "Graphic," " when joined up, meant-or seemed to mean-thal there was a dangerous traitor to France" Suspicion was the gaunt ghost that haunted the bosoms of a section of military Frenchmen, and they gave them- selves no rest until tiley ran somebody to earth. Alfred Dreyfus was thc chosen scapegoat, and, so slowly has Hie wheel of justice gone round, it has taken close on five years to afford him and his friends an opportunity of proving his innocence. Tragic indeed are tile details that led to the arrest of Dreyfus. In September, 18114, one nf the spies of the Intelligence Depart- ment of the French War Office brought his I'liipioycrn a dueii:ucn¡, lorn in'.o pieces, said to have been stolen from the German Embassy, where, at that time, Colonel von Schwarzkoppcn was thc Military Attache Thc document was carefully put together by the Intelligence ofliccrs and was shown to tile chiefs, General Mercier, Minister of War, General dc lloisdcffre, the chief, and General Gonse, thc assistant chief of tho Headquarters Stair. At the head of thc In tclligcnce Department was Colonel Sandiicrr, and among his assistant ofliccrs was Commandant Henry. On thc staff were three ofliccrs : Pic-quart, Du Paly dc Clam, and Dreyfus. Put together the document read : - Without news indicating that you wish to see me, I am sending you, nevertheless, sir. some interesting information : 1\. A note on the hydraulic break of the 120 and on thc way in which this piece be- haved. 2\. A nate on thc covering troop (troupes dc couverture). Some modifications will be entailed by thc new plan. 3\. A note on a modification in artillery formations. 4\. A note relative to Madagascar. 5\. The project for a (iring manual for field artillery, 14th of March, 1H1I4. This last document is extremely difficult to procure, and 1 can only have it at mv disposal for a very few days. The Minister of War has sent a limited number of copies to the several corps, and these corps arc re- sponsible for it ; each officer is to send his copy back after thc manoeuvres. If. there- fore, you will take from it what interests you and hold it afterwards at my disposal. I will take it, unless you should desire that I should have it copied in extenso and then send you the copy. I am about to go to the manoeuvres. Unhappily Dreyfus comes of a Jewish slock, ojid. to this fact not a.small alu re of thc scandal must he attributed. We must linrk back .nearly thirty years to explain. Profiling hy the disaster of the Franco (Icrnian War, thc Algerian Herber« and Arabs tried to rise against their French masters. Tho colleague of Gambetta, who it must, bo remembered, was. a Jew, en- deavoured to strengthen French influence in thc colony by enfranchising the Algerian Jews, other foreigners and Arabs being left out in thc cold. Thc effect of this arrange- ment in one of her longest'colonies was not felt in France to any extent for some year* .until M. Edouard Drumont and later thc alliance with Russia gave it increased momentum. It was lo thc xealous Anti Semite Driiinoiil that Hie news came that .a traitor had boan found nmonc-l tho nffiVnr« of Ihr fícncr.i) Stnfl" at the Ministry for. Wai-, and (lint the traitor was a Jew. Thc correspondent hinted, that search should Iw mode among " the Drevfuses, thc .Mavora, and Hie-Devy*." On the last day of October, IfSflt, M. Pnpillntid received ^ letter giving the name of Captnin Dreyfus ns being thc culprit, and stating that' he had been in Hie Cherche Midi Prison since the l.l'h of October.. Dreyfus was neeused of having sold documents to Germnny. It eai"n out Hint the arrest had been made liv Cnl.inel du Pitty de Clam, neting under tho orders nf General 'Mercier. On the 1st of November n Cabinet Council was held, al which General Mercier said (hal. hr lind advised Hie Military .Governor of Pnrii> lo inquire into the ease I On the. \iorv next day the, French Govern jnnjtfi-darofNo performifUidoei of;whioh no hun'with. the., least' love-of.-fair, play could ,f«l pr»ud. Colonel T4tniisATdi,.fte'Italian. Mil i lary, AUnohn ? i'.i .Partsi. lindi bhin . freely, .spoken of ns being implicated in: tibe treachery of Dreyfus, Italy- RH-wei), os Ger many being n»c 01 bugbears <>f tho French, (in I ho day named the French Government intercepted a telegram from Pamzzardi to his Government, lagging that if tiley lia.) no relations with Dreyfus the Italian Ambassador in Paris might bc in strm-tod lo jiublish a denial in order li avoid remarks in the Press. The telegram was suppressed from Dreyfus and hi> counsel by order of General Mell ier, and only caine to light when* the mm CHICHI foi révision was well advanced. Wo lune HOI space to allude to the numerous despicable sir.Hagi'iiis Chat were resorted to tor th" sole purpose ol' making otu-a case against Dreyfus. On tile iUlh nljpecoiubcr he was tried by Court-martial. Doors were closed and no reference to documents was allowe.l In (he result he was sentenced to degrada- tion and tu perpetual imprisonment in a foreign clime. Feeling satisfied thal an injustice had been done, the friends of thc prisoner left no stone unturned to bring tho case before thc notice of the Press and the public, not only of France, but of England and other frmlom-Ioving countries. Thc ngitation for revision began in earnest and was con- tinued with unabated energy until success was achieved. " Dreyfus" was on every- one's tongue, and the attempts to win jus- tice on the part of Zola, Picijuart, and others were exemplary in thc extreme. The Court of Cassation at last came to the res- cue, and Dreyfus is at the present time being re-tried at Kenne*. It is too carly to say what the end will be. Dreyfus may be, a free min more quickly than li" antici- pates, and his accusers may find themselves in a tight place more s|>èedily than thev imagined when they orginised thc direct conspiracy of thc century. 