God's Measure, By tho Rev. J. T. Forbes, M.A., Edinburgh. (Concluded.) Who hath measured the waters in the hollow of His . band, and meted out heaven with the span, and com prehended the dust of the earth in a measure, and weighed the mountains In acales, and the hills in a bal ance?-Isaiah 40, 12. Thou feedest them with the bread of tears, and'glvest them tears to drink In a measure.-Psalm,( 80, 5. The sermon commenced withthe statement that "man's tears and earth's duet are both measured by God." He puts them both into a measure. "What impresses men most to-day is. the vastness of the universe; the earth is little, but the universe is great.- Men are overawed by the extent in Bpace,- and .the duration in time" of the world ' system, but he himself is as a speck in theBe infinities. Allowing these thoughts to prepon derate, men cah_hardly see a God. The great ness of the world's Maker impressed the Hebrew prophet, rather than the greatness of the world. In this inspired utterance alBo the harmony and interdepedence of the things of the world is shown. MEN'S LIVES ARE IN GOD'S KEEPING. .... God's power is exercised in their favor, not against them. Tears, representing suffering and sorrow, are precious, they are meted out, con sidered, appointed by God. That which tears re presents has an. important hearing on life; suf fering and sadness are not the result of a pur poseless policy; men learn by these experiences, and become tender and Christlike. God, who cares for the dust, cares also for tears; both are parts of His government. This applies to personal, family, and national experiences. God not only measures the tears of a nation.-a na tional grief-but also the millions of untold and unseen sorrows and tears, of the poor, the suffering, and the young. The tears in the homes of sickness, where loss has ruined, and the hearts which sin has broken, all these are measured by. God, hence the prayer, "Put thou my tears in thy bottle." Mr. Forbes continues, to show the moral value of tears, and says that with them GOD WORKS MARVELS greater than the transforming of dust into jewels. He fashions character by their, means. So much grief seems useless to us. But if God sends_.it and measures it,, its use is secured. . Leaves and blossoms, fruit . and flowers, are made from the dust by "the divine chemistry, and hope and faith are wrought from sour pains and losses that cut deep into the life. "Patience worketh experi ence, and experience hope, and hope maketh not ashamed, because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost given unto us." Every day of your wandering, every shelter-spot on the road, every, step when the tired feet could hardly go, is known and planned by God, and has its part in THE FINAL OUTCOME OF LIFE. Every tear a Christian sheds is gathered into God's bottle, and written in His boole. And from them shall at last be wrought tho manhood, the fulness bf. soul whose completion will he mafrked by the removal of all tears. God sends them. God serves them out in measure, God counts them as they fall; and at last, when their work on men and women is done, He wipes them away. "And God Himself shall wipe ail tears from their eyes." "The earth hath dust of gold." Dust is pre cious. Tears are precious. Christ took our hu man dust upon Him, and wept our tears. He took dust into union with Spirit, with Himself. . "God made man of the dust of the earth." "He re membereth that we are dust." And "He was made in all things like unto His brethren." He took "hold on the seed of Abraham." What ca pacities in dust to be made in union with God! He has comprehended the dust of the earth, the dust man is made of, in a measure-taken it into the complex personality of the Son of God, stamp ed it with His immortality and the seal of eternal life. ."And He is the Saviour of the body." All science is A LESSON IN TRANSFORMATION OF MATERIAL. " From the rock that lies cold, immobile in its mountain bed, to the^feather- dust of the insect's wing that glistens in^the light of a summer af ternoon, nothing is truly/and absolutely still. All is a current'' a flux! From the chemical af finities of the mineral kingdom to the plant se lections, from plant, to animal, all the world rises, and Christ's work shows the Spirit saving, ruling, transmuting, using all to the higher ends of the soul and God's kingdom. Asceticism con demns and excludes. Christ harmonises and comprehends. From soul through matter to soul again, the .world moves, but to ,soul triumphant, melodious, inclusive, and supreme. "Thou givest them tears to"drink in a measure." He gave them to Christ to drink. "Jesus wept." "He prayed with strong crying and 'tears." This J was a real incarnation." NOT AN IMPASSIBLE GOD. an intangible, ineffable Divinity appearing in humau form, and retreating in every trouble into the untroubled depths wthin Him, but One that might be touched. Goethe, in "Wilhelm Mei ster," calls Christianity the "Worship of, Sor row.'\ It is the sanctification of sorrow, the us ing of it to the end of life, the forcing it to yield its fruit of spiritual result. Men press the grapes of pain to drink the wine of life. Jesus trod the wine-press, and trod it alone, that all mourners might call Him friend for ever more. The Stoic and the Christian fashion of comfort are two very different things. There is a sup posed possibility of finding repose of soul by a keen sense of one's absolute insignificance, and this is the Stoic way: "There's consolation. : The universe is infinite. In the presence" of its cele stial magnitudes, who is there who is really great or small, and what is the difference between you and me, my work and yours?" ("Mark Ruther ford's Deliverance," p. 192.) This is ." "- * ?r ANNIHILATING LIFE. NOT SAVING IT;\ it is. losing, not comprehending'the single life. JTesus says the infinitude of-God ls full of airin flnite variety; it counts the hair of one's head, it notes the sparrow that faHeth to the ground. ' Peace, repose will not abide with men by their being told that they are nothing and "nobodies. Christ's way is different. You may-bo lost; vile, hopeless, but yet you are a lost sheep from God's fold, a lost coin from His y treasury, . a lost son y from His home. If man is nothing, why make a fuss about either his loss or his salvation? ; J3od thinks him worth saving, Christ thinkB him worth saving, and this makes loss more awful, and sal vation more glorious. YOUR WORJC, PLEASURE, HOPES, GRIEFS, joys, tears, are known to God, of interest to God. He la mighty, and despiseth not any, ;. He com prehends the dust of the earth in a measure,-and the tears of man. '?.--^ 1. You think sometimes that you have more than your share of trouble. Others are ^plapid, un moved, happy. You' swing * from " change «to change, and never continue in 'one stay. You seem to have sorrow upon sorrow. But the limit is rigidly fixed. Not one more tearful everfaU from between your eyelids than "God'meant. 'He gives them in a measure. He will not permit you to be overborne, overwhelmed. He will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able to bear- as E. B. Browning says in "THE MEASURE." "v"; * . - God the Creator, with a pulseless hand ? _ / Of unoriginated power, hath weighed / The duBt of earth and tears of man in one Measure and hy one weight; ??/?? ' So saith His holy Book. Shall we, then, who have issued from thc duBtj" And there return, shall we who toll for dust -f' And wrap our winnings in this "dusty life," Say, "No more tears, Lord God! -y¿ The measure runneth o'er?" ? , O, Holder of the Balance, laughest Thou ? Nay, Lord! be .gentler to our foolishness;... For.His sake who assumed our dust, and-turns , On Thee pathetic eyes Still moistened with our tears. : And teach ,us, O our Father, while we weepv To loolt In patience -upon earth and learn, '' Waiting in that meek gesture, till at last . These tearful eyes be filled With the dry dust of death. AFTER EVERY RAINFALL, CLEAR SHINING* awaits the Christian; after the night 'of weep ing, the morning of joy. There is hope in tears hope in the tears let fall for sin. If God has made you weep for-your Own past and present and looked-for future, He will yet, If you regard, , put a new song in your inontb. Tears are tho dew of hope. When God's bow is in the oloud¿\ there is not one, but myriads, for it is in every raindrop. "Blessed are ye that mourn." "Mercy rejoiceth against judgment." There is for each life mercy if you will, seek it. "Clouds and dark ness" may be round your earthly, path, as they are around God's throne,, hut cleave unto Jesus Christ with full purpose of heart, and the sun light will stream, forth again above your heads, and there ' will come tb the " landscape of your- . ..., life a pure and heavenly beauty. And Von tho , earth" of God's husbándry "the .flowers will ap pear, and the time of the singing of birds .be corné." . ';? . : - ;- ' . .'" 