Joy for Ever. Snuiroir by tub tatk Rev. C. II. Spurgbon. But lot nil ihoso 'lint, put their trit-r» in Theo ro.iolo": let them over shout for joy, because Uhou defendesf. them: let tlicm also that love . Thy nnnio be joyful In Thoc. — IVtlui v. n. Tho subject tor this morning is joy — the joy of faith, tho joy which is tho fruit of the -frmii fhr> rniifc n£ t.rimh in Gn/l. "MVv wo not only talk about it at this hour, but enjoy it now and evermore ! It is pleasant to read, and hear, and think about joy; hub to be filled 'with joy and peace through believ-, big is a far more satisfying thing. I want you to see not only tho sparkling fountain of joy, but to drink deep draughts of it ; vcs, and drink all the w«-ok, and all tho month, and all tho year, and all tho rest of your lives, both in timo and in eternity. "Let tho children of Zion he joyful in their King." 1\. l?it sfc lot us speak' a little upon the kind of joy which is allotted to boliovors. "Let all rhnso that put their trust in TIiop rejoice. Let them ever shout for joy, because Thou defendesf. them : let them also that love Thy name bo joyful in Thee." This joy is to bo universal to all who trust. This is not only for tho healthy, bur. for the sickly ; not only for tbe successful, but for the disappointed : ' not only for those who have tho bird in the liiu'id, but for those who only see it in tho bush. Lot all rejoice. If you only have a little faith, yet if you arc trusting in -the Lord, you have a right to joy. It may ho your joy wiil not rise so high as it might do if your faith wcro greater, but still, whore faith is true, it gives sure ground for joy. Oh ye babes in grace, yo little children, you that have been newly converted, and sadly feel your feebleness, yet rejoice ; for the Lord will bins them that fear Him, "both small and great " ! "Pear not, little flock." You, Miss Much-afraid, over yonder, you are to rejoice. You, Mr. Despondency, hardly daring to look up. you must yot learn to sing. As for Mr. R«udy-to-hnlt. lie must dance on his crutches, and Feeble-mind must play the music for him. It is tho mind of the Holy Ghost that those who trust in the Lord should rejoice before Him. This joy is to be us constant as to time as it is universal us to person. "Lot them ever shout for joy." Do not bo content that a good... time in the morning should be fol lowed by dreariness in the afternoon. Do 3 lot cultivate an occasional delight, but aim at perpetual joy. To bo happy at a revival meeting, anil then go lioirnT to groan,' is a poor business. We should feel like singing all tho time'. "Wo have abiding arguments for abidfug.cbusolqtiom .Next, let your jay bo manifested. ;Let"thom over shout for joy;" . Shouting is an' enthusiastic uttoraiico, a rhioth"d: which nien use wlion they have won a victory, when they divido tho spoil, when they hear home tlio harvest, when thoy tread tho vintugo, /when they drain, tho goblet. Believers, 'yoh nmy, shout for joy with un reserved delight. A tohch of ont.lmsin.sni would bo the salvatiou . of many a man's re ligion.; Soino Christians are fairly good people ; they aro like wux candles, but they are hot lighted. Oh for a touch offiamo! Then would. they scatter light, anil thus be come of service to their families. "Lot them shout for joy." Why not? Let not orderly , 'iffllks /Object,, /One said -to' m« the other day, When' I ' hear you preach I feel as if I must have a shout!" My friend, ' shout if you feel forced to do ho.. (Hero a hearer cried, '.'Glory!") Our broth or cries, "Glory !" uiul I' say ho too. Glory ! Yes, wo will have our high days mid holidays, and we will sing and shout for joy till even tho heathen say, "Tho Lord jmth done great things for them." This joy_ is logical. "Wlrnn I was n child, and went to school, I remember learning out of a' book called "Why and Bccau-o." Things one learns as a child stick in the memory , and therefore I like a text which has a " bo- cause" in it. Here it is : "Lob them shout for jo, because Thou defendest thorn. " Tho <ijoy of a believer . in God has a firm founda tion ; it is not tho baseless fabric of a vision. We havo a satisfactory reason for our most exuberant joy . "The Lord hath dono great things for us, whereof wo uro glad." Philosophers, can bo happy without music, and -saints can bo happy desnito circum- stances. With joy we draw water out of deeper and ftillof wells than such as father Jacob digged. Our mirth is as soberly reasonable as the worldling's fours. Once more : This happiness is u thing of tho heart ; for the text runs thus — " Let them that love Thy name bn joyful in Time," Wo love God. I trut I urn speaking to many who could say, "Lord, Thou knowest all tilings. Thou knowest that I love Thee." Is it not a very happy emotion? What is sweeter than to aay, with tears in one's eyes, "My God, V love Thoe"? To sit down and havo nothing to ask for; no words to utter, but only for the soul to love — is Hot this heavenly ? Measureless depths of unutterable love are in tho soul, and in those depths we litid tho pearl of joy. When the heart is taken up with so delightful an object as the over-blessed God, it feels an intensity of joy which cannot bo rivalled. When our whole being is steeped m adoring love, then heaven cornea streaming down, and we rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. 2\. Now I come to the second head, to con sider' tho ground and reason of holy joy. The believer's joy arises from the God in whom he trusts. " Let all those that put their trust in Theo rejoice." When, after many a weary wandering, tho dovo of your soul has at last come 'hack to the ark, and Noah has put out his hand and " pulled her in unto him," the poor, weary creature is happy. Taken into Noah's hand and made to nestle in his bosom, she fuels so wife, so peaceful ! The weary leagues of the wild waste of waters are nil forgotten, or only remembered to give zest to iho repose. So, when you irnsfc in God. your soul has found a quiet rcsting-pluee, ii pavilion of repose. Oli, yon who havo novor trusted God in Christ Jesus, you do not know wha; real happinosa(;.;meanu 1 ; You jnuy search .all tbo'.tlicutreH . in lion don, and ransack all tho music-hftUs, and . oluhs, ; and publio- hou8C3f „ hub you, will find no happiness in any of their mirth, or show, or wine. Truo joy dwells whoro. dwells tho living God, and nowhere else. ' Oar joy arises out of tho lovo we hiitfo towards our 'God.' . "Lot" them that , love. Thy name be joyful in Thee." The morb you lovo God, tho more you will delight in Him. . It is thai-profusion of a mother's love to hor child whioh.hmkca her take such delight in it. . Hor boy is her joy because of lior lovo.!-. If wo loved Jesus hotter, wo should bo- happier in; Him. .You do not, perhaps, see , tho connection, between tho two things ; but ' there is a connection, so intimate that littlo lovo to Christ brings little joy in Christ, unci grout-' 'lovo to Christ brings great joy. in Christ God grunt thut in d full Christ we may have ; a full joy I Do you see what X mean? Wlion ' a man comes to God in Christ and says, " This Saviour is niy 'Saviour, this Father ismy Father, .this God is my God for over- and over" , thon he has everything, and ho must be joyful. Ho has no fear about tbe past—God has forgiven him ; ho has ho distress about tho present— tho Lord is with him ; ho is not afraid about the future — for the Lord hath said/ "I will never leave theo, nor forsake thee." If you uudorernnd iny text, and put it into practice, you possess tho quintessence of happiness, tho essential oil of joy. It is by faith that this joy comes to us. Faith makes joyful dis coveries. I speak to those of you who have faith. "When you first belicvod in Christ you foutid that you were saved, unci know that vou were forgiven. Some little while utter, you discovered that you were cli os en of God from before tho founaatiou of the world. Oh the rapture of your soul when the Lord appeared ot old unto you, saying. " Yea, I have loved theo with an everlasting love ; therefore, with- 'loving kindness havo I drawn thee." In Christ the believer is as just in the Might of 'God as if he hud never mnntd; ho is covered with a perfect righteous ness, uud is accepted in the Beloved. Whut a joy is justification. What bliss, also, to learn our union to Christ. Wo aro mem bers of His body, of His flesh, and of His bones. Bromide Ho lives, we shall live also. Above all. faith baa an eye to tho external reward. She rejoices in her prospects. She takes into her hand the birds which to others arc in tho bush. To be with Christ in the glorylnnd is the joy of hope, the hope which irinkoth not ashamed Our hope isno dream: as sure as wo avo hero to-day, wo .who are trusting in Christ will be in heaven before long : for He prays that we may be with Him Where He is, and may behold His glory. Lot us not wish to .postpone tho happy day. Shall pur bridal day bo kept back? Nay, let tho Bridegroom speedily come and take us to Himself, What a joy to know that this head shall wear a crown of glory, aud these hands shall wave tho palm-branch of vic tory ! I speak not of mjvelf alone, my brethren, but of you also, and of all them that love His appearing. Tbi-re is a crown of life laid up for you, which tho righteous Judge will give you. Wherefore, have patience a little while. Hear hi ill your oros. Put up with the difficulties of the way. for the end is almost within 8'ght. Mnv the Lord give us tho ears of faith wherewith to hear the bells of heaven ringing out from afar over tho waters of time ! 8\. We will look now into a third matter, which is the failures reported concerning this joy. Let tno nay to horn of you who lovo to raise objections, What do you know about this joy? Are you unbelievers? Well, then, yon are out of court.; you aro not com petent to judge. Tho grid's of believers you do not know, and with their juy you cannot intermeddle. You have no spirit ual lusto or discernment, and what judgment can you form? A genuine believer may bo us happy as tho angels, and yet you may not know his joy, because you are nor in the secret. You havo not a .spiritual mind, aud the carnal mind cannot discern spiritual things. I would havo you M)Mik with hated breath -wfifeu you talk on this mutter. A blind man nc tho Koynl "Academy, would not do much good ; his critioisins on the pictures are nor. worth much; bur. tin y are quire equal in value to yours whan you speak of spiritual tilings. You cannot know what joy in tho Lord may mean: tor, alas! you arc a stranger to Much hea venly things. If you say that Home Christiana arc unhappy, must you not also admit that many of them are very happy? I was unco waited upon by nil enthusiast with a new religion/ to publish. Numbers of people havo a crack which lets in new light, unrl t' is man was going In convert mo ro his now ideas. .After I heard him. J said, "I havo heard your stun ; will you heir mine?" When I talked to him of my lot and portion in tho love of a covenant God, and tho Hat'eiy of the believer in Christ, he said, "Now, air, : if you h-lirve all .this, you ought to bo the I nappiisr nutn in the world." I admitted j hat iii>- ii i'.reuce was tig"; but then I said | ;«» him, what r tlior surprised him, "Sol ; am ; and ! am going to bo inorc so1 all tho ' ivst of my If a man is chosen of God i from' before tho foundation of tho worlu, ' N r'dc'cucd by the -precious 'blood of Christ, sh quickened by tho Holy Ghost, and re- ! unwed in ibe spirit of bis mind, is ono j with Ovist, and ou his way to heaven — if ho I I not. happy i lio ought to be. Surely we | ought to ivjoiee abundantly, dear friends,- for j urs is a happy lot. " Happy are tlio people \ whose Gnd is tho Lord." ! 4. 1 close by mentioning tho arguments j i'.-r abounding in joy. First, you see in my text u permit to be glad : "Let all those that ; ut their trust in Theo rejoice." You liavo | here a ticket to the bunquela of joy. You may lie as iiappy as ever you like. You liavo ' Divine pet mission to shout for joy. cd'-r is i liu inner euiLptuary of pj-.ucss. You cry, "May 1 come il n?" Yes. if by faith you can grasp the text. " Lot all those thur. put their trust in Theo rejoice." " But: may 1 be happy?" asks i .me. May I bo glad ? May I ? Is thcro i joy for nio?" Do you trust in the Lord P | 1 ben you have your passport : travel. iu tho \:hf. j.'iir the text is not only a permit, it is precept. When it says, " Lot thorn shout lit joy," it means that they arc- commanded :» do so. Blqssed is that religion wherein it is a duty ».o be happy. Come, ye mournful ones, bo giud. Ye discontented grumblers, n iiu' < ut of that dog hole. Enter tho palace , of the King. .Quit your dunghills ; ascend' vour tbivncs. The precept commands it : '.' Hct in tho Lord ahvay ; uud .-hi I say, Rejoice," "Wo havo here i.-.-o than a permit and a precept — ic j it> n prayer. David prays ir, rhe Loru Jesus I p.nys it Lv David. Let them rojoicc, let j them Ik joyful in Time ! Will Ho not grunt I he pray, r which He lias inspired by cuudng us to tvjwiuo through lifting upon us tho ligh> o: His coutitenaui(i? Pray for joy yourself, saying with David, "Restore unto inn tho joy of Thy salvation." May some of you that, have hover joyed in J'.sns Christ Icaru how topratso Him to- day by being washed in His precious blood. You that havo praised Him long, may you learn your score yet moru lully, and slug iu better tuue henoeiurtli and for evermore. Amen. 