A QUESTION" O PROPRIET AN 'IDYLL' OF LARRIKIN LAND. The bar door swung to with a crash as there entered hurriedly Slimmy Smith wearing a general appearance of suppressed emotion and his best clothes. To the various and apt remarks concerning his health from his assembled friends he made no answer, but gloomily desiring a whisky from the barman he dusted his tan boots carefully with a violently colored silk handkerchief, and lit a cigarette. 4 Sixpenny drinks, my oath,' re marked a cheerful youth with a low forehead and a high-crowned hat. 4 Your mother must be doing well, Slimmy.' 4 Slimmy's got 'em all on, ain't yer T said another. 4 Must 'a been a fire round your street, Slim,' said a third reflectively. 4 'E's narked,' said the cheerful youth regarding Slimmy with a facetious eye, 4 Sal been track in' with Plugger Watson again V he asked solicitously. 4 Sal wouldn't look at that squealin' cow,' said Slimmy, enraged at this last allusion to an extremely tender subject. 4 Nor I wont stand none o' your blasted giwack, Brum White,' he added fiercely. 4 Who's giwackin' V said Brum. 4 'Ere, don't get nasty, Slim,' he added hastily, seeing the other inclined to resent forcibly any further banter, 4 'Ave a wet V Slimmy considered this proposal resentfully for a moment, and then pushed his glass across the counter. 4 Fill 'em up, Bill,' said Brummy, as the others gratefully handed up their glasses. 4 Name it, blokes. 'Ave another whisky, Slim ? (This gra ciously to the offended one ) Slimmy s anger having thawed some what at the last proposal, he pro ceeded to unburden himself with a provision against any further 4barrack.' 41 been down to Bingey Mac's party,' said he 4 His old woman gave it to him. Bingey asked me to go and wake things up a bit, so I went. They 'ad dancin' in the front room, an' a bloomin' piano, and the bloomin' beano spread in the kitchen. It wasn't too blanky bad either,' he added, as one who makes a con cession. 4 I'll say that for Bingey's old woman, she could fatten pigs, but I never see in all me natural such a mangy crowd o' tarts. There wasn t a bit o' muslin in the ole room worth hookin' onter except Bingey's sister, Nell. So I lines up to her, and dances a couple of times, and then asks 'er if she'd take a breather in the bloomin' verandah. We gets yarn in' out there, and after a while I gets me crook round 'er neck and kisses 'er, and and things was a bit willin', I tell yer, when all of a sudden I twigs Bingey's head watch in' us out of the winder. 'E says to Nell—" Ere, you get inside, an' look arter yer blanky guests.' Nell hooked it quick an' lively, and after a while Bingey comes up to me and says in me ear, " I want to see you afore you go." " Right-o, Binge," says I, off- handed. You know I didn't want 'em to think I was funkin' 'him. Not though I wasn't a bit scared about it, lecause— well, you know Bingey ' 4 Things wasn't much violets after that I te 1 you. Nell shied off me on account of Bingey, and every time I made a move 'e says 44 Don't you go afore I see yer,' till I fair had the 'ump to see 'is chiv a-follerin' me about.' 4 After the crowd 'ad mostly all gone Bingey says to me 44 Come on. I want yer." " o out we goes to is crib in the yard, Bingey watchin' me like a bloomin' dawg all the while. When we gets inside 'e locks the blanky door and takes down a revolver what 'e 'as 'anging above 'is bed, and slips a couple of cartridges into it.' It fairly shook me up, I tell you. I says to meself 4 The beggar's going to shoot me for muggin' 'is blanky sister.' He never done nothin' though • 'e only says " Come on," and walks out the back an' down the lane an' out into them bloomin' lonely paddocks behind old Brigg's slaughter-yard what people says is haunted by old Briggs' ghost.' ' So it is,' said a flat^headed youth, ' Nickey Fowler saw him last Thurs day night.' 'Nickey Fowler got rats,' said the cheerful youth decisively. Slimmy continued—41 cracked I didn't notice nothin', and kept talkin' easy about things, but I was in two minds to get the drop on the blighter and chance it' ' I tell you I was in a fair funk when we gets behind them old sheds, Bingey lookin' all round to see if any body was about. Then he come up close to me and says, " Yer see this revolver?" "Yes, Binge, old man," says I, ready to grab 'is arm when 'e fired. " Well," says 'e, " I'm goin' to try and get a shot at old Brigg's ghost, an' I reckoned I'd bring you along ' Slimmy paused, drank off his whisky, and put the glass down with a bang. ' That's the sort o' bl ike Bingey Mac is,' said he. 'An' if you catch me chucklin' to 'is bloomin' sister again may I never mark another ticket. So- long, blokes.' —The Peb. 