ELECTION NOTES. Mr. Jenkinson, the Independent Opposition candidate for Wide Bay, seems to have experienced a rather warm quarter of an hour at the meeting which he held on Monday at M'Kewen's Hall, Kilkivan. He had been preceded in the same hall, and on the same day, by the Ministerial candidate, Mr. Chip- pendall. Mr. Jenkinson, like many others who sport the Independent'badge, apparently found it a more congenial task to attack the policy of the Government than to give anything in the shape of a clear exposition of his own, a fact of which he was reminded by an interjected request to tell the audience about himself. In the questions which followed, certain reminiscences of Mr. Jenkin- son's public career, which were referred to through the medium of a letter, brought round some verbal passage of an awkward kind between Mr. Jenkinson and the man who, to that patriot's annoyance, wanted to demonstrate at his expense that a person who was not sincere to his friends could not be sincere to his electorate. With re- spect to the first part of this proposition no comment is called for here, but an opinion may be freely given as to the second. It inevitably suggests Itself In connection with the Independent gentleman's concluding remarks. They took the form of the fine old platitude as to securing the greatest good for the greatest number. Orators who are ready with that phrase are commonly apt to identify " the greatest number with number one. It is just as well that admirers of Mr. Plunkett should know that he cannot boast of any support from Labour. We point this out because the gentleman in question sometimes talks of Mr. Glassey as though he were a long-lost brother with the strawberry mark on his left arm. The leader of the Labour Opposition has written a letter to Mr. Macnamara emphatically deny- ing that Mr. Plunkett was in any way supported by him. " On the contrary," says Mr. Glassey In his communication, " you (Macnamara) have my heartiest good wishes for your success, and I sincerely trust that our friends in the electorate will rally round you and do everything possible to secure your return." Then came the promise that the beloved of Bundaberg would lift up the light of his countenance upon the Albert electors. After that, what more could mortal man say worthy of perusal ? It will be as good as three meals a day and a free pass for the theatre every night to hear Mr. Glassey speak after his recent triumph at Bundaberg. Nobody is likely to haul round a banner, offering to die for Queensland, in the process of interrupting him and every ball he pays tor will be strictly observed as his property. Only in the great Leader's own electorate is the right to fair play so trampled upon that nobody can hear himself speak if he attempts to put Mr. Glassey right. The great Panjandrum himself may travel round fear- ing nobody ; but directly Mr. Dickson puts nose inside a Labour preserve he is to be treated to a full dose of ruffianism. Sauce for the goose is not sauce for the gander in this instance. In Labour views the right thing is to listen to everything a Labour candidate says, and Labour leaders are to have free run of the colony. Let the Government attempt anything of the sort, though, and look out for squalls To a presumably anxious public has been announced the momentous news that Mr. W. Hamilton, the Labour candidate for the Gregory, is actively at work in that neighbourhood. His progress had, it appears, been delayed through floods. But happily that difficulty has been surmounted, and he has accordingly been opening the flood-gates of his eloquence in the constituency. The gentleman, however, would not appear to have given his prospective constituents much that was new, but to have gone through the regulation programme as taken from the versions variously adapted for town and country by the men of light and leading who preside at the Trades Hall. When that programme indeed ceases to be extravagant It is apt to be commonplace, to the verge of utter dulness and barrenness. Mr. Collings would dearly love to represent Toombul in Parliament. He does not appear as a Labour candidate, however, because he has been made that way but because there is really no opening on the side" on which Mr. Petrie stands. It would be a sorry business to attempt to oust the well tried member from his stronghold, where the name of Petite stands so high, except as a Labour nominee ; and-even in that guise one can see a weakling in Mr. Collings. The Trades Hall does not throw away strong men on electorates -it has any hope of winning. Mr. Midgley was allowed a run for Bulimba, but he had not the ghost of a chance against Mr. Dickson. It served to keep the fires of his enthusiasm for the Labour platform burning. So with Mr. Collings-be is dying to get into Parliament, and he professes to be madly in love with the Gospel according to O Passe v. "very good ; the dear, kind, Labour folk have given him a whistle, and he is allowed to play about Toombul. ' 4 The Labour bell, in telling for " The brave who are no more," so far as the chances of the present contest are concerned, should give a knell to the political memory of Mr. William Begg?, Mr. Foxton's late opponent at Carnarvon. According to all accounts, Mr. Begg bore the " banner with the strange device" of the forty-four _ planks with exemplary devotion all through the conflict in which, unfortunately for himself; he came off second best. Indeed, it is said that, when it was his cue to talk, he could talk; 1 about nothing else but those planks. They have been referred to by a local newspaper ka constituting the gentleman's whole electioneering stock-in-trade. However, he will have the consolation of thinking that a catastrophe which overwhelmed him on Saturday was shared in common with older ] j hands at the new business to which he had taken. But Mr. Begg's previous experience | in another line will doubtless have furnished a , him with quotations appropriate to the pre | sent circumstances. For example, how would this tag from Wotaey's last speech in "Henry VIII." meet the case : " This is the state of man ; to-day he puts forth The tender leaves of hope, to-morrow ' blossoms. And bears his blushing honours thick upon him. The third day, comes a frost a killing frost ; And, when he thinks, good easy man, full surely His greatness is a-rlpenlng,-nips his foot. And then he falls, as I do." The Toowoomba "Chronicle" is greatly concerned to prove that the Government vi: tory on Saturday Is no victory. Our esteemed contemporary assumes that the elections, were so arranged as to make a return of thirty-three Government supporters possDole, and then argues that the twenty eight actually secured are of small account, since file of them are Independent Ministerialists. No doubt the Opposition candidates for Drayton and Toowoomba would like tonsilitis something of the soil. They live in hope of a political catastrophe, in which they might go about picking up unconsidered trifles in the way of portfolios and " such." But the fates are against them. The electors at that end of the Downs will do well to return one at least of their members as a supporter of the present Government. They will then be sure of keeping in touch with the best of what is going, and need not feel eternally lost in the cold shades of Opposi- tion. It is not fair to a fine centre Uko Toowoomba to be cut off from the sunshine. 