The Duty "We Collect. To the Editor.—Sir,—Sir Samuel Griffith's address on tho Commonwealth Bill having been practitjally adopted by the Government, by publishing it as a State paper, it is open now for free criticism on the part of opponents. Permit mc to call attention to some of tho glaring fallacies therein. On"common tariffs and revenue Sir Samncl says, "It is a matter of common observa , lion that any revenue tariff, whether its framers are actuated by protectionist prin ciples or not tends to produce an equal contri bution per head from the same population." Sir Thomas M'llwraitn eays, "It is assumed tlmt the same tariff will produce tho same amount per head of population in each of the different colonies—this assumption is very far from being a fact." Which is true. Queensland revenue from customs, tbc same tariff aud tho same people, has in the last two years risen £15U,<iG0. What is the clear deduction? That the ability of the people to purchase is the gauge of the proceeds of customs taxation. The improved commerce and returns, the up grade, in fact, of the colony, beingvery fairly represented by the improved revcuue." Sir Thomas is right, Sir SamuePiMis.sump tion wrong. Sic Samuel also says, "An excise duty on cattle is hardly conceivable; but if imposed it would, being uniform, not affect Queens land." Another - very hasty assumption. How do the facts stand ? Queensland, 500,000 population— Cattle, 5,571/292. at fid. .. .. £130,282 Sheep, 17,552,608, at Id. 73,135 Total ,, .. .. £212,417 "Victoria, 1,200,000 population— Cattle, 1,533,900. at fid. .. £4-5.847 Sheep, 13,160,943, at Id. •« •• 54,920 Total .. £100,707 Or according to population Queensland would pay .. Ss. 0<1\. per head Victoria .. ♦ •• Is. 8d; per head Sir Samuel admit* there would bo a loss on intercolonial duties: Xu 1891 tha amount received would be about £100.000, but now ho assumes considerably less. Why I do not know, " but he. thinks that a moderate excise duty on sugar, with a certain expansion of railway receipts as a conse quence of intercolonial frcetrade, may reasonably be expected to moro than m:tko up this deficieucy, apart from other probable prospective increases of revenue."; This latter is very vague. Considering, however, that the cost of the railway service increases by about two-thirds this increase of revenue therefrom would require an incrcaso of £160,000 to increase our actual available savings or earnings by £oU.030. Apart from this consideration, however, to a common business man like myself it seems most absurd to abstract revenue from a department so necessary for the development of Queensland to be kept in the highest state of efficiency, and already admittedly crippled for waut of material, to spend it ou the high salaries of functionaries, who could not in any sense of the term bo' said to be assisting in the development of bur •Yours, &c7; RocKiiAA£TTOS\ June 24. The Hon. John Ferguson, M.L.C., yester day forwarded a cheque for £100 to tho s^crciarv of the local Federal League in aid of the feuds. A conference of delegates of tho various central leagues was opened yes terday afternoon. . Sydxrt, June 23. Tho Premier (Mr. Reid) has received the following cahle from Earl Carrington • " Hurrah! Warmest congratulations." Tlio Archbishop of Sydney says the allegation about the secret conspiracy of the churches is ridiculous. 1 The final result of the federal referendum inNew South Wales will bo known on Satur day. So far the returns are: Yes,' 10G,S30 ; no, S2,273. . Sydxkt, Ame 24. The majority for the Convention T3U1 yes terday was 24,573. Melbourne. June 23. Politicians who are anxious that tho final federal steps should be hurried on, suggested that Lord Beauchamp might bo temporarily appointed Governor-Generalof the federation.' Sir Georgo Turner deprecates tho idea to . rush the final stages of federation. In his opinion July 1, 1900, will see the accomplish ment of federation. Melbourne! June 24. The Age in an article yesterday ridicules ~ tho cool assumption that Sydney possesses tho ghost of a preferential right to tho Federal Parliament; and Mr. Raid's pretentions to tho federal Premiership, also are ridiculed. Th a Age, while admitting the radical errors and •/ blots in the proposed federal constitution, con demns as petulant any agitation now to remedy tbem. ^ Adelaide, June 23. r Parliament was opened yesterday, when . SirJcnkin Coles was installed as Speaker. The Governor's speech included a special reference to the acceptance of tho Common- - wealth Bill by South Australia, the ma jority vote in New South Wales, and the adoption of the Enabling Bill in Queens-< land, and it added, 41 My Ministers consider • r that federation is now as>ured beyond the possibility of defeat. No time will be lost in asking your assent to tho necessary ad »♦ JTcxt to federation the Government places in order of importance tho reduction of tho Council franchise, and notice has been given of the bill. r pEETir, Jnno 24. The "West Australian .Parliament arc 16 in favour of and'25 against the Convention Bill. - .•* Pehtil June 28. In tho Assembly yesterday. Mr. W. James asked the Premier whether, in view of. the result of the referendum in* New South Wales, he would take steps to fulfil the promise made at the. Premiers1: Conference, and if: so, what steps would ho take. The Premier replied that aa .federation had not been made a political party question in any- part. of. Australia it would he improper to attempt to mnko it so in West Australia, but when the Coramon ncalth Bill, as amended uttboPremicra* Confer* cnce, had been accepted by all the dependencies in Australia, he won d be prepared to intro duce an Enabling Bill with a view of provid ing for its submission to tlie pedple. Mr. Gcoriro Leake, as Leador of the Opposition, gave notice that he would move at tho next sitting an amendment to - the address.in-reply to thi.-< effect, 44 We rcgrofc that his Excellency's Ministers havo given no assurance of their determination to submit the Commonwealth Bill to the people." 