SUIT OF OLD CLOTHES. By DIrgycVE s CGOVAX. Every one in Edinburgh knmw Mr Jacob \Vcst, if not by name at least by his pecnliar and old-fashioned style of dress. Heo woe a very broad-brimmoed hat. madu eupecially for hi.n,ada.kgreen coat with boam buttons, a waistcoat of shepherd tartan, dark trousers, and light gaiters, and this costnmo he nevor vried, smnmer or winter. When he walkoed in to the "rocoption room " in the Central, thereforo, andaked for me. I promptly turned to him and lnghingly smid • Good-morning, Mr WVest-you are the last man I should have rpected hero." "LRight, Mr ??'Govnn r" he promptly remsponded, with a lookoef relief. " Now, beforle say a word to you just tell me if vou think I am a madman or one who could do a thing without knowing he had done it T' I besiatet, for though I had no donubt as to his sanity, I nevertheless thought him, like most old bchelors, a little eccentric. He was a clear eyed man of 5, clean-shaven, and grey-haired almost to whiteness, with a quick and decisive style of speech which gave the idea of a mind equally reedy, but there is no say ing what a peson living alone roy do, mo I ahuilled a little. " I thinkyuareno more mad than I am," w my reply; "but that may not he sying much, for Kmr M'ovan has often hinted that I am not quito right in the head." " Humph I" he emphatically grunted, "just like these detestable women-with them it's always the man that's mad, never themnelses- and it's so inthi cee. My housekeeper, after being with me for ten usIrhes robbede-yir, robbed ma and now coolly adds insult to injury by yi?g that I did it myself i-myself I" ha added, stamping about in a ra~g, and thumping the floor with his silver-topped cpne. "That's whore the sting comes in; that's what has roosed me and brought me here. 1 might have bornethe robbergy, hut not the insult--oh no, not the insult !" "UBegorra, ye're right there, surti ?'Sweeny hastened to observe with a g niflicant glance at me. * When another man thinks he's better than you it's time to strike out a~ not lave him a ftether to fly wid." " All my caps and coins and Queen Anne silver g?one, with my King Qeorge medal, weighing about four ounces " grened West, t~king no notice of my chum's reman- "I would rather she had taken £200--they were worth more tome. But you willget it all back for me, Mr M'Goean-they mgy yen er s ery clver-and I believe the very sight of yo will scare her into confesingand dis guging. It is quite imomrible that I could be nt the iheare andathome cery .tgoffmy orn property at the sme time, isn't il" "Yes, unless yon have a twin brother who dresses exactly like you," I la-h inglyrepliud. I have not a relativre in the word~,' he promptly asured me, "iand no one dresses like me, so the woman's statement is absurd. Here is a list of the thitngs t?ken so far as I ean remember them," and he produced a closely-written paper nearly as long as my arm, and handed it Stome. "Ifitwere an ordinary thief I should r that yon might try the anti quarian dealer for the plunder, butlIfeel sure that my housekeeper has it all svtwed awa mn her trunk." "Faith, that's what I think too, yer honoremphvatiolyoaeredM'Sweeny. "Them womena i shlippery cratrs,and always does the thing ye don't exent ow them-when ye luck for a is they ve ye their nails, and when ye uInk for their nails, they falls on yer neck and hims ye all oor •"Thenbyyou remeoning the woman mu ste h nooeent," sharply retre west. M'Sweeny looked staggered, but promptly answered: "Divil a bit of omanoning in it,yo honor, except that I think the Jerabel ?ilty.~" "Did she lookguilty when you aensed her I" I maid, for my suspicions Ern in another direction. ",io, thats the mystery to me,? re turned West. I was amazed at her pesitence, and made her go orer her tory again and agin, and it never vaied. She ays that about an boor after I wen to the theatre-that is abont eight o'clock -I came iak and mng the bell and was let in by her, carying a carpet bag in my righthand. I never do ring the bell, by the way, but use a latch-key, ao that's her first slip. I walked ateight in, without speaking, ahe says, and she went tbck to the kitchen. She heard me movingabout in the parlor for a little, and then heard me go towards the front door, and came to the kitchen doorto look out. lwasajost going out with the bag in my hand, packed full as it appeared, and she aid, *Will ye be long out? bnt I banged to the door without answering, and never appeared till nearly twelve o'clock. Did you ever hear such a cock and boll story?' "Did she say anything about it, then i I asked. "Not a word, and as I had had spper I did not happen to go into the parlor till this morning, when I found my enrios all gone-excep: the copper ones-confound her! except the copper onec-they were ah left." " I should lie to see this woman," I said, a he concluded. " Begora, so would I," added M'Sweeny. "I'd not be half an hour wid her before I'd soothe her out of the secret." " Well, you shall hare your chance," I said, with a laugh, " ahould she not con fess when I go out." Thus sottling the method to be fol lowed. I took down the list and accom panied Wes: back to his little cottage at the Sciennes. It was but a four-roosed house with a tiny garden in front and a small green behind, but I noticed that thu ase in which the curioa had been kept oonld be seen qucit well from the street onteide. 5omE br-s- and copper articles, though reaIy as valuable 03 thio eile? ones, had been carefully sh=nrned by the thief, thus proving tha.t ho was not a collector but a rery igmrant criminal, with an eye ounlyv the uelting-p,A. I had the houeSekeoier calledl in, -ud hare to confei s that her appsara?ce rather plesed me. S'Io woas r plina looking woman of abo~it 315, bnt had nothing sccretive about her oxpression and she repeated the story of the rob bery eactnly a?s her master staed it to mc at the Central. f'How did you come to admit a stranger without question in your ma ter's alcence 1n I quietly asked as she concluded, when her face flushed up in diouantly. d?I didn admit nae stranger." she sharply aswered. 'It wae MZaiste WVest I let in." "But-but, my good woman," I gently persisted, raisiung my hond to stop a furious barst from West. "Do you not see that it was quite impossible that your master ould he hero andin the theatre at the same time I ne went there wzth a friend and had supper with the same man, and was not near thehouse till Snearly midnight; besides, it was dark at eight o'clo, so you must have been mis taken.5 "Deeo yo think I'm daft1" smid the hounsekeepor anily. " It could only he him or his ghost, and r'm ne believeor in hosts. Nobody else is dressed like Rather an awkward pause ensaued, then I mustered courage to sy : 'I suppore yo h?ae no objection to my seeing w hat yo ve in your boxl" "·There's the kay-I want yo to search through it to clear my character," she rer promptly answered, with an indig ant look at hermasterand as she tossed down the key, which sheo had been holding ready in her hand, I.mentally whistled forthe plunder, for I certainly did not expect to get it in her trunk. We went in solemn silence to her sleeping place, end she pointed to the box, which I opened, while her master stood looking on with great eagerness. There was a good stock of dresses ,and other clothing, and a lnmk- book containing entries to the amount of nearly .£60, brut not a trice of the stolen ncurios, I searched every pocket and also the pockets of some dresses hnmging close by, and then returned the key. I then as e?refully searched the whole house, and also the garden and green, but in the end was convtnced that the plender was not in either. When I was finished West followed me to the gate, and anxiously inqunirel what I thought "'Well, I confess I am pnnlod; but I am inclined to believe that woman inno ?ent," I soothingly enawere&d.; He gave a Serce grunt, and turned away is ~rage . -Wat's the name of that other deteo ti:eIsawat the omcoI" he sappihly exclaimed. " Bernsard Sweeny." " UBmph, he's a much cleverer deteo ti?e than youa I" " He is not without cleverness of a kind," I politely answered, " and he often su?ceds best where ho blMunders most? " Ay, let him have a chance to blunder in this case, then," grimly orderd West. "'I wantsome blundering of that kind. You anre far too clever for meo." "I do not feel any cleverer than other folk, and never profess to be," I wearily replied. "All that has been said to the opposite effect has been said by other, who probably know nothing about it I rather think this is a ca eof clever ijr personation." " Bosh I o one could personate me," he grntly answered, and he snatched off Ihis huge, Qusher-like hat and added, S"There's not another hat like that in Edinburgh I get them made to orier. " Like enoSugh, but the man who could sopply you mould supply one of my buims," i ouliogy answred.d "Ifyou were a thief and stood here looking in at that case filled with silver and gold, you would not let the want of a hat stand in the way, wouldyou nl" He seemed staggered. and abated his wrath a little, and fmally took me to a hatter in the centre of the city, from whom we learned that he at least had snupplied no one with such a hatas that worn by West, and all the other hatters we tried made the same answer. Ont of pure contrasiness 3'Sweeny Spersisted in believing the housekeeper to be the thief, and insisted that she was (only feathering her own nest before leaving, and he seemed to be confirmed Sin this opinion bythe fact that she hod that mornmmg given West notice that she would leave his service at the cominm 'term. M'Sweeney also gave it as his opindion that he himself was capable of worming the soet out of her in Hblf-an hour, o we decided to give him a chance At my request,Mr West wrote out a note to the housekeeper, which he handed to SM'Sweeny, and which mad as followrs: "Dear Sir,-Plese clh on me on lriday night about 8 o'clock. If I should be out, wait till I come. J. W?asr." " I shall be out till ten o'clock," said Sthe bsehelor as he handed over the note, "which willgivyou twofulhouso t do I the work." S" Faith,less would be miles too much," aid M'Sweeny, whose confidence in his power of bewitching the fair sex will never leave him on this side of the gr~ve. "If any mortal m can multarer the secret out of the Jezebel it's me." "Doso, and you shall not be without your reward" was the grateful reply,and though West had been so shore with me, it gives me pleamsure to record that in that saying, at least, he proved a tue prophet. The utce, howeveris a sealed book to maost of us, so M'Sweeny went to the Scdennes that night with a light step and an erntant heart There mwas no other servant in the house, so the door wasopened by Jane Shepherd, whe looked a? him very spiciously, keeping the door onthe chain. "'el' called to see Mr West, and Pm to wait if he's not in,n M'Sweeny began, fixing her with his fascminating eye. " He'es no in," aid the housekeeper, dnbiously, "He said a gentleman mieht casl, bat he aid noethin ahoot a nnu like you" " Sure, me darling, an't a Jewel-case maker be a gentleman," said M'Sweeny, still keeping his eye hard at work. "I'm to make a jewel caose so strong that thaves can't get at his treasures, but by the core of my heart there's one jewel here that I'd like to carry off wid me though I am transported ever after," and his hideous ansmile and red mat of hair and bristles did their usual mgic, for the womansoftened and simpered and began to nmdo the chain of the dcor. "Then you're a thief in disgais?" ahe said,pretending to be otill doubtful of him. "I'm not, but, begor, I'd like to be, id you forthe jewel," he said, with en thusiasm "But i'm thinkin' ye're too well off here to take a plaee as houoe keeper for life to a darent jewel-ease maker." "Ou, as to that," said Jane, with a acerw of the month, " sis place is nc thing to brag o', and, though I'm 0 past, there's no saying whet micht happen if that sald deevi o' a maise kepe op his tanr-ums. He's daft, fair daft! and aye the aulder the aunr 1" "'Ye don't ny so, me Jewel ?" rympa thetically responded MlcS-weeny, and, as he wrs now within the lobby, h tooJk ad vantage of her shutting the door to k?ios her very neatly. She screaned a littie, of coarse, and slapped his face trith some ene~r7y, but toa case-hardened sinner hIke him that was nothing, and they pzased on towards the kitchen the best of fierd. She "So 45 if n.be was a day, but e woman ioo neer 1o old ro to giee up thikieg of .r?.-oge, or to daubt its teing bhtter thrn a single life, and this one ha!ed this viit aa perfec godsend ander the circumxtancezs. cSteeny was notr a bauty, but he a was h; and ateorg, ;ndo tha.t wos a good deal to a wm.man whho 6l not been ren after for 15 years. "Thcre's your eater's letter, me dar. ling," he eial when they reached the itizoe anad got crmfoer?tbly seated, "' ansd the lonaer hc keepe nzwy the hap ph?r '!1 be," and he kiied her again, arnd w !a les rcsitted thaa before. " Ye're jit jokin'," he poutingly rs marked, "and men are asuch deceivers." "Someo may ho, mo darling," he I promptly admitted, "'but 'm not wan otI that kind. I never kissed a woman in my lifo before, and I couldn't keep from it this time if I'd been shot for it !" "Get aw' wi' ye i Yo never vsaw me before," cried the housekeeicper, affecting to scout his story, but in her heart be lieving evrey word. "*Haven't I? leg?or fifty tima- washin' out the dare steps there and eingin' like a lark in the doss of the morsin'. Sure when I msaw your white arms, lred to the elbows, workin' at thim steps, I lost me heart ontoirely, and saya I to mesolf says I, * That's the lass for yon; yo'll nuver know a minit's pice till yo get that woan r'" "Eh, ye're an awfu' man I" she pro tested, in a flatter of pleasure. "'m sure i'm raeel ugly I "That's a matter o' tast, me jewel ye'ro a beauty to me, and that's every thing," soid MelSweeny, with so inwared writhe, as he pulled on a look of rapture, and in this way he filled up a good half hour till the housekeeper so far unbent as to podneuoacold joint left from the dinner and some bitter ale, which she set before him, and which leSweeny had no scerplo whatover in wolfishly devouring. While he feasted and drank, Jano poured forth an account of the strange robbery, and McSwceny was surprisend to find that it tallied in every detail with the account already given by her to her master and "'If be gangs on that way mucklo longer I doubt Ill no be long her," esh said, with a eauggestive sigh. *"'vo saved a pickle silkr, and I'm no behauden to any master." "Orb, don't begin apakin' that way, for it's ood asyin' yell ten op yer nose at a poor man like malf cried McSweeny, between his Ehugo mouthfels, with an attempt at a heartbroken look. "Maybe yo think I want somebody able to furnish a house forme ?' "fIIont, ye'ro na?e better nor yer nee hea," she playfully responded, with a tug at his red bristlem "and £60 wad gang a ?g length in mrishing." MeSwoeny' jaw fell a little. If 10GO was all she possessed, whaht had she got for tho £l00 worth of curios stolen from her master I He began to think that she was deeper than he had givern her credit for. "Sixty poundlst Sixty gold sore reigns " he exclaimed, with forced rap tnre. "Me jewel, it's a fortune!" and heesopped gorging to geive her two greasy ' Aye, and there's maybe mair than t.?t," she said, with drDopin= eyes and a soft blash. " Ye don't tell me so," aid MaSweeny, now ertnin that he was on!the point of getting at the information he sought, and he so far denied himself as to posh away his plate and got his arm round the gentle gszello to encourage her to confess. "* What might it be now, mavourneen e" " Hi.hi Idina lke to tell ye," she coyly giggled. "It waa some presents I got ance when I was-was thinkin' o' get tin' married.h" "hMore powr to yo! sMaybe it was gold and silveri" softly suggested M'Swerny. SOh, betterthanthat !" she hlshingly whspered, with her head sinking on to his manly crt collar. "Good for youI" he rapturously re sponded, though he thought that nothing moId be better than gold and silver, especially in the form of curios. "Yo neodn't be keepin' it ascret from me, darling' " It's blankets and sheets," she slowly confessed. "and-and-I dinena like to tell ye." " Sre, ye must tenll me, or how can I trost fo I" he pleaded with several iases and hugs. "Well, it's-it's a cradle " she blurtetd out at last. 3I'Sweeney gave a horrible start for he was terribly disappointed, but mranaged to conceal his ain saficntly to sy, in a uggestive tone "Sre, a crdl'sveryosefal inis way, butts there anything in it?' iHe meant, of course, the stolen curioes, bat the housekeeper's thosghts had been elsewhere, for she indigeantly started beck and smd "What dae ye mean, airn° "fothing, me d.arling-nothing ?t all; but I thought that maybe there might be in it a little treaare, as a body might He did not gei the blunde?ringsentens finished, for Jane had started up and edged towalds the sink, in which was a bean of dish water. " And ye tk' me for aneo o' thai kind, dae ye ?"she cried, in a shrill tone. "A treasure in it-sa wee treasummrel" and before M'Sweeny could stammer out a word of apology she snatched up the big basinof dish water and dashed it into his fae. "3re sweetest jewel, it's all a mis t~kel!he oaredtaggering tohis feet puffn and blowingndsying to get the horrid atoff out of his eyes sn ears. "The treasure I meant was gold and silver things, like thim that was tuck from your master. "Oh, thats watarI thenye'tak me fr a thief, dae ye T' sae screamed, and then she an at him and tore out a big bandful of his red hair, and at the eame time deftly removed some strips of his face with the nmil of the other hand. Retaliadon was impossible undetr the irenm ncso so M'weeny madI~ygroped for the doer and made a dash along the lobby. The outer door was dosed, and before he got it open the enraged woman had made another te'ride wrench at his hair, which nearly dislocated his neck. Thenh got ot into the open air, and had reahed the g't before he remem beredtbathewas halo iehesitat for a moment whether he would go on without a hat or torn back and face the hoseheeper, but while he stood in doubt the door opened, and his hat came pmning out into his face, and then the door closed with a bang, and was doublc locked and chained from within. " Tare an' uns. bhut I don't envy the man who gets her," was his age comment as he picked up his hat, and smoothed out ic cre3ses. "Begorra, a little of that goes a great way!" and he sadly returned to the Central to report "no progress" A day or two later I wos in a broker's ohop in the Cowgto lookng over sone veft goods which ho tnt jo t ooght when in tu.ning out the things a slige silver coin rattledontothe floor. I tookit, and finding it to be an ancient. one I asked where he got it and why its puechane wa not entered in his books. He profseed to know nothinog about it, b-t when 1 threatened to take him writh me he ad mitted th-t he hadi bough: it and some more from a man named Duve Diamond. Diamond I knew to be a smart thief, who on that accont was known a " The Cutler," boo the myatery was an far a? ener from soluticn till I found that. Danve .as Iiving with on old mtn who made his licig by buyineg old clothes, and in hnot ing up tht: ld man I unexpectedly cnamo pon a c:aue to the secret. The old clothes man li'ed in a ricketty land in he Inorse Wynd, and taking 3I'Sweeny with me a-nd panting him at the bottom of the afr to prevent mistakes, I woen no to inter-iew "The Catler." That was at about eleven o'dlock in the morning, andc of coure, Diamond, hav-ring been drinkiog hard the night b?ecfore, ~a ti!! in hod and I had him handeuffed before he was propry acwake. In one corner w?rs a great heap of old clothea which the old c:othes man clnimed as his lawful promerty,andamonogt them l found a complete suit and a large hat, rather halbby and worn, hbuat identi?c~a with thao need by Mir ViLt When I questioned the o!d man as to ow there articles came to bh in his poee-ion, he swore that he bad booght them in the ordina-y couroe of horinem from West's houtekeeper, and this statment was afterwards proved to be, oorre?t. I helpedl "The Cutler" to drcas, and in d2i:g so rclievdc hi~n of one gold ncd?)al, weighiog aboveo foder oances.w och ho had clot hnd thehlreart to part with, and that was identified by Mr WeVt as Ihis property. Diamond at first disclaimed all knowledgeo of the heavy gold piece, which, he asserted must harve been alipped into his treoseo' pocket by some evil-disposed person, but a low qnuetions to the old man clicited the foot thatn on the night of the robbery Diamond bed gone ont mosqeradinng in Wcet's old ooit and hat, with the addition ef o grey wig berrowed from GCile'o ahow; so he thought better of it, and confesacd when he erached the Central. Through his confosciona I was able to recover more thantw-thirds of the stolen curios, and West, when he got the heavy gold piece taken from Diamond's pocket, al most wept with joy. I havo certainly seen a recovered lost child cauos leoss emotion. In eonaideration of his con fession Diamond got off with six months' imprisonment. L'Swccny got off with some valuable experience, and though he was invited hack by West's housekeeper, he only shuddered and shook his head. 