Musical Jottings. MISB MARIE NAKELLE'S benefit ccn cert in Sydney took place last nigh'. RANQIUIA, the Maori musician, con tinues an attraction at the Sydney Saturday night Pops." Miss MAUD MCCARTHY will arrive in Sydney about the end of the <IID: th ; her debut will be uiade iu tLo Town Hall on October 18. ANOTHER music*! prodigy. Miss Bella Fuxon has been unearthed at Bendigo. She is a. pupil of Miss Rochester, and iu only 15 years of o«e THE first Eisteddfod in connexion with the "City of the Plains " was opened on Wednesday last by the Mayor. The adjudicator in the piano forte selections was Mr. G. de Cairos Rego, the musical oritic of the Daily Telegraph. This Eisteddfod ought to be a success, as Bathurst is populous enough to 'send a goodly number of competing musicians. Thfe aes ion extended over three days. AVON SAXON, the robust baritone who played the part of Friar Tuck in «'Ivanhoe," and lias recently re turned to London after a long South Afrioan tour, might have done well as a " strong man " if be had not pos sessed other gifts I have seen him (writes a correspondent to MA.P.), whilst lying on the broad of his baok raise a full-grown man, who stood on the palm of his hand, a foot in the air. THE de«th IB announoed of Miss Lilft Clay who acquired -popularity by the formation of a ladies' orchestra, which, nnder her conductorsbip, be came a highly efficient body. The novelty was well carried out. Miss Clay's orchestra was associated with Beveral dramatic productions, and by being brought into the ball-room scene formed a special feature of the lengthy run of " La Cigale" at the Lyric Theatre in 1890. Miss Lila Clay was a thoroughly accomplished musician. On one occasion Saxon was singing in grand opera in. Melbourne. The "ghost" had not " walked " for some time. Matters came to a crisis, and one night Saxon gave due warn ing that he would not go on without bis salary. His oue was '* Here comes the Count!" from the chorus. The excited manager rushed to the bari tone. " Do you hear yonr cue, Mr. Saxon," he cried. " Here oomes the Count!" "Guess not," WBB the reply, " the Count don't come worth a cent till he gets his salary." Nor did he go on until the manager's hundred guinea gold watch was transferred to his pocket as security for payment. TOPLADY'S inspiration for the hymn < Rock of Ages' was brought about by his taking refuge from a thunderstorm in Burrington Goombe, between two massive piers <>f liroesto e rock ; and, there and then he penne I his famous hymn while waiting for tbe storm to pnBR. This .is the-beginning of the hymn as Toplady originally wrote it:- ? ? Bock of Ages cleft {or me, Let me hide myself in Then; Let tlie water and the blood. From Thy side a healing flood. Be of sin, the double cars, Save from wrath, and keep me pure. THE recent ontcry by Amateur Operatic Societies against the imposi tion by Messrs. Williamson and Mns g'rove of double royal tins upon all operas nnder their control t'as " drawn " a dis rciaimer from Mr. Tom Pollard that he had any hand in the matter. He says : "A curious impression is abroad as to royalties, and I have been accused of being antagonistic to amateurs. So far is that from being the case that I have often encouraged .them by lending them wardrobes, and'scenery. Really I am in the same position with regard to royaltif-s as they aie. ' The agent collects bis full due from me, even to the last | euny. No, as far as amatuers areconcerni'd, they have my best wishes. Tbey ,are a jJoirj-iDii of the public to .hm 1 Htn thankful lor generous patronage." . A rocNG gentleman witli the strung** name .of Marlieipske has Uncovered a stronger profession. JELm ib an' expert on tba tin whistle, and. is especially fond .of rendering ."If You Want to Enow the Time Ask a Policeman." There is a leg nd that be is subsidised by London constables to tbe extent of a penny a time to go and play this tune to the annoyance of other constables. MADAME Celinski, the well-known pianist, sued a Hillgrove publican for dander the other day, and though she bad a great many reputable witnesses to substantiate ber case she was non suited, as tbe evidence adduced on her aide was regarded as insufficient to prove that the defendant was the user of the remarks complained of. ITALIAN papers state thai not long seo, at a social - function where Mascagni was among the guests, a young violinist had the bad taste to p'ay one of Mascagni's compositions with variations of bis own creation. The latter were inappropriate and inartistic, and jawd upon the ears cf all. The performer elided his' woik aud made bis way to Mascagni, doubt less exppctiog a word of recognition or praise. Mascagni said nothing, and the |ilajer finally asked : " I hope you recognised that piece ? " " Certainly "; Mascagni promptly replied : " It was r piece of impudence |" WITH reference to the recent English opera season, an English paper notes:-Seventy-one perform ances of separate operas have been given. Of these "Faust" heads the list -with eieht reptesentntions, 'Lohengrin' follows with six, 'Car men ' has bad five; ' Aida' has been performed four times, ' Ca^alleria' fivn times, ' Die Walkure' four times, ' Don Giovanni' tbrea times, ' Fidelio' once, 1 Der Fliegende Hollander' twice, ' I P«gliacci' four times, ' La Boheme' fonr.. times, * Mess aline' three times, 'LBS Hugaenots' twice, ' Lacia di Lnmmermoor' twici, ' Romeo' five times, ' Tant.hauser' five times, 'Tristan' four times, ' Norma' twice, < Ero e LeanHro' once, and ' Le Chalet' once. That was the total sum, and, take all in all, »t Vkfts a wonderful achievement. On the whole, tbe stage-management has done better than in any recent past years. THE eingers were the chief draw backs of the London opera season; but that is always the way. They disappeared like Bnows before a sadden sunshine. Jean de Eeszke fled, and left. nobody immediately to fill bis place. Therewith, the syndi cate found Saleza. There can be no doubt that Melba remains the supreme wonder of singers to the niind of tbe public, Alvarez bad one big sue cetiB aud Jean de Beszke's 1 Tristan' has been an amazingly fine as ever, although he has not stood upon quite the romantic height of former seasons. Van Dyck has Lad succuss; and of tbe newoomerB Mrae. Gadsky has made a capital impression. Telegraks from La Guayra report a signal success by the revolutionary troops under General Castro over the forces ot General Andrade, President of the Venezuelan Republic. Castro took 2000 prisoners in the battle. THE death iB reported from America of Cornelius Vanderbilt, tl e well-known New York millionaire, , at the age of 56 years. The Cause of death was paraly sis of the beait. It .is estimated that he leaveB an estate worth £25,000,000. IT ia said that 'Cardinal. Moran entered his 70th yeat on Saturday. 25 years of bis life were spent in Home whither lie wf ntat the age of ,12 with his Uncle, afterWardh Cardinal Cullen, whJ was rector of th . Irish College.-, The United States Government, in reply to the Italian demand for an in demnity for the four I'alian subjects who *ere lyached by an Amerian mob at Tulul'ah, in Louibiana, in Jnly last, has Hgreed bb ''an act of courte-y " to pay 500 dollars (£100) iodemn'ty ior each o( the victims. AT OdeRFa, the chief Russian por' on tbe Black Sea, a very friendly demonstration of welcome was aade when H.MfS. Melita, a sloop of 950 tonp, belonging to the Malta Btation, . isiied the port. The officers of the Melita were cordially entertained, and the health of the Queen was drunk by tbe Russian officers with enthusiasm. The Melita, proceeds to Sebastopol, the entrance to was blocked by the Russians at the commencement of the Crimean war, hut which has been for yearn clear, though the Melita will be tbe first Rr'tuh tihip to enter since that war. TO DABKEN GBKY HAIR. Looktkb'b Sulphub Haib Rihtoref in the quickest, best, safest, and cheapest, Loefc .e*'s keep* off raviurcs of time, cam. jg Hair to giow. Choap Luv« Bottles. 