TUR MERCURY. HO HART: FRIDAY, NOV. 24, 1899. EPITOME OF NEWS. Receipts at St. David's Fair, £202. Launceston tin quotation dropped to 21/ per unit. , Silver, 27d. " ' London tin quotation, £129. Boers about to bombard Estcourt. Boers still advancing towards Durban. New South Wales Patriotic Fund now £4,286. S xih Army Division about to mobilise at Aldershot. Kimberley garrison made another successful sortie. Boers compelling peaceful Germans to swear allegiance. Military reinforcements enthusiastically Tanian of names"," received at Durban. Ballarat raising patriotic fund for the Victorian contingent. Steamer Waiwera has arrived at Port Elizabeth from Albany. Boers have raided stud farm, and lifted blood horses worth £15,000. Melbourne wool market has recovered from them, orary depression. An anonymous Australian has given £10.000 to the War Relief Fund. Mining agent named Charles Weston shot himself dead in Sydney yesterday. British forces on the western frontier steadily advancing for a combined movement. American Consul in Cape Colony has arranged for cash advances to Pretoria prisoners. PriiicoLouisNapoleoiideniesthntheevor intended or desired to join the Boers as a combatant. Premier of Queensland is considering whether he will or not carry on administrative functions. At half-yearly meeting of Block 10 Co. held in Melbourne yesterday, most satisfactory report submitted. A motion in Queensland Assembly accepted by Government as no-confidence motion defeated by majority of one. Lord Brassey has telegraphed'! to Lord Salisbury the condolences of the Government and people of Victoria on the death of Lady Salisbury. Cresswell, an inmate of the Parramatta Lunatic Asylum, has again been medically examined to remove doubts as to his identity with Sir Roger Tichborne. Royal Commission on Education in Victoria recommends that the depart | ment should not be entirely subservient to political influence, or under control of single Minister of the Crown. In the Legislative Council yesterday, New fishery regulations, were tabled. Also a proclamation against importing swine from Queensland. Hobart Marine Board Gratuities, Main Roads Maintenance, and the Dividend Tax Bills were carried through all their stages, the operation of the latter being confined to 1902. Several bills received from the Assembly were read the first time. Hobart Water Bill considered in committee, and progress reported. Jury Bill read the second time, considered in committee, and progress re- ? ported. A further amendment made by the Assembly in the Great Midland Railway Bill was agreed to. The Council at 10.25 p.m. adjourned till 4 p.m. next day. In the House of Assembly yesterday, The Minister of Lands gave lengthy information as to the importation of railway stock. Mr. Archer was granted a fortnight's leave of absence on the ground of urgent private business. Also to Mr. Leatham, member for New Norfolk, on the ground of ill-health. - Several bills passed their final stages, A clause relating to Maria Island, and another in reference to land claims at Kelly's Basin were added to the Crown Lands Purchasers Reinstatement Bill, and the measure then passed its final stages. Council's' amendment in Local Bodies Loan Bill agreed to. "On the Road Rate s Aid Bill the usual debate took place on the proposal to alter the system of distribution of the subsidy, but eventually the present mode was agreed to. Alteration of Salaries Bill, some changes were made in payment to Legislative officers. The University vote was, after discussion, fixed at £4,000. The Recovery of Costs Bill was further considered in committee and reported to the House. - The House, at 11.10 p.m., adjourned till 4 p.m. next day. These is no accounting for the extraordinary manifestations of crankiness in the human mind, especially in the minds of those who regard public affairs from a religious point of view. As we have often had occasion to say, the priests and the parents are the worst of politicians, a fact which Macaulay has called attention to in several of his essays originally published in the Edinburgh Review. There is a curious resemblance between these critics of public affairs and those of the Morley type, who are that religions at all, but whose judgment seems to be narrowed in the Fernie way from other causes. There is, in fact, no possibility of reasoning with these persons, because they give. one series of facts an undue importance and weight, while they pay no attention whatever to another Bedes. Dr. Johnson, for example, was a man of strong common-sense in many ways, but he was full of prejudices, and us obstinate against a fair judgment in respect to some matters as it is possible to conceive. He found no difficulty in believing in the Cock Lane Ghost, a simple swindle by a silly servant girl, but he positively refused to believe that there had been an earthquake at Lisbon. He would not credit for a moment that there could be any foundation in fact for the alleged ancient poems ascribed to RUSSIAN, but he was quite ready to grant that the probabilities, in favour of second-sight were very great'. We might go on at much length cating examples of the inconsistencies of men of eminence, not to mention vulgar prejudices and mistakes, but the History of Popular Delusions has been written, and contains facts which the most lively imagination of a romance writer could hardly have conceived, or the most skilful narrator made to appear credible if he had conceived them. These curious things ' are, however, constantly brought to mind to-day by the references to the Boer war which we find in various quarters, some of which are so perversely out of via e and out of reason as to cause us of wonder how they could have been imagined, even by minds which are narrowed in the groove of dogmas, or which have but the faculty of seeing one side of a cane and no other. We can conceive a BaioitT or a Cobden holding in their days that the Balance of Power in Europe was a more delusion which had no meaning for Great Britain, and that a war about it was got up in the interests of the Tories in order to give them importance and their relations a career. In reading history, we may reach the conclusion that their views were narrow, false, and impossible, but still we can understand why these views prevailed for a time as a protest against doctrines which at one period Memes to set the interests of a reigning family above the interests of a people. But, we confess that we do not understand, and can hardly imagine, how some of the critics of the Boer Question have reached the conclusions which they have expressed. Some, we know, amongst whom was no less a personage than General Wolseley, believed that there never would be a war, and nothing is more surprising than to find how widely this opinion prevailed. It was common to a whole class in Great Britain, it was common on the Continent, as the belief was that Great Britain would not fight, and it was held by Mr.SciniEiNEfi and Air. Hofmeyr at the Cape. The Boers seem to have deluded a great many people by their constant professions of a desire for settlement, but after the war has been begun by them, after they have shown their hands, made plain the one end to which they looked from the beginning, it is almost absurd to read that some clergyman in a Presbyterian Assembly proposes to have a day of prayer and humiliation because the nation is engaged in an unjust and unnecessary war. Certainly, if ever a war was just and unavoidable this Boer war seems to be one. Its justice has been so often demonstrated that the evidence needs not now to be repeated, and it will suffice to say that it is a war against the grossest injustice that ever one set of men inflicted upon another. No one doubts, as Mr. Asquith said quite recently, that the right of Great Britain to interfere to protect her subjects from glaring injustice and ill treatment is derived from, inter- national law, and that all other considerations may be set aside. There is not to be found even among the rabid French papers, which rage against Great Britain as a counterpoise to their degradation in connection with the Dreyfus affair, one which does not admit that the Out landers were tested in a most outrageously shameful manner. The inequality of taxation, a direct violation of an express condition of the second Convention, is enough to show this to be the case, and yet a parson, or a priest here and there, can see no injustice so long as it is committed against Great Britain. As for the necessity for the war, we have but to consider that Great Britain did not begin it, and that we know that the Boers' plan was to take the British forces by surprise, in which they succeeded to a certain extent. Of course, if there is a priest or parson who holds that the Boers should have been allowed to march over Natal while the British argued the case, their position can be understood, but if they do not mean that, then they have no clear meaning, at all. Indeed, as far as we can see, they are superior to the facts, and far too self-satisfied to condescend to reason. The first Bishop of Victoria used to hold that the gold-fields were another proof of the wise ways of Providence, for they were opened at a time when the British people wanted an outlet, and they led to the foundation of a great colony. Indeed, he held that the direct and collateral benefits of the gold discovery were so great as to enable him to justify the ways of God to man," on which subject, perhaps, we need not say more than he has said already. But, if we reflect what the opening of the II and, Kimberley, and other mines means for S mtli Africa, we shall see a manifestation of change which will exceed all that the world has experienced, perhaps, in the course of history. Freed from the incubus of the Boers, who have proved themselves to be brutal, corrupt, lying, bigoted, and haters of all but their own race, South Africa is certain to become a very land of promise. The Israelites reached no such land as this, nor had they the means to develop it if they had reached it. If we but consider that there is room for several Vic- torias, including dozens of Ballarat, Bendigo, and inland Melbourne's, jve shall get but a glimpse of the future, and this it is, which this war is going to throw open to the world. Provi dentially, let us say, the work falls to Great Britain, for only under her direction and supervision can the work be done, can communities form themselves spontaneously, and order become as natural as disorder is in other places. If this alone is the result of the war, it wants no justification. We need not consider technical pleas or words in a Convention, and a great region is not to be left in the hands of those who will not use it, and who deem that they can close it except so far as to open it as may suit themselves. Surely the finger of Providence is visible in all this. The decision of the Government not to interfere this year with the established basis upon which the aid to Road Trusts is distributed did not prevent the advocates of a different system from having their annual ding in favour of their theories. The debate was as unprofitable as usual, simply he cause there was no valid explanation why the State should retire from its present standard of assistance, which is that the Trusts shall first of all help themselves in a substantial fashion before they ask for anything from the general revenue. The weakness of the opposite side could hardly have been better illustrated than it was by the member for Brighton, who sympathised with Trusts which would not rate themselves up to their proper requirements, if there was no State-aid to bolster themselves in addition ; another scale imagined by the name member being that the State should recognise the effect of the market rates on producers, and estimate people's power to pay taxes by the money they get for their fruit "or other crops. Either ground is, of course, quite untenable, while the selfish plea of the representative of the wealthy residents of Evandale, perhaps, had even less sympathy from the House as a whole. Mr. Evans was a standing reply to the grievance mongers, as he quoted the influence of the present rules on the Trusts in the Queenborough district in making them respond in the first instance to localised from their own pockets, while Sir Edward Braddon held that it was the richer districts which did not do their duty, and not the poor ones. There was further evidence of the same character, and eventually the Government proposals were carried. We believe that the present Ministry has decided wisely in resisting the appointment of a Royal Commission to report on mining legislation, for we have never yet seen any good arise from the verbose reports and long winded dissertations in which such bodies delight to indulge. Indeed, we could name certain Royal Commission on Mining in Victoria, whose Reports were the laughing stocks of the whole colony. In any case, we are not aware that these Commissions have done the least good, though they have given nieiiibciHof the Legislature the liberty to roam about the colony and lavishly spend the public money in what they called " expenses." Nor have we ever seen any good come from what are called Mining Conventions. These are usually composed of a number of persons who are possessed by all sorts of facts which they propound with a great deal of I ardour, but which do not in the least help towards practical mining legislation There ¡ is only one way in which the work required can be done, and that is by a competent Munster getting all the facts together and he ought to be abundantly supplied with them-and framing legislation to meet the wants thereby disclosed This assumes, of course, that the Minister is able to grasp and marshal the facts, able, so to speak, to see the law within the law, and then frame legislation which will meet the case This is, no doubt, asking a great deal of a Minister, and this colony has not seen one for many years capable of doing the work, with the consequence that the official heads are really the persons who suggest and administer the laws The whole business is, undoubtedly, in a very loose and unsatisfactory condition 1 at is stated to us seem to show that a Minister has granted privileges to some which he lives domed mothers, while the car forcement of the labour clauses is said to be like kissing, to go by favour the present Minister of Mines has announced that he means to be a sort of Spartan in his office, but he will do well, we think, to carefully consider the whole of the facts before he takes action Above all, he must take care that he is not " get at " Whether any Minister ought to have such powers as are given to the Minister of Mines, is a subject to which he will do well to devote his most serious consideration Important as the imposition of a substantial tax on entire animals is in the eyes of the agricultural population generally, and breeders of stock in particular, here will be considerable sympathy with Ministers in the predicament they find themselves in regard to it. They are handicapped by the proceedings of their predecessors in two directions. In the first place, the rates of imposts proposed by the ex-Minister of Agriculture for the possession of bulls and stallions are felt to be totally inadequate to carry out, the purposes required, because an inconsiderate owner would not object to paying the small sums set down by the late Minister as the penalty for owning good stock and mongrels alike. On the other hand, there is a difficulty in regard to the allocation of the money, whatever sum it may be, raised from the owners of stock, a point which was left unsettled by the late Government, or which was rather soft worse than unsettled, because there is more than one claimant for the fund so raised, each of whom asserts he has an official promise in support of his contention. Another point which has influenced Ministers in deciding not to proceed further in the matter this year is that the date fixed by the bill for commencing operations is the first day of January next, so that very little could be effected under it in the interim, even if it were passed into low. In all the circumstances therefore it is felt that it will be better to let the matter alone until next year, and then commence it afresh, on the strength of the experience which the new Minister of Agriculture will by that time have gained of the working of this, perhaps the most difficult of all its' many departments, and which he will be able to give his colleagues the benefit of One hope held out that the mischief wrought by straying mongrels may be mitigated in the interval is to be found in Mr. Woolnough's Bill for the amendment of the Police Act. If the straying of entires about the roads and streets of townships can be prevented under the new Bill, one great source of present mischief will be cut off at the spring, and thus one side of the movement in favour of taxation will be met. The other side, the promotion of breeding the better classes of stock, must perforce wait until Ministers have leisure and opportunity to deal with it This Wkkk's " Mail" Illustrations. -The present week's issue of The Tas-, mania Mail contains some more pictures connected with the Transvaal war, one being a reproduction of a British Cavalry charge, and two smaller blocks showing a typical group of burghers ready For commando, and a party of Boers at rifle practice. The portraits show Mr. Jonathan Best, the member elect for Deloraine, and Miss Crawford, matron of the Queenstown Hospital, and there is also a representation of St. Fursaeus' Convent School, at Zeehan, and a reproduction of Mr. Benjamin Shep- pard fresco painting in St. Joseph's Church sanctuary. A comic cut, Secret," completes the week's series. Tub Christmas " Mail." - Prepara- tions are going forward satisfactory for the Christmas issue of "The Tasmanian Mail, which will be published on December 10 in time for postage to friends in the other colonies during the holiday season. Die coloured picture "Pat-a- Cake" will, of course, be agreed, feature of this Christmas number as usual, and there will be the customary supply of good Christmas reading of all kinds. Agents are reminded that the latest day for them to send in their orders for extra supplies in advance will be December 5 Nelson, Moate & Co.'s Teas acknowledged to be the best Christmas Numiikhs.-Onr first instal- ment of the usual supply of imported Christmas numbers is appropriately headed by Pears' Annual, which comes to us with the others from Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, of Melbourne, through Mr. -T. L. Hood, their local agent. From the pretty face on the elaborate lacework cover to the' typical bath picture at the end it is a work of art and excellence, the story being by Max Pemberton, " Crown thee! King, profusely illustrated by Mr. Frank Dadd, of the Royal Irish Academy. The great reputation of Peats and their publications will be enhanced by the simple beauty and completeness of this the latest holiday effort of the firm. Three large coloured presentation plates accompany the number, entitled respectively, Shoeing the Bay Mare," "ADaughterof Eve, and Summer Glory," a varied trio of subjects which would take a lot of beating. The Christmas number of Black and White has two large companion coloured plates, which are speaking in their action, the titles being " Cornered " and " Unconverted." The number itself has a splendid collection of stones, illustrated, of course, according to the custom of the day, and with some coloured cuts interspersed which help to give the special Christmas issue a popular tone. The Christmas number of the Illustrated London News has for its coloured supple- ment a line plate, entitled, Late for School," which is sure to be popular on the wall wherever there are children. In this there is more good illustrated reading matter, and amongst the other pictures is a series showing the difference between the manners of the present and the last century. A hint for a new game, "The Tourna- ment," is rather unpromising for the young men of the day. . NHTTLEFOLD'S. CkNTUAI. BOAIIDOK FIkALTII OF TAS- MANIA. Hobart health return for the week ending Saturday, November 18,80. (From information supplied by Mr. K. M. Johnston, Registrar -General.) Deaths registered from influenza, 3 (equivalent rate per annum per 1,000 living, SWi); typhoid fever, 1 (1-28); septic diseases, 1 (1-28); phthisis, 1 (1-28); old age, 4, (5-11); all other causes 7 (394). Total deaths, 17(21 70). The mean death-rate for the last five weeks has been 18-61 per annum per 1,000 living. The mean death rate for the corresponding five weeks last year was 17in. Nklnon, Moat& Co.s Teas sold by all grocers. A. Tasmanian Flautist. Master Harold Sheen has returned for a short visit to his home in Hobart, after a year's absence in Sydney, where he has been prosecuting his musical studies under Mr. Lemmone, the eminent flautist. Master Sheen will be remembered as a promising young musician, and that he is fulfilling executions is evidenced by the testimonials he has received from Mr. Lemmon. Advantage is being taken of Master Sheen's visit home' to give him a complimentary concert, and arrangements are now being initiated. 'I be public will, therefore, have an opportunity of hearing him before he finally enters on a professional career. He is deserving of recognition at the hands of the Hobart public, as he is proving himself a creditable addition to the ranks of Tasmanian musicians. Mrs, Benson and Mr. Haywood, the City Organist, are both taking an active interest in Master Sheen's performances, and arrangements, in connection with the complimentary concert will probably be left in their hands. INFLUENZA. We are putting up remedies which proved so successful during former epidemics, and the demand] is unprecedented. The two best remedies put up in box, ready for post, II; post free, 2/3 any where. Single bottles, each. Full directions given. "Platypus" Eucalyptus Oil best to destroy Influenza Germs. In bottles at 16. H. T. Gould & Co., 71. Wmbetb-efmt, [Hetark. I Whitney of the Mai ok His Worship the Mayor (Alderman J G Davies, ! M G A ), who has been absent from the colony for the post fortnight attending a meeting of the Federal Rifle Association in New South Wales, returned to Hobart last evening Mon vin Al di km Ame El 1 cr TON The Major of Hobart (Alderman J G Davies, M H A ) announces by advertisement that nominations will be received from November 30 to December 4 for the election of three aldermen to the Hobart Municipal Council. The retiring aldermen are Messrs C Kerr, W Smith, and S Benjamin If more than three persons are nominated, a toll will be taken at the Town-hall on (December 7 but KIMI' Councils full Court will sit at 11 o'clock this morning, when an application will be made on behalf of the Oonah S M Co to set aside the verdict on len cd up in the case of Nolan v the Oonah S M Co Cm Police Court - The Police Magistrate (Mr B Shaw ), and Mr O S Seabrook, J P , presided yesterday William Bates, labourer, was fined 10/ and costs 7/0 with the option of 14 days, for dis turning the peace in a place abutting on Sackville street Harold Bisdee, squatter, was charged with having on November I), knowingly travelled on the Government Railway with an expired ticket He pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr. W. W. Perkins. Superintendent Pedder prosecuted. Mr. Perkins said defendant did not deny that he travelled on the ticket, but there was no intention of de- frauding the Railway Department. He bought the ticket at Melton Mowbray on the 9th inst, with the intention of coming to Hobart on business. Afterwards he was reminded of the holiday, and that he could not transact his business on that date. Hence he postponed his visit till the following day. For the prosecution, M. A. McGrath, stationmaster at Melton Mowbray, stated that defendant called at the office on the afternoon of the 9th, and asked if excursion tickets were being issued that day, and on receiving an affirmative answer inquired if similar tickets would be issued on the following day. Witness replied no. He then said he would take one. The ticket was duly issued, and 50 paid for it. Witness reminded him that he would have to travel the same day with the ticket, to which defendant replied, " I'll risk it." Two other witnesses were examined, and defendant was found guilty, and fined £1, and costs £1/10/7. Glenorchy Police Court.- At this Court yesterday, before Mr. H. S. R. Wright (Warden), and Mr. E. J. Baynton, Js'P., Lyndon Hanson and Ernest Hanson were charged by Sub-Inspector Bateman with the larceny on the 18th list, of three bundles of green fodder, the property of Mr. T. Hallam. Lyndon Hanson pleaded guilty, and Ernest not guilty. The charge was proved by Mr. T. Hallam and Sergeant higgins, and the accused were sentenced to one month's imprisonment, execution to be suspended on the accused entering into a recognisance of £5 each to be of good behaviour for 12 months. An order was made against William McKay for payment of 6/ per week towards the support of his child. Hobart Benevolent Society's meeting of the Hobart Benevolent Society was held yesterday afternoon. Mr. G. S. Seabrook presided, and Messrs. J. Baily, G. Kerr, T. B. Mather, and G. Riddle stone were present. For the week ending November 23, 235 families had been relieved. This number comprised 05 men, 227 women, and 350 children. Three new applications for aid were received. Presentation A pleasant ceremony took place last night at the Technical School when Mr. A. E. Middleton, instructor of the engineering class, was made the recipient of several engineering works, presented by the students. The presentation was made by Mr. Arthur Swift, one of the senior students, who, with a few well, chosen words, thanked Mr. Middleton the books, Mr. Swift expressed their high appreciation of the way Mr. Middleton has conducted the course of studies during the year. Mr. Middleton had, he said, assisted them greatly in the various branches of engineering, and it was due to him that the practical part of which they engage in the day time was made much more interesting and beneficial. The instructor suitably replied, and thanked the students for such a very useful gift. NETTLEFOLD'S" ThEATRE Royal This evening, at the Theatre Royal, a dramatic performance of tragedy and humour, entitled Queen's Eui dence, will be given by some of the leading amateurs of the city. The scenery has been made a special feature, the mechanical effects of the loch scene- being very realistic, and we feel convinced the public who visit the theatre this evening will have presented to them a very good show. The object of the entertainment is on behalf of the funds of the Southern Tasmanian Ci ticket Association. They deserve a bumper house. Nelson, Moate & Co.'s Celebrated Tjsas. Rest value obtainable. St. David's Exhibition and Fair There was an excellent attendance again yesterday at St. David's exhibition and fair at the Town-hall. The stalls were replenished, and a good business was done. In the evening the Filibuster Band, conducted by Mr. T. W. Hopkins, discoursed a pleasing selection of music. The altar cloth worked by Mrs- R. Walker for Bagdad Church was much admired. Also the carving work by the competitors in this department of the exhibition, together with some of the pictures. On Miss Bromley and Miss Evans's still some point and other lace worked by Mrs. Dodds, and lace work by Mrs. Chozku (from Teneriffe), Misses Marshall, Counsel, Dickins, Ellis ton, and Rouse excited considerable interest among the ladies, much of this work being especially good. Articles for sale were also sent by the following ladies identified with posts Governors of the colony Lady Fox Young, - Lady Gore Brown, Lady DuCe, and Lady Hamilton. The total amount of the takings was about £70, which, with £102 the previous day, made £202. NETTLEKOLD'S. Accident at the Lachlan On Wednesday, 22nd inst., a rather serious accident happened to the seven years old son of Mr. Townsend, of Lachlan. By these means he fell an the blade of an axe, cutting his abdomen and severing one of his ribs. He was brought to New Norfolk, and the wounds were attended to by Dr. Penny. When buying Neuson, Meats W Coats Teas, see name on each packet. Sensational Bolt bolt of a rather sensational character occurred in the city last evening, but happily nobody was harmed, except the owner pecuniarily, as the runaway resulted in the smashing of his vehicle. At 6 p.m. a horse harnessed to a chaise cart, owned by Mr. Moses Ward, of Davey-street, was left standing at Garden-crescent by the driver Arthur Hogan, and bolted to the wharf via Ellboden, Davey, and Murray streets. The wheels of the jciiTt became disconnected at the corner of Davey and Harrington streets, also the body of the vehicle, the horse continuing at full gallop with the shaftsdanglingiiehind it. On reaching the wharf the brightened animal was I stopped by two wharf labourers named Edward James and William Bates. NETTLEFOLirS. Parattah Hotel Co-The ordinary general meeting of shareholders in the Parattah Hotel Co. will be held at Parattah on December 1. JunE not the following offer legs by the small space occupied. They contain the essence of truth-facts boiled down-brief but dependable statements of great value. Ask to see our Holland Overalls, nicely trimmed from 1/0. Another parcel of Ladies' White Washing Belts 6d. each. Why the buckle's worth the money. Hurry up li you want one. We keep people moving inward, and goods moving outward by moving prices downward. Have you had a Blouse Length of our Fancy Muslins, the correct thing, 1/0 the length. Id's the come again customer we want. Have you been up to out fitting room to see Miss Sugden yet? If not you will have to do so at once If you want your costume by Christmas. She is a great favourite, and we are taking orders by the dozen. Now, gentlemen, buy one of our Shirts; take It home, try it on if any fault, real or fancied, bring it here, and we'll buy it back. Safe and sure, isn't it? Haven't been asked to buy many back yet though. A. E. Plaistuh & Co., the People's Drapers, 95, Elizabeth-street, Lloyd's-build- ings. Important to Ladies. Jute opened, at Pool's Boot Palace, a big shipment of ladies' American boots and shoes the latest up-to-date styles; 20 different patterns. These goods will be sold at the lowest possible prices for cash. J. N. Pool's motto, small profits and quick returns, cash only. Pool's Boot Palace, and Pool's Cheap Boot Mart. JUST LANDED, from the warehouse of G. B. Kent & Sons, London, a consign- ment of Hair Brushes Tooth Brushes Bath Brushes Nail Brushes. These goods are of the very best quality, and marked down to lowest prices. J W. TOPLIS, PHARMACEUTICAL CHEMIST, Annie Liverpool and Elizabeth streets, Hobart 