MISSING FRIENDS. WHAT has become-of the Grerald-. ton Chamber of Commerce? IX seems to have evaporated just as mysteriously as the £900 from the Perth post office, or this secret naval budget from the Portsmouth depot. As the Gerald ton Cham- ber ot Commerce has, an the past done a lot of good work, its disappearance is a mattei for regret. Whether it has gone for all time, or not, is not ascertainable. Bat it is known that no rneetings are ever held nowadays. ~ l f rae f • the Secretary notifies members .when the time for meeting comes round but these notices might just as well lie tailor's bills for-all the attention that is. paid to thein, No one ever attends a meeting, and the sad legend. " No quorum," to be inscribed upon the blank page in the minute book. It considerably over a year since anything like an effective gathering of the Chamber took place The last time the Chamber gave any ^evidence. of animation was when the Anti-Leonora Kail way agitation was agog- la those days it used to explode periodically with a loud bane that was emin ently gratifying :*t© the district, and, it was hoped, awe-inspiring to "the Government. But when the excitemient was over the Chamber must have wandered up on the sandhills to cool its fevered brow, and so lost itself, for it has never been heard of since. The surmise has been hazarded that the Chamber is still in tbe town, bnt that it has to sit Up o' nights and dangle the wakeful offspring, and is consequently too tired in the day time to attend to public business. If such be the case it is a pity that spme new members were not secured who, if not very enterprising m the matrimonial line, migbtat least display a litde more " Fo*" in public affairs. The statement is often made that members fail to attend, meetings because .no important, business ever comes up for discussion. But this bogey will not beat investigation. A meeting was called last week to consider the" following subjects :—1. The amendment of the Bank Holiday Act. 2. The non-appointment of a successor to Captain Winzar. 3 The plans for entertaining Lands Minister Throssell during bis visit (not then postponed) to the district. These three matters were all deserving of the serious attention of any body of men that purports to look after the interests of the town. Yet only one solitary member of the Chamber put in an appearance, and he, after leaning disconsolately against a verandah post for half an hour, took his departure in disgust, vowing that draught horses. would not drap him to another meeting. x But the truth is that the Geraldton Chamber of Commerce appears to take an erroneous view of its functions. To wait until business falls into its way is surely not a commercial practice. The successful man creates his own business, and an institution which is supposed to- be intimately associated with * trade should undoubtedly be managed on the same lines. In this respect the Albany Chamber of Commerce is a model for all similar bodies throughout the colony. When the Albany Chamber had fought its hardest to prevent the transference of the mail steamers to Fremantle, and had been defeated, it did not give up the ghost, or lose itself, or become tired, it set to work to counteract the effect of the loss of the mail steamers by opening up the country around Albany The result of this activity is the coal and copper|prospecting boom which has set in at the southern port, and which promises to bring it lasting benefit. But the truth that business must be created is self-evident. Awaiting it, however patiently, will not bring it. A body that lies low most of Its time, and theirsuddeoly becomes galvanized into activity when it finds a screw in the Government crane a trifle loose, does not present an indisputable warrant for its existence, and cannot justly claim any official recognition. As before stated, the Geraldton Chamber of Commerce has in the past done admirable service, and has carried -considerable weight. It is a pity therefore to find its prestige waning through its inanition. It is in slack times that the capacity of a business man is tested to the utmost, and the Chamber could not obtain a better opportunity than the present* for justifying its existence and winning the applause and confidence of the community. Is there not a patriot in its ranks that will initiate a regime of activity ? 