PA'S GOVERNESS, (Au> Hints RrsbxtoO I Of course, Miss Wade wm rea»> u % Inverness, that is, sho was engaged to tesoh ' mo, but It was Pa who engaged herso I call her his to distinguish her. from tho others whom Ma had chosen. Oh ! how I wish he would always leave tho choice of ono to Pa. but she never did, excopt that onco— and that was I hrough an accidont— and I'm . quite sure she never will again. It ' hap oened in this way. One day oarly in Juno, my sister Maggie, who is married.' telegraphed for Ma. The telogram oitme while ho wore at breakfast, and as wo live at Brixton, sho had to hurry to catch tho ten»bbirby from King's Cross. " William you must go to Skilbury's for me," said Ma, as she was hustling about getting ready Skilbury's was an agenoy for the supply of governesses, and Ma bad written to about half-n-dozen out of the hundred or so who had applied for the situation and told them lo meet her there that morning at twelve. 11 All right, ray dear," replied Pa, calmly —nothing ever puts Pa cut. " Am I to cn gage ono of the young women'or put them sfl with fair words till h more convonient season ? " 7 " I don't know whether X can trust you," said Ma doubtfully. " I aupposo 1 must though or Eflie will bo running wild whilo I nm away, and tlivrjo is no telling how poor Maggie may need me/ Mind, I don't . want one who is too young, or years oldor than 1 urn, or hideously ugly and 1 won't pay inoro than fifty. 1 know you'll chose I ' the least , suitable of Hie lot, but — well, du try and use your common sense for once, . and inind you loll Mr. Skiihuty to mako tho agreement terminable al a monl h'e notice." When Mr. had gone, L'a looked ub Uncle Fred, who lived with us arid chuckled. ' E.fiie, my deer,' ho eutd, u 1 can't walk into tho Gorgon's dun nil alone and un protected. Von must conic with raeZ Lot ' mo see, I must go into tho city first. Fred, get your boots on. You and Miss Madcap had belter go down too. You can cool your heels and- improvo 'your minds -ittsido St, Paul's for an hour or so till I'm ready for you." Uncle Fred at that lime was po.liotloss # and indiffcroi.i. (hat ho ulwnys did whatever anybody told uim lie had beon cngnged, \- and the girl had inurried someune uleo, so of course lie fnueiod hfs h( ait woe broken, hut even he couldn't help laughing at the way Pa went on as we rode down to Rlao\ . friars on tho trnm.. I don't think 1 quite understand Pa ' I upposo he and Ma lovo eueh other— t hoy .aught to do, nsihoy imvo beon married / nearly five and-twenty jeurs i but whon . ever Mu goes away Fu hohavee like u school boy Homo for a holiday— liko tho sort of schoolboy'you read about in bonkc, I moan —not the stuck-up oolemu things you see at tbo pantoniiino trying to Jook us if it bored them, i o Incl not had a holiday— I mean Ma hud not hocn uwuy— fur along time, aod ho was woiso thun ueuul that day. , lb la no good trying to write down tho things ho6uid. Foe one thing I can't tcmembor them, and for ifhother, most of Pa's jokes aro liko norntod waters, spark ' . lingapd refreshing when ho lots them off, but flat and insipid afterwards. Half the fun of them is in Ids rxpresrion when he makes thousand no ono could ever per .euudo him Lliut a man ought not to laugh at his own jokes. JVp laugh js catching though, and long befoio we got to Black . friurs Uncle Fred was laughing too. because Fa said that perhaps auiung the Imlf-dozon Jano Eyros-l'tt calhd all my governeiees Jane' Eyre— ttieie might be one who would bo a cotisolsliun to him. \- For eome time after Pa left ua Undo Fred v remained clieerful. Ho ireuted mo to ices . and some lovely eweets, but when wo were in St. Paul's lie relupscd. nnd Mood so. long staring at Wellington's tomb, and looking a if lio tfiahed ho wero under it Lhat j was quite glad when Pu eutne and took me ofl loSkilburyin-alianeom. . "Delighted to make your acquaintance, Mr. WilkltiB," said Mr. Skilbury, when Pa explained that he had come instead; of Maj i you will pardon the torm, hue long "Been one of ray roost . esteemed- clients. This I suppose,' is the young' lady on whose behalf myeorvices ; ae— or— sliulj we spy a winnower of the uhext from tlie'chafl ?— ure required. Ah, well, well I-'.Mator pulchia, flUu pulchrior,' I . realty bog your; pardon f my tongue rune . uwuy with me ub times. If vou will kindly step this way, Mr, the first of tho selected andidates sliull be with you in a moment," He eaidtdl this vory fosbespecially the latin port of ir, and 1 think he must have . moved es quickly as he spoke, for he had \- scaroely dosed tho door of hia private offico upon us," whon ho o|.oned ib again and . announced " Miss Wade," before Po had \- even time to finish telling mo what he thought of him. " He aeoms u queer old—," was all Pa had said, when tho queer old whatever it wad came 'hack. I fear Mr. Skilburv hoard him, and I know Miss Wade did, for as she took a seat, she looked at mo with eyes so -full of fun, that 1 couldri'c h'olpHmiling at her. Then alio smiled back, und Pa caught . her. in tho act, but ho didn't. soom to be vexed. ' Good 'morning, Miss Wade." he said, smiling himself. "These aro your testi . moniois, I believo 7 Verv satisfactory, I'm fiiiL'o. You ask fifty pounds a year, don't . you ? Good ; we shan't quarrel about that. You are at present disengaged ? Yoiv good, yer— y good indeed ! Effio; my dear, .T think you and Miss Wade will get on well together, oh ? " .. u Oh, yes, pupa," said 1. Miss Wado was jasb lovoly, and Iier eyes .seemed, to be | laughing all tho time, so I renlly meant it, .though I thought it was very rilly of Pa ' to oak me such a question for I o aildn't bave anid ' no," oven if eho hud been the grimmest of grim old horrors. w That's ull ritfht t lion," said Pq. "I \- - hope Miaa Wndo is of the anmo opinion." 8ho said sho was, and to my g.eut delight Ptt engaged her without oven scoing any'of the others who woro waiting \ "You'vh not been long about it , William," said OneloFied, when wo touched tho pluco \- wboro he was waiting for us. - M No, "my boy," replied 1'a. "There was > need to liesibuto. Old Skilbury trotted out his beat goods first 've onguged.u. Mius Wade. Sho's - " Tqen i?a erhiaperod, am almost sure he euid » riilunnbr.' \ Unolo Fred laughed, and V . told ..Pa to mind ho didn't get his hair . combed, by which', ' I suppose, lie meant he OOght Ma might be vexed bccauso I'a \- M ofamon Mias Wails wlbhouii aeeiug any - J body dw, thsfhl uuuHrt ses why sW should be. Miss Wade was nob bldeetsljr ogly bat very pretty, and It tweutytwo lo rather young for a governess, eho had had plenty of exporienco, as abo had boon in no fewer than eix different aituatlons in four yean. Sho had splendid testimonials, too, and never aeemod to bavo loft through any fault of hor own, 1 read the copies ebe had sent ua whon I got homo, and they made me feel quito eorry for hor, beaaueo always as eho was settling down, some accident hap pened, and sho was turned out One lady was very sorry to part with Mfsa Wade, and only did ao because she was sending her girls to sohool. Mies Wade hud leftanotherfumily, which esteemed her highly, because the boys wero looving school, and there wasn't room for a resident governess in the bouse ; and a third lot of , stupid peoplo went abroad, and, muoh as they thought of bor, couldn't manage to take her with thorn. " Never mind, dear," thought I. M Ma won't send mo to sohool, and we are not at all likoly to go abroad, ao, If I Uke you as much as I think I shall, you have found a placo at last which you ought to keep for eome years." 1 did liko her, too, even better than I expected. She came the next day, early In tho arterhoun, and tbo first delightful thing I found out about her was that she played lawntounia beautifully. v Somo of our neighbours stick up note on the most ridiculous little patches of grass, but there la plenty of room for a full-sized court in our garden, and both I'a and Uncle Fred are very fond of tho gamo— ouly Uncle Fred boa pretended lio doesn't care about It since lie was thiown over. Pa waa coming home at fivo that evening, and 1 wan to ask one of the girls next door to come in and make up tho set ; but as Miss Wido aald she plajod there .was no need to do that. "Obi I'm ao glad sou play," said I. ' Would you Uke a game now, just to get used to the lawn, ready for this evening ? " I Asked hor that, bocauao X know by pnm fut exporienco how often girls who seom to think rackets wore made to hold behiod their backs, and show off their figures, say they can " play " lawn tennis $ but I felt ashamed of my artfulness when she gave me a good beating. Wo hsd only one set then, because Unolo Fred, who has plenty of monoy and doesn't du any' work, came out when we had finished, and began to compliment Miss Wado on her play. I was surprised, for ever since Mns Parkinson jilted him, Undo Fred huhiddon himself ot- has gone ofl somewhere, whenever any grownup girl comes to tho house and 1 suppose it was my surpriso mndo mo introduco him in euoh a siUy way. Oh 1 Miss Wade," I said. u This is Unole Fred." It was very foolish, bscaus ne is Ma's brother and his surname is Fowler, bub it didn't much matter for though Miss Wade called him Mr." Wilkins, tho mistako led to u laugh and a lot of nonsonse about sur names and christian names, and niok- names which put trim and Miss Wade at their ease directly. Pa stored when he cauio homo ud found us all having tea out in the garden and he opsncd bis eyes still wider when Undo Fred told him not to waste more time than he could help in getting into his flannels, as Miss Wade was an enthusiast, and had been eager lo. begin for the last quarter of an hour. 11 How do we play ? " asked Pa when he waa ready. ' Mis Wade and I give you and Effie fifteen," replied Undo Fred, who seemed quite keen on the gamo.again. We beat them, but oh 1 that set was herd work. Pa plays a ball very well— whon he can get to it— but he is lather stout sod very lazy, so when I 'am hie partner ho makes me run all over the court, and calls rae a duffer because X can't bo on both side lines at unce. It really Isn't fair, and he doesn't expect his other purtnore to be all legs and wings. For instance, ihub ovenlng later on, Miss Wado and I changed over, nnd then it was ': "Nover mind, Miss Wade. Pray don't over exert yourself. Remember it's only a game after ull. What we mis to-day we'll take tomorrow. Renshaw Umself would never havo reached .1 hat one." In splto of Pa's unfairness, I enjoyed my game and waa almost eorry wheu'dlnner was ready though I was fearfully hungry. Any time is dinner timo in our house, , be cause Pa Is so irregular in his Irnbb e. . This evening it was oight, anil 1 don't think I ever enjoyed a dinner more. Pa was.in tho highest spirits, end even Uncle; Fred showed no Bigns of relapsing into his habitual gloom. . . Anyone would havo iboughc<Miss«,Wado was Pa's favourite niece instead of tho governess, he eedme&&>nnxiou8 to>pleaso her. Our usual familydrink Is boer but Pa Insisted on what ho calls " broaohing " a bottle of ohsmpngiio, in honour. of Mlea Wade's arrival— or rulhor.-ns Ma- was away there was uo-necd for liinvto-insUb; he just had to fetch tho bottle from>tho collar and open il. After tlinnor. wo had fome musloi. Miss Wado played tho pinno-qulte as well as she (lid luwnteiinis, -und sho -sang- very nicely too, nol siupid classical things, but lively ballads, such as 44 Twickenham. Ferry" and 14 Cherry Ripe." Unclo-Frccl can sing , —he used to bo always, singing, when ho was ongaged— arid that- evening he began again. . When we werp tirediof music we went ont; into the garden aqdj jsat. undee'af tree Aiid: talked'.' After a, while Undo Fred said to was sure M to Wade w.ould, catch, cold, if sho sat still, any, longer- and' ha made'such a fuss thsf, thougl|ic was worm eoough, and I Isnow.shq wasn't, really frightened, she got up nnd.wolkqd.boub wibh him. I lliuurlit ib wns rblior. cool of unelo Fred, to monopolize Mfsa; Wado like that the wery first oyoning but bwos so- tired of.sesiing him going about looping over tho falwmoee of that Mi?s Parkinson,, that I. felt I could -forgive him hie selfishness >f ho found Mies Wade's company was anyiconeohufon to him, . . f It was euon evident thatiho.did find It a very great conbolotion. Out of lesion hours he never luft us. For tho first wook wo< pluyotl tennis every afternoon, except twe daje.w.hcn it ruined, and ihori beiread aloud to us whilo wo worked. Then Jio began to tako us out. We wont for drives, we went sp ike river and down the river, to.Madnue Tuusaud'e, to tho Zoo, Hyde Park. West minster Abboy— everywhere, in fact Miss Wado had never been in London bo foro, nnd It was all new tu her. So word the llioulrcr, but wo didn't begin going to iliOAO until she had bocu 'wilh'tu nearly three weeks, -and then Pa always went too. He said be-dldn't see why we should have all-the fun to ourselves, while he was slav ing away in the city. Tfaat was one day after we had rowed up from Teddington to Hampton Court, and didn't get book till nearly ten ; bo, to keep Pa in a good humour, Unolo Fred suggested that we should all go to Ihe M Audacity," the next night. 4 We went, not only to the (< Audacity," but to another In the same week, and to two more tbe week after Pallkea theatre-going and so do 1 f but this was an inusual treat for roe, as Ma doesn't approve of too muoh of it for young girls. Then Ma came homo and spoilt everything. She came quite unexpectedly, too. Wo had beon to the 11 Ambleuifey," and were having supper afterwords. Pa ' had 44 broached " another bottle of ohampagnq — why, I didn't know though I guessed— and we were all very merry when In came Ma. Fa was facing the door and saw her first. Ho stopped short in tho middle of drinking Miss Wade's health, and looked like the pictures of men who aro eupposed to have seen ghosts. 14 This is a very pleasant surprise, my d ar," he said to Ma, who stood iri the door way looking very angry, He smiled as ho spoke, did Pa, hot bis smile reminded me of the boy next door, who once smoked a.pjpo to show off beforo me and one of his sisters. Ma took no notice of him, bnt came forward into tho room, with her eyes fixed on Mies Wade, as if ebe was fascinated by her. Unolo Fred rase und offered her - a ohair, but she waved him back . ' 44 Nob at present, thank yo.u, .Frederick," she eaid. 'Pray, where is Miss jVado, and how ie it that she has allowpd Effie to bo present at this— er— festivity ? " 44 Why, Ma," I pub in, 41 Ibis-is Miss Wade, of course." 44 Oh ! Indeed 1 " said Ma, looking very much astonished,- though I had described Miss Wado very .'carefully in my letters, and had said besides that shouldn't look a bit like a governess. 41 1 am very glad to hear it. Under the circumstances, madam! naturally assumed that you wero the — er— guest- of my hus band or my brotlwr. But, no doubt, you have nob yet been made acquainted with tho rules of the house. One of thom is, that Effio never stays up after ten with out my special -permission. Effie, go to bed." I kissed them atl,.and went— but not to' bed. I wouldn't'do such o thing now, of course, bnt I -waaonly fourteen then, and the temptation wob very-strong I loft tbe door just a weo bit ajar, stopped outside and listened. 44 Fred. I believe Maria thinks we are entertaining the Queen of Sheba," began Pa. 44 My dear, I assure you this young lady really is Miss Wado, whom you com missioned mo to engage at Skilbury's, und of who8e arrival you were advised by letter of tho eighth ult." I gueeoed by the- toneof his voice that Pa was trying to joke, bat Ma said very seriously " I can quito believe chat, William. Perhaps yod will explain howyoa have beguiled Miss Wade into thinking that such— er— dissipation as Uiis wns per missible for hor pupil.". \ 'Well, the fact is my love,-" explained I'a, 44 Fred and Miss Wado are thinking of trying a little experiment in matrimony, and this littlo jollification is in iionourof — of well the signing of bhe treaty of alliance, s ib were. We have all been to the 1 Ambiguity,' and, accordingrto my custom on thesu special . occasions, Jt broached a bottle on our return. X— I really think tho host thing wo can do is to .broach another in iionour of your safo arrival, my dear. Fred, your, lege are younger tlion mine, und you know tho bin — Undo Fred moves quickly, so L stayed to frearpo more, but rau awuy upstairs' before lio camo out.' I don't know exactly what went on over that second bottle, bat Ma imuethuro softened' good deal, for n» the moniiug sho wos quito friendly wilh Miss Wade, who Btayud wilh us until sho' und'uncie Fred were raariicd a fortnight later, I don't think, (cough, that Ma really liked hei, 'because after tbo wedding she was quito ongrv with mo for saying that as I'a nnd 1 had made such a splendid choico, we had belter go f to Skilbury's togother: oguin. ; . .. W)«n -3 told P»,.and asked binrwbat Ala's objection ! to Mies Wade, could poiwibjy be, ho kutghied, and suid bo'sup ixtecri Mu thouglu. she was too good loukiug for it governing. .That,, of course, was his houisensc! ' because, though a. govecnosfe's Ifc-okn nciV ipnltor roucb, any: body would cutui.-nilv ptofer a'pretty one,- und Aln lieraif hnc¥< /Ririd<r>|ic wouldn't have jon ugly one. 1 What undo- Ah» coino homo so un- oxpcctedfly ? \Vvll,.. liavc heard-— mind, (his is a - tcoret— that-somobody sent her' un anonymous letter, eayitig that Ta was making lovo to tho nrnv govorness ; . but surely, AIu- would no . mure- boHevo euch an -Accusation HiaiuPa would clreaiu of giving grounds for it; ' ' ' She :. Tliotl wm eucii a luoaytDry youitol | Die ycBtcrdaJ-abHOt a'tlnnkuy, MivGritq;n ? ' Ho : Do you think f>o ? thn : Yes, Inderal ; ufler- tbiipvriMQevsr I-scc atlonkuy it will remind me>of you. .. ; . Their Terasure.— Old Gcttorof: 8o,i yoatreally bove our daughter;? \ Cliarloy Van New t J do. OldGetlcrof : Very.aelIU you.miyhavn>i)er; 'But don't take her from uv,too soon, :mr boy— riot too . soon from ber old father and mother, Not before to-morrow. Promiio -me that. go VYifos Did you noticii at'tbe party list eren- Hog bow grandly our daughter Clara sweptonto the room ? . Husbarwl (wkb a grunt) j Obyca ; Cltra can sweep into tbo mom cuddly enough, but when it - comes lo - sweeping < out thcrrooiDtabo isu't there. Aud .did ibe ny'Lu mneoberedano wbeo j wraaan girl ?" "("No ; ho- eaid benromembercd youvwhen be waaa boy." Hs'IVm Aliste'cen.— Old Geutiemoo: Cioulft;, 3 heard some one ' being . klssudsDce or-brioeiii- , rtia-ball Isst night. Wasityou.'P Louiiedblushingl : Ooeo or twioendld you >saj,.p»pa P . Old Gentleman »« Yes, Louise : TheuiiUwasD'frli, SV. < Drimblecom. (fierady) ruDo'tyou lore -msj, 'Deborah ? ... Miaa. Brace t> llMllyyouaare «eo impetuous ti- BrimbIecorta(wilh-e ;gooao)p Ireckooo'oaM. ho imp ttlUDur ft jrotnxnitlkotefiugOB ««i)pUu I YreurD»# , . 