OHUROH O1 ENGLAND. T.THE MIISSlION. Ttm last of the scrvices for women was hold in' the cathedral on Monday afternoon; a largo congregation was preoent. The 11ev. P. W. Wise gave the nddroous. In thbe oveninog thanksgiving servia foor bloeeaings ouqhed during the .mieai6n in: answer to intatoeasion was hold in the coth?-. dral and'was largely attonded: - Tieb 'olo?loii sorvioo for missiono as set forth in tbo Dor. ham mieign.byomo.book was tined. TbIl?env. W.I; Oairrlmith preacohed, taking for hie text Philippinon 1, 6. He spoke of thoe pistle ehdwing. theO ideal rolationship oxisting betwoon God and the Ohristian, and of the confldencs of S. Paul that God who -had btegun a goad work wouldfloieh it to theo nd. The creation and the scheme of redenpplion hbowed that God loved 'a petfeoted work. This was fileoted as regards the onlvation of man by enoetililotion, and 'was wrought by the ionfluence of the Holy Ghost, Who told theo bollervrwhot to do and-what not to do. Once a men was reconeiled to God no one could prevent him from injoying the privi. legeo attached thereto eo long no hin will onb mittedto the guidance of the Holy Spirit. ie urged thoso who had decidod to orove Ohries to be loyal to Him and Hie Church, which won His bride. After two hymns, during which the choir and clergy with banners want in prooossion ronid the cathedral inside, -memorial cards of thle miession were diotri bolted by the miessioners to hose who- deired to have them. Thlnkegivings. were then offered and the nervi co oncluded witl the chanting of the To Deum. An offertory woeas colleoted in aid of the exponla ol the mission. Tho expenses of the miseson amounted to about £30, and those have been mot by the oflettorien n Sunday. at tdoly communloui and at the thankegiviog eorvice on Monday evening. There was no colleetion at the other nervices of the rmission. The mission cononlded with three cole. bratione yoslerday 6, 7, and 10.80 a.ni. After evensong a social gathering ofchurch workers and others was held in the churh-. hall. About a hundred were present, among whom were the Rev. Mr. arrt-Smith. Canon Pritchard, Canon Leigh (Like Bathures), Bne. W. Martyn (1rralgn), and nev. S. G. Best. The Rs. P. W. Wise had been com pelled to leave during. the day in order to reach his parish in South Auteralia by Sunday. Bange were rendered by Mrs. Brnce and Misses Fry and Russeoll, and Miess IMonkley played a couple of instrumental pieces. Opportunity woe also given for many to become pereonally acquainted with Mr. Carr Smith. Refreehmente were supplied end after over an hour's pleasant shat the meoling terminated with singing and prayer. 