The Deeming Murders in England. Slow liiey Were Dis«overc«l. A True Detective Story. . It was bitterly cold in the city on 9th oC March, 1892, and tiny stalactites of slowly-thawing ice hung from the heavy moustache of a strongly-built man who had just come in from the street outside, and was vesting his elbows on the mahogany writing-table of one of the largest dealers in dairy produce in London. The dealer and his visitor talked in rapid confidential tones upon business matters, upon the prices and qualities and grades of butter, upon the state of the market, cargoes and methods of packing, tiie present glut and the future prospects of Danish, Normandy, and Australian sorts. Cling-a-ling-a-liug weut an electric-bell across the passage, and in a moment or two a well-drilled oflice-boy knocked at the door, and, addressing the latest comer, said, " You're wanted at the telephone, sir." The stoutly-built man stepped across to the telephone, and raised the receiver to his ear. " Hullo, there. Is that you, Lowe ?" came a voice out of uowhere, disentan gling itself with difficulty from the con fused current of interwoven noises that crossed each other on the tingling wires. " Yes. Who's speaking ?" " Townend, at the ' Argus' office. Look here, I waut to see you as soon as possible. There's a big murder case on in Australia, and we've just got a cable from the office in Melbourne instructing us to make inquiries at this end. Be as sharp as you can." Mr. Samuel Lowe, member of the Lon don staff of the " Argus," dropped the instrument, hastily apologised to the merchant, and wont down the office staircase three steps at a time. Com merce absorbs a large amount of the average pressman's time and attention, but it sinks into insignificance in the presence of—Crime. A quarter of an hour later Mr. Lowe and Mr. Townend were staring intently at; the sheet of paper lying on the table before them. The cable message from Melbourne read simply, " Inquire Scot land Yard. Williams murder. Send por traits. Interview mother." Mr. Townend looked at Mr. Lowe in terrogatively. Mr. Lowe looked at Mr. Townend affirmatively. " All right," he said. " I'll look after it." The Bow-street officials were polite but unsatisfactory. They had never heard of a murder in Australia in which a person of the name of Williams was concerned. It was as though one had asked them for details about a man named Smith wanted for a forgery com mitted on the shores of Baffin's Bay. A close examination of newspaper files at the Central News Agency failed to dis close any accounts of the murder men tioned in the cable message, and two hours had passed without the faintest gleam of light being shed upon the oc currence. " Scotland Yard, cabby."' shouted the stoutly-built man through the aperture in the roof of the hansom, and sat back in'tlie seat to think hard., as the experi enced London cahhorse skated over the slippery wood blocks of the Strand, heading for the mysterious building in which the highest detective acumen of England daily gathers up the clues of information that come rolling in from that quarter of the globe. So busy, in deed, were the autocrats of the metro politan police and the detective depart ment that they could not even see Mi-. Lowe when he sent his name in by the German man-servant. Tf Mr. Lowe de sired any information he must be kind enough to forward his request by letter. This seemed a little discourteous on the part of Superintendent Shore and Super intendent Anderson, but. the occupant of the hansom cab had still another string tq his bow. and as the cabliorse skated back into the city Mr. Lowe again de voted himself to an accomplishment which is, unfortunately, growing rare— that, of thinking. As a result of his cogi tations the cabhorse was pulled on to his haunches in front of a-red lamp, and Mr. Lowe lost no time in explaining the j position to an old acquaintance of his— the police official in charge. ■ I fancy tins is what you want, said the officer with a smile as he spread the " information sheet" for that very clay on the desk before him, and pointed to entry No. 44, which contained a full description of Albert Williams, wanted for wife murder, at Melbourne, on Christmas P!ve. 1S01. The entry sot forth that 'Williams spolce with a Lan cashire accent, and stayed formerly at Rainhill. It was signed by Superintend ent Shore. Mr. Lowe devoured that information sheet with the hearty appetite of oil" who has been subjected to semi-starvn tion for some time past. He committed the entry to memory verbatim, by rend ing it over carefully two or three times, a knack which is always useful to a journalist. M. Blowitz. the Paris cor respondent of the " Times," proved its value when he learned off the terms nf peace at the close of the Franco-German War in one reading, and telegraphed them in extenso to his paper. Only M. Tilowitz was dealing with murder oil the grand scale—the murder that is com mitted with grape and shrapnel and bavenets at tlie charge "When Mr. Lnwe returned to Scotland Yard after a hurried visit to tlie "Argus" office in Fleet-street he had a letter from Mr. Townend to Superintendent Shore requesting information in hi? pocket, and lie had the information it self up his sleeve. "Warned by his pre vious experience, he omitted the forma lity of sending in his card, and running up a flight of stone steps and along n passage, entered Superintendent Shore's private room, and introduced himself in person. The superintendent eyed him coldly, and read the letter asking for particulars as to the murder and for the address of "Mrs. "Williams" in Liver pool. " I know nothing at all about it," said the superintendent in the measured tones of a man who has learnt by long experience to be economical in adminis tering his stock of veracity ; " and, moreover," he added with engaging frankness, " if I did know, I should not tell you." Mr. Lowe leaned across the table with a queer smile and looked straight inlo the superintendent's eyes. "As you know nothing about the matter," he said, " perhaps you will allow me to enlighten you. Albert Williams mur dered his wife in Melbourne on Christ mas Eve. He formerly stayed at Ilnin hill. Kc speaks wit!; r» strong Laii. it slilre accent, and there is a detailed description of him published in the forty-fourth entry in to-day's informa tion sheet. It is doubtless correct, for tlio memo, bears your own signature. Superintendent Shore." The superintendent sprang to his feet. " The man who told j'ou tills shall he dismissed from the force," he hissed with an oath. " Don't you think you had better find him first V" replied the other with just the suspicion of a sneer, " and you may discover, when jou have got him, that Jie is not under your authority. The city police and the metropolitan con stabulary are very different bodies, as you know." Few men would attempt to bluff a Scotland Yard superintendent in his own milieu, but Mr. Lowe tried it on for the sake of the friendly police' oliicer who had shown him the informa tion sheet. The bluff came off, and the king of clubs was safe, but the superin tendent never knew that it was the only card in his opponent's hand. " I am going to Liverpool to-night," Mr. Lowe remarked as lu.1 buttoned his overcoat, "to follow this thing up." " We shall be delighted to hear of your discoveries," said the superinten dent sarcastically. " By the way, when you get to Liverpool you might call on Inspector Williams—he is in charge there—and tell him that liis brother has committed a murder in Australia. He will be so pleased to see you." " Thanks for. the hint," rejoined the pressman. " I shall certainly call on Inspector Williams. I shall tell him that I do so at your request, and that I am instructed by the, Scotland Yard authorities to furnish them with any information that I may gather. Your recommendation will, no doubt, be of great service io me." And he bowed himself out, leaving Superintendent Shore fully three inches smaller in sta ture I han he had been before the com mencement of the interview. " Where the deuce is Rainliill ?" asked Mr. Lowe anxiously in the office after wards. " Itainliill," replied Mr. Towucnd ora cularly, emerging from a dusty file of tlie " Liverpool Post," " appears to be a lunatic asylum about teu miles out of Liverpool, but. you had better hurry up, or you will miss the express." " It seems to be rather a wild-goose chase, doesn't it ?" said Mr. Lowe. Mr. Townend looked at him straight. " It's the biggest wild-goose chase a 'man was ever sent on," he said, "but we have our instructions, and we must carry them out." Then he turned out his poclcets, and produced a couple of sove reigns, and 4s. 3d. in silver, which he '-uncled to Mr. Lowe, remarking that the banks were closed, and that he would want some money. The petty cash-box yielded another £10, and with this provision against immediate neces sities the amateur detective entered the next stage of the inquiry—and a cosy lirst- class on the 10.5 p.m. express to Liverpool. Half-past 9 next morning found him at the headquarters of the Liverpool detec tive department in Dale-street, and the oflicQr in charge, though at first sus picious and reticent, gradually thawed under the influence of the strong per sonal recommendations from Superin tendent Shore, which Mr. Lowe, pre sented glibly by word of mouth, adding, with a deft, adaptation of the superin tendent's sarcasm, that he was com missioned by the Scotland Yard authori ties to furnish them with all possible information about the murder. Thus it was that he enlisted the assistance of the officer, who, by merely pressing an electric button, summoned to the joint consultation a constable who was well acquainted with Rainliill, and in the space of a few minutes Mr. Lowe learned that Rainliill was a township with a population of about 2000, that, it contained a lunatic, asylum, two churches, and a railway, station on the Liverpool and Manchester line. But the constable knew no one there of the name of Williams. Mr. Lowe ruminated for a few mo ments, chewing the end of his bis mous tache. " Can yon put me on to the local gossip ?" he said. " the man or woman who takes an Intelligent interest in other people's business, and knows all abotit the births, deaths, and particu larly .marriages that have taken place in Jlainhill for the last twenty years or so ?" " There's -Tohn Higham." said the con stable reflectively. " He's the local letter-carrier, and lie knows every one in the place. Perhaps lie might help you." Of course : just the very man, and Mr. Lowe felt that he was close ro the haunts of the wild goose after all. It had been snowing and blowing hard all night, with thunder and lightning, and hurrying squalls of hail and sleet. But when Mr. Lowe reached Rainliill the storm was over, though the soft. • white, newly-fallen snow covered the whole township like a shroud. He des patched a lad from the railway station in search of .Tohn Higham. who presently appeared, wheezing, and opened his old eyes in astonishment at the tale which the stranger had to tell of a squatter king who had died in Australia, leaving a fortune of fabulous amount to his nexl of kin. a person of the name of Williams, formerly of Rainliill. Old Hicham knew two Indies of the name of Williams, who were both interviewed at once, and left to their own flustered anticipations as soon as Mr. Lowe had satisfied himself that they could have no possible connec tion with the murder. Here the scent was Inst temporarily, and lie had to cast •lbout patiently to recover it. As he walked down the street with old TTig liam, there appeared upon the scene vounc Higliani. n strinling of 1S. who assisted his father with the delivery or the mails. To him the old man unfolded the story of the fortune which had been 'eft in Australia, and of the efforts which were being made to recover the loncr lost heir, a lucky individual named Al bert Williams. The linv's 1'paturps woricpti in a (les liprntp effort to trrnsd the thread of some assopiations, and then his eyes tonic on n now litrlit, slowing with tho ;[oy of a ureal dispovery. " Fovthpr." ho said. speakinsr in tho ^onfr. lirmid. Lnnrnshiro drawl, " doanf 'p moind thot Hieer Williams as eoom'd tn 11 ainliill Inst 'nrvest-toime. Mavhap 'o wnr ihn feller. 'Tm 's married TCnimio Mather nn' took 'or off to Oiianoy ?" " Ay. ay. sewerly." (Tip old man re sponded. "T moind 'im well, ma lad. 'K ronton Diiiham Villa from Mrs. TTayes. an1 Bon Tonne comontod the kitehinsr floor fur 'im. Hoar. dear. so 'ps ooom'd into a fortin. T hallns tliowt tliper wnr sntliin' quare wi' liim afoor 'p wpnt away. Ay, Hint's 'im, sewerly." Mr. T,nwo save an involuntary ex clamation of surprised delight. When hounds are Inintinjr livo frame 'and thoy niok up tlip seent acain after a check they always Rive tonccnp. " When did vou say ho marriod lipr, my lad ?" he said. " Last arvest-toime." replied tho lad. " oop at tlia cliooreh yonder. Thoy wnr married by passon 'isself, an' yo can see tfcR stiffkit 5f ya loilr;:. Tint 'pre cooms .Top TMekerinpr, 'e marriel Emmie Mather's sister, an' 'e pan 1ell you moor o' Willums than me." Joe Pickering, a stalwart young car penter, remembered "Williams perfectly, and recollected doing the woodwork in the scullery at Dinham Villa when the cementing of the lioors was being ear ried out by Ben Young. Moreover, he hart lately seen a letter written to Mrs. Mather by Williams from Melbourne, in Australia, in wliieb Williams said that " dear Emily was quite happy, and in the best of health." The letter was dated sometime in .1 anuary. There could 110 longer be any doubt in Mr. Lowe's mind that he was on the right scent, and lie almost whistled as he remembered that the unfortunate "dear Emily" was murdeied by ilio polite letter-writer on Christmas Eve. Higham, sen., in his capacity of parish clerk, soon found the marriage register in the vestry of the old church, and turned up an entry relating to the mar riage of Albert Oliver Williams, bache lor, and Emily Mather, spinster, A copy of the entry would cost 3s. 7d.. lie remarked meaningly. Mr. Lowe banded over the fee, 11s well as a couple of half-crowns for the old man's private purse. " Yo woant want the inunny bad; if it's not tha roight Wliiums, will 'a said the careful clerk ; and when re assured on the point went off to call the " passon." Mrs. Mather and her daughter, Mrs. Pickering, were both at-home when Mi*. Lowe called, and was shown into the neat little parlour, with its horse hair sofa and armchair, its cheap Ger man prints on the walls, and its square table in the middle of the room, with a brass-bound family Bible lying mathe matically in the centre. The visitor introduced himself by handing tlio old lady his card. " I re present the Melbourne ' Argus,' " he be gan, " and also (after a short pause) Scotland Yard. I want to ask you about a Mr. Williams who married your daughter last September." It was wonderful how readily Mrs. Mather talked. She had had the letting of Dinhnm Villa, which belonged to Mrs. Hayes, and applicants to view the pro perty had to come to her for the key. Mr. Williams wished to take the house, and when he came for the key he met Emily. He fell very much in love with Emily, and almost at once proposed marriage. The marriage came off in a very short time, and was celebrated by a dance in Dinham Villa, in the kit chen, which had been newly cemented. Certainly some of the neighbours had blamed her for allowing lier daughter to marry a man whom no one knew anything about, but he was a free handed, well-spoken man, and he had promised her a good home. They were very happy together, and Emily, had written several letters home since they had left. ; Her, last letter was- dated from Colombo, but lieiv "husband had written from Melbourne. " Now, Mrs. Mather," said Mr. Lowe,: '.'I want to ask you about your daugh ter." v The old lady looked up at him sharply. " I want to know first,'' she said, " what you are driving at, and I will not say another word until you tell me." Mrs. Mather," said Mr. Lowe, " I have something very painful to say to you. I am going to tell yon now about two people, a man auil a woman. The man, I am positive, is Albert' Oliver Williams. The woman may be your daughter, or it may he the woman who, I have as certained, came to Rainhill to visit Wil liams as his sister, bur who, I have rea son to believe, was his wife. Williams murdered, his wife in Melbourne on last Christmas Eve." Almost before he had finished speak ing Mrs. Mather had fainted, and it was not without some difficulty that Mr. Lowe and Mrs. Pickering together managed to revive her. Then he told her all that he knew, weaving the tan gled scraps of information together into as consistent a whole as possible: But there were still some terrible gaps to be filled up. " Mind. you. 1 do not believe that it is your daughtc r who has been murdered," said Mr. Lowe, argning against his own convictions. " I think it is very pro bable that his real wife, who visited him here at Dinham Villa, followed him to Melbourne, and that when she made her self known to him there, and reproached him for his desertion, he took her life." It was a plausible hypothesis, and it was of priceless value just then, for it enabled Mrs. Mather to hope. With her hopes her strength revived, and unlock ing an old-fashioned secretaire she took out all the letters written by Emily Mather since her marriage, and also portraits of both the bride and bride groom. After a little persuasion she handed the letters and portraits to Mr. Lowe, who desired to take them to Lon don and get Uiem copied, receiving in return an assurance that they would be safely guarded and given back unin jured. " Now, you must: tell no ono what. I have told you," said Lowe as ho took his leave. " It is absolutely necessary that you preserve the strictest secrecy." And the old lady, terrified and Cull of vague misgivings, pledged herself to silence. When Mr. Lowe took his sent in the up express for London he had good reason to congratulate himself upon his .day's work. He had succeeded beyorid his most sanguine anticipations, and he had made his position secure by closing the door completely against subsequent in quirers for information. Not only had he extracted a promise of silence from • the one living individual callable of giving positive information about the murderer,' but he had swept off all the letters and all the portraits as well that is to say, all the documentary evi dence and all means of identification. After rifling the treasure chamber he had locked the door, and left with the key in his pockat. Next morning, the " Argus," away on the other side of the globe, published an interview, three-quarters of a column long, wit.li the mother of the hapless Lancashire girl whose remains had been dug up a few days before from the ce mented grave in the .house at Windsor. It was the lirst of a series of perhaps the most, remarkable coups ever known in the history of Australian .journalism. Backwards and forwards between Lou don and Liverpool went the restless Air. Lowe, collecting and piecing together all the ravelled ends of hearsay, all the tangled strands of inference, all the stray fibres of circumstantial and direct evidence, until he had made a rope that was strong enough to hang a man. And yet h'e was only at the commencement of his task. It was strange how that other woman, the sister, or, more probably, the wife of Williams, who had visited-him at Uainhill with her four children, kept on intruding into Mr. Lowe's busy brain. She quite upset his calculations. It was odd that, in spite of all his efforts, lie could llnd no trace of Tier whereabouts. She and lier four children were like so many unquiet ghosts that refused to bo laid until they were avenged. As this last though I struck him, Mr. Lowe lifted his hand to his forehead and found it wet. I-Ie was sweating from sheer excitement. A vague idea came to liiru, stayed with him, and finally possessed him. Ho hurried from London to Itainhill once more, and hunted out Ben Young, the man who had cemented the iloors of the kitchen and scullery in Dinhain Villa under instructions from Williams. " Where did you get the cement from, Ben ?" was the first eager question. " It wur in the cooch 'ouse," said Ben. To the coachhouse accordingly they went, and sure enough they found there three empty barrels which had evident ly contained cement. " Did you use all the cement out of the three barrels ?" asked Mr. Lowe. " Naw," said Ben Young. " How much did you use, then ? For heaven's sake, hurry up, my good man. It's a matter of life and death." Bon Young collected his thoughts deliberately. " A laaid doon tlia stoof oot o' two o' they barls," he replied, with irritating slowness. " A knaw nowt a boot this 'ere other wonn. It wur emp ty afoor a got tha job." " Empty before you got the job ?" echoed Mr. Lowe with a ring of a strengthening conviction in his voice. " Then what became of the cement from that barrel ?" The village plasterer wagged his head slowly from side to side, but never a word spak.e he. Mr. Lowe might as well have asked him what had become of the snows of yester-year. Then a great light flashed in upon the amateur detective's brain, illuminating all that was black a moment before, and silhouetting in the sharpest outlines ob jects which up to that moment had been wrapped In darkness. When the line of-battle-ship shows her mighty search light every detail of the torpedo boat stands revealed, painted in black upon a disc of blinding white. " Where the missing barrel of cement is there I shall find the missing woman also," said Mr. Lowe, half to himself, and darted off to submit his ideas to Sergeant Chipchase, the local constable, with whom he at once concluded an offensive and defensive alliance against the outside world. Sergeant. Chipeliase laid the facts before the district super intendent, an official named Kelly, and the digging then began in Dinham Villa, under Mr. Lowe's direction, a digging the result of which most gruesomely verified the calculations which that far sighted individual had worked out. And so it was that this Cliilde Ronald to his Dark Tower came. Pour sweating constables armed with pickaxes carried out this strange exhu mation. TJnder the stone floor of the kitchen they came upon the cement., from the third barrel, and in the cement they came upon the bodies of a woman and four children. The woman and three of the children had their throats cut. from ear to ear, and the fourth child had been strangled with a piece of clothes line, which was still round its neck. Mr. Lowe had an unusually interest ing cable message to send to the "Argus" in Melbourne that afternoon, and in just a week from the day on which ho received his first instructions he sent complete report of the murders which he had been mainly instrumental in dis covering, and with which all England was ringing some hours after. When the story of the Rainhill mur ders was published in the " Argus," alone of all the Melbourne papers next morning. Albert Oliver Williams, alias Frederick Bailey/Deeming, was already on his way from Southern Cross in custody. If the Windsor charge broke down, the Rainhill case would hang him safely enough. "Ah ! Mr. Lowe, glad to see you." said Superintendent Shore next day, stretching out his hand cordially to his visitor. " Let me congratulate, you upon the smartest piece of detective work that has been done in England for many years." 