Dr. Posman, in last weeks Standard, suggests the advisableness of holding confirm ation services for both sexes, that is to say, of children at about 13 years of. age. This is a reform that might with advantage be taken into practice with far-reaching and good results, not only to the children, but to the Barents themselves. There is a very general complaint of the uselessness, or want of. tangible result in communal activity, from the training of children, because, when they reach that age— a critical and hard to-satisfy period of juvenile precocity — there is little in our present ritual to satisfy the craving for simple yet sublime spiritual food that is suitable for children surrounded with the snares of indifter entis.m and religious neglect. This confirma-. tion service does much to counteract all this, and has proved in practice a splendid weapon in the hands of the Rabbi to beat down the plagues which are undermining his best efforts, that is to say, the causes which are weaning the rising generation in these Colonies from the good old faith which has done so much for the world, its civilisation, its people, and particularly for the children of Israel. It may be claimed that the barmitzvah does a service for the boys, but what of the girls? The future mothers in Israel are expected to be the guardians of the faith in the home circle, but ?to them the preacher does not hold forth, to them no months of preparation is allotted ere they recite some prayer or reading before the congregation, to them is left — in Australia— that very dangerous quantity, home influence solely, unaided by religious ceremony to keep them on the right path. It even appears that the line of faith that may be taking root in their hearts is not checked or encouraged, and their religious opinions are not. even guided aright, but left to chance. Well might these lines be applied to them— My state saith none care to learn, My future is no soul's concern. Anyhow, the confirmation service might be tried. It is sure to do good, and cannot have any other than an elevating influence. The Sydney Jewish Social Club's Annual meeting is reported in another column. The many persons who wished the Club success will have an opportunity of attending a meeting shortly and reducing their sympathy to tangible support. Suggestions in this regard will be voiced at the meeting. Should the Club disband it will strike a blow at organisations of a solely Jewish basis which will require a deal of work and patience to countar-act. If the seal of approval by the Board of the Great j Synagogue and the ministers of the congreg ation is not sufficient to arouse a generaj interest in the Club, and encourage gentlemen to come forward and assist in making the organisation of sufficient strength and influence to be a credit to the community, and a factor by which its members may become of use in assisting the general welfare of Judaism. The members who have worked hard and carried it through its initial and experimental stages j cannot be blamed for feeling discouiaged and determine to be speedily either assured of a J great success for the coming year or an early disbandment. A peculiar dispute has arisen between the customs officials and the Hebrew residents of Windsor, says the Toronto Globe. Not an ounce of unleavened bread is made in Canada, and the Jews preparing for Passover joined in with their co-religionists in Detroit to get a large consignment from New York. By a pro- 1 vision of the Canadian law which admits free of duty all articles need in public worship, in cluding sacramental wine and communion plate, Motzos are free of duty. A few days ago an officer stopped a man who was taking over a large quantity and compelled him to pay 30 per cent. duty. The deputy collector held that the consignment in question was entered as ' unleavened ' bread, and would, therefore, have to pay duty. If it had been 'Passover' bread, it would have been admitted free. The Jews are not satisfied with this ruline, and will appeal to the government. The Jewish congregation at Bradford (Penn syivania- U.S.) recently remodelled their syna gogue, and in January last it was dedicated with appropriate services. The Rabbi (Rev. Louis Reynolds) conducted the services, and when the time came for the sermon, introduced as the preacher for the occasion the Rev. Dr. Kieffer, of the Episcopalian Church of the Ascension in that city. The Rabbi described the Christian minister, in presenting (him to his people, as one who had the spirit of a Savonarola and Thomas a Kempis. Dr. Kieffes preached from Ezra vii., 27. A Chris tian minister, and he an Episcopalian (says the Outlook) preaching the dedication sermon of a Jewish Synagague is not a sight which has been common in the past, but it will be more common in the future. The walls between those who are truly religions are fast going down, and every instance like that above quoted has its direct influence in bringing about universal brotherhood. A special general meeting of subscribers to the Sir Moses Montefiore Jewish Home will be held on Sunday morning next at 10.45 a.m., at the Home, Dowling-street, Moore Park, when an amendment made by the Board of Manage ment to bye-law 1 will be submitted to the subscribers for their approval in accordance with clause 21 of the Deed of Association. Bye-law 1 reads as. follows :-' House Com mittee. — That a House Committee, consisting . of four members, three of whom shall form a quorum, shall be appointed by the General Committee out of their own number at their first meeting after the annual election, and thereafter frGm time to time as 'such General Committee may decide, arid such House Com mittee shall have general superintendence of the House, subject always to any special instructions from the G-eneral Committee.' The bye-law, as amended by the Board, reads as follows : — ' That a House Committee con sisting of seven members, three of whom shall be ladies, four to form a quorum, shall be appointed by the General Committee at their first meeting after the anuual election, and thereafter from time to time, &c;/' We are in receipt of the fiftieth annual report with schedules and returns for the Colonial Governments of the Australian Mutual Provident Society. This work contains about 50 pages, and is a very useful compilation, apart even from its specific object in giving information re the Company. Two pictures contained therein are worth special mention, and deserve place in any collection. One shows the Tank Stream, Sydney, in 1848 ag the present site of the magnificent buildings occupied as head offices by the Company at date. The report of the Actuary, which is appended thereto, discloses a cash surplus of funds over liabilities (including special reserves) of £509,681 17s 3d. Out of this surplus the Board of Directors has resolved, in accordance with the recommendation of the Actuary, to allot the sum of £479,742 for distribution amougst the members. This sum will provide reversionary bonuses amonting to about £880,000 Lady Salomons, wife of the New South Wales Agent-General, has had her brother, Alfred Stem, a millionaire, son of the late Baron Stern, declared incapable of looking after himself or managing his affairs. A. jury, summoned by the master- id -lunacy in London, has so pronounced. Mr. Stern, it was shown, attempted to force his way into Marlboro agh House, one of his hallucinations being that he is Prince of Wales. He insisted upon being addressed as 'Royal Highness,' and he doubted the relationship to him of his mother and sisters. When he drank a bottle of wine at dinner he immediately flung ? the empty bottle through the window. When strangers approached him he would cover his head with a towel or newspaper, and the only explanation he gave why he did so was ' Kinkelinky ' Several times in the course of a week he would violently clap his hands for half an hour at a time. This, he stated, was in order to summon the ghosts of 'Wellington and Napoleon. He attributed President Faure's sudden death to the shock of learning that ' His Royal High ness (meaning himself) was shut up in Eltham Park. Mr. Stern's property amounts to some three millions sterling.—-' Australasian.'7 Mr. Claude L, Marks, son of the Rev. Pro fessor, enjoys the distinction of being the only Jew who is an officer of a Highland Regiment. Mr. Marks, who holds the commission of Lieutenant, and will shortly be gazetted to a Company, has seen active service in South. Africa. He went through the Basute warj and served in the Bechuanaland campaign. It is curious that while there are several Jewish, officers in the line regiments, and in the Royal Artillery and the Royal Engineers, Mr. Claude Marks should alone represent the Jewish com munity in Highland corps, viz., in the 3rd Battalion Highland Light Infantry. Sir Julius Vogel died at Hittersden, East Molesey. The ' Times'' states during the last few years of his life he held an occupation under the Imperial Government that brought him in £300. ' Having handled millions in the public interest with an ability rare in colonial financiers, he died a poor man.' Miss Alice Joseph, of London, daughter of Arthur I. Joseph, Esq., late of ' Maharatta.' and now residing in London, is engaged to Mr Gadenheim, and the wedding is announced to take place shortly. Miss Joseph is a grand daughter to Mrs. Elias Moses, of this city. Rabbi Davis has assured the success of the fourth Annual Jewish Ball, to be held on June 1st. at the Paddington Town Hall, by his in dividual effort. The committee have received a large number of donations, both in cash and % k nd. 