As the ages of this world's history roll on the meaning of words undergo great changes, and in some instances they are circumscribed, and iu others are enlarged. The term " church" is an example of the latter. To the medieval clironicler its significance was simple enough—and by the term medieval chronicler we do not simply mean one who wrote in the Middle Ages of the events of his time, but also the historian who wrote of the Middle Age period, as a man of modern times. In the pages of SAL- LAM and GREEN the term "church' means largely the Roman Catholic Communion, and for that whole period, which began with the landing of AUGUSTINE aud ended in the tumult of the Reformation, Englishmen understood by the Church that body whose visible head was the Pope of Rome. Indeed, even during the Georgian period this above-named word had not lost its limited meaning, for although the Roman ecclesiastical influence on English national life and thought was 7iil, it had been replaced by the Anglican Establishment, and so the word " church" had still a similar significance. And it has it even day in the old country, and the man there who referred in a public speech to " the Church," unless he made some specific explanatory comment, would be understood to denote the Church of Eugland. In this colony, however, the word " churches" is more applicable and illustrative of the real state of affairs when speaking of the ecclesiiistical element in our midst. The Government recognised this when they invited all denominations to name delegates to sit on the Commission relative to religious teaching in State schools, as they did also when they determined to send no chaplains with the Cape contingent. As the Melbourne papers demonstrated, the appointment of chaplains would simply mean the despatch of a clerical contingent with the military one, as there were men of all religions in the ranksj and every religion under our political system could claim that a chaplain representing it should be despatched So it was wisely decided that the chaplain element should be eliminated aud that Imperial official remain a iwn est" in Australian military circles. The attitude of the churches in this small community of Victoria, during such a short period as twelve years or so, with the exception of the Roman Catholic body, has been not a liitle remarkable. Whatever our rarious religious convictions may be there is no doubt that Rome has a splendid theological record for " adhering to the original statement." She claims to have received a revelation, and to be the expounder of that revelation through a long line of Pontiffs and Councils. She allows a certain elasticity on "matters of opiuion" but not on "matters of faith." The doctrine of the Immaculate Conception, before it became a dogma, was for ages discussed between the Dominicans and Franciscaus, but when once it received the impress of the promulgating Papal Bull it was a case of causa Jinitum est. " We live, my friends, iu strange times," said Dr. MOORHOUSE, when Bishop of Melbourne, to the Church Assembly in the early eighties, "for never was there so much doubt, and yet such an eager desire to escape from doubt. Victorious science, advancing on her path of analysis and synthesis has revealed heights and disclosed depths that men dreamt not of. What reigns on those heights; what dwells in those depths 1 Indeed, it even appears to some that we are entering on a reign of chaos." And although the eloquent prelate who uttered these words went on to state that he was " a fearless andenthusiastic believer" there is little doubt that the grey ghost of Agnosticism is beginning to place its freezing finger on many of the lips of the prophets. It is strange how the Protestant churches are beginning to allow dangerous cross- examination- as admissible, and consent to debate that which a little more than a decade ago was as definitely settled in ecclesiastical circles as trial by jury is by the law of England. The latest development lias been the sermon preached by Professor RENTOUL at the Scot's Church, recently. We cannot go into his remarks in a lengthy manner, but, broadly speaking, he spoke in terms of scant respect of the great Calvinistic doctrine of Predestination, which, coming from his lips, sounds as auoinalous as would aniutimation from Archbishop WALSH tliat every " soggarth" in Ireland was free to wed a " colleeu. The fact of the matter is, it is argued by some, that before the end of the twentieth century it will not be a thing to be wondered at if, at least, the Protestant churches have not cast dogma and all idea of a sacramental system to the winds, and become simply schools of Christian ethics and centres of philanthropic agencies at any rate under Southern skies. There is really no difference nowadays in outward life and conversation between the deccut doubter and the decent orlbodoxist. The cursing and blaspheming atheism of a hundred years ago would not be tolerated now in a club smoking room uuy more than iu a bishop's drawing-room. What has happened is this, that the decency of up-to-date, doubt lias made it all the iiiore -daiigeroos, and.the doctrine* of tlie Broa^ Church school in the Anglican Coinmunion and kindred contemporary: religiousthought have, by 1 their teachings, added volume to the wave, and carried their followers, and sometimes themselves, out of their depth. : The churches have their place in the social* economy of civilisation, but the handwriting on the wall seems to point to the fact that their labours will infuture be directed more to the present necessities of time than .the . future conditions of eternity. 