NATTJRAJL.IST. AN ADVENTURE WITH ELEl'HANTS Elephant oatohing has long been prac tised in the North-Eastern districts. The most successful man was Mr Sanderson, but a good deal of that was duo to tho system introduoed by his predecessor, Mr Nuttall, and to his having acted on tho advioo- of tho late CoDtain Williamson, to sommenoe operations in tho Garrow oountry, the old groundB having been over- hunted, and also to his own groat onergy, and nnt interfering too muoh with his trained mahonts. I nooompanied Mr Nuttall in ono of his last hunts— his health was theu broken dovt.i front ropoated attacks of fovor, whioh led, a year or so afterwords, to his death. But he was most anxious to do his duty, and, know ing that I took grout interest m everything oonneoted with sport, he askod me to aooom- pany him- I wanted him then to try the foot of the Garrow hills, but his arrange ments had already been made, and we went into ono of his old boats in tho Ohittagong distriot. I'd citoh olopbunts mouths of preparation are required. I oould not got away as soon an I expected, and it wan only a few days bofore the final dtivo took pluoo that I joiDod him. Wo wero not very successful. In tho first koddah only twenty-sovon and in tho sooond only ninotcon olophants woro oought, whioh scarcely paid for tho oxpensos in curred ; bur, no blame conld bo attached to tho superintendent, for both ho and his head sergeant had boon, and woro siill, off and on ill from malarial fovor. Tho chief jemadar had died, the sooond bad boon killed, whilst tho third, who wonld havo sucecodod, had lefttho department nnd taken service with mo some time beforo ; so as tho hoaHs of tho depart ment wero not properly represented, the operations suffored. Elephant oatohing in keddahB bus often boen desoribed, and, but for a ourious oiroumstanoo whioh happened, I should not bo now writing this articlo. Tho herd we had surrounded was a very large one, and after two days oonstant trouble and watohing by day and night, tho greater part of tho animals had boon driven into tho re-entering angle of the koddah, when thore was a great disturbance ahead, and the leading files halted and showed signs of breaking baok. Wo found it was onusod by a tigor, who had got into the stockado and was endeavouring to got back into tho jungle. Mr Nuttall was aroused from his siok bod, nd, looking very feeble, took command, and overy avaiiubio man and beast was pushed to the front to indnoo the reoaloitrant boasts to continue tlmir flight within the enolosuro. Thoy were driven forward onoo or twice, but rushed biok in a panic on hoaring the gutteral roar of tho tigor, who was just in side tho paling in a olump of long graBS. I wont some distanuo ahead and olimbed up a treo that overlooked tho interior, with the viow of slaying Mr Stripes, but I oould not got a glimpse of him. But ho must havo loft hiB post to try if he oould find another exit, and dnriug this interval the roaring oeased, and wo managed to get twenty-sovon adult elephants, fivo tuskers, two muohnas, fifteen well-grown females, and fivo three- parts grown youngsters, bosides about four oulves, well inside. Tho brute just then roared again, and the herd inside right about faced, and the people, fearing: that it might escape, barred tho ontranco rather prema turely, for some dozou moro elophants were flmn nlntm hv. nnd m f .-lit have entered. The mon on tho lookout endeavoured to with draw tho bars, but just then a succession of roars caused a foarfttl panic, aud all those not already ontrappod forood their way baok and osoapod. Nuttall had to retire almost in an uuoonsoious state, aud, as I was a stranger, I had no oontrol over the keddah mou, and neither my elephants nor jomadar wero with mo. Onoe a herd is entrapped, overytbing shonld be kept as qaiet as possible. Fires are lit outsido, and men armed with spears and blazing torohos stationed ontside ; while tho animals mast not be irritated. But that oonfonnded tigor would not be quiet, noither could he osoapo, so he kept them on tbo qui vivo the whole night. If the captives are left in poace for a fow hours thoy settle down and got reconciled to thoir fnto. As soon as it was daybreak I asked Nnttall if I should go insido on a staunoh elephant and en deavour to shoot tho feline, but he thought it was better not to do so ; and now that it was daylight, he thought the tiger would find a loophole and eBoapo. I was just retiring to my tent to bathe when there was a greater row than ever, and the jemadar begged me to oomo with him, and he would show mo a troo whence I oonid pot the tiger — beoauso, if ho was allowed to disturb the herd muoh longer, he was sure they would rush at the barred entrance In a body and oioape. I wont at onoo and took up my position. I oould seo a great commotion going on, but oonid not seen any portion of the tigor. Tho roaring of tho bcaBt and the trumpeting of the elephants wore incessant the herd were gathered in a duster, with their, tails almost touching the stookade, en deavouring to get away as far us possible from a olump' of grass. I was thinking of firing into the grass, when I saw a large tusker rush forward, and with a vigorous kiok with hi9 forefoot, he sent a brindled mass flying, nnd, folio wing up his opponent quiokly, ho throw htm wall into tho air. As he fell tho tusker got him between his legs and commenced to play football, kioking the struggling brute forward with his hind legs and baok with his fore, aud I knew all would soon ho over. The tiger's roars degenorated into half roars, half growls, which were all but overpowered by the Boreams of the elephants, who in oborus created a din whioh oould be heard many miles off, and whioh were taken up and re-eohoed by our tame elephants. This brought poor Nuttall off his siok bed ; but the tragedy was all but finished. The tigor, with a dying effort, got hold of the elephant's foreleg jast above the foot ; tbo paohydorm gave one prolonged soream, then, shaking off tho inoubus, span olear, and with lightning speed knelt on his opponent, who soon gave up the ghost. Tha onragod monster lifted him up and threw him towards the herd, who rushed forward, and in a fow minntes kicked and trampled tho tigoi into tho dirt, leaving no semblanoe of hiB ever having been the king of beasts. Even aftor it was evident that thero was no life left in thoir foe, first one elephant and then another would run forward, and after administering a kiok, quiokly retire, giving attoranoe to hiB valediotory addreBS. We donbled guards over the stookade for two days, and us the imprisoned boasts had had no water and but suoh fodder as we threw into them, thay wero greatly sabdued, and we had no diffioulty in tothering them one by one and leading them to a place where thero wae plenty of wator and fodder. As we oonid not remove tho Bkin of tbo tiger for noarly threo days, it eventnally spoilt ; bnt when we got the body of tho tiger out, it was wonderful to see what littlo damage had been done to tho shin, though of oourse tho body was most offensive. After being washed and pegged out, no one would havo guessed what a violent death the beast had mot, but tbo hair peeled off, and as a trophy the skin was useloss. Our sooond venture was oven less suoooss- fnl, aud qnite uneventful. Poor Nuttall Boon afterwards died, exhausted by thirty years' residence n this malarial and pesti lential portion of our possessions — but after doing his duty liko a inan.- -F. T. POLLOE. 