Wmr PERSONAL ilili ...-noe or jocularity which makes EM "'iSn Daliy Telegraph" refer to W$aBlti 'W !, |inc telephone. Service. Pos- . as it quotes tUe. Melbourne K|l«'5?ashs authority. who iuterrupts a marriage |il| ' ""S die plea that ouc of the parties, llllal iiYii divorced, bus n canonical wife jraitt living, must expect to be received bv the bridal party.. The report illi«c!Seat "'omcbody struck Uiiu." We are llgHg ,f,ri:cil that several did not strike oucc mesmerised a patient, .who », so susceptible that he. felt .the poet's hV railway two hours. before lie.nr- HHfgj iii one case was itware. thut..he: Ue.ir tlio house the, day before, NkkK: .h all denied it, including ; .Tennyson K'to' fo1' tu<! "10mcut> had forgotten Wmfchet- ' . . ' ( | ®liieM|n i'ofe Ilcnnessy — wlio was one or BBKeirsyoeng men— used to say that when w8...n ass Clui erellor of tlio Bxehequc'r 'lie; Efeiirtd a letter full of ndoratioii from ii of singular attractions, of lilgh a'"1 married— as DIsruclf''hiniselt HHk Disraeli scarcely took the trouble' to HHKgK letter, and never answered: it.'; HmooI John Gronfeir Maxwqli; of :;tlie' HHgtiratcli. Is to lie the now': Governor of BSRutoain. Ue was nide:ae-caihii;t6;,Geheriil: B|®Jr. Grenfeli in Egypt' for. some, tlme'nud Hra»vtl$S2 has. with few intcfruptIoii9,'..hecu EfflSiaoonsly employed in tbe Sondah. ' .Tliis, HHg us varied expcricnei»Vijtli'\ttiottBgpt' ifflu .mi Soudanese troups, has ; deservedly jahied for lilin this very; Important post.' : secretary of a New.York drug llrtn iKulred by post a small box ' w-iilcli. whhn HKni, rerouted a lively, snake.;' . The;roptilo ten Ideii titled lis a poisonous asp, aud BgEicclpteiit of the nnwclcoiuo gift'' Is much BHLl as' to tlie r«isbn;.f6r,:,Uls!'beihg;sel-: HH(ias a possible vletitn. .';rTOpio:,withl;dlst HKriUras of practical joking: sbnil .black Lks'tv each other, but ."t<>; seudsiiakes' HKnltr going too for: ; Mpt Macka.v, tliC;,;"Bohanzh./;'lQ'ueeni'.'; iWiii; her aliscncc from Lpndop/ provided Kfabllc with a gratuitous, entortatnmont WbBk i most diverting, uatnre. . At her,; open W6M=lA"r 'a Carlton nouse-terrnce: was aiivon- HHfetgrMR parrot, wliicli attracted hundreds HHiWle every day to hear htnv talk. ; Tlio.; Hftii ouc Sunday was' so: groat that? the Human had to 'request .the /people; .to Hflhrnon." "Move 011," ; 'echoes/ the, parrot; EaftlSt Intense deliglit of.tUe.mob...; , Ctreccut marriage of Lord. Rosebcry's fflKler recalls, the fact that the: orer-youth- jaJBLlii>poaranec of the father of the bride led Bijfttk being proctorised during liia Inst visit UHhaihridge. I/ord.Rosehery .was walking Bferlhe post ofBce, after nttending-a pnii- meeting, when he was aceost'cd .by the BMHtglor and his men/ who mistook the ex- .Minister for ail .nndergrnd,\mluns cnp jspHa! jotrn. Ills lordslilp was greatly nmus- nuol to say llattered— "by the attention. flBpUm. MMIilslsltow the London "Dally Chronicle," gHMicracl sarcasm, welcomes a visitor:— SjBfthiter. W. II. Fltchett, anthor of '-'FigUvS raftlte Flag," and ''Deeds that "Won the Brn- nn" Is a passenger by the German liner HHniBegeut l.uitpokl, from Austruliu. So IHi (oerespondent who nuggested In ' oiir: BB«iao9 dint some of Air. Fltchett's battle/ aWpies were not entirely of his own hi-' jpttion will have an opportunity of dia- Bbk; tint delicate question with the.;au- jjajHiili) a day or two. . re/SB b Frank Andrew Barrett, sou of Mr. llarrett, has been appearing In the ®Hss!«non-Teea Bankruptcy Court with OTKHhics fOTS 17/ and assets nil. He was - Igwsgtr at the Grand Theatre, Leeds, tilt gjfflfct. IS'.!?, at a salary o t £5 a week, and sag!? tint time he has been out of business, jsBrmai- an nltownnce of £2. a week from. MBittlier. Mr. F. A. Barrett lis:', becrr iiv raaKil the rate O-ivG& n year, and he nttribu- WBtiUi insolvency to living beyotid his hit sHBgj. lie was not married. M 1 now and very elinraeterlstle story of SaMlL'tTr.alii is going the rounds. It appears aaEiSat a recent diuiuer to which ho was in- aWHti ills name wns associated with the toast mm UKrature by an orator, who referred SHrosrcat eloqnencc to Homer, Slmkspcare, ffifcai and— Mark Twain. ' In response, the SBctrist thanked the speaker for his kindly sHB&kbccs;, and excused himself from making raBtaier speech by sny Ing; — "Ilomor Is dead, ffljH'ibpKire and Milton- are no more, and I fiBJUjn't feel very well myself." IBHlegeant John' Scott- Barbour, of the Gordon BBlYliniliT- is the only non-commissioned gaffl'ertvho has been given acoinmlsalon either gRithe Snudan expedition or the Tlrali eatn- ffiSBfa. This officer has been promoted for Mwiiupilshed service in the field to a second HHBsttMncr in the Hlglilond Bight Infantry DQytis sen-fees in the Soudan, where he was ESpithcJ to tlie Egyptian army, and brought gtwht notice of tlie authorities for protno- Hehyhord Kitchener. Anna Hirers, an American lady, has HjH'Iu sn action for divorce fron> bcr lins- HWll She claims that tlie ghost of her bus- first wife infests the house and ps»hri her miserable. It appears at nights, renpl frightens licr, so she is unable to sleep. M (MM near to her, ond indulges in ysijsms of weeping, and occasionally It smashes the furniture. Mrs. RIvers's asser- tons were at first laughed at,- but- she "per sisted in them, and upon hclug.medicnliy ex amined was declared to he sane. During the Hyde Park Court fire a retired colonel, who has a fiat there, -emulated Nero, who was said to have fiddled, -whilst Rome was burning. He was at breakfast with a rriend when the fire broke out. ' I-Ie' hoard shouts, screams, and the whistling of Ucc cugines.. Cnlllng to his-man,' he said:. ','Mv comphmcnts to Comaiander Wells, nhd niii l lu any dauger- here?'!-.The reply came; back shortly: "Commander Wells's compliments, and Ire thinks not.'.' Quietly said the colonel: cry well,- bring some more kidneys, and a couple ofr:poached.:eggs." And llke-Thne-: koray s version of Wertheris Charlotte, lie went on cuttiug'hread aml.hutter." General-Fred Graut, son ofitlie late Urosl- dent Grant, hits just aunouuceil the engage ment of his oniy daughter; Julln, to Urlnee" Oatacuzene, of the Russian -Imperial G mu'd. Miss GrantVlias been : travelling abroad for the- past-five mouths, nod'tv- liile InUotuc met the Prince,, who was military attache to the Russian Embnssy, anil 'the cbgngeuient was the!; result."' The" prince '' beleugK to - a dis tinguished Russian -fanilly, "and?- Is very wedl'thy. Ho' ls 25 years old. His fiancee, tvho'is about the saute age, Is very popular In New: York isociety. I . Yhe' House of Cominous, one day' recently, dvas convulsed .by the exclamations of a little boy iti the ladies' gallery, home years age members were much amused: by hearing, us the swing door at the eutrauee. of the cham ber was opened, ' the' words, in- a clear treble, :'Oh, L see.'" They were uttered by a little girl, the daughter of Lord Eelho'rne, who was brouglit by her father, who: WI,s then, as ;Lord-Wolmer|:a- member, to "see': the House. A: famous Speaker of : the' House 'of Commons interrupted the- proeeilingii of that Assembly wheii visiting it Cor the Hrst'tiuie as a 'little child; ; Mr. : fcjhnw-L'efevre (Viscount Evers- Ley), who died in 1SSS In- his both year, avus SpualterfrotuTSSb till 1857, and occupied the .Chair -for a: louger period than any other Speaker except Onslow, lie was brought as a little child by Ills father to see tbc House oC Cotumoiis,' but ivas taken away in floods of. tears; - He disturbed the proceedings by soreomiug -with .fright because Mr. "Fox, whom: lie had seen: at: his father's house,- and who was speaklug with animation :lu the debate,- "was so angry." , :The fact tiint the-Duke bf Conuaught has complied with, the nsuuL formalities in regard to 'his official; position as his- brother the Duke. of Saxu-Coburg's heir,' does hot at ail ltitply 1 the ' acceptance "of the Snxc-Cohnrg estatos should he survive bis elder brother. Those formnlltlcs were,' In fact, obligatory,- niore- espet'lally as the' Duke of Gounaugiit does- not wish to 'stand 'lii the- wsiy ' of his sou, ITihco Arthur; In ease tlie latter should wish to: succeed to the sovereignty, frincc Arthur.: (was' born Iu':-lSS8, and,; therefore;' does not come of age until 1004; hnd It 'Is too -soon-'yet for' him ito dcfihllely decide tipop -his future plnusy; The Duke of Con- hiiugkt; howeverp is dovoted; to England',- n'iul the English life; '-His chief rensbn . for wish ing to relluqtilh his' rights of ' succession is that he deslrcs to rematu- lu tlie Ilrltish army, nnd should he do "so, there ' Is no reasoiiahlc'do'uUt that he will one' day he Its head, - :y ; Miss, Gissie,Lpftus /obtained, in Now York a divorce ffora Justin Huhtly/M'Cfirtfcv, anfi the chief point of, .interest: Is, "tow wlU'the English law' regard 'tliesb proceedings. Tbc answer depends on .MK/M'Carthy's domicile. English law/docs not' allow of a .wlfe acquir- jiig ;a '.domicile, through lier .pwu act;' her clbmiciie Is itho. BamG .as, , and. changes/ wltli.' h'ev/.'.&us;)mnd'fcyV',Xiupnt)r,-,\Iillss CIs'sio Loftus.' allliough by "dwelllng" ' wltlil(i New York State : she; was. -able -to appeal - to the jurisdiction of that Stntc, will not be con sidered, ,.ln: tlio. eye'Jbfitho?Engllsh-law;?to. have altered In. any . way/her domicile, -unless her -hushand>bas< bfindoued-' ltisV';;Engllsh domicile, "and- link acquired a new domicile In New York, by the- combination of residence and the Intention of periuaucntly residing there. Assuming- Mr. McCarthy to return to his English domicile, It Is quite certain that If either she or Mr. M'C'nrthy contract another marriage In the United Kingdom, or in any of our colonics; It will be a ease of bigamy. , , 1 