STRANGE CUSTOMS IN ROMAN CHURCHES. "Sr. PETEK'8 MAGAZINE." Could wo have looked upon the primi* tire basilica of St. Peter's, on a feast of Pentecost during tho fifteenth contury, what an extraordinary sight would havo met our eyes I 'When the Popo entered tho church in procession, and mada his progress to the high altar, burning hemp was made to fall around bis head, while at the moment of the Eyrie, a shower of ignited pieces of wool and other inflammable materials filled tho whole basilica, to proclaim the advent of the Holy Ghost. We have no acoounts of accidents having resulted from this very realistic representation of theflery tongucB mentioned in tho Acts ; but it is difficult to imugine how any sorious reconcentrai tion of mind and dovout prayer were possible, when, after tho shower of fire, thirty doves as well were let Jooso in tho church. A lira cock was shown to the people on thut day, to recall tho predic« tion made to St. Voter of bis threefold denial of our Lord, «b well aB the first aermon preached by tbo Apostle at Jerusalem. Tho immediato surroundings of St. Petor's, before its reconstruction at tho beginuiug of tho sixteenth century, were the centre of commerce and of Roman public life, as the church itself was the centre of Roman worship, A colonnade, culled tho Portica di S. Piotro, which rati fr.un the Bridge of S, Angelo to the basilica itself, wasthronged all day with pilgrims going back and forth, to whom » double or (juadruplo lino of vaternostrari off.?rod. with iii*inf« ing cries, images, rosaries, crucifixes, and pilt;rinis'_ stuffs. Bnt tbo bujwg anil selling did not confine ittelf to tkefo ap propnato obji'elH, nor to Iho porlita alone ; tho pi>izzu, tho stairs, the vesti bale of St. Peter's tbo l'aradito, or quad rangle, immediately fronting tbo cburcb, were filled with booths of all sorts. In u document of 1J81 wo read that phcos bad been engnged in tbo Paradito by sellers of ijgs, golden objects, cot ton materials, and beads of cypress wood ; vegetables, fruit, bread and salted fish worn sold on tbo stairs; and cobblers and qunck dentists were stationed tbore to display their art. Even tbo Jews had a chara in this trade. The following cus tom would seem to us almost incrodiblo were it not for tbo accounts that bavo cotno down to us, written by oye-wit nesscs. Ouo of these, Mnrcello Alberino, tho famous chronicler of tbo Suck of Koine, describes the performance as it tool: placn in the presence of Popo Clement VII., wliilo on a visit to tbo Oolonna in 1525. Tho palaco of this noblest among tho noblo representatives of Koman aristocracy communicated at that timo with tho interior of tbo church of SS. Apostoli by means of n. row of windows, which opened into tho uttic story above tho right aisle. An old tradition existed in tbin family, and was faithfully cairied out overy year on tbo 1st of May, in honor of SS. Philip and James, titular Saints of tbo churcb. A large number of living pigeons and chickens were thrown from tbo windowsof the palace to the crowd assembled in the nave below, while a pig was fastened to a rope suspended from tho ceiling, or to the top of a polo fixed beforo the high altar. Naturally, tho peoplo struggled u!id made every possible effort to securo tbo tempting bait, which was suro to feed so many hungry mouths at homo ; those who bad almost climbed to tbo top of tho polo would bo drawn down again by their less fortunate rivals. While tho con fusion was at its height, buckets of cold water were poured on to tho crowd from tho ceiling, so as to rendor tho sight mora diverting to the spectators. Truly, this was an amuseinont mora fit for a village square than for tho interior of a sacred oilifico ! Tho custom was only continued up to tho sack of Borne by Bourbon, but we read that in that same year-1527-tbo festivi ties wero hold with greater zest than usual, us if tbo Romans foresaw that they never would take placo again. Tho churcb was modernised, and its connect tion with the Colonna palaco severed at tho beginning of last century. 