? ? - By WILLIAfl LE QUEUX (SPECIAL RIGHTS OF SERIAL PUBLICATION SECURED BY THE 'SUNDAY TIMES' FROM GEORGE BELL AND SONS. LONDON.) CHAPTER XXIII— A TERRIBLE TRUTH. Ella's cold, forrqal adieu stunned me. I stood open-mouthed, petrified. We had parted on the be3t of terms, she kissing me affectionately, and with wifely solicitude bidding jne hasten back; yet in my absence she had departed, evidently carrying out some pre-arranged plan. Her maid, Roberts, had noticed her packing her trunks three uays before, therefore it was certain that she meant to' desert mc as soon a3 oppor tunity offered. Unaccountablc and astounding as was her Eudden llight, the discovery I had made among the papers in her escritoire was even more amazing. It held me stupefied aryl aghast. The paper I held in my hand was the original of the secret convention between England and Germany; the document which had been stolen from me, transmitted by telegraph to the Russian Foreign Office, and had nearly caused a terrible and disastrous European war. When I took it from among the letters and saw its neat, formal . writing gmd sprawly signatures, I gazed upon it in blank amazement, unable at first to realise the startling truth. There was, however, no room to dcubt. It was the -j£tual docu ment which had been so ingeniously pur loined, for it reposed in the escritoire still in its official envelope. The great black seal affixed by the Earl of Warnham had been broken, and both envelope and docu ment had the appearance of having at some time or other been folded small, besides being sadly crumpled. beneath ths shaded light I examined the envelope carefully, ana detected a faint carmine streak upon it then, placing it to my nostrils, found that it exuded a stale odor of sampaguita. In an insiaat the truth was plain. The pink discoloration had been caused by rouge ; the scent was Ella's favorite perfume, which she always procured from Paris. No doubt the docu ment had been carried for a considerable period in her pocket for safety, and became crumplcd, as. papers will, if carried in a Tiomaa's dress. While the envelope might easily have absorbed i he odor of that un mistakable perfume fi*m her handkerchief, the streak of rouge puzzled rue, for I had never suspected her of an artificial com plexion, no.r had I ever seen cue hare's foot; and carmine -among her toilet articles. 'Tell Roberts 1 \\-iih to speak to her,' I said, turning to Jucices, who had stocd by in silence, puzzled at my strange action o2 breaking the top of the escritoire. He Doey-ed, and in a few minutes the neat, dark- eyed maid entered. 'Roberts,' I cxclaimea, 'I want you to tell me something. Does my wife use any carmine to give artificial color to her cheeks ?' 'Oh, no, sir,' the girl assured me. 'Madame is very averse to such things. Once or twice, when she has been going out at night, and looked unusually pale, I have suggested a little additional color, but ehe hg.3 always refused.' 'Did. she have any rouge or anything of that sort in her possession ?' I inquired. 'No, sir, I am quite certain she hadn't.' v\Vhy arc ycu so confident ?' 'Because oijly the other day,- when I was 111 with a' sick headache, madame urged me to use some color,- as my:: face was- so pale. Visitors were coming, she said', and she didn't want me to look like' a ghost. I told her that I had no carmine, and she remarke-d that she. had none, therefore nothing could be done.' 'When did my wife Rack those two trunks she took with her this evening ?' 'Last Monday, sir,' the girl answered, slowly twisting her befrflle-d apron in her hands, 'she received a note . by bov raessenger, ahd immediately set about packing the boxes.' : ^ 'Did she tell you anything ?' T askedr adding confidentially : 'I have reason to believe that my wife has left us, therefore anything you tell me may assist me in tracing her.' The girl glanced at me in genuine sur prise. 'Do you mean, sir, that madame has — has run away ?' she gasped. 'No'— 'well, not exactly,' I stammered. 'But did she tell you anything 1' With eyes downcast the girl paused in hesitation, answering at last : 'She didn't actually tell me anything.' 'But what do you know about her in tentions ?' 'Nothing,' she answered. Then, after a pause, she added : 'Well, to tell you the truth, sir, I hjid suspicions.' 'Of what ? Do 'not fear to speak because I am her husband,' I said, reassuringly. 'I may as well know tte worst at once.' 'She used frequently to receive notes from a gentleman. They were brought by a commissionaire or by a man-servant, who waited for an answer. When t'hey came I always knew that on the following day she would be absent many hours.' 'You believe that she met .this mysteri ous individual — eh ?' I asked huskily. 'Yes ; for she always told me qpver to admit to you that she had been long ab sent. Therefore I had suspicion that she met somebody clandestinely.' 'What was his name ?' 'I have never been able to ascertain. Once I glanced at a note lying on madame's dressing-table. It merely announced the writer's intention to attend Lady Pearson's 'at home,' and was signed 'X.' ' 'Well,' I said, hoarsely, after a long silence. 'What else ?' 'Nothing,'' she replied, 'That is all I know, sir.' 'Has my wife taken her jewels ? I in quired. 'No. She has left her jewel-case un locked, but everything is there. She has even left behind her wedding-ring.' ? 'Her wedding-ring!' I echoed, . astoun ded and dismayed. 'TJien she has dis carded mc completely..' 'Unfortunately,' it appears so, sir,' the girl observed, gravely. 'Very well, Roberts,' I said In a brokeg voice.' 'Thank you. You may go.' t The girl glanced at me for an instant, with a sad, pitying look, then turned and left, closing the door noiselessly bphind her. Alone, -. I sank into tlje chair utterly broken down, still holding in my nervous, trembling fingers the secret document that secured the peace and welfare of the two most .powerful nations on earth. I had at last discovered the hideous- truth. Ella, the woman whose , grace and beauty had held me enmeshed, anJ whom I ha-d loved with an intensity of passion that was all consuming, was, after all, base and worth less: Although making a hollow pretence to love me, she had cast me aside for this mysterious man who signed himself with an initial, and who met her secretly almost daily. I had been a blind, devo-icd idiot, I knew, but until I had watc-heij her in Kensington Gardens I hg,d never Suspected her of infamy. It*'-seemed, however, than she had no sense of shame, and cared nought for my sense of dishonor or despair. Her perfidy was now revealed in ail its painful reality. Ella, whom I had always regarded as pure, honest, and trusting, was a woman of tarnished repute. The fact that she had the secret convention in her possession was, in itself, sufficient evidence that the mystery, surrounding her was deep, and 'of . no ordinary charade- - tec- Sonia had warned me that she was my 'enemy,': and this fact was ' now in deed vividly apparent. How she had become possessed of the stolen treaty was inexplicable. Full well she know all the terrible anxiety its loss caused. me, and the sensation that its re velation had created throughout Europe. Times without number I had 'mentioned to her how anxious my chief was to recover the original, so -that our enterprising friends in St. Petersburg could have no tangible proof that it had - actually existed,, yet she had given .ho sign ihat she knew anything of it. 'much ? less .that it actually reposed in my own drawing-room. I did rot fail, in' those moments of my despair, to recollect that she had been on the most intimate teRns with Dudley Ogle, the man suspected to have been in the service of the Tzar's Government, and -as I gat in won derment it became gradually^irapressed upon, me that through those many months I had been basely tricked, and that Ella herself, ^harming and ingenuous, as she eeemed, was actually a secret agent of the enemies of England. Several facts that I recollected combined to produce this startling belief. Because of my' confidential position as secretary to the Earl of Warnham, it was apparent that Ella, with .the assistance of my whilom frien'd Dudley and the encouragement of her mother, had conspired to hold me be neath her spell. She had become my wife, not because £he had ever loved me, but be cause she could feign affection or hatred with equal impunity, and had some ulterior motive in obtaining my confidence. Her firm resolve to ascertain the true facts regarding Dudley's -mysterious end 'showed plainly that if they were not lovers they had acted in complete accord, and what was more likely than that he, having stolen the secret convention, had on that , memor able night at 'The Nook' handed it to her, the instigator of the ingenious tkef t. Yet an hour or so later -he died from some cause that neither doctors nor police had been able to determine. **'' To her,. the tragic occurrence was a mys tery, as to all, and her refusal to render me any explanation of her suspicious actions was, I now saw, quite, .natural. Held be neath the iron thraldoni of her masters in St. Petersburg, she dared not utter a'word; hence I had remained in the outer darkness of doubt and ignorance. However it might be, one thing was, cer tain. She had been unexpectedly parted from me, either by force or compulsion. Perhaps it wag that to pose as my wife was. no longer necessary ; yet if she wias actually a , spy, was U not curious that in departing, she should ? overlook this docu ment, of which the Ministry at St Peters burg were so anxious to possess them selves ?? Againj as I sat alone before th§ cheerless grate, 'I reflected that . if slie were in the pay of Russia, surely M. Grodekoff, the Ambassador, would have b§en acquainted with her. Besides, what reason could Renpuf have had in making such careful inquiries, or why did Paul VerbliMidovitch discredit the truths uttered by Sonia and urge me to marry the w,ornae I loved ? Nevertheless, if, as I supposed, my position in the Foreign Office had caused' me to be the .victim of a clever and deeply-conceived conspiracy, it was scarcely surprising that the Tzar's representative should disclaim all. knowledge of the sweet-faced agent, or ffiat Paul had praised her and cast obloquy upon Sonia in order that their plans, what ever they were, should be achieved. Of the actions of Renoiif, and his strange dis regard for detection, I could form no satis factory conclusion. All I knew was that Ella's career -had been an unscrupulous and inglorious one, and that she had cast me aside ' as scon as her infamous ends had been' attained. ' The only person who could elucidate the mystery was Sonia, the pretty girl who had been denounced by Renouf aa a murderess, and .who' was now in hiding ia far-off Russia, *'in some out-of-tho world place where- 1 could never hope to find her. If she were clever enough to elude the com bined vigilance of the detective force of Europe, as undoubtedly, she had done, there was but little hope thaJt I could ever run her to earths . The mystery, had, by Ella's light, been incrtcsc-d rather than explained, for the more I pondered the more deeply-rooted became the conviction that she had de camped because she had cause to fear some strange: development that would lead to her exposure and shame. -After a time I roused myself, and, talcing from the broken escritoire the other letters it cont'aincd, five in number, examined them eagerly beneath the' light. All. were in the same hand, a heavy mas culine one, written evidently with a quill. One by ono I re2d them, finding that they contained appointments, which fully bore ?out her ma|d's suspicions. 'My Dear Ella,' oiy* ran, 'to-mor- row I: shall be on the departurei plat form at King's Cros3 Station at5.ll.30. I have good news for you. Come. — X.' Another regretted the writer's inability to keep an appointment, as. lie, had been called unexpectedly to JJaris, and -was com pelled to leave by the night ma.il : from Cha.ring Cross. ' He, however/ .promised to return in three days, ~ and gave her the Graiid'Hbtel as. his address if she found'. it necessary; to ''tide{gjgj-h!i Strangely-..' ^'eo.o'ugh, the letters' contained no endearing ;rterms- ( either at their . com mencement or conclusion. Formal., and brief, they , all related. -to appointments at various places in London whore two persons might meet unnoticed by the crowd, and all were signed by the single mysterious ini tial. I stood, with them in my hand for a long time, puzzled and hesitating, then placing thera carefully in my pocket, to gether with the secret document 1 had so unexpectedly unearthed, I .crammed on m; hat and hastily drove to Pont- streert. The . house was in darkness, save for i light in;the basement, and in .answer to my summons, after a lapse of some minutes, a tall, gaunt, woman in rusty black appeared in the area below. - I was surprised at being thus met by a stranger, but enquired for Mrs. Laing. 'Mrs. Laing ain't at 'orne, sir, u answered the woman, looking up and speaking with a strong Cockney twanig. 'Not at home ?' I exclaimed, surprised. 'Where is she ?' 'She's gone abroad somewheres, but I don't know where,' the woman answered. 'She's sold all her valuables, discharged the servants, and left me 'ere as 'ouse 'When did she go ?' I asked. 'This morning. I answered an advertise ment in the 'Chronicle' yesterday, and en tered- on my duties 'ere to-day. Quick, ain't it ?' The rapidity of her engagement I was compelled to admit, but proceeded to m^be further inquiry whether Mrs. Laing's daughter, had been there. ?. 'No, sir.' No one's been 'ere to-day, except a foreign-looking gentleman who asked if madame had left, and wl^n I said that she had, he went away quite satis fied.' ? 'What kind of man was he ?' 'Tall and thin, with a longish dark beard.' ' ? , The description did not correspond with anyone of my acquaintance; therefore, after some further questions regarding Mrs. Laing's mysterious departure, I was com pelled to wish the worthy woman good evening. She knew nothing, of Mrs. Laing's movements, not even the, name of the ter minus to which she had driven, such pains had Ella's mother taken to conceal the di rection in which she intended to travel. Some secret undoubtedly existed, between mother and daughter ; its nature held pie perplexed and bewildered. CHAPTER XXIV.— STRICTLY CONFI DENTIAL. . The early morning was dry, frosty, but starless. The clock of that fashionable temple of Hymen,. St. George's, Hanover square, was slowly chiming 3 as I alighted from a cab at the corner of Mount-street, and walking along Berkeley-square, ascen ded the steps at tho Earl of Warnham's great mansion, and rang its ponderous .bell. .The place was severe and gloomy enough by day, but in the silence and darkness of the night its exterior presented a forbid ding, almost ghostly appearance. It was an unusual hour for a call, but, knowing that a porter was on duty always, ajid that despatches frequently arrived during the ; night, I had no hesitation in seeking an in 1 tei-viewr In a fow moments there was a grating sound of bolts drawn back, a clanking . of chains, and fcho heavy door was slowly .opened by ths sleepy man, who, with a word of recognition, 'at once admitted me. Walking across the great square hall, warmed by a huge, roaring fire, I passed down the passage to the Earl's study and rapped aL the door, receiving ah impatient permission to enter. The Minister for Foreign Affairs was sit ting at his table where I had left him, with an ompty tea-cup at his side, resting his pale, weary brow upon his hand and writ ing despatches rapidly with his scratchy quill. His fire was nearly out, the pair of candles, in their hpjavy, old-fashioned sil ver candlesticks that stood upon his writing table, had burned down almost to their sockets, and the strong smell of burnt pa per. that pervaded tho book-lined dei), showed that, wi'th hi3 innate cautiousness, he had destroyed documents that he did not desire should be seen by other eyes. The world-renowned statesman raised his head as I entered, gave vent to a low grunt of dissatisfaction, and continued writing at topmost' speed. '' I sa.w I was unwelcome, but, well acquainted' with his mannerisms and eccentricities, walked to the fire, added more fuel, and waited in patience until he had finished. 'Well,' he snarled, casting down his pen impatiently,' and turning upep me at last. 'I thought ycu, of all ' men, were aware that I do not desire interruption when at work.' , 'I 'should not have ventured to come at this -tow,'' I. caidV 'wfere./it: not that- news I bring is cf extreme importance.' ? He sighed, as was his habit when expect ing further complications. 'What is its nature ?' he asked coldly, leaning back in his chair. 'Abandon pre liminaries, please, and come to the point; What is it ?' . 'I have recovered the original of our se cret convention w.ith Germany,' I an swered in as quiet a t.one as I could assume. 'Ycu have,' he cricd excitedly, starting p. 'You; are quite right to seek me at nee— quite right. Where did you obtain t ?' he inquired. Slowly I drew forth -the precious docu ment from my pocket, and handed it to him, still in the envelope that bore my own mark, with the remains of- his broken seal. He took it eagerly, and bent to the candles to examine it more closely. A few seconds sufficed to reassure him that the document was the genuine one. 'It is fortunate that tils has returned into our possession,' he observed, his thin blue lips quivering slightly. 'I feared that it had already passed beyond our reach, and that one day or other in the near future our policy must be narrowed by the know ledge that it was preserved in the archives of the Foreign Office at St. Petersburg, and could be use/1 as a pretence for a declara tion of war by Russia and France. Now, however, that' the original is again in our possession we can disclaim all copies, and give assurances that no secret understand ing exists between us and Berlin. The only fact at present lends color to the assertion of the boulevards journals is the ill-timed bestowal of the Iron Cross upon Count Landsfeldt. Such an action was characteristic of their impetuous Em peror.' '-Then, after a second's reflection, he added: 'Just sit down, Deedes, and write to Sir Phillip Emden at Berlin, ask ing him to obtain audience immediately of the Kaiser, point out the harmful impres sion this decoration has occasioned, and get His Majesty to exhibit his marked dis pleasure towards Landsfeldt in some form or other. That* will remove any suspicion that the convention is actually an accom plished fact. Besides, you may hint also that it may be well for the relations be tween the Kaiser and Sir Phillip to appear slightly strained, and. that this fact should be communicated indirectly . to the Press. Sit down and write at once; it must be sent under flying seal.' I obeyed, and commenced writing a for mal despatch, while, in answer to the elec tric bell rung by his Lordship, the sleepy night-porter appeared. 'Calvert.' exclaimed the Minister, 'tele- phone to the Foreign Office and say that I want a mes^nger to call here and proceed to Berlin by the morning jpail.' . 'Yes, m'lord,' answered the man, bowing and closing the door. While I wrote, the Earl perused the document, the loss of which had caused the Cabinets of Europe so much apprehension, and taking his magnifying glass he examined the portions of the seal still re maining. Then carefully unlocking one of the small private drawers in the top of the great writing-table, he took therefrom some objeet, and gazed upon it long and earnestly. With a heavy sigh he again re placed it, and slowly locked the drawer. When I had finished and placed the in structions to Sir Phillip' Emden before him, he took up his quill, corrected my letter, here and there adding an emphatic word or two, and then appended his signature. Obtaining one of the bags used for the transmission of single despatches, I de posited it therein, sealed it, and placed upon it one of those labels with a cross drawn upon its face, the signification of that mark being that it is never to be lost sight of by the messenger. There are two kind3 of bags sent out and received by the Foreign Office, or^e with this cross-marked label, and the other without it. The latter are generally larger and less important,, and may be placed with the- messenger's luggage. It is no pleasant life our mes senger lead, liable as they are to be sum moned at an. hour's notice to' 'proceed at once' to r.nywhere, from Brussels to Te heran. Armed with a laissez-passer, they are constantly hurrying over the. face of Europe as fast as the fastest expresses can carry them, passing through the frontier stations freed from the troublesome con comitant of ordinary travelling — the examination of luggage — known on all the great trunk linos from Paris to Constan tinople and from Romo to St. Petersburg, sometimes bearing epoch-making docu ments, sometimes a lady's hat of latest mode, or a parcel of foreign delicacies, but always on the alert, and generally sleeping on a layer of still despatches and bulky 'notes.' . y (Ta be^Ccntinued1.) ... 'Veritas' writes, of a case of ''cruelty to animals. Complaint was made 'that a dog v.-as h. nuisance to the neighborhood, and some, one at tempted 'to kill it, but the animal was left in agony ior several days with a big hole in its head, until a police man, when asked, shot it. Chats with leading cyclists in the 'Re- feree.' 