WESLBTAÜ' CBV&ÇU AHSIVEK&ARY.; THE social and public celebration of the anniversary of tile Wesleyan Church, Dubbo, waa held on Wednesday evening. On this occasion it had been decided to celebrate the event a little more preten tiously than usual,*-and a "Monster banquet" was arranged for in placo of the ordinary time>honored tea meeting. The promoters were very successful in their efforts to^iisfr pni^cri syinpathy from town anddistrict residents jin weather con ditions ; sod in the patronage accorded. The Behool.room, in which the banquet was held, had been nicely decorated, and the tables bore the highest possible testimony to the generosity, skill an d hard work of donors and committee-the chief members of the latter being, in aldition to the minister (Eev. W. S;ewart) and officers of the church, Mesdames Baird, Stewart, Gartrell, Adams, Hirch, White (Whitewood), 1 Knight, Davey, Tighe, Ellis, Starrand Gurt treli, jan., and Miss Lees, Miss Stewart, MissGartrelL Miss Baird, and Miss White, (Whitewood) and other representatives of the congregation. The attendance at 6 o'clock (the advertised hour for commenc ing) was very large, and steadily increased till there must have been upwards of 300 persons present. The school room liad to be again and again emptied to allow of the accommodation of the late-comers, and the tables were occupied five Hines in succession. Included among those ¿;.jo/ji wore representifcíves of all denominations in town, and country residents from many neighbouring localities. The after meeting in the church was commenced promptly afc 8 p.m. ; ¡he build ing being crowded iu every part. After a hymn and prayer, Alderman Adams, J.P., was desired to preside. The chairman, with whom on tho plat form, were Kev. W. Stewart (minister of tho church) Eev. G. W. Furner (Welliugton), Ven. Archdeacon Wilson, and Bev. J. T. Main, M.A., referred to his own association with tho building of the church eleven years ago, under tho ministry of Eev. W. Stewart ; and to the part taken by Ur. T. W. Heaydon and others in its erection. Of thu four who had laid the foundation stones of tho church in 1888, happily three were still among them. The Church in Dubbo had reason to be grateful for many mercies received from the Divine hand during that time ; and it was for them to practically evince their thankfulness, and go forward with renewed energy. He was specially pleased to be able to welcome, in the persons of Von. Archdeacon Wilson and .Kev. J. T. Main, ministers of sister churches. The treasurer of the Church (Mr. E. Adams! said it was the first time they had attempted a banquet in connection with their Church, and he could not but be well pleased with tho result. The finances, he regretted to say, were in a very low condi tion, and they had had to make a special effort at that anniversary gathering-hence the form the Icelebration had taken. Ile then read the following statement!-An ticipated income for current year: Ground reata, £57 6s : . pew rents, .£22 ; subscriptions, £5; total, £81- Gs. An ticipated expenditure ; inteiest on loan of ¿61,400 from A.M.P. Society at 41- per cent, £63; gas, £7 18s; clean ing, £12 ; choir conductor, £15 ; land tax, £b Hs 7d ; insurance, ¿83 7s 5d ; total, £107. They would thus be £22 14? on the wrong side, even if they got in all that was due to them. There was also an over draft of ¿18 03 2d ot the bank, and an account owing for gas for £1 18s 7d. which with indebtedneFB for repairs, land tax, etc., raised their total indebtedness to £37 Cs 8d. Further, at the erd of Septem ber, there would be £15 15s duo for interest. Ho explained that the A. M. P. Society, who held the mortgage on the property, had brought down the rate hy successive reductions till it was now only ii¡ per cent. At that moment ho believed the; had in hand from the proceeds of the banquet and monetary donations by friends, the sum of £25-(applause)-and therefore wanted still over £12. They wanted in future to do away with special efforts, and accordingly he would urge on all to try to asaist year by year to clear off the amount due, Tho Chairman said he hoped that the trustees would find a way of diminishing the principal of the debt. The finances wore a sore burden on tho committee and the trustees. Ho spatially asked the meeting to make a determined effort to sweep off the deficit for the year. The Rev, G. W. Furner, who was the first speaker called on, said be felt great pleasure in being there that evening. He considered he was, when in Dubbo, not among strangers. It was about five years since he bad passed through in that church the exacting and arduous experience of preaching his trial sermon ; and ever since that time he had always felt a great interest ju Dubbo, and always came to the town1 and its church with pleasure. Indeed, to auch an extent was this the case, that it was sus pected by his own people that he (as an unmarried minister) had some special at traction to lure him to Dubbo. (Laugh ter.) As a young minister he felt a deep interest in the question of the future work of the Christian Church of the colony. He believed that the Christian Church of to day had a great mission before it, and that, on the whola, the times were better and more favourable towards it. In Bpite of ecclesiastical differences and controversies, there was moreliberal- iuindedness now than ever. The world was asking for a new the ology which should contain as its chief fea ture the element of the brotherhood of mankind. The cry of the nineteenth cen tury was, however, after all only for the true gospel. The world did not want a sentimental or fanatical religion, but one of practical principles and Christ-like. It wanted a Christ-like spirit even more than it wanted the education which they de sired so much. Christian ministers preached to-day a gOBpel of hope. The religion of Jesus Christ had. proved itself sufficient for men of all conditions, classes, and races such was the testimony of the historian Lecky-and its influence was extending. It was advancing, and instead of those scientific developments of an advanced character of which the ago was so rich be ing opposed to it, they were going along with it; science was joining hands with the Gospel-they were going on together. Men's minds were widening-Tennyson's works that " through thc ages one unceasing purpose runs, and the thoughts of men are widened by the process of the suns " were seen to be truly descriptive of the case. They were entering on the future with great hope. Let all do their part, and they should have not only a marked social and political improvement in the world, but also a spiritual redemption in Jesus Christ by which the world s uplift ing would fae fully completed. Prom every point of view they could hasten on to " ring ont the darkness of the land and ring i n the Christ that is to be," (Applause). Ven. Archdeacon Wilson said he re gretted not having been able to be present at the early portion of their celebration, but he was glad to attend nt that stage. After complimenting the previous speaker on his address, and thanking him for acceding to the desire that he (Mr. Furner) should speak first, Archdeacon Wilson said they had practically just finished dinner, and "as empty as an' after-dinner speech" was a proverbial saying. However, they conld not but xe-. member that Christ had delivered after dinner discourses ; some of them of singular beauty and impressiveness. Tb.ey, therefore, had oven tn the case of those after-dinner deliverances, to consider the grand principle-" What would Jesus do P" (Applause). The speaker showed that the old Jewish idea of Heaven as one great. ? feasting place was somewhat encouraged by the observance of the groat " festivals " of th» Passover, Pentecost and the Feast of Tabernacles-in all of which eating and drinking was intertwined with religious observance, and anniversaries of a holy and national character became also social festivities. ' Christ did not look with any censorious eye on the festivities of the people-on the contrary« His own 'associa- ¡ tion with them was the ground of a charge against him of gluttony and wine bibbing.; But he impressed on his hearers that' eating and drinking was by no means the true business of life. All such things were to be put into at most the second place-they were to seek first'the Kingdon of (Jod and righteousness ; and He warned them to beware of the cares of the table. Dis great Apostle, following along the. same line, declared that the Kingdom " was not meat and drink, but righteous ness, peace and joy in the Holy Ghost." Their Master would warn them against epicureanism-let tba enjoyment of their anniversary be accompanied ? by reflections on the mercies of God in all his gifts-and especially in Jesus Christ. If they 8ver kept this in mind, and in- the midst of such social gatherings as the one ut which they ¡ were assembled, they wonld be preparing for the grant gathering above where the feast of Heaven would not Tie marred by that which at times somewhat damped earthly enjoyments. (Applause). Bev. J. T. Main, after thanking the Church for the invitation extended to bim, said he happened to be (hero that night aa one;of " a motley crew "-for he waB ono of about a hundred ministers who had signed a declaration protesting against Cardinal Moran's oharges, and had been so 'stignia tiBod in response. After having explained that his signature to the document waa mainly due to the accident, of his being in Sydney nt the time, the rev. gentleman said he felt he need offer no. apology, as in view of the names on that document, not one of his fellow ministère en that platform that night wonld have been ashamed of being in that .. motley crew." (Applause.) He (Mr. Main) had specially to thank them for their invitation, because it gave lum selt and other representatives of Christian churches-his friend Archdeacon Wilson for instance-an opportunity of showing how untrue was the Cardinal's assertion that Protestant ministers had only one basis of union, viz., antagonism' to the Kornau Catholic Church. They had united that evening, for instance, without any such object. (Applause.) The Cardinal said that the Catholic Church embraced merely those who were in communion with the Pope; but he (Mr. Main) held that this definition of " Catholic was too narrow to be catholic. His (Mr. Main's) idea, was that it embraced all who called on the name of Christ all the world over. Christ ;Himself gave the definition of a Church-" Where two or three are gathered together in My name, there am I in the midst of thain "-and where Christ was with men, there was His church. The members of the church hod not only duties to God-they had duties to each other. It was well for them to meet together to do all they could to help one another, and to seek to build up one another towards the measure of tho stature of the furness of Christ. Then they had duties to the outside world ; Christ had said " Te are to be my witnesses." Their duty was to get hold of those without and draw them in. The world was perhaps growing worsr as well as better. In their Christly work against the forces of evil, he, as a co-worker, could wish them God speed ; and he hoped that the Churches would have more and more of the Christly spirit as time went on, and do more to win the world ioi Christ, As. to their financial indebtedness,' his advice was, not to be afraid of it ; bat at the same time they Should not bo satisfied with pay ing off the interest only. When" ho took charge of the .Eresbyterian Church, Dubbo,, some 12i years before, thc debt WES much higher than the figures just, quoted-and now it was all gone. (Applause.) They should remember that giving was really a part of worship, aud it was so described iu the psalms. The apostle Paul had also spoken of the grace of giving,.and if they grew in that grace, their big debt would in its turn soon become a thing of the past. (Applause.) The Kev. W. Stewart said he felt much pleasure at that, his first appearance at an anniversary in Dubbo, in being able to stand upon a common platform with brother]uiiniBters of the Gospel. There was no district of his acquaintance where there was so much of union as there-where there were so many union churches. The people seemed to look upon these churches as the correct thing, and made provision for all the various denominations in a most kindly and catholic spirit. He was, however.no less a Methodist because he was associating with a thorough Presbyterian and a thorough representative of the Chnrch of England. But he would scorn the idea, as each of them would in his turn -of trying to gain adherents at the expense of sister churches. (Haar, hear.) They were all there in Dubbo, and were all likely to be there ; and nf one church was there to outdo.another except in holiness and devo tion to the common work. Such rivalry was quite compatible with harmony and the utmost fair-dealing. They had neither time nor energy to waste in quarrelling. It.was impossible to overtake the spiritual needs of that vast district. These were in creasing daily, and it would strain the energies of all the churches combined to properly Christianise the district of Dubbo. The mora earnest they were, however, the more success would attend them. The Church ought to be a home. They wanted to encourage the social aspect of their church work-it would thea be come a great power for good. He then explained that they aimed at realis ing £40 from that effort, towards which sum they had already about £20. They wanted, he said In conclusion,. to realise that they belonged to Australia and belonged to God; and that they were determined to do their be6t in view of the nationhood about to dawn on them, to win,Australia for him: There was still a great battle to fight. He hoped ' each church would prosper in its denomina tional efforts and in its broader work as part of the Church Catholic, and would do its part by doing its best. (Applause). A collection which realised Ü3 7s was theo taken up. On the motion of Mr. T. VY. Heaydon, seconded by Mr. Kinred, a comprehensive vote of thanks to all concerned in the labour connected with that celebration, and to the visiting ministers, waa carried by acclamation ; and the proceedings were closed with the Doxology and Benedic tion. During the evening the choir contri buted several anthems under the conduc torshipof of Mr. Kirkland. Vocal num bers were rendered by the following : Solo, Mrs. Brown; solo. Miss Toomey; solo, Miss M'Phail; duet, Miss Heydon and Mrs. Stewart ; solo, Miss Ellis. A recita tion was contributed by Mr. Simpson. T. M. Snélson, Chemist (by Special ap» > pointment to the Governor, Lord Hampden) '. has a certain core for headache ; it serer failB to give immediate relief. Will be sent i to any address, jpoit free, on j receipt of i price, Vii., ls/ Eaiytotake; quit« taste- j less. Tryjtatoaoe. jj 