CHAFFER IT. Kir )ieir?y a year Gilbert Warren per formed the very Ward task of killing time. He visited, fished, saiTed, golfed, tfhot, hunted, hut #he savour had gone out of life, Vnri the lengUi of the days and nights was norobJe to trim. Many a it/ime he almost nade up "his irrind t* break with every thing:, and go down to LandewVirne to Bee .her/ and 'hear her voice again. But over and over again 'he told formseflf that it would be presnmplttrous, ungentlenrajily, child ml), cowardly,, when she had shown him that the very mention of 'h.ia love dis itre-reel her so deeply, and lie conquered tho madness-HJOOQuered it for nearly tu-pJve snonKbs. A very little incident broke down Jiis re solution at last. Just a girl's face in the Park-a shalbby little governess he thought she was, at the end of a file of girls taking ?exercise in the 'biting air; and he only caught a glimpse of her faee as he hap pened to t'irn hie eyes absently in 'her direc tion. But that glimpse reminded him of Eleanor; it set his blood coursing and his heart aching anew, and broke down all his fictitious strength. "I must see ner! I mast! I must!" he declared desperately, es he walked back to his rooms. "I can't go pleasuring with a lot of people at Christmas when I am racked and miserable. I will go to her-at Landewarne." As Oifoert neared his own door the first snawflekes of the winter were slowly fall ing, bnt he did nwt heed them; his eyea were unseeing, hungry for a sight of the woman lie loved. Three days before Christmas Gilbert was at L/andewarue, settled in the 'big dining room and best bednoom of Trethiek Farm, | with Mrs. Mitchell, the farmer's wife, his sworn friend, every comfort that good hearts could provide at his ser vice, a _ white world outside, and the appalling tidings, in answer to. his en quiries, . that L&ndewarne; House was shut up-had. been empty these twelve months pastj Mass Hard wick, the yoaing mistress', being on visits, it was thought. Gilbert almost sank under this news, im partedt to hrim by Charlotte, the serving maid, tiB~ rihe laid has first supper. He realized with a rush of desolation how much he hiad counted upon a sight of Elea nor, how the thought of it had filled every waking moment, thwv blank the world had suddenly become again; and he shivered as 'he sat before the fire whidh blazed up the chimney. "lit will be a. white Christmas, sir," said Mrs. Mitchell, cheerily. She had come in to remonstrate with Gilbert 071 his want of wippetite, and remained to try to hearten him up. '/I? it still snowing?" asked Gilbert, wo, sir. The snow Iras stopped, and the sky is clearing nicely; but the moon's on flier back, BO itliere'II be no thaw yet awhile. We like a white Christmas here in Landewame, bu.t we don't often get it." "Then this is really Landewarae?" "La.ndewarme Parish. Yes, sir. 'Tis only 1a scattered bit of a vrillage, but Landewame House is clcsishere; vou tan see it in winter time from your.bedroom win dow; Tit? a lonely-looking place, now, sure enough." ' "Miss Hard wick is away?" "Yes, sir, been away these twelve months. 'Tis lonely hare, I make no doubt, for a young lady aUne; but w* often wish her back agam. She wis a great favourite here, was M i*s Hard wick; and before the old gentleman's .death there seemed to be no place like T-andewame to her, she was so set on it, a.nd now we hear that she's been trying to let it. But, law me, the old place hlas gone to rack and ruin these last thirty years. Old Mr. Hardwick spent freely when he was a young man, a-nd money grew scarea, I've limi-d. There was never a Hard wick who wa.sn't free- handed, and it's brought 'em to poverty at last, I sirpipose." Gilbert smiled ait 'ths thought of poverty as he recalled Mies Hardwick's appearance at Bury Hall a year ago. He knew but little of the price of furs and silks and frip peries, buit he knew that he had never seen a better- dreaded woimum. Mrhcn Mrs. Mitchell -had left him he went to his bedroom, and, shading the lamp, he Walked to t'he wmdmv and looked out upon his new surroundings. The world was whits with snow and mocnligh't, the sky was clear, the night was still. Right before 'him, beyond t'he" boun dary oi fihe farm lands on this side, rose a grand old mansion, looking desolate and distinct in the rarefied air. At the other side and at tne back Gilbert could see that the house was shpltered bv fine tree*; hut the side unon which he "looked was op^n, as was tiJie front, where, as far as ins eye could trace, stretched out terraces, and garden^, and lawns. " I'hilt is her home," thought Gilbert, na^ionate-ly. ** nuat, alt any rate, I. may look upon and touch. Ah. ^he seems nearer t'o me here! It was worth coming for." Ho leaned. on the windowaeat, and gazed, long and eageriy, upon Eleanor Hard wick's home. At length, as he leaned there, with hi= eyes riveted on the scene before him, a movement on the snowy stretch of lawn eangWt -his attention. Rousing himself from his reverie, he leaned forward, and looked mere closely at the 'spot where the movement had seemed to he. There was certainly something moving, something slowly neiring the gann't, desofaite house. The night was so clear, the ground so in tently white, thtft Gilbert's eye could fol low the moving form easily as it went for ward. It seemed <to_be weary, or in no hurry; the colour of 7t did not seem to be very dark-greyish rather than black; but though St fftood rather high from the ground, !be coul3 not tell whether it was a £wman being or an animal. "Curious," "he thought, as he watched it intently. "A11 animal would scarcely prowl aiboirt a deserted pflace in this coid wea ther, When flhere are so many shel terts here at the farm; and no human creature can have business at an emwty house." There was no swerving or hesitation about the moving »hane, however, and at last Gilbert saw it reach what seemed to be a small side door of the silent mansion: but there the moving shape seemed tn melt into the darkness of the door itself, and. for a few moments he could not follow jt. it seemed gone. Siiddenlv Eleanor's fight worHs of a yp*r atro came back to his mind, sending the blood conrsing swiftly through his veins. "A grey. . snarling wolf, which prop's nbant onfoidp. and nf- 1pnptT> "^mes in it the door; and I am afraid of it." And even as he remembered, he fancied he saw-he felt almost certain lie saw, unless his strain ing eyes were deceiving him--the door, of this empty, barred mansion slowly open, and the grey figure vanish into the inner darkness. "MISS HARDWICK! ELEANOR!-DON'T YOU ENOW THAT I LOVE YOU?" Gilbert stood rigid, with his eyes fasten ed oh that door. He had never believed in ghosts, but this --? Jf there were such things r.s ghosts, if his eyes had not tricked him, no wonder that Eleanor Hardwick had left her 1 home to its solitude and its ghost, and had fled in horror. ' But in time Gilbert's common-sense came back to him. "I am bewitched by the moon," he mut- j to red, impatiently. "Most probably some | tramps have managed to find a shelter in ' the old house, by fair means or the reverse. I'll go and have a look. i Telling the old farmer, whom he met in the hall, that he was going to have a stroll and a cigar before bed-time, he stepped out into the snowy garden and made his way towards Eleanor H.ardwick's home. A fancy fell upon him that he was serving her by investigating this mystery-that he was protecting her possessions - and it brought him some comfort. j There was some difficulty in gaining ac cess to the grounds, but the walls and gates were not in very good condition, and Gil bert was fairly athletic, and certainly de termined, «o a little climbing soon brought him over the barrier to the shrubbery ?which skirted the lawn. With a grim smila, he thanked his lucky star that Landewarce was primitive, for assuredly in any more worldly place lie would have been detected and arrested for trespassing, if not for housebreaking. Very carefully he examined the ground as he went, but he could see no footsteps; only two continuous trails in the snow I where the lawn edged the drive, done pur 1 posely, he concluded, or by i-ome strange j creature, whose species he could not guess. | Hurrying to the door, he listened long | and eagerly, but minute after minute passed j | and he could hear no sound, but an occa sional sob as of the wind in the trees. Then with a firm stealthy hand he tried the door; it would not yield, it was fast locked. Stepping back, lie looked up over the house; but he could see no light from any chink. He walked round the whole of the straggling building, again and again he tried the various doors, but nothing gave him any clue to the mystery; all was fast barred, and dark, and silent. Puzzled and baffled hg made his way back to the farm, determined to say nothing of his doubts or suspicions, but to investigate the i matter further by daylight. I Contrary'to Mrs- Mitchell'j expectations, there was another fall of snow during the night, and by morning all traces of Gilbert and nis ghost were gone from the ground* ' of Landewarne House. Most of the following day was spent by Gilbert in examining Landewarne Houss from the outside. It was soothing, yet torturing, to be there, s> close to all which was dear to Eleanor-to the home where she had grown to her beautiful womanhood. But as far as last night's mystery was con cerned he could make no discovery what ever. All doors were locked, all windows shuttered. . "I suppose there are no means ot getting in to see the house?" Gilbert asked Mrs. Mitchell. ... "No, sir, I'm aftfaid not; not without writing to the lawyers. Miss Hardwick has her own keys, find her lawyers' have another such set in case any one wanted to take the house; but no one hereabouts Iso Gilbert was forced to content himself with gazing at Eleanor's home from the outside; ana when evening fell he sat again on his bedroom window-*seat to watch it from that vantage point. _ This time he had scarce-y looked out upon it before he saw again a moving form, and this time it went from the doorway towards- the -back of the house, where the trees made a shelter. The irtoon had not yet risen, so noithiug was very distinct, and had it not been for the whiteness ot the ground it might easily .have escaped his notice; but that the thing-ghost, human or animal-was there he felt sure. A sudden thought sprang up in his mind -a determination which he did not stay to question. , "It is worth trying, ' he murmured, and going downstairs as unobstrusively as pos sible he stepped again «,ut into the snowy world, and made his way to Landevvarne Creeping quickly to the side door he found with a throb of satisfaction that his hasty idea had been correct. Tne door was unlocked, and hastily turning the heavy handle he opened it, slipped inside, and closefl it after>. him. I All was dark and still as death. T ! fancied that he must r>e in a small aide lobby; and, uncertain what to do,, he waited motionless and almost breathless. 1 Before very long what he had half-ex pected came to pass. I he door was sott.y ' pushed open', closed again, and locked; and Gilbert was conscious that something or ; somebody was standing near him in the darkness. , . r<;« i [t was a ghastly moment, and Gilbert, strong, courageous man as he was, felt his heart bating almost to suffocation as he realized that he was alone, in darkness, in this dart ed house, with this mysterious grey thing vvhic!h had eluded him the night before, and which mig9rt be an armed and desperate creature for all he knew of its identity. But even as t>he thought of his situation coursed through 'has brain the'thing-what ever it was-moved across the floor- ft could hear a swish and, he thought, the sound of footsteps; then, with his straining cars he 'heard it mountmg ^r«, and stealthily, scarcely daring to breathe or litt a foot, 'he followed the sounds. He move! after the moving thing, lie felt the lowest stair, and then went up and up and up. The flights seemed interminable, yet al ways ahead of him lie could hear the R*Th and tlhe tread, and by degrees Iv.s heart lightened, for he guessed that it must in truth be some living, human being. At length a.sharp turn showed a dim light com ing from a doorway. He could sea the up .ri<*ht, crev figure moving towards it*; ne ioj lowed the figure entered the room; rt.il! he followed. Then the figure turned, and a sudden cry of terror rang out in the old echoing house! , "Eleanor! he cried. Eleanor. . A thin, white ghost of Eleanor Hardwick seemed to stand before his eyes, trembling with horror in her eyes. Then the horror gradually taded; ©flanged as she was he knew her to' be real, and involuntarily lie [held his arms to her. "You1" ethe cried, shrilly, turning upon, him, with wide eyes and gripped hands. "How dare you intrude! What right have you to force your way into my «?use But at the-last words her voice broke, and in another moment e)he had sunk to t>he floor, a huddled heap in her long grey cloak, sobbing as if her ftuart would break. Eleanor," be cried, raising her ,n his arms "what does tihis mean? Tell me. 1 will iieln you, whatever it is." When her first storm of sobs was over ehe raised her head and faced him mildly. Tell vou? Yes; I wUl tell you! What does it matter who knows. I am I am penniless! Can t y<m see what it means?" _ . Gilbert gazed at her m amazement. "Starving. ? You!" he exclaimed. But ^"l^waa^never rich," declared. , "I only plaved at beiDg rich-just for two weeks! Oh, I had been poor and lonely go lone," s>he wailed. "Die temptation was so strong. I yielded when the mvitafean came; it waa rr\y last .chance of a taste of Jiappiness. I deceived yon all. l tricked yon all, even my kindest frienda.? , "How did you do it?" he asked gentry. "I sold the onlv jewels that jcrandnapa left me. Thev were honestly mine, rhey ought to have gone to pay the deM*. I I knewsr; but T wanted to be happy, JuSt i°r * '7\nd fllnc^'then ?" he a asked. Hia voice was unsteady with the love he was trying to repress , , *** "ffinee then T hav*> worked as a fnven|e|s in a little school. They fed me, but r cou?d not pay me much, because I could not teach much. And then, when the hodid-aya came. -I had to come away. What could I do but come home-to the old homo which no one will rent or buy from me? 1 meant to be so brave, but hunger makes a coward of one." "My darling!" he wffisperaL She did not hear the words, or she did not resent them; sshe only bowed her head, and sank back sobbing. Gilbert's heart was racked. He Wanted to say so much, yet he feared to tie his own hands by speaking again of his love. "Eleanor," he said, desperately, "did I-« did we 'help you to happiness last Christ* mws?" "Happiness!" she cried. "I was wildly happy. I had often played at being a queen amidst a brilliant throng when I was lonely and grandpapa was asleep; and at Bury Hall it seemed (like a continuation of the piny, only better, more entrancing, until just at the end. Then I awoke sud denly to the reality, on the night of all nights, when I wanted the pretence to bs mort complete. But I saw that you loved me, and the love was so real it sent all my makebolieves shivering to nothing. You did say you loved me then, didn't you?" she pj'eaded. "That was true." "'TVue!'' he cried, joyfully. "The truest words I ever spoke, and '/rue still. I Jove yon, Eleanor. I wijr.^up you!" "A'h!" T3ae trembling cry of overwhelm ing happiness broke from her lip's, and he caught .her in his arms. For long he held her there', till a shiver whidi ran through her brought him hack to eommon-?ense. "Come," he said, tenderly. "I must take you to warmth and comfort. I cannot lose you now." "How did you find me?" "I followed your ghost-the grey wolf,"' he replied smiling. She shivered again. "My ghost wai 'Want,' " she whispered. "I way so frigh tened of it." "That is laid for ever, now," he declared. "But it has been a good ghost to me." And pressing bis lips to hers he drew her from the bare chilly room and guided her back to comfort and light. Mrs. Mitchell was amazed when Gilbert led Ek'anor into Trethick Hall, but her pride and delight knew no bounds. "I have known Miss Hard wick for some time," said Gilbert by way of explanation, "and I told her that you all wanted her back at Eandewarne." This was quite true, but he did not say that the words had been spo"ke'n within the last'five minutes. "She has come unexpectedly, and has had a ter ribly cold time in getting here, but she hopes she will not be unwelcome." "Unwelcome! Miss Hardwiek unwel come, indeed!" cried Mrs. Mitchell, look ing into the lovely grey eyes, which were smiling and weeping by turns. "Come in, my dear, come in. You're cold and tired, I'm sure. Here father! Charlotte! Here's Miss Hardwiek, bless her heart." The excitsment at Trethick Farm was in tense, and all was bustle, cheerfulness, and pleasure. But la ter on Charlotte found time to remark to her mistress that it wouldn't surprise her (Charlotte) if there were wed ding bells at Landewarne before long. It didn't need more than two eyes to sea some things. And Charlotte, being an in telligent maid. Mrs. Mitchell did not scorn her far-sightedness. Therefore when 5n the early spring .Landewarne did resound with wedding chimes there were two persons at least who were not surprised, and who enjoyed the extreme pleasure of remarking many time;,*, "There, now; I told 'ee so." IThe End.] 