Tenacity of Life. 'It is an astonishing thing how some species of ' animate will cling to life,' said Longbow as He hesitated beiween the' choice of a coffee berry and a clove. 'I read in an authentic work a short time ago that an alligator will go on fighting for bjours after the twain has been removed from. its, body. ? 'How long have you been. studying natural history?' asked ^Vhoppers with a rapid but comprehensive survey of the free lunch table. ?''Not long,' answered Longbow. 'But I was thinking of the, extraordinary way a lobster I saw yesterday held on to his time on earth. , I went into the Arcadia and ordered a broiled live lob ster. After I had ordered it I told old Shuffles, the head waiter, that ! the last one had evidently jbeen; boiled sevaral days before it was broiled. 'Come with me,', he says, and took me into the kit chen. There stood the cook, with uplifted knife, over an enormous green bodied lobster that was frothing at the gills';- with passion. The knife came down, and Mr Lob spread himself but in two equal divisions, but was livelier than ever. ,^ ? ?)1 / 'Two more blows severed, the claws from the body, but each claw continued to gnash its teeth with rage. One caught hold of the knife and tried to get it from the cook, but the blade was so sharp it had to let go. In another minute it was writhing on the silver grill with a vigor that would have sham ed any of Mr Fox's most active martyrs. I thought the struggle would never end; but at. last, witn a deep sign, he gave up the ghost, and as he did so blushed a rosy red with shame at what he thought his weakness.' 'What'll y' have?' asked Whoppers tersely. ' Same,' responded Longbow, agleam of triumph in his eye. \' ' As you say,' said Whoppers as he paid for the drinks, ' lobsters are very tenacious of life. Hut they're not in it with eels.' . ' Is this another fish story ? ' asked Longbow cynically, but with a faint suspicion of approaching discomfiture. 'Well, I suppose. an eel is a fish as much as a lobster,' retorted Whoppers curtly. ' UufI was going to give you a specimen of what the eel can do in the clinging to life line. ? I was fishing for pike in Sloppy creek a couple of summers ago, and one day 1 pulled out the largest eel I ever saw in my life. -- 1 won't tell you how large he was, because if 1 did you might doubt the rest of it. He was not only big, lie was athletic. He was the contortionist eel that ever sucked a bait off a hook. One minute he'd pirouetting on the end of his tail, then he'd stand on his, neck and go through all the evolutions of a skirt dancer with the rest pf him. I had brought with me the biggest basket that I coiild find in S'lpppyville, but, try, as I would, I couldn't double, that eel up and get him in the basket. ' Finally, when we'd both agreed on a: breathing' spell, I picked up ;ari axwhile he was resting' and, with one blow, cut him clean in to; ??, Do., you think that quieted him ? Not ti; bit of it. The ^vq ends lookedlip at .'me vvith'minglcd hatred and reproach and before :'-'I could get the basket any where, near them had jumped back into, the creek. Now comes the most ! curious part of it. What do you suppose the 'consequence was?' 1 ?..:'.-.' v ,?'.'?.??';' '?'???',' ?'?'?:.? . '' ' I haven't the remotest idea,', replied Longbowuecasily. : _? ' Well, I'll tell .you,' said .Whoppers in that impressive way,' of his that always made his friends squirm. 'Subsequent' investigation proved that tlie two ends of tfiat eel married each other and raised 'a whole colony of bifurcated cclctsl ' Longbow looked at Whoppers long and earnestly without' utte.-ing a word. ' Mine's whisky,' suggested the latter, as he returned the look with a frank, in genuous smile. 