lf{« 1 ? 1 ly Soldier Keeper. CM AFTER II ' On:the,conti'iu'Jj no man in the regiment knew the range or the face of i that dummy better than I did, for, apart from my position as junior sub altern, whoso duties often brought him on the range, I was one of tlia keenest riflo shots in the regiment, and ex pended many a round of government ammunition in private practicc. ' This bullet hole in the dummy, unexplained ?and'unpn.id for (for we fined any one who hit the dummy) coupled to the fact that 110 one spoke to having seen lory's shot strike sand or treo or butt, puzzled me a good deal. But Brown was dead and there seemed an end of it. ' A few months later I was sent to command the men at a little hill sana torium. Amongst 'the men under my command was I1 rv. It was dreary work ..TjKikerc, without a brother offi cer anywhere near, sick men all round me1, and cholera so, prevalent as to have reached us even in the sana torium. . 'Day after day men wero dying, some -of them of. pure funk, and I don't know anything more depressing than the constant presence of death and the constant recurrence of the sights and sounds which accompany a soldier to his last resting-place. These at last 'we had to put a stop 101 mo sake of the survivors, and even resort to punishing the least sign of ' nerves ] amonst the men who remained, as if .they . had committed some grievous sin. ' At last Marshal, the doctor, broke down and lay dying, .and then a man came to me to say Fry was down and with cholera, the doctor being too ill to attend. ' A glance at Fry was enough, and, at my wits' ends, I did the best I could for the fellow — seized a suit of flannels which lav handy, : soaked them in , ..„/T ? fliAm DOlling water, '''?IT1-' tightly round his stomach. I his seemed to give him ease, and I thought that, bad conditioned scoundrel though lie was, that he was grateful and would recover. I was wrong on both points. 'Towards evening they came to me over. iuy solitary cheroot, and told me that the man Fry was sinking fast I went to him, of course, at once, and found the-news true. ' Drawn and terrible to look at, as oiiiy victims of that terrible disease can',1 be, Fry yet pressed me for further confirmation of his fate. ' Was he dying ? ' ' Was . I absolutely certain that he could'not by any chance re cover'!' 'Ah, well, I. thought so,' he whispered j ' then I'll tell you seme thing to show you what a cursed set of fools you officers arc. You remem ber; Barlow -being shot by your fa vourite servant, and Brown disappear ing^ after.' The fellow waited tor an answer and.groaned so feebly that I thought ho would not have life to finish. his'speech; I nodded. 'Well,' lie went on, 'I shot Barlow. Brown ought to have done it by rights, but hadn't the heart of a chicken. What he run away for beats me but it's just as well lie did, for aft?V that shot 110 one would have believed as ho did not slioot Barlow against my oath. Yes, I done it, and I'm glad I done it. I hated 'em both, and a pretty set of fools you all were,' and with a cliuclflo mingling wtih his death rattle this utterly hardened scoundrel died.' * . . * * As I finished my story the firo had burnt out. Brown sat as it were in a. stupor, his head buried in his hands, and the first ray of the sun -rose and touched the far- off ridge of tho snow peaks, with a; fiery finger filling the j grey ?heaven.v with rosy hues, and flood ing the snow with colour like a rising flush. Crossing the ashes ' I held out my hand to Brown, laying the other 011 his shoulder, 'Come,' I said, 'Joe, there's fair play for you. As your character, is cleared a new day. is be ginning' fdi\ you, my man ; come back homo with me, my own service is all but over. Finish tho rest of your life with me about' my old home.' I can't paint the man's face or words ? 1 -c . T -1 ? -i. in liny worus 01 initio, j. uuuu uum* lie said many, but I know that when he accepted tho berth of gamekeeper about my old place at home there was no happier man and no more devoted servant than the deserter, Joe Brown. Fronr the -foot of the Nilgherries to the foot' of the Cotawold Hills is a long step indeed, but my reader must tako it if ho would see [the closing scene in this little history of a wander ing life. \- We left Brown by a dead camp firo among the mighty trees of India ; we meet him again just sallying from tho wicket of his keeper's cottage at Ful ferd. To a wanderer returned from tho East tho old 'country' at first conveys an impression ot' smallness. Tho en -ilosp.d fiolds aro so tinv. the hills so dwarfed and insignificant, the colours so soft and quiet, tho scenery so un impressivo and' slumbrous. It'is'a country of ants after a conn try of giants, but a second glance re commend*' the country of ants in pre ference to the land of groat things. If the colours are i|uiut they at any rate arc not lmr.sh : if hill and tree and landscape generally is 011 a small scale, it is tho small scale of the min iature where evoiy hne is wrought carefully to peitection. It is a miniature as compared to sceno paint ing, and the one tires while the ioi mei satisfies. Of all the villages of Eng land none have inoro of this beauty ot the miniature than Fulford, with its irregular streets ot grey stone houses, garlanded with masses of purple clem atis, its old grey church gazing through the windows (rich with the colours of Albert Durer), upon tho fairest dim pled trout stream in Great Britain. Over the stream and below the church runs a bridge, and at its town end stands the mill, grey stone grown greyer with age, green and brown in patches, with moss fed by the spray from the mill-race, and dappled over with soft shadows of the million fluttering leaves of those old trees gathered round its Trails. I Tim ran -mill PS foaillin' down from I the park. above, whore the broad still ?waters godrcaming past smooth-shaven lawns, whose greenery they mirror until thoy suddonly wake to life, and tumble in white foam into the pool below. Above thr pool is the miller's little garden, and here in these soft J uly i evenings, the old man blows away the dust of his calling and reads his paper while pretty Harriet, his daughter, j pretends to do needlework by his side. I am bound to admit that when the undergraduates from Oxford get leave tojfish this pool very little of that needle work gets done ; but then angling is an art congenial to women, and no wonder Harriet loves to watch it. This evening the workman-like figure in' waders is no undergraduate, but Harriet seem? pleased to see him, „ ,1 , 1 ? ? ? tu- tor all tnat, ana anxious mai ? mu pretty broad sailor hat should be tilted oyer her eyes at exactly the most be coming angle. 'Good evening, Miss Harriet. Any one done any good lately with the fish?' asks Brown. 'No; most of those who come here tell me they catch something, but I never see them do it,' answered Harriet, opeuing the garden door to the keeper. 'Don't watch their Ay close enough when you are about, perhaps Har riet V' ? ' N one of your nonsense. Mr. Brown, even if every o'ne isn't as in terested in fishing as you are. No body ever took your attention oil your beastly old fish.' Now Harriet was getting angry just a little, for it was quite true that though he was glad enough to fish from the garden, Brown was not much of a talker when engaged on what he called business. Harriet was going into the liouso, when Brown's voice stopped her. 'By Jove, what a whopper ! Har riet come here.' Compo'led by curiosity and by that sense of obedience natural to women, Harriet turned and found the keeper with his eyes fixed like those of a man who has seen a ghost, on the boiling little pool below. ' What is it 1 ' Mr. Brown. -» Wall itici* f.lio Wflrrrotf. fiJi noii.1' Fulford. Do you sec him '! ' ' What in the stream ! ' 'No; there in the shadow of the bank just outside the stream; not that fish by tho weed, he'is a bar# pound, but blew him, a foot' or so below j him.' Now an ordinary woman's eyes would probably have seen 110 fish in the pool at all, but Fulford girls have the eyes of a king-fisher for detecting the finny tribes, be they basking or rising or sulking on the golden gravel. 80 Harriet saw the pounder spoken of with such contempt : she saw in the silver ripples and white foam two jor throe other good fish with their heads up stream, sucking down the drowning flies, or darting front time to time at smaller rivals who dared to invade their happy hunting grounds, but for ,a moment she saw no more. At last, with a gtusp, she caught Brown by the arm. 'Oh, Mr. Brown, I see him ; surely that can't be a trout.?' ? I 'Well, Harriet, it ain't no pike, you may bet on that : pike don't rise at flies, my girl, at least not often.' Just in the shadow of the bank, where the water ran swift and smooth under overhanging trees, practised eyes could see a great black shadow softly rising and settling down again in the water. It was like the ghost of a fish, so still was the water, so quiet 'and phantom-like its motions. L when the duns ene aftor another were silently sucked down to death no ripple broko the water, or at any rate not half so big a ripple as the gay little fish of two ounces made on the ford below. . As they watched, something was whirling down on the edge of the broken water, and with a' rush tho big shadow turned and snatched his prey, showing a huge broadside to the watchers 011 the bank, and then settl ing quietly back into his lair. ? 'Four pounds, or I'm a nigger,' gasped the keeper. 'Well, you are Brown,' but niggers are mostly black,' retorted Harriet ; 'hadn't you better try to catch the fish? looking at him won't do it.' 'Don't you be saucy, miss. 'Looks catch some fish bigger than him. No, don't go, we'll see if we can't get him between us. Your eyos and mv rod, Harriet.' 'How do you moan, Joe?' Of course it was an accident, the ex citement made her call him Joe. 'Well, this way. You sit there and watch, tell me when my fly covers him, and I'll go into the pool below and fish up to him.' 'All l ight, only bo quick.' (TO DE CONTINUED,) , 