? MINSTREL ENTERTAINMENT. Notwithstanding tlm? bad sf^te of the roads hereabout, a large audieace at!«nded jit the School of Arts on Wednesday eveaijlg last, -when a minstrel aiid variety ^seagiven by the B<w»&FM;<)ral MJn&trel; Troupe. The troupe (j»d previously appeared here,Jbut wer^ptfnfortuuate in tha' matter: of wea^ief ^atvd rotjds, so that a second visit was determined upon, aiid although ;£he roads were again had the repulktifm obtained by tlie troupe on the OMasim of their previous visiVwas sudfctsii'ly good to in duoe people to face a few difficulties rather than miss* the opportunity of hearing them. A rattling good performance was stagw], and kept the audience in roars of laughter. Mr. Dave Jack has becoiuis such a "pit" with the audietice8:of the distiict tint he is quite accustomed to being encored for his contributions, but on Wednesday night he excelled himself, and the audience " brought him back" tiuio after time, and never seemed to grow weary of having him on the stnge. Mr. Geo. Price, too, met with a heaity reception, as indeed did the whole of the performers, aiid the* vocal items were all well rendered and much appre elated. Mr. J. Hogan acted as inter locutor, and Mr. B. Bolton us accompanist, while Mir. Dave Jack rattled tha bones and Mr. Geo. Jones the tambo. The programme comprised : — Overture, Mr. Bolto<i ; chorus, " Heather Bell," company ; duet, "L»rboard Watch," Messrs. D. Jack and G. Pi ice ; " A friend of the family," Mr. G. Jones ; " I will take you back again," Mr. G. Price; " Rainbow it the sky," Mr. D. Jack, with "Hush' for an encore ; " What will your an swer be," Mr. E. Stokes ; " Strolling round the town," Mr. B. B.lton " M Giuty," Mr. J. Doyle ; " The pic ture that is turned towards (he wall,' Mr. J. Hogan. "Charley's silly b o th°r" was given aB a finale to the first part and caused ^roars of laughter. The parts were tatfen by Mr. J. Hog in, "Charley;" Mr. D. Jack, "Silly bro ther;" and Mr. G. Price, "Ghost." The second part was as f .Hows :— " Sleeping Camp/' Mr. G. Price, encore " The Holy City •' How can they tell I'm Irish," Mr. D. Jack, who gave " A m.qi of education " and " Flannigan the lodger" in response to a double encore; " It's all up with poor little Tommy now," Mr. J. Doyle, encors " I am a poor little stump of a man;" " Mulcahy Esq.," Mr. Geo. Jones ; " They're coming on again," Mr. E. Stokes, with "She was a stranger in London " for an encore ; "Alabama," Mr. Dive Jack, who was again brought bick three times. The programme concluded with the sidesplitting f iree " Alligator Jimmy," in which the parts were well sustained by Mr. Jackj as "Alligator Jimmy ;" Mr. Bolton, "Lord Sing-de- Rischas;" and Mr. Hogan, " Mrs. , S'igong." 