*sft«SH*r'st«er«f!=~ ?* \ QiBBIELLE'S GHOST. ;»„ * Ton English poUoe,1 said Monsieur Qw. j, «hr, the worid-finoas SzesjoB'tttsstifa, as : k» buri baokln bie ofaab, a«d lit m cigar— ~- 'job JbgUsfc rolloe have your methods of r a*teoHoa, whienan admirable in their way. t »ndj»*wbjehfa)l short in something, and that «W*hlngTto»^HT«nWr II^Ting HMSfM. ww wwuku * plm» you nan worn » up ?? El, ddllfdr h any letoottves fa the wmM; Hb; tat, falling 13oh oloe. I most waft* mSr~ gentlemen, your little puns an too often Hfc% doosaed to failure; Imaginativeness is, In Sjr 'V 'nmble opinion, u neoeaeary to the »r detective as to the raooessful novelist, sad B* if you will forgive ay talking of myself, I H? - Wtt tel) yon the story of the ease whioh ?& brought mo what fame I ban the honour Sill'? tft tinaaaM In *lta\t *-??* k 1..JI —..A K. the slightest olae to go npon, bit the Im Ij* aginative instinct served me in each a man. M- nar that Iran my man to earth. fit; - 'One 'sultry morning in August, I wai p ooigtnjsstohedtofco to the Chateau Honor, » at Vfflefort, a rural district about forty y mile* 60m tatu, where, it seemed, a mys :, toriou* orime had been oommittad. fv Mademotodle QabrieUe Honoy, the only ?p- daughter of the ohateau, had been found on &, ' the floor other bedroom early that morning r~. quite dead, the medical evfdenoe showing , that she had been killed by poison. * - 'On arrival at the ohatean, I waa at ohoe ij ushered into the presence of Monsieur „; Massy, a dignified, mUdle-agsd nun, who |fr ' tow to greet me as I entered. He mi Jv oreroome with grief, and it wu plain to see -c& that he had been weeping oontinaonaly. 03' - 'Be seated, monsieur,' he said, in a low &\- tonB.'andlwfflgiveyouBUthepartlouliirs fT rtuyalspotal of this awtol affair? S , 1 obeyed his request, and seated myself ji ' near the window. ;- ' ' Now, monsieur,' I said, quietly, ? I am v' entirely at your servioe.' ?JU ' In that oasei' he returned, 'I will pro-, ft-.-' oeed to explain mitten to . you without j £ further delay. Yesterday morning I went Sfc1 to Paris to attend a sitting' of the Chamber s ' of Deputies, of whioh I -cSve the honour of ' & , being a member. ^1 left in the house my Hi poor.daughter $abrij»lle, her po win Monsianr P.' Ernest Money, my seorptary— a joungman V named Vantiin— and ike house' serrjutts, in ' oluding Madame Blanche, the .housekeeper. t -- ' The Chamber sitting late last evening, I -???? stayed at an hotel' where I usually pnt up when in Paris, and this morning at nine o'clock X was horrified to reodve a telegram from my housekeeper informing me that my daughter had been discovered dead* I at onoe came post-haste to this house, and found that the itnesaage was only too true. The dootor who had been hastily summoned declared that my daughter had been poisoned by. means of some vegetable drug, suoh as brucine or strychnine. This is all I have to tell you.' 'Do yon suspect anyone V 1 asked, after a short. pause, 10 the passing of whioh the distressed father sat loosing at me with anxious eyes. ' Is there anyone in the house who would benefit by this death f* 'Only one— Monsieur Earnest Honoy, my poor daughter's oousln, the next of kin. But he is so admirable and excellent a young man. that to suapeot him Us madness.' 'The secretary F' ? is a man whom I have taken from poverty and destitution, and whoie fortune I am making, seeing that I am to obtain for him a secretaryship to the Minister for In struction. Hardly the man, monsieur, to repay me for my servioes by murdering my only ohild.' ' True enough. The other inmates of the house are, I suppose, not to be suspected for a moment f ' 'Not for a moment. They all loved my ohild, and would have died for her.' ?Could anyone have obtained admittanoe to the house during, the night f ' 'Impossible. Every, door was barred and bolted as usual, so the bausekeeper informs me.' 'Borne visitors might have called last evening f* ' No visitor oould have oalled. The storm kept everyone away.' ? From whom do you obtain these faots V 'From Madame Blanche, the house keeper, f ethapa you would like to inter rogate herf' ? It would baas well, I think.' ?Monsieur Honoy touched a bell, and summoned the woman, who was evidently in a straightforward, sensible manner, and, whilst U is not usual for men of my pro fession to judge from appearance, I never theless felt oonvinoed when Madame Blanche quitted the room that she was as innocent of duplicity in evidenoe as she was of oomplicity in the orime. ? Ton are satisfied with the housekeeper t' asked Monsieur Honey when she had de parted. 'Quite. There seems no reason to doubt the aocoiaoy of her statements. She affirm* that Mademouelle Gabrielle did not quit the house yesterday, and no visitor oalled. Now what does the dootor say as to the time when the poison was swallowed V 'Heoan say nothing very definite until after the post-mortem ; but he is willing to swear that the poison was administered within twelve hours of the finding ol the ?Then it is pretty dear that the poison : was administered by some individual in this .. - house P ; 'Undoubtedly. There can be no other : theory f 1 ' BxoepUng one,' I put in, nervously, 'and you will not be offended at my refer ring to it. Toung ladies have been known t ? before now to destroy themselves. Can it be possible that this Is a case in point f 'Be sprang. ?Monsieur Gamier,' he oried passionately, ?dismiss that idea from your mind at onoe. My daughter was the happiest girl in the promoe, . and more than that, her firm religion would have led her to look upon suicide as a deadly «in. 1 am willing to swear by the Almighty who made me that she who lies dead upstairs did not die by her own hand.' 'Calm yourself, monsieur,' I said, gently, feeling much sympathy for the heartbroken man, ? caun yourselt, and remamber that it is only by oalmness that yon oan aid myself and the polio, in arriving at the ,ttuth. We will dismiss the theory of self-destruction, since you say that suoh a course was im possible to your daughter, and we will re turn to the possibilities. They are as follows.' ?Qflon,' he said, quickly; 'I am Us 'We have proved to our own satistastion that your daughter has died of a poison given her by an inmate of this house. It is hardly kkely that any of the menial section of the household, can be oonoerned in the above . auspioion. Xhia narrows down our possibilities to two persons.' I paused. He sodded to me to go on, and I oontmued : ' Those persons are Konsieur Ernest, your nephew, and the other person your secretary.' ?Impossible I' headed; 'Vautrin, the secretary, oould have no possible motive. Arnest would have a motive certainly, but his nature would shrink from such a crime.' ?We are merely dssoosring poanbilitiea,' I returned, slowly, ? and the realm of sue is, as you know, a large one- It teems to me, however, that, even assuming one of these men is guilty, it will be impaMible to fasten his gnUt upon him.' 1 Surely it is plain enough. You have two men in a, house, either of whom may haveadministeWapoiacn. Htnr shall you say whioh of those two mem it is r ?Ahj yes. It is a terrible myitwy. MonDirol What is to b» done ristagVMSk aftat tfce in«iaest had been GSM the gosa— scbwi wamlmtkni man*. tSmmmuJma asSWanoe may be gstoed if suSiaouiry ; but I fear U wiU be very ittle. Ami noir. with your peradaateaVl should liketbTiew the boiy.' ?He sighed heavily, *»a rang the beU. ' * Mt^if'V1 ftt»twii^ Aaii frtHWu'Bawy yftUi* * -The' h'o'uset^pe* ^n^Eed'aie to the ehanAer when the nnferttnite girt lay: and, going towards the bed, I Iflted the sheet whioh oonoealed the rigid fade. jIjm as' I-did so I sttartd a low ory. ?By some strange ooisoidenes, the f so* wastteimagsof a oertain oousin of «nr ao quaintanoe — a young girl ' known' as Julie da Meran— who was studying at tbeOooserr*. toin, with a view tbbMamingan'aotresa. It is said that all men and women Jmve somewhsre their doubles .; the double of this dead girl was my ooasbi Julie de Heran. 'As I gated on the wonderful likeness, there rose in my brain a su3deh inspiration. It flashed through mT nt'Ft^ like lightning and fascfnated me there and jthen. Gk&ig; tastily downstairs, after replaoing the sheet, I returned to Monsieur Money's room and dosed the doot. ?Monsieur,' I said, 'I have seen the corpse. And the seeing of it has given me apian.' ?A plan!' he cried. 'What do you meanr A.pianoi aetaononr ?Aye. A plan by whioh, if all goes well, confession can be .extorted from,the orlmlnal, '. and justice done on your daughter's as sassin.' ' He oame towards me and grasped my hands'. ' ' ? 'Monsieur Oarnler,' he said, in a voloe husky with emotion, ' do this, and you will . have earned my everlasting thanks.' ?I. will confide to you my plan,* I said, when lie bad somewhat oalmed himseU. 'I warn too, first of all, that it may appear to you .theatrical in the first place, and de Kjratlng'td the memory of your daughter in the e'eooud place. Bat I can think ol 00 her plan, and I leave it entirely to you hether I shall go through with it or not.' ' ''Whatever you suggest,' he returned, ' (hall' be done. Let justice be thought of before all else'.' Tell me your plan.' ' It is merely this,' Ieaid, quietly. 'When Iilcoked oil your daughter's iaoe a moment ;o, I was strnok by her resemblance to a cousin of mine — a young actress, Mile. Julie de Heran. It occurred to me then and there that I might prevail npon her to oome to this chateau at midnight in a month's time, and to impersonate the spirit of your departed child. Taken to the apartments of the suspeoted patties, the guilty one would surely proclaim his gnilt when brought face to iaoe at tnat w«ra hour of midnight with the phantom, as he would suppose, of his poor vlotim; The admission of guilt once made, all details as to the purpose and method if the crime could be elicited, and taken down by me from outside the chamber door. The plan is a strange one, but I think it is worth trying, and, more than that, Monsieur Mouoy, I think one other thing.' \- And that is f ' he oried, bis eyes on fire with excitement.' ' I think,' JC returned, deliberately, ? that it will Bnooeeu.' ' There was a long pause. Then he spoke and the words came firmly ; ? My friend,' he said, ' the plan is a ter rible one, and to aid you in it will be an ordeal snoh as I have never imagined. But sinoe at the end of it there may be suooess, I say to yon, ' Go on with your scheme, and may Heaven help you to discover the murderer of my poor little Gabrielle.' ' Discovering the culprit,' I made answer, 'will be useless unless we oan fasten the gnilt on him', and that is my reason for for mulating the etrange scheme of whioh I have told you. However, it is possible that between now and toe next few weeks some other way of doing jnstioe on the murderer will be found, in wnlob oase, oi oburs'e, my fantastic proposition will be dispensed with.' ? Be it so,' he made answer, after a pause. ' It is now the 7th of August- If by Sep tember 7 the mystery is not cleared up, I will telegraph to you, 'Come to Villefort,' and you will understand that the message is your authority to pat your plan into action. \- 1 understand,' I returned ; ' And now let me give you some instructions as to what is to be done in oase I am sent for. In the first plaoe', nobody is to know of my coming; and, secondly, the keys of the doors of your secretary and nephew must be taken away so that their apartments oan be entered. The slightest obstacle in our way might upset the whole affair most completely.' ? He assured me that these points should h«ve his attention, and then we shook hands and eaid adieu. ? ? * ? A month passed. At ten a.m. on Sep tember 7 I received a telegram. It simply said, 'Come to Villefort.' I knew then that the mystery, was still unsolved, and that it remained with me to help to solve it.' ? My Cousin Julie took in the whole affair immediately, and, so far from refusing her assistance, gladly proffered it when she she realised the importance of the iague at stake. It therefore came to pass that as the olooks were pealing the hour of midnight on September 7, Julie and myself knocked softly at the house door, and were admitted by Monsieur Honor. ? Oome in,' he said, his hands staking with nervousness which he tried to master. Oome in, and let us get this awful joene over.' ? At this moment he oaught light of Julie, and he reeled. 1 Merciful Heavens 1' he cried ; ' what a resemblance. It is my daughter's living image.' ' fctushl' I oried, fearful lest hU voice might disturb the inmates of the bouse. ? Hush 1 and let us lose no time. Conduct us first of all to the apartment of your nephew.' ? Ah 1' he oried ; ' then it is him you sus pect f ? Be good enough monsieur, to wait and see.' 1 We reached the apartment of Ernest Honoy, and found the door slightly ajar. The room was in darkness save for the moonlight, whioh came fitfully through the blind. Julie, trembling slightly, but thor oughly oalm, glided into the room, and touched the sleeping man on the shoulder. ' He awoke with a low cry. ?Mon Dleul It is the apparition of Gabrielle come baok from the grave I' ? les ; it is I— Gabrielle 1' she said, in a low tone ; ' I have oome back to find who was my murderer.' 1 It is not 1 1' he said. ' I loved von too well, Gabrielle, to injure you, and einoe your death I have tried in vain to find your assassin.' 1 It is well,' she returned, in the same tone.. 'Adieu.' ? Honoy fell back in a fainting condition, and Julie rejoined us. ' Our next step was to go to the room of the Secretary Vautrin. Here a terrible scent occurred, for no sooner had the man's gase fallen upon the midnight visitor, than he jumped from his oonoh, and shrieked out : ' Ahf God help me, have mercy upon me I It is the phantom of Gabrielle come baok to haunt me sinoe I took her Ufa. Help 1 help! help!' 'Be oalm,' said Julie, 'and toll me wby you took my life.' ?Do you not know? Turn away your eyes that they may not pierce my soul, and I will tell you. That night— that awful night of August 6, do you not remember. I insulted you, and you swore to tell your father, on his return, of the insult.' ' Foam was on his lips. He wiped it away, and went on, hoarsely : ' I knew that if your father heard of my behaviour, I was ruined. My position in this house was destroyed, and— worse than that— my prospects blasted in the future. A ?addon thought inspired by fhe^fiend, came to me, an8 that thougnt «iia, 'EUbor, anil Ihen she can do you no harm.' 'Onoe again he wiped bis lips with the ? Qo on,* said the-white-robed figure, ? tell me all.' ?All! There is little more to tell. A year previously, a college irfcmd ' bftd sent me some sfarvohftiae tot experimental »»?* in connection with a treatise I was writing on chemistry, and that strychnine lay in my desk unused. Going to the desk, I took the powder and emptied the whole of it into the milk- jug left by the servant on the tray outside yonr room; your oustomary drink in thenighto. I flattered myself that detection was -but of the question, for who was to know that I desired your removal (and.' it Seemed tome also that sospioioa would fall on your cousin, who would benefit by your death.* 'Sou have no more to sayF* uked the quiet figure at the bedside. 'No more. But, if you would not drive me mad, leave me now, and promise that you will return no more. For rather than be haunted by you, I swear that I will destroy myself at once, or surrender myself to the police at daybreak.' ' There is no need for either of those aots, Monsieur Vautrin,' I oried, bursting into ,tta room, followed by M. Money, ' for the polloe will save you the trouble of giviag yourself op. You are my prisoner. I arrest you in the name of the JEtapublio on your own confession of the wilful murder of Madeuouelle Gabriollo Monuy.' ' He tried to epoak, but words failed him. His jaw diopped, bis eyw Btarted from his bead ; if ever hopeless despair was written in a man's face, it was written in his face then. He made no resistance when I hand Miffed him, end submitted to being led away to the polioe depot without a word. ' His ooniessibn, taken down by me, and witnessed by ffulie ard Monsieur Money, was duly brought up at his trial, and he was, of oourse, found guilty. He went to the roiliotine, probably the first man in the his tory of orime whose confession of guilt bad b»en extracted by suoh means as I liara re lated, and whioh mews, I claim, were the result of the imaginative insonot whioh is essential to the suooeea of the detective of to- du,.' 