Local and General News ! DrurpEiuNCE.—Daring the week, a tramp is reported to hare disappeared in a rather mysterious manner. A pair of typical snn- i downers, who had covered many a dnsty and weary mile, halted on Tuesday night and pitched their camps close to the bridge over Martin's Galley, on the Uralle Road. Dnr. ing the night one of the wandering couple arose from his bank, lit his pipe, and an* nonnoed to his mate his intention of taking a quiet walk and smoke. He went outon the stroll, and, as far as the mate knows, is still strolling, for he did not return. He left his swag and all other worldly possessions in the camp, and the deserted mate, bring rather mystified at the suddenness of the disappear ance, reported the'mitter to the polios, who are investigating. The libel action, Caulfiald v. Korton, in which temperance expert Caulfield claims' £3000 damages, commenced in Sydney «& Thursday, before a special jury of 12, and is ptpoeedinf. BoonBix Rice.—Spot® wdigp fix the ChtutBte hohdijt ire sov bang orysn tfed in nriooe pcrti of the district, the moet important being the regwteted rwx meeting on the locaInaooD»(Xr. J. B. Fitzg&aJd;, Hon- See) Vpnrd< of £70 hi to be die* tribnted in ; ': foasjey, the principal handi cap being fin £1$. *fh&& rerj Hbetal psiz^s Aoolddriv good hone* from down-country, ■ad some ernrlleirt raring & certain to be j nlnetiei on the eventful day. Kondnitint' for the principal events close with the" honi aecieiary on 19th December. Death.—A very old identity in the jwwe of Kr. William St^u paeeed over to majority on Wednesday after a vray kmg period of meeting, lie deceased had been in Armidale a great —'"j Tiari, and fonig hie early dare iru proprietor of the local famwy. The closing stages of his Wee journey hare been burdened by an attached paralyse which the oU man contracted abbot a decade ago. The funeral took place co Thursday afternoon, a large "ail* of aor rowing relatione and aeeemHtog to i pay their last token of respect to the memory of the departed veteran. Gakdsx Faett.—The ladies ofthe AngH ran ec'tiiitkiiiy arc huev buVwij, snshge* mente for a garden fete within the grands of ffc. Peter't Parsonage, to take place on Tuesday next. In the afternoon (bom t lo 6 p in.) admisrion will be fine, mn* in the evening (bom 7 till 10; a small charge is to be made for entrance, children half price An eroeUgnt mnsaral programme will be rendered in the erenhig, and the gronnds wiH present a gay. and festive appearance with their refreshment, fancy goods, and flower stalls; and various iotereeting aide- shows The proceeds are to be devoted to St. Peter's Organ Fund. < Hiomatt GaiHSBnro. —The are op and doing, and are firmly resolved that the gathering on KewYeare Day will be a" memorable event in Hew England's history. Arrangements ate being entered into with a party of expect pipers and dancers from the metropolis, and in this par ticular department the carnival should be un usually interesting end exciting, .pro grammes for the various competitions^ to which very liberal prizes have been allotted, are in circulation far and wide, and there is no doubt that the various events will be keenly contested. Advertisements containing fuller particulars ofthe great gals day will be printed in due time. Death or Ha. B. H. Bayley.—On Tb or day night lb- Ralph Bayley, the wcll-knoe artist, died at the Criterion Hotel. M Bayley, who is a Londoner, come out t> ti colonise some two years ago and located hin self at Armidale. He was suffering fro consumption in an advanoed stage, and can to these parts in the hope that the climat change would prove beneficial. As t artist he was highly skilled, and during b brief sojourn in Hew England he paint* many beautiful pictures, many of which we purchased by local residents. One of tl finest productions of his brush was the oi painting of the President of the local Cal donian Society iHr. Buseell fiichardsbn), piece of work which has been greatly at mired. Mr. Bayley was only 28 years age, and while; fa'this city he made*'ion warm friends. The funeral took'pla yesterday afternoon, the - remains . beix interred in the Church of England oemeter I Deoeaaed had no relatives in Armidale,'frot couple of prominent local gentlemen attend* to the various arrangements connected wi the closing chapter of the yonng man's eartl ly career. BooBOboWO Bus.-Shearing commi here on the 8th met, but owing to the operations were suspended after one i work. A start was made on Saturday w full hoard, and everything is now in string. The clip promises to be a record as the sheep are in splendid condition with record prices the eheepowner cat joice. The lambing has been very g Your correspondent heats that it nil nearly 80 per cent this year in some plac From all appearanoee the crops promii give a reoord yield. Grass and water plentiful, so that pastoralists aud agricn istacan both shake bauds with themsc —There is very enoouraging news from Back Oreek tin mlnee, and a party of 01 men are on good tin on 2-Mile Watar. dingo peat was troublesome about Tprtwtha ago on the western bounder Boorolong, hut Mr. H. Mulligan anooeed shooting four of .these eheepowner'e ehe in one place. He shot one and the < three started to worry the wonndedone,ai shnt another then the *— : shot another then the other two coma tb worry him, and ao on till the hut w molished. This is considered a most ai thing for wild dogs to do.—The wh cough has made its unwelcome appe here amongst the children in a very form —One hundred and ten points c fell last Thursday. Death or Mb. William Motlioah -unfortunate accident which happened t the cloefi of last week to a young and 1 respected resident of ihe diatrtct, Mr W Mulligan, son of Mr. Pkanms . Mnlli; Cooney Creek, has, the numerous trie the family will regret to learn, ten fatally. Yonng Mulligan, fa oompan an elder brother, waa engaged fa mu ebeep, en the Messrs. Mulligan's run, when his horse plunged ami n into a me. iu put out Cue bund to cave himself uu much as possible. He did not at, the time feel any serious results from the collision, for, after remarking to bis brother, ] ■Did you see my horse nm me against the tree V'* the pair resumed operatioDS amongst the sheep. On arrival at home, and daring rite following day, the eoddent was treated lightly, hut later on serious symptoms devbl* oped, and although everything possible was done by the attending medical gentlemen, the case became hopeless and death intervened on Tuesday night last. Deceased, who was a very industrious yonog man, was very popn lar in the locality in which he resided, and his untimely death at such an early stage in life's journey has evoked widespread sym pathy for his sorrowing relatives. 3he funeral took place on Thursday afternoon, the remains being followed to their last testing place by a large eonoonrse of friends from various peril of the district. The burial aervioe was conducted by the Van. Arch ' darcon Bass, asriited hjr the Bat, It. Mxxrnro or Cotzess.—An important meeting of townspeople if exiled bj tbe Mayor for this {Saturday) afternoon in the Council Chambers, when thequevtioc of r coeniiine the mentor-,oas perform Boce of' tiie . Hillgrove Band, and the work of the Armidite Band, at the recent Rithnrst content, will receive consideration. This is a very sensible movement- and one that should receive warm support from the citizens- Tbe fHju'fbia met! hare Won a distinguished position in the musical world, and the rntniiigvtownship r heiog- etc important portion. 9f tbeiieir England district It would be a very graceful tribute for the citizens of the chief city in the district to plaw on reoord, income substantial form, their mkrk of appreciation of the great and gloricras attainment. Tbe posiUoo of Sielsal Band woinld also be materially, strong tbetredbyfiome token of encourage ment from a representative gathering of residents. MlKiFOr-Mimng for scheelite at Hillerove is attracting a deal of attention at present. Measrg. Keys and party have been " instrumental in pushing for ward , the industry with rapid strides, end a considerable quantity of the metal is jnow being unearthed. - On tbe Hope town-Leases a great deal of work ia being dose p»jr_ .Fuller?, Hopetown Scheelite and Opld .Company. In this syndicate the hiibdred yharee at £20 each were qdicHJ'T snapped"rip,' several Armidale' peopl#s havih"g bought interests. The shares bare lately risen in ralee con siderably, and the promoters feet! confident. -that operations will prove highly remunerative. A contract has been'le|, for> the breaking down of 200 tena of-qusrtz. The material is at present being hauled by wire ropes from the botteta of the gorge to the old battery site. ift Boorolong the tin miners are still busily engaged, and prospects are rery encoufaging. A fresh discovery has been made, within a con pis of miles of Boorolopg begd station, where a splendid sample - of.-tin was unearthed by old George llonley, the representative of a local syndicate. . AxFBED"PaUFlEB AT AgUIDiLE.—The advent of' the Dampier.Company in tbe Town " Halt oh Wednesday night was greeted byti* good house; despite the unpropitiouB weather. Thif piece staged was Dsmpiyr's -own dramatisation of Dumas' fine work " The Three Muske teers." Thelpad of course was taken by the versatile..Alfred himself, who, need less to say, made an admirable D'Artag uen. The Musketeers werf aiively trio, she pick of the bunch being Athos (Mr. Alfred Bolfeh In the -difficult role of Miladr, tbe accomplished acting of Miss Lily Dam pier showed that that talented lady has lost'mme of her skill and power. The draw of the season was the ever popular "llobbely Under Arms" which attracted a crowded audience. Tbe sensational drama, with its many excit ing and startling situations, went off without a hitch, and the hearty applause which interspersed the acting indicated plainly that the entertainment was enjoyed immensely. -Dampier's im personation of tbe gentlemanly Starlight was perfect, and no greater praise can be bestowed on him than to say that Dampierts al bright and sparkling as of olfl. He was frequently applauded to tbe echo, and .the manner in which he invariably: came up smiling sifter numerous periloiis trials. aroused no small degree of enthusiasm. Alfred Bolfe deserves a 'word of praise for his exposit ion of the cftaracferof Dick Msrs ton, .while 'jBoscisVJ Bifiith.as Warrigal, made one of Ihe'quick'est niggers this writer has ever seen. The eccentricities of the ver^. Irish.poiiceroeh, "CVHara and Magims,".fairly took the 'people by storm, and the,grotesque funniosities of the vivacious, pair-caused a perpetual storm ofinerriment topervade tbe build ing. Old- Edmund Holloway played Dan Morau for all it was worth, and the audience testified their appreciation of tbe despicable deeds of the vete ran marauder by frequently greeting him with a half-suppressed hoot or a groan. Miss Bose Dampier, in the part of Eileen Marstou, was good, as was also; Grace TStorefield, the other characters | bring well maintained.. Taken right Ibrongh, "Bobbery Under Arms" still j holds a very warm corner in the hearts of np-country colonials. Mr. Dampiers | company is working south to Sydney. Another ex-pupiLof the Anuidale School, R, H. Blomfield, is making headway in bis profesaion in the metropolis of N.S.W. He was amongit snoosasfm candidates in Section 1 of me lew examination,' which took place hut Saturday.. ' . ' Is "TheThreS'^rusketeeia" on .kTedneB-. day night. Milady- made nse of the stater •• Womanfa strength is in hhr -weak?, neee f' 6hevjnv£ahly meant "in her tongue." e Sen; Sergt. Evgna' ideas of dealing out jnstidewill hot mee't'-with popnlaMpproval; if his expresson^.Vrf opinion at yesterday's Police Court is tohfi taken hp a fair specimen of Ids method ol administering the law. Because a sti^yipg.cattie owner saw fit to fight for whatnd conridered to be his rights, the astute Sergeant" suggested to Hie P.H that he ahonidbe-flneflthe full penalty, with heavy ooets., Aa.fhe solicitor for the defence remarked "this savors very much of the way they meahare out " justice lit the enlightened conn try of Russia., ' ■ Latest reports from Saumataz state that Mr. F. J. Wldtos oonfiitipn jsdightly improving. The Mayor and a prominent alderman were am6ngrt toe;ionglist of7 ratepayers fined at the. local Polioe'.CoUft yesterday for cattle etraying. *^e ^uspfetar is evidently no re specter of pereony, . iJJJtp CopnciUnra were only fined.MTaune-M theother .offenders. They shonld T!ffp6e5?mnlct twice as heav ily tor noteetfingqf bOtteriaxaurple.' Beoently a nntfbfehfprohardistaat Malt land formed a aeciity-to enoonrage the deetrnetion of sparrows, and last month hoys' were paid for 6J6 heads and 466-eggs. I At Forbes Folioe Court, on Tuesday, Mr. ' Mentor, a boteSkeepsr,' was fined £10. and costs- for tripplymg 'intoxicatingdrinks to a person against whom* prohibition order was inforoe. _ Mr. JohnNorbm mads * tstrohg attack on the police administration in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday bight, and ashed that a Boyal Commission shotild he appointed — Norton baa been asking for this Hoyal Com mission for a considerable numberof years. He trill probably get satisfaction before the world oomee to an end. The Broken fiiU Council sat dill .3.16 the other morninfc-J-74 home withont a .break. Anraidale-'a mnnlclp&l; body has never been gufltyof anything eo near approaching hard wort as this._ ar - ■ The'pbstai authorities have announced that all letters not exceeding .Jos,, addressed to members of the colonial trodpe in "South Africa, trill he transtnltted for Id. postage. Letters exoeeding Joe, trill - he forwarded lor 3d, and Jd for ereiy additional ounce will he charged. - . Another political tug-of-war is in progress. The Legislative Assembly has declined''to aocept "gome of the amendments made .fay the Council in the Friendly Bocietf'i SiU. c* ■ Bun'i Cseex CECEEXSO.-Five twenty J right tone for 537 ounces 7dwts. Cooper's Sheep Dip.—Messrs W. J. Hnb and Co. arc advertising Cooper Sheep Dip in to-day* i-va-. and quote some record price? realised for clip? treated with this particular dip—G- B., u^urx, 17^i ; 7JL, Trids, lid; CT Sobraon 17d; Ai<£K. Oaker Creek IS jd. The price ir 73c 3d per ease, enffinent to dip 3000 sbeep: The Fedkexl Capital.—The Htror, Mr. J. B. Ktigerald, has nodred t letter from Mr. Wibm H.LX, stating' that Mr. Oliver, Presdent of the Land Appeal Court, trill tfflt Arrwtitwta to collect information in reference to Armidalp'e -l-i- rn fOT selection as the Federal Capital of Anatralia. The Mayor trill probably call a public meeting at which a committee could be appointed to collect and place before Dr. Oliver all the available pa rtinolars required. Sms Pseseste.- Mr. A. XL Banmberg, bom Sydney, has just opened tiro cases of first-class Plated-Ware of the latest fashion, and toe meet Dainty Patterns of Jams, Jellies, Fruits—guaranteed the best quality, and also Sydney prioes. Mr. Baumberg invitee the Jadies of the Annidale district to inspect these choice goods at TatteraaQ'e HotrL Will stay till TVedn&day; next.*** Sektzce of. Soro.—The choir of toe local I Wesleyan Church j •ttmeyed to TDbueter on | Tuesday and rendered a very entertaining ser rice pf song to a crowded audience in toe local Hall i The Dev. J. G. If, Taylor did toe necessary reading daring the service, and tins, together with the ringing of the rations members of the choir, delighted those pre sent beyond measure. Mis Taylor skilfully accompanied on the organ. The proceeds of toe service are to be devoted to the Circuit Fund. PEOKOnoir.—Mr. J. W. Picldn, who has oocupied the position of night officer at toe local railway station for a couple of years has been promoted to Branxton, where be will rank as oflicer-in-charge. Mr. Pickin has been succeeded at the local station by Mr. W. Hall, of the relief staff, MnrrnrnndL The departiug officer through his courteous and obliging disposition was mudh respected by both the travelling public and his fellow employees, and it is toe intention of toe latter and a few friends to accord him a "send-off" prior to his departure. A i.T.ROKn Makslacghxkb of a Child.—On Tuesday morning at Boggy Camp, a miner mimed John A! 'Neiil, who is married to a quadroon, is alleged to have iiitreated his baby, eleven months old, and toe child is alleged to have died shortly after wards from toe injuries inflicted. Con stable Coonan, stationed at Boggy Camp, when informed, went in pursuit of M'NeiJl and finally arrested him. Coonan then came to Inverell and informed the coroner, who at once proceeded to the scene and empannelled a jury. Evidence of brutality was elicted, and toe jory oommitted toe prisoner for trial on a charge of manslaughter at the next Circuit Court at Annidale. The Lite Mb. Aennnt lrFinrra — meeting of scholars (past and present) of tl New England Grammar School took place i Mr. W. H. Allinghara'e office, on. Wednet day afternoon. It is intended, by subscrij tions from the old schooboys and .thoi who attended the -institution daring recei years, to erect a "memorial to the late Mi Kemmis, as "a mark of esteem in which he wi held by his scholars. The initiatory work i how being undertaken, and circulars definite ly explaining the intentions of those wh have taken the movement in hand, will be i circulation during the course of a few days. . Fboh the Transvaal,—Mr. Jack Hand bo, late of Hillgrove, has just returned fro the Transvaal. He was a voyager by t) Afric, whose passengers were quarautin on account of the outbreak of smallpox < board, and after being liberated came Armidale to see a few of bis old friend Handebo states that in Johannesburg befo he left things were very topsy-turvy, tl general impression being that, war was ii evitable. The engine-drivers knocked t work at the mines as soon as it was tolerab certain tost blood wen to be 'spilt, and tl action threw all of. the mines idle. Johai neaborg was a good plane for work, toe ra of wages to competent miners being £7' week, eight-hour shifts, with board at £7' month, including medical attention. E some daye prior to toe declaration of wa people fairly tumbled over each other in the hurry to get away to the Cape, and toe trait were crowded with hundreds of Inhabitan who deserted their homes and oleared out jut as they stood. The mine in which Handel was employed was owned by an. America company, and toe manager informed all it men that their billets would be open to toei if they returned, soon after the termination i hostilities. Anumber of Hillgrove 'men wei working about Johannesburg, all of toei making excellent wages.. pubjjb'Bsbtoje Act.—Before ths Assembly adjourned on Wednesday morning Mr. Wise introduced aBillto amend the Public Service Act He'&id; it was hot proposed to inter fere With 'the present method of admission to the Public Service bp ft public examination, bat each alterations as the Bill made dealt With the administration of the departments. It -was provided that no petmhin the -service should have any charges made against him decided behind his back. HnldingPTamins tions for promotions for the.lower grades was legalised for those who .were in the service before the passing of the principal Act! power was given to the Public Service Board to *°trn into the servioe officers who had been sometime employed by the Commissioners of Taxation.. Other provisions remedied certain defects in the working of the present Act Bs proposed there should be appeals from the determination of the Pabtic Service Board to the District OourL. Effect would also be given to promise made by the,late Govern ment with regard to persons who had served for IS.yean and .were then compelled tote^ tire. He had also introduced a proviso that any officer in the senffib should not be re quired to pass an examination if over the age of go, but might be submitted to acme other test. Mr Cook said the age for to the eervioe should be rednoed from IS to IS, to as to give boys of pots people a chance to tutor the service. The motitm was agreed to tad £he bill Introduced and read »~&nt; timo, ^Is l^idsdre Cmtscfl on Wiedncedar irigbtthe Early Gosng BQ1 passed Its eecood reeding asd was formally *»*»« Into com* nxi&ee.; . - — uau»«« UIU sttwv.i^diny, and vss taken dtroogb com* notice with slight tmettdmetii. . Cbaries G. WeeioD, a recently sirird irjm -1 lEg experr from Coalgizdie, was found dead ra-his ted on Wednesday evening at the Hold Australia, a bnlJet mnmd in hie temple roidde. GUaey, Labor ILL A. rf QneaiEland, ha, resigned tie position as a justice of the peooe on the ground that he has not sufficient time to attend to hie duties.—It would be a bom and a blesoug to New South Walra if a considerable number of her honorary magis trates would resign for similar reasons. And they could do it without anr fear of the machimsy of justice being thrown ont of gear. . Crick. P M G., is endeavouring to secure the adoption of a standing order providing for a time limit of 40 minutes to speeches in'the Assembly, accept in certain specified cases. Bather rough on KeQd, Hajnee, and a few of tile wmdbags, whose tide of " oratory" flows aith unpleasant perpetuity. John Hade, aged 19, ramped off a Eydnev tram on Wednesday evening whilst in mo non. He slipped and fell, and the wheels passed over hie right leg. It was also found upon his admission to the hospital that the young man's bach bad been broken. Th« onfonunate youth is not expected to recover —A Jocal bonifoce, while in lite metropolis ring the week, was bumped heavily on tt» ground when malrirg his descent from a fart-moviiy bos. No bones were broken, and beyond the usual •' severe sha'ninr," the Armidausn is none the worse for the ac cident. In consequence of an adverse vote in the Queensland Assembly on Wednesday night, H-neui theGovernment bad only a majority of one, the Premier announced that the Govern ment would not carry on. It is understood thatMr. Dawson, the leader of the Labour "«rty, will be sent for. In the Assembly on Thursday, Premier Lyne gave notice of his intention to intro Itofv T^P*"? Supply BiB, and it-was topara the same through all ita stages in one dav. ,mer with the New Zea- j EtoLlSvPS Te30™?' hm "rived at Port tlizabett, and has etnce gone on to the Core Lyne a boast that N.S.%. troops by Kent would be the first to touch 'South ! 6011 a few days wide of the The Tichboume care has been .resurrected ' o„J " _—«en .resurrected in bydney. An examination of Insane-Act lum pfltuot Crest well, thn nitefM^ tim> ^ — r- w»v«rn«U| UJC BUflTea Ilfflf XQ the n0 J, 2®°°* e?Bte' abowed that several marks Known to have existed on Hoger Tich bourne were present on his body. The matter will be farther inquired into during the course of the next few weeks. nmo ^^volcan, of the Broken ' Hill Council): I know when you "get fee \- vlhe "IbuCa wifhour^srtai^ite without hie pet whale, Ere without her talk lug snake, or John the Baptist without his performing locn«ts. The only way to getthe railway in to federate. - tl.f P^f^' politician, says the Perth Times, Federation means hieb D° teMtl"0a &t; «d The Inverell Caledonians cleared £67 at w!tb8E2letU1,g •£e,d 011 9lh November. With characteristic generosity the Eoots donated £5 St to (he hospital, £2 2t to the band, and £1 Is to the school sports. Arequirition allingon Mr. Holmsn. M , 1 J? r*fgo his position as member of the Assembly for Grenfell gives the following reason: Ab you have wantonly abused the .confidence we reposed In you at t^Uut | ^ctioni and you no longer retain our author. I it7 *9 S1"8 eIP.r^810n ofyBurvieiraiuParlis ment, antagonistic to our cherised nrinfrinlx*. of loyalty to the British Emph^SS^ isourproud prfvUege to fadiSembere. " Tne requisition is headed by the Mayor, and copira of the same for signature are being districted throughout the electorate. On Monday afternoon a man, passing a house m thewou.ity rf ^ Bai£T was attracted by an offensive smell, Md having entered the house, he searched w m one room was horrified to find the H2aw,^«rn°ed8tate of decomposition: He immediately communicated with the police, who visited the spot. A remar-able yield of malting barlev ha* been gathered^ Winton, whenfjfo. HenS Farthing reaped over 200 bags off 18 ^2 cultivated, equal to about 45 bueheU to tta Tbtl™ n!fr Cmowa, on. Sunday, Mr. Thomas Green's store was broken into and bia safe was camed away. Cash and oheoure amounting to £170 were stolen oaeqnea amounting to flTO'wcre stolen.. The Government of Victoria has Pubhot^uPay0f60meof tte W-p„1 ■ lie N.8.W Premier states that there is * ae preseSSriu protest^ against the desecration of the Snmh to6?4' T!?11116 d™1 batch of the New months imprisonment for stealing Some consternation has b«m ... , amongst some of the miners at^ copper mine by the riatathm of a one of tiie shafts. !%#» 01 a ghost m noieea, bells ringing, sighimr «tnmge Minora . .going erongmsnea oy a supernatural viator, and some of lhe men allege that eomettunf tooshed passt them. Six men have left the mine owing to the tenor the ghost has inspired. ' Franoehas been showing her oglv teeth to England darin g the Transvaal squabble In an unpleasantly angry manner, and as eaoh dav passes a tesh growl goes up from the French thresh. Hat; Bntam will be blown clean out of existence by the braggling Boer is the MruMt prayer of the Frenchman, but If the Powers that be my as mnoh-attention to the supplications of the follower of the Hioolor as they did to those of Kroger, the alleged piayeia will prove of little avail. _ Forty-five thousand persons have left the Band sinoe the commencement of the present tonble, ■»* «J? influx into Capetown is fand,ie8s 81,3 ** re80M»8 * The old gate-keeper, who was killed on the railway line at jfaitland on Strnday night the^parUculma rf which nppearaf .Hart lame, wsb, according to the evidence at the inquest, heard to murmnr deepairinglr aa ha rashed to do hiadnty: My God, I am too Some severe commenta were made bv hfr jsa? ®jshen ** the,iM''oree weday afternoon upon learning that a wBa who was petrjioniiwfte oourtiora of her marriage Ead been united to her ehe wis only 15 years of awe. a °f kwmother. "la it^v hri^jj' f™0!rraid' VthatdiTO«*»^ •" •Mre'lo bW^a^hl Divert* Court, . 