THE LATE MR. JOHN HARVEY. THE LATE MR. JOHN HARVEY. AN INTERESTING PIONEER. It is with deep regret that we record the death of Mr. John Harvey, a man who was known throughout the length and breadth of South Australia as an active and indus trious worker, a great agriculturist, and a lover, judge, and breeder of thoroughbred horses. For many months he had been ail ing, and on Thursday night he passed away within the precincts of Salisbury—the town he founded and helped to build. Mr. Har- vey was born in Wick, County Caithness, the same town which claims Mr. J. H. Synion, Q.C., on July 22, 1821. His father was a native of St. Helena, and returned with Lord Dullis. After a good education at the Grammar and High Schools the de- ceased in October of 1839 came to South Australia by the ship Superb, Captain Shannon, with Sir Allan Macfarlane's family. Miss Spence, with her family, sailed from Greenock in the Palmira on the name evening, and the two vessels arrived the same night off Kangaroo Island, yet neither ship saw the other throughout the voyage. After picking up valuable ex- perience Mr. Harvey in 1844 went to Gawler. The Colonial Athens was then re- presented by one house—the Old Spot— which has since been rebuilt. Mr. llarvey drove the mail for some time, and after wards bought land on the plains where BassetTown is now. No person but him self lived on the plains between Dry Creek and Gawler, and the country was all open, not a single fence to indicate ownership. Mr. Harvey took up a run from Port Gawler to MountTorrens, and as at that time cattle were being brought over from New South Wales, 5,000 to 6,000 head at a time, he used to give the drovers the use of the run. They sold what stock they could, and he took the remainder. Thus he stocked his land. One drover suggested to him that he might cultivate it, but he replied that the pioneers said the plains would never grow cereals. The idea, how over, afterwards struck him as sensible, and in the end he put in wheat. He gave 9s. a bushel for the seed, and had a splendid crop, estimated at about 30 bushels to the acre. he reaped it with a sickle, and put itt into a stack. The damp got into it, .and started it growing at the top, and called forth the following remark from a neigh- bour:—"Eh, Jock, you have a grand crop there. It is about 25 ft. high." Mr. Har- vey sold this stack for 8d. per bushel. "Wheat came down from 9s. to 2s. 6d. a bushel in Adelaide in 1846, because it was being grown at Mount Barker, Lyndock. and Aldinga, and overstocking the local market. The glut, however, had one good effect; it resulted in the opening up of at export trade. Mr. Harvey not only tilled the plains, but did much to settle people on them, he took visitors to Gawler, and for many who decided to locate themselves there he built houses. He laid the foundations of the first stone house built in Gawler. where pine structures had been fashionable. The ori- ginal "Old Spot" was built of mud, but two or three years after the "Bushman" was built of brick. Mr. Harvey had a butcher's shop in Gawler, and supplied meat to the Adelaide market. Some persons in the hills killed his cattle where they were fattened. In addition, the Government, who were ac- customed to kill the squatter when funds were short, made him a victim. So he part- ed with his run, though he purchased a part of the land. Finding that for pastoral pur- poses what he had secured was of no use, he cut up the land about Salisbury into blocks of forty acres, twenty acres, or whatever was required, and sold it on easy terms of payment, in some respects anticipating the homestead- blocks system. To meet the times he built houses, shops, and hotels. Many people wanted allotments, so it struck him that he had better plot out a township. This he did, laying out Salis- bury. perhaps it would be better to give the origin of the name in his own words:— "It was the custom to call a township after one's birthplace, but Wick seemed inappro- priate. The township was on the plains. My wife was Miss Ann Pitman, daugh- ter of Mr. William Pitman, and cousin of Sir Isaac Pitman, and came from near Salisbury Plains. Mr. Neales, my auc- tioneer, said to me, 'Well, John, what are you going to call the township?' I said, My native town is Wick, but I shall call it after a town in my wife's county—Salis- bury!' he said 'You can never call it a better name.' So Salisbury was christened in 1856. The founder of the township built Churches, and gave the town a burial ground, and Salisbury has prospered, and if it does not boast of a Cathedral, it has a number of presentable sacred edifices.'' Mr. Harvey also started and named St. Hilda. He was the veteran racing man of the co- lony, and by his death we lose the last connecting link of the pillars of the turf of the early days. One by one they have fallen. Messrs. J. Baker, Jos. Gil- bert, P. B. Coglin, G. Bennett, T. J. Ryan, R. Holland, 0. Adcock, W. Gerrard, Seth Ferry, and the deceased were all closely associated with racing matters early in the sixties, but with the exception of Mr. Ferry, have all disappeared. Right up jto the time of his death he was a regular attendant at the metropolitan race meet- ings, and was one of Mr. Seth Ferry's closest friends. When together perhaps one saw two of the best judges of horseflesh in the colony to talking to one another. In 1840 Mr. Harvey saw the first race in the co- lony, arid it took place on the Old Course, now known as Victoria Park. He was a believer in the sport, not for gambling pur poses, but as a means of improving the breed of horses. The best horse he ever had was Oediputes, and he came from Syd- ney, being brought around by The late Mr.. W. K. Simms, who came over as a boy with blood stock. The best race Mr. Simms rode was when mounted on Skyrocket he was matched against Mr. Harvey on Oedi putes. The latter won. An extraordi- nary thing was that somebody gave the winning horse a pill, and at midnight he was dead. In the matter of racing he regarded the legitimate, which was ob served in the old times, as weight for age. With the principles of weight for winning he had no sympathy, and was apt to ex- claim — "Since the handicapping, the horses are not as good in stamina as they used to be." Mr. Harvey was the owner of the filly Beda, the winner of the first St. Leger, run as far back as 1855. She also annexed seve- ral other races, and threw, vvhen put to Tregeagle, that smart colt Doctor. The latter was raced by Mr. Harvey, and on one occasion downed Poodle, who was then considered the fastest sprinter in the colo- nies, and it was over Poodle's favourite course. Beda was the dam of many other winners, including Ada, who in turn pro- duced Somerset to Talk o' the Hills, and this colt carried Mr. E. G. Blackmore's colours in the Derby won by Pride o' the Hills. He also bred The Ghost, with whom he won many races, both in Adelaide and in , Victoria. From the time he succeeded in cap- turing the coveted St. Leger until well into the seventies "Old John" was always a nominator at all local race meetings. He won countless events, but during the seven- ties he somewhat broke his connection with the turf. Speaking to "Rataplan," who in those days edited the sporting columns of "The Register," he said he could not spare the time to train the horses himself, and could not trust their care and riding to strangers in whom he had not full confi- dence, and so the turf lost Mr. Harvey as an owner and trainer. Still, we of the later generation have learnt to know him as a regular visitor and a genuine and an enthusiastic sport. He acted a committeeman of the Gawler Jockey Club, and was, on many occasions. Starter and Judge. In the early days he forwarded shiploads of horses to India, and, on the whole, did very well, he took a very prominent part in connec- tion with Agricultural Shows. He was present at the first exhibition in Adelaide in Governor Gawler's time, and likewise has been connected with nearly all the country Shows of the colony, many of which he has never missed since their in- ception. The judging of the horses was al- ways entrusted to his care, and he always sustained his reputation. Mr. Harvey was his own doctor. Intlend ing to stock in the early days, lying about in the cold and wet, he contracted rheu- matism, which he claimed to have cured by bathing in the slimy salt water at St. Kilda, it having an unusually large percen- tage of iodine. He studied the work of a Magistrate under the late Messrs. Bed- dome and C. Mann over forty years ago, and for many, years lie did the Justice's work at the Salisbury Court. He also acted as Returning Officer for the same district. Having said so much about the private and semi-public life of this worthy old colonist, we find there is a good "deal to tell about his brief but exceedingly busy poli- tical career. He was a member of the first Parliament. In his own simple language, he used to tell how it happened, and what he did: — "I knew everybody. People wanted me to go in." l was ready for any thing, and was returned for Yatala at the head of the poll. There were thirteen can- didates, and the second returned was the late Mr. G. S. Hare. Legislation work was not a luxury then. I was almost al- ways in the saddle, having stations at Ta- nunda arid the Burra, besides racehorses to look after. The vital questions were the Real Property, District Councils, Gawler. Railway. Local Court, Fencing, and Im- pounding Bills. I was the principal one to do the fighting outside for Sir Richard (then Mr.) Torrens. One day Mr. Tor- rens spoke to me in the Lib- rary, and asked me to come out. He said, 'You have a great deal to do with laying out townships, but how do you manage about the titles? I replied, 'They cost more than the land.' He said, 'I have a scheme to simplify that very much. When I can find it opportune I think I shall in- , troduce the Bill.' Then we had a good deal of talk about the proposal, and I said, 'That is the thing, and we must accomplish it. You will have to give lectures to the people, and explain it.' He said, 'I think that will be a good thing.' I went with him when he lectured at the Town Hall, and through out the country. In the House Sir. Tor- rens would gather together supporters at a a little dinner in the evenings, and ultima- tely the Bill was introduced, and carried by a majority of 13." He was the father of the District Council system of South Australia, and it was inte- resting to hear him tell the way the new Act came into force. Yatala was the first Coun- cil, and he was in it. The Council wanted him to preside, but he preferred to take part in the discussions. Munno Para was the next Council, and he was in that also, and hammered away at the machinery for local government. To settle disputes about boundary fences, the Council passed a re- gulation as to the joint expense, which has since been incorporated in an Act of Par liament. After the District Council system was fairly started and adopted he felt his work was done, and he retired. And now he has retired for ever, and never more, will John Harvey retail his wealth of anecdotes and early experiences. Our Salisbury correspondent wrote on Friday:—"The report that our old and re- spected townsman, Mr. John Harvey, J.P., had passed away created-a great sur- prise this morning, for although he had been ailing for some time, and partially laid by, no one thought the end was so near. The final seizure, indeed, was so sud- den that before Dr. Brooks reached the house he expired. The deceased gentleman was a very old, well-known, and useful colonist. Over fifty years ago he purchased the section, laid out this township, and built the house in which he lived and died, he took great delight in his orangery and orchard, in which he boasted that almost anything under the sun could be grown. His experiments and experience enabled him to give sage counsel and advice to en- quirers, and many a neighbour received from him a helping hand. The deceased gentleman has left a widow, three sons—Mr. James Harvey, Clerk of the Yatala North District Council and Returning Officer for Yatala; Mr. John Harvey, of Sans Souci, Little Para; Mr. W. S. Harvey, now in Western Australia; and a daughter, the widow of the late Mr. J. H. Bagster." The funeral of the late Mr. John Harvey took place on Saturday afternoon at Salis- bury. The cortege from the house to St. John's Church was a large one, nearly every male resident within many miles of the township taking part in it," besides numer- ous old colonists from a distance. The Rev. S.S. Moncrieff was the officiating minister in the Church and at the grave in the ad- joining cemetery. The chief mourners were: —Messrs. James and John Harvey, sons; Allan, Alfred, Percy, and Reginald Harvey, grandsons; Misses F., K., and A. Harvey, granddaughters; Mr. T. Pitman, brother-in law : Mrs. T. Pitman, Mrs W Pitman, Messrs. W. Milne and J. A. V. Brown. Around the grave the Royal Agricultural and Hor- ticultural Society was represented by Messrs. A. M. Simpson, W. Hackett, W. P. Auld, H. G. Buttfield, W. Haines, H. Kelly, D. Paackham, W. Thyer, E. Smith, and. J. Lindsay. Among others present were Messrs. Johnstone, S.M., J. P. Swann, Chairman of the District Council of Yatala North; Councillors McNicol, Walsh, Shep- herdson, and Goodall; Professor Lowrie, Professor Tate, Messrs. J. B. Laurie, J. S. Mallen, Barnett, Hall. Bardett, Winzor, A.M. Goodall, W. Taplin, Dr Brookes, J. Heddle, A. W. Whittlesea, N. Sampson, W. Goodman, and nearly every townsman of Salisbury. A large number of floral tri- butes wore sent, including wreaths from the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural So- ciety, the Port Adelaide Racing Club, and the Gawler Agricultural and Horticultural Society. Mr. Keyworth, of Salisbury, was the undertaker. Among others, apologies were received from the Minister of Agriculture and Education, Hon. R. Butler, Sir Samuel Davenport, and the Hons. J. H. Howe and J. Lewis, M. L.C.'s. 