gPBBBBT TOPICS. \- Captain Todd, of the Titus, comes back to port with-, a story of good seamanship, - un happily marred by the loss 6C one life. The Titus put to sea In the bad weather of Satur day, and found it worse the further east she roade. On Sunday, when ninety miles off Broken Bay, the gale became a hurricane, and 'the big water began to come on board. The second steward was washed overboard, carried clean away, while passing from the galley to the saloon. Captain Todd,- however, persevered a little farther, and then put back, and dnubtless is now of tho conclusion that he would have been a wiser man not to have ventured out. No possible blame can attach to his venture. It was simply In the courage whlcHi must for ever attach to worthy sea manship. But, is It not In. the' Interests, of , humanity that such courage Oven should be | curbed by the caution which comes of superior .'information and a better based judgmerit? The only way of accomplishing, something of this sort would be by the locating of unques tionable authority in tho signal station at th'e Heads; by making a "keep Inside" signal hoisted there authoritative and effective as a "keep to sea " at any of our dangerous bar harbours. Owners wpuld find jt to their in terest to see that such a signal was. obeyed, and It might save In the year a good deal of both life and estate. It would save also the captain's self-respect, which Is apt to suffer nowadays when, In his own judgment, lie de clines to put' to sea; Now that-, wars and rumours of wars af fright the souls' of men, it is consoling to learn that warfare Is far less deadly, Vtorday than it was- in -the brave days of' old; when warriors stood foot to foot, and held each other's beardB with one harid while they made fierce dagger-thrusts with the other. With armour-plated ships,-' 12-mile_ cannons, Maxim guns firing 1000 shots a minute, and magazine rifles with a range of three miles, war is now, undoubtedly scientific, -, but . it- Is . .not "Muggy." The old. proverb that every bullet, has its billet has given place to the military maxim that (t takes. a ton'of shot to kill a soldier. : At ' Crecy 80,000 Frenchmen out of 100,000 were ; kliledt-.- -'at. B'annockbum, 180,000 men fought and 38,000 were killed, .i tfie Crimean war It was estimated that' It took 700 shots fired' by British troops to cause one death; whlle.the Russians had to fire 910 Bhots to bring down one man ofthe Allied Forces.. In the Franco-German war the mortality was 50 per 1000 of the troops engaged during the 3&ven;, months. Careful. computation shows that it costs £1400 to slay a man In modern warfare, and that Is certainly a deal of money to sprind on such an unworthy, -motive. .- An 'epidemic' of garroting In London. Syd ney, .New York, Chicago, Melbourne would surprise no one. In Bendigo, Ballarat, West Maltland, Newcastle such a disorder would make a body stare. But-in AVhlte Cliffs, "re mote, unfriended, melancholy, slow," the out break of the criminal disease of great capitals Is amazlrig. If AVhlte Cliffs had chosen any other form of greatness It would have been healthily well. But as the sturdy little coun try township has, like the ghost that frighten ed Macbeth, so uncommonly assumed an. ap pearance, which ' It refuses to alter, there Is nothing for the outside world -to do but moralise on t|ie shocking tendencies of econo mical democracy which starves tho public de partments; including the police. The super stitious will cry with one' accord that 'opals always are unlucky, .and opal districts ditto. Perhaps ..the . Cojnmlssloner will Investigate, the garroting story, which appears to require nothing so. much as .confirmation. The reloaae' has been ordered of the Italian General convicted of espionage at. Nice. France, in this case, Is showing a generosity which is 1 remarkable. She . Is, however, somewhat chary of evidence which points to espionage, and is at present.In a mood which is" the other extreme from that In. which Dreyfus found her when he was sentenced. But. she should take care' not to overdo\her generosity. It does not follow that because Dreyfus Is innocent every other man con victed of being a spy Is also innocent. ' She might very well make a clean sweep of the swarm- of spies who undoubtedly trade In her military secrets. A good beginning niiglit be made by trying Esterhazy, I.e., if she can. catch hint. , , Judge Gaunt',' of Melbourne,' has 'sternly In timated that he will not .allow any. verdicts given In his court .ti.be met with- "tumultuous applause." To, do/so wopld give; people an equal -right to. receive other verdicts .with de rision, and contempt, and' the sacred Temple of Justice would soon be turned Into a bear- garden; and "present scenes as disorderly' as those occasionally seen in Parliament during the course of an all-night sitting.- Judge Gaunt speaks wisely, no doubt, but what is a court audience, to do when, a learned -judge remarks that the absence .of . a one- legged wit-' ,ness Is "a lame excuse," or letB oft any other sample of stall- fed humour he may have on harid? And, by the way, how would it act If Judge Gauht's.rullng applied to public meet ings and theatres? People can applaud In those places as much' as they please, but per sistent hissing or any other mark of disap proval would' certainly lend to trouble. The irony of fate has got hold of the Euro pean situation, which is on the surface domi nated by a Peace Conference, while Its depths reveal thf working of human passion unre stricted. For example, . the latest of the many instances is the. outcome of .the German Kai ser's visit to a. French man-of-war.. The Kai ser fpllowB, up his visit 'by entertaining the officers and young gentlemen, makes them a pqllje and effusive speech, and calls their "patrle" "a noble ' country," which, In truth, it Is. The newspapers of the'"patrle" are delighted, and .both parties begin to think nt last that the festering sores of the old war, 'whose throbbings'- have ' kept Europe restless for. eight and twenty years, are beginning at lust to Bhow signs. of healing. Is. the world :g!ad? Not! at all; when the news gets down into the heart of things,' from the' surface, where the .world's great men are talkink peace arid good-will towards men; It finds Russians complnining bitterly, and friends of Russia aghast. The puppet show, on tho surface has oven ceased to be amusing. ; If what Mr. Carrutiiers says is true, then - nothing Is more .sure- than'; that weshnll have the tick pest before . long in this colony, and that when It cornea there will be nothing for It but Inoculation! AVhat he 'says is that !blrds hnVe carried' Che- ticks to the Islands off; .the. Queensland cpast.' Now, birds nre not under the control of Inspectors, .and they have rib respect -for fences. All the elaborate pre cautions detailed by-.Mr, .Bruce -to' the Com- mlsslon the other day are going to be, of no more , use to us than all. the king's .horses and all the king's men 'were to Huifipty-Dumpty :on a certain, .famous 'occasion, "oriunateiy . Inoculation prote.cts for periods and. mollifies the disease greatly. Fortunately, also, the /further the tick' 'gets into our territory flie' -further he gets - away from a congenial oil- mate. On the.' whole, we may jnuke.up our minds not to be absolutely henrtbroken about the . tick. But . we can't- be! easy about him either. -- The story of Ccfidriel Plequairt loses none of ;its" nobility its It' unfolds itself more and more before our admiring eyes. N- Its latest Incident Is the gallant 'officer's refusal of the sword of honour offered him by some sterling soldieis of Germany, who admire his high spirit, and wished to show -that respect for ljioral courage is the common tradition' of all armies. The Colonel's refusal t-o take! guerdon for a simple- (net of duty Is. a grand lesson to the world, which knows that the duty Implied resistance to military superiors, and the sacrifice of a cherished, honoured, and hopeful career. Colonel, Picquart will be immortal as the man who said two great things, and did them; "I will not go to . my grave with such a secret as that on my conscience," (In re Dreyfus), and "I accept no reward for doing my duty." The only difference between these two things makes their testimony more strik ing. -The first was hidden In the darkness of official corruption, and likely to remain there; tho second was in the liey-dny of brilliant success, won by misfortunes nobly borne. The steadfastness of Flcquarl ayBg the constancy of Dreyfus give the "affni..iBS» a good side after all. - El| It Is no wonder the residents of Capetovqfi|| arc amazed. The Premier, who has an AfttK|| ltafider, majority In Parliament, and is tool of Hofnieyi", who is the dictator of |v party in the colony, nnd all the Boer MooiIk besides, vhas published his opinion in an.At.Hb rlknnder newspaper, that Great Britain hai|g no ground for interference. This he has don,l||| In the face of the protests of the UltlaiiiiHiipS and their supporters throughout South Afi lct against the Boer concessions as lrisufllclc-ni There can be )>ut one meaning In this dun, ment. If it has any meaning at all, it the threat of civil war lit South Africa as th. immediate consequence of Great Britain's te. : terferenee. The position Is so serinmi; complicated by the Prime Minister of Cu|u Colony, that NUie burning question Is -uun Buro to be, whatojriust be done wltli miua. sllfio government when the loyalty to th; Crown which the Constitution prescribes u not in the breusts of the responsible advlstts of the Crown's representative? The report that his Excellency tho Cover, nor teaches' a Sunday-school class at St ! James' Church proves to be Incorrect. little reflection would have convinced any. body, that 'Lord Bauchamp could not lms- slbly assume this extra duty. At present sir days of his week are devoted to public dutlei, nnd his lordship lias not a. minute to call hli own. , It Is, therefore, a long time between Sundays with his. Excellency, and It would b: absftrd to Imagine that he. would deliberately give up the only day lie can call his owe. even to the laudable work of Inculcating Christian doctrine In the mind of young Aus tralia. His lordship works harder than inuny oft the clergy, and lns.tead of lightening their labours" he would be rather grateful it sum; -of them could relieve him of some of hli duties, if that, were possible. Even when h; flees to the bush he Is bombarded with tire. , some addresses, and dreary banquets, unill there -Is no place whereon he' may lay Ms .head In- peace. _ . The civil power has, since Its prevalent; over the military In France, done a great deal to justify Its superiority. But nothing that It has done Is more' likely to achieve that end than the intervention to protect the papers ol the late Itallun - Ambassador against th; operations of forgers. Up to this ' declslti inoment the strength of the army was suppus. ed to have forced an arrangement which t-um- promlsed rather than saved, the situation. Everybody knew that' forgery and perjury had been used to convict Dreyfus, and con. jtlnued to keep hint in' lfrlson. As nobody was to be punished, the tear was that forgery and perjury had permano'nt possession. The uc- tlon of the Government in seizing the paper: in question, on the plea that there are too many perjurers and forgers to be ignored, Is decisive. There will be no more fear. And when fear of that kind disappears, punish ment must follow. Sir, Mackay, the .President of tlie Coolatah Farmers and Settlers' Association, after thirl; years' experience of the rabbit pest, recom mends that the most reliable mearis of copln; with the evil Is for each land-holder to wire, net his own holding, and to kill his own rab bits,' This, of course, only applies to the mor> closely settled districts; but the advice, never, tireless, has a lot of sound commonsense In It Make it to the interest of the land-holders ti free their land of the pest, -and soon they will have, cieared off all the rabbits. But to br effective there must be close settlement. AVItb .close settlement the rabbit question will settle itself, but .meantime the recommendation thai every farmer should be his own rabblter li the best tbqt can be made. From a business point of view the Pacific /cable proposals, the official announcement o! which bears out' the descrlptiori given In our special cable the other day, leaves little to be desired. If money is to be found for this pur pose, the Imperial guarantee, , tvhieh will save £40,000 a year in interest, -is- eminently the right thing. So is the provision that the rates shall be made a condition precedent. Thus every partner In the business sees hi: prospects both of advantage and of liability. If we are to have a Pacific cable, the terms (speaking generally) on which this one Is pro posed could hardly be improved. It has long been felt that cultivation nren: close to 'our country towns would prove a great assistance in many ways, and the pe tition presented to ths Mnlster for Lands at Narrabrl should serve to bring the! matter prominently before the public. , Many persons engaged In town, occupations, and who can not fulfil residential conditions on the land, would be glad to invest their money in the occupation and cultivation , of .areas' close to their town. Around West Narrabrl the large areas available would be, absorbed 1( subdivided into small lots and leased to the townspeople, with the usual safeguards against speculation. Ab the matter is one which can be dealt with under the present Act It should be worth while for the Minister to make; the experiment. The Boers do not mean to be cornered, in the event of hostilities. This Is evident from the fact that the steamer Reichstag," presum ably sailing under tho German -flag, has let: Naples, with a ciirgo of 13,000 rifles, and five hundred tons of war' materiel, destined f"i the Transvaal. This cargo is, of course, »' tho riiercy of the British in the event of war breaking out, and If the British .Government Intended: to strike it would not miss the Iiortunity of securing such u rich prize as the Relehsing's cargo, which- will, have to pass through British territory-, beforq, reaching us ddi'tlnallon.. . . , , There Is more labour trouble ahea'd in Cana da than that reported this morning concern ing the strike riots at /London and Ontnrio. Some 'day, In the near future, the railway hands -on the Northern' Pacific will protest against their wholesale displacement by 1 Japanese. About a thousand of these cheap aliens are already employed on one line alone In tho Dominion,' arid the cry Is "Still tlie.v come." British Columbia recently -passed' a law to exclude' them,, arid the Japanese Go vernment la moving the Imperial authorities ond the Dominion to have It repealed, llnd the Canadian railways been owned and work ed by the State, the Government! would -not have dared to employ cheap coloured labour. It Is facts such as these which serve to help the Australian workman to -realise the benefit of State ownership of -the railways. T)ie destruction by fire of the Internationa: Electricity Exhibition at'Como has caused the loss of many priceless relics of early researeliei In electricity. Como Is the birthplace o» Count Voltn, whose devotion '-to' electrical sci ence made him the pioneer of the great elec tricians who' have .been instrumental. In the wonderful developments of .the century, and it was in honour o'f his centenary that the ex hibition was held. The loss of the many valu able relics of electrical Investigations Is irre parable,! and will, doubtless, have the- effect of making owners of such priceless exhibits somewhat reluctant to entrust their treasures . In future, to public expositions, where tho chances of destruction by lire are always pre- sent. 