For the Bairns. . BILLY'S GHOST. . Billy Morrison was a freckled-faced lad of fourteen; broad-shouldered, tbick- set, and, I regret to say, very ehort both in stature and temper. He was pugnacious, and thought he, Billy Morrison was wiser, stronger, and altogether a finer fellow than most boyB. Billy had gone to tbe Weir's and had stayed to tea. Jim Wei? had been sent* hew and up-to-date gun from England, and Billy haid been allowed.to hold that -new gun in bis hands -and fire one cartridge at a kerosene tin, witb a white-washed ball'e-eye, stuck on a stump in the horse paddock. Bob-Weir and Joe Patterson and Arthur Bates "were all there, and they crowded < round Jim, 'and Arthur Bates offered Jim' his penknife-with one whole blade and two broken stumps for " just one shot See if I don't hit the target, see if I don't';"'but Jim was obdurate. He fired eight cartridges, not one hitting the tin; but then he explained the gun wasn't " bit to him yetv" whatever that might mean. Joe Patterson felt himself somebody when he was allowed to hold it, while Jim counted the remaining cartridges and punched Bob Weir because he rubbed his grimy hand along the barrel. Then Jim's father came down and tried a shot and hit the tin. Jim's mother, who had face ache and her head tied np'in a white woollen shawl, came on the scene, and screamed in a muffled tone, " Don't shoot J" and ahe spoke to Jim's dad. Jim's dad said, "I think they'd better," and he marched tbe excited boys up to the bouse for tea. " I can't let you have this any more to-night^ my lad," and Jim's dad walked off with gun and ammunition. "Beastly ahame !" echoed the indignant boys. After tea they all went into the breakfast room and got round the fire, and Arthur Weir suggested ghost Btones. They all told them except Billy. Billy sneered, "Rot! I don't believe there ever was a ghost or there ever will be." " Don't you," said Arthur; and he told of a-mah who knew another man who always saw an awful ghost who walked in a white shroud and chains. "Oh, I say, etow it," Baid Bob Patterson.' "Billy has B mile walk home all alone." "As if I care," said Billy; bnt as the cat just then jumped off the window-ledge after a moth, Jim Weir gave a yell and Billy sprang off his chair in a decidedly startled manner.' "You're in a blue funk, Billy," said Joe; "you won't go home alone." " Won't 1J . Think I mind such rot I" He got up to go and the other boys did the same. Bob and Arthur went, tbe same way, but Billy's road lay in another direction. " Hailes, the groom, will go part of the way with you if you like, Billy,"-said Jim: but Billy scorned company. He started. The shrill voices of the boys died away. The stars gave a weird and misleading glimmer, and Billy marched on. An uneasy wind went sighing away through the gums in the paddocks on each side of the long stretching road. Billy whistled, but one story after another came up, and—great Scott 1 what was that?—a wavering, white, shadowy figure; coming, receding; tbe clank, clank of chains. Billy's whistle died away. Billy said faintly, " What rot!" Bat then the awful shape got nearer, and Billy never stopped, bnt off, and ran and ran and ran. He wasn't frightened, oh no! " Bill," called hie father next morning. " Did you see Moran's white mare on your way home last night ?" ' "No, dad," said Billy, and Billy's mother wondered why Billy's face was so fiery red.— EXCHANGE. 