CHILDREN'S COLUMN. WHY TOD'S FOTEB SURRENDERED. NEABLY LYNCHED FOE ANOTHER'S CRIME. Tod Bowers, bis hoarb beating wildly, Stood by the shaft of the mine looking after the group of rough men who had just left him. Suddenly he started. 'Shooter Sam said something about Pedro — Pedro Ramarez. Is it on his word that ? ' «TW1 I' A boyish voice came ringing down the mountain side, and a boyish figure, leading two ponies, presently became visible de scending the path to G-unter's Gulch. ' Why, Jeff, what brings you along here ?' cried Tod, for the moment lifted free of his gloomy thoughts by the sight of his friend. He hurried to meet him, and the pair shook hands heartily. ' I've had leave to ask you over to the ranch for a day or two — that is, if you can be spared. How's luck ?' ' Pretty bad.' Jeff Hudson looked more closely at his chum's face. ' Anything the matter ? Where's the dad?' ' Gone to — Saulville, I believe.' 'You believe! Come, tell me the \- trouble.' Tod gulped down the lump that had risen in his throat, and the words came rushing from his lips in a torrent. ' Old man Harvey was killed last night — stabbed to death — and robbed of a bag of gold, and those men yonder believe dad did it. They spoke of having heard some father thraBhed one day for insulting a woman over at Pine Tree Gap.' ' Surely they don't stand on his word 1' ' Father's knife, bloodstained, was found -by the dead body. Ha was at Harvey's shanty last night, end cama home sayiDg he had to go to Saulville for the old man (who was taken bad) on particular private business. He seemed excited, and left im mediately to oatch the coach. But be would never have done so awful a thing as to commit ? ' ' I, am sure of it, Tod.' ' Those fools have started out to find him, and when they find him they'll lynch him 1' *? Don't say that. We must stop it. Gome, I breught a pmy for you to ride back to t#b ranch. Jump up j we'll see your dad first and warn him.' T« a aannnri t.Vi a Virvva wavp, in fVio aarldla and soon bad the ponies going at top speed. Tod and his chum knew the country wellenough to make their way through the forest. On and on they flew, till at length they deemed it advisable to strike the trail. This had scarcely been agreed upon, however, when Jeff, who was taking the lead, heard a cry and a thud, and turning saw Tod and his pony on the ground, the animal struggling to get up, the boy motion less. ' Tod ! Tod, old man ! can't you speak ?' -The pale face was still, and down it s stream of blood ran from a wound in the head. ' What am I to do ?' cried Jeff ir agony. ' I can't leave him here. Anc vet — what about Mr. Bowers ?' Oh, for some way out of this awfu dilemma. ' No good !' he exclaimed at last. ' Toe must be seen to. Heaven help the othoi matter. Thank goodness the ranch isn' far.' 'it. When Tod returned to full conscious ness two days later he found his faithlu chum by his. bedside. 'Now, you've gqt to keep quiet, ol( man, and get well as comfortably as yoi can,' said Jeff. 'Dad!' ' AU right, as far as I know.' ?' What do you mean V ' Well, It seems Shooter Sam and tin boys collared him. As the talo goes, hi -?'? looked guilty ; surprise, no doubt. It wa dark, so the gang made camp for the night Next tima they came to look for you father, he was gone.' ' Escaped them?' « That's so.' 'And no one knows where ho is ?' ' Apparently not. The boys had beei scouring the country ; but the rains havi commenced, so I suppose the beet ecourinj now will be done by the floods.' \- — - Tod Bmiled; but he was, nevertheless very anxious about his father. The in furiated men of the Gulch might capture him agaiD, aad, incensed by his having once eluded them, show him no mercy. 'By the way, this Harvey was an old eccentric, wasn't he ?' asked Jeff. ' Yes ; but all right. We didn't have much to say to him, nor he to us. His claim was near ours. He was a bit of a mystery, and kept pretty much to himself ; but on the whole ho was well liked by the miners.' ' Wonder what the business was ha got your father to do for him ?' ' Ah ! to know that would clear up the whole affair.' It was on the evening of the day follow ing that Tod was awakened from a refresh ing sleep by the sound of someone leaving his room. A moment later he heard heavy footsteps entering the bouse, and knew them to be those nf Jeff's father. 'How's Tod?' 'Fast asleep, dad. I've just been to have a look at him. Any news ?' 'The river's in flood and twice sizs it was.' ' Heard nothing of Mr. Bowers'?' ' He's given himself up.' ' Given himself up ? — where ?' « At Saulville.' «- But ? ' 'I didn't hear anything beyond that he'd sutrendered to the authorities. At least, there was something more.' 11 Yea ?' ' It was said that tbe boys of the Gulch thought of breaking open the gaol and get ting at him.' ' To lynch him ? They dare not.' ' They will if they get a big enough mob together.' 'It must be prevented.' ' It shall be prevented if I can manage it. I'm off to Shulville now. Bowers '11 want a friend, and I'm going to stand by him.' ' Good old dad !' ' I must be off at once, or I'll never catch that coach.' There was a sound of hurried footsteps, and presently all was still. 'Jeff!' Jeff Hudson turned. Tod Bowers stood behind him, half-dressed. ' I couldn't stay in bed, old man. I was awake when your father' came in, and I heard all that passed. I must go to Saulville.' ' But you're ill.' ' Not a bit — fit for anything.' 'Do you really mean you're going to Saulville in this weather ?' ' I am.' ' You won't catch the coaoh.' ' I'll go by the river in your canoe.' 'The river's ia flood. And what of Angel Rapids ?' For a moment Tod was nonplussed. Jeff sprang towards his chum. ' If you go, I'll go with you. We can carry the canoe past the rapids. But tell me what you mean to do ?' ' I meai to stand by dad if — if there's trouble.' III. The river bore Bwiftly on its bosom Jeff Hudson's stout little craft. Darkness was falling, and the tall pines by the water's edge stood up like lank ghosts in the ga thering gloom, the sound of the rain among their branches, mingled with the thunder of rushing waters, raising uncanny thoughts. ' Pull in here,' at length cried Jaff. Above the hiss of the rain and the sough of the wind, the roar of the river, as it crashed over the rocks, was plainly audible. In midstream lay a long, low island, now partly submergod. They had run the canoe ashoro aod wera carrying it through the trees. Presently Jeff, who was leading, stopped. ' See, yonder,' ho saH. ' Isn't that a fire?' The boys set down th«it load, and crept cautiously forward. When within a few yards of the blaze, Tod drew up. ' It's Pedro Rimarez,' be whispered. Near the fire beside Pedro stood a mule. Pedro himself at tho moment of the boy's arrival on tho scene was undressing. Hav ing divosted himself of his clothing, he walked to the water's edge. The boys, keeping at a safe distancfi, made for tho same place. At the spot where tho Mexican stood was the stump of a tree protruding from a. largo mound, and round it was fastened tho end of a long hide rope. The other end of this Iiamavez tied about his waist, and then, without further hesitation, leaped into the water. With powerful strokes he worked his way across the swollen river ;he rope gradually ptJying out from the soils on the mound. ' There's something over there he's inxious to get at before the island's looded,' said Jeff. Dangerously near the rocks at the head )f the rapids Pedro Ramarez was takan be 'ore he reached the other side For some ninutes he disappeared, and in those ninutes the rain seemed to fall with in jreased fury; At length he again came nto view, and in the dimness the boys ivere able to see that he had secured a bag lbout his neck. Once more the Mexican plunged into ths water, this time hauling on the line. Be Fore long, however, it became evident thaf. ae was in difficulties. The waves washed aver him, the rushing tide seemed eager t? 3eiza and dash him against thosa deadly cocks.- At last, when half- way across, he bhrew up his arms and uttered a fearful 3hriek. ' He's drowning ! Look, he's trying to loosen the bug from bis throat 1 He'll b-i over the rocks in a minu»e ! Pull on the ! line — quick !' j Five minutes later they landed Pedro's body, apparently lifeless, among the pines. ! ?' He's not dead,' said Jeff. ' His heart beats, and see, his eyes are opening.' Those eyas rested first upon Tod Bowers, and instantly the naked, wet form writhed as if in agony. ? ' You 1' he moaned. ' Curse you ! i That you should catoh me thus. For the love of heaven, get ma a priest, I am dying.' In the silence that followed, tho sound of feet and tramping through the undergrowth was heard. 'Hullo, there !' cried Jeff, ' Help !' Graff voices answered. 'They're the men from the Gulch !' declared Tod. 'From the Gulch !' shrieked Pedro, striving to rise. ' Don't let them take me. Save me ! and I will confess. You can have the gold — loosen it from my neck ; and there is more on tbe island yonder, where I hid this.' ' What would you confess ?' demanded Tod, on a sudden inspiration. ' You will save me V l- Confess ! It was you who killed Old Man Harvey.' ' Ah ! you know.' ' With my father's knife.' 'Yes; I stole it.' ' To revenge yourself for the thrashing he gave you.' 'It is true. Oh, don't let those men take me.' The Mexican fell back. Tod looked up. Shooter Sam and one or two more of the Gulch miners stood near. ' You heard 1' asked the boy. 'I did.' ' You were on your way to Saulville to break open the gaol and lynch my father.' No one answered for a moment ; then Sam replied — ' That's so.' ' Are you smart enouga to see now things stand now ?' ' Don't kick us when we're down, young 'un. We'll make good by hanging the greaser to this yer tree.' 'You're too late ; he's dead.' ' The reason I went to Saulville so mys teriously,' said Mr. Bowers, when he wos free once more and explanations were asked for, ' was to see a lawyer for Old Man Harvey. He had heard that he was sole heir to a large estate in England left by his brother, and, as he was ill and likely to die, and bad neither chick nor child, he sent for me.' 'Why?' ' Well, he had a great liking for you, Tod, and wanted to bequeath to you the fortune. He made a will, which was wit nessed by me and one of the fathers of the San Marco Mission, who left that night for ' Frisco. Harvey gave me all tho necessaro papers, but until the matter was settled I didn't care to bronch it to you. I saw the lawyer at Saulvilie, and he had to go to New York to see another lawyer, who was conducting the old man's business on this side for a firm of English solicitors.' ' But why did you give yourself up ? ' ' For my own safety. After I escaped from Sam and the boy3 I was a marked man, liable to bo shot on sight — or. worso. Until I could communicate with tho San Marco pudre aud the Saulvillo lawyer I was in danger, and tho quickest way out of if, I thought, was to place myself ia th'3 handB of the authorities. Of course, everything's turned out satisfactory, but I fear if Ra marez hadn't got anxioua about his Ill gotten gold and you hadn't dropped on him when you did the boys would have broken open the gaol, and——' ' Don't talk of it, dad. And old man Harvey has left me all bia mouey ?' ' Yes, poor old chap !' swas reply. ' Ho has left property worth something like one hundrod thousand pounds.' 