ANOTHER CRISIS: Three Ministries in succession have', now been ejected from office without the formality of a- no-confidence \ bate.'' The second of the series was 1 the strongest and far the longest-lived Government that South Australia has ever known. The third, meeting Par liament one day and receiving its dis missal the next; flitted across the poll-; tical stage "a transient , and 'embar rassed phantom.*' Truly, it tvas in one sense but the ghost of a Ministry, ail .apr pari tion with no real relation to the a<H tualities of life, a transparent political imposture. Directly it came ihto the light, it was seen through; and it never had a chance of attempting the"feat of . materialisation. In other words, the i Solomon Administration lacked front \ the outset a substantial unify. Its A constitution was mixed, anomaiohs, .J and unstable; between its heteroge-i neous particles there was no natural affinity; their tehlpordfy alliance tvaa j accidental and fortuitous; and .the Mih- > istrjf naturally tumbled to pieces at the . first breath of opposition. It never even attained to such ah eleihefitary,: degree of organic coalescence as to be i able id "make the saiiie appearance or. \ to speak with the same voice to the V two different branches of the Legihia-. ture. Its Conservative and its Liberal, • elements had, so to Speak, each made a ? start to swallow the other, and what j had been uncohsuhied oh the one side j" was commended to the Council, while... the iieiiiaihs on the other were offered : to the Assembly. The Premier and the Chief Secretary, in shdrt, cbntradict-., ed each other on matters of Ministerial- - - policy. A pathetic appeal ^as ffihdef* for a consideration that had not,beep earned, but it was in vain. Consulting its own dignity, as well as'the'coun- . ' : try's interests, the House of Assembly, quickly put an efid td it dfiil hhd ufipro^ .• iitable burlesque. ' ' ■ - Poor Mir. Solohidii!. .To straggle/ so--j> long for office, to succeed at last/1 aiid1 p . theh to have the prize so' prp^gtlyv snatched from his grasp! rlt? ikr.d'eally hard. ' After making such j&titieiri;''-'':. sacrifices, too; after eating so"hagf^, of,, . one's own wOi-ds, accepting^ -office vLj. from the hands of oppbneiit&,''; and > paying the price in ' fhe '• of a generous recantation;-,.- ofv.-p oiiiiiidhs that nothing .hdwif -cau blot out! A few memhpilht''^^', niade a convenience of Mr.j.&bioinpnir;)'t/. and his party, and not enoughf;teiham- > v ed lohg enough by liis side fb.'kee^tflhl'^ in. is it ndt cruel? And yet. if'it be asked why the Ministry was'"finable, to, maintain hidre than ah ephhffiefaiexis- • tehee the answer is not diffihffijt;! * jCo's begin with its personnel irtls sufficient •? to create distrust. There Is hoth ing in the state of phrties. to justify a coalition so ; extraordinary^ It represented ho principle, 'iinf less that principle. be tiie ''novel, one that the' Council is tb be con sidered in the fohnhtiOh "of a Ministry;* equally with the popular. Chamber. Hitherto the principle of a dual respon sibility has not been recognised. -If the " . policy of the Administration suits the people's Hofise, that sufficespsnbject to the conventions of constitutional gov ernment, the Council retains its veto . on legislation, but at till events the right to join with tiie Assembly in moulding the Executive has never been acknowledged. What the diversity of ,the .Solomon Ministry was intended to . • ■' express may be'disputed; hut assured-, ly the team was a bundle of ihcbhgrai ties and its policy a tangled skein of compromise. It could scarcely have looked fof a favorable reception in either House. It sefems at best an oc casion for "sombre acquiescence;" cer- ■ tainly not for intemperate rapture, when a Conservative leader fisiiig. to. office has to tell his Own party that there is nothing for it but to support. and carry Liberal measures . entirely foreign to tbeir principles On the other hand, the dominant Liberal party in the House could hardly be expected to rejoice at the advent of a.Gdvefhment ■ which proposed so little of theix- policy • and, even as tb that, was not too se-. rious. Accordingly Ministers were- in a bad xvay from' the start But defeat might have been ayertea at least for a tihie had not thfe declara tion of Ministerial policy .on Tuesday • left several members with the unplea sant consciousness that they had. been •. "sold." What is known as the-'-Grain-o^ « ger purchase .clause" in the program^' bf constitutional reform was! a fprqttyio j fair stroke of business ~ §0 far .bast 9ifc. it went. With . only a. ^ ma^bnt^J^ bf one, however, Mr. Solbmg®,,.^..., Could not afford tb takc-rtuiy -" . risks , at all, and- netertlieicfeb *Jhe took them. He was expected -ip^oi^r^^' the reduction of the Council -.qualifica-'i ticn to £15 annual value, wfth'J hrrtbte?, a*M both for man and-wife. He bff^^'onlk";/'" £20, and that not to be the subject, -otv 5. legislation until next year;"the'Abhly fcbhcessibh for the present being the dual vote, on the existing qualification. - "Why, by disappointing expectation in i this way, did Mr, Solomon; take the •' risk of defeat? No dbubt because he had to. The difficulties of the position were probably fblind to be insuperable.' He was negotiating hot with ohe side. only but with two, : and what was - heeded to content the one was more than the .other couid concede; So he bhanced it, despairingly suggesting ■ to . the House that members could try for £15 if they liked, but that Ministers of- - fered only what was practicable.. That was not good; enough; aid it was fob. lowed by the fatal secessions. The . ' Ministry goes down unlamented. It has . seriously compromised the Conservative party; and the service it has rendered ; to the Liberal cause catis for no grati tude because it was immeant.. The; ■ gain to that side is the reluctant ac knowledgment extorted from Conser-; - • vativelead'efs that theirs is hbt a works •• ing policy for the country, in. effect; this ib what Mi® Stirling has' tbid thfe.' Legislative Council, and he cannot es cape the consequences of his own ad- ' mission.- The Gbxih'cil^ if it iS wise,'■will take the lesson to heart. It must re cognise thiit a Gbvernmeht as nearly Conservative as it could be made with - even the faintest prospect of success had to "face the music" of cbnstitu tioiiii reform. 'Will the Council, after • what lias happehfeti, vSntiife tb persist in stiibboni knd uncoinpromising re^ sisthnce to repeated pbpular demands,, a policy deliberately discarded by the. Conservative leaders in botii Houses as inexpedient ahd even dangerbhs? _ ' lb the Executive Douncil bin. Wednesday special bank holidays were declared, on Db< ' cehiher 29 and-§0 throhghdut the colony'. ... •* 