OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] December 12. Our change of Government and the Ministerial elections thereunto pertaining furnish our present topics of common interest. The general feeling is certainly not in favour of the new team. The idea is growing that the Turner combination was jockeyed out of office that it was suddenly ousted by a surprise vote, which would not have been cast if the country had been given time in which to think and speak and that the change is not for the better. It is recognised that this latter is simply one of personnel, not of policy and the references range from the parallel casein which their opponents caught the Whigs bathing, and ran away with their clothes, to The cutors of the Empire and the rule. That from a shelf the precious diadem stole And put it in his pocket To employ a figure of speech which i comes nearer home, the now men are credited with having jumped the Ministerial claim, and in mining colonies the general sentiment is always against the jumper. Dissatisfaction has been greatly strengthened, not only by the inclusion of Mr. Shiels In the Ministry, but even more so by the terms of his inclusion. These write down in black and white as an expressly stipulated agreement are perfect equality with the Premier in authority and responsibility. Indeed, Mr. Shiels had more to do with the selection of the Cabinet than Mr. McLean, and as the Young Australians who so largely helped to engineer the coup have been left outside, the irrita- tion is the greater. For this there are also many other reasons. First, Mr. Shiels is a resuscitated political ghost who was supposed to have been finally laid years ago. He is the prize Parliamentary valetudinarian whose voice has not been heard half a dozen times in as many sessions. He has in his former capacity as Treasurer proved himself to be a ghastly financial failure. He is best known as the author of the Calamity Budget, with its deficit of nearly £2,(100,001), and of a Divorce Act which has caused no little confusion in social and marital relationships. The Young Australian Party, meaning Messrs. Kirton, Hume Cook, Teacher, and Co., who thought themselves safe for good things, say that Mr. McLean's choice of his colleagues chief is a distinct breach of the promise made to them when they consented to turn dog on the Turner Ministry. The old Opposition claims that in the constitution of the new team it was entitled to four seats, yet it was never consulted. For all these reasons there is a prospect before the incoming Cabinet of rather stormy weather, Indicative of which when the House met this day week, for the first time after the change, the corners were crowded, and the only men at the back of the first Ministerial bench were seven who could not find cross-bench seats. Outside the House there is an objection to a duality in leadership. It is accepted as a coalition arrangement, us in the Service-Berry and Gillies- Deakin Ministries, but it is not appreciated as the normal condition of affairs. You in Tasmania generally brand your Cabinets as finalists, astheFysh-Braadon, the Dobson Henry, the Braddon Fysh, etc.; but it does not mean divided authority or responsibility. Ours does, as a condition of its being, and therefore it is doubtfully regarded. As a general result, the two Young Australians who are included in the team Mr. McCay, Minister for Customs and Education, and Mr. Watt, Postmaster General are to be opposed, and are likely to have a stiff fight for their seats. The others are likely to have a walk-over; but it has been noticed as a bit of something like political sharp practice that the policy of the Premier will not be expounded before 8 o'clock to-night, whereas the nominations close two hours earlier. Perhaps the man was not far wrong who summed up Mr. Alan McLean as being " as tricky as a waggon load of monkeys, and as artful as they make 'em.". But, poor man, his troubles are beginning. Under the blaze of that fierce light which beats upon a throne (political as well as monarchical or autocratic), it has already been discovered that in hot and early youth he descended into the nethermost abyss of deadly crime. He wrote poetry. Worse than that he printed It ! Someone has already fished up that record of juvenile depravity with which to confront the grey-bearded chieftain of the House-and I am prepared to assert that if he can make laws as well as he could once write verse, he will stand a very good chance of justifying his self election to office. What attention we could spare from politics This, over the past week, been devoted to cycling affairs us associated with the Austral Wheel Race, and the other events of this classic meeting. Business began on the 2nd, but began very badly, because of the bad weather. This is serious enough on a banked asphalt track, but on a grass track it is far worse, and so the first day of the meeting was a big disappointment, especially when Martin beat the heavily backed Waine for the Commonwealth Stake. Then, early in the week, came the sensation of Mr. Ward's suspension for one month for "stiff" riding over this race, and the excltcmentgrevvas rumours of a decidedly startling character began to fly round. If the appeal which Walne immediately lodged was dismissed, it meant the champion's retirement from the Austral events, with the chance of rusticating for a further term of six months. Then, If the rumours referred to were probed and proved correct, it would mean a wholesale slaughter, but decidedly not of the innocents. The story is that in a certain race all the cracks agreed to pool the stakes and divide the product, each one taking an equal share. It is further asserted that the race was run on this arrangement, and that the division was duly made. into the truth of these allegations the club is now making inquiries and if the statements are sustained the scandal, coming so soon after the Martin Walker, the Waine, and others, will go a good way to decide decent folks on withdrawing from cycling as a track sport, for the simple reason that you cannot touch pitch and remain undefeated. The other side of the cycling picture was that presented on Saturday last, when most agreeable weather prevailed ; when the ground and the stands were crowded with an enormous and, so far as Its feminine section won, a brilliantly dressed assemblage of spectators. The day and the surroundings made everyone wish to shake hands with themselves, but the general satisfaction touched its highest point in witnessing and applauding the splendid performance of your Beauchamp brothers, and especially of Mr. Frank, whose performance secures for him the honour of being the first scratch man left in the Austral final for many a long year past, going back to the days of the old 30-inch boneshaker, and before pneumatic tyres were thought of. He won his heat with a paralysing final dash that left the others '' standing still, and sadly disappointed Parsons, who had looked like a sure winner, with Filsell second, but a couple of hundred yards from home. Yet Parsons tied him up, and I', 1 of 7, I beat him, in the run in for the Intercolonial Scratch Mile, but in the Intercolonial Ten-mile Mr Frank again put on the pace, and won amid an ovation He is looked upon as a really good thing for the final, and then when you have got an Austral South with A B Crisp and one North with Frank Beauchamp perhaps you Tas mania's will be satisfied Percy Beau chimps win in his Austral heat was also burn till applauded though as he stalled at the 100yds mark he has less to be proud of than his brother Martin, the crack, otherwise known as Plugger Bill, came down in his heat, and lost his chance, so that, with the Yankee and Walne out of it the Tasmanian chance looks particularly pink have frequently i cm liked upon the luxuriant growth which the favourable sea on through which we have passed has induced The fact st ends but with other vegetation ill weeds have also go ON n apace In this city over the last year or two, the most noxious being those of bastard Hellenic 01 stir, if the modern Greek can claim o\ ea an illegitimate relationship to the corn try men of Aristides the Just that they cannot explains the difference between the just and the unjust between the ancient and the modern Greek whose presence in this city is becoming more obtrusive more obnoxious and more ubiquitous He is to be found every where especially wherever the atmos- phere is laden with the aroma of fruit fish oysters, and confectionery Out of those lines of business he is fairly hunting every other competitor The number of burns shop boxes 01 box shops div lived and fitted up for him proves that he the Ives amazingly though he is an at rant rascal though he is a cheat by instinct, is as pasty looking as a pure boiled Chinaman and as uncleanly as a Russian rum Now he is turning religious, and having some time ago imported , his creed and clergy he is building the first Greek Orthodox church that has yet honoured Australia as a gentle intimation that he has come to stay the church is to be an imposing structure of the Byzantine style of architecture and is to be erected on the corner of Victoria parade and Lansdowne street East Melbourne If it will only make those people more honest in their dealing It will certainly help to make their presence in Melbourne more endurable. Speaking of honest men In connection with the Greek invasion Mr Mathias Lab Vic in, the South Melbourne Building Society s secretary, who turned the boom time in such bad account for himself and his victims has just been released from gaol At the same time we have had a bushranging outbreak by which three men under arms robbed the manager of the Great Southern No 1, Rutherglen of £2 000 the months wages age in which he was taking to the mind so that there are quite a number of honest men at large in victora at the present Summer came upon us with a scoop last week and ran the mercury up to 105deg shade i egister without any warning we whatever We want an ardent sun over head and some nice hot winds all round us to scorch up the altogether too active in fluenza microbe who has carried off so many of our friends this last very sickly season, but heroic remedies should be ap- Elicd gently and after a pretty good beginning we are now enjoying a cooler temperature for a day or two The Brough season at the Princess is coming to an end and then desolation will descend upon us in the shape of Christmas with never a pantomime, an extravaganza or anything to take their places on the holiday bill But before that there has to come the great performance on Saturday evening next in aid of the theatrical charities when the firms lease will expire when the film will dissolvc., when J C Williamson will re-appear for one night only as Kerry, to take farewell of the city, when half the social and professional cele critics of Melbourne will be on the stage, and when the roughs in saying good bye, will leave us comfortless indeed During this week the bills are 6<JHJIH¡7 the Wind and A Village Fried In both of which the excellence of the company is too well known to need any present commends tion After the firm has extinguished itself and the Broughs have gone we shall be fortunate If we have anything as genuine and genial as a Punch and Judy show to save us from melancholy madness 