HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY, For a time after the Speaker took the chair on Wednesday politics appeared to have dropped to a dull dead ievel of mono tony. There was no taJk of a no- confidence motion, and business proceeded in an ordi nary manner. But the early indications proved fialse, and Wednesday provided its no-confidence motion, and the debating was of unusual interest. The gal leries were almost empty when pro ceedings opened, and members took their seats as if they were confident of not hav ing to change them for at least a few days. Air. Handyside was delightfully facetious. He reminded the Treasurer that the State .Bank of South Australia (an institution which its spporters have claimed influences the world's money market) was still in ex istence, but that the Bank rate of interest in England was now 6 per cent. How did Mr. Bolder account for that? Mr. Holder did not account for it. He presumed the hon. member did not put the question seri ously. Mr. Jenkins toM Mr. Roberts that the (Government had not decided who would comprise the new 1'oJice Board of Enquiry. On a formal motion of adjournment Mr. Dumas drew attention to a communication sent to an Oddfellows' Lodge from the Crown Solicitor's office, and the Chief Sec retary promised to look into the matter. A fortnight's leave of absence was granted to Mr. Gilbert on account of ill-health, and within the half-hour Mr. Grainger rose to move '"That a Select Committee be ap pointed to enquire into and report on the public finances.'' He held it was monstrous that any Treasurer should be able to borrow and lend money without any Parliamentary autho rity. (Mr. Archibald-"When did tihe lend ing begin?") When did the borrowing be gin? If the Treasurer can borrow just as he likes, why not lend? The Corrunittee could do its work in a week, and give as^ surances to tfhe public and ttheir creditors, and oheck rumour. His desire"was to as sist the Treasurer, and if it were the last speech he nwde in Parliament he would be proud to tjhink that he had raised his voice for the purposie of urging that the finances should be put in order. The Treasurer regretted the tone adopt ed by Mr. Grainger. The hon. member professed to be anxious to assist the Go vernment, and then closed by saying that every member who voted agains-t the mo tion would be responsible if any disaster occurred. It looked as*if Mr. Grainger wanted to cause a panic. (Mr. King ston-"Hear, hear.") He would, in re plying to Mr. Grainger, also deal with Mr, Solomon's criticisms. Every Treasurer had the right ?to borrow money to carry on the business of the State. There was no complaint of his having had to pay high rates of interest for the loans complained of. (Mr. Price-"That was the impression given tis last week.") Yes, but it was wrong., (Mr. Jenkins-"You get money half per cent, cheaper, and they com plain") To have sold Treasury bills they Would have been pay ing 3J per cent-., «nd putting it in the Banks at 3 per cent. Some people woiJM have bim sell Treasury bills at 3£ per cent., locked up for five years, with a prospect of the money market coming down. (Mr. Solomon-"You have no need toseJItbem at five years'currency.") No; he would not be guilty of such folly. (Mr. Solomon-"No; you prefer to job on from day to day.") At this stage the Treasurer was aasaikd by an enfilading fire of inter jeotions at short range. .The Speaker intefj poled, and Mr. Holder insisted upon makin J his own explanation in his own vara He took exchanges from' where he coujq] get them best. The representative of an Adelaide . firm offered (him good tenon and he accepted them. (Mr. Sotamon-i "And you called them trust funds?") They! were put under that (heading, and later ott ®he Treasurer explained w<hy certain/ inonevs were called trust funds, and re ferred to an Act passed in 1891, giving tha .treasurer authority to handle Joan money. (Mr. Solomon-"But that does . not give authority to take money . at thirty days' ,'alJ.") The methods followed had not been petti fogging, but this proposition Mr. Darling took exception to and an exchange of com* pliments-also at short call-followed. Mr* Bolder continued in hi a explanation of the finances, and Messrs. Archibald, Coney beer, Kingston, and otheirs sought to assist) him by generously advancing pointd and liberaMy dheering, whilst Mr, Playford ?occasionally whispered "Hear,.hear," or ut tered an eloquent doubting Thomas laugh. If Mr. Grainger's motion, said the Trea- . surer, meant anything, it expressed want of confidence in his methods of financing* (Hear, ihear.) The Government, therefore, treated -tfhe motion as one of no confidence* (Cheers.) < Mr. Playford, in the capacity «o£ the candid friend, said that after, looking at the matter carefully ha . considered the Treasurer had made advantageous terms in the interests of the colony. (Ministerial cheers.) But- and1 here certain smiles vanished like the mist of a summer's morn-but it was a method', .said ex-Treasurer, ex-Agent-General Play-' ford, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, would never dream of exercising. It was d dangerous power to leave in the hands of a Treasurer who wag not able and con scientious. Mr. Holder was both able and' conscientious. It was a recognised principle of constitutional government that every thing should be free and above board and nothing kept secret. The Treasurer shouldl have advised the House what he. did* (Hear, hear.) He did not blame the Trpa'J surer at a time of crisis stepping outside the law and doing a gefod thing for the colony, but he ought not to have Kept Par* liament in ignorance. The moneys should' not have been covered up under a heading which conveyed an absolutely false im< pression. When the Treasurer told thel House that he had sufficient funds to carry1, on with he (Mr. Playford) was puzzled aatd where he had got it from. If the Treasure^ was open to receive money on loan he1 should make it public, , and not! give an ^advantage to persons who gotl about the "backstairs of the Treasury." Mr. Playfoi'd's kaleidoscopic address wa$ carefully listened to. For 3 minutes he< complimented Mr. Holder on a smart bit of financing. For 5 minutes he condemned? Mr. Holder for questionable methods, forf 2 seconds he referred to Mr. Holder as art. "able and conscientious" Treasurer; for 9 minutas he <depreoaited giving private indivijf duals, who knew the backstairs of the Trea*. sury, an unfair advantage, and for thfl( balance of the time occupied he hit oufi pretty straight. "i Air. Solomon said that stiiriving all ha cou!d fo let the Treasurer down lightly, Mr) Playford had confirmed all that he (Mr/ Solomon) had asserted. The House shoultfl strongly resent such transactions. i Air. Darling had every confidence in thdi friability of the country, T>ut he protested against the way in which the Treasurer hadi concealed the actual state of the finance#/ He had never dreamt that the Treasurer was receiving money clandestinely from onfc or two favoured individuals. If the Treatf surer had publicly notified that he was taW ing money, Mr. Holder could have got a quarter of a million or more. There Was an abundance or money in South Australia; and it was all nonsense t» talk of any tighrfa oess of the local money market. At $ne very time that the Treasurer was taking}' money * from Elder, Simth, & Co. aJB 3 per cent, that firm was publicly advety tising that it was taking deposits at '2 and! 2i per cent. (Daughter.) Splendid busmes^I He could have got for him a million oxr such terms. He protested against th^! financing methods adopted by the Tre&« surer. (Mr. Brooker, hesitatingly-"He has done away with the middleman. ) Thi& was too good a point for Mr. Darling to miss, and he turned the laugh against tn^ "anti-middlemen." Why, the Treasury ha<j! thrown himself into the arms of the middle^ men, and shown himself to be financially indebted to middlemen. (Daughter.) (Mr; Solomon-" 'Democrats!' Elder, Smith and Co." Laughter.) For half an hour Au&* tralia'a prince of grain merchants treated! the House to an excellent address cm tlj# working of the Exchange market. For si# years the Treasurer had followed lines laidi . down by Micawber. (Mr. O'Jjoughlin-"AHy: but he's come out all right." Laughtef.f j Mr Burgoyne thought that the enquire; w;ould do good, from whatever point of view they looked at it. Mr. Roberts ek r-ressed pleasure that a spirit of criticisiijf was growing in the Assembly. Whilst askf ing for the withdrawal of the motion, hg did not approve of the system of'financing brought to light. Mr. Oiks complained of the system followed and of the undue ad vantage given to one firm of woolbrokefS over others. It Was unfair to other busi< ness houses. He joined with other member's in congratulating Mr. Solomon on the goodj, he bad done in disclosing the transaction!! Mr. Hutchison complimented Mr. Graingerf on the manner he had introduced the sub^, ject. He had confidence in Mr. Holder but admitted that the system might prove dan^ j (rerouH in the hands of some Treasurer!)* Mr. Caldwell" would not be satisfied untjj ; they had a Committee of Finance, the samg as other colonies. Mr. McDonald consider^' ed the House and country were indebted to the Solomon Government for the sefkj vices they had rendered during their term!1 of office. Mr. Archibald supported the Go# vernment, but considered the Treasurer ha® made an error of judgment, and appealed tl him on patriotic motives not to do if again. J Mr. Kingston then rose full of apparel j righteous indignation. He slashed abouft him in a style which recalled some lines the White Feather comedy, where a dej> posed chief sings:- J I'm chief of the tribe ot the Wa-wa-ta-see, 1 As savage a savage as savage can be; > I've scalped and I've murdered full many a foe-*. Chorus. Yes, yes; but that liappened a long time ag6. . Though now a private member, Mr. King* ston's broadsides attracted attention, whilst. Government stocks rapidly rose to a p/erf) mium. Mr. Solomon, he said, had tried to trick Mr. Holder out of office, but hacf failed to move a motion of no confidence* when the Treasurer came into power/ as he consistently should have done. Thati attempt had devolved upon Mr. Graing'wJ who had been collaborating with Mr. Solof mon. (Mr. Grainger and Mr. Solomon-?! Quite incorrect. Mr. Grainger-I'll tell youT what I think of you directly.) Accepting the full risk of such a threat, the member for West Adelaide forged straight ahead. In scathing terms he deprecated the dis graceful practices of some hon. members of making infamous charges and indulging in imputations. Members inconsiderately, lynched, just as if the right hozu gentleman Was indulging in a good Joker - But he was very much in earnest, and the Politician as Preacher delivered a forceful sermon, which might have had. the Goldeh Rule-cum-Ten .Commandments cum^-#ermon on'Mount as a -text. He ex tolled the Treasurer, considered his oppo nents had been put to rout, and closed a vigorous address by challenging the enemy to "eome on" and do their worst.' Mr. Grainger referred to the"bounce and bluster" they had just experienced. Mr. Kingston, he said, practised the- old game of skulking behind members .and speaking last. Mr. Solomon bad no knowledge of the tabfing of the motion, and Mr; King ston's insinuation had no truth in it. Mr. Kingston's history in South Australia .made it unnecessary for anybody to bring accu sations against him. His actions spoke louder 'than words, but he (Mr. Grainger) would not pursue that subject. Had tha Treasury advertised be could have obtain ed half a million or more on better terms. The Treasurer had wilfully deceived the House by withholding information, and only giving half the truth when questioned on the condition of 'the finances. Members had reason to be suspicious. (Mr. Kingston -Suspicion ever haunts the guilty mind.) Then the hon. member must be haunted by a ghost -day and night. (Laughter.) Mr. Grainger asked leave to withdraw his motion, but Mr. Kingston loudly, cried "No," and it was negatived on the voices. Motions in the names of Mr. Giles for a Commission on educational system; of Mr. Grainger in reference to elections for tihe Federal Parliament; Mr. Glynn on effective voting, were swept off the paper. The . Treasurer delivered « sneecli on Mr. Wood's motion dealing with the perennial Arthur will case, and the matter dropped, owing to a motion for a fortnight's adjournment Ihavina been negatived. After the dinner hour Mr. Rounsevell took tip the tale on the Government policy, and devoted considerable attention to the "erratic" methods of financing, and then twitted the so-called "Liberals, who after nailing their "household suffrage" flag to the -mast had sitruck it. Those members would probably be heard again indulging in mock heroics. There was no chance of the £15 Franchise Bill passing in tihe Council. He defended the action of the Solomon Go vernment in connection with the negotia tions with the Glenelg Riiilhvay Company. Mr. Kingston, who followed, aaid he rose with harmonious feelings. (Laughter. Mr. Glvnn-Wagnerian harmony.") He wanted nothing made in Germany. (Laughter.) The Kingston Government could have held office if they had given way. The hon. mem ber then .paid a tribute of praise to his o!d colleagues, those who were in office again and ttase left out. He was stand ing out. (Mr. Livingston-"And still boss the show.") Members looked up astonish ed at the source of "such an interjection.) lie never bossed anything. (Laughter.) The defeat of the Kingston Ministry was the betrayal of a great cause-"house hold suffrage." (Mr. Wood, tenderly-"Oh, isn't this rich.") Then the House for an hour was treated to one of the ablest speeches heard in the Assembly for many o day. Mr. Kingston rose to federal alti tudes of eloquence, and delighted his audi ence with a thoughtful, forceful, and* elabo rate address on the franchise question, the constitutional position, and his own rela tions towards household suffrage, and the proposal to come down to a. £15 qualifica tion. From his point of view it was a capital speech-too exhaustive and closely reasoned to lend itself to a summary. But the ex-Premier could not keep it up. In the second hour Mr. Kingston fell from his high estate, and indulged in an all-round personal attack, which was shared by the lion. J. L. Stirling, and Messrs. Solomon, Burgoyne, Glynn, and others who, in the opinion of the ex- Premier, had sinned in some way or another. There were big sins and little sins, but sins they were when measured by Mr. Kingston's code of honour. Mr. Burgoyne was constrained to exclaim-"Oh, what trifling is this!" Mr. Glynn too1 the matter seriously-notwith standing th.it Mr. Kingston smiled just as much as he fumed and frowned-and he interjected freely. At the close of his ad dress Mr. Kingston was loudly cheered, and three Ministers and several members walked across and warmly shook him by the hand. Mr. Burgoyne thereupon ob tained an adjournment of the debate. The Commissioner of Public Works mov ed the second reading of the Glenelg Rail way Bill, and was followed by several speakers, who urged that the existing rights of population along the lines of rail ways should be observed. Mr. Glynn made some pointed references to Mr. Kingston's "insinuations." No member had a right to impute dishonesty against any other mem bar. The negotiations with the Glenelg Company were further explained, and the Hill was taken into Committee. When there Mr. Price inserted an amendment with a view of preventing deviations being made without the knowledge of Parliament. The measure was taken up to its final fotage. The balance of the sitting was devoted to reducing the Notice-paper, and the Pre mier notified that he would ask members lo meet at 2 o'clock on Friday and Monday next, and then mornings, afternoons, and evenings until the Governor arrived for prorogation purposes. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Members were in an enquiring mood on Thursday. Mr. Wood called attention to the differences of expressions on the fran chise question made by the Attorney-Gene ral in the Council and the Premier in the Assembly. The Attorney-General had said the Government did not intend to go be yond the £15 qualification. Mr. Holder re plied that the statement made by the At torney- General was accurate, but that, the 'reports of" it were not quite ' correct. (Laughter.) Mr. Price enquired if, during .the delay in the appointment of another Police Board, the suspension of certain de tectives Won Id be removed- (Mr. Kingston . -I hope not.) Mr. Jenkins said there was no delay, and the matter was in hand. Approval was granted for the exchange of land with Mr. Bowman, in the Hundred of Bundey, and the Glenelg Railway Bill passed through aTi its stages, but not be fore considerable discussion. The trouble was over the question of proibable devia tions, and information was as difficult to extract wis a double-fanged molar. Mr. Burgoyne resumed the debate cm the Government policy, and spoke at consider able length, reviewing the campaign on the franchise qucst+on, and defended, his action in connection .with the recent crisis. Mr. Bntler made an exhaustive speech. He opened with a personal explanation, hav ing reference to his absence from the Trea sury benches. He appreciated the compli ments paid to him, and expressed the opinion -that it would be a national loss if Mr. Kingston kept his rash promise not to give his services to the Federal Parlia ment until household suffrage was accom plished-a hope which was cheered from all si dee of the House. Mr. Butler ex plained that-be refused the offer of Whip shin, but the Premier -had promised him a reversionaryinterest "to a position on the Treasuiy benches when Mr. Holder went to the Federal Piaurliament. ; Tlie ex- Minis ter then dealt at length with his,, adminis tration of the Education Department, and defended himself against 'remarks made by Mr/Peake. Mr. Caid-wgll paid a tribute -of respect and praise to Mr. Kingston, and then lec tured Mm for not maintaining at all times the dignity of lie Hous'e. Mr. Poynton claimed tl\at during the seven years She had been in the House he had been a consistent supporter of liberal mea sures, and was entitled to share credit with the Kingston Government for the industrial and land legislation -passed. If -he at ony time had any doubts about 'his recent vote his action had been justified by Mr. King ston's declaration the previous night thai (he intended to penalize friend and foe'alike. It wias no secret that it was merely a ques tion of time with certain members when Mr. Kingston would have ito be stopped from running the head of liberalism against the wall. It was all veiy well for members to try and ride in the wave of popularity and denounce others with whom they secretly agreed. It was no secret that in the event of a dissolution a! number of members would ihave gone to "their consti tuents oti a £15 qualification. (Mr. King ston-"Name, name.") There were several. (Mr. Blacker-"Hear, hear. Hailf a dozen at least." Mr. Kingston-"Name.") An in ' terjeetion from Mr. Kingston caused Mr. Poynton to retortIhatt he member for West Adelaide nfft only wished to Ihave a one man Ministry, but also a one-man Parlia ment. Everybody had to bow to him or suffer his displeasure. (Mr. Solomon "Hell lick your boots so long as he can use you.") The member ofr Flinders, who wijte in excellent form, defended himself against attackslaiimcd at him by Labour members with whom he had been closely asociated for years, and unworthy insinuations of certain papers. Mir. MclCenzie thought .there were some members who thouglbt that the Kingston Government could do no wrong, but he had reasons for thinking otherwise, and had voted against them. There wan a reaction of feeling in the country against household suffrage, and if the Assembly members went to their constituents next day they would come back weaker on the question. When Ihe heard Mr. Kingston the previous evening pouring forth his wrath on the members of the Solomon Government he thanked his stars 'he had not been one of them. Mr. McKenziie was met with inter iuptiions, but 'lie stood his ground like a valiant Highlander, artd came through ai.l right. 