HER DOWRY, — A North Queensland Story. — By Von Kotze. (For the "North Queensland Register.') (Copyright) VI. After dinner, Jim Start and the vis itor left for Kalooma, jogging comfort ably along through tbe bright Bilent afternoon, their conversation being mostly addressed to their horses. They had, each of them, enough, to think about, without troubling the other for entertainment. Meanwhile, at Riverside, Emily was slowly recovering from the evil effects of her second proposal. After due consideration she concluded not to tell her father or Lizzy about the matter. It was no use precipitating tho inevit able domestic cataclysm, she thought; and so she lay low and awaited develop ments. But when the first anger at jacK Mc Lean's impertinence had evaporated, Bhe began to feel rather pleased with the little adventure. Within a radius of 30 miles there existed at present only two marriageable young men; and Bhe had scored the possible! It was cer tainly a triumph. And then she recur red to her latest conquest's impassioned flattery, and the things he had said about the city girls. After all. he could not be so very much blamed for* his good taste ! And it was something to be proud of, to have the nephew of a rich old squatter at one's feet, the heir to Kalooma, crack station ot North Queensland. "I am more beautiful than any girl he has ever seen!" she repeated to herself, over and over again. And she would trip to the looking-glass in her room, under the pretence of touch lag up her hair, or fastening a pin. If it were as easy to deceive other people as it id to deceive oneself, how flourish ing the 'trade of the confidence man would be! "I wonder what mother will say," she thought. And she shivered a little. One—two whole days more, and then Mrs Sturt would be back. Kclto wap to take- tlifl buggy to-morrow morning to the mail-station, where the coacn set down Its passengers from the rail way terminus; and llie day following, late in the afternoon perhaps, he would be back in Rlvufiide, and "Oh, well! It can't be altered now!" she eighed. "I wish Mr McLean wou'd go South again, and leave we. alone. Oh, why was I made so pretty?" She blushed guiMily s.t her own compliment, as any modest young lady wpuid kavo done, and started for the glass once more. But with a short laugh she stopped half way, turned resolutely Iter back on the flnful re flector, and wenlt out to potte; among the plates and pans in the kitchen , now humming odd snatches of 6<n-.g, and then again staring meditatively into the distance, with a frown between her eyes and a pucker on lier lips. "What is up with you to-day, Emmy ?" asked Jim's wife, as she caught the girl standing with a spoon in one hand and a saucepan In the other, gazing discontentedly with tear ful eyes into (ho fire. Emily Btarted and flushed. "Oh, 1 —I was thinking of mother. She will be back the day after to-morrow." Mrs Sturt looked uneasy and dls tressed. "Oh, you poor, poor dear!" cried the impulsive girl, banging down the pan and flinging her arms around h;r sister. "Don't look so cad. I am sure, mother isnU half as hard as you think her.« Why are you always so afraid of her, Lizzy ?" Mrs Sturt put the girl's arms away from her, mechanically. "You don't understand, Emmy, you don't under stand," she answered, smoothing the other's fair hair tenderly. "I am not afmidof your mother, dear. It is only for Jim's sakei—but there, It's no good bothering your flighty head with' my troubles. Go along, child, and don't cry any more, like a good girl." And she kissed Emily and pushed her gently out of the kitchen. But notwithstanding fcer assurance to the contrary, young Mrs Start was afraid of her mother-in-law. The cider woman did not take kindly to her son's wife, the delicate, toivnbred, girl, without any recommendation but her doll's face. She had made up her mind from the very first tc dislike l-izzy; and the fact that the latter knew abso lutely nothing of housekeeping, and had not brought a. single p*rmy to her husband was not calculatedVto raise h?r in the mother's eslima-Mon. What w?s the good, old Mrs Sturt asked over and "over again in discussion wLt;h Her hus band, what tn earth was tka gfiod 'of such a wife to Jim?" Lizzy had felt this initial animosity, and shrank timidly from its countless allusions 10 her ignorance in domestic affairs, to her poverty, to hm' want of a social status, adequate to th? one th3 Sturts had acquired, which kept her in a constant state of nervous quiver. The old lady's tempsr Was short and sharp, and her manners were no doubt some what coarsened from those years of hard, Joyless work In vulgar, depressing surrounding?. Emily did not suffer much uudei* the lash of her mother's tongue, and tcck EccldInR3 and rebukes in good humor. But Li?.zy was mor bidly eensitivc, suspoctlr.g a fcarcasni in every sentence, seeing a deliberate Insult In every lecture. Hce nerves were continually on edge- in the com pany o,l Mrs Styrt senior. But the-great Jove, that was to a considerable extent a cort of worship ping gratitude, that she bore her hus band, had helped her 'through the daily misery of continuous misunderstand ing. She was Jim's mother, that can tankerous old woman, and so she, had to be endured patiently as one of the inevitable shadows that always accom pany the strong light of human happi ness The suscentible young wife was per hap3 quite as much to blame for this unsatisfactory state, of affairs in the family as lier mother-in-law. She ground herself away In constant fric tion. that was to a large extent purely cxinUDK in her hyper-sensitive imagin ation. Even..with her husband, who did not realise the anguish a thought less word caused heir, she had not been abl<» at first to find the pitying and strengthening sympathy she needed. And the worry, the unrelieved tension of her nerves, were threatening to undeimfne her he-f.lir; physically and mente!Iy Yet, during the last few days Jim had been so quite different, so far more amenable to trifling and hitherto im palpable influences. Was he begin ning to understand ? she wondered. And she clasped her hands In a passion' ate gesture of appeal. Was he being drawn into closer affinity with her own bidden nature ? It did seem eo to her. And Just at this juncture the mother was returning, and all would be In terrupted and at an end. The bard, matter- of-fact genius of the old woman, would conquer Jim once morei, and the first few scarce visible threads of a pplrltual attachment would be rudely torn asunder. "Lizzy, I am off to look after the milkers," cried Emily from outside. "Just look after tha oven, will you, while I'm away. I won't be long." .The sun was setting, and Koko was driving a string of cows before him, cursing horribly In infamous pigeon English, and viciously throwing sticks at refractory animals, which, however did npt seetn to disturb thr serenity of the bovines to any alarming degree. They did not hurry themselves out of a consequential, leisurely walk, and be fore the calves had bean penned for the night and all was fixed, it was nearly dark. Koko had disappeared supperwards, and Emily stood alone, wrapt appar ently in deepest meditation. In fact, go far were her thoughts away, that she did not hear the approaching foot steps, and screamed with fright—but not loud enough to be heard at ithe house—when somebody put 5iis hands suddenly over her eyes from behind, and asked an insoluble riddle, and de manded backsheesh, and offered a pen ny for her thoughts, and otherwise de ported himself most objectionably. "Charlie, let me go, tbia minute! What do you mean by sneaking abcul here in the dark and frightening people ?" "Oh, you little hypocrite! As if you hadn't been expecting ie.s all the time!" "How dare you tell Mich flbs, Char lie ?" ehe said plaintively. "I wasn't thinking cf you at all—there !" "Of whom wc-ra you thinking then ?" "That is my foustnc-ss." "Alright, my lady! It is a goad job 1 have been thinking rf you iii time, though. I nearly forgot our appoint ment." "Oh, Charlie!" she exclaimed In horror. "I would never, never, never have spoken another word to you!" "But I thought you weren't expect ing me. You said just now—" "Shut up, will you!—And now, guess what has happened." "Is it soinelhing bad? "That depends," she answered doubt fully. "Your mother didn't ccrae back, did she?" he asked apprehensively. "Wrong! fhe won't be back till the day after tomorrow." "Well, did—did—no, I can't guess ! "Oh, you stupid! Wait, I'll help you. There was a visiter at tho house 'to- day." "Has he anything to do with vou and me." "Ye-es!" "A parson, perhaps!" Penwick sug gested jocularly, and an instant later rubbed his cheek with a very rueful countenance, while Miss Sturt'a fingers tingled surprisingly. "If you can't bshave yourself I shall go heme," she pronounced with acerbity. "Well, how can a fellow guess—" "Charlie, you are. silly! Now just try and reflect a bit. Don't you re member a certain—a certain gentleman who—who—" "Oh„ you mean old Mac's nephew!'1 "I mean Mr John McLean!" she answered loftily. "And what the deuce did he want?" "Can't you guess ?" ■ "Did he—" "Yes!" she nodded. "Aslc you—" "Yes!" "To marry him?" "Yes!" "The scoundrel! The Infernal, con ceited little cad !" "A man isn't a scoundrel for—falling in love with me?" "The impudent young bounder!" went on Fenwick unheedingly. "I only wish I had, been there ! I would have given hlin an answer." He slopped short. "I say, Emily, you did not—'* "Did not what ?" She enjoyed her lover's sudden, trepidation immensely. "You did not give him any hop9 ?" "Well, you. kndv, Charlie, he is a very nice young in an!" The girl spoke deliberately, with that predilection for the gentle pastime of torture common , to women. Red Indians, and other sav ages. "And he will be very rich. And be premised to take me to Sydney, and to let ma go to tho theatre, and sea ever so many things. And he said 1 v/as the most beautiful girl he ever Eaw !" The young lady did not even blush. What Is the good of blushing in the dark, anyhow? ~ Mr Fenwiclt was annihilated. He could only stand and gasp, and curse Inwardly, and try vainly to yc^r through the night into Emily's face, to determine whether she was in earn est or not. ■■ "Well, what do you say to that?" she asked at last, triumphantly. "Oh, Emily!" was all he did say. "And—and what do you think I answered?" He touched her hand tentatively, and as he met with no resistance, he followed the precedent established by a none too creditable authority and took the whole arm, and all that was belonging to the arm.. * "Emmy, my love, my own true lit tle sweetheart! How can I ever de serve you?" He kissed her tenderly, almost reverently. "And so you saia no?" "How did you guess that?" she asked in surprise. But he did not think it necessary to explain. He felt very, very touched indeed, and it seem ed to him that never before he had ap preciated the good fortune, that gave him such a woman, so thoroughly as to-night. And with the tearful softness that comes from the consciousness of hav ing performed an exceedingly unselfish action, of having denied oneself for the sake of another, and that consists partly of regret and self-pity, and part ly of cherished joy, she mingled her sentimentalities with his, and they were both very happy, if not exactly cheerful. "And what shall you tell your mother?" arited Fenwick, as they parted just outside the radius of light that came from the verandah. "That I am going to marry you, or nobody at all!" she answered, firmly. 'And in the virtuous elation brought about by her lover's show of gratitude, and piqued at Jack M'Lean's threat of appeal, she really believed in the im mutability of her resolutions. And so did Mr. Charles Fen wick. Over twenty miles away from the scene of this clandestine conspiracy, as the sua was touching the highest .tops of the gumtrees in. the West, Jim Sturt and his companion came in sight of ttalooma. They put their horses to a canter and had soon reached the drafting yards, some distance from the station homestead. An Impenetrable cloud of dust -was hanging over the yards, gilded by the rays of the setting sua, like the purple canopy of some Titan's throne-room. The continuous roar of the bellowing cattle, intermingled with wild Etam pedes of the exasperated beasts from one corner to the other, choice collec tions of assorted profanity emanating from the drafting men, and wild whoops with which the blackboys drove the stock about, gave the scene a closer resemblance to a volcano in act ive eruption, than a bit of peaceful pastoral landscape. From the midst of this inferno, at the sound of the horses' hoofs clattering on the hard ground, old Eoss M'Lean emerged, cov ered with dirt and perspiration, his clothes bespattered with blood, his face grimy and scarce recognisable. With a cheery "Hallo!" he hailed the arrivals. "Is that you, Sturt? Glad to see you! It's a wonder you managed to get that lazy scamp Jack to come back •with you. I didn't expect him for at least a fortnight." "Now, uncle;" drawled the malignea young man, "you know, I told you I ♦would not be long." "Yes, we know all about that! But it is lucky, anyhow, that you did come," he continued, turning to Jim 8turt again. "There are tour of your bullocks in the yard. Picked 'em up with the mob yesterday at Hogan'e Creek and brought 'em in for you. We'll give you a hand to-morrow to put them back on to your country." Jim was staring at the pandemon ium in wide-eyed astonishment, and at last turned inquiringly to the old man: "I say, you'are not branding, are you?" "Tea, of course I am. What in thunder did you think I was doing? Putting a circus Into training, eh?" "Branding!'■ And with this weath er!" exclaimed Sturt. "What's wrong with the weather, anyhow? It's a bit dry; but, Lard, that Is nothing. Why, I remember In " "But, good heavens, man, there's fcareely any feed about! Half of those calves will.peg out, sure as death. It is simply lunacy to be knocking them about at this time of the year." The old man grinned. "You. don't know the country yet, my boy. Half is better than none! I got this mob from Hogan's Creek; that's on the boundary towards Mit chell Downs. And if I didn't muster them, Johnson would, you bet, and then I wouldn't see a hoof again. I know my neighbors," and he nodded1, mysteriously. "In fact," he added confidentially, "I've done the 6ame thing myself, when I was a young fel low. We all do it!" "It's an improving profession, this of cattle raising in the North," chimed in Jack. "If you got your deserts, every one of you would be In. gaol for the rest Of your lives. But you had beter knock off now, uncle, and come home for dinner. It'll be dark In a few minutes. And we are tired and hungry." "Go up to the house, my boys, go up to the house! You can tell mother to get the supper ready. I'll be there in a jiffy." And he vanished again in the mixture of purple dust and still more crimson profanity. The two men led their horses up to the house, threw off the saddles, and turned the animals loose. On the ver andah Mrs. McLean, met them, with a kindly smile of hospitable welcome, and soon they were comfortably en sconced in a couple of long chairs, en joying the first fresh breath of the night. The stars were coining out in the sky, one by one, and shrill cicadas began their evening concert, interrupt ed now and then by the long-drawn wail of curlew in the river, on the bank of which, like the homestead ot the Sturts, Kalooma was situated. Supper was enlivened by the sallies and the Inexhaustible fund of anecdote of the host, who needed but a fresh face at his table to inspire him at once to endless efforts in the line of old-time reminiscences, quite forget ting that the rest of the listeners had heard the same old stories a hundred times over already. But when a good yarn, or a Joke with not too* transcend entaliy fine a point, does penetrate into the hush, it takes to the untrammelled life most amazingly, and absolutely re fuses to leqire agoUij till It bm frown eo heavy and weak In the knees that it expires trom sheer exhaustion brought on by overwork and old age. The Palmer goldfield was only about fifty mile* from Kalooma ; and to the wild old days of the first rush Mr. McLean would hark back with special zest and relish. Innumerable were his recollections of those times, when money was plentiful and cattle and horses rare; a state of affairs that had sadly altered since then. "I remember, once; when I took a team of bullocks down to the field, in '72. They were a tough lot, and no mistake; old stagers, every one of them, and as hard as nails. I was eoine to brine up some rations and salt to Kalooma, but dash it all! If the beggars on the field didn't simply take those brutes of mine out of -the yokes—coolly Confiscated the lot. Of fered me a bob a pound for them, dead weight, bones and all; and-1 had to take it or leave it. Well, I did take it, and left the rations and the wag gons behind, and came back with the cash—mostly - in dust. Think of it, Sturt, a bob a pound for working bul locks!" he repeated, and added im pressively: "Bones and all, my boy, bones and all!" Jim was politely interested, but somehow the old man's stories palled on him to-night. He was thinking of 4he last time he had been sitting at this same table—with his wide. Even the wildest theories on the art of cat tle-raising did not rouse the heated opposition with which the younger man usually met the other's unortho dox opinions; and only the full exer tion (of Mr. McLean's unparalleled conversational powers could keep mat ters going. Jack had disappeared to a cool spot on the verandah, as soon as the meal was over, for he did not feel called up on to countenance his uncle's rhodo montadeB; and in his present tnood was impatient of another infliction of the old tales. Fifty miles on horse back and a scornful refusal was a tri fle too much calamity for one day. When he waB gone, and the host perforce stopped for a minute, to re gain his breath, the lady of the house turned to Jim: "I was thinking of asking your sis ter to stay with us tor a few weeks, Mr. gturt" she »a!4 Insinuatingly, trying to assume an indifferent ex pression. But when Jim looked inter rogatively at her, she blushed in some confusion, and hastily went on: "You know, we are old and lonely people new, Ross a.nd I, and we like to have young faces at our table for a change. And Jack tells roc that your mother iB cxpected back in a couple of days, eo you could well spare us the girl for a bit. It is only to five us old peoplo a pleasure, Mr. Sturt." Her accent had become imploring, and Jim easily saw through the thin artifice of the proposal. He smiled, and was on the point of consenting, when a tinge of remorse at the thought of poor Charles Fenwick made him al ter his mind. After all, things wero go much in favor of Jack McLean al-' ready, (hat the other man might as well receive some consideration. His hostess eat watching Ulin anx iousiy, quite unaware that her deep laid scheme had been ignominious!? detected at first try. •'I am sorry," began Jim, "but I cannot promise you to send her. I must wait till mother comes and ask her. You know, she might not be able to spare her just now." "Oh, your mother promised me to send her oarer, long before she left for South." Mrs. McLean in her eager ness quite overlooked the fact that it must annear remarkable she had not cent tor the girl before, instead of waiting till her nephew arrived. "She xold me she could do very well with out Gmlly for a time." "Certainly she can, certainly she can!" Mr. McLean chipped in. "Why, bow many women do you want to run a bit of a house? Mother here has been managing all by herself for the last 25 years. I remember, once, in •73 » "Ross, Ross! Wait till I have my promise," remonstrated his wife. Jim Siurt was casting vainly about for another cxcuse. Of course, he could tell them that Liz. was not very well, and unable to do much work. But then they would ply him with sympathetic questions, and ——. He looked embarrassedly into Mrs. Mc Lean's kindly eyes, and suddenly his heart went out to her. and without preface, in a disjointed, incoherent manner, he poured out the story of his wife and their recent adventure when returning from Kalooma a fortnight ago. It gave him untold relief to thuB lighten the burden of his sorrow for a if me by sharing it with these friendly old people, who listened full of con cern to the curious tale. But as Jim floundered along in the recital, It struck him that the whole occurrence was of the vaguest descrip tion, and must appear very trifling to the McLeans. To him it had acquir ed a very definite shape, from the ter rible effect on his wife. But he real ised, while vainly endeavoring to bring forward some concrete fact, something visible and solid, that a stranger would consider the whole affair an absurd phantasmagoria, and Lizzy's terror no thing but a hysterical fit, Just as he himself had believed at first. When he had finished, he glanced at the old lady, Instinctively evading the eyes of his host, who he felt would treat the whole matter as a jest only. His look was one beseeching sympathy, « and the . Impress of tearful Interest on Mrs. McLean's face mitigated some what hie trepidation as to the recep tion his story would meet. "At the mouth of Murder Greek, you say?*' Mrs. McLean asked at last, speaking in an awed whisper. And she nodded significantly at her hus band. who sat enveloped in dieep clouds of tobacco smoke, far from jocular tn hie appearance. 1 ' "It's strange, it's very strange!" he remarked, between mighty puffs. • Jim was surprised at the serioup way his flimsily unsatisfactory tale was being treated, and he waited tor the old people to express an opinion. "It's very strange indeed," repeat ed the host. "Did I ever tell yon that yarn abcut Murder Creek?" '•No!" said Jim. "Is there a yarn about It? There ought to be, judging by the name of it." And he involun tarily shuddered. "There is," grimly answered Mc Lean. And forthwith he launched out into aupther reminiscence of the early 4ays. It had happened about a year af ter the first great Palmer nub. The blacks were very hostile; and the pio neer squatters round about there had many an encounter with armed my alls. The Influx of miscellaneous blackguards of all shades of skin and morals had not helped to make rela tions between whites and aboriginals any friendlier, and attacks by the blacks, or murders of miners and' fos slckers, mostly Chinese, were frequent enoughs One day, just as McLean was leaving the. station, together with his wife, for a trip.to the coast, a dray loaded with, tools and camping uten sils, with a young woman perched on the top of the lot, had put in an appear ance; driven by a man who explained that he was going to prospect the coun try about Ralooma for a few weeks. He had worked on the Palmer, but with very indifferent success, and was going to try his luck further afield. McLean had warned him of the blacks, but the matt had only laughed deris ively and pointed to his Snider. "That'll keep 'em away, I guess!" he had chuckled. With a dubious shake of the head and a pitying glance at the young wife on the dray, a delicate, beautiful girl with a refined face fram ed in a mass of dark hair, McLean had taken his leave, repeating the caution. "A month later we came back, mo ther and I," he continued, gazing abs tractedly at his empty pipe, as if it had been a witness of the occurrence. And it looked old and disreputable en ough to date from ah even remoter period in history. "The man we had left in charge of the station told us the niggers had been very bad about the places, .and had speared a lot of cattle. And the prospector, who had pitched his camp near the junction of the creek —we called her Mimosa at that time— had been murdered by a mob of my alls. My man went over to-the camp, as soon as he heard about it, but ev erything; was gone and the blacks had disappeared. Since then they have called her Murder Creek." "Did they kill them both—man and wife?" asked-Jim, strangely interested in a story that was unfortunately but too common an event In the days when the North was an unknown land. I suppose bo," said the old man; "I suppose s6. Though, I believe —" '•0b, Ross!" interrupted Mrs. Mc Lean eagerly, her eyes brimming with tears-at the remembrance. "Don't you -Jcnow what they told us, many months later, some carriers who pass ed by.Jhere?"-- . " Yes, yeBj my dear!" -grumbled Mr. McLean.. - And turning to Jim, lie ex plained, somewhat reluctant, it seemed, to despoil his romance ot half its gory effect. "There was V edrt 'of a rumor that the woman had tscape'd trnd man aged to get 'to ttie-dcaetv-But-not hing certain was known; nothing certain!" He apparently derived some consola tion from the contemplation of the im .. probability of this hearsay, and re . psated deprecatingly: "Nothing cer • y J*tp(ther!'. thlij|jl'".sighed the old lady, "fiutitwfts jitter ior her to die than 'into the hands of those sav agps.'.v:..J!V&d; perhaps she was asleep,, and neVe/ kbfewt" ~ ,' "Biit- it y?ae doiie in the daylight," asserted her. husband, brutally relish ing hite cruel icondclasm. She only glanded at him reproach fully, and he'felt ta "scraping the bowl of his pipe with quite unnecessary as Riduitv. blunting in' his confusion the razor-edged blade of bis best niae kuife. "And was there never anything done In the matter—no investigation and all that?" "No! Those were stirring and un* settled tinajs." "You i/ee, iny boy," interpolated Mr. McLean again. "Nobody troubled much' about such things .then. The po'ice had quite enough on hand near er at home. No, , nothing was ever found out about it." There was a pause, - during which each of those three were following their own train of thoughts. At last Sturt began again hesitatingly. "And do you think—do you be lieve it possible it had anything to do with—with our adventure?" jfcfrr. McLean wrinkled his brows.. "I don't know," he said slowly. "I would have; laughed if anyoge tolij me about ghosts wandering about there, but—it's all very strange!" And he began mechanically; to 811 his pipe. "The niggers won't go near the place," he continued, "to save their lives. And very few whites about these parts care to be passing along there at night- time." "But I never ieard about it be fore!" expostulated Sturt. "Well, you know, it's a rough out of-the-way shop, and no one is likely to go poking about there. And then, tfyere are such a lot of places around here,' where somebody- or other .has been knocked on the head, that one kind of gets used to it. But the gorge of Murder-Creek is a vicious looking hole at any time, and) I suppose that's why they reckon it's haunted. But it'a all rot, of course!" ' "But, Robs,'* eskfid hi& wife, "how do you explain Mr; Stiirfs story then?" He lighted his pipe'- thoughtfully. "I don't knew, my dear!" be decided. ; looked enquiringly to warja^Jimk;, - . _r The young in a brown study,- half -no ot^fe/^TOon\tp offer, than , t&f1; eame • - '."I don't know!" ... f They sat in silence for a long time, till from ttaeverandakan unmistakable sound of suortng -pronounced Mr.- Mc X.ean junior to haveforgottem. for the nonce the discomfitures of daily lifey and the old: lady arofie with a«tart and iorked at the dock. "I suppose you are tired .after, your ride, Mr; SturtV Yoiif 'room* is ready for you—the same you have always had." And when Jim had shaken hands with her husband, she lighted him into the passage. "Mr. Sturt," ehe said, leaning against the cJoscd door, "do you think I—I could doahygood at Riverside. If I came over, you know!" Before Jim could answer, she went on hurriedly: - "Of course, I would.only come for a friendly chat with your mother and a little change./ I am sure poor Lizzy would nri suspect my: intentions—but perhaps I might be- able to win her confidence. Your mother is " she stopped embarraEsedly. .^ *T know!" nodded Jim gloomily. "Oh, well!" exclaimed Mrs. Mc lean, brightening up. "You under stand what I mean. I think Lean sympathise better with your wife than. Mrs. Sturt oj" lJtUe Emily can. • So that is settled. And now, good night, Mr. Sturt!" She held his hand in her kindly clasp: "Don't worry! Every thing will turn out well!" "Good night, Mrs. McLean, and thank ycu very much, for your kind ness." said Jim. Hut for all the hopeful prophecy of hie hostess he slept very little that night. (To be Continued.) 