DUE A MS THAT CAME TRUE. HOW MURDERS WERE TRACED. Strange as it may now appear, it is nevertheless a fact that in the past dreams, signs and portents played no inconsider able part in our la v courts, and the reports of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries are brimful of reference thereto. In counection wit h dreams, perhaps one ot the most remarkable trials, certainly of later days, was that in connection with the slaying of Maria Martin, or the murder ot the Bed Barn', in which tlie murderer was discovered wholly and solely through the means of information gained through a dream. The victim of the murder was the daughter of a m«'e catcher, who possessed fkr more beauty and education than young women of her class. Needless to say she was the cause of much jealousy, and amonng her lovers was a rich young man named John Oorder, by whom. she - was seduced and .then abandoned. In turn, - William Coider, John's brother, appeared upon the scene, and under promise of marriage Maria again betrayed; and afterwards finding that .-iic was to become a mother, she prayed her betrayer to carry out his pro mise. This, however, was not to the taste of William Oorder, who, under promise of a secret marriage, made arrangements with the girl to meet him at a red barn oil his mother's farm, whence they would leave for a neighboring town and get married. The girl met him as arranged, when he shot and buried her beneath the flooring of the barn. William Corder then disappeared, and returned after a few days, told Mr. and Mrs. Martin that the marriage had taken place, and that their daughter was liviDg at Ipswich. Some months elapsed, the barn wherein the body was buried was filled with corn, and no tidings came from the young woman, Corder gave as a reason that she had hurt her right hand, and therefore could not write to her parents, shortly after which Corder left the neighborhood. Some time later, Mrs. Martin dreamed that her daughter had been murdered by Corder and buried in the barn, and so frequently was the dream repeated that in the end the woman persuaded her husband to get the . grain removed, and to dig at the spot indi cated in the dream, which he did, when the body was immediately discovered and identi fied. Suspicion was naturally pointing to Corder, he was traced to London, where he was found married to a schoolmistress, on whose earnings he was living, he was arrested, found guilty, and duly executed, the meeting out of justice in this instance being entirely due to a dream. Dream Evidence. Harking back somewhat we find that in 1751 an Irish murderer was convicted largely upon dream evidence. One .Rogers, a waterford publican, dreamed that he saw a man murder another in a particular green spot on the summit of a neighboring mountain. On the following day he described both-men he had seen in his dream with perfect accuracy, which he did to many of his companions. One of the men was exceptionally strong; the other, who committed the crime, was weak and smalL Rogers at length prevailed upon the parish priest to accompany him to the spot, which was easily found, but which bore no traces of a death struggle. On the following day, however, two men entered the publichouse whose appearance tallied exactly with those in the dream vision. When they rose to. leave Rogers begged the one whom he expected to be murdered to remain, but unavailingly. After the man had left he nearly fainted from fright, and in the end persuaded a neighbor to accompany him to the green spot on the hill, where, sure enough, the tragedy of the dream had been enacted in real life. The murderer was traced and captured and Rogers was the principal witness against him. His description < f his dream was so vivid that the prisoner immediately acknowledged his guilt, and stated that he killed his companion with eight stabs, exactly as pictured in the dream. I In 1810, at Frankfort, in Germany, a woman named Krseme made application to a local judge to be sworn, as she had some information to impart relating to a murder committed in a remote village in Russia, many days' journey from her German domicile. Her story ran thusTen years before her only son loft home. She heard nothing of him, and had no idea at all where he was living until the night before when his spirit appeared to her and told lier what she now hastened to relate. The revelation was that after leaving hotn«' the young man had want'ered about till he had finally found work in the village of Kb if in Russia. Here he had fallen in love with a serf's daughter who had a Russian beau. On the prtcecing night this latter had inveigled the young teuton into the country, where he had stabbed him, and then concealed the body in a cave off the highway. The judge was so impressed with the description that he forvardisd it to a notary in Klaf. In the meantime Karl Kraerne had been misted and on teceipt of the dream story the police searched for the cave, found it exactly located as described, and also foui;d the body with a wound corresponding; with that detailed in the vision. The nu.rdeier was at once arrested, and the widow Kraetne undertook the long journey to avenge her son's death. Her recital in the court- was vivid in the extreme, and she screamed with fright when she first saw the prisoner, whom she picked out frcrn a crowd of men in a dimly lighted cell. She also identified the woman who was the cause of the trouble. Indian Visions. Touching haunted houses, we may recall an incident familiar enough at the begin ning of the century, when " The Memories of a Thug," was in everybody's hands, but remembered by few probably at this date M.<jor General sSleeinan, captain at that time, was travelling up country with his wife. He encamped in a pretty grove of mangos near Sangor. At midnight Mis. SiHRujau awoke screaming. In a dream she saw scores of naked corpses rise from the earth at the bedside. Her husband calmed her, and she slept again; but the dream returned and so paiufuily was she agitated that it became necessary to strike camp a little alter midnight. Captain Sleeman reported this incident to Meadows Taylor, who was then directing his famous campaign aeainst the - Thugs. He. questioned one -4 the approvers, who recog n- ed the description of the mango to be near-Sanger, at once. Several victims had been buried there. Taylor had the ground dug, and they turned up, if we remember rightly, the bones of seventeen persons. This is one the bsst ghost stories extant because indubitably authentic. At t he same time it i3 easily. explained. Mrs. Sleeman had been hearing the frightful evidence published from day to day at that time, when the Thnsrs had just Imen discovered. Shu knew th U t hey habitually buried their victims in groves, and that night she chanced to be iu the nervous con dition when waking thoughts take shape as dreams. The famouR regiment once known as the 74th Highlanders has a legend handed down for three generations at least. A captain whose name escapes us, wa.s writing in his tent at Sholapore, when k young soldier in hospital garb entered. " Please, sir, I wish to have my arrears bent to my mother. Will yon kindly takedown the address?" The officer'did so without thinking; when be looked up the visitor was gone. Then it struck him that this was very irregular. He called the feergkatit, who informed him that the-yonng man in question had died in the hospital the day before, leaving an unasual sum of money, and that the address of his friends could not be dis covered. It is alleged that a report of of these facts, drawn up there and then, still exists. 