OB, gow Ruth Woa Her Heritage. Bv Mrs. 0. Sheldoh, BBlhoiana of "The Mining Heir of fiallouby," "The Masked Bridal," Etc. CHAPTER XXXlIt. THE WORDS RA.KG LIKE THE SHELL OP DOOM, \- Tboie who plot the destruction of others, ofien full themselves." Mr Ladd made a second visit to Hazel- reed Height on the afternoon of the day foibwiug ma first call, and stated to Mrs Flioypioii that he'had had an important wtrrview sub the opposing counsel, and alio <rnh Mr Basil Meredith. " Mr Basil Meredith I" Inez interposed haroiv : " That has he to do with this matter V "An ! pardon me ; 1 should have stated rerhi.e, that Mr Meredith intends to marr> Mrs Ralph Plyuiplon within a few reeks, aud ao has authority to sondact her affairs ui oonneotion with her lawyer," Mr Imdd explained. ibcz Piympioo could not have been wimer U sue bad beta dead as she lis luued to ihis confirmation of what she had feared xiid suspected. Bui quickly recovering herself, she threw back her head and laughed a shrill, mucking. hysterical laugh. oo i>asn iu.eroui(.u u guuug ui marry Kuth l'lympiou?' she sueered. Then, observing her companion's look of per plciei astonishment, she continued apologetically : " Really, Mr Ladd, you musi excuse my seeming levity, but it struck ine as siugularly amusing that Mm IUIpQ Plympton should be about to sue me lor property which she claims on the strcugin oi haviug been the wife of a former lover of mine, when she is on the verg ut uiarrying another who unoe sus tained the same relation to me." Air Ladu merely oowed to indicate thai he understood the situation, while he also was miighteued somewhat regarding her motives for being so unreasonably de siruue of lighting her opponent to the billet end." " Well," she went on as he did not reply. "1 interrupted you, and i suppose that you have something of importance to say to me." Yes, l have," the gentleman gravely replied. "Mr Silsby has notified me thai, out of consideration for yon, as a womau, Mr Meredith has consented to giveaway a point of evidence, and you can avail yourself of it if you choose." " Indeed I Mr Meredith is remarkably considerate 1" bitterly retorted the angry woman. What is the nature of this point of evideuce 1' " it it this," said the lawyer impres sively : 44 it is known to yuur apponeuu, aud cm be proved, that the child whom yoc are representing as the heir to the i\ymptun properly is not your own child 1'' "Ah I that surely sounds very strong, Mr Liad," ecorutully responded Inez with ffonaerlul self-possession in view of the fact that ahe was trembling in every Turre, " but it really amounts to nothing, for 1 can produce the nurse who was with uie when my son was born, and who will testify that i gave birth to a boy on the 17tu of January " " posai t>!y you may be able to do that, but cau you also prove that this child is the same ?" Mr Ladd inquired, while his shrewd eyes searched her face. "Mrs riympU'ii," he went on gravely as he saw her cbauge coloar at his question. 41 this is a very grave matter. Air Meredith E&j;&thai; he cau produce a New Turk paper iu whicn there is an advertisement for a male child not over two weeks old ; thai lie cau also produce a boy who, in answer to that advertisement, took bis own little brother to you. This boy tells a tiraigiit, plausible etory ; and to aup- plouieut 1 Lis, Mr Meredith overheard only last Saturday a conversation between you and this same boy, during which you jrjed iu bnbo htm by the promise of some money to preserve your sestet. Now if these assertions can be proren you do not fctano the slightest chance in contest- iu6 i lie case; and besides, if you wero louud guilty of such an act of fraud you would be liable to imprisonment for a J.»ng lerm of years." ' Heaven ! you don't mean that 1" ex claimed Inez m a voice of horror, and awrued oat of her dissimulation by the unaiiBpected danger which now seemed to cxeuace her. "Mrs Pijmpton, you may rely upon what i uill you as being absMutely cor rect,1' Mr Ladd returned with dignity. " Of course, if 1 saw the vestige of » hope of Filming the case, 1 would contest it fur yoc to the best of my ability ; but undei the circumstances it becomes my doty to advise you to settle It privately, siuce your opponent are willing to grant you that privilege— — " . " How exceedingly magnanimous 1 in- terroj-wd Inez with a mocking sneer. "Yes, I certainly regard it so, the gentleman returned, 41 since Mr Meredith assured me, opon his honor, that they can bring against you oven stronger eviience than what has been revealed. Believe me. Mrs Plyinpton, there are very few people who would ahow you ao much con- si<k«rau?p — who would not insist upon pushing the pase to the extent of the law for the purpose of bringing to justice the author of a crime suoh as they claim has bfctu perpetrated against them, wu" J mitiht persuade you to be reasonable, and to consider, besides what I have already mentiuued, the scandal that would result from such an exposure," he conoluded earnestly. ' Well, ss for that matter, the woman who calls herself Mrs Ralph Plympton may stir up something of a scandal herself by appearing before the public us e claimant oi uus prwyw »/, retorted. 41 She has no means of proving that ahe was ever married, for ahe baa no certificate of that event ; the justice who she claims performed the ceremony is dead ; the records are burned , the only witneesis missing. "You are mistaken, my dear Mrs Plympton, about there being no oertifi float," said Mr Ladd. " H waa lost, but it has been fonnd — I have seen it." 41 Found 1" gasped his companion, catehi/ig her breath sharply j it must be a forgery;" , . . 44 No; it Is a genume document— Nathaniel Grant's signature would be a difficult one to forge, and I have seen it too many times not to recognise it, Mr Ladd positively affirmed. u0t course, the first thing I demanded when this claim was submitted to me was proof that Mrs Ralph Plympton was what she pro fessed to be, and am euro there u not the slightest doubt of the legality of her marriage with the eon of your late hus band." , , , . . 1 nez Plympton sank weakly back in her chair at this assurance, ber strength and coorago forsaking her. She began to realise that she had be come entangled in a net from whioh it might be very difficult to extricate herself if she persisted in her determination to 41 fight." She also realized that she had been lgnaminlously defeated .in every_ plot .irhlch ,he bad laid lor the downfall of her rival ; for Ae alienating of her hus band had really been ao triumph over Both, alnoe It had only re«nlted In reveal- log to her Ae feet that ahe had never really loved him. It ni a bltier hlow, and her arrogant nature oonld ill brook submission to it, 'After a moment ahe drew heraelf haughtily erect. "Really, Mr Ladd, it almost teems that yon are arguing In favor of Ae in terests of Ae opposing party," ahe said.in a tone of cold displeasure. "Ian not, madam, I assure you," he returned, coloring deeply at Ae alur ; " I am arguing for your interests alone ; for, as I hare already told you, 1 do not see Ae ghost of a Aanoe in Ais contest. If the case should come to a trial, 1 am rery much afraid that 1 conld not save you from expiating a crime, and for Ae sake of yoor late husband, who was my friend as well as my client, I would eare the name of Plympton from that disgrace." " Very well," Inez haughtily responded, "since you strongly urge it, I will con sider Ae matter of eettlement. Upon whet terms will they settle 1" Upon suoh terms as Ae law allows every widow— right of dower." "Really, Mrs Ruth is making a bold strike for a big stake 1" Inez interrupted in a towering passion. 11 1 will not con sent to it," she cried, starting to her feet ; " 1 will not submit to anything so mon strous. My husband intended that I should have the whole of his property — he utterly repudiated this girl and her child, and it was understood when I mar ried him that I should have everything." " That may be very true, Mrs Plymp ton," Baid the lawyer ; " but if such was his wish he should have made a will to that effect." " He did not think it necessary," Inez answered ; he was in perfect health until a few hours before he died, and was looking forward to the prospect of an heir to aucoeed to his property. "All the seme, It waa a very unwise omis sion not to either eettle a handsome aum upon yon, or make a will in yonr favor. I em really very sorry, and if by any means in my power 1 could secure more for you I would most gladly do ao. But Mr MerediA ia inexorable in hia demand that the child Hope shall have all that rightfully belongs to the nearest of kin." "It's a shame 1— an outrage 1" cried the angry woman, stamping her foot with passion. " Yes, it is hard," Mr Ladd acquiesced. " 1 must think it over — I cannot make up my mind to-day. How much time will they give met" his companion ex citedly inquired. " Well, 1 am afraid not very much," replied her counsel. " Mr MerediA is anxious to have something definitely de cided upon at once, as he is contemplating a trip to California about Ae first of Sep tember.1' " Ha I then they are to be married at that time I" cried Inez with a start. " Yes ; so Mr Silsby informs me." The wretched woman pressed her fingers hard against her temples to still Ae fierce throbbing that nearly drove her wild. The Aought of Basil Meredith's mar riage with Ruth Plympton was to her worae than the torture of the rack. " Well," ahe obeerved impatiently aa aoon as ahe could command herself suffi ciently to speak, " how much time oan 1 have 1" " A week or two perhaps ; 1 will try to stay proceedings to favor you as much as possible," said the lawyer. " But," he added, " I am advieed that there must be no further drawing npon the funds be longing to the estate." " Very well ; I have money of my own," Inez retorted sharply. " I can get along for a couple of weeks, 1 imagine, without robbing the Plympton bank account." Mr Ladd now arose to go ; Ae situation was becoming exceedingly uncomfortable for him while be also began to experience a feeling of disgust for Aia strange, fiery creature, with whom hitherto he had had only the pleasautest relations. Immediately after his departure Inez Plympton went to her own room, where she threw herself upon the bed, for ahe was worn out with the evil passions that had been aroused within her, while ahe was also alck at heart In view of Basil Meredith's approaching marriage. She began to realize, also, that ehe must relinquish all right and title to Hazel- wood Heights. She would be obliged to leave the beautiful place forever, for her reign waa ovet. It had been brilliant though brief, and her fate seemed all the more bitter because of that very fact. She bad burst upon Albany society like some eplendid meteor, and now ahe waa destined to sink as suddenly into oblivion, while her hated rival would queen it in her place. Doubtless Ruth would oocupy Ae Heights hereafter as her summer home ; her winters would of coursB be epeut in Basil Meredith's elegant residouce A New York — snd she ground her white teeth in impotent wrath as, In imagination, ahe pictured her, supremely happy in the love of her noble hnabsnd, moving abont those beautiful rooms which had ao recently been fitted op for herself with such lavish expenditure. " Oh 1 1 oonld burn it to Ae ground," she sobbed in abject grief, 1 wish I dare reduce it to ashes ; but of oourse if I should Ae crime would at once be at tributed to me. Ah 1 if it was not for the hope that Castillo has held out to me, 1 could almost wish that I were dead!" The following morning she received a note from Mr Lsdd, Informing her that aha would bo allcwed one week A whleh to make op her mAd whether ahe would contest Mrs Ralph Plympton's claim on behalf of her child or quietly settle the matter as already ptopoaed. He closed by remarking that he " trusted her nanal good judgment would lead her to decide A favor of Ae Utter arrangement." Only one week more I The words rang like the knell of doom in her ears. Not because she was so deeply attached to the place that it wonld burst her heart to leave Hazel wood Heights. There ware other places A Ae world where ehe could live and he just as comfortable, snd she would by no means be left destitute A surrendering that handsome property, although it oaused bar a keen pang to feel Aat her resources were to be ao materially curtailed. But Ae one Aought that sras the most prominent — that overbalanced every other feeliog mid considerations, waa the maddening fast Aat Rath, Ae woman whom ahe ao hated and envied, was to supersede her there. Voting the whole of thil allotted week she remamsd closely at home. She did not even go for her accustomed drives ; she denied heraelf to all visitors, while, roving restlessly from room to room— brooding opon Ae changes which Ae pear fatore threatened to, make in evitable ; thinking of Ae approaching marriage, Aat of itaelf was almost suffi cient to drive her insane, aha waa aa utterly wretched aa It ia possible to imagine that any human being could be. But on Ae day before the one set for her decision a letter heating a foreign postmark made Its appearance wiA Ae motnAg a»U. - - ., . There was a look of eager, startled curiosity in her eyes and a nervous tremor A bar hands as ahe hastily tore off the envelope and devoured its contents. Her face sras a study as Ae, perused Aose closely written page. ' Wonder, Inoredullty, hate, and trlnmph swept A qulok succession over her beantlfnl features, blazed In her -midnight eyes, and burned cn her cheeks. " Wonder of wonders 1" she breathed as ehe finished Ae epistle. Then ahe read it through a second time, more deliberately and carefully, after which ahe copied an address it bad con tained, Aen tearing Ae letter into atoms, ahe threw the fragments A to the grate and held a lighted Aper to Asm until Aey were entirely consumed. " There 1 there Is no danger of those ashes telling any tales," she muttered. " If I could have burned all other bridges behind me as effectually I should never have been A my present critical posi tion." She eat awhile abaorbed in Aought, Aen rialng, went to her desk, where ahe wrote rapidly for an hour, after whlob she enclosed Ae sheets in an envelope and supersoribed it with the address she had copied from Ae letter. Then slippAg this A to anoAer envelope with a few lines of explanation, ahe addressed it to "Senor Alfeo Oastillo, London, Eng land," and despatched it by a special messenger to the post offiee. "Oh! what a comedy of errors 1 what a romance 1" ahe exclaimed as ahe watched Ae servant ont of sight, while a low, mocking laugh rippled over her red Hps. Well, it will be 'diamond cot diamond' for a while, and then — oh, thank good ness 1 there is another continent and other prospects ahead.' CHAPTER XXXIV. aw apparition. "No eye to watch— no tongue to wonnd us, All earth forgot, and all heaven around us." The following morning Inez Plympton dreased heraelf with the utmost care, and drove into Ae city to give her answer to Mr Ladd. Apparently ahe was A Ae best of spirits. She was gracious, affable, blooming, and greeted ber counsel as if she had never known a ruffle of temper or an oo- oasion for an outbreak of pasaion. " Yea," ahe said, ahe had come to tell him that ahe would " settle but she would like to propose that a stated aum be given to her rather than what would be likely to aocrne to her from her dower right to one- third of the estate, for she was going abroad to live, and auoh an arrangement would be more convenient to ber Besides, since there would doubt less always be an unpleasantness between the two branches of the family, a final eettlement wonld be mnch more agreeable than to extend their business relations with each other indefinitely. She wonld also like to ask as a favor that ehe be allowed to remain at Hazel- wood Heights nntil ehe was ready to sail, which wonld not be nntil abont the Bret of October, as something had occurred to Interfere with her plana ; a change pre vious to thai would necessitate a great deal of trouble and expense to her, while ehe would engage to leave everyAing about the mansion and place in the best possible order, and pay whatever rent was deemed right for the few remainAg seeks that she would occupy it. Mr Ladd expressed himself ss pleased with her decision, and promised that he would make the very best arrangements possible for her, and let her know Ae re sult at an early date. So Inez Piympton went her way with a malicious gleam A her treacherous eyes, and the old mocking smile on her lips. Mr Meredith was inclined to insist that ahe be ordered to vacate Hazelwond Heights immediately, but RuA, alwaye kind aud considerate, pleaded that she be allowed to occupy tbe place until October, as ahe had requested. " I do not care to go there at present," she said. " 1 hare all that I can attend to during the next few weeks without having the care and confusion of moving. So please, Basil, let everything remain just as it is, and when we return from our trip we will go aui look the house over to see what changes we would like made before takAg possession of it next eum- mor." So Basil yielded, and it waa agreed that Mrs Anthony Plympton should remain mistress in the home where, for more than a year, she had queened it right royally, until October. Mr Meredith, with Mr Silsby and Mr Ladd, consulted together regarding a sellable earn to be settled npon her, in view of her signing sway all ber Aterest in the property. An agreement was finally made that seemed fair to them, and then Inez waa notified of the amount, and also that her request had been granted. When Mr Ladd told her ahe smiled viciously, and remarked with the utmost sang- froid : " Well, now Aat those matters are settled, what ia to bedone with Ae babyi" " The baby !" repealed the lawyer in wondering amaze. " 1 don't think 1 qnite understand you." ' " Why, sAce 1 have no further use for him, I thought, perhaps, Mrs Ruth Plympton might like to fake another pro- tege." Mr Ladd could scarcely conceal his disgust at Ala suggestion. " Do you mean that yon intend to de sert the child ?" he demanded. " Have you not adopted it ?" " No ; there wero no legal formalities," Inez replied indifferently. " Of course. If everyAAg had run smoothly 1 should have kept him for the aake of the pro perty, but ainoe tbe fraud has been dis covered, I do not intend to trouble myself any further about him." " Have you no affection for Ae child for whom yon have cared for ao long 1" tbe man wonderAgly Aquired. " Well, no ; I am free to confess that ohildren are simply odious to me," ahe nnblaahingly deoUred. "As long as he figured as Master Anthony Plympton. and I had Ae control of hla money, 1 could put tip with bim ; 1 could keep a nurse for him, and so he really didn't trouble me very muoh. Bat now that 1 have lost the game, I'm not willing to be at any expense on his account, ana Aose who robbed him of his fortune may pro vide for him, or I'll hand hfm over to aome institution." The lawyer was speechless before Ais manifestation of heartiessness, and before be conld folly recover himself to make any suggestion regarding the disposal of Ae poor little waif, Mr Silsby was an nounced. He apologised for intruding, bat added that, A his recent Aterview wiA Mr Ladd, he had entirely forgotten to state that.Mra Ralph Plympton desired bim to request that the Browning baby be con- algped to her care ; Aerefore he had come personally to asoarlaln if Mrs AnAony would consent to such an arrangement. "With the greatest pleasure A the world, sir," Ae woman replied wiA a sneering laugh ; " I had just intimated to Mr Ladd that some auoh disposition be made of Ae child i Mrs Ralph Estlake Hartmann Plympton can have him and welcome." .Thai in lees than two honrs afterward Maater- AnAony sras quietly sleeping in little Hope's crib, whua Will eat beelde him, a smile of Infinite oontent and ten- denies Blaming his plain but honest face. _jj To if Coniiniud. 