IDA'SI SWANS. "The most tiresome creatures in the world are other people's swans," said Angela. "Of course it is the other people who make them tiresome. In themselves they are often quite harmless. I should not like to be someone else's swan. The position draws attention to your short comings." "MIy cousin Ida, the one who lives in Germany, has just been over here. She brought a swan with her. W'e had to entertain him, and now Edward says he will never have one in the house again. His name was Isidore Katzenstein, and he was Ida's very best musical swan. She said it would be such a pleasure for us to have him in the house, and she hoped he would not object to our piano and our English ways. Edward said he hoped not, too. We are bo:h fond of Ida, and we don't mind her talking nonsense because we know she can't help it. I believe we should have liked Herr Kat zenstein if he had not been a swan. He played the piano very well, but not bet ter than Paderewski or Rubinstein. At least, that is our opinion. Ida says you can': have an opinion about music in this climate, and that in Germany no one would look at any other musician if Herr Katzenstein was in the room. He is an undersized young man, with rather good features, a curious twist in his walk, a?ld a very ordinary head of hair. You have only to look a: his hair to know that he never could set up as a first class musician. But Ida says that in Germany he is considered irresistible, and that every woman he meets loves him to distrac:ion. When he had stayed with us two days she asked me quite anxiously whether I preferred him to Ed ward yet I said I was sure I should soon if only he would play the piano in his coat. Because that very afternoon Mrs Dallas had called and had found him in his shirt sleeves playing the "Walkuren ritt," with a cigar in his mouth and a soda tumbler full of lager beer at his side. It was Ida's fault. After lunch sthe invited him to play, and said I should not mind at all if he smoked and took off his coat; and the lager beer she poured out with her own hands. She always waits on her swans. "Now he will feel at home," she whis- 1 pered to me. "I am so anxious for him to take back a pleasant impression of England." Then Mrs Dallas called, and I got up to welcome her, and Ida came towards us with a face like a tragic mask and said Herr Katzenstein never allowed anyone to speak while he was playing. Mrs Dallas thought I had two lunatics with me. She doesn't care for music. and while Herr Katzenstein thundered out the "Walkurenritt" he sang it too with the cigar in his mouth- and Ida joined in. "Why do they whoop like that?" Mrs Dallas whispered, but I dared not answer. I was afraid Herr Katzenstein would stop playing and run out of the room in a rage. Ida says he makes a point of doing so in Germany if anything annoys him. We were really better amused by last year's bird, an odd little "scientific' doctor. I asked Ida what the qualifica tion meant in this case, and she said that Dr. Tomsk did not practise. He wrote pamphlets about his great discoveries: and sometimes, in a light, lazy mood, he wrote novels and poems. She said he would be an improving friend for Ed ward, and that he had promised to drop in at three to-morrow afternoon, and that we might possibly persuade him to stay to dinner. "I shall be out to-morrow afternoon," said Edward. "I have an appointment." "Can't you put it off?" urged Ida. "Dr Tomsk might be offended if you were not here to receive him. He is a very busy man." "So is my dentist." said Edward, "and may appointment is with him." Ida thinks Edward rather flippant sometimes. She is always very solemn about her swans. She went on to tell us that Dr. Tomsk has been born in Germany, and brought up in most of the countries of Europe, and that each one in turn had helped to furnish and deco rate his extraordinary mind. So. of course, I felt very much afraid of enter taining him, until I remembered that he was a swan. TWhen he arrived I knew that, what ever his mind was, it could not be as ex traordinary as his looks and manners. You have seen pictures of a ghost made of a turnip set on a draped broomstick. His head was just that shape, and his eyes were round, and his nose an irrele vant dab of putty, and his clothes gro tesque and flyaway. But he was very good-humored and frie.dly, and when he had been about twenty minutes in the house he sat down on the hearthrug and read Schiller's poems to Ida and me. The poems seemed to excite him, and he soon got up and began to tear about the room, and Ida said 'my chairs and little tables were in his way. So we moved them as quietly - as we could, and when Edward came in he asked if we had been dancing. By this time it was dusk, and Dr. Temsk, who e. is rather deaf and half blind, did not ig notice Edward, and suddenly came at 't him out of a corner and said to him in t. a loud, resounding voice, "Auch ich war se in Arkadien geboren," and Edward was s Quite startled and knocked down a Sal viati glass and broke it. But he owned whel. Dr. Tomsk had gone that he cer t tainly had an extraordinary mind. r- "It is like that old furniture shop you _ haunt," he said to me, "crowded and u_ hugger-mugger and out of hand. He is a an entertaining ass, but we might easily id have too much of him." o We did. d I believe Ida's next swan will be a a, woman. She is full of an incomparable person called Amalie Boll. In my house affairs go a little wrong sometimes; we if are not exempt, like Amalie Boll, from s the ills of life or from its expenses. I can blunder; she cannot. The people who serve me sometimes serve me badly. She only employs experts. She denies herself nothing, and, most miraculous of all, she spends nothing. "But how does she manage it?" I asked. "She is the most shrewd and capable of women," said Ida. "Amalie Boll," confided Edward to me, later, "I met her last time I went to Eb a erheim; a gabbling, conceited, managing woman, dressed in green plaid, with yel low stripes. She told me it was a real R. ob Roy ta?lan. The kind of woman who will advise you and inform you about evirything under the sun-incor rectly. I dined at her house. There .n were caterpillars in the cauliflower. I a remember, because she made such a fuss :when she noticed that I didn't eat the a cauliflower. I said I would rather not. d and she was quite seriously offended. I couldn't help it. I hate caterpillars." If If Ida offers to bring this lady with her next summer Edward and I have e made up our minds to say that out sec -nd spare room is otherwise engaged. Edward says he can always use it for carpentering, and I really think that I would rather see shavings and sawdust r there than Amalie Boll. Because after t speaking to Edward about her I looked at her photograph in Ida's album, and I can quite believe what Ida sugges:s, that she would find fault with me and all my ways, and make no bones about saying so. "Your house is very pretty," my cousin d admits, "and your dinners are too; but it , would shock Amalie Boll to see how lit :le time you devote to your household duties. She is in her kitchen the whole morning, and every scrap of food in the d house is under lock and key; in the after d noon, assisted by a dressmaker who only s charges eighteenpence a day, she makes her clothes, and I assure you they look as if they came straight from Paris. In the evening she goes with her hus h band to a beer garden, or the theatre, or e to visit friends, but never without her knitting. She is a. pearl aiongs: women." Nevertheless, Edward and I maintain that we shall prefer sawdust to pearls if we are driven to make a choice next summer.-Mrs Andrew Dean, in "West minster Budget." - 