The Secret of Monks wood Waste. CHAPTER -VII.— (Continued.) ' IA 1'IUNCESS TREVAmON.', ' Dear Miss Trovanion ! how I must have startled you ! Did jou thiuk it was one of tho mythical monks tolling, his ghostly rosary? Pray, don't imagine yon aro tho only person in existence awake to the benefit of early ris ing, or to bo deluded into a charming walk under -waving trees. And tho walk from Trevanion to Afonkswood Waste is enchant ing — one long, leafy arcade.' ' Pray, how did you got in ?' Sybil said, very coldly. That aversion at first Bight, almost forgotten in her brilliance last oven ing, returned stronger than over. Somohow it had given her a most unploasant sensation to see this woman standing, with that absorbed face, before tho picture of her hero. ' Mrs. Telfer keeps all tho keys of the priory, except one that opens a little door in yonder turret. You aro not a witoh, I trust, Mrs. Ingram, and capablo of whisking through key-holes?' Again Mrs. Ingram laughed — and the silvery peal grated discordantly on Sybil's oar. 'Dear Miss Trovanion! What a droll idea ! No'indeed — I wish I wore. . What fun it would be. Oh, no ; I came through tho window near the south entrance; I shook it — only tho ivy and the honey suckle held it down, and I raised it as easy as possible, arid cropt through liko a burglar through a window!' Again that hilarious laugh. ' But now, dearest Miss Trevanion, wo aro hero, and together, and ? as I am positively dying to seo this dear, romantic old house, will you not good-naturedly turn cicerono, and show it mo ? I am certain it must bo ,f ull of nliding panels, and hidden trap-doors, and subterranean passages, and that sort of thing, and tho pictures I know aro Buporb.' , . . , 'Thoro is little time,' Sybil said, drawing out hor watch. ' I always attend to tho general's ? breakfast myself, and — -however,' with a bright, smiling courtesy ' indicative of tho lady born and bred, ' I will bo most happy to show youas-muoh of- tho'houso-as wo cair possibly boo in half an hour. There are Bocrot passages and hidden dooru in the priory ; but I am ignorant of their mysteries, bo I cannot point thorn out. You wore looking at my cousin's portrait — very good, is it not? You never saw him, of course ; but still you can aaBily toll that it is an oxcollont picturo.' Mrs. Ingram turned to look at it onco more. 'No,' she said, with a queer smilo, 'I never saw your ipusin, of course ; but tho picture, as voulMft. is a work of art. How vory, very handsome ho, must have boon !' ' Tho Trevauions aro all handsome,' Sybil said. 'That sounds conceited,' with a smile ; ' but I don't moon it so. Yes, ho was handsome as an angel. Poor Oyril ! I romombor him perfectly, young as I was ; and I loved him so vory, vory dearly 1' ' How tenderly she says it 1' the widow laughed. ' I'm afraid you lovo him still, dearest Sybil. I may call you Sybil, may I not ? and you will call mo Edith ? Thoro aro mon, they say, good enough, and brave enough, and handsome onougmto die for, and he looks as if he might bo ono of thotn. I havo never met any of those male domi-gods myself ; still, vory likoly they exist. But ho is a married man, iB ho not, my dear ? Vory sad story, his — Charley — told it mo— and sho was, an improper porson, was sho not ? Poor follow ! to bo so doludod, and at nineteen \ And those sort of womon live forever. No doubt tbo dreadful creature is in existence yet. And thoro novor waB oven a divorce, was thoro ?' ? 'Thoro was none Heeded,' Sybil said, haughtily, hor cheeks flushing, her oyes light ing. 'It. was no niarr?ago — thoro was not ovou a lioenso — thoy wore married at Grotna Green, aud ho was a minor. It was no marriage. Sho. may bo alive— tho horrible croature who ontr&ppod; him— but Cyril Tro vanion is as free, as tho. winds of boa von. Poor follow!' tho passionato tears , starting to hor eyes, ' ho has bitterly atoned for his one act of boyish folly !' .. The widow looked at her askance — at tho beautiful, flushed, impassioned faoo— and laughed orico more; but this time. tho laugh had a bittor, metallic ring. '. . ' '.' 'How vehement you ai-o ! : Ah 1' it is easy to forosoo what, this idolised soldior!s ? visit will end in. And being' in' London,' [ho will como down horo, doubtloss. ^Dpar.MisB Tro variion, shall I congratulate' you boforo ?hand?' ? '????;r---—r-:-'::r-'r'- ? ?*????: r Sybil turnod upon hor haughtily, hor groat oyos ufiro. . v -.'??? .:??? ' You will kindly keop your congratula tions, Mrs. Ingram, until thoy aro called for I Do you wish to sop tho pioturoB. ?' 'Booauso, if so, you must soo thom immediately. At this hour'I havo vpry littlo time to,sparo.'! ??? Sho led the way, lipr head thrown baok, tho tall, graceful figure haughtily erect, tho' stop irnporious, ' La , Prinoesso' .to tho ooro. Tho widow followod, n singular a«d by no moaus pleasant smilo on hor fair faqo. 'I should liko to lowor that lofty prido, to stoop 'that haughty, hoad, my 'dainty Lady Sybil. And I ,will, , too,, boforo I havo done with vou, as suroly aB my namo is not IMitK IAgrara!' ' ' Thoy wont down tho long piotuvo-gnllory,, tho early morning sunlight Btroaming redlyon mail-shirt and corselot of oruBador aud cavalier, on brandling , antlers and brass holmots, cavalry swords and bluo-bright) tliibroa, glittor ing dangorously. Sybil lod' tho way, with a look on hor handsomo faoo strangely liko that look of storn doqision on tho pibtarbd faoos of tho doad aud gbnp Trovauions. gazing down upon thorn from tho walls. It was thoro boneath tho '' half-raisod visor of Guy; Tro vauion, who fought side by eido with Riohard the Lion-Hearted ; now half hid, yet there still, amid tho suavo smile and waving love locks of another Cyril — the handsomest cavalier in the gay court of tho ' merry monarch,' now under tho powdered peruke and slashed doublet of Jasper, tho brightest star in the court of Queen Anne. And you saw it again in the beautiful, smiling face of Rosalind Trevanion, in her starched Eliza bethan ruffle and stiff stomacher, under laco and farthingal(e ; in the knight with his bland Bmile and deadly rapier j in the lady with her diamonds and stiff brocades ; in. all the faces of the men and women of the race. There was but time for a glance at all thesp, for a poop into the great banqueting room, largo and lofty as a church j into tho tapestried chambers'; into tho long refectory, where the shadowy monks had mot for their silent meals ; into tho old chapel, with its holy water-fonts,- its idle censers, its vacant choir, its dim paintings and palo statues of saints and angels ; into the cells, where those grim ascetics Bought their comfortless couches, ' ThonrSybil handed her companion a key, and turned to depart. ' I will be late as it is,' sho said, ' and General Trcanion doteBtB being kept wait ing. But you can go over tho houso at your leisure, and let yourself out without tho trouble of getting through tho window. Unless, indeed,' smiling, ' you fear the prior'B ghost.' '? I don't fear the prior's ghost,' the widow responded, gaily, but I do a reproach from my lady. If you will permit mo, dear Sybil — thoro, I can not be formal — I will walk back with you, It will take us at leaBt an hour und a half to roach Trevanion. Of course Sybil assented, not best pleased, howovor. . Sho did not liko the affectionate widow, with her vory affectionate ' Sybil ;' but she was mamma's friend, and, as such, to be treated. Sho was Sybil's guest, too, and that young lady had all an Arab's idea of tho beauty of hospitality. You partook of her bread and salt, and lodged in her tent, and though you were her deadliest ouomy, you mnstbe treated courteously and cordially from thenceforth. So, through the golden glory of tho cloud less summer morning, tho two ladies walked baok to Trovanion Park, and only separated at. the house— Mrs. Ingram hastening to meet her patroness, and Sybil to minister to tho wants of tho sick seigneur. Delphino found her just quitting tho general's apartments, and delivered my lady's message. Miss Trovanion hastened at onco to obey tho maternal behest. ' You sent for' me, mamma ?' Sybil remarked, aa she entored. 'I trust I see you quite recovoreu cms morning irom me luwguu of yesterday's journey.' 'Thanks, ; dear,' Lady Lomox said, rub-, bing her aquiline nose pettishly. ' I am as well, I dare say, as I over wi,ll bo in this world,, Bftt =1 am worried nearly to death over since .that, absurd boy burst in upon us last night with. his ridiculous nows.' . '.| Absur.d;',upy,il i /ridiculous.. ; news I1' 'hSr daughter repeated, surprised., ; 'J don't underr stand f-marLfiha'.''' ~ — '??'-'';:''?.' '~r*r^*'.~'*V'*^T^'~ '; ' There, Sybil don't protend, to bo obtuse. You .must understand; I mean Charles, of course, coming home in a galo, and crying out that Cyril Trovanion ! had returned ! It, isn't, possible, you know, Sybil ; but still, tho baro report, fidgets mo almost to death.'' . ' Indeed ! And why, pray ? C°'onel Tre vanion has surely a perfect right ito return to his nd'Uvo land if ho choosos ?' ' Yes, very likely ; only I should think, if ho possessed ono atom of spirit, ho would bo ashamed to show Iub face in tho country where he so Bignally disgraced himself, and whero his scandalous story is still so well known.' ^ . 'Ashamed to show his faco! Disgraced himself!'' Sybil repeated, her spirited oyeB beginning to sparkle dangorously. ' Aro not your terms a littlo harsh, Lady Lemox? You are extremely sovoro on tho boyish folly of a lad of ninetoon — folly for which, Heaven knows, ho haB long and bitterly atoned,' ' Oh, of course !' exclaimed my lady, vehemently.' ' I know how it would be ! You still adhere to your old role of champion. Boyish folly, indeed ! Wo all know tuolilo ho led in Paris some years, ago — tho drinking, tho gambling, tho womon, the wine— tho, horrors of all . sortB. No right-minded young lady ought to think of him without a blush.' , ? ? , : ' Poor follow 1' Sybil said, bitterly., ' Evoi-V: ono throws a Btono at a drowning dog, don t. they,' mamma P Pray, who has been prompt-, ing .your part this morning?' with _ a, dangorously flashing glance of, tho long, almond oyos towards tho widow. . ' I oan scarooly believe that all this would, como to. you of itself,, mamma,! Mrs. Ingram is your confidante and advisor , 'but, suroly Mrs. Ingram can havo no possible 'interest in tho matter. Tho return of my oousin Oyril can be nothing to hor, onp way or tho other. ' Lobs than nothing,' tho widow said, vory gently, and1 looking at tho haughty speakor with soft,' reproachful ^oyoB;, 'Dear Lady Lemox, permit me to leave tho room.'' 'Ibeg.'your pardon,' Miss Trovanion ox olaimod, hastily. 'I am sorry ' if I have: fudged , you rashly.'.', , Mrs. .Ingram,; bowed deoply. 'But roally mamma, I don't boo your drift; Did, you send for me, moroly, to read mo a looturb. ..If so, I havo, not deserved, it., i I certainly did. not irocall tho wanderer from South America.'.'', ,-n ,?/. ?? ?',-?.?; -. i ? ' ; ?, iH But:you-, are,, vory glad ' ho haB como, all tho Hamo P' ? .?..? ..??;?' : .'?/:.-?? --??*» -u ^ '?'^'?'??''t ., A soft flush rose to Sybil's . delicate cheeks, a gentler light shono, in the lovely oyos. , fj Yes,', sho said, almost under , hor breath ; 'jvoryrvory glad 1. Poor Cyril ! Ab,, mamma,, don!t bo bard1' on him! His orimo was not groat, and see how thoy havo madohimauffor.! Think of. all fcho- long, weary years of honao lbss, lonely wandering ovor tho world 1' Hor voice choked suddonly^ Sho turnod and walkod away to ono of the windows. ,Yos, it was oloar onough, tho memory of thia lonely wandoror was inexpressibly doar to . Sybil Trovanion. T?6v tho past ton yoai'B tho droam of hor lifo had boon hiB return— hor doar, romantic, idolisod Lara,' to, whom sho was roadv to nlav ' Kalod,' tho adoring pago, at a moment's notice. : ' What . nonsonso !' Ladj^ Lemox dried, onorgotically. ' Really, Sibyl, you aro ridi culously, sontimontal. Mado him, sufEor, forsooth ! A groat doal you know about tbo lifo such mutt as ho, hotter mon than ho, load.. Much timo ho has had for sufforiug — fighting Sopoys and Russians — playing ' lion' among tho chaumioro holies of tho Quartier Latin, griabttoB and ballot-danoors, suohas his wifo Wft8 — bin gambling, his horao-raoing, and all tho root of it. Ho would laugh ill your faoo i£ ho hoard your sontimontal rubbiufi.' ' My cousin was a gentleman !' Sybil said, cheek hot, eyes flushing, qneonly and proud. ' He would never laugh at mo, mamma. Will you kindly permit mo to go ? On this subject you and I will never agree,' ' You may go, certainly — only first promise me not to fetch this ruined lion of the fastest Parisian society here. You are abaurd enough, I fancy, even for that.' ' Quito absurd enough,' said Sybil, stand ing very erect, and with that look of stern ness and decision characteristic of tho ' stiff necked TrovanionB !' more marked than over. ' I will fetch him hero most surely, mamma, if I can, and yield every sod that was to be mine, every broad acre, to their rightful lord. This very day I will beg General Trevanion for justice to his discarded son — on my knees, iLnecessary. I would go forth a bnggar to morrow to seo Cyril Trovanion reinstated in his rights !' Lady Lemox gavo ono gasp, and fell baok. Words were powerless here, and her foelings were too many for her. She had recourses to her Bmelhng-salts and hor pockethandker chiof. 'And I will succeed, mamma,' Miss Tre vanion continued, moving towards tho door. ' His father loveB him still. It will be no hard task to persuade him to do simple justice to his only son. I am sorry if I grieve you, dear mamma,' more gently, ' but right is right tho wide world ovor. . Until we meet at dinner, au revoir.' Sho glided with queenly grace from the apartment, a sublimated look on her face that mado it actually glorious. As sho passed down the. long corridor, she caught sight of her brother stretched out on tho grass, under tho trees, smoking — tho picturo of indolent content. Two minutes later, and sho swooped down upon him — an impetuous young whirl wind in petticoats. ' Charley, it is truo — really, really true — that Oyril Trovanion has come back r' 'Eh?' said Charley, lifting his head. ' How much P Make that remark over again, my beloved sister, and please' don't be bo energetic. My head aches this morning — that s the worBt ,of tho 'sparkling cup of pleasure' — the lees aro bitter, bitter. The port, last night; was thick and sweot ; but ovon old port has its drawback, in an unfor tunate tendency to concentrate itself in a man's nose ; and tho Oliquot champagne waa heavenly — there is no other word for it — but sparkling Cliquot is only bottled headache and sour stomach, after all. Fill the huinpor fair ; Every drop wo sprinkle OVr the brour of care, Smooths away a wrinkle. sounds vory pretty; but tho wrinklos come next day, when remorse and soda, wator Bet in. Last' night I was happy ; this morning my worst enemies (tho tailor and. boot-maker) could wish mo no moro wretched. What did you aay, Sybil P Tho world is a hollow mockery, and life hath' lost ita charms, but I'll try to answer you— oro I die.' ? ' For pity's sake, ? Charley, stop that non sonso ! I asked you if it wore true that Cyril. Trovanibii Had' Wdlljrr'oturnoff P' *'~-'' ' Hawksloy said so, at least. Mot him in London — seody and sad, out of sorts, and out of pocket. Hero's his address — I took it down for your especial benefit — so you can fly to him on tho wings of lovo as fast as you ploaso.' He toi'o a leaf out of his note- book, and handed it to her. Sybil took it ; then, with out a word, turned and hurried into the house. Charley looked after hor, with a sigh of gontlo reproach. , ' Gratitude, thy name is woman ! Not ono word of thanks, not ono expression of con dolonce for my unhappy state. ' 'Twaa ever, thus from ohildhood's hour.' Porhaps I had bettor go to sleep.' Charloy sunk into balmy slumber accord ingly, until tho Juno Bun reached tho meridian, and, boat Btrongly down upon him, .Ho awoko in a stato a salamander might have envied, got up, yawned, stretched him self, and sauntorcd into tho houso. As ho passed into the ontranco hall, hie sister came flying down tho stairs, hor face flushed, her oyes sparkling, a foldod letter in nor liana, witn an impetuous outburst boo flung hor arms around Oharloy and kissed him on tho spot. ' I have succeeded !' she exclaimed. ' Oh, Oharloy, I havo won tho victory I The general has rolontod. I have written to Cyril to como homo. All is forgotton and forgiven. Seo, here is tho letter !' ? . Sho dropped it into tho pdst-bag ; then flow back again upstairs, leaving Oharloy standing petrified. ' And thoy call women responsible beings 1' tho Etonian murmured, vaguely. ' Good gracious there's a victory to win — a viotory that has cost the oonquoross hor kingdom !' ' (To he continued.) 