FRENCH AND ENGLISH 6TYLES 'La Savate' has been triad and found wanting. The French method, as practically expounded by its ac knowledged : champion, was not uv it 'arcrainst British fists, British science, and British endurance. Such is the moral of the fight between Charles Charlemont and jerry Driscoll. A host of 'other considerations and questions arise out of the encounter ; but the main fact is that among the arts of self de fence La. Savate must henceforth defin ?itelytake a back : place. The kick /is no- good against pugilism. The French boxer may wear what boots he chooses, and clothe his feet in hobnails if he likes. Against an Englisher fighter of average ; science, of good stamina; and of some, practice in the. tactics required against the Savate, he stands not the ghost of a chance. The British instinct tliat brands the kick . as unsportsman like, and would hound out of the ring ; for ever and a. day any English boxer, supposingV there'- ever'- existed such -'an one, who dared to raise his foot against i his opponent, is proved not to be so ab sui dly Qui\otic a way of looking at \ things after all, and has been, on the contrary, demonstrated- here in Paris to be as wise and practical as it is gen erous. Charles Charlemont is beginning to find that victories (he was given the awaid on a foul committed by himself; such as his do not bring peace with honor. He seems to' 'have fancied that he would now be allowed to retire -n glory from the field of his sham success, arid rest upon his imitation lau rels. But he has just discovered that victory has its obligations as well as its rewards. Charlemont has been liter ally dumbfounded to receive a challenge from the American bo\er, Kid MacCoy, offering to fight him for 5000 dol. a-side and the best puise offered under articles similar to those signed by Driscoll. The American middle-weight champion heard that Charlemont, having beaten Driscoll, was proclaimed champion of Anglo-French boving, and telegraphed a challenge accordingly. Nothing, of course, could be more natural under the , circumstances, or more in accordance with the strictest sporting traditions. But the news fell like a thunderbolt up on the Frenchman. 'Fight Kid'Mac-v Coy ?'' he exclaimed ; 'not for worlds. I j have had' enough of fighting Driscoll,! I don't want to begin over again, and, i what is more, I will not.'1 Apparently,1 he fails to' understand what the word champion means. - He has tasted the effects of British boxing, and deaiics a | second experience. Jenv D unroll :i hi- | self is being again backed against his supposed victor by two Ameruan rcn tlemen for ^500 a side. Chail-mont i-Vmdeed, discovering that he won a vciy hollow victoiy. 