C?oIceFt iat Tnll, I oolO. A concert in aid of St. Stephen's Church of England was held at Talin rook on Friday evening last. The local committee had got together a capital programme in which a number of eey mour and Broadford performers took part. There was a large attendance of the public, and the result was highly satisfactory from all points of view, to eluding the financial one. Befolre singing the National Antlhent, DMr. Geo. Howe, hotn. sec. of St. ,tephen's Church, proposed a vote of thanks to all who had assisted in tnnk gf" sagfel·a .f8ulrly. indeb'ted t , those triulnds who had conei froms a dia. tasce to givo their valued cervices. The vote was carried with acclamation. Mr. R H1 Tomkins responded on behalf of the Ilroadford performers and Mr. Wheeler on behalf of the Setn tur contingent. Batht gentlemen said thtey had spent a very pleasant evening, ant they and their friends would be only too happy to come again to Tallaru?tk and give their services when required, The performers were afterwards ett r tained at supper by the cornmitt.e The Broadford party, under the capah'e pilotage of Mr. Hore, of lJlenaurnie, who handled the ,blbona like an artist, arrived home safely after an agreeable drive. 'I he programme was as follows : Overture, " Caprice I!ongroise," Miss Ethel Jones; quartette, Broadford Musical Society; song, "The Gift," Miss Sweet; song, " True to the Last," Mr. Tomkins; song, Miss Hlickey; comic song, "That's Where You Make the Mistake," Mr. Aitken; duet, " Larboard Watch," Messrs. Hore and Palmer; song. "At the Ferry," Mrs. Wilmot; song, " The Garonne," Mr. Wheeler; song, Mrs Fowler; comic song, "The (lops. zootic," Mr. Towl; song, " Apart.' Mr. T. Key; overture, Miss Nellie Seymour; qeaur. tette, Broadford Musical Society; song, "The Quaker," Mrs. Wilmot; song. " The Pardon Came too Late," Mr T. :ey'; song, "Let Me Like a Soldier Fall," Mr. Cope; song, " Daddy." Miss Sweet; duet, " What are the Wild Waves Saying," Mrs. Fowler and .ir. Tomkins;comic song," Pat Malone Forgot that He was Dead," lMr. Towl ;song, "Why Must We Say Goodbye," Mr. Wheeler; quartette, Broadford Music l So. ciety; comic song, " The Idler," Mr. Aitken; song, "The Mighty Deep," Mr. Palmer. IIow TO OTr FAr.-Buy your Meat at Clark's and he will give you piece of Fet with it. Mr. Knox. M.L.C., made quite a hit with his Town Hall smoke night. Armes o.uuo.t had a bigger meption tha any thing. The convival party was just in the frame of mind to muse over Lyster's time if old enough, and Armes revived it again, with " Let M.e like a Soldier Fall." One seemed to see the ghost of Fannie Simonsen or Lucy Escott rising besi le him-but stay, is Escott a ghost P Basso Barker was quite in tiptop, or rather low.down form, and evoked notes not only from his boets. but from the Pliocene rocs beneath the 'Town Hall. The fellow with a variety of instru. ments was capital, and the Irish candidate not bad. (iunn fired up :o perfection with his limelights.-PuneA. There were a large number from the Alexandra and Yea districts present. Afr. U. Meredith Hall, dentist, visits Broadford on Wednesday, 4th October (all day). Intending patients should note the date. Cr. Carver has been elected president of the Yea Shire. Rhesmatism Can be Cared. In 1888 amy wife went East and was attacked with rheumatism. She received no relief until she tried OChamberlain's Pain Balm. Since that time we have never been witheut it. W7 find it gives instant relief in cases of burns and scalds and is never failing for all rheumatic and neuralgio pains.--D. C. Basawr Santa Ynea, Cal. For sale by B. Dawbornt 