11» I THE STORYTELLER, j i SALLY'S WIDOWER. By MARION MILLER. Old Samuel Hodson was about to marry again, after being a widower for ten years. The news galvanised Narrawanna into life. Samuel had been'the most devoted of husbands, and time bad not lessened his grief. Every day he went up to the cemetery with flowers for her grave. His garden was the pride of the town. Through all seasons the flowers bloomed. Over the mantelpiece in tbe old-fashioned but comfortable parlour was an enlarged photograph of his Martha's tombstone. Her bedroom had been left exactly as she used to arrange it; her dresses still hung in the wardrobe; every article of jewellery she had owned reposed in the cabinet be had given h^r when they married. For ten years Samuel bad "batched for himself," visiting only old cronies who could talk of the past. He had so long shunned the society of women that when Sally Vorne, the new blacksmith's daugh ter, had first "passed tbe time of day" to him over the fence tbe only response she got was a grunt. Sally retaliated by crack ing jokes at his expense whenever she saw he was within hearing. Every word spoken on Vorne's back verandah could be heard in bis garden, /and, as Samuel spent most of his time there, very little that was said escaped him. Talking, laughing, singing, "tbe woman's voice buzzed about bis ears all day worse nor. a swarm of bees!" he had complained to his friends. Now the news was abroad that Samuel was going to marry Sally. Sally made no secret of the fact. She took everything said by her surprised neighbours in good part, and set to work to get her trousseau ready. On Sunday morningB she walked to church with Samuel; in the afternoons die accompanied him in the stroll round tbe township in as matter-of-fact a style ae if they bad been married for years. It was some consolation to disapproving gossipers that Samuel, with his halting gait and bent shoulders, always looked uncomfortable and out of plats beside her lithe figure. Sally was handsome, and knew it. It was not from lack of lovers that<che had accepted Samuel. Tbe young signalman at the railway station bad long laid siege to her heart, and the constable across the road bad often forsaken his proper "beat" for a smile and a nod from Sally. Why she bad taken up with a "old enough to be her father" was a distracting ques tion. 1 Now she passed the signal-box with never an upward glance {ran her saucy dark eves. For once the dis covered that for him at least the line was not clear." She would not^give him the satisfaction of meeting bis reproachful gaze. In vain he asked himself had . she forgotten the night of the quadrille assem bly, when at her own gate be had snatched a kiss from what not unwilling lips? She bad flown away. it was true, like a frightened bird, butfche impression had been strong upon him that she waa not ill-pleased. Jack Nonis bad made love fast and furiously to Sally, asked her twice to marry him, and, when she refused with jesting words, had threatened to blow nis brains out and hen. too, at all of which she laughed, telling him his snub nose was never meant for trag-gedy." She now took peculiar delight, tho roughly feminine, in parading past the police station, leaning affectionately on Samuel's arm. She always felt "tired" just as she neared tbe sign of V.R. She knew that the discarded lover, watching them from his office window. waa invoking the powers of darknes& . and wishing for the pleasure of handcuffing them bow. Samuel never troubled himself about Sallys past love affairs. He was lost in admiration at her brightness.- her clever ness, her tidy ways, her cooking powers. Sally did not find him exacting. ,Jo humbly pleased with e she showed. He showi in a 6ort of « money, if he had not particularly anxious bought for her sboul< "The house- is .$©&, Samuel/* she hadttdd. get new furniture for me not going to have "* 1 marks about these Those flowers, nndlbat wax gJpbe .C road. Mt the%wh«# leave them in fchfe toom to foa^av&r; new man oryouinno she triBied him JUgbj&r; # cheek. lie was small attention ireaeBte on her 1* He had Be seemed J he fjodate. o«d for me, ^ou.jnust \- I'm .,j)ut ( of the * but don t _ it keep up Fil wake a iwmelt"and wrinkled "],) sir]. Isn't if lovely? By the tfftie it's in j hloom «??.''» we;]1 , J other yitli our husbands! Don t it «6em .siid Sally, "eo you're going to'be married loo? That's news. IVbo'a ml nckv mnn? Bob May? . rj "jjob JM.-iv! lou know well he hasn't an 3 ove for anv other girl in tbedistrict but ,P]f! Hel ween ourselves, Sally, I think" l-ou've treated him badly. But, there, you; ieedn't look m mad/" . " J "Do von mean to tell me, AnneLoVett,j that you flren't going to marry BobMayi after "11 '',c ' i Sally paused, her face white now. ...After oil (lie what? Bob Mayneverj bad two words to say to me since thfi hospital b;i] I-before you Weree%agedto Samuel, yon know-and then he Bpent all the cveiiin' tryiii' liis best to get me to jnake up thn till' I had with hia mate/ Toti Griffin, Me sat out near' all the dances,' cooms Tow 11/1 d told him about oilr au&irel;' lie *«« -"'"SSfc] Fed He n't | let kc it me hay in' rnmiped to lend a hand to; J-ght.' lie's a real good sort^ i"wasn't goiii' to make so little LVn et Ton. Griffin know KW ha»ds trembled «fl flhe put the & on to make "a cup <of tw/'-iior tffe fS be vent jo imif bt. I'asn _ _ * jKkcit up"but Bob ma^g^tTO&Oift; Jetevju' to write-an' Tom's wmin'home r°und t^ne«PSn0?i^r finirer with a dreamy smile. Herimndjhad SS to her Tom. so she did jttjaotog liow S Sed'> ^u"F'io°k_ th^ had come lerHCoh^enl. von notes pretty often, ..&ny; _-ny Mis* An'nc! Mrs. Burns told me her little Jimmy .wns alwa>'6 running down to ''said'An'nc scornfully. "fie onlv sent down Tom's letters to himself, iTwin' how placl I'd be to see them. It S, Tom's letters that drew the heart out "<?' me_'join none the wiser Id ever Bet "veson them, an' talkin' so hopeless like.,' 'gaily silently put scones, cream, &c;,, on ^"You are a fine one, Sally Yorne! I thought you'd be the first to-Wish-me 1US-Vlh '- arm? were round her neck by this. Her ki« wa* hcart.v though her lips were cold and the words she whispered in Anne's ear brought blushes of pride and pleasure to tiie girl's face. Next dav Bob May s heart throbbed v.-ith fin-prise and joy. Sally, on her way hack from the grocer's, had actually looked un ai the window of the signal- box, smiled, and howvd. He returned to his "points" with a lighter heart than he had had for That evening Samuel saw a ghost. He raiut into Yorne's about 9 o'clock, pale, and shivering, as with cold, though it was E warm evening. t "What is the matter, Samuel?" cried Sally in alarm. . He walked to the mantelpiece, and leaned against it; then, without meeting her eyes, he answered slowly \--I'm not sci youug as I used to be, my girl, and I saw something in the garden j that gave me a bit of a turn-though I don't relieve in spirits, and I know the wind plays us queer tricks at times." "What did you think you saw, Samuel?" Bally said, kiiidiy, laying her hand on his ann. He turned a little away from her. "Martha." he answered, almost in audihly, and somewhat shamefacedly* '"What! out there in your own jsirden?" Sally Paid, tremblingly, fear seixingher that his mind was becoming unhinged. "Yes-walking down between the flower beds at the side. It was a woman right enough, dressed in white." Suspicion shot through Sally's practical mind. She thought of Bob May, and her heart hardened against him. She pushed Samuel gently into his arm-chair. "Look me straight in the face, Sam Hod ton. 1 declare I'm ashamed of you. Some silly boy's trick to unsettle you uke this. I wouldn't have believed it. I'll make you some hot supper at once; that'll drive ghosts out of your head. An* you BO well up m Scripture, too! Yu'd better not tell father, 1 hear him coming now, or he'd never let you hear the-end of it. He'd laugh loud enough to bring the house down." Sally lay awake a long time that night. Mien morn came she had decided on uer course of action. She would marry Samuel Hodsoii ;f all the young men of Narra wacna were to scare him into fits with ghost scares every night. She was a fool w think ol Bob !NIay. Hi? was no better San.i Jvst- She'd let him know what she thought of him! Late in the day she had occasion to send a neighbour b child on an errand. On hi* sLr'!!' jUi" ,!lie manner of children, he "ayed and talked. . \ ou don't know what I seed last night!" to Mid, nodding at Sally. . JT' «t) 1 ^°nnv?" Better nor 'that! Isee<l-I we*,!' inc I!hh 'iruek " ^i^er now, andelatch'] % 'olf ofj'er gown-"a ghoitl" ^'toXtS, * %SS!* to de°iilJhniauel1vyiboy' y,ou nearly scared me me TI,' UP bits of glass for Where JTJi* ttuOfEMW ghostal j rp "'d you think you saw Jif" - tionTliU'S.1118 thmnb.'^ liriitin'3?! gcVtia' Urood for it" so wll i* ,Wjcl£ ***' me had forgot out^w|»a»^&tber;,fe ** hnMvai ,of .ightnin'l ^ «o « Moore's fence in our Ko,.i-1 T, aure ^npugh, St itWticj «n our back-lane aa qulCR ^jW. the side street. g| but it didn't go far. Xt |^^ all of sudden, an* pu over itself. 1 waa » against Dick, but he BMP# police station, an' went^T; uackjgate, without opftnin. "Ou!" said SaUy, looking into vacancy, ©h* great p.atiefaetion IrOI^M then she told TottOj ®l; Jna,. and think no «40t# bad boys saw ghoefcal -j.f "So it wasn't Bobj* the boy had sone> VI nobody but that iool *pave plaved such a stable, tool I'll boots' before the w She did, with a v« The wedding day < ?w»dered round to ... «»g with a present barely gave ner time hand before he w*fe treating call of "Sir. Presenta were at;" ?te bad been Une into her room, alia fingers that tremb M some value; " W£* aer race BO -pale -tfcat he asked tier with concern if^anylfching hadhappened. "Oh, nor' she answered. "Can't one lay- at times .lor sheer happiness? Am I not going to be married in a fortnight tooneofthebeet and rieheHtmen in the town? What more could any girl TWntt" "Before your mother married me, "Sally, my girl,"-eaid the blacksmith, giving a glance at thopicture on the wall, "I'll take my oath she never gave herself a swollen nose and a pair of eyeB like two burnt holes in a blanket to snow how happy she "wael Lookhere, Bally, you're all I got. If you fed like drawing back from old cam, just tell me> and Fll settle it all up for you without you having to say a word. You can't deceive your oldfather, my girl!" Ally's'eyes filled with-tears. "It is all right/idaddyl" she said, putting her arm round his neck. "There is no man in the distract I respect more than Samuel; I amfiuite satisfied." It wastouchingto see the devotion now of Sally to old mm. She never answered him sharply ftow,iiever ordered him about,, nor bantered him as had been her custom. Thifl/instead'of giving Samuel pleasure, seemed to* trouble him. Though he sought her company more than ever, and every day added something to the furniture of the house to give her pleasure, he seemed restless and ill at ease; often started when the girl spoke to him, and would sit twirling his thumbs without speaking a word. The wedding was to take place on Mon day. On the preceding Thursday Samuel's manner was so abstracted, he seemed so dull-and heavy, that Sally could not but notice it. There was some weight upon him. After long silence that Bad been awkward for both he arose to go. Sally followed him out into the passage as usual. He bade her the customary fare well, but bis lips were cold, his bands were shaking. Great pity for him filled her heart. She laid her hand on his arm. "Is there anything wrong, Samuel?" His face "worked aB he looked at the soft, bright eyes-soft with a tenderness, he had never seen there before-but he never Bpoke. "Won't you tell me, Sam? Perhaps I could help you, dear?" He caught her hands in a grip that made her wince. - "Sally, Sally! God knows I meant well by you, but/'-he turned from her with a hoarse sob-"I can't forget the old 'un!" In the silence that followed Sally whis pered inaudibly, "Thank God!" 