ANOTHER WODONGA POST OFFICE ENQUIRY. The departmental enquiry into the conduct of Mr C. O'Connor, the post. master at Wodonga, in connection with certain annoyances to which his brother Government officer and neighbor (Mr C. T. Keam, head teacher of the Wodonga State School), has been subjected for many months-at the hands, it is alleged, of members of Mr O'Connor's household was held on Friday last. The investiga tion, which was conducted at the post office by Mr J. Betheras, an inspector, was exhaustive. More than a dozen wit nesses were examined, and the inquiry lasted over nine hours. The procedure on this occasion dillffered somewhat from that which has usually been adopted at previous enquiries against the postmaster in question. In the past the accused and his accusers have heard the whole of the evidence taken at the enquiry. On Friday, however, the witnesses were examined by Mr Betheras in the absence of both the accused or the person who formulated the charges; but this method was departed from whilst Senior-constable Arthur and Mounted-oonstable O'Neill tendered their statements, for the simple reason ,that both the officer in charge and his subur dinate- declined to say a word unless Mr OConnor and Mr Keam were present. The evidence of the police was In regard to certain sounds that had been heard on the roof of the teacher's residence on certain evenings whilst the premises were being watched. The police could not positively swear that the missiles had been thrown from the post-office quarters, but they strongly suspected that the fusilades came from that direction, because, al though the guardians of the peace, who were secluded at the time, waited for over an hour, no footsteps could be heard leaving the neighborhood. In respect to the dividing fence which had been broken, the senuor-constable expressed the opinion that the battering had been done from the post-office side. The elements of tragedy and comedy were represented. Tile former consisted of the killing of a chicken be. longing to the postmaster by the teacher's mastiff, the chicken being returned by the teacher over the fence. Some days later the chicken, consigned from Tallangatta Railway Station to the teacher, arrived in a neatly-arranged parcel, "securely packed, and free from observatlon." On another occasion " a ghost walked " in the most approved Hamlet fashion, save that the spectre, covered with a white sheet, applied the garden hose rather vigorously from the post-office quarters on to the teacher as the latter happened to be in his yard at night. , The laundress at the teacher's place testified to the clods which had been thrown over her from the post-office side on one or two occasions. Two witnesses stated that they had.seen Mr and Mrs O'Connor in the post-office yard whilst 'the clods 'of earth were being thrown over the dividing fence. Insulting references to the teacher, both verbal and In writing, were also forth. coming. The document shown was said to be in the handwriting of the post. master's domestic servant, concerning whose conduct Mr Keam had previously addressed a complaint to Mr O'Connor. Subsequently the servant was fined in the police court for throwing clods' of earth into -the teacher's yard, and she still remained in the postmaster's service. The members of the postal and telegraph staff at Wodonga were called bn behalf of Mr O'Ounnor.: Their evidence was generally to, exculpate the postmaster from any connection with the unneigh borly- conduct attributed to him. The operator (Mr Alexander) went so far as to say that, whilst he lhad listened to tin band performances-by the postmaster's children,- hoe had never heard any noises, on the teacher's roof. So far as the witnesses knew, Mr O'Connor had never enceuraged his children, his ser vant, or any member of his staff to annoy Mr -Keam. , Mr O'Connor protested his complete ignorance of the entire disagree. ment. Whatever might have been done by any member of lhis household. He declared that he had been no party to any misconduct. In fact, when his attention was drawn to the matter by Mr Keam, he had tried to put a stop to the trouble. That he might have failed was not his fault. He contended .that Mr Kenm's troubles had. been much exag gerated. The inspector returned to Mel- bourne- ol - Saturday morning. • Mr Betheras will submit the evidence to the Postmaster General, whose decision 'will be given in due course. - 