A GHOSTLY APPEAR ANCE AT AUBURN. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGB BOURIHOOD. Tho' some sceptics an deny belief in visitants fronm anothsr sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief di, s hard. Miss'. Mernier, of "Lamington," Victoria-roaid, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once seen something resembling a ghost-when, for instance she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was sbet, by many months' illness. She says: "Icommenced, some two years ago, to feel very 11 after retnrning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experi enced a continued languid feeling that made ue most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to f1.-l auta' r-'ias in my shoulders a.d ... .:o.it I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr Marner, but without effect; then I consulted well known Collins Street practioner. He said my daughter was euffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking' worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." "This time-last year." said MAiss Alice, " I weighed 7st. l8bs., now I am 9st. 71bs." " A great improvement; your treat ment must have been beneficial 7" '"No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Fills, at MrPleasance's, Ch pel Street, Praban; they did me so much good that I con tinued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would recommend them?" "Yes; and that strongly, to .," sait. Mr Miarner, "bad I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years bef re, it would have saved. me a hunded pounds." There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady did. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will cure anmmia, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofula, consumption, chronic erysipelas, de bility, indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and chest and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paralysis. locomotor ataxia, neuralgia, St. Vitus d-nce, and nervous headache, and all nervous disoriers. They are sold by clhemists and store.eepers, and by the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, c/o. Rnocke, Tompsitt & Cc., Flinder-sereet, Melbourne, at 2s Od . box, or s x for fifteen anti tlhreepence; but are genuine only with the full name (seven words), Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box. Thousands have testified tto their curative powers. 