? OUR MELBOURNE LET rBR. . The Mb,Ut«t,OD of phot* M - f e J * ' of forimr timi* UuH.rarei pip'Tfl' does Dot always hare the iesireri effect, as witnsds the Leader »ni Australasian this week. In the former there is a representation of the lunchcon of the military commandants of the various colonies Parliament House, in wbioh Mr Gillie® »nd Mr Beet, Ms. L. A., are "wonderfully »nd fearfully" pourtrayed; and in the lastnamed journal there is a flashlight reproduction of the Victorian Railways dinner at the Masonic Hall last Saturday night. In it such distinguished personages as the Governor, Premier and Attorney-General hare ••come out" little belter than «caricatuics, and the last*named gentleman, inBtcad of resembling one of the people of Israel, ap pears like a direct descendant of Ham, who, we are told, was the progenitor of the gieat mpcei family. Tbe windows of the different news-agents in M«-l ' urn© this week are enlivened by a group of portraits of some of the subutbun mayors issued by one of the weekly papcts. Their worships me all attired in the ortlio dox mayoral robes—though as a matter of fact two of the councils represented—Noith Melbourne and Fleming ton—do not possess such garpentt, so their mayors must have been photographed in "borrowed plumes.*' The general cast of countenance depicted in these photos., while not cf the "Chamber of Horrors" type, is certainly not of the Bigin> botba.Ti or Mooi'house aspect, and tbe prevailing feature in most faces is that smirk of snug satisfaction which indicates tbe ia- ' ward feeliogs of *<nen—uot too brainy—• clotbud with a little brief authority. Do you ever see that literary dry hash, Irish stew sort of production called the "Review of Reviews." It is run by Mr Stead and the Rev. Mr Fitcbett, writer on warlike subjects, Methodist minister, " boss'-' of ladies'college, &c.;, and the combination is a suitable one. Stead is a faddist of (lie society purity order, and resembles the man who pulled dowa tbe blind and shut out the sun's declining rays because he thought one of tbe evening clouds was aspumiog the contour of a nude feumlc. Fitohett, while he asks for his daily bread from on High io the most orthodox fashion, enters the field against under-paid and not too over-employed journalists, and thus shows hia Christian charity. The "Review of Rsviewe, 5 ' as the production of this precious pair, is well worthy of its sponsors. It is astonishing how bard superstition dies in spite of allour vaunted education and civilisation. Just previous to the first, shots being exchanged between Amerioa' aod Spain last year, a crack-brained Spanish ecclesiastic said to the soldieis of that country that Ihey would be iuvulnerable to the Yankee bullets, and now we have billy old Oom Paul declaring that as tbe Lord is the arbiter of Iboquairel between Eugland and the above-named individual be will render the British bullets harmless. Another Dutch gentlemun rejoicing in the name of Schalk Burger, has also predicted that *' tbe Britishers would fall before the Boers as the WHIIS of Jericho fell befoie the trumpets and shouts of the Israelites under Joshua."; And yet we talk glibly about the superstitions of the Middle Ages aud laugh at cur forefathers' theotiea about ghosts and witches —when tbe most arrant nonsense concei n- iog the supernatural is talked by educated men in representative prominent positious at the present day. The Argus has certaiuly take a tbe wind out of tbe Age : * sails by seodiog Donald M 4 Donald to the Cape us war correspondent. Iam sure the good wishes of the pressmea of tbe colony and all who know him go with Mac. The trait in bis charactcr moat to be admired is the utter absence of anything like "side." At a meeting, or other places where reporters congiegate, "Observei" is always ready to help a new hand or a brother scribe arriving late. Some of the permanent staff of * the Argus aud Age, I am sorry to say, assume a very lofty and patronisiog air towards other pressmen. It was far otherwise with Donald, therefore we all wish bim a safe returu. Chiefly through the weakness of some cf tbe Melbourne aod suburban honorary magistracy the " push" nuisance in this city is increasing rather than abatiog. The stage has now been reached that a witness in tbe Court of General Sessions confessed that he was frightened to give evidence for the Crown in an assault and robbery case, and the judge has thought fit to ward t he jury against being bullied ioto a favorable verdict to tte accused by the push." Hia Honor in doing so said that " it seemed almost incredible in a city like Melbourne that it should be necessary," and it does indeed aeem 41 incredible." But no. On second thoughts it will make itself manifest to every mind that this lawlessness is simply the outcome of years of leuieocy to the criminal classes. When convicts' complaints about cooking are solemnly aired in Parliament, and when reputable people petition the Executive Council to reduce just sentences on young ruffians who half kill coustables and commit perjury, it shows that a uambypimby feeling is cuteriained towurds the rntfians of society which must of neceessity nerve their arms. It is almost, as much tiouble to get a murderer "swuug off' in Victoria nowadays as it is to get iuto a Government billet, what with crinflnologically "crank" solicitors and lschrymoss gaol chaplains. It is to be hoped when tte Government appoint new police magistrates they will be men of the Captaiu Sturt aud " Bendigo Mac" stamp. These old gold field stipendiaries would have made short work of any "push," while some of our present day Dogberry's are deliberating how long they should give them time to pay the pallry fine inflicted. It seems that Parliament may at no distant date*be asked to check the circulation of tbe Deadwood Dick and Prank Readc style of literature in our midst These pub- Iications awake aspirations of the piratical and bandit order iu the hreast of the small boy, and he w»udeis about, at uight " dossing" in cheap lodgings or under the lee of a fence or hay Tick. These juvenile ideas when I was a youngster were sufficiently indulged in by a camp in the garden or a voyage on a raft across n two foct deep dam, but the child of t he present is more up-todate. If the sensational novels are banished from the booksellers' shelves I certainly think a certain illustrated paper might be aWo ostracised. It contains illustrations of stage females—usually ugly as regards their features—in a state of costume that directs the mind to what tbe picture barely conceals from Lhe eye. Of course men of the ' world can look on such exhibitions with stcical calmness, but their influence on the adolescent Australian in a climate such bis, with his far too liberal mest diet, simply an accursed one, and then these salacious sketches do more harm to the juvsuile mind and morale thnn thousands of works anent the adventures of " Blood. Stained "Bill," or " The Mysteries of the Black Scboouer." The Premier gave notice on Thursday last that he would submit a uolice of motion next Tuesday with regard to the despatch of a Victorian contingent to the Transvaal In favor of same. The motion will doubt A d M c o h t i t t less be carried, but I fear some opposition is likely to be raised by tbe Labor members Tbeae gentlemen are ceitainly not like the servant girls in Hyde Paik, who "dote on the milingtary," and seem to have the same antipathy for a redcoat as the proverbial bull. The Boilers' Iusprction Bill took up some of the time of the House on Thursday evening, and the Chief Secretary submitted a new clause authorising the Governor-in- Council l«o make regulations laying down the qualifications of pereoos to be appointed inspectors. This caused some discussion, and Mr J. A. Tucker said boiler-makers should be appointed inspectors, while MrSaogster thought engineers would do better. Parliament this week has on the whole been a aeries of platitudes and languid dis cussion, and at times the impression is con veyed to one that lion, members must hav . tackled the work of the sessiou from its it oeption with that tired feeling. -Men's habile sometimes matte them almost as objectionable as their vices—'indeed the Aftfotltest amongst us would probably rathei dine with an irreolaimable Don Giovanni, whose table manners were ineproachable, thsu with good old Hodge, who "goes or Sunday to the church aud sits among his boys," and who would as soon think of '" coretiog his neighbor's wife" as he would cutting his oeighbot's throat, but who nevertheless takes his soup after the manuer of ooe of his swine sucking up sour milk or potato peelings. I do not wonder women often shudderatthe mannerisms of thelords of creation, when they are at times enough to cause one of their own sex to squirm. Take the man who asks you to hare a drink, and while you are tulkiug to him chaws oheese aod bread betweon the sips from his glais and allows you to see the process of mastication going on in' his mouth, while i bis tongue rolls aboatafa the "silver lully pM'* io the CeuUnpUl EshibiUon. Or d the,, j8 the fiend who also 89k« you i0 «irri j g**," and « you .re driokiojjab, you in thereat to rfr,w attention bo the yarn he i« | A itliing yoa. Bat let ns get. outside the t public house or the good p™ pie of Ararat b willhave a bad opinion of me. There is who aa he walks along the fltieet with you... a ke® you atop K „,W7 every w 20 Jut yards while he tells you something, and there « the individual who, wfaen he is trying to impress something on your mind, grasps your arm and bangs you against a fence— and there are maoy other oddities which are veritable nuisances aud whioh are the " pin pricits" of daily social aod business lite, 