$hc ||it tie J|arpH OB, How Bath Woa Her Heritage. BY Una. G. SHBIDON, iathorena of 44 The Mining Heir of Oftlluoby," "The Masked Bridal," Bio. OBAPTER XXV. OOKYROKTED BY A GHOST OF THE FAST. "They spake not a word : Bat like dumb statues, or breathing stones. Stared on each other, and looked deadly rale/' That same evening, after tho exciting interview betweeu Mrs Anthony Fiyrap- ton and Rath, a box, addressed to 44 Miss Qopo Plympton," arrived by express at tbe c»sy home of that young lady. Ruth's face glowed with pleasuje, and a bright blush mounted 10 her brow as she instantly recognised the handwriting on the wrapper She knew also pretty well what she would find oh opening the box, for, at every Christmas and birthday, since their retard from Earope, Basil Meredith had sent a lovely floral offeriug to her little one, with some dainty surprise for herself enclosed with it. 44 Darling 1" the fond mother ex claimed, in a tone of self-reproach, as she clasped the child close in her arms, 44 1 have not once thought of this beiug yonr birthday. Bow could 1 have forgotten it 1 —-and oh 1" with a thrill of horror in her mice. 44 what if those horses had trampled out your little life this morning 1 How wretched, how desolate I should h&re; beeu at this hour ! But we will not think 0f it—let us see what our good friend has sent us from New York." Placing Hope on a chair beside her, she out the twine that bound the mysterious package, removed the wrappings, lifted the cover, when, lo 1 a beautiful basket of lilies of tbe valley, almost the counter part Df the one he had sent her in Paris, greeted her eyes, ' Bow lovely 1" Ruth murmured, with smiling, but tremulous, lips ; 41 how kind, how thoughtful of him !" But her words were followed by a re gretful sigh, while a wistful expression abone in her large blue eyes. She longed, more than she dared coufess, eren to her self, for her friend, and she bad not seen bim once since she bade him good-bye on the steamer, nearly two years previous. She had hoard from him occasionally, and hie letters were always cheerful and chatty, while, of late, he had two or three times runted that he hoped, ere long, to have the pleasure of seeing her. She lifted tLe basket of lilies, and set it upon the table, their delicious fragrance filling the rootn, wh'lo little Hope clapped her bands gleefully and cried : 44 Mine, mamma, mine 1" Underneath there waeanoiher box, and this was found to contain a marvellous little doll, with 44 truly hair," jointed arms and legs, and 44 real eyes" that would 4 go to sleep and wake op 1" Theu came a lovely picture, in water colors, representing a scene in Central Park, which <tath had been enthusiastic over the day when she and Basil Mere dith had driven together there the last .iwe she had seen hira. She was deeply touched by this remem brance of her, aud sat regarding it iu a delicious reverie, until Hope, becoming impatient at her long silence, pleaded to 44 get down," that she might "give dolly a ride in a carriage " ftjiie lifted her to the flour, then stooped i" ga:lier up the various papers thai had been used to protect her pic ture. One of these was tho New York Sttn, and while she was folding it m au orderly manner, her flanc was attracted by the following head lines : A Perplexing Mystery— An Immense English ortcne Likbly to Lapse TO THE CkoWN FOR WaKT of an HEIR, Then there followed an account ox- plaining that aliased and wealth baronet Sir Ne;l Roth wick, had recently died, leaving no heir. He had long been an iuvalid, and had lived ahmu, save for his servants and attendants, iu his great castle iu Derbyshire. It was reported that some thirty years »go, his only daughter ana child had eloped with a foreigoer, where upon Sir Neil had discarded her, and had beard nothing from her since. Having left no will disposing of his estate, there was no one who appeared to claim the magnificent estate, although the baronet's solicitors, Temple aud Hender son, of London, had advertised exten sively for the nearest nf kin. Uuth was deeply interested, and not a little excited, as she read this account. 44 Sir Neil Roth wick must have been tbe" son of my great-grandfather, Sir Amos Rothwick," she murmured, thoughtfully, a bright spot of scarlet burning upon each cheek. 41 How strauge that he shoald have no heir 1 How 1 wish that I might have even but a small share of that great wealth to smooth my future and enable me to give Hope tbe best of advantages. Oh, dear ! it is a strange world — it does not seem rignt for the whole of that fortune to go to tbe Crown when there is Rothwick blood in my veins.' Then the told herself that ehe was foolish to become so excitod over what she could not control, either one way or tho other ; and so, resolutely laying the paper aside, she gave Hope her supper, and then pat her to bed. iiterward, she, with tbe help of her maid, hang her picture, aud this, as it necessitated the moving of others in order to give it a place of honor, occupied her for seme time, and it waa eight o'clock before she was ready to sit down for the evening. The moment her mind was at liberty she found herself thinking over again the account she had read In the oun, amu sue became very nervous and restless, a keen sense of disappointment and dissatisfac tion depressing her, even though she told herself Chat she was very foolish to be so disturbed. She found the paper, and carefully re read the article. Then she went to a trunk that stood in her chamber, brought forth the Rothwick relics in her possession, together with the book containing th6 account of her mother's connection with the family, and perused again the history of her grandfather's birth and relation ship to 6ir Amos Rothwick, whom she believed to have also been the father of the late 6ir Neil Rothwick. 44 My grandfather, Robert Allenwood, and Sir Neil were roally half -brothers," be mused, after completing the story : ' not leiialtv so, of course, but somehow, 1 feel sure that Sir Amos meant to make some provision for the poor girl whom he had wronged, or be never would have sent her this key." She t «ok imp, Mid examined it as she spoke 44 Oh, if you could only sneak, and reveal tbe secret you hold Y she ex claimed, in a wistful tone. 44 Apparently, 1 you are but a worthless bit of iron, and' vet you msy be the key to untold treasure What oould have beoome of that letter I fUi i it is all snoh a perplexing mysteiy»J2 4,<A Rothwick never forgives an injury until it is avenged,1 " ehe repeated, aa she recalled the legend of the Rothwick coat- of-arms, while she studied the rudely- carved thistle above two olive leaves. 14 I wonder if the discovery of the secret to which this Is the key woold. In any degree, avenge the wrong that Sir Amos Rothwick did my grandmother? What strange sentiments those old Bnglieh de vices embodied 1 Even if there is a trace of the Rothwick blood in my veins, 1, do not believe 1 inherit a desire for revenge ; for instance, I do not believe that 1 would ever lift my hand against Inez Gordon in retaliation for the wrongs she has done me. Revenge is a degrading paaaion, and often recoils upon itaelf ; aud, somehow, 1 feel that ?nez Gordon may yet find it eo %o her sorrow. 44 Ah I i am afraid I am growing mor bid over this mystery and my wrongs," she interposed, giving herself a little shake, 44 1 will put these tantalising relics away, and think no more abont them." Acting at once upon this resolution, she returned them to her trunk, together with the paper containing an account of the search for a Rothwick heir, and then, after taking one more fond, farewell look at her picture, retired to rest, » » A week subseqaeot to the above inci dents, Mrs Anthony Plympton, with her son and heir, her French maid and nurse, her horses, carriages, coachman and foot man, made her appearance in Saratoga, and with a great deal of stylo aud flourish of trumpets, took possession of a fine suite of - rooms at the Grand Union Hotel. Of coarse, as she was still in the first year of her widowhood, she did not at tempt to mingle much in the gay society of th6 house ; she was discreetly respect ful to the memory of the late Anthony Plympton, over whose broad aorea and full coffers Bhe was so fortunate as to j preside. She attended no balls or fetes ; ehe joined do pleasure parties abroad, neither did ehe attend the races ; nevertheless, she managed lo arouse no small amount of interest and curiosity among the gay dwellers in fashionable Saratoga. Whenever she went out, ehe was in variably attired in deepest mourning, but every garment waa of the richest mate rial, and faultless fit and workmanship. At the hotel her costamcs were chiefly white, without ribbon or ornament of any kind, bnt so rich and stylish and so fas cinatingly becoming to her brilliant com plexion that she was the envy of half the women there. Master Anthony, on the contrary, was a most convenient appendage, and npon him she lavished evidences of her woalth to her heart's content. He made a conspicuous figure, as, attired in the dajmiiwt and costliest of everything suitable for a child of his age, hb was wheeled about in his elegant car riage by his attentive nurse, and some times also accompauied by raadarae's smart French maid. Besides thiB, there were no finer horses or vehicles, no more costly harness or trappings to be Been upon the fashionable drives about ibe city. She bad flourished thus at the Springs for about three weeks, when, one morn ing, aa she was returning from her habitual drive, her attention was at tracted by a gentleman, mounted on a fine black horse, who was jost riding out of the city. | He was a striking-looking man, some- . what stout of figure, with a clear, olive skin, intensely black eyes and hair, and : were a moustache of the same hue. . As they pissed each other, simply ex- j changing a casual glance, the gentleman ' gave a violeut start, then turned to look . back, a curious gleam in his coal black | eyes, a frown of perplexity contracting his 1 brow. i 14 Quit'ti saht' 7 -who knows 7" he mut- j tared, revealiug two rows of very white, ' even teeth as his lips curled In a slngalar S smile. \ Turning his horse directly About, he followed Mrs Anthony Plympton's ele- j gaol turn-out, at a'diacreet distance, back to the city, utitii he eaw it stop, and the „ attractive widow alight before the Grand Union, whereupon he wheeled aboutagain j aud rode rapidly away. j That same evening the brilliant Mrs Plympton, attired in one of her most be coming costumes, was seated upon the verandah of the hotel, conversing with a knot of gentlemen, who had gathered about— it was noticeable that ladies sel- dom sought her society — when two othera were seen approaching. 44 Ah, Mrs Plympton,1' the former j gentleman smilingly remarked, as he | paused before her ; 41 yon are holding j high cou.-t as oaual. Allow me to present I auoiher aspiring knight. Mrs Plympton j — Seoor Castillo." i What was it that, at the soood of that name, made Inez Plympton catch her breath n suddenly aud clench one white, ! slender hand until tbe nails almost cot j her palm 7 i What made her face lose all its bril j li&nb; coloring, and a cold shiver, like a i slimy reptile, go creeping down her back ? j Had she heard the name aright — Senor j Castillo 7 I 44 Ah, yos ; she knew who the man was, i even as she glanced into his eyes, and saw : there the mocking gleam which told her I that he had needed no introduction to her in order to assore himself of her identity. I Bat the proud woman of the world was j barely an instant recovering herself, and, j with a graceful bow, a brllliaot smile pro- j f easing that she was 44 delighted to meet, Senor Castillo." I With infinite tact she entertained her i half-dozen admirers, never allowing the ; conversation to flag for one moment. She had no desire to be left alone with the Spaniard, for she instinctively realised that he had sought her with a nnrnose : the honed to keep her admirers about her until she should become wor ried, and .pass on. . But she was destined to be foiled iu this purpose, however for it was evident - that the senor had no intention of de serting the field. He appeared to be highly entertained by tne charming widow, while he also proved himself to be especially bright and witty at repartee ; and for half an boor the little coterie appeared to enjoy the brilliant fencing to the utmost. Finally the band struck up a spirited maroh, when Senor Castillo abruptly stepped forward and requested the plea sure of joining the promenade with Mrs Plympton. She hesitated an instant, then, with a resolute gleam in her dark eyes, laid her hand upon his arm, and, bowing a smiling adieu to the devotees she was deserting, moved slowly down the verandah with the man. CHAPTER XXVL A EOHAKOB XKTS&BST8; SABATOdA's FASHIONABLE SOCIETY. " I find toy zenith doth depend npon A most auspicious star, whose influence If now 1 ioourt not, but omit, my fortunes Will eker after droop." 44 1 flatter myself, Mrn Plympton, that "this meeting : is a happy coincidence, $eaor Castillo hiandly observed, as he lea his oompanionAway from thenrowd. «<f|Bcel"Jshe2wpeated,Jn a tone of eurprise, aud arohiug her beauti ful brows inquiringly. 44 Yes, senora, for your face is almost the counterpart of one that was once very dear to me," he responded, with ah Im pressive sigh and an air of assumed melancholy. 44 Ah, indeed!" Inez returned, an un mistakable sneer curling the corners of her cruel month. 41 Yes, sonora— a face that I once thought the most beautiful one in the world. 14 Senor Castillo 1b pleased to be com plimentary," was the brief and slightly sarcastic reply. 4iPardou j not at all ; it is no flattery to tell the senoia that she is beautiful," the man afiably rejoined ; and if I mis take not " — with a qulok, keen glance in to her face — 44 there is Spanish blood In her veins as well as in mine." 41 Yes I" she indifferently observed, as if to say, 44 do you think so 7 1 44 And one 1b naturally drawn toward one's own countrywoman." 44 That is generally conceded to be true, I believe. Ia it long since you were in Spain, Senor Castillo ?" qnestionod Inez, thinking it about time to change the tenor of the conversation. 41 Ah, many years, senora," he returned, with & deep sigh ; 44 but always my heart ban longed for sunny Spain— for dear old Madrid and the scenes of my childhood." 44 Madrid 1" repeated Inez, musiugly, aud with a slight tremor of her upper lip. 14 Madame has been in Madrid 3" ques tioned Senor Castillo, with a sly glance i at the impenetrable face Reside him. 41 Yes, I have travelled a great deal — I have been in Spain," she replied In definitely. 44 Is It long eince madame was there 7" Inez drew herself erect, breathing hard. 44 Several years," she briefly and coldly answered. | 41 Ha I ha 1" softly laughed her com panion, his white teeth gleaming between the sinister curves of his lips ; 44 it is twenty-five years Bince 1 saw old M&arid; — Bince I saw the face that waa once bo beautiful to me ; the face of— her name was Gertrude Ah 1 did you speak, madame ?" he suddenly interposed, as a stifled moan escaped her. 44 it is nothing," she said with an impatient gesture. 44 Ah, Gertrude was not a Spanish girl," the man resumed, his oyes still on her face ; 44 she was fair, with blue eyes aud nut-brown hair ; bat her features I oh, senora, so like your own- She is dead, but —she left a little child — a girl ; her name was — Inez." 44 Yes, very well ; I know it— I under stand you. There is no further need of dissembling, Senor Castillo," Inez Plmyp- ton exclaimed, as she dropped his arm and turned, proudly confronting him. 44 Now what is it that you want of me ?" 44 Ha! ha 1 and bo madame compre hends at last?" he returned, in a smooth, silky tone of triumph that made the woman's flesh creep anew. 44 Of courBe 1 comp.i lend— of coarse I knew you the moment your name was uttered in my preBencs," she retorted, irritably ; 44 but what do you want?" ehe imperatively demanded, with her f&co; white as wax. 44 J want— yoa I" 44 Mel" Inez repeated, with a con temptuous toss of her haughty head, her lips curved with Infinite scorn 44 That is a moderate demand, surely ! Do you imagine for a moment that you will gain your point 7" 44 Nevertheless, I want you — I have come from America especially to search for you—" 44 But your object?" she cried, with an angry impatience. -4' Did you Imagine that 1 would greet you with open arms 7 — that 1 would fall upon yoot neck and cry, 4 Here I am ; do with me as you will 7' If so you arc destined to be sadly disapponted. Ha f ha 1 you little know the nature with which you have to deal. I acknowledge my Spanish blood— I warn you that it ia erery whit aa hot as your own ; and 1 tell you at the outset 1 re pudiate you utterly." She had spoken passionately, fiercely ; aud ah emphasized the last word with a decided stamp of one white slippered foot that betrayed her deadly oatnestnoss. I Her companion's eyes gleamed like diamonds— as he listened to her, and his thin lips were drawn tightly across his white teeth in a sinister smile that drove her nearly to distraction ; but his voice was jost as smooth and oily as before, as he aaid— 44 Ah, but my dear madame, I think you will qualify that statement when yon have heard a little story which I have to tell yoa. 1 have it in my power to do you a great service— " i 44 do not need your service, Senor : Castillo," haughtily interrupted Inez Plympton ; 44 1 do not wish to ba"e anything whatever to do with you. I have | wealth, position, beauty — three cssontials that will give me the entree to auy i society ; therefore I can dispense with your service; 1 can oven dispense with your acquaintance," she conoluded, with a prood insolence that was exasperating beyond measure. A hiss of rage escaped the man, and the sound was like tho warning hiss of a serpent. ! But, controlling himself with an effort, he softly responded — 44 Tut I tat 1 Medame's Spanish blood is getting the better of her discretion. Come, wo will reason together, my proud .beauty. Let us go to yonder pavilion, I were no one will interrupt. I will tell ' yon a secret ; then, if you will choose to I repudiate me, and repel my efforts to aid you, well and good ; Alfeo Castillo will go his way and lay no further claim to | tnadame's consideration." | 44 Humph 1 but if I should accept this seryico - what is your object 7 What will you expect in return?" Inez demanded, sharply, and searching his faoe with her shrewd eyes. Again a sinister smile crossed the man's Hps and he laugned softly In a way that 1 made her shiver, resolute as she was. 44 If I should prove to madame that she has need of my assistance, if my scheme should result as I have every reason to hope it will, surely the servant would be Dnriho nf his hire — he would exneot to share iu the glory of conquest." His companion frowned and shrugged her shouldera Impatiently. 11 You are very mysterious," she Irrit ably exclaimed. 44 Ha 1"— looking op with a great start, a light breaking over her faoe— 41 do you mean— Surely, you cannot mean that—" She was breathless, panting with ex citement now, her tone expressive of an eagerness which Indicated tnkt a sudden and gratifying revelation had come to her through his insinuations. 44 Come to the pavilion/1 the man repeated. 44 1 will tell you my atory ; then you shall judge for yourself whether it win be worth your wnile to make a friend of, or repudiate, Alfeo Castillo." j It wsa evident that he had difficulty in controlling himself as he said this, for his face was deathly pale, and he trembled, visibly with suppressed passion, Inez made no further objection; she allowed bim to lead her to the email summer-bouse, a glow of triumph and expectation on her faoe that made her wonderfully beautiful. _ They remained in the paviHon/(in earnest conversation, .for cpwardofan hour, Senor Castillo speaking in low. cautious tones, hia companion eagerly intexTopting him now and then to ask some pertinent question s and, cnoe, a soft, rippling laugh of exultation escaped her, causing a pair of lovers who were pacing a walk outside to pause and listen again for its liquid sweetness When they finally emerged from the summer- house, there was ao unmistak able air of confidence between them, which betokened a mutual interest and good- fellowship; while Inez Plympton bore herself with an air of pride that might have been asaumed by one who had just been proclaimed an empress or queen. , 41 Yes," she remarked, as she took Senor Castillo'® arm to return to the hotel, 44 if yoa accomplish this for me, you may ask what you will, and I will not refuse you." , 41 Aha I senora I what I Willi That might mean a great deal," eald the man, as be bent to look with eager eyes into the flashed face beside him. 44 Ob, well," she answered, " I mean anything in reason." . , 44 And who is to be the judge of what is reasonable?" he inquired, with a light laugh. 44 If you please, we will not discuss that question at present," Inez haughtily responded. 44 You can rest assarod, however, that If your success is what you have undertaken I shall reward you in no niggardly manner." 44 But it I should fail," the senor added — 44 mind, I have not tbe slightest fear of failure ; but, if auything unforeseen should happen to thwart me, you would certainly feel that my efforts merited some reward 7" 44 1 don't know about that, his com panion coldly returned. 44 1 supply the money for you to work with — you give yonr time aud effort ; I thiuk, in the venture of failure, we woold be quits." 44 But you are so rich, while I havs barely enough to enable me to exist,' pleaded tbe man, in a wheedling tone. 44 1 am sure I owe you nothing for my present prosperity," Inez spiritedly re torted, and with a tone of bitter scorn in her tone. _ _ Senor CaBtillo winced as if she had struck him, and again a hiss of rage escaped him, while his eyes blazed with a lurid fire. 44 Madame should choose her words with more care," he muttered warningly. She laughed mockingly, and tossed her head with a air of haughty defiance. 44 There are some truths that sound more pertinent than agreeable in the tell ing," she insolently retorted. 44 Have a care 1" he hoarsely whispered. She stopped in the path, ana confronted m' on L J 44 Do yoa think I fear you 7 she cried, with a look and bearing that made him shrink involuntarily, in spite of his Spanish blood, although the corners of his mouth curled, showing his teeth, like the snarl of an angry dog, 44 1 do not know what It is to fear a single human being : and if you imagine that 1 will concede anything in connection'with you, you will find your&elf; greatly mistaken. But for what you haYe just told me i woald not spend ir.y breath to oxchange a single aeutence with you. Lo yoa thick I could ever forget the past, under any circumstances 7 Yet, you have excited my ambition — and one will do & good deal to achieve fame, wealth, power - bo if yon win what you have promised, I will do great thiDga for you ; but if you fail——" She did not complete her sentence, bat the look which she flashed at him, with those last words, was far more expressive than langaage. 44 Very well," he snlleuly responded. 44 1 will endeavor to win the 4 great things 4 for yon. There is nokuch word as 4 fail ' in this case, so let us at least preserve the semblance of friendliness until I have placed the treasure within yonr grasp." 44 Very well," said Inez, after a moment of thoaght, and moderating her tone, 44 let it be so." They returned to tbe verandah, and, seeking a retired spot, continued their conversation for some time longer. When the interesting widow finally rose to retire, it was remarked, by a number of r observing visitors, that Senor Castillo accompauied her to tho foot of the stairs, in the spacious entrance hall, where ho took leave of licr with great empresee- ment, whereopon tho observers began to look wise aud prophetic. Every day after that, the S iard was her devoted attendant upon all possible occasions. Ho had managed to secure 'a seat directly opposite her at tho table, where he made himself so attentive and agree able that Inez gradually unbent much of her proud reserve toward him. Senor Castillo maneuvrod very skil fully, gaiumg ground little by little, until It finally became a matter of course that he should walk, drive and promenade regularly with her ; thus Mrs Grundy began to wag her tongue and predict an engagement before tho closo of the season, and, perh&pB;, an early marriage. Why not 7 It was evident that there was Spanish blood in the veins of hoth ttlthoagh nothing was known of Mrs Plympton's antecedents — aud 41 blood being thicker than water," it was the most natural thing in the world that they should be attracted to each other. To be sure the gentleman wsb much older than the fascinating widow, bat he was certainly very distingue, and more vigorous and vivacious than many a young "besides, madame's first husband had been old enough to have been her father, and it was evident that she had a prefer ence for maturity rather than youth. She would De a great oateh for the senor, however, although no one knew his circumstances ; he might be some Spanish grandee travelling incognito ; he certainly looked it, if manners and bear ing counted for anything. Bnt Mrs Anthony Plympton's wealth was a certified fact — everybody was aware that her husbaud had left an immense fortune, of which she was to have un limited control during the minority of her son. , , ..... It had been also ooserveu mat, since making the acquaintance of Senor Cas tillo, she seemed to have bloomed out more brilllautly; there was a brighter glow on her cheek, a more dazzling light in her dusky eyes, her lips wore oftener wreathed with smiles, and bor manner characterised by a proud and exultant air that seemed to proolalm bright antici pation. , „ , When bar stay at the Springs was over, aud she returned to her palatial home on the Hudson, Senor Castillo also disap peared, and the romantic episode of the summer, like many another, became an affair of the past, and was forgotten by society, excepting, perhaps, a few disap pointed fortune-hunters, who had seoretly aspired to win the brilliant widow's favor aud the management of her handsome bank account. Yes, forgotten by all bnt the principals of the so-called rcmanoe, who were destined to jneet again in the near future under pecnliar and intensely interesting circumstances. To be Continued . He wh j has less thai he desires may bo quite euro that he has more than he | deserves. I 