LITERARY NOTES. 60Mp BOOKS OF TUB DAY. FACT AND FICTION. Miss Frances Gerard has. according to the London rritlra, bestowed much care and at tention on her "Romance of Ludwlg II." (Hut chinson and Co.). Romance, moreover, was a good title to select, for If ever a rnwrclgu's life was romantic In the uhl accepted sense of tho term It was that of this handsome but dan gerous lunatic. His granfatber's Uuison with tho notorious Lola Monte:, who subsequently dlstlngulsed herself by horsewhipping n news- paper editor at Uallarat, -was but the cplvdo of a fascinating woman. That of poor Lud- wlg'a lasted for a llfo time. According to Mis Gerard, the unfortunate monarch had "a hard nnd unsympathetic brlnglng-up." But such | brtnglngs-up were common in the German ; courts in the thirties and fortlca, and a young gentleman who, na a child, openly professed his abhorrence of all r<-"pb> who dhl not hap- pen to be good looking, and was once within an nco of atrangliug his younger brother with a bowstring, because ho would not obey him as a vuBaol.was evidently Fomcthlug more than ordinary. lie was a modern Prince, charming, too, when lie came to thu throne, extremely good-looking, with a graceful figure. Still, when he was reviewing bis troops", some six months afterwards, one eye-witness i said to have observed: "No one. except an enthusias tic girl, would for a moment maintain that tht hundvonie young rider had tho martial air of n soldier— for one thing, his hair wanted cutting." "Indeed," as was also re marked, "it was only tho pageantry of military llfo that ap pealed to him; from the hurd actualities of warfare ho held aloof In fiW and tn 1S70. to tbe bitter disappointment of his subjects and to til own mortification, for he could never forgive the Crown Prince for tho triumphs which ought to have been hla own. lu 1S6C, on tbe declaration of war. be went off to visit Wag ner ut Trlcbrehen, near Lucerne; ut tho mom ent of Sadowa burled liiuiBClf In tho seclusion of Stornberg with a poetic friend; and when an cmlsrary came from Munich to tell him tbo or 11 news, wan discovered In tho woods of Hohcnschwntigau playing tho part of Tristan In parti-colored tights of npricot and canary color. Thus early was ho possessed wllh tho Idea that art was tbo ouly proper sotting for all human nctlou." Mlra Gerard details tho last scenes of the well-known tragedy that terminated this un happy young men's life, with what more than one critic calls unnecessary length; but they figre<> with her that a strange lack of consid eration was shown to tbo unhappy King In announcing to him his deposition nnd tbe rea- sons which necessitated It. But, after nil, thu pcuplo of Bavaria, und Munich especially, had boon patient und long-suffering In regard to their King und his— to put It very mildly- hereditary eccentricities. To hand are "The Poetical Works of the late J. W. Mcaden," edited by John Vale, aad u biographical sketch by the same writer. To the community at largo Mr Mnadcn was ttcsi Itnonu as an earnest aud conscientious writer in the eausp.of total abstinence, and in BID he won the prize offered at the Gerioag Exhibition for tho best essay on the subject. Later on. In connection with the Melbourne Internationa! Exhibition of I8F), lie won for the best poem, which was set to music by Mr Leon Caron, and bung at the opening ceremonies. And yet. though Mr Meadun carried off tho prize In nearly overy competition he entered Into, there ! not In the puems. before us much of U10 Pindaric fire, but tbore Is much that Is earnest and true. Perhaps the boat "tribute" to him Is couched in tho following, by J. U. O'llara, In "riougs of tho South"— 1 knnw not if the absence of dcrira Hath wholly wnn thee from the beaten way, Gr if thlno eyes have sought the heights alway Where, loving truth, the hnpplvet «u>plre; 1 know not If upon pale passlm'a pyre Are set the bygone hopes of ramo sweet day. Where ghost thy llfo has haunted. This I say. "Thy life Is uobiunos!" What praise Is higher? For nohlmefi.1 is that great light which throws A ringing rsdlnnrn round uur darkened days, For It beget all virtue, and It glows More glorious than Impcrtvhable lays Untouched beyond Itiiuprablo fate. Soon nnothcr posthumous work by James Russell Lowell will appear. It will bear tbe title "Impressions of Spain," aud has been edited by Mr Joseph II. Glider. Three "Im pressions" were gathered by Mr Lowell "whllo Minister to Spain. Lndy Lindsay lias ready for publication, at tho beginning of October a long puem dealing with the life of Sir Hubert, under tho title of "Tho Apostln of tbo Ardennes." It is the longest single poem Lady Llndsny has yet published, making n volumo by Itself. Tbe narrative Is In blank verse, with n few lyrics Interspercil. Messrs Kegan Pnul, Trench, Trubuer, and Go. Limited are the publishers. Mr J. Haldane Burgess, tho Shetland nove list. bos finished a new romance on which be hus for some time past been engaged. Mr Burgess, It will surprise) many tu hear, Is tot ally blind. He has, nevertheless, n full ac quaintance with tho history of his Island homo nnd tho folklore and traditions of his com patriots. In hi new hook. "Tho Treasures of Bon Andres," the action In which pertains to the days of tbo Armnda nnd tho Inquisition, lie appeals to a wider public thau Jo his pre vious works. Tha first porta of tho "Encyclopaedia Blb- Uea." which was orglually the suggestion of tlic Inte Professor Robertson Smith, are leav ing the press. Tho work will be on tbe lines of the "Encyclopaedia Rrltanalca." Falling hi'uUti prevented Professor Smith from carry ing beyond thu preparatory stages his long- chcrlahcd project, hut ho took a warm pcrsonul and practical Interest in it tn tho last, nnd it was nt his Instanco that Dr Sutherland Black, In February, IS9I. entered upon the correspon dence with Professor Chcytie In which the ex isting jolnt-cdltorshlp was arranged. Dr Cheyuc nnd Dr Black havo now so far com pleted their undertaking that tho first of tha four ports of tho "Encyclopaedia lllhlica" will be Issued before tho end of October. Messrs A. aud C. Black ore thu publishers. 