.'WHAT TIE SEA BROUGHT II A DEVONSHIRE C^AST^iD^'j: (By Margaret Haynes.) . ? '? CHAPTER ti:— (G^nu^i ' „. He was shocked to see liow white and fragile she looked after the long night's exposure. She managed with .'?his ;; assist- ? tanbs, to rise and stretch her cramped limbs, and then took the helm ^ while Rob saw to the sail, and-then set their course by his pocket compass.' ''We oan't be very far out,' he said hopefully, 'and if we, have got on the ngut tacK we ougnx to. sigui iauu ycij soon ; if not, we are sure to sight a steamer or a vessel of some sort before long.' ? ' ' ? . ? ;And sure enough, when the, sun was well up, he saw with delight a. d;ark, cloud-like line that came ever nearer, until it took definite shape, and stood revealed as a rocky coast, even, grander and more rugged than that to which they were accustomed. ; ? ?-. 'I think we are in-Bude Bay,' said Rob, 'though. I have never beenJfp far down' the coast before. It looks g§ .if ve might run in there.' .... ,-He point' 1 to a snug little sandy bg-y, 'a' perfect natural haven, we4ge-i 'ig/ as it were, between precipitous cliffs ; but poor Nancy, though she welcomed the prospect of getting 9 shore, was too faint and cold to stand up and look. They 1 .were, soon near enough to see the wnite icottages of the village, built irregularly ? up, a. steep, hill, peepingi out from1 em 'bowering greenery, and above them a big grey stone house, partly covered with ? ' 'fry-'. -' ' ??? . Several boats were hauled up on the ?beach, and a group of men stood on the ?tiny stone pier, evidently watching with .curiosity the little boat that was bearing down upon them. Rob took off his coat and1 Waved it, standing iny the bows; and they inter 'preteti this as a signal of distress, for . two of them; put off in a rowing boat and came to meet them. In- & little time ?they were alongside — swarthy, stalwart ..Cornisb fishers. Rob explained matters in a very few words; and they offered to come aboard and steer the 'Nancy' safely into port, .towing their own boat. ? ; 1 'Ydu'm 'bout ready for brekfus, I rackon,' said Steve Pentreath, as he 'took the helm. 'The poor maid be dead beat, and no wonder. Cheer up, iny dear; usil tak'ee iato Carlyn in no time/' '.What place 13 this?' asked Nancy,' 'Valiantly trying to 'beat down the faint ness that was nearly overpowering! her.. CarlyEr — that was one of her own names ! 'TVhy, 'tis Carlyn, for sure. Haven't 'ee heard of the, Carlynsi of Carlyn? That.be Sir Andrew's house, there up over. There's abeen Garlyns. here for hundred^ ,0'. years.' . .Nancy asked no more; for they- had brought the boat ..in, bekuHMly, and were -alongside the little pier ; 'and Pen treath was shouting to 'One of the lads to 'nm up ovei'' to Mrsr:Berry^ and tell her that two forlorn strangers were com ing to' the inn. ' '''?''.'.,;?' ''Tis but a few steps' to the ''Carlyn Arms, ' Pentreath said reassuringly, as, with Rob's 'arm supporting ?? her, she stumbled tip the rough stone steps. He would gladly have earned her, .but she insisted on walking./ ..! . ; ?'.' , : ' ? ? Her appearance -created quite a sen-' sa.tionj:among-the little-knot of people assembled to see .them land^-ra sensa^ tion that: was not due. only to the fact' that, she had been. out in, an open boat all night, and was wet, draggled; and weary. .A young, well-dressed man who had come strolling- leisurely along, in idle curiosity, caught sight. of the girl's sweet pale face, and gave a quick, short exclamation of surprise; but neither Nancy nor . Rob heard nor heeded him. 'Only a few steps more, dear,' Rob whispered encouragingly, as, with Pen treath at the other side of her, they reached the 'Carlyn Arms,', and the hostess bustled out, full of sympathy and hospitality. 'My poor dear lamb, you'm half dead, sure enough,' she began, and then broke off suddenly, and leant against the porch, staring as though she had seen a ghost. . ' ?:.-...'?. 'Dear heart alive!' she gasped, 'why, 'tis. Miss Nancy!' . ' 