CYCLING GOSSIP. (By "YELLOW FELLOW.") The following letter, which speaks for itself, was received by the acting secretary of the W.A. Cyclists' Union, a few davs ago:—" Ivalgoorlie, April 22, 18WL Mr. M. J. Smith, Acting Secretary W.A. Cyclists' Union. Dear Sir—I placed vour letter dated 18th inst. before tl.e'W. A. Goldfields' League of Wheelmen, a t a gene: a 1 meeting "held the night before last, That meeting was distinctly favorable to reciprocity with your Union, but no definite conclusion was come to, the matter being left to the council to de.il with, and a recommendation made that for tlie present a temporary agreement be entered into, providing for the ratification of disqualifications imposed by either, and the right of members of each body to ride at race meetings under the auspices of either. Could you kindly send me a draft of the proposals you submitted a short i iiua b.ick to the Perth League ? Our League is willing to agree to any reasonable proposals which will advance the cause of Cycliug generally, and provide for its efficient government. Yours faithfully, E. H. !J. JEFFERY, Hon. Ser-., W.A. Goldfields' League." * * * The accident which happened to W. Martin in Melbourne last Saturday, and which Martin ascribes to a conspiracy on the part of two others to bring him down, was certainly very regrettable. The straight-going Irish- American had won for himself universal respect, and as he had beaten the leading cyclists of the world, psople were anxious to see how the Australian cracks would shape against him. Previously to his accident he had uot had sufficient time to strike his true form, but, notwithstanding that, he demonstrated very clearly that he had not been over- rated by his many admirers. He has accused two riders of having brought about the accident which has resulted so seriously for him aud if he can prove his case, no-one will be sorry if the two rascals receive six months in goal in addition to being banished from cycling circles for life. It is a well-known fact that iu Melbourne to-day there is a band of leading cyclists which controls all the scratch events aud many of the handicap events run in the Victorian capital. One of the band lias to win, and if there's a rider who is likely to beat the chosen one. two or three of the band pay the outsider special attention, and effectually block him. If the outsider has any pluck about him as well as a turn of speed—well, so much the worse for himself, for the cunning crowd is bound to bring him down. It may be mentioned that one or two or three of this cunning band will probably be seen on the Western Australian tracks shortly. Fremantle has been fairly free from the cunning crew, but the same cannot be said of the eastern goldfields, where some glaring mal-piactices are being carried on during the progress of races. At a recent race uieetiug on the fields eight out of nine riders fell in the final of the principal event on the programme. That " accident " it has been alleged, was deliberately brought about by a certain rider, who w is p lid £'100 for doing the job. $ * * ® Seveial times *• Yellow Fellow" has asserted that the League of W.A. Wheelmen is dead, and he now comes forward to reiterate that statement, aud, what's more, he can prove it.. At the present moment there is no legally constituted L.W.A.W., and this writer challenges the snuftls-busting, canting, alleged <; governing body of cycling in Western Australia " to deny it. Iu fact, he defies it to do so. The rules of the L.W.A.W. say that the co-.ineil of that body shall consist of delegates from the aliiU iteJ cycling clubs within the metropolitan are:i. Now, there are only two clubs within the metropolitan area, connected with the League, and the whole time the League's Council is m;ide up mostly of men purporting to " represent "' (save the mark) sueh places as Leonora, Albany, Bunhury, Mt. Magnet. Cue, etc., etc.,«r? f/aforam. The League Council was in a fearful tangle a week or two ba'^k. and it wriggled out by resorting to about the cleverest bit of work that has been experienced in cycling circles for some time. It was necessary to have a certian number of men to form a quorum at the council meetings, and a number of those who had been in the habit of taking their seats and doing business on the council had no right whatever to sit on the Council or do business. They were disqualified either through their own faults or through those of the clubs which they pretended to represent : but, nevertheless, they assisted in forming a quorum and in carrying a motion at a council meeting, making them members of the Council, while all the time they had no right, whatever, to be round about the place. Now, the League finds that it has no council, because there are only about two delegates entitled to sit on the council, but the few who run the show will probably hold au inquest on themselves. and after declaring that tJiey died, because it was a circumstance over which they had had no control. they'll run a small resurrection on their own aud parade themselves as portions of the L.W.A.W. ghost, which is walking around to save funeral expenses. * 3f- * In an interesting interview with a representative of Punch " Bob " Walne says that he won £362 in his first season. In the season just past his winnings amounted to £900, besides medals and trophies. And then he had £300 from a cycling firm and " £600 for expenses from his employers" (who ever they are), so that he reckons he made £2000 in the The NewZe iland Railway authorities are experimenting in the carriage of bicycles on the Canterbury lines. The bicycles are placed in canvas bags to prevent their being knocked about or the enamel scratched. If the experiment is successful, it will be universally adopted. 5S * One of the best *'•' dont's " to practical tourists is, that the tires should not be inflated hard when rough stony roads are encountered. A very hard tire is faster on smooth roads than on bad roads, owing to excessive vibration in the latter case. * * * W. B. Bell, the Dunedin cyclist, recently made a successful attempt to lower the 50 miles New Zealand road record (says an exchange). The course was from Riccarton to Milton and back. Bell, paced by two triplets and two tandems, started from Iticcarton at. 3.15 p.m., aud, despite .two punctures, completed the distance in 2h 23min 29sec, which is 2inin better than the previous record. Not. satisfied with this performance, B ill mnde another trial on Saturday to still further reduce the record. Tlie course was the svue as before. He kept urging on his pacemakers, and with such good effect that he complete! the 50 miles in the very sm u-t tinv;? of "2b Siiiin 49se-*. breaking the previo is best (his own) by 14mm and breaking the Australian record as well, reducing it bv no less than 12m:n llsec. Tlie roads were iu fair onlii\ An important case bearing on the serious question of the liability of "cycle manufacturers has bsen just b-eu decided iu Ireland. A rider claimed £500 damages from a certain firm for personal injuries s-istaiued through a machine breaking oft*at tlie neck just over the crown. The jury awarded the plaintiff £120 damages and costs. The defendants have appealed to a higher court. They coutend that the niachiue in question was over twelve months in use and tint all precautions which are usual and reasonable were taken to secure excellence of material and workmanship in its construction. United Kingdom cycle exports to Australasia for 1898 are as follows:— Victoria, £88.190 ; New Zealand, £40,(532 ; New South Wales, £19.517; West Australia, £16.895 ; South Australia, £15,304: Queensland, £6,411; Tasmania, £2,607. Grand Total— £189,556. ® # The programme for the North Fremantle cycling club's race meeting, which will be held on the track across the river on May 24th next, appears in another column. A very attractive bill-of-fare has been prepared for the occasion, the list of events includiug— a maiden handicap of £8, one mile; a half-iuile flutter of £8 ; the North Fremantle wheel race, of £27, two miles: a lady's bracelet, of £8 7s, one and a half miles; and a trainers' handicap, a sweepstake of 2s fid eich, one mile. The club has made a new depirture with regird to its principal hamlic.ip. aud it is offering 10s each to the winners of heits in that event. The nominations for all races will close next Saturday night at all tlie cycle agencies «n Fremantle and with Mr. C. 11. Sumner, co Mr. E. H. Tomkinsou, Victoria Boot Palace, North Fremantle. Maurice Kohn. the oldest mm iu Europe, died on March 5, at the age of 113\. He was born in 1786, in Fraukirchen, Hungary, aud was fonuerly a butcher. He remembered the rise and fall of Napoleon I. perfectly clearly. At the age of 90 he removed from his native village to Vienna. Before dying Kohn said: " At last my time has come. I am sorry to go. I feel (juste young, aud could enjoy another century." Says "Booudi"' in the Sydney Jh'feree —" At a bazaar recently, Cardinal Moran let off one of the smartest and soundest remarks I eve!- heard. "Some people say,' observed his Eminence, ' that church bazaars encourge gambling. My experience is that two visits to a church bazaar will cure the greatest gambler ever born.' There are few shrewder iieads iu Sydney than the one the Cardinal wears under his shovel-hat, and 'Ouida' wasn't far out when she said : 'Journalists, ladies' maids, and priests know everything.' (The order in which the trio is placed is 4 Ouida s,' not mine.)" 