NEWS FROM THE PACIFIC A HUGE TIDAL WAVE. MASSACRES BY ISLANDERS. (From Our Own Correspondent.) Sydnay, May 5. The steamer Archer, belonging to the Pacific Islands Company, has returned to Sydney after an extended cruise in the South Seas. Besides the Gilbert, Elliott, and Marshall groups she visited New Britain, New Ireland, and numerous other scattered islands. She reports some sensational news from the Marshall Islands. A tidal wave lately swept over several of the islands doing considerable damage, and its effects were felt in the Gilbert and Ellice groups. In New Ireland and at Nukufakau it caused great harm as well. At Jaluit, in the Marshall Islands, a German trading schooner came to port from the Carolines and reported that the tidal wave had extended there, causing great loss of life. One of that group was entirely swept and there must have been several hundred lives lost. Cap- tain Hetzfelt, of a German schooner in the vicinity, succeeded in rescuing some natives. One island, he stated, was completely washed away. Several massacres are reported from the Bismarek ar hip'lago..; At New Ireland a trader-n~imed. Peterson in formed Captain Henry, of the -Arche,? ' that he lad sent Iw o boats downtt the coast in Ftbruary. They had reached the tradir'g grounds an i anchored for the night. Whilst they were aslet.p some nat'ves put cff in war cinoce, captiired the -boats and trnasacrnd thb crews. The boats *e~o tannnnd by i1 natitee, whose bodie were taken ashore, while the boats were destroyrd. At New Britain some mosths ago the litle trading ketch Sea Ghost was capture d at Nusa by natives, and tht whole crew was tunssacted. One of the rmirderbits was retceitgy captured at New. Britain, tried, sentenced to death and shot. A few d tys Lefore the Archer left the Gelman warship Mcewe had started rut from New thitain fCfiNusa on a punitive expedition in connection with this same massacre. In r< fert nec to the case of Dr-olctte v. the Coolgardie Mint and.Iron Ei'ng Company--a report of which appeared in a recent issue - the latest London papers state that Mr Justice St'rlir:g, in giving his re?erred judgment, found that the d fondant comp:ny was en titled to the 10,000 rhares in dispi.te, and directed an inquiry as to ti.e damages to which Sir A. Kniby was entitled. Sir A. Kirby, it sill be re memLeied, was one of the directors of the company against whom criminal proceedings were taken in connection with the scrip duplications. 