WAMBO DIVISIONAL ~ BOARD ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN. . ORDINARY MEETING, i The ordinary meeting of the alrave was held oh Wednesday last, l'rcsent: Messrs II. Ensor, T. Higgins, T...McIl. Taylor, A. McLeod, and J. D. McLciland. ? The returning, officer 'read the result of the recent election as follows :— Subdivision No.i— Thomas Higgins, unop po.seu. , ? ?'. . :~.. ?. - ? Subdivision No. 2— A. McLtod, unopposed . Subdivision No. 3— J.' D.- McLelland Auditors— Messrs J. Ryan.'and; Frederick Matheson. ' . ' EI.15CTION OK CHAIR.MANi ? The retiring Chairman, Mr Henry Ensor, thanked the members for the invariable courtesy which he had received during his term of ofllce. He had tried lo do his best, and if his opinions had not always coincided with those of members, and disagreements had oc curred, they must remember that such things will happen in the best regulated Board.' meet ings. .,. Mr J. Y. Black, before permitting the chair man 10 vacate his seal thought this n fitting occasion -as senior member of the Board, Mo say for himself and other members Ilhat Mr Ensor had carried out the onerous duties*~dc volving ,up3ii him for the last two years' in an impartial manner, and, he wished to place it on record, With honor to himself and credit lo the Board. . ' . ' ?..,: * ? Mr Mcll. Taylor had much pleasure in cor 'dially endorsing the remarks which had fallen from Mr J. Y. Black's lips. There had been differences, which could not he otherwise, still when anything particular cropped up Mr Ensor hud given his decisions 'promptly and satisfactorily.- : . ''? ' — Mr Mcll. Taylor proposed lhat Mr Ensor act as chairman pro tern. Seconded by Mr M'Leod and carried.- ?.?.'..:'? Moved by Mr A. M'Leod 'That. Mr J. Y. Black act as chairman for\he next year. Seconded by Mr J. D. Mulhoiland and carried unanimously. , '?? '?'??-; Mr Black, on taking the chair jocularly re marked that they had such a plethora of speeches latterly that he would not inflict another one upon them. He thanked the members and the late chairman (who had set such a good example) for the honor conferred ?upon him which he fully appreciated at its value, and following in.his predecessor's foot steps, he could not err. He held it was a distinction to be president of such a local body, and of a Board wilh such gigantic ramifications. The business hitherto had been quietly, har moniously, nnd peacefully-conducted, and he would leave no stone unturned to further the interests of Ihe division as far as in his power lay, and he would use his best endeavours to conduct the business in an impartial manner. According to custom -it was decided upon lo adjourn the meeting till 2 p.m. for the tiansac lion of ordinary business, meantime the newly elected chairman invited his colleagues and the Press representatives lo his adjoining premises, where the social cup was partaken of, and the Chairman heartily congratulated on his assump tion of the chair. Judging from surrounding circumstances the appointment seems lo have been a very judi cious and popular one, the right man in the right place, or, taken the chairman's rotundity into consideration, 'the round man in the round hole.' GF.NF.KAL MEETING. The gcner.il meeting opened at 2 p.m. Present: Messrs J. Y. Black (chairman), H. ICnsor, T. Higgins, T. Mcll. Taylor, A. McLeod, and J. 1). Mulhoiland. The minutes of preceding meeting were taken as read, and confirmed on the proposition of Mr II. F.nsor, seconded by Mr McLeod. COKKKSI'ONUUNCIi. From J. T. Bell, Esq., M.L.A., notifying that Mr Williams, of the Hydraulic Depart inent will inspect in conjunction with the Board's Foreman, and report upon the boundary between ihe Wainbo and Rosalie Divisional B jards as to ihe proposal lhat the Government shoul I pay half cost, say £To towards the erection of a windmill. — 'lue Foreman staled Uml according to appointment jehad driven Mr Williams out 10 the well, and lhat gentleman had expressed his opinion that a windmill was urgently needed there and lhat he would report accordingly. From ihe N.Z. Loan and Mercantile Agency, asking lhat ihe company's name be placed on rate book in lieu of John Iiyrne, Fairylund. Gramed on the proposition of Mr Ensiir, seconded by Mr M'Leml. From G. While, Nudlcy, Chinchilla, de ninrring against lieing riled for property which he had forfeited, anil which had since been taken' possession of by a man named W. I'ollard. From Land A-.;cm, Nanango, in reference lo lands held by G. White from 171I1 Feb.-intiv l8;j6 lo 30th October 1S97, and on which there was £4 Ss 7d due for rates. Resolved thai a compromise he made and balance charged to present lessee. From W. I'alcrson, drover, complaining lhat Jinibour lane has been stocked with sheep and completely eaten out. He demanded that the Board should not allow this stale of things to continue, any longer lo the detriment of travel ling sheep who had no chance of a feed. Mr Mel. Taylor was glad that this letter had come before the Board to be dealt with. I Ie him s»lf had intended to bring the .matter on. Only this morning coming in from Jinibour he had found the lane infested with two mobs of sheep of 3000 to 4000 each, besides innumer able cattle and horses the property of towns people. Something ought lo be done and in slantly. Cairiers and travellers hadn't a ghost of a chance for a feed for Iheir stock, and he moved that the chairman give instructions to impound all stock forthwith without respect to persons. Mr Ensor thought it hard lines, and; some notice should he given. Mr M'Lwl seconded the motion, wilh the proviso lhat seven days' notice be given. Thus amended the proposition was carried. . From Messrs Matheson and Ryan, auditdrs, testifying 10 the correctness ami perfect order in which the Board's Iraoks are kept by ihe clerk, Mr M. Ford. From- Lands Office, To6wooml-a, re ap plication by Messrs White of Loudoun to be_ allowed to purchase two '^proclaimed water reserves at the junction of Myall and' Branch creeks, and asking if Board had any objection lo offer to the alienation of the land in ques tion. After inspection of map, the Foreman said the reserves were without water and 'of no earthly good. Moved by Mr Ensoj, seconded by Mr M'Leod that ihe Board offer no objec tion. Parried. . ??'.-.? - From same asking 10 be advised as 10 ap plication made by some interested persons to have the Reserve adjoining portion 164-5, parish of Macalister, to be sold by auction or opened for .selection. The Foreman' stated lhat the Reserve was a very useful one and; of benefit to travelling stock. After inspeciing map, Mr Taylor proposed ' that the matter stand over, meantime the surrounding selectors be written to asking for approval or otherwise. Seconded by Mr Ensor and carried. ' ' From Lands Office, Tuowooinba, asking to be furnished wilh lithographs of lands lo be reserved for timber and metals. Mr Ensor moved that the request be granted, seconded by Mr M'Leod and carried. From Department of Lands in reference to road case between Jessop's and Simpson's lands asking for deeds as per schedule atlached and fee £14 for preparing new grants. Pro posed by Mr Ensor, seconded by Mr Higgins that., cheque be sent and deeds prepared. Carried. . . ' '. .''' PETITIONS OR 'MEMORIALS. ? Petitions from eight ratepayers, residing at St. Ruth, praying that an additional tank be provided at the well, the' present tank of 4000 gallons beid£ quite inadequate forthe watering of stock and use of selectors. Mr Taylor could'nt see , ihe way clear for the Board to' provide water for private per sons, and thought that the mailer should stand over. The Chairman said he had heard no complaint from drovers. Eventually Mr M'Leod proposed that the Foreman inspect and report at next meeting. Seconded by. Mr Ensor, and carried. — From James Henry and Margaret Henry, asking for a road to be opened to their selection, Charles Creek, since they had to trespass upon neighbours for access to their selection. After consulting map, Mr Taylorproposed, and Mr Mulhoiland seconded, that the Foreman inspect and report at next meeting. Carried. — Petition from 43 rate payers Rosalie Divisional Board, residents at Irvingdale, praying to be included in the Wambo Division. Moved by Mr Ensor, se conded by Mr Taylor, that petition be received. Carried. —Mr Ensor moved that these selec tors be brought into the Division for various reasons; by natural position they originally belonged to Dalby, and he advocated that the new boundary be the electoral boundary. Mr Taylor said they should proceed cautiously, s:ncc afterwards mistakes could not be recti fied. ,'? Another question was whether^the rates would compensate for the improvements re quired. The Foreman having stated that the rates would more than condensate, Mr Higgins seconded the motion, which was'c'arried unani mously. The yearly balance sheet having been read to the, meeting, same was adopted on the motion of Mr Ensor, seconded by Mr M'Leod. APPOINTMENT OK OFFICERS. Proposed by : Mr Taylor, seconded by Mr M'Leod, that items 6, 7, and 8 be in operation as heretofore. Carried.. ' PASSING OF SALARIES. Proposed by Mr Taylor that the salaries including the Chairman's allowance, be the same as last year. Seconded by Mr M'Leod, and carried. ^ , The adjustment, of accounts of Subdivisions was read to the* meeting,'' and adopted on the motion of Mr Knsor, seconded by Mr M'Leod; '?'???''?,' ? ' ? The financial statement was read, and its adoption moved by Mr Ensor, seconded by Mr M'Leod, arid carried. : ' FOREMAN'S R1SPORT. The Chairman and members of Ihe Wamlo Divisional Board :— Gentlemen, — I respectfully submit for your consideration ihe following re port on works in progress or completed since the last meeting of the Board :— . '''(I.) Michael Cuddihy has finished contnet No. 9— Bridge over Jandowae Creek at Jen dowae : — - Contract price of bridge... ... ^98 o o Supplying 4 corbels, each 20ft long ... ? : ... 4 10 o Making approaches and cutting side drain ? ? 300 Clearing approaches to bridge by taking out 4 large trees ..; I o o ;£io6 10 . o Less received on account ... . 90 10 . o Balance due... ... .... £li- 10 o (2. ) The same contractor has also carried out the following works : — Repairing crossing of gully at Jandowae Township ... ... j£o 10 o Clearing fallen timber- from the main northern road between 1 Jandowae and Cooranga Creek 1 10 o Repairing Downfall Creek Cross ing ... ? 200 Repairing Cooranga Creek Cross ing ' ? 4 10 o Total ? ^8*io o (3.) The following amounts are respectfully recommended for payment : — Robert Burton, ^3 j for clearing fallen tim ber, Quinalow's and Mack's Gully Road, near the Bunya Mountains. (4). Timothy Riordan, £3 10s ; for clearing drift timber from Charlie's Creek Bridge at Chinchilla, anil £4 los for cutting south approach to Charlie's Creek ai Bateman's old bridge ; total, ^S. (5). Denis bheedy, £1 ; for clearing fallen timber between Yamsion school nnd the liunya mills- (6). John Cuddihy, £ 1 ; clearing fallen timber from Myers' lo Yamsion school. -\\*j.) Patrick Flana -»'.in, £l ios ; filling holes on' Ihe Scrub road at the back of Mr Donovan's, parish of I rvingdalc. (8.) John Cahill, ^n ; clearing boulders and timber from roads around limbour in the parish of Palmer. (9). Frederick Uinton, £2; get ting and delivering posts and rails to lanes around Br.inr 'i CilcU. (is ) G. -r;c^|jl', £1 ; clearin'i rends 111 i'ie parish of MtiW Hill. (II. ( John W. Lyniigh. £2; clearing Scrtil) road ut the l«c\ orM' '.' !?« r -i r.y/ ii\ in t'ie parish of Mi, 1 1 ,'!-,!. (!?) ! 1 ./..;!. 10 nan, ij; ii-lm- Id- r .1 ', ,1 „ , , , . , ., ,i, ,,n | bcU\\-.ii linvi ,1 C .. '. in.l 1 1- I; 1.4 011 i'r.j,. . ing. (I.I ) l.l.nonl W (,M r' , /'; ? p p 'r ?-. nnproirhss ol C'io-,,m -, R -c\\\ Cru '.. \v t - I CliiiKlnlli {n ) I rulnu.'. Hi ,r. ft .'l ..,. in-{ fallen timber from tils ICi-mi iiii«!'W.uri' roa.l (15) P.m.-. R.i, . £y; „, uc.-i,t 3rd advance o 1 loiiIi h , -. 1 i -', \ ,,in^, ? c , unJimlHiurrrad. (id). GiriH-liu. I'. ?-_-i. £ ?; on ucLininl fiM .uh.inct 01 i.ii \\- j,, clearing prickly peir on Chin ii'i ie. r-e ' (17) L. Uc.t!i nullLr, /(-; on i-uin il, r.l stdviilK; RjH.is tti w 11 ,11 i,,, . 1 , , 1.1 \ , 1 .. (IS.) W It II, yhiiu, /„ ,11 .1 .,-?? , 1 a.-lvanic rep'ii, in »m i.m.l , ..it. u\ \ 1 1 . (I-) L Kieihininkr. f\ 15 ; IV m-iimh, and -Ii^in; »!,!,, ,,,a 1., ,'., tl| 21 f . , ,. Iroughin ; at i'i- hoiui I irv ». 11 .it In ,n - l.ili 120.) \l,ii £(, 5, t,, sun.- cmr- lor for ie moving .nil r^ii(ti.i-- 1 mk st 1,1 ! m I Oiru /I Juck)'sW.n .hnlcWi.idiiiill (ji ) Pun M. Klan.igin, £? jo-,; I'lml .uli ime ?- 1 .iio.niit section 1 of No 1, iiiimo 1, mnUco ill 1a 122 ) Snnviel M'Ciillii igh, /1 ; r-|iiirn-; .iiipmuli lojimlx,iir Creek lindge al \lae.li-.ler 1.3) WHliamT. Mulhollind, £1 ; ik-inn^ fill n ? timber from I.mdim.ie and |.nghi i.ul \i 1 Jinghi. (24 ) Mm Ciihbs, £4 10, ; mi lph-i ; posts and erecting fenco across thru- 1 in s it l Branch Creek district, inc'iiilm: th ee fr.ip, ways.— I ha\e ihe honor lo be, gen. lemon, ^ your obrdicnt servanl, John Bic'de-., !-'uruiun of Works. KATIiS. ' Stilement of rites h.uinj licen rend lo the meeting, it was proposed by Mr Enyir, lhat after the lapse of a fortnight all outstanding rates be placed in Ihe haivl-. of Mr l\J4o'*- ,- ands, giving him discrttiiin ry po-ven to di ,il with recalcitrant ralepa\ rs. 'Seco.iJeJ li/ Mr'- McLeod and carried. 1 ' - VALUATIONS. On the motion of Mr McLeod, seconded h ? ' Mr Ensor, it was decided ihit the \ahnimn , ' be same as last year. * - CONSiniiKATION'-OK TRN'IIKKS. « Contract No. 16.— William LewK price 21 9d«per chain, lime 4 months, cli-povt 3-- E. II. Hardinp, 4-, 61 p»r chai-i, time -, months, deposit £1 5s; tin' deposit haxiij; teen tendered by cheque, the lender wa. thrown out as informal. Mich.iel Cujihhy, 1» ' iod p r chain, lime 2 m inths dep(r,it 25s Move 1 I y Mr Taylor, keconded by Mr Ensor, that Cuddihy's lender be accepted. Carried. ' Contract No. 17.— C. Keen, 7d per c lie yard, time 4 months, de, osit £$ Martin Cahill, 6-£d per cubie^-afd, lime 3 minulis, , deposit £2. Michael ' Cuddihy, uj^d per ? ', yard, time 3 months, deposit 30? James k Condon, 6d per yard, lime 2 months, deposit £3 10,. Proposed by Mr Higgins, seconded by Mr Ensor, that Condon's lender be ac- , cepted. Carried. ' BUSINESS ARISING OUI Or PREVIOUS ' MESTINC. ?? ' Re road fro-n Macalister to W. rra : The Chairman said that the Te!csriph 'Authoriues Had strengthene.l their hand in aaiising a road to be made there. Mr Taylor moved lhat lhe_ matter stand over till nest meeting, meanwhile to; ascertain by the Clerk whether the Lands Department advocate a 2, 5, 6, or 10 chain r jad' Seconded I y Mr Lnsor ai d carried. Ml-iCEU.ANliOUS. . Mr Taylpr called attention lo the fact that a number of stock were constantly travelling over from here lo Burrandowan, passing by Jiml:oar Station, t'irough . which there was no road, but there was u well-defined road bettc known as Winkle's hne about 3 miles long and with a view of diverting ihe stock roue from Jinibour through its legitimate channel (Winkle's -lime) he wanted ihe '? Foreman to inspect and report at ne\t meeting. Agreed to;. Mr Mulhall.vid' drew attention to the necessity of clearing road1 to Fairy Meadow, hear Summerfield, and moved that Foreman inspect and report at next meeting. Seconded by M r McLeod and carried. This concluded the business, and the meet ing adjourned. - 