SPORTING. THE TURF. The Prince of Wales's Birthday meet fng of the' Western Australian Turf Club on November 9 was a very pleasant gathering:, but backers generally had a had tune. The unkindest 'cut' of all was in the Prince of Wales Cup, which was vFpn by the outsider Triumph, who paid something over £18 for 10s. in the totalisator. Another despised candidate in Gunbearer was runner-up, while The Black Bock, who started favorite, was third. In. tie Cup at headquarters yester day there were many out for an airing. If the reins had given way one horse, who was 'away back' at the finish, would probably have won. An angry and disappointed backer expressed bis opinion thus — The stewards ought to wipe'half of them out for life,'' but the last race was quite as bad. When the 'plums are ripening,' the 'scenery-in- specting brigade' is always a numerous one, not oaly in Westralia, but also at Fleming-ton and Caulfield. Williamsbury has developed into a bit of a rogue. Yesterday in the Hurdle Race he tried hard to shirk the initial hurdle, and when he landed he swerved &o; the inside, and at the hurdle on tie crest of the hill he repeated the perform ance. At the riverside he jumped badly, and at the final night of hurdles he very nearly turned turtle. Oakley, who had the mount, handled the chestnut welL With a.lesB determined pilot Williams bury would have either jumped out of the course or came to, grief Warrior IL made amends yesterday in the Marlborough Handicap for his bad behavior at the Proclamation meeting. When the barrier ascended he jumped off with his opponents, and set sail after Froth. He got on terms in the straight, and ran over Mr. 'Firebrace's' filly in the run home. * That Tarquin is a racehorse has been demonstrated more than once. He was munh above himself when he came out for the Belgravia Handicap yesterday,, bat that made no difference. When they got in the straight the son of Neckersgat took charge, and, settling down, he ran up in his old style, no thing having a ghost of a chance with him. It is not often that one can get 6 to 1 about Tarquin in a six-furlong race but several backers got on at that price yesterday. Triumph, it will be remembered, created a surprise in TattersalTs Handi cap, run at headquarters about this time last year. He went out at long odds, and was not voted a chance. Corbett, who had the mount, rushed hi™ to the front as soon as the barrier was released, and, making every post a winning 'point, he soon spread-eagled the field and, stall ing off Blackwood, won by about a length. His bacitrs received the nice dividend of £15 Is. straight-out, and £'2 9s. for a place. Yesterday the bay geld ing was again despised, many voting him out-classed, pitted against he bofct. horses in the colony. The clever divi sion was all wrong, as the sequel pro -A. Triumph was in front with Chance as they rounded the home turn, and, ±n .th ing as strong as a lion, he stalled - il Gunbearer, and won by ,a length. His backers in the machine received .£1S 13s. straight-out and £2 *10s. for a place. Sunbeam, who ran third in the Perth Cup won by Ins-erary, got home in the Farewell Handicap at Geraldton yesterday. The old grey returned his backers a dividend of £14 3s. Australian Star started favorite at 6 to 4 yesterday in the Flying Stakes, but the two-year-old Henley scored an easy victory, Mr. Gollans 2,600-guinea purchase failing to get a place. Old ? Wait-a-Bit was among the starters, but he, too, was beaten out of a place. The time, lmin. 32Jsec., was slow. The V.R.C. \was again unlucky in the weather, yesterday. A strong southerly wind, with showers of rainj blew all the afternoon, and made matters very un comfortable for the visitors. The W.A.T.C. committee yesterday called upon the owner of Willie to ex plain that horse's running in the Stew ards' Mile. The explanation was con sidered satisfactory. A good many of -those who witnessed the race were not at all satisfied; in fact, hard things were said. Th-a running yesterday, in both the Cup and the Stewards' Mile, was very unsatisfactory, and the ques tion was asked — 'Will the committee take action ¥' The Wilsons' luck has come all at once. Yesterday one of their represen ;atives, Nitre, a daughter of Off Color ind the Musket mare Mitrailleuse, won the Oaks— the father and son thus land ing the treble, the Derby, Cup, and Oaks — a: feat which James Wilson, sen., ? accomplished in 1876 with Briseis. Off Color has not been a success at the stud, and yet he was a good horse. His best performance was in running second ia the Champion Stakes to Le Grand, beat ing. Commotion, Navigator, Sting, and Martini-Henry. - Parthian, who wenifc out at 10 to 1 iu theCarnival Handicap at Flemington yesterday, scored a. rather easy win from Scorn, Benedict, and others. Ballistite, to some extent, compensa : ted. the Hickenbotham paifty yesterday for his defeat in the two Cups by win ning the Veteran Stakes from Flodden, Lee-Metford, and others. Carbine's son, however, just got there, Flodden being only half a head away when the judge's box was passed. Mr. Wallace, of the Off Chance mine, a* Mulline, drew Waita-Bit in 'W.A. Tattersail's' big consultation on the Meliiourafi Cup. Mr. H. Bromley, 'Tattersall's' representative in Men. zies, drove out to Mulline on Monday to- acquaint Mr. Wallace with his good fortune in haying drawn a first favorite. The lucky drawer went into- Menzies ? -the' ' nest .- morning to ? 4ay off a, couple df ' . thousand/ ' Unfor \'.&B4;^40t:lJpi;.&iei; wires w^p inter -. rupted, and he was unable to open ae \- jraSatiowS wStfc^eHfc m*kne. Abb re suit he has probably lost a couple of hundred pounds. He, succeeded in hedging, however, arid is altogether a winner of about £80. Mr. J. A. M'Donald (of Victoria) has patented an invention for the display of | the numbers of placed horses alter a race. Bt consists of a pole fixed inside the judge's box, and extending through th.' roof to a required height. A tri angular blockr runs up and down the pole by means of a pulley. When the block is down the number plates can be easily and quickly placed on it, and hoisted up to the top. The plates are made of block tin, and are of a triangu lar shaoe, the three faces on each plate showing the sanie numtber, thus en ablimr persons on. either of the stands or the flat to see them distinctly at the same time. When the numbers are up .there is no obstruction whatever, such as framework, etc, to prevent their being seen at a first glance. The inven tion has been submitted ito the V.A.T.C. committee, and Mr. M'Donald also in tends to offer it to the V.R.C. authori ties. 