THE RUTHERGLEM HIGHWAY ROBBERY. v ABREST OF A SUSPECT. (pbom oub own correspondent.) Melbourne, Thursday. A man whose name is supposed to he Negus waa arretted to-day by Sub-in spector Sainabury on suspicion of being connected with the perpetration of the Rutberglen Robbery, and the arrest of another is hourly expected. Tho man in custody has been identified as tho person who called at Speucer-street station for two gladstono bags sent from Wnhunyab, addressed to Slayer and Death at the Hospital.— Mrs. Tracy wife of Mr. T. Tracy, of Gorowa, died at tlio hospital on Tuesday night, after a protracted illness. She leaves six children to mourn their 'loss. Tbe fnncral took place on Wednesday afternoon, when tbe remains were interred in the new cem etery, tbe service nt the grave being con ducted by the Rev. Father Hickejr. Mr. Oliaa. Olaylon was the uodortaker. Corowa Fabmkuh' and Sbttlerh' As sociation.— A meeting of the committee was held yesterday afternoon for the pur pose of dealing with a large amount of correspondence which hu accumulated since lost monthly meeting of member, firincioal among which were letters deal- ng with the ,rbags-in" question, (he in crease of rabbits in tho district, the necessity of providing storage shodi for wheat at the Gorowa railway station, and a proposal to approach the Council of the Agricultural Society with a request that the use of the sheep sheds in the Show grounds be made available to district tanners for wheat storing. A full report of the proceeding will appear in next Usus. Jury Lmt.— A bench of megistrates ut at tbe Corowa court honso on Wed nesday and roviiicd and passed the jury list for thcr district. Found Dead at Lowesdale.— A man whose name ii'said lo be Henry Kvsns, a cook, was found dead at Loweidale on Tuesday morning. An inquest will beheld. Excursion to 8vdney.— The Railway Oomraitsionera notify that on. 23rd Dec. cheap excursion ticket will be ituned to Sydnoy by ordinary train leaving Gorowa at 12,45 p.m. Full particulars see hand bills. Wheat Storaok.— Messrs. Harrison, Joae, and Devlin. Ltd., tbo welt-known Sydney firm, mnke an important an nouncement (n our advertising columns this morning with regard to fres storugo of wheat, Ckbmtmam Display.— Mr. G. Portia is making special arrangemonta for the Christmu season. Ho nu jmt opened ' a choico selection of goods of every des cription, saitable for the festive season, ; which be found enumerated in our business announcements. Illness op Mr. Fred. IIose.— During the week Mr. Fred. Hose, son of the Rev. W/G. Hose, was brought into the Vicar- are from Messrs. Graham Bros. Norong Farm, of which he is manager, suffering from a complication ofoheat and bronchial' troubles following on nn attack of in fluenza, which in tliU busy season he wns uiauip to irefti properly, nc nuw much better and will bo ablo to resume duty So a day or two. Kicked by a Horse.— A boy named Seymour was brought tato Corowa yester day from 8t. Bernard farm, which hi father manage for Mr. W. if. Hudson, suiToriog from a severe lacerated wound on the left eye. He wu takeo to Dr. ChenhaU's surgery, where Ins injuries were attended to. The wonnd wu received while driving io a gig. The hone needed aa application of the whip and the boy leaned over to administer it. The atriiue! immediately kicked out over the dull-board and struck tho boy in the head. Patriotic Fund.— It ia to be honed that Corowa will take some steps donng the coining week to form a branch of the Patriotic FanJ. which is intended to afford relief to the families of thoso who hivt been ssat for octivo service to South Africa. Kvervoae should be able to con tribute aomstning toward so laudable an object. It ia not only a good way of showing loyalty to th Empire, but a means of sxliiuiting practiral sympathy with thosa who have risked their lives and fortunes by taking up arms in tlio Empire's cause. Corowa Dramatic Club.— On Friday, 22nd inst, the locul Dramatic Club will give their second and final performance for the season, in the School ot Arts, when the mythological comedy, "Pygmalion and Galatea ; or, the Living Statue," will be - presetted. This will be followed by a very laughable farce, entitled " The Spectre llrridegroom ; or, a Ghost in spite or Himself." The member have been engaged for aome timo in rehearsal, and as the proceed are In aid of tho funda of the School of Arts, there ia no doubt that success will attcod their effort. Full particulars are given elsewhere. St. Makv'h School.— The usual break- ing-up concert in connection with St. Mary's R. G. School la advertised to take place In the schoolroom on Wednesday, 20th inst., und promises to be a most succesful and enjoyable function. For some time put the alsteni havo been busy preparing the pupils, and u a re sult a first-claw programme will be sub mitted. Tho scholars also take a keen inlmitt In lliU annual avanl. ami «m IoqUok forw.ril lo tlio evening of thn 20th with n marked degree of plenum. ooiutetvka.— The nttenlion ot suhi- cribere— nhii ailverliior. partieiilirly— i. directed to > notice in another colntun announcing the holiday arrangements made in connection with the Frte. Preu. Thero will be no iuuel on Tuesday, 261I1 December or Tueidiy, 2nd J.nuery, and ndreriiaer. would do .well to bear this fact in mind. A. proriously stated we will psbiiih an attroctiro Christina. . aupplem.nt on lite 22nd inst., nod with the following Isailo, which will h. on thn 29th inat., wn will .end out our sheet cnlendu for 1900. . A CUnihk Dippeuenoe.— On Monday evening two don— ono n Newfoundland owning th. noble n.mo of Neliun, a prominent figure ot tho Globe Hotel, and tit. other a greyhound— got ploying at Boeni nnd British on tho uph.lt in front of the hoteL Notion apparently pl.yiog tho rote oftbe Isticr Id n moot dignified and determined manner. Hi. adversary had evidently adopted Boer tactics— hut it ia net atatedl whether it used the white flag or set— and the larger dog brought ilia forcea to bear in n maat eccentric manner, for Instead of blowing out tho aiiDiuy til euarge isuucu id air. wauy. Marshall's leg, and mere injuries were . inflicted, An ambulance waa speedily in attendascs ; nnd under medical advice, ' tho woundod non-combatant should soon recover. „ The PnmoxEiu Ootdhbak in Ruiheeolen.— Mr. Campbell, of the Department of Agriculture and Mines is now is Corowa In response to tho request of the Vina and Fruit.growera' Associa tion that tn officer should bo not from Sydnoy, to .nqnire into the , all.god dnngor of introducing phylloxera- from -1 the Buthergion district by the i ui porta- tion of fruits. In connection witn tho outbreak it will be learned with oome couitera.lion that n leading expert in one of th. colonies has given it an hi. opinion that thn diarneo has acquired auch n firm hold that the vino industry in Bntliorglen will bo almost non- oiiatsnt in from seven to ten yean. We give pub- . licit, to this opinion in thn hopo that its fulfilment may bo averted by the adaption of mora vigorous means of stamping out tho pest thin hnv. hitherto been adapted. Death pbom TvrnoiD Fbvee.— On Wednesday morning, about 4 o'clock; Mrs A. M'Mi lao, a well knows. and- highly raniccted resident of Wnhglinyah, Hoipilnl.- DeCMaed hod been ailing for over fortnight, .hut her friends and ralaiires were not.prepared for th.-ead termination.- She wu admitted to, the institution Just week prior to her drath'. ' the daughter. of Mr. and Mrs. J. Hukina, of Wangunyah, wu 42 years of age, tad leavea a husband and Ima family of young children to mount thoirloss. Mr.M'Milllio.who is employed beyond Quick postal facllitiu, wu not aware of nil wife's aeriou condition till Tuesday iftontoon, nnd wu in tho snddlp - tor nearly 19 hours, only to arrive in time to attend the funeral. The remains worn, interred in the Oerlyle coraetery, Mr. 0. Olaylon having charge of the funeral arrangements, and the Iter. T. H. Jimes, Congregational Miniiter,. reading thn burial service at the gmvuide. FAUN(t'n'OUKI8TUAB ANNUAL — Wo' hnv. received i copy of Paling! Christ- 1 mu Annual for 1999 (No. 20). In tlio llat of contents will ho noticed several well-lmown songs. "Oomo Into the Oar- don Mnud, Sim Beeves' great favorite, . Jfif" Id!' song, " Barney ffHci,'' Hullth'n 'tlirco Hibora Went Sailinol" An Ola Br Locfast," by lltrry Dcre. th. composer of "D.ioy B.II," " Whllo Lo»io»« Past Asleep,' &c.; " Deep in the Hose's Glowing Heart," by E. Novin, 'ho equiaito trifle "Nnroia- aus, NotAuItevoir, but Twu Uond- bye," by the com|K»er of "What Might Have Been, 'A Story ovor Swret lud Tnie, scooinnnioneongto"Tha Sweet- Q ' Told, "Beneath, the Jack.. The anottal utio contains the do scriphvo song, "The Pardon that Camo Too Late ; sen sonei, "The Ship Hint Carried Mo Home," and "Lowlands," vory Buitnble for boating anil camping E"r icf- The coon song, "Cany Mi Buck to Old Vlrg uis," "Town and Vil lage," which would uitku an admirablo oncore song," Tho Collngo Where I Wu Born," na sung by Brule Darii : the ovrrgreen comfe. "Tho Irish 'Jubilee," - " Federation Walla," by Emil Victor, 