'A BUNCH OF ROWANS.' (•Original Story, written for the Caledonian Society's Competition.) By "BED ROWANS.1 PAST I. The evening's breezes rustled down trie steep slopes of Ben Lomond; it sobbed among the tall wild oats that lined the winding lanes, and wandered over the gar den at "The Rowans, rich with the stem; of the autumn heather. Margaret Gordon drew deep breaths of its sweetness, for Margaret Gordon loved the scent of the heather, loved the warm, hillsides which it clothed so regally. loved, too, the little sobbing breezes that came at sunset to whisper to her, living her quiet life in her peaceful home within the shadow of the beautiful mountains. The setting sun slipped shyly behind the bold shoulder of the hill, and sent long •waving lines of gold athwart the blue of the evening sky, gilding the dainty white cloudlets that hovered near to watch its glorious promise-—the promise of a bright to-morrow. , Margaret Gordon lifted her face and the soft pink shadows fell upon it lovingly. The glory faded, and still twilight fell upon the rugged heights and shady hollows. She sighed, a deep, soft sigh, born of the sad ness of a dying day; born, too, of a sudden tide of memories, dim ghosts of long dead sunsets, of unkept golden promises, of trea sured ''might have beens."^ , Sudden footsteps broke the stillness and a voice called down the shadowy pathway, "Miss Marget, ye'll tak' ye daith! an here's a letter til ye." The spell was broken, and rousing from her reverie, Miss Marget passed up the gravelled path to the great hall door, where Jean, her old servant, stood await ing her. Jean, "Auld Jean," as the neighbors called her, was Miss Marget's housekeeper and guardian all in one. She had lived in the old house since she was but 13 years of age and now she could count 60, and her Miss Marget had long passed her fortieth year. They were the last of the old happy household. They two had re mained in the old home while one by one the bairns grew up and drifted out into the great world. Death came and claimed others, and soon the old house stood empty save for the two woman souls, who stood between the old life and the newer, wider one that lay beyond life's setting sun. Jean was a dour menseful Scotswoman, soft enough at heart, but proud of the old Scotch pride that even kept a firm hand on the weaker womanliness of her nature. A born housewife, too, was Jean, a true Scot for cleanliness, as the lass who came from the farm across the valley to lighten- the work for Jean's growing years soon found. Margaret Gordon had about her the quaint sweetness so suggestive of old ro mance that clings about the petals of a withered rose which we find in the pages •of an old, old book. She dressed herself invariably in grey, and no other color could have harmonised so inimitably with the gentle sweetness and quiet peace that char acterised her. Her face bore the stamp of sorrow; no one could look in her dreamy grey eyes without feeling that under her quiet grace lay a sealed but unforgotben story, and even so it was. Margaret Gor don had been young once and had fought a life struggle that .few guessed at, and of Which no one had ever heard the story. Letters were rare in that quiet house, and Miss Gordon stood in the light of the great lamp in the rose-scented parlor, and looked irresolutely at this one. Jean, with an old servant's privilege, had followed, and stood waiting for 'the news with all the impatience of one who strongly dis approves of such dilatoriness. A restless move from Jean, accompanied by an em phatic "H'm," startled Miss Gordon from her conjectures, and calling home her wan dering thoughts she broke the seal and opened the letter. Silence settled down upon the two. Jean waited, unwilling to forego her woman's curiosity, but with a tormenting conscious ness of the dainty tea service 'awaiting her attention on the kitchen table. No one 'but Jean, or, it might be, Miss Gordon her self, might handle the delicate old china which her mistress set such store by, and at last Jean reluctantly quitted her mis tress's presence, • and presently her voice might have been heard echoing from the dooiway of the great old-fashioned kitchen as she called Lisbeth, the lass, who linger ed over "late at her milking in the byre. Quick, light steps came down the passage that led to Jean's especial domain, and a moment later Miss Gordon, breathless, white, and tearful, stood upon the worn flags of its floor. "Jean, oh, Jean!" she gasped out. "Havers!" said auld Jean sourly. Jean did not hold with emotional ways. Miss Gordon sat-down on the broad oak settle and recovered her breath. "Jeanie, ma wvrman," she said solemnly; "Jean, ma sister Ros'in's deid." "Hech, sirs!" cried Jean, and lifted her hands in shocked amazement. "Ay, 'but," proceeded Miss Gordon, "there's a bairn, a wee bit lassie an' Ros'lin's left 'her til me, an' Guid kens what's tae-become of the puir ehiel. She'll hae tae come tae the Rowans, Jean, I'm thinkin', puir wee lassie," and 'the tears flowed afresh down her face. "A bairn? A lass bairn, is't?" came from Jean, and then, overwhelmed, she sat down in her great old chair and gazed in silence at Miss Marget. But, as I have said before, Jean MacAlis ter was a woman of action, and despite many uneasy visions of wild untamable "gomerils," and one long sigh for the de parting days of peace, Jean rose valiantly to the occasion. Rosalind Gordon had been some 10 years younger than her sister. Their mother had died when she was but a tiny baby, and Margaret bad acted the part of a mother to the delicate child from that time until many years back, she had left the Rowans to become the wife of Alan MacRae. Since then her home had been in India, and Margaret had heard but little of "bonnie Ros'lin," as the ser vants had called her. "Hoo auld's the bairn?" demanded Jean. "Fifteen, nigh fifteen," said Miss Gordon, regaining her English and her self- possession at the same time. "When's she comin'?" was Jean's next query. "The 18th," said Miss Gordon, consult ing her letter, "Why, Jean, 'tis but three days, and tne steamer will be at Glasgow. I'll have to go to meet her. • Poor Ros'lin, poor Ros'lin," she went on. "Jean, we must do our best for the bairn; she'll miss her mother full sairly." . And so it was that .some seven days later a somewhat ancient-looking fly drew up at the gate of the Rowans and de posited Miss Gordon and a small and very fragile little piece of humanity. Next morning Alison MacRae awoke in a new and a very strange world. It was late, and the quiet house was all astir. Ailie stood at her window and-looked out across the garden to the heather and gorse-cl-ad slopes of -the mountains. It was all very different from her Indian home; very different, -too, from the vast world of waters on which the morning had dawn ed for her on the homeward journey, diffe rent from anything she had ever seen or dreamed of, hut very, very beautiful and solemn, and somehow very restful. Ailie drew -a deep breath of contentment and turned to find her way downstairs. Miss Gordon and breakfast awaited her in the large old-fashioned dining-room. Ailie's eyes, wandered over the heavy quaintly-caryen oak furniture; she came and stood silently beside her aunt's chair. "Why, Ailie," said Miss 'Gordon in sur prise, for the girl's eyes were brimming with tears. 'What, is it, bairn-?" she asked kindly. _ . "Oh," said Ailie, with1 quivering lips, "it's really mother's home, and it makes me feel so near to -her somehow." Miss Gordon rose and placed- her gently in her seat. "Breakfast now. Ailie, said she, "and by-and-bye you shall see mo ther's ain garden." Jean came into the room with the -morn ing coffee. She stole one look at the droop ed face, with its crown of rich, curling, dark hair. Wonderful hair had Ailie. Al most too heavy and thick it seemed- for her little pale face. "She's no like til her mither," said auld Jean -to herself. "Miss Ros'lin was bonny." Ailie lifted her sleepy-looking white lids and looked . straight into auld Jean's twinkling grey eyes.. "Ma certes," said auld Jean, under her breath- and went out softly. When she got back into her kitchen she sat her down in the old oaken chair. "Hech, sirs," said she, "but the lassie's unco bonnie." * For Ailie had turned upon Jean the battery of a most glorious pair of eyes, blue as July's own sapphire skies, and stern-faced, canny Jean bad hauled down her flag and succumbed without a minute's figllt.. ; .... Life at the _ Rowans went on in much the same staid, dignified fashion, despite old Jean s doleful prognostications. Ailie lived through the first few weeks in a kind of dream. Lisbeth, ■ the serving lass, sue-, cumbed early to, Ailie's winning blue eyes, and was only too pleased to be followed from byre'to dairy, from dairy to kitchen upstairs and down, by a wide-eyed wonder , ing lassie. ; , ' / Ailie would curl herself up on the oaken settle- and'hold Jean and Lisbeth, spell bound in horror _ and curiosity with her : quaintly-told stories of her old life. Espe cially did Jean love to throw up protest ing hands," with a disdainful "Lord pre serves," when naughty Ailie, in the most . innocent way, told, strange tales of lier dark-skinned ayahs and the servants in her , Indian home. -Days there were, glorious to Ailie, when she and Miss Gordon wandered far away up the heather-clad hills,' or followed for many a mile the course of the winding •burn, -eating their lundh in some ferny , hollow or beneath the shadow of a grey ' lichen-covered boulder; and one never-to be-forgotten morning, too, there was, when Ailie stood at-her window breathless and , .wonder-stricken, for while she laya-dream ' 5ng the great world outside, all clad in rus set-brown and grey and green, was chang ed, and Ailie rushed downstairs to cry, VOb, auntie, the snow, the snow!'' • Then 'there were long mornings when lessons had to be learnt and Annt Mar garet and Ailie sat in thelittle sitting-room, while Ailie studied, her French and busied herself with her music and drawing, and all the 'While the grand old snow king held high revels outside, whirling the feathery \- snow round sharp corners, -paling i't up in i the angles of the old house and mocking Aiilie's serious little face through the big glass doors.. . But best of all'tAilie loved the long twi ' light hours when she and gentle Margaret Gordon sat on the 'twisted seat beneath -the old' rowan 'trees which gave the iplaee its 'name. -' • — . . It was not-often'Ailie coaxed in 'vain- for a story, and Miss Gordon's dreamy grey eyes grew-deeper and brighter as she wove for -the eager-childish pleader bright webs of romance, stories of Gordons dead and gone, of soldier chiefs who had ridden ; away through the winding glens to' lay ■ down their lives for their king and land. ' There was gallant Wat Gordon, o' Loch ' invar, who won. 'his fair bride so featly. He was but.a distant 'kinsman, but he was a Gordon, and Ailie was proud- of 'him. Of all the stories of love and. war this was her favorite, and Margaret Gordon never tired of watching the changing^ lights on the tender little'face as she -listened to this story, or as she pictured to her .brave William Gordon and- his five braw laddies riding away to fight for Bonnie Prince Charlie. Ailie's eyes would grow dim an'd tender while Aunt Margaret's low voice itold -how fair Anne Gordon waited at home for word of her stalwart lord and 'manly sons; waited until her golden hair, was grey and her old 'heart broke; told, too, of bow old Scotland's heroes died on hillside and lowland for king,-for country, and religion; of England's shame, of Scot Hand's clinging to -her covenant; of later days, when the bands of Scot and South ron were. clasped in amity, and- the old feuds buried, but not forgotten. ^ (To be continued.) .niJi 