THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN IN ENGLAND. (Bv the 'REFliKEE' SPECIAL with the Team.) LONDON, June. 29. At Leicester. DrlMlinc; rain prevented play on tho first day, causing the wicket, wldch is the name color as tint at Sydney, to bboome a good deal on tlie slow aide. But it was far from being sticky. As a matter of fact, though tho ball could bo .turned at times considerably, it was .111 easy wicket to bat on. It is amushre to read tlio c.\xusc3 put for ward in. the. spoiling Press of thta country for any misfortune that may bciall Encjtoh cnetotcrs. It the Australians bat first the pitch is always easy, ami Docomoi exceedingly umitun um;. »,,- ....»._.. roller lias been on it for ten minutes— when it is the Brititficrs' turn to operate. And vice versa when the Englishmen hive firet tend. Talk about tlio Australian Press I Gregory performed like on artist for Ills 00 not out. He watched Uie ball as a cat eves a mousa, and was exceptionally clever in scoring to the fin-side. Worrall also re velled in tlie wicket, and was hitting mill greit power when, in response to a call by Darling, he wns nm out for 17. Geeson, who certainly lias a doubtful delivery, and bowled with a big off b'rcuk, was tho most dimeult and successful bcwlor, his nix wickets costing only Co runs out of a toul of 104. Leicester performed only nrodpralo'y In making 03, notwithstanding Trumble's bowling splendidly. Do Tmllord's 22 was a bright innings. In his moderate score were five fours, all clinking good On the last day the wicket rolled out perfectly, being as true as the Association Ground at Syd ney though scarcely quite ns fast. Tlie Austra lians had a useful lead of Oil, and the order was to waste no time ; for, if sufficient runs wore ob tained by lunch-time, the innings « to be closed. rarlliifr and WorraUwcre Hie pioneers, and the latter got off tho mark a,t once, lie give a fine oll-romid exhibition of forcing cricket, cutting with fine effect and driving. brilliantly. He made tivo tremendous drives clean out of the ground for six each, whilst hU off lilts, over mid-oil and cover's heads, wero heautifully tijned. Though he slackened of! towards the finish, Worro.ll com pleted his 100 in five minntes under the two hours. Noble, as usual, played solidly for 33, nnd Jones hit with tremendous power and effect, and wan only batting eleven minutes for his 20 net out. In an hour and 55min. 177 were registered, and the innings' was then declared closed. Punctually to time the Leicester men came out to do battle, It being problcmsjUcd.1 whether they wore going for tho runs and vlotory or for a draw. WMtcvcr tholr intention, mny have been, it was upset by Noble's extraordinary bawling, backed up by Jones' terrific pace. Noble mads the ball *. perform extraordinary capom in tho air, swerving right away from the batsmen, and re peatedly coming book after pitching. The team fielded like tigers, and visions of a record wera homing in the near, distance wticn seven men were out for only four runs. But it was not to be, as the enormous score of 23 was ultimately amasicd. Never hag a oide been so completely at sea on a' Rood wieket. Tho Australians' score be fore lnnoh is quite sufficient evidence as to the state of the wicket. Noble is nenv in grand form with both bat and ball, and his bowling recently las Strengthened the side considerably. He got seven for 15. and is George Gifien's succrssor, and at. the present time lion no euporior in the world as. an all-round cricketer. Jones also bowird finely, arid with all his old speed and venom. He took three for 5. ? ? ? ? Derbyshire Hatch, ? ? ? ? Three Centuries. The Australians arc improving their record ; they gave their litest victims an overwhelming dnfeM. Darbjahlre got 123. Konward made his 48 fairly well, and w.m finely caught at cover by M'I.eod. The bowlers all performed creditably, Noble (four, for 42) swerving greatly. In the batting line, the Australians were out for mm.: Dnrlinr, for luck, changed places with Trumbie, «nd bath were satisfied that they hid at lust struck their right rcositions. Trumble's display for 100 was faultless, free, and graceful, there being .great power in his off ulrokcs. He made his runs In two hours. Noble w.-.s five hours making his great score of ISO. Hit should have been caught when 28, at point, but that was his only blemish. In fact, birring the stroke which caused his downfall, it \vas the tmly 'time' lut -' lifted 'tl» ball. Darling at last got going, and was batting 2] hours for 134 not out, but was missed hchind the w(cket at 20. He msdo one beautiful straight drivo over tho bowlor!» head for 6. ' , .Tones, who should have been caught just after lUrtiDg, hit with tremendous force, lie cat Mil danced like aa artist, and was batting -lOmia. ' ior liis 55. The innings realised 655. i Derbyshire did very little better in their second ? attempt, SPLcod and Laver ueing the responsible i oppositionists. Both howled really well, JI'Leod ' taking six for 80 and Layer tlucc for 45. Jones, : Trumble, and Noble were renting for the Test match, to be started on the following day. Toward the close_ of the second day, Johns, ; when butUug, strained the sinews oi Ills right , thigh. Tiie Australians had a quarter of an hour ? in the field, Worrall manipulating the gloves in 1 his place. I illicit mcuHon that both Wright (35) ond Storer (64 not out) playod capitally. i ? ? ? ? ' The Third Test Hatch. j It rained very heavily during Uie night pro. ? vious to the great contest at Leeds, causing th« ; wicket to become slow and easy. Tlie English - tesm was not finally chosen until after D.irlins ' and Macloren had tossed. On tile Australian cap, j tain informing Maclarcn oi his intention to bat, ?' Briggs was put in the team. If it had been dry Richardson would have been figuring on ths English side, and Hrockwell wouid have been in ' were it not tint he suffered from a damaged ? finger. Tyldesley was made twelfth man; he \r;\ a smart field. There was a great crowd present-. ;j a ' one-sided crowd, too. .Most crowds are, I ; suppose, a bit inclined tliat way. However, ' Hrookwell said, 'We get better treatment in Au* ' trails.'' When tlie Englishmen mint out to ' practice ' they were vociferously cheered. But i when the Australians marched to the wickets ia ? turn there wjs .1 dead silence. '. Clem Hill has been suffering trcm a nasal ,| growth, and will undergo an operation. But h( .j made up his mind to play in this Test drat. 1 Though the Australians' performance was rot ' j nn excellent one, luck wu3 a little against them. '! Noble, who is in such great form at the present ?! time, was run out. While It was his o-.ra fiult, ' j it 'was a rational calamitj-. '! The tlirce best performers were Worrall (70), j Hill (31), and Trunlble (20 not out), tlie on!/ other double being Trumper, with a dozen. Wor j rail has never played a liner innings in1 liis lifo. i He revelled in the wicket, and lilt magnitlccntlr i and with great judgment. Ho made Uie tlrj 24, 35 out of 30, 51 out of 02, and 70 out of IB. He. hit fourteen 4's, and three of them woulj i have counted as llvcra at home, lie was batting , ah hour and a half, and gave not the ghost of - ' clianco. lie was suffering greatly from Ui» strained .muscles of his knee, and asked Clera not to nm any short ones. But Clem is so full ' of life that he forgot about the cripple. IU11 n riot at Us best, and was missed oU Briggs in 'tho slips by Hearne when only 3. Toll is tho third time that Young has got him. Clem ' admits he is in tho left- hander's debt, but hope! to pay it with 'interest before returning home. There is no man in tho team that can bo depended ? upon' more than Tnimble. He i3 very solid. ?' Young, who is, as you know, a left-hander, bowle.1 ' by -lor tho best, taking four for 30. The Hritishorl ? have-not doiie much better, Noblo and Tmmbls bowling, like Trojans. Qu.iife, who is mnallM ?' than Gregory, and a stonewa]ler, was mia^d ill the slips off Ilowell just before the drawing ol stumps. Alick Banncnnan would b» considered in the light of a mighty sniper beside him. ? Mnolarcn, who got 0, was had in tlie pace by Trumble; and ltanjitsinhji was well caught liy ', Worrall at 'mld-off ior 11; he got fair on to Iha i ball. Dr. Lover, a brother of Frank, presented each member of the. team witli a beautiful gold mnteh box on the eve of his departure lor Australia. II 1 is made of West Australian gold, from lib own . mine. 