The Secret of Monks wood Waste. CHAPTER XXIII. THE SBOBET OP MONKSWOOD WAS'J'K. Tho pretty widow at Chndloigli Chaso, besides tlio virtues o£ beauty, elegance, and grace, liad tlio additional virtue ot being a constant attendant at diyino worship. Twico every Sunday, ram or sume, you saw hor in the baronet's groat carved, and cushionod, and curtained^ pow, lier largo, tender, dark eyes raised with killing execu tion to the preacher's face, and the dimpled chin and rose- bloomed checks framed in somo exquisite gem of a Parisian bonnet. Sho was vory dovout, and carried a book of Common Prayer, aud prayed for tho queen and royal family, and ' us miserable sinnors, with an unction good to hear. Sho was not only very dovout horsolf, but tho cause of devotion in othors ; for, besides half a dozen boarded adorers, who followed their dovo-eyod divinity to church, morning and afternoon, sho insisted on fotching Gwen doline, willy-nilly. Sir Rupert laughed sar donically, and issued a paternal bull that his daughtor was to obey. ' I don't suppose it will do hor any good, tko old disciple of Voltaire said, grimly. ' She'll criticiso tho bonnets, and mako oyea nt thoso follows from tho Spockhaven Bar racks, or fall asloop ovor tlio sorrnon ; but tako hor Avith you, liy all means, my dear madamo. Going to church on Sunday gives an air of respectability to week-day sins, and 1 don't want her at homo.' Gwendoline did criticiso tho bonnets, and ' make eyes' at tho follows from Speckhavon Barracks, I regrot to say ; and, if sho didn't fall nsloep during tho Bermon, fidgeted and yawnod fearfully in tho.roctor's faco, But sometimes — oh, blissful times ! — Lieu- tenant Dobbs swarmed up tho aislo in mufti, ?with thoso soul-inspiring wliiskors and heavenly oyos of hiB ; and tho damp, stuffy old church turned suddenly to paradise, und Gwondolino to ono of tho peris. Thoy rather poked fun at tlio lioutonanl, and his fair girlish face — his brother officers. Thoy called him ' Postcript Dobbs,' in sarcastic allusion to his initials, and mado sardonic inquiries as to whothor Miss Chud leigh had proposed yot, suggesting that lio had bettor writo homo to Mamma Dobbs to como and protect hor helpless kimbkin, and demand Miss O.'s intentions. Thoy woro rather clumsy and ponderous — thcBO mess-room jokes — liko tho jokors thom boIvos — big, florid-fneed, gingor-whiskorod, slashing, dashing, fox-hunting follows, hard riders, hard drinkers, hard Bwearors, and who would havo called an arch-angel names. Among tho train of devotees whom that fair sunt, Mrs. Ingram, drew to oliuroh, may bo montionod Oolonol Trovauion. . ' On the day following that littlo horsewhip ping scene, tho protty widow floating up tho aislo and into tho big stato pow, burying her faco in a perfumed cobweb of laco liandkor chiof, saw yet vory distinctly Cyril Trovanion watching her with burning eyes from his placo in the chanool. Sho was alono this Sunday. Sir Rupert was in London, and Gwondolino had oponly mutinied. Pluntiigenet would not bo tlioro. ,,'i'jfo, I won't go I' Gwon said, tossing saucily hor rod-brown curls ; ' I don't pre tend to bo a Christian on Sunday, and horso whip poor dofenculesB sorvant-boys on Satur day. You may go to churoh, and pray for forgivoneBS — I daro Bay you nood it — but I will Btay at homo. , It was tho first timo hor pupil had oponly rebolled. Tho widow grow palo with angor. ..J1 Miss Cliudloigh, how daro you?' You forgot yourself. I Bliall vopoat this insoloncQ to your fatlior. -J know you will,' Gwon vetortod, with a Booond toss ;' and moro, too, if nocossary. I've got a littlo story for him also— that nharminor sccno whore tho .ologunt Mrs, Ingram horsewhips , poor Joo Dawson. I'll W5k,Mr.,MaoErpgorit'o,mako a skotoh of it for ,mo, and I'll hang it up in my room,and rolato tlio advonturo to all yoitrnuinorous ndmirors.'' ' You importinont — ' tho widow mado as,, ?though to box hor audaoiouii pupil's oars, buti Miss Chudloigli drow horBolf euddenly up,, ?\yith flashing bluo oyos. , , _ j . , Don't you lay a fingor on mb, Mrs.; Ingram ! T am Sir lluport Cliudloigh's' daughtor and hoiross 1 You nra—what aro you, Mrs. Ingram! I wonder if that poor «Too''Duwbou knows ?' Mrs. Ingrain Btood white to tho lips with intonso rngo, yot poworloBS boforo this imperti nent little girl. ' You sing quito a now tnno of lato, Miss ? Ohtidleigh,' slio said, with a snoar^ ' It is woll to niivo good blood in one's veins, even on tho fathers side. Or has tho lieutenant, .Mioliaol paBsio, tho groat Dobbs, proposed ; 'and are you and ho'about to make a moonlight fitting of it P How delighted Sir Ruport will »bo to find tlio Tallow Gandlo of tho haughty 'Dobbs Hcldocl to tho Chndloigli quartorings.' With which parting shot Mrs. Ingram, who let very fow pooplo ovor got; tho bettor of hor, swopt away to oliuroh alono, And whon '.aorvioo . was , ovor, , slio found horsolf sur -ronntlod by a, littlo throng of.ctavoted admirora ?in tlio porch, Sho had a Bmilo, and a word, nmtanocl,prii touch of tho exquisitely kiddod hand for all, and, as sho looked into tho haggard \faoo aud blood-Hliofc . oyos of Cyril Trovanion, '^ho prossed ifito liifl.pal m w tiny., note, As sho : driWo away in tho dainty littlo phaeton, with its high- stoppinpf ponios, sho lu'oliad hor Blon der oyobrows with a half-pitying, ImIf-con« iemptmous swilo. 'Poor wretch! how drearily miserable he does look, and how absurdly he iB infatuated with me. Thank Heaven, I have nover known what love meant since I was a moon-struck girl of fifteen, A love-sick woman is, of all the sickening idiots upon earth, the most sickening, cxcejit a love-struck man, and he is worse. Why do men- — magnificent fellows that thoy can be, a littlo lower than the gods, great in war, great in the sonato, with the world and all its glories at their feet— why do they ovor stoop to lose their heads for such dots of things as we? Bah! tlio best of us aro cosmetiqucd and crinolined babies of a tailor growth, with souls no liiglior than our ringlets and ribbons, and brains just strong enough to tear each other's reputations and bonnets to tatters without mercy. _ imbeciles make always tho most tyrannically brutal taskmasters ; that is why, I dare say, one woman never knows mercy to another. Tho mon will say ' Poor dovil, she's to be pitied, too. But we — oh, Heaven help tho poor victim left to the tender morcies of her own sex !'' Tho note which Mrs. Ingram liad loft in tho hand of hor haggard worshipper bore noithor date nor signature, and was written in a feigned hand. Don't, como here to-day, ? Ba'at the entrauoe. of the deer-park to-morrow night, at half-past nine. Have a pony-ohaiae in waiting, and fetch a dark lantern. Destroy this. Cyril Trovanion road and obeyed. Ho twisted tbo widow's note into a pipe-lighter, and lighted his moorschaum as he walked back to the Silver Swan. Ho had sont to Tro vanion for his luggage, and tho story was whisporod through tho town how General Trovanion's heiress and General Trovanion'B son had quarrelled and parted. Of courso, tho mon and tho women took each their own view of tbo matter, ' Served tho boggar right,' Colonel Gaunt said, at the lioad of tho moss-tablo. ' Tho follow is ns dour as the deuce — a sulky, underbred cur ! By George, sir, it speaks ill for the old blood to see it deteriorate in this manner. Tho Trovanions wore the bravest soldiers, tho most gallant gentlemen that over graced battlo-fiold or ball-room, and now, look at tho last of 'em !' ' I woiulor if thoro is such a thing as witchcraft f' a dashing young captain said. ' Trovanion used to bo one of tlio bravest aud best follows that over led a forlorn hopo or sculod a broach. By Jovo ! he was idolised in tho regiment, .and ho was tho dead-sliot and crack swordsman of tho brigade. Whnn I look at him as ho is, and think of what ho used to bo ? ' Captain Iiarcourt shrugged his shoulders, and passed the clarot. ' I always know how it would ond !' was tho fominino verdict over the post meridian Souchong, ' Sho has got his fortune, and sho throws him ovor, of courso. Sho will be presented at court noxt soaBon by Lady Lemox, and will marry a titlo and a coronet without doubt. Tho girl has no heart, and sho lias tho iirido ambition of tho Miltoniau Lucifor, or — tho ' fierce, fearloss TrovanionB.' ' Cyril Trovanion passod tlio period of pro bation as bost ho might — smoking endless cigars, strolling aimlessly about tho town, staring moodily out of tho windows, and sloeping a good deal, Ho went nowliore — ho had nowliore to go, indeed, for ho was uni vei'Hally disliked, and ho had tho pleasure of seeing his nrclionomy, Macgrogor, sauntering arm in arm, beneath his casomont, with Colonol Gaunt and young Lord Racer of the Royal Rifles. Monday night camo, chill for August, with an overcast sky and a raw, complaining .wind fresh from tho sea. As tho late dusk foil, Oolonol Trovauion rattled away from tlio Silvor Swan in a pony-carriage, tho dark lantern boneath the seat to koop tryst with tbe widow. Ho aeeurod tho ohaiso just without tho gates, and walked up to tho door-park, sliivoring slightly, partly with norvous dread, partly with cold. Physically and morally tho man was pravon to tho core; and tho weird shadows cast by tho trees, tho soughs of tho gale in the , woodland, tho soamporing of tho red door aud rabbits tli rough tho open, mado his teeth cbattor liko a hysterical girl's. Tho loud voiced olook ovor tlio stables solomnly tolled j nino as lio took his station. ' 'Half an hour to wait,' ho thought, dis contentedly ; ' aud this place is dismal as a ohurch-yard.' Ho struck a lucifor and lighted a cigar man's 'bant companion' in sorrow, in joy, in shadow and snnshino. Ho leaned against a vast old oak — a dryad patriarch— and smoked and watched tho olouds soudding wildly across tho stormy sky, aud tho dull diapason of ris ing wind and soa. ' ? 'A wild night,' tho watcher thought ; ' tho storm will bo with us boforo midnight.' What was that P A shadow flitting along in tho cloudy moonlight— a Bhadow not of door or rabbit, A thin, obld hand graapod his wrist and hold him as in a vice, lho man absolutely cried out, so unoxpooted was it, so norvous was ho, ' 'Faugh 1' said a scorning voioo — a Bilvory voice bo know, which yot had a hard, metallic ring ;* ' don't. bIiow tho white feather so soon I It is I, Cyril Trovanion, find not a ghost, as I supposo you took mo to bo. Havo you boon long waiting P' , , 1 | 'Half an hour,' sulkily. 'You might ' havo porno, sooner,' ; V 'Yos, I might havo como at midday if I ohoso, but I, didn't. Have yoa tho ohaiso and tlio dark lantern ?' 1 ; 'Yos — just outside. What do you want thom forP' ' You will want thom presontly— not I, if your — ahem ! — constitutional caution is not greater than your lovo for me, your desiro for rovongo and riohos, Tho chaise m to take you to Monlcswood Priory, and tho lantorn ib to light you on your way to tho lost will.' , 'To Monlcswood Priory to-night P'/ I Yoa s a terrible or deal, is it not P You may meet tho prior's ghost, awful nnd grim, and you'ro ««ro to bo frightonod into fits by wliolo logionH ot rats and tjootlos. I fool for you, really ; but, unfortunately, it is ' ' nothing venture nothing win.' ' ? Sho snoorod ns sho looked up in his faoo. Sho despised him thoroughly, aB all womon, good or bad, are protty Bafo to doapiao tho moat virtuous aud most loarned of mon if a ooward, As wo woro in tho days of whioh Homor sung, wo will bo to the ond of tho oliaptor blind adorors of what few of w Pobbobs— physical oburago and strongth. ' What is it I am to do ?' Oyril Trovanion Baid, stung by hor taunting {ono. ' If tlio will is to bo found, I will find it 1' ' Spoken like a man ! Lot me see you^ act like one. Tho will is hidden in tho priory, and '' — she lowered her voice to a thrilling whisper — ' tho dead body of General Trovanion with it !' Rose Ingram could feel her lover s convul sive start and recoil as sho held him thus., . ' Swear,' she hissed in liis oar — ' swear by all you hold dear on earth and sacred in heaven, to keep tho secret I am about to roveal — swear !' She shook him unconsciously, in her fierce excitement, ' I swear.' ' If you were what you protend to be — fivril Trovanion — I know, of courso, it would bo scaling my own doom to toll you this. But you are not Cyril Trovanion, and the dead man is nothing to you. The will is. Together we will find it, together we will share his wealth, together wo will enjoy our re von go. Swear !' ' I swear.' , ' Then listen.' She drow near, slipping hor hand through his arm, and speaking in a rapid, hissing whisper. ' Sybil Trovanion guessed aright when sho surmised that I knew tho secret of Monkswood Waste. I did not murder and carry oiE Gouoral Trovauion, as I think she half bolieved I' did, but ;I know, what became of him and the will — tho will; Cyril, that leaves you solo possessor of fifteon thousand a year — that boggars her !' 'Go on/' ho said, hoarsely, breathlessly j ' only tell mo where to find that will !' _ ' Lot me toll you tho story of that night,' the widow said, steadily. 'Part of it you havo already heard, How Sybil Trovanion iloft me and returned to hor chamber for tho socond timo. She gave mo a rare fright, I promise you — and I am not easily frightonod, oithor — when she appeared boforo me, on tho threshold, liko a ghost, and found mo in tho very act of stealing the swill from under the sick man's pillow. Por I was about to steal it. I hated General Trovanion'B son — novor you mind why — and if it lay in my power, ho would never inherit his father's wealth. Somo prescience told tho old man liimsolf what I was about. Ho started up in bed, grasped mo by tho wrist, nnd criod out shrilly I was about to murdor him. All this you know. I glossed tho thing ovor to hor. The old man fell back in a stupor. I persuaded Sybil to return to her room, aud I was again alone with tho dying seignour of Monlcswood, 'What I intended to do, I hardly know. To havo tlio will I was resolved ; but how to secui'o it without exciting suspicion was a puzzle. No doubt tho master I had served so long, aud who had novor yet wholly deserted mo in tbe worst omorgonoy, would havo poppod some plan into my bead beforo morn ing, had not tho old man himself saved me tho trouble. It is a marvellous pccurronco I am about to toll you ; but, though I liato to use tho haoknoyod anxious, ' truth is strangor than fiction' — a groat deal stranger, as it turned out in this case. ' Tho sick mau could not sloop ; a hauuting droad of one Boomed to liavo taken possession of him. He tossed restlessly, uttering to himself. I could catch a phraso iucoherently hore and thero, and always of mo and the will. ' Sho will murdor me,' ho said—' I saw it in hor eyes — thoso wild, wicked black oyos — and slio will tako tho will ! I am afraid of lior ! It is not safo undor my pillow..w(AncL what will Cyril say to mo when ho coraos P Hah !' — lio started up in bod suddenly — 'tlioro is tlio Prior b Coll! Sho will novor find it there I' ' His oyos woro wido open, glassy aud staring. I declare to you I thrilled all ovor with fear aa I looked at him. Ho novor saw ine, though I Btood up boforo him. Ho flung down tho bed-clothes, slowly arose, and stood beforo mo, liko a galvanized corpse, in hiB long night-gown and death- white faco. YeB, ho aroso aud stood ou his foot in his sleep — that dying man, who could not havo lifted himself in bed to savo his soul nlivo, in hia waking moments. ' Ho took tho will out from undor tho pillow, walked unsteadily ovor to tho tablo, and lifted up a candle burning thoro boside tho dim night-lamp. Ho mado no noiso; and if ho had, Oloanto and Mrs.- Tolfor slopt a great deal too soundly to bo disturbed by it. ' 1 I'll hido it in tho Prior's Cell,' ho mut tered again, 1 She will novor find it there.' 'Ho crossed tlio room, oarrying tlio candle aud tho parohmont in his loft hand, straight to tho figure of Eve. You know tho ' Adam and Eve' roam, of courso, and all that intri cate carving of tho oak. About midway between the figure of Evo aud tho wiudow thoro is a olustor of roses, in no wuy roraark ablo from tho other carvod work of tho wall&. But in tho centro roso of tins cluster lies a secret spring, whioh moves upon tho slightest touch. A pressure, of this old man's fooble fingers sufficed to sot it in motion. , 'A low, narrow door- way slid inward thore wns a ruBh of oold air that extinguished the candle, and a blaok gulf yawned boforo mo. Whoro it lod I oould not boo. ' Ho passed through, . still holding tho extinguished candle ; tho door slid bnclc, and —I was alono iu tho sick-room. Mrs. Tolfor slept and snored ; General Trevanion and tho will had disappeared in tho black gulf, and — that is all,' ? ' ( Despite hor devilish , audacity and courago, tho woman's voioo shook os sho finished hor | terrible racital.: For tho man bosido hor, hoj gave a gasping cry of utter horror. ' Good God !' ho said. ' And ho noverj oamo back P' ? | j ' Ho novor camo baok !' breathlessly— « no I' ' And you novor told' P' Cyril Trovanion convulsively loosonod his neoktio, with a strangling feeling in his throat. ' It is enough to mako ono'a hair rise 1 : My Hoavon ! what a heart of stono you havo, Edith Ingram I I oould not havo dono that,' ' No, I daro say not I' Edith Ingram retorted, scornfully. 'You don't nood to tell, mo liow far your courago would carry you. I don't soo. that I am ao muoh to blamoiu thin matter, It waa hie own doing. Ho would havo died in a day or two in any caso. I had no hand in tho matter. But that is bosido our affair. Whatyou aro to do is to drive to Monkswood this vory night, seok out the 'Adam and Eve'' rboin, fiud tlio secret spring, entor. and boar away tho will.' ' And faoo i/m( ? Not for ten thousand wills I' ' Coward 1 poltroon! oraven I our h Oh, words aro poor and woak to toll my con tempt for you ! Go, thon,. wliito-livored upstart that you aro ! and die a boggar as you 'deserve! I shall marry Sir Buporl Chud ;loigli } Sybil Trovanion will marry Mac grogor, and endow him with tho noble inhoritanoo that your b^so cowardice will not lot you grasp, Go I and novor let mo auo your miflorablo, oravon faoo again 1' The passionate words broko from hor m a torrent. Sho flung him off in hor fury, and tnrned to go. But he grasped lior arms and held her fast, ? ? ? ' Stay, woman or devil, and do with mo as you liko ! I will go, but you shall go also. From this hour I claim yon, by one compact of guilt ! Together, as you said, wo will find the will, and boforo yonder August moon wanes you shall be my wife ! Fiend though you be, your beauty has driven mo mad ! I am ready to risk anything, to faco anything, to secure you and foil them. . Como !' Ho drew her forciWly to him. She could hear tbo convulsive, clicking of liis set teeth, Sho never said a word. She drow the long j mantle sho woro closer around hor, and fol lowed him like a lamb. It was an eorio scono — an eerie hour, Tho I moon, angry and red, rent her way up through piles of jagged, black cloud, and cast fantastic shadows on tho earth. Tho trees rocked in tho roaring gale, There in tho long avenue tho very ' blackness of darkness' reigned. A weird and ghostly night for tho terrible orrand of this man and woman. If Edith Ingram's hoart failed her, sho was too 'plucky' to Bhow it; and she had goaded tho craven bosido her into that rock less madness that stands cowards in good stead Bomotimos for courage. Not a word was' spoken as ho hurried hor down tho avenue and into tho chaise. Ho took his seat beside her, seized the reins, and drovo away rapidly toward Monkswood Waste. 'You can find tho secret spring T' ho asked, sullenly, after a time. 'I can find it — yes.' ' Do vou know whero tho hidden room leads to?' ' I asked Lady Lomox, carelessly, once, Sho told mo those secret passages did exist, sho believed, in t{io priory, and had boon used often in tho troubled days of Honry and his daughters, to concoal fugitives. She know nothing ef thoir whereabouts, however. And during all the search no ono thought of that, or of tho possibility of tho dying rising from his bed and walking, unaided, and alono. Tho great entrance gatoB will bo closed ; you must drive round to tho west gate. ' And pasB tho Retreat, and run tho risk of , boing seen by that cursed Macgregor ?' ' Wo run more risks than that. Thero'is no alternative. By tho bye, whon you find tho will, as wo Bliall, of course, you- must not rovoal tho fact for a littlo whilo. On tho whole, you had not bost find it at all — that is openly. Wo will soo somo obscuro drawor or escritoiro, and placo it in that ; somo of your workmen will stumble accidontally on tho spot, guided by you, and he shall bring tho will to light. Thus suspicion will bo avoided ; and thero aro many very ready to support both you and mo.' ' You are a matoh for tho whole of thom !' Cyril .Trovanion burst out, in irropressiblo admiration, ' I never saw your equal ! What thoy say of Maria Thoresa they out to say of you : ' Tho hoart of a woman, and tho intel lect of a man.'' Mrs. Ingram smiled in tbe darkness. 'The heart of a woman ! I hopo not! Women with that inconveniont appendage are vory apt to mako idiots of tliomsolves, Boonor or later. I supposo I am that terrible modern innovation, a ' strong-minded woman;' and my wits being my only fortune, I must keep them sharpened. Hist! not a word moro I Here is the west gate, and lights burn still in tho windows of tho Retreat. Bottor havo a blood-hound on our track than Angus Macgregor !' (To ho continued'.') 