A Political Seance. By Fetter Behs.J . I panlt say . that I am sorry tho Eleotion iqra Is overi So'mb'paople thiok it no end' of !un and ohcap entertainment, but my consti- jjiijlqn .doesn't stand Iti I prefer a Spanish Bullfight or a Wild West Snow, whorq you pan undprstand just exactly what s goiog on and what Is likely to hanoen. Reiner & home bird I seldom go ont ; but tbo searoh for know ledge aud troth led mo out o' nights lately to find out if people and things wero really as do'ightful as tboy wero described' in the beautiful and reliable literature of tbo boar. Aftor dao observation I oan't help recalling to mind the old fellow who, when two dispu tants ceased arguing a knotty point and began ailing oach otbor names, looked over his spscs and said, 44 Ah I that's right gentlemen, stiok to faots." I am nob' a politician and don't understand looal questions, so I feel quito disinterested; bot tno youoger mombers of my family I found wero strong partisans ; in faot party politics beoomo quite a nuisance at tho break fast table, to tbo exclusion of all'sanor topics. Molly, a ton-year old oxponont of Women's rights, gave In hor allegianco to the sugar in dustry aud tho poor kanakas. A kanaka onao chased away a dog that was followiog her to sohool, and smiled so Bweetly that sho went ovor to tho aliens body and soul. Aud sho was, I thinkjinflaonocd by another faot that at onoo discloses the oomplioations jikely to arise when womon hold tho franchise. When a hand, some candidato is also tho father of a family of fivo'bojb bo will have an hnmenso pull on the ladies eootlon of the votor's roll over' tho othor fellow whose household qonsists'q' giris only. At the susceptible age of ten yoars at anyrate ft almost amounts to bribery and cor- ranlion for Bobby 'to' oarrv 1 Bessieta nnhonl book'e or holp her ont of a buss. As for George, ho was atraight:oat for 'a white QueooBland and tho Labor Party. Ho wouldn't walk the same side of tho strcot with akanaka Ho roplaood his black hat band with a colored one, aod showed tho utmoBt contempt for his sister's political opinions. In fact I had to interfere to prevent serious oonsequenaos frequoatly. Molly's blaok oat disappeared saddooly and she firmly believes Georgio killed it. Uo used to oall It 44 Tho Leprous Allen." Thoy postered me dally for a prophecy, as to thu ballottlng, wbioh I longed for ability to givo tbom for peace sake. With this end la vlowl consulted some otbor sorlbos, and it was dcoldod to iatorviow the tho Spirits. Wo had a seance in Redmond's Hall to whleh the pnblle were admitted. Tbo management was uudor the able support of sevoralnotabloa, inoludlog 14 Plummet," 4 Ob server," " Will Winkle," Elector and hla wife, " Spectator, " One who Knows, Sugar Plan tor, tho Still-born Child, tho Underdone Kid, tho Old Goat, nnd Spanker. Tho Snircd Ibis, passing over from Frosor's island, kindly took tho . ohair in tho absonoo of tho - Mayor. Neither of tho candidates wefo present, bat tho hall was paoked, the doors wore then barrod .and the lightsjloworcd. Tho Raw Kid boiog . tho loaat aoutaminated with wordly affairs was oboson to interview tho spooks, tho Old Goat was medium, and tho Btlll-borh gavo general dlreolioas. The management' ooeupiod;tho" 6tago,;wbioh wag hung around with.blaok our- tains. Tbe Chairman prosidod at a table draped with the samo fuoerqnl oloth, and taking hltf tso cajled fqr absolute sUehos unfi at- tlon, A dim Uneortbly light l|t tb6 ghastly slago, and the. goat was booq to rap. the. table. Aftep an ominous and painful pause of fiftcon minutes be nodded his head to tho Raw Rid as a signal, and in a snuoaky yoico that worthy said— ' " " s 44 Ohl noblo opirits.oC .tho departed dead 1 are there -any palltlofahs present amongst you?" Thero waa'a great shufillug of hot in the nniflt nn.ld. tinS a. tfnlnn rAnltn . 41 Any amount. What the mlsohiet did you send thorn hero for, as it wo hadn't torture enough already?" " Woll, wo'ro hero on olootlon matters now," said Iho Kid, 41 Do thoy tako any in terest in polities still ?" \- 44 Thoy just Uvo on 'om.- Tho climate suits polities. They only stoke tho tiros tor relax ation. They are election a member for tbo . West Fqraapea not/. IlJl turn tho phono- graph on for you." - . T Thore was a roll liko dletant thunder as tbo phonograph swung round, and when R stoppsd ovor tho building tho most dreadful sounds that ovor struok on human ears made tho very earth shako and tromblo. The confusion in tbo hall was awfol and great fearfqll upon us all. Tbo Snored Ibis upset the table and rolled on to tbo floor, tbo Did Goat,trippod rovqr him aud hutted tbo' Sqgar Plantm lq the abdomen and winded hlin. . Elootor and his wire fell into oaoh others arms and wept. Plummet, 'dropping to his kneef.'prajed aloud while Will WiuUo draw ft 1 flftskom hU ,00ft! U4i gad . poured liquid . eoutago down hla gaping throat. - Ohaerver,. ana: Bpootatbr . charged Into, ths ... Bribing- crowd round tbo ' barred ".door - aid . OnoWhoKoows foil ont through atop win- . dow and esoaped' on his head. Tho Still-: born Obild plumpeddowQ. wlth. a- ohriok . across tho prostrato form of the howling Kid. Spanker aloho seemed to-koqp bis head. - Ho found the meter, turnod Up the gas and the nolso ooasod at onco. Thou 'ho qolotod the , terrified crowd by assuring thorn that 44 tho . end was not yet' , that thh was only a bit, of.- eleotion gag from down below. .Ho. said it was An object lesson' to bim,' however ho in-, tended to lot polities alone now ho know whoro thoy led to. - ... . ; Whon the Beared Ibis got (bo management togothor again tbo audlenoo agreed- to:.try;-: . another 'question or two. So the- lights wont. . down and-ihe Old Goat took up tbo runnlng.r. - Ho thanked the Spook kindly for tho o! ant entertainment afforded through the phono graph, and said— _ 44 What we oame hero mora, partlonlariy to- dieoovor Is, whloh oandidato wUl bq rotortfed for Bundaberg?" . 44 Just wall a miouto," was tbo reply, 1 4 the Eloctoral Spook .for Queensland Is down South helping to get the Fodoral : Capital, fixed in the tropics. The , politicians here - prefer tbo -Queensland ollmato nnd tradit ions. I'll oall him." ' Plummet . hero got up off his kneos and . asked if bo might g9 home. .He was oxonscd. - - Spanker said ho waa eatteflod too, and left. . Tho Still-born Obild grew palor and tho onrl was oat of tbo Raw Kid. Tho rest stood . their gronnd calmly. Thsn a sound, of broken glass oamo from Will Winklo a uoigb- . boihood, whloh brought a shriek from Elec tor's wife, bub the audlonco wore roassurod> by Winkle's oalling out, 44 Sobpoak u£;. Hpooksh (hlo), earn horoyer ; givsh moro lic-r iHotlons." — . In a tow minutes tbo Spook fttrived ana . said tho capital was fixod at Rookhampton, and that bo had brought along a shipload of planks for now platforms. - 41 Tho dovil yon havo,4' muttorod Sugar Flantor, 44 why, we've got planks enough al- : ready to floor the globs ana shingle ,tbo unl- verso." . Tho Goat eatd as bo oxpanded his obest ; and throw back his boms, 11 Oh! vanlsblpg essence of unreliable impossibilities ! .Who will hoad tbo poll hero on Saturday ?" Tho Ghost hesitated, and thon rematkedj" "Well, I havo had tbo matter in hand fora - month or so, but—" 44 Oh, toll us liko n good follow," oamo from several voIqob down tho ball. Thoy wore - . getting too oxoltod. - . .. 44 Hush, gentlemen, don't rush him like that," said the Ibis, " give, him time, and . - make your bots quickly." . Tbo audience waited la ellonce'for the reply. Yon could have heard a pin drop. The Ghost was.evidently alarmod, and was preparing for a clean run. There was ft v, door oroak, and t'do voice camo agaio( 44 0harloy— ' - ' We didn't oatoh the surnamo, for a terrific mlxturo of applaaso and dlsBent ont It off. 44 Llston, yon Idiots," yelled the Goat, " Charley who ?" he asked the. Spook. - 44 Charley — Ohorloy — Tut, Tilt, . Tut, - Tanna," and then the baok door slammed. The Manacomont rotreatod hurriodtv aftor tbo Ghost and stumbled over bim In tbo yard, as they separated qulokly lor home. Ail exaept Will Winklo. lie remained to. tbe after mooting per force of oircumstanoos, bat . his account of U vma too unreliable for pub Ha&tion.; 