The Vacant Chair. (By " Wanderer" in the ' Adelaide Observer.') * Dear Mr. Young—Will you exouee the abort notice and dine with ua on Thursday next? Harry would have written you bimBelf, but be baa just ruebed off in hot haste to inspect a wonderful pony whioh iB to beat all existing trotting records, and bee deputed me to act as bis amannenaiB. Hoping to see yon on Thursday at 7.30 sharp, believe me, yours sincere )y, Helen Oonieon 1' I leaned back in my obuir and read the above note for tbe fifth or sixth time, tbe while my oup of ooffee was growing more and more frigid, and tbe broiled bam and eggs on my plate were becoming leathery and unpalatable. What a firm, bold band ebe wrote I How the signature stood out, fair and clean-out, just like the charaoter of the writer! 1 had always scouted the possibility of telling charaoter by handwriting, but with that evidenoe before me I oould do so no longer. Surely it was one of life's ironies that I, staid old baoheler that I was, should have at tbe mature age of forty-nine stumbled upon the one woman who might have made all things different for me, and that she ehould be another man'e wife! " Yours sincerely !" Ah, how 1 wish—but, stay. Where am I wandering to P What right have to wish anything of tbe kind P She is fortunate in having a much better fellow than I to look after, her—or to be looked after by her. Audit she may be thought fortunate, what epithet oan be bestowed upou her husband f The ancients would have said that all the oonstellatlons which influence human existence must have arrived at their bappieet conjunction on his natal day. And yet if ever man really deserved hie happiness that individual was Harry Conisoo. The path by whioh he attained it was steep and rugged ; the way was long and weary; but be held on— not without an oooasional stumble and heavy fall, for the beet of men ie after all only human—bis mind's eye fixed on the goal whioh at times eeemed utterly inaccessible, until after years of toiling the tide of fortune turned, Fate oeaeed to persecute him, and, with a rapidity which might well have turned wiser man'e head, he leaped into a poeition whioh dwarfed even his most sanguine expectations. Our aoqaaintanoe, begun at the olub, coon ripened into friendship; but until the time of whioh I now write I had neTer entered hie home. Mrs. Coni eon I had met on several occasione at the houeee of mutual friends. What I thought of her may be readily oonjeotured from the little 1 have already eaid, It was with a feeling of pleasur able expectation that I found myself entering Mrs. Conieon's drawing, room a little before the appointed hour on Thursday evening. Until then I bad in a measure broken the tenth oomma'ndment every time I thought of Conieon ; but the story I heard that night oured me effeotually. My hoBteBB reoeived me obarmingly j and presently when dinner was announced, permitted me to lead her to the dining-room, Conieon bringing up the rear alone. When we eat down I notioed that covers were laid for four, and wondered who the belated gueBt might be. * I see you are looking at the vacant chair, Mr. Young,' said Mrs. Conison, with a smile. ' I'm afraid it will have to remain unoccupied to-night, though unless the unexpected happens. Eh, Harry ?' 4 Yes, unfortunately,' replied Coni eon, ' though nothing could give me greater pleasure than to see it filled by its rightful occupant.' Then, with a laugh at my expression of bewilder ment and curiosity, he continued— ' Whenever you chance to be with us «t"meal times, Young, you will always Cod a vacant seat - co matter how numerous the guests may be. No, there i* no family ghost or prodi gal sod, or " indering brother or any thing of luat hind. I see you are baroiog with curiosity, so,- if you can control yourself till we have provided for the inner tnan, I will also try to satisfy your cravings in the other direction.' I hastened to assure my faoBt that T bad no desire to pry into affairs which might be of a delicate or pri vate nature; but that, if he choose to confide in me, he could rely on my discretion. ' I'm quite sure of that,' he replied ; • but there is nothing about my 1 vacant chair1 that the whole world might not hear. In fact, I am only too glad to have the opportunity of telling the story, as it enables tue to bear witness to the fact that I have met at least one man in my life who is'white' clean through—'all woo), a d a yard wide,' as Cousin JoBathan would say.' ' Bat surely you have come acrosB more than one such individual in your travels f I queried, 'Possibly; nay, probably,' replied Oonison; but I have not proved them. Now, I have tested the man 1 speak of, therefore I am certain about him-' The conversation then turned into other channels, and was kept up with infinite spirit—principally by my hoBtese. Ah, what a woman I And how she adores her husband 1 If—but there I go again. There can be no ' if' in the matter. We all three ad journed to the drawing-room together —I am glad that barbarous custom of sitting guzzling wine for hours after the ladiee have withdrawn has failen into dieuetude—and disposing our selves in low, comfortable chairs around the cheerful hearth, sipped our coffee with that calm chastened enjoy ment which always comes after dinner to him in whom a good digestion waits upon appetite. ' Now for your story,' said I, taking a cigarette from the case of ' Egypt ians' which my hoBt banded me. * Are you eure you don't object to the smoke, Mrs. Conison?' ' Not the least bit,' replied the lady. ' In fact, if you promise not to be shocked, l'ii hsve a cigarette myself.' ' By all menne,' i exclaimed. 'I never could understand why women shouldn't smoke the ' pipe of peace' as well as men. I'm sure, with all their little worries, they require the soothing influence of My Lady Nicotine quite as much as their husbands or brothers.' ' I'm glad you and Harry agree on that point,' rejoined Mm. Conison, lighting ber ' papellito.' ' Of course, I don't approve of women emobing in the street or in public, but I can't see any harm in an occasional whifE in private. I know it soothes me wonderfully. But 1 am interrupting you with my chatter. *Goon, Harry; Mr. Young is waiting for your story.' •It's not a very exciting yarn.' proceeded Conison, reflectively* 'al though it has to do with some of the sternest realities of life. It is the history briefly of a long struggle with want and poverty which might have continued to this day, aye to the end of my life, but for the unexampled generosity of one man—he for whom the fourth cover was laid, for whom the vacant chair was placed, for whom my door is ever open.' There wsb a slight tremor in Conison's deep voice as he eaid these words, which, together with the ex pression on his strongly marked countenance bore ample witness to the sincerity of his speech. As he paused bis wife slipped her hand into his, and so they sat, heart answering heart in periect unison, while he told the story of his struggle with the world. ' Of my youth thers is ho need to speak,' continued Conison present* ly. I not been 'wild,' and jogged on quietly in the path marked out for me, I would never have met my little woman here, so I'm rather glad than otherwise that I kicked over the tr&cee; and was eenji out to the hurley barley to earn my own living. For some years after that my life was an adventurous one, I was young and strong, and filled with an insatiable deBire to see new countries and strange sights, and I indulged my craving to the uttermoBt. In my oaee the old adage of the ' roll, ing stone' was fully borne out, and it was with very eoantily lined pook ets that I finally brought up in Queensland. In that oolony I knocked about for eome years, drov ing most of the time, sometimes making good money, but spending it faster than I earned it. Then fol lowed a spell of oity life, fairly sue oessfal in one way, bat ruinous in another. I was a general favorite among the 4 boyB,' and consequently was continually invited to ' sprees' of all kinds. The result was that I became too fond of drink, and even tually made a complete aee of myself. All of this, of course, I told the wife before I asked her to marry me, and ebe has forgiven me for it. Haven't you, deerf Mrs. Conieon'e reply did not take the form of speech, but it was both easily understood and eminently Batisfaotory, all the eame, 4 Well, I saw that my only ohsnce was to clear out of town, right away from the temptation, and I did eo. Away I went, straight out to the 4 never-never' country, and took to the road again. But things had changed einee my last droving days, and not for the better. Work wae eoaroe, and wages low, and it wae some time before I got a start again. At laet I got a mob of oattle to bring to Muswellbrook, and I thought my luck had turned. So it had—with a vengeance, I got through fairly well, and, having delivered my cattle, went on to Sydney. There, without a moment's warning, I met my fate. 4 One night I turned in about 11, feeling as well as ever I did in my life. At 4 next morning, I woke in agony, and unable to move as much as a finger without exquisite pain. Bheamatic fever, the doetor said, brought on by many wettings on the road, following much hard living. The next eix months 1 spent in bed, first in lodgings, then private hospital;' lastly, when funds ran short, public hospital. I never think of that time without a shudder. Every little pain or ache in my joints brings back that six months of torture. When I left hospital I was a cripple, couldn't walk—or • hobble—twenty yards without sitting down, and when I sat down couldn't get up without assistance. I don't wonder at ssme people committing suicide. I know if I had remained much i longer in the state in which I was! then I'd have found a quick and ] short way of release. However, let j that pass. ' It was at this time just when I thought I was forgotten both by Hod and man, that I met my salvation here. I think she took pity on me first on account of my helplessness, but, as for me, I loved her from the first instant my eyes fell on her. From that moment I began to mend. I had something to lire for,' to work for. With much difficulty I managed to scrape enough money together to carry me round to Western Australia, then in middle of it'a ' boom.' In Melbourne I got wet while walking up to the Post-office, and inside a week was down with pleurisy. For two months I basked and filled witbin sigbt of the gate leading to the hereafter. Twice the 'old man' raised, bia scythe to strike, twice he lowered it again. Slowly and pain fully'! regained sufficient strength to crawl'from my bed in'the hospital ward; then, in midwinter, too, I was thrust forth penniless, with one Jung, and sb weak ob a child) to starve in" the elrcetp. To you, who have never known want, these wordB convey no meaning. Ton don't understand what it is to he faint for lack of a crnBt of bread, to be abeqlntely with out tbe few coppers necessary to procure a shelter for tbe night, or a cnp of coffee at a stall to stay the horrible gnawing, sinking pangs of banger. Of course I could have got money by writing to Helen, but i ehrank from doing that. At l$st, however, I collapsed in tbe street, and on beiog carried into a chemist's shop was asked if I bad any friends with whom.I wished to communicate. I took that as an intimation that all was up for me in this world, and gave the man her address. In four days she was by my side, and finally nursed me back to something like my old self,' 'What was to be done now? Tbe doctore assured me that another winter in Melbourne would finish me, and I bad no money, no strength to carry me elsewhere. Here -Helen came in again, and forced me .to ac cept a few pounds wherewith to travel to a warmer climate. Arrived there I set to work to' look for some enjoy ment such as was fitted for one in my weak etate of health, and wsb fortunate enough to find it almost im mediately. The pay was much not to boast of—though it was quite enough for the work done—but I managed to exist on it for a time. There came a time of which I am aehamed to apeak. To my eternal shame I did a great wrong to my benefactor. For this I have paid the penalty in one way, but I can never forgive myself—no, not if I lived to be 100. And how do you think the great man revenged himself on me ? Why, be gave me more work to do, saved me.; practically, from starvation or worse, and then put tbe seal on my gratitude for all lime by enabling me' to get tbe start from which all my present prosperity has grown. '.It was in this way. My health had been pretty well established, but try how I would, I could get no re munerative enployment. The future looked blacker than ever, my Helen further away. Tear after year passed ; I grew more aud more despondent. The struggle for a bare living was wearing me down and turning me grey before my time. Then came the release. ' From a chance acquaintance I heard o£ the richness of a certain mining field, where a good living web to be got almost as a certainty, with the probabilty of a big ' rise.' If I could only get there! How was it to be managed, £15 at least was re quired ; I couldn't raiBe 16s. Then a thought struck me. Ah, that was a happy thoughtt Off 1 went to my benefaotor—the man I had wronged -and asked me him to advauce the money, telling bim what I wanted it for. He never hesitated. He must have known the feeling *in my heart towards him-rtbat I would die or starve rather than wrong him again. He gave £15, and within a week I was on the diggings. 'The rest is soon told. My tuck j was phenomenal, and ere a year had I passed I was able to sell out at terms j which made me independent for life. Then I came for my other self here, and I think there has been no happier conple in the wide world than the one you see before you now. When I went to see the author of all this happiness, before I left his part of the coun.try, I told bim that I hoped he would look on my house as his, and that whenever became, night or day rich or poor, he would always find hie place waiting for bim. That is the story of my * vacant chair.'' A member at the New South Wales Legislative Council, who never givee chanty promiscuously on week-days, provides himself every Sunday with a number of Sd pieces, whioh. he dis tributes to sueh " deserving objeotB" as he may meet while on hieway to church.' The Domain de&dbeate; kaow this " weakness," and etlok him np with surprising regularity. 