A NEAT JOB. (By Alfred Le Veine.) We picked him up at Southampton He had rather a prepossessing-looking face, clean shaven, with the exception of short sideboard whiskers. Saunter- ing up the gangway he inquired in a non-chalant voice "Chief steward in the way?" "That's me," said I, stepping for- ward. "What is it?" "D'you want any extra help on board. I'm a first-class waiter out of a job. Perhaps you can make use of me. Want to get to New York, but I'm jus about stone-broke." We were short-handed at the time, the third saloon steward having been called away almost at the last moment by a telegram announcing the sudden death of his mother-whom he. thought the world of. . "Been to sea before?" I asked him. "Yes, several times. I'm a bit of a rover," he added, a slight grin spreading over his face. "I'm a good sailor; don't have any fear about that." "Any luggage?" "Not much, only a gladstone-- shan't take up much room! " I eyed the man in silence for a few seconds from head to toe. Like Jones, the absent steward, he was a fairly tall man, with rather fine physique, and I reckoned on the uniform he had left be- hind fitting him to a nicety. " What's your name? " "John Rapier." I looked at my watch. Twenty minutes grace before we sailed. "Well, Rapier, you can work your passage across. No pay, but you'll make something off the passengers. We sail in about nineteen minutes. l'll give you fifteen to go aboard." "Right, I'm your man." With that he darted down the gang- way, upsetting one of the sailors like a ninepin. About forty seconds after the allotted time had expired he appeared. Bound- ing up the gangway, he dropped his bag on deck and gasped. "Phew! just about winded. Sorry I couldn't get back in time. I always try and make it a practice of being punctual -one of my virtues." Here that silent grin again appeared on his face. As I had anticipated, the uniform fitted him as if he had been measured for it. I came to a satisfactory conclu- sion during the luncheon and dinner time that he would cause me no further bother. He had spoken the truth. As a waiter he evidently understood his business - he was a gem. We had quite a number of," big pots" on board, and it had got rumored amongst the passengers that this was likely to be a record trip-provided fine weather favored us. On the second day of the voyage, about half-an-hour before the dinner bell would ring, I was returning from one of the passenger's berths, having at his request taken my razor-strop-his own having become mislaid. As I neared "No. 19," a berth occupied by one of the "big pots"-Lord Taver ton-I was dumfounded to see that man, Rapier, with his eye fixed at the keyhole. Perceiving me approaching, he started back with a guilty look on his face, placing his finger over his lips as if to entreat my silence. Sternly bidding him to follow me aft, I walked to a sequestered part of the quarter- deck; then turning round on my heel, I stood waiting for him to give an ex- planation of his conduct. He placed his hands inside his trousers pockets, and calmly looked me squarely and un- flinchingly in the face. "It's like this, steward, I'm sailing here under false colors." I started. "I'm no more a professional waiter than you are a niggar, and; now you've I caught me I may just a well make a clean breast of it. Besides, you can help me a lot if you have a mind to, and you won't be any the loser either. In three words-I'm a detective! There's some- body on board that's wanted." And he grinned as if he thoroughly enjoyed the joke. "A 'tec!" I gasped. "Phew." "Here's my card." I took the piece of pasteboard, reading out aloud. "Inspector John Griffie, Scotland Yard, London. "Yes, but talk easy, you might spoil the game. Other people's got ears be- sides us. I'm not given to blowing much wind, so I will give it to you in brief. "Big bank robbery in London. Busi- ness done by Charles Hampton and his working partner, George Henden. Also wanted on numerous charges of forgery, etc Known on board as Lord Taverton and Mr. Venderton. The former an in- dependent gent of leisure; the latter a retired American millionaire. Sailing on the St. Cecil, bound for New York. Trying to make their way to 'Frisco, then ship again for Melbourne. "Event of capture, promotion sure and big reward. You help me during the voyage and keep mum, I hand you £50 the minute after they're arrested. Is it a bargain?" While he had been speaking I clearly recalled to my mind the circumstances of the case he had cited. I had read the case the previous week and clearly remembered the amount offered by the bank directors for the men's arrest. It was £500. I looked him full in the face, and my heart was good to go straight to the skip- per and report the whole business. But the fifty pounds - it was too much of a temptation. Besides, I was to be mar- ried after I had made the return trip. I could take home a nice little present for my bride out of that sum, and the re- mainder would come in uncommonly ac- ceptable towards the house-funnshing expenses. "What proof have you?" I asked. 'Proof!" His hand went into his inner breast- pocket. "Is that sufficient proof?" he an- swered, polling out a roll of Bank of England notes - some in three figures - from an old leathern wallet. "Should I want to be working my passage with that on me if there wasn't something in the wind, eh! Now look here. I'm not doing this for the love of the thing, and I don't expect you to either. As evidence of my good faith, here's a ten- pound note as a preliminary, and I'll give you a written agreement, after dinner's over, to square the balance on the terms I mentioned to you before. You can rely on me - no one will ever know of the deal - you can trust me for that. I dont blab business secrets to everybody; it wouldn't do in my profession." In an instant I was decided. I would concede to his terms; but he would have to raise the figure. "Fifty pounds!" said I in tones of disgust. " Who get the remaining four hundred and fifty?'' I never saw a man so completely knocked off his perch in my life. "Who told you there's five hundred on the job?" "There are such things as news papers," said I. "What's to prevent me from claiming the whole amount? I can give them in charge myself directly we touch New York." He looked at me for a moment half in sorrow, half in pity at my ignorance. "And do you imagine these gents will await your pleasure? Why, man alive! half-an-hour before we touch dock, there will be no such masquer- aders as Lord Taverton and the Ameri- can milllonaire. They'll simply evapo- rate. What do you think they're travelling as strangers to each other for. Not for the novelty of the thing, you can bet your sweet life on that! I'm pretty well known in the profession, yet they have given me the slip on three different occasions; but I'll bet my life they don't escape me this time." He finished up with that irritating grin. "Look here," said I, in a business- like tone, "Two hundred is little enough for a job like this. Make it two hundred and it's a go." He remained in thought for a few seconds, then, moving closer to me, he said in a quiet, determined voice: "I'm going to make you a final offer \- accept or refuse it. One hundred - and not another penny." I convulsively gripped his hand. "It's a go!" said I. The day following was a far from pleasant one, incessant rain and wind, which threatened to continue with un- abated rigor. All that morning gentle- men crowded into the smoking-saloon, where I was on duty, Rapier also being stationed there. His lordship was holding a contro- versy over the mineral properties of American soil out west, which finally drifted to the topic of precious stones. "Here is what I might term a white, flawless gem of the finest water, typical of what Africa can produce in the way of diamonds," drawled his lordship, taking a diamond ring from off his second finger and handing it round for inspection- "Guess I can beat that!" ejaculated the Yankee millionaire. " You see, my " lord, I'm kind 'er partial to diamonds myself," he explained in a half apologe- tic tone. " There's two hobbies in this world that I'm dead struck on; and that's diamonds and china. Pretty odd sort of combination; ain't it? Now? I've got a necklace that I'm taking home to my daughter for a marriage present. I got it cheap, but fifteen thousand pounds can't buy it back-its a peach!" The Yank took from an inside breast- pocket of his negligee shirt a wash- leather belt. Shaking the contents into his hands, he held the necklace in his palm, with a look in his eye almost bordering on to worship. The rays from the electric light played down on the gems as he held them in the open palm of his hand, making them scintillate and sparkle till the eye was almost dazzled with their brilliancy and lustre. "Rather a dangerous, and I might add, tempting hobby,to carry on one's person, is it not? " exclaimed his lord- ship. "I reckon they're safe enough," was the reply. "I always carry them pretty close to my skin, and before I give them up I guess I'd give up the ghost first!" I glanced across the group of ad- mirers, who were loud in their praises, and beheld Rapier, with "that grin" upon his face. As his eyes met mine, he made just the least perceptible shadow of a wink, but on his face I read the word - " Bunkum!" When I joined Rapier after his duties had ended, he said, in a quiet, admiring tones: "Thick, ain't they? They'd make a fortune on the stage; they're born actors. See the game Trying to work up some idiot to make a bid; and when the neck- lace changes ownership, the buyer will think he's got real stones. It's a ,good thing for somebody that I'm on board." Never before did a voyage seem so long to me, till at last the final day ar- rived. We reckoned on getting in dock about four o'clock that afternoon. I stood leaning against the taffrail in a fever of excitement, waiting for Rapier to come and give his final instructions. Presently he sauntered up in an uncon- cerned manner, not the least signs of excitement on his countenance. His eyes may have seemed a trifle brighter, and his grin a trifle more pronounced and irritating, otherwise the man was outwardly calm. "How these fellows must become inured to their business!" were my in- ward thoughts as he approached. "Everything's satisfactory so far," he said in even tones. "This thing has got to be done in a quiet, business-like manner. [To BE CONTINUED,] The Perth papers say we may get re- distribution of seats when the present Parliament expires by effluxion of time, that is, in about two years' time. We predict rather a noisy two years if that delay is attempted.-BROAD ARROW STANDARD. 