THE. TRUE HEIR. CUAPTER5 VIII. So it was my last day of liberty; to. morrow my bondago wavs to begin. When Bir Geoffrey took his leave, I felt so reotless that, aofter wandering about from room to room for some time, and fiuding Lie sense of restraint intolerable, I left word that my uncle was not to wait dinner for me, aund went out. I had no deflinito purpose, but wan* dared on at raudom, trying to escapo from mysellf-or rather from my thoughts. I took no heed of the route I was pursuing; had a confused impression of passing vehioles and hurrying people; of turning now into some quiet street, now, again, into some main artery; until at length aiter I know not how long, it occurred to me'to consider where I had got to. The summer twilight, as we see it in London, was just dyiog in the smoky haze of the coming night, when I found myself in a sqeuare of old fashioned, gloomy-looking hlousees. I asked a servant-gsrl who was standing at one of the doors the name of the place. " Filzroy Square," she answered. Even then I Ihad but a dim idea as to where I was. "How far am I from Islington ?" I inquired. "Oh I a mile or moro; but if you take. that taring "-pointing to an opening-" it'll bring you into Eeston Roead; then turn to your right, and it's a straight line to the Anugel."' I had just turned roaud to follow these directions, when I almost ran against a gentleman. "I beg-" I began, then stopped short. "Can it be Mies Avondell ? ex- olaimed the stranger. It was Adrien Sylvester. After the ejaculation, we stood for some seconds in no embarrassing eilence. " What a strange meeting I" he said, at length. "How long have you been in town ? " " We remained at Avondell only two or three days after you left," I answered. "Indeedl That was very sodden, was it not ? You had no intention at least, you did not mention it-of leaving when I was there ? " "Is it possible ? Have you not heard ?" I exclaimed. "Heard what ? " he inquired. " I have heard nothing." " I am no longer mistrees of Avon dell; I am now only Miiss Etheridge," I replied. My embarrassment was now rapidly disappearing. "What do you mean ?" he ex claimed, with an energy that caused a passer-by to turn round and stare at us. \- "If," he said, " we were to cross over to the side of the enolosure, we might converse moro freely. May I offer you my arm ? For heaven's sake explain this mystery to me I" "Is it possible," I said, as we began to walk slowly round the enclosure, "that you have not heard that a son of the late Sir Geoffrey has come to light, proved his birth, and taken possession of the estate and title ?" " A son of the late Sir Geoffrey ?" he repeated. "Yes; it was in all the news papers." "I did not see it; and this man is now at Avondell ?" " Yes; and on Thursday morning I am to become his wife." I blurted out the sentence as quickly as I was able. I could not endure that there should be a moment's mis anDreheonsion. Then, grasping one of the railings, his head drooped forward upon his ohest. Suddenly he looked up, and said, " Do you love him ?" "No." " Do you marry him, then, for the sake of regaining the estate ?" "Yes," I replied, after a pause. "What else could I say without betraying my uncle's position ?-and that I had no right to do to a stranger. A look of wonder was suoceeded by one of contempt. It stung me, and I added, with some bitterncess, "You rejecoted the love that was offered you through pride." "I make no claim," he answered mournfully. In those words there was a yet sharper sting; they mortified me humiliated me; and I could soarcely repress the angry tears that were swelling in my throat. It was as though he had a second time refused the love I had been so unmaidenly as to almost thrust upon him. At that moment I felt glad thalt I was about to become the wife of another. " This marriage is very hasty," he added immediately. "I am anxious to return to Avon dell," I replied lightly. "I wish yon could delay it," he answered quiroly. "Oh I quite impossible; everything is prepared." "I am sorry for it," he replied sadly. No woman likes a faint heart in man; more especially in a man to whom she has given enoouragement. It is an insult; a reproach to her. " Were I in his pelace," I thought, "I would not take the loss of the woman I loved so tamely." I did not know him then. " Good.by, Mr. Sylvester," I said, holding out my hand, and not appear ing to notio his last words. "Good-by, Miiss Avondell," he answered reluctautly, and would have retained my hand; but I snatched it brusquely away, and without another word hurried on. Once I cast a snrreptitioun glance behind, and saw him standing on the same spot, just 00 I had left him. As I entered the Eueston Road a cab hailed me. I got into it, and told the Sman to drive me to Canonbury. Then my tears found vent. Anger and mortification were their sourbo. "Thank heaven," I murmured to myself, " this meeooting has happened I It has disillusioned me. He has passed out of my life for ever." It was nine o'clock when I arrived home. I ran upstaires to my room, bathed my swollen eyes, brushed my hair, and removed all traces of my recent agitation. " Good grnoeious I child, where have you booeen ?" exclaimed my uncle. "I Was getting quite uneasy about you." I don't know what excuse I made. " What a colour you have, and bow your eyes are oparkling," he remarked. " I have not seen you look so well for a long time." "It is the anticipation of my re turn to Avondell.-of being once more called ' my lady '" I answered gaily. "Would yoa not like some music, nncle dear ?" I said. And I sat down to the piano, and began to play and eing with a nerve and brilliancy'I do not believe I had ever displayed in my life before. "What aile yon to night, Mabel ?" again asked my uncle, coming over to the piano, and regarding me with a curious expressiou, not numixed with uneosiunse. " Would you not sooner see me in good spirits than sn ping and molanu choly, noas I have been these few days past l?" I nsked, laughing, and running over the keys of tboe piano. "Yes; but you are unnaturally excited." " One extreme is usually succeeded by another," I answered, oracularly, and began to sing another song. I could feel his gaze fixed upom me all She time. He could not at all underetand it. CAPTIER IX. My high spirits evaporated during the night, and the morning found me listless and heavy-eyed once more. Into my mind there had intruded a thought that I might have misjudged Adriuen Sylvester; that I had felt angry with him because he was nobler, more unselfish, morj sensitive to honor than the ordinary race of mankind. But I relentlessly crushed the senggestion. What good could it do now? Botter far that I ashould thinki the worst of him than have any lingering doubts fostering in my mind to poison my future life. When I came down to broeakfast my uncle met me with more than his usual affection. "I am glad to see you a little calmer this morning," he said. "Do you know you quite alarmed me last night ?" " You were alarmed to see me in good spirits ?" I said, smiling. "They were not natural spirits, Mabel." After a silence of some minutes, during which he absently chipped an egg, he spoke again. "I am afraid I have put your duty and affection to a severe test in this marriage," he said. "Do not talk of that," I replied, quickly. "If you still look forward to this match with aversion-with a convic tion that it will render you unhappy toll me so fraukly and fearlessly. It is not too late even now. I would not have your young life made miserable. Had he spoken those words to me four and twenty hours previously, my fortitude, I believe, would have given way; but the words, "I make no claim," came back upon my memory to strengthen me with bitterness; and I broke in calmly with "I am quite willing to marry Sir Geoffrey Avon dell. I lhave no desire whatever not to do so. It is entirely of my own free will." "Youn don't know what a borden you have taken off me by those words, my dear Mabel I " he said, pressing me in his arms. "I have worried over the matter until I was beginning to believe I was a domestio tyrant, a sort of ogre, a stopy-hearted parent, and I don't know what. Now I feel quite happy again. I am sure you are doing the right thing, Booh a matoh is not to be lightly rejected by a por tionless girl." It was late in the afternoon when we left London by the Ludgato Hill Station for Avondell. Mrs. Hardiog nocompanied us. She was going down there tosettle,and begged to be allowed to dress mo for my bridal as she dressed the late Sir Geoffrey's mother. I weas only too pleased to have eoeh a faith fol attendant with me at suchnb an hour. The journey was little more than thirty miles, and the sun was still ehining brilliantly when we arrived. Sir Geoffroy was, of course, there with a carriage waiting to convoy sno to the houeo. At the sight of him all the old ro puguanco returned. But, oatehing my unolo's gaze fixed upon me, I overcame my emotion, and mot Bir Geoffrey with a smile. "Do you see nothing, dear ?" he said. I looked around, and perceived that the station was decorated with festoons offlowore and some flags. " This is in honor of to-morrow," he whisipered. "It is to be quite a local event, I assure you. Short as your stay was among them, the people took a great fancy to you, and are immensely delighted that you are to be their mistress after all. There was a good number of loiterers outside the station-door, who gave a very hearty cheer as I stopped into the carriage. "Heaven bless her, she's as beauti ful as an angell" I heard an old woman say. " May she have all the happiness that I wish her, and I'm sure she'll have enough I" I was trembling like a leaf when I took my seat beside my noole; the thought of a demonstration was dread ful to me. Dinner was waiting for us. Sir Geoffrey plaesd me next to him. His manner was unexceptionally gentle, butn never obstruoive. No person pre sent who had been ignorant of the oirsnmstanses would over have im rained that we were shortly to enter into snuch olose relationship with one another. Yet there was no coldness in his manner. I felt grateful to him for this consideration. After dinner he rose to take his leave. "A few hours more and I shall be the happiest man in the county of IKent," he whispered. "Good-night, my darling I" He had both my hands olaeped in his, and lhe now drew me cloe to him and kissed my lips. How hard I tried to repress a shiver, that did not succeed; and was conscious that he felt it, for a dark look suddenly succeeded the passionate one of the previous moment. But it vanished as instantaneousnely, as he bowed, and left the room. All within the house was bustle and preparation for the morrow; and after we left the dining.room the soervanuts began to prepare for the breakfast. "It will be worthy of the old family, after all," cried hire. Harding, en thusiastically. "All the villagerE will be out for miles round, and there will be such a concourse as the old church has not witnessed for many a long day." "I am sorry for it," I said. "Sorry I" ejaculated the old lady almost forgetting her respect. " Would you have an Avondell mar ried like some common person ? If that was the case, I should indeed think that Lsdy Bridget's curse was about to fall upon the old house." " Lady Bridget's crseo; what is is that ?" inquired my uncle, who was present. "Ahl I you have not heard that story," I remarked. Then I will toll it you. It was just the time for ouh a ghastly story, in the mysterious glooming of a summer's night, a dark purple sky, with here and there a twinkling star, upon which the woods ast their deep shadows. The birds had all gone to rest, and not the sound even of. a shaking leaf camo through the open windows. Within the room all-was dim obscurity. The influeuce o the hour and the scene was upon me; and, drawing my ohair very close to my uncle'e, I began in an awed and subdued tone. " In the reign of Charles the Second, Sir Gilbert Avondell foll in love with a young maiden of humble birth, whose father, during the troubles of the Commonwealth, had sheltered him and saved him from nrrest. She was very beautiful ansud with a die tingoished air and manner that might have become the finestlady in the land, although, as I have said, her parent age was of the humblest, her father being only a working man. Love and gratitude both prompted Sir Geoffrey to marry her, and for some years they lived very happily together. Bus there was one cause of discontent that, year by year, became more serious. Lady Avondell bore no heir to the name and estate, whioh, at Sir Gilbert's death, would consequently pass to his brother, whom he hated, and to his brother's children. Sir Gilbert was now over reproaching her with this, and deolaring that it was a judgment upopen him. "' The pure blood of Avondell will not mingle with your muddy stream,' he said arrogantly. "For a long time she bore these cruel taunts with patience; but her nature was as proud as his, and after a time she rebelled, and gave him scorn for scorn. Then dreadful scenes ensued. One day the brutal husband raised his hand and struck her upon. the breast. From that hour they lived in separate apartments, and no communication of any kind passed between thaem. " But far more dire oven than thie were the effects of the blow. It pro. duaed a cancer of a very virulent hind, which caused her most dreadful agony. For two or three years she endured a life of constant torture. At length tihe end came. One night a servant brought a message to Sir Gilbert that Lady Avondell mws dying, and requested to see him. At first he refued to go to her; but ere the messenger had left the room his concnoience touched him, and he went. "It was a terrible sight that met his eyes upon entering the chamber of death. His lady was propped up in bed by pillows; and what a ebange had taken place since last he saw her ! The once fair, round face was little more than the bony profile of a skull, over which was drawn a livid, perch. meant skin; the once rosy lips were bloodless, and fallen in from the want of teeth; the sparkling eyes lurked dimly within their cavernous depths; and, to make the contrast more ter rible, she had arrayed herself in her bridal costume, and encircled her rag. ged grey hairs, that had once rivalled the raven's wng inblackness, with a chaplet of orange-blossoms. " Sir Gilbert started back, horrified. " She gave a low, bitter laugh. ".What !' she murmured; are you frightened at your own work ?" ." Then, burstingforth with startling energy, she invoked a terrible ourse upon him and his house, pronounced with the air and certainly of a pro. photoss. "' Never,' abshe cried,' shall a hobild be born to you; butyour heritage bsheall go to the man you hatol From this hour a blight shall fall upon your raeoo; never shall they know happiness more, and the name of Avondell shall pass to the stranger, and be borne by the ontcast whom no man will own I Then shall the pride of your house be .struck down, and levelled with the dust I' " Then, with a low wailing soream, abshe fell back and expired." As I uttered the lost words my unolo started; anjd, wrought up by the legend I was relating, I could feel my face blanch and my hair stir, for upon the deathlike silenoce of the night there broke a abshriek just euch as I wae de scribing-low, wailing, as of some soul in its last agony. " What was that ?" inquired my unole in an twe-struck voice. " Meroy on us I what could it be ?" ejaculated Mrs. Harding, who was standing behind my chair. We listened breathlessly. All was again silent. "It must have been an owl or some other night.bird," suggested my uncle. "I never heard any night-bird utter snuch an awful sound eas that," replied Mra. Harding, trembling. "It was like the voice of some evil spirit. Lor' 'a mercy upon uo, there it iaegain I " But this time it was a bshriek of laughter. It seemed to come from a long way off, and coaeed very suddenly. I and Mrs. Harding crept close to gether, overcome by terror. My uncole sprang up and rang the bell violently. Several minunteo elapsed before the eummono wae answered, for we were in aroom of the anite of opartment8 which had formerly been mine, and whioh wes far eway from the part of tho honoo where all the servants were congregated. When the footmen appoored he brought lights, thinking it wae for those we had rang. " What noise wao that just now ?" i demanded my uncle, " Noise, air ? " inquired the man. " There wae a shriek, as if some one was being hurt, and then a laugh like a moniao's." " I noeer heard anything, sir; I've been in another part of the house. I dare eay it Woe the oWlo; they do make o dreadful noise out in the woods sometimes." " Go and inquire among your fellow servants if they heard anything. Stay I I willgo myself." " Oh, don't leave ns I" I cried. "Stay with your lady until I re turn," he said to the man, and hurried away. He had gone some time, during which we maintained an almost breathless ailence, expecting every moment that the same. or some other uwf1 soeud would break upon us. Bet all was silent again. When he returned ho.sent the foot. man'eway, and then told us that he had queotioned every person in the house, but no one had heoid it. "Thero is nothing nstoniehing In that, however," he added, "for they are making noise enough to drown a thunderstorm. I believe it must have been the owls, after oil." "It seemed like an echo to the words I was speaking," I ceid, shod dering; " as though the spirit of the unhappy woman whose story I weas telling was hovering round the scene of her former misery, and rejoicing in the coming fulfilment of her curse." " I am surprised at you, Mabel, en tortaining snobuch silly ideas," he on swerod, irritably. "We might expect themfrom your maid, but not from an educated lady. Every old house and family has its legends and its corses, and its ghosts and supersti tions. I wonder they don't say she walks; that her spirit ie seen at cer tain times-" "Oh I sir, don't make a jest of things so awful " interposed Mre. Harding. "You had better go to bed, Mabel," he said, "or you'll be ill to-morrow." " Sleep with me to-night I" I whis pered to the housekeeper. "I shall be too pleased, my lady, for I do not think I could dare to sleep alone," she replied. "But no more horrors," said my unole. "Don't terrify yourselves fur ther by dwelling upon this subject, and raking up all the horrible stories you can possibly remember, which people usually do under such ciroum stances. Depend upon it the expla nation is simple enough. The dark nosess, the silence, and the story had brought us into that electrical con dition that the slightest sound was certain to be magnified into some thing ghostly and portentons; and so the caw of some belated crow, or the scream of some .sour-tempered owl, became exaggerated, in our imagine tion, into the cry of an evil spirit." He spoke lightly, jestingly; but. I felt certain that he was not so easy as he pretended to be. "There, good-night, dear. Heaven bless you, and protect you from all evils, fancied or real. I shall not go to bed before I have investigated this matter further." I threw myself, sobbing passion otely, into his arms. "This won't do, Mabol," he said, a little severely; " this is childish." " Oh, it is not that I" I exclaimed. " But to-morrow----" I eould prooesed no further. "1Yes," he said, understanding me, "this is the last night of my guardian ship. Honoeforth you 'will belong to another." Here his own voioe gave way; and unable to any longer endure the pain ful scene, he led me to the door, and passed me to MIrs. Harding, who was standing without. I sobbed myself to sloeep on the old creature's breast, and olumbered until she aroused ma next morning. My uncle came early tomy dressing room. Ho looked pale and heavy- eyed, as though he had not slept all night. I remarked upon it. " Well I" he answered; "I did not got to bed until daylight. I and some of the servants searched the house from top to bottom. But nothing eame of it. Then I went into the woods to listen for the owls." "And did you hear them " I asked. " Oh I yes; and am quite convinced it was they who frightened ns." "I hopo the rain will keep off-it 'loeast Until the ceromony. is over," he said, turning to the window, and look ing up at the dark, lowering sky. " There will be a great concourse of people, and I should not like tlheom to geot a drenouching. I think, however, the wind is too high jaet at present for the rain to come down. If it lulls we shall have raintoea certainty." (To be continued.) 