l .NURSERY NOTES. FRIGHTENING CHILDREN. Says an English paper:— Nothing can be worse for a child than to be frightened. The effect, of the scare it is slow to;recover.from; it remains sbmetimss until maturity, as is shown-by many in. stancs of- morbid'sensitiveness and'excessive nervousness. ' Not infrequently fear is employed as a r means of discipline Children are controlled by being made to believe that somthing- terrible will happen to thern, arid punished by being shut up in dark" rooms, or by being put in places they stand in dread of. No one without vivid memory of his childhood can comprehend how -entirely cruel such things are.. "We have often heard/grown persoia tell of the' sufferings they liave endured, as childrri, under like circumstances, and recount the- irreparable injury which they are sure they then: receivd. No parent no nurse,capable of Alarming the young is fitted for her position. Children, as near as possible, should be trained not to know -the 1 sense of fear, which, above everything \- else; - is to be ^feared in their .education^: early, and ^ late. Some ' jnterseting . facts dealing with the ...fears.* ,ehildren : i have . been collected, by a well-known .processor. He found that 1,071' Children were afraid of 6,456 things. The leading fears -were lightning and thunder, reptiles, strangers the dark, death, domestic animals, water, -ghosts,, insects, rats and njice, jand high words. Some of the fears were the results of personal experience-that is, .in a district where a. great wind bad wrought-a havoc the children were afraid of. it. In e other, cases the analysis showed by what means parents had worked upon the* imagination of their children. In one district 16 poor little ones were dreading the end of the wortd. The most gratifying fact of all was that not one child had been frightened into obedience or good conduct by the. fear of the deviL A century or two ago that fear would have led all the rest. The pleasing inference is that parents now dwell upon affection and love to insure the goodness of their children, instead of terrorising them with Satan's wrath. 