Short Story. A Case of Conscience. There were perhaps a score of people In (lie drawing-room of Westholuie Towers. Tiro assemblage Included. nniong Others, young Hudson. of thi' Guni.!;.. ('•>!' whom 1 had eonuivnl a VJIKI paitijiliiy ; Wallace Lvwiu, known to tup yi'ins when lio wns consul JH .I;Ili'a ; Mr. fun- Dan, i.lii' owner of the d'-mesne adjoin- Ins my i'imi: in Tom's ; :uni Mi-. Caiman's wlns-me <lan;rlili'i\ Pmntliy. Mi.-s raisiiiin sat at the piano, while Tom. under im'ti'Xt of turning over her music, Mik.h1 close beside her, all pleasantry and courtesy. Tom-l:il] iunl well built—showed :il bis host Mint evening- -I noted it, with g.-iil in my heart ; .iinl his jovial law alii'jiiii with smiles. His diliR.'irt, .-Mlt-mlnnce on Dorothy Chunnn had been decidedly more prnnomi'-i'ii of Into, lending roloiir (o tlic minimr (lieu curivnt to the effect (lint be ami f-lie were to make n inateh of it. From m.v M'.-it in <ln> embrasure of <lio window, with bitterness and envy rankling in ni.v hivsist, I watched tiieiil. Strive ns t illicit nnd 1 detested myself foe hiirhniiriiig the abject fancy—I could noi help thinking of the consequences their union would entail upon'ine aud my expectations. "llis l:l'e only is bclwcpn me and eight Hi' iisanii a year," I soliloquised fretfully. "If lie manics-faugli 1 there's :iu end of my prospects. Not only that, his m.'iniiige will rob file of her whom 1 love as my life—more than my honour. Lose Dorothy! I canuut beat- to thlnli of it" My nerves were strained to their utmost tension tliiit. night. I felt IIDwonteOl.v Irritable mid revengeful as 1 pictured the misery which tlio near fill lire hud in store for me. Ami while 1 brooded thus darkly, I ceotued to bear a voice—the Evil One's, surely—ever and anon whisper encouragingly into my ear, " Only his life—only bis life !" Thankful enough waR I when Lieutenant. Iladson and Mr. J.ewin, crossing Ihe floor, broke in upon my churlish reverie. " What, moping alone ?" cried the lieutenant, cheerily. " This will never do 1 Cheer up. old chap. You seem out of tiorts to-day." " Yep," said 1. wiping niy brow. " My In ad feels bad—it's the hot room, I tliiuk." " Well, come out with us iut.o the library." young Iladson went on. "Stay, though ! Lewiii lias just told me that you poscess a museum of your own— that is, a collection of bric-a-brac, silver ornaments and gewgaws Ihnl yon brought with you from tlie Hast. AYhat do you sa.v to displaying tliem to us both ? I should greatly relish seeing lliom." Upstairs WP went to my dressingroom—which ml joined niy bedroom— wliere stood the oblong inarqueterie table on wliieli the articles were ranged. Ciiey consisted of various silver Knickknacks of Indian filagree-work which I had picked up in Bombay a year before, with other bizarre samples of Oriental workuiausUip which had chanced to take uiy fancy. " Very interesting," said young Iladson. stifling a yawn, in the midst of my panegyrics. " Shall we go downstairs again ? 1 bear Tom singing." Haif a- moment," I interposed. "You haven't examined this yet." So saylup, I picked up what I vainly imagined to lie tlie gem of my odd collection—an elaborately carved ivory shealh. in which reposed a no less artistic Malay kriss. The sleel of the razor-edged weapon was fantastically inlaid with silver, and It possessed some sort of historic value in having once been owned by tho noto- rious dacoit, I.al Mangas. The slieath J banded to tbe lieutenant, while Lew in stretched out Ills hand for tbe keen, curved blade. " Very pretty, indeed," commented Hudson. "Worth something, that, I suppose ?" Meanwhile, Ijewln ran his finger along the edge of tbe kriss, a subtle smile upon his face. Then, as If seized with a sudden thought, lie 8truck a tragic attitude, lifting the knife high above his head. " Ha, ha !" lie cried, aping tlie orthodox transpontine villain. " It's his life or mine ! Shall 1 strike ? Hn, bn !" Hadson laughed hugely at the exconsul's ludicrous posture, a laugii In which l/cwin himself presently Joined. Then the kriss wns ouce more placed snugly in its sheath, nnd we returned to the drawing-room. By (bis time my cousin had dragged himself from Porotliy's side, being now pouted In close converse with her father. Thenceforward, to my mind, try as I might to win her attention, she appeared ,wocfuHy reticent. Several times I caught her eyes roaming ID Tom's direction, and the soul of me waxed wroth at the Inference I could not avoid drawing. And at one. time I thought she cared for me—thought she knew I cared for lier. At that moment the voice smote my enrs again with Its insinuating homethrust— " Only his life-only his life !" When the hour arrived for Mr. Cannan nnd Ills daughter to start for home, I escorted Dorothy to the carriage, Tom following at some little dlstancp behind with her father. The pressure of her soft palm still lingered In my hand when J went up to my room for tlie. nlglit. Once again, like muttered thunder In my oni'sj there rose the reiterated phrase— " Only his lire-Ms life T If. After a wild tossing about on my bed. hnrassed and feverish, at length I dozed off. Was It a dream I dreamed then—a linrrlble. torturing nightmare? With nil the strength that Is In me, I pray tlint such a dream may never again fall to my lot, I In the dend of night. T thought that an invisible. Irresistible energy clutched linld of me. Impelling me. helpless neainst'lls mandates, to deeds full of darkness. Ingratitude, nnd treachery. Tii obedience to its heliests. I dreamed that 1 rose from my bed. stole furtively Into my dresslncr-room. and there tonic the ugly kriss from its senhbard : I distinctly 'recollect that T chuckled softly —nil, the horror of II 1—ns T saw the glint of the steel In tlie monnliglit. Then. T knew not hn*v. 1 found mycplf gliding cautiously into my enu'sln's room, across the thick carpet to the side tit his bed. A swift, strong blow, deep Into llis heart, and It was done 5 A cry—boarae end nppnlllnc-broke ttK fltinmn«f the n'gfct, and this it waa, ! I aat up In bed shuddering. Merciful powers ! it was no dream ! Tlie longdinwn wail of mortal agony still rang upon the air. IV cauic from the adjoining room—I hat of my cousin Torn. A cold s\v"Ht pourinsr out all over me, 1 blindly crept Into my dressing-room mid struck a light. Yes, It wns no dream. The ilcinlly kriss. lyinsr liare and liloniiFl,lined on the little table convicted inc. As 1 snatched it up again, to gaze iiKliast al its gory edge, the iiiu!1!c.| K'i'oni) oner mure stni' K upon my ems. Still retniiiinc (In- we!n«in In my grasp. I dai'leil out into the ••orritlor. I saw tin' flicker of half-a-dozen randies, as, roused by the outcries, tbe i:in):ncs of the bouse hurried, pnnlcstrlrken, to the spot. Willi the ap of (lie lights. Tom raised himself upon his elhow. stretched llis arm towards me ns if in denunciation, and then fell lincl; -dead ! I have a dim vision of paled, awed faces around me. looking at me lialfconiiiassloiiatcly, hnlf-lnalhfngly : I saw the fearful gash in Toiu's breast, from which the blood still trickled : above all. like a scar in niy memory, I recall the red-tinged kriss around which my fingers tightened convulsively. When the police came I gir/ed at tliein blankly, unable In realise tlie Import of their queries. 1 replied to them, at hazard, incoherently— "His life!" I murmured, disjointedly. " I was In a dream. Soninntnlmllpm ! I don't understand. A crime—who says It wns a crime ?" The police Inspector shook his head pityingly, and turned to speak to young Iladson. " Yes, yes," snid tlin lieutenant, with evident reluctance. " It sounds like a confession. lje'll go quietly, I've no doubt. I'll accompany you, too." So they led me, dazed and impassive, away. In a vague kind of fashion I knew that I was being taken to prison, and I managed somewhat to rally my scattered faculties. There, was no ur=e in concealing the unconscious part I had played In this grim tragedy, and I unburdened my mind frankly. "It's a terrible business," snid Hadson, when I had finished. "No, I don't blame you exactly. In ihat half-sleeping, halfwaking state, you were hardly responsible for your actions. But It's a terrible —terrible business 1" He need not have told me that, for when I wns left alone the vivid recognition of m.v guilt was more than I could bear. The many instances in which I was indebted (o my cousin came to upbraid me with the baseness of my ingratitude in ever countenancing an 111- wisb towards him. And In what woy would his death benefit me now ? I could never lie rich with his wealth, nor possessed of his lands ; Dorothy, ton. would execrate my name, and hold my memory in deserved abliorenep. Nothing remained for me but the ghastly farce of trial and conviction : beyond loomed the gaunt, forbidding gallows, III. A man left alone with such thoughts as mine tastes an earnest of death. Tlie leaden hours passed slowly by. and although I could not have been inside the gaol over five hours, it seemed as ninny weeks to me before Lieutenant Hadson returned. " Phew !" he snid, eyeing me Intently. " You seem the ghost of yourself. Von ought not to give way like tin's." "Ought not. V" I echoed, bitterly. " Pe you expect me to laugh aud chince under my sin ?" "Come, come! it's not so bad ns all that," he added quickly, " I've n question or two to ask you. In th" tlrpt |i'-i*"p, why did you pitch mc that, talc a bout a gruesome dream '.'" " What do you mean T" I cried excitedly. "Why this—that you no more killed your cousin than I did !" "What ! Is Tom nol dead ?" " Unfortunately, yes. I!nt yen had no hand In causing his death. Tlie real murderer has been found- wundoi in™ half-clad, and raving mad, upon the moor." " The real murderer I" I repeated vacantly. " Have no fear : he Is in safe keeping now. He must have let himself out of the liouse immediately ufler the deed was done, still relaiiilug. in spite of his undoubted Insanity, a lurking notion of the necessity of flight. Of course, as soon ns we missed liim. tlie hue-and-cry was raised, with the result that he was discovered on tho moor, as I have snid, chattering to himself and chuckling over his atrocity. He particularly gloats over his frenzied cunning in hnving secretly filched the Malay kriss from your room, and in replacing It without, disturbing you, nflor he had put II to the vile purposes conceived by his crazed brain. Certainly, the poor fellow Is not accountable for Ids actions, yet his people are greatly to blame " " But," J interpdsed hastily. '' you have not told me who this madman is." "Why, it's the man you knew away In .Taffa—'Wallace Lewln. His friends were at once communicated with, and a brother of bis readied Westholme an hour ago. From him I learned that Lewln bas of late been somewhat, erratic In his bchnvlour, the outcome, no doubt, of the sunstroke he sustained a few "months back In the Levant. Ever since then he has been subject to periodic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly, nobody imagined that they would culminate, as they have done. In a seizure of homicidal mania. What impelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than upon any one else. I can't understand, unless, indeed, it was for the reason I have already mentioned— the apparent ease wltli which the murder could be fathered upon you. That, too, seems to be Mr. Cannan's theory." " Ah I Has Mr. Cannan been to the Towers ?" " He came directly he heard of Tom's death. By tbe way, we were all at fault with regard to Tom and Mr. Cannan's daughter. I had a long talk with the old man, and, from what he said, I conjecture that, Tom was endeavouring to smooth the path for you. Aware that her father would probably discountenance any engagement between you and : his child, because of your unsatisfaclory position financially. Tom-^tbe mnguanimous fellow—even hinted at settling ' a substantial annuity upon you, on con- 1 ditloii that Mr. Cannan withdrew all : obstacles. That expedient will now lio longer be needed ; equally, of course, ! Miss Onnnan knew nothing of these pending negotiations." i "And she?" I murmured. "Have yon seen or heard anything of her T' " Only that she is In a state of anxiety and indignation on account of your arrest, nigh bordering on distraction. Her father has gone to see about getting you out of this Infernal hole, and If I might advise you, I would suggest that you drive straight to his house, and set her at rest. Hark," added he, aa footsteps drew near the cdl door, " here COBM Mr. f»»nia to oiMttr 