SPORTING SHOTS. March. 4\. Murray Bridge Racing Club Meeting. 18\. Port Adelaide Racing Club Meeting. April. 3\. Onkaparinga Racing Club's Annual Meeting. Nominations, January 19; final payments and general entries, March 27. 3\. Laura Jockey Club Meeting. 8\. S.A. Tattersall's Club Meeting. May. 6, 10, 13. South Australian Jockey Club Autumn Meeting. Nominations, March 13 and April 24 ; weights, March 21 ; accept ances for principal races, March 27, April 24. 27, 29. Adelaide Racing Club, Limited, Birthday Meeting. J u XK. 3\. Third Day A. R.C., Birthday Meeting. The attention of Quiz's readers is called to the programme of the Laura Jockey Club, which appears in this issue. The meeting will be held on Easter Monday, April 3. Altogether there are nine items on the pro gramme, and they are the Trial Stakes, 1 mile, of 10 sovs.; Flying Handicap, 6 furlongs, with 20 so vs.; Hurdles, 2 miles, 30 so vs.; Laura Handicap, l\ miles, 50 so vs.; Jumpers' Fiat Race, l\ miles, 15 so vs.; Boo yoolie Stakes, 1 mile, 20 sovs.; and Hacks, 1 mile, 7 sovs. Nominations for Flying and Laura Handicaps, Hurdles, Jumpers* Flat Race, and Booyoolie Stakes will be received by the Secretary (Mr. James Spicer) on Monday, March 13. Acceptances and entries for Hacks and Trial Stakes must be in by 10 p.m. on March 27. Weights will be declared on March 20. The starting machine will be used, and special trains will leave Port Pirie for Laura at 11.20 on the day of the races, and return at 5.25. The racing at Caulfield on Saturday possessed a good deal of interest for South Australians, who were fairly represented at the meeting. Most of the horses that took part in the Hurdle Race are entered for the Oakbank meeting, and one of them, Chartreuse, was successful. He carried 3 lb. less than Mr. Hughes has alloted him, whilst Barton, who ran second, had 10 lb less than he is asked to carry on Easter Monday. The Oakleigh Plate went to the Sydney horse, Stand Off, who won as he liked from the Caulfield Cup winner, Hymettus, and another Sydney-sider in Whakawatea. Stand Off, who is engaged in the Caulfield Cup at 8 st., is by St. Blaise—Cone ? it. He has incurred a penalty for his win, and this will enable one or two that finished be hind him to reverse positions on Saturday in the Newmarket Handicap. Bloodstone and • Security were amongst the starters. Neither were quoted in the betting, but the former had a number of friends in Adelaide. A number of Newmarket horses were amongst the other starters, and one or two of them will probably be closer than five lengths to the winner at the finish of that race. Vigorous, who was supposed to have this race given to him by the handi capper, could get no nearer than fifth. Evanston was a starter in the Steeplechase, and his owner felt pretty confident of success. A report was circulated in the city that he had run second and his owner went home in a happy state of mind, thinking that he had at any rate paid his expenses with the 35 sovs., which went to the second horse. N.Z., the winner, and Bostedo, who ran third, are both engaged at Oak bank. The St. Albans stable scored in the Hawkesburn Handicap with Majestic, who won by a length and a half from Strathroy and Avalon. Viking was fancied by his Adelaide friends for the event. His nominator thinks he has a chance in the Aus tralian Cup notwithstanding his failure on Saturday. The Oakleigh Purse proved equally as soft a thing for Alix as the Purse did for Stand Off. The Trenton filly won easily by two lengths from Sky la and Valorous. The V.R.C. Autumn Meeting will commence at Fleming ton on Saturday. The principal event to b3 decided is the Newmarket Handicap, and a half dozen that Quiz likes are Hymettus, Veneda, Carrara, North British, Veloce, and Beachcomber. The result may be— Carrara or Venada ... 1 Beachcomber 3 The Australian Cup will be run on the following Tuesday. Le Var, Hymettus, Wait-a-Bit, and Bobadil are four that should run well, and of these Bobadil and Wait-a-Bit may prove the best. Races will be held at Murray Bridge on Saturday next, March 4. The order of the finish in the Trial Stakes maybe— Sauntress I Lac Bleu 2 Cannonite 3 Thackaringa heads the list in the Hurdle Race with 10 at. 9 lb., Her Ladyship coming next with 9 lb. less. These two should provide the winner, and they may run— Thackaringa ... ... 1 Her Ladyship ... ... 2 Prairie Flower ... 3 They are not a first-class lot in the Murray Bridge Cap, but a great race should eventuate, as they are well put together. The numbers may go up— Golden Fleece 1 Globe Trotter ... ... 2 Royalty ... ... 3 The Steeplechase may result as fol lows:— Rainbow ... ... 1 Cataract ... 2 Darkie 3 The places in the Selling Race may be filled by— Lac Bleu 1 Anglo 2 Miranda 3 The Swanport Handicap, six fur longs, may see the numbers go up— Cigarette ... ... 1 Nero ... 2 Royalty ... ... 3 At a meeting held at the Totness Hotel, Mount Pleasant, on Saturday evening it was decided to form a Racing Club. Mr. Allan Baker is at the head of the affair, and his ex perience in the racing and hunting field will be found very useful to the Mount Pleasant people in arranging the preliminaries for their first meet ing, which will be held shortly. Mr. A. B. McLean was appointed Hon. Secretary. Hainault has strained the muscles of his back, and is now under the care of a vet. The following paragraph is clipped from the Sporting Judge :—4 Iramoo was scatched on Saturday afternoon for the Hurdle Race to be run to-day because he "cut himself" in the Hurdle Race that afternoon. Now, I don't know whether such a reason was given by Mr. Miller for use having been made oj the scratching pen, but summing it up from an outsider's view it strikes me such a reason is so much " tommy-rot." If one of the reports had read—" Iramoo was scratched because Mr. Miller did not want to give the V.A.T.C. handi capper a chance of showing what he now thinks of the gelding." It would have sounded more reasonable to me. Scratching him that afternoon because he had cut himself, indeed !! 1 Give me the smelling salts. Whit has a ghost of a chance of beating him in the Onkaparinga Hurdle Race, any how, even with his 14 lb. penalty V 