ACTA POPULI. By the Flatjsuk. Now is the winter of our Lenten Fast made glorious by the smell of the roasted Easter goose, and all the salt fish that filled our house' in the deep bosom of the dirt-box buried. It has been a trying time for most of us, however, and, personally, I don't think I can ever look a garSsh or a sardine in the face again for fear that I may have eaten its father and mother and the whole of its unfortunate relations. The effect of the forty days' fast must be good, how ever, and its establishment was one of the most beneficial acts of the Catholic Church, even apart from its religious intentions. Australians are credited with being the largest meat-eaters in the world ; meat is full of the material from which ?uric acid is made, and the results of too much uric acid in the blood are gout, neuralgia, rheumatism, and a red-hot temper that flies off the handle at the slightest provocation, and would worry the soul of a saint, if he or she had to live with the unhappy owner of it. I don't believe in vegetarianism at all* I gave it a fair and impartial trial for a whole week, and at the end of that time I felt worse than Nebuchadnezzar when he was turned out to grass. A judicious mixture of aniaial and vegetable food seems to be the best for man, but we should be careful not to take too much of even that. The tired, out-of- sorts feeling from which most of us suffer half the days of our Jive3 is mainly due to eating things that we shouldn't, or to eating too much of the things that we should. ooo It has been truly said that man is a machine formed by the consumption of simples during a thousand years before a cookery book of any kind was heard of, whether ia Egyptian papyrus or NineTite terra-cotta. We come of races which lived upon a diet of nuts and roots and pulse and grain, of j races which were foreign to good dinners till the other day, and we are no fit receptacles for them yet. The sturdiest races to-day are the poorest in the way of food. During the Rusao Turkish war the Ottoman soldiers — mere villagers —bravely marched and fought for months together on a piece of black bread and a gourdful of water » hardening rather than weakening under that literally ' black fast' regimen ; and when they were wounded in so ghastly a way that your gallant Frenchman or your stout Briton would have died from shock at the mere sight of himself similarly hacked,' they were still able to tramp to the hos pital and get about again in a month or so as full of fight as ever. . oo o The Turkish porters who live on a cucumber a day or the like, are the strongest race in the world ; the Kussian troike-driver stands, the fiercest winters on one meal a day, and a precious poor meal at that; and some of the finest men and women on the face of the earth to-day are to be found among the Irish peasants, whose staple item of food is the potato — the properly-cooked potato, of course, The Turkish soldiers referred to lived an outdoor peasant life, ?with a wholesomeness and hardness in them derived from centuries of frugality enforced by povercy, and- of,. temperance enforced by religion. And that is why they were able to trudge along by the side of hospital waggons with a cigarette between their shattered jaws or with a bullet shifting, or seeming to shift, with every movement of their shoulders. There is a deal to be said in favour of the hardships of poverty after all. o o o As a contrast to the frugal eaters above-mentioned it* -is' worth while to take a passing glance at the wonderful feeding feats recorded of historical glut tons.- Lucullus, for instance, revelled in eel-livers, peacocks' and pheasants' brains, phenicopters' tongues, and lamprey melts ; in fact, he seems to have lain awake at night trying to think of novel and nasty dishes. Marc Antony had eight whole boars roasted for supper, and if he didn't have a prize medal nightmare after that his stomach must have been lined with sheet-iron. Peter the Great's favourite dinner was a soup com posed of four cabbages, gruel, pig, with sour cream for sauce, cold roast meat, with pickled cucumbers, lemons and lampreys, salt meat, ham, and Lim burgher cheese that used to stand up on the table and bark at the guests. On one occasion, it was only a small one, too, Peter and his party, 21 in number stopped at Portsmouth, and put away for breakfast half a sheep, a quarter of lamb, ten pullets, twelve chickens, seven dozen eggs, salad in proportion, and drank three quarts of brandy and six quarts of mulled wine. OOO Naturally enough, Peter and his party felt slightly better after that appetizing little meal, and were enabled at the dinner which followed to dis pose of five ribs of beef (weight 421bs), one sheep (56lbs), three quarters of lamb, a shoulder and loin of boiled veal, eight pullets, eight rabbits, two and a-half dozen of beer, and one dozen of claret. Then they concluded that they would be able to bear up until tea-time, when they surrounded a similar gigantic repast. No wonder Peter was called ' The G[reat.' As a feeder he was simply prodigious. The good old customs connected with Easter are, I fear, dying out, like those of Christmas. No one thinks of preparing the Easter eggs nowadays, and even the sun seems to be too busy to keep up his old-time pleasantries, for he doesn't dance half as lively on Easter morn as Jimmy Shields, the one legged jigger, does at the Tivoli. Everything has to give way to the mad fool-headed rush after wealth, and very often when wealth is secured we are too tired after our desperate struggles to enjoy it. Everything about the Easter festival is, or rather used to be, distinguished by its joyous brightness. No weird stories are told on Easter eve and no ghosts walk at Easter time— or at any other time for that matter. 0 0 0 The late Mr. Deeming did a deal to shatter the absurd belief in ghosts, I fancy, for if ever a man ought to be troubled by ghosts it was Deeming. At his trial it was proved that he murdered his wife at Melbourne, buried her under a hearth-stone, and then slept peacefully, night after night, within a few feet of his victim. Until then I had some faint hopes that I might one night bob up against a real ghost in the dark ; for to a pressman an interview with a genuine ghost would lead to a small fortune. But there are no ghosts; there never were any ghosts, and there never will be. Many people, truthful, honest people, too, will tell you they have seen a ghost ; but it was something that could have been explained away as the result of natural cause s. 0 0 0 Speaking on this spooky subject, a leading, London theatrical manager, who has made a fortune bv the production of novel entertainments of various kinds, recently said — ' No one has ever made more earnest inquiries about ghosts, haunted hou&es;, and the like than I have, and though I had an open mind on the matter for years, I now de clare that I have not one atom of belief in anyone ever having seen a veritable spirit, though many have thought they have done so. The reason why I am so sceptical is that, with a vastly rich partner, I publicly announced for years that if any genuine ghost that periodically walked could be found, I would hand over £1000 at once to the person who introduced the ? spook, and would give a very handsome royalty to the person who owned the haunted premises. There is a tremen dous fortune to be made out of a real live ghost, for at a guinea a head the supernatural show would be crowded all the year round, even thuugh it lasted only from midnight till cockcrow.' The great fortune awaiting the man who can show a genuine ghost remains unclaimed, simply because the star character, the ghost, does not exist. Let every parent impress this fact on their children's minds, and I'll be able to take credit for having done one good deed this Easter. ooo A haunted house was discovered in South Mel bourne a few weeks ago, and for a time it com manded as much attention as Federation, or even the selection of the cricketing team for England. A -family bought the house, and apparently the ghost was thrown in as an ' extry.' At any rate on the first night after taking posses»ion the new-comers were disturbed by the sound of a mysterious voice, whirh seemed to come from one of the walls. This voice, heard in the silent watches of the night, when churchyards yawn and the enterprising burglar prizes up our windows, and divers other unpleasant things occur, had a marrow-freezing, hair-raising effect. It was a weird, hollow sort of voice, and sounded like that of Jawbone Neild talking politics through a gaspipe while down with a bad attack of bronchitis. It was heard at night only, and the words spoken were disconnected and jerky, and uttered at long intervals. They had no particular meaning ; sometimes only a single word would be heard during a whole anxious night, and that would be one which suggested that if the doomed spirit that spoke it wasn't in a decidedly hot place, it richly deserved to be. ooo This ghostly game went on for a month or so ; the closest investigation revealed nothing, and the members of the Pyschological Society were congra tulating themselves upon having ' yarded' a real live ghost at last. One night the owner of the haunted house mustered up courage enough to go to the spot from whence the awful sounds were heard, and in grave but trembling tones called out» ' Who is there ? If you be really a spirit from the other world, and there is anything that troubles your rest, any unpunished crime, any communica tion you would make to persons in this world, speak and I will obey all your commands. Speakf unhappy spirit, speak !' Then the spirit spoke, and what it said was this, ' Oh ; you go to h — 1 1 Pint o* beer for cocky ! Per-rutty cocky ! Cocky wants a pint o' beer !' Further investigation showed that an ancient and abandoned cockatoo, the property of a neighbour, had discovered a means of making his way up between the weather boards of the walls and the linings, where he slept every night. The disreputable bird t-aiked in his sleep, and his dreams by night and his speech by day ran on the. alluring subject of beer. And so another ghost hit its shins against a snag and sank to rise no more. o oo The Lenten fast must have had a very demoraliz ing effect upon poor old ' Granny' of Hunter - street, for while maundering about the fearfuj Barrier Heef catastrophe the other day she said : 'The great storm has reaped its sad harvest. Surely a very tragic holocaust, to be made in so sudden a manner.' It would be hard to find more mistakes — more diabolical outrages committed on the Queen's English, in so small a space as ' Granny ' has compressed hers. The only thing like it that I remember was the reply of the Public school urchin, who, when a passer-by pointed to an excited woman in the distance and said : ' Don't you hear your mother calling you ?' replied : ' Her isn't a callin' we. Us don't belong to she !' How a storm at sea could 'reap a harvest ' ought to be a greater mystery to' 'Granny' than the Reid - Want-Dibbs cablegrams, and as a 'holocaust' means a burnt offering, the whole ot which is con sumed by fire, the Pacific Ocean is about the last place anyone, except a doting old woman, would look for such a thing. Evidently ' Granny ' took too much ginger-pop with her salt ling during Lentt but atill there is a good ''Yea, verily' twang about her storm statements which will cover much j of her sinning. ooo „'?... The above recalls a queer error which I noticed while perfecting myself in the English Church Catechism, so as to be able to talk piously to Lord ' Beecham' and paralyse Lady Mary Lygon (you must pro nounce it 'Liggon,' please, when you call to see us at Government House) by my devotional erudi tion. In the Catechism referred to there is the ques tion, 'What is your name ?' and the pupil is told to answer ' N, or M,' as the case may be. That is wrong. It should be N or N. N ; that is, in Latin, nomn autnomina, 'name or names.' That mistake was made ever so long ago when the first Catechism waa being set up in type, and it not only shows how long some mistakes can live, but it also throws the halo of antiquity over that jocular gent, the ' in telligent compositor.' J Lastly, can anyone explain why the number of Magi of the Gospel is set down as three r St. Mathew, the only Evangelist who mentions them simply says :— ' There came wise men from the East to Jerusalem.' St. Augustine inferred there were three ' wise men' because three kinds of gifts were offered— gold, frankincense, and myrrh, but in the early representations and those of the Roman Catacombs, the number of Magi is variedi In one of these paintings— that in the cemetery of St. Domitilla — there are four Magi, while in an other—that of St. Peter and St. Marcellus— only two are shown. ooo Now' it behoves me to put aside my theological teachings, for the mortal remains of the Eastar goose have to be hashed up, and the winner of th© Sydney Cup requires to be picked, and passes for the Circus and Show must be secured, the bun gorged children must be physicked, and a heap of other Easter duties have to be attended to. And so I will conclude by wishing our readers one and alL —A Happy Eastertide and many of them. 