a wjman with a history. MRS. LANGTRY'S AUTOBIOGRAPHY. „the mischievous family of the dean." I nm English — English to the back bono— for I "'lis born In the Islnml of Jersey, which lins been a British possession from the time of the conquest, unci, Indeed, we Islanders claim to be the oldest English. My father, tiie Venerable Dean Lo Breton, was a direct descendant of the Le Bretons of Normandy. Mr family lins been In the Island since the eighth century, and has figured In most of die historic events of Jersey. Tombs of the lc Bretons arc to be seen everywhere in the church of St. Saviour's; Lo Bretons figure In die famous Bnyeux tapestry. In the well known picture of the Bnttle of Jersey my greiit-grcnt-uncle Is seen urging the troops to the fight, though he was a Deau; the fly- lug figure of a woman represents my great- grandmother, and the child- In her arms Is my grandfather. Thus It came to pass thnt the deanery of St. Saviour's, Jersey, in which I fii'st saw the light, was a kind of heredi tary holding. My father was appointed to It at the curly age of 28, after a very short .nnrenticeship iu holy orders as a curate at St. Olavc's, Southwark, und as the chap lain of Newgate. \- yiy father was undoubtedly a very bril liant scholar. He was educated at Winches ter, anil was then a Fellow of Exeter College, Oxford. He loft college at an age when most youths are entering It, for ho was only 10 when he took his degree. He wus a very due elocutionist. The Shakspenrlan readings, or rather, recitations, which he gave for dif ferent churches from time to time were flocked to by the whole Island, and there Is little doubt that he would have made his murk as an orator. Perhaps any aptitude that I may have shown for the stage lias been Inherited front him. Nobody took greater Interest in my professional career, or was so pleased at any smull success that I may have obtained than my father. I-Ie had a marvellous memory, and could recite a whole play of Shukspearc without a mis take. I Inherit that quality; my memory has been of great use to mo In my profes sion. I do not always read carefully; but what I read attentively I never forget. My father had advanced ideas, for his (line, with regard to the education of women. That accounted for the peculiar way In which my education wus carried on. I never went to school, but started under the charge of a governess. She, however, was soon supplanted by tutors, aud I had to learn Greek, Latin and German, among other things, from the best masters that Victoria College could supply. Music and drawing I worked at enthusiastically— especially music -and I showed some musical talent, for I played more thuu once at the local con certs. And then I would dream sometimes of being a singer, sometimes of being a painter; but, strange to say, never once In those early days did the thought once enter my head of becoming an actress. Puritanical Ideas were still dominant in the Island gene rally. To be one of seven children, and the only girl, might convey the Impression that I was likely to be spoilt. On the contrary, I had to take my position on the "bnttle field" ol sport with six roliust and athletic brothers, all of whom, with one exception, were oldet than myself, and all of whom were wild creatures, full of nuiinul spirits and the love of mischief. Tc tills very day I shudder at the thoughts ol the kicks I received at football, the danger ous position of wicket keeper I was Invari- ably forced Into at cricket, and the blows on S the nose that made my mother Insist upon my giving up boxing, much to the disgust of my brothers, who were doing their host, as they proudly observed, "Lo make a man" of me. Their efforts did not end with theBe en deavors, by any means. Amongst other wild pranks, I remember, they conceived the Idea of sending my youngest brother and myself, mounted on stilts, enveloped In sheets, with phosphorus paint smeared ou our faces and hands, to patrol the ancient churchyard, ad joining the deanery paddocks, at the witch ing hour of midnight. It was the very same rtnrehynrd from which our. great-great-uncle harangued tlid troops on the morning of the battle of Jersey. But what a change in the circumstances! He was there to Inspire his men with courage; our object was to fill be lated Islanders with dread, and to such au extent did wo succeed that letters were writ- ton to the local newspapers, threatening to sbont anything in the neighborhood that looked like a ghost. At the same time, everybody on the Island, the nollco Included, knew full well tbat the ghostly apparitions -were probably the result of another of the innumerable pranks of the mischievous family of the Dean. There is no doubt the "natives" had a pretty shrewd Idea of where to look for the offenders. But they never took us -seriously; their love for the Le Bretons seemed to condono every thing. Another frenk of ours Was the an nexation or exchange of door knockers. I nm ashamed to state that I have walked for ndles with nfy upheld skirts filled with these useful and decorative articles, with the sole object of glvln-g tbem a change of air, or, rather, a change of paint, for we would place a highly polished brass knocker on a laborer's cottage, and trans plant his broken apology for one to a man sion three miles ofT. Looking back on our childhood days, I nm Inclined to think tbat, In spite of our care less freaks, there xvas n softer side to our nature as well. I well remember a shrivelled old hlanehisseuse named Madame Soyer, Who used to trnndle her washing up and down the St. Saviour's Hill at most untimely hours. Many were the occasions on which we laid In wait for her to throw her, In spite of hor shrieks aud expostulations, on the top of hor baiTow of linen, and wheel her home to her Ivy-covered cottage. The love of horses has been' with rae al ways. This passion was shared by my young est brother Reginald; that aud the closeness of our age were the reasons why we .were very great choms. Our -first atteinpt at an equlpnge may ho worth relating. We pro cured the rumble of an old carriage of my father's, hud It put on wheels by the local carpenter — we got the shafts by abstracting the long poles ' from the old-fashioned shower hath of. my; father's, wldeli made him very furious for bo had n pas sionate love for his bath— and then wo harnessed a donkey to It, with homo made hnrness of rones and odds and ends. At a stipend of 2»d. per week we secured a tiny boy to stand — as "tiger"— ou a ledge behind the turnout. We made him wear one of tlic dean's hats, with rosettes and strings com plete, hut In spite of all the paper wo could ram Inside It, the brim of the lint would descend, after half an hour's jolting in tills most precarious position, to the top of the small servitor's nose. The boy alsr wore my brother's Sandhurst coal with buttons, which Iucreased the absurdity of his appcnrunec. I was then only 10 years old, hut I can quits Imagine the effect we produced. as 'we di-ox-i gaily about the place, ' feeling very pleases wan one nuoiner. My sporting career also began nt the early age of 11. I was still a child when this same brother purchased' a racehorse. Most penple interested In sport have heard of the victory of my horse, Mllforsl, .but It Is quite an error to suppose that he was .my first winner, for I went through the trials nnsl anxiety of ownership — 1 should say part ownership — nt a very early and tender ago. The name of our purchase wns Flirt;' she was a hay mare of uncertain age arid very uncertain forelegs. We gave the princely sum of £4 10/ for her. The Jersey races were at that time under no rulsss whatever, nnsl the stakes hnrslly worth winning; only animals of soinc- , what blemishes! reputation and sliasly selling plate antecedents, ever found their way to the Jersey racecourse. One reason, no doubt, was that If the horses that were en tered failed In fulfilling their mis sion of winning a race, after tbolr two hours' rough passage across tho Channel, th'py xvore disqualified for any meeting under Jockey Club rules for the rest ef their natural lives, antl were, therefore, Put up to auction and sold -for whatever they would fetch. From what I have already written, yon -, will have gathered that my father was a 1 very long suffering ' and Indulgent parent, 1 tad indeed ho was; hut we feared the effect 1 of Introducing a racehorse to lilin. Flirt was, I therefore, brought to the Deanery stables I as a hack, nnd put to steady training. In I these proceedings I was again the victim. I To save my brother's dignity. It wns I who tail to ou responsible for taking out the al- I k'Sed hack. I had to mount, or rather, xvas I thrown, like another Mnzcppn, on the hack I '1 the animal, while my brother, on the | state nnd quiet "Teggy," a perfectly safe ay neast, of French extraction, on .which I-xvns 81 'nenstomed to take my exercise, ambled by Ml By side. But when xvc reached an adjacent flj I fjtninon, the saddles were exchanged, nnd H / Wkglo and I led the thoroughbred as well HI ns we could on her exercise gallops. W Jwfkle must have had a natural gift for M 'fining— for he certainly lfiid had no ex- ggj nerlenco in turf matters— and the upshot of m k was that, ridden and trained In this way, Flirt won a race, worth £30 to the winner, | the first time of nsklng." It Is sad to re- I late that this race broke Flirt do-wu com pletely, and though we expended the whole I of the winnings on advertised stuffs for blis tering, and so on, we utterly failed to set our heroine on her legs again. Nothing succeeds llko sueeoss, however, nnd emboldened by the manner In which it xvas received by the head of the family, xve subsequently made X'arious purchases of broken down or vile tempered thoroughbreds. 1 t hese, lioxvcvor, unanimously failed lo place us any higher on the list of local xvlnnlug oxvners. Disgusted xvitli failure, xve dis posed of our racing stud, nnd so ended the first part of my turf career. As the only daughter of the dean of the island and a most precocious miss, any duties shirked by my mother fell upon me, and I xvas frequently called upon to present the prizes nt the various pnroclilnl nnd national schools, often to pupils older than myself. This xvas the kind of life I led— healthy, free, unconscious— until the day I sailed axvay Into the great xvorld, the second xvlfe i ' - it n g try — for Mr. Lnngtry xvas a wldoxvor. xvlien he married ine. I xvns a true daughter of the Island— strong, full of life, but, at the same time, shy, self-distrustful aud xv 1 tli many of -the misgivings of the Puri tans xvlion people spoke as to anything which savored of joy. I xvas a strict Sabbatarian; I dreaded the theatre; I felt myself abashed and miserable In society. I xvas not a prophetess in my own country. I had never been spoken of or spoken to of having nny attractions above the common. (ITIPO. ntlfl Mtnrx nn1» — T > i _ .. »>it3 j. yam a comim- ' raent before I left. the Island. A xvoll knoxvn man of fashion-still well knoxvn socially— said to me; hut I must not repent compli ments. You will judge, then, of the curl- cxoiteinetiti the mingled surprise and gratification, with which I began to find, on a visit I paid to London, that people shoxved some anxiety to meet me. It all came -upon me suddenly, nnd without the least expec tation, or much less searching, on my part. I was just a month In London when It be- ru11, first time I became conscious of thus attracting attention xvas at an evening party at Lady Sebright' s. The pnrty was on a Sunday evening; nnd I remember still 'l;"xer .8,cns,? ot- wrong doing with xvlileh I xvont for the first time In my life to a pnrty thn-fn id"y' Wllen 1 got there, I found that people seemed anxious to speak to me, and that several distinguished men and xxomon, whose names were familiar to uie- lillLV't0 Up t0 JM» were remote— xvero Intro- hw r l,no" C0,lUI onI-v tlllnk 11 1 the time ami pcople were extremely polite good natured; and that I xvas lucky In finding such kind friends. Then came invi tation on Invitation; then paragraphs In the newspapers; and In short, with much- sur- nlcoeodnde,.lrit0nl8llraellt' antl wlth ceLtaluly lru. ni,I r. Ioss reuson' 1 twoko one morn- log, like Byron, nnd round myself. If not famous, nt least a good deal noticed. J',En a P"'011 of what I may per- hre ,m 'mmonee- social success, xvind- I. xv lib a scene at a draw- . In Buckingham Palace, when great lady shoxved her Interest In Biylhnt I 8t0ry' Su,lic<-' It to alto, even In the most cx- T ?IS, n|y Por untie nnd fame had hm i curiosity, It uot Interest. Tills xvas all agreeable, even Intoxicating rill t the day came xvben I had to face the terrible problem of making my own l vo hood a problem that, except for my health, strength nnd good educntlonnl train ing, I was entirely unprepared for. I xvill m!ti8p. o£ "" tlle different projects which Unshed across my mind or xvero suggested to me, and after all, the pursuits In which a xvoman can earn her oxvn livelihood can be summed up xvlth painful brevity, especially If she has had the soft rearing of a lady. 1 xv 1 1 1 say nothing of this epoch of uncertainty , and stress, further than I had abundant op- . portunlty of seeing both Rides and both tares ; of human nature— the side that greets those , xvlio are supposed to he successful, nnd the : side from which comes the troxvn or the . stare xx-hlch confronts those who arc sup i posed to have mot with disaster. But lei i that pass. ; After many vacillations T resolved that the . host thing for me to do xvns to go on the . stage. It was hard work to start with. 1 nau to go over my part tor hours every day for weeks, and often my heart sank xvltliln me. But I hnx'e, I am glad to say, a good deal of tenncity of purpose: nnd I was de termined to succeed. And before I ever ap peared on the stage, two good friends, Sir Squire nnd Lady Bancroft, believed In my ability; and gnx'e me a good engagement at xvlmt xvas for a beginner a large salary. I need not recall thnt debut nt the Hnymnrkot Theatre; suffice It to sny thnt I xvent on the stage trembling all over: scarcely able lo speak from excitement, nervousness, nnd my sense of how much depended on my failure or success In this new departure In my life. TIoxv I acted I do not knoxv; hut the result was that I wns started on my profession ex tremely well; that I drexv large houses In the Hnymnrkot Theatre: and that when, soon after, I xvent on a provincial tour, I played everywhere to large audiences, and when I came back there was a considerable smn of money to my credit, und an offer to go to America and play there. There, for the moment. I leave the story of my life. I have often been asked to publish my recollections, and sometimes T have been offered a large sum to do so. The editor of "M.A.TV' has been the first that has ever succeeded Iti making me break silence on my life.— "M.A.'P." 