REVIEWS OF BOOKS. 'The Adventures of Francois,' by S. Weir Mitchell, M.D.; M&cmillan; & Co., London, per W. C. Rigby. Adelaide.— In -£ a foundling, thief, juggler, and fencing uaster during tlie French revolution— a de ightful scamp, whose bad qualities arc nore than counterbalanced by his good, b'rancoin's infancy was cared for by 'the ;ood fathers of the Benedictine Asylum for Jrph.ins. In due time he became a choir ray, but having the double misfortune of osing his voice and getting into trouble -ver a cat and a damsel, he preferred the rorld to a monastery, so ran away from the .-horisters of Notre Dame. His ups and lowm in the world are good and amusing reading. As for his politics, Francois was ill for the Bonnpnrtists, who, he said, were magnificent thieves, whereas he had never t-een able to rise to the very highest level )f his business. This gay, merry-hearted rogue uses aixdogetic words but once. 'I am now old. I suppose, from what I im told, that I was wicked when I was roung. But if one cannot see that be was i sinner what then? The good God who made me knows that I was but* a little Ishmaelite, cast adrift on the streets to feed as 1 might; I defend not myself. I blame not the chances of life, nor yet the xiucation which fate gave me. It was made to tempt one in need of food and shelter, 'lis a great thing to be able to laugh easily and often, and this good gift I had; and so, whether in safety or peril, whether homeless or housed, 1 have gone through life merry. I have always liked better the sun than the shadow; and as to my reliev ing my wants, are the birds thieves?' irancois' death was hastened by the loss of a parrot which he had taught to cry 'Vive Bonaparte.' One morning Poll was stolen by some adroit bird-purveyor. Fran cois deeply resented the theft. He con sidered himself humbled by the fact of any one being able to steal from a man bred up to the business. He so raissc^ bis feathered companion that for the first time he became depressed, and at last took to his bed. He died quietly a few weeks after, saying to the priest who had given him the final rites of the Church— 'M. le Cure, the gold snuff box the duke gave you — r' 'Well, my son?'' 'The left-band ]-ocket is the safer; we look not there.' Then half-wandering, he cried— 'Adieu. Master Time! Thou art the best thief, after all.' Dr. Weir Mitchell, the author of this capital romance, is in his seventy: ninth year, und is one oi the oldest of American writers, wfto made a uamc for hiuwelf by Iris admir able novel 'Hugh Wynne.' The hero of the story under notice is a real personage, and the narrative of his career brings vi vidly before the reader the life of the lower Parisian classes in the terrible days of 'The Terror.' 'Tlie Open Question ' by Elizabeth Ro bits (C. h. ivaimonrit. William Heinemann, London. In this powerful story of Ameri can life at the closo, of the Civil War the author's talent for portraiture is seen to perfection, mote especially in the character of the old Southern slave-owner,' Mrs. Gano. After the war, which ruins the family, Mrs. Gano, her son, and her daugh ter \ aleriu betake themselves to ;i Western home, and great are the lamentations in the negro quarters when the slaves are told lo go out into the world to taste the bittjr and the sweet of independence. Uld Mrs. Gnno is brave under suffering and full of aristocratic pride. Her death is described thus:— Emmie had come in from visiting a young girl who was not expected to live. 'Oh, grandma, you should have seen her, so gentle and so resigned, saying good-by to all her friends.'' 'H'm. 1 consider that an unnecessary strain on the f-.-elin-' 'Oh. no,' remonstrated Emmie, 'it was beautiful. She- nrayed for us all.' ??*he might do that, without making a scene.' 'Oh. grandma, you can't realize what it wes like. 1 never xtw any oittr so ready lor the other life as Ada Hrown.' ''Oh yes, you have. The best 'getting ready' i-n't done on -lc-''|i''--i«. ' 'You're so unsyinputhctic,*' muvinurcd the girl. '^e*; I've hated scenes all my lite; but df all- bed scenes I consider indecent.' 'Oh!' Emmie got up, and with deeply injured looks prejiated to withdraw. 'If you haven t do:ie your best it's too late when you're dying to try and inend things. If you've done your best there's ro more to be said.' And no more w.is said for several hours. Tlie old *.ady lay in :i peaceful state, took the half-hourly restoratives from Valeria, but was visib:y wtaker on each occasion. Kf-u.in went out and sent, for the doctor. He came back in time to lift the hah'un conscious form, while Val held a glass to the pale lips. 'Enough,' she whi.«pered; 'lay me down.' And it was done. S|iei opened Iik eyes, and faintly pressed Val's baud. 'Go&il; girl,' she said. A slight spasm passed over her face. She turned her head away, clutched the f-heot. and with what seemed a superhuman effort drew it over her face. Ethan put out hi» hand to take it away, but Val nrrestcd him. 'Don't! don't! She would never let anv cue sec when ehc suffered.' The girl fell sobbing at the bedside. Some time after Vnl drew the linen down. The suffering was over. So was the long life. That the story is a depressing one cannot he denied, ami yet it is a fasrinatins one. The reader's sympathies with the principal i'luracters. notably the old lady and tue lovers Valeria and Ethen, are enlisted at the start, and arp strengthened a* tlie story proceeds Notwithstanding it* prolixity— und that it is 'long-winded' all nmS admit —the novel, taken all round, is one of the most remarkable tlmt lias come under our notice for some time. 'The Two Magics.' by Henry James; William Heinemann, London.— 'The volume contains two stories, one entitled 'The Turn of the Screw' and the other 'Cover- ing End,' but the connection of the titles with the stories is by no means plain. The first is a tale of the supernatural, in which the ghosts of a dead valet and a dead governess get mixed up with a couple of lovely living orphans, a very much-alive governess, and a buxom housekeeper. The incoherency of this tale and the silly, trashy nature of the other are enough to exasperate the most indulgent reader. 'English Pro«.' bv J. Lottie Robertson, M.A.; William Blaekwood' & Sons Edin burgh and London.— This book for junior and senior elates contains extracts from the best Engliph and American authors, which, among many others, include Sir Walter Ser-tt. Thnekerav. Dickon*. Tvn dall, Lowell, and Macaulay. The brief hioeraphieal notice* of the various writers are hiehly interesting, besides being models of condensation. 'StormonthV Handy School Dictionary ;' Wiliinip. Blackwood &. Sons. Edinburgh and London.— In this new edition of a pot-ujar work even- care ha* been taken to bring the information up to present 'UU\ »nd th» value of the hook is considerably. enhanced by the introduction of additional terms in strndard use. An appendix contains -Eng- lish suffixes with their significations. 'Oeolocy: An Intenwdvite T'xt-book.' by Charles T-ap worth; William Blackwood »&d; Sons, Edinburgh and l»ndon.— In this work special attention ha* been paid to the peocTaphical diffusion of the geological for Ration* in Great Britain and forc'urn coun tries, their distribution being illustrated hr a tDecial aeries of map*. The work i« ad mirably suited to meet the wants of the beginner in the science. 'TSing« of Fr*rrday:' William Black wood & Son?, Edinburgh and London.— This bock consist* of selected portions of Profewor Johnston'* 'C'h«mi»try of Com mon Life,' which has served zs a model, both as to method and matter, for much of the popular scientific literature of recent times. IU perusal will give both young and old an educative view of those erery-day thinpx with which all come into constant and immediate contact. 