THE HERALD. ADELAIDE: JANUARY 7. 1899. THE NATIONALIZATION OF HEALTH. It is only of late years we have awoke to the fact that the public health is a State interest. " Familiarity breeds contempt." We are so familiar with our bodies that we treat them with less respect than our hats and bonnets. Just as a man who lives within a stone's throw of Stonehenge or the Tower of London will spend his life without visiting these places, and be rather proud of his apathy, so we behave towards the marvellous piece of mecha nism called a man or a woman. We have a Minister of Education, and have already forgotten that State schools are novelties. We have no Minister of Health, and the idea of such a person coming into the Ministry would just now be laughed at. However, all over the world the idea of the nationalization of health is gaining adherents; and the laisser-faire system is losing favor with all but the most antiquated Conserva tives. Dr. Caesar de Paepe, the son of a workman and physician to one of the largest hospitals in Brussels, set the ball rolling at the International Workers' Congress of 1889, Havelock Ellis gave it a kick with his book on the "Nationalization of Health," and now no one dares deny the assertion that "the health of the people is of supreme importance." " Prevention is better than cure," says Havelock Ellis, "and what we want for all is fresh air and reasonable garments, cleanliijess in the full sense of the word, pleasant work and varied exercise, wholesome and abundant food, and the [healthful play of the secretions and excretions." That we are very far from enjoying these things at present our factories, shops, and mines show us. The science of hygiene is still in its cradle. Never theless the ball rolls on, and one day we shall see a Minister,of Health in every Cabinet. Last year all England was roused to red-hot indignation by the story of what girls suffer from lead poisoning in the northern districts. The trade unions are taking the matter up, and the " white lead ghosts" will no doubt be the means of rousing thousands of workers to the consideration of the sanitary conditions under which they exist at present. Wliat is the use of men who overwork and underpay their * employes salving their consciences by becoming patrons of hospitals ? Who wants a ticket of admission to a hospital from a man who denies to the people he employs air and space and proper sanitary arrangements ? The day for-such "charity" has gone by. It amounts to little at the present time, and the sooner the whole of it disappears the better for all of us. We want our State hospitals to be places to which all can go without taint of pauperism, because all contribute directly or indirectly to the taxes which in the main support these places. Besides, the contributors who now have the privilege of recommending in-door and out-door patients know nothing about illness. We do not want our hospitals filled by the semi-sick. We can't afford it. No patient should be admitted to a hospital without a doctor's certificate. Of course this means that all doctors must become in some way or other attached to a State hospital and paid by the Government. The first duty of a hospital is to focus and foster medical and surgical talent, for this is the mainspring of our health and happi ness. It is impossible for one man, however clever, to be prepared at a moment's notice to undertake cases of every description "from abscess to anaemia, from baldness to bronchitis, from colic to cirrhosis, from delirium tremens to dropsy, from epilepsy to epithelioma, from febricula to fistula, from gangrene to gout, from haemorr hoids to hernia, from inflammation to insanity, from knock-knees to klepto mania, from rickets to rheumatism, etc." Each day science breeds a greater number of specialists. Doctors cannot now excel in more than one direction, although they maybe "all round men" in general practise. Besides, nowadays, medicines and instruments cost so much that unless up-country doctors are attached to some State hospital they cannot keep in touch with science. The majority of hospital doctors are now underpaid and overworked. In England a penny per head is all that the physicians receive from the 80,000 patients yearly admitted into the hospitals and in firmaries. In Adelaide some of the doctors in our State institutions work day and night—witness the doctor of the Destitute Asylum and the State Children s Department, who is also a consulting physician of the Adelaide Hospital. It is no better with the doctor who looks after the State lunatics. As to dentists, laisser-faire runs riot in their midst, and the consequence is a great deal of ill-health which is put down to other causes than the teeth. The routine examina tion of children's teeth at school has been introduced in some places with excellent results; but our children's teeth are supposed to take care of themselves at present. Now that the trade unions are beginning to study hygiene, we may hope to see speedy improvement both in the prevention and cure of disease. One vexed hospital question is, no doubt, the growing dislike of patients to visits from physicians and surgeons, followed by a,tail of medical students. The tail will have to grow shorter, and the students, in twos and threes, must gain their "bedside experience" under the resident staff, profiting also by the visits of all the specialists. . When patients see more clearly that they themselves help to support the hospitals they will begin to agitate for reforms and will make their wishes heard and felt in parliament. Now, a hospital is "a kind of hybrid charity," and as such a constant bone of contention between the ' " haves " and " have-nots "; and the discontent will grow, we may be sure, until such time as the public health, in all its branches, becomes a State department. The Labor Bureau.—The establish ment of a Labor Bureau if on a sound basis and well conducted could not fail to be of great service to the workers of this or any other colony. We have never, taken any active part in the establishment of such an institution in this colony, and for reasons that at present there is no necessity to publish. Neither have we raised any objection to the Government's handiwork in this direction, preferring to give them an opportunity of proving then- bona fides in the matter of attempting not exactly to solve the unemployed difficulty, but at least in mitigating the evil and rendering assistance to men honestly desirous of obtaining employment. What, their object is we do not propose on this occasion to question, but cer tainly their methods are not above suspicion. To merely say " A Labor Bureau is established to deal with the unemployed," place it under the control of an official who is already overworked, and then heave a sigh of relief as though the difficulty was no more, will be of little use to the hungry workers or those dependent on them. Judging by results, the bureau was established for the one purpose of relieving the Com missioner of Public Works from having to face the men and make a pretence at obtaining employment for them. We can well understand the difficulty he was in, especially with a general election approaching. But would it not have been better to at once announce that the Government did not recognise the necessity of pro viding work in any direction, that it was useless to continue making appli cations, and that only when the}7" were required in the ordinary course of events would men be employed ? This would have been preferable to oft repeated promises and keeping a number of honest men on tenter-hooks with hopes that are seldom realized. This would not do. "Twould show up the system of government in all its hideousness, hence the establishment of the bureau, which results in the dual purpose of relieving the Com missioner and deceiving the men into the belief that it will assist them to obtain the necessary work. The former is very nice for the gentleman who draws £1,000 a year. We should enjoy the Government undertaking similar steps for our special benefit. But what about the unfortunate workers ? Some few out of the fourteen hundred who registered in Adelaide have succeeded ; the great majority are kept hanging about the office, which, by-the-way, has been fixed in a back street, hoping against hope. The whole system of employment in the Government service lias been suddenly changed. The show is now run from Adelaide by men who know little of what is re quired in the country. We have had a number of letters reflecting on the department and its methods, while ■callers arrive regularly, all deploring its establishment. One complaint is the tendency to reduce wages. This, fortunately, has been rectified on several occasions by the Labor mem bers. We regret, however, that they cannot be everywhere, and are often misled by reports from both sides. Branch offices have been established in the country districts; but these are evidently for show purposes only, for -even after registration there the officials refuse employment, and de finitely state that they are not per mitted to employ men unless they come through the Adelaide office. Several instances of this kind have been brought before the Commissioner, but as yet there has been no redress. Following the announcement that an office was open at Bundaleer, a number of men walked there and registered their names. Some are still camped on the grounds, others have left in disgust; but, in the meantime, several batches of men have been sent from Adelaide and given work. The same can be written of other works in the ■country. We do not know if it is intended to continue this system, but certainly it cannot commend itself to anyone with a desire for fair play. A New Name.—With this issue of the Labor paper, the first in the new year, will appear a slight alteration in the name. In future the paper will be known as " The Herald," the word " Weekly" having been omitted. This is in accordance with a resolution carried at the last half-yearly meeting, and in keeping with the desire of the proprietors to as soon as possible issue more than one publication in each week. We feel that the alteration will meet with the approval of not only the shareholders who were unable to attend the meeting but with our numerous and rapidly increasing num ber of readers. The volume num ber of the paper will also be altered to make it correspond with the calendar year. The first paper appeared on October 12, 1894. Vol. No. V. started on October 13, 1898. The ten remain ing issues of that year have been added to Vol. No. IV., and with this issue we start VoL No. VI. A Labor Council.—For the first time in the history of the world a working majority of Labor members will represent the ratepayers of a municipality. This is the case with the West Ham (England) Council. At the recent elections, out of a required membership of forty-eight, no less than twenty-seven direct Labor men were returned. For some tactical reason the mayor was selected from among the stand-still-rest-and-quiet party, thus leaving the Laborites with a working majority of seven. West Ham boasts a population of over 200,000, and this may well he regarded as a splendid victory. It is certain that the Labor supporters will not ask too much from their representatives. They cannot expect them to reform the town in one short year, although the fact of such a number being elected is proof that the inhabitants are desirous of a change for the better. We look to the representatives to exercise the moderation characteristic of the world's Labor parties, and institute their changes with a calmness and care that will ensure for them ready acceptance. They will clearly demonstrate the ability of working men to govern, dis prove the notion that chaos will reign in a governing body chosen from the workers, and give the lie direct to those who profess to believe that unless a man lias a "stake in the country" he is incapable of thinking in the interests of the community. Experience lias taught us that the stake-in-the-country gentlemen think only of increasing that stake by re ducing the other fellow's hold. The Labor programme of this triumphant majority includes the erection of cottages for poor people; control of the water and gas supplies (the Council has control of the electric light) ; pur chasing the tramways; erection of public baths, reading rooms, and libraries; and the establishment of central bakeries and coal depots in order to provide these two necessaries of life at cost price. We wish them success. Government Employees and Rail way Fares.—Labor members of Par liament have ever to be on the watch to prevent Government officials from reducing wages, if not directly, then indirectly. Some few weeks back a number of men were employed through the Adelaide Labor Bureau to work for the Government at Glanville. The usual "high" rate of wages, 6s. per day, was given, but it was subse quently found that contrary to custom the men would have to pay their own railway fares from the city. This meant reducing the wage by one shilling per day, and it can better be imagined than described how any ordinary human being can keep him self, wife, and family on the miserable balance. The matter was referred to some of the Labor members, and they immediately interviewed Commissioner Jenkins, who finally consented to allowing the men a reduction in the fare. In future, while employed by the Government, they will obtain the return fare to Glanville at 3d., thus making their daily wage 5s. 9d. It will not be long before we reach the Melbourne standard of 4s. 6d. a day for man, horse, and dray. Alien Hawkers.—The residents of Broken Hill have, through their Chamber of Commerce, vigorously pro tested against the issuing of hawkers' licences to colored aliens. They went to "the extent of employing a solicitor to attend the meeting of the licensing bench, and the strictures of that gen tleman confirm all that was said of this undesirable class in our local legislature. He spoke of them as a serious danger to the community, and referred to the system they adopt of frightening women in country districts into buying their often disease-breeding wares. Through this action no less than seven were refused licences. When will the South Australian Chamber of Commerce take a similar course ? Fortunately, at the instance of Mr. Blacker, M.P., the popular and Liberal member for Noar lunga, a Bill was passed through the South Australian Parliament last ses sion which will go a long way towards lessening the evil here. We trust that it will be administered to the full, and with the knowledge that the people as a whole object to this class of hawker. The Household Suffrage Bill.— The Household Suffrage Bill, about which there is so much trouble, and in reality over which the Legislative Council has gone on strike, is, after all, a comparatively harmless measure. It merely provides—after a referendum vote of the people has said that it shall so provide, that each householder over the age of 21 years, married or single, and that the husband or wife of any married householder shall have the. right to vote at the selection of members for the Legislative Council. This cannot by any stretch of imagina tion be termed a revolutionary measure; neither is it likely to make much difference in the existing order of affairs. It will mean a greater share of justice to the bulk of the people on whom the stability of the colony depends, give them a greater interest in matters political, and attach to them a responsibility that they will be be careful not to abuse. Surety to become a householder, coupled with the six months' residence qualification, is a sufficient guarantee that the person has some interest in the province. It is beyond dispute that the average householder cannot flit from place to place with that ease which charac terises the duck shooter. On the contrary, the average worker once married and settled in any place which he designates home is, as a rule, chained to that place for life, and he naturally turns to a study of political men and measures, in order that he may intelligently act well his part in assisting to govern the country. Unfortunately this measure cannot become law until having passed first the trying ordeal of both branches of the legislature, and then agreed to by the people through a referendum vote. Knowing that this circuitous course had to be pursued, we were justified in our objection to the pro posed consultative referendum in con junction with the general elections. It is certain that a majority of mem bers will be returned in favor of the measure, especially after the asinine exhibition of the Conservatives in the Council, therefore the necessity for the dual vote does not exist. The one effect it can have will be to seriously com plicate the voting. The argument has been advanced that a highly favorable vote will influence the Council; we doubt the statement. These men enjoy a privilege, and by every means in their power they will hang on to it. There is but one course, and that is for the Assembly electors to demand the reform in unmistakable terms, and further stipulate with their members that all constitutional means shall be immediately exhausted to accomplish the desired end. Taking a Referendum,—A report has reached this office that the recent vote in the Assembly with reference to the Lower House consulting its con stituents by means of a referendum, is interpreted by the Government to give them full power to take any such vote, upon any subject, and at any time without first consulting the Assembly. We sincerely hope that the report has no foundation in fact; for none but those whose love of power ofttimes leads them astray, could pos sibly give so wide an interpretation to the vote. From all sides of the Assembly it was made clear that mem bers demanded to be first consulted, and not that the expense, <fcc., should be incurred and then approval sought subsequently. The Assembly vote was Clear; it gave the Executive permission to take a referendum on one matter only, and that the Household Suffrage Bill • at the same time giving the Go vernment to understand that no further votes were to be taken without first obtaining approval. It would be dangerous indeed if this or any future executive is allowed to usurp the powers and privileges of the people's representatives to such an alarming extent. The report further states that the Government proposes to inter pret the vote, to the extent of taking a decisive referendum of the electors on the conclusions arrived at by the Premiers' Federal Conference without consulting Parliament. This may or may not be true. We cannot understand how the vote can be made operative however it may result. Neither can we tell to what extremes the Government may go on the understanding that they have an obedient majority at their beck and call; but unquestionably the Parlia ment that would allow such high handed proceedings is not only un worthy its name, but deserves imme diate death at the hands of a people whose just boast is their love of liberty. We shall be glad to receive the assurance of the Government that they do not contemplate any such action. A Year's Drunkenness in London.— The Chief Commissioner of the Metro politan Police, in his annual report, shows that there are 14,083 places licensed within the jurisdiction of the Metropolitan Police Force to sell intoxicating liquors. During the year there were apprehended for drunkenness 6,983 men and 3,139 women, while for being drunk and dis orderly there were 21,499 men and 15,278 women or a total 46,899 as against 39,427 the previous year. Of this number 5,644 men were discharged, 5,060 women were discharged from custody by the Magistrates, 22,833 men were convicted, 13,343 women were convicted. The num ber of persons licensed to sell intoxicating liquors, who were summoned for offences under the Licensing Acts were 460, and in 315 cases convictions were obtained, whilst in 145 cases the summons were dismissed." In many thousands of cases this drink curse must be the effect of environment, poverty, misery, and the wretchedness which follows the inability to obtain regular employment, or if regular at a respectable wage. A wise parliament could do much to mitigate these evils and elevate the people to a higher conception of life. The Risks of Labor. — The total number of workpeople in the United Kingdom reported as killed by accidents during October was 326, or 38 more than in September, and -54 more than in October, 1897. In the industries which include railways, mines, quarries, shipping, and factories, and employing 5,294,393 persons (according to the latest available figures), 311 persons were killed, and 6,913 reported injured by accidents in October, as compared with 259 killed and 4,872 reported injured in October, 1897. These figures give one death in October for every 17,024 persons employed in those industries. Daring the ten com pleted months of 1898, 2,908 persons were reported killed, and 56,219 injured, as against 3,250 reported killed and 48,021 injured in the corresponding period of 1897- In other occupations 15 persons were reported killed, and 934 injured, during October, as compared with 13 reported killed and 555 injured in Octo ber, 1897. Changes u? Rates of Wages.— Changes in the rates of wages of about 141,000 workpeople in the United King dom were reported during October, of which number 140,300 received advances, and 700 sustained decreases. The net result was an increase estimated at about 8jd. per head in the weekly wages of those affected. The increases were mainly in the mining industry (119,882),' En gineering and shipbuilding (8,353), and iron and steel manufacture (5,579). Changes affecting 1,600 workpeople were preceded by disputes, causing stoppage of work. A change affecting 1,800 work people was arranged by a conciliation board, and three changes affecting about 3,500 workpeople under sliding scales. Changes affecting about 134,100 work people were arranged by direct negotia tion between employers and workpeople, or conceded voluntarily by the employers. The Unemployed. — Notwithstanding the great outcry about the Labor Bureau and what it was to do for the workers, there are still many hundreds of men anxiously seeking employment. On each working day may be seen from two to three hundred working men standing about the Government offices in the hope of securing; work, no matter how laborious or in what part of the colony. It may not be out of place to inform the Govern ment that these men are all able- bodied and able and willing to do an able-bodied man's work, that being the special stipula tion of the Government before it consents to give each man the munificent pay of six whole shillings for eight hours of such work. The Government has not yet recognised the necessity for providing work for all willing hands, neither has the parliament. It is necessary to make a clear distinction between the two in this colony. When they will understand their duty is still a mystery; for certain not until the majority of electors force them. When workers who have employment, storekeepers, business men, and the hun dred and one others who go to make up a world recognise that each unemployed individual is a menace to the country, and not only a menace but has to be kept either by the country or his relatives, then will they demand that parliament shall move in the direction of solving the problem. We cannot expect the captains of industry to assist in this direction, for to them the greater the supply of labor over the demand the greater the oppor tunities for carrying out their chief aim in life, viz., the reduction of wages. A general election is near at hand. There will be no pay for the work, but the unemployed can make themselves useful in securing the return of men who have educated the head to think, the body to act, and last, but not least, the heart to feel. Tiiade Disputes.—Fifty-four fresh dis putes occurred in October, 1898, in volving 12,577 workpeople, in the United Kingdom. The corresponding number of disputes for September was 52, involving 7,644 workpeopJe, and for October, 1897, 39 disputes, involving 8,707 workpeople. Eight disputes took place in the building trades, 12 in mining and quarrying, 5 in iron and steel manufacture, 12 in engi neering and shipbuilding trades, 4 in other metal trades, 3 in the textile trades, 2 in the transport group, and 8 in other industries. Of the 55 new and old dis putes, involving 14,349 workpeople, of which the settlement is reported, 18 in volving 7,830 persons, were settled wholly in favor of the workpeople ; 16, involving 2,515 persons, wholly in favor of the employers; and 21, involving 4,004 persons, resulted in a compromise. 