NEWS AHD NOTES. J. A. Hicks and Co., the people's cash drapers, milliners, clothiers and boot and shoe importers, of Hannan -street, Kal goorlie, are advised of large shipments of gouua uuw uue at crmnaubiu, 10 uiitno room for these J. A. H. and Co. are forc ing trade and getting new season's goods at prices which must effect a clearance. A visit of inspection will prove this state ment true. messrs. uiimie, Riasiwooa ana uo. are selling their large stock of groceries, wines spirits, ironmongery, furniture, etc., at bedrock prices, and will deliver goods tn any part of Kalgoorlie or Boulder. Their traveller calls regularly for orders. " During the week Messrs. J. 'M. Smith, I J.P., and Fergie Reid. secretary A.W.A., visited Dunnsville, Kintore, and Kunna- 1 nailing for the purpose of assisting men in the districts named obtaining the fran- I chise. Altogether over 70 claims were received. At Dunnsville both Messrs. Smith and Reid addressed a meeting of miners on the alluvial question and ip- pealed for assistance in the cause of the diggers, with the result of £7 15s. being collected in a few minutes. The "Windsor Magazine for November is a very interesting number, containing several ghost stories, and the final chap ters of the serial, Joan of the Sword, by I R. R. Crocket, The sixth instalment of a Scots Grammar School, by Ian Maclaren, tells how Mr. Byles was disgraced. The articles are varied and interesting, the opening ine being on " Photography as a Royal Hobby." " Pipe Making " and the Shipping Centre of the World are I also described and nicely illustrated. : Copies of the Magazine can be obtained from Mr. Mazzucchelli, newsagent, Bayley-street, Coolgardie. During the past few weeks readers of the Sux have had placed in their hands numerous facts respecting the local ad ministration of one of the branches of our railway service. We refer to our articles dealing with traffic matters, one of the results of which, has been no small com motion in traffic circles at headquarters, and the answering of many departmental queries from this end. We shall now, however, proceed to deal with matters other than traffic, and in the course of a number of articles from week to week let the goldfields' public into a few secrets concerning the inner workings of that branch of the. railways under the control of the Resident Engineer, Coolgard\e. Readers can look forward with interest to these articles, as disclosures of a glaring nature will be made. 