A PLASTER SALNT. -■ - - By, ANKLE EDWABDES, -Author of "Ought We. to Visit Her," "Leah," "A Point of Honor," "Archie Lovell," &c.; . [Published' by SDecial arrangement with til a author. "All rights reserved.] CHAPTER V. . Tkeodqsia- i'eturned home on favorable I ■terms' with., herself . and with the world. •Vanity, that last "survival of the passions, wa^ "sated.' A couple of-hundred francs, large gains in little Montreux, weighted I her ; • purse. ■■■ She invited- her dame ae compagnie to her room. • ' • _ "A fairly pleasant evening, though, in deed,.1 Polly, I grieved to see you without j attention—left in the cold. The men nowadays are all for maturity." Lady Erne glanced at her mature charms in the- mirror before^VhichK she: had': sunk. "Women - of fifty ' are "tHe'-rageJ 'hnd I do " not think it fair on the demoiselles. 1 hinted as much to Mr. Gervase, biit' he .was incorrigible." - "Mr. Gervase," echoed Polly, .'under her breath. - ' .. . Her1 lover" had- kept his place at the tables -and beside Lady Erne throughout \- the night, not staking himself, but watch ing the motley, unlovely crowd who did stake with keen eyes. He had walked back to the Pension Bannerman with the two ladies, and. at parting had slipped a tiny note into Polly's hand, a note which she had deftly read and concealed as she followed Lady Erne's ornate-person up the stairs.•.' "Mr. Gervase appreciates you im mensely, Aunt ■ Theo. I am afraid other people' as well as I observed that fact. Baron EMikoska is looking green. As for John," she rattled quickly on, "he turned traifor, went off . to dance attendance on Zillah Meyerbeer "at the Alppnstock. Oh, I was'nowhere." "You were too pale, under the gaslights 'deathly! " I don't know much about such things"—Lady Erne, stated this with the suolime detachment-of ,a woman who has painted inch deep for twenty years—"hut I really- think a - touch, just a touch, of carmihe'.might.be pardonable.. Try .it for to-morrow's., ball, immediately below the eyes, you know." "I know,"' the girl assented, her thoughts intent on the scrap of. paper—a leaf from Gervase's" notebook—which lay hidden in her breast.' . fWhen I. "'"was" young "I used to .be ac cused: By other women of artifice. That exquisite" blush-rose shade of color. Mr. Gervase tells me I have it still. Why are your' clever men such invariable beauty-worshippers?" Lady Erne; seemed. tq^ apostrophise her own image in the mirror rather than her niece. " - ■ ■ _ "You'do think him clever, then—J. mean Mr. Gervasse?" Polly lowered her eyes to hide the smile which she felt must lurk there. "John declines .to commit himself on' that subject." - : "The monkey is jealous. It was Lady Erne's habit to speak of her son as an infant." "He holds GervasC your admirer, an opinion, my dear child,'' in which I do not agree. Mr. Gervase thinks you picturesque, Polly, voila! He put the whole Morlaix scene before my eyes. The ! savhge ;fisher~people, the^unkempt ■ gipsy girl posing, for artists on the sands, the' tumbledown ' manor-house, you poor, dear. . dilapidated grandpapa. A scene worthy, he "said,-of Pierre Loti, the great French animal painter," exclaimed Theo dosia, with her usual inaccuracy.^ ' All this" is very- different to. admiration, re member." : - • •• , , .''Very different," echoed Miss Erne, still with evelids down bent. . riAh'd the antipodes .to .love. Whea l was'a girl, fifteen, eighteen years ago," said Lady Erne, with the,, precision of exact truth, "we-were content to charm. Our complexions 'were protected by blue gauze, our hands by gauntlets. We appeared in the ballroom as lilies—English,lilies. The breed of six-foot giantesses, muscular, sum scorched 'women wearing pince-nez and men's'shirt- fronts, bad not seen light." Polly could be grave no longer. "Dear Aunt Theo, I am five feet five in my.highest heels. My skin, with or with : out blue gauze, is too dark to scorch. I am innocent of pince-nez, and I have never yet worn, a man's shirt-front! Do not put the sins of a whole backsliding generation on my shoulders." They were noble shoulders, although, of course, disfigured 'by the excrescences of fashion*, and her .-'head and neck—and, above all, the nape of 'Polly's neck—were charming. She had thrown off her cloak and cap, and, bellows in hand, knelt clever ly "fanning the "Wood fire which later on should witrie"ssrth^ mysteries of Theodoeia Eleusis. Her feet, 'exceedingly pretty ones, were liberally displayed by her posture; lier sleeves, thrown .back to suit her . avoca tion, revealed a pair of well-knit, chiselled wrists. - A bunch of glorious hot-house roses relieved her simple black dress. JLn Switzerland-, hot-house roses were sold at treble them worth, and Mr." Gervase, as a rule, was hot lavish of-his money. But there; are - little contraband, ironical plea sures- which. Hie true taster of life "holds cheap at any'price. Duringthe past fort night the rarest, costliest roses had daily bloomed,, unsuspected by her "owners," Miss Erne's .breast. ' ' • Lady Erne- eyed--her niece with the dis . tastebuperannuated beauty_ is ever apt to feel forjthat implacable quality, youth. "You* are less objectionable than the ruck of girls, , thanks _ to fortunate in fluences. Our friend hinted as much. I spoke'-to Mr. Gervase . of your ' pleasing looks—I have always been the most gene rous, -of _women—and his answer ... can yomguessHt?".. . "Ti e poor thing is Lady Erne's niece," hazarded Miss Erne, at a venture. "Polly,- you-are a witch." A touch of flattery: could restore Lady Erne to good humor. "The creature did say something of the kind. Positively, my dear child, you have acquired genre, distinct genre, by being so much in. public, and with me. ' You are young, but, as John says, there is not' the faintest taste of bread-and butter." "More golden opinions. Aunt Theo, you spoil me." Polly suspended the bellows-on their nail; she rose to her feet a little testily. "I am bowed down by the weight of all these gentlemen's flatteries. No taste of bread-and-butter—there John is right. I am old for my years, small wonder." Lady Erne had by this time divested her sefff of maiiy of her"'adornments, and a heap of suspiciously showy rings and bracelets lay on the table at her side. In , removing her wraps the bloom of one cheek had become slightly casual. The equilibrium of her hair was imperfect. Polly, ho moraliser ordinarily, had a . mental shiver. She thought of the abom ination of desolation yet to come. During the earthquakes of eighty-six Theodosia resided at Mentone. The girl had heard whispers, from persons remembering the scene, of certain details. A flight out of Egypt in one. slipper and a counterpane. A wreck glared on by next morning's tight, sans eyebrow, sans wig, sans teeth, sans nearly everything. "You look as though you saw a ghost. A penny for your thoughts. Searching me through with those great eyes of yours." "I was thinking," said Polly, "how most things change." Experience had shown . her ther-merit of veracity with a difference. "You are my friend, Aunt Theo. Life on the whole: is diverting me. Now and ■ againL hear-a pretty speech or two. I am fond of pretty 'speeches—I. am under 20\. ' Give the kaleidoscope a twist. Pass over a dozen years, let us say, what then?" "My poor girl, that you will age-early is certain. It is not your fault. Your mother, I have always heard, looked old at 30. Heaven," observed Lady Erne, "turns out a limited number of Ninons in each half-century and then breaks the mould. Which-of the. poets -wrote that line so-very true to life, "Then breaks the mould?" 'You will have lively manners always",-and a" figure, and among a class of elderly men,-a figure goes far. You will I trust also have • me. Do not think I am unmindful of your future; only to night, as we walked together in the gar-| den, I was .sneaking of it to Mr. Ger "The honor is great. What has Mr. Gervase, a stranger," cried Polly hotly, "to. do with my future?" Her voice flut tered. and ,"brokev "John' in due "time will "marry- Boys must have their romance, you see, dream their dream; It keens them steady. I have always considered John's fancy for you a _wholesome influence, but it will pas3.Y: Already,-ydu tell -me, he nt- runnine after some tawdrv Jewess. John will marry, I hope, well." • An odd pain contracted the girl's heart. She saw young Ingram's defects as through a microscope, and during the past fortnight had resolved' more freouenfly than ever not to marry him. ; But she did not desire the lads' admiration to cool—at least, not yet.: ■ Giving nothing herself, she would fain keep all. A sad enough weakness, unknown of course among young women | of heroic.mould. V "i am glad to have been wholesome. One doefe so little good in, this world. When John has a. wife I may still be of ■ ucp. oerbaps—as an antiseptic:" • , "Hi. is unlikely I. shall live out df England-for ever: sooner or later one witi have to grow-©TcH" Lady Erne amiiied, playfully incredulous, as she made the concession. "When that time comes, poor John a settled paterfamilias, 1 have a fancy-that Bath would suit us, Polly. Mr. Gervase quite thinks so. Yes,, we might take our final rest on Zion Hill. Mr. Gervase knows the place well." "Mr. Gervase seems interested in our affairs," said Polly, very/stiff and cold. " You see, there are 'The Waters.'" Waters, no matter what their components, had long been an integral part of Lady Erne's soap-bubble existence. "And Pump room concerts—for England that is some thing. And generals—quite an army, :t would seem, of retired generals." ' "'How charming, Aunt Theo ! How kind of Mr. Gervase to put forward all these exquisite temptations !" Miss -Erne was standing beside the hearth,' her eyes intently fixed upon the sparkling wood flame, a blaze of color on her face. After a minute's silence, "Let me ask John to be quick in his wooing," added she hastily. "Let us fly . to Zion Hill. Life is uncertain. A pity to delay our chances with the generals." "Polly, you are too frivolous ! Our chances ! As if living man could make me change my state. Count Kalikoska! You mention his name-too often. I have been- pursued for years—at times." mur mured Theodosia Erne pathetically, "al most driven to surrender in despair. One wearies - of the eternal 'Ho,' but I have stood firm. My idea of the relations be tween the sexes is lofty. I should hold a third marriage a desecration." "Then the general's are for me," cried Polly, with scornful, emphasising lips— "for ine! ' When you and Mr. Gervase discuss the Bath scheme next perhaps you will omit one unimportant factor—my matrimonial hopes." Lady Erne raised a pencilled eyebrow at her niece. "Ten years, remember, a twist of the kaleidoscope. A girl of twenty-nine- " "May be humbly content to snare a Bath general. Happily, there is a wedge," exclaimed Polly—a wedge of ten substan tial years—between now and then, and, happily, should Count Kalikoska and you grow tired of me I could always find shelter among"the artists; the model in me is not dead." ; She lifted her shapely arms above her head and fell into one of the exquisite attitudes she could assume at will. " 'Young Desire.' Imagine me without these atrocious puffings"—a movement of her chin indicated her modish sleeves— "with the scantiest of drapery and shoes and stockings nowhere. Should I not be perfect? ' Toung Desire.' Or"—subtly changing every line of her young figure— 'Diana.' Or"—with another change— " 'Abandonment.' You see, I am good all round. ' . "Good?" echoed Lady Erne, m a hollow voice. Theodosia was for ' too youthful, too modern, to be straitlaced outwardly. "Who shall deny that bomb-throwing may, under certain circumstances, be right eous; that a redistribution of property were not just; that crime may not be crime, from the poor darling criminal's point of view?" — At a dinner-party she would pour forth this jargon of the day glibly enough. Her soul—I apologise for the term—was narrow as soul may be. Sin, if you choose, but-sin fashionably. Here was about the length and breadtb of her ethics. And in Polly there lurked a contempt for prece dents—an individual dare-devil self, which made the older woman shiver.' If Polly went to the mischief, it would "be along her own road—not the one lately illumined by the flight of Her Grace of Pirnlico, or the chastely downward footprints of Lady Plantagenet Jones. "You do not, I trust, broach these horrors—your studios, your models, and your Aphrodites—in public. The scantiest drapery! What would a man of delicac}' think who heard you?" "That he was in a ballroom, among smart people," answered Polly, undaunted. Lady Erne rose with some dignity, cross ed to the young girl's side, and rang the bell thrice for her maid. "The scantiest of drapery—an absence even of drapery—would be modest if all the world adopted it. Otherwise—no, I will not "argue. I repeat my question: What would a man of delicacy—such a man as Mr. Gervase—say to your talk?" "I should be curious to know. When next you and he cast my horoscope to gether, try him. _ Say to Mr. Gervase that Polly Erne inclines far more to artists' studios than to Bath generals. Good night, Aunt Theo." ' 