Sermon. Glorying in the Cross. .By Tire Lays Rev.'C. H. Spoeqeox. But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by vrh&ra; the world Is crucified unto me, and I unto the wo Id.-GaL vi. 14. The maiu part of our subject lies in Christ crucified, in whom Paul gloried. He does not say, " God forbid that I should glory, save in the death of Christ" ; but in tho cross. You do not realise, I think—we can not do so in these davs—how the use of that word *' cross " would grate on ears refined in Galatia and elsewhere. In those days it meant the felon's tree, the hangman's gibbet» and tho apostle, therefore, does not hesitate to put it just so: " Save in that gibbet on which my Master died." "We have become so accustomed to associate the name of "the cross" with other senti ments that it does not convey to us that sense of disgrace which it would inflict upon those who heard Paul speak. A family sensitively shrinks if one of its* members has been hanged; and much the same would be the natural feeling of one who was told that his leader was crucified. Paul puts it thus baldly, he lets it jar thus harshly, though it may prove to some a stumbling block, and to others foolishness; but he will not cloak it— ho glories la "the cross." On the other hand I earnesily entreat you to observe how he j seems to contrast the glor^ of the person with I tho >humo of the suffering; for it is notj simply the death of Christ, nor of Jesus,' nor of Jesus Christ, nor of the Lord Jesus Christ, but of "our- Lord Jesus: Christ." Every word testis to set forth the majesty of His character, ana the interest! which all the saints have in Him. It was a j cross, but it was the cross of our Lord; let us worship Him! It was the cross of our Lord Jesus the Saviour; let us love Him! It was the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ the anointed Messiah; let us reverence Him ! Let us sit at Hi9 feet, and learn of Him ! Each one may say, " It was the cross of my Lord Jesus Christ": but it sweetens the whole matter, and gives a largeness to it, when we say, " It was the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ." Oh, yes, we delight to think of the contrast between the precious Christ and the painful cross, the Son of God and the shameful gibbet. He was Immanuel, God with us; yet did He die the felon's death upon the accursed tree. Paul brings out the shame with great sharpness, and "the glory with great plainness. What did he mean, however, by the cross ? Of course he cared n-.thing for the particular piece of wood to which those blessed hands and feet were uailed, for that was mere materialism, and has perished out of mind. He means the glorious doctrine of justification—free justifi cation—through the atoning sacrifice of Jesus Christ. This is what he means by the cross— the expiation for tun which our Lord Jesus ChristmadebyHis death, and the giftofoternal lifo freely bestowed upon all those who by grace trust in Hiro. To Paul the cross meant just what the brazen serpent meant to Moses. As the brazen serpent in the wilderness was the hope of the sin-bitten, and all that Moses had to do was to bid them look and live, so to-day the cross of Christ—-the atonement of Jesus Christ—is the hope of mankind, and onr mis sion is continually to cry, " Look and live! Look and live!" It is this doctrine, this Gospel of Christ crucified, at which the present age, with all its vaunted culture and all its vain philosophies, sneers so broadly—it is th:s doctrine wherein we glory. We are not ashamed to put it very definitely; we glory in substitution, in the vicarious sacrifice of Jes>us iu our stead. He was '* made sin for us who knew no 6in, that we might be znude the righteousness of God in Him." "All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to bis own way; and the Lord hath laid on Him the iniquity of us all." " Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us; for it is written. Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree." We believe in the imputation of sin to the innocent person of our covenant head and representative, in the bearing of the penalty by that substituted one, ana the clearing by faith of those for whom He bore the punish ment. \7hv do we glory in the cross ? In the cross of Christ we glory, because we regard it an a matchless exhibition of the attributes of God, We see there the lore of God desiring a way by which He might save man kind., so that a plan is perfected by which the deed can be done without violation of troth and justice. In tho cross wo see a strange conjunction of what once appeared to bo two opp«>.«ite qualities—justice and mercy. We see how God is supremely just; as just as if He had no mercy, and yet infinitely merciful in the gift of His Son. Mercy and justice, in fnet, become counsel upon die .same side, and irresistibly plead for the acquittal of the believing sinner. Wc glory in it as the manifestation of the love of Jesus. He was loving inasmuch as He came to earth at all; loving in feeding the hungry, in healing the sick, in raising the dead. He was loving in His whole life ; He was embodied chanty, the Prince of philanthropists, the King of kindly sou s. But, oh. His death ! His cruel and sbamoiul death ! bearing, as we believe He did. the wrath due to sin, subjecting Himself to the curse, though in Him was no sin ; this shows the. love of Christ at its highest alti tude, and therefore do we glory in it, and wit never be ashamed to do so. We glory in the cross, moreover, because it is the putting away of ain. There was no other way of making an end of ain, and making reconcilia tion for iniquity. To forgive the transgres sions ..without .exacting the .penalty would have Ven contrary to all the threatcninga of God.' It would not hard appeased the c&ims.; of justice, nor satisfied the conscience of the shiner. No peace of mind can bo enjoyed without pardon, and conscience declares that no pardon can be obtained without au atonement. Now, Christ did make his soul an offering for sin, when His own- self He bare our sins in Bis own body on the tree. With His expiring breath He said, It" 1*6 finished!" Oh, wondrons grace! Pardon is wow freely published ntnong tlie sons of men,, pardon of which wc see the justice and Validity. So far as the cast is from the west, so far hath God removed our transgressions from us by the .death of Christ. This, and thisalonej will put away sin; therefore in this cross of Christ we glory; yea, and in it alone will we' glory evermore. It has put away our sins, blessed be God, 'so that this load and burden no more weighs us down.' It has breathed hope and peace and joy into our spirits. I am sure that no one knows bow to glory in the cross unless he has had an experimental acquaintance with its peace breathing power. I speak wbat I do know, and testify what I have felt. The burden of my sin lay so heavy upon me that I would sooner have died than have lived. Many a day and many a night I felt the flames of hell in the anguish of my heart,; because I knew my guilt, but saw no way of I righteous forgiveness. Yet iu the moment the load went from me, and I felt overflowing love to the Saviour. I fell at bis feet awe-; stricken that ever He should have taken away my sin and made an end of it. The | matchless deed of love won mv heart to Jesus. He'changed my nature and renewed my soul in that same hour. But, oh, the joy I had! Those who have sunk to the very depths of despair and risen in a moment to the heights of peace and joy un speakable can tell you that they mnst glory in the cross and its power to save. "Why, sirs, we mnst believe according to our own conscience. "Wo cannot belie that inward witness. Since then we have gone with this remedy in onrhandsto souls that have been near despair, and we have never found the medicine to fail. Many and many a time have I spoken to people so depressed in spirit that they seemed not far from the madhouse, so heavy was their sense of sin; yet have I never known the matchless music of Jesns's name, in any case,-fail to charm the soul out of its despondency. " They looked unto Him, ana were lightened: and their faces were not ashamed." Hen who, because they thought there was no hopo for them, would have desperately continued ia sin, have read that word "hope" written in crimson lines npon the Saviour's dyiDg body, and they have sprang up into confidence, have entered into peace, and henceforth have began to lead a new life. .Wo glory iu the cross because it gets at men's hearts when nothing else can" reach them. The story of the dying Saviour's love has often impressed those whom all the moral lectures in the world could never have moved. When they have seen their sin laid on Jesus, they have loved Him, and hated the sin that made Him to suffer so grievously as their substitute. Then the Holy Ghost has come upon them, and they have resolved, with Divine strength, to drive out the sin for which the Saviour died: they have beguu a new life—ay, and they have continued in it, sustained by that same sacred power which first constrained them ; and now they look forward to be per fected by it. . Thfea be finishes up with the third cruci fixion, which iB, "I am crucified to the world." We shall soon .seo the evidence of this crucifixion if we notice how they poured contempt npon him. Once Paul was a great rabbi, a man profoundly versed in Hebrew lore, a Pharisee of the Pharisees, and much admired.' He was also a classic scholar and a philosophic thinker, a man of great mental powe rs, and fit to take the lead in learned circles. Put when Paul began to preach Christ crucified—"Bah," they said, "he is an utter fool! Heed him not!" Or else they said, " Down with him! He is an apostate !" They cursed him. His name brought wrath into the face of all Jews that mentioned it, and all intelli gent Greeks likewise. "PaulP- He is no body !" He was everybody when he thought their way; he is nobody now that ho thinks in God's way. They despised, they shunned him. His old friends forsook him. Some got out of the way, others pointed at him the finger of scorn in the streets. His persecu tors showed their rancour against him, now stoning him, with lynch-law, and anon with a semblance of legality dragging him before the magistrates. Paul was crucified to them. As for his teaching, they decried him as a babbler—a setter-forth of strange gods. I daresay they often sneered at the cross of Christ as a nino days' wonder, an almost exploded doctrine, and said, "If you do but shut the mouths of such men as Paul, it will soon be forgotten." I hare heard j them say in modern times to lesser men, 41 Tour old-fashioned Puritanism is nearly dead; ere long it may be utterly extinct!" but we preach Christ crucified—the same old doctrine as the apostles preached: and for this by the contempt of j the wordly wise we are crucified. \ Now, dear Christian friends, if you keep to the cross of Christ you must expect to have this for your portion. The world will bo crucified to you, and you will be crucified to the world. You will get the cold shoulder. Old friends will become open foes. They will begin to hate you more *nhn they loved you before. At home your foes will bo the men of yonr own household. You will hardly bo able to do anything right. When you joined in their revels you were a fiuo fellow; when you could drink, and ring a lascivious song, you were a jolly good fellow; hut now they rate you as a fool; thoy Bcout you as a hypocrite, and slanderous!? blacken your character. Let their dis like, be a. badge of your discipleahip,\and say* " Now also the world is crucified to me, aod l unto the world, * Whatever the world says against me for Christ's sake is tlia maundering of a doomed malefactor, and what do I care for that ? And, on tho other hand, if I be rejected and despised, I am only taking what I alwars expected—mv cruci fixion—in iny poor, humble way, after the manner of Christ Himself, who was despised and injected of men." Tho moral ana the lesson of it all is this: Whatever conies of it, still'glory in Christ. Go in for this, dear friends—that whether yo ho in honour or in dishonour, in good report or evil report, whether God multiply your substance and moke yon rich, or diminish -it nnd make yoat poor, you will »till glory in the cross ot| Christ. If yon have health, and strength,£ and vigour to work for Him. or if you have tot lie upon a bod of languishing and boar inf pationco all your heavenly Father's will, re-E' soIto that you will still glory in the cress. LetU this be the.point of your glorying throughout! your lives! Go down tho steps of Jordan.r and go through Jordan itself, still gloryingfe in tho oross, for in the glory yon will find*' that the blood- bought hosts celebrate lhagr cress as tho trophy of their redemption. t 