Deacons & Apostolic Succession. TO THE EDITOR OF THE M. E. TIMES. Sin, — The Eov. G. C. Peroival in his letter appear ing in your issue of June 14, disclaims having in structed the Wesleyan Trustee at Moorland to lock the building. This disclaimer I am sure the resi dents of Moorland will readily accept. A.t the same time, it is just as well that the public should know that the one Trmiee acted on his own responsibility, without consulting his co- trustees as to his action in locking the building at Moorland. In touching on the question of deaoons and their office — in Apostolio days — it is true that none of the seven are called in the text by the title of deacon. At the same time it is implied by the very fact that in the introductory heading to Acts, viii. chap., will be seen (5 by Philip the deacon, who preached, &o.;) Prof. Lumby in his notes (Cam. Bible Schools and Colleges), on Acta vi. 2 verse, Bays:— 'This word ' diaXonia!' bos however caused the name of daidme to be attached to these officers, whose appointment was at first made that they might have care 'faf and distribute thefunde contributed by the rich members for ttie relief pf the needy. We can nevertheless see from St. Stephen's work that tho labours of the seven were not Confined to these duties alone, for hois a mighty preacher, and endued with gifts of the Holy Ghost iii the same way as the Apostles.' Prof.' Ramsay,- in' his 'valuable work, ' St. Paul the traveller and Boman citizen.'* xhac xvi.. nacc 374,'- writes:—' It Vas therefore Arranged that a new «Irss of -officers should be instituted— lor whom no natno is here given, but !\?ho were the origin out ofwhioh-the ''deacons'.' of the developed' Cliurbh arose.'- In this instanoo' Hiav»qn6ted' frotoPrea, bjiterian, and not fen Ailgjioan sdWce, ''. ' ''?'' '. '. TheBev. H. C. G. Moulo, M.A., wWjnight b/ ffijlbd ;&e; leaflet ol tt& Evangelical pafty/in' the Church -jf England,' in his ' Outlines of .Christian1 Doctrine,' chap, x., page. 2l8,;iierites.i— '.' 2^is(an!Ls for praotical work along with' spiritual ..effort (the Church has1 called them ' rlencons,' ' diahripi, from 1 almost the first); were by ApoBtblic advice or order ' chosen by the community, and consecrated by the ApoBtlOB.' ' ? In Phil. 1. lv., Bishops and DeaoonB are coupled together by S. Paul, and in his appendix . C. on this verse (in Cam; Bible), the 'same ' writer says : — ''Here only and in 1 Tim. iii. 8rl2, is the word plainly used of a whole ministerial order. . ... The fanctions' of the seven are just those which have been ever since in history, even till now, assigned to Deacons.' Smith, in his Student's Ecclesiastical History, page 34, in. referring to tlie extension of the Church, says:— 'The first instru ment in this work was the Deacon, who is afterwards called the evangelist Philip, &c.;, &o.;' Prof. Bright, Regius Professor of Ecclesiastical History at Oxford, in ' Waymarks in Church History,' in referring to the -Igna'tian letters, mentions the Philadelphia^ Deacons as the successors of Stephen and Philip. Bishop Lightfoot, in his comments on the letters of St. Ignatius to the Trallians, snj-s : — ' The diacon ate -wM'originaUy iristituted, Acts vi. 2,' &c.; The reference to Phoebe and R/)m. *vi. 1, reads in the (5reek ' diqkonon,''' and is translated in both the A. V. and B. V. as ' servant1' and she no doubt filled the office of ' deaconess,' as distinguished from, the ' deacon'* — and St. Paul, in forbidding women to preach, no donbt included the deaconess. If Mr. Percival will look u.p his Church history, he wjil find that there is a vast difference iu the work of a doa pon and deaconess. We see the latter office in existence in the Church to-day, but wo do not hear of deaconesses being lipenacd to preach, the command of St. Paul still holding good, I know of the great (F) Bible Dictionary referred to by Mr. Peroival, but I do not wish to speculate in purchasing this work, when the far greater Enoyclopoodia Biblioa, edited by Professor Cheync, will shortly be published. 'Tho Church Times' of March 25, 1898, refers to the dictionary quoted by Mr. Feroival as a volume in which churchmen will not find much in the way of doctrinal teaching to supply their needs. Then, the very fact that there' is no mention of Heb. xiii. 10, -under the word ' altar,' and the very meagre description given of : tlie rite of confirmation, -tc, will show that the work in question is not all tlir.t it is boasted to bpf. I -flan *quite understand ^vr. Eercival 'describing the doctrine of Apostolic succession as a tot). With study' he may find it a metaphorical maxim gun. -An admission of belief in this doctrine of Catjbolia Christianity would at once rendor 3^r. Berpival's presejlt poeitio^mhtonable, and the ground Ixj com piptely cut away from under his feet. Still there it is writ large enough for churchman, tp. ' vead, mark, and inwardly digest' in the prpfapo to . tho ordinal in the prayer bqok.. We look (it thp present Archbishop of Gantorbury, and there we seo.the. ninety-third occupant of the See from Augustine, and liistory records the consecration of ^qgiugtlna tracing this gucoossion baok through Iretiai^s and Pothinus, Bishops of Lyons, to the Ephesian Ohuvch, in'ith St. John at one period its Bishop, we have a ohain coming from the Apostolicage, link by link,, without one flaw. : St. Clement, St.'- Ignatius, and St. Ircnaus, all bear testimony' to the threefold ministry \r\ the, Christian CUiircb, and in the 'trolling- at tfce tvveWo Apo^lfla, ojiap. sfv., iy e Jiay.e fl Veferenoo' to'BisliopB and Tleacons'.' 'T5jis work, found in 1873, has been admitted by some of the ablest theologians to have been written in'-'tho 1st century. Cqnon Cjore, j« Wp:af!«j«'^9fi:'S« Oi!^««Wt O4hv*4, p.p.. 69T_t, also the. late Can'on' j^iddon, have written strongly in sup port of t^is tuff. Bishop Lightfoot, quoted by Mr. Percival, says :— ' History seems to show -decisively,- that before the middle of tlie second century each Church had. its three Orders of Ministers r— its Bishops, its Presbyters, its Deaoons. On this poi«t there cannot reasonably be two opinions.'— Christian Ministl-t/, page 184. To this, adds Dr. Ralmpn, ' i^ was genera^y taken {prgrantecltha^gutih h^ad been the oonsMtutiqn'of the 'Church from tne ^rst, nq .memory of any othqr state of things bomg then surviving.' If the threefold ministry was in eiistenoo in the seoond century, how did this organization of the .ministry originate? . 8t. Clement', oi Rome, who wrote his' epistle about the same time as St. JqKu's Gospel, tella .us :— ' That desiring to a'voidoontro-. versy, which. they foresaw, the Apostles. ordained certain men' to the en.d that when they should have fallen' asleep, in death, others of approved character might succeed ' to'fhelr '. ^special j office. . Suoh,.were. Titnothy'-^ ^W^5?'i 'W S*t .e.ifilflslv.ely palled SiBhops, but perunnly- Bishop? _-i|i' ttie-Bense of the sub-apostolic andlof .our -wn age; men., -whom -addition to the fulness of ministerial capacity, had also the power pf transmitting it.' Bishop Idght. foot gives reason! for 'holding that Bt, Clement must have associated with S. Peter and S. Paul. Studious reWers who will study this dpotrine of theChurcb, with tiie blur of Protestant 'dissent4 removed /from their eyes, will find a greater substratum' ^f ;twth' than manyamagine, arid that'H is neither' 'a,1 i»y' — 'pnechanical;' or 'a fiction.' Mr. Peroival can-^ »§tltty his finger ngem ftny/period^ptfercr brief, lor 1500 years after ChriBt, in which the three orders flfc. the mipistry-i^ishQps;' Erjeetp,'v 6^dc il^odns, i^nsmiltca'fi^mgubir'ibrtpTnferiqr, are. Ranting. History reveals no -break in the suocesBiorii 4nd tho iuktorioal argument in favour, of Apostolic EBooesskm is simply unanswerabjfi.^ With referenoeito ,thatxlittle homily with.; whiob. Mr. Percival doses his letter, he _ is, pBCuliar-r- A fortnight ago ,the .-' Deacon,' ''' the looal recognized eWgyman, * ..?was'reduped . to the., status'. of a local preacher! Now he is a brother minister. Well, air,. L refuse to accept tins dictumK,, I., prefer; -what John Wesley say's.' _ Jn. J,7M.h.e_said; .'.'Jfiej all our preachers go ta cpnroii.. i . .warn nneMi-ffgamet p^Jlijig duF'spoiriy^^aiChurolj.'-or ^the'^Ghuroh,' dsiiii^l calling! oyr preqekfrs 'MwMfi%' our houses ,! meeting houBps.' flail- them- plainly nroaphtng houses j license yourselves as a tffillioflistjirctiche;','^- Vol. vl., 388. Ed. 1810. If thiBigiquaokery, then I have imbibed the quaok notions from the revered [ounaer oi^iuui'uuuioui. In conclusion, to be a ' Minister of Christ' there must be some source from which that authority is derived. Our Saviour, on the eve of His a^oens^n, said ;— ' As the Father ha^h sent Me, '.ey.en ep send I you,'' &o;: That powerJwasl cftintnittefl ^to, The Apostles, ind by them twinsmitted'tb the Bishops of Jhe 'One Holy Catholic and Apostolic Churqh, of whiph the Cf urbh of pngjand ia o trne ti^Bph, «md has faithfully fulfilled all the marks of the charter of OhrlstVChurcli, given in Aots ii. 42, Mr.Perfllvat refers to my loiter as an onBlaught, but' Oharlos Wealey epoaks' out with brutal candour in his Poetioal Worka.'ix., 79 :— ?Baiaed frOin tlio people's lowest lees, ?' Guard, Ijoril, Tliy pi-CRching witnesses ; Jfpr lpiiJtcir l'ria J flip 1'juVW p)»itH ' ' ! P4t&prtBan; Sullur flipffl-t' WI? psil'P l|'e PripBlJv c)iftni.?WSi ' ?'?''? puvpff™tl!Cinwg»ntoffi!Pi»i Juxa Guatcii uicm untioiTtipUMl lieocc. - .Thanking you again, Mr. Editor, for having en crouched go far on your valuable space, . u . . . lam, &o.;, (-. D. HILDER. ibiuricton, Hth Juno. 