LOCAL AND GENERAL MEMS ? v- ? Mr. Wood, dentist, will be in town pro fessionally on Thursday next. Ac the local Lands Office, Mrs. Iverson lias applied for an original O.P. of 40 acres, parish of Farnham. The Queensland Government gob through the want of confidence . debate with a urn jority of 39 to 28. The weather during the week has been characterised by unusual cold. Several heavy frosts were reported. i Mr. John T. Kendall, late manager of the Yatteyattnh creanierir, has been ap pointed manager of the Hunter River Company's, creamery afc Mount KehWryV pear Raymond Terrace. It will be noticed by ndvertiseinerit^hat Mr. Ernest Hoskiiift wh» several years ago 'made himself very popular here when ex posing the 'spook' frauds, intends visiting Hilton shortly with fresh attractions. Mr.' Hoskiug is always worth seeing and hear ing. A welcome thunderstorm passed over Milton on Thursday afternoon, and fine rain coiuuieuced tc fall yesterday morning The quantity registered was 110 points. This fall was most welcome, and will re move the general anxiety as to the season's | prospects. A terrible tragedy is report* d- from Potone, a suburb of Wellington, N.Z. A man named Wolf, during his wife's absence, took his two children, stood them together,; and shot them both dead. He then fired four J8hots at himself without effect, and afterwards cut his own throat badly. Our story, 'The Heiress of Farneleigh,' finishes in this issue. Next week we will commence the publication of an absorbingly interesting tale, 'The Mysterious Mono CTPam ' hv hhft author of ' Wedded bv Fate,' which was perused with so much pleasure by our r?aders a few months back. Mr. William Beach has decided to reliuqnish dairying and to live retired ' There is nothing in dairying now a dsiys,' says the world-famed champion, and lit; hrs leased his fine property to Mr. 0. J. OuPen, and given instructions for the disposal of the whole of his splendid stock by auction on November 2nd. The takings of the entertainment at Teruiei1. by the Bateiaau's Bay Miustrels totalled j£5 8s 6J. The expenses, in cluding coach hire, rpfreshments for danc, advertising, «fec, ran into £3 13s, leaving 30/6 to be handed over to the Milton Benevolent Society's funds, which amount has been received by Mrs. Young, as sec retary. Old supecstiiions die hard, notwithstand ing the spread of education and ^he higher intelligence that follows enlightenment on general topics. At the meeting at Wan dandian to establish a Progress Committee, even alarm was felt in one quarter at a proposal to have 13 members on that body. AutliWie relief was expressed when 'the ghost was laid low' by changing the num ber to 14. v A gre-at demonst ration took place at the Town Hall, on Monday night. An address and a handsome siuvenir were presented to the Han. G. H. Rei.i, who delivered a long autobiographic speech, and reviewed his parliamentary career The presentation consisted of n handsome silver salver and tea and coffee service. The hall was filled with an enthusiastic audi nee, in luding many of the ex-Premier's opponents. Rev. Hornby Spear got n ^ood thing off at the Congregational tea meeting by noti flying the receipt of cable, intelligence that ' the B ers had offered £5000 for Rhodes' head.' As he looked towards the Rev. Mr Rhodes when makiug the announcement the audience became convulsed with laugh ter, and the hilarity was increased when ohe chairman drily remarked he ' wasn't aware before that he waa worth so siuch. Mr. Henley, speaking at the Congrega tional Church ou Thursday night in regard to some remarks by Rev. J. Hornby Spear on early closing, advocated the principle, though there was little grievance in that respect locally. He announced his willing ness to fall iu with the proposal to close at 6 p.m. the first four evenings of the week, at 10 o'clock on Friday nights, and on Saturday afternoons. He thought public effort should be directed to the earlier olos ing of public-houses as well as of shops. William Skiilon was locked up on Sutwlay night ou suspicion of being of unsound mind. On Monday he was brought before the Bench (Messrs. F. W. and C. A. Cork) and was discharged, his employer (Mr. Edward M'Mahon) stating that accused had been in hia employ for the last i/ years, and that he noticed no difference in him now and when he first went to him. He was of somewhat weak intellect, |but was perfectly harmless. It appeared that hoys had been teasing and annoying him. Skillion returned home with Mr. M'Mahon, but ' bolted' again next day. He was found on Thursday by Senior-constable Penlinqtonin an evidently demented state of mind, and yesterday, on the evidence of Dr. Young, he was ordered by theBeuch to the Glade&ville; Hospital cforlusane. Notl tine sensational has yet been reported H from the war. The contending forces are I only sparring so far. Only slight brushes H have .occurred, the Boers -having taken I possession of country where there was no H opposition from the British. H By telegraph yesterday we learned that I mail contracts were accepted as follows :_ ^M Milton to Morton, Prinze and Schilling, H j£37 ; Milton and Bateman's Bay, via I Brooman and fcelligeiyC. W. Thorp, £48; I Ulladulla to Moruya, Owen Malone, £208- I Araluen and Moruya, Qwen Maloue, £106*, H Rev. J. Hornby Spear, who is an ardent H advocate of early-cl-ising, ' wired into' the I Churches as a bitdy in the oourne of some I remarks at the Congregational tea meeting. H He was particularly severe, on the Council H of the Churches, in Sydney for ueglecto! I Christian duty in connection with this H question. . - H Mr. S. ALLEN. Upper Turon, says :— I '? I find Rose's Celebrated Eye Lotion ? superior to anything I have yet used for the H eyes.'' Soldi by all «hemists: and storekeepers H throughout the uolony. — H 