The Outlook. I The Enmore ! Catastrophe. The only gleam of con solation that comes to Sunday-school officials in connection with the sad m occurrence at the Circular Quay on El Saturday evening last, is that there is if no manner of fault to be found with the nj managers of the Enmore Sunday-school, jg Their arrangements appear to have been I carried out with admirable order and i precision. But there was undoubtedly 1 fault somewhere — in the Government I departments — and it will be the business lj of the court of enquiry to find out where i that fault lies. With the Sunday-school H officials and the parents and friends of if {he victims of the casualty, we sincerely H sympathise. Sad as the occurrence was, if it might have been much worse. The H bravery and coolness of the Japanese II sailors did much to avert a more con H siderable sacrifice of life ; and the 1 presence and help of a number of Wes Jl leyan excursionists connected with the I Newtown Circuit, who were just landing 1 had not a little to do with rescuing I victims from a watery grave. Consider m ing all the circumstances, it is a matter M for thankfulness that the results of the H disaster were not more serious. m An A considerable number m .. . of excursionists availed iffi T . themselves of the oppor M np- tunity of visiting the n Hawkesbury last week and of taking n part in an old-time Methodist tea ffl meeting on the banks of that historic M stream. The Hawkesbury circuit has M an unique reputation for its tea- meetings. M They are provided on a liberal scale. M They bring together friends from all M parts of the circuit — a circuit that M comprises all the reaches of the Hawkes m bury from Sackville downwards and m such tributary streams as Colo, Mac M donald, and Mangrove, and they pro M vide a very substantial contribution to H the circuit funds of that interesting m but scattered circuit. The function of WK last week was of special interest, inas m much as it was made the occasion of m launching the Century Commemoration js Fund in the circuit, and quite an array m of speakers went up from the metropolis M to take part in the proceedings. Of a H minimum agreed on to be raised of 250 M guineas in the circuit, 150 were promised ffl at the meeting, and nearly all the M objects named in the constitution of the M Fund, shared to varying extents in the M allocation of the subscriptions. The M river trip was most enjoyable, and the M whole proceedings reflected credit on M the promoters of the gathering. With the advent of the Sunday cricket season, there Sports. comes the occasion for renewed and vigorous action on the part of the friends of the Sabbath to prevent it from shameless and open desecration in the so-called interests of sport. A correspondent at Narrabri sends us a newspaper clipping announcing a district cricket match to be played in Collins Park, in that town, on Sunday last, and naming the players selected to do duty for the town club. Collins' Park, it appears, is a public park vested in the municipal council, and therefore for the time being under the control of the mjiyor. But the Mayor happens to be a Jew, and more over also happens to be out of tswn. We would advise our Narrabri friends to seek the intervention of the police to prevent this desecration ; and if that fails, to memorialize the Colonial Sec retary on the matter. The Park named is situated in the centre of the town, and has to be passed by worshippers going to and from all the churches in the town. If this battle has to be fought in Narrabri and elsewhere, then let it be fought, and be fought vigor ously and courageously. In no case should the enemy be allowed a victory by default. We trust we do our The Anglican Anglican friends no Synod. injury when we say that there is little or no help to be looked for from the Synod of that body in relation to questions at issue as between Protestantism and Eomanism in New South Wales. The Synod is divided within itself, and therefore seems to be the subject of moral paralysis when any question comes up in which the distinctive principles and claims of Protestantism are concerned. The fate of Mr. Archdall's motion with regard to the use of mass-vestments in Anglican services is a case in point. Not that there can be any serious objection to remitting this matter to a committee for full consideration and report. But the tone of the speeches was the significant feature. When they were not decidedly Kitualistic, they were for the most part weak and flaccid. There is not much high Ritualism in the Sydney diocese just yet. But it evidently only needs a few bold spirits to lead the way, and not a few of the clergy will willingly follow in the most advanced cult of the Romanising school. The question is, will the'laUy pbritiii; tlieui'? Arid' .just- there is the saving clause of Anglican Protestantism in Sydney for the present. Another matter dealt The Precedence with by the Anglica,n Question. Synod was the question of personal precedence at Government House as between the Archbishop and the Cardinal. That, of course, is a question that effects the Anglican Church most of all, but it is not without interest to the other Pro testant bodies of New South Wales. The Cardinal claims, as a ' prince of the Church,' to have precedence over all ecclesiastics, and in this Protestant colony this monstrous claim is allowed to such an extent that at official hospi talities the Cardinal sits on his Ex cellency's right hand whilst the Angli can Primate is accommodated at an inferior table. The question of sitting here or there is in itself immaterial. But the point of conceding an arrogant Romish claim to the humiliation of the leading representative of the Protestant Churches is an important one. How ever, the Synod declined to take any action, and so far as Anglicanism is concerned, Cardinal Moran scores easily. The question is forced upon us, What sort of a showing would Protestantism have made in the recent controversy if its interests had been dependent upon the spiritless men who constitute the Anglican Synod of the Diocese of Sydney ? The trustees' meetings Extension are now in full swing, of Term. and so far as we have heard there is a general consensus of opinion in favour of the proposed extension. Stanmore, Parra matta and Kiama have definitely pro nounced in favour. The quarterly meetings will be in session next week. We shall be glad to receive post cards from superintendents as promptly as possible, giving the result of the vote. As the District Synods follow quickly, it is desirable that the fullest publicity be given to the decisions (whatever they may may be) of the circuit courts. Very heartily we con Baptist gratulate the Rev. Dr. Union. Porter on his election to the chair of the Baptist Union. The Dr. is a big brother, in more senses than one, and when we tell our readers who may not be aware of the fact, that Dr. Porter and Father Wats forcl are old-time bosom friends and closely-knit spiritual comrades, they will be prepared to join us heartily in our congratulations to the doctor, and our felicitations to the Union. The address of the new chairman was characteristic of him, and was splendidly received. The reports presented to the Union indicate healthy progress. The tone of the churches is decidedly evangelistic, and there is never any doubt as to which side of the current moral and social con troversies our Baptist brethren may be looked for. We devoutly wish our energetic confreres a year of prosperity and blessing. The ' Social ' column in Pomps and Saturday's issue of the Vanities. daily papers is eagerly scanned by lady readers, who revel in the accounts of the 'quiet but very pretty weddings,' in which the names of their friends or acquaintances appear, or the other records of the 'doings 'cf-aocioty. ThaittOTO'FOtioug amongst the sterner sex, however, also find in the perusal of the ' social ' items cause for somewhat sad reflec tions. The wedding notices, with their embellishments of a description of the bride's dress, the wedding gifts, which are always ' numerous and costly,' and the names of the guests are, of course, perfectly legitimate ; but alongside these are to dp found accounts of ' novel ' teas, euchre parties, etc., given by fair hostesses for the entertainment of their friends. We are not disposed to be prudish or Puritanical in our ideas of amusements, but it is impossible to read the ' social news ' of our daily papers without coming to the con clusion that these frivolous, if not per nicious entertainments are nothing nrnre or less than expedients for killing time. At the 'novel' tea the guests come dressed in a cprtain attire intended to represent the title ? of some popular novel, and the lady who suc ceeds in correctly indicating the largest number of the novels represented, receives a prize furnished by the hostess. At the euchre party the drawing-room is filled with tables, and incipient gamblers are encouraged to win by the offer of a prize, a gold brooch or bracelet for a lady, or a silver-mounted pipe or an up-to-date walking-stick for a gentle man, being the coveted reward. Here are ladies and A More gentlemen, most of them Excellent entertaining a regard for Way. religion and charity, many of them regular in their attendance at church, and some of them connected more or less closely with our own Church, who can find no better way of spending their money than in indulging in the pomps and vanities of the novel tea or euchre party. It is not difficult to guess the reply which they would give if an application were made to them for a prize of similar value, or perhaps any value at all, for the best answers at a Sunday-school examination or a reward for a ragged school or boys' club competition, or bibles . or clothing for converts from heathenism in connection with Christian missions. Many of these people hear from their respective pulpits the gospel of benevo lence to the poor and salvation for the world, and with a smug satisfaction 'feel good ' under some pathetic or senti- '. mental sermon, and think they have done their duty to the sinful and suffering world outside by giving the patronage of their presence to the church once a week. Those, on the contrary, who feel the responsibility of the injunctions of the Gospel, find they have not time for such senseless trash as novel teas, or worse, euchre parties. They do not need to resort to these methods for the purpose of killing time, but they feel, the call to do good to be- ?. so imperative, the time for doing it to' be so short, the field of Christian enter prise to be so large, and the harvest of results to be so glorious, that life is not long enough to do all that they would, like to do. When will ' society' learn. that 'the Kingdom of Heaven is not eating and drinking, but righteousness and peace of joy in the Holy Ghost.' 