A FAMILY GHOST CLOCK. Of the faet that strange phenomena exist which people are obliged to accept without being able to explain them. onys the " us. ton Transcript" (U.S.),the quaint little town of Marblehead furnishes an instance in the shape of an old clock, or the almost empty case of one, belonging to Mrs, Pitman, who lives on Reed's-hill, not far from the railway stLation. Even the most sceptical have been obliged to admit its extensive and mysterious work ings and to confess their Inability to expinin the power that controls it or to advance any reasonable theory upon tihe subject. It has been visited and examined by Ihnusantls during the past few eoars-by olergymen, scientiats,a nd others of learoing and expelt once-and they have all colme away satisfied that there was no delusion or trickery in what they witnessed, and lilled with wonder at what they hard seen and heard. It is simply the wooden case of an old fashioned eight-day clock, entirely dentitute of works, and containing nothing save tile coiled wire that once formed a portion of tire striking apparatus. It was the property .f Mrs. I'itman's father and hat, n e'r, to her recollection, been other than it is now-with out pendulum and mechanism. For some reason unknown to others, it was prized very highly by the old gentleman, and was kept on the mantel of a eeldom-occupied room on the second floor of the house. The family, comprieing.besides Mrs. Pitman. trer father, cJlildron, and broencher. were olhureh going peodple, and were never known as no callel Spiritualisot, and sho knew notling of the mysterious powers possessed by the old1 clock until one evening, when site heard it strike clearly and distinctly, as if in perfect order. She listened with amazement until the - strokes ceased, and then, turning to her father. was about to express hier surprise and ask him for an explanation of the wonder, when he said very quickly: " It is striking for mo; I am going away." She lauglied in disbelief, and he added: • I mean that I am going-never to return." " But there are people who say that those who die do come back sometimes." she said, refusing to regard the matter seriously. But he looked at. her intently as lie said, slowly and solemnly: " Then,if it is possible, I will return to you, my daughter, and in a way you cannot mistake." Nothing more was said at the time, and a few days later the old gentleman died-very suddenly. Mire. Pitman had given little thoughlt to her father's words, until one day when in the room where the clock was kept, site was startled by hearing it tick, with the same regularity and distinctness as though .the missing works were again within the cabse and moving the long-cone pendulum. She hastened to call her brother; and as the two stood listening to the monotonous " tick-tick " of the invisible pendulum, she told him for the first time of what their father .had said to hier shortly before his, death. He listened to .her with imupatience, and when heretory was finished he asked,aogrily, if she believed their dead father would cnomo back to earth and manipulate tihe old clock. And he warned hter to say nothing to the neighboure about the matter, for fear they mi ght " think her crazy." Severnl clockmakers were called in, but none of them could find anything to account for the strange ticking within the caee,whicht now began to come quite frequently. lmrs. Pitman soon found that the lck would reply to questions which could be answered by a simple " Yes 'or " No," and that the reepoueas were always sensible, and, wihen relating to future events, borne out by the saubequent facts. These answers would come not only for her own benefit, but f,r that of others na well, so that Imany have crunsulted it through her " mediumahip i" if rtuch it can be called--aad mways with atistfrctory resutlts. At times, and when the vltitors are musical, there will he heard a tinklhr.gas if invisible fingers were picking otn the wire; and, upon one occasion, there came to the astonished ears of a lady the opening noutc of an air whichll had been the favourite of a recently decased relative.. 