I MIDSHIPMAN'S ROMANCE. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. 33»y ©1.3., Author of "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The Golden Hope," "The Death Ship," "The Frozen Pirate," "An Ocean Tragedy," "A Sea Queen," "My Danish Sweetheart" , "Til? Good Ship Mohock," "Alone on a Wide, Wide Sea." "The Tale of the Ten," die., &.c. ; COPYRIGHT. , CHAPTER V.- (Continued.) . A. great locomotive barged Into the car riages. ; ' ' "I will ask you to see her safe ' on hoard, Mr. Longmore, and shall be- grateful for any acts of attention you show lier," said the rough-looking gentleman. There was now too much' bus.tle for talk. Porters were running about, passengers were getting In; the drunken sailors looked out of the windows. We took our seats after Miss Stuart tenderly kissed the rough- looking gen tleman; the guard piped liis whistle; tlie book-stalls and the refreshment rooms slid- od past; It was the broad gauge smooth, swift, delightful as railway travelling can ever be, and presently we were clear of the station, ourselves the only occupants of the compartment. It is a fact that I retained a very perfect recollection of the features of the phantom, and in the girl sitting opposite to me 1 beheld tlie' imagination of my brain, that vision of lhy soul's eye clothed in the grace and sweet- liess of womanhood, somewhat tall, a most beautiful figure, an expression of face as cap tivating as some haunting gem of poetry. She asked after my father nnd mother, and I inquired' after her mother, and she answered that she died IS months ago. She was going out tb Sydney to live with an aunt. The only relative she had in England wns the gentle man who had seen lier off. Mr, George Stubbs was lier uncle and a widower, and strongly approved of her Living with her aunt out in Australia. She said: "Your people must have thought- my poor mother very l-ude. I reminded her that I was to drink tea witli you, hut she would not hear of it — would not even call at your house again, and as soon as possible left Bbuville. She was Indeed mare terrified than you would believe." "She was a little superstitious perhapB. 'VSlie was a spiritualist, and believed in ghosts and visions, but, strange, to say, was afraid of those who saw them. You saw them, and she was afraid of you." "I only saw one," said I; "I can never hope to explain it. It ivns you shaped in the moon- \- light, and ' when I fell Into the -water the same face came close to mine. I have sel dom thought of It since." "I have thought of It over and over again, said she. "It was like believing I was dead, and that you had seen niy spirit. Your par ents will think: mother acted very rudely, she repeated. "But she got some extraordin ary notion about you Into her liead, and we left the town," she exclaimed, laughing, "as hurriedly as If we had been In debt." I saw that she knew the character of the notion that had entered - her mother's head about me; In fact, lier looks betrayed her, hut I. asked no questions, and wo fell Into, other courses of talk. I related .-for her en tertainment a few of my sea experiences and told her how I had run away from school. Her own life hnd been uneventful; they had . lived in Leamington, and then In London, where her mother had died. She told me that her mother was always talking of returning to the colony, hut she delayed it year after year, and then It was too late. . .3«? Sailors seei little of ladles, and- ttiisijucftlatoB perlinpB why Jack is not over particular: A man In my time might ' .be .away for two or three years without seeing a. woman,, .unless black or yellow, and people' are surprised If ' he marrlc-s the first girl he meets on his r- turn home. In my case, however, the de light I took in looking at this girl who sat opposite was not duo to my taste for distin guishing being blunted by the'lsolatlon of the occ-an life, She was a thorough lady; her voice was soft and clear; I could not hut Wonder that so fair and engaging a girl had not got married. We found plenty to talk about, and Swindon surprised us: "This is very good travelling," said I, at . which Bhe smiled, and I took her Into the refreshment room, which was not very crowded. We arrived at Plymouth, and I found that my ship had reached the Sound that after noon! She had been delayed -by head winds down Channel. All. Miss Stuart's bftggnge was aboard of her, and :it was convenient that we should Join the ship at once, as ,lt was necessary that i should report myself. i was disappointed. i had hoped to find that the ship had not arrived.I had looked forward to tt "ramble with Miss Stuart in -one of the moat romantic harbours In England,- and. a little dinner at the best, ..which is usually the cheapest, hotel in the place.' However, there was the ship, and we must join her, and It was five o'clock, and the sooner we left the better. .."There Is your home for tho next four months, Miss Stuart," said i. as two boat men rowed up leisurely to tho ship. "She's a handsome vessel," Bhe exclaimed. We drew to the gangway below; I paid the boatmen, who grumbled; I handed Miss Stuart up the steps, and carried her shawls land portmanteau. Captain Bowser, the' commander of -the Bhtp, in a naval cap and blue cloth Jacket, leaned over the poop mil watching us and I saluted him. The air was full of the smell of hay in compressed bales; cocks crowed, pigs grunted forward, and you heard the lamentation of sheep In the long boat. We wore outward bound, and though it Is true we carried but twelve passengers In all, and they were of the saloon, we should touch nowhere until we entered Sydney Heads. The decks were quiet, the rigging had been colled down. All had .been done . In London. Indeed, the ship called at Ply mouth only for the convenlonce of passen- gers; and If the breeze served her she would sail next morning. .... Miss Stuart' needed no Jielp; she sprang through the gangway, and when the captain saw her. he came down -the poop-ladder, and touching his cap introduced himself. Bowser was a man of fifty, cooked to a turn by many years of seafaring. He had come in through the hawse-pipe, -by w'tiich Is signified he had begun his career in the forecastle, and' you would not have called him a man of educa tion, or very courtly In his address and man ners. But he was a good sailor, and a safe and humane commander. He had a very large head, ahd his neck was Immensely thick, und lay in two or three rings under his hull- at the back. His eyes were staring and glassy, and his general expression was -a little wanting in meaning. With the smile of a skipper who addresses a passenger he said: "Are you Miss Stuart?" "I am," she answered. "Then you are the young lady who ,1ms been placed under iny charge by your uncle, nnd I will take very good care of you,") said he., "Let me show you your cabin." Then entered what was the custom then to. call the cuddy, and I followed, bearing her' wraps and bag. . This interior was a large room-, carpeted and panelled. The mizzen- mast pierced It, but the shaft was fluted,, and by gilt and the decorative power of the artist transformed into , an embellishment. Three . gcod cabins were situated aft, one of which was occupied by the captain. ' Otherwise the saloon swept clear to the walls of the shlp,and„' was indeed a very handsome, spacious apart ment, filled with dinlng-tables, couches, arm chairs, and the like. . A large square hatch yawned Immediately In front of you as you entered, and down this sank the staircase by which Miss Stuart gained her berth. The captain took the things from me, and Belle gave me a sweet bow, and said, a little archly — "We shall often meet," which caused the captain to stare, for ft is not customary for young ladles to talk familiarly— Indeed to talk at all — to a midshipman, though I had signed as third mate. I was a bit moody, and sat In my bunk and smoked a pipe. A young fellow-cannot leave Ills homo, even though he Is used to going to sea, without a little.- depression of spirits at the start. The excitement of my Journey had drawn off my thoughts from the strange ness of our encounter; and now I was think ing, whilst I watched two -or three of the youngsters light fine new meerschaum pines and try to smoke, and seem to like It, that our meeting was ' not a coincidence, but a miracle, made so by the vision of my child hood; and I felt superstitious, and wondered If my mother had been right when she said that Belle's life was to be mingled' with mine In some inscrutable way. 1 I went on deck to suclc out, my pipe; the evening was a glowing twilight, and the stars shone in the squares of the ratlines. The cuddy was alight with oil.lamps, and I stood In the recess under the brqalc of the poop, admiring the familiar scene of sparkling mir ror, and .flashing crystal, and hanging, flow ers, Pale and beautiful lights, delicate as the moonshine of fairyland, flushed the face of the waters, and on them reposed the tower ing shadows of men-of-war and the lesser heights of merchantmen. Somewhere a band of music was playing; I caught the air and hummed it in tlme.as Ismoked. It was- "Cheer Up, Sam!" There was not' much ex hilaration of spirit to be got out of that dis tant musle. ' ' I spent a bad quarter -of- an hour In that recess, and then a man came down qff the poop, whose company was like tq make me more miserable still.' He was the second mate, and his name was' Curling. He was a. dark, gloomy young man, .with a stoop, a yel low face, and dead black, eyes. I had served with him before, arid had never known him capable of a moment's happiness or pleasure. "When did you come on board?" he said. I told him. ! "Well, here we are outward bound!" He ex claimed. "I don't need to be told that." "But It's always been outward bound in this life," he continued; "the moirient we are born we are outward bound. Don't make any mistake; you can't, shift your course, you're headed straight from the womb of life to the womb of earth, arid, growl you may, but go you must!" . .>- - "What sort are the passengers?" I asked; watching the sheeq in his dead black eyes, whilst he lighted his pipe, at the little bull's eye which Illuminated the clock under the cuddy front. "Few. thank God! but beastly unfit. The lUteliest is Mrs. Trevor, who told me that she'B eighty-five, with all - her facilities." "And she goes to sea, possessing all her faculties?" said I. "I like to talk .to her," said the second mate. "I'm Interested In very old people who are nearlng their end. I asked her this morning in a short chat if slib considered : herself saved. And she answered so much, so, that she had nothing left to do but pray for me." "Did you give her. a tract?" I asked. "I had none upon me; but I have plenty in my chest. I'll glv? you a few to-morrow for the midshipmen's quarters." "Ay. something smelling of blue ruin — " As I said this I saw In the corner of my eye somebody coming up the steerage ladder. I lecked, and beheld Belle Stuart. I was vi sible to her tn the light of the lamps, and without, hat or shawl she at once came to the cuddy door. The . melancholy Idiot of a se cond mate might, with half a glanqe Jiave guessed from her approach and accost that we were friends,, and moved off, Not he; he leaned agalnBt the side of the recess and suckedhis, pipe; and stared and listened. ', I never read descriptions of pretty women, and can't wnlte them. But I just want to say here that. I had not. before seen Belle with her head uncovered and without a jac ket, and now. she leaned In the cuddy door the picture of a Bweet English girl; her hair sliope with the -light, and I never met any girl with a prettier figure. "I, think' I shall, find my; berth very com fortable, Mr. Longmore," said she. "I wish we had started. We shall be a small family party at the cabin table. Will you bo one of us?" . "No," I answered. ' , "He's only third mate," croaked' the pecond mate. (to be coxtikukd) 