A Night of Romance. By B.W. 'Aren't you ready, IreneP lean hear father pacing up and do«rn, and that's a bad sign.' ' Yea, job,1 answered Irene. Do come and help me j I can't button my gloves. Do you notice that they have been cleaned? BeDzine has such horrid smell.' ' It is to be hoped no one will want to ' touch your Soger with his lips,' as they do in books,' Bsid Ruth. To her, her sister's was the dearest hand on earth. All the glamour of Irene's perfect beauty came upon Ruth with a rush—the curie of prim rose gold, the face they framed, the pearly white arms gleamiDg through the gauze of the ball dress. Irene in ber calmly acceptive way was quite aware of this. She was a spoiled little thing, shallow, yet very lovable, and Buth loved her with all her heart. 'Don't stare at me,' Irene said, half-pettish, half-shamefaced, 'You are as bad as ' ' George Monteith, you were going to say,' said Buth. ' I hate his look ing at you, Irene, or paying you his horrid compliments. He's not nice,. and father won't have bim at the' house. If he knew about his sending you flowers and sweets he'd be awfully annoyed.' You won't dance with him muoh to-night dear, will you ?' Irene had been tying a feathery fasoinator over her head. ! How can you say such things f Ton and father are prejudiced, and you don't know him.'. 1 Jack told me some things,' said Buth,' and Jack knows everything.' ■ Oh, oh, I am tired of Jack. Jaok seems to rule the house,' and she snapped on a bracelet, which Jack had given her. Bath looked hurt. * How can you say that? You know Jack is as fond of you as he can be.' Irene aobbingly flung herself down on her knees before the dressing-table, regardless of crashed flowers and chif fons, or even the after-effect on her eyes. Buth was at her side in an instant, rooking the pretty gold head on her breast.'and trying to amoothe with soft words of love. Perhaps Irene was over excited at the prospect of the ball; perhaps she cared for Jack Quenton more than she liked to show. ' Is that child never going to be reedy?' said a deep voice at'tbe door. * Tout mother never detained me so long. It'a scandalous the way young people keep age watting.' Tbey were on theii :eet in an instant, and Ruth was spoDging Irene's eyes, to hide the traces of tears. Mr. Snmmerson surveyed his eldest olive branch and snorted—what effect her loveliness had on him was not betrayed. 'Unit, un>£, ttof,' he sniffed,1 What is this disgusting perfume yon have been indulging in ? Irene, always frightened of her parent, thought of the benzine, and trembled j while Rnth flaunted the spangled fan she carried, knowing it smelt all over of sweet violets. 'Do you mean this father?' ahe asked. • I don't know, I don't know,' he said. ' Why women of the present day bny these messes to perfume themselves with, instead of being con tent with God's fresh air, is beyond me. Come on, Irene; the phaeton has been waiting for quite lOmiautea, and we told Aunt Qaentin we wonld call for her at 8. Why—what is it nowP' Irene had ran back to the bedroom with a smothered exclamation which sounded like'handkerchief.' 1 • Why, I put one In her dress!' said Ruth;' my own little Bruaaela one. She most have overlooked it.' i Next minute Irene appeared, and they all went down the etairs to the door, where the phaeton waited. There was a little confusion about wraps and cushions. A wave from a I white arm and Ruth Summerson was left alone. 1 She went into the library and flung j herself into a chair before the fire, j Her limbB relaxed lazily in the com fort of it all, and the moments flew by. Presently the glow of getting I Irene off faded into an almost op-1 pressively acute feeling that she was quite alone. She felt a queer im pulse to speak as she thought. And she was thinking aB usual, of Irene. ' I wonder if she loves Jack, and, Jack, do you love her ?' She reached down two photos from the mantel and I etndied them. ' I am nearly snre yon do.' In time, perhaps, she will know what ahe has won and value it. I'm dreadfully afraid George Monteith is fascinating her. That is just what he I does, he fascinates. So do snakes,' and she shuddered. ' How can she even flirt with him when you are here P1 I Ruth gazed at the photos. Onel was Irene, strangely pretty; the other, John Quentin, finely featured and manly. Irene's ehe replaced, her coasin'e she held in her strained j fingera. ' Tou are twenty-five, she is twenty j nearer your age than I am—nearer to you in everything. No wonder yon care for her. She is so sweet and— so lovely.' i Jnst then the curtains of the library door were drawn, and Jack Quentin I came in. His eyes roved ronnd the room and fell on Ruth, standing in i the soft lamplight. I •Where is Uncle P Where ib Irene? Have tbey gone? he cried. Ruth nodded, •Hare you come for them?' ahe] asked. 'Mother thought you or Irene might have influenza or bubonic plague when 8 o'clock came round and the phaeton didn't,' he answered, • So I tan round to aee if you were all right. Must have passed them on the way. Are you all aloneHuthief" • Behold me,' ehe said. • It?e too- badj Uncle might let yon oome,' grumbled Jaok. .'Ton would have no end of a time in a ball-room, and it wonld be nioe tor Irene." Quentin'e eye fell on tbe photograph, wbiob bad dropped to the floor. He pioked it up. i •Why, it'8 «ne,' he said. 'Why am I grovelling on the floor like this?' • Ton—-yon most have fallen! down.' said Both, colouring. ' Put j it. there, please—beside Irene's.' There waa a moment's eilenoe. •Won't yon be late?' she asked. ' I am afraid yon are already.' ' Oh, a few mlnntes won't matter,' he answered, * What ate yon doing with yourself? Beading or writing tales f It must be oonfonndedly dull being all alone, isn't it?' I ' Not confoundedly,' she eaid; !'besides, they have only just gone. It's ench fan to hear all abont the danoefrom bene; and then father always hoe violent disputes-with Dr. Farr over whiet to tell of. Fancy playing whist when dancing was i going, on, I couldn't." I ' Don't mention whist, said Jack. ' Ton can't play that at any time. Now look here, Rutbie. Let me tun j round abont 12 and see bow yon ere j end I'll bring the latest report of the j festivity, and how Irene is enjoying it. Shall I ?' Roth'e face radiated with pleasure. • Ob, will yon P she cried; ' How lovely. Bat isn't it time yon wentf He caught the little poshing hands, and twisted her round to the light. And then he studied her. ' Do yon know, Bath,' he eaid, with a cousin's lordly patronage, 'yon are growing very pretty-—what onr James would call a 'fine yoang 'oomen.' No, yon needn't hide yonr face; it's quite true. Irene wili I have to look to her laurels soon. ' Oh, do go, Jsok, you are eo silly;' and Bath ineffectually tried to push him door wards. ' Well, good-bye. Take care of I yourself, and don't be afraid of ghosts,' He ewung from the room, and Both turned to the fire, with | the sonnd of his voice in her ears, ^ and the thrill of hie touoh in her heart. All at once Quentin's head re appeared. ' I forgot to say that it should have been an revoir, instead of I good-bye. I will be here—anon.' Ruth laughed, and called bim | silly; and then opened the door and let htm out. She returned to the fire, and knelt down on the rng. To her he spoke in this light, flippant way; to Irene he would have Been grave, dignified, gentle, and al together different, Ruth knew he was thought clever, studious, and energetic; evidently he did not think it worth while to show tbeee qualities to her; perhaps did not think her oapable of understanding them, even, Suddenly Queotin appeared again,. He must have let himself in by thdj side door, and Bath started to her I feet in surprise. . "Ton," she cried, "again? Oh, Jack, this grows monotonous. Have i yon forgotten anything ?' ' I just remember that I had forgot.. ten to eay' Good-bye'properly,' and, bending down, he kissed her before] she knew what he waa doing. 'Ob,'she said. 'Oh.' For these coneine had only known each other during the six months Qnentin had been in New South Wales, and Mr. Sutnmerson did not 1 approve of the familiarity which j usually exists between such relations. And this time he really went off, j leaving Ruth in a whirl of amazement. She could not understand. "He loves Irene, end he flirts with me,* waa the eenelnsion she came to, and she rubbed the little tingling place on her cheek. It must have been nearly 12 when Ruth opened ber eyes; ehe was cramped, and the fire was low. Ruth caught eight of herself in the glass. Her hair had let itself free, and fallen to her waist, with its bright glory. She went upstairs for her brash and comb, for the hair waa too tattled to be com fortable ; besides, Jack would be back about now. As she drew the brush ont there was a rustle of paper, and Ruth found a letter. Scrawled in blue pencil were the words:— 1 Darling Buth,—I am going away to be married 1 know father doesn't un derstand George, and will never give his consen t. So we are taking matters into onr own bands. Yon won't get this nntil yon are brushing your hair for the night, and, perhaps, father will have found oat by then. He slwaya plays whist all night long at dances, so George said that wonld be onr best opportunity, and I have sent a travelling dress to the station to put on. I don't know what yon will think of me, yon and father and Jack, 1 know yon will forgive me eoon. becanse, well—because yon are Butb, and will understand how I love him to do this. Jack likeB me, I think. He nesrly proposed once, and I like Jack, but I love George. Some day yon will approve of onr marriage. We are to be married to-night. We are going ever so far away, but I will write again. I can't write more now, and oh, don't be angry. ' Your loving, ' ibske ' She stood a moment trying to take it all in. 'Ob, it mast not be; it mast not be," she cried. 'That means tbey are to catch the 12 train to Sydney.' She snatched np a white shawl, and threw it over her bead, and as she did so a definite plan formed in her mind. ■ The station ib less than a .mile away,' she thought. ' I can run, and I have ten minutes.• She flew downstairs, and through the side door, and out into the garden. The gale was hard to open, and every minute precious. On she ran. At last the lights of the station were visible. The train was still there. Some milkcane bad caused the delay. Buth scanned the platform. Then she caught sight of a fair little bead. Irene and Monteith. The carriage door was open, and Butb darted to it. ' Irene!' she gasped,' what are you doing ?' Monteith's face changed. Irene burst into tears. Bnth tried to pull her on to the platform. The lover firmly unfastened the girl's hold. ' Do not interfere, Miss Buth,' he said coolly. 'This affair does not concern you.' ' It does concern me 1' she cried. 'Irene, dear, come back. He is not worthy of you. Quick, while there is time,' Irene wavered. 8be knew she was doing a very wrong thing, but infatu ation blinded her. Buth looked round helplessly; and who should she see but Jack Quentin, standing there all unconscious and serene. With surprise he caught sight of her, and almost at once real ised what was happening. He came forward, white and determined. ' What ie all this P' he demanded of Monteith. Irene covered her face. At that moment the whistle sounded, and Monteith'e face set in triumph. Irene stretched out her arms to Butb, and the next instant fonnd herself snatched from the doorway by Jack's strong hands, while the train and Monteith whirled away into the dark ness. It wsb by mere accident that Quen tin happened to be at the station. He had remembered that a dog he had sent up the country for to give to his mother on her birthday wonld be on board this train, and had ridden over to eee to it before going to report on the ball to Bath. Irene Summerson's premeditated elopement wsb known only to three people. ; Friends wondered at Mon teith'e disappearance, but, hs he wae known to be no good it was not: regretted. They aleo wondered why Jaofe Quentin, who had been eo mnoh with Irene Summerson that winter, Should eo completely transfer hie attentions to Butb. But by the time their engagement was an nonnced they had forgotten to j wonder at all, and' turned their thoughts to matchmaking on Irene's j account. 