' "" " """ " THE IYSTERIofw DARK HOUSE. .. x pubUSHEB Bt.SFSOUL ABSANGEItENTlJ ... . , .By BITiSL.. Author raf " Peg tho Rake," " Kitty tho Rag," "Two Bad Bluo Eyes," "A W'iwhii iult," ' "Darby and Joan, B ."The Grinding Mills of God," "A Daughter of the oioplo''" a Husband of No Importance,'.' &o.;, &e.; C0FYRIGHT. -CHAPTER XXX. : MYSTERI- : — I O'UShoiisoof I j Pcnharvahad IW no 1 I Ions boon \fj f and locked, m i tho windows' "'111 'ft burred. Tlic ji hit jli oilonco "o£ : 1 2 death reigned ' everywhere, unrl mnvmt pronounced it haunted. The heir had been advertised for in vain, and though ono or two distant links of tho brokon family chain put in claims, Sir. Halpas pronounced them valueless. No cluohad been found -.to tho murderer. Tho two witnesses, Kuth and Peter Pasco, were reduced to semi-imbecility by the terror of that night, nnd the local police wero at a deadlock very soon. Arrests hud boon made, but no proof, could bo actually brought, und wanderers and trumps-, despite suspicious nppearunces, are not of necessity criminals. Month followed month, and the mystery of Miss Penharva's death, remained it mystery still, uud sufficed for locul gossip iii uiuny a fiinnhouso or fisher man's cottago us time wont on. Menuwhilo tho child lived 011 at Mrs. Sylvester's ruruh domicile, and grew rosy and strong aud beautiful, uud was the idol of her heart, and equully adored by Sarah "Wobbe. When Marian weut to towu for a tasto of tho season's gaieties she loft the boy to hpr friend's charge, and tho cats and clogs and prim old Patience had a lively timo of it. / « 1 Surah Wubbo obstinately refused to accom pany her friend ou any of these expeditions. She knew Dolores hod won a brilliant success. She read her name 111 tlio Loudon papers, hut nothing would induce her to witness a stage performance, und sho was still convinced that a playhouse wus the ro&d; to ruin for anyone of the weaker sex. Sho invited her niece ou periodical visits, but they had little in com mon, and Dolores' holidays wero brief nnd much taken up with tho study of new parts. Life for her had suddenly become a brilliant and engrossing thing, but also it was full to tho brim of work nnd anxiety. She lived now in a small flat, whose dainty appointments boasted of no luxury. Neither did sho outer- tain in any way that demanded the accessories of champagne and cigars, and Portnum and Mason's delicacies. At five o'clock .she wns usually 'to be found in her little drawing-room dispensing tea to such callers us chose to drop in on business or pleasure, but further .than r this : slio never went. No after theatre suppers, tempted her, no dinners ut Richmoud, no festive parties or steam launch or house-boat. Occasionally she accompanied Ericson and Elderhof on a Sunday to some quiet river nook, nnd allowed herself to be rowed or punted to Cookliain, or Windsor, or Henley, but dearly us alio loved x such excursions she often denied them to her self aud the two frionds >yho adored her in their different ways. As yet nor mime was, in a. measure ro- Kpected. Tho money paid. for, her dobutin tho new opera hud convinced Lover- sou that she bad some powerful 11 backer," but her success and undoubted talent won a sullen acknowledgement from him that she was not over-estimated by this unknown iuiluettce. Tho public — that great, strungc, mysterious power whioh makes itself at times un independent force, hailed her ns favourite with one accord. The months of anxious Htudy, the cure and weariness of spejnt(pnv seeming trivialities, had tnei'r 'reward ac lust.. Her boauty and her voice' would not alone, have sufficed for success. On the stage she' evinced a gaiety, a chic,' a charm that was quite apart from her natural oharactor. So xnose saia wno only louna m ner a serious ness and culture which aro not the usual qualifications of un actress of tho opera boutfei typo. Tho truth was -that 'all' Dolores had missed, tho suuny girlhood, the carelessuess and vivacity and single-heartedness of youth, camo to her in hor 6tago;' 'represehtatioh8. "When alone sho was a saddened woman with a burdened conscience and much natural bitterness of heart. On the boards sho was free careless, enchanting, indifferent; but capable of charm and able to let herself go with a supremo abandonment of pleasure in all sho did, und pride in the success sho" won. She loved her work. It " oiigrosscd and delighted her, and she loved the upplauso she gained for it. £ Llderhof had dono her a 'good sorvico in writing for her voice uud style, and tho two became firm friends on the strength of their mutual helpfulness. Tho pieco hud an exceptional "run," and ho was commissioned to do another. But Dolores bud 110 . rest allowed her. Level-son knew a " good thing" when he got it, and did not Intend rival managers to secure his " star." He engaged her for tlirco years ut u salary thut amused her, and mado her promise that sho would enter into no uew arrangements without giving him the option of a re-cngugomont. Thus all four for the immediate future wus set at rest. She had only to nurse her health and strength, aud she saw herself on tho way to, fortune. Sho studied inuoh, and road much. She had few ' friends, though sho never closod her doors to any members of her owii profession. They amused and astonished her, but she felt there wus between their recklessness and her own sorrows a gulf fixed that they would not and sho could not cross. The quietness of her way of living, aud the superior class of men allowed iu her rooms, astonished tho more lively of lier actress friends. Thoy could not understand it. Bub even the most reckless of these be-jowolled and bs-photographed celebrities felt them selves iu another sphere wh'ou thoy entered tho little flat iu Chelsea aud took their after noon tea from tho bauds of tho beautiful womuu whose sad eyes held a history they vainly tried to fathom. Site nover checked their impulses of gaiety, never, save by u look of surprise, stoppod n risky story or a naughty jest. But neither did 8ho oncourago thom. Somo of tho more during spirits declared those teas too "tonoy" altogether for their tosto nnd dropped out of attendance ; but a great many others pro- nonnccd them charming and good style, und recognised that thoy inot with an ultogothor different reception . froiu Dolores Dering, to what thoy did at Murian Storm's, or Mugda- leno Ord's, or Phyllis St. Claire's, also lead ing lights in tlio theatrical world. Tho general idea was that Dolores wus a bit "near." It was kuown ehohadagood salary, yet slio lived very simply, with an elderly housekeeper us sole attendant. Sho never wore a jowcl, her dresses were of tho plainest, and isho usually walked to the theatre in fiuo weather, or took uu omnibus in bud. All thin was quito at variunco with stage traditions, und thoy could not under stand it. "What wus sho saving for ? .Why didn't she sport Bond street dresses, nnd givo ohampagno suppers, and generally enjoy her self m approved " Cigalo " fashion? They could not understand it, but not eveu the > v boldest spirit amongst them dared put tho question. One thiug wus evident. . Their l-espectivo admirers wero safe. For men, rich or poor, titled or shoddy, Dolores. cured not a whit. No callow lOrdling nor Stock Exchunge autocrat laid their fortunes at; her foot, or their banking nccouuts at her disposal. She was proudly, coldly, indifferent to all classes of. men. Tho boldest could not boast of a favour nor tho richest of en couragement. It was marvellous, but it was tuo, and after theso years of public life, no scandal hitd mado hor name public property. '"Every penny sho could spare Dolores sent to Mr. Malpas, und by him it was used for little David's benefit. > Ho professed to be tho child's guardian, as Miss Penharva had decreed, .but uliowed him to remain with Mrs. Sylvester for tho present, paying for his board, ulothlng, and later ou for his education, which was conducted by a governess who came daily from Penzanoe to initiate his juvenile mind in the mysteries of thu tlu'ue I . - ' The boy had an ideal phild's life. Dolores had declared ho should, and sho could have oliosan no one moro oupablo of carrying out her wishes thnn wus Marian Sylvester. Ho was out in tho open air in all weathers. Tho fishermen taught him to row aud sail a boat. His mother had sent him a small sure footed pony, through his guardian's medium- ship, and his bright face und golden curls were a well-known right botween's' Laud's End aud Ponzauce. 'Ho was on friendly terms with everyone in the district, but . it was only when Dolores came to' stay that ho had unlimited holiday. Tho two wero sworn friends now. Tliey would spend tho . whole day out of doors, sailiqg from bay to bay, or riding or driving to the inauy picturesque districts around the coast. . "When ho was soven years old sho took him to the Scilly Isles for d few weeks. Sho had iiever been tboro '"since that -brief stay, out short by the tragedy of Miss Penhurvu's death. It may havo been that roasmi that brought .tlio memory of-tho murder so koonly to her mind that she one day questioned tho boy on tho matter. They wore on tho water as usual, sailing on a ruffled sea of crystal - blue towards the Western Isles. Tho boy had been demon strating to tho admiring bontmau that he knew jierfcctly how to set a sail and now had returned to his mother's sido hot and ruddy and imporhmt and thrown himself down with his head leaning iigaint her knee. "Davy," sho said, 4tdo you remember when you wero a littlo boy and lived in a house that was always dark, with a white- haired lady who was very fond of you?" ' jt He drew, his brows. together in a, puzzled frown. . ;"Was;ifc Mis'ry/. you mean?" ho asked, abruptly, 44 xes," she said, eagerly. "That was what yon called her." 44 Of course, I remember her," ho said. "Why, sho coines to see mo night times' often." "What! " exclaimed Dolores, breathlessly. " Yes," he went on, gravely. "I never tell no one, but she sits on my bed and looks at mo exactly just us she used to do. I know licr quito well. Only sho won't speak; not over she won't speak. But she looks so sad, as if sho had something to tell mo and couldu't. Just before I go to sleep sho coines ; same as .always sho did iu tho Dark House, you know." Dolores' heart beat fast. Sho know tlio stories told of Pcnhnrva. Sho know, too, tho popular belief that Miss Ursula 4walkcd," ami would so walk until her murder wns avenged. Tho child spoko so frankly aud simply she lmd no need to doubt his o\vn belief in what ho said, neither did she ; but her faith in ghosts and spirits was far re moved from thu strength of Cornish supersti tions, nnd his simple declaration filled her with wouder. "Every night docs she come, Davy?" sho asked. 44 Oh, no! not every night. Sometimes it's a long time I don't seo her ; then sho will be there two or throe nights. Dolly, where IS uhflp TYa fliAV ul.ll F Lnn im in fltnf rlni>% liousQ nil tilonc ?. Slicis so white, just as if she never saw tho sun, or tlio sen, or walked in the garden us I made her. And I'm not ever allowed to go to Ponharva. The gates aro all burred and runty, and it looks so dark. I peep through toe bars sometimes, bnt no one's there, and old Ruth she says Mis'ry lias gone awuy. But if slio's gone away, . wfiy does she come and see mo, Dolly ?" He always nailed his mother by tlio namo her aunt aud Murian Sylvester used, und she loved to bear it. At thnt strange question she felt her cheek pule, and a chill of terror stilled her throb bing pulses. . " Aro you sure?" silo asked hoarsely. " Of course I'm sure. I kuow she comes." _ " Then, ask her — ask her if sho has any thing to say — sho may he iu trouble, ia sor row — und if sho would tell you." Her voice broke. What was sho' talking about? Ho w could the dead speak ? What could this vision, this voiceless form, bo but a phantasm of the brain, a dream-picturo im pressed on the ohild's memory. Yet for all her sceptioism this simple belief claimed her attention. Sho gazed into the boy's deep eyes, and rcmombcreil that what was hidden from tho wise was sometimes re vealed to babes. "Davy, dear," she said again, " when did sho como to you last ?" " Last night," ho answered. ) Dolores started, " What— here?— in your room here ? Whera was I ?" " I think you was asleep," ho answered. Grammar was not Duvy's strong point. "It was all dark and I woke, and thero sho wns sitting ; and sho seemed light somehow, and I could see her quito pluiu. But I was so sleepy I only said, 'Good-night, Mis'ry,' aud went to slcop again." Dolores clasped lier hands together tightly. Her' agitation increased. " Davy, ii alio should come again will you ask her something ? Will you usk her this? ' Huv'e you unything to tell liie ?' " Ho raised his head, and looked surprised. " Oh, yes, but. I don't s'poso sho will, sho never doos. But I'll toll yon what. I'll call you in, and you talk to her." "Oh, no. It might— I mean she wouldn't like it. It is you sho wuute, I'm sure. She wus so fond or you, dear." Halt'-niusingly tho words escaped, but tho child's quick intelligence guvo them moaning. \- " She is fond of me," ho said. "But slio's not my right own mother, is she?" "No." said Dolores, huskily. "No, Davy. Sho only took you when you wero a little friendless baby, and gave you homo aud shelter, and love — bocuuso — bconuso your own mother couldu't." "That's what Aunty Sylvester says, and Aunty Sarah." Ho called thom aunts pro miscuously. "Thonlhadau own mother, Dolly, somewhere, liko other children ?" " Yes — and sho loved you very, very dearly. But she had to givo you up to Miss Pcnhurva liecauso sho was very poor and friendless, und could not huvo you with hor." "Did you know her?" usked tho boy, with the startling abruptness that murks a ohild's uptitnde for jumping ut conclusions. "Yes," said Dolores. Ho sat holt upright now, and looked , into her face. "Thon whoro is sho now?" ho asked. " Cun't slio never come baok und tako euro of me, uud let mo holp her, uud work for her sunm us other boys work? I could fish and Sho stopped liim with a touoli oh his eager lips. "Dear ohild, you itro happy, cured for, why should you want hor?" Ho considered u moment. " It seoma right to havo ouo's own mother," he said. "But Idiuosay she'll como back soipu day. Look hero" — with anew eager ness — "suppoao I ask Mis'ry noxt timo I seo ber whoro my mother is? " "No," said Dolores, with sudden passion, und there- wus fear iu her oyes und iu her voiuo. " No, Davy, not that. Ask her ouly if wo shall go to tho Dark House, you and I. Perhaps wo shall fiud somothiug, somo oluo — thu secret of what slio wants to say, Davy — the secret of hor death." ' Sho paused abruptly. The child's face looked white and strange. "But sho' a not dead," he said, in a qucor little puzzled wuy. " Not like old Potor was when they put him in tho wooden box. Ruth says she's ut Punborva still. She's seen hor walk. Dead folks don't walk, Dolly, do they ?" She shook her head. "No, child, per haps sho's 110b dead, ouly ahut up there in those grim, dark rooms. We'll go and see, dear, you und I. It is not kind to have loft hor in that dark loneliness so long." "You're crying, Dolly !" exclaimed tho ohild. " Your eyes aro all wot." " It's only the spray," sho said, and smiled. But -when he gave baok his attention to tho sail and the dnnoing wavos, sho turned her head aside, and wiped away those sudden tears from oyes grown anxious and troubled within these brief last moments, k if9 BS etWIWOEnJ. 