!'TH E N 0-V E L IB'T: KCOPYMGBT.) IN THE WAKE OF poprrar; 11 ANAUSTRAlfAI^StdR¥. 0T .- - SV AN BE XT SB. OHAPIEB n.—CONTINDKD. Jasper, the father, *ii neatly years of age, and: the sons were. beyond middle age. Father'and sons-had been born at Bt. Columb, and had passed most of their lives mining, varied with occasional fishing when tbe sea was calm.. It m not long after the ship struck that Jasper and his sons noticed fragments of wreck drifting into the bay, and they pulled about in the hope of securing something valuable. The people of the village regarded a wreck as their own especial property,, and they bad no qualms of conscience regarding the appropriation of anything that came within their reach from each a source. Jasper and his sons weraengaged examining a mass of floating wreckage when they were somewhat startled -by tbe sound of a human voice to seaward. It was bnt a faint cry, bnt to tbe practised ears of the men it told its tale. It mast be a survivor's cry to come from inch a direction the men instinctively knew, and loosing tbe wreckage they had booked tbe boat was instantly turned towards the apof the soand came from. In a few moments a second feeble cry was beard, fainter than the first, but in the thick darkness nothing could be discerned save the white created waves that broke agaimt the rocks. They had almost reached tbe mouth of the Cove, and Jasper, who bad ignited an 31 lamp and was holding it above his bead 4iw another pile of wreckage sweep by. By the flickering gleam of the light the occup&ntsof; the boat saw a struggling ob. ject on the floating mass, which turned out to be a portion of the ship's bulwarks, but almost as they looked a huge wave dashed tbe timber against a jotting rock, and with • smothered cry tbe living object disap. peared. Impelled with tbe dssira to save life tbe men pulled perilously near to the boiling cauliron of the entrance, and as tbey did so • sheet of the Broken timber swept by the frail craft and * gleam of something white on it caught the old man's eye. Stretching out bis band he caught the object, which seemed to be a bundle of elotbes, and as it was of little weight be lifted it into the boat. Examining it with the aid of tbe light were astounded to find that it contained a child, and in a few moments Jasper was convinced that it lived. The boat bad by this time been drifting back into the Cove and knowing how necessary it was to provide warmth for tbe almost Inanimate infant the men at occe pulled back to the beach and landed amongst tbe wondering few who remained there. Mrs. Trenowetb was the first woman that Michael Jasper saw, and when she took tbe waif so miraculously preserved her motherly tenderness was aroused and ehe claimed tbe care of tbe child. This was at once conceded, for there were BO women folk in the Jasper household, and tbe care of an infant would bare been awkward, By dint of care tbe child was brought Sound and at daylight seemed little the worse for the awful experience of the night. Out of all on board the ship the child was the only soul saved, and the wondering people of St. Golumb regarded her—for it was a female—as specially under Divine oaie. There is no doubt that the cries wbich first attracted Jasper's attention came from someone who had tbe child and was lost wben tbe floating wreckage struck tbe rock. There was never tbe slightest clue fonnd to the identity of tbe lost vessel, and tbe only token discovered on tbe child was the name " Ines " broidered on one of its garments. lire. Trenowetb, after consultation with her husband and with old Jasper's conssnt, decided to adopt tbe little Inez, but tbe old man insisted on bis name being given to her as well as that marked on her clothes, Tbe Trenoweth'* child Edward was but a year old at the time and thus the two children grew up together, Edward was fourteen when be was sent to Eton, but tbe routine of school life wae extremely distasteful to him, and be longed for the wild freedom of his Cornish home. How he managed to remain two yeBrs at the great school it is not easy to explain, but during.that time he paid several visits to the Cove and eaoh time be saw Inez Jasper his boyish heart was more impressed with her. .... .... She was cfertainly growing into a lovely woman. Her features were as Spanish as her first same, and there was little doubt sbe was of Southern extraction. There f^Ks fioihinfe'ih cdtambU AietWeen her and the natures of tbe secluded hamlet, and consequently she was not a favourite withthem.tn'>gf ftii- Ui<>U t 'i Edward Trenoweth was a spirited and handsome youth and more to ber liking. Thefi developi Come 4 ep ^ u {jy u it best it was bbtTiove's young dream. At tbe age of sixteen Edward departed from Eton, or, rather, was compelled to leave owing' to a serious disagreement witb one of the masters. During his two year's sojourn there he bad not jfaslea/his firae but} h&d; madr fair progress with hisstddifes, 1 • , fit'-J j. The spirit of bis ancestors seemed to possess him, as he evinced.* decided inclination for the life of s miner. Both hisparents tried to dissuade him from ^t^rstt(t,|but 4tj was in >ain, and •oon «f&r;*l!ff*book ^Mt'" with hi* father in the working of tbe mine. This pursuit possessed an infatuation for Mm and bV'spsedily acquired a-practical knowledge of geology, Bis theoretical knowledge F«tooi bim In good need, and befw|. hew&sjlwo; years in . thamlne he wat regardeVas qftwf an authocity by the rough miners. This was in the litter end of 1865, and no one guessed of the awful calamity that was even then throwing its shadows orer the doomed OHAPTBB III. THS WHBAL HBBLIV. , One of the most ancient mines In venerable Cornwall was the Wheal Merlin. Its underground workings extended for. miles and formed • -perfect labyrinth likely to prove fatal to tbs .nnlnitiated .explorer. _ Having been worked for hundreds of yean''nearly every-spot was hallowed or cursed by the memory of a fatal'disnBleri Tbe awe-strdok miner .would show the visitor places Where human self-sacrifice bad reached sublime heights, or maj hap whore personal malice in vengeful mood had invoked aid of death to remove a hated rival or to gain a litUe wealth. Every suijtvr ranean gallery was filled with unwritten and nnpainted legends, but to the eujicreli tious miners and residents of the district they were infinitely mprs real and enduring than if. wrought in marble or bronze. Considering tbe primitive manner in which the mine bad for ages been worked it was n marvel tbat tbe acoidents had not been more numerous and more srrious. Even with simple appliances in use a great depth bad beenattained,and the work of ages bad caused the district aronnd St. Coiumb'a Cove to be honeycombed with un derground drives. In olden times tbe mine was noted for its rich yields and miniature battles had been fought for its possession. An ancient representative of the Trenowetb family, who had been worsted above ground at the outpost from which he defended bis property, took refuge below, and for several days fought the enemy in its drives. His better knowledge of these ramifications enabled hiai to triumph, but the victory was a hard one. A vii'ager named Penfold, who worked in tbe mine, was cither bribed or forced into showing tbe enemy underground, and this man paid dear for his treachery. Having been oaptured, the enraged miners took bim to tbe surface and then dropped him seven hundred feet to tbe bottom of the main shaft. His was one o! tbe ghosts that was said to walk by the credulous people, and whenever (he phantom appeared it was looked upon as an omen of fast approaching evil to the people of the hamlet. Sueh superstition as this may appear childish to the matter-of-fact people of today in Australia. It sboula not be forgotten, however, that even at this latter end oi the nineteenth century there still lingers in many parts of Cornwall superstitious beliefs that ceased to obtain followers in other parte about the middle ages. Mining ie essentially a precarious and dangerouB calling, and in such a remote spot as St. Columb'e Cuve—almost cnt ofl from communication with the busy world, and in a locality where nature herself conspired to overawe man—there was nothing strange in the fact that the miners employed in the Wheal Merlin should still cheriBh the legends of their forefathers. Indeed, they had some ground for the strange beliefs they held. On more than one occasion weird predictions had been verified in a strange and remarkable way. Omens that could only have been of supernatural origin bad, through the key of certain prior prophecies been interpreted, and they bad been fulfilled.' -• More than one hundred years before tbe date on which this stjry opens an ancestor' of Edward Trenowetb bad met the phantom of Penfold in one oi the diiveB of the Wheal Merlin. . . • J • Tbe spectre—so Trenowetb eaid—Dointed menacingly in a northerly direction, and then, like the' usual, orthodox ghost, vanished. •• This Trenoweth was a man more than ordinarily sceptical for. a Ciirnishman, and he refused io Jiaten to the appeals made to him by certain of the villagers when he told them of the apparitioo. . They urged, 'bat be should not work in tbe mine for a week and a day or harm would befall him. Tbe periodof -a week and a day was universally cabstdered as the longest in which, a spirit conld exercise a malign influence. Even Mrs. Trenowetb urged ber husband to take heed-of'the .warnings-given, but he was obdurate., He pointed out, like a shrewd, sensible man tbat be was, tbat he could not.pge how.-^prking the mine would precipitate sooner'than remaining above ground for ~a few days and perhaps having an enconnter'jwith eome straggling smugglers or pirates- jnrb; plight drop l into the Cove. If his hour bad come bis bolt would fall equally sure above ground as a few hundred, feet below the surface. This is tbe view tbat the pract ! cal man of to-day would take in such matters, but tbe sequel showed that Trenoweth sbonld have taken tbe kindly advice. N xt morning he descended tbe shaft In company witli nine men who were embued Kith the courage of their master, but none of them ever came to the surfaoe again alive. Blun tly after noon an outburst of air from the main shaft told tbe alarmed villagers that some catastrophe had happened, and tliey flocked to tbe mouth of the mine. S i ne. of tbe experienced miners wben 1 hey heard the rush of air knew but too well the nature of tbe fatality. It waB evident to tbem tbat an inrush of water had taken place, and this proved to be < be case. When a few of the more daring descended the ladders ibey found that the shaft wae marly half full of flood waters. It was thirty feet,-above the drive where Trenoweth and bis men were working, and it was certain .that they must have perished. :' . " : -They were working in the main drive to the north and the fatality was. soon found to have been caused by the bursting in of water from an old mine that had not been worked for a centnry. It *rb weeks before the bodies were recovered, and tbe villpgcrs went abont their tjsk BS if obeying a command of fate. They shook their beads and shrugged tbtir shoulders but said little, for they knew tbat Trenoweth had paid with bis life his disregard of;the phantom's warning. And eo from generation to generation these grim legends of spectial appearances and their results were handed down nntil tliey seized on men's minds and besarne clothed In the habiliments of reality, pietenting themselves as infallible articles of flesb and blood. CHAPTEE IV. THE omstBoraa. It has already been stated tbat when Edward Tnnoweth took charge of the mine he at once introdnoed an improved system o!w»tUa|, By deeper sinking he fell justified In be lieving that he would be able to follow tin rich lode further seawards, nith perfect safety. In rears gone by drives bad been put in westward as far ns it was deemed prudent, liut a large poriinn of-tbe lode which was Ihc richest in the mine had tu be left onworked through fear of tbe sea breaking through. When, therefore, Trenoweth put the western shaft down a hundred feet and made a surrey, he ca'coUted that be could drive a longdistance under tbe Cove without fear of a buret. This he set to work to do with energy, tind his enterprise was soon rewarded. Be bared a considerable portion of the lode and the returns it gave were richer than the oldest miner in the Wheal Merlin could lemember. - lu fact, it almost seemed as if fortune were about to smile once again upon tbe Trenoweth family, and Edward felt proud to tbiuk that ere long he would be in a position to off.r luuz a home worthy of tbe girl be idolized. It fchuuld be said tbat these two young peeple, growing up together, bad eome to love each other, and tbe villager* regarded it ns a matter of course that some day thBy would marry. The choice for either Edward or Inez in such a place as St, Columb'e Cove, was, it jB almost needless to suy, extremely limited, and to some extent this fact may account for the mutusl affection which ha i grown up between tbem. As the lode turned out so well Edward put as many men to work as could do so conveniently, and the drives were soon con •siderahiy extended As the upper workings approaebed tly: sea they were abandoned and all the opera tijns wore confined to tbe lowest level. Month ,-ifter month successful work was \- xp -n on this drive, and it so well re waideil the owner that the almost extinct tiuuiiu of St. Columb began to prosper. A miid eort of boom had set in, and it onlyn'iided a few colonial "syndicators " :iuil speculators to bare established a fleet• ingcityin the renerahle place. In 1S:!9 tbe prosperity of the mine was at its hi-i^lit, and tbe Trenoweth family were consiritred to be on tbe high road to wealth. In N ivember of that year E lward rondr. a survey of the lower western drive, and he ealculaUd tbat it extended folly one hundred yards under the Cove. His intention wai to continue the workings lo tue outer edge of tbe Cove and (ben discontinue. Pi uJcitce dictated to him that once tbe open ocean was reached it would not be safe to drive, although the level might bi far below the sea bottom. lie knew the Core sufficiently to under, stand that the ceaseless beating of the Atlantic rollers on the iron- bound coasi could not fail, after aece of effort, to honeycomb the cliffs. In places where soft strata existed fi<°ii"s would thus be worn to a great depth, and t • drive in such a place would be to invitedisaster. luside the Cove the case was, of coursdifferent. Sheltered from the fdry and force of tin eroding waves the weight of the Waterabovr the drive was the main point to be eon6i dered. At least that was the view which Edvar Trenoweth took, and jt wasy.one. whieiwould be shared by most experts. As Ciirislmas time approached Trennwetl> decided to celebrate the merry festival in a way worthy of his name. He had reason to blow the fosl dying year, for wealth and happiness-had -placed their benediction on bim'since the previous Christinas, • — lntz Jasper promised to be hiswi(e,nnd the Wheal Merlin had given up some of its' buried treasure to him. .. • - . • • He was bappy and he desired that the good villagers should s|iare his joy in tome measure. > . j On the 20th of December Morris Jones, the underground boss—as tbe "position is colonially termed—met Edward near tbr main shaft, and spoke to bim— There is a good deal of water coming.up; from the bottom of the west drive,-sir,-near the end." V " From tbe bottom?" Edward queried in surprise, " Yes, sir," *."'• "• 1 1 will go down .and. have'a look at it, Ton must have struct a spring, surely J" " It is a spring ut salt water," then, sir," Jones replied. ' • - Without further.' conversation "the two men "went- below, - and thence along the' western drive. About four feet from tbe face Trenoweth sure enough saw a small spring of water bubbling up from tbe floor of the drive. With the aid of the flickering lights be made a careful examination of tbe drive in the vicinity, but there was nothing to cause alarm. The roof of the drive was remarkably dry, and ft there that Edward looked far dSBgpJT; Tue men working at the face seemed a bit uneasy at first, bnt after Trenowetb's examination and his emphatic statement that there was no danger to be apprehended they were re-assured, As be turned to go baok Edward stooped to examine the strange, bubbling spray. It did not seem to be increasing in flow and the force was not considerable, so concluding that it was only the outlet of a small natural cistern he went baok again to tne surface. About noon on the 23rd of December tbe Trenoweths saw Jones coming to the house, where he bad been during the morning assisting in the preparations for the ObristtnaB festivities, 1 Inez Jasper was with bim, and Edward looked tbe pieture of radiant happiness as he came out to meet the foreman. "What's'the matter now, Morritf" be asked. > " Well, sir, the men in tbe west are beginning to get afeared. They say there is danger ahead. Tbe night shift told me this morning that they heard queer noises, and that fool, Jack Pengelly, swears he stw strange figures "standing at the entrance of the west drive and pointing down it," "Of course," laughed Trianowslh, "we muBtn't blame' tbe poor fellow for that. Such superstition has' been bom in him. But if you think-there is any danger," he continued, anxiously, " we must bring the men up at once." . ' ... ,- " I don't know what to make of it, Sir,' replied Jones. " Sometimes I think there Is so danger, and then again .1 don't feel sure of it. That spring is still tunning, .and stronger than before—but it ts not thai I am afraid of.' There is ocoasionUly a gaetr: ting in the faoe of the drive near the lode and if left alone for a few minutes Imill pieces soale oS without apparent cause: It is also getting much wetter; and, in fact, the whole face is weeping" (mfrUv ton fir mis/),—ZI> be Contimti, WI8 