The Affair at the Nest. »T MBS. BEMN COBVTDf PtERC*. ' Never mind, Frank, we can wait.' «? You're an angel, Violet,' and the young man careased softly the little hand that flut tered in his, ' and Aunt Hannah is— ' Not 1' laughed Violet Granger, finishing the sentence for him. ' Well, I hate her. What difference will it make to her twenty yea™ i»««. - - , marry now. I'm not sure indeed tbat she s good for ten years longer, and if— j ' Frank Eoaleson t' ! ' Oh, yes, I know. People may spare no ; pains to make you hate them. We| '^el?' 1 love the aunt who has crossed me all my hie, ? do I T You know it's not so, Violet. You ] know if I went home now, and found her m j her shrond, it wonldn't cost me any great ; bsftrt'sohs*' 'It should, since you profit by her money. Oh, Frank 1 Frank 1 I didn't think you would speak so of the poor old woman wjo has been a mother to yon, with all her harBh ness,,' said Violet, with sadsweetnees ' I deny it. Was it motherly to force me all my life to do the very things 1 hated most? Have I ever had a single taste or In clination she did not thwart n » T eible ? No, no, Violet, you and Aunt Hannah are two persons. I love one and hate the other, Bnd that is the end of it. I should like to be able to have my own way though, once before she dies. It'll be dreary waiting till ehe slips this mortal coil, eh, Violet / Tne young man Bpoke bitterly, and looked Violet [listened to him with unhappy, deeplyloving eyes. c ' Something will happen, surely Some thing may happen, dear,' she said, tenderly. ' And if we love eaoh other so truly, what arc a few years more or less to hearts so young as ours T' , . 'A few years! You're too mnoh of an aneel to calculate upon anytning oui termagant softening toward us. Sae won i, though. That flinty heart won t give in ^nn til death's lingers crumble it to ashes, xoa Bnd I'll be gray before that time. ' We can hope, at least, dear ; even Aunt Hannah cannot take our hope from us. Shall I sing for yon now I' Sb.e took bis silence for assent, ana going to the modest little instrument whicn stooa across the room, eang softly one tender, soothing strain after another, while her lover, lingering in tbe low window seBt, puhed the roses tbat grew near and their tore leaves with a half vicious hand, too savagely irritated .at thef ate that hindred his dfsires. to heed the loving tones with which Violet sought to draw him from hia thoughts. Contemplating the miachief her lover had done her roses next morning, Violet's eyes were half sad. half smiling ; but she broke into a carol, like bird notes, as she tied anew the vines his too energetic hand had loosed j from their supports. A passer-by called her. ?' Have yoa heard; no, I see you have no*, what happened at the Nest laEt night? Violet turned swiftly, with a changing countenance. Frank lived at the Nest with his aunt. , , . i ' Poor old Kiss Eccleson was murdered in be3 last night.' Violet caught at the widow-frame for sup port, her Jvery lips turning white, and her heart beating Blower and slower. I ' It can't be I' she gasped. j wish it couldn't, but it is. I just mctlh® ? doctor coming away. They sent for him, of courfe, but she must ha\e been dead hours be fore he got there. There's crowds of people gone over from town. But you live so remote from the Nest, it's no wonder you did not hear of it till now.' Violet shuddered, and wished the man would only go on, as he did presently, bb he was snxions to reach the scene of the tragedy. , , Murder 1 And Frank had almost wished her dead the night before ! Poor Frank, what a horrible lesson it must be to him ! Later iu the day came a note from Frank, a hurried scrawl, almoEt unread ablo an-3 written with ft band that visibly trembled. _ . „ . . * Hon e come near, oaning, « oaiu. horror is almost more than I can bear now. I wouldn't have you see and bear what I have to see and bear for all her money. I wish to Heaven it could go into the grave with her. I will come and see you ss soon as I oan get enough color in my face to dare to.' He came for a few moments that evening, but for all the life in hia look he might have been as dead as Aunt Hannah. H;s face was ghastly, his eager blue eyes had a scared ex pression tbat made Violet try, but in vain, to chock bim, as he lingered with a Bort of hor rible fascination, over the details ot tne murder. Aunt Aannah had been strangled with her | own pocket-handkerchief, as she sat late at ; her knitting. The servant had found her, purple and | stiff in her ahair, when they went to call her to breakfast at half-past six in the morn ing. ' I don't think she had been dead long. I didn't think so, and I sent for the doctor as fast as a horee oould ride. I couldn't do more, could I Violet T She always gets up early. . She must have got up early and taVen her knitting, you know, and the wretch that killed her would have been as like to do it early in ; the morning as late at night, wouldn't he i now, Violet dear?' ' Had her bed been slept in,' questioned | Violet, controlling her repugnance to tbe sub- ? ject for her lover'a Bake. '' No one could tell. She always made her 1 own bed though, snd she might have made in tbe first thing that morning. Oh : I am ; quite sure it was early in the morning. She : eat with her back to the window, you see, and her handkerchief must have fallen to the ! floor where the fellow could eeaure it without being seen. Then it was easy enough to ao oomplish the rest before she could cry out. She couldn't have had time to call out, do | | you think ehe could ?' | 'I don't think any thing abont it. And you nad better stop thinking about it.' exclaimed Violet, with an uncomfortable shiver. *' Why j will you talk of it Frank?' ' I won't if you don't wish me to,' Frank said, gloomily, pushing his chair back into the shadow, and covering his face with his handB. Violet regarded him wonderingly. j ' Poor fellow, he is so sensitive, ' ehe said j to herself, and moving her chair nearer to i his, drew his cold hands into her warm and loving clasp. ; He returned her tender gase with a look I painfully sad and questioning. ' Would it be possible, Violet,' he said at last, ' would it be possible for yon to be lieve that I had any hand in laet night's do ings ?' The face ot the eweet girl blanched like ' ?now. Her eyee darkened and dilated like one ?mitten with sadden terror. Then she - dropped her lips to his hands with swift, pas- ' ?ionate kissee. ' No, no, Frank : no, never.' 'My darling,' he murmured, draw ing her to him, and kissing her again and again. She remembered those kisses long after. Could any but innooent lips have kissed her so. There was no clue to the murderer, noth ing had been stolen, and though Frank Ec cleson was the only one who cou'd have pro fited by her death, no one thought of accus ing him, and not a shadow ot suspicion at tached to him. There was no one to contest the heirehin with him, and the Nest, with his wide, rich landB, and other belongings fell to him with out delay or question. But Frank Eooleson was unconscious ol ?11. He oame home from his aunt's fun era1 ? wet, soggy evening It was, and threw him the servants t. pile wood in the wide fireplace till it glowed ShL bl**e f*tied to warm trying to warm his chilled motaring to himself, till the fever Whioh had marked him for ite own, swooped uiddugitBbeakinto to hia chamber by main and «ving with delirium, M» t0*™® t0L-helP the housekeeper Mra. Grim, to nurse him. -.I?1,*®?*8 Jfrjnk Eccleson hang upon tbe to? tS'01 knew no one, wild P®??16 W1*** brain lever will, I?' ' 'S*®?8 _*£k. drove Violet's wwiling round her heart, and iMm tatt white face a BhaSow that was not StSv wfhp^j Bh® 4* totted eo deeper We b8d8ide' hai ™ ^5'® *»dbeen more thanhousekeepei toMus Eceleaon. She had been hefE r BometiSeB the eyes of the two women above that terrible oouoh,and tbe look of waa sick with horror, and piteous vith °B' pealing. The other's was hard, was T-UiitP' as her dead mistress' would have beun V-T1 similar circumstances. At laBt there came a time when iv, fever loosened its hold, and left the sick m like eome wan ghost of himeelf gtranfl' upon those shores from which he had so nf!-i drifted. 'J He was too weak, too strange to the use his senses to read at once the new look tJ,» bad eo darkened Violet's sweet eyes. With V her strength she tried to keep it out of th? when she looked at him, but hers was afrs i heart, used for mirroring all its thoughts!! those innocent depths, Frank bad read the too many times in the old happy days to art any mistake now. He was & CQWaV and would fain have persuaded himself th i his eyes told him wrong, but he oonH not. Besides, there was Mrs. Grim wbos face spoke the same Btory though in a dig ent tongae. et' The sick man shrank away amoiie his pillows, and shut his eyes whenever b» any chance Mrs. Grim or Violet looked at him. 1 ' Thus conscience does make oowardEol ns all.' 1 Mrs. Grim eat alone in the kitchen at th Nest. She sat with her feet on the hearth t the stove, those hard, unrelenting eyes gazin into the embers. & A soft step sounded beside her. It was Via let. Her face was pale, her eyee had dark circles around them. 'Well?' she said gently, as Mrs. Grm looked np. ' ' I shall do it to-morrow,' Sire. Grim said, and shui her eyeB tightly over the sen tence. ' You will give him no chanoe for hie life you who loved her ?' 1 Mrs. Grim's lips did not relax. She oni. ?hook her head. ij ' At least wait a week longer. ' When be will be strong enoagb to fle(L perhspj. the doom hs merits I No!' ? 'You will notf' and Violet knelt bvtfa« hard woman's side , and lifted her poor quiver ing hands in wild appealing. But Mrs, Grim only glanced st her md looked back into the fire. ' Then Violet rose to her feet again Went back to the siok-room. ' -1' '? Frank,' said ehe, going close to hin ' you must look at me; you must listen ij me. You are weak, I know, hat if j-ocr life depended upon it, you could get up and dress yourself, and go away from here, I am Eare you conld — I am Eure yon will try.' Frank Eccleson opened bis wide fclaeeyss ana looked at her. He seemed p that in' stant to shake off the strange cowardice thu had so unmanned him. ?? What do you mean?'7 he atksa. *? XeD me. If I am to muster strength for whit yoa say, I must have a strong incentive. Bat I will not try. I will stay, whatever it is, meet it. I have shrunk too long.' Violet shivered a little. ' You were delirious. Frank, and jon told all there was to tell, and Mrs .Grim beard it. She is going to inform against voq to moirow.' Frank lilted himself on bis elbow ud locked Violet in the face. A light seenwd to dawn upon him. ' Will you ask Mrs. Grim to oome here!— not that I may plead with her, bai that I may tell her the truth.' Mrs. Grim's etony lips set them»elT«£ lib flints, but she rose and went to tbe sick-room when she got tbe message. ' I have been a miserable coward.' Frank said, ae the two women drew near, but I bin not been the guilty creature you imagine. You are a hard woman, Mrs, Grim, bai yos are a just one, and you will believe me wagj yon have heard my story. _ ' I came home from your honse that ; night, Violet, with a bitter and wicked heart. ! I don't know but as heart I was wicked gt | the villain who murdered her. 1 ' It was late, but there was a light in my | aunt's room. As 1 came along the pssstg* | she called out to me sharply twice, and her i voice Bounded strange. There seemed, too, ! to be some sort ol strange movement in the j room, bat ii -na slight, and I, reeling itfri and bitter toward her, would not answer her, and instead of going to her, I turned back and went to my room another way. ' But I never dreamed what awful thing was doing. 1 thonght she had one of those : neuralgic attacks to which Bhe was subject, and 1 said to myself tbat she might ifat it out, bbI was doing. ' I don't know yet that il was not to, I don't know yet that she came to her death then, or that she was struggling with the villain when ehe called me ; but the fesr that it was so has nearly oob( me senses, and the fear that if I told the truth, it would direct suspicion to me ss the pro bable perpetrator of the deed, held me in a cowardly silence. Do you believe me, Mrt. Grim f ?' I do ntt believe you. Frank Ecslescin.' said Mrs. Grim, and went back to thi kitchen. Long before Frank bad finished hia reoital, Violet had crept close to her low and prayed him to forgive her. He had stooped to kiss the little handsjbtt fluttered to hie grasp, and to say, ' My poor darling 1' ?'How oould I*' Violet sobbed. 'I deserve that you ehouid never forgive me, but yon accused yourself eo frighifaily is yonr delirium.' 4* I accuse myself still. 1 would give iH my aunt's money to know certainly that ehi was not straggling with her murderer vbeo ehe called me and I did not reply.' Mrs. Grim kept to her intention, lodged her information, as she called it, in the proper quarter tbe next day. She met a somewhat discouraging re ception, however. Bnt, as Frank .said, though a hard woman, she was just, and she went back to bim and Violet with sincere rejoicing. The real murderer had been found, and hid ?onfessed to tbe deed. | He proved to be one of the laborers to i ployed by Miss Hannah Eccleson. Thos had been some money difference bewe® them, in which she had been wry The man was of a stolid, alow, rewng-foj nature, and he waited his time.and stianglw her with her own handkerchief as she knitting at half-past four on the aonuai they found her stark and dead in 'e chair. . So Frank had not tbat on by oo-' soienee. 