THE CORSE of ASSHUft 6EN0NI. BY ADABELLEBBY. CHAVTER XL—Continued. ' I want to do good with it,' said Tincah earnestly, carried a little out of her usual reserve by the darkness and the interest ot her subject. Her soft, lute-like tones thrilled curiously in the ears of the 'fascinating man, who had made love to many women, but never experienced its power before. * All good is done by societies now, You should give £1,000 to this hospital, and £2,u00 to that, and so ou. It goes farther in the hands of organised charities.' " I will not give unto the Lord of that whioh costs me nothing,' quoted Tirzah, with the simple directness thiB man of the world found so disconcerting. • I would willingly give, but that whioh is passed on only through organisations loses the personal sympathy and love that is half the essence of the gift.' «You are good/ he said, in a low voice, even his deadened nature touched by the living power of hers whom he loved. ' Miss Benoni, hewas a happy man who O won your vonr affection nffanrinn*' There was that in his tone which made her start aside, instinctively glancing towards him, though she could not see his face; but be csme close to her again and caught hold of her hand. 'Do not turn away from me,' he pleaded, in his soft, musical tones, know I am not worthy of you, and will not ask for your full love as yet, but all mine is yours, and if ' * Mr Geneste,' she replied, recovering herself and disengaging her hand, m t r m b * I know little of the world or society : but I feared I divined your purpose and because I would not give you needlesB pain have striven to show you I could not return your regard. I beg yen will say no more of this.' ' But I most and I will I' he returned vehemently. * You cannot bid a man*a love come and go like that. You may think you do not care for me now; but a month hence you may not be so certain, and again, later, you may have changed your mind altogether/ ' My mind is not so easily changed,' was the quiet reply. ' Do you mesn there is someone else yon care for?' questioned Geneste. * Do you mean the story is true that am not bound to answer vonr questions/ was the proud reply, thoogh, I repeat, I have every wish to j spare you pain.' * You love that dumb ' began he passionately, when Tirzah stopped short, and her clear voice, with a proud ring in it, called Hannah !' But Hannah's legs had by no means kept pace with the other's rapid walk. The clearest voice did not travel far in that ever-deepening fog, and there was [ no reply, venlo except evponf. that thst Geneste's fluiotit. 1 . voice broke the silence again. * Evidently Hannah does not hesr; but yon shall hear me. J love yen, and I mean to marry you,. Tirzah. Your guardian favours my suit, and if I cannot win you one way I will another. You think you care for that curate fellow ! But,, no; you shall not go 1' And he caught her hand again as she sought to quicken her. pace, disdaining in her maiden pride to ] run or call aloud for help. h 4 Let tte go, Mr Ceneste! I liave told yon your attentions are not welcome to me, aad forcing them in this way will certainly not further your suit. 1 ' /1 mil not let JOB go!' he replied vehemently. 'I have never loved before, I have never failed in a purpose before, and you shall be mine jet; A man cannot love as I do without return, Tirzah, say youre was but a woman's No; that ' ' It is not so. If you do not let me go at once, Mr Geneste ' Suddenly Wilfrid felt his grasp roughly detaobed by an arm strong as his own, and himself unceremoniously pushed aside; while Tirzah's hand was drawn through that same n\nscular rescuing arm, and Wilfrid for one moment stood at bay ere he strode off j through that * strange autumnal — » mist, - - which ' Clung as a face-cloth to the earth.' CHAPTER. XII 1 1 am glad you have come, Mr Swart,' said Tirzah, not trusting herself; to -keep, silence. ' Mr Geneste was saying something I did not wish to hear, and Hannah has fallen behind.' Josslyn Swart raised the little gloved I hand that lay trustingly on his arm to j bis lips, then freed it altogether, half regretting the momentary impulse he had obeyed; aad, moving a little from I her, walked on through the gathering I arkness by her side, while Hannah's j footsteps drew nearer and nearer. It was bitter not to be able speak, to have to leave it to someone else to explain that he and his mother were again leaving England to try another German throat specialist; that since they had bnt little time to apace, Yesurun hed relented for once, knowing Hannah to be with his ward, and haa sent the curate forth to meet them, BO that Jesslyn had come up unnoticed just in time to gather—with his quick faculty of hearing—that Geneste's conversation was distasteful to his communion. Tirzah talked in forced snatches till they reached the house. Silence under (hose circumstances was a pain, a dread. The triviality of her remarks she realised with contempt; but her brain, usually so quick, refused to respond to her calls on it. Her heart wss reigning supreme, and would not be inter feted witb. When at last they were indoors, she devoted herself altogether to Mrs Ewart, drawing her into a retired part of the great drawing-room ; for who so ready to tulk of their plans and hopes and her son's goodness as that devoted mother f and what music no sweet to Tirzah's ears as all that mother had to ssy ? There was one thing sweeter. For some reason best known to himself, the Sheikh pressed his guests to remain to dinner, promising they should be driven back later; and presently there struck on Tirzah's ears the first chords of Beethoven^ 4 Sonata Pathetique.* Yesurun was a lover of music Josslyn a master of his instrument and be was playing new because the storm of his feelings must have vent The grand piano answered well the touch of those skilled fingers, and the message of the lover's heart passed out m harmony to the heart of his mistress as the passion of the music vibrated in the responsive air. When it was over, Yesurun courteously complimented him, and Josalyn bowed gravely ; but his eyes looking beyond, met Tirzah's, and the face of each * Was pale as at the passing of a ghost.' Ewart sat up late thst night writing, and the next day the Sheikh received a short letter. 4 1 do not seek for pity,' it ran, after the formula of greeting. 4 You know y story. I myself have the conviction hat in His own good time God will emove the punishment He has laid on e, since I prized His gift not for Him ut for itself. 1 1 love your ward, Mr Yesurun ; and because, according to her father's curse, my tongue is paralysed when I would woo the woman I love, I needs must write instead. That she is rich is nothing to me. I have more than enough. Do justice to me as man to man, and if you see right, give her the letter I enclose. Yon are free to read it if you will.' For one moment of indecision Sheikh Yesurun held that unsealed letter in bis hand; but he once had loved, and was a man of high honour and of tender heart; therefore he quickly sought out Tirzah and handed it to her. She gave a glance at those strange characters, then at the open envelope, then at her guardian's face, and those keen eyes interpreted the unspoken question- * No, child ; I have not read it. dumb man's love-letter is a doubly snored thing. But verily, Titz»h, I would you were safely betrothed. A beautiful maiden is more of a handful than I bargained for' The Jew smiled gravely, but there was a look of genunine perplexity on his face. He wenc on. while Tirzah clasped that sacred letter closer. < Does Flnoa Geneste's Ci-anaatt^a prosper ? He is a suit, desirable then, young not man.' ' He does not press it in a way to prosper,' replied the girl, her eyes suddenly flashing fire. And she gave Yesurun an account of the preceding afternoon—certainly not fron anv unwomanly wish to vaunt her conquests, but to prevent her guardian unduly favouring Geneste's proposal ' So! I should not have credited with such behaviour,' replied he Jew, raising his eyebrows. 4 Well now, TinEah! feed that letter and come to eae after.' When he left her, Troth hurried to her bedroom and locked herself in to read her letter, which began abruptly : * What my tongue cannot say my pan most, in justice to us both, for * have kiseed yoa twioe, and you have not rebuked me. Each time I have obeyed an impulse stronger than my will. My lips have risen from your feet to your hand, but they must rise no higher till He * who made the dumb to speak ' shall, in His mercy, once mere loose, my tongue and let me plead before you after the manner of men. 1 1 should not dare even to write this but that I have read in your fsce the deep pity they say is akin to another feeling. I 'God helping me, I will neither write nor see you again till my speech is given back; I could not help hearing yesterday another man ask your love and be Tefused; while you accepted my protection, such as it is. De you understand my desire to have the right to protect yoa against all annoyance ? * If it is only pity you feel for me, though you gave your love to another and a better man and become his wife, will you remember that there is nothing in my devotion of which yau may not speak to him. And in that hereafter, where there is neither marryiog nor giving in marriage, our souls may meet withont rebuke in the presence of Him who is all in all to us. 1 i 'That He may have you in His keeping now and ever is the continual prayer of 1 Your devoted servant, Tirzah read through the letter and bowed her head upon it. True love is ever humble, and what waa she, she thought, that she should have the homage of a man like that, to whom, under God, she owed her faith and life ? Who yet pleaded no whisper of reminder, nor tbat he suffered his present affliction through her. Now — now she might with all maidenly modesty come down from her pedestal. And when she had a little recovered from the whirl and transport that confused het brain, she drew off her finger a ring set with a ruby, wbose crimson heart burred with ti costly, flaming lustre tbat seemed fit emblem of her and Josslyn's lore, and, writing on paper the words : j I have your letter. What you J give I receive, and give as much as I receive. And of that hold this in pledge till your return to England. Tibzah Benoni.' wrapped it round the jewel, and went down again to Yesurun. ' Read tbat and this,* she said, laying both Josslyn's letter and her reply before him, ' then tell me which man is worthier of my love—the man who forces his undesired attentions on me, or the one who gives all tor nothing ?' * Do you reslly wish me to read it, child ?' 'Yes; that you may know what he is like—yoa, who haye never heard bim speak Yesuran read. His eye glistened over Josslyn's letter, and his lip curled in a hidden emile ever his ward's rap v. He is a good man and true, Tirzah; but it would be a pity for your thousands to fall into the hands of a Nazarene curate.' 'Oh,you may take them,' she replied playfully, now that the strain was over—* tske them willingly, and found a colony somewhere for our distressed people.* «You hold them your own still, then Tirzah T—with a slightly wistful look,' 1 which went to her heart, so tbat she kissed him tenderly, smoothing his abundant, snowy hair. •Mostsurely. Are they not still God's people 1 And as touching the election, they are beloved for the fathers' sakes. Jerusalem and Israel are enlarged meanings to us Christians, my guardian ; but they are more, and not less, real and trne.* Yesurun sighed involuntarily. There I was a peace and assurance in his ward's | faith to which he was a stranger. Few of the Jewish ritea were observed by him, and the religion of hia fathers was becoming a far-off, misty creed, withont hope, without life. Tirzah felt rather than heard the sigh. She tnrned again, and kissed him gently; then, gathering np her precious letter, she departed to pack up and herself register and post her little parcel (or Josslyn. The office was just withont the groaods, so that she went alone, and walked back with the receipt in her parse; and all the world, in its * calm decay,' was beautified and transfigured by the joy io her heart of loving and being loved. Then she began to torment herself with sweet, painful thoughts. Had her reply been too enigmatical, too unresponsive % «If I had begun to wrile more where should I have ended V she answered herself, wiih a happy little laugh, remembering that now messages might pass between herself and Josslyn in Mrs Ewart'8 letters and her own. The way back was very short in deed, and when Tehran was reached she found a note from Geneste, apologising for his behaviour of yesterday, pleading the excuse that he was carried away by vehemence of feeling, and b e gging that their former terms of acquaintance might be resumed. After a little hesitation Tirzah gave the letter to Yesurun, who decided to answer it himself, intimating that Wilfrid's visits to Tehran had better be discontinued. And that gentleman, remembering how Miss Benoni had allowed herself to be taken possession of by Josslyn Ewart, felt hatred of both rising in his heart. Moreover, he had happened to reach the little post- office shortly after Tirzah had been there, and, in paying acceptable attentions to the girl in charge, had caught sight of a certain tiny registered packet, addressed to Josslyn Ewart, Esq., in Miss Beneni's handwriting. Tirzah Benoui might refuse, but she should not elude him. flad he not sworn to win her, and when yot had he failed in a purpose ? CHAPTER XIII, 1 Do you consent, or do you not V Wilfrid Geneste made the inquiry leaning indolently back in hi* chair, and regarding the Hon. Percy Warner through his half-closed eyes. The latter was pacing the room restlessly, impotently. Unwilling to do the deed, too weak to refuse, he felt all the heavy burden of the wages of sin when its servant has gone too far to break free from servitude, and yet is unwilling to put the coping-stone to the fabric of past misdeeds. Like Pilate, Warner appealed to a ubterfuge. * I can't understand a cautious man ike you proposing such a thing, Geneste. It's an act of the dark ages for which you will have to pay a heavy penalty in these days. The girl herself has the spirit of a lioness, to begin with ; Yesurun would be rather worse, to aay nothing of the law outraged at such a violation of the^liberty of the subject.' ' A. little chloroform will effectually quiet the courage of the lioness, and leave me to deal with Yesurun and the law. Remember, if you please, J care no more than a snap of a fioger for England. By nature a wanderer, what care I for your little 'isle set in a silver sea' and all the majesty of its law T {To be Continued) 'JOSSLTN EWABT.' 