The Golden Rule. " Mn. TANCKED, sir 1" " All 1" crooned tho chief of the Colonial Mortgago Compuuy, Mr. Avoson, as be rose from his comfortable arm-chair iu tho olUcers of tho couiputiy, ill Collins-street, Melbourne, " show him in, ehow him in i" And Mr. Ave6on, rubbed his hands with more than usual satisfaction as lie prepared to receive the unl'orluuulc client of the com pany who hud come, lie kucw, to beg for further advances or extension of time John Avcson IY116 not n bad fellow, al though he hud the ceputatiou of being rather a hard liuil in business matters, so (hut his apparent, sutisfuetiou, at the pro spect of an interview under such cireuin siauccs could not be uecribed to any malig nancy of disposition, neither was there any cause for satisfaction at the prospectol mak ing further advunces on a security the value of which iu these times of drought was only problematical. Late in thu seventies two young men who> judgiug by theiv complexions, had not long previously set foot in Australia, struck ineir camp on one of tlie Q.uecusluud tin diggings justu little south of fcitanthorpe, und after pussiug through tba Imrk tovrusliip, now ab solutely deserted from a tin rush some miles further down the week, they made for Xenlcrfteld and down llie Clarence iiiver. They were penuilass, und what little food they had in t he shape of llour, a few Johuiiy cakes, and the inevitable tea und sugar, was pulped and rendered useless during a two days' tramp in ceaselessly falling rain over the liuorool; Mountains in search of work at ihe silver mines. The day before they had lost their way iu the bush, reaching the main road by the aid of a friendly wire fcnco at ten o'elock at night, wet io the skin, and with sopping bluukeis. Ttvo more miserable, soaking and em ply bciugs could not be im agined. "Your turn, Jack," said the elder of the two, us they approuohed the homestead pad docks of a large cattle station. And Jack passed through the station gates, labelled "Casllorock" on either post, lo ask for em ployment or food, whilst his companion riiminuted at the roadside 011 their uuhappy experience of the past few months, "Said he couldu't feed every hungry loafor that passed along tho road, did he ? Well, never mind, my boy, the Lord send thai some day he may be as hungry as we are to-day." " Good-bye, Mr. Tailored." " No, I'm afraid (ho company can do nothing further. We shall have to foreclose-uot that we can ever expect to get anything out of tho place." " Yes, yes ! 1 know you've been I here twenty years or more. 1 was there myself about ae long ago, and damn you, sir, I've never for gotten it or you. I wus 'a huugry loafer' then." And with the satisfaction of n mau paying off au old score, Mr. Arcsou bowed out the hard- up owner of Custlcrock Station. -Pastovalisl Review. THERE are two circumstances on which the citizens of Bendigo, the perennial gold-pro ducer of Victoria, pride themselves-one that it. derived its name from tho famous pugi list, Bcndign, nml tlie other that the present premier uf Kiiglainl spent some time 011 the gold-field in its early day, somewhere about the time when the rnceutly-dccensed million aire, James Tyson, was tlie owner of a pros porous butcher's simp on tliesnme field. 'J'hc inniilent of Lord Salisbury's brief sojourn on the White Hills, about two miles distant from the city of Bendipo is brought prominently under notice by the following telegram ap peared in the Age on Thursday from its Ben digo correspondent:-"In April last Mr. C. 13\. Hichards, member of the House of Com mons, visited Bendigo, and was shown by Mr. J. Sternberg, M.L.tl and Mr. Stcrry, 5I.L.A., the cottage at White Hills which Lord Salisbury. Premier of England, occu pied in the early days. Mr. Richards took n photograph of the collage back to England, and presented it to Lord Salisbury, who re cognised the place, and was so pleased tlmt he sent an enlarged photo of himself in an oak frame, for presentation to Mrs. Dower, who now lives in the cottage, with the re quest that it should \>e presented to her by one of Sir, Sternberg's lady friends. The photo, was presented to Mrs. Dower on Saturday by Mrs. Lazarus." I THE way to succeed in business: Adver tise in the WESTBBK CHAMPION. SA.RA.IL GtEAKU backs the uevv wouiau against (lie old one wit h furious certainty in a lute magazine, and quoted u woman who hiked in bloomers, and hurried home lo put her baby to bed and get her husband's tea. Commenting on (his, (lie Tnrrd llerald says:-.' She seems to think that this wonder ful creature entirely clinches the argument in favour of a new woman. Hi;i uie old woman is good for more than that. A bush trouper, up Queanbevau way, called at a farm house the other day, anil found the house mother seated on a c'jair with one foot in a bucket. ' Good morning, sargint, excuse me rising. Ye fee I'm justmendin' 'is coat-and iiur.sm' the baby-and read in' the paper-and makin' a bit of butter,' and she peacefully scraped the cream off her foot with her hand between each explanation." WHAT (asks the St. James Gazette) is the most impressive; thing about London .' The collection of Jubilee visitors oilers a fine chance for the inquisitive journalist to take a plebiscite 011 the point. The question put by one writer to the Dvacks of North Borneo now quartered at Chelsea Barracks show that the railways, aud particularly the Under ground astonish them most. " They could not believe it was ever made by men-going under in (he dark, aud railways going over them. _ It iuay be the ghost who did it. Men couldn't." Then there is the orderliness of the London trallic. Another is the wonder ful way in which the London police manage the crowds. They are astonished at the obedience of the people. A policcmnu has only to hold up Ids hand anil all the people must obey, (hey say. They thiuk this won derful. Curiously enough, this was also one of the things which Mr. Bayard, lecturing in America, said iiad struck him most in London. Almost the extremes o£ " civilisation" meet in admiring the London policeman. A HEMAltKAlti.n occurrence is reported from Milliau (Aveyion). Two brothers named Peric. living at Peyrcleau, learned that in a crevasse in the 'ocks near their vil lage was a cave frequented by a large number of mure or less wild beasts, "Tiiey decided (o trap them, and devised the following cruel plan Taking to the entrance of the cre vasse a live fox which they hud captured, they soaked the poor animal in petroleum, set it 011 fire, and drove it into the beasts' den, after having constructed befoic the mouth of the crevasse a barricade sufficiently strong to check any rush that might be made by the inm.-itc-. The hitter, maddened by the terrifying spectacle of tiie burning fox, which dashed about in nil directions ill its agony made a desperate rush for the exit, fighting and tearing one another in their wild efforts to escape. I11 less time tliau it takes to tell, the stupefied hunters saw their barricade in vaded by an avuhinehe of various kinds of animals, upon which tliey threw themselves, and struck out right and'lefi with clubs and knives. At last all tlie beasis were killed though the hunters diii'iiot escape scot-free. When the dead animals were collected it was found that theie were two badgers, seven wild rabbits, three martens, eleven weasels, oue pole-eat, four foxes, live hedgehogs, nine squirrels, seventeen snakes, six owls, and fifteen bats. IT would be diflleult lo find a dairyman of any extent who does not occasionally have in his herd a cow that gives much annoyance from the habit of kicking while being milked. There are a great many pro scribed means of subduing such animals, and most milkers have found some plan that | works fairly well. Usually really vicious cows have lo submit, to fixtures "of ropes, straps, or the like, but even these can be done without if (he milker is a strong re solute fellow who has not the least fenr of his cow, and will not lose control over his temper. One plun I know (0 work well is to lie the cow's head closc and secure, so that she cannot jump forwards or backwards. Then set the pail n little way out from her, hend over and place the head very firmly against licr groin, and with the left lmn'd grasp the back near teat very firnilv com mence milking with the other hand. ' In all probability she will set up a furious and de termined opposition, but if the milker is persistent and stays at his work without a flinch she will soon lose confidence in her ability to kick herself free, and will j;ive up considerably exhausted and subdued. Two or t hree determined efforts will subduo very bad cases, rendering them ready to stand peaceably for weeks together. Occasionally a cow returns to her old vice after a time, when another trial of strength aud power of endurance will have to he gone through with, and will usually suffice. In breaking a heifer or a kicking cow rough usage is un necessary and unwise. By the plan out lined a really bad case can be milked nnd subdued iu spile of herself and the leg ropo should never be required. 