CORRESPONDENCE. WATER IN THE MALLEE. Sir,— -In writing you this letter I know I am writing oil a subject that many thous ands nre Interested in in VIctorin, viz., n way In which the farmers and settlers In the mnllec country conld to n great extent over come the very perplexing question of the nest metnou or ourniniug a water supply. I may say I nm thoroughly acquainted with tlie whole of- tlie malice nnd Wlmmora coun try, and know what suffering has '"taken place In those districts during a long period through the scarcity of. water, I 'have' been puzzling my brain to find some remedy, and It is only lately from observation here iu this land. that I have come to the con clusion that a great deal of tlie suffering that the uufortumite farmer lu tlie districts mentioned has to put up with can be lifted off his already overburdened shoulders, and by the following maimer:— First of nil, It is well known that water can he hnd in nearly every part of .tlic liinlloo.by sinking, and water— salt, I admit— having- been struck, tlie rest is easy. By tho expenditure of £10 a small condenser, enpnble of turning oiit 'from 500 to 700 gallons of pure, fresh water per 12 hours, may he erected, -nnd this can lie done with very little labor. Tho children or the wife of the farmer eouhl look after it, whilst lie could lie attending to the duties of Ills farm. He could sleep soundly, nud tlic ghosts of dams going dry nnd long trips for drought stricken animals would not trouble liini, as, with his little condenser lie would he sure of enough water for all domestic and stock purposes. Of course, where two or. three farmers Join together, tliey could fit up n condenser capable of supplying water In any quantity. If this letter should strike you as being In any way . likely to do any good to my many friends In tho waterless malice, you will oblige by publishing It, and any further Information on the subject I will 1)0 willing to supply, 'or, if necessary, for ward a drawing of a condenser that would meet the requirements of the place. Nothing else hut. condensed water Is. used here, and when yon take Into consideration the great cost of everything, you will be Bur- prised to hear It cau be sold nt a profit for lid. per gallon.— Yours. Sc.. NORSEMAN. IV est Australia, lOtli July. Will he glad to receive sketch and explan atory particulars Agricultural' Ed. "Tho Lender." 