THE GREATEST GIFT. By. A. W. MARCHMONT Author of "By Right of Sword," " A Dash for a Throne," &c.;, &c.;) [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] The greatest gift, A woman's heart; the heart of her I loved. CHAPTER XVII.—Continued. "You're not looking very fit, old man," said Dallas. "I'm not feeling very brilliant. I fancy I want a bit of a change. I'm going away in a bit, yachting." "When? and where?" asked thr other, look- ing up. "You mean am I going to stop for the—mar- riage? Oh, yes , but I mean to have a goodish spell then." "Ah, you may put off that trip for a while then." "How do you mean? Anything up? I haven't been here for some days, and haven't spoken to anyone yet I wanted to get a word with Nan, but that young Momerie's been hang- ing round her ever since I came this afternoon. Has anything—" He stopped, and looked with some eagerness into his friend's face. "No, nothing that I—know." "What do yon mean, then? You had a meaning." "You never can tell what will happen. That's all. I shouldn't fix up my arrangements too definitely, if I were you, although I hear now that the thing is to come off three weeks next Tues- day." Alan's face fell, and he looked thoughtful. Then he took out a cigarette anti lighted it before replying. "I don't quite see why you started that other idea. I—well, I suppose I'm a fool—but I'd a good mind to run over and see you on Friday, to have a chat about a rather curious thing that happened. I had a half-sneaking kind of thought that I might have heard some good news here to day." "Why?" asked Dallas, when the other man paused. "Of course I don't attach any importance to it, but the truth is"—here he gave a short laugh, as if at himself—"I had an anonymous letter on Friday—" "The devil you did!" interposed Hugh Dal- las, so emphatically that the other looked at him in surprise. "Yes, I did But why does that surprise you?" "Why, indeed?" laughed the other. "Everybody has learnt to write nowadays But what was it about?" "Well, don't be surprised if I seem to hare been ass enough to think it could mean anything. But I did, and the idea his been plaguing me so confoundedly tor two days that when you seemed to hint just now that there was a hitch, or might be one, I couldn't for the life of me help think- ing that in some wav or other the two things were going to join. I have the letter here." He flushed slightly as he took it out of his pocket and held it out to Dallas. "No envelope?" asked the latter. "I destroyed it, or lost it, or something." "That's uuwise. Often that's the only kind of signature an anonymous letter has. Well thumbed," he said, after examining it. "You've read it pretty often, Alan." "Yes," this with a nervous laugh. This was the letter: "A friend who knows your wishes sends this to tell you not to be down-hearted. The marriage won't take place. You'll hear news in a day or two." "H'm! Oracular, but not much in it. What do you think of it?" Hugh Dallas asked the question that he might have time to consider what was the best course for him to take—whether or not to speak of the letter he had received. He saw in a moment that this third letter had emanated from the same source an the others: and this confirmed his own view that there was something which would repay inquiry. But he had no wish to raise Alan's hopes only to discourage him again, and arguing that, as the latter had thought himself into a condition of comparative resignation, it would be wisest, for the present at all events, not to unsettle him. "No; it's what do you think of it?" was Alan's reply. "Frankly, I don't think much of any anony- mous letter," replied Dallas deliberately, as he folded up the letter and returned it." And in such a case as this of all others." "No, I suppose not," replied Alan, hiding his disappointment at the answer under a laugh. Then he lit another cigarette. "I told you you'd think me a fool. But I couldn't understand why anyone should want to take the trouble to write to me at all if there wasn't something at the bottom of it." "Who do you suppose did write it?" "I haven't the ghost of a notion. That's what puzzled me. There's nobody knew any thing about me and M—Miss Allingham. No- body could know." "Somebody seems to have made a very decent shot, at any rate," said Dallas. "But you'd better put the thing out of your head. At best it could only be somebody who had made a guess at your—your feelings. They could not by any means under heaven know of the real reason for this engagement—unless Miss Margery, or Miss Nan, or I wrote the letter. And yet that very reason which, nobody knows is the one insuperable difficulty which stands in the way of a rupture.o Thus there could be no cause for anyone to tell you to look out for the breaking of the engage- ment. See that?" "Yes, I ses it when you put it that way," was, the answer, spoken slowly, and after a pause. Then, with a laugh, "Well, I'll try to give up thinking anything of it. In fact, I should be an ass if I didn't. But a fellow, clutches at a straw at a time like this, and that's the truth." "You won't think me wrong to put it so plainly? But it's best to face the facts full front." "Yes, I know that; and I— But there, I may as well confess—you haven't knocked it all out of me even yet. " They both laughed at this and then some of the others came up to them. In the evening they went out together again to smoke on the terrace, and stood in a corner where a jutting window shielded them from observation. Alan Ramsay had forgotten his cigar-case, and went to fetch it, leaving his friend alone. Dallas was gaping abstractedly across the land- scape which stretched away in front of that part of the Manor House, when he heard the rustling of a silk dress, and a light footfall sounded close by him, and a hand touched his arm lightly. "I must speak to you for a moment. I've been waiting for a chance all the day. "It was Mrs. Rudyer. "I want to thank you for having done what I asked you—about Nan. I do thank you. I thought you would, when you know how it pained me. You lie as thoughtful as ever. I have been wrong. You aro not changed, Hugh," and her hand pressed his arm slightly. Despite the annoyance which he felt at Mrs. Rudyei's conduct, his sense of humour was roused by the thought that she should have mis- taken the marked avoidance of him by Nan for a desire on his part to avoid the girl in order to please Mrs. Rudyer. His inclination to laugh was so srtrong that it prevented his replying, lest she should misunderstand him still more. But he moved Ins arm away from her. '"Yes, yes, I know you are quite right," she said in answer to tins gesture. "But I am in terrible distress. Have you heard? Mr. Rudyer finds he must go back to London to-morrow, and I have to go with him. I thought I should have no chance of bidding you good-bye, and I was wretched. I dare not stay a moment now, but I felt I must tell you how much it touched me to find you ready to do what I asked, altbough, of course, you could not say what you feel. I un- derstand that. It breaks my heart to have to go away, but I shall at least have this last bright thought to cheer me." "This is preposterous," said Hugh, his in- dignation and anger rising fast. "Yes, I know all you would say. Of course, you are obliged to say it. Heaven forbid that anything else should be said while things are as they are. Hush—who's that?" Footsteps were heard on the terrace, and Mrs. Rudyer, as if in fear, pressed close to Hugh's side, as though to got out of sight. "Please do not act in this extraordinary way," he said, " you will compromise yourself and me." "H—sh, h—sh. wait till they have passed, and then I'll go." "I think you're very ridiculous, and that's all about it, Mr. Momerie," said Nan's voioe, to Hugh Dallas's infinite chagrin. "Well, Guy said it, and said you were one," came the reply in a man's voice. "Nonsense: Guy knows nothing at all about it. Guy's a boy. The only kind of flirting that is utterly abominable, and despicable, and dis- honourable, is flirting with married people," said Nan. " But I don't think you would do that." "No, hang it all, I should draw the line there," and with that the voices died away. Nan's words had been uttered in a tone which suggested strongly that they had been spoken to be overheard. Both the listeners thought this. "She must have followed me," whispered Mrs. Rudyor. "She's so sly." "You'd better go back into the house, please," said Dallas grimly, " or you may hear something from me which will not be pleasant," and he stepped out on the terrace and turned toward tho French window leading into one of the rooms. "All I will say now—all I can trust myself to say—is, that you are deluding yourself absolutely, and the sooner you understand that the better." "I understand now," she answered, smiling with provoking sweetness. "Like you, I am too full to speak. Good-bye. We must wait." And with that she went, leaving the man aghast at the persistency with which she distorted his words, and both angry and uncomfortable at what had occurred. (To be continued.) 