THE HERMIT OF TIE m CHAPTER V. . 'Hill HOME- ?OP-'T5DrriI. ' Where is the heart that has not bowed A slftvt), eternal love, to tbee P Look on the cold, the gay,. the proud — And is them one among them fre« P' — Landon. It was a dark unpleasant night — nearly a fortnight after the adventure of the burning ship. Tho privateer was still cruising about in quest or ' Britishers, ?whom tho captain ?was particularly anxious to send ' send to thun der !' as he himself elegantly expressed it.; Dui'ing this time, Fred's acquaintance with Miss Porcival hardly progressed as rapidly as Gus had prophesied it would. There was a sort of embarrassment, a coldness, a l-osorve, in her manner toward him, that offended his sensitive pride ; and their intercourse now goherally consisted of a bow, whon they met, and a formal 'good-day.' Though she spont the greater part of each day with Gug, on deck she seemed to shrink from meeting him ; and Fred, soeing i this, studiously avoided her. Yet sometimes raising his head, ho would find those soft blue eyes wandering wistfully over to where ho stood, yet always drooping bo foro his ; while her rising colour and averted head betokened emotions she would fain have concealed. Wrapped in his cloak, with his hat drawn down over his brows, Fred paced up and down tho deck in no very amicable frame of mind. It was a dense, gloomy night. Tho storm-clouds wero drifting, dark nud threaton , ing, over the leaden sky : a chill, raw wind ?was blowing, piercingly cold — sighing, dirge like, through tho rigging, while the creaking of the cordage seemed to chant back a sort of 'dismal refrain ; a thick rain was falling, making everything wot and uncomfortable. It was iudecd suicidal weather, but perfectly congenial to tho thoughts passing through tho mind of tho tall, cloaked figuro pacing so rostlo&sly; to and fro. At times, ' sounds of song and poals of laughter would como floating up from tho cabin, whore old Dr. Kirk, . Captain Harden, Gus, and Miss Porcival wero assomblod. These sounds wore to Prod's feelings like 'Vinegar upon nitre;' aud his lip curlod scornfully and bitterly whenever he passed. ?Suddenly tho mentidn of his own namo arrested his stops. Somo sooret1 power Hold him, as it woro, foroibly to tho spot to listen. ' Whoi'o's Stanley ?' inquirod Captain Harden. ' Keeping senti'y on deok, no doubt,' an swered Gus, 'according to his usual custom. I'll wagor a guinea that quick, excited tread we heard a .moment ago wob Fred ? walking up and down.' ' Maistor Stanley's a queer sort o' lad,' observed tho doctor. ' I. ne'er camo across -ano sao proud in a' my days. T'ithor day ho ?was stannin' lookiu* sao dooor and sulky, by himsol', that I didna think him woll, and I xecommondod a doso o' peells. Well, (instead o1 thankin' mo, as a body ought, ho glowored at mo a minufco, as if ho thought mo mad,' and -walked off wi' himsol1 without sayin' a word. Ileoh, sirs ! doil a more thanks I got.' -. ? Gub couldn't holp. laughing; but ho ob served : ' Oh, you must excuse him, doctor! 'Fred has some quoor notions ; but, in gonoral, he's a capital follow — bmvo as a lion, but proud as ' Iracifov.' ' What is your opinion, Miss Porcival, of tho gentloniau now under discussion;' in ' quirod Captain Hardon. ? ' Oh, -what would not Fred havo givon to hoartho roplyl MiBB Poroivul's low, musical , voico had hitherto possessed an uuspoakablo charm for him ; but now he would not have objootod had it boon as loud as the boatswain's '.so that ho might have hoard tho answer ; but, though ho strained ovory norvo to liston ho could iiot,eatoh her words. . ' 'That's just liko Edith,' observed Gus. '?'.' Hntm't 'formed an opinion,' indeed! As if ? nuy young lady could moot suoh a good look ? , ing follow as Fred without forming an opinion about'him. Ho rominds mo wonderfully of ? the old woman in the song.' And Gus drawled in a sing-song tono :— ??? Thoro w«Banold womim— nod what doyouthinkP fiho lived upon nothing but victuals and drink— .Viotuals and drink were tho wholo of hor diot— . And'yot thiii old woman oould never bo qulot.' , If Gus had soon tho fiory flash of Fred's oyo, at that momont;, ho might havo hesitated \' a littlo about tho comparison. .'?' //I.dinna soo how Maistor Stauloy'B liko ' that aiald wumman,' said tho doctor, solomnly. '?.'. ' Why, my dear doctor, it's as clear as ? mud,' said Gus. ' Frod, liko the old lady in tho rliymo, ' novor is quiot.' Iff. a -porfoot martyrdom to a serious porson liko mysolf, to bo with1 one as rostloss as an unoasy con soionco, . and as flory as one of your own '.Sootolr Douglasos.' Frod bad not -waited to hoav this explana tion ; but wrapping himsolf moro olosoly in hisoloak, rosiimod his solitary march up and flown — iho loud mirth aud laughter from tho cabin,' amid whioh at times ho could rooognizo tho silvory voice of HdiLh — giving added bittornoss to his thoughtp. Poor Frod ! Liko tho country swain in lovo, ho' folt '.' hot and dry liko, with a pain in his sido liko ;' and liko 'ovory othor young, gonlloman whon ho first falls in lovo, tornionting himsolf with a ?thousand imaginary ovils,— until, as Gus1 phrnsod it, thoro was ' no Htanding him. Upon thoir arrival in JJoston, Frod wonld havo fitarlotl immodiatoly to soo his fatlior; hut Gus, who was to acoompany Mditli homo, urged him ' to go with thorn. And Etlith ? pleaded,' too— moro with '.her oagor, bhiHhing i'aoo aud oloquont oyps, than witk words.. . ' Do, Mr. .Stanley,' she urged, laying her little white hand on his own — ' do coine ! Papa will ho .so anxious to see one who has saved hip daughter's life.' Every nerve thrilled at that magnetic touch ; but still he stood irresolute. ' Please, Mr. Stanley,' continued that low, musical voice — :to his ear the sweetest he had ever heard ; and the starry eyes were raised to the face above her. Fred looked down, to encounter those pieaaing ume eyes rained so earnestly to nis ; and — just as you would have done, my dear sir, had you been in his place — surrondored. Tho residence of Major Porcival was several miles from the city ; and after spending one night at a hotel, tho trio started next morning. The drive to Porcival Hall was always remembered by Fred among tho happiest moments of his life. Tim cold reserve which Edith had always maintained on shipboard had entirely vanished. An almost childish glee at being once more at home had taken its place, and she chatted and laughed with a freedom and vivacity that completely finished poor bred. 'A sudden turn in the road brought them, at Jenpth, i'i sight of Porcival Hull. An avenue of stately horse-chestnuts led up to the Hall itself— tin imposing looking structure of rod brick, Behind tho house was an extensive orchard, and nearer still, 'a pretty flower' garden, ? ?. \ ? ?. ? ' There's papa— thei'e's papa!' exclaimed Edith, springing up and clapping her hands; and before Fred, who had risen, could assist hor. she had leivnod out. and flew into the arms of an elderly gentleman, who came humming carelessly down the steps in front of the mansion. . While tho major with many an oxclaination gtL surpriso and delight, embraced his Hnghter, Fred scrutinized him from head to Wspt, 'in staluro ho was about middle size, stout, and squaroly built, with prominent features and high creek-bones. Thoro was an air of sternness and command about him, while the firmly-closed mouth betrayed unusual obstinacy in following his own opinions. Tho high, broad forehead and massive head dis played a lofty intellect; and thoro was a piercing keoness in the gaao of his sharp grey eyes, that gavo an obsorvor the uncomfort able sensation that ho was reading their in most thoughts. lie' now advanced toward tho yonng man, who had alightod, and holding out his hand, to Frod, said with grateful courtesy : ' My daughter tolls mo, sir, you havo saved her life. I am not in tho habit of making fine speeches, but; believe vno, sir, the heartfelt gratitude of an old man will over follow you.' Fred bowed in^silonco. ' And don't you know this young gentle man, papa?' said Edith, with an archglnnco toward Gus. 'I have not , that hon — oh?' ho added, suddenly — ' can it bo ? Bless my soul ! Gus Elliott; is this youi'self?' and tho Major seized hip hand with a grip of iron. ' Woll, sir,'1 replied Gus, with a grimace, ' if over I had any doubts on tho subject, tho aching of my fingers at present has convinced mo I am mysolf, and no mistake.' 'Woll, well, woll, exclaimed tho major, surveying him from head to foot with his shai'p eyes, 'how you havo shot up since I saw you last ! And your Gub Elliott I Woll, who'd have thought it P Edith ! Ah, she has gone, I soo. Walk up, gentlemen — walk up, Mrs. Porcival will bo delighted to soo you.' So saying, Major Poroival ran up tho stops, followed by the two young, men. Tho long hall was flanked by doors on eithor side ; and opouing ono |of thosci ho ushered tho twain I into the family sitting-room. Hero' thoy found Edith clasped in tho arms of a hand some, middle-aged lady ; whilo a young girl j stood by hor sido alternately laughing and ci'ying. ' My wife, and daughter Ellen, Mr. Stan ley,, t suppose,' ho added, smilingly, to his. ?wife, ' Edith has told you all about tho achievements of this promising young gontlo mnn. Thoro, thoro — don't ovory whelm him with thanks. I soo by his countonnnoo ho doesn't liko it ! Oomo, Noll — why don't you thank your sister's dolivoror'P' 'Mamma won't g;vo mo a chance,' re plied 'Noll — a lively, ,dark-oyed girl, with pretty, restless foaturps. ' She has monopo lized Mr. Stanley to horsolf.' 'Woll, there, I'll resigu him to yon, saucobox,' said Mrs.* Poroival, smiling, ' though I imagine Mr. Stanloy will soon tiro of your ov'orlasting ohattoring.' 'Horo- is somo one olso you have not soon yot,' said hor sistor,' glancing at Gus, who now advanced, . 'Why, can it — no, it—yes, it— why, I doclaro it's Qus I' oxolaimud Nell, as she darted forward, and' without ooromonyjflung hor arms around his neck. , ' Dear ' mo ! Ellon, that shookingly im propor conduct !' said tho highly scandalized Mrs, Poroival; ' Oh, isn't it nico I' oxelaimod Noll, as sho came dancing back, with chooks and oyos all aglow. 'Wo'll havo such good timus, now. you And 'Dith have como baolc!' *' ' Whoro is Nugent, mamma?' inquired Edith. 'Ho wont away with Ralph Do Lisle about a wook ago, my dear,' ropliod hor mothor. ' Wo expect them both homo again in a fow days.' ? . ? Tho namo soemod to aot liko h galvanic shook on Edith, who gave a ? suddon start, and flushed to tho tomplos. v 'And, oh, Edith I' oxolaimod hor yolnblo Bistor, ' you onght to sooBalph si'mo you loft him to woar tho willow. Poor follow L ho was such a , victim to ' groon and yellow molaticholy' for a wook nftor that, I couldn't bear to look at him. My ! won't hojbo glad to hoar you'vb oomo back — and so will'!, too, foi' I do' long for a woddiug droadfully.' ? ' Ellon !' flaid hor mother, roprovingly. ' Oh, woll, mammu, thoro's nobody hero that doesn't know all about' it,' said ' Iho chatter-box. ' But, doar mo I Mr. Stanloy, ain't you woll P— you look liko a ghost I',' Edith, who had boon gazing stoadfastly out of tho 'window, now turnod suddenly round ; and Frod started at seeing tho doadly palonoss of hor faoo; ? ' * ' Iliug.tho boll, Edith, for a glass of water,' said Noll. 'Why, I declare you'ro as bad yourself,' sho adddd, suddonly confronting hor. 'Just; look, mamma, how palo thoy both aro ! I'm afraid it's catching. Do T look palo?' ?. , ( And tho soriouB oxproasion of Noll, as sho glanood at hor own blooming face in tho glaHB, was truly Jfiuglmblo. ? But tho colour that had fadod from tho face of both Bpoodily roturnod. Tho oyos of Frod and Edith mot ; mid' boforo that po.na-1 trating glauoo hors foil, whilo n vivid crimson jnantlod ohook and brow. During the remainder of .the evening, tho name of J.tnlph Do Lisle was frequently men tioned by all save Edith, wllp seemed to shrink painfully from tho subject. From what he heard, Fred judged Do Lisle was a suitor for tho hiind of Edith— and what was more, a favoured one. ii uvu .uiuu rubirtsu Ml lib mglll, 1U WHS WH11 uo very pleasant feelings. Who and what was this De Lisle? He asked himself the queption repeatedly, without much hope of obtaining an answer. His resolution was to see Gus alone; and, if possible, obtain from him an explanation, without exciting sus picion as to the state of his own feelings. If, as he feared, he was indeed beloved by her, then he himself would immediately depart, and see hor no more. . The next day an opportunity occurred. Fred and Gus found themselves separated from the others, and straying arm in arm through tho garden. 'Who is this Ralph De Lisle, about whom they all appear to be so anxious ?' inquired Fred, with affected cai'elessness, unconscious mat no was rooting up tno violets witn ins cane. ' _ ?« ' . '?A_ suitor of Edith's, I believe,' z'eplied Gus, indifferently. ' Ah ! and a favoured ono, if I may judge.' ' Hum ! I should think so— they're .to bo married in a fow'we'eks.' There was no response from his companion, and Gus went on : ? ' The father of this De Lisle was a Fronob man, and fhe intimate friend of Major Per cival. 'Whon dyiag, he committed his son to lis care, with a reauest that Edith and Ralph, who had always been firm friends, should bo united, if they wore' willing, when his son attained his majority. Major Percival promised him that his request should be ful filled ; and his word with him is law unalter able, The young couplo lovo one another, it seems ; so their ' coiu'se of true love' runs smoothly onough. Edith wished to visit some friends of hers iu England before sho became Mrs. Do Lisle, and she was returning home when you roscuod her from the burning ship.' ' Better, far bettor, I hod loft hor to perish there !' was the bitter thought that passed through Fred's mind. ' De Lisle is an immense favourite with tho major,' continued Gus ; 'somo say ho appears fonder of him oven than of his own son. He is tho leader of a gang of torios, and a tory himsolf to tho coro of his heart. But hero comes Nell — breezy and airy as ever.' 'Oh, Mr. Stanley !' sho exclaimed, as she came flying up to him, ' wo aro going to havo' a sailing party to-morrow, and you must bo sure to como. So, if you have any engage ment forthat day, you must just break it at once.' ' I regrot it is impossible . for mo to com ply,' said Fred, gravely. ' I must depart to morrow.' ' Depart for whoro ?' demanded Gus, sur prised at this sudden announcement. 'To see my fathor. I should havo gone before could I have broken; tho spell that bound mo here,' and ho bowed to Nell. ' Oh, nonsense, Mr. Stanloy !' exclaimed that young lady. 'You shan't go, and that's tho end of it. Your father oat) wait a day or two vory well. Sistor, come horo, and por suade Mr. Stanley to stay. He's going away, ho says.' ' Going away !' echoed Edith, growing palo as sho spoke. 'But we positively won't allow it, until 'tor to-morrow, at least — shall wo, sistor ? Coax him liko a good -girl, whilo I have a race with Carlo — bo's pulling tho dress off my back. You're such ix good hand to persuade pooplo, you know. I romomber, whon Do Lislp used to bo loaving, how you would coax him to stay, Como, Carlo!' Again Edith sturtod at tho abrupt mention of that namo, aud tho subdued light that had filled Fred's eye as ho watched hor changing faco, gavo place to a look of cold' determina tion. Gus urged him prossiugly to remain, and Edith's oyos woro raised .pleadingly to his faoo as she .faltorod out a similar request. But their ontroatios woro in v vain. Fred declined politely but firmly, and entered the houso to announco his determination to Major Porcival and his wife. Horo, as ho oxp.octod, ho was again ovorwholmod with ontroatios to remain ; but, having roBistod thoso of Edith, lid found little difficulty in remaining firm in his determination. ' At. lonst, then, you will soon visit us again ?' . urgod Mrs. Porcival, whon sho found all hor ontroatios of no avail. To rid himsolf of thoir importunities, Fred promised ; and oarly tho noxt morning, ho was off, Tho family was all assombled on the front piazza to Bay good-by — all but,Edith. ' Whorp's Edith ?!l inquired tho major, as ho, too, missed hor. ' Sho had a bad headaoho this morning, and couldn't loavo hor room,' roplied Noll, to whom tho qucHtioii was, addressed. ' It's strange, too ! I novor know hor to havo tho headaoho boforo.' Sho glanced domuroly at, Frod,' who was shaking hands with hor father; and thoro was a world of moaning in her bright oyos. ' Woll, good-by, Miss Ellon, ho siiid, approaching her, ' until' wo moot again. Ro mombor me to your Bister.' , Ho bowed, sprang into tho carriago, and drove' off, q'uito unconscious that from hor chamber window tho oyos of Edith woro watching him until ho disappeared. (To ho continued.) 