HER ROYAL HIGHNESS. (BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON.) CHAPTER II.— A BIT OF GOSSIP AT THE. INN. Wlicn Fullca arrived at the Kalserliof, In Pres- mnrk, ho was excesslvoly wet and exceedingly bad-tempered. Tho hour was also very late. Tho lfoldabad landlord had proved Ills point, though ho might never have tho satisfaction of learning tho laet, for, Instead of reaching his destination by 10 o'clock, as ho had calculated, It had taken Lord Fulko until after 11 to r.over tho six miles of which he had spoken so lightly on starting. Ho hud lost his way, not once, but twice, and had on each occasion mado a long do- tour— tedious becauso he was soaking wot, and unable to restoro the circulation of his chilled Mood by rapid walking, as ho might havo dono had ho known tho rmid. Tho night was cold, If tho water was not, and by tho time Fulko had reached the hotel ho was glad of tho lire which smouldered In a whllo porcelain stove In tho big Speisosaal. Ho was hungry as well as wet, and, finding that food was still obtainable, ho ordered whatover could bo got, nnd sat down to dry himself In front of tho stove whllo waiting. Ills exorcise, though not as violent as he could have wished, had already partially dried his clothing, which was fortunate, as somoLliIng had gone wrong, and notwith standing numerous tips and many directions, the luggage had not boon delivered. The railway station had been closed for more than an hour, and he must make shift as best ho could until morning. ' Seldom bad tho Earl of Fulko boon moro out of conceit with himself. Ho was conscious that there was humor underlying the situation, but ho sulkily shut his eyes upon it, refusing to see It lest he should laugh, and perforce become good- natured once moro. Ilo did not want to be good- natured, for he had boen a fool, and knew it, "Flapping about there in the wator like a great porpolso," he' said to himself crossly; "and after nothing — nothing at all. It tliere'd been a woman I must have found her before I scrambled out again. What an ass! What a consummate ass!" As ho grumbled on, he gloomily watched the movements of two young Tbuugarian officers who wero playing billiards In a room divided from tho Spelsesaal only by an archway, from which a pair of heavy red curtains were partially drawn back. This was rather a primitive arrangement; but then most of the arrangements In Prcsmark wero primitive, even at tho Kalserliof, an ancient lun of tho thirteenth century, re-modelled and modernised. Tho officers, who were smart-looking young men, with bright dark eyes and flcrco waxed moustaches, wero talking In Thungarian, and though Lord Fulko bad no Intention of listening, he soon found himself both hearing and under standing what was said. They had merely been conversing about , tho game, when he came In, dlsousslng tho length of time that was left before the closing hour, of tho hotel; but, roused by the sound of tlio new comer's entrance, they bad glanced into the Spelsesaal, and thereafter had begun commenting on the' stranger. ' : "He's English," remarked ono, "or I'll' eat my head." "Calves' brains aro Indigestible, Frllz," laughed the other. "No uso wagering upon the obvious. He Is English, and somebody In particular In his. own country. -Fine- looking follow, Isn't ho?" "For your sake,- friend Karl, I pray that- He lena. Bathory may not set oyes on him while ho honors Presinark with his presence, or she will have none of you. He has the figuro of an ath lete, and the profile of a Greek statuo." "YOu're as bad as a woman. How do you know but ho can understand all you say — or per haps you would like him to hear your complimen tary remarks?" "It matters nothing to me. If- he belonged to any other nation than tho sttff-and-stnrched English, I would go ask him how he -got himself so wet." "1 will do It anyway. In Thungarian, too, nnd then you shall know If ho haB learnt your opinion of hlra." This was more, than Fulke's bad temper could withstand. He laughed aloud, and shouted across the room In excellent German: "Thank you very much for It. I do understand, and am repaid for my trouble In studying Thungarian, which, unfor tunately, I comprehend better than I speak. If . you will both help mo punish a bottle of Tokay, I'll tell you tho story of my wetting." Tho two young men sauntered In, showing their while teeth under their perky dark moustaches. This Englishman was not so stiffly starched, after all. Their game was finished; Presmark was a dull garrison, where ono day usually con tented Itself with telling another. They wel comed a diversion with an excuso for lingering; and Tokay was good, though beyond tho pay of ono not yot a major. Thoy sat down to drink, for further than that they would not share their host's supper. Thoy did not hold him to his promise at first, but talked of different things — the length of a jour ney from England to Thungarla, and tho sights to bo seen by tourists (of whom there were not many) at Presmark. "Already I know something of the walks," ejaculated Fulko grimly. "I last myself twice be tween hero and Fcldabad." "It is a wonder It was not twice again. In the dark. You are lucky to be sitting by this fire now. And — ahem! you seem In need of it. Since you havo kindly volunteered tho Information, did you fall Into tho infant Vestura?" "Tho river? No, but I jumped Into the lake." "Ah!" Tliey raised their black eyebrows. "It is oarly in the year, and late In the evening, lor a bath — even with one's clothes on." "There is a Lorelei in tho lake; but sho bad left her rock to-night," said Fulke, with a gravo face; Tho two young mon looked at each other. "What do you mean?" "What I say. Sho lured me to jump in, and I did it. Afterwards, I was sorry." There was somolhlng strange about tho offi cers' expression. "Will you not explain?" asked tho one called Fritz, "or are you joking?" i "I wish I could explain, but I am as much In tho dark as you — and soaking wet as well. I thought a faeo looked up at me out of tho water — I wasn't qulto aware that the Lorelei had mi grated from tho Rhluo to Thungarla, and foolishly, concluded that a woman was drowning—" "A woman?" Tho two wero all excitement now. "A beautiful woman; at loast, the face left a dim Impression of great beauty. I couldn't de scribe it at all." "It was she," whispered Karl Tlionet to his friend, with an air almost of awe. :"It Is I who want an explanation, now," said Fulke. - "You speak and you look as If the lake wore haunted, and I had met the ghost." Lleutonant Fritz Stolbach shrugged his shoul ders. "We may all havo met our ghosts, but few men can truthfully say thoy havo looked upon tho faeo which you havo seen to-night." "By Jove!" exclaimed Lord Fulko, "If the face was on tho body of a real woman, and she Is not drowned — " "Oh, she Is not drowned; no fear of that," Fritz Interposed, with mysterious emphasis. "Then I shall see her again." Tho two mon shook their heads. "That you will never do; wo will tako our oath of It." \- "I swear I will," insisted Fulke, with a fierce, boyish desiro to boast, and justify his boast, tor which ho despised himself, but which ho couild not resist. "I'll see her, and speak with her, too." "To do that." said Karl, "you would have to bent down such barriers as no man living ever fought against for n woman's sake, and won." (To bo continued.) 