A VISIT TO "LAMINGTON." A contemporary publishes .an interesting account or a visit which one of its staff paid recently to Mr George Marner s residence, -" Lamington," Victoria road (Vic.) Upon arrival the visitor was received by Mr Marner himself, who had many noteworthy things to say concerning himself and daughter, which the energetic press man soon turned into copy. " I thought I would lose my daugh ter, Miss Alice,' asid Mr. Marner to the reporter; " she was overgrowing herstlength. Medical men could do nothing tor her." Here Miss -Marner entered and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. ' I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very -ill after returning home from school," said she, " I did -not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobey ing this order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." VWe tried everying to induce sleep," inter posed Mr lfarner, "but it had no effect; then I consulted a well known Collins Street practitioner. He said my daugh ter was suffering principally from weak ness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning ; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." 'This time last year,' said Miss Alice, I weighed 7st 3lbs, now I am gst 7lbs.' ' A great improvement ; your treat inent must have been beneficial ?' ' No; all the medicine I got d:d me very little good. Actually, Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Plea sance's, Chapel Street, Prahan ; they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I a:n now as healthy as anyone could wish.' ' And you would recommend them ?' ' Yes; and that strongly too,' said air. Marner, ' had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would havesaved men hundred pounds.' The tonic properties of Dr Willams' Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve the brain. They are a certain cure for indigestion, ailments arising from the heat, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, anaemia, rheumatism, sleep lessness, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregulari ties, debility, sick heaaache, loss of vital forces, etc. Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, c/o Rocke, Tompsitt and Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, who will forward six boxes for 15s 3d, or one box for as 9d, post free. Beware of poisonous imitations sold at greatly lower prices thIan the genuine pills. Insist upon seeing the ftdl name Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box purchased. Imitations are dangerous. 