Australian Royal Naval Reserves. [By Quo. 0. Cbaiu, Author of ' Federal Defbncb,' Stdnbt.1 The popularisation of this naval force at home and abroad iB growing. The large increase in the number of ships of the Royal Navy to counteract the boa til u designs of foreign powers hfta naturally aroused the conseqnnot question, Have ire eoough Britidh and Anglo-Colouial eeaiuea — officers and men — to fill them up with efficient and firdt-oUas fiKhting men P The number of seamen on the Naval Estimates ia not bo large as in NoIboq's time. during trie wars of the first French Republic j but aB Ruuaia, France and Germany have a forcible way of manning any number of ships with crews, we must be in an elastic position before a declaration of war to rely upon practical and experienced erews of the highest state of modern naval die cipline, not only to man our magnificent Imperial fleets, but also to keep up the supply of man to succeed tne list oc sick, killed, and wounded, in naval action. The doubts and fears of many naval experts at home hare been alarming, yet when the matter is diligently enquired into it is not bo bad as it seemB. The supply of reliable seamen of the Nelaonic type wan elan said to be limited, as the number of foreigners in tho British Mercantile Marino was a large and dangerous por centage on the eve of war. A modern British Navy has still to rely upon the sailors of the mercantile fleet to volunteer their services if' the French battleships left Brest, and their cruisers left Cherbourg, in the night, two or three daye before war. What we want in the British Navy are trained men — disciplined crews oC^pjBuers, petty officers, engineers, Btokera, able seamen, and men of every rating, in fact, eduoated men of whom Dibden had Henry Bnssell. never sung in the refrains of Neptune, Hova, Jervia, Nuhon, and Dundoould. To ' ease off' the cost; of the British taxpayer Borne colonies have either built a warship, donated ooals for tiie warshipa on a Btntion, or voluntarily contributed a naval con tribution as their respective share of general defence But in the face of huge naval and military comiiin atioDB, Anglo-Colonial thought and race fe-liog chidlr that they oonld do somathing more than this in trie shape of creating branches or depots of the Boyal Naval Reserve in every chief port of intercolonial Australia,, as they aro doing in Canada and New Zealand. The seamen in trading ships and stenmers in the .home, costing, foreign and fishing trade under the British in 189S, were 180,366, and showing an inoraaae of about 8000 over the retnrn for 1891, but this inerenae is acoounted for in Lascars. In Bail ing shipn, British eailoiB had decreased by about 7,500 compared with 1891, whilst foreigners employed had increased by 356 In stoam veBBoIa our sailoiB had increasnd by 5,000, and foreign sui'ora by 3000, On small crafts — the steam and sail — British sailors have decreased hy 2,560, and foreigners had increased by 4,000, and Ltacara bad increased bp 5,000. Out of the Grand total of 180,366 aailora employed in tho Mercantile Matine, including yacht and private craft, 82,793 wore foreigmiru. This ia too largo a percentage, unleBB most ef them have ainoe been naturalised. Australian shipowners should study this, and give their own fellow. BritiaherB the first chanco of employment s and then help to form a reserve of Beamen to fill up war orows in the time of danger. If wo do not help the Admiralty in tlita direction we are not worthy of naval protection. iDBuranoe companies Bhould inaita it a condition of marine insuranoo that British nod native born should be employed in sea going YesselB. A lot of men in the Horns fishing are not registered in the Shipping Act of 1894, and therefore, many of the fishermen ore not iueludod in th« abova returns. The largeat number of Bailors are of 25 years of age, and the noxt largnat number are from 20 to 30 yeara of age. During the last S years a great falling off baa taken plaoa among young British a'omen, to some extent explained by .the finer advnntiigea of training, education and comfort to be derived from naval Rohoola and ships in the several portB. Foreign sailors of the age of 20-25 in tbo Mercantile! Navy only showed a slight increase. The falling off in young British suitors is seen to increase the number of foreign officers nnd petty offioera in our Mercantile Marine. The cure for this ia to cabin and feed tne a.u.'b well, or to*Yrpen- moro colleges to educate young men for in a ten, quarter-masters and even boatswains. It is a shame to out young men to eeo bo many officers of ship tramp the poop and quaiter-dcek ordering and awearing in pigeon ISnglish I Why should not tho eoloniea have train ing ships for both tho Royal and commercial naviasP Lot them be established. Herein Sydney ive have ships in reserve ruBting for tho want of crows. In 1893. 1*7 per cent, of mashers woro foreigners, B'9 were mntos, 28'9 wore petty officers, 29-9 were A.B. sailors, 9*5 were boys, 2'0 were engineers, 19''t were firnnien, 17'8 were in the engineer departments, 12'9 were steward*, and 180 per cent, were of other ratingB or dutieB. This ia too lar^o a per oontago of foreigners as mates and petty oflloora. Of the grand total (180,866) Bailors under tho British fl*g, 80,977 men were English, 22,218 wore Scotch, 12,599 wore Irish ; or a total of 115,824, wore Brinish born, whilst 4),368 wore Un certain BritiahorB, 4621 were Anglo-Colonial, 27,446 woro foroignors, 196 woro born at bbb, and 27,911 wore Asiatics or coloured. In proporfciou to the population of England and Ireland, Scotland supplies twioo tho number of aeamon. Scotland supplies the moat matep, engineers and Bailors, but tho colonies Btand high fcr tho number of A.Bp. -33'7 — and foroignerB 50'5 por cent, of A.B.1. Of this last number Sweden sends into our raeroB.ntiIe marine 5219 men, Q«rmi»ny 6107, Norway 8669, the United States 2222, Russia 1962, Danmark 1518, Holland 1070, Italy 885, and Franco 824 mon— rathor a cosmopolitan orow on the whole. British vosboIb trading in colonial and Eastern waters account for the large employ of 20,000 Lascar*. ?? Tho Royal Naval ReBOrve is rooruited almost wholly from British born mon. If. is assumod by iixnwrt.n. whn caunot oret at tho exact number of seamen available or 'unemployed' in wai time, that tho Naval Reserve can bo reoruttod from 204,000 sentnen, without resorting to oon soription like the Fronoh and Russian systems. Of this uumbor 164,960 would be Biitlsh born, 5773 colonial born, and 83,497 foreign bnrn, most of tho latter wo hope aro naturalised. Tho proportion of dally unomployod, foreign soa men will bo about tho snmo as British, In flood, the unemployed are always with us in every port — Boamun tiiking a spoil at home, or upon long leave. A largo uumbor of British aoamon are working in yachts, on rivers and in inland navigation. Thoy nre not inoludod in tho above figures. . In the Colonial Mercantile marine, I regret to etato that 10 por oonfc. nro foroignora, and in most of oftaoa run the-tnido union shown by thoir large votaa. Iu Sydiioy foreign auame?i o^joec to BOino British born Bubjooi8 -hipping in aomo veaaela. Thu Itnlinn, Grecian, nnd Levant born fiahermon Bwoll tho BOaman'a v6t«— n moat diingoroun innova- tlon. Tho Naval Koaorvo ia Btill safe for crow aupply in tho Uvont of wiir, ospooinlly from tho filling eloment at homo, Canada, and tho Channel The Colonial Dofonou Aot of 1865 mukos umplo provision for tho naval defence (if tho Colonies, losa India, which dofonoo is provided for in tho Imperial Aot of 1858, Tho Colonial Aot of 1805 provtaes ior tuo rauuuwu ui iruiauip, u-u »??.». mK , of n Voluntoor foroo forming part of tho Royal - Navnl Rogervo Aot of 18C9 for tho government of , tlio Bfttno, und itu availability for iicrvlco in tho Royal Navy in caaoB of omorgonoy. It ia(l) law ful for any colony nt ita own oxponao to provldo nnd malntniu auoh wnrohipii nubjeot to tho apptoval o( Her Mnjonty in Couioil, (2) for raising nud malntuiniug Humnon nnd ofchera on torma bound to Borve na ordorod in -wy hiioIi vobboIb, (3) tor raiflini,' nnd miuiitaining a body of nuvnl voluntot-ra on tormB and bound ta nervo on omorg'mcy in the Roy-«l Navy, and fi.r fnrtbor aorvico iu any anon vubboIh If ordeteil by tho proper logiu Utivo authority, (4) for appointing any com miBBioned, warrant nnd other ollluum to tram, command or oervo an ofllnnrn on sun or luni), on tcrmn Biibjoct to tho Quihmi'b rogulatinna from timo to time ; (fi) for obtaining from thn Admiralty buoIi namod ollloora and men for tho uaid montionod pur poDoa : ((-) for oniorolnt; good ordor nnd diuuiplino riiuongBt tho nnid forco within tho limitn of tho colony ; and (7) for malting the men nnd ufllcurH, afloat or on nhoro, in tho colony or olHowhoro nub ipotto tho rulon nnd rnguluUonn in forco for the dlu cipllno of tho Roynl Navy. Tim aot also atatoa that a Voluntoor Naval Foron, hiioIi aa Nnviil Uri giulofl, nhftll form part of tho Koy.\l Naval Knacrvt-. aa nlBO thono voluntoorn rniuud under the noli of 1850, but subject to tho proviaionu made by tho Colonial legislative authority. The Admiralty can send out aa officer of the Royal Nary volunteering for Bpecial service to any of the colonies. The Admiralty iB authorised to accept; the offer, nnd place at Her Majesty's disposal, subject to con ditions as seem fit, any vessel of war, officers nnd men provided by colonial Government, serving from time tn time. Such 'warships placed at the Adm{ralty'« dioposal Bhall be deemed to be « vessel of war, and the officers and men Berving to be officers and men of the Royal Navy, and Bball be subject to the enactments and discipline of tho Royal Navy. It ia also lawful for the Admirality to accept the' general . services of officers and volunteers of the N»vy, 'the whole or any part of the body of volunteers subject to the Aot of 1865, and such of the provisions of the Act of 1859, re relating fco the men of the Royal Naral Reserve, raisRd in the United Kingdom in active service, ihall extend and apply to the volunteers where service* ar,s so accepted. The Admiralty may, if it thinks fit, appoint a captain or higher officer of ths Royal Navy, with power to exercise any power exerciBBDle by tne Admiralty nnder tho act or 1865. The Act does, not impose any charge of tho United Kingdom without} tho sanction of Parliament to meet the same. Nothing in the Act takes away any power vested in, or exerciBable by tne legis lature or government of any colony. This in a very fair and simple Aot which was to some extent spoiled by the tinkering, ' meddliug and muddling' disposition of some narrow-minded AuHtralian statesmen when they drafted tho Navnl Auxiliary Aot of 1886, by introducing the blot of limiting the operations of wnrsihipa to Australian waters for tbe CQHstal and shipping defence of Australasia, which is dead against the rules, practice, and strategy of navnl warfare, Such useless provisions nro enough the vex the ghosts|of| Nelson, Columb, Beresford and Mahan. To establish & Naval Reserve, oven upon trade unionist pay lines (as the S. M. BeroM argues), would bn like trying to read tbo X Y Z of the subject before tbe a; priori A B C is mastered. I would not like to go into notion with men who only served for high pay, instead of for boating tho enemy. We have a little of this unpatiiotio feeling in our Regular and Militia foroes, who serve for pay and pay only Look into the attendance ut drills. Those who do not belong to tbe nuval or military Force should1 have to pay the coefc of defence, but I am prepared to say tbnt even the able-bodied taxpayers who pay the cost of war would also volunteer for service, and the ' sware 'twiia the way that their forefathers did.'' All make a personal and a national sacrifice, and all units are expected to make Belf sacrifices. Iron bark Jim haa juut bb hard and rough a lifo in tho back blocks as Jack Marlinspiko before the maaj;. I trust the biggBBt cowards and eolfish pay men in Australia will be ready in the hour of battle ' to immolate themselves on tho altar of patriotism.' Prom a late House of Commons return I notice that half of the sailors of the British Mercantile Marine leave tbe Bea avocations after th°y are 25, but it is not because younger men hnstlo them out of work. It ib because they deaire to get married, get a fishing boat, settle in great ports, the decrease of A.B.'a or sailing ships, and the increase in steamers of firemen, trim mers, engineers and othor now 'ratings.' The j differences in per centage of several rates between 1891 and 1896 are interesting t— Petty officers in '91 nero 25-3, and in '96 were 28'9 ; Bailors in '91 were 25'1, nnd in '96 were 29 9 i boys in '91 were 5'7, but in '96 were 9'5 ; firemen in '91 were 15'6, and '96 were 19'4 ; other ratings in '91 were 19' 13, and in '96 were 35*8. This shows how tho steamers nre reducing the sailor returns of tho mercantile marine, bat steamora inoreaso the number of sea faring mnn of nil olaseea, especially in classes were bard nnd rough life is not, excepting in stoking. The owner and loss rough life of a sea-faring man on board ship should draw the youth of a nation or colony to the mercantile marine. The naval reserve?, or shoremen into volunteer .naval brigades. But there is too much of the younger men bustling tho old men out of work in every profession, and a desire to atone for tbe juvenile and masters' crime by advocating old age pensionB. It is rather brutal on the part of young men to do bo,' an thoir fathors must live independent of young sons, who in the colonies have little regnrd for the welfare of parents. Old ago pensions should only bo given for wounds and suchlike received in the public service, but the Colonial Raservo men or (qualified seaman) want union pay, inBtend of 8a por day under training, an annual retainer of £6, and an annual pension of £12 whon he reaohea 60 years. Throo shillings per day for a young man is 21b per week, or with board, dre.es and lodging, it ia worth jQ2 5a per week, not oountlng the retainer nor tho pension. But the aeatnan 'only with loBser ability and experience gots £& 6b, or a retainer 2s 9d per day under training, nnd no pension, but he can nlwaya look forward to boing 'a qualified seam in.' It we add ten por oont. to this homo pay for reserve men, a Colonial Naval Reserve should become a good thing for young men fond of 'a home on tbe rolling deep,' or anxious to servo his country in buttle ' where the battle rngea loud nnd long, and tho stormy winds do blow.' In tho time of war, the post of danger iB tbe post of honour, wbinn money cannot bny, nor no servile spirit pooure. There can be no patriotism when it depends upon tha pay of combatantB, or it must be of a mercenary nature. Tbe State is patriotic when it pays for the onst of war in defence of tho State or national expansion. Tho Naval Rasorvo now consists of about 30,000 offioora and man, but tt can be mobilised up to 100,000 if nucuaeary. This number osn only be half trainod to man the now nnd numeroUB ahips requirod to blooliado the ports of Franco nnd Rusein, and keep' grey hound oruiners on overy sea to proteot tbo trade roulea and ourgoa? afloat, ' ? (To be continued,) 