Dead sr Alive! CHAPTER XXIIIl CONTINUED. (95TH, you sneer, Mr. Pole! ' You need not ; only listen " — liston dispassionately — I have been a true wife. When Leieri Benzoni mado my husband's acquaintance under a false name —when I saw them together and recognised him — it was so awful a moment that but for Heaven's mercy I should have died or gone raving mad. I remember Jt — I shall never cease to remember it. I was sitting in the verandah of our villa on Lake Como ; Ella was playing at my knees. I had . jus; placed my sleeping baby Alys in the avms of an Italian nurse, and she was covering her little face to take her away, when my husband came to me looking pleased. Wo wero leaving for Venice before making a tour ; ho had been sceuing a courier, ana he wished mo to see this courier. When I had last- seen Louis — I mean Luigi — ho had been close- shaven, as actor are. At first sight I did not recogniso in the skeleton creature with the long -beard the one man I had loved or could ever lovo ; but I saw a resomblanco which made mo kind. Think! I thought' him dead head! The second timo I saw him a fearful terror that this was his ghost or his twin-brother seized mo ; the third timo I knew him. Oh, miserable momgjihr knew hinilL-— » _ Slio loaned bnck in her chair. Mr. Pole would have offered her the succour accorded to fainting persons, but she motioned him to desist. ' Wait,' "sho said — 'wait ! I begged and intreatcd him to spare me, to go whenco ho came, and to leave mo alono with mydespair; but he prayed so hard to bo near me as my husband's servant that I gave way. Did I not feel what ho was iu goodness, in honour ? Oh, Mr. Pole, hear mo — hear mo I Ho promised mo so much if I would only lot him bo near me— poor, poor fellqiv 1 I let it go. I' was dreadfully ill of a fever, produced I knew, by awful misery ; it was at Venice. I thought, in my fever that it was my Louis who married me, I think Sir Lionel must have gath ered some notions of tho truth from my melancholy sayings — ' ' Stay, Lady Gauntlett !' inter posed Roy Pole. ' Why in Hea ven's name, did you conceal your story from your husband? Do you not know that people exist who spenk the truth ? Why did you not tell him all ? To me a marriage under falso preteuces is no mnrriage at all ! That was your first sin — your first step on tho ladder of wretched falsehood !' She recoiled ; then she held out her hand to him as a child — as her own child his Alys, — might lmvo done. 1 1 do not ask your pity,' she gusped ; 4 only— no human crea ture can know another human creaturo's life — do net judgo me ! wuiy i/nu can uo mui : ' If ever there was a tormenting turmoil in man's mind, it was that which shook Roy Polo's mental balance at that moment. A guilty woman this beautiful appealing being was without a doubt ; yet she clung to him ! Oh, Heaven, ho seemed N to seo Alys in her position — Alys loving him, torn from him ! No ; he could not imagine his darling consenting to bo tho wife of au- other, even if, ho. himself were dead; but still the .all-powerful " tio of possionato lovo which bound him to his promised wifo strained his heart. Ho wavered ; stern justice on ono balance, mercy en on tho other, and mercy weighed down the scale. Lady Gauntlett was saved. . Maternal lovo had caused her .to sin ; ouo of tho children for whom she sinned was the cause of her punishment being relegated from ti hnimui eourt to a Divine. Sho was not to bo delivered iuto tlio hands of men, tint to bo left to tho mercy of Heaven. Roy Polo himself broken down, miserable," degraded iu his own estimation " — by what ho still believed to bo his weakness, told her this. IIo spoke ooldly, sovcrcly, with an attempt at respect which pioro- cd the heart of the humiliated woman. Ho placed ' her position before her as judically as if he had been a judge summing up her ease before demanding a ver dict from the jury ; but towards the end of his speeoh anger-" just anger— spurred him to per sonal bitterness. .'I wish— Heaven knows I wish,' he cried ' passionately — ' to bo as merciful to you as he who knew your weakness and tempta tions would bo ; but there seemB to me to be no redeemi jg feature in your conduct. You say it was your love for your children which caused you to to hide their honoured father's death and treat his remains as you would have hesitated to treat to the tho carcass of a dog — -which induced you to make common caused cause with a man who may have been this or that or the other in the past, but who had been masquerading and chea ting your husband with your oonsont for years— you call that love ? — which led you to degrade your innocent daughters by per mitting a man who had been your former lover to take you in his arms while your husband's dead body was ctiBt aside in a collar — pah ! Save mo from contact with such a oreature as you 1 1 would sooner die by the hands of the common hangman in the prcsonco of a hooting crowd than share your lovo ! Understand,' ho his sed — for the first timo in his life passion had overcome him— ho was half mad with rage — 4 all I can do for you is: wtjpfc ,you did with yojubtretauds corpse — hide yoiF— put you away ; but never, never will you beany thing to the respectablo world .again. Go, you and your beautiful lover ! But go in shame, sink your de graded identies, and rememberer that you are as dead as — ay, more dead to me and to mine than if tho grass had grown over your graves since Alys was horn ! Oh if that could he ! Oh, if my darling could be saved ! Her mother!' At that concluding taunt the unhappy woman rose slowly. She faced Roy Pole, and the sight of her brought him back to his senses. Sho stood, her white face dis figured by ghastly grey patches. Her lips were bluish and contract ing, showing her teeth ; ber oyes were like amethysts, the pupils so shrunk as to be mere specks ; her oyebrows were raised as if in astonishment ; so that, instead of her whole countenance being ex pressive of grief or even resent ment, it seemed fixed in a hideous sardonic grin. As sho made a violent effort to oloso her mouth, to moisten her lips that she might speak, sho clenched her fists. All traces of her former grace had disappeared. ' You are right,' she panted — 'right! I will go; you are juvt, good — you will take caro of your wife — your sister.' This was her way of alluding to her children. She staggered towards the door, struggling for breath. Still without a shadow of sympathy, Roy Polo followed and placed her in a chair. Ho rang for tho nitltvi j U11U UlUblbU nUIUU UlUlil&jr; and iced water. Then he left her coolly looking her in, and, find ing North, asked for Lady Gaunt- lett's bonnet and shawl. North gazed at him, frightened. He, like Lady Gauntlett, looked as one who had faced some awful sight. She fetched her mistress's bonnet and shawl — her trembling fingers could scarcoiy detach the cloak from its hook in tho armoire — and was hurrying towards tho sitting-room, when Mr. Pole coolly took tho things from her hands, saying— 4 Thanks. ' North started, and, retreating, into Lady Gauntlctt's bed-cham ber, terrified herself to such an extent with fears and surmises — good and simple-minded as the woman was, sho had lately folt much as if in a nightmare — that when Ella came in to fotoh a book that sho knew was in hor mother's room, sho found tho old nurse in a faint on tho floor. Roy Polo wont into tho sitting room, placed tho articles uptin the table, and, saying, ' Have the goodness to bo ready in five min utes,' went away, once raoro look ing tho door after him. Lady Gnuntlett'vose. Nomhio would have recognised the beau- tiful Alys Whitcombc in the hag gard, gray-haired, daft-lookiug creature, whoso jerky fingers re fused to button her travelling- cloak, who looked as littlo suited to her fashiouable black laco bon net as a statuo of Medusa to a coquettish hat of tho present timo. 8he went mechanioally to to tho mirror to adjust her bonnet and at the sight of the reflection of her own faoe she started back with a groan. " Roy polo found her standing leaning agaiiist tho wall, her eyes fixed upon the floor!; He glanced sharply at her and offered her his arm, which sho accepted. Si lently ho escorted her below. A voiture de remiso — not one of the private carriages belonging to the hotel— was waiting at tho door. There was an unusual bustlo of visitors arriving with their luggage, for a vessel had just come into harbour, nn impor tant. passenger- ship. It the hurry Lady Gauntlett passed out of tho hall unnotiooi. Mr. Polo gave a direction to tho driver, and took his place by Lady Gauntlet's side. As they drovo along, sho said — 4 Where are wo going ?' 'You will see,' he replied dri ly. Presently they stopped before the door of a well-known bazaar. He assisted her to alight, tlibn conducted her through the arcade and out iuto the street again. ' L require Signor. Benzoni's address,' ho said, imperiously, i Hotel d' Italie,' sho,raurmur- ed. The clouds were heavy. A few large drops had fallen upon the broad pavement. Mr. Pole hailed a fiacre, in which they drove to the Hotel d'ltalio, a mo dest but respectable house not far from tho cafe chantant where he overheard tho conversation bo- tweeu Lady Gauntlett and Lu dovico. During the drive Roy Polo leaned back with folded arms. Not a word did either of them speak. Arrived at tho hotel ho inquir ed for Siguor Benzoni, Ludovico was evidently resuming his own rightful name. No difficulty was mado. A dapper little Italian waiter with a veiy while apron and very ourly "black hair ran up stairs before them and ushered them into n private sitting-room. 4 Shall I eay ?' he asked inter rogatively of Mr. Polo. Roy Pole tore a loaf out of his pooket-hook uud handed it to his miserable companion; then ho detaohed a tiny gold pencil- ca3e from his. watch chain and offered it to her She understood, and wroto — 4 I have come to you. — A.' She gave him the slip of paper, which,- after vending tho words, he folded and gave to the waiter, saying— : ' Take that to the signor.' Lady Gauntlett sat down upon the sofabetween: the windows looking quite apath'etio, almost unconscious. Mr. Pole stood ou the hearthrug, his hands thrust into his trousers' pockets, his eyes following restlessly the patternof the carpet. He was rapidly thinking of the necessary details to be gone through before he dis missed - this guilty : eouplo from the world jjthey £had jlived_£und sinned in. — CHAPTER XXIV. The door of tho room in which Roy Polo and Lady Gauntlett were waiting opened boisterously and some ono - rushed in — a tall, dark, handsome man, his fine eyes sparkling, his cheeks glowing. One quiok glance at tho lawyer, a how, and Ludovico turned toward the statue-like figure on the sofa. With an exclamation he sprang towards. Lady Gauntlett, and caught her just as he. slipped to tho ground in a dead faint. It was then that Roy Polo first satv the real Ludovico. Despis ing his double-dealing and Ma- chiavelian power of deceit as the straightforward almost mathema tical mind of a sound and clever English lawyer should, his con tempt turned into a feeling far nearer admiration than tolerance as he watched tho power of the man. Ludovico hardly noticed his presence ; he soemed to live for Lady Gauntlett alone. He removed her 'bonnet, placed a cushion under her head, chafed her hnds, blew gently upon her forehead ; then; as if suddenly remenfbering the presence of a third person, he said — 4 Will you please ring .? All is Bafe here.' And, when a: knock came at the door, he answered it, giving rapid orders in Italian ; -then he returned quickly, "and, kneeling down by Lady Gaixntlett's pros trate form, occupied himself with her as if no ono else existed in wie wuuu uui> luuuiueiveo. In a few minutes: the fainting woman rallied. . First she gave a long sobbing sigh, — then slowly sho raised her eyelids. Her largo eyes looked blue and filmy fixed in a vacant stare ; but, as cou-j soiousness returned, she knit her; brows and struggled to rise. 'No, no I' said Ludovico, speak ing rapidly and caressingly to her in Italian, beforo he turned towards Roy Pole, 'Would you leave us, sir?' ho asked. ' Cortainly not !' Mr. Polo spoke sternly ; ho . said ho had brought Signor Benzoni his vio- tim. 'I speak advisedly,' he en ded by saying, afterbe had curtly stated tho position of affairs. ' Not only was your lato master your victim- — Satan himself knows to what extent better than I shall ever know— but this' unfortunate lady is ruined by you ! You have poisoned her life since the evil day sho first met you I It would have been better had you killed her outright ; then you would havo swung for it. But you knew better than to do that — far bettor 1 You have degraded a pure, respected lady by making her first your accomplice, now your shield. : Your utter villainy has even touched me. I have to save her— and, in saving her, I save you.' He strodo up and down the room, hardly knowing what he did. Benzoni appeared absolutely indifferent to his speech, seeming quite absorbed in arranging the stiff unoomfortablo couch so that Lady Gauntlett could rest a while. Then followed a stormy scene. Ludovico declared his intention of going to England and giving himself up as the sole perpetra tor of the fraud. 'Sir,' he said determinedly, ' as I once told Lord Conway, also yourself, I had a great res pect for Sir Lionel— a great grati tude also. Not one hair of his head would have boon hurt by me. Listen. This dear lady and I were onoo engaged. Her par ents separated us. That grief was so fearful to me, I lost my voice. Then I thought, as_death would not come, and I dared not touch my life, I would die to the world and live only for. Heaven. I took my little brother — all olso of my family were dead — I went to the monks, tho Eranoisoans, and told them my story. This was at Nizza. They took him in, and took him also.' 4 What does all that matter to roe T said Roy Polo bitterly. 4 1 have other questions to ask — other matters to sottle— and those quickly.' (To be continued.) 