9 THE BIBLE. ' Xusttalian NaMve (Cape Brldgewater) writes — My'xriticism of "Cordelia's'.' riews lias drawn forth from her a lengthy epistle, in which she gives me a number of -questions to answer Shn is of the opinion "that I make a mistake when I say that, admitting the fallibility, of the Bible she logically should give up faith and go to atheism; and in support of her view, she says that we do not treat any other book in such a manner. „ We do not place any other books on the same level as the Bible, and yet I will ad mit that there is -touch that is" true and useful in them, although they are fallible. "Cordelia" takes up this position with regard to the Bible and would, I believe, accept its moral teachings as her rule of life— -so would atheists. The in fallibility of the Bible can.be proved from It self. Timothy ii., 3-16 — All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doc trine, for reproof, for correction, for instruc tion in righteousness. Also Peter ii„ 1-21— For the prophecy came not In old time by the will of man; but. holy men of . God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. See also Psalm xlx.. 7 to 8, and also Horn, xv., 4 — Christ confirms and teaches out of the scriptures which is. to my. mind, an infallible prcof of tbeir infalliiliay. Matthew Henry says : That the scripture, was given by the inspiration of God, appears by the majesty of its style from the truth, purity, and sublimity of the doctrines contained, in it; from the harmony of its several parts; from its power and cflleacv 'h® mitld® f tho multitudes that converse with it; from the accomplishment of many .prohpeetes relating to ' tilings beyond all human foresight; and from the uncontrollable miracles that were wrought in proof of its divine original, God also bearing them wit ness, both with signs aud wonders, and with -divers miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost according to His own will." '.'Cordelia" would like to know how the doctrine of infallibility Is justified in face of the fact that each of the four evangelists gives a different report of the inscription over the cross? The evangelists wrote what "they saw and heard, some giving more details than others. Luke and John tell us that. it: was written in Greek, Latin and Hebrew. The meaning of all .the evangelists is tho same! and the variation in tile form of words cannot prove the fallibility of the Bible. With re gard to the healing' of blind Bartimeus, I do not think that a mistake has been made by the "writers in the number of' men healed or in the place of healing. . It cann'ot be proved that Bartimeus recorded by Mark is one of the two men recorded by Matthew, or is identical wifh the man recorded by Luke. It is quite possible that as our Lord journeyed from Jeri cho he performed other miracles than those re corded in the Gospels. "Cordelia" cannot but admit this, and also the fact that some of the evangelists record miracles that are not mcn- . tloned by others, and also that some give more details. This b'ing true, we can Infer that there is no ' contradiction," because the evangelists may refer to different -miracles. As regards the two accounts of creation in Genesis, there is no. conflict; ' The formation of the material globe is merely stated in general terms— "In the beginning 'God created the heavens and the — earth."- There is "a "distinction to be observcP between , the words, '."created" and "made throughout the flm chapter of Genesis. Tito six days' work relates to the divine action en the surface of the earth, and the second chap ter gives us fuller details. There is con siderable variation in the reason annexed to the fourth commandment; but no contradiction. In Exodus the reason annexed is taken from the creation of the world, and in Deuteronomy it is taken from the Israelites' deliverance out of Egypt, because that was typical of our re demption by .Christ, in remembrance of wiriffi " the .Christian Sabbath was to be observed. This variation . in the' reason for. observing the coin- ma'ndment cannot destroy, the infallibility of the' Bible, but goes to prove that it is more necessary to observe the precept than the form of words. These evidences cannot take away the infallibility of .the Bible, and I shall con tinue to believe in its infallibility in the ab sence of better and more conclusive proof to the contrary. I question that passages have been inserted by later writers, and -that the history is" not quite ' reliable, or that the theology is not identical. "Cordelia" evidently does not believe. in dogmatic Christianity, it is all very well for her to say, "Love God! love your neighbor," but to make men do this they have to. be taught to do It,- and it can only be - effectually done by a system of discipline and dogma which will stimulate their love for goodness. The religion of the churches is not a sentiment, or an emotion, hut a reality, and I would like to know h'ow the teachings and precepts of the Carpenter of Nazareth could he taught to the people without the aid of tho churches.- - 