| A VISIT TO THE GOV LBVRN WEIR. (By A Visitor.) | | | u Why thus thou wildly rush and roar, Mad river, oh, mad river ? Yv' ill thou not pause and cease to pout Thy hutTying, headlong waters o'er This rocky shelf for ever? What secret trouble stirs thy breast, Why all this fret and flurry? Dost thou not know that what is best In this too restless world is rest From overwork and-worry." | The lover and admirer of nature's enhancing beauty gates with wondei and amazement on | hercjJarnis and gifts which she spreads far and wide, making this world fair and beautiful, As he looks upwards, the over-arching slry with its wondrous shifting hues and its myriads of brilliant lights twinkling in their liquid splendor strike him with unspeakable admiration. Beneath his feet lies the solid earth, and all around the invisible but strong air^ whose hceath. Cmls his chcek and U^hUy flutters the pendulous leaves, or strains the I j j ' mighty trees until they bend and break, or burst Uj>on the placid tranquil sea until whitening with foam it overleaps its rocky barriers and spreads desolation through the land. And, too, he admires the marvel of sweet sounds vibrating in tbe twilight gloom, and the marvel of delightful odore fleeting as the tephyr'i kiss, and the marvels of radiant colors, fair form, and majestic shape. Ee admires nil with that divine gift of intelligence which traces the wafted fragrance to the clustering blossom or tbe hidden flower; the floating music to the flying bird as il butties merrily to its nestlings in the thicket; the low murmur and white flash to the foaming waterfall in the chasmed rock. The faculty of admiration is one of the attributes of the intelligent mind, which enables us to contemp'ate tbe charms of nature. There is no instance of the unin' telligent mind admiring the gifts of nature. No bird pauses before the downy fairness of the peach it pecks at; no ox before the lucid beauty of the willow-fringed pool in whose coolness he stands knee- deep. The Uon is not known at any time to have forgotten a feasl because of the graceful gambols of the gazelle; nor has any gorilla (however man-like his form) been ever seen to descend from his branchy covert in order to gather wild flowers in the brake, or declare by mute eloquence of gesture bis admiration of tbe bumble and sweetly-perfumed violet by a mossy stone. The objects which they gaze upon with pleasure and lingering eyes are those which they desire to put to profitable use. But not sc with the intelligent mind whose faculty of ad' mimtion is sot dwarfed, whose imagination flutters tamely at call. He thus endowed will love at times to tear himself away from a busy world of traffic and bustle to ponder over the scattered charms of nature as she embellishes with her beauty some meandering brooklet stores np her treasured gifts in a shady nook by some romantic river. Often did I wish to spend a few hours near the rush and roar of the Goulburn weir—that place of picturesque Interest as it lies embosomed in one of the most charming spots which fringe the graceful Goulburn. I heard of its wondrous beauty, and longed with a yearning longing for the opportunity to come to see that place of all places that has its name on every lip ( I envied those who were so privileged to visit such a fairy scene, and who came away impressed with its unique beauty. The opportunity which was to afford me such a happiness came unexpectedly when I was on a visit to a few friends who live not far away from the weir. The visit was proposed and eagerly seconded, and so, with a hasty preparation, I started in company with my friends at an early hour, well provided with good things, among them tbe proverbial 11 billy." wbich makes tea as no other knows how. We drove through a charming country, wbich looked fresh and green, as it was then clothed with a young promising luxuriant harvest. Each blade of young corn sbonewith the liquid brilliancy of the diamond as the dew-drops trembled and glistened in the bright clear light of the mori - ing sun. Here and there clustering groves of eucalyptus varied the landscape, and AS the country widened the opulent abode of a farmet would rise into view, huilt in many place* upon a sand-hill, round whose base in trel- "nxuriance grew the young and healthy Cattle and sheep grased in the rich paddodts or slaked their thirst by the side of a lagoon or lake which is occasionally reached by tbe overflowing waters of tbe G ulburn. As we came nearer and nearer to our place of all interest occasional glimpses of the river could be obtained as it glided slowly and sluggishly along; now widening into minature lakes, the haunt of the heron and duck; now narrowing, now standing boldly out with its bright, clear, transparent water, whose color was heightened by the fresh green of tbe surrounding paddocks, making nil resemble a diamond set in emerald. A lew cnbdned murmur wafted on the breeze announced onr close proximity to tbe weir, which was reached after about an hour's drive. Howamply lhat drive repaid us. Before as was a ' "ge spanning the river from separated distance of some hundred feet. It iaa splendid work of scientific engineering, simple in its plan but powerful in its principle. At was built at grot cost by the Government to pen up the waters of the Goulburn for (he purpose of feeding a large artificial channel which adjoins the river and which winds away tn thetardlstance in supplying many tributaries, which in their turn water a large agricultural district, bringing grain and profit to the wealthy tamers of these fortunate areas. The bridge stands supported upon columns of granite, against which rise tiers of granite. etepa to act for a double purpose—to atrengthen jhe granite columns* and to break the lUling water as it m&hesout; through the flood-gates of the Judge.The bank dose to the midge b to a considerable distance on one tide faced with granite and on the iother with 'cement. After crossing the bridge which (pan ihe artificial channel, abonttbe juncture of the bridjp; that spans tbe river proper stand, the engineJioutein which is kept the engine which generates the electric light that flashes at night-time from a number •of limps: erected at Hated' intervals on the bridge. To get a correct view We stood in the middle of tbe long bridge. There the (cene tbat lay before ns presented two widely different aspecta. Lowingvpstrnmwe sawan almost placid river of no gigantic proportions, but ewelling with it* pride of-lolly 'ancestry. In the distance the Avenel hills rise lofty Md and nigged, standing aentind in hanghty'and proud defiance, and guarding with jealous care the- alow andfcentle liver within ita,confines. The peace that brooded over the smooth water waa .lighlhr disturbed .by. a gentle breeze which rippled Ue surface Into' .wavelets of sparkling silver that almost .irnperceptively > gained ! npon the sand. Here.and there.the dead, desolate, ghost-like gum trees rise in tbe bosom of the rim, sproding their, and; leafless iimbs -to be more melancholy, jrcflected inUe passing tide. The Military heron that slowly and majestly crossed our smth. stared with a wild aind »ad sta«,>ad wSTi word shriek flew to'its loneabme haunt intbfe crevice of the undulating bank to watch lor. hours through the ton^ long night tb icatch ' Socoe stray passing fish. The aq^ct is of calm ^ereni^.-tnonmfal and dlent. But lot&ihg; dowp stream the aoene is completely changed. Theretherearerasb and ioar,a wsld'torrent -leaping in hurried Sight over temced «bqps: •ertbes, foams and ,boils and sends cloada of spray bidding defiance in Its wrath. :; Gtiing Sown npcmihattnrbulent,rtorientitsthe river ' itn hcadlong Uircwili. theflood: .gates bf the1xidgeiGe»ghtisonei»tb>,b< foigoUen. The over aRials,yo(i',wth lts awfiil roar and dashW agalnst theftqisof ite risesfc^ ^ lileiMhepola.' illisch the^iwffietrftnilsBrm... _^ity snadstiom> IhUttB^lfc® 1255 now. aunnuring*>iaK thebr kT Ihe tuiblent vcesn on theTron-hbund dnrt nop' &llh;« like the'ijmil ,thniider; in'tbh • mmm ~ fSnOd by tempests at tbe apriointed hour/ •ism "Out on the orb-s(udded night and the eresent effulgence of Dion I Out on the far-gleaming star-dust that marks J where the angels have trod; I Out on the gem-pointed cross and the glitter* I inp pomp of Orion, Flaming in measureless azure the coronal jewels of God. The sight must be exceptionally appalling for the gloomy night adds deeper gloom, its lonesomeness and silence contrast more and silently has with left an the impression mighty rush which and slinll roar of the long rushing after river the as picturc it topples has in faded headlong from view. fury Often over the since steps. has It it is presented a scene to itself be rcmeinheied vividly to my mind with all its peerless qualities and fair}* loveliness. Having feasted our eyes on such a picturesque place, we then turned to fcaM | our appetites upon all the good things that { lay so enticing upon the grass. When thus ! satisfied we mounted our buggy and proceeded ! leisurely home, commenting upon our dny'« ' outing and all unanimous in the wish to re • peat the visit at the next earliest oppor . amity. I 