THE CHATEAU OF GOEDMTYD. By ELLIS iMARSTON, AuJth'or of "Teresa," &c.; [Published by. special, arrangement with the ' , author. All rights reserved.] ' 1 and my friend iieneage stood in front of the massive gateway ■ "fthi-eh gave en trance to Ithe .courtyard of the,,old Flemish chateau where \ he and his*, family had; taken up their abode during the past year. Heneage was an,old school dhum of mine, and after some six briefless years at the bar 'had fortunately come into the. pos session of*a comfortable income on the death of a relative, and had forthwith migrated with his wife -and children; to the. .Netherlands. In fulfilment of a long-standing promise, I had come over to spend Ohrisbmas week and as long. afterwards as 1 could spare -with fehem. • . ■ The oddness of my friend's abode had filled my mind with I know not what ideas , Of feudal grandeur, whicfi ideas sullered a considerable fall when 1 first beheld Jbhe. .place'. . .I was .driven through a large,' square garden, up to a pair of iron-bound gates and through tthem into the- court yard, paved with'uneven round stones. The chateau itself,: a plain, two-storeyed building, formed three sides of a square, the remaining; side .'being-occupied by. t'he . chapel. On one side, below the chapel, and in 'the same block of building, wa-s a goathouse-aml granary, and on the other a door.- with winding flteps led down to dens which might be cellars or dungeons, according 'bo the. will of the lord of the Chateau.. .; : , •• '< * On" three sides of the house was a moat, broad and tolerably deep, protected by a high hedge of-box ' . . . : . "you see we are not'cramped "for room," said Iieneage, as he led me from one room to another—out of 'the west' wing- into the far end of the 'east .wing. 1 had counted; six sitting-rooms, all more or less furnished,, but now my friend, throwing open a door, ushered me into an apart ment which was not only unfurnished, but dismantled and ruinous. ■- ; It was lofty and of noble proportions, and had probably been the ballroom. How the .wails were disfigured and'smoked, the ceiling black -and crumbling, and a't- one end the' flooring had rotted, while some of 'the planks 'had been removed and lay about. The fireplace, which .took up nearly the! far end of- the room, was suggestive of. unlimited 'baronial hospitality,-- and could hold a sma'll' family comfortably in its .roomy, clumsy • corners. ' "You may • as well see our mean's of punishment/'-said iieneage, unlocking the door - on-the right side of the chapel. " Me led the way down dark, djibip, wind l ing steps, past several doors, ivhich when -unbolted showed a deeper- darkness with in. An indescribable smell of mould and dampness came out, and with it a cloud of mosquitoes,, 'which buzzed hungrily about- us or clung to the slimy passage walls. "There are three of these cachettes," said Heneage; T was told they were wine cellars, but I don't; fancy putting even wine bottles into them; they would give a musty taste to the finest vintage." . A few steps lower still, and he led .me down to where the waters of the moat covered -the last step. - ■ '■ . - "Ugh!". I said with a , shudder, "the place is suggestive of something ruddier than wine. Who knows but that in times gone by some poor wretches may have been quietly put away here? The moat is handy and deep enough to cover a multi tude of sins." : "True," said' my friend, "therefore I keep, this passage docked up and the key in my own pocket," for my wife is rather nervous,-and I have never shown her this portion of our domain." We* ascended the steps, and Heneage carefully locked the door, and I was glad; once more to feel the fresh breezes of heaven blow about me. Then we went over, the garden and to the stables, which were at some little distance and were large and handsomely built. "I believe the last baron,; Vander Hof. went in for horse-dealing," said Heneage, "which accounts for the stables being so well built. He tried; to improve his declin ing fortunes in many whys, and this was the last, and it finished him. He lost every penny and went'abroad, where it is supposed he committed suicide; anyway, he has never been heard of ; and so the estate passed to a distant relative, who Is too impoverished to keep it up, and lets it when he can^his daughter lives with us and teaches'the children; a nice girl; you will see her at dinner. She is some 'fax distant connection of. my iWife, whose grandfather married a Flemish lady."- ■' Thus prepared, I was not surprised to see at table a strange face and figure. Strange then — now the dearest memory that my "heart retains'in its innermost depths. . ■ Our party consisted of Mr. and Afrsl Heneage, their two eldest children, and the fair stranger. I say fair advisedly, for never, did my eyes light on a sweeter face. I was struck by the singular fragility of her. appearance; and- wondered how she managed to , hold in check ' the riotous spirits it was her fate' to teach. I noticed that, though-she seemed to be ' on terms of friendship'with my hosts,' and certainly was treated by them with every courtesy, yet she spoke little, and her face wore a somewhat pensive, almost sad ex pression. _ Try as I might I could not keep my eyes from wandering to the counte nance of my vis-a-vis, nor my ears from j drinking in every , tone of her musical voice. And when, "after dinner,- she de-j parted into the nursery, a light and frag-1 ranee seemed to have vanished from, the room. From that hour my fate was fixed. I, a confirmed old bachelor, as my friends called me, and who had always been con tent to" admire children at a . respectful ■' distance, now made perpetual incursions' into the nursery on;_some pretext or other.. It-was Christmas Eve. All*the young sters were snugly 'tucked in bed, and Mr. and Mrs. Heneage, Clotilda, and myself, with the two! eldest children, sat round the dining-room fire roasting chesnuts and telling all the most gruesome - stories. we: could think of. .;!: ' • , ' I noticed that the governess, although, she joined in the conversation and seemed' interested in the-.various stories, looked rather pale, and nervous," and my fears were aroused that her nerves: might- suffer from some of the tales which-were suffi-. Ciehtly ghastly, eSpedally--'f|h-ose told by ■Heneage. ' V1-'--'.': ■ But my fears /were set"'at'rest when the ■''governess said in a break of-- the conversa tion,"!, too, have a curious- experience- to narrate, if -you will permit-- me."- Then in her low: voice she continued—"My great' ■uncle, the old Baron 'Vander Hof, -went ■ abroad- when I was a little* child, and. as you know his friends never learned what became of him. It was reported that he 'had committed suicide, hilt this was never. : proved, nor was theplace of his death or burial ■ever found. He left my father, his 'nearest'heir, nothing hut his title and this estate." When the -time allowed by law had, expired and he did not reappear my ■father's claims were allowed, ■ and he re moved here. It was my fifteenth birthday, and after my young guests, invited for the occasion, -had departed; I: was sitting in ^ny ■ own room - looking' over;' -the various' gifts they'had brought ine,.when suddenly, ■Without any warning; the figure of my great yncle appeared. There "he stood, in, . iris brown wig and an old court suit, which; thev wore habitually, to save .himself from buying new clothes. I was: pretty well frightened, as you'may imagine, ■ but■ he smiled at me, and I seemed to hear, the words, 'I will visit yon again—look for-me .whenyour fate is near; then he slowly fad ■edyfrom my sight. I rushed to my father's room, and told' 'him what I had seen; but, he laughed at me, and said the birthday champagne had played tricks- ' with •- my nerves. However," I \wouldnot return to .■that room, but slept with my nurse for months afterwards.; Then we went; to" England for a. time and the/house was shut up; nor did I enter it again till I came as governess to your children, my good, cousin' Louise." ' i "Ahd'.T trust you have not'had anything to alarm .you, Clotilda, since you have been with us," Mrs. Heneage said anxiously, • "Nothing," said the girl, smiling bright-: ly, "indeed I had -forgotten the apparition; until Monsieur HeneCge's, tales revived the: recollection." .'v-,- ■ ■ At midnight.we parted; but Heneage and' .1 sat talking over our cigars and whisky. • It was between 2 and 3 o'clock, when, we were started - by a ' fumbling at the door handle. Then the door opened: Wide, and we were electrified "by the ap pearance of Mademoiselle Clotilda," clad in .her white night-dress, barefooted and: with 'her long -hair,-streaming" over her shoulders.. I was about to rush forwards," when Heneage laid a detaining hand on my arm. , . V: "'Do not awake her," he whispered,- "it; might be fatal." We followed on tiptoe as she _ went unfalteringly ■through -the ropins in the west wing, then. traversed the hall, and entered the first of the rooms* in the east wing. The rooms were in utter-darkness, save for the feeble glimmer of a small bed room lamp which Heneage had- snatched up and hastily lit, but the fair sleeper, made her way safely along, avoiding every obstacle as .if she were guided, by, a sure hand. . * . . Into the ha'lf-ruined 'ballroom she led us, and paused at- length beside the cavernous hole in' the flooring, whence the rotted boards had been removed. ' She stooped down and explored the hole; first with.one I hand, and then with the other. Then she stood up and sighed. Presently she stoop ed a.gain, and again explored the dusty hole; but apparently'to no' purpose," She rose, and sighed deeply, piteously.. .: She raised her hands to 'her head :with a. be wildered gesture..': Presently, with a /melancholy shake of the head she 're traced her steps, we -following as' before/]1 She returned .as she had come, with as sured mien and footstep, went upstairs to her room, and shut the door. Heneage turned the key in the lock, then pocketed it. "No more ghostly rambles to-night, -. or' rather -this - mo-rnihg, fair lady," he said. " ; ■/ -y Then he wenit to1 his own room; but I, too ansidns am'd excited to: sleep, resolved to sit up in: the dining-room: and Hene age laughingly replenished the whisky' de canter and opened a fresh box of cigars, advising me to treat the spirits homoeo •paithically. ' • ; " . . • ■ "Like to know,, you know, Mototon, ! may prove: the true course with ghostly visitants—a pleasant night to • you, old fellow." / ■ When the door closed on my friend- I put more fuel into the stove, mixed my grog, vtook a fresh cigar, and thought over matters. During my ten years' experience as'a physiciahi T had inet with many cases of abnormal nervous development, espe cially in women and young girls, and. the more delicate the physical organisation, the greater, as a rule, was the nervous -de rangement. Clotilda was evidently'. one of those highly organised beings,: whose nerve centres,, vibrated- at ahy disturbance of their ordinary" , eveay-day, life: the! grue some stories Heneajge' had poured forth with so miich unction, and her own.' re 'jniniseemces, wliicli - -had - evidently affect ed her much-in 'the/tolling, had produced their natural' effect,' 'and.', had led ' to ' her, nocturnal;rurhble. ; ///,; .. A bright .gleam of rirhshine was steal ing in'at: the'shutters ;as;I went softly;, up stairs, pausing a moment at Mademoiselle Clotilda'! "dcor to assure myself that the fair occupantywns safely therein- Silence reigned, but at last I heard a gentle"; sigh as of one in deep and. tranquil/Bleep, : and reassured 'I went to my room, and slept until the first bell rang. I descended to the-breakfast room in re spectable time. All the usual company were there except one, and that the one I most longed to see. "What can make Clotilda so late?" said Mrs: Heneage anxiously; "with an exclama tion her husband left the room,. and I heard him going up tne stairs two at a time. - • . - . \- Presently the governess entered, pale, and; distracted. She bowed -to all present,. murmured in ^ low voice something about a happy Christmas, sat Gown, sipped -. her coffee, and fumbled with a piece of .toast. I could see that the poor girl was tho roughly . upset, . and inwardly I cursed fEEeneage for his stupidity in forgetting, as he evidently had, to unlock- her chamber door. However,' she soon brightened up, and appeared to throw off the weight that oppressed her. ' The dinner hour at the chateau "had been changed from seven to four that the juvenile Heneages; might join the party; a. couple of leaves were added to the din ner table, and we sat down, a company,of eleven, "to a truly British spread, to which all did justice. Clotilda appeared to'have thrown off her depression and was the gayest of the gay. She wore, I remember, a dress of some black gauzy material, with little silver stars,- over black silk, and had a bunch of holly berries at her neck and in her clustering hair. The evening sped . on with laughter, jest,- and toast, and it was past midnight before the party broke up: then Heneage and myself were left as before, with, our cigars and toddy, to re new youthful recollections. The events of the previous night had for the moment passed from our minds, and we were in "the midst of a roar of laughter over some tale of' past years;'when the' door softly opened, and there before ns stood Made moiselle Clotilda, precisely as she had stood the previous night, As then, she passed swiftly through the room, and out by the further door, we, of course, following. She led us- swiftly to the far ballroom, and, stopping, explored again the chasm in the rotting hoards; hut apparently without re sult.- Then she raised herself -with an ex pression 'of grief, perfectly indescribable; she shook her head from side to side and moaned piteously. Finally, she turned and went, always with the same swift, "noise less footstep, to the hall-door, ■ Here she turned the key and attempted to-draw the bolts; the lower one gave way, but the upper one was stiff and almost beyond her reach, and .although she. stood on tiptoe and strained all -her powers, to draw it it resisted her efforts. She shook her head-once more, sadly and hopelessly, and returned to her bedroom, where once more Heneage locked her in. When he returned to the dining-room my friend- looked at ine with a lengthened This is becoming serious," he said. "I hope nothing is amiss with the poor girl. What is your opinion as a medical man, Moreton?" ^ / ! "Probably- some' slight nervous derange ment," I - answered ' -lightly. "If the young lady will permit me. I will order her a course of tonics and Cold' baths which will soon put her system into pro per order." But although I affected carelessness 1 was, in truth, greatly disturbed, for I felt convinced that some unusual -cause was at work, and that my explanation by no means touched the root of the mat ter. ' • I begged HeneagC to keep the affair from his wife, and to unlock the | gover ness's door betimes in the morning. He promised faithfully' to obey my.injune tions, and - then we/ retired to" our respec tive rooms; I, at any rate, not to sleep, but to ponder long and deeply over the strange visitation that had affected the woman. I loved. ' - At breakast Clotilda appeared, as I had anticipated, pale, troubled, distraite; tbt ghost of the 'bright -girl w'ho had been the life of'the previous evenings gaiety. At my request Mrs. Heneage broached the .subject of her health, add- acquainted her with-my offers of .professional service, but was met with a gentle but-decided re fusal. . - - . 'I am .quite well," said- the; girl; "but I am. always, troubled; twice: in the -■ year; at. my birthday, and at Christmas time. I have bad dream's, that is all. It will pass, dear Mrs. Heneage; do not trouble yourself about me;' and if I look - rather pale sometimes, j I . shall , soon get'my color back again." . So-there was nothing'left for toe' to do but to wait and watch;., and I studied the object of my 'solicitude '■.■patiently and persistently during - the" day. 'Eight ap proached again,. and Heneage and I re solved to keep watch once mote. ■ - At my request the hall, door was left unlocked, and unbolted, and toy' friend: had. the keys of alb the outdoor gates and uoors in ins pockets. .- '• •• . ■ •" : . "We had better humor her to-night," I .said, "and let her lead us wheresoever she will.: Take the keys; p"i'.'t-he Outdoor premises with you, Heneage^ and X' will take a wrap to throw over her in ease she awakes." . .--V •V: The household,' wearied with two late nights, had retired to rest, somewhat-ear lier, and Heneage and I sat as before over Our cigars and -whisky. 'Midnight, had passed, and it wasoh. 'the stroke of. 1 when the sound for .which we, had- both been listening came to 1/piir;Tears. There was a fumbling at, the dpor handle, then the door opened, and the barefooted, White-clad figure appeared- • ' . The blue eyes were wide open, the face pale, set, and rigid. v . As, before, it led us, to the dismantled, ballroom .and again -stooped over the chasm -.in- the flooring.'-: The .-white-frilled arm was thrust inrup -to the shoulder,-then' withdrawn: After a pause, the other arm was inserted, 'but withdrawn after 'an 'in-, effectual search. \ Then the fair sleeper Stood up, • sighed deeply;' and shook her head despairingly!. .V : ' . - , 'After a few seconds, inspired apparently by fresh hope, she made her way to the ha.ll door, opened it, anil the next moment stood with her. bare feet on the stones of the courtyard. -II was Starting forward.'to drag: her; back; but Heneage. laid. forcible hold on me. ■ ' . ■ ' ; "Let her go," he said, "it is the less risk of-the'two." , . She led us to the door at the right of the great: gates and/paused,, and qui'ck.as thought H'eneage unlocked and opened the door. • •' V"... ■ The slim, -white figure- descended- the st'eps -thaf wound down'irards to; the moat, whose waiters we;- could now see- gleaming in the frosty moonlight.: On she went; and. still 'downward^ , down - past the two doors which Heneage had opened on our first visit / there,: still down until her-, feet splashed in the waters' of the moat. Then she paused ' and wavered, made another step forward, apparently- missed her footing, and fell -with -a splash ana a loud shriek into the dark and silent'water. In a moment I had thrown off/my coat and had. plunged .after.her, before she had time to sink I caught !h'er by one arm and drew her back to the Steps. She was quite" insensible, and,' wrapping her in the thick shawl I had bought, Heneage and I: oat ried -her. into, the house and laid : her on the dining- room , couch. I administered some brandy and ; replenished the fire, while Heneage went to rOuse up the sen sible and practical English nurse, the' mainstay of the.household. : „ • It was probably, owing -to the prompt remedies I ordered to be applied" that Clo tilda escaped with a slight feverish attack; which kept her in bed for a week and up stairs for. another,' at the expiration of which time she came down, looking rather pale and fragile to be sure, but lovelier and sweeter 'than ever. "I have to thank you, Dr. Moreton, for your kind care of mei," / she said, coming towards Vine with ; eager;' outstretched hands. ■ "I am sure you . must be very clever to 'have cured me so soon, for I really felt very ill for a few days, and T cannot think bow I got. so wet." She: put ;'her hand' to her forehead and' Ker eyes Idoked troubled, ; : We werq -alone in this drawing-room, for. Heneage; had taken -his brood' for a drive in -the waggonette. The. girl" was .standing close beside^.ine; her limpid, blue, eyes looking up to mine. V§he;,was so. neat and. so dear. What could I do but put my arms around her, and, -holding her closely to me, tell her .'that I loveu and idolised her, and that "if she would trust herself to me -no sorrow -that I could ward off should ever touch her? - ' The fair, head; sank into 'my breast, and with a little contented sigh Clotilda mur mured, "And will you really and truly love me, a poor governess?" : ' -. ; ... "Really and truly, with all my heart and soul. To. me you are the one- woman on. earth. I'bold you and-will never'let you : She looked up at , me with love shining i out- of-her dewy,-eyes-and raised her lips, for my kiss. '-'-.i....' . V: From that day Clotilda strengthened arid bloomed "into rosyJ.'Beau'ty. her former ap; i.pearance of extreme'-fragility disappeared; and though she could never S.e palledmpV. i buSt, ^he- yet showed ' promise of; good- ave-:-' •raire health and Strength, I need/riot say what 'happiness it was to roe to'make my; darling's happiness, to anticipate her, wishes,-, a/nd surfpsimd her with all loving care. .And when-:the day's duties were over, -and tbe youngriers were snugly tucked mv bed," wbait' long talks'/ we' had- of past; present, - arid;'.future, • over . the schoolroom fire^- Onlvron one; subject/ was I reserved; ' no/' -vybeedling on/tbe .part of Clotilda would induce;, me to "tell".her the events of that'night cm." Which her illness commenced; and Heneage was-equally re served. V-'';-V'. So,soon as,Ck>tilda wa_s fairly well again Henseage serilt her, his wife, and the younger boy off for a week or two to. Dunkirk whose climate is proverbially mild'. I had intended to accompany the patty, but at Heneage's. request I stayed •'Behind alt Goedenityd, promising to join them very shortly. : "Sqfry: to spoil your happiness - ever so' Bttiej <5d fellow," ■ my friend said, -.."but there is .some,,mystery here which-must be unravelled. I. have oeen ..making vcstigations and' have discovered a thing I "Ah! what is it?" "Below the two cachettes which I show ed you, and nearly concealed by the waters of the moat, which must be higher than in former days, there is a third door, the lock of which no key in my p'osses sion fits. I have had the moat partially drained so that this door is now fully ex-1 posed. I have'also sent for a carpenter; be is to be here at noon, and then we will investigate this secret den." . Although every day that\ separated me froom Clotilda was "counted as a day wasted, yet I confess to having felt con siderable curiosity as to. the result of the proposed search. At noon the carpenter, a stolid Fleming, arrived, and with him Heneage and I descended . the slippery stairs. The lower steps were covered with slime and mud, tnd there, now fully in sight, was the third and lowest of the small dungeon doors. The carpenter,' at Henieage's. orders, tried to pick -the lock, but found after working at it for' some time that the door still held fast. ■ He was then ordered to break it in, and after a few lusty strokes the rotten wood gave way, and by the light of the lan terns we held we' could peer into a noi: some den, whence issued a foul smell of damp, mould, and decay. But here was nothing visible save darkness and gloom. '"Mynheer had better come away," said the carpenter,, shuddering and crossing ■ himself; "there is .nothing good to. be found there; only bad spirits and cholera," But Heneage only ' laughed. "I have not taken all this. trouble, to be foiled at last," he said: "I am going to_ make a thorugh inspection.. Moreton, will you ex plore with me?" . I answered by entering the cavern and my friend followed me. The flooi was thick with mud; the walls were oozing with damp and slime, and all foul things that creep and crawl, in such places were hurrying off as fast as their habits per mitted, from, the light shed of* our lenterns. All around the" brick wall of this eaehette. —which was about 10 ft. square- and" many in height-^-was a wide shelf about halfway, iip, and as the light, fell oh it Heneage touched my arm and pointed to a dark mass in. one corner. It was impossi ble to tell what it Was. It might have been a eoal sack, an old carpet, a bunch of rags—anything. - - - - Yet as I looked at it a strange feeling which I had never ' experienced before 'came over me, and I drew back, from that dark and uncanny-looking mass. •' "Nervous?" said Heneage with a laugh, I and' he pressed forward with his lantern and investigated the heap. "By heaven," he muttered; then in a startled tone:—| "Morton, look there!" And turning my eyes to where he point ed-I saw'a skeleton hand and arm-hanging from the shelf—black .arid ghastly, yet there was no mistaking.them. Further investigations' revealed the I skeleton of a full-sized, man doubled up on the .shelf. : He had evidently, when in life, been clad in an old court suit/ for some of the gold 'buttons and rich gold braid still adhered',to the rotten remnants j of cloth. .' Heneage and I rolled the poor wretched; remains of humanity in a thick rug and'; consigned.them to the waters of the moat;: rind my friend read over them' the /Erigf lish burial service. The door -pf ; the ] eaehette, when examined, appeared to be possessed of a spring lock which still held fast. "The poor old beggar must have hid. here by: day, intending to get away by: night; forin'd himself fastened in and died; of starvation," said Heneage, "though; why he came back is a mystery. , That-it' is old Baron Vanden'Hof I have not the slightest doubt. You may: think"me d fool,; Moreton, hut I shall follow this up. Who knows on what strange . discoveries ■ we; may alight?" . .. . ' '■ The earperiter was, again requisitionedi and. followed us unwillingly to the- ball-! room. Mysteries were not to his taste and; he had apparently had enough of them. But my friend was determined and poor, Te'aste had to go down' on his knees and: 'commence operations. Board after ,board' came up, and still nothing was revealed: but dust, damp, and rottenness. • "A mare's nest," I muttered. "You'd better give it up, Heneage, you'll have the whole place down on us if you pursue your investigations much further," y .,. Without answering Heneage seized the: Workman's pick- and dealt a few vigorous strokes at' the crumbling wall. There was a rattle,a rush of falling bricks and mortar,; and-had my friend not jumped hastily ; aside\he might have carried .away" some, -ugly 'reminiscences of the day's work." , As welh as we could, amid falling stones arid rattling mortar, we cleared away the debris, and having, revealed a" considerable' chasm explored it by the light of our lanterns. Itfwas about three feet-wide; and so deep that the light showed but | dimly "what looked like a brass tablet^ tarnished, fed: rusted bottom. . . \ At' this juncture the carpenter struck work, declaring that he had had enough of masteries and horrors for one day, and. that in fact we might finish the job our selves. , , Remonstrance was useless, ■ so Heneagt politely told him he might go as soon as it suited him, but that ne must leave his bag of tools with us. • ; The task was a sufficiently arduous one, •. and it was not till the short winter's day had closed in upon bs that-we succeeded: in bringing our prize to the surface. - After, herculean efforts we landed on terra firma a large, square, brass, coffer, :" engraved with the arms of the Wander Hof family, and of immense weight. The key had probably gone with its owner to the bottom'of the.moat; so we were'per- . force obliged to, break - the strong 'hinges . before we could raise the lid. Then we were rewarded for all our toils. A glitter that, dazzled our; eyes met us when the heavy lid was turned back; a glitter that seemed to send flashes-.into the darkened room,7, and to play around the chest like lamtent flame. -A splendid-: display of magnificent diamonds. .■■■.. •_ "By Jupiter! the Yander- Hof diamonds -—lost so long that they, were almost dis- ■■-. believed in, and have come down to poor Clotilda 'only as a family' tradition. I suppose old Yfeder Hof buried them here before he went abroad; and, being pressed for; money, returned to possess himself - of them. And so, hiding in the,lowest cellar or prison, of whatever name you give" it, he had intended to coine here by night and carry off his treasure. This room has not been inhabited lor years, and, as you.;■■■ see, there is a door' which opens _on to a bridge over the moat, and of which vhe doubtless had the key. I. had the door fastened up, for the bridge is rotten, and . the children , would: have come to grief _ there. That is my theory, Moreton, and if you can give a better explanation or the matter, pray do so'." ■ - : ■ But -1 was deep in thought of Clotilda, and of the strange, subtle influence" that must have guided the child to the. spot. That she was ignorant of the very existence of the 'treasure r,was,certain; for she kept no secrets from me—anil now-she had been ■ guided by-some unseen ipower almost to the very spot where her own and her father's - fortunes were hid. The next day I 'took ■ < the train to Ostend, where Clotilda's father was spending his days in a second-rate r bofeddnghouse., I found a small, vivacious gentleman, dressed with the greatest pre- ;. cision in; clothes of the newest cut.- - To . him I-broke the news of his recovered for- - tune. - ; He heard-the-tidings with dignified com- .. posure, though I observed that during the recital his elegantly-plaited shirt frill heav ed tumultously, and that the hand .which held hi3 jewelled snuff-box trembled. "What you say, monsieur, does not so much surprise me, because- I have always . held the/opinion'that: these, jewels, which are of'historic fame;'could not be lost, and ' touat" some time, be restored to us, their rightful possessors'. , But I am none -the less thankful ; and - .indebted -to; you and' ; Monsieur Henage for your part'in the mat- • ; ter. My Clotilda, toy-poor child, will now be; restored to'the position which is hers . by riglit." . .. The ice being thus broken by the men tion of the beloved name, I- was not slow . - to improve the occasion,: and so worked oh the old gentleman's feelings, that with - tears in" his- eyes/he gave his eonsent'-fo -• my suit. 7 Of Clotilda's 'consent, I- had,- as already- related, fully, i possessed myself already;; and so7 continued my journey -t6/• - Dunkirk, wrapped in happy dreams whica were more than realised when I. once again held my beloved in my arms. / Is there anyone so prosaic that he must - pe' plainly told the - sequel?- -Of > course, I • married Clotilda, ana carried- her - off to • < England, where in the healthy, happy life of our country house she soon lost - the fragility of appearance which had.- so; im pressed me when I first beheld her, while, in;, the care of her boys and girls, she for gift - the sorrows of her -voutn; and I am - happy to sdy never again attempted 110c-: turnal . rambles. But to . this. - day, she has never heard the truth about the recovery of the; ,-■■ dia- - • niohds, nor of the: part she herself -play ed ; in ' the matter. She only knows' that • about the time of our marriage her father- - came into possession of'a large, sum of money which enabled him,, beside giving her a'considerable dower, to restore the / old', chateau of Goedentyd ■ - to . something fixe its original prestige,,and;.to keep open - house there. Next Week— "THE WIDOW'S CLOCK," . By Maxwell Gray. . .Edit)K--^"H-e 'told me I was- so-interesting and so beautiful;" Maud—-"And yet you will trust" yourself for life with a man whin begiips deceiving you even at the commence-; merit of his'courtship." ; ~ 