(OOKYBIGHSj A CYCLING DUELLO. BT B. SANGER. " Author of Glamoyle, H.A," *' A York Hypnotist," " John Shairp, Detective," &c;, &c.; They were two extremely pretty giris, and as conscious of the fact as any two people whose eyesight ie all right and who have per feet mirrors could be. There was never any nonsense about them, either, not when they were alone, at any rate. They had been friends from their babyhood, and had worn blue sashes and embroidered pinafores to gether. They had gone to the same school and now they were both in love with the same maa, and were attempting to keep up the old friendliness while discussing the matter. " You said, before you came to York, that you supposed you would have to choose betweea the Church and Army, and so you have," said Sylvia, the tall, dark one. " If only you had chosen the Church." Emily, the other one, was not tall, but she had auburn hair. " So I would have done," she said " if Captain Holt had been in the Church. " " H'm. I daresay," said Sylvia. " AU would have been equally well, either, Sylvia, if you had not happened to pay your visit here just now. Captain Holt and I would have been engaged in a few weeks, I'm sure." "1 cine when you invited ne," said Sylvia, indignantly. " Oh, yes, of course. I know that. It was quite an accident. Still, if yon had not happened to come and spod everything! Lie wis had taken a fancy to me I know. No one caa help seeing that. Stall he had taken a fancy to me before you came, and I'm sure, yes, morally sure that if either of us were'to go away now, then-well then. Captain Holt would remain with the o th sr one. I'm convinced that be is as much torn in two ways as we are." Emily spoke the last two sentences slowly. In fact, the two friends had arrived at this \- point in their discussions several times before, and it was upon this stage in the matter that tbs whole discussion hung. They continued it too. now, on the same side lines ss usual. " lt's all been a wretched accident, of course," said Emily, fretfully, after a pause. *' Söll-Mr. Cripps is awfully nice, Sylvia." V Then why net take him yourself ?" asked Sylvia, promptly. Emily rubbed her face uneasily in the cashions of the sofa on which she was lying. " Trade,*" she said briefly. ' " He is no moro trade for you than he is for me," said Sylvia. " And you know he has plenty of money, Emily. ** Yes, and an irreproachable character. Sylvia." ('*' Then, it most be rather nice, in some re spects, to be in the trade," said Sylvia. " You come into possession of a good many Beérets. They Bay the reason why the Mar chioness of Sandshire was BO awfully civil to Mr. Cripps at the Hunt Ball, was because .she owes him an endless bilL" \ " I daresay," said Emily, thoughtfully, r " Bot-Ironmongery, you know, Sylvia! / Fancy Beeing your name on your neighbour's } knives and scissors." J " Pah ! Everybody admires trade nowa days," said Sylvia; " and Mr. Cripps is a perfect little gentleman. No one could say otherwise." t " &nd; heaps of money." " And an uncle in Parliament." " And brother who is a mayor." There was a pause for a minute here, as il both sides had temporarily used up theil ammunition ; bat before long Emily began again. . " If only Qaptain Holt would distinct!] shew that he earea for either one or the other of ns!" \- " Which is exactly what he won't do,' said Sylvia. " As you say, I believe Captait Holt is just as undecided as we are which he cares for most, and the only thing to do h for one or the other of us to go away, unless' irritably-*' we toss np for it." At this impossible suggestion, both girli sank into silence again. They continued it ¿ silence for some time, too, one restlessly ly inp on the sofa cushions, the othe dramming the window panes. Presently Emily SUR gested that they should go for : run on their bikes, which was theil tunal 'morning occupation, bat as th ii was languidly negatived by Sylvia the silence continued again, until, some timi after, it was suddenly broken by a screan from Sylvia ' at her post by the window Emily raised her head, and was confront« by Sylvia's face, glowing and radiant am flashed with m Budde« excitement. " FT» gtfif the most brilliant idea," es claimed Sylvia. 'Til tell you how we'll settl it. We are both convinced that if one of u were to go away without explanations tha the other would be practically certain t become Mrs. Captaic Holt. Then let us rid mÊÊ^ÊmUmmmtmrmmfWf ll! Wny- not ? Let ns ou it ar, the end of a race. The one wlto»win remains here. The one who loses has to ac dertake to go away from York at once without auy explanation to Captain Holt, u coarse-and leave the field clear for th other. What do you think of it. Emily ? 1 would settle the matter without any chane nf quarrelling or ill-feeling. What do yo think ?" At first Emily was, perhaps natural]j decidedly taken aback by this novel sngge: tion of Sylvia. Perhaps Emily was a ii ttl less up-to-date than her friend. At any rat she Bat looking somewhat out of breath s first, as Sylvia continued to pour out th manifold advantages of her scheme; and i only gradually that the whole beauty of tb idea as seen by the other began to dawn o her. ** It sounds very like the tessing-up tha yon suggested a while ago," she said, doub fully, at first. ** Well; why not?" asked Sylvia, reel lesBly. " We have to decide the matt« somehow or other."-Sylvia was known as pioneer in original movements amongst he friends-" Why not put it at the end < some effort which we can both make? an both agree to give up to the one who wit without ill-feeling?" It was evident that Sylvia could see notl lng but what was splendid in her propos tion, and whether it savoured strongly of til up-to-date side of the girls' characters < which they were so proud er not, at anyratt in a few minutes Emily, too, began to s< some of the unique beauties of the idea. " We both ride something alike, don we?" she said, "BO it would be fair in that r Bpect." "Of course it would," said Sylvia '? The it settles the whole matter without chance < disagreeing. And it will be perfectly lovel to ride a real race for a real prize-and think it's fine." She went to the window to settle the que tion of the weather. Perhaps the fact ja; mentioned by Emily, that both girls' ridii abilities were about ona par, had a good de to do with their idea fer the settling of the difficulty. Or, rather, it was another aspect of that likeness-that both vere practically little more than beginners in the art of wheel ing that made them so ready to adopt this special method of putting the matter to the test. In other words, the bicycle craze was yet in its first stage of raw newness with these guis. For although it might seem strange, con sidering how abreast with the times the two were in other respects, yet they were not at all proficient as cyclists yet, which owing to the fact that both had been brought np-up to six months ago,when Emily had come to lire at York-in a remote Yorkshire Tillage, where the roads were far too hilly for cy cling. In consequence, neither of the girls had done much on the wheels until three weeks ago, when Sylvia's present disastrous visit to her friend had begun, since when both had spent the greater part of the morn ings in the saddle. And as it was this eomparatire rawness as bicyclists that led the two to look upon a bicycle race as a matter of enjoyment in it self, so it was, perhaps, the same youthful ness in the art that led them presently, when Emily's diffidence at the scheme had worn off, to choose the distance that they did for the ride. They suggested York to Malton at first ; but as Sylvia learnedly observed, that would not allow opportunités for both " pace " and " stay." Perhaps one might prove to have one and one the other; and then York to Scarboro' was suggested. Neither of the girls knew much of the road ; but many of their acquaintances had ridden it often, as they both knew. The only objection that they could see to the Scarboro' suggestion, was that the sky was a little overcast. But neither of them had ever ridden a long dis tance before. Neither had either of them had any experience in wet roads; so they decided on the Scarboro' route cheerfully. And within half an hour of the first mooting of Sylvia's original idea both girls were in the saddle. They had had an hasty and early lunch. Each girl had also a small flask of cognac in her pocket, and then they were off on their novel race, which seemed at first in danger of losing its interest as a race for a husband, in the zest with which the girls went in for it from a bicyclist's puint of view. They set off erect and smiling, each girl in her prettiest cycling costume, the flasks of cognac resting snugly in their poc kets, and the only cloud in the prospect being the very actual one that still hung in the Bky. So the race began; and the first seven or eight miles of it went off splendidly. This had been about the extent of the guis' spins hitherto ; and as they had never felt unduly fagged at the end of them they had con cluded that they could do a much longer spin if necessary. And they did not feel at all tired now, when they drew up at the first stop ping-place-Barton-in-the Willows. According to the road map this place was half-way to Malton, which is, in its turn, half-way to Scarboro*, and the girls con gratulated each other on both their pace and stay here as they dismounted to breathe. The only drawback, so far, bad been that, from the force of habit they had generally forgot to try and get in front. Each found herself turning back to call to the other or even to wait for her. But they decided to be more careful in future. Both were determined, however, and even the misfortune of a heavy shower of rain which fell from the overhanging cloud while the girls were in the Inn at Barton, did not damp their ardour. It succeeded in damping the roads, however, as, when they were in the saddle again, they discovered. Then they remembered, too, that they had not ridden I on heavy roads before, and they crumbled a good deal. But presently they settled down to remember again that they were racing. Then it waa splendidly exciting, they said. They had frequent opportunities for judging each other'B powers now.forthey passed each other every few minutes during this part of the race. The second half of the distance to Malton was naturally the most tiring, how ever, as both Baid, as they dismounted again at a little village three miles on the York side of Malton to rest for a few min utes. Each had a little of her cognac here also, putin a bottle of lemonade which they bought at the inn ; and they declared, as they got into the saddle again, that they felt quite tit for the rest of the journey. But at Mal ton tbey decided to stop and have a second lunch. Perhaps both girls were feeling a little tired by this. It was on the length of pre vious spins of theirs that they were talking, at any rate, as they sat before the fite at the hotel where they had ordered lunch. They arrived at the conclusion that the present effort waa exactly five times ac long as any previous one. Then the roads were so bad, too, they mentioned again. They had never ridden on heavy roads before, and they hoped that the man with whom they bad left their bicycles would clean them thoroughly well. But the lunch made them feel better until they got up to face their machines. And thea each was appalled to find that her stiff ness was worse for resting it awhile, yet neither of them said anything of this to the They mounted their bicycles in silence here, the only remark heine a query from Emily as they pushed off as to whether, according to the road maps, this second half of the journey were not some seven or eight miles longer than the first. And Sylvia replied that it was. It waB half-past two as they left Malton. There were twenty-five miles yet to cover, and they most try to get it in by the time darkness fell which would be about half-past four. Yet it was astonishing how soon there seemed to arrive a suspicion of dusk in the atmosphere. Another eight miles brought them to Knapton. This had taken them rather more than half an hoax te accom plish. It was a little after three when they reached here, and already there seemed to be a darkening in the East. However, it wat here that the most exciting incident of the race-so far- took place. Sylvia arrived here so much in front of Emily that she waB able to mount again and ride away as Emily drew up at the inn. It seemed as if pace were likely to win, for both had agreed in the earlier part of the day, when they had ridden sp mueh together, that Sylvia seemed to have it for pace, and Emily for stay. But a little more than two miles past Knapton, when Emily was again in the saddle, she passed Sylvia Bitting under a hedge, ber machine resting against a gate. Perhaps by this time both girls were begin ning to own themselves that they were tired. They had passed each other at Knapton, and where Sylvia was sitting under the hedge almost without a word, and Emily had said nothing to Sylvia of the fact that her hat was on one side, while Sylvia had never men that the pattern of Emily's veil had come off in fancy-trellis-work on her noBe. However, a few minutes after Emily bad passed her Sylvia dragged herself up and on to her machine again. She was strongly tempted to try walking and pushing the bike, but that would not get her on very fast. She mounted and rode on, and the next inn she rode determinedly part, hoping that Emily was inside. Yet she was very tired now. I She had never bad really aching limbs ia bei life before, and she had not expected it would be as bad as this. It was growing darker too. A Tillage clock struck the three-quarters after three, and it; would plainly be quite dark before they could ; reach Scarboro'- Sylvia dismounted to light her lamp and consult her road-map again. She hoped that she had passed Emily some- : where, and as she had several times during the past quarter of an hour ridden a dozen yards or so with her eyes shut, in reckless fashion, it was quite possible that she might have done so without knowing it. She sat under the hedge again to consult her road-map, wondering half-dreamily where ' Emily was, and quite unconscious that, not a hundred yards away, another white road-map was nickering out ghost-like in the dusk, where Emily leaned against a gate to consult it. There was still another fifteen miles to be done yet, and presently Sylvia doggedly mounted again and pushed on. She almost wished she had not ridden past the last inn now. The thought of a cup of tea with her remaining drop of cognac in it occurred to her-and possibly Emily might be as belated as she, though, as a matter of fact, the thought of riding into Scarboro' first in triumph was beginning to leok a somewhat poor affair to Sylvia now. Then another inn threw its raddy, welcom ing light out into the dusk, but a sudden fresh accession of determination here caused her to resist her former desire for tea. She asked for and had a bottle of soda-water with the remaining brandy in it, and then she pushed on again in some style, until she approached another inn not a hundred yards away. Perhaps a couple of drunken navvies at the door of this place helped Sylvia to ride past it. At any rate she did pass it- Then on again. A hill came next, and she fancied that walking and pushing the bike was easier than riding; but she believed that falling off it under the hedge would be easiest of all. It was becoming a rather dreadful affair now. She wondered sometimes where Emily was. She had had no idea that a bicycle-race of forty odd miles would be like this. It was almost quite dark too, now, and Scarboro' was probably yet twelve miles away, which seemed to Sylvia something like twelve hundred would do on an ordinary occasion. Yet she rode on for another ten minâtes, and then another blessed inn fire nickered out in the landscape. She would stay awhile here, she decided. She drew up at the door.thmk ing how these places seemed to swarm in this neighbourhood, and how like to the last one, where the drunken navvies had been, this one was, not knowing, all the time, that she had made a circuit in the darkness, and ridden back to the same place that she had passed ten minutes ago. She tumbled off her machine, and, asking in a faint voice, for a cup of tea and a private, room, she turned aside into what she supposed was indicated as the latter, and, finding a sofa and table there, ehe sat down on the former, and, laid her head on the latter, determining to posh on again very soon. Perhaps half-sn-hour, or more passed while Sylvia rested in this litle ina parlour. Apparently her order for tea had been mis understood, for no one disturbed her while she sat still, not daring to look at her watch for fear five minutes should have passed. But, although she felt hazy about some things, ehe knew that her tea had not arrived yet, because she had decided that the rattling of the tea-things when they appeared should be the signal for her to lift her head. Then perhaps she fell asleep. Perhaps the hazy thoughts about how very far away the other side of the room seemed when she thought about getting up to walk it- never to mention Scarboro', twelve miles away passed into dreams. At any rate it was quite an hour after the strange lady had been shewn into the deserted bar-parlour and for. gotten, when a strangely familiar sound sadd sn ly broke upon Sylvia's ears and caused her to raise her head with a start. Yet the sound was only that of a vety quiet ordinary man's voice, giving a still more ordinary order for hot port, at the bar just outsideSylvia's door. And the gentleman who gave the order was ahso quite ordinary-look ing a little nattily dressed man, with, how ever, a certain air of wealth and standing about his appearance and his manner of quiet composure. But Sylvia, hearing the remark, suddenly sat upright in her corner in the deserted bar room. She listened for more. The colour that had so long been absent from her face returned to it, too, as she heard farther re marks outside-a quiet " Thank you," then a general remark about the weather. Still Sylvia sat with head erect, apparently think ing. For two or three minutes she sat thus, the colour coming and going in her cheeks. Then Bhe suddenly seemed to make up her mind. She felt if her hat was straight. Then ehe coughed. At the Bound of that cough rather a prolonged one-the little gentleman outside started. Then he put down his glass, poshed open the door of the bar-room, and confronted Sylvia with a startled face. " Miss Brace ?" he exclaimed, in evident astonishment. Sylvia smiled. " How astonished you look, Mr. Cripps.' *?h<* said, in as ordinary fi voice ns ri cnr] writ was a mass of aches and braises could as sume. .* I-I have been bicycling and-er have got lost." There was more truth in the last re mari than Sylvia knew. Mr. Cripps advanced far ther into the room, still very much surprised and concerned apparently. " And you are all alone-at dark ?" ht asked. "Emily was with me," said Sylvia, hastily, " bat I believe I've lost her! Oh, please don't look BO shocked! I really couldn't help it !-and I believe I asked for some tea, but it hasn't come *' Mr. Cripps disappeared at once to inquire after the tea. Then he re turned. It appeared that he had called at this place partly on business-knives and scissors with his name on again, no doubt ; but what a trifle that appeared at present. He sat down a little nearer to Sylvia now, and when her tea appeared she persuaded him to join. Indeed, they became quite friendly over it. Bat then thoy always had been moderately friendly. And Sylvia was so bewilderingly plea sant to Mr. Cripps during tea, that it was no great wonder if he sat a little nearer still to her on the settee after tea. Fortunately he did so, but Sylvia did not quite know yet how to bring the conversation into exactly the cha noel that she wished until presently an idea occurred to her, and she said, softly: " Oh, Mr. Cripps, I have been wanting for ever so long to apologise tc you for being so rude at the tennis ball." " Rode to me?" exclaimed Mr. Cripps, amazed again. " Yes, at the tennis ball, you know." re peated Sylvia. " But I was not at the tennis ball," said Mr. Cripps. " Ah, it was the hunt ball, then!" " I was at the hunt ball, but-I don't re member your being rude to me, Miss Bruce, unless-" Neither did Sylvia; but the conversation was going more as she desired now. Mr. Cripps had come nearer still. '. You seem to have been different to me since then," she murmured. Then Mr. Cripps drew nearer Btill. Bat there still seemed to be a moment of ia de cision, of want of perfect understanding. And then Sylvia raised a pair of brilliant, feverish, audacious eyes to the young man's, and somehow, that seemed to finish it off. Mr. Cripps came nearer still; next instant he was saying something incoherent about the hunt ball, and wishing he had something to forgive, «id then Sylvia's head was on his shoulder; and then it was all finished. Five minutes or so after that, a new arrival appeared at the inn door, This was a weary, forlorn-looking girl, with a fancy trellis-work pattern on her nose.and pushing a bicycle before her. She pushed her machine into the sanded passage, and then, giving some order at the bar, she also, as luck would have it, turned aside into the quiet bar parlour. There she was met by the Bight of two people who made her exclaim ; and after Sylvia had risen with as much alacrity and grace as her aching limbs would allow, and pushed Emily into a chair, and after a few more exclamations and explanations had ensued, Sylvia said to Mr. Cripps: " Shall I tell?" " If you don't, I will," said that gentle man radiantly. So Sylvia told; and when the recital was over Emily rose-stiffly-and, forgetting congratulations, apparently; she went out of the room to countermand an order about her bicycle. Sylvia followed, and linking her arm within her friend's in the little sanded passage, she said: " Emily, I wish never, never, to hear the name of Captain Holt again. I have been doing the best I could during the last half-hour to provide for my never hearing bis name again." Emily raised a pair of haggard eyes to her friend's face. " Neither do L" she said, with emphasis. However, Emily changed her mind. Sylvia did not; and Mrs. Cripps and Mrs. Captain Holt are still the best of friends. (The End.) 