CORPSE AT A WEDDING. . The " Lender's " Vancouvor corres pondent forwards a grisly- adventure which roads liko u pieco of western newspaper fiotion, qs perhaps it' is, Miss Maud CrauBion, who resides on Kootonny Lako, in the far eastern part or nnuBu uoiumDia, sot out along with hor iutondod husband, J. A. Carson, and horrolntivos, on board tho Btoaraor Klpndiko, for Bonnor's ferry, iu tho adjoining Stato of Idaho, there to got married. As tho boat passed -the houso of tho preacher who had origin ally undertukon to perform the coro- raony, but had failod to put in an ap pearance, thoy saw tharovereud gontlo- man a prisouer on tho Toof of his sub merged residonco. The valley had ho? come flooded by the suddon rise of tho river. Tho parson was rescued and tnkou aboard. Whilst ho was chang ing his wet clothes tho steamer made a brief stop at Rioo's landing, where two fresh passengers camo aboard with.a. rough pino coffin containing the re mains of James Carter, who had beou drowned in tho river tho duy beforo. Whon tho parson camo on dook in dry clothes tho young couplo said thoy would liavo tho uinrringo take placo thoro and thon. Tho ceremony had proceeded almost to tlio point whoro tho clorgymau would declare the man and wifo whon two dogs, which began to fight, upset the flimsy pino coffin, tho fall breaking it open. One glance at tho doad man's features and tho brido gave a scream and swooned away iu tho arras of the groom. Thocorpso wa9 that of a former lovor to whom she hud been ongaged to bo married. Whon she recovered, howovor, sho docided to procoed with tbo ceremony, declaring that neither ghosts nnr corpses should prevont her from be coming Mrs Carson. As important point was raised nt tlio Croy don polico court recently. Tho defendunt was charged, as agent for tho iicenueo 6f oa hotel, with having permitted a game of nap to be played on tho premises of the hotel. Tho solicitor 'contended thnt the licenseo only was liable, thoreforo an agent could not bo pro ceeded against. Tito prosecution contended that tlio defendant being agent pending tho transfer of tho license to the liccnsco, .could bo held responsible. Tlio polico magistrate agreed with tho defendant's solicitor that tho penalty could only be enforced against a licensee, and dismissed the information. At the snmo time he pointed out that in future It would he necessary for the polico to object to applications for permission to appoint agents pending transfer of a Iiccnso. In pursuance of instructiona from London, Messrs. \V. Balohin, Limited, ngonts for Foster's " Bugle " brand of alo, yesterday (says Thursday's Sydney " Evoning News ") entered upon tho task of destroying tho contents of 0B28 bottles of ale. Tho nows of such a pro cedure on tho part of tho firm' no' doubt will bo reeeived with deep regret In. many cifeleB,, und nt tho snmo-timo be regarded as shocking waste of " good stuff." » But this in just where tho trouble ..conies (n. Tho liquor' has not arrived hero in . such a condition as tho brewers and agents would desire, it having beon discovered to bo indifferent, and if placed upon tho market would not perhaps uphold tho reputation already gained by Foster's alo. Ilowovcr, an " Evening Nbwa " reporter yesterday was invited to attond tho ''funoml" of tho many "marines." Tho presRtnnn 6tood by, and watched the perform ance with grhn silence— melancholy und stul, but " calm, dignified, nnd serene." Dottlo aftor bottle of sparkling fluid went over tbo side with appalling certainty into tho waters of Sydnoy Hurbour, nnd tho "Ncwb" man was heard to sigh as ho thought of the sub- marine " razzia " which must nssurcdly Imppon ero tho storeman at the Adelaide Bond, Miller's Point, has disposed of the contents of the 9828th bottle. Brilliant possibilities nro hero' suggested to gentlemen whoso condition during the next few weeks may bo made the subject of criticism ly irate bettor halves. " I (hio) tell yor whnrii Ish inh, m' dear— had fish lunch tcr (hio) day, and the blessed fish must or (hi«) bin caught off Milliah Point— tbosh whatsh ther matter." At all events, tho value of tho stock was £400, and tho cause of tho "indifference" is set down to climatic influence. 