CRICKET N()OTES, &. -:o:-- [Br OLD SPonT.] Tnt intercolonial cricket match between the Queensland and New South Wales representa tives will be commenced, in Sydney, to-morrow. when, I trust, "our boys" will ,:- the Corn stalks something to do te score a victory. Against such champions of the gami as Syd. Gregory, Iredale, M. A. Noble, Victnr Trumper, and J. J. Kelly (just fresh from their exploits in England) there does not, at a glance, seem a ghost of a show for our knights of the willow. In cricket, however, you can never tell how the game will go until the numbers are hoisted. With such veteran stagers as Sam Jones, M'Glinehy, Atkins, and Dr. "Bobbie" Mac donald, the Cornstalkere may have their eyes openedat our capabilities. Certain it is that each man will do his.best; and I look forward to good work being done by Male. Campbell and the brothers Carew. On the New South Wales side, there are two new men- Jansen and Bowden-who played in Ipswich a couple of seasons ago as Sydney juniors. It is the first time on record that West Moreton can boast of having three of its native-born cricketers (the Carews, Pine Mountain natives, and Male. Campbell, an Ipswiehian,) in an intercolonial cricket team. The return match with New South Wales will be played in Brisbane on the 24th (to morrow week); and, so far, the Limestone Club has arranged for the visiting team to play a two. days' match in Ipswich-after the intercolonial, of course -to be commenced on Wednesday, the 29th instant. It is also probable that the shopa will close on the first day. Some diffioulty has, however, arisen between the Q.C.A. and the Limestones anent the visitors coming to Ipe wioh; but from all I can hear it a question of £ e. d. with the Brisbane Association. For a small place, Goodna has had a "big say" in recent athletic, intercolonial shooting, and otherevents. Two ofits residents(T. Milady and W. Watkins) figured in the rifle matbches in Sydney, J. Oonohan "shone" at Rosewood, P. Carew took part in the Amateur Athletic Championship gathering, and two Goodna reps. have gone forth to uphold the honour of Queensland on the cricket-field. The following are next Saturday's fixtures under the auspices of the Fassifern and Upper Brisbane River Associations respectively: Fassifern: Harrisville v. Boonah, at Boonah; and Coochin v. Engelsburg, at Engeleburg. Upper Brisbane River: Biarra v. Coal Creek, at Coal Creek; Esk v. Deep Creek, at Es-k; Lowood, a bye. Two one-time Ipswich cricketing en thusiasts called in to see me recently znamealy, Messrs. Robert Short and John Quinn. The first-named was from Sydney, and looked very well. He was one of our active cricketers in the seventies, and was a splendid long-stop in his time; he was then a member of the Southern Orosa Club. From what he said, he intends to make Brisbane his home; he has been nearly 20 years on the staff of the "Sydney Morning Herald." Mr. J. Quinn came from Chinchilla way, and was a member of the firm of Quinn Brothers, saddlers, of Bell-street; he was a great cricketing enthusiast in the sixties. The third set of electorate cricket fixtures is set down for next Saturday, when Ipswich will meet Toowong, at Toowong; and Bundanbka will play South Brisbane (No. 1), at Goodna. In reference to the fitness of light for play, the following is the rule: " The umpires may decide, on cppeal, that there is not sufiaient light for play. Should the light improve be fore the time for drawing stumps, they shall, without waiting for instructions, call upon the players to resume the game." I take it that either of the batsmen can therefore appeal. The Walloon cricketers made a bold bid for vietory against the Forest Hill reps. on Prince of Wales's Birthday, the last-mamed c':h win ning by 2 runs and three wickets tosparu. The Foresters made 73 in eaoh of their essays, the highest scorers being F. Dyer (12) and W. Whittle (24). The Wallonites made 48 and 95, the double figure scorers being-J. Lebeter 27 and 10, Roughen 24, 3. Cronin 17 (not out), and W. Steele 12. The sculling match for the championship of Australia will take place in Melbourne, next Saturday, for which event M. Slack is looked upon as "as good as gold." Re the Mulroney disqualification, the excuse the Queensland Amateur Athletis Association now offer is that Mulroney failed to make, at the time of the formation of the Ipswich Marrier's Club, application for reinstatement as an amateur. In my opinion there was no necessity for him to do so, for, when the as sociation registered the Ipswich Harriers Club, they also accepted him. 