LUCKY BOB BOOTLE. There never had been euoh a time for poor folk, at least so said the inhabitant* of Great Ditchley, and Great Ditchley should know. I think, considering it hail been a village ever since Hampshire had been a county- Why, here was March, and Frost still lording it over the waters, and showering his white fluece upon the land ; here was flour at such a figure that the seven years' youngster could curry. «nd easily, as much as could be afforded by the whole family for a week's consumption. And yet in spite of hard frost, and hard times the male folk of Ditchley still met in solemn conclave at the Cherry Apple, not that tbe landlord of that hostel gave trust, not he, but he liberally kept the big fire burning in the common room, and there the poorest of his guests dozed from mom till night, witb the table for a mattress and their arms for bolsters, and when not asleep amused themselves by playing shove ha'penny, or the more brain-racking and en nobling game of cod lam. We, of course, do not wish our readers to suppose that the whole of the village played for beer at the Cherry Apple, as one peison at all events might take exception to euch a bold assertion. Johnny Bootle, the barber, dentist, apothecary, and sometimes schoolmaster, though the last person whom it would be supposed was not a regular frequenter of the inn, in fact, only visited the house at mid-day, and that was when he went with his little brown mug to get his half pint of ale to wash down his hot dinner of bread, cheese, and raw onions. Poor Johnny Bootle was a widower with one little boy— a village urchin, wbo was always getting into I rouble, and always as a rule getting out of it with eclat, Mb very rascalities turning in the end to his advan tage. Notably upon one occasion when he abstracted a suit from the tailor's three roomed house at Ditohley, a suit with mor tar-board hat included, and that belonged to a farmer's youngster just home from a college. Master Bob Bootle. arraying him sell in the stolen apparel, coolly walked in to the village church the following Sunday, received a new shilling from a purblind old lady, who mistook him for the parson's son, and actually secured a bran new book of common prayer from the verger, who was so struck with the little fellow's supposed, piety in attending church all alone, that, meeting him at the door, he put him iqto the pew belonging to the Squire's family, wbo, at the time being away in Ijondon, were not, of course, present in the holy pre cints of Ditchley Church. --.-» Replacing his borrowed plumes the next day, no one ever heard of Master Bob's escapade for wetks after, and then its rela tion weB a etuule joke nl the CIk ny Apple. It was the Iset day of March, ilm frost a* hard and obstinate as ever, ai/ , Dnchley as sleepy-looking, and ancient *nd forlorn as usual, when within the common rocm of the Cherry Apple there was a very unusual oommotion. Joe Rudkin, the pig driver, was there, Stiles, the hedger and ditcher, Buffkins, the village carpenter, and Joe Spoopen dyke, the smith ; nil were feated round the table in earnest conversation, shove ha'penny and coddam fur the time being was forgotten, a topic of exciiing interest was being conversed npon that caused everything else to be erased the from memory of the little coterie. Johnny Bootle had got the brokers in. The hard winter hnd put the finishing stroke to a series of misfortunes that had followud his wife's death three years before, and without a farthing in the world the J poor w dower had come to ruin at last. '' And so arter bein', father and son, more'n a hundred years in that home, Johnny and young Bob are to be turned out after all, are they ?' said the pig driver who. though a solid-headed, was a kind hearted man, ' It'll be main hard lines ; poor Johnny ! I be main sorry for 'un,'said Buffkins, the caipenter. This 'opinion being expressed by the others. By tacit consent they all left the inn, and making their way to the resi dence of Johnny Bootle, were in time to see the last article of furniture taken from the house Beer, and a few halfpence collected among his poor fellow villagers was after wards brought to poor Johnny Boatle by honest Joe Rudkin, who was then glad to hurry away from the sad and chilling scene. All gone at last ! furniture brokers, con doling neighbours, and all. And in the waning evening light the poor widower and hie youthful son sat alone upon a bench lent them by the carpenter Buffkins ' It's come at last, Bob,.and it ain't as if I was a man used to this kind o' tiling. Lord 1 our people was always well off, Bob. Your great grandfather, who wat- a sailor, made a fortune I've heard. And then liiei father, he was a cutler and kept an inu twice tbe size of the Cherry Apple, whilst my poor old dad, your grandfather, made a pile of money abroad.' ' And what did he do with it, father ? ' said Master Bob. ruefully. ' What did he do with it T why lost it, Bob.' 'How ; nad he got a hole in his pocket ?' said Bob, this time witb a grin. ' Well, I don't know about that, Bub He had a bole in bis 'upper storey,' 1 think, to go and plank down all his fortune upon the gaming table and the turf as he did.' '' Ah, yes ; I've heard all about it from poor mother. And now, what are we going to do, dad ; walk to London ? I fancy that's the only thing to be done. You can get a job there. There's as much shaving, I've been told, in London during one day, aB we've had in Ditchley for the past five hun dred years. My only .game here is call away, a living soarecrow banging the clap pers to frighten the birds ; and I can't get a job at that now because I'm froze out.' ' I'm afraid we shall have to go to Lon don, Bob, though it will be ilreadful to me to leave this cottage where I was born,' -aid the poor, forlorn widower as he drew biB hand across his eyes that, in spite of his son's jovial spirits under their misfortune, were growing suBpioiously moiBt. ' Well, dad, you know the old saying, ' What can't be cured must be endured,' After a storm a calm. Who knows? some thing may turn up. You've eduoated me, father, given me all tbe knowledge you ever had, and up in London we shall be ap preciated, perhaps. And now as they haven't pulled down the old summer-lit use built by my grandfather I'll lug away some of it, and we'll have a big fire and a supper to-night if we fast to morrow,' eaid the lad, with an attempt at a luugh. ?? Tbe old arbour that has stood many a winter's storm. Well, as we have no fuel. Bob, as you suggest, we may as well pull a portion of it down. The frost to-night is intense. How the wind howls 1 it's be ginning to snow, too, Bob. Wbat a night ! and our poor little home bare and bleak I ' 'And some poor creatures to-night would bo glad of the shelter of its four walla, dad.' ' I stand reproved. Bob. But you are young— you are young, boy, while for me— age robs me of all nerve and oourage. ' 'Oare killed a cat, dad. When things are at tbe worst, they may mend, 'Dark is Che hoar before the dawn.' They call me luckv Bob. I may earn a lot of money, as much as grandfather ever had, up in London, who knows 1 ' said the light hearted boy, as followed by Mb unfortunate, -broken spirited parent he made his way out into the garden at the back of tbe cottage. There -atjjje bottom of the large piece of ground, between two apple trees stood a summer-house, that, built of oak and beech had remained for many years, braving alike tbe storms and tempeste of summer and winter, its sides and roof still intaot, and looking in the thick dirving snowqaite comfortable that wild night. 'Better have the old seat up, .dad. Per haps we might get the landlord of the Cherry Tree to buy the arbour after »U| it's just whnt he wants fm his .rwden,' er claimed Bob, who now, pulling might and main at the seat at the back of the rumn or houre caused not only the top part to g.ve ?way but its supports also, tbe oontei)uei;ce being that he was thrown flat on his baok, a loud cry from his father musing liim, how* ever, to quickly start up to bis feet again. ' It's all right, dad, I'm not hurl. Bub what are you staring at ? Not grand father's ghost, is it ! ' ' No, Bob ; but look I see what you've done I ' Following with his eyes the direction of his father's shaking fingers. Bub now per ceived that in rending away thi seat ho had oausgd an upheaval of a portion of the floor ing, a dmk, open cavity now yawning at their feet. 'What a jolly great hole, dad.' 8»id Bob, who. stooping down and glancing into the black abyss, laughed aloud. Presently upon groping with bis hands down tbe cavity, exclaiming : 'It's not much of a hole, after all, father. Why I can almost feel the bottom of it, and, by Jove I it's bricked all round like a vault. What the deuce can it be ? But wait a minute, I'll run in and bring out the lantern, - I should like to find out what it reallyis.' Absent only for a few minutes, upon re turning with a tight. Bob found his father kneeling by the hole, hix fice white as the falling snow, and his eyes rolling and flash ing with excitement, as he exclaimed in a husky voice : ' There's a small box down there. Bob. It— it must have been there for years.' ' Hurrah, dad ! and was put there by grandfather,' cried the boy, wbo, now throwing himself upon the ground un-l making a strange sound — an odd mixture of laughing and crying— presently, with a face almost as white as his parent's, dragged up from the hole a small wooden box— a box fastened with a padlock, and clamped with iron. To break the decayed woodwork with a spade was the vork of a moment. Wildly the father and son now gazed at the sight before them. The little box split open, a shower of geld coins had rolled out forming a perfect mound. There lay the coins, tarnished and flash ing sullenly in the lantern's light, as though sulky at being disturbed from their long repose in their ilark hiding-place. The father and son recovering from their surprise, in half an hour the treasure bad been conveyed into the house, tbe bole - being filled up and the seat in the arbonr replaced. Scarce had this b-en accomplished when anHwering a loud knock at [-he door, the kind-hearted Joe Rudkin appeared upon tbe threshold laden with blankets and sheets sent by hiB good dame. Informed of what had taken pltce the pig-driver shouted uproariously, exolaim ing : ' Lucky Bob I dang it, here's a go 1 111 go round and borrow t lie miller's cob. and I'll wogrr I'll find those coves with the van They bean't been away from Cherry Tree roor'n a hour.' Joe Kudkiu did come up with the van. and before twelve that night tb* goods had been brought back again, nil Ditchley alive with the news. The next day, from a handful of tbe guineas, Johnny Bootle had paid the land lord of the Cherry Tree asuin, in return for which beer, eggs and bacon, with spirits ad lib. had to be provided for every resi dent in Ditchley, the feaec being eaten in the -big room of the inn, where the guests grew hoarse in hurraying Johnny Bootle and his son, lucky Bob. 