THE eraral1On 3uo d, PUBLISHED EYERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY M'ORNING. " It is not gFren unto mortals to command succes but we maly do moe . . . . derve it." FRIDAY, MARCH -, x899: CROWDED O-T.--Owing to the pres sure on our space at the last moment, we are compelled to hold over our leading article on the Railway Standing Committee and the New Spencer street Station, and other news items. THE NEW RAILWAY CARRIAGES.-A letter from Mr A. Harris, M.LA., which should have reached us on Mon day, came to hand next morning. This intimates that Mr Mathieson had in formed him that first and second class corridor carriages will be running on our lines next week, and others are to fol low. He also states they will be hghted with gas. We wonder why Mr Mathie son went to the expense of putting the Pintsch gas lamp on to the present carriages, if we are to have the new ones next week, for to place the machinery under each carriage and lay on pipes must cost a trifle. The new lamps illuminated for the first time the trains which run on this line on Monday night. They give a very nice light and are a vast improvement on the old oil lamp. CONFIRMATION.-His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne held a confirma tion service in St. James' Church on Wednesday evening, there being a good attendance. There were nine ladies, who were dressed in white, and one gentleman. The ladies were Misses G. Serjeant, E. and T. Olive, Sunderman, M'Gowan, M. and C. Moller, F. Du Ve and Robinson; the gentleman was Mr Binns. Prior to the laying on of hands the Bishop delivered a solemn address to those about to be confirmed, and said the question might be asked by some " What was the good of being confirmed," but those who propounded such a questior were not brought up in the church of England. There were four things, and the first was that it allowed those who were about to con firm to the rite, to receive religious instruction on the Lord's prayer and the ten commandments; secondly, it gave them an opportunity of making a public confession ; thirdly, it was the gate to the communion table, as no one could be admitted to that ordinance without being confirmed, or having a desire to be ; and fourth, which was the most important of all, it imparted the gift of the Holy Ghost. Some thought that to stand up and say "I do" was the main thing, but it was useless. The only power to do right was that supplied by the Holy Ghost, and it was given at the ordinance of confirmation and the laying on of hands. After the ceremony, the Bishop again delivered an address, taking the Virgin Mary as a symbol. Ist she declared herself as the '" Handmaid of the Lord" which was a beautiful ex pression; secondly, she kept all the sayings of the wise men and pondered them in her heart ; and at the feast, when the wine was short, she directed the apostles-" Whatsoever he saith unto you do it." From these the Bishop deduced some valuable lessons, but space forbids ourgiving the address. Several hymns were sung by the choir during the service. GEELONG WrOOL 'MARKET.-It will be seen on reference to onr advertising columns, that in order to simplify the scale of charges hitherto existing, a consolidated charge for receiving, re pressing, fire insurance, etc., has been made. The scale has been reduced, and the Geelong wool marhet is the cheapest in the colony, and has every facility for shipping. Sales are held every Friday throughout the season. OBITUARY.-The death of W. P. Macgregor which took place at his residence, Albert Street, East Mel bourne on Friday last, has removed from our midst one of the best and most favourable known mining inves tors in the colony. Mr Macgregor was one of the pioneers of the Great Broken Hill silver mines, and the success into which the great mines has developed are greatly due to the ability of Mr. Macgregor. He was also the means of opening up many of the gold mines in Western Australia, and took a large interest in all mining matters in Vic toria. He was largely interested in the dredging operations at Rutherglen and Alexandria, from which places he only returned a few days before his death. Mr Macgregor was also largely interes ted in pastural properties, being the owner of Worroweena and Burta stations in New South Wales, and Mulga Downs in Queensland, and was the largest shareholder in the Tubbo Estate Company, and had just entered into partnership with Mr T. C. Hull in the Ferney Estate. near Toongabbie. Mr Macgregor was a Scotchman by birth and a most generous and kind hearted man, and will be greatly missed by the poor, as he always took great pleasure in helping any deserving cases coming under his notice, it always being a custom of his to make up hampers of good things and send them to all poor families that he knew of in the district where he resided at Christ mas time. He would never turn away the smallest child without a word of kindness and giving it something. He was greatly missed by the poor when leaving his Scottish home to come to Austrahla, and twelve years ago when he returned for a trip to his native land he invited all the poor in the old parish to which he belonged to a feast which he provided for them, and was greatly enjoyed. Mr Macgregor was popular with all classes of society, a liberal subscriber to charity, and a staunch friend. He died from acute pneumonia which only showed itself four days before his death. DoN'T FORGET to call and get the lowest possible prices for the best tin and hardware; also, china, glass arid earthenware, at D. J. M'CARTHY'S, Franklin- street, Traralgon.-ADvr. - For SiALE.-Good Seed Tartarian Oats and Rye for green feed.-Apply J. S. MILLIGAN, Traralgon.-ADvT. NEw BRIDGE AT ROSED.LE..-The Minister of Public Works was asked on Tuesday by a deputation from the Rosedale shire council, introduced by Mr A. Harris M..L A., for a grant to wards the cost of erecting a new bridge over the Latrobe River at Rosedale township. The old bridge in the neighborhood, which was erected in IS6o, has lately become unsafe for heavy traiffic, and will no longer bear patching. It was represented as ur gently necessary to have it replaced, as it is on the main road from Rosedale to Sale. The Government grant asked for was £750o. The Minister said the deputation had made out a fairly strong case, to which he would give con sideration when framing next year's estimates. The hon. E. J. Crooke was present and the deputation consisted of Crs Kelly, Fogarty and Pearson. A GANG OF L.ARRIKINS.-Four mem bers of a ruffianly push who created a scene of disorder in Bairnsdale on Saturday night, were dealt with severely by Mr Holmes, P.M., Richard Bourke, for smashing in the front door of the Imperial Hotel, was fined £5, with ios damages, and £a as costs, or 2 months' imprisonment; and for using obscene language, ,5, or one month's im prisonment. Alfred M'Donald, who smashed all the glass in the bar window of the same hotel, was fined £5, with ISs damages, and £2 as costs, or 2 months' imprisonment. For throwing a stone at Herbert Larman and inflict ing a wound under the eye which had to be stitched up, the same accused was fined £5 or x month's imprison ment. Two companions of these offenders, named respectively Winm. Hayes and Alfred Woods, were each fined 40s or 14 days' imprisonment for throwing stones at persons emerging from the Imperial Hotel. Accused are young men and are strangers to the district. FAIR YIELDS.-Thrashing is now practically finished in the Stratford dis trict, and the following are about the average yields :-Wheat, 8 bags to the acre. Oats : The average will be fully 35 bushels to the acre. Barley (Cape) has yielded up to 5z bushels to the acre, and the average will be about 40 bushels to the acre. Peas will return about 6 bags to the acre. Malting barley, very little of which has been sown, 7 bags to the acre. The largest yields obtained were from the lands along Avon Valley, near Stratford. There is a large quantity of oaten and wheaten hay grown also, including Stratford and Clyde Bank, for a radius of about rz miles south of Stratford. Fully to,ooo tons have been grown, and about 3000 tons of this will be required for local consumption. THEKLA DUBBERKE became a free woman on Tuesday. The arrange ments for her reception by her friends were completed by Pastor Herlitz, of the Lutheran Church, on Monday, and in the morning she left her cell. At the gates she was handed over to the care of Detective-sergeant Dungey, who drove her to the residence of those who intend looking after the girl for the present. Before leaving the Melbourne gaol Dubberke thanked all those with whom she had come into contact for the manner in which she had been treated, and stepped out of the stone walls, she said, for ever. The girl left the gaol firm in her intentions to re form, ar.d said that she would give life itself to be able to wipe out her acts of the past two years. Both Tod and Radalyski are in the best of health, and have been visited by their iriends and legal advisers each day since the sen tence was pronounced. CRICKET.-A match -for the " Ad vertiser" Trophy will be played on Saturday next on the local Show ground between Moe and Traralgon. The Traralgon team will be chosen on the ground. P.RRCELs.-Parcels for the following are lying at the Railway Station: Daniels, Deans (2), Coveldale, Rennie, Farmer, M'Carthy, Le Batt, M'Donald, Fick, Leslie (2), Graham, Williams, Mayze, Henden, M'Innes, M'Gartland, Wilson, Jones, Hewett, Stephenson, Codling, Pentland, Rowan, E. White, Grubb. A ThRRIBLE FATILITY.-A terrible buggy accident occurred on Monday at Glenormiston, resulting in the death of Mr John M'Arthur, a dairymen in the locality. He was returning from Terang, and, going down the hill to the Castle Carey-bridge, it is surmised that his foot slipped, and, over balanc ing, he fell between the body of the buggy and the front wheel, his foot getting firmly fixed in the spokes. The ponies at once bolted, and Mr .M'Arthur was dragged with the buggy about 2 miles before it was smashed and the ponies got free.. His wife and daughter saw the accident, and also his son, a lad of 17 years of age. The latter tried to stop the ponies as they galloped along the road, but they knocked him down, and the vehicle passed over his body, though, for tunately, he escaped serious injury. He picked himself up and went in pursuit, but when he got to his lather, he found him dead and terribly bat tered about. One leg was broken in two places, an arm was broken, and there were two fractures in his skull. He leaves a wife and seven children. 