St. Patrick's Cathedral. LEAGUE OF THE CROSS MEETING. SERMON ON TEMPERANCE BY REV. P. PHELAN. A large gathering of the members of the League of the Cross from St. Patrick's and the neighbouring parishes assembled in the Cathedral on Thursday evening, 14th, in preparation for the general communion of the society on Sunday, 17th. The Rev. P. Phelan, Collmgwood, was the preacher on the occasion. Taking for his text "And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all things to Myself (John xii. 32), he said: By a happy coincidence your general meeting falls on the Feast of the Exaltation of the Cross, and ifurnislies a most appropriate text.., In the words I have taken from the gospel «f to-day our Saviour foretells the necessity of His being uplifted on the altar of the Cross, so that He might elevate our common humanity by that divine action. I consider it most appropriate for this reason, that your society is established for the same end, viz., the elevation of your fellow Beings and sustaining them on the high level to which Christ has raised them. Naturally/ my address shall touch on the dignity o^,redeemed man: and the degrading influence of strong drink in pulling him down from tliat lofty ideal; and the efforts which the advocates of Temperance should make in that Godlike work—the salvation of souls. When man came from the hands of God he came a perfect being in the natural order, and, in addition, endowed with many supernatural gifts, on which, as man, he had no claim. His body was perfect in form and completely -under the dominion of the mind. He was frej from pain or sickness, impervious to cold, or hunger, or thirst. His reasoning powers resembled those of an ang°l, and, crowding gift of all, his soul was .stamped with the image of the everblessed Trinity. There he stands perfect in body, angelic in mind, and Godlike in soul. He was so far above all created things, so noble compared with everytliing else that came from the bonds of Godj that the Royal Prophet asks: "What is main, O Lord, that Thou art miodful of Mm? Or the son of man that Thou shouldst visit him ? Thou hast made him little lower than the angels. Thou has placed him over the work of Thy hands; with glory and honour Thou liast crowned him." But a greater glory still awaited him —a dignity far surpassing that conferred on the angels. God was to clothe His enly begotten Son in a garment of our flesh and blood, and by that union of the Divinity with our humanity to raise us from the lowly position of creatures to the proud dignity of sons— to lift our fallen nature high above the angelic choirs. So great was the mystery of God's love for us -as manifested in the Incarnation, that, according to the prince of theologians, St. Thomas, it was the trial which was put on the angels and was the occasion' of their fall. God unfolded to them the mystery of the Incarnation, and the consequent elevation of mankind, that His Son would assume human nature, and hence humanity would be lifted high above the brightest archangel; that all the angels, as ministering spirits, should adore the God-man. This mystery of the new dignity God was to bestow upon us was so incomprehensible to the angels, such a severe trial upon their faith and obedience, that millions refused to obey, and were hurled in an instant from the footstool of God's throne to the land of everlasting night. St. Paul, speaking of this nejv title conferred on us—being mads; brothers of Christ and sons of God—says, "in this hath the goodness and kindness of God our Saviour appeared," and again, tha^ "at sundry times and in divers manners God spoke to the fathers by the prophets, but in these days He speaks to us by His Son," as . if now for the first time we experienced the love of God.:. His elevating our humanity is the mas-. terpiece of Hiis power and wisdom. How uonderful are the ordinary . works of God? "What a creative power to call, with a: single word, this worldof ours into e^iftenbe. What' &n; inventive mind to plan the starry system, and sot that complicated machinery in such, perfect working or,der. What artistic-skillj*to " span the heavens with a golden canopy, and ~ paint with incomparable incoinparabli splendour the blue boundless vault above'us. Yet all this was but the pastime of "the Omnipotent, ^Jis ordinary creative,, acts; . 1 but the masterpiece of Hi6 power, His wisdom, was the union of the Divinity with our humanity, the sublime dignity conferred on us by the Incarnation. The Holy Ghost has inspired St. Paul to assure us that "where sin .abounded, grace superabottaded." That is, whatever we lost by the fall, we gained far uiore "by the Redemption. Hence the church exclaims in one of her hymns, "0, Felix Culpa, quaa meruit talem Redemptorcm. O, happy fault, which merited for us such a Redeemer. Blessed Adam. Blessed, for on account of whose transgression we have been made brothers of Christ and sont> of God. To prepare us for a high dostiny, to fit us for a glorious future, God lias bestowed upon us one of His own essential attributes—the gift of liberty. What is liberty? For its highest and most., perfect form, as an attribute of God, it is the freedom to do good, the impossibility of evil. It is so clear to God that the worship ^e receives, in heaven and on earth is built on liberty as upon a basis. The merit of the just is the reward of the right use of theu liberty. God would allow the world to be torn asunder, to go back again into chaos, to be blotted out of existence rather than interfere with the freedom f men or angels. When Lucifer and his ssociates were plotting rebellion, God ad but to fling one ray of His piercing ight on their intellects and overpower their perverse will ; aud immediately hey would recognise their position as ubjects and fall down to adore Him. ut their liberty was destroyed, theirs would be the worship of slaves, and God will accept only the worship of he free. In the home of the Blessed, liberty is perfect, and never abused, for the saints are enveloped in God'sglory, and in His light see everything for good. But here on earth, where thoughtless men denounce the tyranny of hampering human liberty as chaining human freedom, we must make clear, the distinction between the right use of liberty and unbridled license which often usurps that sacred name. Is man free to destroy the life which God has given him? Every law, human and divine, says No. xs man at liberty to cloud his intellect, to paralyse his .will, to render his memory a blank, to destroy even for a time those three faculties which raise him above the brute creation? That is moral suicide and most emphatically condemned. Is it a right use of liberty which chains the selfirade slave to six days' toil that Saturday night and Snnuay may be spent in debauchery such as would disgrace the very savage? Do we dare to call by the sacred name of liberty that brutal , action of the drunken husband whipli robs his . family of the very necessaries of life, cogyierts his home, which should be an earthly paradise, into a veritable hell, hounds to an early grave the heart- broken woman whom he swore to protect, and flings on the charity of the public a band of starving children? Oh, if, this be liberty let us borrow the words of one who witnessed the terrors of the French Revolution, who saw the service of God prostituted .before the Goddess of Reason, and the fair land of St. Louis deluged with the blood of her noblest sons in the name of liberty. "0, Liberty," said he, "what crimes are committed in name." thy No! Unbridled license sounds the death-knell of all true liberty, The liberty of a nation is the freedom, of ser euritjy the subjects enjoy under the shelter of the nation's flag; the liberty of a; family is the protecting hand of the father safeguarding the woman whose heart was united to his before the altar, protecting the children God has committed to his oare; the liberty of the, individual is the protection of his own labour, his own rights. Then there is the .highest form of freedom, the frei setjoin * of * the " -soul, • of - the - mind, the guan arding of every avenue which would cloud tud thp.i&tgUect;, and impair the me mpry and destroy the will. Of this liberty none can: deprive us but ; ourselves. We may be robbe'd of our property, our homes may be plundered, our country trampled under foot by the stranger; but chains cannot enslave thmind,—the Divine attribute of liberty no tyrant can touch. When the ear":; Christian martyrs were led to the am phitheaire; to "make.a^Ronmh^ hojidajp," or crushed beneath the grinding; wjheels, to the brutal spectators they Seemed slaves;.but iwas ever freedom so "lirious as theirs? Well might they say, "Tyrant! You may plunder my home. ou-'-may crush" my limbs! ">ou may shatter my bo%! But my liberty of soul and mind—that Godlike attribute—you cannot, you dare not, touch." Of such liberty Christ spoke, "You shall know the truth, and the truth jshall make yQU free." V , Why have I dwelt so long en this subject F Why, but to impress upon you the value of liberty, which God *ilW net take from us. 'Tis His own gift,W which earth and hoil leagued together? have no power to touch; tis beyond THEIR DTBSD. One alone can destroy 5C: one alone can commit moral suicide— our individual selves. Like the crafty general who surrounds with his army a strongly fortified city, aui finds that shot and shell avail not, but discovers that the inhabitants receive 1 heir water supply from a crystal stream that springs from the mountain side—to that spring he betakes himself aud poisons its silvery waters nith a fatal drug. The unfortunate citizens are soon in the arms of death, and their city in the hands of the conqueror. So with the city of man's mind, when he poisons with intoxicating drink his own blood, _ his own life-preserving stream, sending the fatal drug through his heart and through his brains, leaving himself in the arms of moral death, an intellect powerless, a memory quenched, a will destroyed. The rev. preacher then quoted from the last report of the Belgian Academy of Medicine on the terrible ejects of alcohol on the human system, how it saps the foundations of social prosperity, the power to work, the development of the intelligence, the moral sense. He also cited as an authority Sir Andrew Claxke, M.D., who declared that of the ten thousand patients whose health and habits he has to inquire into every year, seven thousand owe their ill-health to alcohol. With the opinions of such eminent authorities before my eyes, and the experience of some years in the city and suburbs of Melbourne, I say most deliberately that the language has yet to be invented which will enable us to speak sufficiently strong of this destroying angel, this many-headed monster, which appears in every land, destroying peace, blighting hopes, wasting fortunes, crowding hospitals, desolating the land and strewing the road of life with the degraded wrecks of fallen humanity. To fight that terrible evil, to protect souls from temporal ruin and eternal misery, the League of the Cross was es tabliehed. Such is the glorious crusade in which you are engaged, to maintain' in your own homes the happiness, the peace, the stainless integrity, which spring from the virtue of temperance, to spread around you the light of your good example, and to endeavour, by an active apostleship, to bring to others the happy fruits you enjoy. And behold the glorious rewaid! It is nothing less than that promised to those engaged in the salvation of souls. The Holy Ghost has inspired St. James to tell us "Luat he who causeth a sinne(r to be converted from the error of his way shall save his own soul from death, and shall cover a multitude of sins." And from the lips of our Saviour we are assured that if we help in gathering in His harvest—the salvation of souls—we "shall receive wages and gather fruit unto life everlasting." Cling, then, to the holy cause of temperance. Be vigilant, be active, be earnest. Assist your fellow-beings oy .your example, by your counsel, by your prayers. Assist our Divine Master in fulfilling His own prophesy: "And if I be lifted up from the earth, I will draw all things to myself." 