AN INDIAN GHOST STOBT. Mr F. H. Skrine tells a strange story of what happened to him when engaged in census operations in the 'Jungipore distriot of Bengal. He was spending- the night as the gnest of an indigo manufacturer and his wife, both French. ' I was awakened in the dead of night,' says the writer, 'and eat up, trembling with tne terror tbat comes onoe or twioe in a lifetime from the approach of the unknown. A child's voice came from withont. In tones of agony it shrieked ?Mamma! Ayah!' I sprang through the open French window into tbe flower garden. All was still, except the thump of my heart as I listened intently. It must have been a jaokal, I thought; bnt hark, again the wail rang out— 'Mamma! Ayah!' This time there was no mistake as to the direction. The Bounds oame from the indigo vats, an nnnnrtaniuinfl of even faotorv. Thev aro deep masonry cisterns,, in whioh the green plant is immersed in order to extract the colouring. matter. I ran down the avenue, elimbes the party wall separating the row of vate, and peered into the dark recesses of each. All were empty, save one filled with dear water to serve as a reservior for the garden ; and' it showed no rign of human fife. Filled with creeping fear, I turned and walked slowly towards the house over ground on which the feathery 'foliage of the oasuarinoB seemed, to be photographed by the moonlight. High above their, ''monrnful sough there came again the ohildish Boreams. I ran baok to the vats, and eearohea'each in vain. ? Shall I alarm tbe house f I asked myself. The feeling tbat human interven tion was useless restrained me, and I sought my bed, whereon 1 tossed till morning sun pierced the Venetian blinds. It was very ate, according to Anglo-Indian' ideas, ere I joined my entertainers at breakfast. There was something hi my appearance whioh showed that all had not gone well, for I was Dressed with Questions as to whether I had slept soundly. I admitted that I had not, and began to tell the strange episode of the night. Before the denouement was reached my hostels sank trom her obair in a swoon. M. Gilbert, as he ran to her as slstanoe, oart on me a glanoe of menace aha repttnoh I shall never forget. Wttk-jroe ; ? :: Il^H help oi'the Mrrann he curled: the poor .;.: ;^;^ creature to -an adjoining bedroom, leaving : , ?-'!:XM me in mute amazement at the «ffect-of my ' r^'llS plain, unvarnished tale.. After ten jntnn(e» ' ' ' ?H or so he returned, and striding up to me, y5fj Baid, in a voioe trembling withlury. « Wtfl,1 Jf sir, what am 1 to understand by thtemya* - J-1 tifioation?' ' What on earth do you meanP 1 Yen, sir, mystification; trad permit me to observe tbat it is' in execrable tsitc.' tSo saying M. Gilbert brought his podgy fist down on the table with a thump that made the hot-water- dishes Bound 4 oarilbtfi Shifting my position to a point within renoh - ^ of the oarving-knife, in view of aotive hod- Vj tUiUftd, I replied, 'Now, M. Gilbert, par* N^ haps you will explain the meaning of eoob' i language to a eufast.' There was eomet'ilng ~~.| in my manner whioh impressed ^the'uiihappy' t r^ man. He grew calmer, -and asked anxiously * t% whether I Tied really beard tbe vbioe in the h dean- of die night, and whether laid not i know tbe misfortune whioh had wrecked Us life, and was breaking his wire's heart. I assured him, on my word of honour, that I had hoard his name for the first time on the. previous day. ' Sir,' he replied after ' a * pause, ' our little boy was drowned a year - ~ ago in these vatB.' '?? 