HER WEDDING-EVE. | EE„ weaaing^vei Yea, - to - morrow i^SsSSS? would for eyer jendr the old life ;- -hut- |;53jl bow giorioua Rp peered- the exist |[m|| ence.upbnwhioliehe nrna fthhllf. tn AntPil j ^yVSfitd.. ' She had everything' to be j grateful for,nothing4o com- f p]ain of. . . _ J ?'? She had no mother ;;ibat j ?never having known' a1 : mother's care, her father's u devotion ; made up for the loss. She glanced j around at the confusion of beautiful and ; costly things filling the room— her bridal ! trousseau. j '? Surely I am a favourite o£ fortune,' she ; murmured. And it seemed so be eba stood there in her j evening drees of delicate, gleaming silk — young, lovely, and radiant, with- happiness. Ah, yes, Alice Desmond bad been a petted ; darling of fortune since babyhood, in- j aulged xn everj whim, gratified in every ; desire. To-night the ?very height of bUsshad been ' reached— youth j beauty, riohes, andloy What more could _ehe„ask? ?'ISo more '—no morel' she eaid, ^ aloort, i startling Sarab,- the- maid, - who was- busily ^ packing ajr-ay the dainty wardrobe *nto 3 travelling trunks. _ ! ; f: ' 'What do you say, Miss Alice ?' i Ann Alice smiled and said : ' ((im T nrnff-p ^nnnrrh tn-ni^ht. Saran 'A ' Lws, Miss Alice, you always look pretty in pink ! I expect Mr. Pail will think so ' — . With a ely twinkle in her bright eyes. Alice blushed, looking lovelier than ever with that divine glow in ber young face. The old house was full of gueBts bidden ; to the marriage, and a subdued flutter of joy- ; ful excitement filled it from drawing-room to ! kitchen. The first dinner-bell rang, and the girl quitted the privacy or her room to watch , for her lover's coming ; but he had already ; arrived, stood at the foot of the stairs wait- : ing for her, tall and handsome, his eager blue eye a aflame with love's impatience, his arms outstretched towards her. The hall was deserted. faut_had it been : crowded with watchers Phil lxiagsly would not have heeded them with that lovely vision before him. He mounted a step to meet her ; he flung his aims around her, drew her head -to bis breast, kissing her with fond passion. 1 j 'Oh, Phil!' she murmured, blushing deeply, bat yielding to hie arms. | ' My darling ! thank Heaven I am with - you once more!' ha cried, fervently. 'I ! have been sll impatience ever sinoe leaving London.' ^ ! ' Why, have yen also sometimes had vague j fears lest something should happen 2' she ' asked, drawing back, a shade of grarity.com- j ing over the radiance of her face. ' Only the groundless fears incidental to ; this uncertain life of ours, dearest. Your presence has put t^emalito flight.' . ? ' But what if something unforseen, un-j dreamed of. should psrt us yet ?' 'JsothinK but death can part us now, beloved. To-morrow is oar wedding-day. \ There is no room in my heart for doubt or i fear to-night, sweetheart. Come into - the j drawing-room ; it is deserted, and we may ! have a few precious moments to ourselves.'' And with bis hand on hers, his happy, 1 passionate eyes seeking her face, she, too, gavs herself up to the blissful present. Dinner was over, and Mr. Desmond and . .. Eicgely were in ibe library, holding a little private conversation. Alice had 'just left ? Jhem to join her friends in the.drawing- : room ; but feeling that silence rather than ; speech fitted her present mocd. she made Tip -- a card-party, persuaded some luoy to sing, 5 and leaving a comfortable gronp around the blazing lire, she stole to the spcth window,. ; flung up the g^eb, and leaned; out in'o^he ! crisp September night. - \- How brilliantly the etara sparkled and glowed iu the fiecfeless sky. and what a sweet, subtle scent floated ap from the old gardsn, whose late-blooming roses etill held sway. j ? 'Hist 3 Miss Desmond ! Miss Desmond 1 i Shall an old woman tell your fortune?' came { in & low, sibilant whisper ; and a gaunt, 1 fierce-eyed. ragged old creature rose np from a crouchine position under tbe window. . The girl started beck, a faint cry on her *ipe. ' Who are you 1' she inquired, quickly re covering herself, and speaking somewhat im periously. ' Ociy a poor, forsaken old vagabond ; but I can tell you something, miss, that will drive all that bloom from your face, that light from your eyes.' Her strange, burning glance swept over the dainty evening-dress, the soft lacs and glim meting jewels. Her brown, ?wrinkled face worked convulsively. A bitter execration fell from her withered lips. Envy, rage, hate, fed the lurid fire of her Encken eyes. Alice Desmond had brave blood in her veins. She did not feel afraid, but she was fascinated. ? What revelation could this poor creature make to harm or frighten her ! Pity stirred ber heart. She could be generous to the poorest of God's creatures to-night. '? I do not care to have my fortune told, but here is 6ome money. Take it and go away. My father would be displeased were he to find you here,' she saiti, gently, hold ing out her slim, white hand, with two silver pieces in its open palm. But the strange old woman drew back with a low, scornful langh. 'Displeased! Ha, ha! I shouldn't wonder. Tea are very kind. Ah. yes; it is easy for you to play the Lidy Bountiful, but I 'would starve — yes, starve and rot — before I would to -.id! Desmond money. I have came to tell you something.' Alice grew serious, impressed, in spite of berEelf. 'What is it?' 'A Eecret, and one that you ought to know. This is your wedding-eve ?'' 'Yes.' 'A fitting time,' she muttered, with a fiendish chuckle. ' Come oat into the gar-' den.' Alice glanced back into the room. Tbe fire burned with a ruddy glow; the occupants of the low chairs around it were iaug'u;::^ and talking, a:\\-j at the pisiio the musically in clined were trying a new song. Xo one had heard a word of that con versa tion at tbe window. She tnrno/I ? 3 - _ ~ — ogciu «/ uigut cca 10 ia8i evil-eyed old woman, who fctood ^vatching her like a grim fate. She said brisfly : ' I will come.' She Etepped qciclily from the room, took s mantle from tbe hall-lobby, flung it over her head, and went out into the darkness of the outer world. He? delicate, silk bxashed the dew from the grass on - the garden-walk, aud once a roee thorn «Eug,i; tbe lace of her sWve : but on she went until -,ne came face tc face with ber Strange visitor. J'®*' they stood there in the » j .* .^e °'a Garden fee girl, young, fair, and bar*' ' c, ^e^ ' the old woman, bent crisn hotL 'h' P°or.'Ss fluttering in the ant t'hp n. J e-EZ6' £1'ent — l-ie one espect V, , ' h1er WICked,y exultant. AIjcg epuke first. lBeT-0a mUSt '3r'61'- My guests will misa them all thR^'/?°lB-^St th^ are' 1 ^ lone Wh ? w co° °etain you verv ihee-EBidWha^0', -otherf-Ll me,' plucking at.herskeVe, ® ^ ' ' ae^rS£lfr°m h6r toa0b ^ 8 'h0*V IranU^ ' at ' — soldy sind ^'Pied didahel Ha, ha! Yes, she died ftt yourbtrth. a slow death bnt a enre one— aie^ to^he world, to the pleasures ol life, to hut they did not pat he* in a ; gnye, but in a— madhonse.' ?? i = ./*' ^?°.w,^r® you speak so falsely I' cried 1 she girl, her face blanching, a horrid chill i freezine thn nam -.i ? i ! ' ji » ? ? ? ? *U*SUK, MUIUU ui HU'I veins. \ ? ?istrae. Iknow it; lewesrit 1 Go j j .father. On, yes, be has deceived; '? ? tn^se years ipr fear tbe shadow knight^ f ; life; buji |be«nrae is joa jyon^ -i j &re; rdoomed. rMs^nt^s Inrkaln^ yonr ' 3 l^^'in^onr^bramlf lDfti, you.^are Jfopng, - tod- riol^ ^andv ib^uitUul, bdt ihe poorest beggar - in the land nieed notj eiwy. . , » ™y. Mfl Jponer ot later jon vrBl \- 1 - firi9 fpittiome behmd M bate bf ';AAlioe'ligtBned in speechlees horror. .She j po longfac dohhted the eld woman's wordu, . .ywwHig l frj^uldjyit'be only & hideous , reaUty ! Either had all that happy past been a dream— a brilliant but ewifi!y-fading dream. How far away it weeined from her now. and what a bisck gulf of angnish and despair lay before her. ... ? ? pered, hparfie!y, feeling .she had no, o^ier refuge now. The old voiiiaii ciu t phed, lier Ground,- tender wrist in a cruel grasp. . t ^ . '3)a you want toihowjwhy I til jou this, care! ully-guatded Blcrct l ilt is my vengeance. ' 1 Long jeara ago I bad a daughter, ^oting and fair ae you. Her. 'lover was your father's huiler. fliid on their wedding. day -t5»y -hunted him down, and Me. ; Diamond, th? kich ' mer- ? chant, had him* dragged away to prison because he had stolen a paltry eunfiof money, from hiai. Heaven ! she died in jny arms, for the was but a'deiicste creature, and ? I vowed she should ba avenged. |51ow lor blow, life for life, is ray motto. Golback to you guests, to your'lover, and your wedding finery, but remember! ' . . ? - -And with that ilast word ringing throigh the.air, 8ho vanished. . . ; 'Can I ever forget?' moaned the girl, stumbling up the path like a creature blind with anguish. ' Oa, father, why did yori spare me! Oh, mother, where are .you to night I' She felt choking, and pulled the lace ruth lessly away from ber white throat. ''What a fate, to ba raised to the height of Human bliss, only to be dashed down into a j bottomless pitof-despair. - All 'the -time -cne 'thought %ept beating throughherferain: ? j It is my w«dding-cve.' i A burst of -gay laughter 'floated ont from I the drawing room -as ^tie etumbled wearily np j the step's. It made her shudder, and ^et an j hour ago, ev:sii less thBn an hour ago, she j had jointd in the mirtli, the happiest of them all. She ftole through tbe ball until she earns to the library door. Tnere she stopped for a a moment, pale and wan as some wandering j spirit of sorrow. _ _ j Her father sat in his easy .chair, smoking ; j while taiking to him her lover stood lean ing agsiast the mantle. How ndhle ne , looked — bow brave and handsome ! ; If he had only raised his eyes and looked cn that blanched face, those sad eyes ! But, j unconscious of her nearness, unconscious of : the power working against the fruition of bis ; happiness, he stood there talking and think- j ing of rc-moirow. ] Alice stretched ont her bands, and ber lips ! moved in a whispered farewell ; then slowly »be moved on up the stairs to ber own room. - On the threshold she-met her maiil. ; ' Gaod heavens 1 Miss Alice, what ia the ; matter?' she cried, starting back from her , young mistress's changed appearance in ] affright. -vl iyy ' V ! 'Hush! I am only tired. Do not let me I Ce disturbed to-night. I intend to retire at nnce.' ? - ' But,' ? 'Please go. Sir ah; I do not need you.' And she closed and locked the vdoor against ] even her fnith'uiseprant16 itfefeuoticn. | ^ilS&e; room had It^si put in perfect order, j the trucks were pafeked, and on a low couch ber ^caicg-dress lay carefully spread out,' with Sf.reath and reil'sprsad across it. - How j ..the-^$t mpcked^Sctpain ! i \- W4bT^a cry ebe flung berEelf - dowzi*o& th^a^lld merciful tears saved her from going maathen and there. Never ia ail her young lite had she shea such tor rents of tears, been shaken with such deep Babe ; for never before had real sorrow laid its burden upon her, and this was a thing to crcsh even the stoute&t-heartedf; At last e he toss np, calmer. But woefully pale and subdued, a girl no lon.gcr.nbut ;i suffering woman. An impulse to jgo away secretly had come over ; her. * With* fsverish haste she chanjged her evening dress for a plainer one. put her purse in her -; Bosom, and laid out a hat and closk. Then fehe sat down and wrote I a short note to her tether^' a pitiful little mes Eage esplBining-ihe cause of her flight, and entreaticg him to tell Phil. That finished, and laid on her dressing-table, she moved slowly and softly about the room, taking a sorrowful farewell of all 'the pretty familiar thisgs endeared to her by a thousand happy j BEsociatipne. ; ' ; r . ' ! Above the manflepiece hung he; lover's ' picture, richly framed, and the most precicus : of all her treasures. She paused before it, : tearless, but with heaving breast, her poor, ! passionate heart quivering, almost break- ] inpr. ? ' Oh, love, love, how can I give yon up ? ' Vet 'tis better that than I ehould ruin your : life. Heaven forbid that I should do it ! Gsod-bye, gcod-bve. for ever !' and Ehc turned awav. not dariGH tc look asain into I thoEe pictured eyes, lest her courage should, : after ail, fail. At last she was ready, and opening her , door she glanced out. The house was all ! quiet, the hall dark and deserted. She went out, and with noiseless steps : groped her way down stairs. Wjtii shaking hand she fumbled at the fastenings of the front dcor. She thought she heard footsteps | cn the upper floor, and listened in breathless : terror. It was only a false alarm, snd opeiring the ; doer, she stepped out, and heard it close ! behind her with a chilling shudder. Shut out in the cold &hd;: darkness — she, ! the datlirg of fortune.' Ihe glory of her father's house, the bslcved of Phil Kingsly's . heart ; and yet Ehe faced it with less shrink ing than ehc could have faced pitying . friends, a shame- stricken lather, .a luke-warm lover. Half a doz'n bounds bounded up to meet ; her, barkii:^ Oe^ply ; but at the sound of her low, sweet vr-iec, crouched at her feet with : whines of delight. With a soothing word she : went swiitly down the wsss. and eo away ! from ber home «nd it was ber wedding eve. ; ' The wedding on? dawned clear and bril liant, with a fine hoar frost lying on leaf and flower. At Djs^iond's tbe household were as'.Sr eaily. for ihero were yrtmacy things tc be done before the bridal feast was spread. Suddenly a strnnge cry rang through tbe house : a cry of apprehension ; of alarm — tbe bride could net be found. Her bed wa? un touched, ber evening dress lay in-a crumpled ln-8j- on tbe floor, but she had vanished. Mr. ; Demand's ruddy face paled a Itule, but he ' tailed :t only a foolish woman's excitement until hr- read his daughter's note. Then he ' etaggerei back with a fierce cry : 'Oh, Heaven ! it is true she has left us !' j Guest* and servants were all gathered : Er.-»iir.r. him, ail earer, all curious, and ? Pliil K r-psly fctcod a; hia elbow, pale and : (athtr Hem. ' WhBt does it mean ?' bedema-deij. lias been listening to seme cruel l!C=.' Yon lip yourself, Royal Desmond ; I ioid h$r only the truth,' screamed a shrill voice : and & haggard old woman pn&hed; her way through the crowd until ehe etcod lacing :he in tscer of the house. 'You have for ?:oiten me, probably, but I have not forgotten : you, R -yal Daaoioed, nor the revenge I swore m wre⁣ on you f or dragging mygirl4a lover j oC to prison and breaking her heart. You 1 murdered ber 1' she cried, wildly; 'but I— 1 1 was more merciful to your pretty idol. I only told her the truth about her mother, und the fate awaiting'her, pampered, spoiled | pt.^. that she was.' 'And you would take vengeance on an j innocent, defenceless girl?' eaid ^ ingsly, | sternly. s ; She iaughed fiendishly. ? ' A life lor a life, young sir ; better be thankful yon have escaped a mad woman. { Oh, it would have wrung your heart to bave j witnessed her horror, her anguish !' ' Woman, are you flash and blood, or : -demon'?' hoarsely demand^jthq^mcrchaui. j . ' ♦? Demon— just what ^n ma3& me? I 'only ' hope yon will now Jeel a pang ofjKbat I have' | Y^uSMM me, lor i ''whaVThave'done ; lMve^»dmy1i«venge — ' ' ' And a poor revenge it will prove, when I | tell you she ia my daughter pnly bjradoption.' He turned to bis listening guests, 4 haughty flush mounting!*) hie fine faoe. ' My Mends, .tbis vroman's insane anger againet me makes it necessary toteUjoua very painful etory. It has t-6en kept a eeoret from a looUsh fear that it might Clond myijpui's life|4sbe is;. jtny * girl, though no drop of . pay blood flbwa ih ber veins. Ydnlaid^fiome of yon that my ? wife died in-an-inBane asylum only, a few jfgiMr iBoon .after we. were*.. mirrieS,; SrSTiaM f&evr; i muiih ivors; afterher child ^ied. We traveHedover the Continent, and -6ne night we stopped: at ja hot-el in .« little - town where -|in |English woiian lay dyings iiBhe bad a lafjpy iitUe .jgirl, a imcrebaby,-and the ibonght of -leaving . it alone in thejFftrld aistreBBed her teyond ^he llttle one; 'and 'at lwst®wie adopted lier ; landirnm that day^to this iidtelitas been my - girl| my Alice, my -faeasnre; but- jwould to I Heaven Lbad'told iierTthfe'^infl ^ared^jier I mnob euBering.' ^ead ^SDWIBd, :-emdt,b6 . tenderly - ont ihe 5*ad,|ittle note. *'^Coir, desperate beriihame and misery sinBt have dead of night— sue, bo young, so tenderly Eheitered from all the rough winds of liuman In the deep silencp that followed Mr. Dia mond's explanation the old wo man^creptpu t , l3^'ia™M«8T-TSnenr-and^ehthe servants vypuld lmve arrested -her; Kingsly restrained them. . ' . ' ''*? £st her jgo ;sbe can do no more mischief.' , .%hen^touisued.J^.''l)^8n^ali\on'l the' aicin. ' ' Boiiefe youreelfj sir. We must find 'Alice.1' 'Yes, wc must find her. Oh, Phil, where,: can she bel my poor jgiil, my darling i' And Phil Bet his lips hard together, and turned from the eight of the wedding favors lying-on the table. Alas for his happiness 1 How ewiftly, cruelly, it had been destroyed 3 . Juet a week; since ehe had left her father's house, and yet to .Alice Desmond, sitting in the sunshine in front' of an old houee in a suburb of Inndon, the time had dragged so heavily it seemed an age. She sat on a stool, her head resting against a small tree, her hands listlessly folded in ber lap. There were dark sings under her lovely eyes, and a fixed pallor oh her smooth cheek. An joid woman came softly to the door, looked at her, and shook her head with & deep sigh. She had been the girl's nur-a.e, aud loved her with devotion. What a shook it bad been to her to hate her nursling come as she did ! She could not attend the wedding, but she sat by her lonely fire thinking of it one evening just at duak, when came a loud, hurried knock on the front door, and there on the step stood Alice, pallid as death— a veritable ghost, the fright ened woman at first thought. «? Oh, Nora, take ine in 3 hide me -away from the world, for my heart is -broken I' she panted, and fell faint and exhausted across the threshold ; and there ehe hsd been ever since — a silent, joyous creature, so un like her old, gay, brilliant self, it wrung tbe woman'e heart to look at her. To-day she eat on tbe stcol in tbe sun inine. JisJesF, hopeless. ' Ob, that master wouid come I' sighed Did Nora; and scarcely had the wish found utterance when the sate swung open, end Mr. Desmond and Phil Eingsly enzercJ. Alice turned her head at the sound, and startled up with a cry, only to sink back again on the stool, breathless, almost faint ing. The next moment ehe was in her ath er's arms. ' Alice, my girl! — my darting V he cried, and broke down, his tears falling on her bent head. 'Oh, father,' she moanetT, 'why did you fcriog him with you ! — I cannot b;ar it.' And then, mustering his emotions, he told her the story be had told to the wedding guests. 'Had you come to me that nig&t;, my child, I would have told you then.' I shall not attempt to tell you how the girl felt. The revulsion from blackest despair to greatest joy made her senses almost reel. At first she listened, pale and bewildered, then ehe laughed and wept by turns; but the moment of supremest joy was when her lover's arms clasped her, her lover's lips pressed hers, and 6b e knew she need never shrink from him. Suffering bad taught her the nature of happiness. They were married that day without pomp or show of any kind, ' for,' said Kingsly, ' we will dave no more wedding eves.' 