. ??? ©rigiiml itory. A Miner's Christmas Story, i \ (By PAUL TWYFOKD.) I ' [ALL niOHTS BRSBRVKd] . I mot Jexon in tho street; ho lookod pale and miserable — like a ghost. No wonder ! The man's Jimnices were at the lowest possible obb, hia hunger unappeased, hia clothe.) shabby and worn, and withal tho day was wot, cold and miaer aUo, iio recognised mo ; in fact the recognition was mutual ; yetl paused him by. There wore old associu'iona not desirable to be renewed. I turned to in order to see whither ho shaped his footsteps, and lo, he hud stopped in his Bhu 11 ling walk and was looking at me. Ho grinned ; no did 1\. Then he cuno up lo mo und poured forth his troubles. They wore many and, to somo extent, 1 sympathised, though, as 1 bad been ' had ' before', I was wary. Jlo pro duced a small vial from hia pocket. ' Look at that,' he said. I did look, and look tho bottlo in my hand. It hold about two penny weights of gold and I told him so. ' That's (,he exact weight,' ho said ; 'liioo nold, ain't it?' 1 nodded, nothing more. I knew Joxon, and wasn't, taking any bogus gold venture juBt then. , Ho knew mo too, and know that where there was a bit of gold to bo got, I was as keen as a terrier after a l'ati Jexon and I bad forogalborcd in days gone by. Wo hud been co-agitators, labour men, and socialists. Joxon was also a rabid temperance advocate, but in thut 1 could not follow him, Jexon was an unlucky follow too, Iio could novor make any headway iu anything, and it was not for lack of energy either, for he was full of it. Latterly he had gouo in for gold digging, at least ho said so, and 1 had no reason to deny it, though 1 confess I was sceptical. Anyway, there was tho gold aud this is the story ho told mo : 'Them's six o£ us, and wo'ro upon. ?tlid ' (niiino of tho river whispered in my ear) ? and that is a suinplu oi the gold wo have found.' Ho stopped abruptly, but I on eouragod him to procood, 4 'WolL, why wo want help.' ' 1 © 'lurosay. Most now chum minor* do, uttpuciully men of your Itiduey,' 'Now, don't be hard on a oovo. You're a lucky one, you nri-, and oughter havo a littlo fueling for thorn uu isn't.' ' Can you put me on to anybody ?' ashed Jexon, aftor a pauso. 'I might; but it is hard to trust men gold mining. I know men who might help you, after they have helped themselves, and I also know you.' ? Oh, stow itt Let by-gones be by gones.' ' Vory well. By-lhe-bye, where'a mu HHOOU8 1U1U K1U0 T ' Iu a bud wuy. Keeping a penny hash bouse in ? street. How shu's lived while I've been away, God only knows. But Lippy (my name, I may stule, is Lipscombo— Alfred Lipscombe) she's a stunner.' ' She ia, I believe. Bad job for her that over she married you, Jox.' 'Y-e-y, perhaps so; but — well, what about the gold ?' 'Nothiug. I'll give you no advico lest it come homo to me, and I must uuuw mure aoouc ii uoioro i move a hand's stir. Will you have a drinkf ? You know I won't.' ' Not of hot coffee ? Here's a place and you look cold enough to freeze a fellow. Come in an'd get warmed.1 The mun's face relaxed, and his heart, I knew, was gladdened, not only by tho fumes of hot coffee, but by the hope that I was relenting. ' To be honest with you, Lippy,' he said, ' I don't want money, that is I don't wont to sell ; wo think too much of it, and only require as much money an will provide tucker for a few months.' ' I» that all ? What about tools V ' We have plenty, but wo can't work without tucker.' ' Truo ; but how did you get to Sydney ?' ' Walked every step of tho way,' The fellow seemed so earnest, so eager, and withal, so moderate, that [ did rolont, and quickly summing up matters in my own mind, I made this proposition to him : ' Well, Jex, I will help you. I'll go with you and attend to the laying out of my own money. I am going up to ? in order to see what's wnat, and if it suits my book, I'll keep you and your mates in return for an equal share free of all further expense fo me, subject to thia con dition : that. I can stop supplies at any moment I like ; and further, that the cost of food and any other expense I may be put to will be a lirsc charge on the washings.' ' Agreed. You're a brick, Lippy ;'? and ho eagerly gripped my hand. ' Now, Jex, show me where vou Uve?1 ' He hesitated, but, after consider ing a bit, led the way. The neigh bourhood was a frowsy one, and the nennv hash house uninvitinir in t.Vin extreme. Yet there wore there a dozen men or so sitting in the sparely furnished ' reading room ' smoking. I told her what I was going to ao, and she thanked me in her quiet unobtrusive way. Upon leaving I slipped a bank note into Mrs. Jexon'a band. o o o At the appointed time Jexon met me at the railway station. His swag was a light one, but that wasn't ray business. Anyhow, I shared my rugs with him in the car. Arriving at ? wo had to negoti ate a iwenty mite coacu nde, and then a walk of two miles brought us to tho claim. I knew the country, as I had been there in tho early days, and saw but few changes. Jexon took mo to the hut. It was noon, and yet there was no sign of work, On a fire in the open was a billy, and sitting by it two bang-dog lookinor fftllnwa mnnlrinrr * inaiila were three others, equally unprepos sessing, sitting at a table playing euchre. They looked np for a mo ment and resumed their game. 'This is a new mate I have brought you — an old friend of miuo who has promised to help us,' said Jexon, in a pleasant sort of way, his face all smiles. ' We ain't got nothin' to eat, so can't ask ye t» 'ave a bite.' ' What I Haven't you got a. bit of gold?' ' Gold be ? . Whero nnn wo irflfc gold?' Which sounded bad for my venture. ' And haven't you been trying ?' asked Jexon. 'What bloomin' rot ; you know we can't work an' we atarvin'. Why. wo can't even get a drink o' milk from the old cocky down yonder.' I said nothing, but studied the crowd with norao curiosity. Iloarned from Joxon that the cocky kept a storo. I gave him some monoy to purchase meat and bread, sugar and vott — uuiuiii£ oiso, x was going to try an experiment. I could live as hurd us any one, and naturally ex pected others to do so when neceE sary. Tho food was procured, and and tho men tucked in a pretty good tightness of fried mutton and home made bread, moistened with panni kins of tea. There wa3 no stint, and I noticed that the chaps had ' sweet teeth,1 for thoro was a big run on the sugar bag. Jexon gave up hia stretcher to me and slept on tho floor; it was pretty cold and I halved my wraps with him. I was shown the claim next morning. To the un but that did not disturb me. I wanted to see the place where the two penny weights como from. Joxou pointed out a hole in t!ie drift; I tried several pansful of stull aud got merely colours in each. I ad vised Jexon to set tho others opening out in the bank. Ho spolto to them, and there was some disvussioii. ' Let'e see your tools,' I »«id. ihoy CHRISTMAS TIME AT AN INLAND STATION. wero produced, and a moro discredit able lot of picks and shovols I had never soon. . Tho fellows pottered about making some sort of pretence of work, and I wont to tho hut aud put on Homo working duds. The fellows | stared at me whoii I went amongst thorn in moleskins, heavy bootw, and big baro arms ready for action. I put in an aftornoon's work, and rather liliod the look of tho country, though I got no prospect. Thut evening I simt for no tucker, and all hands looked glum. We finished tho remnants of yesterday's mutton aud bread, aud no one had enough. After that repast I put matters plainly boforo thorn : If I was to find tucker, I must have a fair return in work. I had shown' them the way, and they must make an effort. When I saw them in earnest I would provide better tools and quarters, with heaps of grub, It depended entirely on them selves. If thoy wore men, and uctod fair by me, I'd stand by them for three months ; if thoy did not, either they or I would havo to cloar out. Finding no gold in a week, I told Jexon that ho had lied to mo, and in a servile, apologetic fashion he ad mitted the soft impeachment. ' Never mind,' I said, ' I must try and make the best of it. Wo must have bettor tools aud bettor men.' ' What will you do then ? ' ' In a day or two I'll tell you ; but I must go into ? (tho nearest town) and I leave my few belongings in your care. I may trust you that much.' He looked at mo reproachfully. ' You suroly can trust mo that much.' ' I will do so. I'll biro a horse from our cocky friend below, and hope to be back in two days.' ? ? ? My first visit was to tho mining registrar. ' From him I hoard that no lease had been applied for, and that no miner's rights had been issued in the names I indicated. I then ap plied for 800 yards in tbo rivor bed, and 50 acres along tho banks on either side, paid the deposit and took out a miner's right for Joxon. I then purchased such tools as were required, together with axes, sawB, hammers, etc., and a good sup ply of provisions, to be forwarded the following day. When I got back to the claim the men were all attention, but I told them nothing. They wero much annoyed, you may bo sure. They were experts at euchre, and I saw they meant to take mo down, but thoy had no money to bot. I bought their interest in tho claim for .CIO, aud with .Texou an partner won itback. That night a heavy hand moved over my face, and in another second would havo clutched my throat. I had not gone to sloop, fully oxpecting J some such attempt. My right hand I held my revolver and I blazed away, ' not at the man but up at the rafter, j Tho bluze rovealed the fellow's face, I then drove my left into him with all the force I could. I hoard a howl, i aud then thoro was a nice old row. I hud slipped out of bed, and as I had turnod in . standing I was pro pared. Somoono struck a match, and I found them all standing about me, oxcopt ono, ho was lying doubled up, for I had hit him below tho belt. Joxon at once attempted to smooth matters by insisting that there had been somo mistake. The others talked big, but having five shots, I talked back pretty well as I pleased. Jexon, speaking on their behalf, suggested a compromise Asked what thoy proposed, thoy askod for &!0 for thoir interests, i told them I'd soo them in Halifax first. ' What would I give them then ? ' thoy asked. 1 1 havo no right to give you any thing, but to save botbor hero is that £10 note und what odd silvor I havo will keep you on tho road. Now clear before I ride for tho police. Jexon, I have not included you, but if you are homesick horo is i'2 for you thougli I'd rather you'.t stay.' They took tho money, rollod up their swags and cloarod out. That afternoon u troopor called at tho camp to onquiro if all hands had miner's rights. Ho saw mine und Joxoti's, drunk a pannikin of tea with us, had a smoke, and then followed on tho trail of my late mates. What for nevor troubled mo. ' Now, Jexon, what do you intend doing ? Will you stay with mo or surrender your chance bore?' Ho said he'd stay. ' Very well. I'll now rido to B ? whore I can pick up two or threo good men.' ; I know all tho old diggings about [ B ? , but all my old cronies had { loft or wero dead, thougli thoy wero known to those I interviewed. I made arrangements with six good mon, who returned with me, bring ing with thorn i:'l that .belonged to them on pack- horses, 'i'boy were of the good old type of gold-digger — strong, hearty, and capable, and looked respectable men. And what a chango thoy brought 1 Wo soon had n decont camp, and bettor still, a big cut oponod out and tbo bottom takou up. It was dry woatbor and wo had no difliculty with tho water. Tho yield, upon washing ' up, was highly satisfactory. Subsoquont washings proved just as good. Then Joxon wanted to go home. I didn't blamo him for he had a good wife, and his share would sot them up. Ho was a spare, weak man, and his heart was not in the work. He had ;Co0 in his pocket, and I offered JCCO for his sharo. He demurred at lirst, ' bocause,' he said, ' you havo boon a real friend, and I ought not to take a penny from you.' ' Lot me owe it to you, then. Per haps £50 about Christmas will come in handy, though I hope you will havo doubled your £50 by then.' ? . ? ? By enquiring at a well-known socialistic rendezvous, I found Jexon, and I am glad to say, in a far greater degree of comfort than I had ever seen him. Mrs. Jexon was moBt pro fuse in her thanks. Strolling out one evening with old Jox, wo. saw a crowd in Castloreagh streot. ' Somo groat political question was .being discussed, and among the speakers iu tho crowd I recognised tho man who would have choked me as I slept. Ho was in fine - fettle, talkod a hurricane, and had tho crowd with him. I got in front of him, hoping to catch his oyo. Presently he uttered some nonsense, und I chal lenged him. I soon found that I had raised a hornet's nest, and only that Joxon jumped up on the wall (where they wero spoaking) and addressed itlie crowd in a really good, sensible spoech, I think I should have been mobboil, Joxon had very much moderated his viows, though ho had not de sortud his old comrados. He was not in any employment, but ho assisted his wife very materially in the bourdiug house, which was quite a stylish place. I handed Mrs. Joxon tho other £50 aud I learned from hor that sho and a bright girl named Lucy hud com pleted thoir arrangements ' to make me happy. Christmas Day was really a happy day, uud I may say that many happy days have followed. That year was my very luckiest yoar, for though the claim on the rivor wasn't ex ceptionally rich, I married and won a splendid nugget in my wife, for she BOTANICAL GARDENS, SYDNEY, stood fivo foot sovon inches' la height, weighed ton htono, and waB just turned 35, Sho lms been worth hor weight in gold to me, and I always call her ' Lucky Lucy,' for my luck hua been ever, steadier since wo coupled ; and though only couuliy reared and unsophisticated in niany things, she knows her vray about better than moat city women, and better than all, sho is lovable nnd elTectionate and thinks a lot of her 1 old man,' meaning, of couree, Alfred Lipacombe, otherwise ' Lippy.' And thixtis all I bavo to say. My luck is good f-.r a life time, boyond all doubt, for not only in my big 'nugget' as bright and winsorcc- as ever, but at this moment tbree smaller 'nuggot3' aro overhauling their Christmas stockings for good things and offering me bits of each variety. And — thero I'vo said enough. 