The Ambulance. A THOUGHT IN THE SADDLE. I haVfl tefin in many a fast run race, And, have; seen white splinters fly Froin the panels Struck, when each rider's face Is set arid- his lips are dry, When the wind that blows f'om the heathery heights Comes not swifter nor more keen Tliaa the thundering hoofs of a fiold that fights Where the stirrups flash and gleam. When a man must ride with head and nerve That is cool, and brave, and stout, ao vug uio upu uu UA owci Vo If the Jockey be in doubt ; For those who are horsemen know right well That, in spite of brag and talk, When a fence is in front a horse can tell If the rider means to bau'k. ? ; ? ,. ... _ I know what It is, in a race half run, To feel the pull grow slaok ? .. . Arid to have to bustle a horse that s done At a panel too sound to crack — When tne foam (hat flies from; his jaded lips Is staining the silk with wet, ? Andhlsgalant blood eaoh spur-head tips With the hot and orimson sweat. _ I've known in my time most that men can feel, Oh the flUt or over stioks, When the whip-stung favourites sway and reel, Where the colours flash and mix. Bub I tell you straight, though I've had my share OMalli :Wh'ere death may be found, For limb or life I had ne'er a care Till my coffin raced me round. 'Twjs my luck to ride the day that they first Brousht oat the ghastly thing, And I, as it happened, was up on the worst Qf amounts— on* a brute named Sting; A horse that I, felt, would give me a fall Were the paice made slow or fast, For he shied like the deuce at its dead white pall As the waggon lumbered past. To stand in the course like a grim, giey ghost, Olr a lean-linibed bird of prey, ? Watching its, victims who stood at the post, Waiting to hear, ''They're away 1' The flag went down,' ana I dashed to the front— Twasthe on'y way he'd race. For though he was slow at the heel of a hunt, At first he'd a field outpace. He went at his fence like one at a brook, Altho' it was stiff and sound, As he struok fore and aft I chanced to look— The waggon was rolling round. Ood knows, I had plenty to think of and do, . Sitting and keeping up straiuht ; But, spite of myself, forever in view Giittered the wheels of my fate. Bb round and round, in a course. of its own It w.aited and watched its prey; fot although the field had smaller grown, Eaoh jock had got clean away. But as he raced for the fence at the bend (The ambulance raoing too; : I fe t that with me it w.is ' bellows to mend,' And Bomehow I fancied it knew. Swaylng and hungry it hurried across, As though some one's die was cast ; And so it was, for mjr mad-headed horse ' Turned turtle' with me at last. It carried me in— at least, so they say — This waggon, ghastly and weird, \- That had haunted a heart with dread that day Which little beforo had feared. Men boast of meeting and talkinsr with death 'Mid soenes.of ca-nage and strife, Whenitheir blood is up and the battle's breath lias fired 'the calm of their life. But, I ask their, best, could any man face , Grim doom Under aspect worse Thanwhen ridia?a three-mile steepleohase In oompany with his hearse. . \- KENNETH. MAOEAY. 