TROOPER THOMPSON'S 1F0RIATI0N, / .COMPLETE IN TSIS ISSUE.\ BY b. m. croker, copyright. nr . HIRTTyearsogo, was" nrio It lliilfra camping ground . mm tt isnow, I was a trooper . in rue mounted police. I had gone ont to the goldfields, liko thousands o f other younger sons, expeotmg to moke my for tune. . My. ex pectations, how- over, were not fulfilled — far from it! Ontho contrary, as in tho ease of the dog and shadow, I lost all tho substanoo I possessed. After toiling for months in a worn-out claim, pfton knee deep in water, my ohiim bolted with our pitiful accumulation of gold dust ; . und a- pick, orudle. and the olothes I stood in, represented my worldly all. Under theso distressing cironmstancos, I was thank ful to enlist in the police. The reputation of being pretty steady and a good man on a horse, were my sole credentials. The pay wus small. I was a long way astray from the pleasant' high road that leads to fortune. Work was incessant, and pro motion alow. I had been nearly three years in the force, and was still Traoper Thompson, nnd began to fear that as Trooper Thompson I should live und die, when that well known tido which. interferes sopotently in tho affairs of man, set my way at luBt ! Wo had been out for two days'on tho track of a party of notorious bushrangers, and returned empty handed to our headquarters pretty, well dono up, to find when all stragglers were assembled, thatTroopor Mar tin' was missing. Just before dark his bay inure galloped 111, covered with dust aud sweat, but hcraccoutrements were complete, and there was not a speck of blood 011 saddle or holsters, or anything about her to afford the faintest oluo to the fate or whereabouts' of her rider. Had ho met with foul play ? Had the mure broken away and loft him on foot, to lose himself arid perish iu the truukloss hush? A rigorous search was instituted at sunrise — 11 search that was repeated for five (lays ; not u perch of ground was left uuexplored within a radius of ten miles, nevertheless this indefatigable quest proved unavailing. Mar tin, one of the smartest of onr men, appeared to have been completely lost, as if the earth lmd opened her mouth aud swallowed him up liko Korah, Diithau, and Abiram. None so keen and so eager over the pur suit of Martin us our chief ; none so irritable und impatient at the futile result of his tire less exertions. However, he was compelled to leuvo our headquarters for a week ou urgent business iu another quurter of the district, and before he set out he sent for me aud spoko to me privately. "Look here, Thompson," ho said, "you have it fairly good head on your shoulders, use your wits, aud find out what lias become of our man. If you succeed, I promise you promotion — und mind this, I shall expect to hear of Martin, dead or alive, when I return this day week. So ho up and doing." " T saluted and muttered that'! would do my best; hut inwurdly naked myself how I could hope to succeed, when line of the most ex perienced officers had failed? And yet I might by ohunee stumble on some clue ! I puzzlcd over the matter day and night, l ean conscientiously affirm that whether I rode about the neighbouring sheep runs, soonred tho bush, dragged watorholes, or lay tossing on rov cot, Martin, was nevorout of my thoughts." \- Three of the precious days hail gone by — had flown — and yet no trace of our missing comrade, '..work,', ponder, truuk as I would. At length it came to the eve of the chief's return,, and. alas, I was .no nearer promotion than when bo hud started, though I had covered miles of country, and lost whoM nights of sleep. I was utterly worn out with my fruitless quest that evening, and after a hasty meal throw myself on my cot and slept the sleep of utter exhaustion. I cannot say how long this sleep may havo lasted, but the moon wiiB shining full into the window when I was awoke by someone in heavy boots entering my room— a man — who came over and stood at the foot of lay bed, and I must confess that. I was a good deal startled when .1 recognised Martin. " Hullo !" I shouted, " where the dickens have you been? Why did you not report yourself?", - No reply — hut Ned Martin was pro verbially slow of speech. " A pretty fright you have given us — and a nice searoh we have had." I sat up and stared hard at my comrade, and noticed that he looked white and death like. His eyes, as they met mine, bad a strange lack-lustre expression— no doubt the poor chap had been nearly starved in tho bush. "What's up ?". I askod impatiently ; " why tho devil can't you speak ?" Martin was always a silent ohap, but to stand gazing at me und nevor opening his mouth, after a ten days' leave of absonco, was too much. " Where have you been ?" I repeated. At last ho answered in a low, husky voico, that sounded as if it were fur away. " Ten miles . west — Laffan's run — shep herd's hut — six yards to rear — sixfeot deep." Then he suddenly turned round, and mado' for tlio door. As Ijumpod out of bod and hurried after him, I noticed by the searching moonlight that there was a great black stain ontbehaok of his coat, just below the loft shoulder. Ho crossed the kitchen and went out, I still following him, calling nftcr him to "wait," to "hold hard," hut "even as I stood on the threshold, ho was gone — whore ? Gaze us I would, there wus not u soul to he seen, not a living thing — nothing but tlio cold weird moonDght, illuminating a vust expanse nf plain, and a few scraggy blue gum trees. I closed and baited tho door with palsied precipitation, and run buck to bed, and — yes, truth is best— covered iriy head up with the olothes und lay iu a cold sweat for what seemed to me days, my heart thumping liko a steam hammer. I had seen — a ghost. I struggled madly with an overwhelming sense of horror, but by degrees this feeling wore off. Hod it not boon a bad dream — 11 nightmare— that 1 would have forgotten by dawn ? Compelled by somo strange instiga tion, I crawled timidly out of bed, lit 11 candle and wrote down — " Ton miles west ; Luffan's run, shepherd's but, six yards to rour, six feet deop," and then crept baok between tho blankets, .whore I lay sweltering between fear and indecision. If it was a dream, what u pvetty tool I should look if I took tho men out on a tan miles wild goose abuse und "stuck up " 1111 innocent individual. Insteud of pro motion, I ran u fairly good ohunee of being dismissed from the foreo in disgrace. At one moment I resolved to havo nothing to do with the vision, nt another I decided to follow Martin's directions and to stuud my ohunee. Finally I foil asloop, determined to take no steps whatever in the matter, yet evon as I dozed, an indefinable something con tinually urged me to go to Laffan's run— a shuddering whisper seemed to say, " Hero is, your opportunity ut last ; take it." After hours of miserable hesitation, I roused the men, hut I took no one into my ooufidenoo — it was surely another voice tlinn mine, which boldly addressed my amazed comrades, 'Freparo to start for Laffan's. run in half an hour. Toko u spare horso— Martin's mnro will do — a piece of rape, u pair of huridouffe, and a oouplo of spades." . As it matter of conrse, I was a good deal ohaffed, but received all wittioiHiiiB with inflex ible composure, " l'ou seem' very sure, of your bird, boss ? Did you got the bint by telegram? I suppose Martin is oxpooting us to breakfast ?" . These arid similar remarks were made, to nil of which I turned a stolid eouiitenuiiuo and a deaf oar. To tell the truth/ 1 was very far from- oonfidont, aud though I led the party with muoh assurance at' a sharp cuntei, . iny heart was thumping fast, uud v.. .'. V S' 1 beads of perspiration broke oat upon my faori.' On the result of the noxt hour's developments depended my wholo future I I would .either bo infallibly branded as on incapable and mischievous idiot, or I should be known far and wido as ono of the cleverest detective officers in West Australia. Whioh would it be ? It was barely seven o'olock when -we sur rounded the hut, the hut I hod boon desired to eeok. Laffan's shepherd was , a tiokot of ieavo, who had boon several years on the station. His namo was Henderson. A man with a somewhat villainous expression, an impediment in his speech, and an unusually powerful frame. He was stooping ovor tho fire, engrossed in frying a bit of mutton for hie breakfast, when I entered followed by four troopers. "Hullo " ho stammered, looking hack ovor his shoulders. "What's up? Sheop stealing, or blacks? What do you waut hero?" . " I wont yon !" I answered promptly, " I arrest you," producing the handcuffs, "for tho murder of Trooper Mortin." Ho turned ori me fiercely almost ere I hsd ceased speaking, and dashed the' frying-pan ' in my face. "Handouff him," I said. "Handcuff me," struggling like a wild beast, "and for what? Where's your proof?" he stuttered. " I swear I never saw Martin ' since Christmas. You'll suffer for this— rot for it — swing for it," he screamed, whon the bracelets were looked." " What do you moan by ' etioldng up ' an innocent man, eh ? JnRt wait "till Laffan and your boss hear of it. What do I know of Martin?" ho nsked,. with a string of rare and blood-curdling oaths. " What are ye going on?" he yelled. " I was going, recklessly and trustfully, on" information received from a spirit ; and I felt desperately nervous,' as I gavo tho order for two troopers to hobble horses and fetch spades. Meanwhile, I measured with shaking hands six good yards from the baok of tiie hut, and desired the men to set to work on. the ground immediately! Tho soil was loose — a. suspicious, and, to me, encouraging sign— nevertheless tho job was by no means an easy one. When the men had dug down to a depth of five feot, I shook ss if with ague, whilst each spadeful was thrown up cn the grass, und as yet there was no sign. Suddenly one of the diggers shouted, By there's a body here.!" " And a trooper's boot," added his com rade, excitedly, Thoy noty made- a frenzied spurt, and presently called out with.-oue breath : " It's Martiu!" Then alternutoly, "He's been done for— he is deud — this ten, days." Yes, there was no doubt whatever of his identity. It was the missing roan, and my reputation was saved. . Foor Ned Martin, lis had been treacherously stubbod iu tho back and buried as he fell.- I called to tho troopers within doors to bring out the prisoner. At first I believe he struggled violently, but ultimately submitted to be oondueted to where he had interred his victim. - - He stood -motionless, and looked down into the grave ; then he raised his eyes and fnsteueil them on me. "Blast, you!" he stammered, in a low choked voice, "How did you kuow? Who told you ?" "Never you mind , who, that's my busmcus." " But not a soul saw it — not. even the dog. I lmd uu old grudge aguinst. that hound ' there."- "Mind, I caution you against saying any thing that may be used against you," I said. "You had better hold your tongue." "Hold my tongue! And to what good, when I'll have to mviug for him ? He said so. Yes. that's his revolver ; but I had not tho heart to. bury it — its. a 'beauty. But if I had my wrists free, and.it in my hand, I'd drill a few holes iu some of you ! Listen ! Martin lie como 111 to' light iris pipe, arid us he steeped over tho fire I stubbed him with a butcher's knife right-under the shoulder blade. It whs a mortal wound ; he.only said, ".You'll swing for this,' and .' Mother !' Then the blood ohoked hiin. . " After That be give up the ghost, and I dragged him out by the heels, and buried him as you see. You chiips liavo been round pretty often, und never smoked 'a case. No human eyes saw — I took good care to leave 110 trace. I loosed his mure four miles from here— rind how you know is a miracle. How did you find out?" ' I shook my head." ' . '"Maybe he told. He used 'to oome of a night, arid peer iu.'iit"kp_ window, and tho dog would howl a wful and" hide. Folks as has been put awuy lias no business to wulk." Wo buried Murtiii where we had found him, then mounted' Henderson on his nmrc, and brought him handririffed to the head station. We also fetched awsy the dog. Our party renched quurters almost simultaneously with tho arrival of the chief, and to him I formally made over ray prisouer.' Tlio ohiof was delighted ut my success, uud overwhelmed me with praise , but although I have hitherto never divulged the truth, I here frankly coufoss that I owe both praise, promotion, and all my subsequent notoriety, to the reliable information which I received from Tropper Martin's ghost. 