NEVVS FROM THE ISLANDS. brought by the moresby. massacre of the crew of a german cutter. arrest of the murderer. A COPRA STORE FIRED BY NATIVES. Tho steamer Moresby, trading under tlio auspices of Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co. 'a line, arrived yesterday morning after a cruiso through British New Guinea and New Britain, in tho Bis- marck Archipelago, Tho steamer has boon absent from Sydney since December 21st last. Sho was at Now Guinea Just after tho hurricane passed over, and traces of tho dnmago wrought by tho storm were visible from tho deck of the steamer as who cruised among the islands. Captain Wil liams states that altogether 19 vessels were cither stranded or wrecked during tho hurricane. Tho Auglicau misalon vessel Albert M'Laron was dri ven ashore, but was floated off ngain. Sho had lost a mast, and sustained other damage, but when tho Morosby left repairs wero being carried out, and it was expected that tho littlo vessel would soon bo in commission again. Among tli o passengers by the Moresby are Mr. Campbell, tbo resident magistrate in Eastern New Guinea, and Brother Leo, one of tho mis sionaries attached to the Sacred Heart Miuiion, in the Bismarck Archipelago. Tho Moresby has brought news regarding tho Sea Ghost massacre and the punishment of tho ringleader. The Sea Ghost, a 10-ton cutter, was recently chartered for the island trade. She was in charge of Captain Kolshorn, and the other members of her crew consisted of half a dozen natives recruited in the Bismarck Archipelago. Tho cutter set out from New Britain on a trading cruise. Mr. Tyndall, of Shortland Island, was the charterer, and he had lilted the vessel out with the goods for bartering with the na tives. The cutter sailed under the German tri color, and on leaving her headquarters made for the German Solomon Islands. These islands Ho just off tho British Solomons, and wero an nexed by Germany a few years ago. Tho na tives aro described as a fine race, and of good physique, but traders visiting the group aro warned to bo on their guard against possible attack, as they aro noted for being both cunning and treacherous. Whilst showing a friendly disposition to visitors, they have been known to attack traders' vessels with sudden and re markable daring, and thoro is a loog record of j.iu11ju1u uliuuililu uaiuol lul'ul. It was at one of these islands, called Booka, that tho Sea Ghost made her flrst call, and sho bad hardly readied anchorage before there was an attack on the crew by the shore natives. 1Nhe attack was so sudden that tho crow could ofTer no resistance, and all but two, who es caped, foil an easy prey to tho hatchets and spears of the savages. The natives, as usual, put off from the shoro In canoes, but in his anxiety to keep the vessel clear of tho dangerous reefs, tho captain hud not noticed that they wero swarming on board tho cutter. They appeared friendly, however, and wanted to trade with copru, which is tho sta"ple product of tho group. Cuptuin Kolshorn was descending fiom the rigging when the attack was made. It was a complete surprise for him, and being un armed, he had no possible chanco of defending himself. Ilo fell mortally wounded on deck, the body, so tho story goes, being horribly butchered. Four of tho natives mado a desperato fight, but the odds were considerably against them, and they were soon overcome. The other two natives were taken prisoners, but tbey by some means or other managed to escape. Meanwhile, the vessel had been run ashore, and, having been iooted of everything of value, sho was subsequently destroyed. The captain's body had been thrown overboard, and tbo re mains of the four natives (crew) were taken to the village for a cannibalistic feast. A report of the massacre reached New Britain in due course, and a punitive expedition', in charge of Judge Schnce, succeeded in capturing the na- tive wno was ringicaucr iii me auncit on inc un fortunate crew of the cutter. He was duly tried at Herbertshohe, before Judgo Schnee, and con demned to be hanged. The execution was ex pected to take place shortly after tho Moresby left for Sydney. Another item of news brought by the Moresby was tho destruction by fire of a storo, containing 86 tons of copra, at the Shortland Islands. Tho store, which was owned by Mr. Tyndall, is sup posed to havo been set on fire by natives. In quiries were being made with a view of bringing the culprits to justice. Great sympathy is felt for Mr. Tyndall In his misfortune. Mr, Tyndall was also tho owner of the Sea Ghost. It was intended that the Moresby should call on her prosent trip for the copra cargo which was des troyed. Tho contents of the store wero unin sured, so that Mr. Tyndall is a heavy loser by tho disaster. TracUug operations in New Britain and adjacent islands aro improving, and additional tonnage has been ordered to cope with the increasing business. It was reported when tho Moresby left that all the large firms Intended to have auxiliary vessels built for trading purposes, Messrs. ITornshoim and Co. arc importing one vessel from San Francisco, the New Guinea Company arc having one constructed in Germany, and the well-known firm of Forsyth and Co. intend having one built at Sydney. 