STAGE VETERANS. A DAY OF REMINISCENCES. REMARKABLE VARIETY ENTERTAINMENT. [Argus, February 15.] Superfluous lags the veteran on the stage." Any one who wax on boat a the steamer Hygeia yesterday on her run from Port Melbourne to Sorrento must have been satisfied that the veteran does not shy at s lag superfluous on the stage There were over a score of theatrical veterans on board the guests of Messrs Huddart, Parker, and Co Limited and they enjoyed themselves in a manner which belied Sam Johnson s " Vanity of Human Wishes There were old actors and actresses on the list of the Austin anon Dramatic and Musical Association who were stars half a century ago, whose names adorned the hoardings of Ballarat and Bendigo and Sydney and Melbourne, when the theatre goers of today were infants in their mothers arms There were men who played with such tragedians as Charles Kean and 6 V Brooke, Barry Sullivan, Walter Montgomery, and Creswick, and mummers we had smelt the footlights -for the footlights did smell in those, days with comedians of the stamp of Charles Matthews and Joseph Teller son Scarcely one of them who had not 80 winters behind them, yet they were, under the deck awning, enjoying themselves like children - Hamlets, Othello's, Alacbeths, Rob Roy's, Rory O Mores, Jack Shepherds, Beau Blum mel Is, Christy minstrels, on cus clowns, tight rope dancers, and all the rest of them-all of a generation long since forgotten excepting by each other And how they danced and sang, those stage v veterans of the long forgotten forties and told each other stones, and bowed and scraped to the ghosts of past successes, as each came forward to favour the company with an item And what rivalries and jealousies, too ' ' When I played Bottom to 6 V Brooke, said one old crony, as he shouted before an imaginary well filled house, the audience ' Ah, Terry, interrupted a rival. " ye were allus playm' bottom to somebody Leading parts were t in your line Good for you, Thomas, comes the rejoinder, good naturedly , " but what a mighty fine ass Bottom had when you came on " It is amusing with what contempt these veterans look upon the stage heroes of the present To them the stage of the later end of the century has lost the genius that once marked it. There are no Barry Sullivan's or G V Brookes now, and no Teffersons 01 Matthews " The audiences of to day, sold I quines one don't care tuppence for the legitimate They would rather see a horse on the stage any time than a man If Shakespeare came to Melbourne, they would t go to see him unless he came on with a comic song or played I solos on an electric organ If Barry I Sullivan wanted a billet his only hope would be as leading villain in a motor drama ' One veteran was a pioneer circus proprietor, and when he was introduced to Captain Patrick, of the Hygeia, he happened to give his origin as Scotch. " Ye needn't tell me that," said the captain, wringing his hand right heartily " Why. I'm Scotch myself. "Then, maybe ye remember, Dundee ? " said the once active acrobat. "That an' I do," said the other, " and Cook's circus comin' to the town, when Frank-rode horses through the market-place on his benefit day. That was fifty years last December." " Yes ; fifty year, indeed," said the old acrobat, " for I am Frank-, and remember that day as I remember yesterday." It was a time for reminiscences and the revival of long dead rivalries. There were spicy stories of actors and actresses, all dead and forgotten now ; of rich squatters and fair women, and of a Royal duke who came this way once, and who is gratefully remembered for his condescension and the occasions with which his name is linked. " When the Duke came to my dress- ing-room," a harlequin observed, " what do you think His Royal Highness did ?" The question was a startler, for Royal dukes did such strange things in foreign parts. The veterans looked at each other and winked, as if to say, " I knew Jimmy would spring the Duke on us." The questioner, taking a long breath, resumed : - " His Royal Highness knocked." " Goodness I " exclaimed half-a-dozen, " imagine a duke knocking." The other went on heedless :-" Yes. when he had knocked twice I called out, Is that you, Alf ? '-the call boy's name was Alf-and he answered, ' It's only me. Jimmy,' and in steps the Duke just as I was." It was on the return trip that the old chaps were seen at their best. Mr. Bell Jackson, of the Old Colonists' Association, entertained them at afternoon tea, and they grew jolly under the influence of the "cup that cheers." Each appeared to fancy himself or herself before the footlights once again, with the plaudits of the audience ringing in their ears, and with what spirit and vigour did they cater to the amuse- ment of those who stood around. It was a unique gathering of star artists, making their " positively last appearance on the stage." With that solemnity they rose one after the other and bowed. There was a columbine who, tradition said, had paralysed the bald heads of the forties, when we who are now said, were children. There were no flowers from circle or stalls when she sat down ; no billet done, no little supper ; yet it was no barren triumph, for did not her husband sing with ever so much feeling as the gay old octogenarian ogled Tier over his banjo, to the words, sweetly and tunefully : Nobody's darling but mine, dear, Fondly and truly I'm thine, Sure I never could hurt thee. Pride of my heart, while I live. Perhaps this was the only sentimental contribution to a programme that was full of mirth and minstrelsy, and brought rounds of applause from an audience of appreciative and demonstrative deadheads. It came to the low comedian's turn. He opened with the gags which were new half a century back, when Ballarat was in its infancy. Be addressed his banjo accompanist as " Atonsewer " and " Professor," and appealed to the indulgence of the " from chairs." One rare old daddy gave " Christmas a la Mode in glamorous." He was 85, he said, yet his faculties were bright and clear, and his|eaunciation faultless. He began : I saw a lady up a street that leads to Drury-lane, She held her head between her hands and seemed to be in pain ; She had two black eyes, a broken nose, and bruises half a score, She sat and moaned upon a step beside an open door. What is up with you? I said, You seem to be in grief. She answered with a sigh, " We have been keeping Christmas, sir, I And Bill has blacked my eye." A ballet master of the fifties next favoured the company. Before rising he took occasion to observe that he was " 79 years if he was a day, and the oldest dancing-master in the colonies." This assertion was instantly challenged by a rival, but the challenge passed un- heeded, with the remark that William knows what he's talkin' about." The exhibition which followed was extremely graceful and in perfect time, though some of the flourishes towards the finish were delivered with a total absence of that vigour which marked the opening past There was dancing in those days, and no mistake," said William, as he fought for breath of returning to his seat. " What you see now isn't dancing at all it's only leg-acrobatics. Every lady used to pride herself on her steps ; now there's nothing but larrikin assemblies One veteran whose antics kept the company in good humour had played leading juvenile parts at Melbourne theatres in the earlier half of the century. He had also been a tight-rope dancer and a leading burnt-cork artist. He produced a set of bones which had awakened the echoes in many a mining camp 40 years ago ; and he handled them on this occasion in such a way as to suggest that he was still open to an engagement Sitting on a form together, exchanging pleasantries, were the clown, harlequin, and the columbine of an 1846 Melbourne pantomime. It was the harlequin who was heard singing, as the ship came within sight of the pier : Bad luck cannot be prevented, Let fortune smile or frown, They're best off what's contented , To mix with the ups and down. 