ANGLICA.N CHURCH. IT'S EABLY HISTORY. FIFTH ADDRESS. " In the Name of the Father, and of the SOD, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." That period of history to which wo now come, being much fuller in the records preserved, will require carelul treatment. A most remarkable fact, however, stands ever persistently and prominently before us, and it is tliiBr^no single record of those times has yet teen discovered, bearing equal date, in which any suggestion is made, much less any proof asserted, that ihe church at the closing period of the Reformation was a new church; or, indeed, anything in matter of fact, but the same genuine, true, and ancient institution that had existed in all the agCB past, us the Rational Church, alway designated by the familiar and honored title—Church of England. IS'ot to later suggestions and insinuations do M C turn, but to tbe actual record of fucts set forth at the time tliey transpired. On such argument as this, contemporary evi leiice, our very faith inust rest. (See St. .li.lui six—35 anil xxi-24, and Acts 1, 22, etc., etc.) That which at the time was accepted and believed is the true; that which, ages after, was asserted, when all possibility of testing the assertion had ceased to exist, we cannot trust. Thus, if in the days of the Tudors we can find no trace of the invention of a new Church of Kngland and iind not :i sign of such a statement for two hundred years afterwards, we are not going to believe accounts written or stated at Hut time, if contrary to the living and preserved testimony of the days in which these events were enacted. Our opponents must produce better evidence before we can JisU-n to, much less believe, them. We knew the truth, and on the truth we stand. Very much of the history of the Reformation Period must cf necessity be omitted, but no page of this history is without its own particular lesson. As we have seen the rise of the vast power, 60 now we trace the decline of the domination of Rome in England. William 1 lii-st admitted a legate; Henry I gave away I he right of appointing bishops ; King Stephen allowed of appeals to Rome; Henry 11 per- mitted the clergy to be free from tue civil or secular law; John fell lower still aud held the kingdom ou payment of a tax to the Pope; Henry III allowed absent foreign men to receive the revenues of livings aud bishoprics, who never put a foot on linglish soil; aud so we might continue the dark story of encroachment and usurpation. Vet, brethren, with all this, each and every king, while giving way on one or another point, as (irmly protested on other important points. Not one would abandon the nationality of the Church. It was all through tuesc many years, the Church of Kngland,aud kings and archbishops, each one inanitaiiieil this character We are now at the time when the first Tudor, Henry Vll., is near his end, and looking out over Lurope we iind the state of things making ready for the Reformation. Maximilian I. was the Jiiuporcr ol the West, Louis ALL. was Ring of France, Ferdinand King of Spain, Emanuel the Great Ring of lortugal, Alexander VI. was Bishop of Rome; Pius 111. succeeded him. but he only lived for thirty days after being made "Pontifex Maxim us," and then cauie Julius If. On England's throne was Henry VII. and in St. Duustan's chair sat Archbishop William Wareham. All these historical figures arc grouped before us as we look at tne central fact. Rome's overthrow in England. Jf we cau trace the Hand of God in the wanderings of the l6iaelites we can as clearly see that same Hand in the guiding of our church and people out of the wilderness of ignorance, darkness, superstition, and idolatry, into the laud of knowledge, light, faith, and true worship. What led to the Reformation wo have seen, not the love of change, the desire for novelty, but the strong, unquenchable revolt against the secular aud spiritual domination of Rome. In the year 1503 the Bishop of London was > translated to the See of Canterbury. The new Archbishop, William VVareJwm, though a learned man, did not do much for the church by his knowledge, as he did by extending his patronage and support to others worthy of note. He was less papal than Morton and Kemp, and more liberal than Arundel or Courtney, and this action of his was paving the way for work that others took up and carried out. It is remarkable that the first rude blow to the superstitious rife in those days should have been struck by a Romanist (lieeton's dictionary.) Born at Rotterdam on 28th Oct, 14t7 (Univ. Infor., pp, 612), Erasmus grew to be be on.- of the most acute scholars of the times. Ho knew of, what he spoke He testifies (hat which he had #een, for ho was educated amongst monks aud canons, knew four "religious" houses and yet learned withal to heartily dgspise the wholo system (Canon Perry, L'h. Hist., pp. 4U6). So greatly was he reverenced by his church that lie was buried in Basle Cathedral iu 1536. So that we are not. speaking of an enemy of the Eomau Church, but one whom (hat church honors. He never broke with Rome though he exposed the folly and ignorance of the times. Coming to England he made the friendship of the- Archbishop and the Dean of St Paul's, Dr. John Colet. The latter, a man of intense earnestness and learning, greatly impressed Erasums. In ins "Dialogues of Lucian," 1603, and his " Knconiutn Morice" and "Colloquies," Erasmus does more to ateist forward the Reformation than perhaps any at that time in England. Wareham's other friend was Dean Colet, who, impressed with tb^feeling of the moral debasement around him, made it his life's work to induce the study of God's Word. His teaching attracted great attention. Wareham defended him when charged with heresy. Thus he gained power, aud drew to him veiy earnest spiritually-minded men. You will notice that 'he spirit of tbe Reformation was slowly but surely working upwards. Dignitaries of the Church listened and learned; .deans, canons, professors, doctors, and bishops, were now under the' great influence. Archbishop Wareham, if not an actual reformer himself, yet defended those who were. Erasmus, by his unrivalled satire and keen wit, used with crushing force flgmnst the powers that then were, the (towers of raperetituin/avorice, and ignorance; and Colet, with his high spirituality and sincere devotion, eaehin their own sphere worked for the good of the people aud advancing Reformation. For lack of time it would be impossible to mention even the names of those who were connected with this movement, for not in one part only but through thewholc land the work was going on. The whole of Europe was at this tamo feeling the strong puliation of a new life. Reformation was first demanded in the ceutre of the Roman Communion itself. Efforts agan and again were made by individuals, and even Pops themselves. Then cardinals, bishops, nbbTts, and, greater still. Councils of the Church *!i felt the need of a new life in the Church. All tried and, up to that time, all failed. God destined that England should, in His merry, hare tbe foremost place, through her Church, in bringing light and pbtrtfi9 tbt M»jf tfmmm position she still maintains. Even iu Spain, for a time, Papal authority was abolished (Dr. Pinnock's Ch. His. p 151), and the.Emperor made war on the I'ope, Clement VII, and imprisoned the so-called "Yiear of Christ" in the Castle of St.- Angclo. If the Bishop of Homo was always the loved and the lovable, how came it tp pass that every kingdom under his government, his -enlightened ai:d bcncficent rule, luts in turn rcvoted against him ? I say this' solemnly, not sarcastically, but with a sincere desiro for information. It is not in humau nature to repel aud revolt against love. This is the holy power that will subdue the world. Man is born to detest aud abhor oppression and tyranny, and the sad truth is that it was not the love of Itomc to tlieni that made peoples of different tongues and nationalities leaguo themselves uudcr ouc banner against her. 'Germany and France, Austria and Spain, the Netherlands aud Sweden, Norway and Portugal, and now Italy herself— Italy, where Rome stands revealed—all in turn have lifted up their hands against this power. It is a clear fact iu history that no nation, being Christian, has revolted against its own faith, exccpt in countries under the dominion of Papalisin. Kvcn now-—Christian peoples are at rest religiously—Turkey, Persia, India, China, ami others have no religious wars of revolt, but turn your eyes on the lurid pages of history written in blood; and trace the deatli roll of those who righteously lifted up their arms for faith and freedom in those lauds subjected to Rome. The sight- is sickening. The cry of innocent blood still ascends, and thcpoiver that so often crushed is feeling ihnt crushed condition herself. The word of the Christ is being fultillcd. " With the same measure that ye meet wiihal, it shall be measured to you again." (St. Luke vi. 3S.) So the work went on iu England. Light was comin". It is not my intention to enter into any discussion of the acts of that extremely Popish King, Henry Vlll. He did so very litile to help the Keformation of the Church, which was purely u spiritual matter, that we need spend no time on ono who by his very deeds proves himself to have been a lionianist to the en of his life were he not a central tigure of the times. We are well aware from other sources that he is 'looked upon as the father of the Cuurch of England. I can faintly imagine tbe towering rage the bluff king would manifest could he only hear members of his own church speak and write of him as they do. Their heads would not be joiuei to their bodies for another day. For argument sake, and that alone, I accept the absurd stateineut only to give a rejoinder. If Henry VIII. is, as we are so constantly told by men who ought to know at least the outlines of history, the great reformer, d es it not prove a disastrous mid powerful weapon against themselves. Docs it not pro. e clcarer that any fact in history that lie, bad as he was, unprincipled and despotic, felt tiiat the people needed a better faith, a purer creed, a holier system, a higher worship tnan that offered to him in his own communion, and so he devised in tiis own Ueart such a church form and government that stands to-day without an equal ou the fa'o of the earth. Again our opponents are in a lix. If they accept Henry V'iJl. they are welcome to him. ,Hg. would make a capitalj henchman to Prfpe Alexander VI., or if they retuse him and say ho started us going, it proves that even poor Henry Vlll. did not deem his and tueir church wortu preserving, winch of the two will they accept? No my trjends do not for a moment listen to the wild nonsense these sort of people write aud talk. It is not history but liction.' Henry VIII. continued tue acts of his predecessors, aud more effectually, that is all. William 1, Henry I., Henry III., Edward i, Edward 111., Henry .V., Richard II. and others asserted the freedom of the seeular power in our free land of England, uud Henry Vlll. garo a power to his enactments that others lucked, and so~ brought in a temporal reformation for the Stale. This is the only way in which we can account for Henry Vlll. inventing the Church of England. Surely, if the Roman Communion was not good enough for him, it must have been very bad indeed. What do our objectors say to this V At the same time, without the power of the king aud state to support it, there was at work a spiritual reformation. 1'his was left to spiritual |lowers to guide, l'ue Church, as free as the State, worked out her own emancipation, and east off the gross burden of superstition and the load of ignorance. The cause of Henry breaking free from the temporal power of Rome (as is so well known that we need not dwell upon it) was the-mattcr of his divorce from t^ueen Catherine of Arragon in order.to marry Atinc Holey n. iheru.was no cause against tue ^ueeu herself, whose ashes now repose in tne stately tomb of Peterborough Catuedrul. WJicn Peterborough wus doomed to destruction someone suggested to Henry that the body of Queen Catherine should be removed and he ought to ierect a tomb for. her. Said Henry: "I will not build her a tomb, I will lea"e her oue," and by his order the wonder- ful building was allowed to reuiaiu intact. We may well be thankful that the (jueen was buried there. Henry desired Anne Uoleyn, and have her be would, and so in England he found those who would work his will. We know that Henry, when only 12 years of.ag., was betrothed to Catherine, aud she had'previously been the wife of hu brother, Prince Arthur, when he was only 16, and in five months lie died. Rut Catherine seems to have had nothing wrong laid to tier charge, aud indeed Henry had acknowledged her his Quceirfor 18 years. . This refusal cf the Pope to grant a divorce led to Henry breaking with. Rome, aud declaring hiiuself head of Ohurclf uud States-but, note, there was no Reformed Church yet established. There was ik> final settlement till the days of Queen Elisabeth, hence it comes to pass that he- was the head, not of the Reformed Church of England, but head of the Romau Church thcu dominant in the land, This fact is always omitted when these events are mentioned by our opponents. Nevertheless, there being no other church; he was head of tliat which then existed, which undoubtedly was the thrall of Rome. By the strict enforcement of the Statute of Pi-ovisors, the profits and 'power of Rome wore cut off. (See Hume His. Eng. page &SV;). Heury was not u man to temporise. What he meant he said, and that wtuch hesaid he did, and did it quickly. OHO after another pose in favor and fell. Queens nud councillors, bishops and barons, all felt the power of his hand, lie would destroy one for reading the Bible, as he did Anue Askew; and. anotlieg for not believing in Die supremacy of the King, as he did Thomas Moore, Anne Boleyn favored the Reformation, and'the Romanirts, as the Duke of Norfolk aud many others, rejoiced at her fall s but tho great work was leavening .the masB of the people. Printing now came to the aid of the,Truth. The Utblc was freely circulated, and ordered to be set up in all cliuri'hcK, and that (hose who would might resort to it and read it. (Hume, Eng. Hie., pago 272). The books beforo them were printed at Antwerp and secretly brought tj England. The bishops gave private orders that all the copies that could be found were to be bought and then the tiibles wore fqbljty bufwwi fo Wwfuide. "ty tlup, silly measure," sayaHutne, " they supplied Tyudalc with mouej and enabled him to print a new and eorrect cdition of his work." —Viile «u/ier. It must !)? confessed that ouc cannot look with anything b|iL strong disfavor and eveu contempt on much 4hat Crarimer. did. One would much rather have a' lion- hearted -Wujjh Latiner or earnest Nicplas Ridley. StillsDranmer was put into a position of grea&Mfougcr; and difficulty, as Archbishop of Canterbury' and ho protectt'd i the reformers and spread the truth as -far as he was able. Reformation, in some minor matters only, was effected.in Henry's reign. Books of religious nature were published and portion* of the church ^service rendered into the common tongue. We must regret that the noble buildings our. forefather erected were in many instances destroyed and ruins to-day attest their bt-auty and grandeur. Undoubtedly the church had picked out the eyes of she country and exercised a largo monopoly iu land aud income. Her wealth was enormous, aud those who had the spendidg thereof, ill many cases, absolutely worthless creatures, We,; know,, from preserved records, that in souie instances the religious houses, monasteries,' and abbeys, were a-disgrace to any community ; in othci 1 cases no evil is recorded- There , can be JIO exeuito made for these crimes of Henry- Vlll., such wholesale wrong was unequalled in history, arjd "yet all this evil against the Roman Church) then all powerful, for as yet the reformed church was not acknowledged, wus committed" by .me of the most earnest Romanists that,fiver sat on the throne, and not by the.reformers. No non Popish Xing would have dared to do what this Papist did. I have been careful to give you so much of this king's life ill purpose to show you ho.w silly and untrue, are those nssertious, made oMato, by those who ought to know better. Do the '"Six Arlicless" of Henry display any reforming spirit? Do his frequent appeals to the Pope, Clement Vll., betray a leaning towards Reformation principles ! J Was it the act of a reformer to write down the Protestant Information iu Germany for which he received the proud distinction, " Fidei defensor." from Pope Leo X.? (By the way, this title, which is on all the coins of the realm as a chief title of our monarchs. was withdrawn from Henry Vlll. by the Pope, but confirmed anew by Act of parliament, so that it is not now a Papal title iu any way. (Pinnock, Ch. His., pp. 150) Were those tho acts of a Protestant kin,; that sent so many profefesors of the Keformed faith to prison aiid to death. True, indeed, he sehj; many Uomanists thither as well, but.tluit is,JIO proofhe-was a Reformer. And. -lastly,- when HeTn-y llnty rant lay dead, he left in his willlXJ(Ji»a year to be paid for saying manses for hl« soul daily. Did a Reformer, as we understand the word in these addresses, ever do such an absurb thing as that? (See Cassell's Ens;. Hist., page 2i)7.) Some time before he died he heard mass daily, and was coiitinuiliy attended by his confessor. His last ivorus were "All is tost!" Quite true. No.-U'i! my friends, we must leave Henry to remain iu that Church iu which he lived and died, the Church of Kmue. He renounced the P<tpe, but retained, so far as he h.id faith in anything, the Pope's religion. Under the rule of this Ring, but without his direct assistance, the flow of Heformation Iffe went on. Checked hero und encouraged there, yet still growing in sirength, preparing for the fulncKs <>f the time wueu the last remnant of Papalism was to give place to the clearness of Cotliolic Faith. 