NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES A successful operation qn a lion takes a clever and a plucky surgeon to perform. Thp"Brit!sh Alodlenl jqurnril'' gives an excit ing account qf n thrilling experience by Pro fessor. Gustavo Plseptl, of the University of I'crtigln, who has recently operated on a lioness for catnract. The animal was placed In ri suitable cage In the -middle of the me nagerie, and the first dlfilculty was the ad ministration of au anaesthetic. The 'Inter vals between the -bars of tbe cage were filled wltli cotton -wool, nnd a packet pf gauze Impregnated with choloroforin was plac'ed In tho'engo. In a quarter ot an hour the patient -wns lying, stretched out, appa rently In a condition of coma. She was then dragged out of the cage and bound and gagged, but when placed on a table she sud denly awoke, and struggled violently, roll ing on to the floor, where the -medical men, "With admirable coolness, hut not 'without Intense 'emotion, whlph might easily be seen In their countenances," held her down wldle tho animal's head was wrapped In ri towel steeped -In sulphuric ether. The lioness, however, managed to free herself from the gag, nnd partly front her bonds, and gave a roar, which made . the majority of the' spec- tators -beat a hasty retreat. But the cthpr overcame her, and Professor risenM \yltli great pluck dragged -her Into the cage again, where the quicsthetlc coup de grace was given by lupnns of another piece of gauzp steeped in cholorofprni. The beast's heal was pulled out through the door of' the cage and securely held in position. Professor Pisontl then operated -with brilliant success. A novelty was introduced nt a bazaar In CInelnnattl. Several Indies, . to the number of some dozens, volunteered to submit to be hugged and kissed by any man who chose tQ pay for tiie privilege. A tariff was drawn up; 10 c. for unmarried lady, 15 c. for mar ried lady, and 25 c. for widow. Tlic men had to bo blindfolded. One of the blindfolded men, John Reynolds, paid his 15 c., and ap! pronckhig the married women cnught hold of the opo right before hlm! aud led her out and kissed and hugged her most bois terously, and evidently cqjoyed himself Im mensely. Wlieu the bandage was removed front Ills eyes he found that the lady locked In his arms was his wife. Furiously he de: mandod Ills money back, nnd, this being re fnscd, be smashed some of the furniture, Ricked pvor several tables ou which goods were displayed for sale, jitid behaved like a maniac. Then the police were cailed In, and It toqk two ot 'them to subdue him. 4t Grps, In Styrla, on 26t-h Jnne, Slgnof Merlghl, an Italjan neronntit, ascended in his balloon to a height of considerably" over lO.OQO feet, whep the -balloon burst suddenly and fell. At a distance qf abopt' 40 ' feet from tliq onrtli Sl'gnor Merjghi threw lUm- se|f. out of the car. He broke one leg, and WPS taken HP i|nco||scloiis, but liylng, nnd was -tnkeu to a hospital! ' During bis fall he wrote on -a paper, found Iq the car:— "Am dying epnteut'cdl, having reached my toriii." Sllgnov Merlghl stated that at tiie helglit of iluOO .metrps thq' bril'loori suddenly swelled to nn enormous size, -'iin'd though ite Immediately qpened the veutiliitbr, jt buys't with n '.tremendous crash, aud was rent open from -top to bottom. It formed, however, a kind of dome, which served as a para chute in the tremendous fall that followed.: An extraordinary case was tried at Win chester, England, qp 26fh June. Hpnry Sut ton, a marine, - aged 18, of one yearis ser vice, was clinrgcd with shooting, with iu- tent to murder, AUrecl- Yfflentlne D.qyls, : jt lauce-corpqral. Accused was on .sentry' gp nt Fortoit barracks on 24th Jariu'nry ' from nihl nlglit till 2 a.m., and when Davis. came round with the relief party, Sutton tamq-> dlately opened lire on tliem wltli ball cart ridge, firing four rounds. Davis was shot in the head nud thigh. Prisoner, pu being risked for , an explanation of his conduct', said itp difl not knovv -why -he did (t, for he had no ill foqllpg nga|iisj: anyone. Dtir|np the inquiry It -transpired that there liad lieeri. a ghost scare 'at Grispbrt In'icoimection wltji the barracks; and -the plea npw put forward for the defernm was th(it, baring heard, oidcr'soi'd'iei'sj-'ghbi't stories! The' acciised 'lie'' cniiic iiun'erved, lience bis rash rllle prac tice. ' The Jury found him' "guilty" of un lawful wouwlllig, but, considering that hip action was prompted by .fright, recommend ed hint to -mercy. Air. Justice Wright libe rated -Sutton on -Ills own recognisances. At Leicester, oil 28th June, a boy naniefl Albert Strettpn, was -romnuded for a week on -the dhnrgo pf causing the death of an other hojrj -nampd Sn'mu'cl 'ly-hite Clark, aged 14, on -tho proyious erenlng, In singular cir cumstances! The orldence showed that flhe accused and tho deceased arranged tp light, rind adjourned to a field for the purpbsq. Haying stripped and eqmmonced, tiie pri soner butted .-ills henfl -twice into his oppq- nent's stotuabli. .! Both fell, and deceased complained that ho fplt bafl qn'fl li'ad a Uefifl- ache. The accused, however, resumed jt fighting attitude, whereupon the dcceitsejl got pri rind -roriumod the .struggle. .The prisoner bilked him. a third- time, and hp then falute'd away and expired befqrc med|-. cal attention could be secured. "Prince Edward of York, our .King, to be,!' Is. the sulijcct of the first article In the "Lady!s Realm" for July, a-nd concerning hint there arc one or two nntus|ng Incidents told. The Royal nursery, it secrits, is nqt without skirmishes between tbq tvyb young Princes, who arp evenly matched in tiie mat;, ter of spirit. Prince Edward makes 'the most of his slight seniority, but Trince Al bert. has no Idea of accepting tiie p|ncp of- younger squ when it Is a question of t-iiiiugou it roc'kjng hprse.- Quo day tfie DnchessofYprk' was quite s-hoekod, on entering t-|;e ii|iiyery, to find the two young Princes i'hitvlng it out'' In proper style, arid was About to linve thein punished, -liut the : Duke said, "Oh/ let tliem fight it, qijt; they will make tbe .better men for it." . ft. Is customary for the Roya) ehii- dren to kiss the Queen's hand and not her cheek. . But Prince Eil-ward objected to tli(s arrangement, arid declined to fall in withTt! One day be -hoard , two of tfie spryanfs pfiqgk-. ing abqpt "Iter Alajesty." "I know who 'lier Alajesty' Is,? said Prince . Edward; "it's 'Granny.' ' "And who. was. jl|e nangbty little Prince who would not kiss li|s Grnij-' uy's hand?" "It was me," said Pi-iitco Edward, unabashed, "and' I ' nip not' g6ipg fb Itls's Grnnuyis hnnfl.'' 'Now, of course, bpiug, ' five yenrs old, nud consldbrlng himself quite n big bpy, Prince Edwiirfl kisses the Queen's hand In the most approved fashion, nnd dpffs his enp quite prettily jybbg In -her Majesty's pres ence. A report by Miss Collet on the money wages pf indoor domestic servnpts Is issued by the Brltls! Board of Triple Labor depnrf- -uierrt. The number of women and giris so employed ty-ns stated in the ispl cerisus tp be 1,748,045, so that domestic service Is nqt only the largest women's industry, but the largest single Industry for e|tker men or wo- iijeti. The ityoyago ijjqney n'nges pf domes tic seryriiits is £17 10/ lit London, £15 10/ flp t-he rest of Epglaufl and Wales, and £17 6/ In the thi-ee principal Scqttis|i towns. - The aboye figures merely represent money wages, cxplusjyo of allowances, which It has been fqiinfl Impossible tp classify or reduce tq n money equivalent. As in the case qf tips, Christmas boxes and perquisites gener ally, -these cannot be dealt with statlstlc- nlly. AL Huret, In his recent monograph on Sarah Bernhardt, thus retells, without men tioning names, the story of Sarah and the parsou: — "One day Madame Bernhardt hap pened to enter a Protestant church, mid beard tbe minister denounce her ns an 'imp pf darkness, a female demon sent from the modern Baliylon to corrupt the new world.' Before flhe tjny was over the clergyman re ceived this note: — 'Aly dear Confrere,— "Why -attach me so violently? Actors ought not to be liard ou one nuotkor. — Snrnb Bern hardt.! !! The preacher who assailed |ter was the Rev. de Y'ltt Talniagp. The mine owners of Cploradq have altered their original Intention' of sending to tlic Paris exhibition u gold model of Pike's Peak Mountain, wprtli . 1,000,000 dpI.They have subscribed -that amount, but will convert |t into n l|fe size figure of a typical American girl' cast' In virgin gold. ! 