Our Tuesday's Tale. A FIGHT WITH A GHOST. 'No, I never believed much in ] ghosts,'- said the - doctor. " But 11 was always rather afraid of them." ' Have you ever seen one ?' asked j one of the other men. The doctor took his cigar from j his mouth and contemplated the j ash for a moment or two before j replying. I have had some rather ] startling experiences, he said after 1 a pause, during which the rest of us exchanged glances; for the doc tor has seen many things, and is not i adverse to talking about them in J congenial company. ' Would you j care about hearing one of them ? ; It gives me the cold shivers now to speak of it.' We nodded, and the doctor, taking a sip as an antidote to the shivers began : 'You remember George Carson, who played for the 'Varsity some years ago; a big chap, with a light moustache. Well, I saw a good j ideal of him before he married,] —he was reading for the Bar in town. It was just after be became ] engaged to Miss Sfconor, who is now j Mrs. Carson—last Christmas bat one, in fact—that he asked me to go down to a place which'bis people had taken in the country. Miss Stonor was to be there, and he wanted me to meet her. I could not go down for Christmas Day, as I had promised to be with my people. But as I had been working a bit too hard and wanted a few days' rest I decided to turn over the pick of the influenza and Christ mas indigestion to a man who often devils for me, and run down for a few days about the New Year. ' Woodcote was a pleasant enough place to look at. There were two packs of hounds within easy dis tance, and it'was not far enough from a station to cut you off com pletely from the morning papers. The Carsons had been lucky, I thought, in coming across such a good bouse at a moderate figure. For,'as George told me the owner had been obliged to go abroad for bis health, and was anxious not to leave the place empty all the winter. It was an old house, with big gables and preposterous corners all over the place, and you couldn't walk ten paces along any of the passages without tumbling up or down stairs. But it had been patched from time to time, and among other improvements a big billiard room had been built out at the back. A country house in the winter without a billiard-room, when the frost stops hunting, is just—well not even a gilded prison. The party was a small one; besides George and his father and mother, there jvere only a couple of Miss Carsons, who, being somewhere in the early teens, didn't count, and . Miss Stonor, who, of course, counted a good deal, and, lastly, myself. ' Miss Stonor ought to have been happy, for George Carson, besides being an excellent fellow ail round, was by no means a bad match, being an only son with considerable expectations. But somehow or other she did not strike me as look ing either very well or very happy. She gave me the impression of having something on her mind, which made her alternately nervous and listless. George, I fancied, noticed it, and was puzzled by it, for I caught him several times watching her with an anxious and inquiring look; but as I was not there as a doctor, of course it was no business of mine, though I dis covered the reason before I left Woodcote. ' The second night after my arri val—we had been playing, I remem ber a family pool—tbe rest had gone upstairs to bed. George and I ad jr.arned to a sort of study which he had arranged upstairs for a final smoke and chat before turn ing in. The study was next to bis bedroom, and parted oC-from it by curtains. As we were settling down I missed my pipe, and remem bered that I had laid it down in the billiard-room. On principle I never smoke another man's pipe ; so I lit a candle, the house being in darkness, and started away in search of my own. The house looked awfully weird by the flicker - ing light of a solitary candle, and the stairs creaked in a particularly guesome way behind me, just for all the world as though someone were following at my heels. I found my,- pipe where I had ex pected in the billiard-room, and came back in a little more hurry than was necessary. Which, per haps, explains why I * stumbled in I the uncertain light over a couple of unforseen stairs, and dropped my candle. Of course it went out, but after a little groping I found it. Having no matches with me I was obliged to feel my way along the banisters, for it was as dark that I could not see my hand in front of me: And as I slowly advanced, sliding my hand along the broad balustrade at my side, it suddenly slid over something cold and clammy which was not balustrade at all; for, stopping dead, and closing my fingers round it for an instant, I felt that I was holding another hand, a skinny, bony hand, which writhed itself slowly from my grasp. And though I could hear nothing! and see notbing, I was yet conscious that something was brushing past me and going up the stairs. ' Hi—what's that ? Who are you ?' I called. * There was no answer.' ' I admit that I was in a regular funk. I must have shown it in my face,' ' What's the matter ?' asked George,as I blundered into his study. ' Oh, nothing' I answered,' drop ped my candle and lost the way.' * But who were you talking to V ' I was only swearing at the candle,' I replied. "Oh ! I thought perhaps you had seen—somebody,' replied George. Somehow I did not like to tell him the truth for fear he would laugh at my nervousness. But I determined to keep an eye on my liver, and take a couple of weeks' complete rest. That night I woke up several times with the feeling of that confounded hand under my own —r a clammy hand which writhed as my fingers closed upon it. The next morning after break fast I was in the billiard-room prac tising strokes while Carson was over at the stables. Presently the door opened, and Miss Stonor looked in. ' Come in,' I said, 4 George will be back from the stables in a few minutes. Meanwhile we can have fifty up.' ' I wanted to speak to you,' she said. She was looking very tired and ill, and I began to think I should not have an uninterrupted holiday after all. ' Do you believe in ghosts ?' she asked, having closed the door and come up to the table, where she stood leaning with both her hands upon it. ' No/ I replied, missing an easy cannon as I remembered my ex perience of last night, but I believe | in fancy. j ' And, supposing then that a per- j son fancied he saw things, is there | any remedy ?' 'What do you mean Miss Stonor ?' I replied, looking at her in some surprise. ' Do you mean that you fancy ?' I stopped; for Miss Stonor turned away, sat down on one of the easy chairs by the wall and burst into tears. ' Oh 1 Please help me!' she sob bed, 11 believe I am going mad.' I laid down my cue and went over to her. ' Look here. Miss Stonor,' I said, taking her hand, which was hot and feverish; £ am a doctor, and a friend of George. Now, tell me all about it, and I'll do my best to set it right.' She was in more or less hysteri cal condition, and her words were freely punctuated by sobs. But gradually I managed to elicit from her that nearly every night since she came to Woodcote she had been awakened in some mysterious way, and had seen a horrible face looking at her from over the top of the screen which stood by the door of her bedroom. As soon as she moved the face disappeared, which convinced her that the apparition existed only in her imagination. That seemed to distress her even more than if she had believed it to i be a genuine ghost, for she thought I her brain was giving way. I I told her that she was only suf- j fering from a very common symp- j torn of nervous disorder, as indeed it is, and promised to send a groom into the villiage to get a prescrip tion made up for her. And, having made me promise to breathe no word to anyone on the subject, i more especially to George, she went away relieved. Nevertheless, I was not quite certain that. I had 1 made a correct diagnosis of the case, You see I had been rather upset l myself not many hours before. George was longer than I had ex pected at the stables, and I was just going to find him when at the j door I met Mrs. Carson, j ' Can you spare me one moment ?' she said, as I held open the door for I her. ' I wanted to find you alone.' ' Certainly, Mrs. Carson, with j pleasure; an hour if you wish,' I \ replied. j ! * It is so convenient, you know, j to have a doctor in the house, she I said, with a nervous laugh. ' Now, j I want you to prescribe me a sleep- j ing draught. My nerves are rather j out.of order, and—and I don't sleep i as I should,' S ' Ah,' I said. ' Do you see faces j —and such like things when you ! awake?' * j * Ho do you know ?' she asked quickly. ' Oh, I inferred from the other symptoms. We doctors have to observe all kinds of little things.' ' Well of course, I know it is ; only fancy; but is just as bad as if ; it were real. I assure you it is ' making me quite ill; and I didn't ' dike to mention it to Mr. Carson or George. They would think I was losing my head.' I gave Mrs. Carson the same ! prescription as I had written for Miss Stonor, though hy that time ! the conviction bad grown upon me ; that there was something wrong which could not be cured by medi- j cine. However, I decided to say ! inothing to George about the matter j at present. For I could hardly < utilise the confidence which had : been placed in me by Miss Stonor j and Mrs. Carson. And ray own ' experience of the night before , would scarcely have appeared con vincing to him. But I determined j that on the next day—which was Sunday—I would invent an excuse for staying at home from church and make some explorations in the house. There was obviously some mystery at work which wanted clearing up. (To be concluded in next Tuesday's issue.) 