CHAPTER II. Barbara was mixed up with a love*; affair of her uncle's younger days, and she knew all about it, and de lighted iu it. The story had been told to her by Dr. Dale himself in a tender twilight hour, when he had been softened, and she was beguiling Her mother's falseness was hidden over with a lover's tenderness, and Barbara only wandered over the breaking of a troth, and pondered might- have-beens. That her mother had died of a broken heart, widowed and in poverty, filled both the girl and the man with loving sorrow. The story of Barabara's adoption at the age of five belonged to the other story, too, and lay folded away in her re membrance as the romance of her life. The pioturesqueness of it was spoilt, in her opinion, where 8tephen, Dr. Dale's own nephew, took his stand. That he had his own parents and his own home in those earlier days mattered nothing. There had always been a place fot him in his uncle's home, and even when the tiny Barbara arrived he had refused to vacate it for her whims. He was par ticularly dogged at fifteen, when they first met, and bad resented her intru sion mightily. It was true that he had greeted her (standing well behind hie uncle) with his tongue out.' He had also been at pains to explain her own position to her, in language that fivd could understand. When hie parents died, and he, a youth with a fortune, came to share his uncle's home, it was on record that Barbara bad been afflieted with hysterics and a desire to earn her own living.' Dr. Dale suffered considerably from these conflicting spirits, and be was not grieved when his nephew had set out in search of adventure with a pearl- fisher. And the years passed, ten of them, and his nephew came home, resolute, as ever not to yield to the pretty girl who ruled his uncle's house. He was a grim man of thirty no.w, with a plain, line-marked faoe, and a passion for book* and homely evenings. .Barbara was ..pretty and gay and twenty. She wm given to making anarea for bim, at this time, and living in a state of intense excita bility over his bewildering manner of escaping them, and laughing at her. " One in particular ahe laid with great deliberation, but not until he bimeelf had indirectly suggested it. She had been dining out, and had returned into the homely quiet very gay. Jests and gossip tripped from her tongue as she. seated heraelf on an arm of the dootor's chair, and fondled hie head occasionally. 'That Mr. Duncan was surprised to hear our ghost story belonged to us, uncle,' ahe said. ' He thought it be longed to that old. house of Mrs. Somerset's, in Macquarie-Btreet.' ' I hope you made him understand quite clearly it is our own,' said the doctor, in mock alarm. - ' It wonld be an awful thing,' said Stephen, looking. up from hie book, ' if you allowed him to remain under the' impression that yon were not even connected with a ghost.' ' I suppose that is one of your nasty thrusts,'' said the girl, blushing, 'just because there is no blood-re lationship.' ' Blood-relationship with a ghost!' 'echoed Stephen. ' How very exciting yon are, my dear child.' ' The last three words raised Bar bara's ire, She bit ber lips in vexa ■tion: "Themveoftpsmile spreadorer ber face, ber eyes glistened, and she leanedIbacktregarding a far corner speculatively. ■ ' Ton dare,not spend a night alone in tbe cellar, although you are thirty,' she said. Her speculation was eo deep that •he missed the look of enlightenment that flashed into Stephen's face. He looked over to hit uncle, donning what Barbara was pleased to name his scientific expression of counten ance. I ' After all, there are more things in earth and heaven than we would like to have to account for,' he said; though I own one's impulse is to sneer at the existence of wandering spirits, it would take a man of nerve to willingly put bimBelf into the way of meeting one alone.' • That is it,' said Barbara. ' Ton —now yon may be brave—and all that, Tou've been in storms, and looked at death; but wouldn't yon hesitate at tbe idea^gf spending half a uigbt in our cellar?'. ,:;v ' Preoisely,' said tiiB. young man. The girl grew rosy. Her eyes shone. Her delight was apparent. | Ton dare not spend half a night— from 11 till 8—down there,' she as serted. • Frankly,' eaid Stephen, ' I prefer of course, I dare.' But he eaid it weakly. 'I do not believe you dare,' aaid the girl. 11 believe you are afraid of the ghost and tbe family onrse.' ' A curse is an uncomfortable eort of thing,' eaid Stephen. Barbara called/the dootor to liaten, while she repeated her challenge. StepbeD threw back his head, and tbe light of battle in his eyes delighted the whimsical girl. 1 Of course,' he eaid, 1 when yon put it that way, I must—iny man hood demands it. Tou surely doo't think 1 wbb afraid !' But be had certainly appeared to be. 