SHORT STOftY. GABBIELLE'S GHOST, «You EngUah polioe,' aald Momiear Gar nier, tba worîd.famoua ïraaoh deteotlve, aa he leaned baok in MB chair, »nd Ut a diger . yon police have four methods of detection, which are admirable in their way, and yet which fall abort in something, and that something is unaginatrvenees. Baring ono* obtained a oise, toa caa work lt ap es skillfully aa any detective* tn the world, bat, failing each clue, I moat confess, sentlesum, your little plans are too often doomed to fállate. ImaguaUraness U, in my h omble opinion, as neoeeaary to the deteotire aa to, the snooeeafnl noTelist, and lt jon will forgive my talking of myself, I will tell yon the story of the case which brought mo what fame I have the honour to possess. In that cate we bad not the alighteat nine to go upon, but tba im aginative instinct served me in enoh a man ner that I ran my man to earth. < One sultry morning in August, I was commissioned to go to the (matean Money, at Villefort, a rural district about forty miles from Paris, where, it seemed, a mys terious crime had been oommitted. Mademoiselle Gabrielle Money, die only daughter of the chateau, had been found on the floor of her bedroom early that morning r'te dead, the medloal évidence showing t she had been killed bj poison. ' On arrival at the chateau, I was at once ushered into the presen oe of Monsieur Money, a dignified, middle-aged man, who nee to greet me as I entered. He was overcome with grief, and it was plain to eoe that he had been weeping .continuously. ' Be seated, monsieur,' he said, in a low tone, ' and I will give 70a all the particulars at my disposai of thia awful affair.' 1 obeyed his request, and seated myself near the window. ' Now. monsieur,' I said, quietly, 11 am enfJrelf at your service.' * In that case,* he returned, 'I will pro ceed to explain matters to yon without further delay. Yesterday morning I went to Paris to attend a sitting of the Chamber, of Deputies, of which I have the honour ol being a member. I left in the house my poor daughter Gabrielle, her cousin Monsieur. Ernest Money, my secretary-a young saan named Vautrin-end the bouse servants, in cluding Madame'Blanche, the housekeeper. «The Chamber sitting late last evening, I stayed at an hotel whare X usually pot up when in Paris, and this morning at nine o'clock 1 was bonified to receive a telegram from my housekeeper informing me that my daughter had been discovered dead- lat once came jnost-haste to this house, and found that the message was only too true, ' The doctor who had been hastily anmmonec' declared that my daughter had been poisoned by means of some vegetable drug, «nob ai brooine or strychnine. This is ail I have tc tell yon.' *X>oyou suspect anyone F 1 asked, aftei a abort passe, in the passing of which thi distressed father sat looking at me wit! anxious eyes. ' Is there anyone in the honai who would benefit by this death F «Only one-Moniuanr Earnest Money my poor daughter's cousin, the next of Un But he is so admirable and excellant 1 yoong man that to suspect bim is mad naas. ' The secretary f" ' ls a man whom I have taken fros poverty and destitution, and whose fortum I am snaking, seeing that I am to obtain fo him a secretaryship to the Minister for In strnotion. Hardly the nan, monsieur, t Say me for my services by murdering m. y child.* * True enough. The other inmates of th house are, I suppose, not to be suspected fo a moment F* 'Not for a moment. They all loved m child. and would bave died for her.' ' Could anyone have obtained admittanc to the house during the night F 'Impossible. Every door «aa barred an bolted aa asnal, eo the hansekeeper inf om me.* 'Some visitors might have called lau evening F * No visitor oonld have called. The eton kept everyone away.' ' From whom do you obtain these facta «From Madame Blanche, the hou» keeper. Perhaps you would like to inte: cógete her F * It would be as well, I think.' ' Monsieur Money touched a bell, ai summoned the woman, who was evident much agitated. She answered my qusstta in a straightforward, sensible manner, an whilst it ia sot usual for men of my pr feasion to judge from appearance, I neve theless felt convinced when Madame Blanc] Xtutted the room that «hs waa aa innocent nplioity in evidence as she waa of oomplloi in the crime. ' Yon are satisfied with the honaokeepta .?ked Monsieur Money when abe had ¿ parted. 'Quite. There seems no reason to dot the accuracy ot her «tatémente. She affix that Mademoiselle Gabrielle did not quit « bouse yesterday, and so visitor called. Ni what does the doctor say as to tbs ti when the poison was (wallowed F 'He oas ny nothing very definite ni after the poet-mortem ; bat he is willing .wear that the poison was ad miniate within twelve noun of the finding of body thia morning.' 'Then it is pretty olear that the poi was administered by some individual in I house F 'Undoubtedly. There can be no ot theory F 'Excepting one,' X put in, nervoui ' and you will not be offended at my rel ring to it. Young ladies have been km before now to destroy themselves. Gai be possible that thia ia a oase in point f 'He sprang. ' Monsieur Garnier,' he cried paaamnati .dismiss that Idea from your mind at 01 My daughter waa the happiest girl in pro vinos, and more than that, her i religion would have led her to look u suicide aa a deadly ein. 1 am willing ?wear by the Almighty who made mel she who UM dead upstairs did not die by own band.' 'Oahu yourself, monsieur,* I aald, gen feeling much sympathy for the boort ore maa, 'calm yinnell, and remember tnt la only by calmness that you oas aid rn) and the police is arriving at the troth. will dismiss the theory of self-destruct since you say that such a ooaree was possible to your daughter, and we will torn to the posaibiutiea. They are follows.' 'Go os,' he said, ouhkly; 'I am teaing.' ' vYe have proved to out own Batista* that your daughter sa* died of a po given hex by an inmate of this house. ] hardly likely that any of the menial eec of the household oas be owottrn^ in affair, and tba housekeeper also ia appert shove snepioion. Thia Barrow« down poaaibiUtiaa to two persona.' I pawed. He sodded to me tog« nd I non tiri oed ; ? Those perenna are Monsieur Ernest, ; nephew, and the other person yonreeorett . impossible!* he oded; 'Vautrin, secretary, oonld have no possible mo Ernest would bave a motive certainly hia nature would shrink from such a ari 'Weare merely dswusamg poanbilil I returned, slowly, «and the realm of ia, as yon know, a large one' It eeex me, bowsrer, äukt, even assuming 01 these men is gouty, it will be imposait fasten hi» guilt upon bim.' 'WhyF 'Sorely it is plain enough. You two men ina house, either of whom have administered a poison. How abai say which of those two men it ia F 'Ahl ves. lt ia a terribie anyl Mon Dieu 1 WhatU to be dos» Nothing «an be dona, monsieur,' I Mid, rising, 'arti efttc tb« Inquest bad bean nain ead the pat-marten eramt nari on made. Perhaps aome little aasirtanwi may be gained by Boah inquiry ; bat I fear it will be very little. And now, with your permission, I should like to view the body.' 'He sighed heavily, and fang the bell. < Ifadamo Bianohe shall aooompany yon,* ; he laid ; 11 hare not the courage ' j ? The hon»«keeper conducted me to the chun ber whare the unfortunate girl lay, and, going towards the bed, I lined the sheet whian ooneealed the rigid face. And as I did so I uttered » low cry. .By some strange ootaoldenoe, the face was tbs image of a oertain oonsin of my ao< quain tan oe-a young girl known aa Jolie de I Moran-who waa studying at the Conserva toire, with a view to becoming an actress. It is aatd that all men and women have somewhere their double! ; the doublent this j dead girl was my ooaain Julie de Meran. '.As I gazed on the wonderful likeness, there rose in my brain a sadden inspiration. It nash ed through my mind Ilks lightning, and fascinated me there and then. Going hastily downstairs, after replacing the sheet, 1 returned to Monsieur Money's'room asid closed the door. . Monsieur,' I said, 'I have seBn the corpse. And the seeing of it has given me a plan.' ? A plan !' he cried. ' What do you mean f A plan of detection f' ' Aye. A plan by which, if all goes well, ' confession can be extorted from the criminal, and justice done ou your daughter's as sassin.' ' He came towards me and grasped my j hands. . Monsieur Gamier,' he said, in a voice husky with emotion, ' do this, and you will have earned my everlasting thanks/ .Iwill confide to yon my plan,' Isold, when be had somewhat calmed himself. . I warn you, first of all, that it may appear to you theatrical in the first place, and de secrating to the memory of your daughter in the second place. Bat I can think of no other plan, and I leave it entirely to you whether I shall go through with it or not.' .Whatever you suggest,' he returned, . sholl be done. Let justioe be thought of before all else. Tell me your plan.' . It is merely this,' I said, quietly. 'When I looked on your daughter's ieee a moment ago, I was streak by her resemblance to a oonsin of mine-a young actress, Mlle. Julie de Meran. It occurred to me then and there that I might prevail upon her to oome to this obsteau at midnight in a month's time, and to impersonate the spirit of your departed child. Taken to the apartments of the suspected patties, the guilty one would sorely proclaim his guilt when brought face to face at that weird hour of midnight with the phantom, as he would suppose, of his poor victim; The admission of guilt onoe made, all details as to the purpose and method >f the orime could be elicited, and taken down by me from outside the ohamber door. The plan is a strange one, but I think it is worth trying, and, more than that, Monsieur Money, I think one other thing.' ' And that is P he cried, his eyes on fire . I think,' I returned, deliberately, . that it will succeed.* . There was a long pause. Then he spoke and the words came firmly ; . My friend,' he said, . the plan is a ter rible one, and to aid you in It will be an ordeal such as I have never imagined. But sin oe at the end of it there may be success, I say to you, . Go on with your scheme, and may Heaven help you to discover the murderer of my poor little Gabrielle.' ' Discovering tbs culprit,' I made answer, I 'will be useless unless we can fasten the guilt on bim, and that is my reason for for mutating the strange scheme of which I have told you. However, it is possible that , between now and the next few weeks some I other way of doing Justioe on the murderer i will be found, in which case, of course, my ! fautastio proposition will be dispensed with.' . Be it so,' he made answer, after a pause. 'It is now the 7th of August. IfbySep I tember 7 the mystery is not cleared np, I I will telegraph to you, ' Come to Villefort,' | and you will understand that the message is your authority to put your plan into notion. . £ understand, I returned ; 1 And now let me give you some instruction! as to what is to be done in case I am sent for. In the i first plaoe, nobody is to know of my ooming; and, secondly, the keys of the doors of your secretary and nephew must be taken away ac that their apartments cac be entered. The slightest obstacle in our way might upset the whole affair most completely.' .He assured me that these pointe should hive his attention, and then we shook hands and aaid adieu. « . . ' A month paned. At ten a.m. on Sep tember 7 I received a telegram. It simply said, 'Come to Villefort.' I knew then that the mystery was adll unsolved, and that it remained with me to help to solve it.' ' My Cousin Jolis took in the whole affair inunediately, and, so far from refusing her assistance, gladly proffered it when she she realised the importance cf the issue at ?take. It therefore oame to peas that as the dooks wera pealing the hour of midnight on September 7, Julie and myself knocked softly at the house door, and wm admitted by Monsieur Monoy, . Come in,' he «aid, bis hands shtking I with nervousness which he tried to master. Come in, and let ns get thia awful soeae I «ver.' . At this moment he oanght tight of Julie, I and be reeled. 1 Merciful Heavens 1' he stied ; ' what a I resemblance. It is my daughter's living lush 1' I cried, fearful lest his voice might disturb the inmates of the house. 1 Hash! and let os lose no tune. Oonduot us first of all to the apartment of your nephew.' . Ah I* he cried ; . then it is him you sus Ipeotf ?Be good enough monsieur, to wait and Ieee.' ' We reached the apartment cf Ernest Money, and found the door elightly ajar. The room was in darkness save for the moonlight, which came fitfully through the blind. Julie, trembling slightly, but thor oughly calm, glided Into the room, and touched the sleeping maa on the shoulder. ' He awoke with a low cry. 'Mon Dieu! It is the apparition of Gabrielle come back from the grave 1' ' Tes ; lt is I-Gabrielle I' she said, in a low tone ; . I have oome back to find who was my murderer.' 1 lt is not 11' he said. ' I loved von too j well. Gabrielle, to injure you, and since your death I have tried in vain to find your ' It ia well,' she returned, ut the same tone. 'Adieu.' .* Money fell bask in a fainting condition, and Julie rejoined ns. ' Our next step was to go to tbs room of the Secretary Vautrin. Here a terrible scent ooonrred, for no sooner bad the man's gase fallen upon the midnight visitor, than be jumped from bis oonah, and shrieked out : ' Ah 1 God help me, have mercy upon me 1 It is the phantom of Gabrielle oome back to haunt me sinoe I took her life. Help t help! help!' . Be calm,' said Jolie, . and tell me why you took my life.' 'Do you not knowr Tum away your eyes that they may not pieroe my soul, and I will tell you. That night-that awful night of August 6, do you not nmember. I intuited yon, and you swore to tell your father, on his return, of the insult.' ' Foam was on bis Ups. He wiped it away, and weat on, hoarsely ; ' 1 knew that if your father heard of my behaviour, I was ruined. My position in this house was destroyed, and-worse than that-my prospects bleated in the futurs. A .addon t*rirf^rt fatftasd by the^fiend oame to «ne, «ad that thought «aid, v KUI her, ead then ehe can do you uo hann.' ' Once again ha wiped his Ups with the sheet. , ' Go on,' said the white-robed figure, ' tell me ali.' 1 All ! There is little more to tell. A jaar previously, a ooliege friend bad - sent me some strychnine for experimental ase in oonneotion with a treatise i was writing on ohemistry, and that strychnine lay in my desk unused. Going to the desk. I took the powder and emptied the whole of it into the milk-jog left by the sériant on the tray outside your room, your oastomary drink in the nights. I nattered myself that detection was oat of the question, for who was to know that I desired your removal f and ii seemed to me also that suspicion would fall on your cousin, who woola benefit by your death.' ' Toa have no more to say F' asked the quiet figure at the bedside. ' No more. But, if you would not drive me mad, leave me now, and promue that Cou will return no mere. For rather than e haunted by you, I swear that I will destroy myself at once, or surrender myself to the polioe at daybreak.' ' There is no need for either of those sots, Monsieur Vautrin,' i cried, banting into the room, followed by M. Money, ' tor the polioe will save you the trouble of giviog yourself up. You are my prisoner. I arrest you in the name of the Bspahlio on Jour own confession of the wilful murder of lademoioelle Gabrielle Money.' ' He tried to speak, but words failed him. His jaw dropped, his eyes started from his head ; if ever Hopeless despair wai written in a man's face, ic was written in hie lace then. He made no resistance when I hand' cuffed him, end submitted to being led away to the polios depot without a word. ' HU confession, taken down by me, and witnessed by Jolie and Monsieur Money, was daly brought ap et his trial, and he was, of ooaree, found guilty. He weat to the sruillotme, probably the first man in the his tory of erime whose confession of guilt had been extracted by suob means as X ha«A re lated, and which means, 1 claim, were the result of tbe imaginative instinct which is essential to the snoots* of the detective of to-day.' 