Bui Aye Buys a Comet. Mr. Edgar W. Xye writes to a New Vork paper:—I suppose that I have •lone a vei;y foolish thing, But my impulse was a good one. Last year an astronomer who was very hard pressed for money c-ame to me and wanted to dispose of a comet that he had ju»t (ii'.s covered. He needed -the money so badly that he won my young heart after a while in spite of my better judgment. Common sense told me not to buy a heavenly body on the hoof, but tenderness and a warm, sympathetic nature overcame my cool business sense. We looked over the property through a telescope, and when my attention was called to its speed and good condition and low taxes, I yielded. The. first jolt, as I might say, which was given to my faith was when our gentlemanly, genial, and urbane registrar of deeds refused to record the transfer. He said nobody but a literary man would be such a wild, unfettered ass. He is cynical to a degree. He told me that all I needed was a nursing-bottle connected with the Milky Way to do real well. I consulted an attorney regarding the matter. He also is a local humourist. He said that buying unbranded comets on the range was hazardous in the extreme, especially in the winter season. He wrote Out quite a long opinion on the ease, for which he charged me an outrageous price, and in which he stated that a man who would advance money on a high-spirited comet, relying on the provisions of the Monroe doctrine for the confirmation and preservation of title, did not know enough to carry viscera to bear. He told me that it would have shown more mental acumen if I had exchanged iny North Minneapolis building lots and Hudson's Bay additions to Aretic Park for the Big Dipper, and gone into the shelf and heavy hardware business, but to put cold cash, or ready John, a® he phrased it, into a luminous hole in the sky; showed more possibilities as an intellectual disaster than anything he had seen , during six years' experience as civil service examiner for vacancies in idiot asylums. He went so far as to ask me why I didn't catch my own comets by putting salt on their tails. I submitted to almost every indignity from this man, including a bill for $18. He had been told by friends that he is humorous, and it has destroyed his usefulness. His business suffers, and his clients become offended and go elsewhere. Among other things he asked me why I did not organise an international lightting and heating company and "pipe" the surplus heat from the burned district of a future state. The wary angler gets a bite. So does the little fish When it is caught, and cooked all right, And served upon a dish ! They Came Only with the Conqueror. The ghost of William of Normandy heaved a heavy sigh. " I've been dabfbl'ing a bit in statistics lately," it said to the phantom of good King John, " and I find, to my chagrin, that I can't personally claim an atom of praise for having won the battle of Hastings." " Good heavens, Billy ! how's that ?" " Why, judging from the number of different families who are boasting that their ancestors came over with the Conqueror, I calculate that I must have invaded England with an army of about twelve hundred .and fifty, thousand strong." 