PORTFOLIO. E.llsEn.-It was on the evening of the day of His resurrection, while the disciples were assembled in that "upper chamber" at Jernsalem, in almost a turmoni of hopes and fears, of speculations and doubts, of bold anticipations and despairing conjectures, that Jesus Himself appeared to them. He gave no sign of His approach. The angels were guarding His empty tomb, no angel visibly announced Him. There was no sound that rent the air: no blaze of brilliant light as that on Taborillumined the chamber: no wall fell down, as before the conquererof Jericho: no door was opened. All. had been fastened up for safety's sake against the Jewish enemy without : all remained as it had been. But they looked, and behold He was there-there in the very midst of them. How, they knew not, baut so it was. The thin air had suddenly yielded to their sight, that form, that countenance which they could not but recognise. And then a second sense was summoned to support the evidence of the.first. The form which they beheld spoke-spoke in a voice with whose every intonation they had been familiar. Jesus said unto them, "Peace be unto you." . . . They were terrified and affrighted. They had seen, as they thought, an inhabitant of another world . . bt the disembodied spirit of their dead Master making itself visible. . . Had the disciples looked forward to the fulfilment of their Master's word as a simple matter of course, they would have welcomedl Him as He was with reverent love-a love which would at once have cast out the torment fear. As it was they fell back upon the surmise that it was a ghost. They shivered at perceiving how near this unearthly being was to each one of them. They said nothing, but He, as always, knew what they felt-what they thought, He did not conjecture their thoughts and feelings. He read them with that penetrating glance which makes Him in time and in eternity the Master and the Judge of souls. He is ready with his consolations. "Why are ye troubled! And wherefore do reasonings arise in your heart? Behold My hands and My feet, that it is I, Myself; handle Me and diseerne; for a spirit not flesh and blood, as ye see Me have." Let this, then, be our Easter work-to forget ourselves if we can, to gaze on the wounds, to clasp the feet of our risen Lord. Water cannot rse above its level, and if the soul of mad is to be restored to God it must be from without, by God Himself. It cannot -this is certain-it cannot be from within. Left to itself, it lacks the life, the strength, the impetus which it needs. It can by faith handle Him, and discern that He is man as well as God- God as well as man-even now. . ... To our weakness, to our fear, to our indolent despair, to our fruitless self. complaency, He says "Sol, behold Mly hands and My feet, that it is I Myself; handle Me and discern ; for a mere nhantom, a spirit, hate no these flesh anld bones hath not this enduring reality which ye see MIe have."-Catoon Lbilon. 