A LAWYER BURGLAR. A grey-nalred man with a prematurely old face ihnmbled into tho vctlibule of a restaurant one night, nnd pressing bis face against Ihe gloss door gnwd hungrily in at the throng anruod the tables. About three tables f rodf I he door s»t a man in earoctt conversation with another nmu.whcn he hap pened to glance up and sou Iho hggaard face pressed uguinsl lliu pane. He suited, looked intimity at. the faco, and I lion jump ing from Ilia chair run to the door. He grubbed Ihe arm of the gny-haired man, who ha'l (started to go away, whispered a fen words to him, cume back and col Jus hat unil coal, and then left the - restaurant. His friend sat at ills tnblo patiently awaiting hiB return. The man whn went out wus a detec tive, wlio liad conic to taks back u fugitive from justice-, and the man who sat waiting for him wug aa officer who had been enter taining him. It was almost an hour before the detect ivs returned. He camo in looking very luuuh perturbed threw himself iu his chair, and said:— 'Talk about seeing ghosts 1 1 thought I'd suoii one then. That man there has jtm risen from tho grave. '1 he dead alive agaiii. or, al least, I know euveial tundred people who'd think bo if ihpy'd seen that man as I Baw him looking through that door an hour ago. But. lie's llcsh and blood, and would you believe it, hu's north £600 in llio ma rkct to day.' If thoie nan £10,000 reward out against him I wouldn't toko him in. Why, there wasn't a question but what he was dead. That's why I called him a ghoul, and he is but a ghost of what he was a few ysars ago. Ten years ago there was a series of rob beries, evidently tho work of an expert cracksman that we were hard put to it to get any clue of the identity uf Ihe man. 1 binited on the theory that no local man could da sudi work. Burglar alarms, safes, and watchmen were alike of no avail against this individual, und in not one instance was a job of his discovered until business hours thu following day. Mow, about u month before these burglarifs t)»ffana young lawyer moved to town, opened an office, look a house in the fashionable part of Ihecily.and, with his wife, began to uul quite a figure in local society. 1 ahall call him .lames Wright. Me ueemeil to have plenty of money, and his wife, who was very pretty, became very popular. As for Wrigiil, he was a handsome young fellow, with the figure of an Apollo, and a koackof atliriDg himself in becoming clothes that speedily won for him Ihe reputation of being the beat dressed mau in town. 1 went to my room at Beven o'clock one morning, having worked all nigh! at one of I In se robberies. An hour later 1 was rouneail by a newspaper rcpurler who hud aBbiBled me in several of my cases, und brought me tho news Ihut Blank's Bank had beeu entered during tbe uiglit, the vault* oiienci). and £2,000. stolen. When I gut to the bank uuil looked over the ground I realised for Ihe first, liiue what a clever man 1 was up against in Ilia work of running down the author of ihetn robbericB. For a week 1 frequented all the low resorts in town, hoping to get s clu«, but it was all in vain. The tough characters in town were us much mystified over these robberies as 1 wus. ICvor since the robbery of Blank's bank 1 hud carried with me a brass button that I hnd found in the vault there. I hadn't much hope of rver getting hold of my man through it, but it was a clue, und, without saving a word about my find to anybody, 1 carried it with mu always and jubI waited for some thing to turn up. It happened in this way:— ' The Wright's guve a fancy dress bail. It was the swellesl social function in years, und local society turned out to it. The Chief sent me to that ball to sort of look out for things, for tbe women had all Iheir jewullery out. I suddenly saw something which made me start. A man dressed as a coalermouger walked across the floor and spoke to a masked lady. Then ho walked out into the hall and veat aputairf. ' Who was that man'!' 1 asked rather abruptly of a woman I hud been talking to. ' I don t know,' Bho said, ' hut if you really want to know I can find out, for the woman he spoke to is our bostons, Mrs. Wright. ' * i hare a reason for wantiog to know,' I said, and my comprnion walked acrosB the room without hesitation and BAt down beside Mrs. Wright. I tell you I wus on Iho noxious seat then. Why! Ol, nolt. iog, excepting luat on the legs of the ooster manger's trousers, down at tbe bottom.tbere were little rows uf brass buttons, and I had seen ilml one was niiBting from the left leg, aad ihut the buttons corresponded wilh Ibe one I found in Blank's bank, ' Why, that wo* Mr. Wright,' said my messenger, return-, ing; ' now take me out and get me some lunch.' How 1 wanted to drop her that moment and get to work. But I wont, site chatting merrily and I wilh my thoughts any where but wilh her. When we got in tho ball, out of sight of the other guests, she speedily brought me to my senses. Gripping me by the arm, Bhe looked me squarely In the face and said:— 'See here, you're a detective, I know it. Now, what do you want of Mr. Wright?' She laughed right in my face. ' Are you go iog to tell me or not?' shesaid. ' Madam,' I said, far I saw there was no use trifling wilh her, ' I do not know tou, and if I did I would have no right to diBcloae matlerslhul at c con fided to me by my superiors. I am a detective here by invitation of your host, to concern myself with the welfare of his guests and to do nothing else, I have not sought to thrust myself ou auy of thegueats and'— ' You shall tell me thiB thing at once,* ahesaid, paying no attention to my apologies. ' You can trust me. Look and see if you can't,' nod she raised her mask. 1 hud been talking to the wife of the President of the Board of Police Commissioneis, a woman famous there for her cleverness. ' 1 happen to know Ihe work you've been engaged on of late. I'm io teiented, too. is it Wright?' I made no answer. ? Isit Wright T she insist ed, stamp ing ber foot. ' 1 cannol talk auch things with you here,' I said. ? Come u- my house to morrow,' she suid. ' Before you go, | though, let me warn you to act, quickly if i you're going to act at all. These people are Hearing the finish.' | I called next morning, and she told me the facts. Like all clever men, she said, Wright j has a weakness. He adores -t^at wife of his and truats her. She ib a bad woman and baa an affair on band now. He has no money save what he gets from time to tints, the life is dangeroua, and it wouldn't aurpiise me if she skipped out wilh one of our prominent citizens at any time. If Wright had a uu» nicion of this ue'd kill her without a duubt. You uiuBt act quickly or alt your woi k will be in vain. Shortly after tea o'clock tbe next morning Ihe president of tbo bank in the city wan sealed in his private office when Mr. Jumea Wright's card wus handed to him. ' Show Mr. Wright in.' bn suid. Mr. Wright : walked in and sat down. ' Mr. t'remdent,' | he said, ' 1 am gffing to leave town to-day for good. My wife hus already gone, bui us t had a matter of business to ultend to be fore going 1 stayed over.' ' Exactly, Mr. j Wright, exactly,' naid the Presideul. ' 1 want a cheqno for £4,000,' said Wright. ' A { very laige amount,' said the President. | ' Have you Iho cash near by?' 'My dear bIi , ' I haven't a cent in Ihe world.' 'But, Mr.1 Wright, we can scarcely— ' 'Mow I'm not here to argue,' said Wright, ' but t« get the , money. My lime is very limited. Hindi I ' have been in town I have bad to depend on the carieasneas and stupidity of ItB w«ll-lci-clu citizens for a llveliSieod. You will excu»o me if I iaslsl oa a llu)e hone In this manor,' and Mr. James Wright pulled out two shiny new revolvers. ' It would pain mu veiy much to have to use these,' he said, ' but if it becomes *iee-»eary I shall use them with out hesitation:. Aoir please* write the cheque.' Tlia President, a man over sixty, was mightily frightened, and he wrote out a cheque for £4.000 and loused It over to Wright. ' Tufcu it and go, you damned sooundral,' he uid. 'Mot »o fast, not so fust,' said Wright. ' Your conliiur would cortaioly think I was joking if I took this cheque out t* him. And you, what would you be doing ? I don't suppose you'd sit here patiently, would you ? No, no, my dear sir, you will come to the cashier with me, will order him lo cash tliis cheque, then we will return here ?ad count the money, after which I will lock you in the room and depart, and, by the war, if there is tho slightest, interruption to the proceedings I will pnt a bullet through mv head, but first I will send one to your heail.' Not a man, woman, or child could be found who saw him after he left tho bank. A duaoriptoin of him was sent out through the country. £2,000 reward was offered for his capture, but five years ago the rewards were ull withdrawn, Bave one of £20,. which slid BtaudB. As for Mrs. Wright,ahe eloped wilh a prominent cllitun.anJ before she got through with him he was almost a bankrupt.' ' And that was Mr. James Wiight whose face we saw pressed against the glans door to-nighl?' asked Ibe oflicor. ?? It was,' said the detec tive, ' and he is a vagrant to-day, his splen did nerve and wonderful ability wrecked by his wife's infidelity. He tuid me jnst now that he lived but to kill her.' 