AN OPENING FOR BRIDESMAIDS. A GERMAN weekly, published in Ame rica, tells how some young ladies are now hiring out their charms to grace weddingceremonies. The business, for such it is, or has become, seems to pay well in some instances. Besides fashionable toilettes, fifteen young ladies who recently officiated as bridesmaids at wedding functions in New York received £6 each for acting th»ir part at the function. Another instance is given of the payment'of £20 for occupying this " office of honor" upon a similar occasion. Smart girls are looking forward not only to many costly presents, but to he harvesting of nice little fortunes beore the autumn of life staieB their eauty. A good many diggers bavo boen leaving Cooktown of late for Samarai, New Guinea, en routo to Mam bare, whore gold is being obtained fairly freely. One digger who left the field owing to having contracted malarial /over, brougt down with him 2000oz gold, valued at £4 per oz. The steamer Aramac, from Brisbane, brought six packages of gold, valued at £9788. General Hutton says that the Canadian military are below the standard of efficiency of the other colonies of the empire. Most of us drink our''toa too strong. We-are not satisfied to drink it of a pale straw colour, as we ought, but must have a dark brown, verging upon blaok. That is a colour which has its effect sooner or later, upon the nerves and digestion. Dr. Goodfellow thinks that tea should be infused four minutes before^rinking; but Sir Andrew Clark used to deolare that a second over three minutes wa's' wrong. And one of the great secrets of enjoying tea and suffering no harm from It is never to pour water into the pot after it has been standing. While in America, Mr. W. 8. Gilbert was one evening at a fashionable function given by a lady of the " new rich" order, who posed as'a patron of music but who had not had the time to educate herself {says M. A. P.). She was foolish enough'to attempt to "show off" before the celebrity. "And what is Bach [" Batoh" ehe called it] doing now;?" ;she .said; "is he composing *ny,thing?" "No madam,", immediately Mr. Gilbert, without the ghost of a smile. " No, madam, Batch is just now decomposing f" the course of a case at present being tried at Elberfeld, it was stated that .several German doctors make a practise of snabling unwilling recruits to evade conscription. They SUODIV a certainjcindoifta w*ich, iTtaken fast before the examination by the military ootora,-; M_aBeota the aotion of the heart that the man is refused as incometent.' . 