A VISIT TO " LAMINGTON." A contemporary publishes an interesting account of a visit which one of its staff paid recently to Mr George Marner'i residence, "Lamington," Victoria-road (Vic.) Upon arrival the visitor was received by Mr Marner himself, who had many noteworthy things to say concerning himself and his daughter, which the energetic pressman soon turned into copy. "I thought I would lose my daughter, Miss Alice," said Mr Marner to the reporter ; " she was overgrowing her strength. Medical men could do nothing for her." Here Miss Marner entered and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. "I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school," said she, " I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my streugth, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobering this order, and I took the " quinine tonic" given me, with regularity:. Then 1 commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried every think to induce sleep," interposed Mr Marner, *'but it had no effect; then I consulted a well-known Collins Street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queens land, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost. " This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st. 31bs., now I am 9st. 71bs." " A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial?" " No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve their credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr Pleasance's, Chapel Street, Prahran; they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a lobg time since Idis continued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would recommend them ." " Yes ; and that strongly too," said Mr Marner, "had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." The tonic properties of Dr. Willioms' Pink Pills build up the constitutiou, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve the brain. They are a certain cure for in. digestion, ailments arising from the heat, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidlney troubles, biliousness, anaemia, sleeplessness, rheumatism, lumbgo, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, al female ieregularlties, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, &c.; Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, care of Rocke, Tompsitt and Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, who will forward six boxes for 15s. 3d., or one box for 2s. 9d. post free. Beware of poisonous imitations, sold at greatly lower prices than the genuine pills. Insist upon seeing the full name, Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box purbased. Imitations' are moseet dessness 