THE PHANTOM CAB. \- « . (By Ernest Favenc.) n. n'''y'T'TCTg UT insteafl of following te~'~--1~O'-1-v'5?--* the men, he suddenly ^^hi^iyl 3\ found aimseW -walking ?**'. .?4T*'M—' ***V.: ?A along the same street ^£1 /J? -3 -where he had picked * dw&L; uiiiiP T4 UP **-* «*. and before «► ': -V-'riiiSBP^wX ca*- crawlins along as I i*'JaPPTrH '*\ before. Thinking \ '? Jl&l; » E *l himself the victim of r ^ I \jr-- ?*NJ some delus- on, he flrst ?..*''? v. . ^ . -jft*? %/ felt hie head, which '£&'&'.&'£ &Jr; was quite sound and the cat). The cat) stopped, it was not the same cab, and glanc ing at the lamps, Ry land eaw that it was not the same number; but the man, although he was not the earns man, made the same reply about his horse being tired. However, he consented to take his fare, and Ryland got in. He kept a sharp lookout all the way, dui naming strange occurred, and he ar rived 6afely at his own abode. 'You don't know of a -cab with the number 010,203, do you?' asked Ryland, after he had paid the man. 'There's no such a number of any keb,' replied the driver. 'Wthat is it again, sir?' Ryland read off the number on his cuff by the light of the lamp, '010,203.' The. maa leaned down from his seat, and lis tened attentively. 'One, two, three?' he repeated. 'Take the 'orts out o' that, and that there's the number of the ghost* 6 cab, 'one hundred and twen ty-three.' ' 'The ghost's cab?' 'Yes, have you never heard of it. One hundred and twenty-three, the numbers just come in re gular order, 1, 2, 3. It was drove by Jim Cleary, end he- disappeared, and his horse and cab was driven out to a scrub, out Bond! way, and left there, but the cab had all the lining torn out, and the cushions taken away.' 'Suppose you tell me all about It to- morrow; it's rather too late to-night. If that was the ghost's cab, why, I had a ride in it to-night.' The cabman looked at him curiously; then he said, 'What time shall I be here to-morrow, sir?' 'Oh, about half-past 9 or 10,' answered R*yland, and went in to puzzle over his strange adventure. A little before ten the cabman appeared, the real one, not the ghost, and Ryland took him up to his room, and cross- questioned him as to all he knew about deary's disappearance. It was not much after all; but the date tallied with Cleary's disappearance. The man, whose name was Hart, was naturally very curious to know all about the ghost cab, but Ryland did not tell him just then, but he described the house to him as well as he could, and told him to drive about and look for ODe like it. In a day or two he thought «f going to the Public Library and hunting up the papers to see if he could find anything else about that time to associate with the disappear-* ance of Cleary. He found all about that, about the horse and cab being found in the scrub and the absence of the cushions, but for a long time he could see no trace of anything else. At last he hit upon a paragraph called 'The Ranchurch Mystery.' In this he found that the residents of the suburb of Ranchurch were much eicited about the disappearance of the inhabitants 'of a house in that suburb. The description of the ocupants agreed very well with what Ryland had seen. A young man and his wife and his father had lived there, they had kept two servants, but they had been suddenly dismissed, the house shut np a few days afterwards, and the occupants had gone away, and had not returned. The house ?vras the property of the tenants, so beyond the agent coming out to look at it occasionally ij re mained just as when it was left. This was 'only a piece of that occasional and quite unnecessary gossip that finds its way into a papar when there is really nothing else to write about, but it af forded Ryland a clue to the place he wanted. ? He noted down the address. Strolling down he passed a cabstand, and saw the man Hart on the rank. He beckoned to him, and asked him whether . he. had found .the house yet, because '1 have without going out of town,' be added. 'Drive to Blodger and Sprice, the land and house agents,' he said, and got in. I The clerk at the counter knew nothing of a [ house at Ranchurch, but fortunately Mr. Blodger was in and disengaged. Yes, a house at Ranchurch was in his hands to look after, but it was neither to sell nor to let. /;. Ryland made out he was very anxious to make an offer for it if he could go over it, and see what the house was like inside. 'There's a caretaker there,' said Mr. Blodger, doubtfully, 'and if I give you a card you might go over; but he is'a cantankerous old villain, and if he's in a cranky temper he might refuse. I have no power over him myself, and, to tell you the truth, wish I had nothing to do with the tally thing.' 'I'll go,' said Ryland, and the agent gave him e card. The distance to Ranchurch was soon, covered, a&d; the cabman, pulled up before a house that Ryland dreamily seemed to recognise as the one he had seen on the night of his ride in the phan tom cab. 'Seems like thei haunted house in Hood's poem,' he thought as he got out of the cab. The iron gate was rusty and apparently seldom used, hut it did not stand ajar, but was chained and padlocked. The garden was neglected, the house had all the blinds down, and not a sign of life was Visible. 'How the devil am I to get in?' he said aloud. 'There's no bell visible.' 'Climb over, sir,' suggested Hart from the Beat of the cab. Ryland pooh-poohed the suggestion, as the rail ings were of iron, and he had a decent suit of clothes on; instead of. that he gave vent to the most awful cooee that he could. 'Enough to ?wake the dead,' he thought, and surely enough a blind was raised, and the head of an old man peered out. Ryland waved some papers at him as though he had a whole budget of correspon dence in his pocket, and the face disappeared. Next, the door opened, and an old man came Blofwly and painfully towards the gate. 'One of the ghosts,' muttered the awe- struck watcher as he saw that it was the old man of the dream. The figure came up to the gate. 'What is it?' he snarled through the bars. 'I have a communication from Mr. Blodger con cerning the house,' replied Ryland. ? 'Well, give it me.' 'But I want to come in and see the house; I'm thinking of buying it.' i The old man gazed on him doubtfully, and, I muttering to himself, unlocked the gate, and ad mitted Ryland. As soon as he was inside, Ry land opened the gate wide, and beckoned to Hart to drive in. The old man stood aghast. 'We don't want any more cabmen in here,' he said; then, sudden ly stopping, he went on' down the drive, and led the way to the house. When they got there, Ryland told Hart to get down, and wait, and keep his ears open, then giving Blodger's card to the old man, who was waiting at the door, he follow ed him Into the house. Dust everywhere, darkness and mildew. Ry land felt as he followed his guide that he waa back once more in his strange experience of the Phantom cab. On they went through different Tooms, where the furniture was rotting untendtHjL ana the shrouded windows steeped the rooms'^ semi-darkness.' They had entered the Ji££nte which Ryland ?? remembered well, and, lookup round, saw-that tie- furniture was unchanged si&ce; le had imagined he was there! ^ 'I should like to see the garden,' said Rylas&£ 'Like to see the garden, would you?' said t3siP old man, glaring at him, 'come on then.' % ' They were in the hall, the front door \fraa open, and, unseen by the old caretaker, Ryland made a sign, to Hart to come in, and follow them. Sauntering round, they at last came to the place which he had marked down in his vision. The Norfolk Island pine on one side of the broad path, and the thick shrub on the other. Ryland looked at the asphalt, and then at the Old map ? 'It was Just here, -wasn't it?' he eaid. The living ghost gazed at him with horror, bis lips moved convulsively; then he dropped down in it fit. Presently 'he came round, but he was all broken tip, and confessed to everything. The son's wife had money, but It was securely ?ettled on her, and they could, touch nothing with out her consent, and feq badly was she treated by them that she west to live with come frie-ds in town. One night, yhen there was a ball at her friends' house, they sent Cleary, the cabman, whom she knew, to her with a note, «aying that her husband was dying; would ehe come and eay good bye to him. Without thinking, .she get into the cab, and came just as she was. Then, when she found it was all false, ehe wanted to go back, but they wouldn't let her, «nd they wanted her to eign some deed about her property, whic-i ttis cab man would witnege. She refused, got- frightened, ana began to scream. Cleary came into see what web the matter, and the young fellow who was a perfect savage, hit him a. blow on the head which killed him. The woman was sense less on the sofa, so they carried 'Cleary out and put him inside the cab, and intended to start the horse off, so that he'd smash the cab up some where; but the horse was so tired that he wouldn't budge. Then they took him out again, and buried him under the asphalt,- anias the inside of the cab was stained with blood, they drove it oiit to where it was found, and tore the linings and cushions out and threw them in the sea. When the unfortunate wife woke up, her mind was gone. She was taken to a lunatic asylum, and there she died, and the young fellow got the money. He cleared out, and left his father to j act as caretaker at the place, and see that no- ; body found the cabman's body. But he treated him cruelly, and only allowed him' just enough to keep body and soul together. 'Was that all?' asked Dwyer — the owcer of the station was asleep. 'Yes, only the young fellow was caught easily enough and. hanged. The old fellow died in the i gaolTic-spital, and cabman No. 010,203 was never seen any more. 'He was under the asphalt then?' 'You bet he was; and would be there now only for Ryland going for a ride in that phantom : cab.' i 