HOW IT FEELS TO BE SHOT. A writer in the Lenropeliaon , Mr Ed ward darshal, describes how it feels to be shot. His narrative is based on one Mlauser bullet Ewhih shot away part of his backbone. When the Rongh Riders ran into the ambuscade in which Hamilton Fish and others lost their lives, I first emptied my revolver at the enemy, and, with an eye to the news for which I had come, began to look around and make notes. A royal palm tree under which I was standing seemed to shiver. I saw three or four bullet holes in it above my head. I felt a blow in the back. I fell down: To my surprise I conld not get up. I had interrupted the course of a Mouser ballet. Those who contemphte going to war, and those in the army who have not yet been shot, will be pleased to know that there is little pain immediately following a ounad. Thefirst persons to come to me were the Red Cross nurses to bandage me. end then a surgeon handed me over and told me I had only a few minutes to lire. I Le"eeed him. His statement seemed to pIrodce s little effect on me mentally t di :he Maaser'b'llet physircally. The.. mental and plysical dulness and indiffer-" e'ce moust be attributed, I suppose, to the sho:k preon:ed by the Mouser bullet. I ca- n :ao:l many men wounded and about . --ied very near me. Eight men a. doz:n yards away from me all dropped do-o, one after another, within sixty cec.r.ie. They feIl close together in a heap. Th.re was not a jump, not a scream. I heard cne man say, in a low voice, " I am hit." The others said .o:Ling. It is a fact that every man struck by a locaser bullet, no matter how slightly or on lsat part of the body, drops instantly. It seems as though the enormons force behind the ballet administers to the nerves, wherever struck, a shock likethat from a powerful electric battery. We could not wave our arms or make any other movement. but we could talk. One chap said, ' Let's sing a song to show those fellows we aren't dead." So we sang the "Star Spangled Banner" and another song with a good deal of the tone l-ft out. Pre'ty soon I began to feel as if red hot needles were being struck, slowly and deliberately, into my spine, from one end to the other. This part of my experience was not pleasant, and does not :all for extended description. I have learned since that, the burning senastion was due to small splinters of bone sticking in the spinal cord. No. body showed any particalar anxiety to avoid the ballets or made any particular foss after coming in contact with one. Once you are shot you have the quiet numb feeling that the 3lanser gives, and a general kind of an understanding with yourself that you will probably not be shot again for the present. Some men were shot several times in repid succes sion, hut they were unusually unlocky. While in Amerca Mr W. S. Gilbert was one evening at a Ifshionable function given by a lady of the" new rich" order, who poed as a patron of music, but who had not had time to educate herself. Sha was foniish. enough to " show off " before the English celebrity. "And what is Batk ('Batch' she called it) doing now ?" sbe said; "ishe composing anything ?" "No madam," immediately replied Mr Gilbert, without the ghost of a smile. "No madam, Batch is just now decomposing I " Aconcert recently given in a town in Virginia was responsible for a curious error, which seems to show that the Americans are still dominated by the muatial spirit. The second West Vir ginia band was annornced to play, among other things, " 3o-irt's Twelfth 1lassachnusets"-the twelfth Masa being supposed to refir to that regiment. 