The Marriage of Mr. Carlos and Miss Jennings, AT ST. MARY'S. Mr, Joseph Carlos, B.A., B.L,, wa« married ao Sb, Mary's Cathedral on Wodnoa day afternoon to Miss Winifred Jonninga, daughter of tho lato Mr, T. Jennings, , of Maitland. The ooromony was porformod by the Right Rev, Monaignor O'Brien. Mr, C, ID, ByrneB, Bolioitor ot Parraniabta, was boBt man, and tho bride was given away by Dr, James 'Kearney. It was a quiet wedding, only the immediate relatives and frionda of tho parties bolng|presont. including Mrs1, T, Kirby (Frankaton, Collarondabri), and Misa Jennings, slators, Mr. and MIbb Jennings (Howl'ong) undo and cousin, Tho bride wore a Bmart travelling gown of silver grey bongallno, the bodioo hand somely trimmed with whltio satin, veiled in chiffon and silk laoe, Tho skirt) had an ollbobivo design in ribbon and mailings of ohiflbn, hat and parasol to mabah. Slio was attended by hor bridoamaid, Mias Flora Jennings (hor sistor), who looked dainty in palo pink silk gronttdino, ollbotivoly trim mod with oroaui silk laao and gold bucklos, large oi'oam picturo hat of ohilfon and f'oathoru. Tho bride, who is a charming, accomplished and popular girl, wau educated at tho Mait land Convent. Ah for tho liridogroom, there is no ono more popular among tho young men of Sydney. Many owe fco Mr. UnrloH tholr HueofHB in lift/, for ho has taken youth after youth by tho hand and lod bhoin into the hlghar profoBBioiiH, crowned with tioholiiBtio honours, His high character and aooial qualities have onablod him to oxort a fine, manly, pnrflonal induonuo, Tho man ia of more importance than tho book. Ho wnB educated at Blaukrock College, Dublin, oonduotod by tho Fathers of the Holy Ghost, and while there won scholarships worth £160. Among his class fellows wero the Rev, Father Carey (late of Sb. Mary's, Sydney) and Mr. M. J, Clarke, barrister, of Tasmania, one of the delegates to the Federal Convention. He took his B.A. degree at the Royal University, Dublin, with first-class honours. He came to Sydney in 1890, and was called to the Bar : in 1895i on the motion of Mr. R. E. O'Con nor, Q.O. . Mr. Carlos has been a lecturer at St. John's College, within the University, on classical and modern languages during the paab nine years. He also taught from 1890 to 1893 at St. IgnatiuB* College, Riverview. . Ho has taken a keen interest in public life in Australia. He was a member of tho Irish National League in Sydney, and has ? often delivered lectures an Irish affairs here. He contested Belmore in 1898, and took an aotive part in advancing the federal *? cause. ? ' Oa the occasion of his wedding the bachelors of ' Parramatta presented Mr. Carlos with a handsome cheque, and he also received a handsome cheque from his past and present pupils and immediate friends. The 'Catholic Press' wif.hes the happy ? couple' every bucoobs in life. 