I UïttOINTED CHAT. I Ekert Mkrcutjo. When it was known that the late Master of Balliol had taken care to burn all the letters he had received for many years, so that those who might write his life and edit his correspondence would be spared the deUnato task of discriminating between what should and what ought not to be driven to the world, it was said that the ant was almost as culpable as arson, and that Dr. Jowett had no right to become the incendiary of. what belonged to posterity. Undoubtedly Jowett, though not a man of the world or of affairs, had, during a very long university life, been a correspondent of many notable men, English and foreign, and if their letters to him had been preserved, the world would have been let into some secrets which will now be locked up probably for ever. Still I think it should be presumed that the owner of these letters must be taken to be the best judge whether they ought to be published or not; audit must be admitted in the same breath that the editors of correspondence recently given to the public have been very indiscreet and " indiscriminating. A notable Instance will occur to most people in the case of Carlyle, whose ghost must have been vexed by his editor's want of tact beyond the point of disembodied endurance. The writers of nearly all the letters which Jowett committed to the flames have long since passed away. Very many of these letters would be on such subjects as the Oxford Movement, University and Church Reform ; but a goodly proportion must have dealt with subjects of larger interest, and have discussed the burning political topics of the day in familiar confidence, and from points of view to which the general public are not usually admitted. " Although occasionally fine, -very suspicious and unsettled under the combined action of the monsoon ' Strabo and the Antarctic disturbance ' Baal,' local cyclonic blows, street squalls, dust storms, thunderstorms, spastic rains, spasmodic had, great changes in temperature, nasty southerlies from Sydney soon." With such a warning as is conveyed in the portentous words such as were uttered by recent weather oracle, whit discreet shipmaster would have put to sea until " Strube," the monsoon, had blown himself out, and " Baal," the disturber, had been laid at rest ? Why, with such a ghastly prospect a prudent hon wife would think twice before putting a broody hen on a clutch of pedigree duck eggs. And who that happened to have urgent business out of doors would know what sort of clothing and protective gear to put on, or carry, to the end that he might survive the predicted blows, squalls, and dust and thunder storms ? If those did not blow him, metaphorically, into the middle of next week, how could he escaped drowning by the " spastic rains" or maiming by His " spasmodical hail," or a violent hill by the " great change in temperature " ? And yet people went about on their ordinary business, or in pursuit of their ordinary diversions, just as if nobody had been writing awful things on the wall. Theoretically, if they had met with their deserts, they should have paid dearly for flying in the face of the Weather Bureau. But as a matter of fact no serious casualties have been reported. A few people lost their hats and a house or two lost its chimney-pots, and fruit was blown off heavily-laden apricot and peach trees. Some battalions of grasshoppers making for verdant spots were much discomfited by the "spastic" rain, for which they had made no proper preparation, and sought refuge in hollow logs and rabbit burrows ; but business was resumed in due course, and, speaking generally, the country looks just as if those meteorologist demons " Strabo " and " Baal " had never been let loose on it, which surely is matter for thanksgiving. * - . 6 2 The Australian Gustavo call him Mosquito has lately been the subject of scientific inquiry, instituted principally in order to ascertain whether this insect of evil repute and the world over was, in addition to his delinquencies as a bloodsucker, a vehicle of malarious foyer and the result seems to provide us with reply in the affirmative Ex- periments also have been made with the view of destroying; the myriads of loggerheads in water tanks and other receptacles which develop into matured bloodsuckers with, such unnecessary haste, and it is claimed that a very small quantity of kerosene disposes effectively of these unfledged nuisances But there is so much stagnant water lying about everywhere in a season like the present that kerosene as an exterminator cannot be of much service. The other day, when visiting a friend, who, by the way, had just finished wire-netting his station, somewhere on the Bogan, I found him in his workshop putting the finishing touch to a number of frames intended to be fixed outside all his doors and windows, v. high were also wire-netted, but against mosquitos, not rabbits The wire netting is the Hmollost gauze wire procurable from the United States, where, he tells me, people living even in such cities as New York we regret their houses against flies and mosquitos Surely an excellent idea for us in this colony ! Already I seem to revel in the occupation of a room where the blowfly' and the mosquito knock vainly at the openings, and one can read and yin 15 at peace with all insect persecutors Then think of the irresistible allurements of a butcher's or a fish- monger's shop devoid of flies on hot summer mornings ' It is a consummation devoutly to be wished The'acoliraatisation of trout has exercised our minds for years Myriads of youngsters from Ballarat and other hatcheries have been there and in the upper tributaries of our rivers, both of eastern and western flow., where the depth and temperature of the outer promised a suitable habitat Both the common brown trout and the rainbow variety of Californian origin have been the frequent subject of experimenters, but so far results hay of not been by any means commensurate with efforts In many cases floods have earned the young fish fat away from the beaches and pools where they might have thriven down to warmer waters where the omnivorous codfish or the equally destructive eel (in eastern waters) must have accounted for most of them From New England to Monaro, the successful cases of acclimatisation might be reckoned on the fingers of one hand, while the failures can he counted by dozens These experiments have generally been made with brown trout, but possibly The rainbow may turn out to be better adapted to our streams and better able to resist then worst enemies codfish, obIs, and slings The brown trout has successfully colonised many New Zealand and Tasmanian rivers, and though he is not much given to rising at a fly, probably because of the scarcity of fly-food in those countries, jet he is to be caught by other lights- miss devices, of which the artificial minnow seems the most effective We in this colony possess some hundreds of miles of what look!, like excellent trout waters, and with discretion and perseverance use ought to be able to add trout-fishing to the not too numerous attractions of country life * * * ¥ a A talker, especially of the masculine gender, who can say paradoxical things as if thoy-.\oit na opted wise saws, and get rid of platitudes as if they were recent and original discoveries, and a novelist who can do likewise, are good company I don't know for certain what a paradox or a platitude is, Reid therefore I won't pretend to give definitions of the words, but to my mind that most divorcing novel A Double Thread " affords many instances of " paradox " (if there is not such a word there ought to be) and a few of platitude When Ulhol Harland confided to her friend, Lady Silverhumplc-u, that she had her reasons for refusing Juok le Mesurier, taking out her hairpins and letting her hair fall in a golden shower about her shoulders, the author adds, a woman s hair and a woman's tongue generally being unloosed simultaneously Men confide in each other less than women do, because they have no back hair to let down beside one another's firesides " The addition is a fair example of paradox The same Ethel Ilarlaiid said later on to the same friend, " A woman owes a duty to herself, and if she marries a man who is intellectually her inferior she lowers herself to his lot el, while if she marries a man who is superior to her, he soon will train her mind and educate her character until she attains the highest ideal that is possible to her nature " This is a fair exam pie of platitude, and the other person in the dialogue clearly took it that Mary when she groaned, " Good Heavens ' don't talk to me as if you were Queechy and I were the ' Wide Wide World,' I beseech you " But all of us are dealers in latitude, wholesale and retail, and feel bound to a cept one another's wares loyally of course except the paradoxical minority * -*? * * * And bearing in mind that the paradoxes of one generation often such. are to be the platitudes of the succeeding generation, we who belong to the great platitudinous majority ought to keep a soft place in our hearts for what appears to our limited intelligences to be more and sheer paradox, and whether put forth by man or woman, provided always that the paradoxologist is not a professional or mechanical compounder of senten- pious nonsense. In smart talk or writing there is almost always a suspicion, sometimes a good deal more than a suspicion, of paradox. Possibly we feel that our tutelary genius, common sense, is being affronted ; our belief in the Witnesses and eternal harmonies is being mocked, and then most of us bring out our reserves of platitude and open fire on the enemy of orthodoxy. And yet all the time we are conscious, but not always pleasantly conscious, that the sen tonic which has startled us out of our propriety is not wholly false or foolish. Paradox has nothing to do with nonsensical or lying concerns. Some truth and sense are always there, though the truth may be in small compass, and the horse out of perspective" Here is an instance taken from the same novel. " How do you manage to conceal your cleverness so successfully?" Elfrida asked of Lady Silvorhampton. " Chiefly by dressing well. It is only the badly dressed women who are over suspected of being intelligent. A ready made gown will give a woman a reputation for learning far sooner than any University degree is and if she does her hair badly, or, still better, does not do it at all, She is acknowledged to be an artist as well as a scholar." Please not to forget, gentle reader, that this was written by a woman, not by one of our stupid box. 