NEW TALE OF A TUB. .By Mrs Harry Coghill. 1 have heavd many ghost stories, said my grand-aunt Mary, “and I don’t be lieve in.any of them. They are mostly silly and purposeless, and evidently made up; but one story that you may call a ghost story if you like, I will tell you. for I—I lived through it myself.-’ Then she told us this story:— “Well, dears, when I was a girl, it wasn’t the fashion for bride and bride groom to rush away, the minute they were married, from all theirkind friends and well-wishers, and go wandering to gether all over the world, relying on the tender mercies of hotel-keepers and chamber-maids for their comfort, seeing nothing but strange faces, with no one to speak to but themselves, taking, as it seems to me. the surest possible way to grow tired of each other. Mo, if they went away at all, they took some of the wedding guests away with them, and went to a friend’s bouse — somewhere within -a drive very likely-—•-that had' been made warm and comfortable^ for" them beforehand. , “When my cousin, Eveline Burke, was married to Dick Marchmont. it was ar ranged that her two bridesmaids, my cousin North and myself, giddy young women of seventeen and eighteen, should go with them to D-, a country house belonging to the Marchmouts, as I was told: When there are several estates in the family, all, except the favored one, are apt to get somewhat neglected/and become mere storehouses of old pic tures-and. .tapestries and lumbers of all kinds that would.;clasli sadly with.-the more modern furniture and appliances of; the actual family seat. These extraneous homes are generally presided over by an old housekeeper, who gradually, grows.as yellow and musty as the parch ments in the muniment room, and as faded and decayed as the tapestries ou. the walls. But there was not even a housekeeper at D-. The gardener, who lived in the grounds, and neither dug nor delved, and a laundry woman who had no washing to do. gave it au eye now and then. However, Dick's uncle, the present head of the family., was anxious to lend him the house for his houeymoou, assuring him tiiat it only wanted ‘airing’ a bit, and that Dick, however dc- speratclv in love he might he with Eveline, would be glad of the excellent fishing afforded by the lake in .the park—after the first few days. “Dick.- of course, scouted this theory— any place would suit, him- so. long as he. had Eveline; but he gratefully accepted the. loan of D:—, as it happened to be conveniently near .the Burkes’, and' would allow.,him and his bride-to take part in the festivities given in their honor, and yet reach their temporary home before nightfall. “Norah and I, who were to go with them, rather enjoyed the idea of having a rambling old country house all to our selves—for we hardly counted Dick and Eveline—an old, romantic mansion, re plete with every ancient discomfort, to reverse the saying. We were a little disappointed when we heard there was ,no ghost, and, though it was in Ireland, not the very remotest chance of moon lighter's. However, we flattered our selves we should enjoy our ‘honey moon.’ as we persisted in calling it, for we were devoted to each other, and the ephemeral attachment of Dick and Eve line was nothing to our strong and last in' passion. We meant to he friends if our lives, and we were not at all anxious for the advent of the detach ment of our household party who volun teered to come down in a day or two and keep us amused. “Early on the morning of the wedding day three or four sen-ants were sent off with our luggage, to make the house ready for us, and after the wedding was over and the toasts drank, Eveline and Dick, Norah and I, got into a chaise, and away-we went with, four horses over roads that a coachman nowadays would think too bad for anything but a country waggon. . “It was a long, long drive, and, though we had started in tearing spirits, we got dreadfully tired, not to say cross, in the course of four mortal hours’ jolting. It was quite dark wheu we .turned into a gloomy avenue of beech trees, but ou approaching the house we could just make out, against the red sky, the great gaunt boughs of a tree that looked as if it had been struck by lightning. I don’t suppose any of us thought it odd that the drive was grass- grown, the gate un bolted, the tree not cut down—we were not particular in Ireland in those days! The windows of the house shone like burning-glasses in the sunset, so that at first I thought the house was ou lire. The hall door stood open, it was all friendly and hospitable—and casual! Our servants were all hidden about the house like-rabbits in their burrows, and the hall was absolutely empty' as :we came in; but they had lit a‘.real good peat, fire, and a good thing, too, for there was the most dreadful, all-pervading smell of damp about the place yoU can conceive. .1 . “Norah amt I opened at least-a dozen 'doors each before we thought of taking off our bonnets and pelisses, or sitting down to the supper prepared for us. We stopped to look out of the window at the lake that lay gloomily a few feet away, the water just gleaming green and blue under the last faint streaks of twilight. It was melancholy;’ the stricken' tree was melancholy, the wash of the water was melancholy. Tm rather glad there is no ghost!’ said Norah, slipping her hand into mine. “Then we supped, and held each other’s hands under the table, just like Dick and Eveline; and at nine o’clock, when’we bad ‘got rid of them,’ as we put it, we went up to the large bedroom that had been assigned to us. It was. .oak- pauelled, it was gloomy, it had a large four-post bed, hung with chintz ’of a faded pattern, and would have held four such slips of girls as Norali and me. There was an immense chimney, like another’room, and a horrid cupboard at one.end—‘Just the place for a ghost!’ | murmured Norah, cheerfully. “We began, to discuss things — every thing; in. fact, as young girls will.. Our eyes -were heavy with sleep,; hilt, we rubbed them; our feet grew cold and we warmed them at the fire. There was a clock somewhere far away that struck, the quarters,- and we enjoyed hearing the -time go, and made.up our minds to sit up till twelve, like .grown-up i)eople.. “Twelve began to strike at last. That clock had a strange, hollow sound. “.‘I am really and truly glad there is no ghost,’ Norah had said for the third time just before it began to strike. ‘It would, have happened at the stroke of twelve whatever it was! It always does.’ . ‘ . “At ‘six’ she shivered a little, at ‘eight’ she grasped my hand, at ‘ten’ sho half .closed her eyes and whispered,, ‘Some thing is coming!’ “ ‘Nonsense!’ I began; but the non came on the last stroke, and I never got to sense,, for a series of astonishing and perfectly dreadful shrieks ran through the house. We' innocent country girls had n.wer heard anything worse than a P.if',’ s squeal or a lamb’s bleat, but this ,'was fhel real thing.and no-'mistake.'" It was the yell, of a.trian'in.agony; it'.wii's. every possible,, kind-of-human noise that could be evoked by terror; "Groans—, moans—ci'ios-=-tken along the passage the strange, lumbering noise, as if some heavy thing were' being rolled or dragged slowly along. Ou it came, nearer aiid nearer, and there seemed to be with it a, sound of footsteps and a strange, in termittent jingling noise. AVe felt the iioor .jar under our feet with the weight that in.oved over the boards outside. Our ; door was close to the head, of a little stair-: case—we knew .what .must happen; we heard vho bump hump of the thing, whatever it was, being rolled carefully down the steps. There were thirty steps’, we counted thirty bumps, that seemed to heat on our very hearts. Then there was a silence: 'we''remembered there was a door at the bottom of the staircase— not that we had ever opened it; it seemed to lead into some cellar—and Norah sprang forward and bolted the. door of our room—instead, of opening it to see what wast here, like a.little coward that she was'. ‘T. for one. was no bolder. We both were shivering as we had never shivered on the coldest winter night, and our teeth chattered like-castanets. In the increased gleam- of 'our. two.:candles, as ‘-they itlaved up - before going out, I. . saw her pale H'acc, ancl- k'uew mine was as pale as hers. ••I have heard of people’s hair turning grev in one night from fear ; I suppose we" were too'young for. that, lint when the dawn came and found us lying on the bed .iust as we had at last fallen asleep in our clothes, we must have,look ed -very unlike .the--two healthy girls wno had come.there-only twelve hours be fore. Our old servant came in and scold ed us for not going to bed properly, and, perfectly conscious of our woe-begoue looks, and feeling as- important-as per sons -who. have had a long. aiuL-painful, illness, we went down to breakfast. “Dick and Eveline, who had evidently heard nothing., would not take our story seriously at nil, but alluded to fried beans and bacon the night before. Then they shut themselves up in a kind of morn ing room'that had.been rigged for Eve line, and we wandered.■ miserably about till the evening, when iny eldest cousin, Walter, and his wife Ursula came down to D——. ■ We told our sad story afresh, •of course. After otu-short, uneasy sleep, of the night before, we looked ghastly enough to make them believe we really had gone through something! “Walter and Ursula had been married a couple of years and were not so wrapped up in themselves as Dick and Eveline. They helped ns to make a thorough search. One of the rooms in our corridor had been .lilade 'ready for the new-comers, and' iobkgd as little! ghostly, as possible.’ The other at the far emi was a' perfectly ordinary but cheerless room, built ht.-sueb an angle that itneyer -got any sunf but' not. other wise disagreeable. For this reason, and also ou account of its close, mildewy smell, no one had chosen it. ‘The ghostly procession would, appear to start from there,’ laughed Waiter,. and he imd Ursula volunteered to. sit up with Nora and me till twelve o’clock. Wo accepted eagerly, and at night we had a-good fire lit, plenty of candles, and sat down to have a jolly evening.. Ursula was very gay, up to a certain point, but at ten o’clock I noticed h_>r eyes begin to shift uneasily, and she left off. talking when ever the clock struck ’.the''.'quarters. Walter, who I know fancied that Norah •and I, with the impishness of school girls, had been taking them all in, grew convinced of our seriousness /when all his efforts to tease Norah—slie was as tea sable as schoolgirls generally are— CiiUctl .to olicit n uioglc giggle.1 * I' fcll.aa if every nerve in my body was uneov.er ed, ready to quiver at the first shock of tiie repeated horror. It was like having a tooth out twice over. “We were all quite silent when it be gan to strike midnight. Walter looked gloomily into the fire. I looked at Ur sula. She was very still. I said in a low:voice. ‘Ursula!’ She throwback her head and fainted dead away just before the .stroke of twelve, but nobody at tended, to her, for exactly on the stroke of twelve the shrieks rang':out. again and. again! .“Norah covered her face.Walter sprang up, seized a caudle arid opened the door. We all followed. The noise approached —there came the rolling sound on the oak floor and the metallic jingle—and then a rush of cold wind swept through the open door, and left us In darkness! “Norah tremblingly lit a match, ancl her eve fell on Ursula, in a dead faint. She! Ted Walter, and Ursula came to a littl. . .id clung to her husband, and begf . him to stay with her, and would not „et him go. The noises liad c-eased. Walter was dreadfully vexed at having been prevented from following them up. Then, with a candle each, we walked along the passage. All the doors were fast; not a window was open anywhere to aecouut for that icy .blast; that was more like a breath from a cold church vault, than the mild airs of a September night, . - I “We made no more investigations after that. ' Walter bore Ursula ten derly, away to her room, and -we girls tried; to sleep. .. How could we?, Next day it was determined that everything should he clone to clear up the mystery of our nightly disturbance, and before dark all our arrangements were made. Dick and Walter again examined the empty room at the end of the passage, ancl locked the door, and Dick put the key in his pocket. They sounded the walls, they sounded the floor of the pas sage, and line! a lamp put on a shelf just over the door of the empty room. A number of candles were taken to our room and lit, until the chimney-piece looked like the altar of a Roman Catholic church. Walter hack secured an old stable lantern, which he thought would stand the breeze better than our host of candles. “Dick and Eveline,, who intended to share our vigil, had a brilliant idea; it was to have supper spread—and a good one, too—in our room, so that we should have something to, do besides .sitting op posite each other adicb solemnly staring into each other’s faces. A little. Dutch courage was also, suggested as an addi tion. Ursula promised not. to faint, on condition she was given none of it. . Dick 'and Eveline,.who.came fresh to -the scene of our- terrors, and whose nerves ‘were not shattered;by. the repetition of itwo - such nights'-' as ours,- were gay enough at first, while Ursula, too, who had contrived to be in such, a faint the night before as to hear nothing, was quite herself again. But at half-past eleven we had finished eating—Walter had ended, all his stories—Nor^h couldn’t sit still—there were dreadful pauses, broken only by labored - remarks from one or the* other of us about anything but the subject in hand—the only one in which anybody was really interested. But I remember Dick saying to Walter, ,‘I think -you are quite- overdoing this lighting-rip business, it will frighten those rascals, and they will lie by to night, and we shall be no wiser.1 “He evidently thought it a case of thieves or moonlighters, and 1 noticed a revolver sticking up out of his pocket, and I fancy Walter had one, too. “As midnight drew near we were all absolutely silent. There was the faint sound of the water washing against the little landing-stage by the lake-side, and the fall of the embers in the fire—nothing else. The night was. extremely still and very date- ‘-The birch boughs:that:grew close pp -to and "Touched our windows did pot make the slightest stir. against the glass panes, so there would-be posi tively nothing tq flccgpjii fov tho vuah I ing wind ’In tlie passage, if it shouIcT come again-. : “At last it began to strike twelve. ! Walter took up his lantern in one hand aud his revolver in the other, and stood, his hand on the latch, ready to throw open the door at the slightest sound. He waved his hand to keep ns all back, b.ut it was curiosity, I am- afraid, .mot courage,. that made us gather all round the door, behind him and Dick. “Niue—ten— eleven—twelve—and then that dreadful cry'. * “Walter opened--the door and stepped out, and the flame of his lantern flicker ed wildly in the blast of ice-cold air- that swept into the- room and' extinguished every caudle hut oue.- It did not go, out, however, aud he flashed it down the pas sage, and we all looked over his shoul der aud saw at the ex-treme end of the corridor what seemed to he a deepening I of the shadow about the door -of the iempty room. Then, to-our wonder,.this jshadow seemed to-gather into shape, and passed slowly towards us along the pas sage. . Iloliing .round and round,-a dark shade; two.,or three .feet,liigh-r-a-s a mist cloud is rolled, .when the- west. .wind arises aud drives it idown a river -valley. The cries aud voices had ceased, and.as tills unaccountable shadow passed along, the flooring creaked, and we heard a hollow sound, so exactly like that caused By a great cask or barrel being rolled along, that it was impossible not to believe that we were actually watch ing some-sueh thing pushed along,1 and turning round aud round as it passed. Not one- of us stirred hand or foot as it • canie on. We even stood ba'ek to let it go by. Slowly creaking over the l boards, it passed us'and came1 to- the betid of the staircase.’! There it: stopped for a moment, aud then began to- roll down.1 /We followed. Step by step,-as we htiti heard it the past two nights-; we now saw it go; and stole after it. “‘There is a door at1 the foot of the stairs,’ gasped Walter. “ T have- all tlie keys,! said Dick. \ “The semblance of this ghostly barrel stopped for a moment at the foot of the stairs. The door had'a slightly raised sill, too narrow for its passage. Exactly as if it bad been raised by human hands, the shadowy barrel was lifted1, and, after being poised for a- moment on’ the’ sill, rolled in and seemed to fall on to a hollow-sounding stone floor. “Walter put liis hand out. ‘Give me the keys/ he said. “Dick handed him tile bunch, and. after trying one or two. the door yielded and we went in..’ It was a small,.square cellar, - perfectly empty, perfectly clean, with four liare walls and a window high up, closed-by bars, but ' without glass. 1 That was all. ’- - ~ “ ‘Whatever it is, it is here.’ Dick said, ' soleumly; ‘but it must wait till’ morn ing.’ He put his arm round Eveline, who stood shivering beside him; “Gome, darling; you ought not to be here. Be sides, ids over for to-night. Gd back: to your rooms, all of you.’ He locked the door of tlie cellar, aud we all- filed up stairs agaiu. “Next day Dick, having sent for Den nis, the gardener, despatched him for men and implements, and by twelve o'clock a little group of workmen, under ■ the superintendence of Dick and Walter, visited the cellar. We women were not strietiy invited, but it was found impossible to- keep us out, emboldened as we were by numbers aud the whole some daylight-. Every stone of the floor ing was removed,, and under- one of mem a Heavy xmie Darrel, of ancient make, was discovered and opened by a few strokes of a hatchet. . “We girls, looking over the men's shoulders, saw that it- was empty, except for a whitish substance, and' buried among that a bunch of' keys and a watch. “Nothing else! It was explained’to us that the white substance was quick lime. which will destroy ahy human re-- , mains in. • the shortest ’’possible time. The watch was an old-fashioned turnip wateli, sucli as gentlemen used to wear. The jingling noise we had heard: was obviously made by the bunch of keys; which were attached to a bulky cluster of valuable seals. They were at once sent to Dick’s uncle. “Dick’s uncle proved to be very uncom municative in the matter, and' it was allowed! to-drop. But Eveline, some tiihe after, m a moment of confidence, in formed No rah and; mo- that? the- watch bore the Marclimont crest and! certain initials, which made it easily traceable to a member of tlie family, while among the keys were two. which opened chests in the house where old Marehmont lived. One of these chests- had been broken open, aud a new key made—the other, then considered of ho interest, had been allowed to remain.in a deserted lumber room. “ ‘And did they open it?’ I asked. “ ‘Yes.’ “‘And did they find out anything?’ “ 'They found papers relating to the owner-'of .the watch.’ ’ . . : “ ‘They know liis narno, then?! \- “ ‘Yes,’ said. EVeline,. portentously. ..‘Iv appears,that, lie had .heeii. foully " mur dered. . . . and. ...” She sud-! denly grow reticent.: ‘I am not goiDg to tell you anything- more. You are two. dreadfully curious little girls, and-. Dick has particularly- forbidden me to, reveal, family seciots.’ “ ‘Of a discreditable nature?’ said T„ pertly and rudely, urged by- my baulked curiosity.. “ ‘Every family has a skeleton in tlie cupboard,’ added.. Eveline,, ‘any family of any age and importance, at least.’ “ ‘A skeleton in a cupboard; is a very, respectable thing to have," I retorted. ‘Yery! But yours is only a ghost in a tub!’’’—“Black and'White.”1 ' There is a. genus-o£ humanity who- J never enjoy themseves better than when reading about the number of waggons the world's yield of corkscrews would; All, or what would be the height of a; pyramid represented by the annual in come in sovereigns of a "Westminster or ■ a Brasscy. Here is a beery thing of the kind in' which they may fkid-satisfae-, tion:— ■; ; .. With every tick of the clack; £6 15s; worth of beer vanishes down the world’s , throat;- every minute £410. worth- disap pears;' every hour .the world - pays ’£24,'651' for its beer; and every day-it swallows the yearly income of 3,000 mid-' dle-class families in nearly £600,000 worth of the “brown beverage.” Stu pendous as these figures are, especially' when we consider that, the world’s beer- • bill for a year amounts to £216,000,000 ‘ sterling, the figures whteh represent the quantity consumed are almost incredible. The beer- which is consumed through out the world hi a single year would make a lake 6ft, deep, .3% miles long, ,, and a mile wide, or 2,319 acres in area, - In this vast lake of beer (says the writer) we could easily drown all the English-. • speaking people, to the number of 120,000,000, throughout the entire world; or we could give a beer-bath to every man, woman, and child at the saromtime " in (he entire continent of America; ‘ while, all the peoples of England? Scot- . land, Ireland, and. France .canid find, •standing room on its bed. . ■■■. ; Modest -'Monsieur Louhe.*,r The French President, dislikes the heafe 'kept up by: M. Faure. who used \c>, be escorted about the Elysegs-^by-servhiit^cariylng lighted . cap.aiC3,.:and;;wa^)ng backwards, r His? • simple. nuiunp^ nre makiug him very i popular. ■ y ."\ ‘v- •'. 