COURSING. What with Armidale, Salisbury, Tamworth, and Manilla running periodical oouning meetings, the bares are threatened with a particularly lively time during the next few months. . It is stated on reliable authority that three loose boxes recently oooupied by racehorses at a certain local hotel, are at present UBed for stabling a trio of smart-looking greyhounds. The changes in sport are astonishing. Greyhounds, aud dogs called by a similar name, are very plentiful in and around. Armidale just now. It is not an unusual sight to see the enthusiasts in this branoh of snort leading ttou obMnptuus aoout mo city. There haB been quite a demand for brown bread and leather mnzsles in Armidale during the past week or two. The supply of chaff • bags is also giving out. Trade has been con siderably inflated of late owing to the run on greyhound- dog supplies. -According to a countryman from way up north, where the potatoes go a dozen to the beg, a certain dog owned by him can " catch any hare that ever flew—by ghost be can." This idenrioal "eleotrio "current" will be amongst the triers on Wednesday, and punt ers are coun-elled to be on the look-out. The following northern district coursing i clubs have affiliated with tbe N.8.W. Associa tion t—Central New England (Armidale), New England (UiaUa), Emmaville, Tam- | worth. Boone, and Manilla. Armidale is "ringer" with dog registration, the number bring 105 (exclusive of a few litters of pup pies}; .Tarnworth registered. 81, Soon* 57, Uralla 54, Emmariile 46, and Manilla 21. : The well-known coursing enthusiast, Mr. Sam Bladon, of Booty Hill, returned unex pectedly from England last week. While in England, Mr. Bladon, who took a couple of. Aoetralianhounde . with him, met with very little success.. He disposed of his hound Bogan, who competed in the big Waterloo Cup, to A- 0. H'Laien, the oraok English orioketer, who intends devoting some of his leisure toooursing. Some of the looal dog owners know nearly as muoh /about training as a cinnamon bear knows about a dress suit. Many of the systems employed for preparing the canines' for their work at the forthcoming meeting are. ftmiudng and Interesting, and .were it not for the faot that it would be giving away.free gratis, to dog trainers at Booty Hill, Moonee Valley, and other renowned coursing locali ties, the methods promulgated by a combina tion of local talent,'the CneomoLB would give exhaustive details. ; Considerable disoussion has been going on lately In local oourring oiroles as to whether a non-member of any registered olub could run a dog in any events promoted by affiliated clubs. It was generally contended that a nominator must belong to an-affiliated olub or to tire head Association, although a few mem bers differed on the subject. To Anally settle the question, Mr. M. Dillon wrote to the gov erning body for su opinion, and the matter was discussed at a meeting in Sydney last week, when the eubjeot was thoroughly threshed out. The point at issue was a very tough one for the head Association to deoide, the mehbgrs being completely "tied in a knot"dverib The chairman (Mr. Coombaa) abited that, although there was no rule on; the print, he thought it was neoossary for every nominator to be either a member of the Assoriation or one of Its' affiliated dubs, or a member; of^aotne iiindred Assoriation in another colony, with whlohthey had a reoi prodty agreement .- Mr. Wrir was of the sarnie pinion. O thm tpeakera were of opinion thatan"qpefi.". jstskpahoqldnothe confined to members alone, hut that -all-oomera (non members) riioold be allowed toioompete. On a vote bringtricea, it was nedved ihat " in ' open' stakes it lajtri twcsuwy for the nomi nator to bea member of either the Association or an affiliated olub, always providedthat the dog nominated shall be registered,'/- This le good news for oountiyoooraera, and the falreet dedstai that wall he arrived at, Wednesday next, May 10, will be an im-1 portent day in Armidale for followers of coursing, as on that date the Central Mow England (Armidale) Coursing Club bold their i first meeting, on the looal raoeoourse, when the Armidale Cup, of £10-for an unlimited number of dogs—will be decided. This Club promises to develop into one of the moet sue oesaful outside the metropolis—nearly 100 members are already on the roll, which is rapidly increasing; and the number of.dogs registered point to a reoord entry being re ceived. A number of first class dogs have' been "imported" from down oountry—in faot, every town and village for miles round will be represented by its champion " dorg," and some excellent trials should take place, Tbo hares at present in the enclosure at. Kelly's Plains are reported to be in good eon - dition, and " lively gentlemen." Everything possible has been done by the Committee to make the sport enjoyable to the speotators; and as Mr. Geo. Hurle will fill the position of judge, dog-owners oan rest assured of fair and impartial decisions—an absolute necessity for the welfare of oo urging. As the sport is intensely exciting, and, to most people, novel, there ehould be" a dense crowd of speotators at the initial meeting of the Club. Entries close with the Seoretaty (Mr. M. Dillon) on -Mon day evening next, at 8 .o'clook, when the draw will take plaoe, and all final arrange ments are to be made. 