FUND FOR PUBLISHING SERMONS. Donations toward» the publication of Sermons will be aratefullv received by Mrs. Faut). Mrs, Nicholas, New Town, or MIHI Nutt, 24, fHtzrou-Place. "BE NOT CYRRITD VBOUT B\ RIOHT Rm T C Rill-, DD, Bishop of Liverpool " Bo not carne* about with divers anti stringo doctrlnev The Dil me Coinfoi tor of the Church, the Hol) Ghost has alwajs cmplojcd one gi cat agent to oppose Satans deuces 'i hat agent is the Word ot God The Wortl cvplamcd and opened up-the Wortl mndc clear to the head and apjilicd to the heart -the Word ih the chosen w capon bj w hich the dei 11 must be confronted and con founded Hie Woul w us the sword w hieb the Loid Jesus v. leltled in the temptation lo cicrj assaultof the Temptei he replied, ' It is written The Word Is the swoid which His ministers must use in the pro sent daj, if the) would succc-sfulh resist the dei 11 Ihc Bible, faithfull) and freely expounded, is the safeguard of Chi 1st s Church You Hi e in an ap-e w hen men pro fess to dlklilvo dogmas and creeds and arc filled w ith a morbid dislike to control erslal theoloRj Ile who daies to sav of one doctrine tint it is ti ne and of another that itis false, mustcipcct to be called narrow minded and unchui ítable and to lose the praise of men nevertheless the Scripture was not written in vn.ni flic meaning of these words is not a hard thing vv Inch vv e cannot understand Be not tossed to and fro the Apostle seems to si} bj everj bl ist of false teaching like ships without compiss or rudder False doctrines will arise as long us the world lists in number many in minor details varj mp; in one point alone alvvnvs the same-strange new foreign and etc parting fiom the t ospel of Christ Thev do exist now The} will always bo found within the visible Chuieli Remember tins, and be not can icd aw av Such Is St Pauls warning Reader the Apostle s warning does not staud alone Even in the midst of the Sermon on the Mount there fell from the loving lips of our Saviour a solemn caution Beware of false prophets which come unto you in sheep s clothing but nivv irdly thev me ravemngwolvcs (Mitthcvvvii li)Lvenin St PaulslastaddresstotlitLi hesinneld rs though he finds no time to hpeik nbout the Sacraments he does find time to warn his friends against false doctrine Of your own selves shall men arise spell mg perverse things Suielj the dumb dog and the sleeping slicpheid are the best allies of the wolf the thief mid the robbei It is not for nothiii;, th it St Piul sijs If thou putthebiethren in rimembinnce of these things thou shalt be ii good uiinistci of Jesus Chnst (1 Tun i\ 5) Reader a plain warning against false doc trine is specially needed in England in the present day the school of the Pharisees and the school of the Sadducees those ancient mothers of all mischief were never more active than they are now Between men adding to the truth on one side and men taking away from it on the other-between those who bury truth under additions and those who mutilate it by subtractions—between superstition and Infidelity—between Romanism and neology - between Ritualism and Rational ism—between these upper and nether mill stones the life of the Gospel is well nigh crushed to death Strange views are con tinually propounded by clergymen about subjects of the deepest importance About the atonement the divinity of Christ the Inspiration of the Bible the reality of miracles, the eternity of future punish ment—about the Church the ministerial office the Sacraments, the confessional the honour due to the Virgin, prayers for the dead-about all these things there is nothing too monstrous to be taught by English ministers in these latter days By the pen and by the tongue, by the press and by the pulpit, the country is inces santly deluged with a flood of erroneous opinions To ignore the fact is mere affec tation Others see it if we pretend to be ignorant of It The danger is real, great and unmistakable Never was it so needful to say "Be not carried about." Does any one ask me, What is the best safeguard against false doctrine?—I answer In one word The Bible the Bible regularly read regularly prayed over regularly studied If we want a weapon to wield against the devices of Satan there Is nothing like the sword of the Spirit the Word of God But to wield it successfully we must read it habitually diligently intelligently and prayerfully This is a point on which I fear many fail In an age of hurry and bustle few read theil Bibles as much a* they should More books are read than ever, but less of the one Book \which makes man wise unto salvation Rome and neology could never have made such havoc in the Church if there had not been a most superficial knowledge of the Scriptures throughout the land A Bible reading laity is the strength of a Church Reader search the Scriptures Mark how the Lord Jesus Christ and His apostles contlnuall) refer to the Oltl Testament is a document justas authoritative as the New Mink how the) quote texts from the Old lesta ment as the voice of God as if ciery woid wasL,nen b\ inspiration Mark how the I greatest miracles in the Old Testament are all referred to In the Ne« us un questioned and unquestionable facts Mark how all the leading events in the Pentateuch are incessantl) named as Ins toncal events whose leahty admits of no dispute Mink how the atonement anti sncnllce mil through the whole Blblefiom first to last as an essential doctnne of rev elation Re ider I beliei e there nev el was a time when it was inoie needful to uphold the old ajiostolic piescilption than it is in the present tlav Nev er vi ere there so man) unestablished and unsettled Chnstlnns wandeiing about and tossed to and fro from want of knowledge Nevci was it so important for faithful ministois to set the trumpet to their mouths and proclaim ev ervwhere Giace Brace crace not meats establishes the heart rrom the da)s of the Vpostles there have never been vv anting quack spiritual doctors w ho hav e professed to heal the w ounds of con science w ith man made remedies In oui ow n belov ed Church thei elia ve alw a) s been some w ho have in heart turned back to Egypt and not content with the sim pllcit) of our worship have hankered attei the ceremonial fleshpots of the Church of Rome Laud of unhappy memory did a little in this wa) , but his doings were nothing compared to those of many clergy men in the present dny To hear the Sacraments incessantly exalted, and preaching cried down-to see the Lord's Supper turned Into an idol under the speoious pretext of making it more honour- able-to And plain Prayer-book worship overlaid with so many newfangled orna- ments and ceremonies that its essentials arc quite buried-how common is all this ! These things were once u pestilence that walked in darkness. Tiley are now a de- struction that wastes in noonday. They are the joy of our enemies, the sorrow of the Church's best children, the damage of English Christianity, the plague of our times. And to what may they all bo traced ? To neglect or forgetfulness of St. Paul's simple prescription : " Grace, and not meats, establishes the heart." Reader, take heed that in your own personal religion, grace is all. Have clear systematic views of the Gospel of the grace of God. Nothing else will do good in the hour of sickness, in the day of trial, on the bed of death, and in the swellings of Jordan. Christ dwelling in your heart by faith, Christ's free grace the only foundation under the sole of your foot-this alone will cive peace. Once let in self, and forms. and man's inventions, as a necessary pat 6 of your religion, and you are on a quick- sand. You may bo amused, excited, or kept quiet for a time, like children with toys, by a religion of " meats." But unless your religion be one in which "grace" is al), you will never feel established. Now, establishment of heart is one of the great wants of many professing Christians. Specially is it longed nfter by those whose knowledge is imperfect, and whose con- science is half enlightened. Such persons often feel in themselves much indwelling sin, and at the same time see very Indis- tinctly God's remedy and Christ's fulness. Their faith is feeble, their hope dim, and their consolations small. They want to realise more sensible comfort. They fancy they ought to feel more, and see more. Tlicy aro not at ease. They cannot attain to joy and peace in believing. Whither shall they turn Î What shall set their con- sciences at rest ? Then comes the enemy of souls, and suggests some short-cut road to establishment. He hints at the value of some addition to the simple plan of the Gospel, some man-made device, some exaggeration of a truth, some Ilesh- satisfy ing invention, some improvement on the old path, and whispers, " Only use this, and you shall be established." Plausible offers flow in at the same time from every quarter like quack medicines. Each has its own patrons and advocates. On every side the poor unstable soul hears invita tions to move in some particular direction, and then shall come perfect establishment. Between the .plain Bible, honestly and fairly Interpreted, and extreme Ritualism there is a gulf which cannot be passed. Reader, if you would not be carried ubout by clivers and strange doctrines, remember the advice I give you : " Search the Scrip- tures." Ignorance of the Bible is the root of all error. Knowledge of the Bible is the best antidote against modern heresies. In the last place, make sure work of your own personal salvation. Seek to know and feel that you are saved. The day of controversy is always a day of spiritual peril. Men are apt to confound orthodoxy with conversion. Yet mero earnestness without knowledge, and mere head-know- ledge of Protestantism, alike save none. Reader, never forget this. Rest not till you feel the blood of Christ sprinkled on your conscience, and have the witness of the Spirit within you that you nre born again. It is the possession of grace In the heart, and not the Intellectual knowledge | of it, (that saves the souL 