CHAPTER VII. I UNPLEASANT QUESTIONS. | " The lady is asking for me, did j you say, Dave ? Just tell her that I I'll be down ih a moment. Why are you standing there, staring at me like a fool ?" " 'Cause you look mighty like a ghost," was the imprudent reply of the boy, as he gazed at the white face of the woman he had come tr summon. A ioolc of rage Hashed into her eyes, and coming closer to the lad. she caught him roughly by the neck. " Don't you say a word about, that girl if they ask you, or I'D choke you, just so !" and her fingers closed tightly over his throat. He made an effort to disengage himself, as a ray of intelligence shot into his eyes. He knew now why the woman looked so pale and shook like a leaf, for he had seen 1 the beautiful girl down stairs be- ; fore, and like a flash, it came to him j that she was the one that Amy had told him about. " Let go my neck, and I'll pro mise you.any thing," he said. " And keep it, too ?" Yes, indeed. Trust me to keep my word. Dave Roberts never forgets a promise." The fingers relaxed their hold, and, breathing more freely, the boy departed to report that the mistresB would be along as soon as possible. When he was gone, Mrs. White took down the dress that she had worn to Amy's aunt's, more than six weeks before, and hastily made her toilet, smoothing her hair as she looked about for the glasses which she wore before strangers, because it looked more respectable, she thought. 2*ot finding them, she mechanic ally thrust her hand into her pocket and pulled out—not the glasses— but the money that Amy had been accused of stealing. This did not serve to calm her troubled mind, but putting on the best face pos sible, she went down, smiling and bowing to the lady and gentleman with an obsequiousuess that nearly, upset Edith's gravity. Oscar at once broached the sub ject. " My sister tells me that she, on a former occasion, met a young girl here. Can we see her ?" " To be sure you could, if the dear child was nore; but a terrible acci dent has happened since your sister saw her. The creek was very high, and just as the poor girl was cross ing it she fell in, and that's the last that has ever been heard of her." " It is very strange that we heard nothing of this, and living not more than eight iniles from here," replied the gentleman, suspiciously. " Was the body never found ?" asked Edith, with a face as pale as a pond lily. " Bless your heart, the water was too high for anything of that kind. Couldn't begin to drag the stream with that flood rushing along." " What was her name V' asked Oscar, abruptly. " Amy Jones. Now I come to think of it, your sister married a Jones, didn't she ?" " My sister's marriage has nothing to do with the subject, madam. Please confine yourself to it in your remarks,'' \va3 the haughty reply. Edith, I can see no use in our re maining here any longer." " Nor I. Oh, Oscar, who could have dreamed of our mission ending in this way ?" and the tear's sprang to her eyes. He bent his head, and whispered: "Be calm, Edith. Don't parade your sorrow before these people, or our secret will be theirs." She hastily dried up her tears, and passed out, leaning on her brother's arm, bravely keeping back the grief that was swelling her bosom. The horses were waiting, held by the landlord; and lifting his sister into the saddle, Oscar tossed the man a crown for his trouble, and they galloped away. Miss Mere dith was a good rider, but it re quired all her skill to keep her seat, as, turiring a sudden bend in the road, her horse gave a quick plunge, and shied to the other side of the turnpike. " What do you mean V' asked the gentleman sharply of a boy, who had jumped over the fence and soared the animal. " I moan to be here just now," was the sullen reply. " That's a nice way to talk to a person when he wants to be ot use to you. Oh, golly! didn't that old woman lie like the dickens " Do you know anything of the girl, Amy Jones asked Oscar, a dim perception dawning on his inind that he should get at the truth from the boy. " More'n she'd like me to tell "— pointing in the direction of the house, and shaking his list in a vin dictive manner—" l'or she said she'd choke mo to death if I opened my mouth." " Go on, go on," cried Oscar and Edith at once. " Well, I will, if you'll give me a little time," replied Dave, puffing and blowing. " It took mighty fast | running to get here before you, and I'm almost, out of breath. About two weeks after you folks drove away in such high glee, Mother White came into the kitchen and told Amy that she had robbed her. The girl turned like a ghost, and almost swore that she hadn't seen the money, but the woman shut her up in the wood-shed, saying that she should stay there till she con fessed. I tried to keep her out, but the old one pitched me to the other side of the kitchen, and threw the poor thing in more dead than alive. I was cunning enough for her, though, and after they were all asleep I stole down and took Amy out to the pump, washed her face j till she came to, and gave her all the I money I had to take her to New York. Mother White really believes that she is drowned, for I brought in a shoe next morning, letting on that I found it in the water. I did, but I put it there, too." j "Did Amy know any one in New j York 1" asked the gentleman. ! " An old woman that used to | keep house for her father. She | thought that she could find her." " Great Heaven!" cried Oscar, growing pale in an instant. "Just think of that child, alone in the ' great city, without home, friends, or money, hunting for a person, who may have moved a dozen times since she knew her. Edith, she had far better be lying beneath the cold waves, I fear." " You don't think she has come to harm, do you ?" asked the lad. " It is impossible to think other wise. But you meant well, and your secret shall be kept, for the time at least." " You'll try to find her, may be ?" said Dave, doubtfully. "1 shall leave no means untried to do so. Can I aid you in any way ?" asked Oscar. "If you can help me to a situa tion, where I could find time to pick up a little learning from books now and then,. I'd be mighty much obliged to you." " Do you want an education ?" asked the gentleman, looking at him in some surprise. "More than anything on earth," answered Dave, with an eagerness that almost transfigured his homely, freckled face into a handsome one, " I promised my mother on her dy ing bed to learn all I could—to study hard if I got the chance." " I'll remember your kindness to Amy," Was the gentleman's brief reply. " Good-bye." 