ODDS AND ENDS. "Hamlet. lias made niotc motiev than any other plav in the English language. The .Iapane.se address their letters the reverse of what we do, writing the country lit sit. the stale or province next, then the ici:\\-, the street and number, and. the name la-t of all. The lJloomsbury (London) County Court •Judge is so largely occupied in settling dressmaking disputes that a side room is set - apart lor ladies desirous of donning the gannents in dispute for the Judge's inspection. \- • . Llamas are the chief freight-carriers in ^ Ccn'ral Peru. The usual load for an animal is about J00 lb. If you put upon his back more than lie can easily carry, he quietlv kneels, and will not budge until the load is reduced. The French language is said to be better adapted to the purpose of tile telephone than the English, because the large numlier of sibilant or hissing syllables in English renders it a less easy and accurate means of communication. Al the onening of the A egetanan Congress in Ixmdon, Professor Mayor, of Cainbridge, claimed Omdunnan as a vegetarian victorv. The whole of the native troops who fought on the British side were said to be vegetarians. , , . Lord Khartoum always felt his sympathies strong!v drawn towards Egypt. He used to delight in studying the history- and geography of the East. He was one of-tlie first officers to believe in the future value ot the Egvptian Arm v. The discovery has been iuade thai .there is a minor planet, which is 22,000,000 miles nearer the earth than -Mars, hitherto regarded as our nearest neighbour in space. The new planet will be only about 13,000,000 miles away when nearest u£- . . " The term of a prisoner in' Mexico is divided into three periods. The first is occupied with penal labour, the second is spent 111 the training-school, with small pay, .ind che third is preparatory to. freedom, with paid work and many privileges.- . •• A thousand million persons travel uy train in the United Kingdom ever}' year; or, perhaps, it would be more correct to say that every person in the - Lotted Kingdom, on an average, goes by" tram tweutv-five times during tlie twelve mourns. It is asserted that David's tomb on Mount Zion, which is a Mohammedan shrine of the most sacred character, and to which tlie Emperor William was recently admitted by the Sultan's express ordet, liad never been seen by a Christian since IIS". Diamond cutters are divided, into '.ttaee classes—the cleavers, -who' split the stone in the rough into proper diape; the shapers, who. with machines and diamond dust, work the stone into the most beautiful shape they can; and. the polishers, who give tlie gem the lustre that dazzles. - n. A tunnel has been completed right through the rock of Gibraltar, which in wartime is to lie used 'for strategic purposes. It is 1,100 yards iii length, 10 ft. wide, and from 8 ft. to 14 ft- in height-"- • It penetrates the great roek from ' west to east, and took -thirteen months. to bore. ltoyal wedding cakes are never sent out until* they have matured at least sis months. The actual baking process lasts from five to seven hours. So great is the demand for cake on the occasion, of a Eoyal wedding that the makers have always a stock of more than 2,000 lb. in;the seasoning room. . - ; _ _ Nirrafon, the volcanic nng island, is-a lonelv spot in the Pacific^ Mdway-betweeit Fiji "and Samoa. It . is.three*-niBes "in external diameter, and- the entire coast line is formed of black lava, rocks. _ Inside is • a. deep depression, two -miles inndiameter, surrounded by cliffs 300 ft- high. It contains u deep, calm lake, on the eastern side of which is a peninsula formed'by the.eruptions of 1886. An ingenious scheme is on foot for providing pensions . by co-operation, and •£250.000 lias been subscribed towards it. The bases of the plan is _payruent of a small sum down, and the accumulated interest will enable the survivors to be paid pensions after twenty years. Each purchaser of a deferred pension has a commission for bringing in new ones, which takes the form of an addition to Ins pension. Vegetable gems are among the queer things tbat are found in tlie Philippines. The bamboo is empty normally, but once in a -while there is found in the bamboo stem., a gem which presents the appearance of an op J dl. Again, the milk in the cocoanut • is generally^ considered its only contents.' The really ripe nut, however, is filled with a white spongy mass, which, when exposed to" the sun and carefully pressed, has developed the presence of small spheres with'much of the lustn; of the pearl. - African wars have been the. .chief means of promotion of nearly all our great British Generals. Lord Wolseley, for instance^ owes his present position almost entirely to the work be has done in Afrirti. Tel-el-Kebir lironght him a peerage, and the result of the Nile expedition a little later was that he became a Viscount. Lord Koberfs, indeed, owes his present position-to his"brilliant . achievements in India and Afghanistan, but the L'mbeylab and Abyssinian Campaigns brought linn advancement as well. A "genius has invented an. electrical apparatus by the use of which a person .may sit in a dark .room and look at a scene iu another part of a town regardless" of intervening obstructions. It is claimed that the instrument operates similarly td "the. telephone. Scientists explain the transmission of sound ever telephone vires by the thc-orv of sound waves. The. inventor of the new instrument claims, that Jiis appli; - ance transmits light" waves,, just ,.as ".tl)e . sound waves are carried over the - -wire by electricity. \ , , Stored awav in .one of the vaults of the United States Treasury are precious stones rare perfumes, jewelled swords,- and other articles of historic and intrinsic value , that have been accumulating for years.. Among the most prized treasures of .the .collection are a bottle of gems and a vial filled with almost priceless attar of roses. Tradition has it- that the jewels are algo of very great value. Thev were presented to President Martin vaii 'Buren by the Imaum of Muscat in 1839. Many of the swords have- gold hilt.- set with, gems, and commemorate great military events. \- • Every one may not know what "tlie term "benefi t of peerage" implies. A. Peer can demand a private audience of the Sovereign to represent his views on matters of public welfare. For treason or felony he can demand to be tried by his peers; he cannot be . outlawed in any civil action, nor can he be arrested unless for an indictable offence, and he is exemnt from serving on Juries. He may sit with liis liat on in Courts of Justice! and should he be liable to the last penalty of the law, he can demand a silken cord instead of a hempen rope. - 5( Tlie stokers on board an ocean "liner, nrovided the men are steady in their habits. suffer very little from their arduous labours. A stoker works four hours at a stretch, and during that time the temperature of his surroundings varies from 120 dcg. to 160 deg. One stoker usually has four fnmaces to attend to, and while feedin<* one furnace, a man has to lie extremely «-a?eftil n T his arm will be bnrnt by the furnace behind him. A mail is occupied for al cut three minutes at each • furnace. Ifclias been found tbat the work is least injurious to the men who are regularly cinploved at it. . The vellow-and-red Spanish flag-is the oldest of anv used by the Europe»h Powers, as it was first flown in 1785. The French tri-colour was first used in 1795, the red English ensign, with the present Union Jack in the upper canton, in 1801, the present Italian flag in 1848, the present Austro- Hnngarian flag in 1867. and the German flag in 1871. The Stars and Stripes of the United . States .is older than any of these, as it-was adopted in lm. and the.only alteration ir. has undergone has been the addition of a new star whenever a new State has been added to the Union. The speeches which are the best reading are not always the best hearing. One is almost tempted to say that the effect of a speech is in the inverse ratio of its literary quality. But that would be ah exaggeration. It is true, however, to say that, the effect of a speech upon the audience depends primarily upon the possession by the speaker of certain physical advantages, secondarily upon bis character, and only in a subordinate degree upon its literary merits.—"Saturday Review." Kngland is a highly civilized country, with centnries of culture,, with ingrained habits of investigation, shrewd at bargaining., rich in aphorisms of worldly "wisdom, with hundreds of newspapers, and millions of books, and tens of thousands of schools; and yet, with all this background of history, and all this mighty apparatus of knowledge, we all know that, once a popular delusion is started, it will race through flic land like flame over a prairie, claiming millions as its victims. The most superficial ghost stories are greedily swallowed, the alleged healing powers of some quack, if sufficiently advertised, are believed.— '"Spectator." During 1S97 an American newspaper tried to keep a record of all people reported, to have died in the United States at the age of 100 years or over. The total reported, was. curiously enough,." iuat 100. Twothirds of these were women, all but four being white women.- Of the coloured centenarians, thirteen were mci. The oldest person to die was a coloured man aged 125\. A white man died at St. Louis, who elainie-i to be 141, but there was inT proof that tie was over 12L The oldest whitewoman was 120. There were fourteen people whose ages ranged from U0 to 123. 