THE ETHICS OF BOUN DARY SPREADING. "T Great jubilation is expressed in English clerical and official circles in consequence of the fact that the Soudan has been reclaimed from barbarism and savagery and thrown open, to the civilising and Chris- tianising influences of British go vernment. The same thing has happened in Australia, but where are the poor heathen who were to have been civilised and Chris tianised? Most of them dead, of course. In Tasmania they are all dead. In the other colonies they ntiA rlvTirtr Anf. i»rmif11xr ortrl onnflmv generation will see the last of the aborigines. Can anyone tell in what way the Unfortunate Natives of this continent have been bene fitted by being brought within the pale of civilisation ? .. Is there any pTvatiw for the better in the intel- lectual, moral, or physical condition of the unfortunate natives of this or any eastern colony? Are they one whit less degraded than they were when they were first intro duced to European civilisation ? As far as one can see they have only superadded the knowledge and practice of " white" vices to their own indigenous stock, intellectual elevation has not yet made itself annarent among them, while their rapid effacement shows pretty con clusively that the diseases acquired by them from contact with emis saries of civilisation are quite as ; deadly, and much less merciful, than the leaden hail of the Maxims which has just introduced the Soudanese to the ways of civilisa tion. The same thing holds true with regard to the Maoris. The New- Zea land native races were much superior to the Australian, but they are all going me same way. rney are somewhat better fitted to cope with the . i Deadly Agencies of Civilisa tion, and it may consequently take another half-century before the last of the Maoris gives up the ghost. But the race is doomed just as surely as the Red Indian of North America or the wretched blackf ellow of Ans- ti-alia. It is not likely that the African will disappear in the same way as these others we have men- mentioned, for he has a persistent I vitality which seems to. enable him I to live beside the white man. But he will never be admitted to an equality of rights with the white man. TJe will never be treated except as a member of an inferior and dependent race. That can be j plainly shown by the example of America. The Yankees boast loudly that theirs is the country of liberty and equality. They hypocritically boast that they undertook the Date War with Spain for the purpose ot freeing the | Cubans from Spanish oppression I and misgovernment, and they also declare their , intention of an nexing the Phillipines for the purpose of extending to the people of those islands the benefits of their enlightened and beneficent ad ministration. . No doubt American rule will be much better than Spanish, but neither the Cubans or Filipinos want American rule. It is being forced upon them. ; They want independence, and the Yankees, when they hold.themselves up, to the , admiration of t-lie civilised world ' as exemplars of all the national vir tues, might do well to remember that they have in their own country millions of people to whom they deny the rights of free men. The Negroes of the Southern States are a despised, and proscribed race, kept in a state of helotage, forbidden the political and social privileges of the whites, denied access to any op portunities of value to the whites, refused the protection of the laws of their country, occupying a position worse. than that of ordinary serfdom. When the Americans have placed their own house in order , it will be time for them to talk of going'forth j like knight errants to succour the oppressed of other countries. But in spite of high-sounding cant, no one with any sense can affect to believe that it was solici tude for the welfare of the Cubans which precipitated the war. It was no altruistic sentiment which moved the crowds of New York or inspired the fighting men under Shafter and Sampson. The senti ment which appealed to them was that of the street cry : " To hell with Spain ! Remember the Maine." It was a War of Revenge for the blowing-up of the Maine, a disaster . which the Yankees chose, on scant evidence, to attribute to the ! ortf a-P Qnoui'ali AfifiAOI'fl TKa wop woe an unholy campaign of vengeance, undertaken in compliance with the j demands of an ignorant and preju- | diced populace roused to frenzy by ! the ravings of the yellow jingoes j of the press. Similarly in spite of the fine talk about the War in the Soudan being undertaken in the cause of civilisation and for the benefit of Egypt we know better. The war was undertaken partly for the pur- pose of revenging the death of Gor don, who had no one but himself to blame for his misfortunes, and partly for the purpose of grabbing another large section of Africa. It- might be asked also, whether it was not carrying the revengeful spirit a trifle too far when the nephew of Gordon blew up the tomb of the Mahdi with dynamite, and sent his skull home to the Royal College of Surgeons. Such a shameful desecra tion of an enemy's tomb, such a scandalous insult to the dead, should never have been permitted by the representatives of a chivalrous and civilised nation. It can only be stigmatised as. a crime against all the canons of decency — as an out rageous pandering to the worst and meanest passions of human nature. 