TEMPERANCE NOTES. (CovrKinuTKD.) ' An Evangelist writes:—"A gentleman, whom I knew, was addressing a Gospel mooting. Among the audience was a pub lican, and when the service was over he ap proached the speaker and asked him if he would come home with him and sec his wife, who was very ill, and who lay. upon what all thought would prove to be her death-bed. The gentleman expressed his readiness to go, and, while accompanying him, (took the opportunity of setting before the publican the wickedness of his trade, and strongly advising him to have done with the traffic at once and for ever. The man seemed to be anxious to get out of it, 'But,' he said, 'I cannot do so just now, I must wait until the term, ansl then .! shall.' 'There are no terms with Christ,' was the reply, ' and you may never live to see-the term.' Just then they arrived at a public-housc in one of the lowest parts of the town. They had to outer at the front door and pass throi'gh the shop to reach the house. The gentleman was in troduced to thi'; woman, and after a few words with her, he knelt by the bedside in prayer While thus engaged, ho was sud denly startled by a great crash. Leaping to his feci", he hastened into the shop to see what was the matter. The publicum was not there, but, on going to the door, there he found the man standing, looking down at a mass of splintered wood, lie had pulled down the. great gilded bunch of wooden graues which hung over his duoi, having resolved not :•> wait the term, but to shut up his shop at once. It. is never too soon to do goi»i. When God puts a good thought into your head, hurry its inaction at once, or the evil one will come and pick it following ou<Ration m.'iy (I hope it will) touch some conscience " A gentle man once told us that his wino bill was £100 a year—more than enough to keep a Scrip ture-reader always at work in some populous district; aud it is one of the countless ad vantages of total abstinence that it at onco sets free a certain amount of money for si' h work. Smoking, too, is a habit not only injurious to the health in a vast majority uf cases, and to our mind veiy uubo'c iming in a 'temple of the Holy Ghost,' but also one. which squanders money «hich might bo used .for the Lord."-—Frances KidleyTlavergal. .It is related of a wealthy Philadelphian, who lias been dead these many years, that a maw came to him one day and asked for help to start in business. "Do you drink ? inquired the millionaire. Occasionally.'' " Stop it ! .Stop it for a year, and then come, and see me." The young man broke off the habit at once, and at. the end of the year again presented himself. "Do you smoke?" asked the great man. "Yes, now and then." "Stop it! Stop it for a year, and then come and see me." The young man went away and cut loose from the habit, and after worrying through another twelvu months, once more faced the philanthropist. "Do you chew tobacco?" "Yes." '"Stop it! Stop it for one year, and then come aud see me." But. the young man never called again. When some one asked why he did not make one more effort, he replied, "Didn't I know what ho was driving at ? He'd have told me that, as I have stopped chewing, drinking, and smoking, I must have saved enough money to start myself." 