' ^^WiUWISS9. OHOST.^^''' \- ?';' A REMARKABLE MURDER. ' Smart Detective . Work by Governor-General ? :'' Cricklewood and His Colored .'??'' ?? - ? Amanuensis, Cumbp. : ''''?. (By 'THE OWL.') ' 'Look here,' cried thV Hen Editor, burst ing Into the Booa1 offlco tie oUier morn- - ln«, 'I've got a theory.' 'So hftvo I,' Bald tho Bobs, calmly re moving ,hls cigar. 'I'vo «? theory that you are after money !' \- 'Wrong again,' cried tlio Hen Editor. My uncle nas jusi uieu '»u ?««??? «?«? «.'«»o' !? for present necessities.' ? ' 'lVnco to hln nahoB !' eald^tho Boas, !. wearily. 'Arc you seeking a free pasato ;? one of tho theatres ?' , ? 'No ; X want to tell you about the Gatton tragedy.' 'So does everybody,' remarked tho Boss, glancing at the waste-paper basket. 'There , tan't a condemned lunatic out ol Callan 1'arit that hasn't written me on tho subject ? There are enough imaginary clues in that ??.?' basket to sot an ordinary police dotectlvo -.:' up In business for life.' 'Well, my theory has cot nothing to do I' -with tho. tragedy Itsolt,' said tho Hen Kditor ; 'It concerns tho police. My theory I 18 that tho police are oft tho scent. Now, I when my father wns Govornor-Genornl ot I , the Dofonco Forccu at Forbes In the early I days, when crime was rnmpant, and we had 1- Cuinbo for our black- tracker, ho was re I eponalble for some very romarkablo arresw. Now. there waa that caso ot M GlnnlB I ghost that tho old man unravelled ? I] The Hen Tdltor paused. I 'Well I' raid the Boss, who hod pre ]' paved to bo Interested. ' 'Go xin.' 'Haw much a column ?' asked the Hen ,. -Editor. '.'??'? 'Sd.me price,' replied the Bobs. 'Go on. ' no truthful , .ii truthful as you know how. ' The vorafily of your adventures haa not. i hitherto beon Impeached In any ono parti--' , DUlar, It in true, and the public have every ? faith In you, but you must endeavor to re-, tain the conflflenco of tho people without . cnunlng undue Injury to tlie circulation ot r tho paper.' 'TllivT.t tin I' «.-ilr1 ih-- 11(111 Editor. 'I will dlcclonp the startling particulars, and you can take tho copy down In shorthand at tiado prlcflJ ' T-hla happened about 18 or P.O years ago, he began. My father, artorwarda Govor ? por-aenoial of;the Defence Forco3 o£ Kor bos, wna then ntatloncd at B.mdaloo.. Ac'jj Iot ptrncy voio frequent on iho Darling In tbosfl dayis, nnd tho old man wan sent out toy tho authorities to put the robboro down ' with tt strong hand. Cumbo, tha black trnclcLr, viont with tho family. We took .8 ^i»n.r.mj,o in -rao, of Cobb and Co. 'a old \--' ; conches. It wnaniuiity-: I'abaoiijcd enough ' ' ot the Auatiallan continent on tho .pnssngo ? .' 'to Itave Btartofl . ax-.EQod_slsiqd -.vegetable Mitel). And in tiilo connection, I romombor hearing Iho old man telling tho coach drlvor, i-y ThUBinorton'a Croaalng, on the bower Dognn, of an idea that hnd struck him. Ho recUonod It. woo a, good, markclalblo ldc-n, and ono that ted money; In H. It wao original, hi* far an. ho Know. Of course, ho a?reMl with King .Solomon that there was p'otliloB nb'iolutoly noW-un'dt'r tho aim, und Durably Aiehlinn(lofi,-.whOflomthd wj)3 of (Ko vory !ti(;hcat /Order, had atruclc tho onmo Irti.x whun ho waa drlyhiR ohcap.ln tho Ly blnn »cnoit ; but ?M-'no.'-thd Idea: mn»t havo jioilnhrjil wiU'ti tfu»y. burnt Slio' Groat library . nt Alexandria, imeiiUne tlicro waa no rcco-rd ittlrvnt lrhitlne to it. Ilio oour- h-ilrlyar flald : 'Whnt aid thoy Inn n It- for V' ? . ? ? ? 'Why, for lionUntf tho public bathn, prln dpftlly,' mid tlio old man ; 'and It kept ?dm In fuel nix luonlQio.' 'Why didn't Chry '^o myall 7' nsltecl tha coach-drlvor. 'Mjall'o tho bet hoatini; wood 150 In K.' Tho -old man mid ho wju haiiccd If uo ltnov/ but poriinps innlnly bwiiu.10 'It woula tnko loo loiiR to Import It from Dili couii Hi-y anil tho ppoiila who wanted, a batn lu thole -Jay« couldn't wnlt moro than threo or four ycwini. it wnu different nowadays. Tho coach-driver nald It wiw. Ho hadn't bad one for novon yourii, and bin brotlior Snnuipl. down on tho Bland, hadn't had ono for ton. Hut why didn't tho people go for n UWlin If they woro that mad iitruok on ?wnnhlnc thointiolvoi) 7 Waim't thoro nny rlvora 7 Wcio they alwnys dry ? Tho old mnn uuld : 'Yob, llu«ro waa tho , nivor rai«.' ' 'I- Know,' ufthl tho coacli- ilrlvor ; 'thnt'3 ' -'tho rivor that thoy found North on In an ark 1 of t-uHruChca ; but what wan tho Idea you v,«8 Hpenklu' of ft whllo iiro 7' 'Tho Moft w«w,' ropllod tho old man, ' ' 'that CoW) nud Co. oijcltt to no-v tholr tniYUlllpK land' with Ji'rendi noann. . It'n « \- moroantllo Idon, nud liua occumod, ,aa I rntil, only to myHiilf, an'd probably to Archl- - moaoo, / 1* '» Quito prafltifJsl, nnd enuy of ♦jwoutlon, tint! tho mv11 1» Torlflo.' Tho conoh-flrlvor fanttl nothlus for a long 'i tliay. *U Wtul on WUK W« ««sad hanBlng m Jlj Corwnid on Moohlu abnoi'bflil In illcklnu tho fllni'tiff tho honoa' haoiui with htu rfulp. 1 { 'Wicn ho looked up mid f'mld : ''Who In that cow, Arthur Mooduo, you vrnil nponltln1 ol 1' ? 'Atolilinrdrn I Oh, ha wnii nn Inventor,' ' |i/Lld 1lio flovornor-Uonornl. 'A iiroat '' llvook lnvuntoi,' 'Virn'» ho ''vov In biinlnomi In BntHurnt 7' (unltl I Up ooftch- drlvnr. . . 'Ntfl to -'y Itniw/lodw,' ruplloil tlio old jn|-,u. ''Wo v,-ont out of Minlnou nomo yenra I' '''WdU ' onM !!'« conoli--U-u*ir, 'Ihow'H a I -nidi I'.Hieiitili rtO./» (l-nlovc Condobolln. ! ' &f;rtu'aiH!|!«l'--'W'«' Utlln Blnnor cove, i/ wllii/* 'i.-nji» OY»I' . ? ? C--^.--— 'I tlon't tlilnk It can bo the same, on- ; served the Governor-General. '. 'Might be a relation ot tho other cove s. 'It's rather Improbable,' said tho old man. 'Arch'lmodea has been dead some- , tiring over 2000 years !' ; The coach-driver did not open his lnouin nsnln'all that otaffo, but I heard him tell ; ono of tho ostlers at the next .stopping- ? place that tho old cove on tho box aoat— meaning UreGovcruor-Gcnoral— was. as -mad aa a blanky March hitro. He'd been pitch ing him— tho coach-driver— njsanguinary yarn about a carnation covo that was dead ; . 2000 yearo, and blank hln blanketty eyoa It . tho old bloke hadn't tried to run him that he wn3 In bimlncaa ivlth tho carnation bloke ! Wo Kot Into quarters at Bnndnloo, con tinued tho Hob Editor, and tho Governor Gonoral was kept pretty busy on matters ol ndmln'lfltratlon. In thoso dnya .Tustlcoa of tho Peaco were not ao common aa thoy arc now. Now you can't throw a atone any wlioro without Kitting a J.P., but then you mightn't nnd moro than one in twenty rallea. Tho only Juotlce In our .radius was - an old doctor, and he dldu't Imvo moro than three absolutely sober days out ot 305\. ? Before wo left Bamlaloo tho Governor General wns called upon moro than onco lu ; tho courso of business to hold a ?mnalstorial . inquiry or an inquest. I remember tho ili-st of these Inquiries well. Dr. Froster had to preside at these func tions, and sometimes lie also had, aa medi cal man, to Elvo evidence before himself. On ouob. occasions lio would put himself in the -wltnoBS-box and crosa-examinc hlmaelt with the strictest Impartiality. He bad two 'volCOB^qnomaBluterlal, and tho other medl- , ; cal. Tho mnglflterlal voice was loud, se vere, and lnclalvo, nnd tho medical volco ? blandly .proreaalonal and obneuro. He would alt on tho Bench und put a ' question : to lilimielf In t'ho . magisterial , volet), and tlien ho would tiop down .Into tho . . wttneas-box and nnowor It In tho medical °Wheu ho came into Court In a bad humor , the mneltitmto would tackle tho medical witness like a soldier ant aud nmko him ox nlEln *11 tho technical tcrmo ho used, ftnd oveu threaten him wl tit punishment for con tempt of Court If he didn't display a proper amount of respect for the Bench. . Ono morning a man was found on the bank ot tho rlvor hanging from a limb of o. tri'o with his throat cut In aovou or eight nlacoa Ho land evidently been there some time. Tho citizen who . discovered tho corpse came nmMng round to the office to report the clrcum«tancc to the Govornor GCT1hornOovcrnor-aoneral and Dr. Prootorhaa luat openwl u bottlo of very rare old ryo vho»th'gltl7.on burst through , tho door 'My Ood !' he exclaimed. ' Como quick, thr.iVq bean a murder committed I 'Whoro ? Where 7' cried the old man, rra'bblng for hlu 'horse-pistol. 'Ah !' tiald the oiu man, im. »b -'« ??- ssrjrjs^srW'As: '?»™i.» ?«., bul,l»«.. -U'Ah 1' whloperoil Dr. Fronlcr, behind hlo innd 'You ««? ho know ho wn» dead oSlewwd. TbttfB vory susplclouH, very.' 'a™ you propwrod,' domandod tho Oov. p.n W« information against oomo .. porsoa or Por«ou« unknown. In that thoy Ul folo1iloi'nly(«nd ot »»»«« »~£°0n»hocffi0 aniro or otUorwlso ougago to tako tno uto of another person or poraom uuknown on or . niout f tjic prcDMit, aubaequont, or previous ? ^?NoJ'''crlod IHo man wl.o had bro..Kht the ' iiowa 'I couldn't do thai; I only aaw tho nhap'hailiSl. ™« ™,m?. llW0 rlffht aW'y t0 tCH.X°t ^IrdS^oi*. old man, lifting Uta horno plsoj and pointing It at tho nlran-ror aoroflB tho 'K-iblo. 'I arrest you na ? nnacSory'«nor tho fact. I'll ch«r«o , you with vasranoy In Uw moantlino, and «ny «'luE you m»y nay will bo' brought in cvl donco CBatast you. Put your Ham a over your head and walk into that coll. 'But.' bosun tho fltranKcr 'I warn you,' cried tho Gov.-Gon.. In ft loud volco. 'tlvftt U you make any attempt , to roslat Mhe police in tho oxooutlon ot their duty I will ronort to tlio use of firearms na , ^ho^man^vrao' too frightened and takon back to flay anything moro. Ho wont ; mookly Into tho cell, nnd tho old man. looked tho door on him. TUtm I»o came , bnck to tho 'taWo and poured hlmuolf out a .. Kood ?nliffcner ot whlnky. T^-,-,f^ 'Very noatly Atma,' Bftld olil ? Ifroatcr, . wlplnf}.lhoporoplration from hln faoo with a larfo red 'luandltorohlof,- previous to lol- , lowing fluit. VVory promi-tjy--tnd cc.r- . rootly ilono.' , i 'I'vo B&t; him safe, anyhow, rppllod tho I O-ov.-Qon. 'It's J11'1 nB WI'U' ll0 'lfty iWna i in ?uuoful. Ho may furnlnh via with a nluo.' TJio doctor mid tho old man nat thcrodla oiumlnR tho cntio and tho Whlnky nn long «n tho Aviiluky lasitod, and then tho Gov.-Gon, oallod Mio hlaolt traokor In. .; '(Jumbo,' .rrnld tho old man when lUo nudtbl*) inoutlx ot that 'tnlcrpnUng. nlggori ftlH-»ftroa nf .tho . oOlco, 'tnko w .eoni-nnck ?oat of Win stmblo and ro and coUoct that . murder dwyn by Iho rlvor.' , ? ^ ^ ? . :' ? Ciinibo. touched 'his eapmlHUry fashion, i the war 'tlie o'd man -had taught him to do, 'and wont away. ? ? ?? .„,,«„' i Tho Gov.-Gon. produced a second bottlo tuid somo cigars. i Cum-bo was gone about an hour and a \- te&U; when tho doctor dald he Binolt iioimo * tUTho old man oulffcd and said ho smelt ? BOTnothlng too. - ' Thon tho door opened and Cumbo ap : peared, his face shiny with perspiration, 1 and ho remarked. 'W.hat. am urn to do with i um plurry stlnkin' murder o-aae, boss . ? ! 'VVhotv !' eald Doctor Proster,. 'Hore a a i n''Pooh !°^™id the oM man, 'lake it ovor , to tho publle-iiouscf. We'll have to have an '' inquest. I'ubllo-houso is the proper and ! loiral Dlace to have an inquest.' ; They sent. Cumbo ahead with mo case, nnd wcro preparing to follow whon tho publican came. across Uie road and romon stratod. He said ho w;us very oorry to dlB obllf;c theaut'horltlns. but-thomlsBUacouldn t abear It. The cuRtomora- -hnd all left at tho other brer door as ooon-.na Gumbo ar rived with -his luggage, and the .Chinese cook eame lu out of the kitchen and gavo 'n°'flu't ItendrlR-a-n,' . said the old man, , 'You are 'turning nwiiy bualncaa. Ihero a tho lnqucat,.aud the jury,' arid all tho wlt ncuaed, arid the doctor, and myaon, »'™. t'3 wholo'tovm und district will bo here afl aoon aa thoy Get wind of it.' 'They'vo got wind of it now, cried tho publican, pointing up the street, where an excited crowd had gathered well to wind ward of Cumbo, who was aUindlnfi, with hia cargo on a wheelbarrow In tlio dusty road in front of Hftndrlgan'a,,. awaiting further orders from tho consignee^ 'Dammit,' obsorver tho old man-, I thought you might havo let us put it In the shed down thoro at the foot ot tho paddock .-niu i !»«t n olnn nmd omivanollod 0. jury. 'Oh !' cried Handrlgan, 'thai a a ult feront Blatter. Thoro'a no objection to 'Well, what an) you making all this fuss about.' exclaimed Dr. Froster, turning fiercely on to tho publican. , 'Why bewiuiie Iho blacktellow wheeled the thing into the bar and said you told him to leave It there,' ropllod Handrlgan. I didn't want a blanky thing llko that in rajf blanky bar all night, blank Kiojt I did. 'Dammit,' »ald tho old man, 'Cumbo o got too strong a (lonuo ot duty. HI. you, Curabo !' ho Bhouted from a cafe dlstonco. 'Wheel him dawn to tho ahed there. , ? Cumbo.wheeltfd the eaao down to tho «hed 1 and then ho camo baok and got iiH.dnink aa '? a llddlor'd fool lnaldo of an hour. Bvery- ? ? body In tho town wanted to about for him to K«t ?Him to tell what ho know about tho i finding of tho body. Cumbo was cuto. . Ho ? picked aa o'wiail an uudlonco an posalblo Tor ??? eaoh recital, bo there would be. moro anquta ' to follow train the people who hadn 't hoard ills yarn, and na he went on he Improved on '? tho story, nnd throw In. nourishes and de ' tails of hia own, «ml whon ho aaw that tho '? How of i;oro and whlBky bore a close relftr tlon to. ono anol'her. ho pllod on tho goro. With education Cumbo would havo.mado a splcnflld odjlor for a dally newspaper. Ho wno great on very latest editions. But by «nd-bye ho got ao drunk that he couldn t remember tho malu facta of tho bUHlnesa at oil. He mixed hlo Bngllah up hope osaly. and llnally bad to resort to tribal dialect ?to explain technical polntf). And the people ? were so excited that they paid at the bar tor dialect, although they couldn't undor ?itand a word of It; Just as I mlRht buy a ; German newri-apcT to Bee the account of » terrible tragedy in Hamburg, whon I dldn t know a German verb from a nea-serpent ? cut In two in the middle. ' Dr. Froster and the Gov.-Gcn., as tho ' only duly qualified roprenentutivca of law and order within a considerable radius, ? armod thomnolvos. and repaired to tho aceao ; of tho murder to got clucn. Tho Gov.-Gcn. waa a born detective, aw ?ho wanted was a clue to bogln with. It did not matter ft rap to him what kind ot clue It was ao long aa he got It. But onco ho had the clue, ho would ko building and bulldiiiB. and evolving proofs and evidence, nfld netting local coloring out of his loner ? couaoiousnoss until ho had a caao together ?that It -would, tako a coIIcro ot Quoon a . Counsel to upset, ? Whon Dr. Frortor and dad iirrlved at. tho rlvor they found most all Bandoloo thoro. , Thoro wan a hunk of rope over a l™o... whero Cumbo had cut tho caao aWiiy. The way tho pooplo nUiod under tho limb and lailmlrod that ropo wa« wonderful to neq. Nobody offorod to touch Mio ropo. Thoy iiuiipeolcd that dml'fl tompor wouldn't atand nny direct Interference with his clucn. Thoy woro beginning to know tho old man In Oamlaloo. 'By Jlngoci.1, Crloklewood, cried tho Pro»Ler, ex'tumlnliiK t'ho ground round about 4,ho fatal (reo; 'Micro aro heaps of traclui horo. Muat havo boon a lot of pnoplo con cerned lu this murder.' Dad owamlnod tlio tracks carefully. Ho took out it magnifying ghuia to poor at ooma of them, and when Bnnd.iloo Haw him go down on hlii knees it lay oft and gaped ro apuc-lfully. 'Whoro's Cumbo,' naked tho Gov.-Gen,, getting up. 'Ui- at tho pub.. I'll bet,' rrrunted Dr. Frofltor. 'Drlnk'ntho cunio of this country.' Thla romlnded him of something, tio ho and dud went behlml a trow und panaod tho pookot- flask. Detecting Ih hard work .and thlnity. The Qov.-Gon. nont a boy to llnd (tumbo, mvd aftor a Ioiir pauso Cumbo appeared on tho horlsion. Ho (iocmie-l a good bit foot uoro and tired. Tho »un waa Khlnlng riRht on him, and wo could woe a anot like n wlll o'-the-^ylnp fire on ono side ot him near, tho tthoulder. Nobody could mako out. what tfliat blazing lifjlit was, although they all, speculated wid hot about It, until Cumbo camo rltfht clone, nnd Uton they niiw It wan the rodection ot tho nun on a bottle thnt lio had lu hlu' pocket. Cumbo'n Iorh -Worn like the polntn of a wvjnpuflH, crifl iho flrtwnred by H(;iftl clrcloa,' and a aorcno and »hlny riatltifactlon Klowod all over hlu face, Ho looked por foolly bcallflo. After a tlmo the old man Rot him to undernt'and tlmt ho won to follow up tho ?tmckii. around Iho troo whoro ho had taken ?tho 'body fr-ym, mid then (Jumbo tnado a ro rmnarkablo tllHcovory, Ho dlnooverod — 'Iiulitor keep tho dluoovory for nost ' iunuo,' interruplod tho Bo:i«, 'Tho woaMior'n riiWior warm for kooplng nnylhlug now,' nald tho Hen Ifldltor, 'but I'll put nomo ualt on my inlo and try to profici'vo the turond of tho argumont until inoitt vroelc.' ' . , , , , . (To ho Clontlnuod.) 