HAMLET. SABAH BERNHARDTS TIEW. Madame Sarah Bernhardt writes a long letter in French to the “Daily Telegraph” by way of reply to some of the criticisms passed upon her reading of “ Hamlet.”', Among the points dealt with are the fol lowing:— 1 am reproached with not being suffi cietlv astonished, not sufficiently dumb founded, when 1 see die ghost. Bnt Hamlet comes expressly to see it; he awaits it. and utters these words, "I will spealc to it, though hell itself should gape and bid me hold my peace.” These are not the words of a weak or languid per son. ‘When the ghost wants to take him aside, he draws his sword against his friends, and threatens to kill them if they will not let him pass. That does not be speak a feeble man. Hamlet dreams, when be is ulone, but in company he speaks—speaks to conceal liis thoughts. I am reproached with not being polite ’enough with Polonius; but Shakespeare makes Hamlet say all kinds of unpleas ant things to him. When Polonius says to him, “My honorable lord, I will most humbly take my leave of yon,” Hamlet, replies, “You cannot, sir, take from me anything that I will more willingly part withal.” Really, I do not know a raor» cutting or better. merited reply. In the Oratory scene I am reproached with go ing too near, the King; but if Hamlet wishes to kill the King, surely he must be close to him. And when be hears him prays words cf repentance, he thinks that if he kills him he will send him to Hea ven; and he does not kill the King, not because be is vacillating and weak, but because he is Ann and logical. Hs ■ wishes to kill him in n state of sin, not of repentance; for he desires to send him to hell and not to Heaven. Some wish to see in Hamlet a "womanish, hesitating, flighty mind.. To me he seems a manly, resolute, but thoughtful being. As soon as Hamlet gathers what is In his father's mind and learns pf his murder, he forms the resolution to avenge him; but as he is the opposite of Othello—who acts first and thinks afterwards—Hamlet thinks - before he acts, which is the sign of great strength and great power of mind. Hamlet loves Ophelia I He renounces his love! He renounces study! He re nounces everything—In order to gain his object. And he attains it. He kills the - King while in the blackest and most mor tal sin; but he kills him only when he is absolutely sure. When he is sent to • England he takes the first opportunity of leaping alone into an enemy’s vessel, and announces his name that he may be. made prisoner, certain that he will be brought:back. He calmly.sends Rosen- - crante and Gufldenstem to death. All this bespeaks a young, strong and deter mined character. When he dreams, it is of his plan—of his vengeance. If God i bad not forbidden suicide he would have killed himself in disgust of the world. But - since he eanot kill himself, he will kill! The lady concludes with the statement that Shakespeare, by bis colossal genius, belongs to the universe, and that 3 French, a German, or a Russian brain has the right to admire and to understand him. The oldest trees in. northern Europe - are the pines of Norway and Sweden, • but these are not known to live mere - than 670 years. Germany’s oldest oaks live only a little more than 300 years Statisticians say that a head of fait hair consists of 143,000 hairs. Dark hair is coarser, and only totals 105,000; while those who boast of red hair must be con- t tent with a total of 79,200. It is estimated that the hairs on a “fair head” would j support the weight of 50 people. ; 