A FIGHT WITH ALBATROSSES, A SHIPWRECKED SAILOR's STORY -o Captain Hart, of the steamship Mariposa, sailing between San Francisco and Australia, was formerly a wealthy young man, who went to sea because he loved the life on. the water. He was asked by a passenger on one of the Mariposa's trips to tell how he came to adopt a seafaring life, and to'relate his most thrill ing adventure. Here is his story. I was 24: years old when I left college, having graduated well up in my class. I had come into possessionof the property left to me by -my father in that year, and, as my mother had also died, and my sister had married, I determined to spend a few years in travel. I .went to Europe and. South Africa, re turning to London the same year. Clark Russel's sea stories had: always 'in terested me greatly, and I made up my mind to rough it on a trip to Australia in a clipper' ship, I tried to engage a cabin passage in the Josephine. then one of the largest sailing ships afloat; but old Captain Hardy, whom everybody called-E the, bear,' buomise he wis sorougho d fbtjllere-ied with- many- an oath, saying he didn't keep an hotel, "and.ano man could sail on his ship without signing articles and doing his proper amount: of work. r Of course, I knew a ship as well as I knew a house, and I decided to go on the Josephine i before the mast, just for the fun of it" I saw a twinkle in the old captain's- eye as I signed the usual articles for the voyage to Sydney. He simply remarked, however, * You're big enough, at any rate, to do your share of the work. I procured a regulaz outfit, sent my kit on board, and took my place among the crew. I found friends in the forecastle at once, for I assumed no airs, acted just as every V body else did, and studiously minded my own e business. In spite .of my discretion, though, I made some enemies. One of them was in the same watch with me. e His name was Norris and he claimed to be ' an Englishman; but he spoke with a slightly foreign accent, and was dark enough to be taken for a 'Portagese or a Spaniard:, I disliked him from'the first, and he evi dently had as little regard for me as I had for him. He insulted me one day in the forecastle during our watch below, and I struck him a ft blow under the ear that put him to sleep very effectually. He was unconscious for two hours, and I really thought that he was done for. He regained consciousness finally, and after that time did not in any way interfere with me. When we were aloft sometimes however, y I could see him eyeing me sharply, and was n satisfied that he was contemplating some sort 1e of treachery. I I said nothing, but tried always to keep ' 1my eyes.on him We had a fairly-.good voyage until .we d struck some extremely rough weather oft. ape h' Horn. , For two days we ran under close reefs with the wind abeam, and then the gale became so violent'that she had'to'heave-to to weather On the fourth day of the storm the wind , moderated, and Captain Hardy ordered us aloft to shake out the lower reefs. e We had resumed our course, and were r booming along at about ten knots, rs Although the sky had moderated consider ably, the sky was a dark grey, all around' 11 with clouds of a deeper hue, almost bluish, in; the soeth east. ' It looked to me like more heavy weather, is and I doubted the wisdom of shaking out e any of the reefs. Norris and 1.were on the main royal yard t when a heaiy puff of wind struck the ship a' and threw her almost upon her beam ends. As I stood tb4he foot-rope, with my arms Sover the yard, the heavy piece of timber was SI almost perpendicular, and I had to cling hard with hands and feet to keep from going over. Atnother lurch came when I-was resting is my whole weight on the foot rope. re The rope suddenly parted, and I found my e self falling. n Instinctively I flung out my arms to grasp something, but my head struck the topgallant yard, and over I went into the sea. SIrememberhearing a cry of 'Man orer board ! from the deck, and must then' have Sbecome unconscious for a time. I next found myself struggling among the I tremendous waves. As I rose upon the crest of each big sea I mn caught a glimpse of the ship, and, as she.was still standing on her course, I knew that I was left to my fate. we I was not excited in the least by my Sposition. ; I fully expected to drown, but I made up in my mind to fight as long as I could. -I- waii?aiid: am .? -strong: suwimnmer, nd I re hoped to Ib able tospkeipaloat uatil .?o. Id find some spar or bits Of wreckage to sustain me. M~eanwhile, I mide as little exertion as was .ecessary, so as to preserve my strength. The water was very cold, and I knew that no man's powers of endurance, however great he they might be, could hbe equal to any pro longed strugghl with such elements, I. expected no relief from the Josephine. to A small boat could not hlave lived in such a sea, and Icalculated correctly that Oaptdin Hardy did not put thbt ship about, because he did not believe that any man could live for ly five minutes among such waves as had been breaking over the ship. I mqust have been in the water an hour, and it was then about noon, when I espieda th piece of a vessel's batch about twenty yards away, in the same trough of the waves in which I was then swimming. 01 I was quickly becoming exhausted, but I st made for that little raft with all my remain ing strength. pt I was engulphed by the waves a hundred times Scores of times great seas broke over me and sent me Jown far below the surface. :id I managed to struggle to the surface imaity s, times just soon enough to keep myself from drowning~ At last I reached the hatch, grabbed a protr.?ding spike, and rested awhile before I had strength enough to raise myself upon the half-sbminerged raft. - Thdre was a bit of rope trailing in the a water, with which I lashed myself to the r hatch to keep from being washed off into the I sea. - I think I must have slept for a time, in I spite of the cold. At any rate, I remember that the sea sud denly became much- calmer, the wind having i died away to a simple breeze. . As night came on, a feeling of indescribable loneliness took possession of me, which was intensified when I saw that the albatrosses had sighted me. A man who clings to a spar in the waters I about Cape Horn has more to fear from the. giant birds of the air than the monsters of the deep. The night was a very long one When I was not dozing I was looking out -' over the waves in search of a vessel's lights. None came into view, and the day broke cold arid cheerless,. When the sun- came up I thought I de scried land off to the north- west. z. - It was only a faint line, and I was not sure whether it -was land or a bank of cleads,. more cheerful whe' I aawt?lai crrent was carrying me northward. I was very hungry, and- I knew that if I did not reach land, or was not picked up, I would be at liberty to choose death from either starvation or drowning. I didn't count on another danger, which turned out to be greater than the other-the birds. Soon after sunrise I saw a numberof great albatrosses sailing through the 'air far over head- - One by one they came lower, and I watched them with-intense admiration. Not once did I-see an albatross flap a wing. They rose high in the air and swooped down low, turning their immense wings from side to side to direct their course, but never appearing to use the slightest exertion. They were like ships of the air, using their wings as sails, and with a perfect knowledge of tacking, gybing, and the like. They went to windward and before the wind with equal facility. In my admiration for the great creatures I lost sight of the fact that, even if I had realised it, they were a greater source of danger than the waves, Nearer and nearer they came, and I. could see their cold, staring eyes regarding me with something in their. expression that made me shiver. Even thenI -did' not appreciate my danger. " - One of them swirled past me so close that I was fanned by the-air he had disturbed. It was not until = another had made - a vicious jab at me withihis beak, as heswooped by, that 1 began to understand the hoirors of my position. I had no weapon'but a jack-knife, which I opened, and with which I prepared to defend myself. I had been lying down.all this time, but I now sat up, and made ready for the attack I felt sure would cone. - Silt'wvas not long delayed. . . First one albatross and their another flew at me, pecking at my eyes and face. I slashed right and left with my knife, screaming the while, in the hope of frighten ing the vicious thihgs away. I must have wounded several, but they came at me again and again, each time more savagely. Occasionally, in spite of all that I could do, one would fasten his beak into my flesh and tear the piece away. My face became frightfnully lacerated, and I was soon covered with the blood that flowed frowm my wounds. I was on the verge of fainting whei -.I heard a shout near at hand, a Turning, I saw a boat closely approaching, manned by a cew of rough-looking natives. I had been so absorbed in my fighi with:the birds that I had not observed how close Ato land 1 had drifted, and that a boat was Scoming to my rescue. I was taken on board, and was glad to see i that the birds had given up the tight. They made a few circles round the boat, and then sailed away to the westward. The natives spoke a Spanish dialect, which-. pI couId only slightly understand, but from it I gathered that they were Tierra del Fuegans and that I was being taken ashore 1Idid not like theit looks, and was aliost ; incline'd to think it woula have- been better to have let myself drown. I was now very weak and ill, and when we landed thev had to carry me ashore. I was taken to a hot, where my wounds s were dressed by an old woman, who was not at I all a bad surgeon, and, after having eaten a little, I was laid down upon a mattrass, and soon went to sleep. A' n attack of fever followed; and it was Snearly amonth before I was able to walk. They must have nursed me well, for there were no medicines there. . Ihad a little money in my belt, all of whichTi gave to my rescuers, making them understand, however, that I wanted them Ot' take me out to sea every day in a boat until I could hail a ship - S They did so, and in a week I had caught a Svessel bound for Sydney Whatever can be said of the- Tierra del Fuegans by other unfortunate travellers, I mustadmit that they treated me well. SAt Sydney I ran across Norrie, who acted as if he had seen-a ghost. He. shivered and shook with fear, and I taxed him with cutting the rope. He admitted it, and begged for mercy. I hadn't the heart to kill him. A few nights afterwards he ran-amuck while drunk, and I found him in the act of stabbing an American sailor in a saloon. I experienced a thrill of satisfaction- in seeing him soundly thrashed, I The common Person-So you are wedded to your art Artist-Dear,- no, I am simply in -loe with it. " -He-Thank heaven, 1 am not as other She-On the contrary, it is the: oth cun who should be thankful. - \- -- - -- - - i - - 