SAILING NOTES. (By 'WEATHHR-EYE.V) JudgliiK by the nunvber of- races that aro sailed every Saturday afternoon, racing' In Port. Jaskaon. will dlo ' a very hard death this season, especially it , tho glorious- wea- ther we have lately been experiencing ;coii tlnncs. There -wns no want of 1 1 Co in thojipr' castcr which prevailed las.t Saturday, and as a conscqucucve the racing proved jnost liiterctstlDfj. In their second attempt to aall 'tho annual contest for Colonel Ci\scoitrhe's; Cup tho Hoj-als woio more successful, Insofar that the race was. sailed without ahltch.' How ovqr, 'Lhe non-appearance ot Thclmii in tho ro-aall wan a matter for general disappoint ment; more especially was thib so a? tho Commodore's beat 'tvas seen cruising about tho Harbor. Many aboard tho club steamer, thought tho example bet by the Chief ot tho club was not altogether m the best in leresla ot the sport.' NAn interesting- featuro1 of tho race v,as tho lino account Mr. Cox's Hem-soft gave ot hcrsc-lf.' Altogether contrary to^ expecta tion, the S-ratt-r stopped it out In lino style on the beat to Long Itecf. She was tho first to reach the sen mark, loading the llltlcTjsnunljui yacht '.Fill rile thero by juat over a mtnutv, after conceding, her a start of lfimln. On the run biick.to port Harrcs hbff showodn vory c|oan pair ot heels to hor rivals,' reaching SJin'rX Island over Cmln ahoad of AcUcn. Herresliort .maintained her long lead 'to the finish, where she had 7min Msec to spare from -Mr. Waley's boat. Although good wholesome boat as sho is, Actaea. gained nothlug on her formidable rival t-n the long beat to windward,'. anU on the run back' was quito unablo to paco it -with the 5-ra.ler. As the resujt will show, had tho penalty of :!mln ,bcon on Horreshoff instead of on Actaea tho result ttould haye bcon all the same. '.The scratch lioat . Iduna 'quite dlsap pomtoJ her admirers, at, it looked any odds, in tho prevailing wind, on Mr. .Cameron's handsome cuttor winning. A handicap of 45mln lo Hcrrrdioft and -l'mln to Actaea, however,- prayed more than the backniarkcr was'eaual-io. Shi) finished .third, limlti l^socbehiDil 'Actaea. Mr. Marks 'again struck trouble with Tsoa, the jO-rater thto tim3 carrying at\ay her saft' on the thtash lo Ivong Koct. Sho was ug-jln obliged to retire. Arfihlua v.wis also amoiig the competitors, but a skirl, of Itlmin to- the clipper-bowed boat was- evidently of III Uo iisp to 'her, ao she finisliod nvcr lfmin behind Idunn. Tlip samo observation also applies to tho limit boat; Falrllc,' which finished In tile rear. Tho private match bftweon Mr. S. llor dern's V.'hite Wings and Mr. A. A. Griffiths' Jets, in which tho lalt?r received an allow ance of 5min, only wc-nt to prove tiiat after all tho new 5-ratcr is not goinpc to hive mallOTF entirnly her own way. At thcoul ?.aof1 White. 'Wings certainly- mode a pano Lh.it her 'big rival could not follow, hut when it rami) to running ?anrl rFachinB the c\\-cruircr showed that she was ar. loast a match in anything like, a htcezo for her opponent. Thii- vrni all the more aewntua tcd by th? facr that ,Ie«s caninl her ton roatt housdd airoughoiit tho race, whilo WbJIo Wings nevor throw away a eJianco of setting her extras. Under the rlrrum .staiices Jess did tVcll to save 3min 17scc ot her .timb^ allowance.. The race was sailed under the auspices of tho Tiliicp Alfred Yacht Club, a'i was 'al*o a srncril han/ltcnp for vaohls ot 1 ifttorand under. For this event a lino fleet nf tho popular little rat-ers miihlereil. Those Included:— McrcU, IS-oftfArohlbnld Logan), s-cr.; Laurel, IT,8ft (J. B. Clnuaery), l.'.ratn; 'Bunylp, 16.8ft (A. 13. Cutter), 3ram; nrouBotvinR IV., Il.Oft (S. Ilordern, fun.), ?(Vntl nronzewiug III.. l!-ft'(O- T. Urock liofi), 6mm: Allsa, Mft (O. TV. Solfe). Tmfn; Taipo, l.'.Sft (Dr. Craig), and Gnome, 14.7ft (H. Binnic). and Waimca, 11.7ft (H. ,M. Shcilpy),. lOmin. This l-a.-c, v.hich nas sailed over Ihe ,1-iRiitship-Shark Itlan.l ronrsn, gave pro miEO at Ihe outset of providing a slashing so between the two No/- Zealand raters, Laurel and Merrli, aad tho Hltle Bron/c w-ir.g IV. Tbo last-namod. however, did not tail up tn her hl'tone /crm, anil MtijIu's proverbial rod luelr rfncK In 'her. Shortly after the start' on Saturday the Jlessrs. Logra's creation sprung 'her ra.iinfail y.iid, and ''notwithstanding the farjt Mia't-nbe had. to ne.it from nrn-lloj'.s Ile.Tl to llw Llebi slnp with hor main hilyard slightly eosrf ro as to savo the tpir from becoming a tctal MTrelt, she vet nunnccrl to fkim into Btcond Plare before the finish. The other New Zealaud boil, however. upheUl her re putation nii.- Inlorcolonial champion l-rnt«r hv' winning from Mercia with Imm 2.i.sor to spare. It will thtu be seen thnt had these- l.'tvo l:-«.its filartcd off ihe'. enmo mark the' llnlish would have been a .vory closoone. Waimca was tha third beat' lo arrive .'110010, amiu 53sce. behind Mercl.i. ?Sine.o' her arrival in rortJacksan/Mercia hat ehinged bandt. nnd for thu foJ:o of her now owner. Mr. Prwl 'Oorau, lot it be htvped ?that her luck will also change. By.opccinl request, Mr. Logan had charge of tho boat in Satiirdny's race. ? Thn.Jobnstono'B Ray Club held races, for three, e.lassos on Saturday. Tho first of these' was an 15-footers' handicap, over tfio Llght.sblp course. Again Anstniliin, on ncrntch. caafc homo in the' lend aftor n very morltoriouslv palled race Chns Wobh, an usual, -had ohargn of ''the winner; 'which at tho finish had lrain ISpsc lo Gp*ro from Thalia, after conceding Her 1min. Ira (2mln) finirhed third, lmin 42seo behind Thtilla, and lsc-- only in advance of Kyecwa, tho third and fourtli boats making a neck und-neck raco of it nearly all the way home. Tho othor rares given by this club were for 10ft and Srt dlngiet, the latter ovont l.cir.g for the 'elub's championship. Both races wore called over the Shark Ibland rourjo, and noinrithstanding 'the heavy wntor met with down tho Harbor, the mid gets biriiaved ..wonderfully well. In tho JO-ffiolt'rs' ko victory foil to Alpha, which was skilfully handled by 13. C. Tronton. On the tun home the winner honied along a I a tremendous nacc, anJ aflor passing Tam-o'-Shan'.i!r eventually won by Imin I'tcc from Vcnltn. Tam-n'-Shiiuler be|ng third. T!i' Sft chimplonsiilp raco was pimply a plft tn Zephyr, ftcered by Mi---s Pnlehard; Inez was Ihe next (o finish, 6mln 2soo behiud.thR.champion. .Thero we.ro cap rtzes in both tho lejter ovonts, Ensign, Olga. and Crosrsnt 'turning turllo 1n tho 10-fpoters' rai'e, while Valkyrie trealrd hor rrow lo a bath in the Scooters' champion ship. Mr. Hairy Cox, of Eltalong Hall, Blnek wall, Brisbane Water, who In away in Tas mania, ha*, I hoar, 'lind .vmo .sailing at Hobart. He has sailed In thrco races, o.io reaMltlng in a tvin for the »raft ho was In. Another race was 'au oocan raco over 100 miles course— 'n most cnjpyablc.trlp,' r« ports Mr. Cox. There were Jl starters, and he was in one of the scratch boito, and flni3hed tlxth. -A h&hdlcap; race open to all boats not exceeding 24ft hailing from Rusheutters Bay, for cash prices and a trophy presented by Mr. Sam Ilordern and others, tvas the means of'Bupplying the 'inaugural race .-of u.howly-formud club, .the Sydney Sailing Club. Tho' Initial venture last Saturday tvas Eom'etyhat marred owing to nearly fill of the competitors sailing the wrong course, and as these Included tho first nnd fourth boats to finish, tho result may possibly bv- altered. In other respects the. raco, which was sailed under cruising conditions, was a success, sixteen out of the eighteen boats engaged turning otic to do battle. Th,! best performance of all was' thfit of lhe 20 fodter Helena (on the ltimln mark), which went 'to the froiit on tho beat down to Shark Island in line style, and came home with a load of lmin SOscc from Ida May (lOmln).' Juno' (lilmlu), and Eiia (lGmin), being third- and fourth respectively. Dlcklu Banks' Ghost started, lint the 21-footer's, exislcupe in the ratio was all too short lived, tho carrying away of her bobstay pulling her out of court. ' The Sydney Canoe Club were tho pro moters of another skiff race last Saturday, and,' judging by the fino entry roceived for this, and the close finish between Venice (JBft) and Jloanee (16ft) sfclff racing should beaorho very popular In the near future. Tho St. Georgo Club, of Botany, took the water last Saturday with another ot Its popular handicap races over a 12 miles course. F. Solmon had Eatelle nicely rig ged for the day, and after assuming tho lead at half-way she led Yvonno homo by ?fmin,' 4Ssec separating tho latter from the third boat, Nereid. After winning hor race last Saturday the New Zealand 1-rater laurel capsized o!{ Mlison's Point. According to the oQloial times ot thj- I handicap raco sailed undor the ausnjecs ot tho Sydnoy Sailing Club on Saturday, th' 22-fooler Plover, tho crstwhilo propoity o.' Mr. Sam Hordern, could only show a gall) over, tho ll-footor Una of Isec oil 1'° worlc down to tho Watson's Bny'IMlc-llght. Tho bigger boat, however, was rather over burdened ttllii uantns. Mr. Boyd's Elm snllcd a gootl boat throughout the rnco. After lcaflhiS'tio W(iy round the I'llc-llght, Khark Islnii'l, .mil tho llaKbo.il, tho 11 footer llnishcd rotirth— a vory gooil perfor mance, aftor taking into consideration the strength ot lhe prevailing hree/.e. ?Ail Adclaldo correspondent says:— On. Sun-Jay nlnht Iho ship Torrens, which r« conHy was seriously damaged in a. collision with an ice-bcrg, broke adrift trom her moorings in the Port River, and crashed Into 'twenty or twenty-fivo yachts moored Just ti4tern. Several yachts wore Injured, the damago being osllmiiU-il al from £-uU The following raees will be sailed ne\t Sailurday: Prince Alfred Ynohr Club Com modore's Cup Race. Sydnoy J'lyliiK Squad ron : General Hflndicnp. Sydney Amateur Club : Class C H.-.ndicap. Sydney ningy Club : 10ft Handicap. North Sydney Uub: All BoaUs over lift. Sydney Canoe Club : ClnBSe.s A and B. 