Sporting. Thomas and Barrett shared the win ning honour at Loch on Monday. The former was credited with four wins, and the latter with three. Thomas opened out with three right off the reel, ana then Barrett chipped in with Springhaven in the handicap. Mr. Suding's boy having a rough time through Bustler falling. He made amends directly after by steering Diana's half sister by Bonnie Dundee to victory in the District race, Barrett win ning the next two with Firefly and Spring haven. Loch races were fairly well attended, The absence of a proper special train from Korumburra was the cause of great com plaint among visitor. People desired to have an outing for the whole day — not half the day and night, and they were much disappointed when the placarded " special train " was simply the ordinary TIM moda via «» rangemoat -for tlw Tetunl of fhe Korum- burra folk, and they had to wait about the town until the passenger train, which did not arrive at Loch until after tea o'clock at night, instead of 9 p.m. The committee should have arranged for a special train to arrive at noon, and ad vertised it well, and bave tbe train to re turn at 630, and every person connected with the club would have benefitted thereby. There were ample to pay for the quarantee of the train. Some of tbe secretaries of racing club show a great anxiety to obtain a number of entries for the different races. One horse may be entered in three or four different events, and in any one of them he has not a thousand to one chance of winning. Of course when the day comes he is scratched for the lot,and perhaps pays 3s entry money and received a joc key's and owner's ticket, or an owner's ticket alone. This secures hi entry into - the course and saddling paddock, and possibly tbe jockey as well. Then he smiles at the simplicity of tbe club, and how he has had them, and tbe stewards and committee wonder the gate money is so smalL Other owners enter horses, and pay for starts only. If the weight on a particular horse, though deserved, is not satisfactory, it is scratched, and the next time it is expected the weight will be lowered. It is lowered about five pounds, while the horse that won is raised, so the two horses meet within the fortnight on fourteen pounds worse terms for the winner of the last race, and the scratched horse in the first instance does not give the other competitors a ghost of a show. The public back on performance, are de ceived and lose their money. Clubs that desire to prosper should not give their secretary a free hand in this way, unless they want (to destroy their club. Every entry should he paid for, and tiie public not deceived by dummy entries.! Lang Lang races passed off very well o:i Wednesday. The book; were not numerously represented, but the sport was fairly good. Spnii:i)ive:i. since the Outirim tueeikia h:is come on wonder fully well, and Vic has gone com deiely off. Jn the Flying handicap a final trial of strength was given to both, bat the mare did not appear to be aide to raise a decent gallop, and was !,"e tten from the fall of the flag. She had the best of the weights, and evidently needs a short spell. The Korumburra cricketers had to play second fiddle to the Jeethoites on Satur day la6t, on the ground of the former, the scores being 43 against 35. J. W. Peart, with 18. was tbe only one to get double figures for Jeetbo. L. Parry being in the same position for Korumburra with 17 runs to his credit. Mr. Watts has Springhaven in splendid condition, and was successful in winning tbe double at Loch on Easter Monday, and Lang Lang on Wednesday. He pur chased Alma from Mr. Lob. at Loch, after running in the Pony race. Mr. Lang intends holding a race meet ing at Grantville at the end of the month. Particulars in a future issue. A half-mile foot race for a side wager was decided on the Locb racecourse on Monday morning last, before the horse racing commenced, the contestants being P. Foley and A Miller, local talent both of them. Odds of 10 to 6 were laid on Foley, who won with something to spare, tbe distance finding out Miller's weak spot. At the Agricultural show in Sydney on Wednesday, the wood chopping contest was a great attraction. There were 23 entries, and the logs were Ifi inches in diameter, of spotted gum. ' The winner was J. M. Macldnolty of this town, and three brothers -named Heckinberg, from the Liverpool, New South Wales, filled tbe other places. The first prize winner fot through bis log in 2 min. 124 sec. lackinolty's many friends in Korumburra will be pleased to hear of his success in the mother colony. 