HOUSEHOLD. ' A. little ammonia in tepid water wiO soften and cleanse the skin. iuc^^ Glass \espcls may be purified by rinsing'^ v.itl powdered charcoal. After washing and drying polish the windows with a dry chamois leather. Doorptates should be denned by rubbing nith a doth wet in unmonu and water. Moth cannot be destroyed in furniture without removing the covers and having the hair&aked; by an upholsterer. To frost a pane of glass for a bath-room window, make a strong solution of Epsom ~ ''? Mtlts and vinegar, apply vita a brash, and §0 over it once with white varnish. A little soap rubbed on the bottom of a squeaking door will sometimes remedy the . trouble. If the difficulty lie in the hinges, dip a feather in kerosene and apply, swing* irig th*i door to and fro gently. A sen ing machine should bV oiled every other day when in constant use. Use the Lust machine oil. and wipe off the surplus oi! carefully. It should be run steadily, caver started or stopped with a jerk. When not in uae it should be unhanded and th? foot lifted from the fred. Shoes are better th*n boots for strength er.i'ig the ankles. Ccleir is a valuable blood purifier for gouty or rheumatic people Ita'ncid butter can be made perfectly sweet by washing; it thoroughly in salt \4-tre and water. A toi-ij-oonful of mustard mixed in a tumbler of warm water is one of the quick 1 her»* i- such a thing as too much regu larity of habit : we are not clocks, and a Hide TCiietv is good nt tiinre. Country eWi=* is better for the muscles than any amount of town exercise. Walk ing always on pavements makes the ankles thick. if your gums are tender try painting them with a camel's hair brush with lemon - -?dice 1-e careful not to lei it touch the ?itetli. Soft water should always be used for making soup, unless it be of green ]-eas, when hard water better preserves the To chine boots quickly.dD oat bUcken, tut rub with a piece of orange, l^ct the jisic* dry in, and th.'sr poliih_-rith a sott buish. when .they will -shine like a mirror. fcJderdown comforts are apt to lose their lightness after considerable use. To restore * them, brat well with a tattan beater, and * ham; on the line for a few hours in ^.rung v- :n*L To clean a zinc-linod bath use kerosene, for no other preparation has such & brightening effect- Simply moisten a doth with kcio- ene. and with it rub the inside uf the buth. To prevent pood flannel from shrinking and keep the colour bright, it should be ua^ied in warm water-not boilt-U— ihe wap w^li washed out — then hung up evenly ?? * and dried rapidly. For removing old paint and varnish froir wordwork, apply an emulsion formed r~ two parts ammonia shaken up with cJ ^ part of turpentine. TMs so softena/* ,_? , paint t-at after a few moments it can be scraped or rubbed off. A Much-needed Training. No vrcman who takes up .a special line of ?work tliinks of entering into it without some j-refaotorr training along those lines. The present standard of excellence is high, ?nd mskeF it impossible to enter the world cf labour without previous preparation. There is one profession, however — the most important of all — for \rhich no systematic training is considered neoestArv. It ia the proiession of matrimony. Younp women enter into this pofltion of extreme responsi biHty sweetly ignorant of the duties before tlit- ra, &i; well as of the bobt methods of g«ei forming those duti.^s. On the house keeper depends the health, comfort, and happiness of the family. If she has never been instructed as to the methods of pro curing (he beet results, the first few years of marriace are fcpent in disheartening cx pmencrs, whose influence extends to the temper or the entire family, and -li*reord ?nd fault-finding are the result. Consider ing the large number of \ron»en who marry and hold in their hands tht happiness of — ''families, it seems strange that there should be so tittle special training for the profes sion of wife. Probably one reason for this is that modesty impels most girls to declare that nothing is farther from their minds tr.an matrimony. Therefore they ore fitted for anv other sort bf career, notwithstand ing the fart that most of thdn end by tak ing husbands. Making the home-life idea), eiid successfully training children, are as treat factors in the country's success as rtiaij'fi commerdal enterprise. Uow can a |.'iri Ik expected to perform the duties of these in portant departments by instinct flone? As it is impossible during scbool ciay& to know whether or not a girl will Trurry, vhile extrenwly probable that she will, a training 'in housekeeping should be a part of n«r education. There are certain principles of hygiene and sanitation that evtryou* should fcnow^ whether married or not. There is tdso much to learn in the matter of the nutritive value of foods. Such knowledge as this would .not come Pmiss in tfny of ihe pursuits of life, as it migi\t, in a way, be. considered selfnrotcc ,tj«n-^ Therefore, the giri who studio to ft herself lor domestic life need not fear that her time is being waited, for as long as we are gregarious animal*) a knowledge 61 houtebold affairs - is advantageous tu each on* of Ui — 'The -preside.' The Spare Bedroom. Kooms that are 'uninhabited for any Ungth of time become kind of ghostly, and the stringier entering iheui feels lonely, fpxtieultriy in the spare bed room where he ''or she if left entirely alone for -the uight. The walk- arc damp And cold, even in mid nnnnier, the bed-dothing is damp and cWUy, yfe, even musty — spiders have spun . tlieif webs in the comers, and then? is no ]Jaee tu*d£r~1iie etna more cheerless, unin viting, lonely, and eren dangerous to the (nif£t than tUB very »mc spare betlicom, dangerous because one is liable to cur tract a heavy cold, which might culminate in _44texnnGiua, because of deeping in a damp TT*-m between damp sheets and 'under jlamp covers. ? : Any room kept closely shut up mast bf rxcesfiity become chilly and damp, and the Inspect of sleeping in such a room would tlill the heart and soul of the most buoy ant. A rcom that has for a long time re mained uninhabited becomes kind of un canny, and gives one the fit ling tli.it it i.s a place where ghosts walk, und since most 1-rcple are afraid of ghost*, if is not very pleasant to be placed in a room where, ]wr cl'Sncc, they have had full swinj* for sl length of time, and tlierefore rejK;! your Litniftinn. At least the hostess n&IgUt; open tUebUud^ throw oj*n the windows, and let the fresh air and sunlight into the room for a few days before the guests arrive in summer tiuie, end see that the bed-covering -.-* tho roughly aired and dried. And in uinter time the room should be thoroughly aired, u fire kept going in the room for at' least a tew days before the arrival of guests, thus removing all dampness from the walla and U-Jdinjr This will give to ;he room an ap jwamncri of habitation, which is refreshing tJ ihe giuwt. It is uot a mistaken idea to have any r*om in the hou.se that is too nit* for Ufi to li- iUrto into immediate and continuous use, arid if a guest arrives we «in easily double up a little, and still be comfortable.* and put the guest into a bright cheery room, betray ing on every hand signs of recent habita tion, and being cheery and bright because of this. ' All needful toilet articles should be placed iri Uic loom. A generuus supply o» soup. \\- citcr, and towels, and in the winter time plenty of covering to kepp warm, and then if the guest docs not sleep pcaecfulJv and \\.-11, it is at least, not the fault of the hos 