A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AT AUBURN. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBOR HOOD. Though some sceptics may deny belief in visit[?]s from another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies hard. Miss Marner, of “Lamington," Victoria road, Auborn, V otoria, has more than onoe seen something resembiiog a ghost—when, for instanoe, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by so many months’ ill ness. She says:— “ I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from eohool. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continual languid feeling that made me most miser able. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do to, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the “ quinine tooio" given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel aoute pains in my shoulders aod baok, and at nlgnt t onuld eoaroely gat any rest." “We tried every thing to induoe sleep,” interposed Mr Marner, '‘but without efieot; then I con sulted a well-known Collins street praoti tioner. fie said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advieed a onange. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but the returned looking worse. She would also retoh on rising in the morning; any food taken onuld not-be kept down. She lost flesh and beoame a mere ghost." "This time last.year",” said Miss Alioe, “I weighed 7 «t 3 ib, now Tarn 9'tt 1 lb." “ A great improvement; your treatment must have been benefioial!?" “No; all the medioioe I gnVdid me very little good. Actually, Dr Williams’ F<uk Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the jubilee .holiday-, father bought me a b 'X of Dr Williams’ Pink Pills, at Mr Pleasainoe’s, Chapel street, Prahran; they did me so'muoh good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I die ooniinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would reoommend them?” “ Yes; and that strongly, too," said Mr Marner; “had I known of Dr Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." There are many readers who msy be for tunate to save their pockets. if they aat as this young lady did. Dr Williams’ Pink Pills will cure ante nia, weak heart, sleep lessness, scrofula, consumption, chronic ery sipelas, debility, indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and obest and lung troubles, pale and tallow oomplexlnne, p-ralysis, loaomotor ataxia, neuralgia, S*. Vitus’ danoe, and nervnnt headache, and all nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr Williams' Medicine Company, aare Rncke, Tampsitt and Cos., Flinders street, Mel bourne, at two and nine a b>x, or six for fifteen and threepence, but tre genuine only with the fall name (seven words), Dr Williams' Pmk Pills for Pale People, on eaoh box. Thousands have testified to their curative powers. 