[?] An Alpine Tragedy. Mrs. Lolgliton, aged 2J. Lady ChUlworth, aged GO. .Scene : The covered terrace of the Hotel ItlfCelnlp facing tho peak of tho Mat terhorn. (Mrs. Leigh ton is looking through the hotel telescope at the peak of the Mat j tcrhoru. Lady ChUlworth (approaching) : What are you looking at, my dear ? . . Mrs. Lelghton: I'm looking "for my husband. He is on the Mntterhorn. ' -Lady Ohlilworih : Ah, you're young. When you get to my age you'll "find It wiser 'to Hook at your huebaud through the wrong end of the telescope. Mrs. Lelghtou : I think .1 see hiiu. Look, a tiny black speck against the pure white snow. Lady Ohlilworih (after, gazing at Mrs. Lcighton quietly for a. few moments): What an eloquent description of you aud him. : Mrs.. Lcighton : What do you mean ? (Nervously.) Lady ChUlworth : Oh, my, dear child, you can't deceive me. Do you;(tbtok I don't, know ; why you're making this dutiful display of interest In your hus band ? Mrs. Lelghton : But, indeed, I — 'Lndy Obilhyorth ; My poor child, you kept your room all day yesterday, and I heard. all that passed to It the night before Inst— bufore your, husband loft for tho Matterhorn— a hiost .ijuwilllug audience, I assure you ; but these for eign hotels, with doors connecting all the rooms, like a public picture gallery, are not safe places for husbands to moke exhibitions of themselves to. He's a brute ! Mrs. Lelghton : Lady ChUlworth 1 Lady ChUlworth (with rising indigna tion) : Yes, a brute. Tb&t; bruise on yohr forehead— ! Mrs. Leigliton (colouring deeply): I fell against the chest of drawers, and— Lady ChUlworth : He pushed you. I heard him. Mts. Lelghton : No, no— indeed. Lady ChUlworth : Yes, he did, and you, like the -little heroine you are, fear ful lest the truth should he known, , eit hero making a display of interest and affection before all these strangora But you seem' to have one devoted friend. Captain Thornton Is— Mrs. Lelghtou (.with enthusiasm) : Oh, he is such a good, true-hearted- Lady ChUlworth : No doubt of it, and I'm sure he means well ; but I'm an old woman, and know the world pretty well, and of the two, there's more danger to a young, attractive woman In a sympa thetic male "friend than to a bad hus band. Mrs. Lelghton : But .Captain Thornton Is a chivalrous gentleman. Lady ChUlworth : Granted 1 And if friendship were possible between the sexes It might be possible with him ; but "it Isn't \ Mrs. 'Lelghton : He Is the soul of hon our. Lady ChUlworth : Granted again. But he worships the ground you walk on ! Mrs. Lelghton (eagerly, then checking herself) : Oh, you don't think that, do you ? I mean I'm sure he Lady ChUlworth : Don't try to deceive a woman old. enough to be your grnnd mother. Do you think I don't know a mam (in love when 1 see one ? Mrs. Lcighton : But what makes you think lie— lie— cares for mc ? Lady ChUlworth : There's no mistak ing tbo look in Ills eyes, l'liey soften the moment he sees you. I -have watched you both. Do you know what heart hunger Is ? . Mrs. Lcighton (feelingly) : OU yes ! (Checking herself) At least, I scarcely think 1 know wliat you 'mean. Lady OhUlwor'ttf (grimly) : Quite right, Keep like that. Captain Thornton is a prey to the most' acute form of heart hunger, the hunger that gnaws the heart of a man debarred by honour from .declaring his love. A woman never mis takes that. 'Men think we don't know whni they feel for us unless we show them we know it. Oh, my denr, what a mistake. I've been through it nil. ' Mrs. Lelghton : You ? How sad you look. Lady Ohillworth (sighing) : Sad ! I've a woman's memory, child, heartless old worldling thongh I seem In the eyes. of a world tlmt judges' by externals! Your ease brings back to me a memory of the past OA pause.) Mis. Lelghtou . Won't you toll me about It ? Lady Chill worth : There's not much to tell. I married young, an undisciplined girl, -Ignorant of what love meant. When I grew to womanhood there came one Into my life who changed the meaning, of existence for .me. I loved hiui with every fibre of my nature. Had lie asked it I would have thrown every tie that bound mc to the winds. But lie loved my fair name andlionour before ail else, and In the loneliness of old age, Instead of a remembrance of the shame that dings for over to a stained life, I have the fair memory of a man's chivalry to live ou. The woman who holds such a memory in Iter heart is not quite the heartless old worldling she seems. (A pause;) Mrs.- Lelghtou (in a soft voice) : I am. so sorry for you. . - J Lady C'hllTworth : There, I'm a silly4 old1 woman ! Don't trouble your young heart about me, but look to yourself.' Few women aro so, fortunately unfor tunate as I was. Mine was an experi ence too. wonderful, to occur again, so bewnre of friendship. Mrs. Lcighton : But Captain Tlunton Is such a 'sympathetic friend, and I' look up tohim and trust him so. Lrrtly OUlIlworth : And beware of sympathy, ,too-r-It Is the overture to love. Mrs. Lelghtou,: But I nm; a 'married woman. We can't love— we musii't. Laily ChUlworth : Mustu't I The word Isn't in love's vocabulary. Oh, there Is Captain Thornton. See, even his good- manners arc severely tried at .seeing you -monopolised by any one else. I fancy I sn'w the ghost of a frown on his face when be saw mc. Good morning, Captain Thorutou. And don't ytu in tend to do the Matterhorn this time ? Captain Thornton : No, I think I have done with the Matterhorn now, Lady Cblllworih. 1 have ascended it seven! times. It has no more charms for me. Lady Ohlilworih : IIow man-like ! No-1 thing but the uuattaincd' Interests you men. Well, we shall meet at table-d'- hote ibis evening, I dare say. 1 am go ing down to Zcrmatt now. I hope to hoar of the safe return of the mountain ! party wheu 1 come back. Good-bye. % ! (Ludy ChUlworth nods to (Item, and leaves them alone together.) Captain Thornton : And so Mr. Leigh- . ton has gone to the Matterhorn after all? Airs. Lcighton : Yes, I tried hard to pcrsuude him not. In his present state bea r- the V'fa i Capta.!h\TbbrmbV:ii\v:''AOItig' of. you all' day ywjtrilny. - Mrs. Lcigiitoti:" (timidly): No,' I—I stayed in my. room. I had rather a dis turbed night, .You see, Mr. .Lelghton started early with, his guide for the Mat terhorn, nnd a lot of other people .went too, nnd the clatter aha noise made me wakeful. ': : T Captain Thornton (after gazing at her): How pale you look, and— what's that— a bruise oh your temple ? That wasn't there Inst time I saw you, Mrs. Lelghton : Oh, It's really nothing —nothing - a t all. I— I fell— It was my own: fault ! I fell against the chest of drawers. : Captain Thornton (with great emo tion) : Oh, my God— he struck you ! Mrs. Lcighton (falutly) : No— no-ln- dced— indeed :not. , . ""Oaptato Thornton (turns away nnd looks out across the valley to hide his emotion. After a pause lie returns to Iter, nnd, taking both her hands to hl9, speaks with nn effort nt self- rcstraim) : I am so dreadfully sorry for you, I— I can scarcely trust myself to speak to you ; but if the knowledge that you hnvo a devoted fricud who would ghidlv face death for you is any help, hoar it from my lips. . ' Mrs. Lelghton (looking up into his facu with tears to iler eyes) : Yes, indeed it Is a help, a great-help.- I cannot tell 4vou' bow great. (She Qtnks down on to a scat.) / ? > Captain Thornton (bending oyer her) : You look so faint and 111 shall I send for your maid ? . ' " Mrs. Lelghton : Would yon mind ? I will. go and lie. down again, I think. I didn't sleep well last night. '. ' (Captain Thornton retires. JIc returns witliMrs. Lolghton's timid; aud she goes away tojior own room J Six hours Inter. Evening. (Captain. Thornton Is smoking on the . covered terrace. Lady Chillwortli approaches him excitedly, nnd putsicr hand ou his arm.)- Lady OUlIlworth i Oh, Captain Thorn ton—your .poor UWie fricud. Such a shock. Her luisbnnd ! Captain Thorpton (starts) : What of him ? Lady OhlllwortU : D.cnd, dead 1 The news has just come— died on the Matter horn from exhaustion. He was a dread ful man, but still, lie was iter husband, and sudden death is always shocking. Captain Thorutou (as If in n dream) : Dead— dead ? Impossible Where is she ? ' Lady Ohill worth : In my sitting- room. I broke the news to her. (A pause.) Come to her— couie (laying hor hand upon his arm). I understand. Captain Thornton : Has she asked for mc ? \ Lady ChUlworth : Could she ask ?. Come. : (They enter Lndy Chlllworth's sitting- room together. Mrs. Leigliton is sit ting on the sofa, Captain Thornton sits down by her. Taking her hands ill Ills he drawsiier ceiitlv to him. nnd site bursts Into -tears.)— S. T. S.'» in " Black and White." 