LOST FOR LOyE: CHAPTER XXXV. Laura did not meaii by this abrupt change that his Satanic Majesty was coming, though ] it sounded like it. It was only one of his earthlv emissaries — Captain Cavendish, on lorscback. Captain Cavendish looked hand somer on horseback than anvvvhero elso, a Jact of which he .was fully convinced, nnd ho Tode up and lifted his hat to the ladies with gallant grace. ' Good-day to you, mademoiselles ! I called afc your house, Mr, Darcy, but found Miss Henderson out ! I trust I find you well, ladies, ?after last night's fatigue?' Ho addressed both, but he spoke only to one. That one lifted her dark eyes and 'bowed distinctly, almost coldly, and it was Laura who answered. ' Seven or eight hours' incessant dancing liave no effect on such constitutions as ours, Captain Cavendish ! We have been showing Miss Henderson the lions of Speckport!' ' And what does Miss Henderson think of ? those animals ?' 'Hike Speckport,' she said, scarely taking the trouble to lift her proud eyes; ' this part of it particularly.' She was in no mood for conversation, and took little pains to conceal it. ' Not at home to suitors,' was printed plainly on those con tracted black brows, and in tbe sombre depths of those gloomy eyes. Captain Cavendish lifted his hat and rode on, and tho distrait ? tieauty just deigned a formal bend of her Tegal head, and no more. Laura smiled a little maliciously to herself, not at all sorry to seo the irresistible Captain Cavendish rather snubbed than otherwise. There was nowhere to go now but to Refl ation, and they drove along the quiet road, in the gathering twilight of the short March afternoon. A gray and eerie twilight, too, the low flat sky, of uniform leaden tint, hang ing dark over , the blade fields and moaning sea. The trees, all along the road, stretched oat gaunt bare arms, and the cries of the ?whirling sea-gulls came up in the ' cold evening blasts. They had fallen into silence, involuntarily — the glooom cf the hour and tlio dreary scene weighing down the spirits of all. Something of the gloominess of the flat dull landscape lay shadowed on the face of the heiress, as she shivered behind her wraps in the raw sea-gusts. Ann Nettleby stood at her own door as the party drove by. The cottage looked forlorn and stripped, too, with only bai-e poles where the scarlet-runners used to climb, and a dis mal entanglement of broom-stalks, where the roses and sweetbrier used to flourish. Mr. Darcv drew rein for a moment to nod to the girl. ' How d'ye do, Ann ! Any news from that mnaway Cherrie yet ?' 'No, sir,' said Ann, her eyes fixed ?curiously on the heiress. 'Is this Redmon?' asked Miss Hender son, looking over the cottage at the red brick house. ' What a dismal place !' Dismal, surely, if house ever was ! All the sliutters were closed, all the doors fastened, no smoke ascending from the broken chim neys, no sound of life within or without ; not , even a dog, to humanize the ghostly solitude of the place. Black, and grim, and ghostly, it reared its gloomy front to the gloomy sky ; the stripped and skeleton trees moaning ?weirdly about it, an air of decay and des olation over all. Forlorn and deserted, ? ifc looked like a haunted house, and sucli Speck port believed ifc to be. The two young ladies leaning on Mr. Darcy's arms as they walked up the bleak, bare avenue, between the leafless trees, drew closer to his side, in ?voiceless awe. The rattling branches seemed to catch afc the heiress as she passed them, to catch savagely at this new mistress, out of whose face every trace of colour had slowly died away. ' It's a dismal old barrack,' Mr. Darcy said trying to laugh ; but you two girls needn't look like ghosts about it. If the sun was shin ing now, I dare say you would be laughing afc its grimness, both of you.' 'I don't know,' said the heiress, ' I cannot conceive this place anything but ghostly and gloomy. I should be afraid of that murdered woman or that drowned girl coming out from under those black trees in tho dead of night, I shall never like Redmon.' ' Oh, pooh !' said Mi'. Darcy, ' yes, you -will. When the sun is shining, and tho grass as green, and the birds singing, in these old trees, you'll sing a different tune, Miss Olive. We'll have a villa here, and this old rookery out of the way, and fino doings up here, and, after a while, a wedding, with Laura here, for bridesmaid, and myself to give you away. Won'fc we, Laura ?' ; ' I'm sure I don't know, sir. Who do you want to give her away to ?' ' Well, I'm not certain. There's Tom Oaks looney about her ; and there's that goodlook ing Englishman, all you girls are dying' for. You like soldiers, don't you, Miss Olive?' i -'Not particularly. Especially soldiers who never smell povvderexcept on parade-day, and whose only battles are sham ones. Ilike..those poor fellows who aro fighting and dying down South, biit carpet-knights I don't greatly aifect.' 'That's a rap over the head, Mr. Darcy, ' cried Laura, with sparkling eyes. ' I wish he heard you, Miss Henderson. ' ' He might if he liked,' said the heiress, scornfully. ' Well.' said the lawyer, taking the ' rap good- humouredly, ' ho enn make whom ho marries, ' my lady,' some day. Is not that an inducement, my dear?' ' Is he of the nobility, then ?' asked Olive Henderson, indifferently, aud not replying to the question. He is next heir to a baronetcy. Lady Olivo Cavendish does not sound badly, does it ?' ' Ho used to come hero often enough in the old days,' Laura said looking at the gloomy old mansion ; ' ho was all devotion to pool Nathalie.' Miss Henderson's beautiful short upper-lip curled. ' Ho seems to havo got wonderfully well over ifc in so brief a timo, for a lovo so de -vofced.' » It is man s naturo my dear, said Mr. Darcy; 'hero's tho houso, will you go through?' . Laura absolutely screamed at tho idea. 'Good gracious Mr. Darcy ! I would not go in for all tfco world. Don't go Olive— I mean Miss Henderson.' ' Oh call me Olivo ! I hato Miss Henderson. 'No l don't caro for going in — tho place has given mo tho horrors already. As they walked back to tho carriage Laura asked her what slio thought of Mr. Darcy's plan of tho villa. ' I shall 'think about it,' was the reply. ' Meantime Mr. Darcy 1 wish you would look out for a nice house for me, one with a garden attached and a stable, and in somo nice street, with a view of the water.' 'But, dear me!' said Laura, 'I should think ifc would be ever so much nicer and i handier to board. It will be such a bother. housekeeping and looking after servants, and all that kind of thing. If I were you I would board.' She turned upon Laura Blair, her eyes, her face, her voice, so passionate, that that young lady quite recoiled. ' Laura !' she cried out, in that passionate voice, ' I must havo a homo. A homo, do you hear, not a boarding house. Heaven knows I have had enough of them to last me my life, and the sound of the word is hateful to me. I must have a home where I will be tho mistress free to do as I please, to come and go as I like, to receive my friends and go to them as it suits mo, unasked aud Unquestioned. I must have a home of my own, or I shall die.' ? CHAPTER XXXVI. Mr. Darcy looked out a house for the heir ess ; and after a fortnight's search, found one to suit.^ It bolonged to a certain major, who was going with his bride, a fair Speckport onian, home to old England, on a prolonged leave of absence. It was to be let, all ready furnished ; it was situated around the corner from Golden Row, commanding afine view of the harbour, and with two most essential re quisites, a garden and a stable. It was a pretty little cottage house,- with a tiny draw ing-room opening into a library, and a parlour opening into a dining-room. There was a wide hall between, with a delightful glass porch in front, a garden fronting the street, and the door at the other end of the hall opening into a grass-grown backyard. Alto gether ifc was a pleasant little house, and Miss Henderson took it at once, as it stood, on the major's own terms, and made arrangements for removing there at once. ' I roust havo a horso, Laura, yon know,' she said to Miss Blnir, as they inspected the cottage together, for the two girls had grown more and moro intimate, with every passing day. ' I must have a horse, and a man to take care of him'; and besides, I shall feel safer with a man in the house. Then I must ! have a housekeeper, some nice motherly old lady, who will take all that tronhlfi off mv hands ; and a chambermaid, who must be pretty, for one likes to have pretty things about one ; and I shall get now curtains and pictures, and send to Boston for a piano and lots of music, and oh, Laura ! I shall be just as happy us a queen here all day long.' She waltzed ro.md the room where they were alone, in her new glee, for she was as fitful of temper as an April day — all things by turns, and nothing long. Laura, who was lolling back in a stuffed rocker, looked at her lazily. ' A housekeeper, Oily ! There's Mrs. Hill, that 'vyidew you told me once you thought had such a pleasant face. She is the widow of a pilot, and has no children. Sho lives with her brother-in-law, Mr. Clowrie, and would be glad of the place.' Miss Henderson gave a last whirl and wheeled breezily down upon a lounge. 'Would she? Bat perhaps slio wouldn't suit. I waut some one that can get up din ners, and oversee everything when I have a party. I must have a cook, too— I forgot that.' Laura laughed. ' If you went dinnerless one day, you would be apt to remember it afterward. Mrs. Hill is quite competent for a dinner, or any other emergency, for she was housekeeper in some very respectable English family, before she married that pilot. I. am sure she would suit, and I know she would like to come.' ' And I know I would like to have her. I'll go down to Mr. Clowrie's to-morrow, and make her hunt me up a cook and housemaid, and stableman, I shall want a gardener, too — that's another thing I forgot.' s ' Old Ncttleby will do- that. I say, Oily, you ought to give us a house-warming.' ' I mean to ; but they never can dance in these little rooms. Oh, how nice ifc is to have a house of one's own !' Laura wondered at the morbid earnestness of Miss Henderson on this subject. She knew very littlo of the prior history of the heiress, beyond that from great wealth she had fallen to great poverty, and had had an unpleasant experience in New Toi'k boarding houses ; tho probable origin of this desperate heart-sick longing for a house of her own — a home where sho would be tho mistress, the sovereign queen. Mrs. Hill, tho pilot's widow, was very glad of Miss Henderson's offer, and gratefully closed with it at once. Perhaps the bread of dependence, never very sweet, was unusually bitter, when sliced by the fair hand of Miss Catty. She was a tall, portly old lady, with a fair, pleasing, unwriakled face, and kindly blue eyes, that had a motherly tenderness in them for tho rich young orphan girl. ' And I want you to find me a cook, and a groom, and a housemaid, Mrs. Hill,' Olive said ; and tho girl must bo' pretty. I mean to have nothing but pretty things about me. I am going to tho cottage on Monday, and you must have them all before then.' ? Mrs. Hill was a treasure of a housekeeper. Before. Saturday night she had engaged a competent cook, whose husband knew all about horses, and took tlio place of groom and coachman. She got, too, a chambermaid, with a charmingly pretty face and form ; and tho new window-draperies of snowy lace and purplo satin were festooned from their gilded cornices ; and the new furniture was .arranged ; and. tho now pictures, lovely little landscape-scenes, hung around tho walls. It was a perfect little bijou of a cottage, and tho heiress danced from room to room on Monday morning with tho glee of a happy child delighted with its now toy, and hugged Laura at least a dozen times over. ? 'Oh, Laura, Laura, how happy I am ! and how happy I am going to be hero ! I feel as if this great big world were all sunshine aud 'beauty, and I wore tho happiest mortal iu it !' ' Yes, dcai-,' said Laura, ' but don't strangle me, if you can liolp it. Tho rooms are beautiful, and your dear five hundrod are dying to bohold thom. When does that house-warming como off ?' Miss Henderson was whirling round and round liko a crazy teetotum, and now stopped beforo Miss Blair with a sweeping courtesy that ballooned her dress all out around her. ' On Thursday night, mademoisello, Miss Henderson is ' At Homo.' The cards will bo issued to-day. Como and practico ' Como Whcro My Lovo Lies Dreaming.' Captain Cavendish takes tho tenor, and Lieutenant | Blank tho bass. Wo must charm our frionda with it that night.' Miss Henderson did not invite all her dear five hundred friends that Thursday night — tho coctage-rooms would not have held them. As ifc was, the pretty dining-room and parlour were well filled, and the heiress stood receiving her guests with the air of a royal princess holding a drawing-room. She look ed brilliantly beautiful in her dress of rich mauve silk sweeping the carpet with its trailing folds, its flounces of filmy black lace, a circlet of red gold in her dead black hair, twisted in broad shining plaits around her graceful head, a diamond necklace and cross blazing like a river of light around her swan like throat, and a diamond bracelet flashing on one rounded arm. Speckport, ah ! ever envious Speckport, said these wero but Australian brilliants, and that the whole set had not cost three hundred dollars in New York ; but Speckport had nothing like them, and Speckport never looked on anything so beautiful, as Olive Henderson that night. She was no longer wan and haggard ; her dark cheeks had a scarlet suffusion under the brown skin, and the majestic eye a radiance that seemed more and moro glorious every time you saw her. No one could complain that night of caprice or coquetry, or partiality ; all were treated alike ; Tom Oaks, Lieutenant Blank. Mr. Val Blake, and Captain Cavendish ; she had enchanting .smiles, and genial hostess-like courtesies for all, love for none. Whatever beat in the heart throbbing against the amber silk, the lace and the diamonds of her bodice, she only knew — the beautiful dark face was a mask you could not read. Miss Henderson's reception was a grand success ; Mrs. Hill's supper something that immortalized .her forever after in Speckport. The guests went home in the gray morning light with a dazed feeling that they had been under a spell all night, and were awakening uncomfortably from it now. They were' under the spell of those magical smiles, of that entrancing face and voice — a spell they were powerless to withstand, which fascinated all against their better judgment, which made .poor Tom Oaks wander up and down in the cold, before the cottage, until sunrise, to the imminent risk of catching his death ; which mado half a score of his young townsmen lose their sleep and their appetite, and which made Captain George Percy Cavendish pace up and down his room ia a sort of fever for two mortal hours, thrilling with the remembrance of the flashing light in those black eyes, in the bewildering touch of those hands. For you see, Captain Cavendish, having set a net to entrap an heiress, was getting hopelessly entangled in its meshes himself, and was drunk with tho draught he would have held . to her lips. And so the reoling world went round, and she who wove the spell, who turned the heads, and dazed the hot brains of these young men, lay tossing on a sleepless pillow, sleepless with the excitement of the dead hours, sleepless with something far worse than excitement — remorse ! (To be continued.') 