SHOlfcT STOR Y- THE RIBBOHMM O'KEEFFE. 8 The fox must sleep sometime, the wild deer must rest; 'Am treachery will prey on the heart iv the best. Shasius O'Bbeen. «. see that slash np there in the face iv the mopntain down apiece middle ways from the white cap iv the snow ? Yes, that's it. Well, shore its, called the cave iv slaughter, and was the hiding place iv Jim O'Keeffe, the Eibbonmsn, in the dark time that's gone: _ . There's a patch iv brown rock in front ; and iv a summer's evening whin the son is going, down, behind the shoulder of the hill there, into the Itlantio, the last taste iv a glance he throws on these parts is on that slice iv rook and makes it as red as blood. And the boys and girls coming in from the fields, looking at it, saj s, blessing theirsels and whispering : , 'The blood iv the Itibbonman is shining very strong to-night. May God pnrteot us from all butt or harm. Iv/a box-fire night too, whin the boys are hauling down the furze and the bog aldher and the big bundles iv the heath to make the fire here in the borheen, and keep the blight off the potaty garden, I go bail there's not wan iv thim would put a bill-hook into that side iv the mountain for fear iv disturbing the last sleep iv the Ribbonman O'Keeffe and the false-hearted, beautiful girl who's there buried near him, or the soljers who've their lodging till the Last Day in the bog mould iv Corrin. Story is it ? Wisha 'tis the pityful story, Mid some iv the womin don't be in the better of hearing it, and will set up crying and ullagonin', which is the nathure iv the . oray thnrs. Faith, I :hear me grandfather, forty years ago, telling it over, and over again, setting down in the chimbley corner, lighting his pipe wid; a dhry potaty stalk to give a flavour to thebit iv tobaccy. Bsgor ifs oftin it gev mefeelf a shake thim times going up to bed, afterwards thinking and dhraming iv blood and murtherand ghosts and banshees : -a young gossoon that' had no- . rinse and was afeard.iv the shadows the heel- iv the fire was making, on the wall..- - V . , Be what me gran' father : tould : me-i t "a>l took place after the battle iv Yinegai Hill. The ould canto was . gone to ..the mischief, and the-. poor -people. -was slaughtering 1'be gangs iv soljers and Hessians .= who were tramboosing around the conthry atingand dhrinking and. mnrthern' be Marshal Law . for satisfaction, and to quieting . the Rebels, as they said, after the . Rebellion. You couldn't call a horse or a cow or a hin or a haypiirth yer own, to say nothing: iv yer sqwl and body and the divil a snuff iv a candle could ye light after nightfall for fear iv drawing the soljera to the house and they hanging ye for . thrayBon. Most iv the boys aronnd this place that . wasn't shot . or hung took to ; the mountains ; living on the rabbits and hares and the dhrop \- iv. potheen, and taking vingance whin they | .see the opportunity. Woe betide toe Red | Cost that, would dare to show his nosa up | the side iv Corrin. Many's the purty fight was in and aronnd here, I can tell yon, whin thd boys would stale down wid their pikes in their- hands, and take a gang iv the sol jers unawares, and lave thim there wid their backs in the bog a male for the orows and hawks. Sometimes You'd find as many as half a dozen iv the soljers hanging from the tjjree there b£yapt at the pross roads, in the iaorning'; th?n the people knew that the Ribbonmen were out the night before., : Sometimes again 'twas some dacent father -.and mother's child from the village ycu'd find "caught and hanged he the soljers/ or maybe lying dead down in a drain or' a bog hole wda gash in his breast, after orawliDg in,' the crayfhur, for a dhrink iv wather to aise the fayer'toat was.bnrning in his inside. JfUhe head of all the Ribbonmen wbb Jim P'Ket ff e/a "sirappiD g man, I bear me grand father say, six feet in his stocking vamps, \- and a ca®peither be trade. He was tidy at lettlicg the handles for -the" croppy pikes, £nfi. as. strong and as courageous a boy as ever took to the mountains to strike a blow topoorlxelaad . - " God help us, 'twas little use for him in the ipd. What between the soljers always oomin', no matter 'how many yon kilt, and picking "off or hanging wan loan this time and an- fiber the next time, at lotag last he came to ave n'O wuh only himself, and it's np there 6M.de lie wl'S in thev cave Wia nothing for fcdmpatij' but his onld flint lock iv-a gun. Sp'd pfep down sometimes, and wMn the . Ihfcoeera wSI galoping apast on the road there d be the report of the gun, and wan fiddle would be a bit lighter, or maybs two if he got the chance, and the Sassanaoh gpljer would hlYe a tspuld resting place on hp side iy the 'roa£ Yrid hia brains in the v ditch, for O'Keepe couldn't afford to mies a shot, not having the powdher to spare. As for hatching him wanst he had the start through thabbgl and hills, faith ! yon might as weU think iv ketohicg tfce lightning. If he got his . heels into the shaky bog they couldn't follow him because there was only one way through it, and they didn't know that ;. and if yon missed yer footing going afther" him/ you'd be swallowed down and niver heard of again. The shaky , bog ran hp to the foot iv the monntain-— there ! yon can see it yerself stretching away there- beyaht the fields: At length and at last the Government said, I suppose, they'd stand it ho longer, seeing all their soljers gbing for nothing, ..and- bate . be wan man ; and, faith, .they put out a re- . ward '-for O'Keeffe, "dead preKve/andeint a half >4a regiment of soljers in' tee vjllage to take him be fair means or. foul," 'abd -find out- where the divil he was biding, at all. V 'Howsomeher, wid. all the- searching and. ctdss hackling and rewards, .no wan weald tall through, the manes iv .being so fond iv O'Keeffe; and hating the name iv. an in former tfiat . runs down wid curses through. he: eiyen generations. Moreover, they didn't knbw wherehe was hidings, no. wan knew that bnt his sweetheart,. Kathleen O'Moore — and. eiura 'twas- the . misfortune day for. him that he had. any thing, to say to . Sift?, .. . . . Kuuileen was as handeome a srirl as ever stepped on the pink flowers iv the heath : tall and straight as the'mount&in.; ash, wid a shapely face tile oolour-Ui v-the-r edfuppfes-in Autamn, and eyes as black as the. sloeS bn the blackthorn whin the first touch iv tie r,oRfc ifs hardening the headB iv the enrly SfsJ. be waB ify maid np at the GreatHouse kept in thim times be wan Mr Delany, a decent man "although a Broteetant ind a magistrate to hoot; and he used to interfere to save the poor people from the goljersiwhin it could be done, which, God, knows, wasn't veryoftin. " . -Herself afad O'Keeffe were- very great wid Wan another before the Rebellion, and whin jhe took to. the mountains many's the time hefystole down in the dark night to bave a word, or mayhoakks, from her; running V.;R neck into the halter for that same. Twice or three times in the week she'd slip tout in the night time, or in the mists in the morning across the passage iv the shaky bog that he showed her, and bring np the mouthful of dacent vittles uudhef her cloak, or maybe the little dhrop to keep np his courage. People said that only for her he'd be gone away tb France long ago in a ship than used to run in the keg of brandy below the rooks for the gintry, be smuggling, and the diysl a word said about the duty, thraison.prno,, . . i Thai neighbours niver cared very .much gbout the same Kathleen, she Was so flighty and quare in herself— always tbrying to put- on the airs iv the quality, and dhressing herself up out iv all raison wid the gowns that the yonng Mistresses used to give her whin ' they'd come down from the.Gastle aftber the Lavees, or whataomever they oall it. She used to say, she was as good a lady as any iv thim, and handsomer be far if eha only 'got the ohanoe iv showing herself off. IPeople thought it' was very bad naythnr .iv tg b? tjMeg liie aad eyfry w l Bnoh a state of throuble and misfortune, through the manes iv the soljers, and the hanging, and the stharyation, and the divil knows what, that was going on at the time, and that 'twaB no good lack she'd bring to Jim O'Keeffe in the long ran. The soljers, as I say, eome for the taking of Jim O'Keeffe, because the Government were getting in dhread iv him; and the' man who bad charge, iv them was Captain Lennox, a tall, handsome Englishman, wid his long boots, and his- red coat all covered with gold lace, and a three-corner hat on his head, and a long sword hanging be his side. Oh, there's no two ways about it, he was a grand man entirely ! He see a lot of fight-, ing, 'twas- said, in France and -Spain and other foreign latitudes, and " was a regular divil at Shrinking, and all ports' and sizes iv raking and roguery ; and as for the girls, the deuce a wan of thim iver sit eyes on him that wouldn't olimb the hobs iv Hell to get a smile from the Captain. He was stopping at Mr Delaney's house while he was hereabouts ; soouting the country all day for poor Jim O'Keeffe, and dhrinking and dancing and card playing all night, and 'twas there he first sat eyes on Kathleen O'Moore ; and bad lack to him for his throuble anyhow. Thin qnare stories began to be going aronnd, about the Captain meeting Kathleen ontside in the grounds and whispering to her ; and her airs were getting grandher every day ; and she was tying up hei hair like the young Mistesses, and talking Englified like the Captain ; and saying it's not the likes iv Jim O'Keeffe she need be depending on ; and people began to thrimble for the Ribbonman, and the foolish girl that had his life in her hands. All at wanst she dhropped off going next' or near O'Keefe, and the talk abont herself and the Captain got - loudher audlondher. Iv course not a sqwI dare to say 'boo,' for fear iv bringing the soljers down on their-; self, and thin 'twould, only be the rope and the branch iv a three, and no more law or logic about it. bio wan could see the Rib bonman, aitber to give him the beck or put him on his gnard, not railly knowing where , ho was, and in dhread iv being followed if ;.they went looking for him. The upshot. iv ' it was that,. I suppose he got tired iv being be himself all day, in the mountains, thrying 1 to snare a rabbit or stale on a plover ; or he was unaisy in his mind about Kathleen, thinking she was kilt maybe, or in eome throuble"; anyways, he slipped down wan night, pi oking his steps wid nd jnore noise than a shadow. He eroesed the shaky bog, frightening the snipe, and thin went over the ploughed fields and across the road into the grove'baok iv Mr Delany's house: He climbed up the wall iv the demasne as smooth1 as a. cat afther a blackbird,, and hid- . ing among' the ivy, looked, over into the lawn to see if the coast f was dear, so that he'd give the screech iv the curlew three times, which was the token he always gave whin he wanted her to come ont. Just sb & peeped in he see the glitter of a goold uniform, for the night was beginnings to get lightsome, though the moon wasn't dne for another hour at laist. He made ont the figure iv a tall soljer crawling along the shrubbery, houlding his sword undher his arm, and poking his way, afeard iv making a noise. O'Keeffe got a start whin he see this, and put bis hand on the long knife that he had stack in the belt around his waist. Bat, no ; the divil a notice the other toqk iv him, only stood ondher a three near at hand, and gave a whistle, and a couple iv minutes afther a woman walked aisy and qniet down the grass iv the lawn, and joined the soljer ondher the. three. Who was it but Kathleen O'Moore ! The Ribbonman held his breath, and couldn't believes his eyes ; still, there she was, and sure he ought to khow her be fore anyone else in the world. They were talking a .piece in whispers, and thin they moved oyer near where he was doubled up in the ivy iv - tbe wall, and he cbnld hear what they were saying. 1 Oh, Captain, jewel,' Bays Kathleen, 'I'm getting uneasy in me mind ; afeard we'll be fonnd ont. How is it going to ind at all ?' . 'Don't you. throuble yer party head, me darling girl,' says the .Captain, (for faith, it waB Captain Lennox himself). ' They had more whispering, and the Cap tain stooped down and kiBsed the girl. The Ribbonman's heart stopped, and he was ketcbing his knife wid a seyare grip. ' Yon know where the dam Rebel is hid ing, Kathleen,' says the Captain. ' I hear be ali accounts that he was a lover iy yours.' 'He used to be, Captain, dear,' says Kathleen, ' bnt shore that was before yev put the comehitber glance on me, and stole me heart from him altogether. I cjpn't cars' now if I never saw him again.' 'Very good,' says the Captain, 'I'll tell ye what we'll do. I'm anxious to get out iv this boghole iy a country, and marry yon and take yon over to England ; and it's the fine life and dhresses andr all sorts iv grandheur you'll have, and nothing to tbronble -you for the rest ;v yer life; ? ' And will 1 be with yer aquillsand all the grand ladies ?' says the foolish girl, . ' Aye, that you will,' says the Captain; ' And it's a finer lady yon are than the best iv them. Howsomever I can't stir a peg until we ketoh O'Keeffe, and if you showed us where he was it's not long nor laisy we'd be in surrounding him, and thin you and meself were off to England wid no wan a bit the wiser iv it.' ' Share, if I hethrayed him,' says Kath leen, ' it's hanging mm ye'd be, and what would he do thin 'f - 1 don't care much about him now, Captain, hut I wouldn't like to see him hang for all that.' That's the mistake you're making,' says the Captain. He won't be hung at all, if you sbow us where - he is. 'Out iv regard for yerself I'll spake to the Government and get ' him only transported, and he'll be left out again afther a year to two ; hut if we take him by any . other means it's hung or shot he'll be without any parleying.' ' ' ' 'And T'<| he only saving his life to he giving him np V says Kathleen. . ' That's all,' says the Captain ; < and. the day yon do we'll get mayried and set sail for : Onld England: ' And suppose I was going to see him in the morning; whin the mist is on the monn tain, and that yon and yer men followed me, and found him ont, share, thin it wouldn't bd my fault,' says the Judas iv a;girl. " ; . '.'That's exactly how it' wcinld be man aged,' ea/s tbe Captain, wid A laugh, ' hat thin the1- Ribbonman was 'loosening win iv the top stones' in the wall to send it crashing thro' the Captain's skull/whin, as bad luck would bave it, it slipped away and down into. thp lawn, making some noise. Stop, atop, says Kathleen, 'what's- that?' Oh, it's only an owl, or a; oat, or some thing in the ivy, says the Captain. ' How- Boihever we'll see,' and drawing his sword he walked over and dhrnv it in into the ivy. Bnt the sou of the mountains, wid the feet iv the weaBle and tbe sinews iv the red deer, Bwnng himself clear iv the wall/and clinging his leg into a young fir three dhropped ont into the grove, not stirring a lafe, as light as a bird. He walked ofl nndher tbe threes without a sound and ont on the road again, and across over the ditch into the fiolds. Here he stopped for a piece, dhrawing his breath hard and his head sank down on his shoul- dhers like as if be was stack wid a knife, and he looked back wanst wid a groan and wiped hiseyes wid the sleeve iv bis coat ; thin he walked away slow to the shaky bog, . . ... S(o wan cou4 tell the cfiiarb lights and sonnda the Ribbonman see and beard that night.- The moon was just climbing the back iv-the monntain which was all dark yet wid the rays shining oat on aich side looking like a big blaok figger wid two white arms stretohing out to -welcome home the broken hearted outlaw. As he' passed undher -th9 threes be the roadside the oig owl that comes out in the night flapped her wipga in his face; A : moaning'- sound was spreading in the topsviv the branches hat shivlred befor : if and 'bggan wailing aronnd him, and h knew . I r ' .. r ' ' - — I ing keen-for the lasfc iv' his race. While ho I wint aoross in the yellow -light, he met the 1 Foxy Woman that walks tbe ploughed fields in the Spring, wid he long 'shawl . covered be her red, hair, and/ her corpse face and her staring- eyes looking; at the moonlight; and shore seeing fier -inanes sudden death. Going into the shaky bog the snipe rope up wid a screech, ' and whirled about wid the moon shining on their wet wings, and thiu dhropped... down .again like falling stars (share his star was falling too!) : and slip-- ping np the side iv the moiintapn he sees the whith fog that the sou'- west wind was blow ing in from the Itlsntic spreading over the. land like a winding sheet iv the dead. But. he walked into, the cave with a hard look_on his face and didn't mind the warning that his dead ,and> gone , relations were sending him iv his doom. The. place was all dark inside, so he strack the flint and steel, and went over to a corner and took up a handful iv the 'boohaleen' that was lying there, and made a bit iv fire for himself, and he sat down on the stone overrightit. ' I don't care whether they see the fire or the smoke to-night, says he, 'or whether they take me or not. Lave thiui take me and hang me; it's no heart I've for any thing else,- only I'd like to strike wan blow fust. Ooh, she sowled me to the Sassanaoh, and share I'd have laid at her feet and given her me heart's blood if she only said the yrord.' Then he took a pull at the 'potheen' (and ehure the oraythur wanted it) and sat down on th9 stone again, looking hard_ at the blaze' wid Dig. tears running down his brown oheeks, and he snuffing and trying to keep thim baok. He began afther a piece ham ming wan iv the onld tunes and biting time wid his leg agin the floore, bringing baok the times whin himself and Kathleen were danoing at the cross roads wid the light iv love and fan in their eyes, aqd Thady Murphy, the. piper, squeezing the bag and blasting ont the finest jig that ever woke np merriment in boy or girl. Now and thin he used wips the cears off, his face and give a bit iv a moan, and thin he'd take a pull al ways at the potheen. By and bye the mist stole' up- the monntain and he sees it standing ht the opening iv - the cave like as if it came to keep company with him in his sorrow, for they had spint night afther night together on the heath, and many's the time it rose and consay led him whin the Hessians or the Sassanaohs were staling on his thraoks: He mnst have gone to sleep thin, because the next thing he sees was the bright morn ing straiming in and Kathleen standing in the fog atxtha entrance iv the cave wid a basket in her hand. - ; ' I'm afther coming, Jim,' says she, ' wid the bit to ate for you. I wasn't able to be here at all, all the week ; and Jjm, asthore, how are yon?' ; He got up Btraightening himself and looked at her as she .tried to smile the lie out iv her face. i 'I don't want it, Kathleen,' says he; 'I'll niver take thebit and the sup out iv yer hands agin. What ails yon, Jim ?' says she, noticing his dhrawn face and the terror iv his eyes. ' Heavens ! yer hair is white.' And so it was as white as the fog that was peeping over her shonldhers. He walked over to her and looked into her face, and the big tears rolled down' his" oheeks. As she looked at the splendid man standing like a . statue in cold despair, and see the tears . trickling away, she thought iv the joy iv the ould times, and the way his, footsteps in the borheen in the evenings used to make her heart bate, and then her treachery to him leaped up blading before her eyes,- and her head bang down fix horror and shame. : ' Run, Jim, says she all at wanst, ketoh- ing him be the arm and thrying to drag him tike a mad woman, 'run for the love of the B'.essed'Yirgin. You're sonld ; the soljers is coming. Qh, God. forgive_me! 'Run, Isthore, and save yerself ; I')l stop here j- shure lave them;kill me. . No, says the Ribbonman, wid a touch iv pride in his voice, ' I'll not run ; I'll stand me ground and die like a man. Run ? and lave yon to he God iv Heaven— what ? . . . Ah, Kathleen! you'Jl never. kiss the Sassanaoh soljer again.' And saying this, he drew the knife ont iv his belt and dhrnv' it into her heart. She shivered and thried to spake, bnt the blood zn3hed ont through her mouth, and she fell on the floore dead- He stopped for a minnit looking at.her wid the same wild stare in his eyes, and thin softened a bit and stooped down blinded wid the tears and kissed her forehead, for the blood was flowing from her lips. Thin he leaped to his feet and ran -over and took up his gun- and his powder horn and made out. i The mist was rising. He crawled over and lay down behind a big lump iv a rook, consayling himself as well as he could, and peeped out ; there, Bhure enough, climbing up the pass was a body iv soljers headed be the Captain wid Mb sword in his hand urging ttom on. fhey aidu't see O'Keeffe yet, as far as he conld make out, for they niver stopped. He waited until they came within range iv his ould flintlock and thin he. covered the Captain and fired. Down fell me bould Captain, tumbling out iv the : path to be made smithreens iv be the sharp edges iv the orags below. The min stopped and fired at O'Keeffe, for- satisfaohnn, but 'twas no use. They came on agin ; he fired and down goes another, and in tMs way they were advancing and he firing and killing a man at every shot. At long laBt his pow dher was gone, . and they wera.nearing and nearing. . On a suddint he threw down his gun and stepped out to the front iv the ledge over- right thim. He tore open the breast iv his waistkit, and standing there.he called out in a voice that was heard almost down in the village:— . 'Fired'- The soljers stopped. It was so orexpeoted it gavethim . a start ; or shure maybe 'it was in admiration iv his courage; for a soljer- is a soljer no matter what colour he has on his back. .Thiu ' they all raised their muskets and fired together. Whin the smoke riz they see there lying on the" free mountain, ' torn and gashed to pieces be the bullets, wid his face halt turned towards .the/ cave, the last mortal remains of ' the Ribbonman, Q'Keeffo.— Jahes McCabEj LL.B. 