POLITICAL PARAGRAPHS. Mji. Tom Smith, M.P. for South Melbourne, is re garded as a certainty for a portfolio in the next Turner Ministry. # # # Mil. James Mirams has been amasing himself for some months with the preparation of an Australian federal tariff -which he considers will exactly suit the Commonwealth' . Bill, producing the full amount of revenue required, and at the same time affording full protection to native industries. # Mr. Watt voted against the first Transvaal contingent but, "in view of recent events in South Africa he-would be in favour of a second contingent at this date." This is very good aud patriotic of Mr. Watt' but to make his position completely clear he should have said "in view of recent events in Pivrliament- the post-oilice-and South Africa." # . » ' Tjiis Mines department, according to the new brooms,, was in a terrible state when they came into it, and they will be kept busily sweeping for a long time before the litter is cleared away. It is reported that more than one permanent officer of the Victorian Mines departniont had determined to resign if the Turner regime continued. * .* IN Mr. >Shiels' enigmatic state of health, the M'Lean Cabinet possesses a trump card which' can be played at any moment." What more natural than that under the strain of Cabinet work he might End it necessary to resign -what louder than the regrets of his colleagues-and what better for their political health as well as for Mr.. Shiels ? * * Mit. Williams, late Minister of Bail ways, at Castle. maine : " Mr. Shiels had been kicked oil" the Treasury benches on a former occasion like a dumb dead dbg." What a wealth of attribute and illustration. A' dog on the Treasury benches is good to begin " with-but a dead dog J It would seem unnecessary to kick him-and it was good of Mr. Williams to inform us" that he was not only dead,- but dumb.. . M«. Oufctrim has boon talking like a father to all the leading officials of the Railway department, and they were so touched and affected by a Minister actually deigning to take an interest in railway matters, and telling them what ideas he held of railway policy, that; they were moved almost to tears! Such a thing had I hot occurred before, they said, within the memory of the oldest railway official. . ? * .»..#? WHEN Mr. M'Gay proceeds to taunt' the Turner. Ministry with their kikewarmnoss on Federation, it is a case of a very dirty pot calling a well burnished kettle black: The Turner Government rio doubt shuttled , on the .Federation question, and refused to lead when the way looked 'dangerous, but thoy rushed forward shout ing gallantly when they saw it was safe, and took a, crowd.of waverers along with them. Mr. M'Lean' ion; the other hand fought tooth and nail for provineialiy'm and his special interests-was so violently: anti-federali that one natiu'tllly looks with suspicion on his newj office-born zeal for the cause of united Australia. . . . *. , * * Siit" George Turner is entirely satisfied and greatlyj amused by Mr. . M'Lean's speech, the cause of satis faction being that the new Ministry " has stolen the entiro^wardrobe" of the old,.-V even down' to its, did: boots." ". Sir George evidently thinks the clothes will be, a misfit for their new owners-that the boots will give them political''corns-and that Parliament will hand them' back to the original proprietors who can wear there with an easy careless grace. It is not improbable-not improbable either that the country will oall the rival claimants beiore them on" a dissolution, and insist that' one or other of them shall appear after the elections in clothes of a better political cut, . *» # ' # Misssns. Watt and McCay, the young members of the M'Lean Ministry, give undesirable evidence of their youth in the reckless personalities which they indulge'in on the platform. On the other sl.de, Mr. Pefteoolc,' also a shining light of the A.N.A,, Is the vnost given to the. "You're a liar-You're . anotherform of political retort. It will bo a great pity if young Australian politicians continue to make a praotloe'of this kind of thing, on the platform, and" introduce/into election oampaigns, where the question is merely personal, ai> abusive style of rhetoric, far more degrading to pollti'oal life than the utmost bitterness of invective which isi inevitable whon some.groat public question is at Htake.i . ' * . . # # : ' -' ?' 1 ? It is in the irony ol! tilings that. the' anti- contingent Miv M'Gay, and the anti-l'edoral; Mr. M'Tjean, should ' hold office in a Ministry which will send a military , contingent to .England's holp and may pass federal legislation for Australia. The two antlMac's must ^jlush occasionally if politicians are guilty of such ^tM^knessos. The late British roversos are; particularly. ^u^LraNitinate for Mr. MfOay at the pronorit juncture, ami llNuf (ftfHo an t,ha. cards tlmt thoy may Voiise . feeling ' -jvlifbh, 'will oauso his temporary retirement i'vonv lyrli^ihoiit. Mr. Melvillo has proved himself,- an active' war^M'rufstor, and any dolay in dlspatohing. "Victorian iiio^ihtg/tf men will bo no fault of his. ? . ? T";.-.-y-::-, w , > # .. v.', ;M,n. Williama was altogether in humourous yoiii* 'at. Gastleinalne.. Mr. Ii'vina ho said"?was a " .lory;'.of fclie lories,'' which la mthov funny -oonuldorlng' that1-Mi1.1' Irvine is almost the only man in the House wh consistently advocated land values taxation a lc plank in the Labour Party's platform, and 1ms always opposed to privilege-creating legislation of ? Then Mr. M'Cay - "had committed poi suicide on the threshold of his career, and his trein could never be forgotten." If Mr. M'Cay is politii dead, Mr. Williams is expending considerable energy fighting ^his treacherous ghost. Finally Mr. WilTi, wants^ the present Government to 11 han,r itself ;i burst in the middle," .which seems a curious re.su hanging, but perhaps Mr.'Williams knows more' ub , these things than we do. # * # THEHS is quite .comic indignation among certain ith , , bers of tho Victorian Opposition at the abandoning! >| the brink-of-the-grave attitude in which Mr. Shieis I.,-,, posed for so long, and his sudden return to briskness the treasurership. They complain that for momh past ho had' been in the habit of heaving forth vole.m i sighs, and huge pull's of cigar smoke from' in most comfortable easy chair in the Opposition which, woald never have been so meekly given upt' I him, but l'or sympathy which his weak heart and worM weariness won-from 'fellow-members. Now they I'ee distinctly defrauded df it when they think of the bi> cigars which Mr. Shiels .'smoked-so good for a hour subject-and see him. once more a fighting politician a lively as a kitten-arid, what is more galling, in roe-eip of £1200 a year which some vague one of thern migh have enjoyed. . » * THE Elchmond Town Hall last Thurelay night was desecrated by impious iree traders, who wore so »reatl elaring as to venture into the holy places of protection, an? what is worse to carry therein a resolution aillriuiug tlid desirability of a free trade policy for the Commonwealth; Mr.?'Ti-enwith,'-high spriest of protection, was not pre sent, anel no thunderbolt from on high foil upon the heads of Mr. Hirsoh and. Mr." Martin who were the free trade speakers. Their views were loyally combated by two j employes of Robert Harparand Company, who showed | touching anxioty fori tl^e^reservatlori''ancl increase of monoxjoly proiitsforprjat.ect&diirms.; One of them, Mr. M'Faclzean,-prefaced by saying that hi; hurt ooino to the meeting quite 'unprepared to speak. I'.y the luckiest of coincidences, however, he happened to have in his-pocket certain prico.lists" and extracts tram various magazines which- hat.conceived to furnish arguments in favour of protection. Exactly why ami how Mr. McLean otiine to saddle, himself witlv the Shiels incubus has puzzled many; people,, and of late even Mr. McLean himse'f sometimes! torgets. and wonders. To Mr. McLean and his fellow conspirators, rapt iii debate one day, there en mo the. tempter Shiels.' " What majority do you reckon " ho asked. Doubtfully "they toleVhim eight. " 'J'hnt .seems little" said he ; "you should have at least eleven --and how have you counted me?" The faces of Turner's enomies brightened, and. thoy said engagingly they really did not know-but if they could count on him it would be a.'pleasure--a delight-tho one thing needed to make them happy.. . It appeared they could count 011; him-on terms, . Mr. M'Cay was at that time-only a' day ,or two, before the want of confidence motion -an "uncertain quantity-Mr; Shiels brought him over and put him'in -the Ministry as well as securing a place lor himself'.. So, Mr. Shiels ^helped the M'Lean party io raise - their majority, from eight to eleven, and his pay was two 'portfolios, which will probably wreck the Ministry. Tins ' protracted investigations of the South A us Iralian Police Enquiry Board have, drawn to a eloso, wwd the result'is embodied in a - voluminous and exhaustive report covering 80 closely typo-written pages. Tho \- finding .of the Hoard is somewhat misleading, us two on of the three gentlemen who constituted tho .Boan1 dlssont'from the report. The circumstances which h i up to the appoint merit'of a Board of Enquiry were tin- .. oortaln prominent members of the detective force were suspected of being in collusion wil.h " confideneo trn men and cither " spielers" who, it is a'logod, were ;. .; Intortored with, provided thoy allowed tho poller -mbstaiitial sharetn thu business. Tho two dissontu n jn the Board are of opinion that the suspected oilier,. have not.been guilty of im prop or or blameworthy oou duot. In spife of this, however, live detectives have been suspended pending further investigations. SiNCJK-his return to the Treasury-Bpnohbs Mr. Holder, the witiwxt South Australian Premier,, lift*, 0*P0,'ion?.. "' uioat imeasy timo. Mr; Solomon, Loaflor ol Oppusitiy < anclox-l'roiriior, iissorttf t.hafc ..eluvium .tho low iluy* ho .Treasurer; ho . discovered- the colony's; liniuicas 1' In. ,a . moat", alarming, condition and the £|{'1 . pvaotlo'ally empty. When" the members ol tho faolpii - ; Ministry tehdorod their resignations, tho ictii ; n Premier Instead of advising the Governor to «o"(l . ?Mr.-'Hoiaev"--the mover of tho, adverse kfl moridort'tlirit the duty of forming a now Gab not be d? In tho hands df Mr.' 1'layl'ord. Whan ho mottho Ho Mr. Solomon -sald'ho would nut be acting u ' .interests of South Austral la had ho boon respm sibiu loi the reuppolntmontol! Mr, Holder to .tho \vm' finances, lihat'gentleman could not ho. -trusted with t Messrs.'Darling, Glynn, and members of tlio*Opposition havo. all sovo oU ooi. .Mr. Holdoiyay,d.are unanimous in tholi; of-hlB Mlcasv,b6flal HyHtoni; ol |l«i«u.»olnK. jmii0,ttl,n* , tlio oatii'tiatatf havo boon parsed there Ih o,oiy ' ol' the wjom'lly of thuGovurmuuut uutU aftoi tuo k.u 