THE AUSTRALIAN ABORIGINES. Opportunities are rapidly passing away and becoming yearly less available of studying the language, manners, and customs of the aboriginal races of Australia in their pristine simplicity, for, according to the universal expe- rience, contact with the civilisation of the white man has a degenerating influence on a savage, who, in his new environment,soon loses the characteristic features which mark his social life in its natural condition, and what. ultimately remains of the native tribe is too often to be found seeking the protection of a mission station or a Government depot. This is what has happened in the.main to those tribes of the Australian natives which inhabited New South Wales and Victoria. In these colonies, the native black, when found, is looked upon rather as a curiosity than a rem- nant only of the original occupiers of the soil which the white man has taken from him. In the works of Mr A. W. Howitt, Rev. Lorimer Fison, Mr E. M. Curr and Dr Roth we have been made acquainted with the peculiar social and religious organisations of the natives on the east and south-east coast of the continent, but until quite recently the history of the inhabitants of the further interior of the continent has been practically a sealed book. The nature of the country in the centre of Aus- tralia and its difficulty of access, have necessarily made investigation of the local tribes no easy task. Fortunately,. however, that task has be'n recently attempted and accomplished with in- qualified success, and an account of that attempt, together with the results of it, has just been made available to the public with quite.entrancing details. In " The Native Tribes of Central Australia," Baldwin Spencer, 'M.A, professor of bio!ogy in the University of Melbourne, and F. G. Gillen, special magistrate and sub-protector of the aboriginies at Alice Springs, South Aus- tralia, have set forth and account of the customs and social organisation of cer- tain of the tribes inhabiting Central Australia. This work is avaluable ad- dition to the literature of anthropology and exhibits an intimate acquaintance with the customs of the aborigines de- rived from personal investigation on the spot.. For nearly 20 years Mr Gillen lived amongst one of the largest and. most important tribes in the centre of the continent, and both he and .Pro- fessor Spencer joined the Horn Scien- tific Expedition, which left Adelaide for the North in 1894, while they together witnessed at Alice Springs in the sum- mer of 1896-97 an important series of native ceremonies which extended over three months The result of these in- vestigations are set forth in a volume of some 600 pages, full from first to last of a mass of information exceedingly interesting to the ordinary reader, and which must unquestionably prove of immense value to the student of anthro- pology. The native tribes which were the subject of investigation are .spread over the central area of the Australian conti- nent for a distance of not less than 700 miles, from Lake Eyre, in South Australia, northwards, following the. course of the trans-continental telegraph line, and extending to unknown limits to the east and west Some 10 tribes occupy this tract of country, each tribe speaking a distinct dialect and regard ing itself as the possessor of the country in which it lives. Contact with the civilisation of the white man has had a degenerating influence upon the tribes dwelling in the more southern parts, but further in the in- terior of the continent, where the white man has not penetrated, the tribes: are found in their pristine simplicity, and still holding firmly to the beliefs and customs of their ancestors. The natives, taking those of the Arunta tribe, located about Alice Springs, as a type, are somewhat under the average height of an Englishman. The popular notion that the Australian natives are every where black is, we are told, erroneous, for those of the central tribes are of a chocolate color. The hair of the men is worn long, hanging in wavy locks over the shoulders, while that of the women is short, which is due to the fact that at times each woman has to present her hair to the man who is betrothed to her daughter, for the purpose of making him a waist belt. Both men and women go absolutely nude, . wearing generally nothing but a few necklaces and a girdle. Like the natives of many other parts of the continent, those in Central Australia are accustomed to smear their bodies and plaster their hair with a mixture of red ochre and grease. They are governed in their conduct towards each other by a code of morals which, though differing radically from that which civilised mankind recognises, is not without some pleasing fea- tures. The native appears to be generous, that is to say, he will readily give away part of what he possesses, expecting 'nither anything in return nor even an expression of thanks. In this he is guided, as in almost all his con- duct, by custom, to which he is an absolute slave, for there would appear to be no more conservative creature under the sun than the aboriginal Aus tralian. The women are not usually treated with harshness, though they have to take a considerable share in the work of camp life. To their children they are uniformly kind and consider ate, the men as well as the women assisting to carry the youngsters when weary on the march. Each tribe is divided into a large number of small local groups, and each of these groups occupies and is supposed to possess a given area of country, the boundaries of which are well known, and which gives its name to the group occu- pying it. On further examination of a group it is found that it is composed largely, but not entirely, of individuals who describe themselves by the name of some particular plant or animal. Hence one group is known as kangaroo men, auother as bandicoot men, and so on. These various plants or animals are the totems of the groups which bear their names, and every individual of the tribes is born into some totem, i.e., he or she belongs to a group of persons each of whom bears the name of and is especially associated with some natural object. The first question that naturally pre- sents itself to: the interested inquirer is what was the origin of these Australian tribes. Are they an offshoot of the negro race? 'Do they 'trace their genea- logy to the tribes indigenous, to India? Or are they the descendants of wander- ing families who migrated from islands to the north of the continent before Torres Straits was. formed. For theories have been propounded accord- ing to which each of these queries is affirmatively answered. Messrs Spencer and Gillen find no data sufficient to give a definite answer to this conundrum, but from their observations of the tribes they are satisfied that these are not in a state of degeneration from a higher. type, but rather they evince traces of an upward movement in the course of evolution. In the absence of any authority more definite we ara driven to the traditions that the natives themselves hold most tenaciously regarding their ancestors, and espe- cially to that which to the childishly, superstitious.mind of the native accounts for the "churingas:" and totems asso- ciated with them. The general name "Alcheringa" is given to the whole' period during which their mythical ancestors existed, and at that time, tradition states, there existed in the western sky two beings who came "out of nothing," or were self exist- ing." At the same time far away to the east, there dwelt on the earth cer- t;ain creatures of a rudimentary human form, in which merely the outlines of the various limbs could be seen. To transform these into complete men and women was the mission of the "self existing" ones. Accordingly, with huge surgical instru- ments in the shape of large stone knives, they descended from their cloudy emi- nence and manufactured the formless masses -" Inapertwa "-into men and women. These creatures "were in reality stages in the transformation of various animals and plants into human beings, and thus they were naturally, when made into human beings, intimately associated with the particular animal or plant, as the case may be, of which they were the transformation--in other words, each individual of necessity belonged to a totem, the name of which was of course that of the animal or plant of which he or she was a transfor- mation." These "Alcheringa " ances- tors carried about with them sacred stones-" Churinga'' -and at the place where each died and went into the ground, he left behind him his sacred stone, in which his spirit resided, but some rock or tree sprang up to mark the spot. Each of these spots is well known to the old men, and by them the knowledgi is passed on from gener- ation to generation. So that the country is dotted over with local totem centree, wiere numbers of these sacred stones are deposited, and "it is this idea of spiritual individuals, associated with: 'Ohuringa,' and resident. in cer- tain definite spots, that lies at the root of the present totemic system of the Arunta tribe." Every individual there- fore is associated with some totem, being either that of the place where he was born, or the place where his mother was when the spirit which he represents entered her body. The native of Central Australia has a very small acquaintance with work ; there is. no need for anything like the eight hours system with him, for all the work he is called upon to perform is to go into the bush and kill the emu, kangaroo or bandicoot that he will eat partly cooked for his meal. Cultivation of the soil is quite unknown; he lives literally from hand to mouth, and takes no thought for the morrow. As his food supply depends upon the abundance or otherwise of the birds and beasts he can kill, and as every creature is con- nected with some totem; there is per- formed a series of ceremonies in relation to the totems, the sole object of which is the increasing: of the, supply of the plant or animal or other natural object after, which the ,totem is named. The head man of each totemic group deter- mines the time and controls the per- formance of the ceremony for his par- ticular totem. In the selection of the period considerable' forethought is did- played, and a not too implicit faith in the efficacy of the occasion, for a time is chosen when there are prospects of a good season; but if the desired result be not obtained, thi failure' is attributed to the evil influence of some other group. While it is impossible not to recognise the religious aspect of these 'totemic ceremonies, yet it would appear that their performance is not associated in the native mind with the idea, of appealing to the assistance of any supernatural being." The evidence is abundant that the Central Austra- liai native is a strong believer in the existence of spirits, both of his ances- tors as well as of his lately deceased comrades, but his religion does not ap- pear to have dtveloped beyond Profes- sor Tylor's " minimum definition of re- ligion - the belief in spiritual beings." The material supplied by Messrs Spen- per and Gillen will no doubt be of value in its application to the theory of the evolution of religion put forth by Tylor, but combated by Mr Andrew Lang. We find, however, no knowledge amongst the Central Australian natives ot an individual Supreme Being, such as the Darumulun of the Victorian tribes, described by Mr Howitt. Yet the spirits of which the natives exhibit such reverential dread are not the mere "spooks" and ghosts of our nursery tales, nor are they addicted to the "table rapping "of our modern seances. The dead are buried in such a manner as to allow the spirit of the departed an easy means of leaving, and returning to its former tenement of clay, and during the period of mourning the name of the deceased may not be mientioned but with bated breath. Amongst Australian natives, in what ever part of the continent their customs have been investigated, every man has to pass through certain ceremonies.of initiation before he is admitted to the screts of his tribe, or can become a fully developed member of it. The initiation ceremonies of the central tribes entirely differ from those of the tribes in the eastern and south-eastern districts of the continent, and are more elaborate, extending from the time that a lad is 10 or twelve years old until he has reached the age of 25. or even 30. Every youth has to pass through four ceremonial stages in the course of his graduation to the full rights of citizen- ship, so to speak. These are graphically described in the work before us, and the description of them is assisted by excel- lent reproductions of photographs taken at the time. To an onlooker many of these initiatory, ceremonies must have been.. exceedingly amusing. Here, for instance, is what " boy has to pass through while graduating for member- ship of a kangaroo totem group. Being led out blindfold to the arena where the performance was to take place, he was placed face downwards on the ground until the chief actors made their appearance. On being directed to sit up and look, he saw lying in front of him a decorated man who, he was told, represented a wild dog. At the other end of the arena stood another decorated man, with legs wide apart, holding up twigs of eucalyptus in each hand, and having his head ornamented with a peculiar head-gear, being a sacred object em- blematic of a kangaroo. This man moved his head from side to side, as if looking for something, and every now and then uttered a sound similar to that made by a kangaroo, which animal he was supposed to represent. Suddenly the dog loked up, saw the kangaroo, and run- ning along on all fours, passed between the man's legs and lay down behind the man, who kept watching him over his shoulder. Then the dog ran again between the kangaroo man's legs, but this time he was caught and well shaken, and a pretence was made of dashing his head against the ground, whereupon he howled as if in pain. These movements were repeated several times, and finally the dog was supposed to be killed by the kangaroo. After a short pause the dog ran along on all fours to where the boy sat and laid himself on top of him, when the kangaroo hopped along and got on top of both, so that the boy had to bear the weight of both men for about two minutes. When the performers got up, the boy, still lying down, was told by the old men that the performance represented an incident which took place in the days of the ancestors, when a wild dog man attacked a kangaroo man, and was killed by the latter. The first stages of, these initiatory processes are even more elaborate, and extend over a considerable period, terminating in a kind of ordeal by fire, until the novices are at last deemed fit to enjoy all the privileges of full member ship, and to be entrusted with the sacred mysteries of their clan. While passing through the various rites of initiation the. youths would appear to have acquired a . social, moral, and ireligious education, for they have become subject to the control of the old men; they have learnt habits of self- restraint and hardihood, and they have learned the sacred secrets of the tribe connected with the Chironga and the totems. One of the most striking of their social institutions is that which lays down the rules as to marriage and the list of prohibitions adopted is scarcely less bewildering than that contained in the Common Prayer Book. For the purpose of determining who may inter marry, the tribe is divided into two main divisions, which are again subdivided, and any man choosing a wife from the group prohibitel to him would be guilty of a very serious offence against society. As a rule a native has only one wife, though he may at times be entitled to a certain number of temporary wives, and the interchange of wives is looked upon as a mark of extreme good. fellowship existing between the husbands. Our space prohibits us from doing more than naming some of the customs, such as knocking out of teeth, nose boring, blood- letting and giving, and the avenging of death, which are all detailed in the work before us. There is also an interesting chapter on the mak- ing and.the powers of medicine men and their various forms of magic. The book must rank as a leading, if not the lead- ing text book on the study of anthro- pology in relation to the fast disappear- ing aboriginal races of Australia, and contains material which has beeu long sought for by students of mankind. "Melbourne Age." 