AN INDIAN GHOST STORY. Mr F. H. Skrine tells a strange story of what happened to him when engaged in census operations in the 'Jungipore' district of Bengal. He was spending the night as the gnest of an indigo manufacturer and his wife, both French. ' I was awakened in the dead of night,' says the writer, ' and sat up, trembling with the terror that comes once or twice in a lifetime from the approach of the unknown. A child's voice came from without. In tones of agony it shrieked ' Mamma! Ayah !' I sprang through the open French window into the flower garden. All was still, except the thump of my heart as I listened intently. It must have been a jackal. I thought; but hark, again the wail rang out—' Mamma ! Ayah !' Thie time there was no mistake as to the direction. The sounds came from the indigo vats, an appurtenance of every factory. They are deep masonry cisterns, in which the green plant is immersed in order to extract the colouring matter. I ran down the avenue, climbed the party wall separating the row of vats, and peered into the dark recesses of each. All were empty, save one filled with clear water to serve as a reservior for the garden ; and it showed no sign of human life. Filled with creeping fear, I turned and walked slowly towards the house over ground on which the feathery foliage of the casuarinos seemed to be photographed by the moonlight. High above their mournful sough there came again the childish screams. I ran baok to tbe vats, and searched each in vain- ' Shall I alarm the hoase?' I asked myself. The feeling that human intervention was useless restrained me, and I sought, my bed, whereon I tossed till morning sun pierced the Venetian blinds. It was very late, according to Anglo-Indian ideas, ere I joined my entertainers at breakfast. There was something in my appearance which bhowed that all had not gone well, for I was pressed with questions as to whether I had slept soundly. I admitted that I had not, and began to tell the strange episode of the night. Before the denouement was reached my hostess sank from her chair in a swoon. M. Gilbert, as he ran to her assistance, cast on me a glance of menace and reproach I shall never forget. With the help of the servants he carried the poor creature to an adjoining bedroom, leaving me in mute amazement at the effect of my plain, -unvarnished tale. After ten minutes or so he returned, and striding up to me, said, in a voice trembling with fury. 4 Well, sir, what am I to understand by this mystification ?' 4 What on earth do you mean ?' ' Yes, sir, mystification; and permit me to observe that it is in execrable taste.' So saying M. Gilbert brought his podgy fist down on the table with a thump that made the hot-water dishes sound a carillon. Shifting my position to a point within reach of the carving -knife, in- view of active hostilities, I replied, 4 Now, M. Gilbert, perhaps you will explain the meaning of such language to a guest.' There was something in my manner which impressed the unhappy man. He grew calmer, and asked anxiously whether I had really beard tbe voice in the dead of th6 night, and whether I diS not know the misfortune whioh had wrecked his life, and was breaking his wife's heart. I assured him, on my word of honour, that I had heard his name for the first time on the previous day. 4 Sir,' he replied after a pause,,' our little boy was drowned a year ago in these vats.' 