MAGGILLEROY'S MILLIONS. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT, 'Author of "In the Springtime of Love," "Love in Idleness," "The Girl He Did Not Marry," ' ' "A Woman's Loyalty," "A New OthePo." "Only a Love Story," &c.;, &c.; , COPYRIGHT, : - CHAPTER XVIII— (Cantinnod;! . "l am glad tb think he had such a.truc and ..faithful friend," said Llllon, softly, clasping ..'the old VQmun's thin,, trembling hand In hers. "Ahd you must try and take comfort In 1 hink- Iiig that'he ls released from'trouble and suf fering. Poor fellow! , In his. sad position there could have been no pea'ce, nor rest, nor happiness lor him In this world, and, now, let. us trust, he haB, passed to a life where he may- find and avail himself of the chances he .missed here, and where, we may be sure, your lifelong deVotlon is not forgotten." Her simple ntteriipts at comfort only made i the poor woman sob convulsively, hiding her face in her handkerchief. Lilian, troubled by /the 'pitiful' distress, laid her hand oi> her shoulder, 'speaking to her soothingly, and , sought'; to change the painful subject, asking about her health and her cough,' and 'whether she suffered much from the trying changes In the wgather — that poor London climate which Is always made the scapegoat! "Don't you And the stairs very trying .when your 'breath is so short?" she Inquired. Mrs. Riley, '9 room, though fair-sized and comfort ably furnished, and a model of cleanllneSB and -neatness, wub a sloping roof "sky-par lour,'1 at the top of a high house. "Would yotj'not be/more comfortable in a room lower down?" ' . ' 'iOlt, it doesn't matter, miss, thank you. I'ni iiseft' to the stairs." > "I-shoiild like to see you in a couple of nice llttle parlours/'. ui'gpa Lilian, "Let nle look out 'ifor iiew '.apartments for you; and— ar range It- for you." "No, no; miss; Indeed, you have been too good already.'v .M'''Oan!t let you -trouble.'' any more about m'e. Indeed, indeed, my dear young ludyi you've done too much for me — too much!" Seeing tlie poor woman's weakness and emotion, and respecting her sensitive pride, Lilian refrained from pressing her offers for- help, but still hoped that Rebecca Riley would ill lime allow her to make sucli pro visions for jier permanent comfort as failing health and advancing years rendered ,de8ir- nble. Tho poor woman herself was painfully dis turbed by'Liliun's kindly-meant visit. "I can't bear It — I can't bear her to come!" she moaned to herself. VI can't stand her kindness and her sweetness— and the look of her big soft eyes that seem to go right through my nenrt! And to take her money! It seems to burn like coals!" ' Having interviewed solicitors and dress makers, and ladies' tailors, and other per sonages of importance In connection with her .impending, marriage, Lilian returned to Mayficld, for a wonder not under the escort of her devoted Philip, yet not alone. On a second visit to her kinsman's widow she had found Tthat lady suffering from a cold, and complaining of the effect of the London climate this autumnal weather. It had then occurred to 'Lilian to Invite "Mrs. Freeman" to accompany her hack to Mayfleld and spend a few days there— an invitation promptly and gratefully accepted. This visit. Lilian thought, would give good opportunity for the furtherance of ac- "" oimintanoe.betweon them, and enable her to osoertain delicately hi what form the provl- slon she desired tu make for Anthony's wl- dow would be most' acceptable, and In what manner it might best be offered with due re gard to the susceptibility of her pride — of which possibly Lilian, in-her sensitive consid eration for the feelings of others, was in clined to take an- exaggerated view. The visit would also be a favourable occasion to the Introduction of Mrs. Freeman to the Vaughans, whose Impressions of her Lilian . in her secret heart felt somewhat anxious to gather. She was for hor own part as much attracted by Cleo — whose full name as yet she did not know, only addressing her as "Mrs. Freeman" — as she could be by a wo- man whose qualities were all the very op posite of her own. Cleo's beauty and grace, her apparently frank outspokenness, con duced to make up a favourable Impression; yet certain deep-lying Instincts In Lilian, which hitherto there had been nothing in her peaceful sheltered life to call Into play, warned her to hesitate, to doubt, to hold buck from the free gift of faith and friend ship, till she knew a little more of her new and charming acquaintance. Meanwhllc.Mrs Freeman's admiring appreciation of Lilian was certainly flattering arid agreeable; more over, it was sincere enough, and the more subtle in Its appeal that it was only convey ed by looks, and not by words. She had, of course, been. made aware of Lilian's prospects of. her approaching marriage and winter abroad; and although her only expressions had been of becoming congratulatory sympa thy and Interest, Lilian felt vaguely con scious, though she could hpve cited no word nor look to account for the impression, that Mrs. Freeman's views of matrimony were , coloured by her own ..unfortunate experience. She was Inclined to regard the marriage- lottery as a bag of snakes, in which thes bfst "draw" to be hoped for/was that youS might not pull out-' a cobra or a' rattle snake. To these pessimistic views, however, , she did not give expression/ at Sunnyslde, I where the. Vaughans, although'a little start- !l?d at this new development, received her l with their natural kindness and hospitality. She responded to their welcome with perfect gi-fice nnd self-possession, and their Impres sions of licr were not unfavourable, albeit a little undecided. They were inclined to look upon her ap pearance in the character of Anthony Free man's widow with some doubt and even a lit tle apprehension. "I liope the young man didn't leave any more widows!" Mrs. Vaughnn observed to her husband in the . course of a connubial tete-a-tete. "We know so little .about- film! He might have taken up his quarters, in .Salt Lake City and adopted their mariners arid customs, for aught we know. It's to be hoped a whole Mormon establishment won't ' be sprung upon us!" Meanwhile, Philip Hazard, having attend ed to the business that had detained Him' , a dny or two behind Lilian in London, took his ticket for Mayileld at the flrst hour possible, and arrived at Sunnyslde before he was ex pected. The maid who admitted him greet ed him with a pleasant smile that recognised the privileges of his position, and also ex pressed a lively "senBe of fnvours'to come" as well as past. "Miss 1'erclval will be down directly, sir!" she. said, as she opened the drawing-room door. Hazard walked In with his accustomed ease and self-confldence, and found the room was not, empty. A lady was already In pos-' sossionp a lady who was not Mrs. Vaughnn,. lounging in Mrs. Vaughan"s favourite low chair with a newspaper In hor hand. Shy ness and "mauvalse' honte" had no part In Philip Hazard's reserve and dislike of so ciety, and he was no whit discomposed by being ushered Into the presetted of a stranger— until she turned arid Uolced at him, and he saw her face. Then-he' fairly started, even he— and fell back a. step as If the sight had. been a blew. His face went white as he stared at her face aghast; but only for the space of an Instant did his presence of mind fall him. With the self- ooiitrol of a desperate emergency he com manded his features, stepped forward the pace that he had recoiled, and bowed slightly, f«imally, as if acknowledging the presence of a. lady, a stranger, as he met her startled, wondering, almost Incredulous gaze, In which recognition dawned, flickered, wavered. She ri se, almOBt sprang to her feet. ..... "Surely— surely!" she. exclaimed, Vt Is— It must be " A name broke, from, her lips./ia- riariie by which none. In that house had ever, heard him called— a' name which, uttered , there by. that voice, struck him like a barbed-.arrow through the heart!., "I beg your pardon, I think 'y.ou are under some mistake." ' He forced his stiff lips to frame the' words, but his /voice rang hollow, yet at- the flrst sound of - It the doubtful recognition flashed to eortuinty In her eyes, and with it the flame of sonie new and keen-emotion— could it be- joy?— leapt to life. She moved and stretched her hands towardB hlm« "There's no mistake— could I be mis- taken? It Is you!" Instinctively she low ered her tone In caution us she murmured that nume again. He made one Btride to her, and caught and wrung her hands In his with a grip that hurt her, yet only made her smile. "Cleo! Cleo! For God's sake, not that name!" . So for the flrst time In his life he bowed his pride to plead, he who had entreated uo man nor woman before! And the bitterness ot that forcible bending of his stubborn spirit almost choked him. If a look could have killed, the woman who forced him to It, the woman whose hands he held ill a closer grip than the clasp of love, whose eyes kindled with strange fire as they met his unflinching — though a weaker woman might welt have quailed before his gaze— would have dropped dead at his feet! "If you would' not be my ruin nnd destruc tion," lie said, in a low, hoarse, roughened voice, "you do not know me. you have never met me!" "Are you mad?" she said, in a low, Intense whisper. "If all I've heard Is true, how can you— how dare you— ruu the risk of venturing here?" "Because there's not a soul that knows me. I nm Philip Hazard here!" "You!" She started, as the full force of the stunning truth burst upon her. "Cleo, silence!" he warned her, as a light foot was heard upon the stair. For one mo ment he pressed her hands as if he would have crushed them, then dropped them In haste. "On your guard!" : His lips just framed the whispered words as the light step was at the door. CHAPTER XIX. It was Lilian's footfall that was at the door, Lilian who Interrupted this ill-starred Interview. Her face brightened as she greet ed her lover, who was standing, tall, dark, and erect, at a discreet distance from the other visitor, and quickly came forward to meet her, thus Interposing himself between her and Cleo, to givfe the latter time to col lect and .compose herself— a precaution that was, however, little needed, flrst, because Cleo was a well-practised actresB, secondly, because Lilian at the moment of meeting, though they had only been apart for . two dayB, had eyes only for him. A soft, half- shy smile dimpled about her lips as her hand rested llngeringly in his— in his that but p. minute ago had strained that other woman's hand In a grip that was almost fierce! , "You have not been Introduced, I sup pose?" Lilian said, ' glancing from, him to Cleo, in whose manner as she stood at ease, with one hand on an open book on the table, there was no betraying or suspicious sign. "I have notyet presented my credentials to this lady," he replied; and his voice was Arm and hard; a cold, half- mocking smile curved his lips. "Then let me Introduce you to Mrs. Free man—Mr. Hazard:" A faint flush warmed her cheek as she uttered his name. Hazard bowed low. Cleo acknowledged the Introduc tion formally, but graciously. "Tho widow, I believe, of my late regretted friend Anthony Fleming?" Hazard observed. It occurred to Lilian that there -was a little failing In his usual discretion (she would not have ullowed herself to think him guilty of an Indelicacy) In thus dragging In any allusion to that unlucky name at the flrst moment of introduction. It was Indeed in the sheer bravado of carrying off a desperate position that he spoke. Cleo held her head high and met his gaze steadily, with something hat was almost a challenge in her own. "Indeed? I was not aware that Mr. Ha zard" (with a slight emphasis Imperceptible to any ear but his on the name), "was ac quainted with my husband?". "Oh, yes, we met, and chummed years ago, out In Denver." "In Denver? Ah?" She Bmlled; her smile had a tinge of mockery that seemed to meet and defy his. "That would be before your day, would it not?" put In Lilian, with the innocent Intent of smoothing matters and turning the subject. She was unsuspicious as a child of the under currents of significance in their words, yet vaguely conscious of something invisible, Im palpable, indefinable, some magnetic disturb ance In the atmosphere, which, however, she set down as the natural effect of the widow's sensitiveness being ruflled or .wounded by Phi lip's abrupt nnd, as even she could uot but think, Ill-timed allusion to her unfortunate husband. "Yes, that was before my day," Cleo as sented, slowly. Lilian strove to smooth the position and oil the wheels of conversation, which seemed to run somewhat stiffly, by well-meant commonplace. We talk ungrate fully and lightly of "commonplace," but wt> are none of us half grateful' enough for the boon of Its helping In getting us over thin places in the lee. Cleo seconded her hostess vivaciously, and soon Mrs. Vaughan came In;' kind and graclouB to Cleo (she was always kind and gracious to everyone unless she had some especial reason for being the reverse), and quite- affectionate to Hazard, whom she now addressed, with an intimacy that marked his acceptance as one of the family, as "Phi lip." .. Mrs. Freeman was certainly an acqui sition at the dinner table; Bhe was good trt look at' and had plenty to say; she was full of amuslng atid discreetly chosen reminiscences, Atlantic anecdotes, rand gossip of the Riviera, even now and then audaciously throwing In an allusion to Denver City ror Chicago— allu sions \vhlch Hazard, as If answering a tacit challenge, was ready to take. up, to catch and /throw, 'back the ball; for he', had now settled 'Himself squarely in the new 'position, and was daringly, almost defiantly, self- possessed. . .Cleo was well accustomed to' the transtorma- : tion scenes of life, but even-to her the situa tion seemed scarcely credible;, she wqs hardly .'sure It was not" all a wild dream, and every now and then she felt an insane Inclination to break out Into violent: laughter, as she watch ed the man who now calle.d himself Philip Hazard, In hla new character, so trustfully re ceived into the bosom of this quiet, unsophis ticated English family as the betrothed hus band of the fairest flower of the home.. . 1 Her amazement nnd Ironical amusement at 1 the. position 'were', however, so admirably dis guised that eveu he wondered half-admlrlrig- ly at her sang-froid. This womau could keep his secret safe If she would. Could— but would she? She should— she must! She had her price, he was sbre of that, and whatever it might bo it muBt be paid. The Vaughans were talking about a drive to Charlton next day, to pay some calls; and when the ladies had retired to the drawing- room after dlnncr Hazarfl took the opportu nity of asking, the Major about a somewhat rare historical work; and pulled out pocket- book and pencil to enter date of. publication, publisher's name, &c.; . During the evening, whilst looking over a portfolio of engravings, he found a chance of slipping a tiny scrap of folded paper Into Cleo's hand unpercelved. On it had been scribbled: "Must see you alone. When and where? Can you make some ex cuse for staying at home to-morrow after noon?" The passing of the slip of paper from hand to hand, had been easy enough, albeit under the very eyes of the unsuspecting family party, and Cleo found no difficulty In gilding an answering whisper equally safely into his ear, in the moment that she bent towards him as if to offer her help to close the heavy port folio. She was not the woman to change co lour, or look conscious, or betray by the ex pression of her face the words her llpB wero framing, as with smiling ease and apparent nonchalance she dropped a few syllables un der her breath. And so the tryst was made before Lilian's face, without the ghost' of a suspicion dawning In her mind. When the hour came for Hazard to take his leave and go his way. his fiancee went with him aS far as the hall door, a proceeding which by tills time had become a recognised habit and custom: Indeed, in the simple home ly family at Sunriyslde, It had generally de volved upon Lilian to see visitors out, though nowadays she was universally beBought "not to trouble" to do anything that could be a trouble to her. But tt was no trouble to see the last of Hazard at the door, and often it happened that there was a book or paper to be exchanged, and they turned Into the Major's study — when the Major was safely out of It, aB he was this evening, being enter tained by the interesting conversation of the attractive guest.1'' . "Well, what do you think of her?" was Lilian's flrst question when tete-a-tete with her lover.. . "Thinlc of fier? Oh!"— hesitating with a careless alb, intended to convey that lie had not thought enough to form or express any opinion. "She's pretty, isn't she?" said Lilian. "Humph! Yes, passable- looking; well-pre served." His eyes rested on Lilian's pure, sweet face, more beautiful than ever now, with the love-light on it, glorified "by that soul- radiance "that never was on land or sen." "You can . afford to admire other wo men. my girl!" he added. "Why?" she aslced. for tho moment Inno cently uncomprehending; then she read his meaning in his eyes, and smiled, glad wltn an ever fresh gladness that those eyes found her fair. He smoothed the hair back from her brow, and framed her face between his hands; she little dreamed that he seemed to himself to be lcoklrig at her across a gulf! "Darling!" he sold, and there was more of sombre passion- than tenderness In his deepen ed tone, "you're the world's one woman to me!" They lingered over their good- night as lovers are wont to linger. It was always hard to part, If but for a few hours; but how he hated to leave her now. under the same roof with the woman of whom he could only think as "Cleo Hilary." not ub Freman's widow! It was like leaving his white lamb In the fold with a hidden wolf. True. ' Cleo might bear her no Ill-will, but nhe had it in her power to strike a deadly blow. He believed he might trust her to hold her hand, to keep peace and silence. Yet he hated the thought of leaving those two toge ther In the shelter of the same home. He could not bear to release his darling from his arms, to press the final good-night kiss on the. lips oh which his caresses left a smile as soft ns a dream of a summer dawn; and yet the trust ful gaze of the happy, love-lit eyes wa3 hard to meet! Lilian was happy, and did not dream of the storm in her lover's heart. She read In his every look and word the story of his love; In deed, that story was plain to read, but she did not read what was written between the lines, and that was well for her peace this night! While she was lapped In a moonlight trance of happiness he was consumed as by a fire. He knpw no. peace or rest either with her or without her. The serpents of foreboding and misgiving that had sometimes been lulled to sleep wore awake, and writhed and stung In his soul.' What If fate should snatch her frpm his arms? If by a destiny crueller than death she should tear herself away from him? If he lived to see her shrink, recoil from him? No! that he would riot see! No matter at what cost/he would hold her his— his to the last of life! ' (TO 11B OOKT1NUBD.) 