Ordination of Negro Priests. The Missions Catlwliques of Lyons gives a very interrsting account of the ordination to priesthood of two blacks educated by the missionaries of the society of the Holy Ghost. The most Rev. Dr. Carrie, C. S. Sp., vicar apostolic of French Congo, writes on the morrow of the ordination from Loango about this impressive, and at the same time most consoling ceremony, to say that two young priests were ordained on Saturday of the ember week of December last. The happy elect of the Lord are Father Kambo and Father Massensa. The formation of these two priests, says the venerable prelate, took twenty long years. No doubt this was a long course of training and of studies. When quite young they were adopted in the mission house, and being found talented and exceptionally pious, they were taught Latin and Greek, and by degrees they went through a complete classical course in the junior seminary attached to the mission. With patience and holy perseverance these two vocations were finally brought to mature perfection during a long course of theological studies. After having received the first tonsure they were gradually admitted, at long intervals, to minor orders and then to holy orders. To-day the good missionaries are amply compensated for their trouble and patience, and so are the young priests for their protracted novitiate. Two native priests! What a blessing for the mission! A great Pope once said that a native priest is more than the conversion to the faith of forty thousand infidels. That is, it would be easier to make Christians of forty thousand pagans than one priest out of that number of converts. The two young priests celebrated their first Mass on the following Sunday, the fourth of Advent, to the greatest edification of all present, for it is difficult to realize what a deep impression such a ceremony makes on the poor blacks when they see those whom they knew as little boys ascending the altar, vested as the missionaries in sacred vestments, and being now like one of them in dignity and power and sanctity, praying, blessing. This was not the first ordination of native priests in the Congo mission. Two others were ordained some years ago; one of them has since died at Landana; the other is still on the mission at Mayumba, doing admirable work as a most fervent and zealous priest. The Bishop remarks that the education to priesthood of the poor blacks is a very delicate work. It is trying for the aspirants, and it is a heavy expense on the poor missions, for the candidates are not able to pay their way. It is as costly as it is difficult, but it is al.-io a most useful work when brought to a happy conclusion. So far, the Fathers of the Holy Ghost are the only missionaries who have tried to form a native clergy in the Dark Continent, properly so called, and they have admirably succeeded. The six bishops of their society in Africa have each now nourishing little seminaries and a nucleus of theological students, besides native Brothers for the schools and native nuns for the girls' orphanage. Fifty years ago the sons of the venerable Libermann were the first pioneers of the faith who discovered the interior of this land of fetichism and cannibalism ; today the galaxy of close on four hundred members of his society began to reap the harvest. The sweat and tears and sufferings, privations and premature death of the sower are changed into a ripe harvest for the reapers. But even as in the days of our Blessed Lord the harvest is ripe, but the reapers are few. So far, it is consoling to know that the missionaries of the Society of the Holy Ghost stop at no sacrifice of men or means to carry on the tremendous work of their extensive missions—one hundred missionary districts in Africa. 