Church Parade at St. Kary's. Taking advantago of the preEcnce of the band; of the New South Wales Lancers, Captain Markwell arranged for the holding of a military ohnrch parade yesterday, which proved to bo very attrac tive to the publio and successful in itself. Since tbe romoval of tho band from Maitland, where it .was first established, to the headquarters of the regi ment at Parramatta, now over a year ago, tbis is the first occasion on which the band has made a visit to the country. It naa part of the under standing when Captain Markwell agreed to tho removal of the band that they should come to Mait land at lea^t onco a year at the expense of tbe regi ment, and oftencr if required, provided the expense of bringing them up was borne by the Maitland half pqu'idron or otherwise. The public, who had a taste of the delightful music rendered by the band on the Park on Saturday afternoon and from the balcony of Mr. Gao. Galton's shop on Saturday night, were again attracted in large numbers to tha Church parade yesterday, the streets on the line of march to St. Mary'd being crowded with spectator;, and tbe nhuroh itself was unable to provide grating accommodation for all who attended. It was esti mated that 850 persons were faeated, and there were some hundreds standing. The Maitland and Morpeth Companies of In fantry juined with tbe Lancers ia the parade. Tbe man were formed up at the oorner of High and Ilunter-gtreeti at half-past tin, in the following ordor:— -Lancer Band, with Bandmaster Watters conducting i Maitland Half-Squadron of Lancers, Captain Markwoll in command, with whom were Lieut. Nicholson, and Hon. Surgeon-Captain Alcorn; B. Company of infantry in command of Lieut. Nash, with whom were Lientj. McGlinn (Quarter- Ma t^r) and Norman Peek; and D Com pany U command of Captain Williams, with whom were Lieut?. G.Wayne and Leo. Dwyer. Majors Crackucll and Sloan of tbe Bcoerre of Officers and Sthff-Sergpantfl Winoh (of the Lancers), and Drantfie'd (of the Fourth Regiment Infantry), also attended the parada. Muj ir Waddy, as senior fluid offlier preeont, was in command of the troops. Be fore the order was given to move off the band played a stirring march, ' Starlight Dell,' in front of Mr. P. M. Wnddy'a residense at tho Commercial Bmk, that gentleman deserving the compliment, aa ho -was a good friend in the past to the old regi mental band. At 10.40 the troops moved off to the muaic of the band, and on reaching the Post Office Lioutp. NaBh, McGlinn, and Dwyer broke off to attend mass st St. John's Cathedral, while the band and the lander* mustering 53, and the infan try numbering C2, marched to St. Mary's, where a large congregation had assembled. The officers were provided with BoatB in tho chancel, the m-m being Beated in the body of the churpb, whllo the bind assisted the choir, which consisted of fifty voices, Mr. G. F. King, A R.C.O., conducting and presiding1 nt tho organ. The church wag attractively and appro priately decorated for the occasion. Tho pul pit waa draped with tho Boyal Standard nnd Union Jack, the Lactern with tho American stars and stripes, nna cho reading uesK wicn mo Austrilian flag. Tho service waa of a bright and hearty character, nod the hymnain which the bind joined with the choir were beautifully rendered. The opening voluntary, played by tho organist, waa '' March Militniro' (Gounod), and tbe hymns included 'Onward, Christian Soldiers,' and ' Soldiers of Cbriat arise,' the concluding, volun tary being ' Hail, Blessed Morn,' rendered by tho Lano»r Band nlone. At tho offartory tha organist rendered that delightful and d^licato voluntary 'Elf- Land,' (Burnett), and a march of hia osvn composition. The choir rendered very nicely the Te Cctimto Jackson'*) setting and Bridge water's Jubilate, the eclopart being beautifully sung by Mrs. C. B. Wordan. There, waa such a grand blending of vocal and instrumental music in the rendering of that stirring hymn ' Onward, Chris tian Soldiers,' that wo aru told cbe sweet strains could bo plaiDly beard on Tolarah Hill. Tho Rostor, tho Rev. Arthur ICili worth, LL.B., preached aa eloquent and appropriate sermon. Ho took for hiB text tho words of Ot. Mark, xv., 89: — 'And when tho onntnrion, which stood over against him, eaw that be cried out, and gave up tho ghost, he said — Truly, this man was tbo Sod of God.' At tho conclusion ho thanked tho military for their attoddanoe, and ooupltuonted them on their soldierly bearing. After service tho troop?, hsaded by fria Lanoor BftUtl, were marched down to tho Post Offlue, whero tho infantry ivro dismissed, nnd tho LancarB marched back to thn Orderly Riom. Captain MAitKWELb, before dismissing tho half equftdron thanked tho members and especially tho Bogimetitil Bind fur coming for ward in such Btrong nunibars to the parade, andN for tho Boldierly munnor in which all had conducted thaniBelvep. Ho s*aid they woro all dolightod with tho muMo of tho band, which had been provided on thuir short viait. H-? hoped tho visit of tho batidtncn .htii been an nlr.n.!liiL» t.n fchnm Fis it hud been to the olllaers. non enrnmi'seioned ofllcors and men of tho hilf-squadron, and tho public of Maitland, and truatod it would boonlyono of many oiinilar viflits in futuro that they would hnvn iu Jlnitlantl where tho band bad formerly boon Btartel and ftitioned. Ho asked Bindmister Wattera to convey to tho Adjutant how plotieed all were with the niannnr iu which ho v/holo prc-coBiiinga had been conducted. Biudm^ster Wattiibs on behalf of tho bapd, tlia'ikud C'iptain Marfetvell for his vary flattering remnrkR in regard to tho ban-.t, and assured him of thn pleasure their short visit to Maitland gavo them. Everybody sppmed to try aud make thorn as com forrnblti us possiblo. Tlioy ah first thought it would be dangerous to corao to the plnco whoro tho band had b-rn cfltablislicJ, aud from whioh it bad beou taken, but they woro very thankful for1 tho kindly manner in, wbich they had boon treated, and wpro rorv n'ensod to know tin? miuio ronderod had bepn B.i well approoi^itid. Thny desired to mako tho b»nd worthy of the rpgimpnt, nnd for all to bo Rbla to say ' This ia our band, and wo are proud of if.' Tho mon wero then dismissed, nnd the bandsmen returned to their homes at Parramatta by the of tor noon train, ntter a thoroughly, enjoyable trip. Thoro ia only undivided opinion In rpgard to! tho 'Tbreo Oastlen' Cigarettes. Their excellence is extolled, and ''thuir goodness te attested by' the large demand nt all tha tobacconists.- ' '? ?'?? ? ?' ' Esther Fowler, 23 'year's, !a daughter of 'the liconsco of tho My rtla 'Hotel, South'.3Iutbourne, oTmtnltted eulcldo in n dotcrmined manner on Saturday by cutting nor throat with a razor. Deeossed had been very poouliar lately, and on Saturday was found by her brother sitting on tho floor o.' uer bedroom with ber fcbronfc out from car to oar, tvnd tlio razor in her hand, baring jast died. DcoeaaorT was seated in front of a looking glaas, ivith horbjeck agaiu't o bedetead. 