PENTECOSTAL WIND AND FIRE. (By the Late Rev. C. H. Spurgeon.) And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.-Acts ii., 2-4. From the descent of the Holy Ghost at the beginning we may learn some thing concerning his operations at the present time. Remember at the out set that whatever the Holy Spirit was at the time, that he is now, for as God he remaineth forever' the same; whatsoever he then did he is able to do still, for his power is by no means diminished. Although we may not ex pect, and need not desire, the miracles which came with the gift of the Holy Spirit, so far as they were physical, yet we may both desire and expect that which was intended and symbolised by them, and we may reckon to see the like spiritual wonders performed among us at this day. Pentecost, according to the belief of the Jews, was the time of the giving of the law; and if when the law was given there was a marvellous display of power on Sinai, it was to be expected that when the Gospel was given, whose ministra tion is far more glorious, there should be some special unveiling of the divine presence. If at the commencement of the Gospel we beheld the Holy Spirit working great signs and won ders, may we not expect a continuance -nay, if anything, an increased dis play-of his power as the ages roll on? The law vanished away, but the Gospel will never vanish; it shineth more and more to the perfect millen nial day; therefore I reckon that, with the sole exception of physical miracles, whatever was wrought by the Holy Ghost at the first we may look to be wrought cobntinually while the dispen sation lasts. My object is not to talk of the descent of the Holy Spirit as a piece of history, but to view it as - A Fact Bearing Upon Us at This Hour. The Father has sent us the Comforter. The Holy Ghost has never returned, for he came in accordance with the Saviour's prayer to abide with us for ever. The gift of the Comforter was not temporary, and the display of his power was not to be once seen and no more. The Holy Ghost is here, and we ought to expect his divine working among us. May God grant that our meditation may increase our faith in the Holy Ghost, and inflame our de sires towards him, so that we may look to see him fulfilling his mission among men as at the beginning. The in structive symbols of the Holy Suirit which were made prominent at Pente cost were two. There was a sound as of a rushing mighty wind, and there were cloven tongues as it were of fire. The first is Wind-An Emblem of Deity, and therefore a proper symbol of the Holy Spirit. Often under the Old Testament God revealed himself under the emblem of breath or wind; indeed, as most of you know, the Hebrew word for "wind" and "spirit" is the same. So with the Greek word, when Christ talked to Nicodemus, it is not very easy for translators to tell us when he said "spirit" and when he said "wind;" indeed, some most correctly render the original all the way "wind," while others with much reason have also used the word "spirit" in their transla tion. The original word signified either the one or the other, or both. Observe that this wind was on the day of Pentecost, Accompanied with a Sound a sound as of a rushing mighty wind; for albeit 'the Spirit of God can work in silence, yet in saving operations he frequently uses sound. I would be the last to deprecate meetings in which there is nothing but holy silence, for I could wish that we had more reve rence for silence, and it is in stillness that the inner life is nourished; yet the Holy Ghost does not work for the advancement of the kingdom of God by silence glone, for faith cometh by hear ing. There is a sound as of a rush ing mighty wind when the word is sounded forth throughout whole na tions by publishing of the Gospel. The sound came on this occasion, no doubt, to call the attention of the assembly to what was about to occur, to arouse them, and to fill them with awe! There is Something Indescribably Solemn about the rush of a rising tempest; it bows the soul before the sublime mystery of divine power. What more fitting 'as an attendant upon divine working than the deeply solemn rush of a mighty wind? With this awe-in spiring sound as of a mighty wind, there was clear indication of its com ing from heaven. Coming downward. therefore this mysterious wind passed into the chamber where the disciples were assemhled, and filled the room. Filled but did not destroy the room, it blessed but did not overthrow the waiting company. The Meaning of the Symbol is that 'as breath, air, wind, is the very life of man, so is the Spirit of God the life of the spiritual man. By him are we quickened at the first; by him are we kept alive afterwards; by him is the ipner life nurtured, and in creased, and perfected. That rushing mighty wind soon cleared away all earth-engendered damps and vapours; it aroused thie disciples and left them braced up for the further work of the Lord. They took .in great draughts of heavenly life; they felt animated, aroused, and bestirred. A sacred en thusiasm came upon them,because they were filled with the Holy Ghost; and, girt with that strength, they rose into a nobler form of life than they had ever known ;before. No doubt this wind was also intended to show the irresistible pq)ver of the Holy Spirit. The Second Pentecostal Symbol Was Fire. Fire is a fr'quent symbol of deity. Abraham saw a burning lamp, and Moses beheld a burning bush. When Solomon had builded his holy and beautiful house, its consecration lay in the fire of'. God descending upon the sacrifice to show that the Lord was there; for' when the Lord had dwelt aforetime in the tabernacle, which was superseded by the temple, he revealed himself in a pillar of cloud by day and a pillar of fire by night. "Our God is a consuming fire." Hence the symbol of fire is a fit emblem of God the Holy Spirit. Let us adore and worship him. Tongues of flame sitting on each man's head betoken a nersonal visitation to the mind and heart of each one .of the chosen com pany. Not to consume them came the fires, for no one was injured by the I flaming tongue: to men whom the Lord has prepared for his apnroach the- ' is no danger in his visitations. They see God, and their lives are preserved; they feel his fires? and are not con sumed. This is the privilege of those alone who have been prepared and purified for such fdllowship with God. The Intention of the Symbol was to show them that the Holy Spirit would illuminate them, as fire gives light. "He shall lead you into all truth." Henceforth they were to be no more children untrained, but to.be teachers in Israel, instructors of the nations whom they were to disciple unto Christ: hence the Spirit of light was upon them. But fire doth mo, than give light; it inflames: and th flames which sat upon each showed them that they were to be ablaze with love, intense with zeal, burning with self-sacrifice; and that they were to go forth among men to sneak not with the chill tongue of deliberate logic. but with-burning tongues of passionate pleading, persuading and entreating men to come unto Christ that they might live. The fire signified insnira tion. God was about to make them sneak under a divine influence,to speak as the Snirit of God should give ntter ance. Note that the emblem was not only fire, but A Tongue of Fire; for God meant to have a speaking church; not a church that would fight with the sword-with that weapon we have nought to do-but a church that should have a sword proceeding out of its mouth, whose one weapon should be the proclamation of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. I should think from what I know of some preachers that when they had their Pentecost the in- fluence sat upon them in the form of tongues of flowers; but the anostolic Pentecost knew not flowers. but flames. What fine preaching we have nowa- days! What new thoughts, and poetical turns! This is not the style of the Holy Ghost. Soft and gentle is the flow of smooth speech which tells of the dignty of man, the grandeur of the century, the toning down of all punishment for sin, and the probable restoration of all lost spirits, including the arch-fiend himself. This is The Satanic Ministry, subtle as the serpent, bland as his seducing words to E~ve. The Holy Ghost callh us not to this mode of speech. Fire, intensity, zeal, passion as much as you will, but as for aiming at effect by polished phrases and bril- liant periods-these are fitter for those who would deceive men than for those who could tell them the message of the Most High. The style of the Holy Ghost is one which conveys the truth to the mind in the most forcible man- ner-it is plain but flaming, simple but consuming. The Holy Spirit has never written a cold period throughout the whole Bible, and never did he speak by a man a lifeless word, but ever- more he gives and blesses the tongues of fire. These, then, are the two sym- bols; and I should like you carefully to Observe How the Holy Spirit Teaches Us by them. When he came from the Father to his Son Jesus it was a dove. Let peace rest on that dear sufferer's soul through all days of labour and through the passion which would close them. His anointing is that of peace; he needed no tongue of flame, for he was already all on fire with love. When the Holy Spirit was bestowed by the Son of God.upon his disciples, it was as breath-"He breathed on them and said, 'Receive the Holy Ghost.' " To have life more abundantly is a chief necessity of servants of the Lord Jesus, and therefore thus the Holy Ghost visits us.. Now that we have the Holy Spirit from Christ as our inner life and quickening, he also comes upon us with the intent to use us in blessing others, and this is the manner of his visitation-he comes as the wind which wafts the words we speak, and as fire which burns a way for the truth we utter. Our Words are Now Full of Life and Flame; they are borne by the breathl of the Spirit, and they fall like fire-flakes, and set the souls of men blazing with desire after God. If the Holy Spirit shall rest upon me or upon you, or upon any of us, to qualify us for ser- vice, it shall. be after this fashion not merely of life for ourselves, but of fiery energy in dealing with others. Come on us even now, O rushing mighty wind and tongue of fire, for the world hath great need. It lies stagnant in the malaria of sin, and needs a healing wind; it is shrouded in dreadful night, and needs the flam ing torch of truth. There is neithor health nor light for it but from thee. O blessed Spirit: come then upon it through thy people. "Mrs. Salmon's got a dog that likes me," said little Emily, coming home from a visit to her aunt. "How do you know he likes you?" her mother asked. "'Cause he tasted me, and then wagged his tail," answered the little girl. 