THE PEDDLERS' PACK. 'Itaint a very pleasant story,' said tbe landlord of the Long Psek, 14 but 4 like to tell it sometimes just to remind myself that the worst thing a man can have in this world is a hot, obstinate temper. 44 You see, I came to this coast soon after the gold lever broke out and settled down iu the Santa Barbara valley, below here, ranching. I was a widower even tLeo, and had brought with me from the States my only child, a daughter past 17. She was a pretty girl, if 1 do say it. and being as good as pretty you can imagine 1 was quite wrapped up in her. Of course, I was anxious to keep her with me, and if not that at least 1 looked for her to do something better tban fall in love with a peddler.' ' And did she.' ' Yes. You see, in those days the country was full of young fellows who had struck out Tor themselves and were trying to get a start by carrying kuickkuucks around from one mining camp lo another. Some of them were lively j chaps enough aud well educated, but I was freab from the States, with all the eastern prejudices, aud it almost drove me wild when Nellie told me she wauted to marry a young fellow who brought bis pack through our district a good detl oftener tban the trade Beemed to require. 1 was a hot tempered fool iu tbose-days, so 1 stormed, threatened, locked Nellie up for a week and sent word to her lover that 1 had loaded ray gun for wild cats and peddlers.' 44 What did Nelle do P' ' You might have guessed it. One day when I oame back from a cattle sale she was missing. [ chased her a couple of days, but they had laken to the woods, aud it was of no use. After awhile 1 got a letter from Frisco, and 1 wrote back saying that I bad disowned her, and that he had better keep out of the lange of my rifle.' ' *' What did you do then f 44 Suffered, mister, just suffered. 1 koew 1 was wrong, but I'd have died rather tban give io. For five years I lived like a toad in a rock, hating the whole world. All the pleasure I had WfaS in watching for peddlers. The number 1 chased off the ranch during that time would nBtonisb you. 11 One evening after a terrible rainstorm a peddler came to my house and asked for a shelter for the uight He was a thin, weak looking fellow, with bis faee covered with a huge, ragged' btard. Hie carried on bis back au i enormously long and Leavy pack and seemed so exhausted with biB tramp through tbe mire that I hadn't the heart te do more than order bim off the place.' j 14 That was pretty hard,' said the listener. M I suppose it was. The ptridler seemed all broke up wben he found 1 wouldn't even give him a buuch of straw iu tho stable, and uo other house within twelve miles. Instead of coir-plaining, however, be merely begged that 1 would let him leave bis pack, which be said contained goods of value, under shelter from tbe rain I finally couseuted to this. So, as 1 bad sworn none of his trade should ever crofts my threshold, I carried Lis pack insile, wh;l-- its owner limbed off to crawl uuder some bus' or other.' ?4 Didn't you feel mean P' ' Yes, m&u; and bitter at the same tim--, for something abcut the man i eminded me of Nellie's husbaud a little. However, I locked and barred all the doors and windows as usual, tor some road agents had been arouud those parts about that time and had stopped and robbed several ranchers, aud, as I told you, I was all alone. Somehow I couldu't go to sleep wheu alter that I went to bed. After tOBSing around for awhile 1 got up and sat by tbe tire, brooding over my trouble, and tryiug not to think of the poor chap shivering out there in the cold and rain Bomewhore. I looked at his pack sitting uj- in the room and wonderid what made itsolong. ' ' As I watched it, I fanned I saw it move.' ' Saw it move P' 44 Exactly. I wouldn't believe my own eye* at first, but after watching intently for awhile 1 distinctly saw the front of a hand pressed against the eanvas from the inside. Like a flssb then I understood the whole thing. The pedd ler was one of the road agents' gang, aud, knowing I had considerable mtfhey about the house, they had adopted that plan for smug gling one of their crew inside the house. After I had gone to sleep tbe fellow inside could let in the rest and finish the job. I walked quietly across the room, took my gun from the antlers, knelt down a few fret from the pack, aimed square in tbe centre and polled the trigger,' M Go on,' murmured the listener, with a shudder. ' But the gun didn't go off,' continued the landlord, clearing bis throat. 44 The nipple was rusty and wouldn't work, so I laid down the rifle and got au axe from tbe kitcheu. It had beeu newly ground that day, and wheu I lifted it over my head 1 -couuted upon cleaving that pack, robber and all, clear to tbe ground. Just' as I raised the ax and braced myself for the j blow I saw a ghost I 14 A ghoBt f ' 'xes,sir. roe paec opened, aon i saw suck- ; ing out of its top the curly yellow hair of my Nellie when Bbe was a little tot of 4. Tbe shook staggered me so that 1 sank on my knees. 1 wiped my eyes and wondered if I bad not gose cr *zy. I was almost oertain of it when the ghost stretched out a pair of obubby white arms and said : | ' * How do, grandpa f * M ' Ah,' said the guest, with a relieved sigh, j 14 1 begin to see. And what did you do then P ' ' 1 don't exactly kuow,' said the laudlord, softly, 41 hot if thete is anything that will beud a stiff, stubborn neck quicker tban tbe arms ol a little child,- I'd like to know what it Is. I put tbe tired little prisoner down by the fire, opened the door and held out my arms ' 11 And the mother P ' \\** Yes,' nodded tbe landlord 'They woe both there, and, mister, I guess (bat's the end of a y story/1 ,An(t the old man wiped his eyes. You must excuse me,butthat was a wet even ing, and somehow I haven't got quite dry since. r ? ? 