POLICE COURT. Kadika : Thursday, Sept. 7. [Before the Mayor (Mr R. J. Nobes), and Messrs Jas. Martin and T. M. Rendell.] Harold Henry Sydney Brown, and Ernest Robert Brown were charged on the information of Mr R. H. Paull on the 6th day of September, at near Wallaroo, that they did unlawfully have in their possession two tennis nets, the property of the Kadina Tennis Club, which might reasonably be suspected of being stolen. Richard Henry Paull—Am a watch- maker living at Kadina. Am Secretary of the Kadina Tennis Club. The court is situated on the east boundary of the Kadina Corooration. The nets were always kept in a box on the ground. We had two nets. I last saw them about the 28th or 29th day of August. They were then being used, and they were missed on Wednesday, August 30. Gave no person authority to remove the nets. Nets produced are the ones that were taken from the box on the tennis court. The nets are not in the same state now as when I last saw them. They had then a canvass top on each one, which has since been removed. Value nets in present state at about 20/ the pair. By, the Bench—First missed the nets on Wednesday, August 30. W. M. Kean, M.C.—Am stationed at Wallaroo. In company with M.C. Wells searched the tent occupied by Harold Brown. Found nets produced, subse- quently arrested Harold Brown at 6.30 on the 6th day of September on Wallaroo jetty. Told him the offence; and cau- tioned him. He made no statement, subsequently said that a man named George Miller had brought them to the camp about a fortnight ago. Arrested the other prisoner Ernest Brown this afternoon in Kadina. Cautioned him. He made no statement. Harold Henry Sydney Brown, prisoner —Am a labourer, living near Wallaroo. Last Tuesday week my brother and I were at the camp on the sandhills near Walla- roo. Was working at the smelters, and on the jetty. We were camped there because we were turned out from home. We were camped in a bag tent. Had no permission to camp in the sandhills. Had some pocket- money when we left home. On Tuesday afternoon we were on the sandhills after rabbits; When we returned George Miller was at the camp with two nets produced. He never told us where he got the nets from. Knew Miller in Kadina before. Asked him where he got the nets from. He replied " never mind." He wanted the nets for fishing. Miller was camped some nights with us. Miller never engaged to employ us fishing. By the police—Left home a fortnight ago, August 21. Was turned out because I could not agree with my step-father. When I left home went across to Miller's, and went down to Wallaroo next day. Stopped one night at Miller's. We were all camped in the sandhills near Walla- roo. Went fishing when it was fine. The tent belongs to Miller. When Miller brought the nets did not know that they were tennis nets. Have been in Kadina since August 21. Was in Kadina on August 30. Worked one day in smelters, and one day on the jetty. Ernest Robert Brown, prisoner—Have heard the previous witness, H. H. S. Brown. Was with him all the time, and all he has said is true. When Miller brought the nets, I asked him where he got them, and he said, " your brother Will made them." I replied, "he never made them." He said "never mind where I got them." By .police—The nets were in the same condition when Miller brought them as they are now. After my brother went to Wallaroo he only came back once to Kadina. That was a week ago to day. Miller, my brother, and I, all came to gether. Two months with hard labour. Geo. Westlake alias Miller, was charged on the information of Richard Henry Paul!, with stealing two tennis nets of the value of £1. R. H. Paull gave evidence similar to previous case. Examined by prisoner—Can swear to the net by the ties on them, several of which I tied myself, also by the holes in the bottom of the net caused by the iron pegs. One is an old net the other is a new one. W. B. Noell—Am a storekeeper at I Kadina. Sell sewing twine that is used for sewing bags. Sold two skeins or hanks to prisoner. Do not know what he used it for. Sold it about six weeks ago. Harold H. Sydney Brown—Was ar- rested yesterday by the police near Wal- laroo, for the unlawful possession of two tennis nets (produced.) On August 21 I left my home at Kadina and agreed to join my brother and prisoner, George Westlake, alias Miller, at Wallaroo, and go fishing. Miller already had the tent rigged. Stopped down there for a few days with Miller and my brother rabbit ing and fishing. Know the prisoner. He is the same man I went to join at Walla roo. The prisoner left the camp twice after I went down. On August 23 or 24 he first left. He said he was going home to Kadina. He returned the day after. He left the following Saturday and came back on Tuesday, August 29. He came back with a horse and cart. The two nets produced are the ones he brought with him. Asked him where he got the nets. He said, " never mind. I have got them for net fishing." The nets were put in the tent by Miller, the prisoner The nets were never used. Ernest R. Brown—Have heard the evi dence of my brother Harold. All he has said is true. Knew prisoner; Was camped with him and my brother near Wallaroo. On August 29 I was out with my brother rabbiting. I returned to the camp a little ahead of my brother. Prisoner was there with a horse and trap. He had the nets produced with him. Asked him where he got them, and he said "your brother Will made them." That was my brother Will. He mentioned him by name. My brother makes crab nets. Said " my brother Will never made them." Prisoner replied " never mind." By Prisoner—I understood you to say never mind. Arthur W. Brown, examined by prisoner—Am nearly 16 years of age. Live in Foster-street, Kadina, with my step father, Mr Percy. Mrs Percy is my mother. I was at your house last Friday week-. You asked me to make-a fishing net,, and I said I would if you would provide the string. I got the string. I made two nets with it. I would know the nets again. The nets produced are same as I made. I found a box of string to make the nets in the rubbish heap par'ty. George Miller (prisoner) gave me the rest of the string By the Bench—I started to make the nets about two months ago. I finished them last Friday week. By Police —I was at prisoner's place last Friday week in the evening. He asked me to make some nets. I said that I had started them. Found 6 or 5 balls of twine in the rubbish heap in the Park Lands. Found it a year ago. S.M.C. Dowling—I arrested prisoner at Kadina this morning on a charge of stealing nets produced. Told him the charge and cautioned him. He made, no statement. Prisoner G. Westlake alias Miller - Came from Wallaroo on August 25. I went home and Billy Brown was there, He asked me "How the fishing was going on?" I replied: " It would go better with a net. He said: "I will make you one if you get me the string. 1 have got a couple of pieces of net home if ypu will give me a ride out in the boat of a Saturday afternoon.'' 'l replied : Yes." He then replied : " I will run over and get them." In half an hour he came over with the nets. That would be about half past 8 or 9 p.m. The nets produced are the ones Willie Brown gave me. By police — On August 25, Brown brought me the nets. Have heard the evidence of the Secretary of the Tennis Olub, who swears that the nets were not stolen Until August 28 or 29. Cannot reconcile the difference in the date. By the Bench—I bought string from Mr Noell's to make the nets. The string of the nets produced are not made of the same string I bought. Verdict : Six months. Arthur William, Brown was then charged on the information of Richard H Paul! with stealing two tennis nets, the property of the Kadina Tennis Club, and himself. Same evidence was again repeated. Verdict: Two months. Thomas Roberts, of Kadina, charged Geo Westlake with stealing a camp oven, valued at 3/. After hearing the evidence the prisoner who pleaded guilty was sentenced, to six months' imprisonment with hard labour. A Man Who Sticks at Nothing.—One who tries to bayonet a ghost. When a woman tries to capture a Wealthy husband, she evidently believes His nieans will justify her eadi; The Best be Could Say.—Mrs Tawk fast—John, dear, if I should die would you follow ins to heaven ? Mr Tawkfast —Yes, my dear ; at least I should inq^iir e for you th&re.; A mason applied to a Newcastle buil der for employment, and was referred to the foreman. Well, asked that worthy, whor did ye wark last ? Oh. Aa wes on for mesel ! Then you will hev myed money ? Hardlies ! Ye see Aa arned mebbies three pund a week for a bit; then the next week Aa might myek nowt for a month ! What He Put On.—Scene—Barbar'a shop. Tonsorial artist, surveying his victim—" Your hair is getting very thin, Sir." Victim—" Yes—1 I've been treating it with anti-fat. I never liked stout hair," Artist— " You really should put some thing on it." Victim—"Sol do—every morning." Artist—" May I ask what ?" Victim—" My hat.'' Bishop Bay, who has"-just announced his resignation of his see at the age of eighty-three, was the first bishop appoin ted after the passing of the Irish Church Disestablishment Act. A contemporary recalls Whately's conundrum on the sub ject. Why are the people of Dublin so inconsistent ? Because they go to Day for a sermon, and to Morrow for a novelt End of the Suit.—Mr Jone3—What! You don' mean to say you're going to wear that bathing suit in public ? Mrs Jones —Certainly ; it's perfectly modest. Mrs Brown has one just like it. Mr Jones—She has? By Jove! PIT come down to the shore every day and watch her. Mrs Jones—Oh, you wretch ! you just let me catch you watching that shameless creature and I'll go right home to my mother. 