QUARTER SESSIONS, WILCANNIA, Wednesday. — Tho Quarter Ses sions closed to-day. Marshall Campbell, charged with embezzlement of tho municipal funds, was sentenced to four years' penal servitude. Jolm Rosedale and' Edward Baker were charged somo woeks ago, at White Cliffs, before Messrs. Crcffts. and Murphy, justices of tho peace, under the Va grant Act, with being near a certain op&l; mine .for tho purpose of cpmmitting a larceny, and \v|;i-0- sentenced to six months' imprisonment. They appealed at the sessions to-day, before Jud'go Gibson, who quashed tho decision,, of tlie White Cliffs, justices. Two of the shearers of , tlio Murtoo station suod tlio manager for £59 compen sation in tlao matter ot the late poisoning caso, when tea was mado from water boiled. in a bucket which had contained arsonlc.-hi a solution used for curing skins. A special jury was empanelled, The matter was settled by agreoment between toe plain-tiffs and defondant, the men agreeing to re- oaive £10 each; The jury brought In a formal ver dict as directed by the Judge. BURROWA, Wednesday. An old Burrown resident, Michael Murphy, of PlUl'.s Creek, was burled at Frogmoro to-day. Ho was 90 years old, 60 of which ho spent in this district Ho waa formerly on extensive laud-holder, hut recently met with reverses. BYRON BAY, Wednosday. Miss Sanderson, of.Myocum, met with a serious accident through, tho homo she wns riding bolt ing and -throwing hor. Hor foot stuck in tho Btirrup-lron, -and she was dragged somo distance, resulting in serious Injury, to her head. The monthly shooting competition of tlio civilian rifle club was- won by T. O'Meara, with nn average of 43, J. Risk j-12) second. . GOOM A,. Wednesday. At a meeting of the COonxa Munlbipal Council, a report was presented that by-laws, comprising 25 clauses, had been dratted for' carrying out the provisions of tho Health Act and tho Nuisances Prevention Act. These wero adopted. It was decided that they bo sent. on to the Government for approval. Tho council discussed at length a report of tlio nuisance inspector, which stated that in one Instance a , drain flawed into the street,, and' emptied Into .tho Cooma Crook, from whlch'mimbors took their water supply. It was decided to Instruct tho Inspector to tako pro ceedings in cases o£ insanitary practices, COWRA, Wednosday. Tho prospects ,ot the coming harvest are not so encouraging as tbey were a few days ago. Tlio early crops havo ripened considerably witllln tho last fow days. Stripping operations have been commenced, but tho weather during tho past week has liad a damaging effect on them. Many formers report that- considerable 'damage lms been wrought by heavy winds, the grain being literally stripped. Tho loss Is estlmnted In somo cases at quito two bushels to. the acre. COONAMBLE, Wednesday. At last nlglit'3 meeting of tho munlotpul counoil there was again brought forward the mutter of erecting public or municipal baths l.n connection with tbo artesian bore. It was decided to ap proach too Department of Mines and Agriculture with a view to tho establish mont of experimental farms-tn- connection with too artesian bore for Irrigation purposes, the agricultural inntructor, Mr. Thompson, during his recent visit, having expressed himself as favorable to suoh. At Crook's Hotel Inst night, n send-off was accorded to Mr. IS. M. Belcher, Into accountant of too Joint Stock Bank, who was retired under too retrenchment scheme. A purso was handed A similar send-off wi" last night accorded to Mr. R. O. Wost, at T-attoraall's Hoick Mr. West occupied tho position of lettor-enrrior at the local post-office for seven years, and has been trans ferred to Nowtown. DUDDO, Wednesday. At a meeting of tho Railway League to-ulght, too Mayor hi tho chair, It was resolved, oil too motion of Mr. G. H. Taylor, that the thanks of tho league -tie tendered to tho lTcmler and Minis try for their strong advocacy and support of tho l.iuhbo-Coouamhlo lino. The ho; -o, wns expressed that tho matter would lio proceeded with at an early d.-tto. nnd too Mayor, as chairman, was authorised to take such action as circumstances' might call for towards too furtherance of tlio consideration of tho Ull by tho Upper House. It was resolved also to co-ot»orato with representa tives of Ooosiainbh) and Gllgnndra to tliat end. DELEGATE, Wednesday. Tho Dairy Company lins imposed a line ot 3s per share upon all non- supplying shareholders, holding suppliers' shares. A largo quantity of wool leaves tho district dally' by toauis en- route to port. FORBES, Wednesday. Last night Alderman C. E- Rowley te tercd his resignation, owing to prossuro of private business. COULBUHN, Wednesday. Mr. D. C. S. Bruce, who has boon two years Crown lands agent licro, has linen promoted to the position of clerk in cliargo of too Hay IoinO. Hoard. Ho is BUCcceOod hero by Mr. Ic. M. Grai- lowuy, C.B.S. and land agcnt'at Condoholirf.- An Dntcrtalnment to-night, In tho tlehool of Arts-hall, in connection with tho hospital demon stration, passed of successfully. The operettas "Her Uncle's Ghost" ami "Blind Beggars wero successfully stuged, and a goo<l pi-ogrammo or songs and Instrumental Items was given by an efficient orchestra, under tho cdnductorslup o.t Mr. T. II. Mossesr. , G UND AG A I, Wednesday. Carl ,T. A. Paid, engaged iu a bicvcto ride from Coolgardlo to Gymplo. arrived hero tills morning. Pahl left Coolgarille on SepLcirflivr 21, and expqets to rcacli Gymple, 1200 miles from here, or a total dietiinco of 3500 mile?) from Coolgardlc, hotoro Christmas. HARDEN, Wednesday. Country residents have reason to complain that Civil Service Board advertisements, calling for applications for positions, trnnioniry or otherwise, rarely givo sufficient lime for a country resident to obtain too necessary forms, and inako his ap plication, thn3 effectually lumdicariiing him us against tlio city man. Complaints are made hy stcck-ownern aqrl- others having occasion to use tho trucking yards . nt the local railway station, that several Instances- have -occurred -where sheep havo got away onjl boon kist owing to tlio insecure condition of tho yards and races. LTTHGOW, Wednesday. Tho local land board held a sitting to-day In Uio court-house, the business being of too usual character. LIVERPOOL, Wednesday. The following officers were elected at tho annual meeting of the Canley Vale Progress As sociation -hall Company:— Mr. B.- Stevens, trea surer; Mr. T. C. Browne, secrctar;); Messrs. W. Lambert, Curgonven, Ilodgcs, Burnett, J. Zani, T. Linley, and Mrs. Emanuel, committee. Tho statement of accounts, which presented and adopted, - shoved tbat tho finances of tho com pany aro Jn a satisfactory condition. Mr. F. E. Weaver, of Glcnfield, who succeeded In inducing too Royal Agricultural Society to offer a prize for tlio best collection of grapes at its last show, has liocn informed, In reply to a communication, by tho secretary (Mr. Webster), that tho council of tho society Intend offering similar prizes at tho- next show, which takes place In April. _ A very cnjoyablo social was hold in the Pres byterian schoolroom last night, In connection with Harmony Lodgo, No. 745, I.O.G.T. Various parlor games woro Indulged inland songs wero rendered at intervals by radmbefis of the order. MANILLA, Wednesday. Harvesting operations aro far advanced. Tho yield -will be affected considerably hy tho losses through the hall and wind storms. Tho building- trade continues brisk and many now buildings aro Iff course of construction. NEWBRIDGE, Wednesday. An accident occurred on 'the deviation works tola morning. A .quantity, of .'earth, fell upon somo men, and ono, named -W. G rifnson, was seriously Injured; and .removed to the .Batlfurst Hospital. Tho other man, homed O'Brien, was slightly hurt. , \- NARRABRI, Wednesday. Tho borough , counoil last night passed a reso lution that .the Government he applied to respect ing the supplying of an artesian boro .for Nai-ra- brl. A minute1" was drawn up asking tho de partment lo furnish particulars respecting cost, etc., whbn a public meeting will be called. Two nurses at the hospital havo. resigned. Mr. Stafford, Is pushing forward with too erec tion of a fresh electric lighting plant, sawmill, etc., and expects to resume operations in a few weeks. Tho engine was found to ho only slightly damaged, but tlie works will require complete renewal In an other reBpects. , rvr? ATsTmr;- Mr. Frank Ford, of the A.J.S. Bank; was toa- derod a farewell last nlffhi by a numerous gather ing of influential citizens on too occasion, of his transfer to the head office,. The Mayoi- presided, and Mr. James Torpy. on behalf of Mr. Ford's . friends, presented the guest with a purse of sove reigns. " ' Tlio pupils ot tlio Superior -Public School gavo their annual entertainment this evening in tho Australian-hall. Tho audience was very largo, and the entertainment waa most successful. ' While cleaning out a well at East Orange a re sident .hauled up a bucket containing pyritous ore, which he immediately handed over to the police. The stono is supposed to' have somo connection with tho losses reported from ; tho Wentworth mines. Lucknow, two and a half years ago. , PAStBULA; Wednesday. Tho Influenza epidemic Is very had, and too local hospital Is kept full. An old resident of Delegate for the past 28 yea'fs, iii tlie person of Mrs." Armstrong, died at her son's residence near Pambula, on Monday last, aged S3. PILLIGA, Wednesday. A bazaar in aid of the School of Arts was open ed la-st night. ROBERTSON, Wednesday. A half-day paraflo of the West Camden Lancers lyvas carried out- -hero this af tornoonF There was a fair attendance, under fb.e command of Cap tain M'EvllIy and Lieutenant Wood. Nino mem bers of this half-squadron are serving In South Africa. SUTHERLAND, Wednesday. The Postal Department has Informed Mir. Nicholson, M.P., that too necessary steps havo been takon to reshme two block of land. Noa, 20 and 22, seo. 1, on the Hallway-parade„Suthcr- kmd .township, as a site for tho hew post and telegraph ofllco. SCONE, Wednesday. Great dtfllculty is experienced in getting' good harvest hands here. Twelve mdn arrived this morning from the Labor Bureau to the order of Mr. Wilson, of Scgenlioe. TEMORA, Wednesday., The council has decided to hand over to the townspeople tho library of tlio- okl School of Arts. WELLINGTON, Wednesday. The fifth sale of tlio sum of f200 In connection with' tlie Wellington Starr Bcrwkott Society was_ hold last night. Bidding commenced at £35, and tho amount was finally, bought by Mr. Middle- ton for .tho sum of ' £50. This rafikes tho lOth drstributlon of a similar sum slneo the inaugu ration of tho society. WINDSOR, Wednesday. The Hallway Commissioners have notified that too local time-table will be so arranged to enable frultgrowors to get their friilfr -to Sydney in tlmo for the early- market1 sales' at Darling Harbor. Under existing conditions, tho fruit does not arrive till five groat bulk'ot tliat from other places has been disposed of, thus meeting a deelliflng market. . WAGGA, Wednesday. A young man; Plorhprt : Stewart, --well known throughout too district, died In too hospital to- Tho replacement of No.l" section of tlio ivoodoii railway viaduct, comprising 712 30ft. spans; with a stoel viaduct, was. completed, tote morning, when, too liist etx- spans wore- thrown off and replaced with' tho Improved style. , . . - The high price of wheat-bags Is causing much dtestttlsfttctlon amongst agriculturists, in view ot toe ' probability of tlio market for new wheat opening at a low figure. Wheat-buyers ha.vo not yot commenced operations hereabouts, although n«,number about too district are looking round. Han' eating operations are In full swing, and tho yields are satisfactory. Mr. O.-' A. -Wiltons, Crown lands agent here, has been appointed clerk In charge of tlio land hoard- office. Ho will be succeeded by Mr. G. II. Parker, clerk fn. chargo at Bourke. 