GIRLY-GIRLYiSMS. (By ' Bouem i !:-'xe.') Bhisdane, musically, has three things to be thankful for— Truda, livrnc, an 1 Mrs. Gil bert Wilson— all artists. And in many ways, the first jf these is Gui&seppc; Tru la. When Truda talks on the violin his sunny Italiancss tingles in tne strings. Apropnx, Signor Truda's concert was not os well attended as it deserved to be. That's always tho way in barbarous Bris bane. When Trebelli came hero, with her marvellous technique and her glorious voice, because there was nobody to point out to tho herd, ' here is a diva': they let her severely alone. In point of fact, most Brisbane people are quite unaware that in i Trelelli a superb artist visited Australia in tho zenith of her great powers of vocali sation. It is the same old story. Signor Truda has never degraded his art. One liea s nothing that is not good music. And ever the crowd stays away. There is more money to bo made in pandering to the musical tastes of the multitude than will ever be made by endeavoring to lead them into the .higher regions of the most beautiful and gracious art in the world. Air. Collier essayed onu of Allitsen's fine songs, and in. trying to get the high note bis voice cracked and broke, sending a shudder through the musical portion of the audience. I have heard Mr. Collier sing several times previously anj his voice in variably plays him the samo trick. Until ho has learned to correct this painful fault, Mr. Collier should refrain from singing in public, as the result is inartistic and annoy ing. Miss Ethel Parker was another singer that could have been spared. Hur voice sounded like a oow with a Urge moo in a padduok, and her method is harrowing to the soul. A ' stringent coarse of lessons' .might do the lady good. ? /??' ?? When Signor Rebottaro sang for an encore ' Simon the Cellarer,?1 he lost the' run of . the verses and sounded all his t's like th, but he canjo triumphantly out of Ibe ordeal and finished in great style. Signor Truda's contributions were played with great delicacy and. refinement. They were. ' Hejre Kati ' (Habay) such a wierd dancing measure, and for an encore, a charm ing piece by Raff. : In the second part of the programme Signor Truda played one of Musin s favorites, 'A Reverie' (vieuitemps), with great brilliancy, and was enthusiastically recalled, ?when he played a dashing 'TaranteUe' written for him^y Dr. Byrne. The Rebottaros sang the 'Qutnao Amore' duet (Donizetti) with striking success. It was their beat effort. Bignorina Rebottaro next sang Auber's 'Laughing Song' in English. It sounds ever so much prettier in tie original French, and it was j Bebottaro's least' artistic number. Her singing of the pretty trifle is not to be compared with TrebeUi's rendering of the same song. Trebelli toot the laughing girl when she sang it. Tho Rebottaros acted and sane 'A Singing LesBon,'', by Fiora vanti, thiB was reminiscent of Biondi's 'Singing Lesson,' but not nearly so effec tive as Biondi's. Signor Rebottaro in his effort % be convincing was a trine over powering. Dr. Byrne played in his most masterly manner ' Bustle of Spring ' and a 'Grotesque' March,' both by Binding. He was very, heartily recalled, when he again played the queer, jumpy ' Grotesque March.' The quaint little piece is rather like the March of the Marionettes. The swagger push were all there— and | plenty who weren't swagger. Most of the t women had their dear little nuses chalked as if they were going to vso 'em for billiard cues. Bad powder, ladies, can't j-ou afford better ? MissFinney displayed tho loveliest pair of .pearl-white shoildors in tlio room, and her gown was — * low, bo'b we could have a good look at 'em. Brisbane's beauty, Mrs. Swineford, came late. Her hair was several f drawn back from her Madonna face. Strange, what a difference it makes in a woman, to draw her hair back from her brow. Three years ago, Mrs. Swineford was merely a pretty girl with a fluify fringe, nti't- she fs a beautiful woman witu a broad brow unadorned by the frivolous edging of curb. Tho ladv's shoulders rose like old yellowish ivory from her severe black gowu, uinl exemplified the 'new' truth: that most women look their worst in black, though you can't get 'em to believe it. Miss Fiuueane was stately in black satin and sequins, her black hair piled high on her hoad and giving the effect of a Roman helmet. F. i'inuuane sparkled in pink chiffon with a cloak of a violent magenta liue. A Jew boy in the gallery wore spectacles ind an air of culture. This was manifest when lie licat time with both hands on the railing of the gallery. An exalted lady, waiting at the front door for her waggon, remark to ta Pinnock, ' So sorray ; so wrong of the carriage.' Don't know what sho meant. Carriages arc not in tlie habit of doing wrong, bat their coachmen might be. Another instance of our slovenly modem speech. Everybody went to Lady Lamington's re ception on Wednesday afternoon. Dear old dames, who ought to be dead and decently buried long ago, meandered on the, In wu and chattered about their neighbors. People who never go to any other public enter tainment, go to GovernmentHouse. That's because its free, and Brisbane would spend money to get ta a free show. Nearly all the ladies wore the same gowns as at the last race meeting. All the DickeoD family did. ' Pap' Dictson is too busy trying to cram l'cileraiion down our throats to have time to get new gowns for Iub girls. It was a glorious winter's day. The air was keen, dry, and sparkling, and the well kept grounds looked lovely. Clumps of pmnsettias, with their scarlet bloom, stood out against the blue of the Bky and the faded greon of the trees. Poinsottia is a true scarlet, a scarlet that is like the blare of a trumpet, as somebsdy or other eayE, Miss Molle's pretty red and^ white com plexion was admirably shown up by her grey gown, and on her brown hair was set a toque, an airy nothing made of a pink rose and a handful of tulle. It suited Miss Molle, much better than the flame-colored toque she frequently wears. . : . .. Lady Lamington wore black over white, a style that has just struck Queensland though ite day is over in other countries. The usual black hat ornamented her lady ship's meek'iooking head and her gown was brightened by a dash of forget- me-npt blue. Mrs. Pascoe Stuart was severely gowned in black with a cream collar and a black hat covered with waving plumes. Lady Griffith ?ehone comfortably in a gown of dark-blue with a fake of white lace. Lady Nelson wore a superb black brocade, with blue satin on the bodice, and the skirt glittering with beads and jet ; a somewhat frivolous bonnet of black and pink crowned tbe whole. A lady wore a double-breasted' coat and skirt of cream serge. Mrs. Philp also frivolled in a cream serge skirt and a blouBe of heliotrope eilk. Fretty Mjbs Callan wore a brown cloth, with lots of silver braid, and it looked very smart. Mrs. Erie M'Connel was beautifully tracked in tea, braided in brown. There are some aice coppers in Brisbane. As a rule, a copper is a decent-fellow, but they have very largo powers, and sometimes they misuse, them. An ancient drunk was comfortably reposing in the street, just at Hicks' corner, the other day, when the brute on the beat caught sight of him. He cruelly pulled the old man's ear, and dragged him up by hauling on his ear. Police are for the protection of the people, eves when the said people have looked upon the beer when it is' yellow. A couple of sights after this happened, the same brute was so drunk while on Iiis beat that his state was apparent to the i«ssers-by. How» ever, with the usual humane reluctance to do a mau an illturu, nobody reported him. Another time, a lady of pleasure, having tried to drowu her degradation in tho flow ing bowl, was overcome by the putency of the whisky at the Uresham Hotel corner. A policeman tried to haul her into a cab by force, but it was no go. Slie resisted him, and struggled all she knew. And then her Bkirt slipped off, ami the poor creature stood bctore gap ng, debased nijn in her petticoat. Tlie bobby' kept on his idiotic endeavors aud at last, her petticoat fell off and she Btood only in her undergarments before the grinning crowd. An outrage of this kind on the part of the policeman ought eurely to be preventible. At a performance in the Opera House, a cranky fellow went into Lord Lamington's box and wanted to sit by Lady Lamington and play with her hand ; he was not mot in the same spirit. In fact the usher removed him. Tlio saiuo beautiful idiot made himself a nuisance at Celinski's concert. He yelled, and when lie was sick of that he whistled, ' You can read it in my eyes.' So you could, but not what he meant. 'This pleasing person offers to fight everybody who interferes with his peculiar pleasures, as lie looks as if he could fight a bit, people let him alone. There was a queer little scene here last week. A, rude man knocked a parasol out of is, pretty woman's hand and didn't say he was sorry or any of the usual ' kid.' Her escort immediately stuck out his chest and said, 'I'll teach the beggar manners.' Tho beggar turned round and said, ' You shut your jaw, or I will knouk your nose onto the' other side of your face.' The Johnnie collapsed, and the pretty woman laughed at him' One time Ipclement Wragge was leaving Uockhampton for the wild and woolly west. Another mau in the same railway carriage asked Wragge to move some of his numerous packages, ao's he (tiie other man) could put his feet under the seat. Wragge stooped and looked under anil hauled out a little black nirl three or four vears old. Mr. Wragge, being atender-licaked man, looked after the little black nipper, and now she's grown to be a fine girl and lives with Wi-agge's beautiful children at Cleveland A quaint little girl thought she'd like to learn shorthand, so she went off and had a lesson. When, she got home again, her poppa, who'd been keeping up his birthday, said : ' Now, Cis, come on ; talk me some shorthand.' But she was an Australienue. The Lady Musgfavo Ball, on Thursday night, was not a great success ; in fact it was a considerable frost. Lord and Lady Lamington and suite were present. Lady Lamington, wore sombre black satin with pearl and diamond jewels. Mrs Pascoe Stuart, sparkled iu white satin, the bodice of purple and white striped brocade. ' Miss L. Almond danced languorously in white silk, with bandsof cerise on the bodice. MissMarie Collins looked very pretty in white satin flounced to the knees with white chiffon. Miss Alice Greaves m.ide her debut, sad was daintly gowned in pure virginal white. Lots of gowns were there that one has seen at every ball for the last couple of years. It was a painfully prim and proper dance, though there were some gay dogs there who only wanted a half a slant to be a bit quick, but they hadn't the ghost of a show. Celinski's concert on Friday night didn't seem to be taken seriously. There was a big audience, but they seemed to bo people who knew nothing of music, and only came for the fun of tlio thing. Cdinski is a quaint, cat-like little creature, who plays with plenty of technique but no expression. By the way, she doeao t bear the least re semblance to her photographs. You wouldn't know her from them. They must be all fake. Her face is peculiar, broad and square, with a big jaw and high cheek bones — tho face of a woman who would work bard end who ought to go far. Her 'frock was of babyish blue, with a scarf draped round her shoulders nnd brought to the front, and then hanging iu long ends -on each side. Her tiny feet were shod iu blue to match tbe gown, and she wore her gown well above the ankles so's you could see 'cm. Colinski is probably a Jewess. At her concert two Jewesses assisted. One had no voice, and the other couldn't sing. Their performance was very painful to witness. There can be no excuse for permitting such persons to go on tho stage. Mr. Bowdcn, who has a light and agreeable baritone, sang several songs very pleasingly. It was advertised that after the Bhow Celinski would hold a reception on the stage. Folks waited to see who would go ; but nobody went up, and the air seemed frosty, so tbey left. The last I saw was Celinski sitting on the stage with a small girl — and the people ' gOt' ____________ 