In tlie interest of all parties it is to be hoped- that the Best- Jackson Board will send in its report to Parliament with as little delay as possible. The inquiry has extended over nearly two months, whereas had Mr. Graves brought his charge before tlie House when Mr. Best was present to meet it, it would probably have been dis posed of one way, or another in two hours. But lie chose his opportunity when Mr. Best was nbscnt in Gippshmd; and, ns tho Premier seems to have satisfied -himself beforehand that his colleague had nothing to four from any investigation, he offered no opposition to it. Long drawn out ns the evidence lias been, it can scarcely be said to ho thoroughly satisfactory to anybody. Mr. Graves told tlie Board lie brought the chnrgo with the belief that he would he able to demonstrate that, "from first to "Inst, Air. Best cither caused or autlior- " ised, or consented to, or directed the "endeavor or cssny to, unduly promote, in "position and pay, his brother-in-law, Air. "Jnekson, telegraph operator, of the "fourth class, fixed." This is a suffi ciently categorical indictment, and one that shows that the accuser was confident tlmt lie could make out a very strong case with the material at ins disposal. - But tile result could scarcely have come up to tlie expectation of the Board, for, when put to the lost, lie hud to confess that the material .was not quite so strong as his convictions;' It-- must have been disap pointed nt. tho start, for cxnmple, to hear -<.that: Mr., - Best's , delinquencies had been - first 'brought "'to 'Air. Graves', s . knowledge - by. a" young "liian- -quite unknown- to liinv; whom' lie "had -'met at 'the door of; the. Inquiry, "Boom of t-liov Lands- department"; and.- ;tliis disappointment anust have- deepened into something .like impatience. when -the 'anonymous, young 1111111 : was u supple mented by. anonymous letters, 'which it naturally declined to admit as evidence. -The story of the anonymous young-man was still further discounted wlicn Air. Graves, ,.in .a weak moment --.of ; candor or desperation; blurted out, jfl do not know "where I got the informAtion; I got. five "letters only this morning, and I have no "more idea than the man in the moon " where the-v all came from.",-., It is not surprising that th'is frank, hut injudicious, confession was -not received by -.the Board too seriously;,- . What -AIiv Graves doubt less -meant to convey when lie introduced the nnonynious . young man on the ,scene was - that lie liad- not been fulling for evidence; anil the state ment would have - been highly, credit able to him -if its effect had not been some what weakened by Air. Best's declaration that .'he' had "found .traces of Mr. Graves "in the Lands department, in the Post " Office, in the Customs House and clsc- " where." , Nor is this tlie -only source of weakness in-Air;- Graves's, case. The ap pointment of Air. Jackson by . the Public Service Board, which constitutes the gravamen of his charge against A-Ir. -Best, took place in Alay, 1800, and, if we arc to believe that it -threw- tlie entire-Public Ser vice into a state of seething discontent, it seems strange tlmt Air. Graves should only make tho discovery two years and a lialf afterwards, blither the anonymous young man did not . turn up : before, , 01 else his confidant is " dominated by some motive that docs , not , ap pear on. the'- surface, .'and', which will tax the discernment of the Board to discover. Giving liiin all tlie credit that his warmest friends can desire, it .- would obviously have redounded more to his public spirit if lie had challenged Air. Best with, his alleged misconduct as soon as it became public property in the "Gazette." -. , Air. Best not only admits, with out hesitation, that lie did what he is charged ' with doing with his eyes open; but says that lie did it with the cognisance and consent of "the Premier; and - the Premier corroborated, him. , lie told- tlie-' House that Air. Best liad ap prised him of tlie circumstances, and tlmt lie hiid 'niadejiiiquines into it, AV'hicli satis fied him that "there was not nn atom of " ground for complaint." This statement is not without a political significance, since it virtually places the Cabinet on its trial alongside of Mr. Best; sulci involves it in the consequences that may result from tho decision of tho Board. We do not- know whether Air. Graves contemplated sucli an issue when he. called up the ghost of the anonymous Young; Alan to testify to . the purity of his motives! at this late hour; but it must ' increase the' dilemma of tlie Board to know that a political crisis may result front its, verdict. It goes with out saying, of course, Hiat corruption must be punished at all hazards, and that the public would 'rather see tlie best Govern ment turned out -of ' ofiice tluyi the purity of, administration: lie sacrificed.'-.-. But tlion: tlie evidence of guilt should he beyond cavil or doubt before public affairs are thrown into confusion; and ; in this in stance-it is open to -the friends of Air. Best, to' say that, the charge, against liim is not proven, ana would' not be enter tained in? a court of justice. The evidence is all hearsay; and where it:- is. not fliansy,. - is conflicting. Air. Graves's anonymous young , 1111m and .batches. of. anonymous, letters are not very material support ; and, though lie lias Air. Skene, on -, his side, Air. Skene's testimony is contradicted by Afh Alorkhmn, and to a certain' extent by Air. AI'Gibhon.' Unless the Board - can, discover something to justify the rejection of, one' or ; the other, they .cnncel 'each otlicr. , i; : i 1,3 ; : - Neither " Air. ' Graves nor . Air. Best will , be , content with a non-cominit- tal : verdict; .wliich -would ' cotnpro- mise -both parties without really acqnit- tingieithcr. Miv Best has, indeed, insisted, tlint the charge which Mr. Graves 1ms made against liim should, be.' prohounced to he true or. not true; - and - we suppose that Air. Gray es ; will be satisfied witli no thing less on, liis. side Indeed, it is obvi ous tlmt Air. Graves will, bo -practically condemned'by any concession 'that niay be made to "Air. Best, sihce'h'e-.iin'dertook to demonstrate that \ he caused, ' or con sented to promote his brother-in-law with a full knowledge .thh.t the nn- pointmcnt was corrupt, antl, that lie, was aetuated by motives of family regard or gain; If the Board tliink tliat Air. Graves has really made : out his- case; lie should have the full and imequivocal benefit of its decision — that is to say, any attempt made, to excuse or :pallinitc Air. Best's con- duet'?will.be "received with .veiy jiist. dis satisfaction both by the public and by the Civil Service. At tlie same tinie,7 they -will not closest-heir eyes, to tlie demoralisation tlmt must ensue if charges against public men may be, brought, under the flimsiest of pretences for purely political purposes. If Air. Graves's anonymous young man is to be privileged "to." appear In; Parliament to. expedite a political crisis, Parliamentary life will have a now ..terror to contend -with. 'No Alinister of the- Grown will -be safe if he is reqiiircid to- confute charges that are instigated by .nobody knows whom, supported by testimony that may have dropped, like Air. Graves's, from "the " man in the moon." Two speakers at tlie banquet given by MrjDanks to tho members of tlie Inter colonial Conferences made a special point about tho doctrine of "tlie new protec- "tion." Air. Beazlcy, responding to the toast of Parliament, observed that tlie trend of thought amongst the delegates of all the colonies was that in tlie future protection -to Australian work must be accompanied with protection to tlie Aus tralian worker. Just as the manufacturer is to be protected by the tariff against tlie sweating competition of Asiatics, Coo lies and fellaheen, as well ns ngainst tho bounty-fed sugar of Germany, so tho men whose brain and brawn do his work must lie guarded against that internal, competi tion of the wage-earners which ever and ever lends to depress the wage rate below tho level of a decent subsistence. Air. Bcazley said that while this doctiinc cm bodied the aspirations of the manual toiloi, it was not in loss favor in manufacturing circles, where the employers took largo views of tlie question. The cry for the "living wage" lias gone out, and struck a chord in the popular apprehension. The demand is at the root precisely of the same nature ns that which fences round tho manufacturer against the improper competition of- alien and inferior civilisa tions. It aims in both cases at destroy ing a demoralising and degrading competi tion. It lms found a voice in Air.. Pea cock's Amending Factories Bill; antl it is finding in the .Parliaments of the other colonics exponents 110 less earnest , than ' those- it lias here. Air. - Beazlcy . says that, though here and there wo-may liiid employers willing to make their profit out of tlie sweated wage of the toiler, the great ja majority of employers desire tq sco uiur u workmen enjoying under the law: as much | protection as they ..themselves enjoy. But B then the evil ,is that- where 011c employer insists 011 underpaying his workers, the. rest are virtually compelled, through the , strain of competition, to fall to the samo level.' Hence the need of a law which will place every body of organised labor in tho legal position of dcmanding.a rate of lino commensurate with fair subsistence. : Mr. Dcrhum, speaking ns tlie President of the Chamber of Alnnufaeturcs, and aa the President bf the Conference now sit ting, endorsed Air. Beazlcy 's contention. He says that lie believes the result of the Tariff Conferences now being held .will surprise all extremists. Hie advocates f , tariff prohibition will find a moderate opinion prevailing as to tlie extent to 'which protection is to be applied. And, on M tlie other hand, the clamoiers for free, ports ||| and foreign competition will find tlicin- . wp; selves without any considerable suppoit rij. in the Commonwealth. Air. Bcrliam pro- claims -himself in favor of paying as high ' a wage as "circumstances will permit." But, that is altogether too indefinite. It may be quite true to say that 110 . employer can be expected to pay such wages 11s would involve liis business in a loss. That is what Air. Dcrham probably means by " circumstances permitting." But that docs not quite touch the contention. The law of the "minimum wage" seeks, not to exploit tho employer in tlie intcrost of.ine workmen, but to place all employers on tlie same level, so that they must chargo such a fair price to tlie consumer as will cover tlie cost of- a fair wage to labor. The early advocates of free-trade in England, when they sought tlie-. abolition . of' tlie corn laws, had no intention of giv ing the laborer n cheap loaf. On tlie con- trnrv. "RlenrHo lins exnrnsslv lti.l it rlown that the "cheap loaf", was in order that tlie manufacturer might get cheap labor, and so outbid foreign competition. There is n6 benefit to the workman in getting cheap food, if, as the consequence of cheap food, lie lias to supply still cheaper labor. And correspondingly thort?is no advantage to tho manufacturer in 'getting ,(f;heiip labor, if, as the consequence, he lias to sell liis wares at a rate which is onir just above the margin of tlie produciM cost. / Therefore, while it -is encouraging>''.tatlfca1-' Air. Berham's declaration that he Sis in complete - accord with - the "now .-jirotee- tion'?; as. advocated by 'Alr.uBcri!zltiyl/-his qualification about "perriiittirig" circuni- " stances" ruling -the wnge rate, instead of being rilled by it, is not quite so definite as clear thinking demands. , Air. Gibson, AI.L.0., of Queensland, rc- afiinnod yesterday , a- statement which exactly bears on this point. Ho says tlint lie and other Queensland sugar . planters are quite prepared to dispense with kanaka labor if the Federal Tariff . affords to the sugar industry such a, protective duty against cheap- grown Alauritiu's and Indian sugar, and bounty-fed German sugar, as will give the Australian market to the Australian grower. And 'that is almost certainly what the Federal Tariff will aim nt. Nor need there bo any. alarm in the minds of consumers as to the effect of a high export duty 011 sugar. The total .Australian consumption of -sugar; is "not more than 155,000.or 100,000 tons. There is every reason to believe tliat the total Aus tralian crop of tills year' will' reacli 190,000 tons.' Any way, Australian production pun far more than cope with Australian consumption. The foreign sugar grower has, consequently, no legitimate right in our market. There will be needed such a duty ns will efi'eetually exclude him; and then tlie principle, of internal, com petition will come "into play to regulate prices to the consumer on the basis of a white -man's wages on the plantations;- It is easy; to show, by the citation of exist ing facts, tliat this docs not mean an addi tional charge upon the consumer. The tariff in Sydney puts'£3 pel- ton on sugar. In- this colony it imposes £0 per ton.! ,-Yet the best white sugar is retailed all; oyer both Sydney and Alelbpurne at from- 2/4i to 2/9 per dozen lb. This shows that while the Victorian revenue has benefited to the extent of £150,000 -from sugar riiore tlian that of Now South Wales, tiie con sumer as such lias not paid "ti ; penny, of the tax. Air. dibson confesses that his - visit to. Victoria has convinced liim that protectionists here have no narrow designs of merely arranging the tariff duties to suit Victorian interests; but that a broad national spirit exists, such as 'the other colonies can trjisL Tn fnet the feeling uitu,,s w. uc gcHumi uiac xnc t\yo won- ferences which have been . convened in Melbourne have done more Federal work in a, mercantile, direction than- all the speeches of the politicians; The members of the Alnniifacturers' "Confercncq admit that they will be conipelled, as tiie pro tectionists were, to leave a, portion. of, their' work uncompleted. Tiiis will.be taken up early next year a-t'an adjourned Conference in Sydney. But there is-h feeling of .con fidence everywhere expressed ainongst the delegates tliat the; result of their labors \yill' be to very largely shape the course , for tii 0 future Federal Treasurer in tho mutter of , the tariff. . , : 