Obituary THE LATE MRS. HAYDON The death of Mrs. Mary Haydon, which oc- curred at her daughter's residence, Queen- Street, Campbelltown, last week, removes from our midst a very old resident—one who has been identified with the district for four score years and more. Mrs. Haydon was a Camp- belltown native, as was also her father and mother. She was born in 1816, and had there- fore attained the ripe old age of 83 years. During the whole of her life she was in the enjoyment of perfect health, even right up to the time of her death, for it was only a month since that the deceased lady commenced to fail, and only a week previous to her death did she take to her bed. The cause of death was senile decay. She retained consciousness to the last, and died peacefully at a quarter to five on Saturday evening last, as we have said, at the residence of her daughter, Mrs. Matthew Keane, Queen-street. Mrs. Haydon, whose maiden name was Eggleton, was married at Campbelltown by the late Rev. Father Terry. There was a family of fourteen —an equal num- ber of sons and daughters. Of these, four re- side in the district, and they are— Mrs. M. Keane, and Messrs. James, George, and Robert Haydon. There is a brother and sister of the deceased lady living now, and there are also an exceptionally large number of grandchildren — something like 70, and about 40 great-grand- children. Having lived in the district the whole of her life, Mrs. Haydon knew much of the history of the place. She was familiar with all the facts of the Fisher's Ghost case, and was personally acquainted with many of the characters who figure therein ; in fact, she was present on the banks of the creek—return- ing from school—when Fisher's body was re- covered, and actually saw the remains. The spot she has recorded, is situate in the paddock on which the late show was held— portion of the Bradbury Park Estate. The funeral, which was very largely atten- ded, took place on Monday afternoon, the body, which was enclosed in a handsome polished cedar coffin, being interred in the Roman Catholic Cemetery. Four grandsons of diseased acted as pall-bearers. The Rev. James Dunne, P.P., performed the last rites of the Church, and the funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr. Nicholas Doyle. 