Items of fetes. 1 The Pobtiand excdbsiqn.. i would jranind those who intend ioimno the trip to Patiaud toraorrow, tteti? H exenraion train will start from Hsaslte at 9.20 8-m., arriTinv at its destinaiu-Z noon, and will leave Portland at 7.2Q, riving fere at 10 p.m., giving the bolidn! makers sereo hours to spend at the eeaAne. There was only a limited number ofteS sod these, we see informed, are aSHS poeedof, but tire etationmaster hasseutfe more, aad probably another fifty nav IT oome available. Thefara fromBtotofeaa Portland and retnrn either ty the raemi to- morrow, or by ordinary train wiflmm. month, is 4fl fidfor mdalts, ehildren ok twelve -years of age, ball-price. The tjg,. forstarting irom Coloraine is 8 am. from Oasterton, 8.25 a.m. Ihpobtant Pbopebty Sale On Thursday next, at 1 o'clock, Messrs. Rok I Stapylton Bree aad Co. (in conjunction via Mr. John Hylaod) will conduct an imp- teat Bale at Mr. Ewen Cameron'aClovi farm, six miles from Condah, wbeuthn will offer .toe farm, containing 140 acta d freehold "add 214 acres of leasehold Uni dairy herd, sheep, cattle, horses and agricul tural implements. The land formsjiHt ti the . famous Condah Swamp, and commas rich agricultural country, securely fcL-i with posts and wire (barb wire on topkmi sub-divided into conveniently-shed j. docks, aad joins the cheesery, (abru£d ike Excelsior Cheese oompany) from source £40 per month is at present derini Splendid crops of wheat, oata, mangolds sg carrots have been mown this year, and tb other portions of the gronnd are Uud don rmder Engliah grass, and tbe richness of ti, pasture is evideoced by the splendidcia. dition bl tbe stock at present depasturnn the farm. A wooden house of 6 ram, milking shed, end machinery shed u erected on toe land, and there is a no. faili ng water supply from wells. Theetai to be offered inmudee 55 cows in foil mia 20 pure Ayrshiros, 15 half-bred Ayrdiins, 40 shorthorns, pure and half-bred Jenep,3 pure sbortborn bolls, 2 pedigreed Aynhiit bulls, 1 Jersey boll, 16 working bsllocb, 14 Bteera, 60 pure Lincoln stnd ewelutis,; young draught horses, 25 hacks and banas horses. A number of farming Implenai induding Alassey-Harris reaper and hinds, JmUodc waggon, etc., will also be sold. Qt land is to »e offered in one lot, and if mt sold in one lot will be offered in five sepuilt lots. TLe terms are most liberal, eiteniinj over six yeara. Conveyances will meet tit train at Condah in time to convey bnyen te toe sale. Obituary. — We regret to chronicle the death of Mr. Isaac Hart, father of Ma Louis Horwitz, of Hamilton. Thedeoud gentleman was one of tbe early pioaeasd Melbourne, - having established a tenia with his two brothers, Messes. A. H. indE ' Hart, in GoUins-etreet, as far UckuWt TTiot continued to trade as general importer until 1854, after which Mr. Isaac Hut carried on toe business on his ownaceomt for a toort period, when he finally tttini from active commercial purauits. Mr. Hut was for 40 years continuously a directed the City of Melbourne and Metrapotei Gas Company, and from 1S59 to Ml k was one of toe commissioners of edsatia under toe system then in vogne. Sim August, 1858, also, be had been one id tit trustees of th'eMeltxranie General Cemetery. Mr. Hart, who was a widower Bt tl,e time of his death, leaves a family of nine, fa eldest son being Mr. Edward Hart, solidte, of Collins -street. The deceased died euir on Sunday morning, at his remdent " W aimer, " Victoria Parade, at a ripedi sffe- Ueath of Mrs. C. J. Wette.— ' The many friends of Mrs. C. J. Whyte, mothtr of Mr. T. N. Whyte, of this town, wffl regret to hear 'of that lady's decease, ssn tfaeGodong Aieertieer. Mrs. Wbytoyv a colonist of the early forties, and readtd with her husband, Mr. Charles Jane Whyte, for many years at their statim, Karaite, Coleraine. The deceased lady bad seven sons, three of whom survive her, Mr. Thomas Napier, Mr Louis, and Mr. Emot Whyte. Deaths of Journalists.— Two oi ifae best-known figures in the Victims journalistic world have passed away witlm a few boors of each other, in the persons a Messrs. David Blair and G. N. Oakley. Be former was one of the earliest pioneered tta press in Victoria. Arriving in Sydney h 1850, he became associated with the late & Henry .Partes in founding the Eetyireaem- paper, which had but a short career. Two years later Mr. Blair came to Melboma, where he has ever since been associated nti various newspapers, and amongst other works published a " History of Am- tralasia and a "Cyclopedia of A® tralia." He was an ardent politiom. and on two occasions was retumeo to Pariiament. He was an onuuvunss I reader, and in this way he became useful « a " literary detective,'' in which capacity M did starling work. Notably his exploits convicting a Presbyterian clergyman of ti theftof en essay which he had been palmte off as his own in varions places, the orignw and toe ranted copy being published in B Argot together. Lately Mr. Blair has not taken an active part in public matters, ant he died on Sunday at the advanced sse# I 79 yeara. . The other death is that of Mr. G. N. Oakley, who has also for many yem been intiritately connected with Melboum" journalism, more especially as correspond® for':ra»y- <iountry papers. The DatnreK Ha work brought him into daily contW with pcditicians, and he has probably as- risted at toe" births and deaths of m"1 fiocoesaTB IlioSkaes ttixm &ny; pressrowi so left in Melbourne. He died on Saturday st thB comporatively early age of 52 yeara Victoria. Ajsatkpb Turf Club- The "opening day's meeting of tlie Victinsn Amateur Turf Club's autumn meeting « very Bacoririrdon Saturday. There «s» large atUndsnce and the course wns inffm orfe. Condiment, 8.1, won the Ah> Strices, Tttma, 7.2, second and Tremardffli 8.12, third. The Watrein Hurdle Bace u oyrapriated by lramoo, 10.7, who starB" favourite at 7 to ft witii Chartreuse, 9-u (earned 9.4) second and Barton, 10-2. Bobedil, A12, was a strong even note Uypnritefor toe Second Caulficld Fntaotf Stokes,' seven -furiongs, and justified « ooofidenoe of iris backers by rompiuR ire easy wtonnr "S5, JftLIn limh. 38«eo. Hyena, W/V d.tottltoM'..to|ialisbury Steeple ltoukfewtoAfetHn Eumeralla, 9.13, BostedojJffO.toird. TheKooyoug Hw« imp yriSBha to North British, 30.3, renn wpgteSito the low type IftoftoritimmUy oraviog for- dnnfcj tolte influeo act from ute |»imt':fay reasoo, never, even " i g.-JWments, htorg to ed WM .oww Bfeadard. He 'StfaViciowd fariore the 1 _ Hall Hotel from which he haff juat pre- viously been ejected-for makiiig too much noise, when CoastaHe Aiapis a wauit of coDsideratidh »perteiifing tsrhia. office, cut the iectura -ghott m removinetiie lecturer. When the euurt oakef this joker where he iivea, he replied, Wdl; your Worship;- I "live In Loudon when I am there." Both defendMilB were con victed and <lischarged. Sale op Pi»pehty,--JIessrs. Smith and Co., J>y (hrir'jkucti&ueer;, Mr. Smith, of Casterton, eubuutted ro public auction at the Victoria Hotel, Hamilton, da Saturday, allotment ,7, eeotion39, contain ing 1 rood and 32 perches. The block of land is adjoining St. Mary's R. C. echoed, and has a frontage to Lonsdale and Claien- don-streete. It is part of the .estate left by the late Robert M'Leau, and bring so. centrally situated itattracted a number xJ people who felt inclined tophrchase if they could do so at what they eonridered ..a .fair value. The bidding was .brisk .and in -a very short time the land was knocked down ton member of the M'Lean family at the price of £59. The Yabra Tragedy. v-The trial of the persons charged with the .murder of Mabel Ambrose, the victim of the boot trunk tragedy,, will commeuce in the Criminal "Court,' -Melbourne, tomorrow, before the Chief Justice and a jury of 42. ' In view of the excitement created by the incidents connected with the case, it is an ticipated that -there will "be "an unusual crowd of persons anxious to witness the pro ceedings, and the eheriff has consequenfly issued instructions . that sdmisnidn . to ' tire court will be by card only. Bowung. — The . Hamilton -bowlers will iommewto Portland tofobrrow to nlav a match against the seasjders. Hay will commence at -2 o'clock- The following rinks will represent . .Hamilton.: — Oavenagn (captu), WigginB, Walker and H. Kippou M'Luckie (capt), Wataon, wAIiameon aud Cameron; Learraonth (ti), G. Rippon jon., M'Donald 'and Uren ; Routfodge (capt.), Short, Westacott and Row. Emer gencies — Tatlock and Rrid. A Honeymoon Tragedy. — Par ticulars ..of an- inexplicable tragedy which occurred on'- a htmeywoon are cabled toa - Melbourne paper fton Auckland, N.Z., Drom theselt appears that the dead bodies' ; of a man audawomanwere found on Sun- day in "a bedroom at the Royal Hotel, Palmerston North. ' - Both had been shot by a revolver, which was lying alongside the bodies. The man's name, according to letters foiutd on him, was W. D. M'Kean. The victims wore man and wife. Tbey were each about 25 years old, and were on their honeymoon. From letters left in the room, it appears that for some unknown cause they resolved to pnt an end to their lives. One letter written by the wife, " ap parently " at ' the husband's dictation, was addressed to his parents, and said — " I ask you not to give way, as what is to be will be. Rest assured, dear wife and I will be at rest. If the world should charge , me with cowardice don't loose .faith in me, as I sacrificed my life for a purpose," and would not bear the brunt, this world alone' knowinp what trust and frith she has in me." Then followed in the man's writing — " There isone thing my dear wife desires, and thatiisthattve both beburied together, not that I deserve it, but /do it for my dear wife's sake." He also left a note for bis wife's parent asking forgiveness for his crime, adding, " 1 am fully aware of its sin fulness, but I bear it bravely. It was for a good purpose, however dark things may look." From appearances M'Kean seems to have first shot his wife behind each ear, and then blown bis own brains ont. Hospital Cohmittemen as Con- teactors.— The objections raised by the Government to members of the hospital com- mittee acting as contractors to the hospital has been brought up again at a meeting at the Horsham hospital committee, a letter from the nnder-fcreastire«> « taring that Sir George Turner was -distinctly of the opinion that no caDt»ritof to the institution ought to be « number. This letter was eonridered \- at a meeting of 4he committee. Mr. Osborne said that the result would be to prevent good men from acting on the committee. The -president (Mr. Carroll) remarked that the same practice obtained in most places. The letter was simply received. Meeino.— Our correspondent writes: — At the police court on Friday (before Messrs, Enscoe, Smith and Rhodes, J'e.P. ) John M'Kenzie was charged by Constable Smedley with damaging a Window of the Colonial Rank by throwing a stone thereat on Saturday, the llthinst. - -Two lads gave evidence in this ease. The accused Said he remembered nothing of the occurrence, being the worse of liquor. The bench considered the lads had been tearing the accused, and the act of breaking a window was to a cer tain extent accidental. The case <was dis missed- Theaecqbedwaslurtherchaigedwitii using foul langnageTli a public' place. This was proved, and' in view of what the accused had already suffered in gaol since iris arrest, the bench mercifully sentenced him to another hour in the. watdrhqufie. The conrt then rose.- "» ' "Government Gazette." — The fol lowing notices appeared in Friday's Gazette : — Applications for liomnhs approved — Geo. Beavis jnn., 15a, Heywood; J- VP. Dale, 2r, Coleraine; Rachel Kijsteon, 368a, Dnk Drik ; Homy Balls, 16a, Wemkoo. Licenses and leases revoked or declared void — James' Bamford, 2r 7-10p, Yrfimba ; Michael Thos. White, 77C»i KRtar; Trans fer of leash— John -MT-Carthy to -Bridget M'Carthy, 477a, Kriadbro. Transfers of licenses — W. fcoF. T. Saigood, 45a, Warrabkook ; Jas. \Yhite to Edward White, la; Beerik. Bifle Shooting. — Oar Portland correspondent wired last niit that a match was fired there yesterday on the focal range between Merino and the Portland ntie Benior clnbs. It resultedin a win for Port land bv 112 points. A match between the junior teams of theEame clute -afepresulted in a win for Portland. " - . BeviewI— ' " TIuj ,35ptiri||iy C. E. Keary (MqthhenV"C%!|p1>f?pr) hardly realises the prmmse/sbis title. The jonrnalistic arena of a city like London must be a world in itself, embracing, as it does, men of high literary attainments, wedded to an intricate and up-to-date knowledge of events passing in every of the globe. ..We should expect that tear conversation wonld be on corresponding lines, bnt this is far from tfaa xaaq, .if - Mr. t Keary is to be taken as an accurate guide. His book centrists chiefly of conversations between people alleged to . be literary, but they are in reality as insipid and coloprlera as that of the provtxbiri fivet clock- tea yonbgT Mtan. 3jfey inevitehly my life M Mr%Kewg; the interest of the reeder fo tee «remmng portions of the volume, the bookwifh retnotTaiat it ssfeflte bnt that it was ever commenped.y to The ghost. As a daily life offo«nHy «f gjashng witewn « a mirerilstieona , character, might be .-b -jjlevteoa; to the purples « WWMwsonriibutea University Sf 'rNt;. nbUc buildings in ®"tifon£ (fordens - . hitherto . . utilised ny tee Dnivsiiy Jorexainmation purposes uflL soon be reqoired by the Government, so that a ehangebf quarters must be made. tirat Ihe Univerrity can be honsed at.the lirqienri' Institnte nnder conditions JwtiiyjOfxte dignity ahd'aspfeations. The Princeiri Wales and the . governing council are willing, and the Fellows and founders of the . Imperial Institute ' vrill donbtless acquiesce; though nocessarily : their privi- hps mnst he to some extent curtailed. . Some of the other metropolitan educational organisations, notably University College, in Gower-street, are opposed to the pro posed removal of the University of Loudon to South Kensington,- bnt it is -thought that such opposition will not prevail Fastorausts' Bevtew.— The Aus tralasian Pastorriist's Review for February tolly maintains its high standard of excel lence. The number contains many well- written articles of special value to stock and station owners, together with a vast variety of general reading matter. Far- ticnlar attention is given to the review of the pastoral ritaataon in- the respective colonies, while the questions of Australian horses for India ana inoculation for tick fever are discussed in the leading columns. Several admirable illustrations accompany the issue. Royal Humane Society.— Out of the applications considered by the Royal Humane Society of Victoria the following award was made.: — Certificate tof merit — Edgar T. Little, bain of Bleasby and Co., Eipg-etreet, Melbourne, a commercial traveller, uged 25 years, Vho, near the. Wickliffe-road railway station,, got along, the footboard to the enaed's van. when the train -was going 30 mSIee.an hour, and in formed tbo guard -that a truck was derailed, end the - train was" polled ire 30 yards from a cattle-pit, on the 13th October, 1898. The Romance of Aluminum. — In " Naturae Historiarnm " (lib. 36, cap. 26), in white reference is made to an incident in Roman history which, up to the time of Sriote-CIaire Devflle, had been overlooked by edentiBts for -many centuries, it Ib re lated "by Pliny (23 a.o. to 79 a. a.) that dnring the reign of tee Emperor Tiberins (14 a.d. to 37 a-d-l a certain worker in metalsffefor) appeared at the priaee and showed a beautiful cup composed of a bril liant white metal that shone like silver. When the artificer was presenting it to tee Emperor be purposely dropped it on the floor of the chamber. The goblet was so braised by the fall that it seemed to be irretrievably injured ; bnt the workman took iris hammer, and in the pre- wence of the court repaired the damage with out delay. It was evident that this metal was not silver, though it bad almost the same brilliancy, besides bring much more ductile and considerably lighter. The Emperor questioned the artifioer closely, and learned from him that he had extracted the meia from an argSIaceons earth — probably the" "clay" known to modern chemists as alumina. Tiberius then asked if anyone besides himself knew the process, and re ceived the proud reply that tee secret was known ; only to himself and. Jupiter. This answer was sufficient. The Emperor had re- ; fleeted that if it were possible to obtain this metal from so common a substance as clay the valne of gold and silver would be greatly reduced, so he determined to avert ante a lamentable calastrophe. He caused tee workshops of the discoverer to be wholly destroyed, mid the luckless artificer was seized -and decapitated, so that iris secret might perish with him. - M. Sainte-Claire Deville had no doubt that this metal was aluminum, and he asserted that the wanton cruelty of Tiberins had deprived the world of this valuable metal, which remained ' un known for eighteen centuries. The extract ing of aluminum, discovered by the Roman craftsman in the first century of the Christian era, tens became one of the lost arts. The Fantouche Company. — On Saturday and Monday .evenings Ford and Herbert s Fantouche Company will give two of their unique entertainments in tee Hamilton Town Hall. The entertainment will commence with the English-American naval and military fantoccini. It is an- nounoed that appropriate scenery and magnificent dresses will be displayed. The latest up-to-date sentimental, comic and topical songs and dances wBl be rendered and executed, as well as mnsiqti sketches. . olioe", plantation difties »hd""teoruses, coon songs and instrnmental ; items, etc. A special feature will be an imposing tableau, "Sons of the Sea " — England and America united. Excavations in Pebsia. — Some wonderful discoveries have been brought to light in '/Persia -by a party of .French ex- ploretp, under Ihe/commandr of M. de Morgan, hitherto ".known chiefly by bis Egyptian researches. His latest discoveries, like ;teose of 'the late - George Smith in Babylon, possess ah riniveraal interest, because they .promise to throw a strong ride fight " on certain portions of the TCHiaal narrative. Hie vast tumuli white cover the remains of what was once the mag nificent city of Snsa, occupy a site which has "been known to history at three different periods. The first dates .from its alleged foundation by Etam, one of thegrandsons of Noah, and includes thereignbfChedorlaomer whose wars are described in the hook of Generis. The seooud.br Anxanite period, ter- minatingat about 650 u.c., when Snsa was en tirely destroyed by Assnrbann -pal, King of Assyria, is a complete blank in Asiatielustoty. The third is known as that of Arehememdes who bnilt apleudid palaces, the remains of white werereoentJy dihcoveredbyMadame Duulafoy, exeavatte under her direction,und now adorn the museum of tee Louvre, in Paris. What M. dp Morgan has dime has : beento go downbriow tiiese rnins, and to reach teose of tee primitive city. To do this he has cat .fourteen trenches and re moved 2500 square yards of earth, and has been rewarded by finding thousands of bricks coveted with cuneiform inscriptions. These comprise a list of thelast kings of tee realm daring the Anzani to period ; .and, be sides these; the nsmes.of kings and dynasties running back to an immense antiquity.. Among other .-tablets . alighted npon- was a bronze tablet containing . nearty twenty human figure in kj' -nlief, one of them, bring a king -and the others his warriors. . As thebistery.of Snsa is related to that of the first centnrire of -civilisation in .teat part of Asia, these discoveries promise to bring ns face to tooe with a .most ii<teresei"E period intee developmentof tee human race: , A photograph -of the .bronze shows teat the figures denote a remarkable knowledge qf the art of modelling, and are fc teperior to tee Arteaie scqlpthre . of toMfireeqe:: : "gv-v ; y. : C.Y.M.R.i qnarteriy. torial fiikee place behiMHjitheVamtoob pridayeveninjgBext. - . . \- TlB-towh btodwillplwip the.bptamcai j gajfiens1 "to-morioTWe%sday) eyening j firomB to 9.15, wetiier permitting. J 1 A concert and ball wfil bejheltL in the Jntewkme iB-taught,-in adflittohto' a'num bar in white bote Englii -hnd Uritio are -. U;.! "'.jteMBfl ItyawnMrthr >»>»«» as eariy as 700b.c. .Thwere made English apprehension of the vast Ariatic armies to be . organised by RussilE is un founded. Russia fears fa> arm her Ariatic subjects, and has not at this moment two thousand ahxifiuy troops. \- Tbe -de«thBTon railways in .tee United Kinjgdom for- six months numbered 546, and : 2797 persons were injured. The killed in cluded 66 passengers. Sevmity persons oom- mitbed 'Suicide .on rafiways. " The Hon, Tbos. Dowling, ALLC., trill to:morrow -evening deliver a lecture in the town hall on the Sniplos Wealth Tax pro posals. All are invited to attend. Mr. D. Laidlaw will take tee chair. . . Mr. Robt. titapylton Bree and Co. dis posed by anctioh at the "Victoria Hotel on Saturday of the publican's booth at tee St. Patrick's Day's sports for £25.. to Mr. Martin Hynes, of tee Grange Family Ho'tel. A shocking totality occurred at Ararat on Saturday on tee railway line, near Mooney's . gap. Three railway employes were engaged in burning off the grass along the line, when one of them, Timothy Krilackey, who was some distance from his mates, got surroun ded by tee fire, and was so severely burned that he died an bom- after his admission to the Ararat hospital. The deciding cricket match between Ham ilton and Branxholme will take place on the ground of . the latter next Satnrday.' The Hamilton players will leave by the morning train, and will be. chosen from the following, viz. : — Ingram, Cooke, Shepherd, Lord, Melville (3b Rippon (2), Hordacre, Ferricr, Moon, i Kronen, and Whitehead. . - A" number of disreputable tearactera from ; Melbourne caused considerable trouble at the Creswick races on Fkiday. First teey j made a raid upon the gates, knocking gate- -' keepera and officials over, and- about 30 gained adnusrion to the course without payment, and teen .started betting. Most -of them wbro called upon to pay np could not" or would not do so/and received very rough handling from the bettors. 