AND THE IRON S KEY. CHAPTER VI. MY mother and I walked home together by way of the cliffs. We were both Bilent. My heart ached to tell the whole story, and prove that my tale of the Mary Jane was no wanton lie; but fear restrained me. My mother was busy with her own thoughts. She bad seen, I knew, the glance of intelligence which the stranger gave me; she guessed that his story was a lie and that I knew it. What she could not guesB was the horror that held my tongue fastened as with a padlock. So, both busy with bitter thoughts, we walked in silence to Lantrig. The evening meal Was no better. My f»od choked me, and afcer a struggle I was forced to leave it almost untouched. But when the fire was stirred, the candles lit, and I drew my footstool as usual to her feet by the hearth, the old room looked BO warm and cosy that my pale fears began to vanish in its genial glow. I had possessed myself of the " Pilgrim's Progress," and the volume, a dumpy octavo, lay on my knee. As I read the story of Christian and Apollyon to its end, a new courage fought in me with my morning fears. " In thiB combat no man can imagine unless ho has and heard as I did, what yelling and hideous roaring Apollyon made all the time of the fight: he spake like a dragon; and on the other Bide, what sighs aud groanB burst from Christain's heart. I never saw him all the while give so much as one pleasant look, ' till he perceived he had wounded Apollyon with his two-edged sword: then indeed he did smile and look upward ! but it was the most dreadfullest sight that ever I saw," I glanced up at my mother, half resolved. She was leaning forward a little and gazing into the fire, that lit up her pale face and wonderful eyes with a sympathetic softness. I can remember now how sweet she looked and how weary—that tender figure outlined in warm glow against the stern, dark room. And all the time her heart was slowly breaking with yearning for him that came not. I did not know it then ; but when does childhood know or understand the Buffering ef later life ? I looked down upon the page once more, turned back a leaf or two and read : "Then did Christain begin to be afraid, and to cast in his mind whether to go back or to stand his ground. But he considered again that he had no armour for his back, and therefore thought that to turn his back to him might give him greater advantage, wiih ease to pierce bis darts ; therefore he resolved to venture and stand his ground." " I'come on them in bed sometimes, and sometimes from behind." The words of my Apollyon came across my mind. Should I speak and seek counsel ?—What was that ? It was a tear that fell upon my hand as it lay across my mother's lap. Since the day when father left us I had never seen her weep. Was it for my deceit ? I looked up again and saw that her eyes were brimming with sorrow. My doubts end ffare were forgotten. I would speak and tell her all my tale. ' Mother.' Somewhat ashamed of being discovered, she dried her eyes and tried to smile—a poor pitiful smile, with the verieBt ghost of joy in it. ' Yes, Jasper.' ' IB Apollyon still alive ?' ' He stands for the powers of evil, Jasper and they are always alive.' ' But, I moan, doeB he walk about the world like a man ? Is he really alive.' ' Why, no, Jasper. What nonsense has got into your head now ?' ' Because, mother, I met him to-day. That iB, ho said he was Apollyon, and that he would come and carry me off if ' Half apprehensive at my boldness, I cast an anxious look arouud as I spoke. Nothing met my eyes but the familiar furniture and the dancing shadows on the wall, until their gaze fell upon the window, and reBted there, whilst my heart grew suddenly stiff with terror, and my tongue clave to my mouth. As my voi^e broke off suddenly, mother glanced at mo in expectation. Seeing my fized stare and dropped jaw, she too looked at tho winaow, then started to her feet with a shriek. Bor there, looking in upon us with a wicked smile, WSB the white face of the sailor Rhodojani. For a second or two, petrified with horror, we stood staring at it. The evil smile flickered for a moment, baring the white teeth and lighting the depths of those wolfish eyes; then, with a fiendish laugh, vauished in the darkness. He had, then, told the truth when ho promised to haunt me. Beyond the shock of mortal terror, I was but little amazed. It seemed but natural that he should come as he had threatened. Only I was filled with awful expectation of his vengeance, and stood aghast at the consequences of my rashness. By instinct I turned to my mother for protection. But what ailed her ? She had fallen hack in her chair, and was etill staring with partod lips at the dark pane that a minute ago had framed the horrid countenance. When at last she epoko, her words were wild and meaningless, with a dreadful mockery of laughter which sent a swift pang of apprehension to my heart. ' Mother, it is gone. What is the matter ?' Again a few meaningless syllables and that awful laugh. And so throughout that second awful night did she mutter and laugh, whilst I, helpless and terror-stricken, strove to soothe her and recall l^er to speech and sense. The alow hours dragged by, and «till I knelt before her waiting for the light. The slow clock sounded tho hours, and still she gave no sign of understanding. The mice crept out of tbeir accustomed holes and jumped back startled at her laugh. The fire died low aud tho candles died out; the wind moaned outside, the tamarisk branches swished againBt the pane; the huBh of with its intervals of mysterious sound, held the house; but all the time she never ceased to gaze upon the window, and every now and then to mutter words that were no echo of her mind or voice. Daylight, with its premonitory chill, crept upon us at last, but oh, how slowly ! Daylight looked in and found us as that cruel sight had left us, help less and alone. But with daylight came courage. Had there been neighbours near Lantrig I should have run to summon them before, but Polkimbra was the nearest habitation, and Polkimbra was almost two miles off, across a road possessed by horrors and perhaps tenanted by that devilish face. And ho w could I leave my mother alone ? But now that day had come I would run to Lizird Town and see Uncle Loveday. I slipped on my boots, unbolted the door, cast a last look at my mother- still sitting helpless and vacant of soul, and rushed from the house. The sound of her laughter rang in my ears as the door closed behind me. WeaV, haggard and wild of aspcct, I ran and stumbled along the cliffs. Dead Man's Rark lay below wrapped in a curtain of mist. Thick clouds were foiling up from senward ; the grey light of returning day made sea, sky and land seem colourless and wan. But for me there was no Bight but Polkimbra ahead. As I gained the little village I r*n down the hill to the " Lugger" and knocked upon the door. Heavens ! how long it was before I was answered. At last the landlady's head appeared nt an upper window. With a few words to Mrs. Buavurgus, which caused that worthy soul to dress in haete with many ejaculations, I raced up the hill again and across the downs for Lizird Town. My strength was giving way ; my head swam, my sides ached terribly, my lege almoet refused to obey my will, and a thousand lights danced and sparkled before my eyes, but etill I kept on, now staggering, now stumbling, but still onward, nor stopped until I stood before Uncle Loveday s door. There nt last I fell ; but luckily against the door, so that in a moment or two 1 becanio conscious of Aunt Elizabeih sUniing over mo and regarding me as a culprit caught red handed in some atrocious crime. 'Hoitytoity : Whnt's tho matter now f \Vhy, it's Jasp-r ! Well, of all the freaks, to come knocking us up! What's tho matter with the boy? Jasper, what ails you ?' Incoherently I told mj' story, at first to Aunt Elizabeth alone, but presently, inansner to her call, Uncle Loveday came down to hear. Tho pair stood silent mid wondering. Thoy were not elaborately dressed. Aunt Elizabeih, it ie true, was smothered from head to foot in a gigantic Inverness cape, that might have been my uncle's were it not obviously too large for that little man. Ber nightcap, on the other hand, was ostentatiously her own. No other woman would have had strength of mind to wear such a head dress. Uncle Love day's costume was even more singular ; the first time I saw him without a single brass button, and for the first time I understood how much he owed to those decorations. HiB first wordB were— ' Jasper, I hope you ore telling me the truth. Your mother told me yesterday of some oock-and-bull Btory concerning the Anna Maria or some such vessel. I hope this ie not another such case. I have told you often enough where little boys who tell falsehoods go to.' My white face must have been voucher for my truth on this occasion; for Aunt Elizabeth cut him short with the siDgle work " Breakfast," and hauled me into the little parlour whilst the pair went to dress. As I waited, I heard the sound of the pony without, and presently, Aunt Elizabeth returned in her ordinary costume to worry the omall sorvant who laid breakfast. Whether Uncle Lotoday ever had that meal I do not know to this day, for whilst it was being prepared I saw him get into the little carriage and drive off towards Lantrig. I was told that I could not go until I had eaten ; and so with a sore heart, but no thought of disobedience, I turned to breakfaBt. The meal had scarcely begun when tho door opened and Master Thomas Loveday sauntered into the room. Master Thimas Loveday, a youth of some eight summers, war, in default of a homo of his own, qunrtorcd permanently upon my uncle, whose brother's son he was. His early days bad been spent in India. After, however, both father and mother had succumbed to the climate of Madras, he was Bent home to England, and had taken root in Lizard Town. Hitherto, lis life had been oue long lazy slumber. Whenever we were Bent, on his rare visits to Lantrig, to "play together," ae old ago always rudely puts it, his invariable rule had been to go to sleep on the first convenient spot. Consequently his presence embarrassed me not a little. He was a handsome boy, with blue eyes, long lashos, fair hair, and a gentle habit of Bpeech. When I came to know him bettter, I learnt tbe quick wit and subtle power that lay beneath his laziness of manner ; but at present the soul of Thomas Loveday slept. He was certainly not wide awake when he entered tho room. With a sleepy nod at mo, and no trace of surprise at my presence, he pursued his meal. Occasionally, as Aunt Elizabeth put a new question, he would regard her with a long stare, but otherwise gave no sign of animation. This finally so exasperated my aunt that she addressed him— *' Thomas, do not stare.' Thomas looked mildly surprised for a moment, and then inquired, 'Why not?' 'Doos the boy think I'm a wild Indian ?' The question was addressed to me, but I oould not say, so kept a discreet silence. Thomas relieved me from my difficulty by answoring, ' No,' thoughtfully. 'Then why stare ao ? I'm sure I don't know what boys are made of nowadays.' 'Slugs and snails and puppy-doge' tails,' was the dreamy answer. 'Thomas, how dare you. I should like to catch the person who taught you such nonsense, I'd teaoh him 1' ' It was Uncle Loveday,' remarked the innocent Thomas. There was an awful panse; which I broke at length by asking to be allowed to go. Aunt Elizabeth saw her way to getting rid of the offender. ' Thomas, you might walk with Jasper over the downB to Lantrig. It will be nice exercise for you.' ' It may be exercise, aunt, but ' ' Do not answer me, but go. Where do you expect little boys will go to, who are always idle ?' ' Sleep ?' hazarded Thomas. • Thomas, you shall learn the whole of Dr. Watts's poem on the sluggard before you go to bed this night.' At this the boy slowly rose, took his cap, stood before her, and solemnly repeated the whole of that melancholy tale, finishing the last line at the door and gravely bowing himself out. I followed, awestruck, and we set out in silence. At first, anxiety for my mother possessed all my thoughts, but presently I ventured to congratulato Tom on his performance. ' She has read it to me so often,' replied he, ' that I can't help knowing it, I hato Dr. Watte, and I love to go to sleep. I dream such jolly things. Sleep IB over so much nicer than boing awake, isn't it ?' I wanted sleep, having had hut little for two nights, aud could thorefore agree with him. ' You get such jolly adventures whon you dream,' said Tom, reflectively. I had been rather surfeited with adventures lately, BO hold my peace. ' Now, real lifo is so dull. If one could only meet with adventures ' I caught the sound of wlie; Is behind U6, and turned round. We had struck off the downs on to tho lii^h road. A light gig with one occupant waB approaching us. As it drew noar the driver hailed us. ' Hullo! lads, is this the road for Polkimbra ?' The speaker was a short, grizzled, seafaring man, with a kind face and good-humoured mouth. He drove execrably, and pulled his quiet nmre right back upon her haunches. I answered that it was ' Are you bound for there ? Yes ? Jump up then. I'll give you a lift.' I looked at Tom ; he, of course, WSB ready for anything that would save trouble, so we clambered up beside the stranger. ' There was a wreck there yosterday, I've heard,' said lie, after we had gone a few yards, ' and an inqueBt, and, by the tale I heard, n lot of lies told.' I ttarted. The man did not notice it, but continued— ' Maybe you've hoard of it. Well, it's a rum woild, and a fine lot of lies gets told every day, but you dnn't often get BO accomplished a liar ns that chap —what's his name ? Blessed if I can tacklo it; not but what il'B another lie, I'll wager.' I was listening iutently. He continued more to himself than to us— ' An amazing liar, though I wonder what his game was. It beats me ; beats me altogether. The 'James and Elizabeth,' says he, as large as life. I take it the follow couldn't 'a been fooling who brought the news to Falmouth. Didn't know me from Adam, and was fairly put about when he Baw how I took it, and, says IK 1 , 1 'twas the James and Elizabeth the chap Baid, as sure ae I slaud hero.' Boy, do you happen to know the name of tho vessel that ran ashore here, night afore last?' I had grown accustomod to being asked this dreadful question, and therefore answered aB bravely as I could. ' Tho James and Elizabeth, sir.' ' Captain's Damo ? ' Captain Antonius Merrydew.' ' Ah, poor chap ! He was lying sick bo'ow when sho struck, wasn't he? And ho had a wife aboard, and a child born at sea, hadn't he ? Fell sick in the Hay o' Biscay, like any land-lubbor, didn't he? Why,'tis like play-actin'; damme! 'tis better than that.' With this the man burst into a Bhout of laughter aud slapped his thigh until his face grew purple with merrimont. ' What d'ye think of it, boys, for a raro farce? Was ever the likes of it hoard ? Captain Antonius Merrydew Bick in tho Bay o' Biscay! Ho ho.' Whore's play-actin' beside it?' ' Wasn't it tiue, sir ?' ' True ? God bless the boy ! Look me in the face; look me in the face, and thon ask me if it's true.' ' But why should it not be true, sir ?' ' Because I am Captain Antonius Merrydew !' For the rest of the journoy I sat stunned. Thomas beside me was wide awake and staring, seeing his way to an adventure at last It was I that dreamed—I heard without comprehension the rest of the captain's tale:—how he had como, after a quick pasBago from Ceylon, to Falmouth with the barque Jamos and E izabeth, just in time to hear of this monstrous lie; how he was uumarried, and never had a day's illness in his life ; how, suspocting foul play, ho had hired a horse and gig with a determination tr drive over to Polkimbra and learn the truth ; bow a horse and gig wore the most cursedly obstinato of crcated this; with much besides in the way of oaths and ejaculations. All this I must have heard, for memory brought them back later ; but I did not listen. My life and circumstances had got the upper hand of me, and were dancing a devil's riot. At last, after much tacking and porting of helm, we navigated Polkimbra Hill and cast anchor before the " Lugger." There .we alighted, thanked the captain, and left him piping all hands to the horse's head. His cheery voice followed us down to the sands. We had determined to cut across Polkimbra Beach and climb up to Lantrig by Ready- Money Cliffs, as in order to go along the path above the cliffs we should have to ascend Polkimbra Hill again. Tho beach was so full of horror to me that without a companion I could not have crossed it; but Tom's presence leut me courage. Tom was nearer to excitement than I had ever seen him; he grew voluble; praised thb captain, admired his talk, and declared adventure to be abroad in the air—in fact, threw up his head as though he scented it. YeB, adventure was in the air. It was not exaotly to my taste, however, nor did the thought of my poor mother at home make me more sympathetic with Tom's ecstasy; so whilst he chat-, tered I strode gloomly forward over (he beach. The day was drawing towards noon. October was revelling in an after-taste of summer, and smiled in broad glory over beaoh and sea. A light breeze bore eastward a few fleecy clouds, and the waves danced and murmured before its breath. Their salt scent was in our nostrils, and the glitter of the sand in our eyeB. Black and Bombre in the clear air, Dead Man's Rock rose in gloomy isolation from the sea, while the sea-birds swept in glistening circleB round its summit. But what was that at its base ? Seemingly, a little knot of men stood at the water's edge. As we drew nearer I could distinguish their formB but not tbeir occupation, fur they stood in a circle, intent on some object in their midst concealed from our view. Presently, however, tbey fell into a rough line as though making for the archway to Ready-Money Cove. Something they carried among them, and continually stooped over ; but what it was I could not see. Their pace was very BIOW, but they turned into the arch and were disappearing, when I caught sight of the uncouth little figure of Joe Roscorla among the last, and ran forward, hail ing him by name. At the sound of my voice Jue started turned round and made a slow pauso; then, with a few words to his neighbor, came quickly towards me. As bo drew near, I saw his face was white and h<s manner full of embarrassment; but lie put on a smile, and Bpoke first— ' Why, JaBper, what be doin' along here?' ' I'm going home. Has Uncle Loveday Been mother? And is sl e hotter?' 1 Aw iBS, he've a seen her an' sho be quieter; leastways, he be bound to do her a -power o' good. But what be goin' back for ? 'Tain't no uso botherin' iudoors wi' our mother in thick? wisht state. Run about and get snmo play.' ' What were you doing down by the Rock just now, Joe ?' Joe hesitated for a while; stammered, and then said, ' Nuthin.' ' But, Joe, you were doing some thing; what were you carrying over to Ready-Money ?' ' Look-ee here, my lad, run an' play, an' doan't ax no questions. 'Tain't for little boys to ax questions. Now I comes to think of it, Doctor said as you was to stay over to Lizard Town, 'cos there ain't no need of a passel of boys in a sick houBe; so run along back.' Joe's voice had a cuiious break in it, and his whole bearing was so unaccount- able that I did cot wonder when Tom quiotly said— 'Joe ynu're telling lies.' Now Joe was, in an ordinary way, the BOul of truth ; so I looked for an explosion. To my surprise, however, he took no notice of the iusult, but turned again to me— ' Jasper, lad, run along back: do'ee now.' His voice was eo full of entreaty that a sudden suspicion took hold of me 'Joe, is—has anything happened to mother ?' ' Noa, to be sure: she'll bo gettin' well fast enough, if BO be as you let her be.' ' Then I'll go and see Uncle Loveday, and find out if I am really to go back.' I made a motion to go, but he caught me quickly by the am. ' Now Jasper, doan't 'ee go : run back, I tell'ee—run back—I tell'ee you must go back.' His words were so earnest and full of command that I turned around and faced him Something in his oyos filled me with sickening fear. ' Joe, what were you carrying ?' No answer. ' Joe, what were you carrying ?' Still no answer; but an appealing motion of the hand. ' Joe what waa it ?' ' Go back !' he said hoarsely. ' Go back!' ' I will not, until I have Been what you were carrying.' ' Go back, boy! for God's sake go back!' I wrenched myself from his grasp, and ran with all speed. Joe and Tom follwed me but fear gave me fleetness. Behind me I could hear Joe's panting voice crying, ' Come back!' but th-j agony in his tone set me running faster. I flew through the archway, and saw the small procession half way across the cove. At my shout they halted, paused, and one or two advanced as if to stop me. But I daBhed through their hands into their midst, and saw—God in heavon ! What? The drowned faco of my father. Tenderly as women they liftod me fr.im the body. Gently and with tear- stained faces, they stood around and tried to comfort me. Reverently, while Joe Roscorla hold mo in his arms behind, they took up the corpee of him they had known and loved so well, and carried it up the cliffs to Lantrig. AB they lifted the latch and bore the body across theshold, a yell of maniac laughter echoed through the huuse to the very roof. And this was my father's " Welcome Home!" Nay, not all; for as Uncle Loveday started to hie feet, the door behind him flew open, and my mother all in white, with very madness in her eyes, rushed to the corpse, knelt caught the dead, hand, kissed and fondled the dead face, cooing and softly laughing the while with tender rapture that would have moved hell itself to pity. In this manner it was that these two fond lovers met. (TO BE CONTINUED). Two well-known professional golfers were playing a match. We will call them Sandy and Jock. On one side of the golf course was a railway, over which Jock drove the ball, landing it in some long grass. They both hunted for a long time for the missing ball. Sandy wanted Jock to give in and say the ball was lost, but Jook would not consent, as a lost ball meant a lost hole. They continued to look round, and Jock slyly dropped another ball, and then came back and cried, I've found the ba', Sandy.' ' Ye're a leear,' said Sandy, ' for here it's in ma poooh.' BSF" All classes of produce of primest sorts can be obtained from P. J. M'Cauley, Farmers' Agency. One pound a day is said to be the most that an organ-grinder ever takes, while, with some exceptions, 5s is about the least, so that a London organ- grinder may be regarded as a fairly prosperous man. An organ can be hired from the makers from 1/6 a day, while the price of a new organ is ^25. The cost of setting an organ to new tunes is about £4, and, since novelty is essential, this is a frequent source of expense. 