CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR NOTES. [Published by Special Anancement.] [Ail communications for ibis column io be forwarded to tit- "Superintendent, of iho l'ress IVpartnieci,"- C.E. Otti.-^, Beaionsaeld Buildings. Kotxs published in "The Evening Journal" every Wocnesda;. .J ADIXAim: DISTRICT UNION. The city Societies met on Tuesdav, .June 20, in Draper Memorial Hall to hold the annual meeting of their Union. In opening, the Vit-e-i'resident, Be v. W. A. Potts, who occupied the chair, referred to the .ihsoncc of the President, Dr. Torr, from the colony, and extolicd his action in introdutii:;; at the previous annual meeting the; now well-known book "in His C-teps,'' and giving as tho motto for the year the words. "\\\ hat would Jesus do." The "Baby Socitty" of the district, Pirie-stveet .Junior Girls; was welcomed into ihe Union. The annual report, presented by Mr. T. ii. Harris, Union Secretary, showed a total of 3,131 members (.751 active, 246 a.-.-.->eiatc, and 11C honorary), an increase of sixty lor the yeai-._ Twenty-eight Societies were'now in the Union, of which one was .Senior, fifteen were V.J 1 ., and twelve Junior. Twenty-live Associates had become Actives. Steady work had been done in all departments. About £114 had been raised by the Societies for foreign mission purposes. In connection with home mission work, open-air meetings had been held in various parts, and the Park Lands crusade work carried out. Christian citizenship and junior work had received attention. Eallies had been hold and Societies visited. Monthly prater meetings had been held, with an average attendance of about twenty-five. The Treasurer's statement presented by Air. E. J. Stuekey showed a credit balance of £5 15s.. 3d. Secretary Ranis announced, that the officers for the ensuing year were:— President, Her. \V. A. Potts; Vice-President, Mr. ii. Lentil all: Treasurer, Mr. H. G. Wright; Secretary. Mr. A. Morphc-tt; and Assistant Secretary. Jlr. \V. Simmons. Pir-v. J. G. Raws., of Flinders-street Baptist Church, spoke, viewing the Christian Endeavour movement u-o.ti the standpoint of its founder. Dr. Clark. He retciTed io the statesmanlike manner in which Dr. C-ark had always- led the Endeavour cause, mentioning especially the Graduate Department recently suggested by him. Mr. Haws stated that in reply to 1.000 postcards recently sent out by' Dr. Clark the following facts had been elicited: —That 59 per cent, of Endeavourers against 27 per cent, of non-Endcavourers regularly attended the week evening services of their Churches, also SO per com. of En-i de.avoui.-ers against 27 pc-r cent, of non-Endcavyureis were present at the Sunday et^'tiing services. Mr. Raws earnestly appealed to the members In no wise to put ibc Christian Endeavour fir.-r ;m.i Church second. The new President, Rev. \Y. A. Paris, in his address gave as a watchword for the year "Conquering; and. to Conquer." 17c .-tated (11 T!;;;t our Christ has conquered: i2l Christ is conquering: (31 Christ shall coiiijUcr. l!cv. W. G. Marsh, of St. Luke's, Church of England, followed with a most inspiring and earnest address on "Vessels for the lloly Ghost.' 7 God must have clean and pure vessels in which to dwell and through which to be seen. lie urged the 1-mdeavoui-ers to make use of the •splendid illuminating power of God's Spirit in order that liicu might, through ihe clearness of their shining, glorify God. Pastor Smith, who was on 1 he platform, postponed his remarks until a future occasion. Mr. A. Morphett, who succeeds Mr. T. P.. Harris in the Secretaryship, was welcomed into his oliice. THE JUNIORS. AVoodville Junior Society is in spleadid working order: <5 active and 17 as,sjciates have been added to the roll during the last Ojiiurtm-, and IS children have been presented with a C.E.-b?dge for good a^tendanc and punetu.il-ty. Flowers, with a iext attached. ore brought every Sunday mo'.-ting. and tsken to sick friends: 10s. 6d. has beer, sent to ZSew Guinea Orphanage, and 5s. to the leper chtldivi, front penny collections. A collection of toys, hooks, cards. Ac.. ha.s •ilso bec-;i forwarded to the leper children. Portions of Scripture are laamed eac-h week rind repented at toe meetings. To make daily BibJc-re.iding iv.oi? cerlain cach child has been supplied with a daily verse book. Albsrton Wcsieyan Juniors have three committeesi — Prayer, Sunshine, and Missionary. Tiie Sunshine have been doing good wark in visiting homes, some of whose inmates are unable to attend Church, and a band ol" Juniors, with the Superintend Ent, go weekly and hold little meetings, having bright singing and prayer, and their visits •ire appreciated by the sick friends. Absentee Sunday-scholars arc also visited. SOCIETY ITEMS. The annual meeting of the Gawler Wcsleyan Society was recently held. The report showed the Society to he on the up-grade. T?evs. T. Eooney and O. .T. TUt.ten aMj Mr. Kennedy gave very- stimulating addresses. Tiie third annual meeting of the Rova' Park We.=!eya.n Society ivss attended by ahnut seventy persons, including fourteen deirgatrs from the Albcrton "Baptist, Rosewater P.M., and Glanviile. B.C. Societies. The Secretary's report snowed the membership to be the same as last year—eighteen active and three honorary. There bad been several > ^ i removals. i -iiit,i'r-. Good tTonrt work TYnr'-: had H.'fl been i-i.-pn done bv all tho committees, but especially by the Misisonary ar.d Flower Committees, whose members had visited the gambling schools which used to meet in the neighbourhood on Sunday afternoons, and had, after mar.y visits, succeeded in inducinc the lads to give up their practices. P.ev. B. S. Cascly gave a vert- helpful address. Tiie Secretary (Miss Millikan), who had been re-elected for the fourth time, was presented with a pretty C.E. brooch. 