THE BIJOU THEATRE. MR. DAiiriER'S IUULLT. It was rather a daring thing for Mr. Alfred Dampier to produce a Shakspearian drama, and particularly that of 'Hamlet,' on the boards of the Biiou. as he did on Friday night, because the expansiveness of that cosy little theatre has its limits; but the veteran author-actor ia a manager of much resource, and makes a speciality of the art of 'making the scenery fit the space.' Having been ousted from the Theatre Royal by 'Jack and the Bean stalk*' Mr. Dampier opened at the Bijou with a play of Pettitt's, and now returns to legitimate drama. It has become quite u custom of his to wind up with Shaks peare, or at least to produce one of tbe plays of the immortal bard during his sea son, perhaps as a sort of relief to his feel ings after a lapse into sensational modern melodrama. Mr. Dampier's Hamlet is not by any means unfamiliar to Adelaide play goers, aud therefore it is not necessary to enlarge upon his conception, which, bythe way, is the result of lung and careful study. It has found favour in America, and has not been adversely criticised here. He has a good physique, aud makes a handsome il somewhat too robust Prince. That pecu liar intonation of his, which has a tinge of sadness in it at the best of times, and seems to be a natural characteristic of Mr. Dampier, as we have detected in all his impersonations, comes rather fittingly in Hamlet's soliloquies, but he can rouse him self to vigorous declamation when he chooses. Vt e have had a long list of Ham lets in Adelaide— G. V. Brooke's and Mont gomery's scholarly interpretations, Fair dough's soldierly style, Bandmann's Ger manic idea, the claosic conceptions of Charles Warner, Miln, Walter Bentley, Kyrle Bellcw, and Wilson Barrett, and Mrs. Lewis's feminine presentment, not to speak of others— but will not make com parisons. Mr. Dampier sticks to the Scan dinavian features, making his Prince of Denmark a strong and stalwart heir to a historic throne, with a wealth of flaxen hair and a vigorous manner. It is neither a conventional nor yet a distinctive conoep tion. He is natural, free from exaggera tion in his demeanour, and consistent in the meditative attitude. In declamation he comes out effectively, particularly in the soliloquy 'Oh! what a rogue and peasant slave am I.' Passion is no/ wanting where the royal Dane is roused from his brooding melancholy, and in the scenes with Ophelia and tbe Queen last night be touched the chords of emotion, pathetic and scornful, with no uncertain band. We see little to cause us to alter our opinion of Mr. Dampier's Hamlet As previously expressed, it was a studiously careful inter pretation on his part/with certain man nerisms. We are inclined to think that Mr. Dampier's Hamlet would have gained for 'him more credit had he not been so much more familiar to playgoers as an actor in dramas like 'Robbery Under Arms' and 'His Natural Life,' in which he is more widely famed. A good perfor mance is sometimes marred by a habit he has of rattling off sentences at express speed. Age may not wither nor custom stale Mr. Dampier's infinite variety, but his Hamlet is getting somewhat portly, and a little trick of the voice that he has rather detracts from bis deliver-.-. That the ex cellent house last night appreciated his conception was proved by the dose atten-- tion bestowed npon the performance, and the mounting was quite up to the reputa tion lie has for staging his pieces in first daw cfattliion. The ghost scene was laid partly in the castle and parti}* on the sea ishore, with great breakers tumbling on the bead1 adding to the impressiveness of the scene. Mr. Edmund Holloway would have been- amoreeffectiveGhostifhe hadnotcome on covered from head to foot in a kind of bridal veil. One of the most effective Ghosts we have had in Adelaide was one which was made to emerge through the castle wall, as the masonry seemed to lose its substantial character and melt before the supernatural visitant— a weird effect. Mr. Johnson Weir made a most manly and picturesque young Laertes, a handsome cavalier, and we must commend Mr. Ford's Polouius; it was not a* senile old derelict, as some actors make, the father of Laertes, but a venerable, dignified, though some what garrulous Lord Chamberlain, as one expects the aged longbeard to be. Miss Rose Dampier, though overweighted with the part of Ophelia, gave a conscientious rendering, and reserved herself for the mad scene, in which she was very effective. Mr. Applston was a fairly rigorous and kingly Claudius, and Miss hatherine Ruivell bore herself exceedingly well as Gertrude in the chamber scene.. Mr. George Buller's First Gravedigger was a thoroughly good imper sonation, full of the dry, cynical humour of the old philosophical delver among dead men's bones. Mr. W. Howard Smith was cast as Horatio, Mr. Bruce as Rosencranz, Mr. C. G. Calvert as Guilderstcrn, and Mr. H. Forrest as Osric. The part of the Player Queen fell to Miss Clements, that of first player to Mr. Jatnieson, second player to Mr. Edwards, and Messrs. J. Kelly and Wymburn were the officers, doing 'their several parts with satisfaction. Indeed the company were well drilled, and the costuming was handsome. Taking it al together, 'Hamlet' was staged and pro duced far more effectivelr than one could have expected in so small a theatre. To-night Miss Lily Dampier will make her first appearance this season in the drama 'Everyday London.' An attractive programme for this even ing s continental concert at the Jubilee Ex ^W^onGai-deiis h^ been prepared. Mist Nellie 0 Sullivan Will sing Jones's 'The perfect life' and Adams's 'The Star ol Bethlehem:' and Mr. H. R. ' Holder Adams's 'My life for thee,' Tosti's 'Foi ever and for ever,' and Schubert's 'Th« wanderer.' Mr. Hopfs orchestra oi thirty-six performers will play Bilse's ''Pa rade march,' Keller's 'Rackocsy' over ture, Eilenberg s 'Mill in the forest,*' Me tra's 'Spanish serenade,' Mozart's 'Two minuets,' and Waldteufd*s 'Estudiantina' waltz. Through the good offices of the Tide Sur veyor, Mr. M. J. Cordon, Captain Richtcr, of the Imperial German mail steamer liar barossa, kindly allowed tbe ship's band to come ashore at the Semaphore on Friday evening, and in the presence of a large and enthusiastic gathering gave from the Rotunda on the beach a very pleasing selec tion of music, to the delight of those assem bled. It is hoped that entertainments of a similar character will be given in the future. During the evening the Mayor of the bemaphore entertained the visitors. The entertainment provided at the Troca dero w a great attraction to visitors, who enter fully, into the spirit of the perform ances. To-night a long list of special item* will be presented in new of the number of Snow visitors in town. 'Hurroo lor Casev' is to be staged for the first time, and Mr. John Tudor, for -whom it was specially written, is to take a prominent ]iart. ' As announced in our advertising columns this- morning the Board of Management of the Y.M.C.A. have arranged with Mr. Ed ward Reeves to give a dramatic recital, en tirely from memory, of Coulson Kernaban's realistic study in dipsomania, 'The Lite rary Gent.' Those interested in the grave question of inebriety, its ravages and its re striction, will- have placed before them in thrilling manner one ot tbe most powerful object-lessons it has ever been their lot to receive. The recital will take place in the Victoria Hall on Thursday, March 16, and will be supplemented by humorous items by the reciter and songs by Mr. J. J. Virgo. The plan of seats is now open at the Y.M.C.A. office. On Thursday evening, March 2, the mera -crs of the Rose Park Sunday-school Cric ket dub gave a concert in the Sunday school hall. There was a very large and appreciative attendance of friend* and sup porters. The Rev. Leonard Robjohn* pre sided. The following took part:— Misses Wittber. Cade, Torr. Prie»t, Dorraau, Broad bent, and Rose. Messrs. Ellis. Poole. Pank, Phillips. Woodroofc, Dean, and tbe Rose Park Schoolboys. The last of a series of marine excursions under the auspices of the Semaphore Boys' Club is announced for to-day. The tug Euro will leave Port Adelaide at 3 p.m. for Glenelg, calling at the Semaphore both ways. 