THE CARDINAL'S SERMON ON EASTER SUNDAY. WILL THE MAJORITY OF THE HUMAN RACE BE SAVED OR LOST? (to the editor, freeman's journal.) Sir, — 1 read in the last issue of the Catholic Press a brief outline of the Cardinal's sermon at St. Mary's on Easter Sunday, and it is consoling to Catholics who have to fight against all the allure ments of the world and the temptations of the flesh and the devil, to hear from so high an authority the opinion ' that of those within the Church very few will be lost.' But we must remember that Our Divine Lord tells us that ' manv are called, but few are chosen,' that 'wide is the gate and broad is the way that leadeth to destruction, and many there are who go in thereat ; but narrow is the gate and . strait is the way that leadeth to life, and few there are that find it.' And we have the terrible warn ing of the Holy Ghost in Eccles v., 8, in Proverbs i., 24, to those, even Catholics, who delay their conversion from day to day, and live in the hope of a death-bed repentance. We have such great authorities as St. Augustine, St- Gregory, St. Jerome, and many others, that 'men generally die .as they live, and he seldom dies well who lives ill ; the penance that is done by a sick man is sick, the penance done by a dying man, I fear, is al30 dead.' &c.; The writer of the review of the Cardinal's sermon goes on to say : ' On the who'e, those who analyse closely the teaching of Holy Writ, and read carefully the writings and interpretations of the Fathers cannot fail to look with hope to a glorious resurrection, though there seems to be no doubt but- some will be lost.' This would lead us to believe that the vast majority of the children of Adam will be saved, and in the previous sentence the writer refers to the descendants of Adam, or ' the human family.' It might be inferred from, the context that this is the Cardinal's opinion ; but we are not to hold the Cardinal responsible for opinions or statements as sometimes reported. in the Catholic Press. 1 am not a pessimist. We ought to have unlimited confidence in the mercy of God through the merits of Christ, who wishes all to be saved, and gives to the poor savage aboriginal suffi cient grace to observe the natural law and to merit salvation; but Holy Writ and the writings of the Holy Fathers would lead us to fear that the vast majority of the 'human family' will be lost. We cannot penetrate into the future. God, in the course of ages, if the world lasts so long, may convert all nations and peoples now buried in idolatry and in fidelity, and bring them to a belief in Christianity. But if we look to the past a very large population must have spread over the earth during the period before the Deluge, and yet only one family was saved. What was the state of the world when Christ came on earth ? Only a few chosen people of one little nation had faith in a true personal God or a belief in the coming of a Redeemer. What is the state of the human family at present with regard to their belief in the Trinity and Incarnation, with out which we are told in the Athanasian Creed, which the Church has accepted as orthodox, no one can be saved ? There are, let us say, in round numbers about 1,000,000,000 of people now in the world ; of these about 500,000,000 believe in some form of Christianity. This includes Catholics, Pro testants of all denomination, all the Oriental Schis matics ; now, if the world was to come to an end, what would become of the 550,000,000 of idolators, infidels, &c;, outside the pale of Christianity ? Would the overwhelming majority of those unfor tunate people be saved ? If we are to believe Holy Writ and the Fathers and the Church, these benighted children of Adam could never enter the , Kingdom of Heaven to enjoy the Beatific Vision. I do not intend to get into a theological controversy with your contemporary ; but; a Catholic paper ought to be cautious in giving rash opinions, parti cularly when they are put forward as coming from so high an authority as Cardinal Moran. A CATHOLIC. 