GENTLEMAN JACK'S LATE REPENTANCE. Sitting in a tavern on tho old village turn-' piko were threp men. They had beeu drivon 1 from city to city because of tbeir misdeeds and general bad character. Two wero heavy-looking, beetle-browed ruffians, with the surly, furtive expression which comes of long residence in oonviut prisons ; the third man, much younger than his companions, was of a different stump, more refined and intellectual, though his faee also bore tho impress of evil passions and riotous living. '* I've been done afore,' one sullen rascal was saying, between puffs at a short clay pipe, 44 and I ain't goiu' to be done again ' — puff— 11 if I knows it. I've marked tho crib puff — 14 it's all sereu®, But there's a lot of work — puff — an' a lot o' stuff. I couldn't carry a quarter of it, or I'd do tlie job myself. I must havo pals. Are you game ?' 44 Garno enough. Spotter,'* answered the youngest of tho three, whoso voice in com parison with the first speaker's had quite a cultured ring, despite tie slang, 44 but it is playing low dowu ou Dave and mo to keep us in tho dark. Where is tho crib ?' ?4 Not far distant. I'll say no more.' And Spotter closed his mouth with a resolute snap that forbade further questioning. 44 You'd belter stow yer gab, Gfcntteman Jack,' interposed the third, whose closely oropped hair and stubbly chin indicated u recent discharge from oue of the prisons. ' When Spotter says it's all serene it's good enough for me; an' if you'd wauted a proper meal as long as 1 'ave, it'd be good enough for you.' Gentleman Jack shivered, doubtless at some personal remimscenoo. *4 That's all tight, Dave,' he said ; 44 bat when I'm going to risk another pinch I want to know something about the job, I suppose Spotter is afraid we might forestall him ?' 14 Dunuo about forestall,' growled Spotter, *'lf you mean slip in first, that's just whut I am afraid of. I've a safe thing. Don't both speak at once, but 1 wautter llnowif you're ou?' ' Yes,' said Gentleman Jack. *4 Oh, oye,' Davo answered. 41 It's good enough for anybody, bar a blcomin' ediot, if you hay so.' 4*Thtn meet me at the old mill, at 12 sharp.' j 44 What about tho tools ?' asked Dave. I 44 They're plauted. D'ye thiuk I'm such a mug aa ter carry 'era on mo ? I'm u houto' wotk carpeuter, I am, goin' ter start ou a job first thing in tho mornin'. The tools ain't far from the job, you bet.' Dive laughed, emptied his glass aud weut out. Gentleman Jack waited a few moments, smoking iu silence, theu followed. Wheu both had had time to clear away, Spotter »Jso departed from tbe bar-room. Profe»sional burglars do not leave much to chance. Spotter, otherwise known as Kicfcard Savage, wus le ader of the gaug. His sobriquet he derived from his' occupation, rvhich was 44 spotting ' likely bouses, making the nec(s sary inquiries, 44 balming,' that is, suborning, tha setvautvs— iu abort, pUnsiug burglaries. Dave Craddeck was also an old hand, recently released from Blackwell's Island. Of Gentle man Jack, evou his confederate* knew very little, which wouid perhaps accouut for Spotter's cautious reticence. They were aware that ho hnd been a 41 penman,' or forger, because he bad bcun sentenced to a term of penal Servitude for that ofleuce, but not oue of-the gang, which uompriscd »bout a dozen expert cracksmen, was acquainted with his real name. Nor will it be divulged here. | At the hour appointed the three met at the old mill, each coming from tiJiiferent direction. A more suitable night for their evil enterprise could not havo beeu chosen. There was uu moon, not a star visible, und the darkuess could almost be felt. Spotter at once started off in the direction of a suburban town. Guided by his fooUteps, Gcutlemau Jack and Dave followed at a safe distance. After a time Spotter left the road and visited a shed in a field. When he rejoined his companions he oarried a car penter's satchel over his shoulder. Half au hour's walk brought them to a large house standing in its own grounds near a paik. Tho building, however, was quite invisible ; no light showed in any of the windows. But Spotter halted outside the gato, 14 The crib's there,' he muttered, pointing j iu the direction of tho house. 44 We've only got a widdt-r an' her daughter to deal with, an' j three servants as sleeps in the attic. But vre j sha'n't disturb nobody, if we've deceut luck.' 14 Any dogs ?' asked Dave. | 44 There was,' Spotter replied, under hii breath. 44 1 reckon they're buried in the garden by now,' and he chuckled a« he thought of the cruel deed which had robbed the widow of her faithful guardians. They eutered the drive, treading softly on the loose gravel. Suddenly Gentleman Jack oame to a stand. ' Spotter,' he whsipered, 44 what's the widow's name ?' 44 Blefised if I know,' was the reply; 44 1 never usked.' 44 What's the namo of the house F' 44 Dunno. I can't read.' 44 Do you know what road it's in 44 Old Boston road, I reckon ; but what's the odds ?'' Gentleman Jack asked no more^ questions, but as he followed his companions he muttered to hioiself ?' 44 Lucy said they were going to live in the aviuur, so it's all right.' They were now at the back of the building. Spotter pointed down the gardeu. 44 If we've to cut and ruo,' he whispered, 44 clear off that way.' Turning on a bull's oye lantern, he allowed a momentary gleam to rest on a window near his elbow. It revealed a close array of bars. 41 Every blessed windor in reach is tho same,' he weut on. ,4 That's why I didu't take ouvthe job single-handed. We'vo got to tile 'em through.' Their well-greased files mado scarcely any sound. In less thxn half an hour the protecting bars were cut through and removed. With a broad-bladcd putty knife, Spotter theu pushed back the wiudow-cateh, undliftml tho sash. AU took off their boots and eutered the rrom, p kitcheu. Dave closed the window cautiously, and tho three crept along tbe hnll to another large room on tho ground floor, where Spotttr first made sure that tho blinds were closely drawii, theu lit the gas, oue burner, which ho turned very low. Tho dim light euabled them to perceivo that the walls were covered with paintings, but the glitter of collarettes aud silver ornameuts attractid them lo a sideboard, and nothing eh a 1 had uuy interest. | 44 Tho diuiu'-room,' whispered Spotter, wlc had not 41 balmed ' the servants for nothing. 44 Thero's a sight more in that piio-* o' fur uifthtr than we cau carry awa-.' 44 Let's get at it, then,' said Dave. Gentleman Jack pieked tho lock in a twink ling. The plate wus taken out aud tied up iu handkerchiefs ready for removal. This done, 1 Davo fetched a collarette und glasses from tho sideboard. 44 I reckon wu'vo earned a drink,' he mut tered, grinning, 44 Hold 'ard a bit,' Spottor rcjoinod, 44 It\s about time the copper passed. I know his beat. Wheu he's gone, we'll take it easy for 'alf an ' hour afore clearing out.'. 1 He turned the light still lower and listened j at the wiadow. It was unnecessary. Tho policemau's tramp could bo heard 300 yurds away. When his footsteps wero no longer audible Spotter turned op the light and lit another burner. 44 We'ro all serene now,' ho said. ** Gentle men, see if you can Qnd a box of cigars about.' Gentleman Jaok approached tbe sideboard, over which huug a large portrait of an officer in cavalry uniform, now plainly visible in the sttong gaslight. As bis gaze rested upon it bis jaw dropped ; ho staggered buck, still with his eyes fixed ou tbe picture. Au exclamation burst from his lips Thou, pulling himself to gether, ho walkod slowly round the room, steudfrstly regarding every portrait on the walls, while Spotter and Dave watobod him in amazement. Tho tour ended, Gentleman Jack coufronted his fellow burglars. His lips moved, but ha seemed uuable to speak. ??What's up, Matey asked Spotter. 'You look as if you'd seen a ghost.' ** 1 have,'' said Gentleman Jack, with an effort. 44 Spotter — Dave — we got to put. all the things back and get siway.' 44 He's gono balmy on the crumpot,' mat tered Dave, nodding at Spotter. 44 I'll see him ? Spotter's blasphemous expressiou need not be repeated. 44 He must 'ave goue dotty,' he added. 44 No — no, 'said Gentleman Jack, 44rny head's all right. Put the things back nnd come away, for heavon's sake !''' 44 I alius thought the gentleman was a bit queer in the nut,' »aid Dave, nodding at Spotter again. 4* Now I kuowo it.' 4' What's up with you, man ? M cried Spotter, a good deul louder than was prudent. 44 Just. this,' replied Gentleman Jack, 14 That picture,' pointing to tho drawiug over the side board, 4,*is the portrait of my father. He's dead ; I killed him. This is my mother's house ; I can't rob it.' Dave whistled. Spotter laughed incredu lously. 44 Who d'yer rcckon's goin' to believe that tale ? ' he muttered. 14 You'd five years for writing a name as wasn't yer own on a. bit o' paper— a matter o' seventy pouudg, I've heered. Guru I If your folks had lived in a house liko this, they'd have got you off somehow.' ?* Ouly the governor knew,' rejoiued Gen tltmau Jack, %4 und the case had gone too far. I didn't want to disgrace them. I've been an awful ecouudrel I broke the governor's heart, and well nigh the mater's, though she doesn't know that I'vo done time. Yes, I've beou an awful scoundrel,' he repeated, 44 but 1 haven't ftunlr so low as to rob my own mother, or see anybody olse do it.' 4* Then you'd bettor jolly well shut yer peepers, 'returned Spotter, as hesaized a bundle of the plate. 14 Pick up some of the stuff, Dave, an' come aloug,' ho added, as be made for the door. But Geutlemau Jack reached it first, 4* You'll havo to settle me before you take that,' he said. 44 Put it down, or I ehall rouse tho house.' 44 You will, will you ?' cried Spotter, in sud den fury. And snatching a revolver from his hip'pocket be covercd his late confederate. ,l Kow, you just hing small, my Hue bird, or I'll precious soon drill a hole through yt u 1' The door behind Gentleman Jack opeued. He turned, but instantly faced about, hacgiug his head. In the doorway stood a youns girl, clad in a dressing-gown, glancing from one to ! uuather of the three men with frightened eyes. : 44 What are you doiug here ?' she demauded. i And then she saw the bundles of plate, j 44 Burglars !' she suddenly cried. 44 Jane — I Andrew!' | Spotter sprang upon her. With one great i bony hand he clutched her white throat, with j tho other ho pressed the muzzle of his revolver against her forehead. 4* Shout again,' he hissud; 44 and I'll blow your brains out ! Dave, bring a cloth, or sum mat, an' gug her !' But the girl possessed both strength and courage By a violent effort she freed herself aud rushed into the hall, with Spotter after her. The ruflian caught ter by tbe hair, which hung loosely to her waist, and dr-gged her back. Geutlcman Jack's face turned of a ghastly ; hue His breath came in quick, short gasps, j His fists were lightly clenched. I 44 God help me I', he cried, suddenly. 44 I ] can't staud this 1' aud with all bis force he struck Spotter between (ho eyes. The rufliau let go the girl's hair aud stag gered across the room, but recoveied himself in an instuut. There was a torrent of oathf, a flash, a crack, and Geutlemau Jack fluug up his | arras and fell heavily on the carpet I When the terrified servants rushed into the ' room Spotter and Dave had disappeared. The pluuder lay where thev had left it in their hur ! ried flight. Bending over Geutlemau Jack's motiouleaa form was their youug mistress, sob* ! bing hysterically and wringing her hands. 44 It's Claude !' she cried, between her sobs. 41 Claude, my poor brother, come back at last come here to save my life ! He's dead !— the burglars have killed him. Don't let bis mother knosv !' and she fell fainting across his body. Gentleman Jaok was dead — shot through the heart. His atonemeat oame too late. Let us hope it. wfw sufficient to wipo out his record of orime. Tho murder caused a great sensation. Gentle man Jack's body was recognised as that of an ex- convict, but tbe police kept tbeir owa coun sel. .The victim's mother and sister never knew . the truth. It was uunecessary to toll them, as it turned out, for Spotter escaped trial for that I crimp. He was killed iu a druukeu brawl at the very time that tho detectives were seekiog him/ Soon afterwards Dave was arrested for another offence aud sent back to prison. A* the mention of Gentleman Jack's real name would only cause pain to iunocent people it is withheld. 