lehtia's daughter By Zoe Anderson Norfjs^^n L /Titts J_ berg Chronicle^Telegraph." Tabitha Allen toot •Eliza'sfila.t, laid i on. a table near by, motioned tier to Seat and st&o;'d in the middle of the room ifeokingsofemrilyiiown ather. ^If I tell you'somethin'," said she "•creasing her forehead mto an impressiv frown," will you promise not to tell?" \- -"I promise/' said Eliza. . "On your word of honor?" : ?On >my word of hdfior," repeatet Eliza, fl won't breathe i^ to a livin* soul : Tabitha. took lier seat at -the window and, searching in a cumbersome baske lor a heelless stocking,-found one, slip ped the darning bali into it - and slowlj thrust her- needle through an emery ba' in: the shape, of an overgrown «traw berry, while Eliza leaned, eagerly • fof ward, waitingto hear. ... . -.- - Thabitha- threaded her needle before she spoke. - t, '- . --, ,. • "^o^s • Cb- pte heighborhood pretty soon/' she said then.' "'A .weddih'!"..c|led Eliza. "What! Y01 • don't" mean next door—Letitia Kinsman and Tom Jones!" . .. Tabitiia's thin .Jips wreathed thfejn- "selves intjo a^ .... "That's ^hat.everybody' .'tidn^s,. k^QW.^s^d^h^ ^but there'll tie!'a littl ' su^brise %aitin* "'•feini" tt"aSn't Letiti s this tiMei^as it happeits/' 1 ; '' " "Thek who in" th^ri world can it be?* asked Eliza, breathlessly. J Tabitha/'waived' the question; "I've ii'een livih' next door to Letitia •'Kinsman ever-^ihtee fier husband -died,' said she; "and I ImoW 'alljabotit her from A to izzard; not that,fehe"s -,-told me much herself—Letitia never, wa3 no great hahd to" talk; she's a closemoathed \- woman, ; especially when it . comes to anything eoncernin' her own affairs—but -you can't help pickin' up a "mite of information as you go along ilivin' so closerr-that is, .if you've got.any eyes at -aU/' She worked jawhile in ' shence . .before slie began again. V "Jjetitia^wore ,her crape a . good .long tioie for such, a pretty woman,, and it was a long-time, too, before she began to . notice,-as jnuch" as a'year or more. .So (when Tom" Jones took to seein* her hom- ,-from meetin' .and. hangin' over the gat .' with her till 'the moon went down, no .body was* much surprised. Letitia's mighty pretty -woman—mighty pretty; And smart! There ain't a smarterwomai in Plainyille than Letitia Kinsman/' "Seems like, even if them widow . ain't pretty, they're kinder takin* somehow or other," put in Eliza. "They allu catches the "eye of the men.'" Tabitha nodded assent as she ran he long needle through every other stltcl "in the diminutive latticework she was 'weaving in the spot where the heel o the stocking had been. •"That's true enough," she said, "ani .as I say, it begun to look likeXetitia wa havin' things all her own way. She wa a widow and 'pretty yet and smart There never was a church sociable bu what JLetitia had every man in the roon around :her a-splittin' of their side laughin' .at the funny»-things she sail right ofE plank down, while the rest of us thought of what we mought hav said after we'd gotibalf way home." • She slapped her hand over het moutl , . in the efiEoct to. concgal; a slight yawiC ; "Yes,". sh£ concluded, "she was smar —there's, no denying that—about mos things. But there was one thing . sh ' wa'ri't' "smart about." "And what was that?" demande< Eliza. ... ."When everything was goin' her wa: and Tom had popped, the question, o was about fo'pop it, and that"—here sh grasped the stocking more.securely ant. ^looked cross-eyed as she ran the. needl . back the Other way, the point toward he — : "was one thing I xiever could quit make out; whether he ever asked her it,, so many words to" marry him or not. I he didn't," all Fve got to say is that h %as mighty near it, sendin' her .littl gweet smSlin* bokays arid settin* ou' on the front porch with her till all hour , of the night,' and, as I said before, haiig in'on lie'gate; hbt only that, but eomin.' -•sometimes early ih tthfe-- mornihg, befor • I'd hadt{jrae-tej-get my dSftes washed; s early .that if you^hadn't Known better you'd tbought he'd been ha^igin' there o* •the-;gate the-livelong night." • \- Eliza was in a spasm of suspense. VWhat did she do that wa'n't -smart?* she begged.-to know. Tabitha- had. finished ; .darning th stockings She.laid.it across her .knee smiled complacently at the deftness o" her own handiwork, and slipped th . darning baliinto its mate. '/She-brought that big girl of her home out of the.'boardin''school,"-.she an nounced with an intonation _of disgust "That's wjiat she did." '.'And Tom fell in love, with her?" "O course! What else could she hav expected, Td like to know? Letitia' pretty, but her daughter is prettier. Be" sides she is 17 years younger, and tha makes a great deal of difference with man." ------ "Tom Jones is every bit and grain a old at Letitia Kinsman," declared Eliza indignantly. ' "Don't J know that? But he's a man -remember, and men don't get old, thej say. Anyway, the older they get the bet ter they likes to hang around a gir that's jest about ifryin' size. ' And that' the reason I says the minit I see tha young thing jump out of the "bus' r an run up the walk to the "hottse, her cheek a-bloomin' like roses and her eyes a shinin*, It's all Tip with Letitia!' Then was my very words, "Tt's all up with Le -titia!' " ' . .1. - She snipped off a stray -thread with he scissors. \- "And I was right/' she went on,- was. From, that time on it was Tom and Letitia's daughter. a-.settih*. out on theporch together and hangin'on the gate together, and it was the girl that got the little bokays and put 'em in the vase on the mantelpiece in the parlor where they could scent up the whole house,.-while Letitia stood by and looked on. "When" .-she first came, Letitia was so bright and-cheery you'd taken 'em.for sisters -if ypu'd seen 'em.setjtin' side by side, but It wa'n't. many. weeks. before Letitia .began to get hollow eyed and Wbite ;.,iest when she'd oughter been a-bloomin' her very prettiest if she wanted to (be any sert of match for the girl at alL It was .pitifnl to see the , change in her. She got so she didn't make any more of her cute jokes^and.she never laughed any more. I missed that' laugh of hers. I used to like to hear it setttri' here by the window sewin', -The,,girl ,laug|jed a-plenty, but- Letitia she got quieter and quieter, until • at . last you'd thought it was a ghost of. a woman creepin'.about the bouse at her work, laggin' sort- of tired like arid worn out as if she'd somehow come to the end of her row."- . She sighed as she unwound the darning cotton from a. black .ball, bit off the end • and once more threaded the large eye of the needle. .-"One,night last week," she continued, 'T saw Tom and the girl but in the moonlight together, as usual, hanginT on the gate. I cmild hear it creakin'j swingin' .backwards and. forwards. The s.girl's ' laugh .came floatin' to me once in a tphilei.too," a pretty" laugh l£ke Letitia's, only "younger and gayer. So I thought now Letitia. is In the house in the. dark all by herself, and I'll ga in and keep her company. I had borrowed a spoonful (A tea from her the day before, it would be a good excuse to prer tepd I'd coihe to pay . it. back. I went around to the"kitchen.door; it was' 'the nearest ,way; besides them two was out in ';the front, and I knew they. . wouldn't Jwa^ -to Jw distqybedJ, The door was open. Letitia andme hadlieeri neighbors solpng "that l didn't think hothin' of wjalkln' .rigH ; 'in. I went through the dinin' room .to the, ;setttti' room and stood still in the middle ; of It lookin' ^ixoimd.f or Xjetitia.TheKe was . <a couch by the window, with the. moonlight ..streaming over it and"Letitia was 'laytn* on it face^ down, like somebo{ly*d, thrown her there. She was shakih* aH 'over with sobs. She wasn't cryin* so as you could hear her, but just sort o' catch . in' he:.,breath, tryin' hard not to cry, to aU the world like a child that had been whipped." - j "Whatdid you do?" panted Eliza. - j \- ^ stood there"., replied . Tabltha. , ."She hadn't heard me come iny flo- she kept on Bobbin' till by and^b^hekitnder felt that "iiiwas there—you'.know how thaffe—-and started_up, bruEhin' the tears -away with the back of .herjbands.^ 'How you frighher voice til trembliri 4 .Th«i she went on to 1 explain about how she had one of her bail tened me!" she says, tryin'" to laugh, with - nervous headaches that she's ^-subject 'to and was lyin' down to see. if she couldn't sleep it ofE. "I never said a thing not a single thing. I just waited, listenih' as if I was takin" it all in. Then, when she was -through, "I've brought back the tea I borrowed from you yesterday/ I told her, and I handed her the cup with the spoonful of tea at the bottom of It. " ^You-needn'te,«iindedrabbut bringin' Letitia's a mighty-good, liberal-hearted back that little -bltJ of - tea/ she saidneighbor to have.., I'.ve alius said that of her—and she Went on out into the/kitchen and found the tea cannister, poured the tea" into it, " wiped" the cup and hiandedjit back to me, all without any light. . .The moonlight 'is bright; as 'day/; says : she, , apoiogisin'. but I . know,-the reason she wouldn't light the. lamp—she didn't want me to see. the tears on her cheeks. "After that she asked me "to "come in and set #down but of course I wouldn't. I marchead myself straight back home.". "And how did -you find, out about the weddin" ?" inquired Eliza. "It was the next mornin'. I was .tyin' up some mornin' glory vines on the side ^fence between her yard and mine when she "came out of the house and stood across 'from me'with the vines in between us. ' " "If you've got a spool of white thread No. 70/ says she, T'd like to borrow it* and with that she goes on to teU me about the weddin', sm'ilin* brave as.you please, with her face like a ghost "My daughter 1 is to be married soon/ says she,' 'to Mr Jones, and I am real-busy now workin' on her weddin' clothes/ , ," 'I'll get you the thread in one minute,' I said to her and I started for the house. .On the step of the back porch I happened t6 look over my shoulder at her standin' there with the morning glories up to her waist and blooming fit to kill, sort of mate- in' part . of a -frame _ for her. The - smile 1 was all gone—she thought I wasn't lookin', you see—and ypur heart would have ached," Eliza^', if . you. cdiiid -haive seen her face!" By this' time "she had finished darning the mate to the first Stocking.'; She laid; them together, rolled them in a neat roll and :turned the hem • of one over both. "And so," gasped Eliza, "it's the daughter he's goin to marry, after all, and not Letitia! My land!" "It's the daughter," said Tabitha conclusively, drawing the : big basket closer and laying the stockings in it with others like them, carefully darned and folded away in pairs. Eliza rose and reached 1 for her hat. In her haste she pinned It on a trifle crooked, which had the effect of giving her a rakish air, -but, nothing daunted, she made for the door. Tabitha followed her. 4 "What's your hurry ?" she, asked. "Oh, there, are a lot of. things I've got to do this mornin," explained Eliza. "I'm lip. to my neck in work, as usual, but I'm awfully glad I found you at. home, Ta- .bitha, awfully glad! . Come over soon, rreal soon, and bring your knittin. . Why "can't you stay all day? Well, if you .can't do that'make me a little visit any-: way. Good-by/' "Good-by/* said Tabitha. As she watched her ' hurry out of the gafe and make her. way swiftly across the street she added : "She declared up and down she "wouldn't tell, but I know that Eliza' Banks like a book. If she kept a secret half a day she'd die of it' She's gone right now to hunt up somebody to tell it to." She . shut the door and walked back into the room. "That story will be all over Plalnville with a thousand frills and furbelows by night." she muttered. . 