a ghostly appearance at : .- v auburn. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBOURHOOD. Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in visitants from another sphere, yet, with the majority ofJolk the belief dies hard. Miss Marner, of " Lamington," Vic toria-road.' Auburn, Victoria, has -more than once seen something resembling a ghost — when, for instance, 'she' looked in her, mirror, so debilitated was she by many months' illness. She says : — " I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made ine most miser able. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I hacl no inclination to do so, there was no fear I of my disobeying this order, and 1 took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, " but without effect ; then I consulted a well- known Collins Street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queens land, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning ; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." " This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st. 3lbs., newlamdst. 7 lbs." " A great improvement ; your treat ment must have been beneficial ? " "No; all the medicine I, got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. W illiams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel Street, Prahan ; they did me so much good that I continued with them. Tt is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." " And you would recommend them?" " Yes ; and that strongly, too," said Mr. Marner. "Had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady did. Dr. .Williams' Pink Pills will cure anaemia, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofula, con sumption, chronic erysipelas, debility, in digestion, liver and kidney diseases, and chest and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paralysis, locomotor ataxia, neuralgia, St. Vitus' dance, and nervous headache, and all nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists ' and storekeepers, and by the Dr. Williams' Medicine Com pany, c/o Rocke,. Tompsitt & Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen and three pence, but are genuine only with the foll name (seven words), Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box. Thousands have testified to their curative powers. 