AMERICA, THE POPE AND ' AMERICANISM.' A MATTER OF DISCIPLINE, NOT A QUESTION OP DOC TRINE. The Osservatore Roma.no of Tuesday (says the London Tablet, February 25) published the text of the long-expected pronouncement from the Pope on the subject of ' Americanism' about which discus sion. has been rife for months past. His Holiness, after begging American Catholics to regard his letter as a fresh proof of his continual good-will towafds them, proceeds to make it ulear that it is also one of warning and correction. He then speaks of the controversies which have arisen out of ' The Life of Isaac Hecker. His Holiness then makes a careful distinction between the doctrinal aspects of the new theories and questions of practical discip line. He strongly urges (says the Times Vatican' correspondent) the impossibility of any change in the former, while admitting that the necessity has always been recognized and acted upon by the Church of adapting certain points of discipline to the requirements of the time. It rests with the Church, however, and not with individuals to deter mine how and when any such adaptations can be made. To say otherwise would be to share in the condemnation of the 78th proposition of the Synod of Pistoja. The Pope subsequently repudiates as untenable the principle that the definition of Papal infallibility by the Vatican Council affords to indi viduals greater freedom of thought and action. The Pope is careful to say that he by no means repudiates all true progress of modern thought and civilization, which he welcomes as conducive to human prosperity ; but for it to be really useful it must not lose sight of the authority and the teach ing of the Church. He combats the theory that to day the internal inspiration of the Holy Ghost has not to reckon with outward guidance. He rejects the theory which would ascribe to natural gifts a superiority over super-natural virtues. The Pope points out and condemns another error in the distinction advocated by the innovators be tween active and passive virtues, for all virtues must be necessarily active. He does not allow that some virtues are suitable to one time and others to another time, for Christ, the supreme model and master of all sanctity, is ever the same, and does not change in the progress of centuries. Humility, obedience, and self-denial are as necessary now as before. The contempt shown by these innovators for what they are pleased to call passive virtues has, naturally, led to a contempt of the^ religious life as suited only to the weak and as an impediment to Christian perfection and the good of the community. This error the Pope energetically condemns, and de clares it to be injurious to the religious Orders and in contradiction to history. He reminds Americans of what they owe to religious Orders, both active and contemplative. The Pope concludes by saying that if by ' Ameri canism' is meant the peculiarity of laws, customs, and characteristics which is to be found in America as in every nation he sees no reason against the ex pression, but if by this word is meant the errors he has condemned above, he is convinced that the American Episcopate will reject the term as injuri ous to themselves and the whole nation, for it would lead to the conclusion that the Church in America is different from what she is in other countries, and this would be incompatible with, her unity, and with the prerogatives of the See of Peter. The letter bears date January 22. The opinions thus censured by the Pope's letter relate chiefly (says the Dublin Freeman's Journal, February 25) to the idea advocated in the late Fr. Hecker's book of making certain relaxations of discipline or evading precision upon points of dogma under the pretext of thus better attracting non-Catholics. Another condemned suggestion is that of leaving the spiritual guidance of souls to the direct inspiration of the Holy Ghost independently of ecclesiastical control. The divisions of virtues into the two categories of active and passive is also disapproved. Censure is likewise passed upon the criticisms made against the vows taken by religious Orders and upon the adoption of unusual methods of preaching Catholicism to non-Catholics. The Daily Chronicle's Rome correspondent on Tuesday night says :— Considerable impression has been made by a letter addressed by the Pope to Cardinal Gibbons on the subject of Americanism. The Pope condems only religious Americanism, by which is meant certain opinions expressed by Fr. Hecker, for example as to the personal inspiration of the Holy Spirit. But it is important to note that these opinions are merely personal to Father Hecker, and are by no means shared by the Paul ists. founded by him. The Pope in his letter does not at all disapprove of ' political Americanism,' or, in other words, of the special adaptation of Ca tholicism to the conditions of American thought and to the Anglo-Saxon temperament. 