THE HOUSE OF COMMONS GHOST. The London “Evening News” has been interviewing Mrs Milman, wife of the assistant-clerk of the House of Commons, with reference to her ghostly double which haunts the precincts of the House of Commons. “The funny thing about the story,” she said at once, “is that it is perfectly true. It has been going on for years. People are constantly telling mo that they have seen me in places where I have certainly not been at the time they mention. One of my hobbies is book-binding. I have a bindery-room at the top of the house. One afternoon a friend was assisting me, and on taking his leave found me again on the other side of the binding-room door! Quite taken back he said he stood aside to let my double pas3 in. I have never seen my double myself, but I have heard it. One night when I had just retired to my bedroom, I heard a noise outside the door, and made sure that there was something there. I went out and found all the Moors on the landing open. I went back and fastened my door by means of a ‘night-bolt,’ which is worked by a ropo from the bed. The handle of the door was immediately turnjed, and the door pushed open again, the bolt being shot back . I again went out and found nobody there. Then I rang for two of the servants, my maid at the top of the house, and the butler at the bottom. As they came to me I knew that they must inter cept anyone on the stairs. My maid had seen nobody, but the butler had just met me coming through the folding- doors of the bottom corridor. One or my gover nesses some time ago left me simply be cause of meeting this strange sight so often. Only to-day a young lady who is staying in the house told me she had seen me somewhere where I had not been.” In answer to a question as to the age of that part of the building, Mrs Milman replied that a strange feature of the business was that the building was comparatively modern, a very strange choice of quarters for a ghost to make. It was rebuilt, of course, in 1846. “ Aro you not nervous with such a peculiar about?” Mrs Milman was asked. “Not a bit,” laughed Mrs Milman. "It doesn’t make the least dif ference to me. I have got used to it. In fact, I have often tried to waylay the stranger, waiting for footsteps to come along.” 