Our Tale. EVELEEN REDGREAVE, OB THE BAERINGTONS OF BEABAZON HALL, CHAPTER XLVH. BY E. L. A. BERWICK. The next morning a long and delicious sleep rewarded me for my previous weary vigil, long journey, and anxious mind; and, when I awoke in the morning, the very consciousness of jny beinc in safety inspirited me. 1 loeked out^ as I dressed, on one of the most magnificent streets in Europe, vith its well-built houses and welldressed passengefs, and felt that I was in the heart of civilised society, at all events. I was waited upon, when I rang my bell, by a smart brunette mantling in smiles and respectful of speech; and. when I descended to the breakfast-room allotted me, I was served by a waiter who almost anticipated my wants, and seemed by his manner to be only anxious that I should do full justice to the excellent materials which were spread so temptingly before me; and when I finished my coffee, I felt myself almost qualified in courage to faoe— even the formidable Mr. Cabbel O'Fea. At the same time, I was not presumptuous enough to conceive that this feat was to be accomplished without precaution; daring and unscrupulous as his efforts had been, I felt that a serpent was in my path, to escape which would "crave wary walking." 1 waited with some impatience for an interview' with the writer of the letter whose contents had decided me on instant action. At ten o'clock precisely Matt Cooney appeared on the threshold, whilst immediately behind him came a tall, pale, delicate-looking young man of four or five and twenty, who seemed from his appearance to have been very hardly forked, or very much under-fed—or probably both. He looked nervous and apprehensive; but his appearance there proved that his principles were strong, although his courage might be weak; and it struck me, after the first salutation was over, that when he looked at me, and considered my sex and age, he was ashamed of his own fear, and became anxious to show that he was not inferior in spirit to myself. He was seated at my invitation, and our conversation began. "I fear I haven't the best news for you, miss," he commenced, "that is, if you wish to see Mr. Barrington or his family immediately: they are out of town." , , "Out of town! "Where?"I demanded. "I cannot tell you that, for certain, he answered; "they went yesterday. Miss Barrington's health is delwte, and she was ordered change of air. This was astounding intelligence to me; but I suppressed my disappointment. . , , " And have you not heard in what direction they are gone?" I again asked. "Mr. O'Fea went with them," was his reply, " and he said to me that he was going to Bray for a day or two with Mr. Baxrington's family, and that he would be back in that time, if anybody asked for him. But I have my doubts of the truth of the story." "And why?" "In the first place, if he was going to any place where he did not care to be private, he would have taken me with him—he always does; and, secondly, Mr. Barrington's steward, Walstt -the man they call Black Bill—came to Dublin in a hurry yesterday." "Yesterday?" , £ ^ „ .. "He came to our hotel first," the man continued, "and, after a long talk with Mr. O'Fea, they went out, and, when they came back, my master desired me to bring Walsh down to the servants' hall and get him hiB break- "Well?" . . _ "I did so, of course; and, as.he knew nothing more about me than that 1 naa been three years in the service, ne thought, naturally enou^i may be, miss, —and that's the worst of it, for all the world will do the samie^-that I was— was as bad as himself. But Fm not; i have my poor paralytic mother depending on me, or I would have walked the world long ago rather than remain m it." * "Did Walsh speak to you of me—did he mention my name?". I asked. "In the course of conversation 1 too* the liberty of asking after your health, miBB, which I had my own reasons for doing," he answered; "and he laughed and rubbed his hands together (its .he way he has when he's well pleased at anything), and hasaid he believed you were in good health, and had gone on a little visit to a friend in the ^country. I then inquired whether it was likely we should-see you in Dublin, when Mibs arrington was married to the Chaster, and he winked hard at me, and | said he rather thought not. for that yon- would be better engaged. "What followed then?" I demanded. "He became a little confidential, miss; for he took a glass or two of whiskey in his tea—that's another fashion of his>—and he said (though I knew that before) that Mr. OTea thought yon were too fond of meddling in family affairs; and by degrees it came out, thafc they ".were afraid of your influence with your cousin, and that she had been calling for and grieving after you ever since she left home." My poor—poor Maryl "It's my belief, Bill, he said—for my name is Bill, too, miss—that if Miss Redgreave was to come up amongst us until the fetter is forged and the links welded, it would only lead to vexation and delay; for, as it is, Miss Barrington is always looking backward instead of forward, and the turn of a finger would make her draw back, late as it is. I don't wonder at her, either," continued Black Bill, with another of his winks— "for Gabbell O'Fea is both a bad man and an ugly Christian; but, for all that, he must have his way in this matter, as his heart is set on it, and we must stick to him until he leaves the altar a married man, at all events." "And then—what then?" "While Walsh was at his breakfast Mr. O'Fea went out and came in again," continued Burke. "They had another long conversation together, and after that, I was ordered to pack up his valise; and it was then that he told me he was going to Bray with Mr. Barrington's family; though, when I mentioned to-Black BlU, he winked harder than "Her, and said that it would be a clever low' that w§i?t to Bray to look for l—afid found them there." That^reasorfc did he give for this ?" ..ion^or n«£t. door to it, miss. I tried tcrget something more out of him, but TW sure, had given him a hint, anchsvSn a good dinner and plenty of whiskey punch could not make him open his mind to me." "And where is he now?" "That's the worst of it, miss," said the poor fellow, with a nervous shudder; "he had orders to stay here until the whole party returns from the country, and if by any chance his evil eye should light on you, there is no knowing what the consequence might be. "I have no fears on that head, at least for myself," I said composedly; "I am now in a populous city, and un- der the protection of the law." "You may think so, miss,' he answered, shaking his head; "but there is many an offender against the law in the city as well as in the country, and neither Black Bill nor his employer are men that would hesitate to fly in the face of it, where they had either profit or pleasure to gain by doing so. " I must only be cautious, then, until my uncle returns," I said; "or, as my business here is with him, I must seek him out and see him, if possible. What distance is the place you mentioned, Bray, from Dublin?" "Only a few miles, but, as I said before I have my doubts if they have gone there at all," he answered. "Leave that to me to discover, interposed Cooney, for the first toe; 'Til make it out for you before 1 sleep, Miss Eveleen.'' "And I will do my best to watch Black Bill, and try to cet the again once more m»u IVFea and his agents foiled me. It was evid^t however, from his movements, S he dreaded my influence overj^ry, and that he had removed his fe B t b7 any chance she should escape t T T ££ S from all this that he had is^WSli aggmxr&z-; of Mary might acquit him of the weakness if it were the cause; but love— true love, at least—lacks selfishness, and though it may suffer from the sacrifice of self-denial,, the martyrdom of feeling is repaid by the gratitude which rewards it, and follows in its train. Tried by this test, Mr. Cabbell CFea's affection was a parcel of the rest; it sounded as hollow as a drum. He loved Mary as a means to an end. To secure her was to stifle her father's complaints, and cover his own misdeeds; she was to be scapegoat for the malpractices which were intended to be consummated by ousting the father and son from their patrimony. The evil pride of a bad man stung by opposition, came to the aid of avarice, and made conquest at any price a sine qua non which had become essential to his peace. To rescue one was to rescue all; and as I thought it within the scope of possibilty that my voice might now be listened to, and my representations and details have weight, I had no idea of forsaking a pursuit which had cost me so much, until I had made a final struggle which to myself might only eventuate in personal annoyance and possible disgrace. I dismissed my fiiendly aides, after another consultation, and then I resigned myself for the day, to suffer again the tortures of suspense. I dared not stir abroad, for Black Bill and his prowling step and watchful eye were in the neighbourhood. I tried to read.—in vainl Mary's pale face and beseeching look came'between me and the page, until the latter dropped to my knees blistered with my tears. I tried to think—to think hopefully; another failure, too. Landore! alas, the name had lost its charm—for the present, at least! The phantom of old times and ardent professions rose to* my eye, and saddened me still more. The iiappy spirit" thinks lightly of the sorrows or trials that have passed; it is the ghost of vanished pleasure that turns a demon in our grief, and stalks from the memory to revel in our pains. I stood at the window as a last resource; but sighs instead of smiles still followed me. Happy faces and careless loiterers passed by—the gay, the vain, the busy, and the proud. I wondered at them; but I envied them also; the spirit of resignation was dead within me; and though prudence perforce pinned me to my voluntary prison, I felt like the bird chained to its miserable limit, and would have dashed myself against the bars, had I not a prospect of release. . In the evening Cooney came; his face spoke for him. He had failed. "There wasn't a house in the town 1 lidn't go into, Miss Eveleen," he said; "but it's the old trick with Cabbell, saying one thing and doing another. He's used to it, and even when there is no need to tell a lie, he does it outof pure devilment and diversion. The world can't beat him at a bouncer, any- W S "And Walsh; what of him?" I de- "^Thrft him to Burke; but it will surprise me to hear if he has picked the lock Black BiH has determined to keep shut Like master, like man—all the world over. But here he is to answer for himself." . As he spoke, his fnend entered. "There is something about Blacit nm that I can't make out, Miss Redgreave, he commenced, looking at the door, and then glancing apprehenswely round the room * " ho and I are the best of fnends and yet either he can't or he won t tell me more than I knew before without ^"Perhaps"he is left as much in the dark as yoursilf," I said, encouragingly, "his employer is not famous for giving unnecessary information to his subord i "That'.is not it, miss," he »«, gravely; "I saw Bill enter Barter the attorney's hoyse-though he d^rft see me, emd in half an hour after Baxter came to the hotel, and inquired very particularly if I knew where Mr. O'^a was, and when he would be home. He X took away with ton three or four letters that-had arrived this morning, and asked me for a deed I was drafting, in order that he might have some corrections made in it. Now, if there is a man in all Ireland knows where my master has gone, it is Dan Baxter; they are hand and glove—birds of a feather; whatever one says the other will swear to, and all this, coming on the heels of Black Bill's visit to him, makes me uneasy—not for myself, however, but for'you. I ventured to ask Bill a question or two about you, as to what friend you had gone to visit; and he neither winked nor rubbed his hands, but said that he couldn't rightly say, hoped you would enjoy yourself, wherever it was. We dined together a. ? ter that; and, what makes the whole thing more suspicious—he drank only water at dinner, and wouldn't taste punch after it." "That's not like Black Bill, certainly I" chimed in Cooney, "and as you say, Will Burke, there must be a meaning in it. I have seen him drink four of five noggins of pure poteen before breakfast, and heard him say that it only gave him an appetite. A seasoned cask like Bill doesn't refuse his liquor for nothing." "We cannot help any suspicions ho may entertain," I said, cheerfully; "although, if you feel afraid to venture further with me, I may regret your decision, but I shall not be displeased WJtli you for making it." •Tm obliged to you, miss, for your kindness," he said, with an air of offended spirit; " but Matt Cooney here can tell you that I am not the man to desert either a friend or a good cause, because a hard word or a hard blow may stand in the way. I don't care three straws for all they can do to me; but you are a lady, and what might not make me tremble for myself—' "Pardon me," I said, interrupting him; "I am sorry to have uttered a word that could offend or grieve you. I rely on your good-will, and did not mean to doubt it in the least. I shall trust you to keep a strict watch on this man Walsh, while your friend Cooney is otherwise employed in my service. If they mine we must countermine; for I would not willingly return to the country without seeing my uncle and cousin. Are the preliminaries for Miss Barrington's marriage finished?" "No, miss, Baxter has them in hand, but he told me himself, last week, that he found it a difficult master to please his client, who wants to make his grasp sure when he gets it." "And—and the day?" , "Wednesday next was the day tixrd for the wedding, miss—" "And this is Friday." "But that may be altered now, possibly," he said; "at all events, it cannot well come off without my gaining a knowledge of it, and, whatever I learn, you shall hear almost as_ soon as I do, and at all risks." I pressed money on the friendly confederates before I dismissed them for the night, for I had a secret hoard of my own, which I had long been amassing to provide for contingencies; but they both refused it with scorn; the spirit of their refusal is better conveyed by the emphatic declaration of honest Cooney, that he would "eat his old boots" before a single penny of my money should enter his pocket. Although I demurred still I forbore for the present to persist; there is a time for all things. Left alone, what was I to doi*— sleep? I tried; but the drowsy god failed me, and I awoke in the coming to commence another day of dismal doubt, without the ability to do more than to set others in action, and remain in passive misery myself. Cooney came and went, but only to return jaded and disappointed, to repeat his tale of failure. His friend, too visited me, but myBtery was the order £ the day'. Black Bill had taken leave of him to return home-he said so atTleast. Over the acts and movements of Cabbell O'Fea, silence, as well as sin,, brooded with impenetrable No on* seemed, however, to be aware of my ar- S 'flr, if they did the secret was profoundly kept, since Burke had tried his best to discover whether it was toown and failed. He had always vistodme by stealth, and had kept a heedful watch during his ingress and and as he and Cooney had alwaystaken the utmost precautions^ their intercourse, it was to be taken for Ranted that the conspirators h^ yet, ITdiscover that one of their trustedor partially trusted-adherents was n Bp y " (To be continued). If you want a first-olass suit - of clothes at a rea«.nrf>leprxe^fit«fflddu ; rability combined-call on P. J- nor, Bridge-road, Biohmond. A fi|£assortment^f woollens to ^.Jro*- Flinders-street trams pass the door. 