MORE FACTS AND .FIGURES. (To the Editor.) Sir,—Since the appearance of jay letter on Monday last I lave been inun dated with books and papers, mostly from people unknown to myself. This shows the keenness of the interest many of our citizens are taking in the questions be fore them, and how they appreciate the "Miner" opening its columns for this dis cussion* To resume my criticism of "An Anglican Layman's" Idler, I will here acknowledge that I unwittingly fell into a slip of memory, when making an entirely ofMiand address by the way of a vote of thanks, at the dose of the lecture on Imther. I was evidently in errprwhen I quoted from memory, 16,000 as ij«ng-the number of English clergymen in "Secret Societies," I used the plural and not the singular number. I recall this one point only. The evil is great enough, God knows, without anyone even by an acci dent making it laxger. I was mixing up "the membership of the English Church TJnion with the more secret soci eties within the Church. EngUsh papers in my possession give the membership of the English Church Union, a society pledged as it.is to support the use of vestments/ altar lights, incense wafer bread, the eastward position, and mixed Chalice, in the Anglican Church, as about 25,000, of whom over 4,000 are clergy (32 of these being Bishops) the rest being of the laity. With this one exception, ! am prepared to stand by all I said itt my lofl liquid jaddress, which has fortunately or imfnrhiiftfply. opened this discussion. ^ X. .again-assert thatthere are many societies,, more or less secretin the AnglicaD Church that are subversive of Protestantism, that certain of the clergy being doubtful oik the question of their ODfiiiatiw have sought and submitted to xeordimtion at the hands of others, while remaining in tho Communion.' I stand by these assertions. Two responsible "Press Commissioners" belonging to the "Belfast Weekly Telegraph," in a long report ore the -strength of Ritualism, afilrm that there exists within the Church an order called "The Older of Corporate Re union," a body courting * the strictest privacy. It is governed "by "bishops," who are cleigpnen of the Church of England de riving their "orders" from an* utiknown source, and who secretly "re-ordain" ofhst clergymen of the Church of England, while yet retaining their benefices within the Established Church. The report of the "Commissioners" reveals the fact thai: there are about-7,000 Romanising Ritual ists who openly teach and pra&ace; Ro manism in over 8,000 Churches. I call attention to the word "openly." "7,000 openly." And it is impossible to tell how many more are doing these things seereD ly. We know from experience even io this colony that where Low Church laity predominate the Ritualists dare not pro claim themselves—so they talk "Low Church" while they most heartily be lieve in "High Church." In passing I think if Protestant churchmen would take pains to study the Clerical Pedigree of the young gentlemen whom their ab sentee Bishop' has selected and is select ing for the work in North Queensland, they might make a few interesting dis coveries. They will not need at any rate to go a 100 miles from here to find some thing pretty " High." It is asserted in the letter I am dealing with that the rea son why the Church clergymen do not; fraternise with Nonconformists is the1 a bnse they meet with from the latter. Now the compilers of that document know bet ter—they know the reason is deeper than this. The reason is doctrinal. It is based on an assumption, on a delusion—the de lusion of "Apostolic Succession." In a lecture on "The Continuity of the Holy Catholic Church in England,'7 the Rev. A. J. Micklethwaite, vf5w of St. Luke's, Cambridge, says, among'^her marvellous things, the following:—"And take the thought of, perhaps, those of the best Dissenters of the present day—I mean the great body of the Wesleyans. Those who study their tenets will be aware that, though sound in the administration of Baptism, yet how unsound they now are on the question of the administration of other sacraments; that their ministers, so called, are not duly ordained/ have not received the gift of the Holy Ghost, and, therefore, cannot administer holy things." Now this iogma, this figment of " Apos-' tolic Succession," lies at the soot of Angli can aloofness from the other churches. How can High Churchmen and Romanis ing Ritualists, meet ns 'outsiders/ while they alio# themselves to be the victims of such a delusive theory of "Orders." If there were any truth in the dogma, I should certainly say the Roman Church has . the be3t of the argument, and the ^conduct of many Anglican priests shows that they recognise the strength of the Papal claims. This is the contention of the Roman Church historians, when they deal with what they are pleased to call "The Anglican Schism," which they con tend was brought about through ithe Pope refusing to sanction an adulterous mar riage on the part of Herny VTTTt I only mention this, I do not affirm or deny here the justness of their view. It is no imme mediate concern of mine, seeing ftat my view of " Holy Orders," as far as my own position as a Christian minister goes, does.not necessitate me~to worry over a question like that. I hope in my nest letters to furnish a TOimber of interesting statistics, and to show what Ritualists teach the young, —Yours, etc!, W. SMITH. 