the missing heir of callonby. By Mas. GL Sheldon, Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels," it The Masked Bridal," Etc. CHAPTER XY. THE OLD GABDBNEB S STORY. The months sped on, and nothing oc curred to mar the pleasure of the two „irla who had so unexpectedly dis covered0 their kinship. ' Thev studied together,, and now that \ora was freed from her wearisome cares, progressed very rapidly and gave fair nrouiistT of even outstripping Madgo. Her music and painting, for which she seemed to possess a peculiar talent, soon became the admiration of the whole SCThe"days and- weeks passed peacefully and rapidly by, and had it not been for the presence of tho matron, there would hive been naught but Bunshine. As it was she allowed no opportunity to pass u> "irritate Madge, either by insinuations r., rarding her future prospects with a certain gentleman, or by sneers concern- in' 2'ura, whom she pretended to consider au upstart and an artful impostor. But Madge was so supremely happy in her love for Nora that she would not allow herself io be troubled, and the venomous shafts thus levelled at her by Mrs Upton passed harmlessly by, meeting only her haugh tiest scorn, which, by the way, seemed to disturb that vicious lady not a little. The end of the first year came, the first examination and commencementjj was passed by these happy maidens with credit,, both to themselves and their teachers. Mr Dispeau had made arrangements for his wife and two daughters, as he called them, to pass the long summer vacation at a fashionable resort among the moun- -ains ; and, having seen them comfortably settled in their hotel, he bade them a loving farewell, and Bailed for Europe on a reconnoitring tour for Nora. He made his way directly to Callonby, vhere he spent two months iu the vicinity of the castle studying the cha racter of Lord Callonby, gathering inci dents pertaining to his life since he came into the title, and exploring the grounds of the estate and the ruins of the Old Kuowing all he did, it did not take much penetration to discover that the spurious lord possessed an uneasy con science, although he strove to conceal his feelings by a bland and pleasing exterior, and with reckless abandon entered into all the excitement which his position and wealth afforded. Mr Dispeau had no desire to come into personal contact with the Lord of Callon by ; lie wished to study him from a dis tance, for he might have to meet him in the future, and did not wish to be known until the right time should come. From an old gardener on the Callonby estate, whose tongue he loosened with generous golden tips, Mr Dispeau learned much concerning the tragic occurrences with which the reader is already familiar. The gardener could not comprehend why the old steward should have sounaccount ably disappeared, taking all his books and vouchers wi';h him, Mr Dispeau also learned from him that the present earl had spread the report that Miss Nora, tired of the world, had voluntarily im mured herself in a convent. One evening, as Mr Dispeau was view ing the lonely ruins of the Old Castle by moonlight, he was stealthily approached by a -war thy and villainous-looking tramp, who evidently intended to rob him. The former, however, was too alert and vigorous to fall an easy prey to such a character, and soon had the scoundrel by the throat. From remarks dropped by the wretch, in a conversation which en- Eued, Mr Dispeau gleaned that the tramp was not a stranger in the neighborhood — that he had been there some two years before — he had just returned from Ame rica, where he hadspent six months — that he had performed some important service fur the Lord of Callonby, and had not been sufficiently rewarded, and that it was his intention to call on the earl on the morrow. Instantly Mr Dispeau's thoughts re verted to the "evil-looking man" whom Nora had seen her uncle give the bag of money so long before. Thinking that the fellow could explain some of the strange doings of those dayB, lit offered to pay him liberally, for any important information, and added that if he thought favorably of his proposition, he could call upon him at the Callonby Anns, where it was his intention to re main for three days longer. The fellow suddenly became wary, and in. further information could be obtained from him. The two so strangely met soon after separated, Mr Dispeau still hopeful that the man would call upon him, eager to sell his secret, if he had one to sell. Bat the three days passed, and he came not, and though Mr Dispeau made inquiries about the man, he could not learn that he had been seen by anyone save himself Almost sick from nervous ness and disppointment, he returned to London, and from there proceeded to pay his brother in France a short visit before returning to the United States. CHAPTER XYI. THE UNWELCOME VISITOR. The morning following the meeting of ( Mr Dispeau with the evil-looking villain among the ruins of the Old Castle, Lord Callonby sat in his excellent library awaiting the sound of the breakfast-bell. He had been up several hoars, for, al though he was a pleasure-loving man, and appreciated all the luxuries which his wealth enabled bim to enjoy, yet he never allowed himself to neglect the interests of his estate. Nothing escaped his critical eye — every paper pertaining to it, every account with tenant or servant,- was closely examined by him, and woe to the unlucky steward if an error were dis covered therein. He had made many improvements at Callonby during his short reign there, and it was now noted as the " grandest" and "best kept" country seat for miles around. The morning sunlight streamed in cheerfully at the broad bay window, lighting the room attractively, and my lord was evidently in a very comfortable frame of mind, for a satisfied Bmile curved his lips, and he was .lightly humming a strain from some popular opera. A knock at the ' door was . followed, by the entrance of a servant. iv ." My lord," . he said, respectfully, " there is a man at the area-door, who desires to speak with your lordship.". " Who is he — what is his name 1" de manded my lord. "I do not know ; he. looks like a beg gar. yet seems too , independent for that." "What. is his name. I asked you.?" said Lord Callonby, impatiently. " He would not give it--said it was no matter about that, but he had important business with you, sir." . v- " Send the rascal in, then, and I'll soon make him tell hk name," answered Lord Callonby, authoritatively. The man bowed and left the room, but soon returned with the- strange evil-look ing villain with whom Mr Dispeau had had the encounter the previous night. He let him into the library, then imme diately retired, closing the door after him. . .. . Lord Callonby looked np curiously and rather sternly, as the man advanced, in a shuffling, half-defiant way. One glance was sufficient. There was a moment's utter silence, while the two men Btood eye to eye, then a startling oath burst from his lordship's lips, as he leaped upon his feet, every drop of blood receding from his face, leaving him as pale as ashes. " What does this mean ?" he gaBped, with an oath. . " I suppose I do give you something of a start, my lord ; my coming is rather un expected ; but none of us know what a day may bring forth," replied the man, with an insolent leer. "But you solemnly swore that you would never show your face in England again." ' " I know 1 did, my lord, but I found that none but my native air would agree with me, ao I've returned to my ' ain countrie ' once more." "You might have kept out of my way, then ; it is very uncomfortable to me to see you again," retorted his lordship, with a savage scowl. " I don't doubt it ; but we can't have everything our own way in this world, though I must say you've succeeded bet ter than most people." " Hold your insoleut tougue, you dog, or it shall be the worse for you. I sup pose you want something of me, or you wouldn't be here. Out with it, and then be off." " You are correct in yoar surmises, my lord, I do want something of you. 1 want some money, I'm cleaned out entirely, haven't even so much as a farthing to help me to a breakfast, and I'm hungry as a starving tiger." And he began to beat a tattoo upon his empty stomach with his claw-like fingers. " That is bad, truly, and I never refuse a person in need, so take that and feast yourself," Lord Callonby replied, sarcas tically, aud threw him a guinea. The wretch picked it up and pocketed it with a grin. "Generous, aren't ye, now? This'll buy me a good breakfast enough, but when it's gone I'll be wanting more like it, so I'll give ye a polite invitation to pass me over a big handful more of the same kind." " Curse your insolence 1 I paid you a hundredfold more in the first place than I ought. There was enough to set you up haudsotnely in some profitable business ; if you've spent it foolishly I'm not to blame. Get out of here quickly, or I'll ring the bell aud have you put out." And the angry man's face was crimson with passion. " No you won't, my lord. I shall stay here till I get good and ready to go, and if you are so imprudent as to call anyone to use violence upon me, I shall feel it my duty to seek the justice, and relate a little story that might interest him more than it would benefit you. 1 did that job up neatly for you ; there are not many fathers who would be as accommodating as I was, even for three or four hundred pounds, though I was well satisfied then. But I've been unfortunate since, and I must have another hundred to-day, and you must give it to me." " I will not," retorted the lord, with a scowl of hate. " Oh, yes, ye will, my noble lord — ye know ye'll have to come to it." " You lie ! You can prove nothing ; your word would not be taken before mine, and no one knows of that transao lion eave you and me ; and as for being bled in my pocket every time you take a notion for a hundred pounds, I will not stand it ; so get you gone, and at once." The angry man glared at him furiously, and taking a step or two forward (for he had risen) he appeared about to enforce his command. But the dark-browed vil lain before him never quailed nor moved ; laughing a derisive, tantalising laugh, he said : "Now, my lord, that were not polite, and folks that live in high life should never forget their manners. But I think ye'J.l regret it if ye don't change yer mind about the hundred pounds. I don't know all about yer plottings and chicanery, it is true, but I know enough to make it pretty hot for ye, if I should tell a magistrate enough to arouse his cariosity, and make hiin inquire into yoar actions. It doeB look rather strange already to soma that s whole family should die and disappear so mysterious like, and all . in so short a time, while you, that could have been heir in no other way, should come into possession of this great property bo slick and easy. It might make it bad for you if any of them should happen to come to light some fine day — they do say, even now, that the young lord's ghost haunts the foreat lake, and I bethink me it might be more uncomfortable for ye to meet him than me; it'll be a wonder if he don't appear to ye some of these fine nightB." " Be quiet, will you ?" came spasmodi cally from the earl's rigid lips. He had fallen back in his chair during the villaiu's harangue, aud now sat there white and affrighted, shaking as with the ague, while his eyes seemed fairly starting from his head at the visious which the man's fearful words seemed to conjure up. " Sorry to disturb you so, my lord, but I can't be quiet just yet. I'm afeer'd yer nerves aren't quite so strong as they were two or three years ago. I reckon if I should -tell ye who 1 saw last night ye wouldn't be quite so easy as ye are now in yer .mind.'' -" Whom did you see— what do you mean ? "Stop your insolent torture, and come to the point at once !" almost screamed the now thoroughly frightened man. "I don't know his name, and never saw him before. He were a fine-looking gentleman, and he were making strange inquiries about your lordship. He said this much, that he were a stranger from America, but he took a mighty uncom mon interest in Callonby, and he seems to think ye didn't come into yer title and estate in jest the most honorable way in the world." " Ha-! what is this you are telling.me ? A strange man from America making in quiries about me, and charging me , with dish-mor. Are you living so as to get your money, or what do you mean ?" demanded Lord Callonby, in a very agitated man ner. ' ".Not a lie, yer honor. I were hiding in the' rains, waiting for daylight, so as to come to you, when he came upon : me, and before I could get out of his way, he had me by the throat. He Baid he -knew well enough there had been foal play here at Callonby, and even accused me of having a hand in it ." '! Good heavens ! Who can he be; and what does he mean ? I know no one in America, and hew could anyone there know anything about me ?" exclaimed his lordship, ' aghast, and, rising agsin; he began excitedly to pace the room. " I know nothing about him, yer honor, only what I tell ye. He were a precious close- mouthed fellow about his own affairs, though he said he had no personal claim on this property, but did not like to see the wicked triumph in wrong. He made, me a mighty, fine-offhr,: though, to tell him- what Ikuewabout it." > " He made you an-offer l What, bribe you ? Did he- offer you money to betray me?" - - ." .That he did, sir. He said he'd , give me my own price, he it little or much; if I knew anything wrong about you and would tell it ; and more than this, that 1 might consider it for the next three days; and come to him, at the Callonby Arms, if I wanted to see him." - Lord Callonby f was more thoroughly aroused aud troubled by this intelligence than he had been in carrying out all his nefarious designs heretofore. - He made the man Bit down and relate again- every Occurrence of the' night before, making notes here and there as he went along. He could not understand it. What could it all mean, . that a person, an - utter stranger, should thus come to haunt him,, aud threaten to plunge him from the heights of .his prosperity into the depths of degradation ?- " He's a precious sharp one now, I tell ye," said the man, as he concluded his story,, "and he's got a notion in his head regarding the fate af the late Callonby family, and I warn ye he means to keep a sharp eye on yer lordship." "Yes, yes, yes 1" muttered his lord ship, nodding his head at each word,' and bending all his energies to think who the mysterious stranger could be. V- I thought I'd. give your honor the first chance, seeing as you did the hand-' some thing for me in the beginning, and then if ye failed to do yer duty, I'd make some bargain with the other chap," con tinued the man, with a cunning gleam in his evil eyes. " You did right, my man, and I am obliged to you for your consideration," replied Lord Callonby, accepting the in evitable as gracefully as he could, adding : "You shall have your hundred pounds, and mark you, if you will find out who this stranger is, get his name and address, aud bring them to me, I will give you an extra hundred. No w go into the servant's hall, and tell them to give yon some breakfast, and do not let me see your face again, unless you come to bring me some definite information regarding this man ; for strange as it may seem, your society is not very congenial to me," he con cluded, with a ghastly smile. Turning to his safe he counted out the hundred pounds, and shoved them across the table to his companion, who quickly gathered the money up, with a muttered " thank ye, sir," aud then hurried from the room. He did not stop for his breakfast in the servants' hall, but glided out at the front entrance, notwithstanding the black looks of the housekeeper, who happened to be passing through the great hall at that moment, and walked swiftly in the direction of the village. Lord Callonby did not heed the break fast bell when it rang, and refused to eat when a servant brought him something on a salver. He Bat hours, pondering upon the strange story he had heard. He suffered agony at the thought of an un known enemy ; he could fight, and fight bravely, if he knew whom he was to encounter, and knew how to arrange his forces ; but this enemy in ambush wa3 a terror to him. It would be worse than death now, to lose his wealth, title, and position. Months passed, and a3 the villain to whom he had given the hundred pounds did not show himself again, and he did not hear anything further regarding the mysterious stranger, gradually his anxiety ceased, and he gave himself up to his former enjoyments once more. ; CHAPTER XVII. AT THE ADIRONDACKS. Mrs Preston Pontiac and her interests have been long neglected by us, and it is but justice to that wily woman, consider ing her numerous plots and plans, and the important part she has in connection with this story, that she should be brought upon the stage of action. After the serious quarrel between her son and Mr Dispeau, which had well- nigh cost them their luxurious home, she turned over a new leaf, or seemed to, in the journal of her life. She appeared so humble and penitent, and so exerted her self to make amends for her son's in gratitude, that Mrs Dispeau, whose health seemed to be failing, was quite won over by her delicate attentions, and' began to think that Francss was not really so bad at heart after all. She was well-educated, cultivated, and refined, and having for so many years moved in the best of society, through the influence of -Mr Dispeau's family, she had the most perfect self-possession, and could adapt herself to the oapacity of any one. She had a low, sweet voice, and was a good reader, and little by little Bhe tempted Mrs Dispeau, who had been pro hibited by her physician from reading, to listen to her until she came to be her con stant companion. ; In this way she gainedtbe opportunity she' 'coveted — that of knowing all that went on within the house ; she knew whenever a letter waB received from Madge, and usually was successful in making herself acquainted with its con tents. Once, however, she was foiled com pletely, for the letter containing Nora's sad history was carefully garded until its contents had been well considered, and destroyed ; for Mr Dispesu did note steem it safe to keep anything so momentous upon paper, as its discovery might lead to disastrous results. Madame Frances was on the alert the instant she realised that there was some thing mysterious iu those closely written pages, and her curiosity was aronsed to the . highest pitch, when, immediately after, Mr Dispeau made a journey to ' Institute, which she knew must have been caused by Madge's letter. Her sou; Fred, was .instantly called to a consultation, and a letter at once, des patched to Madame Upton. ; but beyond the story which was allowed to go abroad in the school— -that Mr Dispeau had adopted Nora — they could learn nothing. .Not until . just before the summer vacation and Mr Dispeau's tour abroad, was anything said about it in the family ; then Mrs Dispeau informed Mrs Pontiac that her husband had adopted her daughter's friend, who would return trith her at the close of -the school, and that henceforth she was to be considered a member of the family, and would share equally with Madge in everything. Knowing this much already, Mrs Pon- , tiac's cariosity was not abated one iota, while her son was much exercised as he recalled Mrs Upton's words regarding Nora daring his interview with her at the institute ; there seemed to he some mystery connected with the Irish charity scholar ; 4and he believed that there was more in this new arrangement than was made manifest to any one. Their perplexity was not relieved, nor their cariosity abated, even after the arrival of the lovely stranger. Preparations were immediately begun for their departure to the mountains, aud Mr Dispeau journeyed abroad upon " important business." This was such an upthought of pro ceeding on his part, that they could account far it in no .way, as' he had. no business " connection with Europe, and -had always said he should not visit the " old country," until Madge's education should be .completed, when he intended to -take: hk" family, make a tour, abroad, and visit the count, his brother. \- "I can't understand it; something is going on without doubt, which we are unable to fathom," said Frederick Pon tiac; during the consultation with his mother on the subject, an3 evidently very much out of temper on account of it. \- "Important business 1" repeated his mother. ' "I do not doubt that, aud it is that very importance which nettles me so. I'll, wager anything it is connected with that girl— there is more connected with her advent in this family than we know of.?' , " Of that I am fully convinced, and have beeii ever since I first saw her. No beggar could ever carry herself as she does ; there is blue blood in her veins, or I am much mistaken," returned his mother. "That is so without doubt. -She is. as dainty a bit of flesh and blood as I ever beheld in my life. ' Not prond and regal like Madge, but sweet and lovable as au angel, yet possessing a certain dignity, almost hauteur, that keeps everybody at a proper distance." "Really Fred,, you are becoming en thusiastic. If ear Madge's star is on the wane," laughed his mother, sarcastically. "Not a bit pf it; Madge is a- fixed planet. But any one can see Mth half an eye that Miss Dkpeau'u friend, and protegee is far above the'' ! average of humanity." ' " There is another myaterioila thing connected with her," Mrs Pontiac said. " I. slipped into her room the' other day when they were all out shopping, and found the' loveliest j e wels in her casket— they fairly make my eyes ache to look at them. She has one ring that would buy all that I possess, a necklace that is perfectly dazzling, a diamond and emerald cross, and other rings fit far a princess. I know Albert Dispeau never bought her those jewels, for they are far more Valu able than any Madge has, besides being very different in Btyle from what is worn here. Bat what struck me as most singular of all, was an elaborate star engraved on each separate piece with the letters, C. Y. H. C. in the four spaces between the points, and in the fifth the initals C: C." "Ha? what do you say? That is a coat of arms 1 Depend upon it, little Miss Mystery is an exile of noble birth in disguise, and Albert Dispeau's business abroad is to reinstate her, if possible, in her former position 1" exclaimed the young man, excitedly. " Pshaw, Fred the romantic element in your nature carries you beyond all reason. What possible connection can the initials C. C. have with the name of Nora McNeal ?" " None, apparently, but there is such a thing as assuming a false name ; and putting thiB and that together, the old man's journey to Europe, the mysterious star and letters, the sudden interest in, aud adoption .of oue of whom nobody knew anything before, all mean some thing more than appears on the surface. You know there is a title in the Dispeau family ; and, mark my words, the girl will prove to be some sort of a relative, and in some way connected with a coronet 1 It is all very vexatious to be kept so in the dark, and you do not seem to have used your ears to quite so good an advantage as usual," concluded the young man, impatiently. " I have tried to, you may be assured ; but tho utmost secrecy seems to be observed ou this subject in the family. No allusion is ever made to her having recently become an inmate of the house hold, aud a stranger would never imagine but that she had been born and brought up with Madge. " I do not know why it is, but I have a fear that something is to com of it all, to interfere with my plans regarding Madge," said Frederick Pontiac, moodily ; adding: "I need not urge you, I sup pose, to be wary and watchful." "They go to the mountains next week," replied his mother, evasively. " They 1 Aren't yon included in the party ?" he demanded, sharply. " No. Albert gave me a cheque for five hundred, ' to go somewhere and take a rest with,' she said. I am confident that Madge is at the bottom of it, the hateful minx, for I can see she regards me with suspicion ; and even the fact of my being on the best of terms with her mother does not deceive her. I can't force myself on them, so I am going to Long Branch and have a good time. To tell the truth, I am rather weary, of playing the spy, and trying to be good. It does not pay — is not exciting enough, and I shall be glad to escape it for a while," Mrs Pon-" tiac answered, with a yawn. " But everything depende upon our knowledge ,of their movements. Cannot you manage some way to go with them ? I'm afraid Madge will meet some one she will like, and then I shall have a time of it, indeed." " No ; I'm not going to be trammelled with watching a chit of a girl like her. I shall go to Long Branch ; so say no more about it," returned his mother, deci sively. "Then I shall follow them to the mountains myself. I suppose M- G. Roberts will accompany his inamorata," sneered the dutiful son. " Oh, ye3, 1 presume he'll follow in my train as long as he thinks there is any chance for him. He is very convenient, though, poor fellow." she laughed. . "You'd -better marry him, and have done making- a fool of both him and yourself," retorted Fred, spitefully. "No, indeed, thank you ; as -I can't have the one I'd like, I'll have none." " Pshaw 1 At all events, I shall go myself to the mountains, if you do not," he replied. "Yes, and get unmercifully snubbed for your trouble. I think you are a down right fool, Fred ; there are.plenty of girls with fair fortnueB whom you might marry if you chose ; and before I'd struggle'and fight so for that hussy I would avail, myself of the winning smiled of some one eke." . . " Thank you ; you would arrange it all very nicely, I've no doubt: Bat; to' quote your ; own sentiments, if I cannot have the . one I want,'. I'll not have any. No, madame, I will marry Madge Dispeau, .or I will ruin myself in the attempt.. to get her, " he concluded, fiercely. "I know what I will do," he exclaimed, after seve ral minutes' deep thought. " I will send the Rev. Priscilla along as Bpy-general, aud if she doesn't v>atch well no one will. If she sends me evil tidings, I will go and abduct Madge -on the spot, and -force her to marry me. I expect it will have to come to that in the end any way." "Do as you like, only don't ask me to go. If. Albert' were going to be of the party, 1 might be tempted, not 'other wise," Baid Mrs Pontiac, and the matter was settled. The Dispeau family left for the Adiron- dacks the next week. They had rooms at a first-class hotel in one of the oharming villages which'nestle so cosily in the sha dow pf those everlasting hills. They were charmed with everything at once. The mountain air was purity itself ; their rooms, which were' cheerful and ele gant, commanded a magnificent view. Their host was a pleasant and genial man, -and untiring in his attentions, and they congratulated themselves heartily upon being .- so comfortably aud delightfully situated. Imagine the dismay ol Madge and Nora, then, on. going down to dinner the day after -their arrival to behold Madame Upton sitting in serene dignity directly opposite their own seats at table. She gave the young- ladieB a most affable greeting, enlarging upon the unexpected pleasure (?) of- meeting them there, eto., and. then cast a look of anxious expectation towards. Mrs Dispeau. Beyond a haughty bow from Madge, and a gentle, though cool, " How do you do, Mrs Upton ?" from Nora, no farther notice was taken of that lady during the meal, and she was obliged to eat her din ner in uncomfortable silence, and without the coveted introduction to Madge's mother. . " The proud, arrogant jade 1 _ she shall smart for this if I ever have the chance to make her," Boliloquised the irate matron, as she eyed the party askance from behind : her gold-bowed spectacles. .She had cast aside the silver-! bowed ones since the promise of the money , from Pontiac, \ ; "Such insufferable insolence'I will not tolerate," cried indignant,. Madge, when they were in their rooms again. "It is some more of Frederick Pontiac's work," she continued; "but I shall x spoil his little game for him. As for having our summer, ruined and our actions spied upon, it shall not be. " Madge, Madge, what is the matter ; and what are you talking so passionately about ?" demanded Mrs Dispeau, who had been watching her angry daughter in surprise. " You remarked that woman ' opposite us at dinner, did you not, mamma ?" ' " Yes, dear, and I thought her rather prepossessing in appearance. I wondered that you did nob introduce me, as you both seemed to know her." " I did not choose to please her onough to do that." " Madge, what has come over you ? I never Baw yon display Bach a spirit of vindictiveness before." "I will tell you, mamma, and you'll own I have cause. I have not mentioned it before, because you had so much else to think of, besides not being well, and while at school I thought I ought to fight my own battles. And I did, with Nora's help, most gloriously." Aud Madge glanced over at Nora with a meaning smile. She then related all Mrs Upton's petty persecution both of herBelf and Nora ; describing her interview in the school parlor 'with Fred Pontiac, and the conspi racy which she felt confident, from his own admissions, he had formed with; the matron, and ended by proclaiming her the spy and accomplice of that young man. (To be Conlintlet ). 