THE STORYTELLER. AN EPISODE OF THE BRIS- BANE FLOOD. By ETHEL MILLS. I. Clare lay back in a squatter chair, and watched the swirling waters, her idle hands folded in her lap, her eyes expressing dreamy contentment. Her aunt and chaperon, Mrs. Menzies, sat on a straight- backed chair, and knitted quickly. Her back was towards the submerged river flats, and her attitude showed distinct dis- approval of the existing order of things. Cherry Chilcott, Clare's orphan cousin, walked up and down the verandah "raging," for that is the only word that could express her mood. Into this feminine element strode Clare's father, burly Sam Lyster, smiling ap- provingly on his daughter and widowed sister, but exchanging a hostile glance with his dark-eyed little niece as he passed her. "Just got news that the ringbarkers are cut off at the ti-tree bend. Most of the men are away shifting sheep down the river, so I shall have to go myself with Clem and Arthur. We may not be back for a couple of days, as it's all pulling against stream, confound it!" he said. "How very annoying!" said his sister, smoothing her silk dress with her plump little hands. "Shall we be safe here? The noise frightens me dreadfully." "Quite safe. The water has stopped rising. Good-bye, all of you. I haven't a moment to spare." "Take care of yourself, dad," smiled Clare. "I know you can all swim, so I shan't be anxious." "Good-bye, Uncle Sam," cried Miss Chil- cott, quite effusively, and she ran to the steps to watch the embarking, a joyful light in her gipsy eyes. There was no love lost between uncle and niece, for Sam had decided theories on the subject of women, holding them inferior beings in every re- spect, and quite incapable of judging for themseives, especially in matters pertaining to the other sex. He discouraged the visits of young men to Wandabrae on prin- cipal, and brought up his only daughter in almost convent-like seclusion. Clare was of a contented, dreamy nature, and found her music and painting and easy life enough for her needs. She had always been sent out of the way when men appeared, and as she grew to womanhood her shyness increased, and Sam Lyster found no difficulty in guarding his ewe lamb from the ravening wolves in the shape of timid young bush- men on the look-out for a wife. Clare had money of her own, too, and Lyster was not anxious to have its control pass into other hands. But when penniless pretty Cherry Chil- cott came to live at Wandabrae Sam's troubles began. Instead of flying like a frightened hare to the further rooms of the big rambling house at the advent of a man, Cherry would put on her most becom- ing garden hat, and be most innocently in evidence. And when, as sometimes hap- pened, an introduction was unavoidable, instead of blushing and answering dis- creetly "yes" and "no", Miss Cherry would chatter and laugh, and display all her little attractions of manner, until even Sam's scowls and discouragement were powerless to prevent the more intrepid ones from "calling again". A silent war was waged between uncle and niece, in which the latter was worsted, for there is no autocrat so powerful as a station owner, and the dullness of Wandabrae remained, as a rule, undisturbed. He was very seldom away, and Cherry, watching the yellow flood waters, groaned in spirit to think of the opportunity lost because of that, far-reaching watery bar- rier. She had a wild wish to do something to break the monotony, and to pay Uncle Sam out for his selfishness, but what was there to do? Suddenly an idea came to her. "What is the name of the next station down the river?" she inquired, carelessly. "Mistral Downs," said Clare; "I went there once when I was a little girl, but it is owned by a bachelor now, a Mr. M'Pher son." "Do you know him?" "Oh no. Father went there once; he says it is a man's place altogether—no ladies ever go there." Mrs. Menzies sighed suddenly, and Cherry looked at her quickly. Could it be possible that this plump, pretty little woman was also rather tired of the Adamless Eden? "It is close to the river, is it not?" she said. "Quite close—on some high ground by Mistral Creek, which runs out of the river just there." "I wonder," said Cherry, abruptly chang- ing the subject, "if we could save those poor fowls all in a row on the roof?" Clare jumped up to look. She was sin- cerely attached to her fowls. "I thought father had taken them off long ago," she said, her blue eyes troubled at the sight of the dejected row on the fowl-house roof. "There's your own little boat here still," said Cherry, "and it's all back water; let us row out and get them, and Aunty shall come, too, and steer." Six days cooped up in the house had made even Mrs. Menzies anxious for a little change, and Clare hailed the idea with de- light. Both she and Cherry could row well, and the boat was tied conveniently to the verandah post, so that Cherry had her crew aboard in no time. The fowls were rescued one by one, and then Cherry suggested rowing a little further out, to get a view of the main chan- nel of the river, which was interesting, from the varied nature of its freight just now. What happened exactly neither of the girls would quite say. Whether Mrs. Menzies pulled the wrong rope, or Cherry took too great a sweep with her left oar it is impossible to say, but the little boat shot out of the peaceful backwater into midstream, and went whirling down at a great pace, racing the floating logs and myriad pumpkins like a live thing. Luckily, neither Clare nor Cherry lost their heads, and stuck manfully to the oars, though they could do little more than guide the boat and shout to Mrs. Menzies to stick to the ropes. It seemed only a moment before house and outbuildings of Wandabrae had melted Into furthest dis- tance. "Oh, Cherry!" cried Clare. "We shall all be drowned." Cherry's little face was unusually pale. She had no idea that the current was so strong. The river was not a large one, and she had often heard it described as "slug- gish", but it was anything but sluggish now. "If you don't lose your head, Clare, and auntie looks well ahead, I can't see that we are in much danger; we have been down the river a little way before, and we know what to do, and we can try and turn into the first creek we see." "Mistral Creek is the first, and that is miles down, and we may never be able to get out of the channel," wailed Clare. "Well, save your strength, for it's our only chance," answered Cherry, fending off the submerged branches of a willow with her oar. "We had far better prepare ourselves for death," cried Mrs. Menzies. "If I only hadn't my good silk on I would not mind so much. And if we are all drowned, your uncle will be so angry." "Well, his anger can't hurt ghosts," said Cherry unfeelingly, but she saw that if Mrs. Menzies was to be kept from col- lapsing altogether sympathy must be with held. 