CHAPTER XXXIII HERE ARE THE PROOFS OF YOUR DIS- HONOUR." One by one, as birds migrate from former homes, the guests of Lord Leigh had departed, and Violet was alone, except for Mabel and her governess, whose company she had beggedd of her Aunt Ain- slie. Grace Fanshwaw and Lady Clare Montressor were arranging trusseaux, and the bridegrooms elect Chuchill and Hartington, had gone off with Lord Leigh to a little shooting box he owned in the Highlands, to make havoc through October with the game. Violet was not asked to go. 'The box had no place, said Leigh, 'for women's parapher- nalia.' Gore went with them, and others were to meet them, alas, as Violet learned casually, two who were terribly given to gaming. ' And there would be a chance for a pot of thousands changing hands,' said Gore. Frantic with anxiety, Violet suddenly conceived the idea of appealing to Keith. She wrote him, under cover to Lady Burton, begging him to invite himself to the hunting party, and to watch over Leigh. The response was a telegram, received by Leigh, the day before they departed, asking if there was room at the " Box" to give Keith a season with the birds. ' I shall tell him to come,' said Leigh to Violet, handing her the despatch. ' You won't be there to drive him off by your rebuffs, and, between us two, I feel surer of myself, and safer with Keith than without him.' Violet said not a word. She was noticing the expression on Hartington's face, when he heard of Keith's request. Child as she was, that look was a revelation. She saw that Hartingtou had in- tended to lure Leigh into gaming and drinking. An intense pity for this Leigh, with his strong, heredi- tary passions, his Mephistopheles for ever on the watch at his el- bow, possessed the soul of Violet. Pity is akin to tenderness. She took Leigh's arm, and said : ' Let us walk out along the elm avenue.' He yielded to the guiding of her touch, and when they were alone, under the grand arches of the elms, she said : 'Norman, you are going away, and I do not want you to go feel- ing cold or angry with me. I wish to please yon . Do not be offended with me about Lord Keith or any one. I desire only to make you happy. Will you think of, and write to me when you are gone?' 'I'm a deuced bad hand at letter writing,' said Leigh, 'but I may drop you a line. Yes, I shall certainly think of you, for you are, after all, a really good little crea- ture, Violet, and give a man very little trouble.' That was faint praise, but it was better than nothing. ' Norman' said Violet, ' I don't want to make you angry with any one, but —Colonel Hartington is not your friend.' 'That is no news, my dear, I al- ways knew that.' ' My aunt says—that — he and Clare count already on your suc- cession. They think you look but poorly.' 'I hope to outlive them both!' cried Leigh; 'but then, Violet, if you only had a son their schemes would bo knocked to pieces whether I lived or died. I say, Violet, you don't know how I should care for you if you check- mated Hartington by a robust little Lord of Leigh.' 'Norman heaven may send us a blessing like that if we are wor- thy of it, but for the present let me tell you what I fear. I fear Colonel Hartington thinks that you can be tempted with cards and brandy, and he means to do it, and so help on your poor health, excite your nerves, spoil your sleep, wear you out. Now, will you be on your guard against him ? I saw a great deal in his face when he heard that telegram. He is sorry Keith will be there. He thinks Keith will advise you for your good.' ' And, by Jove, I'll take Keith's advice against the colonel's any day, and outwit my good heir presumptive. He is older than I am by ten years. What is he counting on my death for, con- found him ?' ' I shall feel much better, if I know you are to be safe, and look out for your health, and get the benefit of that bracing mountain air,' said Violet . Well, well, I'll do my best; and I'll meet you at your aunt's, for the holidays, at Lindenwood, or I'll be here by the first of Decem- ber, and take you to Lindenwood.' Thus Leigh and his friends set off for the shooting box in the North, and Violet was left to her self in the great, desolate, ancient mansion. What was her joy on the third day of her absolute reign, while she was trying by embroidery to while away the time until Mabel met her governess were done with morning lessons, to receive a letter from Lady Burton, saying that as she was alone, and her son had gone North, she would like to come to the Towers for a visit. Violet answered by a Telegram, and could hardly wait the three days more, until she might drive to the station to meet her best friend. A time of peace then came to the Coun'tess of Leigh. Lady Burton scarcely ever mentioned Kenneth, or anything that con- cerned him, except as she read aloud his very general and graphic letters, about their life at the "Box." There was much about Leigh in them, always anything that could be to Leigh's advan- tage. The breezy, heathful, sim- ple life was described, and without those letters Violet wouud scar- cely have known how her husband fared, for Leigh sent only a brief note at intervals of a fortnight or so. The woods were thinned by the November winds when Lord Leigh came back to the Towers. Violet was alone when he came, and con- stant to her sweet endeavour to do her duty, and establish right feel- ings between them, she welcomed him with a warmth that even sur- prised herself. But after the pleasures of the chase, and a lodge full of young men, wiih their active life and en- joyments, home palled speedily, upon Leigh. There was nowhere in particular for him to go before the wedding of Clare and Miss Fanshaw, and soon Leigh had fallen back into his habit of re- treating to that deadly haunt over the Black Pool. One day, after hours of pacing up and down the upper room, he flung himself upon a low lounge covered with leopard skins, and slept. He woke, roused by a light touch on his brow. The touch mingled with his dreams. ' Edna,' he said,' Edna, have I found you ?' Then his eyes opened, and he lay looking wonderingly into the face bent over his. ' No, no, you have not found Edna, you will never find her ; she has another lover ; but I have none but you. It is I - Helen. Say you are glad to see me, Nor- man.' ' Here again! You hunt me, like the ghost of a crime.' 'And am I not such to you? Was it not a crime to arouse all the passionate, repressed heart that had never loved before; and when I adored you, to fling all my devotion back in my face with cruel mockery?' ' Love goes where it is sent,' said Leigh, pushing her from him, and rising up. ' You seem capable of doing anything to secure me; and you should understand how I would have done anything to secure Edna. For her I sought you, as my only avenue to her. You were blind, indeed, not to see from the first that I had no serious intentions toward you.' ' Why should I see that? Am I not accomplished beyond most women, and does no my glass tell me I am handsomer than most ?' ' No doubt ; but remember your birth. Who and what are you to male with a Leigh ?' Have a care, Norman. You fling my birth in my face ; has it not stung me with scorpions since ever I knew how and why I differed from other people ? Do you not know that", in women such as I am, love has a twin sister called hate, and devotion has an other side —even revenge ? Who and what are you, to boast over me? What blood was your mother, pray tell me ?' ' Honest, at least, and her father an English officer, her mother of a family of rank. Silence girl, am I to justify my lineage to you, a foundling ?' Helen sprang to her feet , white with rage, a mad, inarticulate cry passed her lips. 'I will bring your accursed pride to the ground!' she said, stamping with frenzy. 'I will drag you down! I have been searching out the history of your family. Your mother was mar- ried before she married Lord Leigh.' ' She was not!' ' She was! I have seen the record , married to an attorney in Ireland. How do you know that I cannot prove she married your father while her first husband lived, or that you were the at- torney's child ? Do you not know how your cousin stands ready to seize your inheritance, and Lady Clare, who will soon be his wife, hates you, whom once she hoped to marry ? And if I go to them with these suggestions, and tell what I know, will they not fill England with their ciamour ? If they do not unseat you, they will drag you and your story forth, a target for the arrows of every tongue. I will go to them. As I cannot have love, I will have re- venge. I will urge them to investi- gate your claim. I will dethrone you from this seat of Leigh, wherein you boast over me.' \- 'You? Impossible! Who would listen to such frivolous sugges- tions, or heed your made tale, or count you other than a crazed ad- venturess? Who would help you ?' 'I would help her!' came a voice from the doorway. Lord Leigh and Helen turned simultaneously; a man of middle age—a short, spare, sinewy frame, bronzed face, keen eyes, shaggy hair, and rough beards—stood look- ing eagerly, triumphantly at them both. There was a malign sparkle in his eyes when they fell upon Leigh, and a strange leaping flame over his whole face, when he turned toward Helen. But the effect of his gaze on Helen was singular : she shuddered from head to foot, gave a low cry, and avert- ing her face, as if she could not look on him, she rushed past him, and fled from ' The Earl's Folly.' One instant the stranger spread his hands, as if to detain her. Then he stayed himself and turned to Leigh. 'Yes, I will help her. By Jove a handsome woman shall not want a coadjutor, while Bart Kemp is above ground.' (to be continued.) 