i hi 1 1 imi -i mi ii i mi in ii i i ii i mi ii mm i i urn i ROUND-ABOUT NOTES. By " The Casual. "1 Musical criticism may be classed as one of the fine arts. Most musicians — alleged and otherwise — are very -sensitive creatures and require most gentle handling. They can stand any amount of marmalade, which may be laid on with a trowel, but you must not prick them even with a pin, else you are called a barbarian, a Philistine, a person without a soul. The average country newspaper-man has to attempt to pass an expert opinion on every thing, from a mammoth pumpkin to a nocturne by Chopin, or one of Beethoven's sonatas, but if he is possessed of a modicum of ordinary horse sense he generally writes as little as he possibly can about musical .performances, and contents himself with " splendid renderings," " brilliant executions," and such like marmalad- .ing. Now and again, however, one comes across a scribe who can play " For he's a jolly good fellow " with variations on the piano, and who is conversant with the current musical slang — each art has a technical voca bulary or slang of its own — and that sort of individual generally lets him self go for all he is worth when writ ing a musical critique. "The Casual " rather envies such facility in the use of expressions which have no meaning whatever for the man in the street and the woman on the omnibus, but he would advise some of his friends to look up their biographical dictionaries and verify the facts before penning another musical criticism. It is quite true Australians greatly admire Wal lace's works, because they vainly imagine he composed the opera " Mari- tana " while resident in Australia, but it shows a great lack of knowledge to . credit the opera " Martha " to that composer. Such a glaring error com- iiiiiiiiiiim ' 1 1 in hi pletely detracts from the value of the criticism and the writer of' a recent critique should in future strictly con fine himself to the marmalading pro cess — he really is an expert with the trowel, but is woefully weak in biographical musical knowledge. $ 1! . Latterly our Borough Council ap pears to have had a very placid and peaceful existence. Money is fairly plentiful — rates are being paid instead of owed — and the aldermen find scope for their superabundant energies in discussing the merits of cinders as a top dressing and shaking hands with themselves when the bank book shows a credit balance. The time when the ferry revenue will cease and when the subsidy on rates will be dis continued is just far enough ahead not to disturb the equinamity of our civic fathers. The present Council — or so many as attend the meetings, generally a bare quorum — is a very happy family, and the felicity extends to the Council officers. Even the Inspector of Nuisances has caught the infection and he reports " that there is no stray stock nuisance, and that the Borough is in a very satisfactory sanitary condition." A3 a practical commentary on such a glowing report, I did hear that while the Council was sitting the other night, by some strange influence all the straying horses about town were gathered to gether within the enclosure of the Good Templars' Hall, and just as the alder men were going home by some strange coincidence those horses were being turned out from the enclosure into Belgrave-street. And later on, it is said, one of the aldermen fell over those poddy calves who roost uuder the verandah of the store recently occupied by Mrs. Wallace. The animals on Friday night must have all conspired together to detract from the value of our sanitary inspector's fortnightly lucubration. ' The rumour of trouble in the Trans vaal has fired the warlike young Aus tralian, and he is tumbling over him self in volunteering for the fight, which may never come off. These pugnacious young men never give a thought to the justice of a quarrel. The Boers are sticking up for their just rights, and simply want to govern their country, which they hold by right of colonization and conquest, in their own way. They very rightly object to have their Parliament swamped by aliens, who for the most part are representatives of Israelite syndicates and corpulent capitalists. All the blood and treasure expended by Britain in the Egyptian troubles for the last 15 years should have taught us a lesson. The democracy of Britain and Australia ought not to be led by the nose by the money lenders. It is all very well to brag and bluster about Imperial expansion and other such flapdoodle, but that expansion means in nine cases out often a filibustering Britisher robbing the poor native of all he holds dear. The average expansionist generally goes about his business with a revolver in oue hand, a Bible in the other, and a bottle of poisonous gin in his coat tail pocket. If the revolver misses fire, the gin is brought into requisition and generally finishes the unsophisticated barbarian. The Boers are a cut above the ordinary native, however, and are a God-fearing, peace able race of people, and possess the great virtue of being willing to die in defence of their homes. The Britisher is as much an alien in the Transvaal as. a Chinaman or a kanaka is in New South Wales, and the Boers are quite within their rights in refusing to allow their homeland to be governed by the representatives of grasping, greedy Jew syndicates, who will stick ai nothing in their lust lor gold. Y.d ' there are Australians, who pride the n- .selves on their democracy, anxious and willing to filch the freedom fro in I III II !«!! lull their South African brethren.. The whole thing is a howling farce anyhow. Britain is strong enough to fight her own battles, and will be in a very poor way when she really needs the help of a few Australian thirsters for .gore. Besides, our young belligerents should possess their souls in patience. Who knows but in a short time we may have to fight to the bitter end in defence of hearth and home, and it is to be hoped that wheD that time comes — as it surely will — the youug Aus tralians will prove themselves as good a fighters as the Boers have in the past. o o o \ Here is a little story told by .a prominent Queensland politician at the late anniversary meeting of the Brisbane Chamber of Commerce : — > " Two frogs fell into a dish of milk. One of the frogs was of the desparing helpless kind. He battled fop some time, and then coming to the conclusion that the fates were against him, he gave up the struggle and the ghost at' the same time. The other frog was of more optimistic in dividual. He had no idea of giving in so long as he could make a fight for existence. He therefore struck out briskly, and kept going so long that at . last be found himself landed high and dry on a pat of butter. He had worked or ratlier churned out his own salvation." A moral of this story lieth in the application thereof. Many a man engaged in farming or' other rural pursuits gets on all right till difficulties occur, and then losing heart he gives up the struggle and goes down, whilst other men never give in while there is the slightest chance of pulling things round. ' Such men usually find themselves -safely -auded on a pat. of butter. 