LOVE'S BATTLEFIELD. A TALE OF VICTORIA AND SOUTH AFRICA BY "W.W." It was a pretty picture that the sun shone graciously on that afternoon in the garden of Rose Cottage. An aecacia tree in full blossom shaded the little corner summer-house over which bloom ed a tanerle of the rich blossoms that grave the humble cottage Its name. But it was not on the roses or the accacia that the eyes of Georgre West rested. It was on the figure of Minnie Trent who lounged in a hammock carefully slung under the branches of the big tree. Well, it was a fair picture, no doubt, hut then young West looked upon It with the eyes of a lover, and his imagination glorified it. Neither the silken hammock or the young girl's attire were in keeping with the little cottage and its surround ings, and Minnie herself had the air of a petulant spoiled child who was vain of herselt in every way, and was foolishly permitted to embellish herself with lacy frippery of all sorts. Minnie could be charming when it suited her humor, but she was not charming at all times in spite of her pretty petite figure, and saucy blue eyes peeping from under a ripple of fair curls. It was from the window of the littk- parlor that George gazed at his cousin, and his gentle widowed mother sat in her chair gazing at him with a pitiful sad ness in her face. Mrs West was a small, slight woman, with a good many more than fifty years on her grey hairs, and the deep mother-love could be read in her faded eyes as they rested sadly upon her stalwart only son. As If his mother's eyes drew him George turned and looked at her, "I was looking at Minnie," he said, a little flush rising to his face. "I guessed it, my dear," was the reply. "She is very sweet and pretty," he said, in a low tone as he seated himself by the widow's side. Mrs West shook her head. "Minnie is not what she was, my dear. I don't know why it is that she grows so vain and selfish and domineering." "Mother!" "It is true, my boy, don't shut your eyes to facts. My poor sister certainly spoiled the girl, hut she had her father's strong common sense to help her as she grew older, and when she came to us an orphan, I had every hope that her loss would be in the end a great gain to the poor child." "You judge too harshly, mother," George said in a low tone, "Minnie is pretty and knows it, what young girl does not? She is very young, a few years may change her greatly. It is natural that she should love amuse ments and dress and that, but her heart is in the right place." "I hope so, my dear, I hope so, but I fear for you. She has not been the same girl since that legacy so unexpectedly fell to her. She gives herself airs which her friends resent." George looked sadly serious for a few moments' silence, and then he asked quietly, "Mother, do you really think it would he better for Minnie if she did not possess that money?" "I am sure of it my son, but she would not think so. She thinks it gives her a consequence and a claim to precedence that she has no right to." "I came with had news mother, and I was afraid to tell it. Loudon, with whom the trustees invested Minnie's money, has absconded; she will never see a penny of it." "It will be a terrible shock to her George, but if she really loves my boy it will not kill her." "Really loves me! Mother, you do not doubt that?" he cried in consternation. "I really do sometimes. But there, my boy, do not mind me. Old people fancy they know everything, but, oh George, be sure that she does before you link your life with hers." "You may be sure that I will, mother dear. I know what a dreadful thing is home without love, and you know I am too proud a man to accept a woman's ' hand unless the heart is in It. Minnie will have to be told of her misfortune. "Will you tell her, mother?" "Oh", I daren't, George; it will be awful. J darenot."- "Then I must. I wiUgo to -her now." The young man went out the back door, and his foot on the gravel roused the capricious little beauty who was the - very core of his heart She struggled to a sitting posture, yawned with her arms stretched over her head among the sweet accacia flowers that dropped their loose petals on her bright hair, and then slid from the hammock to her feet. "Are you back so soon?" the pretty red lips asked with an affected air of wonder. "I wonder you can come at all to this miserable home. Oh, what a life!" "Why do you remain in the house so, Minnie, dear? I thought you were go ing to spend the afternoon with Nellie Breton." "It's not any pleasure to me to be in Nellie Breton's company," she said, dis dainfully, "and it's detestable the way she pushes herself on me; because, for sooth. I have a cousin she admires." "Miinnie, you should not say such things," George said, seriously. "I shall say whatever I like," she de clared, with a toss of the little head, and an affected arrangement of her fal-lals. "Why shouldn't I? I'm my own mis tress, I suppose?" "No, dear Minnie, you're mine — the mis tress of my heart," and he tried to take ber hand, but she wilfully snatched it from him. "What rubbish! I'm sick of being spoken to as a child." Young West's handsome face clouded. "I do not know this mood, Minnie. What has come over you? Is it an insult to tell you that I love you? You have known that for a long time, and have led me to believe mat you reciprocated my true affection." "A larrikin's love! Truly it is a compli ment to be the recipient of it!" "What!" he cried, drawing back a little, as his face paled, "what is that you have said, Minnie?" "You heard well enough. I said that it was a larrikin's love you were offering me, and that I failed to see the honor of it." Minnie was half frightened at the effect of her words, but she would have died rather than let her lover see it. She raised herself on her tip-toes to pluck a half-open rose, which she arranged care fully in the bosom of her white dress. If she had dared to look in George's face during those few seconds she would have seen a white face and flashing eyes, and a strong effort at control by a young fel low who was too genuine to be any wo man's slave. "Do you mean seriously to call me a larrikin?" he asked, at length. "I am not in the habit of eating my words," she retorted, frigidly. "I said that your love was a larrikin's love." "If you consider me one of the con temptible class, will you kindly explain by what conduct of mine you can justify it? I do not think you know the mean ing of the insulting term. Will you tell me what your idea of a larrikin is?" "It is refreshing to hear you acknow ledge your ignorance for once. I think a larrikin is a young man, who— who — oh, he is coarse and, noisy, and fond of the society of other larrikins and larri- kinnesses, and he likes loud clothes— (here Miss Minnie glanced contemptu ously at George's red tie)— "and— and smokes horrible cigarettes, and things." "Very lucid!" George said, dryly, as he glanced down at his irreproachable tweeds, "but the cap does not fit me." "It does! I saw you last evening stand ing under a verandah— a corner veran dah — with half-a-dozen like yourself. It was sickening, and one of them was that detestable brother of Nellie Breton." "Edward Breton Is no larrikin, and he is my friend," George said, stiflly. "Oh, of course, and his sister is your friend, too! And, pray, what is shebut a larrikinness?" "You are going too far, Minnie. You demean yourself by speaking in that manner of a girl who has been a faithful little friend to you." "Because I have money! That's what I owe her bread and butter friendship to"! And that's what I owe your insulting at tempts to form my opinion, too, Mr West, and your larrikin's love is for my purse and not for myself!" It was too much! George choked back the words that tried to burst from his lips in a flood of anger, so that his words were cool, though his heart was beating like a steam hammer. "If your pitiful money has so warped every belief, It is well that you should lose it. You forget yourself in saying that I have paid you attention for the sake of your purse. I told you I loved you before you had any money, and your purse was very empty when you came here to my mother, an orphan. I do not know what has changed and hardened you, hut, if it was the money, it is well that it is gone." "Gone!" she repeated, in consternation, and her big blue eyes seemed to widen as she stared at him with unfeigned terror. "Yes, Minnie! I came from the office earlier to-day on purpose to break it to you. Loudon has absconded with your money as well as the money of others who had trusted him. I will go now, and do not fear that I shall ever again offer you my 'larrikin's love.' " The poor, silly little thing felt as if the whole earth had broken in pieces as far as she was concerned. The foolish girl loved George with all her heart, but she loved adulation, and to queen it even over George. She never guessed that it was a petulant jealousy of his favorite fr .end's sister, Nellie Breton, that had cul minated in the insulting words she had heaped upon him, and he left his mother that evening to make arrangements that would in all probability separate them for months and perhaps for ever. For days Minnie kept her room under a pretence of illness, and Mrs West's heart was so much hardened against the girl, whose selfish conduct she blamed for sending her good son away from her, that Minnie was. allowed to hide herself and her misery away as she pleased. Of course, her illness or disinclination to join Mrs West and George was set down to a selfish grief at her own monetary loss, and the breach widened daily between the girl and her only friends. George's , step never passed her door but her heart bounded with the hope- that he was coming to make friends with her, but he never came, and the day came when his steps no more resounded in the widow's home. No one told her what had happened until she could bear the silence no longer, when she heard it broken by the bitter weeping of her aunt. Opening her door, she followed the sounds into the parlor, and there, with her face hidden in the sofa pillows, and an old hat of George's clasped to her breast, she found Mrs West. "Oh, aunt, what has happened?" the poor little thing cried as she knelt by the sofa, and tried to take her aunt's little bony hand. "Can I do anything? Are you in pain? Oh, do tell me, please, for you frighten me!" "Go away, you wicked girl!" the poor widow said, pushing the pretty pale face from her with one feeble hand, "my heart is broken, and the fault is yours. This is the thanks you have given me for a home and kindness when there was no other door but mine open to you! You have driven my son from me, and made me desolate in my old age!" "Driven your son from you!" and poor Minnie got up from her knees, and tried to steady her trembling -little form by holding to the back of a chair. "Where is George?" "Don't you know? Didn't he tell you?" and Mrs West sat up and stared at the girl with tear-swollen eyes. "He told me nothing; he has scarcely spoken to me since — since I shamefully insulted him. I called him a larrikin, Aunt West. Oh, where is he?" The widow laughed a terrible laugh. "He has gone where some of the larrikin blood will be let out of him. He has gone with the Australian contingent to fight the Boers in South Africa. Go away, you wicked, vain girl, and leave me alone with my dead hopes!" Poor little broken-hearted Minnie tot tered from the room, her face white and ghastly, her eyes tearless. She thought she had been cruelly treated by George. She thought he might have bade her fare well; but she never tried to justify her own wicked words to him. There was a sorU.of truce patched up between the two bereaved women, who watched the papers, as the weeks went by, and fancied they could hear in their dreams the whizz of the terrible bullets, and the awful roar of the bursting, death-dealing shells in far away Africa. At last came a terrible day, with news of a great battle, and a list of the wound ed and missing of the Australian aorps that had taken part in it. The two women were sitting at the breakfast table when the late paper was delivered. It was Mrs West who unfolded it with trembling hands. Minnie watched, her face speechless, and then a terrible cry went up from the widow. "My son is dead!" she shrieked "and his blood is on your head! Read! about my brave lad, that you dared to nan a larrikin!" and with the words the dis tracted mother tossed the paper to Minnie, and hurried from the room to het own room. , . "We deeply regret to record the death of a member of our contingent, who has fallen at the front. Private George West died the death of a hero. The brave young fellow fell at the head of his corps, when gallantly storming the rocky heights.— Thaba Nulu." That was what the poor girl read as Mrs West knelt in her chamber, wrestling with her despair. That poor little Minnie was bitterly punished for her girlish jealousy and impudent words, is to say little — the news was nearly her death blow. When Mrs West, softened by her tears and her prayers, rose from her knees, and hastened to speak more pitifully to the stricken girl, she found her on the floor totally unconscious. Her swoon was a long and a dangerous one, and when Minnie recovered from it it was to lie for weary weeks on a bed of sickness. Her aunt' heart smote her often when she noted the sunken eyes and pinched face of the girl who had been so faulty, yet so sweet; tout week by week the blue eyes grew more lustreless, and the sunken cheeks more hollow. Minnie had no wish to live, nor did she seem to have the power to rally if she had had the wish. She took little note of what passed around her, and the widow's heart felt sad for the girl who had been her dead son's darling, but one day Minnie's sad eyes followed her aunt with a growing wonder. What had happened? Where was Mrs West's broken-hearted air, and her heavy steps? How could she forget so soon ? The widow's face was radiant, and her steps ugnt. unee or twice she paused by the bedside, as if she would have spoken, hut Minnie turned her face M away from her, and Mrs West crept on 9 tip-toe from the room. M And, presently, when the hot tears fj were welling from poor Minnie's eyes, j and rolling down the pale little cheeks, fj and when she was thinking of her lost m lover's white face, lying dead on the far 9 away African hillside, she heard the B door re-open. Not wishing her aunt to n see the tears, she could not repress, she I tried furtively to dry them with the sheet under her hand. To her awful. sur- I prise, her poor weak fingers were heid In 1 a warm grasp, and she turned in wonder 8 to see the face of her lover, not very far I from her, for he was kneeling by her I bedside. I It was no dead face she stared at, but a. I bronzed one, that seemed to her hand- I somer than ever. Of course it was not George, it was only imagination, for her I George was dead. Oh that terrible word J to the loving survivor in all lands! One 1 lost is dead! Once more little Minnie !| swooned. d When she recovered George held her 1 in one arm, and his mother was batting 1 her forehead with some essence. One I look into his face, and another at his I left arm, carried in a sling, and she put 1 out her little trembling hand to touch him, but she dare not, and drew it back. ;! "You need not fear, my Minnie," he A whispered. "It is really I. I was not '/ killed, but wounded, and have come back : invalided to my love. Oh, Minnie, my ; Minnie, how ill you have been! You look like a ghost! Oh, my darling, will . you I ever forgive me?" | "Forgive you. Hush, George, It is I | who need forgiveness; I was cruel and 51 nasty to you, and I do not deserve — " A "A larrikin lover." Jj "Oh, don't George, please don't. I '4 was wicked. I am thoroughly ashamed 1 to look you in the face after all I said, gj and I thought you were dead, and my re- jgj morse was killing me." M "Think no more of it, my darling; we fl have been wicked all round. Even mother M owns that she was cruel and harsh to H you, my Minnie. But it is all over, and B we three are going to be as happy as the B day is long." 9 And they were. Minnie got well rapid- 9 ly, and then there were preparations for m a "larrikin's" wedding. B (The End). fl MINNIE RAISED HERSELF TO A SITTING POSTURE. 