| LEtl, ROSS AND- BOB. I NO. HI. I Now, my grand idea was this. We had I to amuse Air. Harkness somehow. We | treuM give imii a wild dog hunt, and Dingo I should be the wild dog. I When I told the hoys they nearly fell out' I of the tree with delight. I It would be- almost as good "ask "the I (curnamenl. . . : : ; , I W e soon hxcd it us as right as rain. Tom; I the slaolc boy, would have to help us a bit: lie could take Dingo out to the Burnt Hut I paddock, and hide there in the scrub on the range till he saw us coming, and then a. few cracks with a whip, and Dingo "would give us a fine spin home. He would make straight for the stable yard, and Hurkness's face when we ran him to earth there would be a grand joke! It would not do to' take the kangaroo dogs with us; but old Boss, the sheep dog, and my kangaroo pnp Vesta could come just to make a bit of a show. It was just what might have been expect ed from Mr. Ilarkness that he kept us fool- lug about all the morning waiting for liim. 1'irat, lie could he ready in 20 minutes; then he had an important letter to finish; and so on with one thing mid another till lunch time. We could neither have our tournament nor go out on the run. How ever, it was all the better for us as it turned oat, for Tom could not get away with tango until he had done his work and had his dinner. Me had. Wild. Hawk brought in for Air. Ilarkness, for though he is not as fast as lay horse, John Silver, he can hold his own vith Lens Titwillow. and Ross's Mosquito, and we wanted to keep together as much as possible, so as not to lose any of the fun. besides, Wild Hawk is very sure on his ,! "® aMvnys loves a wild dog hunt, too, ,na quivers all over with excitement the/ moment he catches sight of the wild dog. It was a lovely afternoon. We had to 8'vo lom a fair start, so we rodo quietly round by the Nesting Swamp, where the '' 'owl breed. Father has set asjde that 6\vamp for them, and no one is allowed to isturb them; and then from there to Tom Walrie's cave— a cave in a rocky hillock wherea white man lived among the blacks 1 40-j;cars,ngp, when father first took up AVir-' pjf j and - lit last, when we had been 'out Bear oil an hour and a half, we ntade for Burnt Hut paddock, which touches Wyo ming. Tlie Burnt Hut paddock is the only poor paddock on the station. It is scrubby and heatliy ; -mid on- the near side of ittliere is a light belt, of honeysuckles., , If thereWvern any wild dogs .on Wirpill lt would- be tlie only spot for them; but llicre are none now. though an odd one strays over, now and then from Xoics, 30 miles away, where tlicy are as thick as bees in spring- V hen we wore still a little, way from the hut itself we pulled up for a bit; and while' Ross reeled oil the story of tlie liut and Len remarked that it. was a- pity we hadn't seei. so much as the ghost of 'a kangaroo 'oi" an emu to give us a. bit. of a run,,!. whistled a tune softly as a sign to Toimthat he might let go. - " " Then llfere- were four. or. five. sharp cracks of a whip. fioin'the oUieriSide of-the bound ary.: fence and Dingo shot out of the scmb like, an arrow.eiHiirkness saw. linn at ouoe. r "Wliatis that?" :he: cried. -:- "A dingo, -a- dmgo;" shrieked -Ross, mid.off .lie .went :fulh.hat,v.with.".the rest'of -us well :up 'after , lnm.:»r called out to Harkness to look out for himself-nmongst' the -heath, it was so beastly -.rough ; but- he only, jammed his liat on and- veiled; .'.'Blow'the rough ness! Come on!" and -.rode: for alls-he was woitli , > - Dingo tookni3< at a Tattling paeeithrough the scrub- and tliC'hcatli.' l'retty.soon: we came to the, honeysuckles,: and I called out to . Harkness .again;- but:.he. was -fairly -ex- cited now, , and crushed through; scarcely seeing wlicro. lie .was going.'-- Honeysuckles are rotten. things, -;80'lio:came to no worse harm than shaving his nose; skinned by a bunch of twigs. - We had a splendid spin across the cleared .paddocks, .over. a. krush.fcncc and.a. post ana rail; and presently.the house began to show through the trees:-: . ... . "Great-Scott! we'll run him down near homc,"j cried Harkness, "come on, you little devils1"'''" I ' , Wo pelted on. I could. hear Ross behind meabcginmngcto -.'giggle,-, and' wanted; badly to -laugh myself..., Presently Dingo put on a spirt; and. crashed into the stable yard- We thundered; in after hum There he lay when we got 'there,-. stretched out on lus side, panting like anything, while Michael, who liaditurned.put.to see whatsit was all about, stood, looking at linn. Harkness slipped off Ins horse,-,: and. grasping his hunting crop, made as if..to, .-knock him on the head; but Michael caught him as lie passed, and- hold lum back. . ''Hould.on ia-:bit;-sorr," he said; "what wpuld yer be.after.doing?" -"Let go, '.you -fool," shouted Harkness, "let me kill hnn." i "Is.it- the inastlier's favorite collie?" said Michael, holding lum. Dingo : raised his head and rcoeked his', ear— the marked one —at Harkness, with a grin. -co' He -stood ns still as stone for a-minute or. two. Ross lay hack on Mosquito, and gurgled- anil- ohnckedf: Len clasped his arms nboutTitwillow's neck and yelled; while I sat-with my 'hands ;in my - pockets, and laughed till I. fairly ached. . ; "All, .tliom boys do be the very devil, be-: got;!"' said Michael,.- grinning,- .' and nnny how'he is the very- moral . of a wild dog — aiiny how one might make the same mis take."-. .-"'c- " Harkness dropped his arm. - "The raasther's favorite collie,"; said Mi chael, stooping down to pat -Dingo. Harkness turned- and looked- at us. - - - . "He laughs best who laughs last,", ho said; and stalked off to .the house. ' That evening we were sent for to father's room, anil, there was a loll v row! We had to pay for. our lark;: but anyhow it was grand. - : » , . .v;.< (The End.) 