t# Chateau of GOliDJiiNTYD. By JSiiLlS MARSTON, Author -m 'Teresa,' &c.; . [Published by special arrangement with the.-, author. All rights reserved.] f I and my friend Heneage stood in fron't '.6i the .massive gateway ivfiiteh gave en trance to Wie cburtyaud of the old Flemish chateau where he and his family had taken up their abode during 'the past year. Heneage was an old School dhum oi mine, and alter some six briefless years at rihe 'bar bad fortunately come into the pos session of a comfortable income on the deailh of a- rek'cive, and had forthwith migrated with his Wife and children to the Ne'i/herlands. !» In fulfilment of a long-standing promise, I 'had come over 'to spend Uhrist'mas week and as long afterwards as 1 could spare .?with diem. \- The oddness of my friends abode bad filled my. mind with I know not what ideas of feudal grandeur, which ideas Buffered a considerable flail when I first beheld the place. I *was driven through a large, square garden, up to a pair of iron- bound gates and through It'hem into tihe court yard, payed with uneven rpund stones. The chateau itself, a plain, two-storeyed building, formed 'Unree sides of a square, the -remaining side being occupied toy the chapel. On one side, below tlie chapel, and in tfhe same block of building, was a goathouse and granary, and on the other a door with winding steps led down to dens which might be cellars or dungeons, according to the will of the lord of the chateau. On three aides of the house was a nioaft, broad and tolerably deep, protected by a high hedge of box 'You see we are not cramped for room,' paid Heneage, as he led me from one room to another— 'out of tihe west wing into the - far end' of the east wing. I had counted six eJbtiog-rooms, all more or less furnished, but now my friend, throwing open a door, ushered me in'tb an apart ment which was not only unfurnished, but dismantled and ruinous. i Jt was lofty and of noble proportions, and had profoaJbly been the ballroom. Now the walls were disfigured and smoked, the ceiling black and crumbling, and a't one end -nie flooring had rotted, while some of 'the planks 'had been removed and lay about. The fireplace, which took up nearly the far end of 'the room, was suggestive of unlimited baronial hospitality, and could hold a small family comfortably In its roomy, ohimsy corners. 'You may as well see our means of punishment,'' said Heneage, unlocking the door on the right side of the chapel. He led the way down dark, damp, wind ing steps, past several doors, which when unbolted showed a deeper darkness with in. An indescribable smell of mould and dampness came out, and with it a cloud of mosquitoes, which buzzed hungrily about us or clung to the slimy passage ?walls. i 'There are, three of these cachettes,' caid Heneage: 'I was told they were wine cellars, but I don't fancy putting even ;wine bottles into them; they would give a musty taste to the finest vintage.' A Jew steps lower still, and he led me down ito where the waters of the' moat covered the last step. i 'Ugh!' 1 said with a shudder, 'the place is. suggestive of something ruddier than wine. Who knows but that in times gone by some poor wretches may have teen qutoUy put away here? The moat is ?handy and deep enough to cover a multi tude of sins.' ? 'True,' said my friend, 'therefore I keep this passage locked up and the key in my own pocket, for my wife is rather nervous, and I have never 6hown her this portion of our domain.' We ascended jfehe steps, and Heneage carefully locked jthe door, and I was glad once more to feel the fresh breezes of heaven blow about Jne. Then we went over the garden and !to the stables, which were' at some little distance and were large and handsomely built. I 'I believe the last baron, Vander Hof. jvent in for horse-dealing,' said Heneage, 'which accounts for the stables being so well built. He tried to improve his declin ing fortunes in many ways, and this was (the-last, and it finished him. He lost every penny and went abroad, -where it is supposed he committed suicide; anyway, She has never been heard of; and so the estate passed to a distant relative, who is too impoverished to keep it up, and lets it when he can— his daughter lives with us and- teaches the children; a nice girl; 'you .((rill Msec her at dinner. She is some far distant connection of my wife, whose grandfather married a Flemish lady.' 1- Thus prepared, I was not surprised to feee ! at table a strange face and figure. Strange then — jiow the dearest memory .Ithat my heart retains in its innermost (depths. l I Our party consisted of Mr. and Mrs. .JHeneage, their two eldest children, and ithe 'fair stranger. I say fair advisedly, for never did my eyes light on a sweeter face. (I wjas struck by the singular fragility of t8ier appearance; and wondered how she jmanaged to hold in check the riotous . epirits it was her fate to teach. t I noticed that though, she seemed to be ,»n terms of friendship with my hosts, and (cerfeunly was treated by them with every ,courtesy, yet she spoke little, and her face (wore a somewhat pensive, almost sad ex ipression. Try as I might I could not keep jny eyes from wandering to the counte Sanee of my vis-a-vis, nor my ears from qnking in every tone of her musical jjroiee. And when, after dinner, she de parted into the nursery, a light and f rag- trance seemed to have, vanished from the ! jooin. |; iFrpm that tour mV fate, was fbfed. ' I, jE confirmed old ^bachelor, as, my friends ; called me, and who had always (been con tent to admire children at 'a respectful , distance, now made perpetual incursions into 'the nursery on sonre pretext or otbeV. I It was Christmas TSve. AW' the young sters were snugly 'tacked in. 'bed, and Mr. and Mrg. Heneage, Clotilda, and myself, /ivithlhe two eldest 'children, sat, round -the ' dining-room fire roasting chesnuts and telling .all the most %ruegoinc stories 'we coujd thini x»L ' ' ' '?_;': '' ? I Noticed : that the 'governess, although, tone .joined in !the conversation and seemed interested in the various stories, looked .fcafciier.pale and nervous, and my fears L. ????''?? 'VpSr aroused ~«!hat tier nerves unigHt tiuffer from^sonie of the $alea .wjiich were Buffi SJ.ep% EiiaBtly, eepe^uy ? tbose told by * BuTmy fears were set. at re§tN?lIien the Sb^j^iess eaad in a break of th« cbaversa Wbcmf.% too,4ave a .curious experience to Sarrate, if ;yfeu will permit me.' *E&en; in iietSJoftrL-irciiTC slie cojrinnued— '*My -great uncle, the'7:6ld SSrpn^ander Hot/ went abroad when I was' a'Ettle chiMr!and as you know his friends never learned what ffteeame of Mm. It was reported-that he ;fiad committed suicide, but this'Tv'as never proved, nor T#as jtfcejjlace of fais -death or 4}'urJai over fcijind. %He left my. -father, his -nearest 'heir, iothing foutAis title and this estate. When the time allowed by law had Expired and he did -not reappear my -father's claims were allowed, and he re jnoved here. It was my fifteenth birthday, and ^ftei';my.^5Mung guests, invited for the occasion, 1iad''xleparted I-^vas sitting in my 5'dwn room looking over the various gilts they had brought me, when suddenly, without- any warning, the figure of iny great uncle appeared. There he stood, in Eis brown wig and an old court suit, which he wore habitually to save himself from buying new clothes. I was pretty well frightened, as you may imagine, but he smiled at me, and I seemed to hear the words, 'I will visit you again^look for me when your fate is near; then he slowly fad ed iroux my sight. I rushed to my father's room and told 'him what I had seen; but he laughed at me, and said the birthday champagne 'had played trieks with iny nerves. However, 1 would not return to that room, hut slept wath my nurse for months afterwards. Then we went to England for a time and the house was shut up; nor did I enter it again till I came as governess to your children, my good cousin Louise.' 'And I trust you have not had anyfchiug to alarm ^ou, Clotilda, since you have been with us,' Mrs. Heneage said anxiously. 'Nothing,' said the girl, smiling bright ly, '.indeed I had forgotten the apparition until Monsieur HeneJ.ge's tales revived the recollection.' . At midnight we parted, but Heneage and I sat talking over our cigars and whisky. It was between 2 and 3 o'clock, when we were started by a fumbling at the door handle. Then the door opened wide, and we were electrified by -the ap pearance of Mademoiselle Clotilda, clad in ?her white niglrt-dress, barefooted and with 'her long nail- streaming over her shoulders. ' 1 was about to rueh forwards, when Heuieiage laid a detaining hand on mv arm. ''Do not awake her,' hie whispered, ' it mighit be fatal.' ? ? . ? We followed on tiptoe as die went unfalteringly through the rooms in the west wing, then travieraed the haill, aind entered the firat of the rooms an tihe east winig. The roomsi were in utter dairkmess, save for the fedble glimmer of a email bed room lamp which Heneage had snatched ?up amd 'hastily lit, but the fair sleeper made her way safely along, avoiding every obstacle' as it' shle weire guided by a sure hand. Into the half -ruined ballroom she led us, and paused at length beside the cavermoujs hole in tihe flooring, whence the rotted boards had been mnioved. She stooped dowm and expteedjtihe hole, first with one hand, and then, with tflie other. Then she stood up and sighed. Presently shle stoop ed again, and again explored the dusty Irafe; but appairdnitly to no purpose. She rose anld sighed deeply, piteously. She raised her bamds to 'her head witih a be wildered gesture. Presently, with a melancholy shake of tihe head she _ re traced her steps, we following as before. She returned as rihe had come, with as sured mieni and footsbep, went upstairs to her room, amd shut the door. Heneage turnied tine key in the lock, ttien pocketed it. 'No more ghostly rambles to-night, or raither tJhis morning, fair lady,' lie said. Then he wenlt to his own room, but I, too anxious and excited to sleep, resolved to sit up in. the dining-room: and Hene age laughingly replenished the whisky de canlber and openied a fresh box lof cigars, advising me to treat the spirits homceo paithicaJly. 'lake to know, you kntow, More'too, may prove the true course with ghostly visitants — a pleasant night to you, old fellow.' When tihe door closed on; my friend I put more fuel inlbo the stove, mixed my grog, took a fresh cigar, and thought over matters. During my ten years' experience as a physician, I had met with many cases of abwoi-mal nervous development, espe cially in women and young gii'ls, and the more delicate the physical organisatioin, the greater, a6 a rule, was the nervous de rangement. Cloltilda -was evidently one of thioise highly organised beings, whose nerve centres vibrated at any disturbance of their ordinary every-day life: the.grue some stories 'Hemeaige had poured forth with bo much unction, and her own re miniscences, -which, had evidenltiy affect ed her much in. the telling, had produced their natural effect, and had led to her nocturnal rairible. A bright gleam of sunshine was steal ing in cut the shutbeirs as I went softly up stairs, pausing a moment at Maderaoiselie Clotilda's door to assure myself that the fair occupant was safely therein. Silence reigned, but at laist, I heard a gentle edgh as of one in! deep and tranquil sleep, and reassured I wenlt to my room, and slept until the first, bell ratog. I descended to the breakfast room in re spectable time. All the usual company were there except one,'1frid--tnat the one J. most longed to see. ? 'WhSt can make Clotilda so late?' said Mrs. Heneage anxiously; with an exclama tion her husband left the room, and I heard 'him going up tlie stairs two at a time. ? Presently the governess entered, pale, 'and distracted. She bowed to all present, murmured in a low voice something about a happy Christmas, sat down, sipped her coffee, and fumbled with a piece of toast. 1 could see that the poor girl was tho roughly upset, and inwardly I cursed ,Heneage /or his stupidity in forgetting, as ?he eyidently had, to unlock her chamber doorl However, she soon brightened up. and' appeared to throw off the weight that oppressed her. . - The dinner hour at £he chateau had been changed from seven to four that the juvenile Heneages might join the party; a couple of leaves were added to the din ner table, and we sat down, a company of eleven, to a truly British' spread, to which all did justice. ..Clotilda appeared to' have thrown off her depression and was' the gayest of the gay. She wore, I remember, a dress of some black gauzy material, with little silver' stars, over black silk, and had a bunch' of -holly berries at her neck and in her clustering hair. The evening sped on with laughter, jest, and' toast, and.it was past midnight before the party broke up : then. Heneage and myself. Were . left as before, with our cigars and toddy, to re-' new youthful recollections. The events of the previous night had for the moment 'passed from our uiiude, and we were, in -the midst of a roar of laughter over some tale of past years, when the 4oor softly opened, and there before us stood Made moiselle Clotilda, precisely as she-faad stood the previous night. As ^then^ she passed swiftly through the room and out by the further- .door, we, of course, following. She led us swif tly to the far ballroom, and, stopping, explored again the. chasm in the rotting joards; but apparently without re sult. Then she raised herself with an ex pression of grief, perfectly. indescribable; she shook her head- from .side to side and moaned piteously. Finally, Ehe turned and went, always- with the same swift, noise-, less footstep, to the hali-door. Here she turned the key and attempted to draw the bolts; the lower one gave way, bu,t the upper one was stiff and alinoBt beyond her reach, and although she stood on tiptoe and strained all her powers to draw it it resisted her efforts. She shook her head once more, 'sadly and hopelessly, and returned to her bedroom, where ones more Heneage locked her in. When he returned-to the dining-room my friend looked at me with a lengthened visage. 'This is becoming serious,' he said. 'I h-5pe nothing is amiss witk-the poor girl. W'nat is vour opinion as a medical man, Moreton ?' 'Probably some slight nervous derange: ment,' I answered lightly. 'If the young lady will permit me I will order her- a course of tonics and cold baths which will soon put her system into pro per order.' ' . - But although I' affected carelessness I was, in truth, -greatly -disturbed, for 1 felt convinced that some unusual cause \ was at work, and that my explanation j by no means touched the root of the mat ter. I begged Heneage to keep the ? affair from his wife, and to unlock the gover ness's 4oor betimes in thevmorning. He promised faitiifuUy to obey my injunc tions, and then we retired. to our respec tive rooms; I, at any rate, -not to sleep, but to ponder long and deeply over the strange visitation that had affected the woman I loved. ? ? At breakast Clotilda appeared, as I had anticipated, pale, troubled, distraite; t'ht ghost of the 'bright girl who had been the' life of the previous evening's gaiety. At my request Mrs. ? Heneage broached the subject of her health, and acquainted her with my offers of professional service, but was met wifh a gentle but decided re fusal. ;; 'I am quite well,' said the girl; 'but I am always troubled twice' in the year; at my birthday and at Christmas time. I have bad dreams, that is all. It will pass, dear Mrs. Heneage; do not trouble yourself ahout me; and if I look ratiher nale sometimes, I shall soon get my .color back again.' So there was nothing left for me to do but to wait and watch; and I studied the object of my solicitude patient! j; and persistently during the day/. Night ap proached again, and Heneage and I re solved to keep watch once more. At my request the hall door was left unlocked and unbolted, and m3r friend had tihe keys of all the outdoor gates and aoors in 'his pockets, ''We had better humor her to-night,' I said, 'and Qet her lead us wheresoever she will. . Take the keys of the outdoor premises with you, Heneage, and I will take a wrap to 'tlhrow over her in case she awakes.' The household, wearied wrtSi two late nights, had retired to rest somewhat ear lier, and Heneage and I sat as before over our cigars and whisky. Midnight had passed, and it was on the stroke of 1 when the sound for which we had ibcJtih been listening came to our ears. There was a fumlbling at the door handle, then the door opened, and the barefooited, white-clad figure appeared. The blue eyes were wide open, the face pale, set, and rigid. As before, it led us to the dismantled ballroom and again stooped over the chasm in 'the flooring. The white-drilled arm wan -thrust in up to the shoulder, then withdrawn. Alter a pause, the other arm was inserted, :but withdrawn after an in effectual search. Then the fair sleeper Stood up, sighed deeply^ and shook her head despairinglyi ^ After a few seconds, inspired apparently by fresh hope, she made her way in the hall door, opened it, and the next moment stood with her bare. feet on. the stones of the courtyard. I was starting forward to drag her 'back, but Heneage laid forcible hold on me. 'Let-'her go,' he said, 'it is the less risk of the two.' She led us to the door at the right of t/he great ga'tes and paused, and quick- a» tihougbt Heneage unlocked and opened the door. The slim, white figure descended the steps that wound downwards to the moat, whose waiters we could now see gleaming in the frosty moonlight. On she went, and still downward, down past the two doors which Heneage had opened on our first visit there, still down until her feet splashed in the waiters of ;£he moat. Then she paused and wavered, made another step forward, apparently missed her footing,, and fell witih a epiash and a loud shriek into the dark and silent water. In a moment I had thrown off my coat and had plunged after her, before she had time (to sink 1 caught her 'by one arm and drew her back to the slep3. She was quite insensible and, wrapping her in the vhidk shawl I had 'bought, Heneage and I car ried her into the house and laid her on the dining-room couch. I administered some 'brandy and replenished the fire, while Heneage' went to rouse up the sen sible and practical English nurse, the maihstay of the household. H was j)roba;bly'v owing to the prompt remedies I ordered to 'be applied that Clo tilda escaped wf th a slight feverish attack, which kept her in toed Tor -a week and up stairs for another, at the expiration of which time ehe came down, looking #rather pale and fragile to be sure, l-ut lovelier and sweeter 'than ever. 'I have to thank you, Dr. Moreton, for your kind-oare of me,' she said, coming towards Tme with eager, outstretched hands. 'I am sure you' must be very clever to hayeycured me so soon, ? for I really felt very ill for a-tfew days, and I cannot think how I got so writ.' She puT her 'hand 'to her forehead and 'Her eyes looked 'troubled. We 'were alone in -tfhis drawing-room? for Heneage had taken his brood for a drive' in ' the waggonette. Tlie girl was Standing close beside me, her Simpid, blue eyes looking up to mine. $he was so neat and so dear. What' «ould I do ..but put my arms around h'er,; and. 'holding her closely -to me, tell her -that I loved and idolised her, and that if she would trufff herself to me 'no sorrow that I could ward off should ever touch her? The fair head sank %\x- my TjrenA, and with a. lWtle contented sieh Clotilda mur mured, 'And will you really and truly love me, a ribor governess?' : ~ 'Really and truly, with aij'my Iieartand soul.' To ine you are the. one woman ion '' ? ' ' ' V ' ?''?'? ? ? .i «arth;v I hold you atfd^^ineverriet^ba; jgO ?' ' : ' ' ' '' ' .':' : '.-''- '.-C-~. .'' ? '? ?/??' ?.if'Z''' : 'She looked lip at me with love Shining out of her dewy eyes and raised berlips for my kiBs. - ? .-? . - ?; Jjrom that day Clotilda strengthened and bloomed into rosy_ beauty, her former ap pearance of extreme fragility- disappeared, and though she' could never be called ro bust, she yet showed promise of good ave rage health and Strength. . I need 'not say' wmit happiness it was to me to make my darling's happiness, to anticipate her wishes, and surrounVl her with all loving care. And when the day's duties were over and the youngsters were snugly- tucked in bed, whait long talks 'we ha-d«€ past, present, and future;* over 1is sehjooilroVJm fire. Only on one subject was I reserved; no wheedling on the part of Ckrtildia would dniduce me to tell her the ewnits of that night on which her illness commenced; and Heneage was equally re served. So soon as Clotilda was fairly well again Hemeage senlt 'her, his wife, and the yV-unger boy off, for a -week or two to Dunkirk whose climate is proverbially mild. I had intended to accompany the party, but at Heneage's request I stayed behind alt Goedenltyd, promising to join them very (Shortly. ~' 'Sorry to spoil your happiness »vcr so, little, old fellow,' my friend 6aid, 'but there id some mystery here which must be unravelled. I have been making in vestigations and .have discovered a thing 'Ah! what is it?', 'Below the two cacheittes wliich I show ed you, and .meariy oonceailed by the ! waters of the moait, which must be 'higher than in former days, tJhiere is_ a third door, the k-clr of which nio key in my posses sion fits. I have had thie_moat partially drained so that tihis door is now fully ex posed. I have also eenit for a carpenter; he is to be here alt noon, and then we will investigate this secret den.' Although every day that separated me froom Clotilda was counted- as a day wasted, yet I confess to having felt con siderable curiosity' as to the result of the proposed seardh. At -moon the carpenter, a stolid Kerning, arrived, and with him Heneage and I descended -tihe slippery stairs. The lower steps were covered with slime and mud, tnd there, mow fully in sight, was the third and lowest of the small dungeon doors. The carpenter, at Heneage's orders, ? tried to pick the lock, but found after working at it for some time that the dwr ^till held fast. He was theo ordered to break it in, and after a few lusty .strokes the rotten wooJ gave1 way,-. and by the light of the lan ternis we held we oculd peer -into a noi some den, whence issued a foul smei! -of damp, mould, and decay. But here was niabhing visible save darkness and gloom. 'Mynheer had. better oome away,' said the carpenter, shuddering and crossing himselfs 'there is nothing good to be found there: only bad spirits and cholera.' But Heneage only laughed. 'I have not taken all this trouble to be foiled at last,' lie said: 'I am going to make a tborugh inspection-. Moreton, wiD you ex plore with me?' I answered by entering the cavern and my friend followed me. The flooi was thick with mud; the walls were oozing with damp and slime, and all foul things that creep and crawl in such places were hurrying off as fast as their habits per mitted from the light shed of our lenterns. All around' the brick wall of this cachette — which was about 10 ft. square and as many in height— was a wide shelf about half way up, and as the light fell on it Heneage touched my arm and pointed to a dark mass in one corner. It was impossi ble to tell what it was. It might have been a coal sack, an old carpet, a bunch of rags— anything. Yet as I looked at it a strange feeling which I had never experienced before came over me, and I drew back from that dark and uncanny-looking mass. 'Nervous?' said Heneage with a laugh, and he pressed forward with his lantern and investigated the heap. 'By heaven,' he muttered; then in a startled tone — 'Morton, look there!' ' And turning my eyes to where he point ed I saw a skeleton hand and arm hanging : from the shelf — black and ghastly, yet [ there was no mistaking them. | Further investigations revealed the I skeleton of a full-sized man doubled up on the shelf. He had evidently, when in life, been clad in an old court suit, for some of the gold buttons and rich gold braid still adhered to the rotten remnants of cloth. Heneage and I rolled the poor wretched remains of humanity in a thick rug and consigned them to the waters of~the moat; and my friend read over them the Eng lish burial service. The door of the cachette, when examined, appeared to be possessed of a spring lock wliich still held fast. 'The poor old beggar must have hid here by day, intending to get away by night; found himself fastened in and died of starvation,' said Heneage, 'though why he came back is a mystery. That it is old Baron Vanden Hof I have not the slightest doubt. You may think me a fool, Moreton, but I shall follow this up. Who knows on what strange discoveries we may alight?' The carpenter was again requisitioned ? and followed us unwillingly to the ball room. Mysteries were not to his taste and he had apparently had enough of them. But my friend was determined and poor Teaste had to go down on his knees and commence operations. . Board after board came up, and still nothing was revealed but dust, damp, and rottenness. 'A mare's nest,' I muttered. 'You'd better give it up,. Heneage, you'll have the whole place down on us if you pursue your investigations much further.' .„ .Without answering Heneage seized the workman's pick and dealt a few vigorous strokes at the crumbling wall. There was a rattle.aruBhof falling bricks and mortar, and had my friend not jumped ' hastily aside he might have carried away some ugly, reminiscences of the day's workr As well as we could, amid falling stones and rattling mortar, we cleared' away the debris, and having revealed a considerable chasm explored it by the light of our lanterns. If rwas about three feet wide, and so deep 'that ^he light showed but dimly what looked like a brass tablet,, tarnished and rusted at the bottom. 1 At thisS'uncture the carpenter .struck work, declaring that he baa had' enough of mysteries and horrors for drie day, and ?t ha t, in -feet . .we might finish the - job our selveB,-:'-; j-'fj. . .vi-,-' . ?' '-^Wr:i- ? j. ^ ', Remonstrance waf'tiiseless, Bii 'jleneage ?politely, ?told^iiin heiiaight go^ledon as it suited iu^i,*«|it that^he nnisli: leave his bag of i pols ; with us: . \ ; i ? The task -Was a sufficiently.. arduous one, and it was not . till the short winter's day ;had closed in upon us that we 'succeeded in bringing our prize to the surface.- '-V-;i i After s herculean efforts we landed- ton terra firina ti large, AquareJ biaes 'coffer,! engraved : with the turns of : tile i Vander .Hpf family and of immense- weight.:1 The I i 'it ?'??? ?. :--..?? ?'???*,?; .-.r.:.\:-iv:ii ;the bottoiti '^;tt!6^ioa^fSprTOt3iigBtfe^p^S« ?-.; tiefore wb co\Ud'-aise the lid; ; ' '? ?j-5^^ ??% 1 Then;we-wererewarded..fpra!l'our toils, ?'?-, A glitter that dazzled ^;pur3eyes met job Vv when : the, heavy lid sras' turned -back; a ?-: glitter, tihat -,^kiii^^-')Bf^'^mS£S^^m^i tike darkened room, and to plky^irbiBna ? vv the ohest like lambent flame, 'j&r;?*6?1^3 display of .magnificent diamonds. .*«*;;-- ??-'?' 'By Jupiter! the Vander Hof diamonds —lost so long that they were almost dis- v believed in, and .have -come dpwn to poof Clotilda only, as a family tradition. I suppose 'old Vander Hof buried, them here before he went-abroad; and, being pressed ' for money, returned to possess himself of them. And so, hiding in the lowest Cellar or prison, of wha'tever name you. give' it. . he nad intended to come faereVby ' 'night and carry off his treasure. ;- ThiB.rpdfii Ejifc ; k not been inhabited for yeare, and, as you see, there is a door which opens on 'vto a bridge over the moat, and of which he doubtless had. the key. li'-had the' door fastened up, for the 'bridge' is rotten, and the children =Would have come to grief there. That is my theory, Moreton, and - if you can give a better explanation oi the matter, pray do bo.' ? ? But I was deep in thought of Clotilda, and of the strange subtle influence, that must have guided tfoe child to the spot. That she wap ignorant of the very existence of the 'treasure I was certain; for she kept no secrets from me— and now she had been . guided by some unseen power almost to the very spot where her own and her father's fortunes were hid. The next day I took the train to Ostend, where Clotilda'* father was spending his days in a second-rate boardEnghousc. I found a small, vivacious gentleman, dressed with the greatest pre cision in clothes of the newest cut. To him I broke the news of his recovered for tune. ? He heard the tidings with dignified com jxiEure, though I observed that during the recital his elegantly-plaited shirt frill heav ed tumultously, and that the hand which held his jewelled snuff -'box trembled. 'What you say, monsieur, does not so much surprise me, because I have always held the opinion that these jewels, which ' are of historic fame, could hot be' lost, and mudt some time be restored to us, their ^ rightful possessors! But I am none the less i'hanKfu! and indebted to you and Monsieur Henage for your partTin the mat ter. My Clotilda, my poor child, will now be restored' to the position which is hers by. right.' The ice being thus broken . by the men tion of the beloved name, I was not slow to improve the occasion, and so worked on the old gentleman's feelings, that with tears in his eyes he gave his consent to my suit. Of Clotilda's consent, I had, -as already related, fully possessed myself already; and so continued my journey to Dunkirk, wrapped in happy dreams whici were more than realised when I once again held my beloved in my arms. Is there anyone so prosaic that he muse t-e plainly told the sequel?- Of course, I married Clotilda, and. carried aer off to England, where in the healthy happy life of our country house she soon lost the fragility of appearance which had so inv pressed me when I first beheld her, while, in the care of her boys and girls, 6he for- - got the sorrows of her vouth, and I am happy to say never again attempted noc turnal rambles. But to this day, she lias never heard the truth alboat the recovery of the dia- (. monds, nor of the part she herself play- - ed in the matter. She only knows that about the time of our marriage her father came into possession of a large sum of money which enabled him, beside giving her a considerable dower, to restore the old chateau of Goedentyd to something liite its original prestige, and to keep open house there. Next Week— 'THE WIDOW'S CLOCK,' By Maxwell Gray. 