The Grey Eagle of the Atlantic. CHAPTER XXXIV. , It 'was night again. The old man had quieted the anxieties of Constance Morley regarding her return to Salem, by the promise of taking her there daring that night or the next for the clos.e vicinity of the British fleet, and the movements of several ? boats in the vicinity of the island made it dangerous to undertake it during the day. ' Children,' said the old man, as all in a large room in the cottage, were seated near him, ' if you will listen, I will tell you a story and then yon will not wonder why I dread the storms which sometimes sweep this coast. ? . 'It is nineteen years,' he continued, ' since a terrible storm, preceded by just such a calm as now reigns above and around us, swept this coast with a fury that never can leave my memory while reason holds its seat. . ' You, my Medora, were then an infant m your dear mother's arms, and Hester, your i»irse, was a strong and active woman. * Your mother, widowed by a cruel hand that it a duel slew her husband, your father, and with, me disgusted with a country where no redress could be had for wrongs which had deprived her of her property and of husband too, was coming to this new land with me to seek a home where we might try to forget oppression even if sorrow lingered in our hearts. Her sole comfort was her children, for a bruit or nomoyoora nlflp.r tli an ynn. nWa by his lively talk to cheer her up in many a Bad hour, was with us also. In me, her father, a misanthrope, sick of the world, she had but too little companionship, though I was strong and willing to shield and protect her from the rude contact which lone ones of her sex too surely meet as they move about the heartless, chilly world. ' With all that we could save froiii shattered fortunes with us on the ship, we neared this bay on an autumn morning. The land was in sight when the wind died all away, and for a day we drifted to ana fro as the tide swept. Our captain had been too long upon the sea, not to know by many a sign that a tempest ?was near, and he mado all tho usual prepar ations to meet it. We were so near a port, he hoped to get to a safe anchorage ere its full fury should come upon his vessel, and his 'words when wo who knew less of the danger made inquiiy were full of cheer. 'At last night feli, and the sun sank red as blood behind the low hills in the west. ' And the vessel rose and fell upon a sea that in the calm was strangely in unrest. ' But we all retired at the usual hour, and slumber had sealed every eye but of those ?who watched on deck, when a wild, moaning sound came over the waters, as if some great monster groaned in low agony. Louder, ?wilder grew the noiso and then all at once the made gale came shrieking on. ' With sails close reefed down even his spars stayed and braced with a seaman's skill, the captain had been prepared for all thiB. Had there been light, that he might see how to steer in this first outburst, he might, have run his vessel in. ' But it was dark — a rock-bound coast lay ?under his lee, he must wait for light to know niioiu uu guiuo Ilia vumui. ' Alas, nor he, nor any save three on board that fatal ship were allowed to look upon the light of day again. The wild storm, sweeping over the waters with a terrible force grew each moment more and more furious, and the ship drove before it with rent sails, and broken masts, until there in the dense darkness she struck a hidden rock and then — Oh, Heaven, what a fearful scene ! The hull, crashing, went to pieces — the wild sea swept over us, I clung to your mother with one arm and held you, poor babe in my other, while brave Hester tried to gave the dear boy. ' Alas — alas — there was not help — we wero swept apart, and off in the wild, wild waters. Struggling in the dark waves, clinging yet to my darling child, I reached the land in the mercy of Providence — but I know not how.a. ' When day dawned the fury of the storm was spent, and I found myself bruised and almost dead upon a barren shore — yet you lived and smiled in my face when the sun shone out warm upon us. ' The shore was strewn with fragments of -wreck, provisions and merchandise. Dead bodies, too, were washed upon the rocks. One living thing beside my child and I alone was there. That was Hester, the nurse. ' Your poor mother lay cold on the shore. These hands dug her gravo and buried her. I sought in vain to find the boy. The sea had kept him as a jewel within its breast. 'Do you wonder now, children, why a storm seems terrible to me ? For theso nine teen long years I havo lived hero a hermit's life; — avoiding my kind, but striving, my sweet grandchild, to make thee happy.' ' Arid you have, grandfather — you have ever been so good, so kind, so loving, and so patient. It were cruel in mo to ever murmur, to over eadden one so kind by a sigh of vain regret. The world may be beautiful and grand but this is our home — it is peaceful and it is sweet.' ' Bless you, my darling, bless you ! Go with your fair companions to your chamber ; pray for an. old man who soon must see the real in that world where life is eternal, and may He whose rulo is universal bless yon!' Reverently the sweet girl kissed his pale brow, then obeyed his bidding. CHAPTER XXXV. . Like an angry eye — blood-shot, sullenly red, the sun rose in the morning, from the blue of the eastern horizon. Tiie waves, mottled by a light breeze, tumbled fitfully in toward the rocky islets, while the British fleet, all clustered together under short sail, lay close off in the bay in the waters chosen for the eon test agreed upon between ? Lieutenant Seaton and Captain Backstay. All the long night preparations had been going on to fit the Hornet for her work. Picked men from every vessel in the fleet had ?ljooti ol- ioaoti -'-ikoir1- avmo-olontiocl}''C5liarp6IlG(3) and in every respect made ready. Stays and braces had been doubled — yards slung in chains, decks cleared, boats sent away to other vessels, everything removed that could be in the way, every thing that could strengthen or fit the vessel for the work had been done. Shot, round, grape and canister, in extra quantities — best powder in ready cartridges, so that no delay in serving her guns might occur, were at hand. In short, nothing was overlooked, and when day dawned, Lieutenant Seaton looked proudly at his full crew and stauch craft, with the belief that both were invincible. On every mast in the fleet gay colours were floating as if this were to be a holiday, or they were already rejoicing over a certain victory, On the Hornet only her flag and whip'pen nant floated, as if she waited to show her signs after and not before her part was done. Under her spencer, two topsails and jib, the beautiful brig made short tacks to and fro, as if to keep her sail- trimmers in easy exercise, while the gunners, with the batteries loose, worked the unloaded guns to render them selves more perfect when the time came to use them in earnest. Down to leeward, under her white canvass with the starry flag flying from her peak and the white signal agi'eed upon, at her fore, the Grey Eagle was seen, steadily closing up toward her position in the light breeze, not seeming to hesitate a moment to engage in a combat wherin splintering spars, rent sails, and shattered bulwarks soon would speak tho dread realities of war. The sun was near an hour high, yot pre serving that dusky rednoss which seemed ominous, when the schooner ranged up abeam of the Hornot, and within a short mile of the fleet. Little did Captain Backstay dream that other eyes than those belonging to the fleet were gazing with thrilling interest on the movements of his vessel; that fond hearts, which could not divine the cause that led him with such daring boldness into those waters,' trembled in agonized suspense at his danger; Little did Launcelot Morley think, while panting for the conflict to commence, that valour of that day would be witnessed by those whom he loved more than the life he was about to poril. Whon the Grey Eagle ranged along within hail, her men all at quarters, Lieutenant Seaton, as if to .exhibit his courtesy, hoisted and lowered his flag three times, a complimentary salute usual among friends, rather than enemies. The saluto was returned by the schooner, and then Captain Backstay, through his trumpet, asked the English officer if he was ready to open action. The latter replied that, standing East to get out of range of the fleet, so as not to injure other v.essels by random Bhots, ho would signify his readiness as agreed before, by haulinn down the white flag and firing tho windward gun. It was a noble sight, those vessels trim built, with the white canvas bellying from their pliant spars, moving out side by sido, scarce a pistol shot apart, until thoy were in open water. Now the gaff- topsails of tho schooner wero taken in, her fore-sail, was braided .up, and under mainsail and jib only she moved gently and smoothly on. The Hornot under her forotopsail, sponcer and jib, to equalize her spoed with that of the schooner moved on also, her crew, too, at quarters and evidently eager for their expeeted ?work. Silence prevailed in each crew of all tho Suddenly a white ring of smoke circled out from tho weather bow of tho brig. Then down came tho white flag from her foro peak. In an instant another ring of smoke flew from the bow of tho Grey Eagle far away on her lee, and lier starry flags fluttered from both fore and main. All was ready. Yet instant firing did not commence. Each commander seemed to wait for tho other or a minute or more, and then as with ono simultaneous thought tho cannon of both vessols belched forth in firo and deaf ening thunder. ' Eire low ; never mind her spars, firo low and sweep her decks,' was the cry of Captain Backstay to his men, and springing up in ,tlie foro rigging 'he watched the ? effect of each shot with a fearlessness that gave nerve to every man. ' Double shot the guns, let her close up, Jack,' he shouted to his coxswain, who now stood at the helm. But the Hornot, suffering already .from 'a fire more rapid than even her disciplined crew returned, thought with her heavier battery distance was an advantage, ran. off free, and set another top-sail. This forced Backstay himself to set his fore-sail, but It gave him another advantsge. He speedily took she weather-guage, and now his orders were to aim high and cripple his enemy in her spars. Nobly did his gunners work, but for a time the distance was too great for visible advant ages. But soon the faster schooner got her range, and first a top-mast, then a yard, was sent falling from its place aloft, on the Jtlornet. Now Lieutenant Seaton would most gladly | have closed, for as spar after spar began to fall, though many a shot from him told fatally among the crew of the Gray Eagle, his best advantage was gone. He could in the onset have closed with his foe, and outnumbering his crew, have tried by boarding, a desperate, but almost certain way^of ending the combat. Eor he had full one- tliird more men — and fighting under the eyes of all the fleet, no one would have shrunk from duty or faltered but in death'. Twice, in spite of his manoeuvres to pre vent it, did the Grey Eagle rake him fore and aft — his hull was plugged in a dozen places to keep the water from pouring in where she had been struck between wind and water, and though he kept up his fire with despairing energy it began to lessen. The privateer, her scuppers running red with the blood of many a; brave man, was yet unharmed in her spars, though her sails were full of shot holes, and her hull had been splintered with many a shot. For two. long hours — it seemed to the com batants as if they were thrice . as long, this fearful exchange of iron hail went on until the Hornet lay almost a wreck upon the _water, her spars so shot away that steerage way was Tost. 'Why do you not surrender? I do not wish to do more damage to a foe who has fought so well !' cried Backstay, as he raneed up on the weather- quarter of the Hornet. ' Sink me — sink me if you care for my honour and let me go down with my flag fly ing — or else board and let us meet foot to foot and steel to steel !' cried ' Seaton. ' I will never surrender !' 'Launcelot, clear the enemy's deck with your small arms — we are losing men from her musketry, but spare her captain !' shouted Backstay, for he could no longer bear delay. Launcelot Morley did not need the order — already his men were pouring in a heavy fire, and, as the schooner swept on, her two heavy guns, loaded with grape and canister, finished the deadly work by a raking fire which cut away the flag they would not lower while it literally left the enemy's deck tenantless. Poor Seaton fell in the last fire, and there was no one who would hoist the flag again. The'battlo was over. Sullenly, enraged, because of the pledge of the Admiral they must see the privateer take possession of her prize unharmed, the English men-of-war took in their flaunting colours. The Grey Eagle, leaking from many a damaging shot, but with a crew still un daunted, though near half had fallen, was now seen to take the shattered hull of the prize m tow and with it to stand not back toward Salem, but in toward the bay. There was more than one reason for this. The ' sooner she was in smooth watet the better. For even while the heat of the com bat was at its highest, Barnacle Backstay had cast many an anxious look seaward. He knew full well that a heavy storm was on the point of breaking out — a heavy in rolling swell, such as frequently reaches a section befor.e the gale which causes it, was one omen. And there were others which bade him get in wherQ an achorage could be found as speedily as possible. ' Therefore he towed his prize into the bay, flnfl rnnninrr l'n V\nl-iJn rl anma islands, sent a boat in all haste up to Boston to report there the result of the action, and to get what he much needed, more surgical aid, for his only snrgeon was himself wounded, whilet the surgeon of the Hornet had shared the fate of the gallant Seaton, and gone beyond ' the dark waters.' Jack Ghost was sent in the gig to perform this duty, for his commander had too much confidence in him to think it necessary to send an officer. (To be continued.') A. London journalist, writing to a friend in Sydney, says : ' The N.S.W. Lancers have made a very good impression in London and Aldershot. At the Military Tournament they have done very well and I was pleased to Bee the other day that in a wreBtling bout on horaebao^ with the Second Life Guards, they handsomely grounded the idols of the Hyde Park narsemaids. The colonial victory was a very popular one.' The same journalist, in a recent review of a newly-published work on ' Cromwell as a Military Leader,' wrote : ' Oat ReniusRR thought that because the soldiers of the great Fritz won battles in preposterously ohoking uniforms, they won them because of those uniforms and adopted them in substance accordingly. We did not get rid of idiotic tail coata and black stooks till the other day. Oliver was 200 years before his time, and the working uniform of the future, whioh wa have among us now on the New South WaleB Volunteers, ig essentially the uniform ia which Cromwell clad his soldiers,' 