DYING NATIONS. HOW THE EMPIRE IS AFFECTED BY THE CLIMATE, . A nation (according to the."Daily Mail") only lives a few hundred years. Look at the great nations of 4,000 years ago. Egypt, Yucatan, Mexico, Peru, and Assyria, are all dead and buried. China is only staying alive to save funeral expenses. The next generations of nations in- cluded Rome and Greece, and these are alike galvanised ghosts. The third gene- ration, the Turks, Moors, Spaniards, Moguls, Dutch, and Scandinavians, are alive, but have lost their power. From this you will see that the nations in hot countries die and stay dead. The nations of cold countries rise, become great, fail, lose their outlying domi- nions, and yet stay alive. This is be- cause the land does not lapse into jungle like Ceylon and Yucatan, or change in- to desert like Assyria and Egypt, but re- mains fertile, providing plenty of food. Now, to apply these facts. Great Britain, the United States, Russia, and Germany are gaining in population, wealth, and power, but the British Em- pire is extending more rapidly than any of them. Compare her with France, for instance. A couple of centuries ago, when France owned most of North Ame- rica, and was founding a vast empire in India, Paris was bigger than London, and was the capital of the civilised world. To-day Paris has 2,500,000 people, and is the capital of art and fashion. But London has 5,000,000 souls, and has taken the place of Paris as metropolis of the world. The British Empire is growing, and it will keep on growing, along the lines of least resistance. At the present rate the whole land surface of the planet will be absorbed by the year 2349 A.D. But as Greater Britain grows it comes into closer contact with the boundaries of the United States , Russia and Germany, Even if we could, we have no wish to swallow these or any other decently-gov- erned countries. The United States, Russia, Germany, and Japan, are playing the same game. The British Empire is nearly as large as the four combined. As England does not wish to conquer the well-governed coun- tries, the area open to annexation may be diminished by half. In that case all the world will be properly governed by the year 2012 A.D. So in 113 years from the present time the British Empire must stop spreading for lack of room on the planet. Even then it will grow in wealth and popula- tion, but meanwhile these little islands are getting very old. Sooner or later we may feel the weakness of age, and be no longer able to fight for our pos- sessions ; our colonies may be cut adrift from us; the conquered countries like India may revolt. If all this should hap- pen, as politicians of a pessimistic tem- perament are already predicting, it would only be a case of history repeat- ing itself. How long will that be? Well, Rome rose in 400 years, as we did, and took a thousand years to decline. Our Empire is infinitely greater, stronger, and more loyal than the Roman. Suppose we say 1,500 years before the Little England party wins a general election, and Little England is a second class Power, as she was in the days of Henry VIII? 