CRONK CYCLING. j THE PHYLLOXERA OF BETTING. A RUINED SPORT. BY "A PEDAL PUSHER." Tlie word "crook," borrowed from tho vernacular of sport. Is Klnguiarly appro priate for application Just now to cycle ractng. It signifies dishonesty tn its most vulgar form, and cycle racing ban, in far too many instances, sunk so low, and u» mi euuruy lucKtng in even uie rudimentary principles of honesty, that no word but the ugly one, "cronk" quite lilts the bill In describing IL The public will regret to learn that this is so because no sport jxrrhaps has gained such a hold of their affections as that of cycle racing. But nothing that Is roUcn can long survive, and therefore the flash ing wheels will have 10 he re-enammcl- led with honesty and tyrrd with straight forwardness if the sport Is to bo saved from the pit of disgust into which it is sinking— indeed into which it has al ready sunk. Far some time experts have recognised the downward trend, and linvc been staggered by tho exhibi tions of dishonesty which have been flaunted before their eyes. But few were quite prepared for some of (he utterly shameless fakes which were perpetrated at the Exhibition Building lost Saturday. "Running a bye" to b-.-at the handlcap- pers for more start prior to the Austral and the A.N.A. handicaps has long been with us, but nsually there have been enough straight riders to constitute a wholesome leaven, and save the whole body from absolute corruption. Satur day's running shows that the honest division la growing pitifully weak In numbers, and that dishonesty is preva lent in tho most unexpected, quar ters. It Is a liard thing to say, but -It Is nono tho less true; that - In n programme of <5 events there were comparatively xew wtijcn were run on absolute merit In most of the forty, fakes were attempted, ond though now and again the "fakers" were upsot, still in many instances real merit Simply acted as a pacer to fraud, and bookmakers smiled or" cursed, according to Uiclr figures; while the general public looked on In pained amazement One or two such days and tho sport will bo as unpalatable as pony racing, or as pedes- UlariUm and prize-fighting In Uiclr worst days. There is no necessity to explicitly net forth in detail tho cases of cronkness which were noted on Saturday. Those people who were present could not have failed to notice them, and those who wcro not would do well to attend one of the next flxturen nnd watch the trend of events for themselves. Suffice it to saythatlnmany of the races second-raters were made warm favorites when on their merits the odds were all London to a Chhm orange against them. In others (here were but few genuine triers in a large field, and so that the fraud could bo mode Uie more remunerative, even these triers were men who, in a straight run race, would not have had a ghost of a chance for success. "Eight and ten to one, bar one," and tlie barred one a second- rater, opposed to firsl-cluES men, is finhy enough for anything, and It is small wonder that many people left the ground In disgust immediately the odds were call ed. Small wonder, too, that others mar velled when they heard one racing cyclist seize another by the shoulder, seeing him ahout to back a certain rider, and say In tonus of friendly earnestness, "Don't back him, you Daily luiot; ne s 'acau, Ko-anu- so'o going to win." And It was So- and-so who won. Roundly stated, Saturday's racing was a gigantic fake, mainly work ed In the interests of betting. The officials, however, did not apparently nee their way to aotlon. No one wan wiped out. No ono was even cautioned, Possibly, the gonial feelings surrounding thu Foundation Annlvcrwaxy subjected thorn to absurd charity and ridiculous leniency, Tlie city, or so much of It as Ls within the sphere of cycle Influence, is ringing with the false note of tho rac ing, aiid even tlie men who were con cerned are admitting Lbat tlie whole sorry business was stronger than pungent mustard, and can only have one influence, and that an absolutely fatal one, upon the welfare of the sport The League of Wheelmen wore responsible for tho con duct of the meeting, and thu racing was supervised by their officials. Most cer tainly, the League would be lacking in tlielr duty to U10 cycling public, as well as to the cause of common honesty, if Uioy do not review, the racing, and strive to find some mcano of preventing the recurrence of the scandals. The failure of Uie Amended Police Of fences Act to pass Parliament last ses sion, robbed 'the pollco of power which would iiavo enabled theni to con trol, If not absolutely prevent, hotting at cyclo meetings. The League must agitato to secure iho speedy enactment of - that measure quite Independent of tho "totes" with which it wjus unhappily associated, and which led to its defeat. Rut that will taJco some Uma Meanwhile they must prevent racing men from hetUng; they must stop u I tan dan ts from poofing money out of the enclosure when a race has been "rigged" on tho marie, and they must select for officials men who will be ntern and unflinching in their treatment of delinquents, whoever they may bo. Tlie prcnenco of an official fearless and Intelli gent in the dressing rooms and amongst tho bookmakers would prevent much "rigging," and Umt, too, could bo given a trial. Races like tho teams ruco on Saturday, wliJcli offered practically 1W prizes fti ail lor many events, should be discouraged or forbidden. Aa at pre sent arranged. they do not encourage riding out. There may he divergence of opinion us to tho means to bo adopted — the best which sug gest themselves in mature debate —but there can bo no question as to the absolute. Imperative, and Instant ne cessity for some action whJcJt would save cycle racing Cram destruction. 