STA&ELAND.; ? & ? — » HE last production L. n I at Her Majesty's ~ I I ': Theatre under the VS - aegis of the old \ I ' firm is, in the eter -? ; n a 1 fitness of ; V things, a comic opera, for of dl ' the 'work done / : either by the origi / nal partnership of ^^ ?Williamson, Gar ^ L ner, and Musgrove, i nothing has ever excelled the (Standard set up by the Royal . Comic Opera- Company. Mr. Wil liamson, as lie admitted in Ms farewell in Melbourne, has every ?reason to be uroud of the esnrit oe corps vbieh has ever found its abiding place .therein. Writing of the Melbourne farewell, a ?movement is on foot to testimonialise Mr. Wil ?Jiamhson. 'The Guv'nor' expressed the desire that lie did not -care to take a benefit. He did not awed it, and .hoped he Eever would; but icaay.cf his friends are determined that he shall not quit Melbourne without some token of their esteem. It is qu5te certain that it will take such a form an to live in the memory of Mr. Williamson so long as he lives. On Tuesday afternoon tha great AngloAraeri tan performance engineered by Mr. Williamson, at the wish of Lady Randolph Churchill, will be gi ven. The proceeds will be devoted to the Pa triotic Fund and the American Hospital Ship . Fund, and no doubt it will be largely attended. A mammoth programme, in which the American element will be well represented, has been ar ranged. In Melbourne matters theatrical are still pro gressing, Messrs. Brough, Holloway and Ander son, and Rickards monopolising the amusing of the people among them. The 'firm's' dramatic company is at Adelaide, where 'The Christian' has been replaced by 'Secret Service.' In Queens land Mr. Dampier, with a strong repertoire, in cluding 'Briton and Boer,' is making friends wherever he goes. There is some talk of two strong companies, headed by Mr. Harry Plimmer and Mr. Robert Norman, respectively taking to the road. Ge nerally our country cousins do not see actors of their stamp very often, and with strong reper toires both should make artistic and financial successes. An amusing incident happened at the Garrick the other day. During the week previous to 'The Degenerates' being transferred to this house, the box office, of course, was open. In the dusk, one evening (says 'The Stage'), a fe male form was observed to enter the front hall and make her way into the box office. Mr. C. A. Abbott, who happened to be standing in a corner of the vestibule speaking to a friend, made a dash to the door, exclaiming in stentorian tones, 'You must not go in there, madam. What can I do for you?' Meanwhile his assistant, who was inside, had already barred the passage, echo ing the words of his chief. Then it was that a small voice was heard to exclaim, 'Oh, do please let me go in. for one minute. I want to see if I can get a couple of stalls. I am Mrs. Langtry, you know.' 'The Degenerates,' despite adverse press criticism, is drawing extraordinary busi ness. Patriotic songs, in which the British prowess against the Boers is the ruling theme, are all the rage at the London vaudeville 'shows.' One of the principal of these is 'It's the Englishspeak ing Race against the World,' which is the signal for outbursts of enthusiasm nightly. Mr. Tom Costello, in the uniform of the 1st Australian Horse, has made a big hit in the Sydney Palace Theatre in a patriotic song. Ludvrigg Kronemann, of the Kronemann troupe, an acrobat, who was employed at the Empire Theatre, died in Charing- cross Hospital recently. He turned giddy and slipped during the execution cf a feat the troupe has been in the habit of per forming for the past twenty years. In his fall he fractured his spine. The deceased was one of two clowns known as the Kronemann Brothers, and part of their performance consisted in one jumping into a standing position upon the out stretched arm of the other. This trick the pair had accomplished without mishap for many months, but for some reason, as yet unexplained, tlie deceased on this occasion stumbled from- the arm and fell with his head against his partner's shoulder. There was so little in the accident to suggest disaster that, when the curtain was rung dov^n, it was to the accompaniment of liberal ap plause, and only those upon the stage knew how serious the case really was. Kronemann was re moved in his motley of satin and paint to the Charing-cross' Hospital, where he lingered hope lessly for three days. The extraordinary feature of the occurrence is that so comparatively slight a fall should have resulted fatally. The Craggs, who have been engaged for another 'Australian season by Mr. Rickards. are about to tour America, where they will produce their new act 'The Alpine Monarchs.' The difficulty of getting plays produced in Lon don is discoursed upon by Mr. John Coleman, writing from the Authors' Club to the London 'Era.' In the course of the letter he throws some light upon the methods of managers as fol lows: — 'I hold, at this moment, a play by Watts Phillips (the best he ever wrote), and I can get no one to look at it. I have another play, by Charles Reade. founded upon his masterpiece, 'Griffith Gaunt.' pronounced by no less an au thority than Algernon Swinburne to be 'the greatest work of fiction in the English language.' When Reade had done his^ level best with this play he transferred it to me, and gave me carte blanch;e to correct, condense, revise, and even re construct. It was a labor of love, and I brought the experience of a lifetime to bear upon it. When I read the revised edition to him — a few months prior to h'.s death — my dear old friend said, in his genial, large-hearted way, 'John, your share of the work is worthy of Sardou.' Yet this, his greatest work — a woman's play, too! — remains unacted, unread even, while within the past few months we have seen the manager of a great metropolitan theatre lose thousands of pounds upon a play, the last act of which had not actually been written when the rehearsals com menced.' Our Newcastle correspondent writes: Mr. W. Scotl, one of Newcastle's foremost business men, has relumed from an eight months' trip to the Old Country. Speaking of his trip, Mr. Scott mentions meeting many Newcastle people while at home. During a visit to the Lakes of Killar ney he met Miss Violet Ludlow, Newcastle's dis tinguished vocalist, whose portrait recently ap peared in the. 'Evening News' and 'Town and Country Journal.' He heard Miss Ludlow 6ing at a large 'concert, where the young lady's vosal ? powers so charmed the audience that she was compelled to sing five times. Newcastle people should, Mr. Scott says, be proud of Miss Ludlow, whose career in London and throughout the Unit ed Kingdom has been bright, and promised to be brighter. It was pleasing to know that the young lady had risen, and was still rising in the world of music by her wonderful natural gifts, combined with energetic and close study. Miss Lily Ludlow,- her sister, is also progressing rap idly in her artistic studies. Mr. David Ludlow, J.P., father ,gf- the young ladies, has just receiv ed by mail avinumber of flattering notices of Miss Violet Ludlow's North of England and Scotland tour with the Coldstream Guards Band. The musical critics have spoken of Miss Ludlow, as .-the 'Australian Nightingale.' Miss Ludlow, at -;?the time of writing, was in London, under en gagement to the National Sunday League, pre sided over by Alderman and Sheriff Treloar, and she was then arranging for another northern tour. \- In Scotland' in particular Miss Ludlow was inun ^datsed with encomiums, and numerous and costly t presttots t* were laid at the feet of the 'Australian Nightingale.' Mr. Anthony Hope's dramatisation of 'Rupert of Hentzau,' his sequel to 'The Prisoner of Zenda,' hss been -produced at the Theatre Royal, Glasgow. Tii-o play, which is styled 'Rupert of Hentzau,' I f cllowK the book closely, and winds up, as in the novel, with the lying-in-state of the body of Ru dolph Rassenoyl. The death of the pseudo king, however, takes place indoors instead *»f in the garden — a change perfectly warrantable for stage 'purposes. Mr. W. H. Vernon, whose Macbeth will live long in the memory of Sydney Shaksperian Ptudente, was the Colonel Sapt, while Mrs. KaosEaore Morris made her debut in the email part of the Chancellor's daughter. Mr. Geo. Alex ander, whose manager (Mr. H. H. Vincent) was not in the cast, played Rudolph. Tito drama wa« most enthusiastically received. The 'Abbe Perosi has long been looking for a building in every way suited, to the production of !his oratorios, and it appears he hae at last found what he wante. His admirers have hith erto either complained of religious works being given in a theatre or of . a church where a priest preaches in the morning being used for musical performances in tha evening. After diligent search, the Abbe inae found a secularised church in the en virons of Milan, the acoustic properties of which are said to be perfect. The interior of this church (called La Paix) is now undergoing alteration, and in all probability the Abbe's eixith oratorio, 'The Massacre of the Innocents,' will be pre sented there at an early rate. Mme. Adelina Patti has been giving some excellent advice to a would-be debutante on- the operatic stage. 'Do not make too free use of warm clothing, but harden yourself against chan ces of temperature. Thanks to infinite and minute precautions I have preserved my voice, but I have always been careful not to weaken myself by excessive fear of heat or cold. All the stories told as to my dread of chills are pure fictions. I- avoid' keeping my rooms overheat ed; I spend three hours daily in the open air, and I walk or drive in an open carriage. I accustom myself to bear the extremes of summer and winter. Do not entertain that terror of the open air which makes so many artists ridiculous. Avoid furs and mufflers. Each time that I have gone out with a wrapper over my mouth in winter, I have coma home with a cold. But beware of the air just at nightfall.' These, in brief, are the counsels of the great diva, and without doubt they are wise. Everybody, however, does not pos sess Mme. Patti's vigorous nature and strong constitution, without which she never could have achieved her marvellous success. Misa Ada Reeve, whose success since her re tfcurn to the great metropolis has been phenom enal, ihas been engaged for a new opera, en titled 'Floradora,' .which was to have been pro duced at the Lyric Theatre, London, early this month. The Carnavalet Museum, in Paris, which is al ready full of interesting and valuable souvenirs, has juet had an addition made to it by M. Miala ret, the brother of Mme. Michelet, who, in accordance with the terms of his sister's will, has sent to the museum a portrait of the poet Miche let, taken when he was a child, together with a portrait of his wife, and the writing table used fcy the illustrious author. What was some -months ago merely suggests^; is now boldly stated in the theatrical world— namely, that a certain play which within the past two years has been the means of enhancing the reputation of a playwright whose name has been publicly associated with the authorship was written by another individual. The name of the latter was not considered to have a market value, and its owner, being in need more of money than of fame at the time, consented to the 'ghost' ar rangement, but is now much dissatisfied with the result — so says the story. Rumor has named the play as being by an Australian author, and that the writer is a brilliant epigrammatist now in dis grace, while others state the writer who prefers gold to fame is a woman. In connection with the production of 'The Ghetto,' the play in which Mr. G. S. Titheradge made a hit in London, Mr. C. B. Fernald, the adaptor, recently wrote to the press notifying his desire to disassociate himself from the production on account of what he considered unjustifiable in terference by stage management. This phase cf the subject of stage productions was alluded to in a recent 'M.A.P.,' which has the following from a correspondent: The question will probably never be settled as to whether a dramatic author is the best judge concerning the staging of his plays, or whether tine director and manager of a theatre should sit in judgment on the details of the pro duction. From the outsider's point of view it does not seem unnatural that an author should know best as to how the men and women of his creation should be dressed, talk, and move about. However this matter may be regarded by theat rical managers and dramatic authors in this coun try, it is sure that abroad the playwright has not a good time at all when his work is being re hearsed. At Vienna, that stronghold of the drama, for instance, the most lively scenes may often be observed' to take place between manager md author because the latter, perchance, wishes his heroine to appear in a sky- blue gown, while :he former insists upon the garment being red. In Scandinavia the same spirit seems to pervade the rehearsing playhouse. Henrik Ibsen, when the rehearsals of one of his plays begins, sits in the wing silently observing, and scribbling notes on small -slips of paper. At the end of the re hearsal he hands these suggestions of alterations :o the stage manager. Next day Ibsen is in his place again. Nothing has been changed. He scribbles again, and hands the elips to the mana ger, saying in his gentle manner, 'I am afraid you have had the pleasure of writing them again.' At the third rehearsal every thing is as before. Ibsen makes no remark till the end of the performance, when ha addresses the manager courteously in% this wise: 'The la dies and gentlemen are playing a piece of which I am not the author.' Then he marches off, and is seen ro more, not even at the first night. Bjornstejerne Bjornson is less placid. He is ac tively present at every rehearsal, of which he in sists upon having at least twenty for everyone of his plays. 'I beg of you, my dear friends,' he is apt to say, ' to rehearse the play with your written parts in your hands. You won't know it in less than twenty rehearsals. A part is learn ed at the rehearsals, on the actual boards, but not at home. It is the French method of re hearsing, but it is a good one!' After deliver ing this speech, he sits down in the front row of the stalls, puts on a skull-cap and the rehearsal begins. At the end of each act Bjornson makes severe criticisms on the acting and mounting of his play, and is never satisfied till some twenty five or thirty rehearsals have been. held. Canon Troutbeck, Precentor of Westminster Abbey, who has just passed away at the age of 67, was a great authority on secular as well as sacred music, and as a translator of opera libretti he had few rivals. Hs wrote several works on church music and. some school primers, but his chief labors lay in the translation of the texts of operas, oratorios, songs, and cantatas of Bach, Beethoven, Bendl, Dvorak, Gluck, Gounod, Moz art, Pinsuti, Schumann, Saint-Saens, Weber, Tschaikowsky, Wagnar, and others. -Mr. Charles Arnold's Johannesburg season, whicb concluded on September 16, was very suc cessful. The sensation of the last week was Mr. Arnold's singing of 'We take off our hats to the Queen,' iu which he introduced a Dutch verse on the 'situation,' which was seven times en cored (says 'The Era.'). Mr. Arnold had booked a date for Pretoria, but Mr. Kruger's ultimatum compelled him to leave the Transvaal with the rest of the Uitlanders. . Mr. Arnold may, there fore, be expected to arrive in Australia at an early date. His company includes Miss Sallie Booth, wife of Mr. J. H. Clyndes, a leading man, who played a short season in Australia some years ago, and created a most favorable impression. It' was recently announced that Heinrich Heine's sister, Frau Cha»iotte Embden, died at Hamburg, on the threshold -*J her 99th year. The deceased lady retained the use of all her faculties until the last. Readers of Heine's poems will find allusions to his sister as Lotte and Lottchen. r She was two years younger than the poet. Frau Embden possessed a considerable collection of her brother's letters, and also other papers relating to his residence in Paris, which will probably be published shortly. A historical landmark in theatrical London has just disappeared — so far as its theatrical as sociations are concerned. For many years well to-do snuff- takers have been in the habit of pur chasing the most delicate mixtures wherewith to indulge their habit at a quaint little shop half way down the Haymarket, on the left-hand side. And those who purchased snuff or cigars could inspect a valuable collection of old playbills, collected -by three generations of proprietors, all of whom, in their turn, -were accepted authori ties on the history of the drama. In the latter part of the last century the playbills of the Hay market Theatre announced: 'Tickets are sold by Mr. Fribourg, snuff merchant, in tlie Haymarket.' That was iu ? the days before the theatre had a booking-office. The -old-fashioned shop, with to bacco-casks as seats, and .fittings erected about 150 years ago, is now 'transformed into a modern cigarette emporium, with modern Oriental de corations. 'Do you dahnce on your toes, Miss Quiekwit?' 'Never, Mr. Clumsey. Other peor^o do that for me.' And he didn't know just what 6he meant until be tried to get another dance witib. her. 