OUR LONDON. LETTER. FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. LONDON. 20th May. Thd' eightieth 'birthday of' the Queen has been kept with unusual rejoicing all ni'cr the va.-H Empire which owns her beneficent sway,, hut the most l-ennirka-lile foaturos In connection with -the celebration have been Ihe extraordinary enthusiasm displayed by the people of -the United States. Oolonel Roosevelt, .who. may. he regarded as a tho roughly reprcscn-tnllvc American,, voiced- the. sentiment of Ills fellow countrymen in the following tclegrauv, which", he, sent -to the birthday .rejoicings at Tampa, where" Hie British cruisers I'curl and Intrepid were the centre of the' festivities: — '.'AH Americans, realising the essential brotherhood of the. English-Speaking-' peoples, must join you iff sending '..lie ...'hearties):', greetings.- to the Sovereign herself and to the mighty na tion over 'which: She reigns." A. similar senti ment. was expressed wi th - almost passionate fervor :on )Vpdue'sdny night by, .Colonel' J. L. Taylor at -tiie-baii'iiiiet giveu.'at the Hotel Cecil, lie prayed that bet woea. "English-, men/and 'Anicrlfcaris this event' might bind evetl more, closely the ties of kliiSUIp and brotherhood,- ami cement, uveu more tlghtly thq union of hearts and -purposes." Lord, llosobc-ry, at the same function,' referred to i'lie effect of the "Queen's reign upon the la- stltu'tionrof nitmarchy. . "Sim bus strength ened the- cause of monarchy all ' over, tlio -world..- . ... The. Queen, Is the bond and syinbot of the Empire.' N o one who has seen two jubilees o-f her. Majesty can doubt that 'If usdfci1 otbcf huspiees' a'n'd''.iindcr 'worse sovereigns a different -form of government was ever -to he established lu- these Islands, not'nierely, as t believe, would liiueh of our essential freedom be', diminished, hut .our Eniplre outside these islands would cense to exist,"- Not the' least touching Incident In connection with the birthday and :th'e Queen's recent visit to London wns bcr. stay for a .few minutes by herself In her room at Kensington Palace! where she was born, nnd lu the 'nursery whore as. a clilid she played. Tier t0j;s' "are 'Still there? .and sh'eionk'cd lov ingly upon them. I hear from. well informed persons thait the Quecii's . eyesight Is far from good, nnd here Is oven a talk ot cataract. . The following additional verso o if the Jubilee Hymn of the Bishop ot .Wake field Is from the peft of one of- the Eton masters, .Mr. Arthur C. Benson; a son of thCT late Archbishop:— : . Oh, loving heart, through fourscore years- Of : royal 6elf-surrender: ' 'Through gracious, toil, through faithful tears, 'Most; sorrowful, 'most tender. - In loving hone, in slcudfust might, Unnumbered hearts enfold licr; v On to the- home of life and light God -guard her, God uphold herl . At -the -Hotel Cecil banquet, Sir Andrew Clarke -returned thanks for Australasia/and contrasted the warm feeling -of loynlty felt -now In. the colonies towards the Queen and the attaehuiont to the Empire with t'he stn'oulderlng discontent which existed at the. comiueiicoment of the reign. The grant of Home Rule bad made the Australians happy, prosperous arid contented, nnd Instead of the talk about "cutting the painter," wtileli was- rife when he first visited the Antipodes half -a century ago, there was pride at the connection of Australia with the Emplre.aiid affection for.fhe .Queen. The name of Vic toria was prominent enough ott the maps of Australasia; but It wns more deeply graven In tho hearts of t'he people; Sir Andrew made, a very eloquent speech, -though owing to tho Iaite -hour at which It was delivered It .was very inadequately reported in the London newspapers. ' ' " As'-wns expected, SI. de Glers has returned to the charge, aud lhas ngalii pressed the Tsuug-U-Yumen to allow Russia to construct a Tine of - railway connecting Pekl-n with the Trans- Siberian railway. No one appears to know (the nature of the nnswer which IS likely to he returned; The ufost satisfactory . news from. China Is -that. England is rapidly getting as 'mnny fecrults as she requlres for! the Wel-hni- wel regiment, and that the, pre, -, liuvlnary contraot for the loani In connection with the TleJitsin-Chlnkcnng railway -has been signed. The agreement specifies , a sum of £7,400,000, which is liable' th nddU tlon or. reduction, according to the estimator, of the surveyors. 'The loan is 'to be Iraued at 5 ijer/cenit., «'nd,i££ tie 'rMe«asi£%'i'ii 'years after tho final contract has been signed. The' first ' -payment wlli be.made'Jn' the eleventh year, five years being allowed -for t'he construction of the line and five to' enable It to be got Into working order. The. interest Is guaranteed- by the Ohluese Gov-" ernmcut. There were many difficulties in negotiating the contract. 1 Mr. Hllller and Herr Urhlg, respectively represented British and German finance. The -northern' line from Tientsin to Fhslcn, to be built by the German section of the syndicate, will be about 650 kilometres long, while the southern line, from Ihs'Ien to Kwachan, on tlie Yang-: tse-Klang, opposite Ghinkoang, will have a length of about 330 kilometres. : A proposal -has been made in some quar ters of France that a im'odus ylvendl; should bo arrived at with England, and that, In' eonsidera'tlon for our Ibetiig allowed to dp as we please . In the Delta and Volley of the Nile, France be permitted to do as it may, choose witli Slaiui. One: portion would,- he, given to England,- which would be allowed to occupy the whole of the Malaecp Penin-: sula, while ''Fran-ce would have Bangkok iind the rest of Slam proper. A hint Is also: thrown out .that If England were to agree; to this division of the unfortunate country of the White. Elephants, France -might see its way to making certain cpucessloiis with regard to the French sliorc of Newfound land.' Such np." arrangement', might he 1m- ' moral; but in these days of blatant Iimperial- lsui, none' of the clvlllsed poivers of Europe: care very, riiiich about wohk. nations, espe cially when they are Inhabited ,hy Asiatics or Africans,' and the feeling, existing, if not expressed, is' that a hllick or a: yellow man has ho rights which a white man need re-, spoct. . Another inexplleablc .wreck .has. occurred ou the coast of Cornwall, within a - few hundredyi'arils of the.' spot where the Mohd- gan cainc' to grief last winter; luckily there has been noi loss of life/- The Paris, of the. American line, froiu Southniupton to New York,' formerly the City of Purls, of the Inman .line, went ashore at 1 a.ui. on 21st Inst., at tho Manacles. She, left Southamp ton at noon on 20tb, ran over to Cherbourg to pick up some steerage passengers, and left at 0 p.m. What she was doing near Cornwall is Inexplicable. Aii attempt hu been made to show that the rocks on that coast are so highly mineralised that they affect the compasses, and it is'posslblo that such may bo tho onSo If a Rhip cots with in a few hundred yards of th.eni. ' But the Paris , was at least 30 miles put of the pro per course from Cherbourg to New York- She need not have made any land between Gape do In Hoguu and Fire Island, off New York, unless, indeed, she sighted the Scillys in the far distance. Captain Watkln lias declined to give any Information until the American court of lnqil|ty Is hold, but It appears probable that he desired to sight the Lizard, -in order to got a good departure, and thut cither he or his officers mistook the lights at the, headland near the Mana cles for- the Lizard. The only satisfactory incident connected with the wreck Is that admirable . order was maintained, and that nil the passengers, 750 lu number, were got ashore without any loss of . life.- But pre: seuce ..of mind after an accident Is no ex cuse. -for its occurrence, and the loss of the Paris, following thut pf the. Stella and the Mob'egan, lis moderate weather, has very .much shuken public confidence' In navigators. If sueli men as Captain Watkln make such mistakes, what Is to' be expected, from the class, of inen who command the ordinary Ghunucl' steamers'/ The Paris still lies on the Manacles, but there appears to be some probability of getting her off. Tho latest news by cable was that; after repeated endeavors had been unavnlllngly rnado to drag the. vessel off the rocks, she was aban doned to tbe underwriters. \- Th6 trust question Is excit'ng a great deal of luterest In the United States. It seems probable that next year there will be a tre mendous conflict In the Republic, and that the Democratic party 'will endeavor to sup- press trusts. Unless something is done, and promptly, economic liberty will be extinct In the : American Republic. - The New York "Journal of Commerce" says. that the total capital In trusts and couiblnnttniis hold in the form of- stocks and bbhds now reaches the oaownbus sum of 5,S32,SS2,8l2 dbl., and thnt -the trusts embrace close on 00 per cent, of the manufacturing and mechanical Indus tries of the United Btntos. It has become practically 'impossible for a iky private Indi vidual In Amerlcn to commence business either as a manufacturer or producer. He must enter through the gateway ot a trust, or- keep out of It altogether. He may,' If lie -pleases, open a shop ; but lie cannot sot up lis an oil refiner, or a wool inanufaeliirer, or a cotton- spinner, or a whisky distiller, or a rubber - iniihufaetiirer. The' Republiea'u party :1s -becoming ahirmod at the aggressive attitude of aggregated capital,, and Is-afraid that' it it becomes Identified with the trust It wll).- be defeated, -stock,' lock'hnd barrel, In the Presidential cninpiilgii. The most.re-; urnrka-hlo Attack upon' the principle of trusts comes from Professor Small, ot the .Univer sity. of Chicago, '.which .Was founded by the uiultl-mlllloimlre Rockefeller, ' of ;thc Stun- ijnrd Oil Company. The professor .writes:— "In tills ngc of so-cnllcd democracy, we are getting Into Ihe thrall of the most relentless system' of economic oligarchy that history thus far records. . . . The. march of hu man -progress Is getting tcdheible to marking time lii. tho Iqckstep ot capital's chain gang. "' . . It would be Infinitely more for human weal If every dollar of (wealth should bo cleaned from the earlli, If we -could lmvc Instead of. I-t Industry and. honesty and jus tice and love and' faith, than to he led-niueh further Into tills devil's dance of capital- jsin." ,:;t1ven -iriore Imminent than the trust "question Is t'he epidemic of lynch law. which has set in throughout the South. ' lii 1SI17 there were 107 persons killed by lynch law; in 1808 they had grown to 280, and 47 have been put to denth In the first three months of .the presen t- year. Of the 333 lynched since 1st January, 1808, only 18 were, whites, the rept were .colored; 82 tvere accused, justly o-r unjustly, of nturdor, and 10 of assaults on women. One batch of 14 and another Of 11 were slaughtered for having defended themselves. One "talked too much.". One was '/impudent to a white woman." And on 22nd Match of this year 2il suffered' death lit Arkansas on tile charge of being' trouble- Sqme. The prison discipline throughput- the South Is atrocious, for the convicts, prin cipally negroes, are farmed out to eon- tractors, who sweat , them for all they are worth.- The negro question — there are 12,000,000 of them In the United States, and their property is 'estimated! at £80,000,000 sterling — Is a soilreo of great anxiety to both Republicans and Democrats. ' -Tile Paiis postmen struck on Wednesday night and went back to work on Friday morning. The Immediate cause of their action wits the refusal of the Seriate to authorise an increase of pay which. had been voted by the Assembly. The Paris postmen chlcr the service on a salary of £40 a year, Which is gradually Increased to £G0, and they complain that they get too little/ But tlicy have the advantage of being' functionaries whose pay is fixed by iaw; they cannot bo capriciously dismissed, arid tiiey have the right of bringing their grievances before the representatives of the people. When they enter the service of the post office, they ;ilo so by their own free will, well knowing the conditions' of the contract they sign. The places of the postmen were filled up by soldiers, who raphliy picked up. the work, arid the postmen, realising that they were beaten, surrendered. The post office authori ties have contented themselves- with punish ing the ringleaders, of whom 20 have been dismissed. ' . The admirers of Sir. Walter-Scott will he iritercsted at lcarnlng-tlmt Tamworth Castie, -the dwelling place of Marmlou— ; . ... Lord of Fontcnaye, Of Lutterivard nnd Scrlvelbayo, Of Tamworth Tower nnd Town — has been acquired, by the town which it 'for- -nierly dominated, and will henceforth be kept as a memento. of feudal times. Built In the reign of Alfred' the- Great, "It.- was: iieid by the Marmlons and the RevIUcs for genera- ;tIon after generation, and the Marquis '/Toiwnsend, by whom tile property has heisu sspld. to the; townspeople, wli pin . Ills an c e s-( 'tors regarded as their bondsnieii!' is'-the li ne Al . descendant of the Robert de Marmyou to whom the cnstle wns granted. by William the Conqueror. Tamworth- Castle was the scene of the combat between Sir Tarquln and Sir Lnuricclpt of the Lake, and 1100 years ago It was the Windsor Castle of the Kingdom of Merela. John Lackland was un- nble to. capture tike castle when' the Mrir- mions held It for the Baron, but the race died out in the male line, and since the days of Charles I., when It was besieged by tho Parliamentarians',; the history of Tam worth Castie, has. been peaceful enough.' To day the -tripper and the hojy day crowd wonder at tlieir sweet will in thb-liails where 600 years ago the Marmlons ruled, the feu dal tyrants ;of three wide domuins. The proprietors of "Pearson's Magazine" have agreed to a verdict of £250, and. costs, In tho notion brought ngulnst them by n mail named Sarti, nnd the judge hinted that If the trial had goiie on the damages would have been heavier. Sartl had been senten ced some time ago to- three and a half years', penal servitude for purchasing stolen goods, arid since his release had set up nu honest business In Clerkeuwoll. But an enterpris ing contributor to the magazine discovered Snrtl's batter, drew a Ilngrniir of ills head, and deduced the phi'enoioglelkl conclusion that the owner ot the lint must be n shifty, crafty individual, "a contention supported by bis past doings." !it is only, just that after the legal penalty has been exacted for an offence the culprit should he afforded tho opportunity of having, a fair cUancq of a fresh start. There must be an un written ''sta tute of limitations" to: prevent -the ghosts of the past- being called up to ruin n man's efforts at reform.- The wily of 'the.- ex-con vict . is ' hard enough without Ills position ..being made worse by phreri'olo'glciil descrip tions derived from hntters. Few persons will be found to sympathise with' the maga zine. . '; "Mr/Joseph Arch,' ith'e' laborer member for North-Wcstcrn Norfolk, . has 'aiiuouneed bis: Intention oi ( not '.seeking: . re-elec tion after tlic ! dissolution of .tbe present I'lirHnuienlt. ' Mr! Arch- :bas broken down a "great .deal during tho-last 'few (months, and lias hever got over the ef fects of the Infiiicuza.- with which lie was at tacked last year. Ho was born in 1826, and for -many years. worked as .n Jabprer. Iu 1872 ;be founded the Agricultural Laborers' Union, and If it has no't done all t'ha't was expected from it, there is no doubt -that It . hag airicllo- .ratt-d -the condition of the laborers. Mr. 'A-rcli entered, the Honse ot Commons too late In life to make his mark there, arid whs seldom seen in the- legislative chamiber Itself, but be was -a familiar figure In the lobbies and . corridors, where, attlrod -In grey,- and with a low-crowped hat, lie bad a pleasant word, for everybody. Sir Charles' Gavan Duffy contributes to the Dublin "Express" a lengthy communication, in which he takes to himself thq credit of being the founder of the -policy of Iridepcri- deut opposition, which originated with him lii 184S. This claim was receutly challenged by Major Maurice Moore, who asserts that his father', Mr. George Henry Moore (another of whose sous 1s Mr. George Moore)' really originated and applied this policy. (In connec tion with the Eccleslastica1 Titles .Act) be fore Duffy's schenic was beard of. Major Moore cited a conference of rlsh landlords, atteudod by nearly 20 peers, more "'than' 80 members of Furilaanent-and 600 men ;of rank and station, which was held In January, 1847, at which u resolution, -stated to, have been prepared by Moore, was adopted In favor of taking steps to form an Irlsh l'ar- llamcntary party. Sir Charles Duffy des cribes this conference as a "puiile- strickcu confederacy of legislators and land owners," and he says, "To compare this demonstra tion of an hour with the party I projected to fight Irish Interests In the House of Com mons day by day arid year by year is not rational debate," As for Independent op position," he says, "whoever heard since the Union ot twenty Irish peers meeting fot any other purpose than the Interest ot their class?" 