SILAS REDFERN'S DIS APPEARANCE. Tho mysterious disappearance of ol:3 SiUs Redfern wu m serious matter for Mamie. She bad been too loving a niece and too unsophiati-. cated a girl to indulge in.finy sordid spi'cnli> tion* as to when her uncle's money was likely to become hers. She bolievcd that nil lie left behind him would be hers same day, as in the ordinary course of nature he ought to dir many year* before she did. Though he was the most notorious old skin-flint in that part of the country, he was her uncle and the only living relative she had. So Mamie felt it to be her duty to lovo him and tried hor utmost to do so, and to a degree she succeeded. But as for money, and his money especially, it iaterested her about as much as the price of slates or stsel rails anywhere on the Pacific slope. Indeed, it was not uutil her uncle had dis appt-ured that the word '' money " came to have any real significance to Mamie Undrern. it was when she found herself alone in Firdale Hall, with a maid looking to her for every thing, and Bart Frushcr, tbu single labourer her uncle had kept about the pluce, wanting j eleven shillings as a lull week's wages lawfully due to biiu, that Mamie awakened. She positively had not a shilling. Sho never had had money. Living there at the old Hall, she never had wanted any. All things that were needful for her, hor uncle had provided. They bad come in proper course, and Mamie had grown up in that strong faith of childhood whioh dispoies of all difficulties of ways and mcaos with the confident affirmation 11 Father will pay," or " Ucclo will pay." Mamie re membered when her affirmation had taken the first form, but for seven years past it had taken the last. She bad lived with her uncle for seven years. And now that he bad gone, she was mistress of Firdalo, and poorer than her maid, who had received a month's w«gas throe weeks before. Her undo had disappeared without leaving any elue as to his whereabouts. Mamie had been speuding the day with Lena Belfleld at Whitethorn Lodge below the village. Fordyce, her maid, had gone out towards the close of the nfternoon to m»ke some purchases. When sho left, her muster, Silas Redfern, was walk ing up aud down the path whioh led from the back of the Hall to tho road, apparently absorbed in some matter of importance. But it was so ordinary a oiroumstance Cor him to walk about tho Hall and grounds with that pre-occupied air, that Fordyce thought nothiug of it, but weut on her way towards the village. That was the last that was seen of Silas Red. feru lilive. Every effort to discover bini, living or dead, had hitherto failed. It was now five months since he had disappeared. Thore was no evi dence of his death, and there was no reason to suppose that he hud made away with himself. And what deepened the mystery surrounding his disappearance iras that 110 will or papers bearing upon the Firdale Hall estate could be found. Every room and box and drawer was ransacked, but no paper of legal value was dis covered. Mamie knew that be bad had pack agis of documents. He had been in the habit of spending hours with them in a little room which opened into Ilia bedroom on the first lloor. There wore three large truuks and a writing desk in this room,and Mamie was under the impression that her uncle bad kept the papers in the trunks. But when thoy came to toe examined they were found to contain rub bish. warn-out clothing, and old bed coverings fvbich were dropping to pieces from old age. '.There was not a veBtige of paper 'or parchmout in any of them. Not only had Silas Redfern disappeared, uut his papers had disappeared, too. ? Everyone beliuved that he was dead, but all atforts ttf discover bin body bad proved fruitless. (Under tbo closn scrutiny to which Fordyce was subjected, tho girl was seized with an ungovern able terror. The ideas of death, of murder, of finknown horrors filled her with dread. She iii came hysterical, aad refused to stay another yiight iu Firdale Hall. Her fear was contagious. Mamie quickly caught it, and was consumed t>y a sease of indescribable horrors. She, too, tleelared tbatsbe could not remain longer at the Hall. It seemed to be hauuted by a legion of evil spirits which pervaded its very almos jphere. So Thomas Belfleld, Lena BelDi-Id's father, took pity on her, aud took Mamie her self to Whitethorn Lodge to spend a few weeks pvith Lena, and to see what Time would reveal, Though a perfict inuacent as regards money (natters and the affairs of business life, Mamie Jiedfern was one of the most popular girls for miles round. She was sixteen,as vivacious as a jspring breeze, and the mischievous member of the Firdale tennis club. There were, at least, three fellows of the club who .had designs ou Mamie, but the only one .who found her at all responsive was Walter Marston, the son of a rusticating iron merchant. As soon as Walter began to pay serious attention to her, it was patent to everyone that be wsb the first and only favourite. The other two suitors aocord ingly stood off like honourable men, and left Mamie to Walter. Aud from that timo the village looked upon ber as properly appropri ated. Tboso who were intimate with Walter Marstou congratulated him upon bis good for tune in having secured Mamie. Those who were not intimate with him envied him and said that some people were " always iu luck's way." No one was more concerned over Silas Red feru's disappearance than Walter Marston. It caused bim many a sleepless night,and the pri vate inquiries ha instituted cost bim a con siderable amount of money. He saw the awk ward position in whioh the disappearance of Mamie's uncle and the family papers had left her. He determined, therefore, that no trouble or expense he could command should be spared in the effort to clear up the mystery. Walter and I had long been fast friends. Our tasted were alike, and as our houses were not far apart we were frequently found at each other's abode. Besides, thero was au attraction for me at The Roivsas, the home of the Mars tons, which would have accounted for my fre quent presence there had Walter bf en iu the Antipodes. He had a very engaging sister, whoso name was Alice, and by common gossip Alice Marston and I were to be united in holy matrimony. Be the truth of that what it might, I confess to having been with Alice Marston in the conservatory at The Rowans one lovely evening in July. She had taken me in to look at a vine which, under her attention, bad be come one of the finest iu the district. I had proper!y admired the delicate plant, and paid Alice every permissible compliment for bringing it into such a remarkably healthy aud prolific state, when our conversation turned upon Mamie Redfern and the disappearance of ' her uncle. I noticed tbat Alius laid down the light pair of shears she had takes up, and tbat she sud denly stood still, looking very grave. .' What's tbo matter, Alice ?" I said, startltd by the change which had come over her. " Clem ! Do you know what I thiuk about it V She spoke very deliberately. " What, Alice I was all attention. " I believe that Mr. Redfern is somewhere in that bouse. If be had made away with himself outside, tbey would hove found him. He's in the house. 1 feel sure of it." " Wbafc makes you think so, Alice ?" " I'»e thought so for a month now. One night lost week I was dreaming abiut Mamie and the Hall. I dreamt that I Baw Mr. Redfern come twice to tlw window of the little room at Vie south corner. He beckoned to me and then pointed with bis right hand." "Pointed ! How ? Where ?" I gasped. " Towards tfee other side ; towards the mid dle of the house ovrr the front entrance. I saw him as plainly as I M-e you. ',Ir0 ho 15 somewhere in there. I), ro you «o in and see, Clem 7" ? " Dire I P Aye, a hundred times. But the place has been ransacked very nearly that," I said, excited by what she had told me. I turned the matter over in iny mind, and re called every ciroumstanee which bad come to light bearing upon Mr. Redfern's movements up to the time of his disappearance. The more I thought over it the more strange it seemed to roe that, it dead, his body should not have been lonud. There »r.i no deep water any where within three miles of Firilale Hall. There were five pits which served as watering j plaoei for cattle, a»d these had all been care fully dragged. The police were satisfied that Mr. lledforu's body was not in any of them. So that everything pointed to him being above ground aitber alive or dead ; yet up to that time there had not been a single clue discovered as to his whereabouts. The more 1 thought of it, the more reasonable did Alice's supposition become that the miss ing man was still in his own house. I deter mined that I would tell Walter Marston what his sister had said and ask him to join me in a thorough exploration of Firdale Hall. II By jove ! laok at that now ! The very same thought has been hiiuntitig my mind for a fort night past," Walter explained, .when I told him of Alice's suspioiou. So he fell in eagerly with my proposal to explore the Hall, and we arranged to do so on the following morning. Firdale Hall was a plain, substantially-built place standing in its own grounds, about 200 yards from a road which led into the main road a little to the south of Firdalo village. A row of trees shielded the upper part of the Hall from observation,and left its only architectural featuio in view from the road. This was a pillared portico before the front entrance, which served to relieve the monotony of the plain red brick front. Except for the singing of tho birds, the place was as still as the grave when Walter and I walked Hip to the front door. We had quite Ave minutes' fumble each before we could get the rusty key properly into the look, aB the front door had not been opened for nearly tbreo months. Old Mrs. Oorkbill, who spent two dayseach week in the housedtiBtiug and attend ing to the furniture, used a small side door to enter and leave. We, however, decided that we would enter by the front, us we thought the place would be all the sweeter to ourselves if we set the large front door wide open to admit the air. How still everything was ! Not as much as tho scratching of a mouBe could be heard as we stood is the first room on the ground floor. For a moment we remained perfeotly motionless, paying a kind of involuntary deference to the' place which hud been the home of Mamie Red fern. The old pictures upon the walls were too faded fortheirsubjectstobedistinguishable, for Silas Red fern would as soon have thought of giving bis life us of spending money upon fur bishing up what he regarded as useless incum brances. He had not placed them there, but many utimeheharl bemoaned the folly of those who had squandered good money over doing so. We went through the house from ground floor to roof. Every room we could fiud was care fully examiued,and every box or article of furni ture which could have contained as much as the body of a child was subjected to a scrutiny so thorough that we would have risked our lives upon its completeness. There was one thing which had sent a chill through me the moment we readied tke top ol the stairs leading to the first floor. I had de tected a peculiar odour which my miud im mediately associated with the body of Silas Redfern. Walter did not notice it, so I put it I down to fanoy. Our search was fruitless. I proposed that we should go outside again and take' uuother good look at the house. Walter readily assented, so we went to the ball and then out by the front door, whioh we had left open. We stood back on the grass beyond the gravel walk to obtain a better view of the frontage. " Alice said tbat in her dream he came twice to that window, and pointed to the middle of tno house over the front entrance,"! remarked, as we stood vainly looking for some clue. 44 That would mean somewhere about the stairs," Walter aaswered, knitting his brows as if thinking hard. " Tho stairs, eh ! There might be something in that. Let us go and have another look round," I said, a vague, uneasy feeling coming over me. We went from bottom to top of the houie, and examined every landing, with the same result as before. " Well, we may givo it up as a bad job," said Walter, as we slowly oame down on to the first floor landing, I had just stepped on to the landing, and turned to go along to the first flight of stairs. I was on the point of assenting to Walter's re mark, when my eye caught sight of something which aroused my curiosity. It had never struck me before, and Walter had evidently not yet noticed that between the wall and the stairs we had juat como down and the nearest wall of the room which stood next to the stairs on that side, there was a short length of wall measuring about four feet and forming tho aide of the landing. It occurred to me that I had never seen any thing in the room ou either side of the stairs corresponding with the short wall, nor yet with the width of the stairs themselves. I should have expected to find a deep closet or a small room under the stairs, but 1 could not recall having seen a trace of either. " Here ; come back ! There's something I'm not satisfied about," I said, turning back to the room beyond the stairs. 1 examined the wall closely. It had an old paper on which was un broken. There was no indication of any roam or recess running under the stairs on that side. I went back along the landing iuto the room oil the other side of the stairs. It, too, was papered. I ran my hand over the side nearest the stairs, but found nothing 'to excite sus picion. The paper was intact, and the wall seemed firm enough when tapped by my knuokle. '. What on earth are you after ?" Waller asked. He had looked on blaakly while I passed my hand over the paper of the wall. .. See," I said. " From the far side of the stairs to thii wall ie about seven feet. The wall runs that way about twelve feet. What's in between the two walls ? _ ,B . " The stairs,'* he answered, simply. " Nonsense ! They don't take up a third of it There's space. They don't build t«elv« by-sevea of solid bricks. I want to know what's in there," I said, excitedly. We went backwards and forwards from one room to the other, but mo trace of am aperture could we find or any mirk which would indicate a possible opening. Here was a mystery, bnt one I was determined to solve if I had to bring in workmen to break through the wall. We went up the stairs and along the upper lauding, but still there was no trace perceptible of any opening I was more than aver con vinced, though, that under and beyond these stairs lay enough space to form a smallchamber, and I meant to get into It somehow. X was on the point of leaving the place with the intention of bringing baok a brioklayer, when an idea occurred to me. Going to the top of tho itairs, I' came slowly down baok wards, grasping eaob step as I came, and trying to raise or dislodge it. Not a step moved. I got to the bottom and grasped the edge of tbe lowest step. I was exasperated at tbe failure of my last scheme, and gave a vindic tive tug at tbe woodwork. To my consterna tion, half of the flight of stairs seemed to dis appear, and I fell forward into n yawning cavity where an instant before tbe stairs bad been. Walter saw me fall and heard my shout, and tried to drag me boot, but tbe momentum I had attained through the jctk ( had niven at the step carried me away from him. Before ho could make a seoond grab at me I bad struck a floor, but, beyond ? the feeling of the sharp con cussion, I was unhurt. 1 rose quickly to my feet aud looked before me. I was in a narrow and dimly-lighted room. Laokiug round I saw that tbe stairway was still open, and that the lower half of the stairs was somehow suspended upwards. " Come in ; there's a good floor ; we shall And something hero," 1 said to Walter. Ite stooped and came in to where I stood. Thou wo slowly advanced towards the ead of the chamber. We had only made three steps forward whem we simultaneously stopped and gripped each other. At tbe end of the chamber stood a huge chest, the massivo lid of which we could see was raised about three inches. In front of tbe chest, kneeling by it, was a human form, its head aud^ shoulders being hidden by the heavy lid whioh had closed down upon them. One glance sufficed to convince us that the mystery ol Silas Redfern's disappearance was solved. "We know that the kneeling form, trapped, as it were, by the ponderous lid of the chest before us, was the mortal remains of Mamie's uncle. We advanced to tbe ehest and raised tbe lid. Then we drew back the distorted form, crooked like the letter S and rigid as steel. It fell heavily on to tbe boards with a tbud wbicb nearly unnerved us. The ehest WHS one of the massive old fashioned structures of heavy,irou bands, bolts, aad solid oak, sucb as are met with in old country churebes as depositories of parish rolls and registers. It was nearly half full of documents, gad contained three small bags iu which were £297 iu gold. Everything was clear as we looked ot that huge box and then at the crooked form before us.The room was the spaco under the stairs and between the other two rooms.Tbe only entrance wos that by wbiob we bad come. To eaable it to be used, the lower part of the stairs bad been made to raise upward, a counterpoise being attached at the upper end beyond the bar which served as a pivot for it to swing upon. It was this oounterpoUe which caused tlie steps to remain suspended in the air after I had first jerked them up. Such light as there was in tbe room came down from a little barred window in the back wall of the house, which we afterwards found was hidden from outside observation by a skeletou pigeon-cote without a roof being suspended in front of it, but sufficiently far from the glass to allow the light to euter All the deeds of the Uedferu properties were found arranged with scrupulous care iu the chest we had discovered. Sjlas lied fern bad used the chamber as bis secret ruom, and had evideutly taken tbe oppoituaity of Mamie and I'ordyce being away from the house to enter it for tbe purpose of examining some of tbe papers or of adding more gold to his store. The lid had evidently fallen down upon him and stunned him, and he had sunk forward into* the chest to be held by the cruel grip of tbe lid until death first, and then we, released him. Mamie was legally entitled to everything. Neither she nor l?ordyce bad any knowledge or suspicion of the existence of the secret chamber, and what we told them about it made it im possible for either of them to live again in Fir dale Hall. In twelve months Walter Marston led Mamie to the altar.and then took her to the new house half-a-milo below Tbe Rowans, where Fordyce joined her again. Firdale Hall romaiued untenanted, and gradually sank into decay. It is now used as a granary and for stabling, and tbe simple folk of the district aver that at times a figure may be seen at the ruined window at the south corner, and that it is the ghost of Silas Itedfern. 