XzJLv v/v/\/l\ JLJlAULL 1m \nj JO vi The Steak's Revenge. \%i. EXPERIENCES AND DREAMS OE « ARRAH LUEN.', (FOR 'CATHOLIC PRESS.') ' Toll me what was the nicest dinner you ever eat in your life.' I look into Johnny's blue eyes, full of anxious inquiry, and think. The nicest dinner ? Then I step, back and pass in Review tho various dinners I have eaten in the back blocks, on a gold field, in boarding houses in big cities, in a hospital, in grand houses and humble cabins. Their ghosts come at my call. I look them boldly in the face with smiling glances or bitter reproaches, and some of them have the grace bo turn away their heads in shame. ' The nicest dinner, Johnny, was a simple roast leg of mutton followed by an apple pie.' But Johnny shakes his head dubiously. That may be good, certainly, but there are other things ever so much more delicious. There is sucking pig, and goose with apple sauce, and plum pudding, and mince pies, and ? . Still I adhere to my opinion, so my little friend goes away in silence to spend a threepenny bit on triangular raspberry pufld, fully persuaded that although I may be clever in many ways I know absolutely nothing about things 'good to eat.' But it was a nice dinner. A convalescent patient, creeping out of the shadows into the sunshine, I sat on the verandah of a small brown house in a country town, wagoning through the open door the preparations of the strong food so long denied to me. My hostess with the silvery hair, who was 'cook and hostess at the same time,1 had come down in the world ; but she carried with her into obscurity tho grace and refinement that had ever made ' the ways of life ' pleasant for others in a beautiful home. The kitohen was so dainty in its simple appointments. A jar of flowers stood on the snow white dresser, the tinware glistened, the window was open to the rose scented air, and a pleasant odour of burning wood oame from tho burning stove. As my hostess tenderly basted the leg of mutton revolving in front of the fire and peeled the apples with an old-fashioned silver fruit knife and rolled out the paste with the light, firm, rapid touoh of the artist, wliile she spoko of the 'old poet' whose brave words were helping to bring oolour into tho world again for me, I felt that here, indeed, was cookery idealised, When I eat of that mutton (the juices so1 faithfully oonserved) with its accom paniment of home made jolly, cauliilour hiding tinder its veil, potatoes roasted in their jackets ready to break into floury fragments at. a touoh, and' the apple pie, made after tho reoipe of a great grand mother famed for her skill In 'dainty dishes,' I was able to say with Sydnoy ' Smith, 'Fate oannot harm me, I have dined to-day.' I forgave the oooks who had de livered me into tho hands of that Philistine, the 'Giant Dyspepsia.' I forgot their fried chops in a sea of grease, their bread with tho heart of a stone, their shadow soups, their unfathomable stews, and over a oup of fragrant coffee I fell into a ' dream of fair women.' Who oame very near to mo that afternoon, who whispered that tho happiness of the little home depended very much after all on its breakfasts, dinners, and teas? ''Why, Ruth Plnoh, .dear Ruth Plnoh, She blushed and trembled j sho was so anxious about tho famous beof steak pudding, so afraid she might forgot something, so hopeful that it would turn out right — so full of delight when Tom and, the friend decided it was perfection, Oh ;i Ruth, as I looked at your little , hands fluttering around tho dish adding the seasoning, measuring the paste, I did not wonder that 'someone' fell'in love more desperately than ever, after watching tho preparation of that immortal pudding,1 ? * * I open my window and look down tyho narrow, quiet Btroot, It is mid-way between noon and Bun-sot, Some of tho good women aro beginning to think it is tlmo to boo about the evening meal. Thoro is a butohor's shop at the oornor, Mrs. Jonas has just oomo out with a paroel of ohops, and Mrs. Smith follows with throo pounds of stoak, , I know tho stemk is atringy, I know bho chops am tough, yet what does it matter? In the eyas of those industrious hard-working women, there 1b only oneAvay of cooking ohops aud steaks, Thoy must bo well frlod until thoy have beaomp hard 'and unlmpi'OHsionablo, and thon served up in a, aravy of diluted fat woll thlokonoa with ilour. PoBflibly durinc tho evening Bill JoneB goou to tho ' pub'' JubI) bolow tho butohor'o Hhop for a glatui of spirits to rollnvo the painful fooling of a ' weight on bin ohoHb.' PoHnibly alHo ho roquiruH nioro than, one and uonioij homo ulightly oluvatud and makon a scene. Unfortunate Mrs. Smith (who has to wash to-morrow) gets very little sleep, for the children are restlesB and littlo Tommy wakes up screaming dreadfully because the bear has esoaped from the ''Zoo' and haa chosen to sib on his sbomach. And there is no one near by to tell bho truth about these troubles, to say ' ibis only the badly treated chop or steak, having its revenge.' Bub far off on the horizon thore is a little 'cloud rising nob bigger than a man's hand.' I am filled with hope. I look for ward to the coming of the ' worker' who will do for cookery and domestic eoonomy what Florence Nightengale has done for nursing. Sarah Gamp had it all her own way for a long while j bub the strong tide of sound public opinion svvepb her out of sight (although the band box, the umbrella and . the bobble are still seen on the river bank). In her place we have the skilled trained nurse of bo-day. And tho cook ' that is to bo' must come. Whether she will wear a fetching dis tinctive dress, form a club and deliver occasional lectures, is as yet unknown ; bub she will certainly bring with her a know ledge of the simple laws that govern health and a firm faith in her work as an art worthy of the deepest devotion. The cook of the future will meet the little lad setting out on the journey, with the the delicate milk foods, bhe nourishing soups, whiuh help to build the weak limbs into firm flesh and hard bone. She will look carefully after his diet as he passes through the mysterious Woods 'of Youth. And when she meets him on the Tableland of Manhood it will be her pleasant task to set before him treasures in wholesome dishes, to make discoveries in choioe foods to lay under heavy jtrribute, the garden, tho orchard, the plains and the sea for his benefit. Some day the little lad will grow old, very old, tie will lose the memory of jam tarts, forget tho roast meats and vegetables of ? later years. Sitting at the foot of tho hill, 'sans teeth, sans eyes, sans every thing' he will turn to the faithful cook for the delicate pottage, the comforting gruels, all that remains to him now of 'things good to eat.' For we want the cook always, in tho beginning at the end. The cook of the future will pin her faith to a new creed. She will abandon the frying-pan in favour of tho gridiron, and she will embrace scales and weights as helpful friends. Ltss con servative, sho will no longer look with con tempt on Madame Blancs' dainty pot-a-few, nor turn aside from the dish prepared from, ' trimmings,' now oast aside as useless. With knowledge goined in wider fields sho will have learned at last to see that th'ero is ' good in everything,' oven in a beof bone. And ? 'Pleas ma'am, will you have tho mutton oold or made into a hash,' I look at the/ figure in the doorway, It is not my hostess -vith the silvery hair of bygone flays j it is not the ghost of .cUith Plnoh } it is jusb Mary Anne. , 'How will you make 'the hash?' I askihumbly. 'Ah jusb ohop up tho meat, add a handful of flour, water, and a piuoh of salt, and boll it, But I oan pub in an onion if you like, Some people / likes onions in their hashes.' I oiv/.Q into tho dingy slroet again.' Smoko ~ is rising rapidly from different) ohimnoys. Mrs, Jones and Mrs. Smith are evidently busy with bho evening meal,. The sun sc bright an hour ago, ,has been passing under ploiulg,,as I look it ro-appoars. Xt is an omen of good, I turn to Mary ? Anno with a light huarb, for I know that the cook of a day unboru will arrive, and in the kitohen thore will bo a oloar shining after rain. ' . In tho meantime I must cleolde between tho merits of oold mutton and a hash thab carries memories, * , : ARRAH LUEN, Sydney, February 20, 1800, A lady reprenontutivo of the Equitable . Life Assurance of the United Stateo will be pleased to oall on ladles and give full par ticulars ro life assurance for themselves, or endowments for their ohildron, Address— Mrs, Gooilroy Harper, Equitable Buildings, Goorge-atroet, Sydney, Bargains in diamond rings, gold watches, gold chains, silver plate, &a;,, from tho pawnbrokers' salofl, Evory aitiolo guaran tood. Address for tho paBb nino years. W. Buunktt, 01 Oxford-atroot, 2 minutos' walk from Hydo Park, Easy torina at onah prloos,* 