Mount Pleasant Hill. A CHRISTMAS EVE STORY. WAY BACK IN THE FORTIES. By " Myall Jack." MOUNT Pleasant House and its sur- rounding lands at the present time are vastly different from what they were at the time when my story com- mences. A person who had known it in those days, and been absent from the locality, would soarcely recognise the old plaoe. It was then a good run of four or five hundred acres, heavily timbered, which afforded splendid shelter for the herd of horses and cattle that used to graze over the well grassed paddocks. But what a change a few years have wrought, and I fear for the worse. Since the land boom set in, the outer portion has been sold and cut up into town allotments, a few small houses erected, the fine timber ruthlessly cut down, and the romance of former years gone. The homestead, as it was called, has un- dergone some changes, with its row of olive trees on one side, and the well cultivated land with its luxuriant fruit trees of various descriptions on the other, and sloping, towards the house the young orange grove, and grapevines. The building used as barn and stables has also undergone a change the two wings, one on either side, have long since been pulled down, the house alone seems to have had the least ohange, and can easily bo reoognised as old Mount Pleasant House, whioh name by the way, according to the tales told by some people, seems to be a mis-nomer, for there are some strange tales told (and believed in up to the present time) of the work oarried on when this was a penal settlement, and the estate worked by convicts, although I believe for the most part the men who were in authority at Mount Pleasant were humane men and treated those under them like human beings and not like beasts ; but for all that among the conviots, there were always some black sheep, and we hear of some dark deeds being committed whioh probably gave rise to the weird stories of ghosts having been seen in and around the homestead, of the steady tramp, tramp, tramp, up stairs at night, and the rattlings of the windows on perfectly calm nights, and horses becoming terrified at some unseen object. Suoh was the description given the writer, by a lady who resided there some twenty years ago, also a Christmas Eve adventure she had in testing the truth of a rumour that had gained ground, of a stone in the hill at the top, having two letters cut in it, and it was told as a fact, that if the letters were chiseled out they would come in again.. Also should anyone attempt to remove the stone the sky would become overcast, and lightning and thunder of the most terrible nature burst forth. It was generally supposed that some one had been murdered and put under this stone. The lady on this particular Christmas Eve conceived a desire to test the accuracy of the report. She took with her a well grown lad, (now living and well known in Penrith) to do the digging. It was a most beautiful day ; not a cloud to be seen. They had commenced operations, and had gone down on one side a few inches, when she looked up and a cloud began to overspread the sky. They took no notice for a while, when.suddenly there came a vivid flash of lightning and a most awful clap of thunder that seemed to rend the very hill, They abandoned their work and the mystery of the stone was never solved, (at all events by them) .and Christmas Eve was very near ending as sadly as 0ne some forty years before.. About that time a gentleman, who had resided for many years in a neighboring colony, had sent his daughter (who.was in delicate health) to spend some time with her friends at Mount Pleasant, hoping that the change would be beneficial to her. She seemed to gain strength for a while, and her favorite walk on nice, balmy evenings was to the top of the hill, under the shade of a wide spreading tree, where she would read, and from whence a splendid view of the fertile district of the Nepean can be had. On warm, evenings she would stay till the stars dotted the sky and the moon shed its silvery light over hill and dale. It was on one of those occasions, while sitting enjoying the cool evening breeze after rather an oppressive day, that an old woman, rather poorly clad and stooped with age, suddenly appeared from under the hill as though she had come from a cave in the vicinity (which, in truth, she had, but which, for some reason or other, was covered up sorne years after and is known to very few now), and, accosting the young lady, said : 'Let me tell your, fortune, lady,' After a while Miss A—— consented, not because she believed it, but on account of the old woman's importunity ; and, giving her a. piece of silver, the old woman, after going through some form of her own, com- menced the following lines:— The maid who repairs to Mount Plerasant Hill, When the stars are out and the winds are still, Shall see a.form and shall hear a voice That will make her sorrowing heart rejoice, And if her lover died in a distant land Let her make three circles with her hand, And gaze on the stars and hold her breath, And her lover will come from the realms of death, And sit with her when the winds are still, And the stars are out on Mount Pleasant Hill. When sbe had finished she waved her hand and disappeared as suddenly as she before appeared. As Miss A— went home she pondered a good deal on what the old woman had told her, for, coincident with the charm, her lover had indeed died in a distant land, whioh it was said was the cause of her illness, and she.determined at some future time to try the charm. It wanted only a week to Christmas. Her father had arrived to spend the festive season with his friends and daughter, to whom he was greatly attached, and often she would take him with her to her favorite resort. Christmas Eve came, hot and sultry but in the evening a beautiful cool breeze set in and when the sun had lost its power she went by herself to the hill, and lingered until the stars came out and the full moon rose in all her beauty. While she sat she thought of the old woman's words and went through the required form and charm. It was now getting late, and her father, who had been away during the afternoon, had returned, and became anxious about her, and, accompanied by some ladies, turned their stops in the direction where they hoped to find her. As they drew near they heard her voice as though speaking to some- one. They drew near unperceived, and listened. There was no one with her, but, they heard her say : " Ob, Jack ! I am so glad you have come —they told me you were dead, but I could not believe it, and have been watching and, waiting, and yon have come at last. What a merry Christmas we shall have ! Let me rest my head upon your shoulder for a while, and then we will.go home." She reclined her head against the tree under which she was sitting, and her friends watched for some time without disturbing her, and since she did not rise they went to her, but her gentle spirit had taken its flight; and instead of a season of festivity it was turned to one of mourning. 