Dying Nations. HOW AN EMPIRE IS AFFECTED BY THE CLIMATE. A nation only lives a few thousand years. Look at the great nations of 4000 years ago. Egypt, Yucatan, Mexico, Peru, As syria, are all dead and buried. China ’s only staying nlivo to save funeral expen ses. The next generation of nations included Home and Greece, and those aro like gal vanished ghosts. The third generation, the Turks, Moors, .Spaniards, Moguls, Dutch, and Scandinavians are alive, hut have lost their power. From this you will see that the nations in hot countries c}ie and stay dead. The na tions of cold countries rise, become great, fail, lose their outlying dominions, and yet stay alive. Tliafc is because the land does not lapse into jungle like Ceylon and Yuca tan, or change into desert like Assyria and Egypt, hut remains fertile, providing, nlcnty of food. Now to apply these facts. Great Bri tain, the United States, Russia, and Ger many are gaining in population, wealth, and power', hut the British empire is ex tending more rapidly t han any one of them. Compare her with France, for instance. A couple of centuries ago, when France owned most of North America, and was founding a vast empire in India, Paris was bigger than London, and was the capital of the civilised world. To-day Paris has 2,500,000 people, and is the capital of the arts and fashion. But London has 5,000,000 souls, and lias taken the place of Paris as metro polis of flic world. The British empire is growing, and it will keep on growing, along the linos of least resistance. At the present rate, the whole land surface of the planet will ho absorbed by the year 2349 A.D. But as Greater Britain grows it conies into closer contact with the boundaries of the United .Sta i ca, Russia, and Germany. Even if we could, we have no wish to swallow these or anj' other decently governed countries. The United States, Russia, Germany, and Japan are playing the same game. The British empire is nearly as large as the four combined. As England does not wish to conquer the well-governed countries, the area open to annexation mav he diminished by half. In that case all the world will he ]>roperly governed by the year 2012 A.D. So in 113 years from the present time the British empire must stop spreading for lack of room on the planet. Even then it wil 1 . grow in wealth and population, but meanwhile these little islands aro getting verv old. Sooner or later wo may feel the weakness of age. and he no longer able to fight for our own possessions ; our colonies may cut adrift from us ; the conquered coun tries liko India may revolt. If all this should happen, as politicians of a pessimis tic temperament are already predicting, it would only he a ease of history repeating itself. How long will that ho? Well, Rome rose in 400 years, as wo did, and took a thou sand years to decline. Our empire is in finitely greater, stronger, and more loyal than the Roman. Suppose wc say 1500 years before the Little England party wins a general elec tion, and little England is a second- class power, as she was in the days of Henry YHL ?—‘'Daily Mail.” Six hundred leaders of American society attended I lie wedding in New York of Miss Vanderbilt Sloaue and Mr. Hammond. The bride possesses a million sterling in her own right. The bridegroom is a young law yer. They met while engaged in mission work in New York. 