ALTHOUGH somewhat divergent as usual, the estimates of the wheat harvest in Vic toria point to a satisfactory increase in the yield, and in the surplus available export. The more sanguine computation for the current Season, as compared with that of 1593-9, is as follows: Area. Average i leld Acres. Bushels. Bushels. 1593-99 ... 2.000.000 10.21 20,421,000 1539-1900 ... 2,263,000 9.37 21,195,000 The estimated average yield per acre thus shows a.decrease of about seven- eighths of a bushel, but on the other hand, as there has been an increase in,the area under cul tivation, the total yield is larger by 774,000 bushels. Tho surplus for export will therefore be a considerable one, and taking all circumstances into account it is con sidered probable that shippers will be able to send away an even larger quantity than during the year now drawing to a close. Esti mates of that surplus range from 12,000,000 to 13,000,000 bushels in round numbers, and assuming the latter calculation to be not far above the mark, the total value of the crop will be £2,500,009 sterling, and the colony’s gain, as compared with the re turn from last season’s harvest will be, at prices now ruling, something like £1,000,000, which following upon the enor mous gains to the graziers, and to, in les ser degree, some of the farmers, from the rise in the prices of wool, will form a substantial addition to the wealth of the colony, that will prove of great advantage, not only to the staple industries of the country, but to all others, as depending upon the success and well-being of the pro ducers, as the basis of the general pros perity. Unfortunately at the commence ment of the shipping season the farmer is confronted with somewhat disappointing conditions, in comparatively low prices, and also in the hardening of the freights for carriage of his produce by sailing ves sels. As to the former, he has to accept the world’s rates. No effort he can make, no combination he can form, no Govern ment he may support, can secure for him one farthing per bushel more for his wheat than the price dictated by the market rate in London. This rate is governed by cir cumstances over which no farmer and no Government can exercise control; it de pends upon the amount of the world's pro duction, and that is regulated very largely by climatic conditions the world over. But the Government and Parliament can do much in the way of aiming at making the occupation of the soil sufficiently profit able to encourage settlement and produc tion, and to see that the farmers of the colony are not unduly handicapped in comparison with their competitors as to rates of freight, taxation and other con ditions of their industry that are depen dent in large measure upon legislation and administration. The hard times through which the colony has passed have deeply impressed upon it the les son that the general welfare rests largely on the industries of the soil, and that these deserve to be encouraged, not hampered; treated generously, not harshly by the State. Latterly, however, the colony appears to have been placed at a serious disadvantage, more especially as regards its export trade. An itinerant Minister of Agriculture has enjoyed sun dry jaunts, for the purpose of making di verse enquiries, and meanwhile his de partment has signally failed to keep pace with the requirements of certain branches of the export trade, as regards provision for storage, etc., and exporters have had reason for grave dissatisfaction as to the utter inadequacy of the arrangements for tho shipment of frozen products to the old world markets. Not only are producers exasperated, but business in British mar kets is being seriously disorganised by the irregularity of supplies, owing to want of space and delays in shipment. For these reasons the rabbit trade, which has grown to large proportions, and brings in up wards of £100,000 per annum to the colony, is reported to have been severely checked, and a large number of men have been thrown out of work, because there is no freezing space available at the Flinders street depot to prepare the rabbits for the over-sea journey, and no vessel to take them away, even if they were ready for shipment. "All the parties concerned," it is added, "including the ex- Minister of Agriculture, the de partmental officers, and the expor ters are blaming each other, but, apparent ly nothing has been done to bring about an improvement on the condition of things now existing." Even worse appears to have been the case with regard to the ex port of meat, in connection with which the exportation of lambs has proved quite be yond the capacity of the department to cope with it at the Government freezing works. Indeed, according to one authority, so utterly inadequate has been the space available "that numbers of ex porters have been obliged to send stock from Victoria to the Deniliquin Freezing Works, a state of affairs that has never been heard of before. Not only was that the case, but stock from Riverina, which would have come to Melbourne, if suffi- cient cool storage space had been available, had been sent to Deniliquin. He himself had sent 19,000 head of stock to Denili quin, which he would otherwise have killed and frozen here. This meant a serious loss to the working classes of Victoria, and especially to slaughtermen and fellmon gers." The inert and inept ex-Minister appears to have evaded dealing with the matter by tho usual device of referring it to a Royal Commission, which has been sitting for an inordinately long time, with very little apparent result, and appears to have become as inactive as the department itself. Mr Graham has an opportunity of infusing some much-needed new life and vigor into that branch of the service, and more particularly of rousing it to the need of making better provision for enab ling the colon}* to take advantage of the openings which are now offering for a con siderable expansion of our export trade in station, farm, and dairy produots, if that trade bo systematically organised, con trolled and supervised. "Tho Star" of to-day consists of eight pages. On our third page will be found the continuation of the serial story "The Forge of Lite," the list of entertainments and sports’ meetings for the holidays, and some appropriate Christmas articles. On page 4 the weekly ladies' letter is pub lished, and also an interesting account of a trip to Mount Gambler, South Austra lia, by Mr A. C. Morrison. Page 5 con tains, amongst other matter, a complete story, "Dr Carson's Crime," by Mrs Alan Suttor. On the eixth page a variety of interesting and seasonable reading for children i9 published. In consequence of the holidays, there will bo no publication of " The Ballarat Star" on Tuesday (Boxing Day), nor on Tuesday, 2nd January. "The Star" office will be closed all day on Monday (Christ mas Day), aud on the following Tuesday until 6 o’clock p.xu. The office will also be closed on New Year’s Day. Last night's public meeting for the pur pose of inaugurating a patriotic fund for the wives and children of the soldiers in South Africa was productive of a substan tial guarantee of the practical sympathy of the people of Ballarat, no less than £242 being donated in the room, and while the speeches delivered in support of the fund were temperate in character, they were vigorous enough to indicate that the heart of the public is roused on the war question, and that Ballarat will not be behindhand in affording its help to the cause. A full report of the proceedings will be found elsewhere. Most of the shops in the City and Town were brilliantly lit up last night, and in not a few the employes were busy com pleting the decorations and other prepa rations for the Christmas holidays. This fact, being generally known, attracted a more than usually large crowd into the streets, which was considerably swelled by a number of visitors from all parts of the colony. The various decorations that are completed found many admirers, and the immense displays of all kinds of toys in most of the windows were gazed at with full appreciation, and not a little longing by the youngsters. Yesterday's weather was unpleasantly warm, although the heat was not so in tense as on the 7th inst., when the maxi mum temperature in the shade was 97½ de grees, while yesterday it did not exceed 97. There was a hot north - easterly wind blowing during the day. The Bishop of New Guinea passed through the city yesterday, when the Bishop of Ballarat (Dr Thornton) took the opportunity of inviting several of the clergy to meet his Lordship at Bishops court. The Bishop of New Guinea, in a most interesting and graphic manner, gave an account of the great progress made spiritually and morally in his dio cese through the establishment of the va rious mission schools and churches. After listening with delight to the Bishop's words, it was decided to hold a public meeting on the 5th January, when his Lordship will again be in Ballarat, so that others may have the pleasure of hearing the wonderful story of progressive Chris- linn work. Full particulars of the meet- ing will appear later. The New South Wales team of cricketers (who were victorious in the match against South Australia, and who succeeded in compiling a record score) will to-day com- mence a match against a team represent ing Victoria, at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. As Victoria was also successful in detailing South Australia, the match should provide an interesting contest. Among the numerous attractions in Bal larat for holiday makers, the Town Hall Gardens, Ballarat East, are undoubtedly among the many beauty spots in the dis trict worthy of a visit. Mr J. Edwards, the curator, and his assistants, have every reason to feel gratified at the result of their labors during the spring, for the gardens are now in perfect order, and dis play a large variety of blooms. The ear- pet bedding is just now at its best, and there are a number of early dahlias in flower. In the summer house there is one of the finest collections of pelargoniums in Ballarat, and some splendid fuschia blooms arc coming on. The summer- house will shortly be extended, and will then prove an additional attraction. At the City Court yesterday, before Messrs R. E. Johns, P.M., Coltman, and Thompson, J’s.P., Thomas Mann, who at tempted to commit suicide at Lcurmonth, and who has now recovered, was discharg ed. A lunatic was committed to the asylum, and his relations were ordered to pay 5s per week towards his maintenance. A child, whose mother was mentally weak, was committed to the care of the State. The handicaps for the Ballarat Miners' Turf Club Christmas meeting, to be held on Wednesday next, the day following Boxing Day, appear in our sporting co lumn. This club, rather than oppose old fixtures like Bungaree, Springdallah, and other clubs racing on Boxing Day, gener ously gave up the holiday, and usually race the day following, and as a conse quence, get very few scratchings, and have good fields competing. It also suits book makers and others from Melbourne and elsewhere, as no other meeting is held on that day, Messrs W. Robertson and H. Josephs, J’s.P., presided at the Town Court yester day, when two drunkards were dealt with. One was discharged as a first offender, and the other, named Charles Lambert, was fined 5s, in default two days' imprison ment. In regard to the latter Plainclothes Constable Montague deposed that he had traced a pair of Iady's boots, some dress stuff and selesia, and some stockings to the accused's possession, and the man could not satisfactorily explain how he obtained the articles. He told one person that the goods belonged to his sister, and another that they belonged to his wife, while he informed the witness that he bought a parcel of clothing at a shop in the Town, and took away the wrong parcel. En quiries are being made into the matter. A debt case in which Mr R. J. Gribble ap peared for the complainant, was disposed of, an order being made for the amount claimed. Another debt case was with drawn as settled. About 50 children were yesterday enter tained at the City Botanical Gardens hv Mr and Mrs F. Davies, of the well-known firm of Harry Davies and Co., in honor of the eleventh birthday of their daughter. Ruby Davies. The host and hostess exerted themselves to the utmost to en sure the enjoyment of their little gueats, for whom almost every variety of outdoor game suitable to the season was provided. Cricket, rounders, swinging in the swing boats, and footraces were going merrily all the day, and the happy faces of the young guests proved that they appreciated in the best manner the efforts put forth by their entertainers on their behalf. It was intended to have treated the children to a trip on one of the steamers, but these were all in dock, being prepared for the Christmas holidays. During the after noon the parents of the young guests at tended at the Gardens, watched their off spring enjoying themselves, and partook of the hospitality of Mr and Mrs Davies. At the close of the festivities the young folks gave hearty cheers for their host and hostess. The Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science will hold its next congress in Melbourne on 9th January, and in the programme is included a visit to Ballarat. The members will be received and welcomed by the Mayors of the City and Town, and Professor Mica Smith has arranged with the Water Commission for a visit to the Ballarat Waterworks, and yesterday, at the commission's meeting, the chairman (Mr J. Noble Wilson) was entrusted with the arrangements for se curing the scientific visitors an enjoyable outing. There will be Pontifical High Mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral on Christmas morning,, at 11 o’clock. Weber's Mass in G will be given by the full choir, and a professional orchestra, selected by the or ganist, Mr W. Hautrie West, M.R.C.O. Weber’s florid ” Gloria,” massive ” Credo,” and beautiful ” Agnus Dei ” are especially flue numbers. The "Laudate” will be sung prior to the commencement of the iMas9, and during the offertory the “Adeste Fidelis” will be given bv solo ists and full choir. Mr S. Wrigley will conduct. The orchestra will play Haydn’s Adagio and Allegro from the 7th Sym phony as a concluding voluntary. Yesterday, at the close of the City Court proceedings, Mr Morrow, on behalf of the legal profession, tendered the bench tho compliments of the season, and ex pressed the hone that the members there of would comeback rejuvenated after their holiday. Sergeant Biggs, on behalf of the police, added his good wishes to these of Mr Morrow, and Mr R. E. Johns, P.M., speaking for the bench, heartily recipro cated the compliments. Tho Soldiers Tlill Brass Band will play the following programme of music on the balcony adjoining Messrs Tunbridge and Sons this evening, commencing at 8 o’clock. The programme will include a set of Cornish carols, arranged for the band by W. H. Williams, Ballarat. The band will also serenade their office-bearers with carols on Christmas Eve: Quick march. Ready for Action (T. E. Bulch); valse, E-tella (J. Freestone); euphonium solo, Mystic Chime (Round); schottische. Our Nellie (J. Freestone); quadrille, Theodora (Round); overture, Battle of Hugemont (Battaman); quick step, For ward (T. E. Bulch); set Cornish carols— Hark the nerald Angels Sing, While Shep herd’s Watch, Infant King, Star of Bethle hem, The Lord is Come. Angels from the Realms (arranged by W. H. Williams; quick step, Flora Bell (T. E. Bulch); God Save the Queen. The Bishop of Ballarat (Dr Moore) has given instructions for the erection of the new hall in Dawson Street. The present contract is £3000. His Lordship men tioned some time ago at the anniversary banquet of the Catholic Young Men’s Society that he had already in hand £9000. This sum has since been augmented by the munificent donation of £500 from Mr James Coghlan, K.S.G. Tenders are to be called, and the work will be commenced without delay. Prout’s Brass Band will play the follow ing programme of music in the rotunda opposite ” The Star” office to- night, com mencing at 7.30.-March, The Durham’s, Douglas; waltz. Prince Arthur, Butland; selection, by request, Falka, Chassaigne; polka, cornet solo. Rippling Rill, Newton; selection, Puritani. Bellini; quadrille. Cheddar Val'.oy, Webb; waltz, Neapoli- Karl Kaps; march. Soldiers in the Park, C. Burrow; God save the Queen. The first diploma for Victoria awarded by tho Associated Board of the Royal Academy of Music and the Royal College of Music to a teacher of Music, has just been received by Mr Walter Gude. The diploma certifies that Mr Gude has passed the required examination as an executant cn the violin; that he is proficient in the higher branches of harmony, musical lonn, and analysis; and that, huring pass ed a searching viva voce examination in principles and art of teaching the violin, he is formally recognised by the Royal Academy of Music as one of its teachers. Mr W. Gude was prepared for the exami nation in harmony, musical form, and analysis by Mr Geo. H. Scarse. We are informed that the dispute be tween the Creswickshire Council and Messrs Jenkins Bros., of Ballarat and Clunes, contractors, as to the contract for the Wheeler's Bridge, has been amicably settled. Next Wednesday evening the Rev. J. Naim, pastor of Services for the People, will deliver another of his popular lec tures. The one chosen is suitable for Christmas, being Dickens’ Christmas Ca rols, introducing Marley’s Ghost. The lecture will be illustrated by powerful limelight views, and will be given in the Mechanics' Institute. Among the many fine hotels in Ballarat to which a large amount of attention will undoubtedly be directed during the holi day season by numerous pleasure- seekers from various parts of the colony, the es tablishment of Mr L. Phillips at the cor ner of Sturt and Albert streets is likely to become exceedingly popular. Under the able management of Mr Phillips this hostelry has become well known for com fort, convenience, and excellent catering, and to meet the special demands during the Christmas season the building has been thoroughly renovated, and to a large extent re-furnished. The spacious dining room has been re-papered and painted, and also re-arranged, the two long tables being replaced by a number of small ones, and the room is now able to comfortably accommodate over fifty persons. All the passages, and the numerous sitting-rooms have also been re papered, and given a most bright and clean ance. Visitors to Ballarat are likely to be well pleased with the attention and ac commodation to be found at this well-ap pointed house. What might have proved a serious fire occurred on Thursday night, between 8 and 9 o'clock, at the residence of Mr T. Rooney, caretaker of the southern section of the Botanical Gardens. One of his children, about eight years pf age, went into the front room iwiih a lighted candle, and, it is supposed, unknown to the youngster, the wind blew one of the cur- tains against the candle. However it oc- curred, very soon afterwards the room was found to be in flames. Mr Rooney, as is his custom in the summer months, was in the Gardens attending to the watering of the plants, but fortunately the screams of the children attracted the attention of three gentlemen who were passing, and they, assisted by Mr Rooney's brother, who was on the premises, beat out the fire, though not before four curtains, a lounge, and other furniture bad been burnt, while a valuable bookcase and other por tions of the furniture were considerably damaged. The house, which belongs to the City Council, is lightly insured, as is the furniture, though for what amounts we wero unable to learn. Whilst tho tiro ! was in progress, ope of the children, who I had been sleeping in an adjoining room, in rrsponso to a call from a sister, rushed through tho burning room, urn! fortunate- Ily escaped unhurt. Hail the fire broken out in the back portion of the house, whero the partitions are of canvas nnd I paper, nothing could have saved the wholo from destruction. As it wrs, but for tho valuable assistance of the three gentle • men referred to. the whole of the house ; and contents would probably have been j consumed. ■ The members of the Ballarat Battalion last night received their half - yearly pay | ; at tho Orderly Boom. 0 The total amount j due to the battalion was £1222 15s -id. I | A welcome present to a friend at Christ i nuts time, as a reminder of the festive ; season and an evidence of kindly feeling, ;is a photograph. Meassrs Johnson nnd Co’a. studio, in Sturt street, is well worth ; a visit, und the work done cannot fail to ; meet with appreciation. The members of I tho firm are making a specialty of framing all Christmas pictures from the illustrated ! papers, and have an extensive stock of mouldings from which to select the t frames. They claim to produce "the very \ latest descriptions of photography in all modern processes." j Accident cases as follow were treated at tho Hospital yesterday:—Charles Cates. | a hoy, living at Alfredton, contused fin ger. which was jammed whilst he w«9 1 cleaning hoots. David Chisholm, a young 1 man, living at Mount Blowhard, incised i wound of hand, which was caught in a j reaping -and binding machine. Edward Coif, 11 years of age, living in Dovoton street, incised wound of finger, inflicted by j a piece of tin ho was using. * -Mr George Lovitt is still interesting himself on behalf of the tobacco fund for the old folks at the Benevolent Asvlum, , and hopes to be able to secure a larger ' supply than usual this year. He yester day received a donation of as towards the fund from Mr Snowball, the well-known J : veterinary surgeon, who was attached to j the lath Hussars in IS 17. and to the Scots > Greys in 1857. ! Arrangements of a very complete charac : ter have been made for the holding of the : Ballarat Battalion Military Tournament at the Show Yards on Boxing Day, and for the popular concert in the evening at ; tho Alfred Hall. Included in the tourna i ment programme is a display of he.io ' graphic and flag signalling, when mes sages will be sent to and fro between the j yards and the summit of Black Hill. The annual festival of the Chinese in ! celebration of the advent of the Just season j of the rear was held in the Chinese quar ; ter of ‘Ballarat East last night, and was ; made the occasion for considerable feast • ing and merry-making. Yesterday Mr Johns, P.M., granted temporary licenses to the following:—R. Chinnery for the bicycle sports at the Eastern Oval on Christmas Day, the Bun garee ‘Races, on Boxing Day, the Miners' Races on the 27th. and Lal Lal on New Year's Day; Elizabeth T. Rennie, for the Mount Clear sports on Christmas Day; Albert W. Gleeson. for the Learmonth Races on Boxing Day; Thomas Hogan, for the Buninyong Races on 29th inst.; and Francis Moran, for the Ararat Races on New Year’s Day. The State schools in and around Balla rat broke up yesterday for the Christmas holidays. In most cases the event was celebrated by a little singing and reciting by the elder pupils, and the distribution of Christimas cards and other gifts to the younger ones. These arrangements were in the hands of the senior pupils and ju nior teachers. Mrs Chinnery, wife of the genial host of the Devon and Cornwall hotel, was the victim of a painful accident yesterday. Whilst descending the cellar she slipped and fell, striking her head heavily against a stone, and inflicting a wound which ne cessitated medical attention. Fortunately sscrious results are not anticipated. Thomas Murphy, the lad who was so severely hurt by falling down a shaft at Corindhap on Tuesday, is progressing sa tisfactorily at the Ballarat Hospital. Tho fortnightly meeting of the Ballarat Trades and* Labor Council was held last night at the Trades' Hall. Caiup street. Tho business was principally of a routine character. Messrs R. Young and T. Richards were received and welcomed to tho council us representatives of the Boot makers' Union. A tastefully executed Christmas and New Year card was re ceived from the Amalgamated Miners’ Association. It was decided to hold the first meeting of the Eight Hours' celebra tion committee of 1900 on the 8th January. Bulch’s Model Band will play a select programme of music on the balcony of the Southern Cross hotel, Sturt street, to night, commencing at quarter to 8 sharp. A very handsome and thoughtful Christ mas gift has been presented to the Orphan age by Mr and Mrs W, C. Wilson, of the University College, who last evening for warded a beautiful child’s cot mattress, pair of pillows, and blanket. This is the first donation of the kind which has been received at the Ballarat Orphan Asylum. A young man named Harry Bennett, aged 21 years, was given in charge to Con stable Hayes, at the Grapes hotel, Grant street, last night, for alleged insulting be havior. At the recent annual examination (De cember), Melbourne University, Master J. E. Tracy Date, eldest son of Mr E. P. Date of this city, passed in the following sub jects at the 1st years Arts course, viz., Greek, part 1; Latin, part 1; English, part 1. Master Tracy Date was prepared for this examination ny his father. From W. C. Kingsbury and Co., florists, of Armstrong street, we have received a handsomely bound desk diary and blotting hook, the cover of which is embellished with floral pictures. Santa Claus will appear at intervals in thw corner window at Harry Davies and Co's, during this afternoon and evening. 