LENTEN PASTORALS. DIOCESE OF BALLAKAT. The following is the Bishop's Pastoral, which was read out iu the Cathedral and nil the churches of the diocese on last Sunday :— JAMES, jty the Grace of God aud favour of the Holy Apostolic See, BISHOP OF BAiLLAKAT, To the Beloved Clergy and Laity of the Diocese of Ballarat : fiealth and Benediction iu Christ Jesus. Keverend and Dear Brethren,— The Church, faithful to lu-r divine mission, uevpr ceases to iiu-ulcsite the eternal truths on her children, especially that one great truth, to which others must lie subordinate, the paramount importance of our eternal salvation. She is ever repeating, that -while this life is transient, the next is everlasting, that while time must end. eternity must begin, and that, therefore, of the many things that interest us and are relatively necessary, hut one is Absolutely necessary, to save our immortal souls. She is ever impressing on us that there is something above worldly interests, something that the world cannot give, that this earth, though our pilgrimage, is not our home, that, though vice may everywhere abound, virtue must be our 'aim, that poverty, sickness and such-like are not evils, that sin is the only evil, and that there is but one path lending to heaven, the pat'h or suffering and mortification. With her. our holy Mother, the Church, sets aside the season of Lent, withdraws us for a moment from the turmoil of the -world, aud bids us devote ourselves now in an especial manner to prayer and penance. The joyful festival of Christmas is past, the sombre season of Lent is come, a new page in the ritual of the Church opens, her •white and golden vestments are exchanged for others of a purple hue, the tone of her cihants no longer festive, becomes plaintive, her altars are stripped of their ornaments, iher pictures draped in mourning, and everything, in fine, bespeaks a time of penance and mortification. Lent is pre-eminently the season of fast aud abstinence. Cast a glance o'er the pages of sacred history, and you find that fast and abstinence were practised by the servants of God in the Old as well as the Now Testament. Abstinence from the fruit of the tree of knowledge was enjoined on our first parents in the earthly paradise ; Noah, on leaving the ark, •was permitted to eat animal food, but forbidden flesh with blood; the Israelites were bidden abstain from leav- ened bread during the eight days of the solemnity of the Passover ; the Mosaic law commands the people abstain from certain kinds of animal food, and proclaims that the eating thereof would " defile their souls and render them unclean " (Levit. xi., 48) ; Moses, David and Elias practised the most rigorous fasts ; aud rather than violate the law. of abstaining from unclean meats, the mother of the Machabees and her seven sons suffered a cruel death. (2 Macb. viL) In the New Testament, fasting and abstinence are not less authorised. Our Lord Himself abstains from food for forty days and forty nights, and lays down rules for fasting (Matt, vi., 17); He praises St. John the Baptist for fasting, and foretells that His Apostles and Disciples will fast, wlien " the bridegroom is taken from them," that is after His Ascension (Matt, ix., 15); and the Acts of "» Apostles (xiii., xiv., xv.) furnish ,s with abundant proof that this pr ictiou -was fulfilled. In regard to the Lenten fast in par ticular, we know from the Fathers of the Church that it comes down to us from the Apostolic tradition. Suffice it to quote St. Jerome : " We fast during Lent by Apostolic tradition, the whole world agreeing with us therein.'' (Ep. xxvii., ad. Marcellam). Our Divine Saviour came into the world not only to give His blood for *>ur ransom, but His life for our model, not only to teach us the way of truth aud salvation, but in Himself to exemplify every virtue we stand in need of ; and so, as we read in the Gospel. He retired into a desert near the Itiver Jordan, and there, His life miraculously supported, passed forty days and forty nights without food. In imitation thereof was the fortv days' fast of Lent instituted. But'apart from tfhis, two cogent reasons seem to have influenced the Church in the institution of this holy season. The first is, to enable us to fulfil the law of penance. This law is universal, and binds us as men, for just as we all are children of Adam and heirs to his sin. so are we all heirs to his punishment. But far more does it oblige us as Christians. Our Ijord expressly declares : "Except vou do penance, you shall all likewise perish." (Luke xiii., 5.) He has indeed paid the pi'ice of our redemption and superabundantly atoned for our sins, but to be of avail, we must on our part co-operate and supply in ourselves, as St. Paul says, what is wanting to the application of the fruits of the Passion ; the sacrifice of Calvary is indeed complete in all that regards the person and merits of the Victim, but to avail each one in particular it must by him be personally applied ; in short, redemption and satisfaction are necessary, but do not suffice, co-oi»erntion must be added thereto. Now, Our Lord further declares (Matt, x., 3(i) that a man's worst enemies are his own domestics—that is, bis own self, bis own corrupt nature and depraved inclinations. Other enemies we may shun, from the devil we may fly. the allurements of the world we "may despise, but rebellious flesh is ever w'itih us, from self we cannot escape. Unless, then, we would be overcome, we must wage a continual war with ourselves, for either flesh will conquer us, or we will conquer flesh—there is no alternative. This is the very kernel of the system of Christian morality, which teaches as its most fundamental truth that virtue is to be acquired by dying to ourselves and mortifying our rebellious passions. Hence the first condition of a Disciple of Jesus is to take up the Cross and follow Him—that is, as St. Augustine says, to lead a mortified and penitential life; and hence does he declare, "that he who hates his soul in this world will save it in the next." This he illustrates by the grain of wheat, wihich must first perish in the ground before it can bear fruit: so, too. if we would bring forth fruit to life eternal, must we die to ourselves by self-denial and mortification. On no point is Holy Scripture more emphatic, declaring at one time that, " if we live according to the flesh we shall die, but if by the spirit we mortify the deeds of the flesh, we shall live," and at another, that " the Kingdom of Heaven suffers violence," that is, must be won by a holy violence to ourselves, to our own corrupt nature ; and the oft-repeated exhortation of St. Paul to the early Christians was " to chastise their bodies and to bear always in themselves a resemblance to LADIES should use QUIBELL'S Toilet Soap for their delicate complexions. It is also the best for children's delicate skins. 6d. per tablet. Sold everywhere. Depot, 526 Collinsstreet, Melbourne. the mortification of Jesus Christ. And it needs but small knowledge of human nature to convince us of the necessity of this law of penance. For, as the Prophet Isaias says, mans heart is like unto a tempestuous sea, agitated <bv the waves of his passions, which, unless they be c-atoed by selfdenial and mortification will inevitably dash the ship of his soul against the' rocks of eternal perdition. And experience teaches that tflie passions are ever fermenting, that unless bridled and cheeked by penance, they become ungovernable, that unless they be made our slaves, they become our masters. This, then, is the rule of the Gospel, binding indiscriminately all Christians of whatever rank, state, or condition, the sovereign on 'this throne as well as the beggar by the wayside, the rich as well as the poor, the' young as well as the old. An erroneous conscience may delude us, specious arguments may pander to outself-love. but the law of penance stands out in bold relief, and not by one jot is its force thereby diminished. Human nature, however, is weak, religious indifference is rampant, aud so the Church. kind mother as she is, comes to the rescue of her children, encloses them in a circle of forty days, •bids them remain therein till they have satisfied the precept of penance and determines a most suitable manner thereof, that is. iby fast and abstinence. But, though this exterior mortification is. at this holy season especially, inculcated as a powerful means'of subduing the passions, and, therefore, obliges those who are able for it. the interior mortification is far more meritorious, far more necessary, admits of no dispensation, and obliges all alike. God requires to be worshipped in spirit and in truth, and the interior and exterior woKship must go hand in hand. Fasts and vigils, the most rigorous, avail little, unless accompanied by the inward mortification of the spirit; they are seed thrown on a barren soil, and can bear r.o fruit. Witness the proof of this in the Jews, whose sacrifices, as Isaias tells us (lviii., 3-4) were rejected by God. because of their unmortified spirit ; aud in the Pharisees, whose long fastings were without merit because of tbe'ir hidden pride and hypocrisy. Now a second reason which would seem to have influenced the Church in the institution of Lent is to make us meditate on the sufferings of Our Saviour. There is nothing in religion more worthy of our consideration than His Passion, nothing more capable of inflaming our hearts witih the love of God, and of exciting in us a detestation of sin, the unhappy cause of His sufferings. If there is one theme more than another that should engage our attention, it is surely this ; if there is one subject that should command our hearts aud our tears, it is this. That heart is indeed hard, that, soul insensible, that mind inflexible, that will not be moved at the sight of the tragedy on Calvary. Behold here iu the Cross the true source of our tears, that flow from the eyes but are the outpour of a loving heart, that, tHiough in themselves bitter, are in the Cross made sweet, and that purify our souls and transform us into new men. 'The Cross is indeed the Christian's book, and its blood-stained pages are opened to all by Holy Church especially at this holy season, to remind her Children of the work of Redemption, and of the great price at which they have been bought. Of this, her rites aud ceremonies at this time are all significant, more strikingly so they become as Lent, draws to its close, and in the last days of Holy Week, the tragedy of Calvary is vividly portrayed, aud the stripped al- tars and empty tabernacles distract our eye from everything but the Cross unveiled, which the Church calls on us to recognise as the standard of a glorious victory over the powers of darkness and to adore as our one, great aud only hope. In the spirit, then, of Holy Church we exhort you sanctify the holy season ©f Lent by a salutary penance aud a devout meditation on tlhe sufferings of your Saviour. In the language of the prophet, " Be converted with all your heart in fasting, and in weeping, and in mourning. Bend your 'hearts and not your garments, and turn to the Lord your God, for He is gracious and merciful, patient and rich iu mercy, and ready to repent of the evil." (Joel ii., 12t13.) In mercy this holy time has been given you. It is one of the countless graces God is ever showering upon you, but it may be the last Lent many of you will live to see. Wherefore, we earnestly exhort you with the Apostle, " that you receive not the grace of God in vain," for " behold now is the acceptable time, now is the day of salvation." (2 Cor. vi., 1-2.) Do not convert these days of mercy,grace, and salvation intodays of wrath, sin, and perdition ; do not make this holy time given you to appease the anger of God serve only to provoke Him the more, but during it, live soberly, justly, and piously. In silence and Qrumiliation, with prayer and fasting, the pleasures of sense •laid aside, the cares of life forgotten, go in spirit to Calvary aud there bewail the sins that caused your Redeemer to suffer so ignominious a death. Hearken to the invitation of the Gospel of this Sunday : " Behold we go up to Jerusalem and all things that are written by the prophets concerning t;ie Sou of Man shall be accomplished.' ami in the spirit and language of the blind man, cry out: •' Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on me." (Luke xviii., 38.) Respond to the maternal voice of the Church, unite yourselves daily with her at the foot of the Cross, contemplate the wounds of the Divine Victim, aud try and realise " what is the breadth, and length, and height, and depth " of the love that Christ lias shown you in the consummation of that great sacrifice. Let your fasts be performed in union with the forty days' fast of your Divine Saviour, and if accompanied by prayer and good works, they must needs be acceptable to God at this (holy season, when the great body of the faithful throughout the world are united by a general penance iu calling to Heaven for mercy and pardon. We would remind you, the pastors of our diocese, that the Church expects from you at this time a more frequent preaching of the Word of God. The Council of Trent (c. 4, sess. 8) calls upon those iu charge of parochial churches to preach " during the season of the fasts of Lent and Advent on at least three days of the week." You will, therefore, hold the usual evening devotions, at which you will not fail to give your flock a short instruction. In the language of the Apostle : " Preach the word., be instant in season, out of season, reprove, entreat, rebuke, in all patience and doctrine." (2 Tim. iv., 2.) We would strongly recommend to you that admirable devotion of the Stations of the Cross on the Fridays of Lent. In fine, we exhort you all spend this holy quarantine with fervour and de- Some new and very beautiful models in religious statuary have just been completed by Messrs. Pellegrini and Go., Elizabeth-street, opposite St. Francis'. One of the most striking figures is that of St. Anthony of Padua, which has been greatly admired, and several orders for which have already been executed.—[Advt.] votion, and thus prepare yourselves for the wortTly celebration of the great solemnity of Easter, so that, though dust returning to dust and doomed to the corruption of the tomb, you may one day rise therefrom to partake of the fruits of the glorious resurrection of your Divine Saviour. Before concluding we would take occasion to briefly refer to our visit to the " tom'bs of the Apostles,"' which we were privileged to make during the past year. We had the happiness of seeing the Holy Father, and furnished him with the relatio or statement of our diocese. Though nearing his ninetieth year, we could detect little change in him since we last saw him, and his eye is as keen, his mind as vigorous as ever. The same marked interest 'he displayed in your spiritual welfare, and listening to the many consoling things we were able to recount him, nothing gave him more pleasure than to hear of the heroic sacrifices you have made, and are still making, "to support your Catholic schools. We presented him with your offering of £020 as Peter's Tence, and he was deeply touched at your generosity, and at this fresh token, as strong as it is gratifying, of your loyalty to the See of re tor. It was a practical expression of that love with which, as the Vicar of Christ, he is everywhere throughout the Catholic world regarded. He remains, i< is true, a prisoner in file Vatican, but persecution serves only to endear him the more in the hearts of his faithful children. Leo XIII. may not live to witness the ultimate triumph of Ihe See he so noldy fills, but we need not fear. ' The past is the best assurance for the future. History repents itself. An unjust and sacrilegious invasion may despoil the rontiff of 3iis do'ininious, but the cause of truth and justice must eventually triumph ; the bark of Peter may die rudely shaken, but she will not be submerged : persecution and calumny may do their best, but amid the ruins of her oppressors, the Papacy will rise triumphant. ••! After leaving Rome, we journeyed to Ireland, where we made ample provision for the spiritual wants of our diocese. Eight young priests have already come To minister among you ; year by year, others will follow according as required, and in t)h 3 near future religious communities will add to the teaching-staff of the diocese. The position of the Irish people, we Are glad to say, is much improved. Though sad, indeed, has been its long preface, their history is now beginning ; though grievances there are still, the clouds are gradually bursting from over our devoted race, and the dawn of brighter days is near at hand. Returning to Australia, we satisfied a. long-cherished desire of visiting the great home of the Irish emigrant, the all-powerful Republic of the West. There Ave had much to see, much to learn, but nothing gave us greater pleasure than to notice the far-reacliing influence of the Church and her firm hold on the affections of the American people. Their vast continent is dotted over with Catholic churcliesand schools, furnishing a proof as gratifying as it is practical of their love for our holy faith. In the matter of education they suffer from the same grievance as the Catholics of this colony, and independent of State have ibuilt' their own schools. Experience has taught them the unhappy consequences that result from an education wherein religion plays no part. The perfection of knowledge is the union of religion and science, one reflecting light upon and facilitating the acquisition of the other, and botu producing not only learned hut also good Christian men. But. the divorce between secular and religious education, apart from being detrimental to the faith and morals of the individual, is fraught with danger to society at large, for religion is the indispensable supplement to law and order. Witness a proof of this in the History of the French Revolution. Hence the Arm stand of the Catholics of the United States, who. rather than frequent the godless schools of the State, have, at great cost, built their own, where religion and science go hand in hand, with the result that, in every walk of life, in every field of noble enterprise, in poetry as in prose, in politics as in journalism, in public as in private, Catholics are found more than holding their own. The Catholics of this eolouy have taken up a similar stand, and may hope to reap similar fruits. The efficiency of the schools of our diocese is more encouraging than ever, anil the average percentage of 87.0, as given by the inspector, is even higher than iu previous years. In conclusion, then, mindful' of the words of Proverbs (xxii. (i) " a young man according to his way. even when he is old, he will not depart from ir." and that, therefore, the salvation of the yoliu'g committed to your care depends in great measure on the early impressions made on their tender minds. ,w? earnestly exhort you continue tlre : zeal you have always displayed in'..the Catholic education of your children. We would remind you to pray for the welfare of Holy Church and for the happiness of the Supreme Pontiff tli/»t God may give him strength tc .steer the bark of Peter amid the-"storms that threaten her, and enable him to guide her o'er the waves of persecution to the haven of triumph and truth. May the peace and blessing of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. JAMES, Bishop of Ballarat. St. Patrick's Cathedral. Sexagesimal Sunday, 1899. REGULATIONS FOB LENT, 1899. Whilst the law of the Lenten Fast continues in full force, which allows only one meal each day. to which a collation (from general usage) may be lawfully added, we, at the same time, by virtue of powers received from the Holy See, allow the use'of flesh meat at the one meal only on all days of the •week, .exicept Wednesdays ami Fridays, Saturday of Quarter Tense (25th February!, and Monday of Holy Week. Flash meat is allowed at dinner on Holy Saturday. There is no restriction on the use of flesh meat on Sundays. The use of lard and dripping is allowed on all days during Lent, except Ash Wednesday and Good Friday, also on all other fast days and days of abstinence during the year. Fish and flesh cannot be used at the same imeai. Tk« Urges* G«ntlemen'« Outfitting Establishment (a Melbourne Is that of Messrs. Lincoln, Stuart and Oo.'s, Limited, Flinders-street. They make np a really good suit from £2 2s. Their stock of Boys' Clothing, Hen's Mercery, Shirts, Hosiery, Boots, eto„ b the cheapest In Melbourne. Every article is sold at genuine wholesale prices. Patterns and self- Measurement Instructions forwarded past free o» ipplfoatlM. On Wedinesdays and Fridays, the Saturday of Quarter Tense, and Monday of Holy Week, eggs, butter, cheese, and milk are allowed at the one meal, and, in general, they may he used at whatever meal flesh meat is permitted. The use of 'milk is not allowed on Ash Wednesday or Good Friday. A little butter may be used whenever, according to custom, a. slight refreshment is allowed, as at the collation, except on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. 5 Persons under twenty-one years of age, though not bound to fast, are obliged to abstain. Those who are advanced in age, or engaged in hard labour, are likewise not bound by the law of fasting. In doubtful cases of exemption, arising from some infirmity or other cause, dispensation may be granted by any clergyman exercising faculties in the diocese. No dispensation, however, is valid without a just cause. The faithful are obliged to receive Holy Communion during Paschal time, which commences on Ash Wednesday and terminates 011 the Octave Day of SS. Peter and Paul. The pastors of each mission should enjoin the faithful to assist at the daily Mass during this holy season. Devotions with Rosary and Lecture every evening during Lent, and on Tuesday and Thursday evenings Benediction of the most Blessed Sacrament. The hours for confessions should also be published. The Office of Holy Week will take place in the principal church of each mission, and no clergyman can be alvsent from his mission during that week without the permission of the Bishop. The devotions of Ihe months of May and October are to he observed in all Ihe principal churches of eacii mission of the diocese the sa'me as during Lent. JAMES, Bishop of Ballarat. DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. The following Pastoral Letter of the Most Rev. Martin Crane, O.S.A.. Bishop of Sandhurst, was read last Sunday in the pro-Cathedral and iu all the churches of the diocese :— MARTIN, By the Grace of God and the Favour of the Apostolic See, BISHOP OF SANDHURST. To the Clergy (Secular and Regular'* and the Faithful of the Diocese of Sandhurst. " Let us make man to our own image and likeness."—Gen. I.. 2(5. These words reveal the secret, of man's dignity and greatness. The noble faculties with which his soul is furnished entitle him to take a place above the other works of creation, and to be reckoned little less than the angels. To develop, to draw forth, so to speak, these faculties, which are buried in the depths of the child's nature, is the aim and end of education. The teacher, iu carrying out his responsible duties, may be said to co-operate with God iu bringing the child nearer to its divine Model. He should, on this account, be filled with respect for his work, and be impressed with a thorough sense of the importance of all its details. You have often, dearly beloved, been told in what edu- cation—in the true sense of the word —consists, that, whilst the child's intellect is beiug trained, the will and heart must not be overlooked ; in other words, education, to> meet hunjan requirements. must have religion as its groundwork. My task, however, is not to treat of the child's school days, but rather to point out the large parr, for good or evil, that the home exercises 011 his after life. In reality do Ave not too often see young persons, brought up in the best schools, turn their backs on the practice of virtue and become a source of anxiety and sorrow to their parents V Sometimes the schools and teachers are blamed, but may we not look elsewhere for the cause ? Parents are not always blameless iu this respect. In their libraries, -within reach of their children, are to be found bad books, the silent counsellors of vice; in their rooms are to be seen pictures, engravings, and statues that shock modesty ; amongst their visitors are some who should not be admitted to the family circle ; iu a word the atmosphere of the home is neither healthy nor pure. The sons and daughters, hitherto accustomed to the wise discipline of the school, feel inclined to take full advantage of the liberty they now enjoy. They are anxious to read, but what is the character of the literature in which they indulge ? Alas, their choice falls 011 the work of fiction, which, by its bold and novel theories, has created the latest sensation. In many instances these works are written by men of ability, whose one idea is to corrupt the hearts of their readers, to undermine faith and destroy piety and devotion. Witli this object, ill view, they paint virtue in hideous and repulsive colours: whilst vice, the source of unalloyed happiness ! is represented in the most attractive and seductive form. The doctrine is laid down that men are justified in following the suggestions of corrupt nnture. and that sins against the most estimable virtue are but a pardonable weakness. Religion. which places a restraint 011 the passious. is viewed in the light of an antiquated superstition, the outcome of ignorance and prejudice ; the most sncred truths and the most sublime mysteries, which we have been taught to respect from our childhood, are held up to ridicule and scorn. Works of ihis kind prepared the way for the many heresies that afflicted theClnnvh, and for the social upheavals in which thrones and dynasties were swallowed np. From the earliest times the faithful •were warned against the evil effects of bad literature. Through the preaching of St. Paul, the Ephesians. as we read in the 19th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, brought their bad books and burnt them before all in the public square of the city. " And many of those who had followed curious things brought their books and burnt them before all." The same great Apostle points out to Timothy the danger of following vain and novel teachings— " O Timothy, keep that which, is com- • m it ted to thy trust, avoiding the pro- fane novelties of words and oppositions of knowledge so called."—I. Tim., <5-20. The Fathers of the Church have left us, in their works, many proofs of the horror they entertained for bad books. St. Isidore says that " to read books subversive of religion is as bad as to offer incense to the devil." " Let not," says Origen, "the brilliancy of the work deceive you, nor the beauty of the language allure." St. Augustine, in reply to those who said they read immoral 'books to acquire a good style, said—" By means of immoral matter nice language is not acquired, but by means of nice language immorality is learned ; I do not accuse the language, but the intoxicating wine of error that we drink in from it." Finally, Tertullian gives expression to this remark- Able sentence—" No one can be improved by what injures him : no one enlightened by what, blinds him." If the Apostles and Fathers had not spoken on this subject, our own sad experience would urge us to caution our flocks against what may be' considered the crying evil of the present day. How many young persons are robbed of their innocence ? how many turn their backs on the practices of religion ? how many give up their faith—through the indiscriminate reading of immoral and irreligious books ? Twenty-two years ago. in his Encyclical Qui pluribus, the illustrious Pontiff Pius IX., of happy memory, sounded the note of ahum throughout the Christian world in these memorable words :—"-Among the innumerable evils prevalent in this age there is hardly any which is more deplorable or which does greater damage to the faith and morals of Christians than that noisome plague of books in which sin is taught, and which are circulating in such numbers everywhere. These books are written in a good style, though full of fallacy and artifice they are scattered broadcast at enormous expense, unto the ruin of the Christian people ; they disseminate everywhere their pestiferous doctrines and deprave the mind and heart of those especially who are not on their guard." In our days facilities for procuring these books have been multiplied. They are to be found, at a nominal price, at the railway stations, at our book stores, and at our lending libraries. I admit there are some novels that may be read without much risk ; some -works of fiction that, may provide innocent amusement at a time when we have no serious occupation. The works of such standard authors as Dickens, Thackeray, Scott, and many eminent Catholic writers may be safely put in the hands of discriminating readers. But who can calculate the widespread ravages effected by the cheap colonial reprints of low English novels and the realistic French novels now within the reach of everyone that can read ? The principles laid down in many of these works are hostile to the most sacred institutions of our holy religion, to the sanctity of marriage, the practice of prayer, parental authority and filial piety. The effect of such reading on the youth of our day is well expressed in the reproach of the Prophet Osee to the Jews, 9-10, " They became abominable as the things were which they loved." Parents who allow such pestiferous literature into their houses deserve the reproof of the Psalmist—" They sacrifice their sons and their daughters to devils." (Ps.. 105-37.) A non-Catholic writer, of world-wide literary fame, gives this seasonable advice :-" Keep the modern magazine and novel out of your girls' way !" Parents, in their anxiety to preserve the innocence of their children, should keep a certain class of daily and weekly papers also out of their reach. I do not fear to incur the displeasure of respectable journalists who, jealous of the honour of their noble calling, are among the first to exclude such reading matter from their homes. There is, it must be admitted, a section of the press that, from mercenary or other motives, panders to the depraved tastes of readers to the extent of opening its columns to tales of a questionable moral tone, and to reports of proceedings in some of the law courts, which must have a very unhealthy effect, om youthful minds. Again, there are journals that lay themselves out, whenever occasion offers, to attack the Catholic Church, and show their hatred of her tenets. They presume to explain and set aside dogmas of our faith of which they are completely ignorant. In the prosecution of their self-imposed task, they scatter broadcast oft-refuted calumnies against the Church herself, her doctrines, her ceremonies, and her ministers. It is needless to say that such A. FINE TESTIMONIAL—Rov. Fr. T. Moore, Bishop's Palace, Bcndlgo, etli January, 1897:—" The two pain of glasses which you have provided for mo •nd either of whioh 1 wear confitantlj', have proved a eceat' boon to wr sight. They give me a much better 2aMine, and relieve the vision much more than the mora expensive glasses I was wearing previously. I twi to th»nk you very much (or the treat ironble von look in tasting my sight," Mr. Tcbln fIT Sprluf-strfl et, Melbourne;. papers should not circulate among Catholics, to whose religious convictions they are an avowed insult. In the well-regulated Catholic home every object that meets the eye should tend' to cultivate the mind and elevate the taste. There should be nothing but what is chaste and modest, in every detail, in the paintings and engravings which adorn the walls. In the ages of faith, art was the handmaid of religion, whilst religion helped art by supplying glorious ideals and supernatural motives. Art, on its side, did much for religion, by elevating the human soul towards God, and illustrating the sacred doctrine of revealed truth. Painters and sculptors deemed it an honour and a duty to devote their talents to the advancement of God's interests ; accordingly the works they have left behind them inspire us with feelings of reverence and devotion. In modern times, unfortunately, artists, in many cases, have not proposed to themselves the same lofty standard. and as a consequence we have engravings and statues that are unworthy of a place in the Christian home. Fathers and mothers, naturally jealous of the innocence of their children, will not expose them, in their own houses, to a danger of this kind. Parents who understand their responsibilities will exercise great discernment with regard to the companions with whom their children are allowed to associate. Such companions should be well conducted, having a deep sense of religion, respect, and modesty. Vicious companions wiil soon find a means' of instilling the poison of corruption into innocent minds. It is as true now as in the days of the Apostle that " Evil communications corrupt good manners." H. Cor.. 15. 33.) Much of the sin and misery of the world may be traced to the baneful influence of undesirable acquaintances. It is the duty of those who have charge of children to inquire how they spend their time, the company they keep, the places they frequent. and the amusements in which they take part. If they have reason to believe that their virtue is exposed to danger, they must exercise their parental authority to secure the salvation of their children. Let them recall and apply to themselves the words of the Apostle, " But if any man have not a care of his own, especially those of his house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel." (I. Tim., 5-8.) Through the neglect of precautions such as these, many children, whose education left nothing to be desired, fall away from the path of virtue and become a source of trouble and anxiety to their friends. It is important to remember that the home life and its surroundings have the principal part in the formation of youthful character. During Lent. now at hand, parents should pray fervently that God may pour out His choicest blessings on themselves and their children. They should take part in the special devotions recommended for this holy season, approach the Sacraments, observe the fast and abstinence, and be more generous in complying with the claims of charity. Let them often call to mind the love of the Saviour of the world in dying for our salvation. The devotion of the Rosary supplier an easy means of meditating on tjie" great mysteries of Redemption, /and -should therefore form part" of the [ (daily prayers of the family, ! i The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, ' and thercliaritv of God, and the comnlunieatiojLof the Holy Ghost be with vou all. A'ftien. (JTMARTIS, Bishop of Sandhurst. Given at the Palace, Bendigo, 011 the Feast of the Conversion of fit. Paul, 1899. LENTEN REGULATIONS IN THE DIOCESE OF SANDHURST, 1899. Whilst we grant the usual dispensations in the law of abstinence, Ave beg to remind you that the law of fast shall remain in its full vigour. Wherefore, exercising the powers received from the Holy See, we grant the following dispensations :— 1\. There is neither fast nor abstinence on Sundays. 2\. Meat may be used, but only at the principal meal, by those who are bound to fast on Mondays (except the Monday in Holy Week), Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays (except the Saturday in Ember Week, the 25th of February). 3\. Fish and flesh are not allowed at the same meal, even on Sundays. 4\. Eggs are allowed at the principal meal all days in Lent, Ash Wednesday and Good Friday excepted. 5\. St. Patrick's Day, failing this year 011 Friday, wiil lie a day of abstinence. 0\. The use of lard or dripping is allowed all days in Lent (with the exception of Ash Wednesday and Good Friday), also 011 other days of fast and abstinence dining the year. 7\. Young persons under 21 years, and old persons over 00 years, those who. are seriously unwell, and persons suD,r, ject to hard labour, are exempt from, the general law of fasting. 1 • tfi MARTIN, • Bishop of Sandhurst.' P.S.— 1 There wiil >.'0 a general first Communion Tor the -hiMreit througlir out the diocese 01: the Sunday the most coiiven'out to the pastor of each mission. The annual collection for our Iloly Father Hie Pope shall be made in all the churches of 1.I10 diocese 011 the fiist convenient Sunday after the Fe,'>f-t of SS. Peter and Paul. In all the princi.onl <•nurclies whore possible the .?er.?inor.iies of Holy Week shall be carried out according to the rubrics for small churches. Benediction of the Mosr, Holy Sneminent is allowed at the evening devotions in Lent. M.iy, ami October, according to the circumstances of the place. The clergy shall arrange that .Mass be said each day, and confessions heard at an hour convenient for the people. The complete series of new books for our Catholic schools is now ready. DIOCESE OF SALE. The following is the Bishop's Lenten Pastoral, which was read out in the Cathedral and all the churches of the diocese on last Sunday :— To the Clergy and Faithful of the Diocese of Sale. Dearly Beloved Brethren in Jesus Christ.—Of the evils of the present day there is none to lie more lamented than that spirit of independence which Is being inculcated aud fostered around us. Instead of acknowledging themselves to he the creatures of God, the work of His hands, and the offspring of His power, we find: men coming forward with faithless effrontery, proclaiming that mankind owe nothing to any superior Being, and that they exist by the simple force of nature. Against this wild ami fatal infidelity it is necessary for us to warn you, beloved children in Christ, for the teachers of it are spreading themselves in every direction, and are making their way into every class of society. Beware, therefore, of their insidious words. In them is verified to the letter that /which the Scripture says:—'" The fool liatli said in his heart : there is no God." (Psalm xiii., i.) : or. as St. Paul more fully expresses it when writing to the Romans <1\. 21), tlicy are men who, "when they knew God, have not glorified Him as God, or given thanks ; but became vain in their thoughts, and their foolish ish heart was darkened." One of the 'greatest dangers to faith and morals in this age of universal reading lies in the indiscriminate perusal of papers, magazines, and books. Fiction is the intellectual diet, of three-fourths of the reading world ; and it is no exaggeration to say that not one novel in twenty exercises a beneficial influence on those who breathe its atmosphere of sensationalism, distorted morality, and amorous extravagance. It is a blessing to be appreciated that, of late years, Catholic novelists have begun to furnish an antidote to the poison of pernicious sensational fiction ; and it is assuredly a good work for both Church and State to encourage the production of sane and clean stories, capable of replacing in the affections of young and old volumes that delight the imagination at the cost of sullying the mind and unhealthily impressing the heart. But Catholic novels as yet are comparatively few, as are also the perfectly unobjectionable novels of non- Catholic authors ; and were they tenfold as numerous as they are, it must ibe confessed that appetites that have been vitiated by the highly-seasoned pages of the typical nineteenth- century story can hardly be brought to relish the less spicy nutriment of novels that are really good. The most potent forces that tend for the corruption of society, that milltale against the temporal as well as the spiritual welfare of the people, are in operation everywhere. Prominent among these is the irreligious and vicious press. It nullifies the teaching of religious guides, counteracts the work of churches, and destroys the influence of Christian homes. The empire of Satan is being extended, and the foundations of the nation are being undermined. " If the family be corrupted, if the young be tainted, over the doors of the government is written the prophecy of its speedy fall. And it ought to fall!" declares an eminent American jurist. Like poisonous insects that fly through the windows, like slimy serpents that enter under doors, all ,forms of vile literature find secret ways to the hands of children. Vile circulars are dropped in railway carriages and on the pavement over which boys and girls walk to school; indecent and immoral pictures flaunt their stories of evil in children's faces from shop windows ; the mail is used to carry corruption to young people in their homes; blasphemous pamphlets are freely circulated. It is amazing that parents, teachers, and all guardians of youth are not more vigilant. An evil so great should be generally recognised, and public sentiment should, be roused against the horrible iniquity of publishing and selling immoral literature. "When the Turk had extended his sway to the gates of Vienna, all Europe took the alarm, and it was realised that a supreme effort must be made to arrest the onslaught and save Christian civilisation. But an enemy more insidious than the Moslem, with a power for evil immeasurably greater, is already undermining society and menacing good government. There Is need of a new crusade against insidious and secret foes to moral purity, In order that the youth of to-day, who must 'become the men and women of .to-morrow, may be protected from what wrecks .moral and physical health, and brings dishonour, decay, and death. Seeds of impiety and sensuality inevitably develop growth, and such seeds are being sown broadcast over the land. The fruit is sure destruction. One can never cease to wonder at the inconsistency of parents who though perhaps careful enough about the company their children keep, am utterly careless as to what their children read. Can it 'be possible that there Is anyone so inexperienced as not to know that vile and degrading experiences must infallibly contaminate the mind and sully the heart ? On the subject of pernicious reading, a thoughtful writer says : " Is there any good, reason why one should not be as •fastidious about the company he keeps in books as in real life V Why, then, should one associate with an inlrW gotten .hero beyond the page where his communications are such as would not be tolerated in select circles in real life ? But, with the strange inconsistency of mortals, characters who, in flesh and blood, would be ejected from a respectable house, by primitive methods, when typographically incarnated, are coddled in ladies' boudoirs in thousands of homes, and allowed to associate with the younger members of the household. We should indignantly resent the audacity of otie who came into o our walls pictures that filled us with loathing. But ithe offence of the mor-; Ibid realist who hangs repulsive pictures in the mind is far greater; for these cannot be taken down, and scarcely unay be veiled by the .merciful years." Who can deny that the authors of these books are greater enemies and more fatal to virtue and religion than those who openly attack both ? They elevate vice, ridicule virtue, gild villainy, depreciate morality, scoff at parental authority, filial obedience, and the most sacred ties of domestic life, and all this under so captivating a garb, so insinuatiing a style, that the reader smiles, and thus (seemingly) approves, even when liis sense of rectitude is shocked! In such books we find the most extrava gant vices dressed in a,n attractive garb, and excused as human weakness, satire and ridicule pointed at truth, honest poverty a crime, luxury and ill-gotten wealth a paramount virtue. If to be a corrupter of innocence be necessary to improve the literature of the age, learning Is a curse, and worse than folly, nay, wicked, to be wise ! To the objections with which the scepticism of Voltaire has filled thousands of volumes, that are now read only among the lowest persons, says Martinet, Voltaire himself furnishes the only answer they deserve. "Take from these numerous volumes," said he, " an enormous mass of abominations, what would remain ? and take, moreover, from what remains the objections of ignorance and infidelity, there will remain nothing." Attend to the admonition of the Apostle, St. Paul :—" (Be not seduced ; evil communications corrupt good manners." (1. Cor., xv., 33.) If you are bound by every principle of your holy religion to avoid bad company,' you are equally bound to avoid bad books ; for of all evil, corrupting company, the worst is a bad book. There, can be no doubt that the most pernicious Influences at work in the world at this moment come from bad books and bad newspapers. The yellow-covered literature, as it is called, is a pestilence, compared with which the yellow fever, typhus, cholera, and small pox are as nothing, and yet there Is no quarantine against it. Never take a book in your hands which you would not like to be seen reading. Avoid not only notoriously immoral books and papers, but avoid also those miserable, sensational magazines and novels which are so profusely scattered around on every side. The demand which exists for such vile garbage speaks badly for the moral sense and intellectual training of those who read them. If you wish to keep your mind pure and your soul in the grace of God, you must make it a flnp and steady principle of conduct never to touch them. Would you be willing to pay a man for poisoning your food ? And why should you be so foolish as to pay the authors and publishers and retailers of bad books, and pamphlets, and magazines, and the editors or irreligious newspapers for poisoning your soul with their impious principles and their shameful stories and pictures. Go, then, and burn all bad books in your possession, no matter how costly, they are. They are infinitely less valuable than your Immortal souls, which were redeemed by the precious Blood of Jesus Christ. 'In the Acts of the Apostles we' read that, when St. Paul preached at Ephesus, many of the Jews and Gentiles were converted to the 'faith. "And many of them that believed came confessing and declaring their deeds. And many of them who had followed curious arts brought together their books and burnt them before all; and counting the price of them, they found the money to be fifty thousand pieces of silver." (Acts, xix., 18, 18.) In every country on the earth there are thousands of young people daily and hourly perishing under the horrible, the frightful curse of bad books and immodest novels. When a passion for novel and romance reading has gained on young persons, business and everything else serious are neglected, and the mind becomes poisoned with impure, filthy images. See what bad novels did for St. Teresa, who was, even in her childhood, a saint. " It happened," she says, '-that there were some novels and romances in our house. I began to read them, and I gave myself up entirely to this reading. Then I forgot my duties, and thought only of these novels, and I fell into many sins." She soon, however, lamented grievously this her dangerous fad, and from her own sad experience earnestly conjures all parents to watch over their children, that they may never fall into idle, vain, ana dangerous company, or indulge in such pernicious reading ; for, if she had not dashed against these two rocks, she said she would always have increased in fervour, instead of falling back. Books of this class are often written -with spirit and ability, so as to pre- occupy the reader in favour of the author The poison cannot be detected at once, but Is dealt out gradually, in small doses, and well sweetened, so as to be imbibed unconsciously. One has full time to reflect of what he has read, gets used to the poisonous beverage, and this the deadly mixture penetrates ever deeper and deeper into the soul. Therefore, a well-known infidel said in reference to the French Revolution and its inhuman atrocities: " Books have done all that." Rousseau, himself a novel-writer or this descrip- tion, says : " A chaste young woman, has never read a novel." Perhaps you will say that these novels are well composed, that they are beautifully written, and that by reading them you learn to speak well, and obtain a great deal of information. We shall answer you in the words of St. Augustine, that "All this is but a false pretext by which you deceive yourself, for by these wicked books we learn not to speak well, but only to become wicked and commit vice with less restraint." 'Many who would not listen to obscene discourse do not fear bad books ; they think they will get no harm from them ; curiosity prompts them to open them, and, fascinated by the novelty, they read on, unable to lay down the book, until, when the last page is turned, their imind has, to a great extent, assimilated the views and opinions of the writer. Hence we see that bad books are more prejudicial than even bad companions, and, on this account, the reading of such books is strictly prohibited by the Church. The Council of Trent condemns all writings destructive of faith or morals. The Fathers of the Council were well aware tha't as a disease, once contracted, pervades the whole system, so, if the germs of error and immorality are once introduced among the faithful, the contamination will spread widely and rapidly. Furthermore, an " Apostolic Constitution," concerning the prohibition of certain books and writings, was published by our 'Holy Father, Leo XIII., on the 25th January, 1897, from which we quote the following :—" The books of apostates, heretics, schismatics, and all writers whatsoever, defending heresy or schism, or in any way attacking the foundations of religion, are altogether prohibited. Books, which professedly treat of, narrate, or teach lewd or obscene subjects are entirely prohibited, since care must be taken, not only of faith, but also of morals, which are easily corrupted by the reading of such books. Newspapers and periodicals, which designedly attack religion or morality, are to bo held as prohibited., not only by the natural, but also "by the ecclesiastical law. Books condemned by the Apostolic See are to be considered as prohibited all over the world, and in to whatever language they may be translated. All and every one knowingly reading, without authority of the Holy See, the books of apostates and heretics defending heresy ; or books of any author which are by name prohibited by Apostolic Letters; also those keeping, printing, and in any way defending such works, incur ipso facto excommunication reserved in a special manner to the Roman Pontiff.'" Even civil States are now 'beginning to see the necessity of opposing a barrier to the filthy and soul destroying " LADIES who use QUIBELL'S DIS- INFECTANT say It is superior to Permanganate of Potash. Try it. Safe, nvigorating, and Healthy. 6d. and Is. er bottle. Sold everywhere. Depot, Colli ns-e^eet, Melbourne. torrent of corrupting literature. "The Children's Protection Bill," which was introduced in the Parliament of South Australia a few months ago, enacted that, " Any .person showing an indecent publication to a child under i8 years of age will be liable to six months' imprisonment and a fine of £50," See then, dear children in Christ, the rule of your conduct. Pernicious books, pamphlets, leaflets, newspapers, Which undermine vour faith, which daily vomit their venom against the Church and religion, which seek to destroy all ecclesiastical and divine authority, and which, furthermore, seek to corrupt your morals, vou may not read or give to others' to read, otherwise you transgress the laws of the Church, you are rebellious to her precepts, and you become guilty of sin, even of grievous sin, " Tell me your company," says the proverb, "and I'll tell you who vou are." A person's character is judged by the company he frequents, Now, of all bad companions, we repeat, the worst is a 'bad book, if for no other reasons, because it is the most constant, an.I it is that of , which, one is least ashamed ; even the most wicked sometimes blush at bad company through self-respect at least. Among other vile productions that we could men tion, all the works of Zola are con demned, and absolutely prohibited. Do not waste your precious time in reading the maudlin trash served up in the pages of " Reynolds' Miscellany." the " Family Herald," the ' London Journal." and other such wretched periodicals—the product, of diseased imaginations. We should wage war, even to the death, against all immoral literature. It is our duty to defend the purity of God's law, to protect defPriceless youth, to expos..- ii,c insidious wiles of the crafty serpent and his agents, and to aid in stemming the poison that, rolling like a river of lava over the land, threatens to submerge her cities, towns, and homesteads. amd bury thousands of poor, helpless souls beneath the mightv and destructive element. The desire to enlighten your mind and enrich it with valuable knowledge is most praiseworthy, and we heartily commend young and old who, 'having fulfilled their duties, employ their leisure in useful reading. But. is it from books that ought not to be seen in your hands that you are to acquire information and edification '? " Is the enlightment of your mind." says Tertullian, " to come from the fire that scorches the heart ?" If you wish for your mental improvement, there is no lack of books, the works of good authors, which, while they interest and instruct you, will tend to draw your mind. from this world's vanities, will encourage you in the love of those virtues which belong to your state in life, and in striving to perfect yourself in them. If you find a bad book, follow the example of St. Aloysius, who, happening to come across one of these pernicious publications. instantly committed it to the flames, and ran to wash his hands, as if he considered them defiled by the touch of anything so foul. To the fire then with such books, it is the nly fit place for them. Remember the words of St. Augustine : " The perusal of bad books teaches one to regard, what is evil without disgust, to speak of it without shame, to prac- tise it without scruple," and of Sacred Scripture : " Wo to you that call evil good, and good evil : that put darkness for light, and light, for darkness ; that, put bitter for sweet, and sweet or bitter." (Isa,ias v., 20.) It is probably no exaggeration to afirm that in this country the average Catholic parent is habitually -guilty of culpable negligence in the matter of supervising the reading of his children. indiscriminate devouring of all the books he can lay his hands on may be thought, by some foolish-parents, to be an excellent sign | of the future scholarship of their precocious son : but it is tolerably safe to assert:that the boy is, in the meanwhile, sowing seeds of unwisdom that will bear baleful fruit. 'Now, one filing, thf.t all Catholic fathers and mo.thei>S may very well do is to interest their sons and daughters in one species of biography that cannot but be entertaining and profitable, not only to their little ones, but to themselves also—we llude to "The Lives of the Saints." The young are born hero-worshippers, and the world has seen no greater heroes or truer heroines than the canonised saints whom the Church has placed on her altars. The great Patriarch, St. Antony, was inspired to lead an austere evangelical life by a passage of the Gospel, which he heard read in the church. " If thou wilt be perfect, go, sell what thou bast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have reasure in heaven." (Matthew, xix., 21.) St. Augustine ascribes his eonversion to a sentence of Sit. Paxil's Epistle to the Romans. St. Iguatiys, hen a soldier, disabled by-a wound received at the siege of Pampelujia, asked for a book of romances to divert his mind. No such work being at hand, a volume of " The Lives of the Saints" was brought to him, and its contents so inflamed his soul that he resolved henceforth to be a soldier of the Cross. We earnestly exhort you to provide a few good books for family reading. Among the many excellent works that might be named, we particularly recommend "Catholic Belief." "The Imitation of Christ." " Is One Religion as Good as Another ?" "St. Franc-is de Sales' " Devout Life." the admirable publications of "The Catholic Truth Society," the works of " St. Alphonsus Liguori." and the monthly periodicals —•• The Ave Maria." " The Month," "The Catholic World." "The Irish Monthly." "The Austral Light." and " The Little Messenger of the Sacred Heart." and at least one Catholic uewspaiper. On next Wednesday, as prescribed by our holy Mother the Church, we enter on the solemn fast of Lent— the season of penance and mortification. If you faithfully observe the fast and abstinence enjoined, you will obtain a signal triumph over the promptings of corrupt nature, you will be victorious over your temptations in this life of combat, and lay up imperishable treasures for the life of everlasting rest and 'peace. "You. therefore, brethren, knowing these things before, take heed, lest being led aside by the error of the unwise, you fall l'roni your own steadfastness. But grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour .Testis Christ. To him be glory both now and unto the dav of eternitv. Amen." (11 Ep. S. Peter,''iii.. 17. IS.) JAMES F11ANC1S, Bishop of Sale. Given at Sale. Quinquagesima Sunday. ISO!). RI:<;rLATro.\s for the I.extkx Fast, 1899. The following dispensations are granted by authority of the Holy See for the Lent of 18!)!) :— For those who are bound to fast. (By those who are bound to fast are meant those who have completed their twenty-first year, and who are not exempt by reason of old age. hard labour. or illness.) 1\. Flesh meat is allowed only at the principal meal on all day*, except Wednesdays and Fridays. Ember Saturday (25th February), and the Monday iu Holy Week. 2\. Eggs, cheese, lard, or dripping'are allowed at the principal meals on all days except Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. 3\. A collation, which nnust not exceed eight ounces, is allowed in the morning, of bread aud tea, or other simple food, with a. little milk, butter, cheese, vegetables, fruit, or honey. 4\. A small collation, which must not exceed two ounces, may be taken in the evening. 5\. Ou Sundays no fast or abstinence is prescribed. 6\. There i.s no fast on St. Patrick's Day, tout, as it occurs this year on Friday, the usual abstinence must be observed. II. For those who. though not bound to fast, are bound to aJbstain. 1\. The usual number of meals may ibe taken. 2\. Flesh intent may be taken at every meal. It is prohibited on Wednesdays land Fridays, Ember Saturday (2oth February), and Monday in Holy Week. 3\. Eggs, cheese, lard, or dripping are allowed at all meals. Their use is not permitted on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. 4\. The use of milk and butter is not permitted on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. III. For those who arc dispensed from fasting, or abstinence, or from both. By those who arc not bound to fast are'meant only those tvlin. by reason of their age, or their labour, or other illness, are exempt from the obligation of fasting, and, therefore, require no dispensation. Those who. though not exempt by the law of the Church, are, by ecclesiastical authority, for personal and sufficient reasons dispensed from fasting, or abstinence, will keep strictly within the limits of their dispensation. On those days, Sundays inc'.uiled. oil which flesh meat is t.-fken. the use of fish at. the same meal is forbidden under pain of grievous sin. The same rule applies to all fasting days throughout the year: and it is of obligation even upon those who are not bound to fast. Those who have any doubt of their obligation will apply to the local clergy, to whom we give permission to At TOOLS BROS., Richmond, are to be procured the very cream of Scotch and Irish Whiskies, Including John Jameson and Son's Irish, and a blend oi 3cotch specially selected and put up for them in the Highlands. By arrangement, they are the pmrletore of " 'nvallde " Brandy, about 16 years old, the Eeat produced in France, and of whose quality Mr. Blackett speaks very highly. Country orders %fe . Mpeol&lly; attended to, grant further dispensations, according to the circumstances of individual cases. The time for fulfilling the precept of Easter Comnuunion is from Ash Wednesday till the Octave day of the Feast of Saints Peter and Paul (Gtli July.) The clergy w-ill fix a convenient hour for the daily 'Mass and evening devotions, -with instruction, at which it is most desirable that all should attend during i,eut whenever it is possible. All who cannot assist at the public devotions in the church or chapel are earnestly exhorted to assemble their families in the evening, for the pious recitation ol' the Rosary and the Litany of our Blessed Lady. ifcJAMISS FRANCIS Bishop of Sale. Given at Sale. Quinquagesiina. Sunday. 1S99. 