FATE'S FROLICS. (Br W. H. E.) WVitten especially .or the -Villiaimstow'; and Footscray ChroniclCS.) ..o: ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER .XVI. The Storm Bursts at last. _Poor co of. men ! said the pitying Spirit, Dearly ye pay for your primal fall; ,-· Some flowerets of Eden ye still inherit, - , B ut the trail of the serpent is over them all. To,-Ioore. Never before to Henry Burbeck had Roderigo and the slanderous, false tongued Ingo speeched such dilatory dialogue. Never before had old` Brabantio dallied so exasperatingly. over the significant tidings the two worthies roared at him through the night. Never before had the ,pre liminary business in the Council: Chamber scene appeared to occupy so. long a time. But at last, in a half dream of doubt and fear, he heard. Othello quote the lines to the.duke SShe loved me for the dangers I had pass'd, And I loved her that she did pity them. This only is the witchcraft I have used: • -, Here comes the lady; let her witness it. Then, as lie braced his nerves as he would for a coming physical shock, he heard: his companion hurriedly mutter ' Pretty girl she is, Burbeck, by all "( I hear,-exceptionally pretty I Strange fact about her, though, she only per-. forms every- H-ush'i here she from 'the thousands of people] and\ throwing of flowers, arid levelling of opera glasses, Henry Burbeck srowly lifted his eyes and gazed toward the stage; but between it and him there seemed to float a great, dark cloud that his gaze could not penetrate, He rubbed.his eyes again and again. The cheering of the people and the orchestra's music seemed to combine and mock him, with monotonous. iteration, With the words ' It is she-l' 'It is she I' ' It is she!' He. made a brave effort and dashed away the strange film from before his eyes and -saw Desdemona. * Holy God ! It is she 1 ' Hullo! I say, Burbeck, what's - the row ?' sharply queried his companion. Receiving no answer he -turned toward him and saw him with his-face hidden in his hands and his whole body working hard with some strongly suppressed emotion. 'Burbeck, old fellow, what is wrongl' he demanded. " Oh !-merciful God !-this is more than I can bear! Is all the-world false ? Is there no good in this ,cursed hell-since she-?' 'I say; Burbeck, what's the trouble T 'Take me away, Aylward! For God's sake come away from here anywhere-to hell!--it . would be: heaven to this! Come away I-or I shall go mad I'- . ' At least tell me the -trouble. Are: you ill?' Ill I-Aye !--ill in mind I-ill .to death I Oh ! I was afraid-afraid I He face is cleverly disguised-shamel jade !-though I can recognise eve feature ! And the jewels !-every on is identical I-the maltese cross upo her breast !-even to the ring upon her finger !-the ring that I placed there-while the holy vows of co stancy lingered on her false, shamel lips. She at least thought fit to cha ner name-nuuS?... s,.... ubt!? doubt !' 'Look here, Burbeck,' whispered his highly-perplexed friend, ' this won't do at all ! The people are beginning to stare and whisper. For Heaven's sake, man, be quiet I' 'Come away, Aylward, as you call yourself a friend,-come away-from here I' He arose from his seat and hu-rned outside, followed closely by the inuch. wondering Aylward -who was inclined to be angry at the whole strange pro. ceeding-until they stood together in the vestibule. ' Now then, Burbeck, what's ;the joke ? Heavens, man, your white a a ghost I' ' 'Aylward--you remember--what you said !-what you were saying when this-this Madamoiselle Felicie`,en tered I you remember,-Aylward I 'I said so many things, I really forget.' 'Curse it all I You musf remliember man ! You said that there was some thing unusual about her performadnes I -surely you--i' 'Oh yes IlI recall it now! I~las about to remark upon the queer eat that she performs only.: every iterltate night. The other.nights--' CA 'Then it is true --true as -h is false ! Then there is no good ii~ the world !' 'Burbeck, old man-1 - 'Leave me, Aylward I-you no doubt think me strange-to-night I will see you later-and explain ..ery thing I Good-night-old friend I'"i Henry Burbeok never rightly sknew how he reached his home uponq that night. The brilliantly- lighted sitreets looked to his eyes like some .gea, horrible dream, out of which the thum and roar of human life hrisaked rmonotonously 'She is false !': Se.is false I' ' She is false!' A :pjioor beggar woman put out her hand tor a coin from him, and he seized it! and swerved her around brutally, until- he glared into her startled face. 'Curse you I --you thing- oft a woman ! Have you a d'aughter 1' ' Yes !' - 'Two devils instead of one I Sata is lavish I Go and kill her I and ithen starve yourself I--the world: willi be -purer and happier !' As the railway train whirlec'bbim away from the city the roar bft the wheels and the shriek of the 'itam caught up the maddening words, ieem ing to chant a monody which repeated 'She is false I' ' She is false !' ~She is false I' - -Reaching his home, he was saosted in the ball by Fabian Clay.. - : ' Well, doe.,-' he commenced;iwhen the sight of that face stopped hi.! 'Let me pass I' 'Good God !-tell me, doe.; what hashappened I' 'Let me pasel and cease youreursed talk' - . 'But-your wiiofe !I--has anything--' 'I have no wife, you fool ! What do you mean ?' and he strode forward past. the amazed secretary, :pekiog him violently back against theswill. 'iNo wife? What does he" man? Burely she is not--dead I No I-he is mad !-mad ! I shall follow him-come what will I' Entering the doctor's study, he found him seated in his aim-chair, with his head buried low down. in his irms, which rested upon the' table, i ' i! while hard, fierce sobs shook his whole ' Doc. d No answer. ' Doc.,' -he repeated, stepping t forward and placing his hand upon the t other's shoulder, "dear old friend I ITell me what has hapjpened.' t J'` Nothing has happened r' laughed t the doctor,-a laugh with no mirth in it, and raising a face that shocked his questioner-so white and drawn as it a , Butsomething has happened Is four friend Aylward-in danger' t Ah !' 'In terrible danger I' - SOf what ?' ' Ofrwomen ! He has yet to discover their hellish rottenness I'_ ' But- but I :do . not comprehend you ' ly-this' Only another dream r broken Only another woman gone to her natural 'birth-place-lhell I Truly, .v Satail loves the women !' . ' iou-hould be the'last to say so, witli sch k-wife--' S' Ha! ha l She is the scum of ,them f a l l I .. ' Hush --youare mad l' - t '(Yes. I am mad I mad with rage to think that I was such a brainless foolas to dare dream that I could-find faithfulness in a woman !' .'Bat tell me-' " t ', For God's sake leave me alone !' ' Only, tell ime first 1-' ' Leave me alone !-or I shall curse d you .! No-stay !.I can tell you all in I a fey~words, and then leave..me, for thereiis.murder in my heart to-night I -anail yon are.in danger I-you poor Sof a- woman . We are all iniame we give a woman !-a wotnan : thfose things-l' . I'=Here-I Stop that, doe. I No more I v My mother's memory is very dear very sacred to me I and neither friend F nor enemy shall touch its sanctity I' .'Pardon me, Fabian l-I am mad tonight-!'. ' Tell me what is wrong I Your child is awake, and-' t;t"My child !-her child !-Merciful a bod take it to Thee, before the woman destiny has appointed for him blasts f his hopes of a Heaven !' . I !Tell me your trouble !' . Only this ] I took to my heart what c I thought little short of an angel, and she has proved a devil! 1 gave her my love and a home, and she has. mocked me and deceived me! She is' a very t queen of liars !-a false. deceiver !-a devil sent by Satan to blast men's a oauls for hell ! Now leave me I' - CnAvEra XVIL Othello kills his Desdeiona. ' There is not in Nature A thing that makes man so deformed, so "- beastly, " . 'At doth intemperate anger. "r J. Webstrer. It was very late that night when Cerise Burbeck arrived at her home. Ai was her customary practice she opened the hall-door with a latch-key 1 she carried with her, and passed into the house. Going straight to her own room she discarded , her out-door garments, and donning a simple even- 1 ing gown that she knew pleased her hhusband more than all her more costly dresses, she proceeded towards his study. Reaching the door she paused for a 'moment with her hand resting upon the knob, and whispered a brief prayer to-her God that all would be.right, for a?strange fear-of what she knew not -?-n a t her heart. Opening the door she passed in almost noiselessly. But he heard her, and rising from his chair turned toward her as she crossed the floor, and stood confronting her, one hand clutching hard at the back of the chair, the other clenched tightly at his side. She would fain have gone to him and thrown her arms about his neck,. as she had done before, but at sight of his face she paused a few feet from him, and thus they stood-face to face: hers growing pale with wonder and a growing fear that took shape in in a- moment, his with such an ex pression of score and positive loathing as he spoke in slow, methodical tones that hurt his hearer to the heart with their calstic contempt. 'So, 'woman !--since" you have thought it proper to deceive me,-and blast your soul and mine with lies, "and shame the name and home I gave to you,- I demand an explanation i' ' I-I do not-comprehend you, Henry, she faltered. S'I deniand an explanation of your outrageo?ie, unwifely conduct I Come, speakl'he added roughly. S'An lybou are only joking with me !' He lift?d his clenched hand at that, and steped towards her as though he 'oudd strike her. 'Whiitl' Have you the presumption to bran it out to my face-you jade? .Come-explain 1' She enever flinched, but moving for~ird laid a slightly trembling hand s his-arm, and gazed fearfully into his face. ' Henry!--surely you are not in earnest !' SHe shook her off-brutally. He had Ipot all his manly feelings .now-and was an animal. Anger is a sponge jtiat absorbs all the finer feelings. Forthe nonce he was not himself. wl-Do not touch me I--or -I, might .o-h no you would not I you dare P 'Would not ! dare not I why, woman, it ould only be what you deserve !' , I have never deserved it !-nor eiver shall I' ' Oh-you contemptible liar !' a?,Henry !' Y?:.You vile-thing ! to stand there With your baby face and innocent eyes \--a?d dare me i Have you no shame, woman i' !Of nothing that I have done !' her •. tics trembled pitifully in the speaking. .Of-unothing-that-yon--have Sdone l'he repeated sneeringly. ' What . are -innocence is here I Truly a goodly detfice !' 'dHenry I' (passionately now) 'tell me-of what you accuse me I-there is soiI mistake I ,Yes !-a fatal mistake! I took a Sdeil for a saint: What a fool was I i' . - You are cruel! 'Oh I and you-?' S':I am true to.you- sand-!' The tears came then, and her quick pddassionate words ended in hard sobbing. '•When you have quite finished your mock grief-those tears are admirable . eonterfeite-I shall again beg of you to e?plain !' ','What must I explain I do not 'You--Jezebel I Need you ask that i Need I tell you ? Surely your con cie0ce-bah I conscience in a woman I i excellent joke !' • ad he laughed, but there was no aerdment in the laugh. 'At the least tell me your suspicions !' a 'It proves to what unreachable r depths you have fallen, since you can stand there and speak like a woman that has done no wrong. It also proves the consummate actress you still are: you have not forgotten the sneaking tricks of face and lips your stage tutors taught you.' ' Henry,' she cried, passionately, ' I will not be taunted with the past ! I should have thought that my atone ment since would have-' ' And it also proves the probity of the proverb-"What's bred in the bone comes out-" 'Sir!' and she stood straight up t until her: eyes looked into his, 'you forget yourself !' 'I but:model my words to their object !' 'Oh, you are cruel !-heartless I I demand your suspicions ! I have done no wrong 1-' 'Heavens, woman !-then is it not 'wrong to lie and deceive 7 You wore your pearls and diamond ring to-night -did you not 7' . ' Ah !' she breathed to herself, ' then has he seen all T and her teeth tightened upon her under lip until she tasted blood in her mouth. ' Did you not ' - . ' I-I-yes, Idid !' . 'Excellent innovation !',he sneered, 'truth froma woman's lips !-the world a turns square!' t 'What then I' she asked. - ' Only this !-' and he strode to the door and dashed it open with such a force as to shatter the plaster behind SGet out-of here!' ' No! n. !-you cannot mean that !' 'Need-&I; repeat it ' S'No I-listen, I can explain all I' :' . ._.Thftie o .n?,".ssity for any ex your, conduict. For the last time- will you go ' 'But Henry I I really can ex plain- ' 'Will you go, 1 say, or-' a 'Very well ! I still possess a little of my mother's pride, I shall go! a Since you are so unmanly and cowardly as to accuse me without allowing me to explain, since you evidently are weary of me,-I have friends.-I shall go ! Yet, I could ex plain-' SI do not wish to hear you. There can be no explanation. God I-woman, will you not leave my sight, or must I -force you ' I ' I do not doubt your ability, sir, in the slightest.' . ' And may God "forgivc you, for I never'shall !Aind 'may he show you h'at a `falses, deceitful--' .'Ednough of that, sir ! I. have been sufficiently insulted and degraded- with your cowardly tongue. I would not grant you explanation now did. you pray for it upon your knees I I could explain everything, but-' .Doubtless you could-to your own seatifaction.' S' But I would not do so now-were I threatened with torture ! Where is my child I' 'In safe hands. I shall in future be responsible for him.' 'But-but I cannot leave himn 1' ' Rather would I kill him where he sleeps, than allow his innocent '-'mind to be tainted by the sight of your false face and the sound of your lying tongue !' ' You are .cruel !-unjust !' 'Get-out of my sight ! And may God curse me-strike me to death ! the day 1 look upon your face again ! I loved you I tried to be to you all that a hasband should be to his wife. I gave you antuntarnished name,-and you have dragged ib back into the mud I took'you from. Yes, I loved you, but it influenced you not. But I should have thought that the birth of our child would have filled your. life, but no I-you b!asted his name and mine-with your shameful, wicked deceptions,-and above all sins I deem a lie the greatest. Now go!' ' Once again, Henry I-see, I will kneel to you ! Only let me speak ! Surely you are not going to turn me away for this harmless little deception I have practiced. I will tell you all, how-' ' ' Harmless little deception !' he re peated, 'truly your estimate of sin must be a very tolerant one--exceed ingly elastic 1 Enough of this ! Not another word ! I do not care to hear your voice. Please leave my house !' ' Very well, I shall not ask again. Oh! Henry Burbeck,-you will regret this day I There will come a time when you would give your soul to recall this hour. I cannot think that you are sending me away simply for tiia. There must be something else. But as you wish i~t I shall not speak again. I bid you good- night I' And then she went away, with head bowed and tears streaming down her face,--yet with a great hard pride at her heart that whispered to her and prevailed upon her to take him fully at his word.- So she left the house she had called her own-like a guilty thing, while Henry Barbeck, standing at the opened door gazing into the blackness that had taken her out of his life, experienced such a heart struggle as surely no man had done before. SWeary of her, she said, and I would die for her sake-even now I O God I is tie whole universe a lie I thought.heraniangel. Bah! I might have known- otherwise I-fool I idiot! the other ~6ne should have taught me what women are. Oh my wife l my wife ! gladly would I give up all to re call you--even now: for I still love you I love you with all my soul I But it is too late I too late!-and God and Eternity are lies damnable!' And from that night'he went about his daily duties with the mark of a great grief upon him; aid he taught diligently his little child to forget the mother that bore him,-and her name was never again heard in that unhappy home. (To be eontinued.) 