The Grey Ghost of Lande Trarno. BY LILIAN QUILLEJJl COUCH. (Author of "A Spanish Maid," etc., etc), ; (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER T. Gilbert Warren never forgot Eleanor Hardwick sa sba walked Into the Hares* drawing-room at Bury Hall on that memorable December after- noon. When he came to think of it afterwards bo found that the afternoon was memorable only because she had walked into tho Hares' drawing room then, and ho had looked upon her for the first time. Miss Hardwick's coming was not unexpected to Gilbert; ho had been present when her. invitation ?was first suggested by Colonel Hare to bis wife. It was Misa Hardwick herself who was unexpect- ed; Gilbert had not known before that anyone could be so beautiful. It was about three weeks earlier that Colonel Hare bad suddenly put down his newspaper, and, looking across the breakfast table at his wife, had first mentiond Miss Hardwick. "By-the bye, Maggie," he began, "I intended to, ask you about old Hardwick's grandchild; but .it quite slipped . my memory when I g'ot" back last night."- ?. -^'o,;./.?,.';-v Mrs. Hare's pleasant blue eys looked puzzled. "Old Hardwick's grandchild?'.' she repeated. "I don't remember." ; -' - r.'v>- '. "Oh, no, my dear; I was forgetting. You never met old Hardwick. I used to know him well when I was a young fellow, before we were marriëd. Ha had a place down in an outlandish part ** of the world, called Landewarne; and he used to enter- tain royally. Dear me, it must be between thirty and forty years ago." . "Is he dead?" asked Gilbert, who happened to bo the only .guest at Bury Hall just then, and had grown interested in getting the topic forward a little. 1 "Yes; that is what I was coming to. I met Colli3 at the club yesterday, and in talking over old times before I went to India he mentioned Landewarne, and then told me of old Hardwick's death-over a year ago. The property, he heard, went to a grandchild-the only living relation-a girl, who had been brought up by the old man. She must be young Kit Hardwick's child. Poor k Kit!" ' "And what were you going to ask me about her, dear?" suggested Mrs. Hare. "Ah, I was forgetting again. It struck mo that we might ask the child to spend Christmas with us. We shall be having a nice houseful, and she might enjoy it. Old Hardwick and I lost sight of one another after I. went to India, but he was more than kind to me as a youngster, and I should like to be kind to the girl in some way. It must bo dismal for her, living with some old'ehaperon most likely, down in that lonely great house miles away from everywhere." "It is a masterly picture you Bketch, Colonel," laughed Gilbert. "Lonely mansion, beautiful heiress, stern,, female guardian-I know Mrs. Hare's tender heart must ,be already yearning to comfort Miss Hardwick."' Mrs. Hare laughed also. . . "I will write to-day, dear, if you like. But your lovely heiress is probably a very. well-cai*ed for girl, with plenty of friends, and ho inclination to come among strangers at Christmas time. I prophesy she will prefer playing Lady Bountiful among her own retainers." "Ah, well," sighed the Colonel, disappointedly, "perhaps you're right. But-ask her at any rate; she can decline if she likes." . . Miss Hardwick did not decline; she accepted. And Gilbert Warren, who had expected an heiress, perhaps pretty but certainly countrified and shy, was amazed at the sight of thc magnificent young queen, in costly silks and furs,, who crossed the drawing-room with such regal grace three weeks later, to receive her hostess's welcome; Eleanor Hardwick was tall and slender, with bright brown hair, which escaped in alluring little tendrils about her brow, a complexion white as milk, with a wonderful pink on cheeks and lips, and eyes of a clear grey color.. She seemed per- fect; sparkling with light, and life, and happiness; while just the slightest ..suggestion of hauteur in the pose of her head brought the word "regal" to the mind at once. Gilbert Warren had travelled much, had met scores of beautiful women, had admired, perhaps, tens, but he went down, metaphorically, as a nine- pin before Eleanor Hardwick, as she looked round upon her fellow guests, and smiled and bowed as Mrs. Hare made her brief introductions. After that there was a week-an. intoxicating week at Bury Hall, when Gilbert Warren fell de- lirious w'ih the fever of love. It was a sudden and severe case, but even his oldest friends guessed nothing of his extremity. He did his best to answer when addressed, he believed he even carried on a sensible conversation, .and he hoped that his instincts would keep his politeness up to a fair average; but, as a.matter of fact, he scarcely realised the presence, or cared for the existence of anyone but Miss Hardwick; for him there was only one person in the house-Miss Hardwick, except a shadowy hostess, who was kind to him. . . ' "Eight and thirty, and plain," he would moan inwardly, as ho assessed his advantages and dis- advantages. "Rich. But what does she care for money-money made by iron,"too! " She is beautiful, kind, gracious-but a little, proud; she would scorn the 'iron.' And-she has certainly grown a little colder to me lately." ? So at'times he lashed himself, and suffered. On the night of the big dance, which was to ?wind up the fortnight's festivities at Bury Hall, Gilbert stood in the doorway of the temporary ballroom, and watched Miss Hardwick as she dan- ced a quadrille with Colonel Hare. Gilbert himself had danced iwith her. twice-wild Joyful moments, gone through ' by him with a throbbing heart, an. impassive face, and a few con- ventional words-and he hoped to claim a third dance when this quadrille should be over. Three waltzes with the queen of the'night was no bad share, he admittéd, and in gratitude he had done good general service in the ballroom throughout the rest of the evening. Now, however, hi claimed a few moments' rest to think, and to look forward to the blissful minutes before ihim.' Eleanor Hardwick was looking her-.best;- Sh« :was nearing a gown of white and silver bro- cade, Kith edgings of swansdown, which lay softly against her fair neck and arma. She never wore Jewels. Gilbert had noticed that fact with some surprise. She was regal without regalia. * "She would never condescend to me," he de- cided mournfully, as he followed her lovely face with hiss passionate eye's, and noted the glances of admiration it drew from everyone, "She might have the choice of a dozen titles this very night for her acceptance. And I have failed to win even her interest. My lineago will not bear compari- son with others, and my money is nothing to her." Tho last notes of the quadrille came to a crash- ing finale, and Gilbert went forward eagerly . lo claim his divinity; he knew tho Colonel would be kind enough to forego a few minutes with his bril- liant partner which ho might rightly claim. < "The next dance is ours, Miss Hardwick," said Gilbert, pleadingly. She smiled in answer, then looked at the Colonel; the Colonel smiled ruefully, then bowed, and re- signed his partner to Gilbert's care. ' , "Shall we go into the conservatory?" he asked. "Ah, yes, that will be cooler," she sighed. "Everyone else seems to prefer th© stairs," she added, with a laughing upward glance at tho staircase. "Another reason for our choosing the conser- vatory," he ventured boldly. When they reached the fiowerscented retreat it waa quito deserted, and-.Gilbert, with an in- ward thanksgiving, led his partner to. a deep bas- ket chair, then sank into another chair beside her. ? . "Tho,-last night,*' she said, slowly, almost as if speaking to herself. "I can scarcely, believe it.'.'. - "I clare not trust myself to believe it," he said, Impulsively. ' She turned quickly to look at him. He bit his Hp. . "To-morrow," ehe continued, "I leave'this hap- piness, brilliance, gaiety." "You speak as though you turned your hack up- on all pleasure, and went into solitude," he ob- jected. - / "Well," she rejoined, "What do you consider I go to?" "Ah," he said, quickly. "I forgot that your i home Is lonely and far off. It is hard to realise. ] You look so-so different. . One would always picture you in the midst of life and brilliant so- ciety." She laughed, but it was not a happy laugh this time. He longed to take her in his arms and beseech her never to leave him fer that lonely home. Instead, he forced himself to speak light- ly. "I suppose, in spite of the distance, at which; your home, lies, you have friends, and tenants, and merry-makings, and, surely, a ghost?" "I have at leaist the ghost!" she said, slowly. "A real ghost of your own?" he asked In mock terrer. Ha was- talking feverishly , of trifles, feeling as a man who skims round a'hole-in a sheet of ice. towards which he involuntarily draws near- er. He loved her so passionately, and it was "so evident that she cared nothing for him. "What is it like?" he persisted. "Are you afraid if it?" "It is like - " she paused-"a grey,, snarling .wolf, .which prowls about outside--and at length comes in at .the door; and I am afraid.of it," she answered; 'shuddering; Then she roused herself.'' "Fancy talking of.. ghosts to-night! You, also, go. to- morrow, don't you? Do "you go back to such pleasant things as you picture for me?" ,; "I go back to. EiOthing pleasant," he returned, gloomily, "not oven a glicst." "Oh, come!" slie laughed. "YvTry do you taite thia sad viow of life? I fancy that inrcality you aro one of the favored few, possessing every- thing needful, and mcsit things pleasant. For in- stance-leisure?" "Yes," dolefully. "And health?" ' "Yes," still dolefully. "And gold?" .? . ? . "Yes, gold!" he cried. "But gold will not buy everything. Many a time I have haid leisure, health, and gold, .and have still been hungry." "Hungry," she whispered, and her eyes dilated. Looking at her, he thought she seemed frightened. "Surely you do net think that these things alone can make'-;a man happy, you who can count as your own, worship, admiration, beauty, power, a brilliant present, and, I doubt not, a still more brilliant future?" He. had forgotten his sur- face impassiveness; his voice was eager, desper- ate. "You claim much for me," she said; and her voice was a little unsteady. "Yet- if we ever meot again- you will scorn--" She faltered. All her brightness, her little airs of hauteur, were gone from her suddenly; her head drooped, a weariness came into her face, and as Gilbert locked, wondering, two tears ran down her cheeks -and splashed upon the white and silver brocade. "Miss Hardwick! , Eleanor !" he cried, clasping the little gloved hand which lay trembling on the chair-arm. "Don't you know that I love you that-" Y":"---..," '??.''?'.-?['.:.:. "Ah, no!" She started up, and spread, her hands as if warding'him off in fear. Gilbert rose, too, and faced her.; "No," she cried, "you must not--! You. don't know---! : I-1---" In another moment their solitude was invaded. Light laughter and "the swish, of silken skirts drew near. With a wonderful mastery over her emotion Miss Hardwick finished her sentence'. "I think it is time we went back," she said, with a-conven- tional smile, laying her trembling hand on. Gil- bert's arm, and without another word, he led her . back to the ball-rcom. . - The next day she went-from his sight, from his life, it seemed to Gilbert. The other guests who were left were enthusiastic over. MissvHardwick's charms, until the time came for their own depar- ture, wheri the subject of their admiration was forgotten in tho greater importance, of their rugs arid foot- warmers. Gilbert alone felt that noth- ing could blot her from his heart, and he turned his back on Bury Hall feeling-that.nothing.in the world was worth doing, cr seeing, or acquiring, now that Eleanor Hardwick had refused his love. 