Answers to Correspondents. [All enquiries in the. matter of fashion and toilette to be addressed to "Lady Kitty."] MODEKNA..—Necklets and boas of tulle chiffon and net are tremedously smart for this demi-season, when it is neither hot weather or cold. They are expensive to buy, but easily made, and dainty work to employ one's time with. A black chiffon boa could be made out of four yards of dress width chiffon, cut any width you like, wider at the throat; box pleat it, and edge it with black satin baby ribbon. They are very becoming, and a black satin muft, heavily frilled with chiffon, would be a charming companion to the boa. FASHION.—Certainly, white collar and cuffs, with a flannelette blouse, are quite de rigeur. Miss B.—Black chiffon blouses are very smart for evening wear; or those imported steel trimmed black nets mounted on black silk. Steel and black is such a smart combination. PERPLEXED.—Grey has so many possibilities. I wonder you are preplexed. Grey and Parma violet is a lovely combination; also grey and Italian red. or grey and Neapolitan blue. Any of these would suit you, but I like grey and violet best. SHALL I?—Well, I don't advise you to. II may be all very well for shoes to permit of free air playing round the ancles, but in winter weather I think that boots are decidedly healthier. Especially on a wet day, when the bottom of one's skirt sometimes gets wet and flops all about your ancles. LUCY H.—Complexion veils certainly are dreadfully expensive. But I can tell you how to make them most inexpensively yourself. Buy a cheap, white tulle; tie a veil of this on first, then an ordinary black net, and the effect is exactly the same, though much cheaper than the imported complexion veil. COATING.—If you have a good, bright color, I can recommend a coat and skirt in stone, drab, or putty cloth. But a pale complexioned girl would look far better in a myrtle green or gendarme blue. Those other shades would make you look bilious. TOQUE.—Large hats are certainly being heavily stocked in all the shops, but that does not mean one must wear them whether you like it or not. As you are small with a thin face, I should rather like you to wear a small toque of wine-colored velvet, with sable tails, and a diamond buckle, perhaps two jetted quills standing straight up in front, and turned backwards off the face. This would go beautifully with your black frock. Millings :— Lady Mary, 873 tons, 1,011 oz. 5 dwt.— Associated for March : Mill, 3,900 ton oxidized, 3,300 oz., average 16 dwt. 22 grs. ; treated at Port Pirie, not included in the February returns, 815 tons, yield 2,266 oz., average 2oz. 15 dwt. 14grs.; smelted at Wallaroo, 900 tons, 2,790 oz., average 3 oz. 2 dwt. ; total output, 8,356 oz. In addition 2,200 tons of 3|-oz, sent to Fremantle Works, returns from which have not been received. Mr. Henry Sewell, florist, Beehive Corner, has been executing wedding bouquet orders in the most artistic manner. One of his bridesmaid's posies is a beautiful effectiveness of La France roses, autumn leaves, with ribbons of corresponding tints. His theatre orders have been so numerous and so lovely that it would take up too much space t., recount them all. But I must mention a basket which was filled with dark and pale pink roses, autumn leaves, and pale green orchids; the handles of the basket being decorated with broad Eau de nil satin ribbons. A banjo with a foundation of white flowers, pink roses, pink and gold cords, was novel and pretty. The magnificently arranged basket which Mr. Sewell sent to Lady Tennyson was composed of orchids, carnations, dark red roses, and was tied with blue and gold streamers. It now leaks out that the yacht Queenie, in the foundering of which recently near Geelong four men's lives were lost, was known to many as "The Coffin,'" and was considered unsafe by many yachtsmen. Allan, one of the men who were drowned, had insured his life for =£100, and a fund for his widow and children is b-'ing generally subscribed to. The good old ghost at the political feast—State Fire Insurance. The fad of a wild-eyed democracy. 