THE NOVELIST. A TRYING ORDEAL. CHAPTER XV. No audible answer came a« her arms relaxed their frantic hold, and tho little head, glorified by its halo of golden lmir, sank hack upon tho pillows ; hut tho dark solemn eyes opened onco ntoro and fixed themselves upon UnaR face, and tho little nrnm feebly strove to lift themselves upon Una's neck. In another moment ltcdmond had caught tlio swaying form, and Norah weeping bitterly, gontly closed little Molly's oyes. It was hours Inter, mid tho short dull day, with its falling rain and aigliing wind, hod half sobbed and moaned itself away, when Una, until now lying rigid upon tho couch in her own room, whither she hud been carried, stirred and opened hor eyos. Noroli, sitting by hor, hod known thus sho was not sleeping; but tho girl had feared to rouso Iter, anil, worn out by sleepless nights and sorrow, was almost asleep herself, when at last the dark lashes were slowly 'raised, and the groat bright oyes gazed intently at Norult. Tho girl sprang to her feet quickly, and Una raised harself upon her elbow. ' It's true, Norah !' she said, in a hoarse harsh voice, laying a cold hand upon tlio girl'a wrist. ' It's truo— isn't it, Norah ? There's something wrong with uiy brain, I think ; I have dreamed this so often — this seems liko otto of tho dreams. Tell me, ami tinm I shall know it is truo. .Sho'H dead — my Molly 1" ' Yos,' Norah whispered, infinite sorrow in hor trembling voice, and she laid her cheek against tho chill fingers that clasped her own, ' it is true. Sho is dead. Sho died looking st you — died trying to speak to you. Oh, I am sure — I know,' she cried, breaking down as sho recalled the scene, 1 that sho tried to call yon mother.' She buried Iter fuco in her hands as she sobbed, nttd Una, raising herself a littto higlior, gently laid Iter hand upon tlio bowed head. There wqb a strange look upon her face — a look of mingled envy and wander. Sho Imd passed tlio stago when grief can find a blessed relief in team. Her glittering oyes wore dry — her head scented clasped by n band of fire. ' I wish I could cry, Norah,' sho said. 1 My dear, try. Try. Una' 1 No.' Pushing away the tender arms that would liavo embraced her, she stood erect, pressing ono hand over hor fore head, and holding tho other with Iter usual gesture to her throat. 1 1 wept so muny tears when she was born,' sho said, ' that I liavo nono left now sho is dead.' Hor voice changed. ' They did not think tlmt I should claim her dead — they thought they could koep me dumb still. Was I silent to spare myself, as they were to spare tho name I disgraced 1 No — to epam her. Is was for her suko that I let thcin steal her from mo— for her sako that I bora tho daily torturo of my life hero— for her sake that through. all Iter life she never called me ' mother '. Oh, my Molly, Oh, my baby — my baby.' Una, uttering thnt agonised heart broken cry, fell to tho floor and lay there, writhing as though under some exquisite physical torturo ; but her choking sobs, Iter stifling moans woro tearless still. Norah bent over her, striving with all tho eloquence of tondcr embraces andgontlo words to soothe her; and presently the stricken woman became calm, and rose and stood by the girl's side, but her eyes glittered as brightly as ever. ' Norah,' sho said slowly, tigntening her clasp upon tlio hand sho held, 'what havo tlioy told you I Did they any I lied 1 What did Edith say 1' 'Nothing,' said Norah, in a troubled voice. 'Nothing, Una. Mrs. ftabtne said nothing to mo— not a word. She went straight to her own room. I have not seen her since.' 'And Redmond! Ho told you — what! ' That it was true,' suid the girl gently. Then alio cried, ' Oh, he is very, very sorry for you, Una dear. I am sura he is as sorry as I am. I don't understand it — I don't know whet it nil means ; hut I am sorry in my heart of heart for you, and so is ho, I know.' Yes,' said Una, Iter voice hard and cold — ' I boliova that. Whon I firat came here, Norah — ho was a boy then — he was fond of mo — fondor I think, than he was of his sister, who bated ino then, when I had given Iter no reason, only less than she hates mo now, when I have given her so much. I have ruined his life, I have blackened his name ; ho has been cruel to mo, hut of himself ho has never tortured me wantonly, and through it all ho has always pitied mo, even wbilo he scorned me, as I so well deserved that he should — as I so well deserve that all the world Hliould. I know that,' sho cried, clenching and unclenching her hands. ' I have always known that, even while tho only perverse comfort I havo had has been to disdain and defy his scorn and laugh of his contempt. I have often wondered why he pitied mo even through his scorn — perhaps because lie saw that I was not quite abandoned, and remembered wliat I used to be— oh, so different, Norah — so different once. Child, I might have been as you are— as happy and ns innocent — hut for this miserable beauty of mine, which lias brought tnc all the unspeakable wretchedness that I liavo known. I was meant to be a good woman,' alio muttered, her voice Hinkiug into n low inexpressibly- dreary murmur. ' I am quite sure I was meant to ha a good woman then. All lost, all gono— all wasted and flung away.' With a passionate gesture, as though she spurned herself, alio turned away, and, sinking upon tho couch ngain, lay with her head huriod in tho cushion. But she still held Noroli's hand tightly, and presently, yielding to its clasp, tho girl knelt down beside her. ' Una,' sho whiskered, smoothing tlio golden hair and laying her cheek upon it, ' won't you tell mo what your trouble was. Won't you confido in me, now that I know ns much as I know. Let mo help you, if you can bo holped — or at least lot me comfort you. You know you may trust tno. My dear, you know I love you dearly.' ' Love me !' Una echoed bitterly, with out raising hor head. ' You love me, you poor child. Do you want'to shrink from me; Norah, as those people on the cliff did tliat day, just as if my very touoh had contamination in it, and my breath |>ojeouc(j the very air. If tfi»t 3 wli»t you wish, nsk mo to toll you, and I will do it. 1 You know,' said tho girl, very gently and gravely, ' that I should nover do that.' I will tell you,' said Una after a pause, raising her head and speaking in a whisper ; but not hero, Norah. Tell rao — hnvo tlioy loft Molly. Is sho alone 1' 'Quite nlono.' Norah put her arms about the trembling woman as sho rose. ' You must not be afraid to see her. She looks so sweet and peaceful — a little sleeping angel.' Una, with the girl's hand in hers, led tho way to the chamber of death. Sweet and peaceful indeed, and solemn, with a beauty not of earth, the little face looked, tho golden hair about it seeming to light up the shadowy wliite- drapcried room. No tears fell from the mother's oyes upon tlio silent form ; she stooped onco and pressed her lips to the rigid smiling baby mouth, then stood looking down at hor dead child as sho spoke. ' Norah, do you remember thogravo in the park.' ' Yes.' ' Do you know who lies there 1' No.' Norah was turning cold. She wsji thinking of that green ridge iu the rank turf, forgolton and neglected in that solitary place, of her own fancy, which had tievor grown into a real suspicion, of Redmond and his denial of its being other than a simple mouiul of earth, of Una's wild terror of — when was it — last night t— of tlmt strange old man with tlio fiery oyes nnd fierce manner — tho man who was called Desmond of F'intrngh. She was frightened without knowing why. She drew nearer to Una, repressing hor inclination to shrink uway, as she whis pered again, 1 No. ' ' My husband,' said Una, looking fixedly at tlio girl — my husband and my child's fatlior — Godfrey Ardmore.' ' Your husband f Norah echoed blankly. Godfrey Ardinoral' ' Sly husband,' Una repeitcd steadily. ' Bfy husband, who loved mo nnd whom I loved— my husband, whom I deserted and betrayed, and who, through mo, lies in tho dishonoured grave filled by his own lmnd. Ho is the man who lies there, Norah 1' Tho girl had no reply — her amazement and perplexity were too complete. Sho could only look at tho stern pale beauty of tho faco before her, and stand awed and dumb. Suddenly Una tottered for ward and hid her face, wet with tho first tears that she shed that day, upon tho other's neck. ' Norah, Norah 1' sho cried. ' I must tell you now — here, besido my darling — before I ain hardened and frozen again— I must tell you all the truth ; for lost and base as I am, you have' not shrunk from nie, and you loved her. Yes, my huslinnd is there — sent there by me as surely and as truly as though my hand, and not his own, hod plunged the knife into his heart I Oh, my husband, my darling I Oh, my child I' The silence tlmt ensued was broken only by the violent sobs of the unlmppy woman. With the sure instinct of affec tion and sympathy, tho girl felt that tlio best consolation that she could givo lay in a gontlo caress. So sho passed licr cheek upon tlio golden head nntil pre sently Una became calm, and alio began to speak again, with her facijhlddon still. Very quietly, in a slowjjj dreary hopeless monotone, she told tho. jterrible story which Imd for its climax that neg lected and forgotten grave. 'You have never heard of Godfrey Ardmore; Norah. He was Redmond's older brother — the elder by eight yearn — and, when I knew him firat, was as hand some and bright as Redmond— poor boy I — might bo now but for me ! I was nn orphan — for I have no kith or kin in the world — I have lived to be glad of that- ! — and my home was with my grim, hard, old guardian and his wife, when ho — my husband — saw mo ono Juno day in Dub lin. Ho met me first by chance ; but afterwards he contrived to meet mo ngain nud again, and at last mndo my guardian's acquaintance, in order tlint lie might visit at the houso. Only for me 1 I knew then as well as I know it now — from the tinio when lie was so unfortunate ns to let his eyes rest upon my face heluul no thought, no care, no hope that was not centred in mo. There are not many men who havo such love to givo as ho gave mo ; but, when this is the case, I think it is nearly always women such as I who win such a priceless treasure — hardly ever is tho love bestowed upon one who would value and deserve it. IVell, ho asked me to marry him as soon as ho dared. I was penniless, but he nover thought of that. My guardians were glad to be rid of mo, for I was to them an expense nnd burden ; and I hated tlio miserable monotony of of my life with them so intensely that I believe I should liavo said ' Yes ' — gladly and joyfully said it— if I had . not loved him. We were married, and lie brought mo home— homo hero to Kilelicnorn.' There was a pnuso for a few moments, which the listener did not try to break. Una spoke again — still with her face hidden — but for an instant with some traco of passion in her low even tone9. ' I loved him, Norah,' sho declared — ' I loved him ! I will not try to screen or defend myself in any way ; nnd I tell you that through everything I loved iny husband with all tlio love that I had it in me to give. I have not even the excuse for my sin tliut no many women can proffer — that they were bound to n man whom they hated, and tempted by the man whom tlioy loved I I hod no such excuse, for always — wretcliod creature that I was, and more wretched creature that I am I — always I loved my husband, whilst I almost hated niy tempter — Arran Desmond of Fintragh 1' Tho exclamation which broke from Norah's lips sho was utterly unable to repress. Who was Arran Desmond of Fintragh 1 Not thnt fierce gray old gray old man who lurked about Kilchenora like nn evil spirit 1 Who thon 1 His eonl The girl had swifty asked herself these questions when Una's voice wont on drearily, ite momentary firo and pas sion gone. 1 It was my miserable vanity that began it, Norah— my pride in this poor fair face of mine, whose beauty has been to mo but a hateful badge of sliamo for eight long years ! At first I was contented here— in dreary Castle Kil chenora — at first I was happy. Then I began to be disappointed. I knew that ray husband was a baronet's son, and I had expected that he would be rich beyond o>y dreaqis, I had pictured p>y- self a star in society, wlioro my beauty, I know, would give me a queenly position ; I had pictured to myself luxurious living, in pomp and state, horses, carriages, dia monds—all tlio tbousand-and-ono delights wealth nnd station could bring— and all my own. I found that tlio riches of Kilclicnora had flown, thnt the splendour and pride of tlio old house were things of tlio past — that my homo was in many ways— although it was an ancient placo, and tho old prestige of its grandeur not quite faded — better than tho ono I left. I was bitterly chagrined, nnd complained to my husband — not reproachfully — I loved him too dearly for that, had as I was ! — but ho could not understand my feelings, although their revelation mado him uneasy and unhappy. Hu was contented with his simple life hero, and happy in it ; lie knew nothing of these miserable vain, sordid yearnings of mine. And so, little by little, nursing what I thought to bo my wrongs, I drifted away from nim ; and in doing tlmt, Norah, ray ruin was begun !' ' I don't want to dofend myself,' Una resumed, after another short pause, ' hut if I had a friend then in whom I coufd hsro confided, I might have been saved. But I find none. Edith Ardmore liad been married six months before myself ; and, before I had been a wife as long, shn was back at Kilchenora— a childless widow. She listed" mo then only less than sho lmtos mo now, and for Arran Dosmond's sake. He had been her lover once, but they quarrelled, and in pique sho married a man old enough to bo her father. She had thought, I imagine, that Arran would be her lover again. But alio saw rory soon that it was I, and not herself, who brought him to Kil clienora. 1 1 did not know it, Norah' — nnd for the first tinio Una raised her eyes — 'I swear that I did not. I thought it was friendship for my husband which made Arran Desmond drop the old feud be tween Fintragh and Kilchenora. Ho was handsome and fascinating — as accretive and silent as Godfrey was open-hearted and frank— a scamp at heart, and too wary to startle mo until his craft had msdo his gamo secure. Ho road all my discontent, all my vanity, nnd played skilfullv upon both. Ho talked to me of London, of London society, insinuating, what I felt myself, that I should ho a queen in society there could I but enter it— talked to mo of foreign countries thnt I longed to sec, pitied me for being shut up and lost in this gloomy old houso by tho sea ; ho craftily placed before mo my own thoughts, and transformed and distorted tlicm for his own finds. Ho Ho poisoned me with his flattery, always respectfully and carefully veiled, warped what little good there was within me, even turned Godfrey's lova for mo and mine for him intaa wrong, and so struck his traitor's blow at last. Hate, mo Norah,' Una cried, cowering, as sho again hid her faco upon the girl's breast— ' despise mo as I despise and loathe my self, for I promised to leave my home and desert for him tho husband who loved mo bo dearly, and to whom I clung cvon then with all my miserable heart. Strike mo to the ground, and let me lie beside his dead child— Godfrey's little daughter, whom ho never saw.' Una did not shed any tears, although her bosotn heaved convulsively, and her liands caught at her throat, as though in bet passionate self-abasement she would havo torn herself. Sho would have flung herself upon the floor but for tlio firm clasp which held and restrained her. ' Una,' Norah cried earnestly, almost entroatingly, 'you did not go.. My dear, you wore mad — besido yourself — I want no ono to tell mo that. You did not go f 'Better that I hod..douol' slio cried burying her face in her hands with a shudder. ' Oh, Norah, better Jar thnt I had, and that my husband had raised no hand to draw mo back 1 How it happened — if he was told or if he found it nut — I never knew ; but he came upon me, down in the great hall yonder, crossing It, as I thought, for the lust tinio— -came upon us both, my lover and myself ! My husband was not armed, and :Arran Desmond drew a knife upon him— I saw the blade shino in the moonlight. I spring forward for I had no thought bnt to help him then ; hut ho thrust mo aside. Tlioy struggled, and Godfrey wrested tho knife away. I saw it flash ngain, saw Arran Desmond fall with a groan, saw tliat ho, my husband, was a murderer for my miserahlo sake.' 'And then t' Norah asked breathlessly. Sho was carried away by the terrihlo story, and hardly realised that sho was listening to veritable truth. It sounded she thought, liko soma wildly-romantic fiction, not at all like a record of anything that could have really happened in this sad old houso by tho sea What then T alio whispered. ' What then, Unal' ' I was ill,' Una answered slowly — ' so ill that lor woeks — I may pay months — I know nothing. It wouldhave been well if I hod died ; hut it is never to thoso who want it that death comes, and I lived. When my senses came bock, and I could recall the horror of that night — which all the time had haunted me liko a frightful dream — they told mo the truth — that Arran Desmond was indeed dead, that my liusdand, appalled at the deed of which T, not lie, was guilty, lay in a sucide's grave— that Sir Amyrald's mind was overturned by tlio shock, and from then until the day of his death lie would bo what you hare known him — a helpless hopeless lunatic. That is what I awoke to, Norali; and yet I lived. Lifo is miserably tenacious, it seems, in such cutnbcrers of the ground ns I,' Una's voice died away in a shuddering wail, and for a whilo she lay in Norah's arms hardly less rigidly still than tho dead child beside her. Irresistibly the girl's heart echoed the cry which she hod uttered. Surely bettor for her, poor, beautiful, passionate, unhappy Una, tlmt she too Rliotild lio thus cold, scrono and peaceful. ' But for ono thing, Norah,' Una resumod, in a hushed awed whisper, rais ing her great bright eyes and tightening her clasp— 'but for one thing, I should have done as my husband did, nnd they might havo laid mo there beside him ! Only one thing held me back — I know that it was uot only my own lifo that I should take, and, desperate as I was, mod as I was, I was not, desperate enough or mad enough to tako that of my unborn child. She was horn, Norah; and, though with all my soul I hoped tlmt we might clio owl lio together bojido her (ether in his unhonoured grave, wo both lived. Oh,' sho cried with a passicuntc gesture, ' I would have died a thousand i lent lis to save her life ; nnd yet 'I know that to lie as she lies now is better a hundred times for her than any life which sho could lmvo lived, so clouded must it lave been with my slinnio nnd sin. llut, oh, my Molly, my Molly — my little baby! ' Ilcr tears hroko out again with violent sobs ; she sprang to licr fed, and, stretch ing out her hands with an inexpressibly mournful nnd desolate gesture, dropped upon licr knees besido (ho littlo wliito shrouded form. Norah, jcnccling besido her, presently drew thjs forlorn licnd tenderly upon her sliouhjer; hut it was not until tho wild sobbing had ccasod tlmt sho ventured to speak i , ' Dear Una,' . ,pei ed gently, 'you arc right. It in Yi! 'Jar, far better, for her to go as sho lift ..no — to go inncccnt and young, as it mj⁢ bo hotter for so many of us who livsdnly to lio unhappy. Louk at hor, the little darling, stooping so peacefully You cin always remember iier as alio is now, always love her as alio is now, and nover betortured, fearing that sho may suffer what you cannot shield her, or bo grieved wien you are not by to comfort licr. Inilcid, indeed it is far better as it is — better a thousand times for her.' ' I know — I know? Una sobbed, ' Rut, oh, Norah, stolen from mo from licr birth until her death — ncvci onco through all hcrlifotocaflntlicr'.' , '.Wh/,%.Land, fajrah wlslBpeved. SiT % iTCy > ?'" f.ou1, „ „ ' Why 1 Una -tew.- Jattcrly. ' Can t you guess. Nornh-can't'you understand! It was Edith who did it. For tho child's sake, bIio said — to save her from the dis- graco of such a mother as I, and from tho knowledge of her father in his suicide's grave, she would, if I consented to givo Molly up lionceforth, call tho child her own, and so spare her tho shame I had wrought.' 1 And it was dons 1' ' Yes — it was done. If I had then one pure thought loft in my heart, it waa for the child, who looked at lie with Godfrey's eyas. I gave her up, I kept my pledge, and Edith kept hers— 1 will do Iter that justice — although for flkht years sho lias tortured nio tliflbJfrthe only feeling loft tokccpine human. Ycu linvo seen her do it, Norali, never knWing why. Oh, child, if misery can cxpiato sin, I have expiated mine fully and. entirely beneath this most miscrabliTroot',. What I have suffered hero through tho weary days and haunted ghostly nights.' Would you not havo been happier away V Norali asked gently. ' Could you not leave tho placo which waa no dreadful to you 1 You were free 1' 'Frcol' Una echoed again, pushing tlio heavy hair off her temples. ' Yes — free as air, and yet hound and shackled hand and foot. That lias been the ingenious jinrt of my torture, Norah, for only here, in this horrible place, could I bo near iny child, It was Redmond's fault—poor boy 1 — you must not think that I am speaking of him ; lie pitied mo, young as lie was, and again and again interceded for me, urging his sister to quit Kilchenora and learo tho child to me. She woulif iiot— she was obdurate, hating mo as sho did. Only hero,, in tho liomc I liucTlbliahted, would she endure my presence, she sola, it sne leio no., slie would take niy. child, and wherever sho went t should never follow lier. That is the burning stake to which my sin bound me — ns horrible n ono as over martyr was chained to in this dreadful world.' She spoke no more, end, raising pre sently, gently uncovered the little placid faco, onco more kissing it, and motioning towards the door. Nomli understood the gesture, nnd went softly away, and left her, the desolate beautiful mother, kneel ing by the child whou only in death she had dared to claim. chaptIiT xvi NokAii Cash el, hurrying along tlio cor ridors and down tho stono staircaso of the old house, paid small heed to the direction in which licr feet took her. Tho passionate grief anil tender pity which she had contrived to hold in check during her interview with Una now broke loose and overwhelmed her. She dropped upon her knees before the great hall-lire, and, with licr faco hidden upon tlio faded leathern cushion of a deep arm-chair, sobbed unrestrainedly, unable for a time to control her emotions. Never in all her life— not even whenher father died — hnd her heart been so wring with sorrow and pity ns now. Sho could think only of the mother and deal child alnno in the still room up- stairs. Inexpressibly path etic, unspeakably sorrowful and sad, tlioy stood out in her memory, tho tragic clinmx of a weird nnd dramntic history. It grew almost dark; the firo had almost burnt itself out Presently a pale shaft of cold moonliglii shot through a window, nnd lay like n bright arrow across tho dark stono floor, for a peaceful night wus succeeding the clouded tempes tuous day. Onco or twiai a servant had passed through tlio hall hhe door leading to tlio north wing had bam opened and shut, and onco Mrs. Sabine's soft voice liad been audible ; but lib olih had dis turbed Norali, and no jnd liad noticed her crouching there upon lier knees. Sho rose at last, shivering anij faint — for sho had taken no food sitco tho eaily morning, when Moya liil brought hor soma tea and toast as slo sat by Una's side. Sho would get something to cat, she thought, passing licr isy fingers over her hot forehead, and rqlising for tho first tiino how cold nnd stff she felt ; sho would bo ill if she did not.l Perhaps Mrs. Sabino would want hor, lr Una — poor Una. She was turning awty towards the stairs, when she hastily shrank buck again into the gloom, and douched down in tlio great chair, for sho iid not want Redmond to see her as lkj slowly camo down tho stono steps, the was not strong enough or cahn eniigli to faco him just then. Ho would nldoubt cross the halt and disappear withintho portals of tho north wing, and woud nover sco her lying back there in tht desponing shadow. ( But ho did sco her. Sho jould liavo known ho did so by tlio quicll movomont he inado towards her, even jf no had not uttered her name, and she nso to meet him, trying to be calm and stqdy, grasp ing with ono hand the arm other chair. ' I did not know where ye were. I was looking for you,' lie stud. ' Pocs fire- aibino wool 1 0|' Jfofal; 'nquired. 'I think not,' ho said. 'Sho thinks you are with Unn.' ' I was with licr till a while ago. Docs alio require tno ngain 1 I'll go to her.' ' No, no,' Redmond returned, chocking her with a movement of his hand — ' there is no need of that. Una iB lying down— I persuaded hor to try to rest. Let hor slocp and forgot tlio woes of Kilchenora for a while, if she can.' _ . . 'You have been with Una!' exclaimed Norali. 'Tlion did she tell you — do you know ' 'That she has told you hor troubles 1' ho questioned gontly. ' Yes, sho told mo she had done so.' _ ' And you are not angry,' the girl said timidly, raising her oyes to Redmond's face. ' I could not help it. If I had tried to stop her, I should not liavo been able to do so. It was a relief to her to confido in nie, I think, if only bocause I had loved dear littlo Molly. ' I can woll understand that,' he said. ' And you aro not vexed 1' she repeated doprccatingly. ' You aro not angry 1' ' If I had to cliooso from all tlio world,' ho answorcd, ' ono who was to know our wretched story, I should havo picked out Norali Casltcl. And yet, sinco you first camo to Kilchenora, my dread haH' been that things would so fall out that you must inovitahly learn our secrets.' Oh, why should you dread that!' Norah cried, stretching out licr hand to him confidingly. ' Why should yoii say tliat! Why should you care when it makes no difference to mo 1' Thoy were silent for a while, each watcli- ingthodying fire ; thonNoralispoke, timid ly and doubtfully, glancing half fearfully around tho shadowy hall, upon tho flags of which Arran Desmond had dropped, stabbed to the heart by the hand of tlio brother of the man by her side. ' Was it all true I' sho asked, her voice sinking to a whisper, as instinctively sho drew closer to tho young man's side. ' It is so horrible. Can it all bo just ns Una told me 1' 'Yes,' Redmond answered steadily— it is all true — all 1' ' How did she live through it — how could sho V the girl murmured. ' I wonder tho agony nnd strain — the horror and remorse — did not kilt her 1' ' It would liavo been better far for her,1 lio returned sternly and yet not without pity, ' had sho died, Heaven knows !' ' Oh, yes, yes 1' Norah cried. 'I know it— I feel it. I love her, and I loved Molly, but I cannot kelp feeling tlmt it would ho a happier thing for her if wc could lay her down a dead woman beside her dead child. Oil, what sho must have suffered through all these dreadful years. Oh, poor Una 1' Norah would have nuuk down into tho chair again ns sho covered her eyes, but that Redmond's arms woro _ suddenly thrown around licr ; and, clinging to him, she sobbed upon his shoulder. She did not analyse the impulso which had made her net thus. To turn to Redmond Ard more for comfort nnd support seemed just then the only possible thing for her. She was conscious of no surprise even, for sho had known that lie loved her long before, and that sho had given him all her warmest love in return. Georgio Sint- rnra hod come to Castle Kilchenora as her lover, ,nnd it was not until she had ..in. i.i— — i i.» inul left her that Norah had vonturcd to. confess to herself that she loved Redmond Ardmore. Now she tried to check her emotion that she might tho better hear tlio words of love and sweet consolation he whispered in her car — words which she knew that she answered without speaking— and oxen reproached herself sharply that, in this sorrowful houso, whore death and despair reigned, her heart should leap with joy. But the joy was short-lived ; for the young man's arms fell from about lier as swiftly as thoy had clasped her, and upon his face, as ho stepped hack, tho firelight revealed an expression which mado her heart stand still. 'I am mad, Norali,' Redmond cried hoarsely — 'mad to touch you, nmd to speak to you. You mode me forget what I have remembered all my life. For Heaven's sake, forgive me, and forget my folly, if you can. I was a fool to dare to lovo you ; but I was a scoundrel to dare presume to tell you so. Forgivo me, if you can, nnd forgot it. I was mad !' He rushed away from her, nnd Norah, dozed anil stupefied, heard a door bang loudly behind liini. Sho turned towards tlio stairs, groping through the gloom, for tlio moon was over-slindowcd. A fiery mist seemed spread before hor burning eyes, and, ns she moved, slio tottered and fell, lying at tho foot of tlio wido stone staircase fainting nnd un-. conscious. There, shortly afterwards, the austere Ellen found her ns she crossed into tho sorvant's apartmonts, towards the north wing, and, having a kinder heart than one would have expected from so grim a face, the woman called loudly for assist- nneo as sho raised the girl's head upon her knee. So when presently Norah opened her oyes, she found herself laid upon the chintz couch in the house keeper's room, with her forehead nnd her loosened hair wet with aromatic lotions, and around licr a circle of scared sym pathetic fuces. She sat up, bewildered and wondering, looking pcrploxedly from one to another. ' You fainted away, miss,' said Ellen, coming forwurd and dispersing tho others authoritatively ; 1 and no wonder, I'm sure, seeing what you'vo been through tho last few days 1 No sleep and no food- will pull down any ono, let alone a littlo thing like you, my dear. Now the best thing you can do, Miss Casliel, is just to drink up this mulled wine and cat this morsel of roast chicken, and thon bo off to your bed and get a good sleep, for you'll be fit fur nothing till you've liad a long rest 1' Norah took tho tumbler which tho cnorgotic housekeeper held to her lips, and drank part of its fragrant contents, but she shook her head at tho plate. 'You are very kind, Ellen,' she said gently; 'but Im afraid I can't cat. Sleep seems the only thing I want ; and I think I'll tako your advice and go up stairs. You don't think that Mrs. Sabino wants mo.' ' No, miss, Slio has just had a hit of dinner, and told uio sho should want nothing clso.' 1 And Miss Una 1' Norah asked hesi tating. ' Slio is uslccp, miss. I looked into her room just now to seo if sho require) any> tiling, but slie waa sound off-' ' i am glad of that — sho too is worn .out with fntiguo.' Norah rose slowly, steadying herself against the lablo ; but her feet would not support her, and slie sank down again. ' I don't know how it is,' slio said, forcing a smile, ' but I feol so weak and .dizzy that I can hardly stand. I _ nover fainted beforo — I supposo tlmt is tlio reason. I think you must let mo stay hero for a littlo while, if you don't mind.' ' And welcome, I'm sure, miss !' said Ellen hospitably, as sho shook up tlio comfortahlo chintz pillows, nnd brought a great slmwl, which sho tucked com fortably round tho girl's feet. That done, alio would liavo loft the room, but that Norali stretched out her littlo cold hand and so detained licr. 'Tell me,' slio said — 'I hnvo had no clianco of asking before — how is Sir Aniy- rald to-day V Well, Miss Coshel,' said tho house keeper doubtfully, glancing at Norah's palo face, ' I don't know that I ought to tell you, all upset as you'vo been; hut since you'vo asked me, I may as welt say that ho won't Hvo till morning, if I'm anything of a prophet, or until tho night turns, if you come to that. Sinking fast, miss.' Tlio woinau then left tho room ; and Norali, nestling down among tlio pillows, closed hor heavy oyes and tried to sleep — but in vain. Littlo deed Molly, lying still and beautiful, Unn, and Una's story —above all, that sceno enacted but a short time ago by tho hall fire, and which, but for the poiguant (win it hod left at her heart, might havo been n fragment of a dream, haunted licr, and, keeping ovcry nerve nlcrt, drove sleep away. Not for a moment could sho lose consciousness, and at Inst, pushing her wraps away impa tiently, and pressing her liand over lier eyes, sho stood up. ' I feel like Unr,' slio muttered ; ' tlio house seems to choke me — I can't breathe. Shnll I go out for n littlo 1 Perhaps my head would not hum so, and I could think out there in the air.' She looked about her doubtfully, seeking for somo wrapper which alio could throw- over her dress, nnd saw, hanging over tlio back of a clinir near her, a long fur-lined cloak. It was her own, which sho had got damp nnd muddy in tho park a few days beforo, and which she hnd sent down by Moya to ho brushed. It liad a largo silk-lined hood, which she drew over her roughened hair. Then slio stole across the inill, opened tho side-door, and stepped out into the moonlight. The stillness of the nigbt was broken by nn sound hut tho soft sighing of the breeze and tlio murmuring wash of the waves ; tho moon sliono brightly, throwing every massive tree-trunk and 'every gaunt limb into strong roliof against the clear purple of the sky. The night was so beautifully tranquil ami serene; so quiet and peaceful, that, although its influence brought the tears into tho girl's eyes main, it yet soothed and comforted lier. Tlio cool nir relieved her burning head, while tho silcnco soothed her aching heart, and so, worn out ns she was with sorrow, excitement, nnd luck of rest, slio lingered in tlio moonlight outside, unwill ing to enter tho gloomy house — the sad house, where a desolate mother wept for her child and mi old man lay dying. Oil, if only slio could got away, slio thought, and find refuge 111 soma distimtj tilm-" where tho very names of the Ardmorcs of Kilchenora wcro unknown — if only alio could full asleep and wake whon this sharp gnawing pain at her heart was hushed and still. Could even Una's heart, sho wondered, ache with a keener sonso of utter misery 1 Norah, wandering on, heeding nothing hut tlio tranquility and licauty of the night, hnd crossed the brood gravel sweep, and was walking among tlio thick treas. In a tiny clearing slio pausod and looked upward at tho moon sailing slowly through the deep expanse of blue mid at the bare swaying branches of tlio trees. Then sho suddenly recoiled, and the cry which she would liavo uttered died nway upon her lips, for from behind a huge tree-trunk a figure suddenly emerged, and, putting a hand upon her shoulder, in a deep stern voice uttered ono word — 'Unal' CHAPTER XVIL ' Desmoxu of Fintragh !' In lier astonish ment and fear Norali was so sure that it must bs this mnn that she all but uttered tlio name aloud. Rut tier voice fell to an indistinct whisper, and even that faint sound, as she swiftly raised her startled oyes died away into silence. For the limn who had uttered Una's name, and whose touch still rested upon lier urm, was not Desmond of Fintragh. The faco into which the girl looked was young, and, though sunburnt, linggard, and weary, was, with the crisp dark locks clustering about the square forehead, tlio short thick beard nnd heavy moustache that hid the mouth nnd chin, even hand some ; mid surely the dark eyes, looking half wonderiugly, half incredulously into hers, were as familiar to iter as was licr own reflection in the gloss. And this man's face, though older and more lined, and less gaunt and melancholy, with an expression telling more of passion than of- patience, wns Redmond's fuce. The girl shuddered and turned cold. Tho terrible' story to which sho had listened but an hour or two ago, the neglected gravo in the solitary glade, Una's wild cry of lust night, ' A ghost, Norali — a ghost 1' all rushed in upon her memory at once, and for ono dreadful moment held her motion less and duiuh. The next, she had freed herself from tho man's grasp with a piercing sercaui, and was flying across the gravel sweep. The side-door was ujar as sho had left it, and she pushed it open and rushed iu, dizzy and ready to fall upon tho threshold. But an arm caught, steadied, and held her, and she raised wido frightened eyes to Redmond's face. 'What is it 1' ho said. 'What is itl What lias frightened you 1' ' I don't know 1' sho panted. 1 1 don't know 1 There is some one out there— out among tho trees I Somo ono liko you, but browner and older — some ono who took mo for Una 1 ' Out among tlio trees I' Was' hor oxcitomcnt, hor fear infectious. Her faco was not' whiter than Redmond Ardmoro's, tho trembling which shook her was not stronger than the shudder that convulsed liiui. In a moment he had put hor into tlio great chair by tho fire, had whispered earnestly and eagerly, 'Say notliipg, aqd wait fie re until ( vtnuohack, for Hcavon's sake I' and had wildly darted away. ... . With her faco hidden in tlio folds ot hor cloak, and shivering in spito of tho warmth of the firo, Norah remained crouched in tho great chair as Redmond had left her — for how long sho could not havo told ; lier mind was too confused to tako count of tiino. It might have beon ten minutes, it might liavo been an hour, when' sho heard footsteps outside, and started up sHftlv. Redmond entered, crossed the b«ll, uml stood boforo lier. Sho would ha- asked him somo question but tlio look on his faco cheeked her. ' Norali, for Una's sake, will you lielp mo 1' he asked. , What can I do I' tho girl faltered, putting out her hand appealinglv. Ho seized it and grasped it tightly, looking intently at lier. ' Listen — try to understand. You rem ember tho story that Una told you 1' ' Yes I' ' I said that it was true, and it was hut not all truo, although sho has never known that it was not so, and must not know it. I daro not trust her — I daw not trust Edith now, although Edith knows. There is 110 ono thut I can con fido in but you. For Una's sake, for Edith's — I don't daro to ask you for myself — will you help me 1' 'Yes. But what is it 1 I don't under stand 1' ' You shall do so in a moment. That grave in the glado by the pool ' ' Yos I1 cried tho girl breathlessly. 'No one lies there.' It was well that Redmond was holding tho girl's linnd tightly— hut for its support sho might havu fallen. But she hail recovered herself in a moment, and stood looking nt him with a faco as white as his own. ' Do you understand 1' Redmond said, in an eager ogitated whisper. ' Godfrey . never killed himself, he would have dono so,J but that I snatched the knifo away. He waii smuggled abroad, where he has lived ever sinco, and tho mock funeral wascarriixl out by Driscoll's aid. Una never knew — wc dared not trust her ; in her cxci&ment; and passion she would hnvo betrayed tho secret, and that danger we dared not risk, for my brother's life hinged upon it. Uliek Desmond was never thoroughly deceived ; ho has been and is absolutely implacable. His one idea for oight years has been to avenge the death of his son, traitor and scoundrel as the villaui was. Tho old man hns always hnd auspicious — has always sus pected thnt grave to lie a fraud — as it is. That is why lie has lurked about tlio park. Ho 1ms bcon to mo — to us— a terror and a torturo for Godfrey's sake: ami yet for very fear I liavo been forced to endure it. Now tho end has come, unless you will help mo.' 'What can I doT said Norali shrink- ingly, nnd trying, to draw away her hand, Hi haggard eyes seemed to read repul sion null aversion iu her face, und his clasp tightened. ' For Heaven's sake,' ho cried, ' be merciful. I know what you are feeling — I can sco how you shrink. But:?' implore you. Remember all tlio cir cumstances. Remember that iny brother has a fiercely-passionate' temper and but little self-control — tlmt lie adored his wifo intensely, absorbingly. Remember that ho bcljqvcd the .traitor, who would havo v butruyed licr, to ho his friend ; think how lie was unarmed, and how Arran Dc.v niond rusljed upon him with a weapon. Do not forget that it was lifo against life, and that tlio deed wq« done in a moment, without the' slightest permeditation. Tliink bf what hot Blood and mad jealousy can do, and help her husband, for Una's sake.' JO, you aro mistaken,' Norah cried quickly. 'I wns not thinking tlmt I would not help you if I coulJ— never tlmt. Why do you say thnt the end has come unless I help youl Wlmt immediate danger does your brother stand in !' 'Tlio danger of being arrested and tried for murder. Uliek Desmond has suspicions of his being here— perhaps lias oven seen him now— for it was Godfrey, her husband, whom Una saw in the glado last night, although I could not find him then ; and the police are after liini now. Every moment brings the danger nearer.' 'But nftefl so ninny years,' Norali faltered, trying to understand tho situa tion thoroughly, 'cun they tako him at onco 1 On whoso authority V ' Upon Uliek Desmond's own— he is a magistrate. Will yon help me! Between us wo may save him. Ho was mad to eomo here— ay, and worse tlmn mad.' ' Why did ho do so 1' asked tho girl involuntarily. (to he continued.) 