[?] [?] [?] [?] a [?] p-! ASslSSSaiiP »>' IN THE \NEEKLfTlMts". Pursued by the Law. By J. MACLAREN COBBAN, AatVor of "The Red Sultan," "The Avenger of Blond," "Wilt Thou Have This Woman?" "Her Royal Highness's Love Affair," "The Tyrants of Kool-Sim," "The White Kaid of the Atlas," "The Burden of Isabel," &c.;, &c.; SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. CHAPTERS I. and II.— James Graham, a vouns: and strong man, works at the Fother- iiigay Engine Works. Ho -is visited by his father, a scamp who had neglected his wife and son, and of whom both stood iD dread, and had left. James Graham told him that he ould not see him in business hours. On go ing home, he is horrified to find the dead body n f his father Ivine- on the fleer of his home. His mother -tolls him that bis father had coma to the house, and, falling on the rug, had aught liis head ou the tender, and had died. A stranger appears at the house, and asks af ter the elder Graham, the con saying that hd liad gone. The latter resolves to inform the police, and take the blame of tbe fatalitv on iiis own shoulders, to screen his mother. His sweetheart approves of his determination, and he leaves the house for the purpose. CHAPTERS III. to V.— Nellie Clcmance waits for licr lover, but ho does not return, and she then ascertains that ho has been detained at the police ofiiee. A Coroner's inquest is held on the body, and a verdict of "Manslaughter" itl uinc J against James Graham. CHATTER V.— THE NEEDLE-GUN. Hut the sensations of the day were not yet at an end. When Nelly re turned home she went first to the Gra ham house to see how the mother was. There she found the detectives again, with tic doctor, making a new examina tion of the corpse. The explanation of that she did not know till next morning, when all the world read in the news papers that the police had made a, fresh discovery upon information anonymous ly conveyed. It was some little while before it was fully revealed what that sliange information had been. This it was. A short anonymous communica tion, written in a round school-boy hand — which had a suspicious look of being feigned— had been received by the Police-Inspector through the post. It ran thus: — "You are all Wrong. The young man didn't do it. It wasn't done the way you think. Before you put the man called Kobcyt Graham under ground look at him again. You will see that he has been shot. You should have found that out at first." # The result of that astonishing and mysterious assertion, that Robert Gra ham bad been shot, was more astonish ing «'-ill. The body of the deceased Ro- l ben Graham was carefully explored by I the divivisional surgeon. There was no I sign of a bullet or shot wound, and the I su'.gvon was about to cease his search, I with tbo opinion that the anonymous I letter was a hoax, when he found on the I left of the back, m the neighborhood of I the heart, a singular reddish mark, like I an eniarged flea-bite. On examining I that closely he found that the skin was I broken, and on fingering more closely I ntiil if discovered there was something I buried there! A second or two's ex- I hloraiion with his instruments, and he (hew out a steei thing which was shaped I bke a darning or carpet needle, but flat- icned nr.d rounded at the end! From I the wound thus left open flowed a drop I i',Vl) of blood and serum! I 'This is most extraordinary!" said the doctor. ".Shot? How could he have been 'dint with this?" I j"'0 Young and ambitious detective, mall, in looking and searching aiounu, found thrust into the umbrella jlii iid, among walking-sticks and um- uciias, a small gun, something like a 'aihiiio. 1 ts barrel, however, was not a '.in el in ihe ordinary sense, but five or I Kltr' tubes of the thickness of lo- I RCto ,jles bound together. The bore I luoos was just great enough to ',,:r-it such a thing as the singular "die-shot. I n,'1 eaid he, "if this has any- lh'i>S to do with it." I J in'!U'le< fr the old servant Liz I r,v!1i\V'U:i c1' 'v'ding attendance upon Mrs I lirr lai" a i10sPital nurse), and on I ' wii a')1" £u'inS'. he asked her if she knew H ..!ff lllf; sun was. r.oi '1!' 1j .'le sure 1 do," she answered, j$£.h. vnr'""ing, as yet, why they were in lie ni asa'n- "It's Mister James's: I' isii-o V'1 Iliss<?n- Just for play. For 1 to tv. ' 'i- 11SH there." And she pointed n tllP XVa11 a'J0Vl? the um- "fh' V,U ever seo'1im shoot with it?" to ' "fy'st tha?" She was about "lie W'1'1 but of a sudden H in» "tine suspicious that she was be- H ail<t she broke off with Elin-,1 , ' t I!" And she looked ob- m : and defiant. tbe .n1('',?Uve examined the gun, so. did kas !i C'lr' so did the doctor. ikow . "Thorn-11 how was a shot fired? s nothing like trying," said the young man, and going out into the back yard (to dissipate the sound of the ex plosion in the open), he pulled the thing ( like a trigger and aimed at tbe hack door. There was a low hiss like that of escaping steam, and a ping! And there, stuck deep in the wood of the back door, was such a needle-shot as had been ex tracted from the body of Robert Gra ham' "It's an air gun!" exclaimed the doc tor. I "Of a new kind," said the detective; | "a revolver." j "He must be a clever fellow," said the | Inspector, shaking his he'ad. "I'm sorry for him; he's in a worse hole than ever now." "Must the Coroner's business be done over again?" asked the young detective, with some uneasiness. "The Treasury," said the elder and more experienced man, "may get out a writ of certiorari for the Coroner to sit again, but I don't think so. It ought to he good enough to let the young fellow go to trial on the present charge, with this new business to back it up." "What I should like to know," said the doctor, "is who thought it worth while to write that anonymous letter and give the young man away." "Ah!" said the two detectives; that and no more. They c-yed the doctor, and they eyed each other; they each had an opinion — a theory — which they were not at the moment prepared to communicate. CHAPTER VI.— MR TOWNSHEND OF JERMYN STREET. It was plainly become a desperate situa tion in which Jame3 Graham was placed. It was all the more hazardous and exas perating that, since -he was not truly the responsible person, since he truly had seen nothing, he could give no explanation of the new circumstances; he could only speculate concerning them as others d'd. As for his faithful sweetheart, little Nelly, she was at her wits' end when she knew of the anonymous letter and the dis covery exsuing thereupon. And she could for some lime discuss the matter only with Liz; for her lovc-r was not accessible, and Mrs Graham, still tossing in her fever, re- ma'ned unaware of all that had happened and of all that was happening. And Liz did not help much towards a solution of the mystery. "I do wonder," Nelly' said, "if mother could have fired that thing off." "Not her!" said Liz. Then with convic tion and satisfaction, "It was nobbut a judgment on that man!" "But even if she had done it," said Nel ly, nursing her own line of thought, "she couldn't have written the letter; that must have been written by some one who saw it done — or, perhaps, who did it!" And her suspicion flashed upon the strange gentleman called Townshend of 25, Jcrmyn street though why he should have done it she could not guess. "A man," he continued to Liz,, "could easily have come in qu'etly, for you had left the door latched back." "Now give over, 'ooney!" said Liz. "Wheer's t' use o' turning thy head inside out guessing conundrums like them? It's as plain to me as my hand that it was t' finger o' G'od Almighty!" "What?" said Nelly. "You mean that God pulled the trigger and fired the gun?" "And what for not?" demanded L'z, in dignantly. "Bain't God Almighty's judg ments wonderful and past finding out, as f Book says? And wasn't Robert Gra ham just as bad as bad could be?" "And I suppose," said Nelly, ironically, "God Almighty wrot-. that letter too?" "Well," cried Liz, "and couldn't He ? He has written a rnort o' things about Moses and t' prophets, and it wouldna be so much v.-i' one dip' o' lis pen to write yon bit"o' a letter!" .LAese views iid not encourage Nelly to pursue" speculation any further with the aid of Liz. But, brave and resolute little heart as she was, she formed a great and grave resolution. She had already addressed a civil little letter, in her lover's behalf, to Townshend, Esq.. 25 Jermyn street," and she thought that, having done so 1 much, she m'ght do more. Mr Towns- 1 bend was evidently well-disposed to her lover— from whatever cause— and ready to do him a service; if she saw him face to face, she might lie able to judge what kind of "gentleman" ho was; might get some guidance or light from him in the dark ness of this mystery; and, in short, might J derive several advantages which were not quite clear to her yet. At any rate, she made up her impulsive and resolute little mind to go to Mr Townshend's address, and she went. Mr Townshend, about seven o'clock that evening, sat in his rooms in Jermyn street, talking to his "man," and keeping the thought of dressing in his mind. "Yes, Marquis," said the man; "and what jewellery?" "It's at the Savory— with Mr Barnato and that lot. No, Mortimer, we won't he vulgar. I'll wear nothing but the Czar Alexander's diamond ring." "Yes, Marquis," said Mortimer (who, though an old valet, was active and at tentive): "that will be nobby. It will take the shine out of them." "The devil!" exclaimed Mr Townshend. who was running his eye through the extra special of "The Globe." "Here's a new lip about that man Graham! Read it. Mortimer." Mortimer read che published news of the anonymous letter and the discovery which ensued thereupon, while Towns hend pulled his thick moustache in care ful thought. "When Mortimer had finish ed and handed back the paper, Towns hend looked up, tossing back the black lock which fell upon his forehead, and, showing, with that and his long throat containing a very pronounced Adam's apple, a head strangely like that of a Polish fowl. That construction of head and throat gave him a remarkably deep and vibrant voice, which in its higher notes made you think of the sound of a fog-horn off a very dangerous coast. "What do you think of him, Mortimer? — of his chance's after that?" he asked. "Chances, Marquis? I think he'll have to be one of us — and a lucky good chance, too!" "I think so, Mortimer. 'Pon my soul, I'm sorry for him." "You are for everybody. Marquis." "And a clever fellow, too!" Townshend continued, without heeding Mortimer's remark. "Just think of that gun, Morti mer — his own invention! A real needle- gun! Perfect safety with it, eh?" "Yes, Marquis-'" said Mortimer, nodding in admiration. "But he'll be one of us yet, Marquis; there's no doubt about it. You'll manage it, Marquis!" "Did I hear our bell ring, Mortimer?" said Townshend. "I'll see, Marquis," said Mortimer, and went off. , In a minute or so he returned. "A lady wishes to see you, sir." "A lady?" "Yes, sir; seems a nice enough little person. But she has never been here before." "All right. Show her in. And, Mor- mer." "Yes, sir." "Put my clothes out in there. I shall want to dress in a few minutes." Mortimer was a discreet servant, with furtive step and drooping eye, and after introducing the visitor, he retired so soft ly that he seemed to melt away," like an unsubstantial ghost. It was a little lady— pretty and piqu- ante — that Townshend received with an impressive bow as she crossed his thres hold. "Perhaps it is rude me." said she in a tone at once frighied but resolute, "to call on you like this." "Charmed, I'm sure," said Mr Towns hend, with another bow, and placed a chair. "Delighted. Miss — er — ?" "My name is Clemanee,'' said Nelly bravely; "I wrote a note to you on Mr Graham's account." "Ah, to be sure — Miss Clemanee,"' said he; and a new kindly politeness as well as a new attention seemed to animate his manner and his voice. "Won't you put off that damp cloak? It is a horrid wet night. Allow me." He lifted the fur cloak from her shoulders and spread it over the back of a chair. 'You are Mr Townshend," salcl she, looking at him in frank scrutiny, when they had sat down opposite each other. "I am— at your service, Miss Clem anee." "I heard from — from him— Mr Graham — how you appeared at the door ihat first dreadful night." said she. "Excuse me," said he, "but do. you come to me from Mr Graham?" "No," she answered, a little put out, and blushing in her perplexity. "I have come just because I suddenly thought I would. I thought— I thought- — " "Oh, be at your ease, pray, about that. I only wished to know if Mr Graham had asked you to come. If I can serve you, be assured I will." "It's him I want -you to help. Mr Townshend!" she-broke out. "You seem- j ed so kind and generous in the way you i wrote to him I have ventured to come an(j asji you! I am bewildered. I don't I understand this that has happened. Per- j haps you do. You know, I think— or, guess — that Mr Graham had nothing to do with it at all; that it wan all over, whatever it was, when he got home — that — " "My deai- Miss Clemanee," he inter rupted, "is it quite fair to put all that to me without Mr Graham's permission? He went himself, without any compulsion, I presume, to the police, and made a certain statement; if he means to stick to that statement — and I suppose he does — what good purpose can be served by our going behind it?" "Oh, I don't know!" she said, clasping her hands in her lap. "Perhaps I have done wrong. But I know he is ipnocent, and I want to save him. I would take his place if I could." "Come, come," said Mr Townshend, soothingly and kindly. "Bear up. You are a brave young lady. I'm sure. Be tween ourselves I don't mind admitting that I know Mr Graham to he innocent. That is very agreeable to know, because it makes us admire him; but it doesn't help us to get him off." "It may," said she, briskly, "because you must be sure he did not let off that gun; who did, then?" "Ah, who?" said he, regarding her. "We can find out, surely!" "We can try. But we may fall. Let me point this out to you, Miss Clemanee. An ordinary detective can no more work without a theory than a— a clergyman can preach without a tcyft. You may be sure that the fixed theory of the detectives in this is that James Graham killed his father, either on purpose or by accident. A new fact more or leas won't turn them away from that theory: it will only make them squeeze the fact to fit the theory. Here they have little difficulty ; the gun was Mr Graham's own. And I venture to declare that they have already made up their minds that James Graham himself fired that shot — if," he added, with his odd flutter of a smile, "you can say fire a shot, when the business was done with air and a needle." "But how unjust that is in them!" she exclaimed. "My dear Miss Clemanee," said he, "the business of detectives is not to do justice, but, having got hold of a man, to get him convicted. They don't mean any harm; it is just in the way of busi ness." "But," she cried, "what about the letter? Even if James might have fired the gun he can't- have written the letter! They must be very stupid if they can't see that!" "They are stupid. Most people are stupid. And then you know the saying, 'None are so blind as those who won't see.' " "Do you really and truly think they won't see it," she asked, in dismay. "From all I know of that kind of pe.rson — and I know a good deal, Miss Clemanee —I should, really and truly, say they won't see it. But," he made haste to add, on noting how downcast she was, "'you mustn't let that dishearten you. After all, the matter will rest with a jury, and we must get a clever counsel that will pre sent things in their proper light, and their true relation, and convince the twelve. I know the very man." "Yuu seem to know everybody, Mr Townshend," she exclaimed; "I mean everybody useful. It is very kind of you indeed. I don't know why you are so kind." "Well," said he, in his most sonorous, vibrant tones, "I have a weakness for cou rage; I like lo see a man— or a woman — brave enough to do something without counting the cost to themselves. I con sider Mr Graham that kind of man, and I take the liberty of admiring him. And then, in a case like this," said he, show ing again that flutter of a smile under his thick moustache, "I can't help being some thing of a philanthropist." "What are you really, Mr Townshend?" asked Nelly, impulsively! "Oh," she cried, blushing, "I didn't mean to say that! L was thinking it, and it came out. I mean, I was wondering if you were a great mail of some kind— a great Government official, perhaps; because you seem to know every body, and seem confident of tills all ending easily for James— Mr Graham. Do you mind my asking what you are?" He laughed a little — a deep bark br two —and pulled his moustache, and pushed back gently the crest of black hair from his forehead. "I am," said lie, with that odd smile, " — er— a Socialist,. Miss Clemanee." "Oh," she cried, with enthusiasm; for, being a girl of warm heart and active opinions, she had cultivated an admiration for that kind of person, "are you? Then you know Mr Bernard Shaw?'!. "Shaw? Shaw? The Fire Brigade ? —I know whom you mean: a man that "writes; no, I don't know him." "But he is a Socialist." "Ah," said Townshend, and again -that » _ ' smile fluttered, "I am a practical Socialist; he's a theoretical one." These were the words which hung in Nelly Clemance's ear after she had lefl this man who so strangely interested her, with his mystery and his politeness, lib kindness, and his evident sense of power. As she descended the stairs she felt pleas ed and satisfied with him and her inter view; and yet, when she came to reflect, she had grained nothing but a large, though vague, promise of help. As Nelly descended the stairs she met ascending a tall and fashionably dressed lady, who stared at her, and she wondered if she also were about to visit Mr Towns hend. CHAPTER VII.— SENTENCED. "Miss Bolsover, sir," said Mortimer, ushering at once the fashionably dressed lady into Mr Townshend's presence. "Oh!" said Townshend, looking at Ills watch. "Don't— please don't— look at the time. Fred," pleaded Miss Bolsover, who came pat upon Mortimer's soft and furtive an nouncement; "it makes me feel as if I were intruding, and I'm sure you don't wish me to feel like that." ' And she laughed a gay ripple of laughter, like Mrs Bancroft in the part of Lady Teazle, or of . Lady Fairfax in Diplomacy. She put up her veil, and threw open the high collar of her sealskin coat, showing a well-featured face, touched with color which was not native, a pair of fine, full grey eyes, and a mass of bright hair, which in its exceed ing dryness and fiuflincss seemed not in nocent of the dyer's art. "My dear Florence," said Townshend, "in half an hour I ought to be sitting down at dinner in The Savoy." . "And my dear Fred," said Miss Bols over, again laughing, "in half an hour I must be in my place' on the stage; so thai I am even in a greater hurry than you. By the way, who was the little person I met on the stairs? She seemed rather pretty; I fear you're a sad fellow, for all your pretended indifference to ladies' society." w-Mh'yeS'" said I,e' £,anclng at her without embarrassment. "I suppose vou must have met her. That was the young fellow Graham's, sweetheart — Bob Gra ham's son, you know, who is in prison on the charge of causing his father's death. She came to mo, quite unex pectedly, to beg me to help to clear up her lover's case." "Dear girl!" exclaimed Miss Bolsover her manner changing to seriousness. How sweet and devoted of her!" And there came the suspicion of a tear in her eye. "But how did she know anything about you?" . , "Well," said Townshend, "I happened to send him a note of admiration — ad miration of his conduct. I have good reason to believe, you know, that he's innocent of the whole tiling, and that he took it upon himself to shield ,a wo- man—liis mother, in fact."' Their looks met. Townshend's eye glass shining like a lamp, something in the gaze of each other holding the other. "How odd!" said Miss Bolsover. "I have suspected the same sort of thing mysqlf. But it is odder still that I should # have come oil much the same errand as the young man's .sweetheart! I don't mean I'm in love with him. God forbid that I should be in love with any man! But it is monstrous that the young man should suffer, even if he had put an end to such a poisonous sweep as Bob Gra ham was!" Her face grew pale with vindictive passion, her voice rang loud and clear, and her lips in their stage liabit shaped every word with distinct and vibrating energy. Townshend's eyeglass glim mered and shone as he regarded her and pulled his moustache in thought. "I am growing very angry, you think, Fred," she said, with a laugh, and her tones lost their ringing, steely hardness, and became soft as the flow of milk. "But Bob Graham was not a nioe man, now, was he?" "Bob Graham," said Townshend, quietly, "had some useful qualities, but he wasn't a gentleman." "It is true, Fred," said she, plainly putting a restrain on herself. "He was not a deai', kind creature like you; he had the eye of a vicious horse. I know. But let us say no more about him. Where's the good ? The point is," and she laughed a little forced laugh, "that I come to the dear, good, clever man now, and say, 'Please, Fred, get that young man off.' " "Get him off!" said Townshend, still pulling his moustache. "I have an unaccountable, unreason able desire to see him outef this trouble, though I don't know him from Adam!" she ran on. "And I shall die of a mis- erable, wretched, broken heart 'If you' don't get him off." , "My dear Florence," said he, surrepti tiously looking at his watch, "I may talk to you more frankly than I could to that girl who has just gone." For an instant she looked troubled; and than she said, "Certainly. You have known her five minutes; you have known me as many years." "Well, young Graham can't be got off. .The cleverest pleader in London couldn't get him off. You have read the. latest facts of the case, of course?" She nodded. "Well, don't you see, granted the situation in which he puts himself, he must have fired that shot? He was there ail the time, by bis own account. He must, therefore, have been there when the gun was used, and "yet he said nothing about it Why? Because he used it himself!" "Oh, dear me!" she exclaimed, with concern; "I didn't think of that. But what about the letter?" "He got his sweetheart to write it, stupidly thinking in that way to set the police off on a wild-goose chase after another person — I mean that is the offi cial view," said he. "Oh!" she cried. "You really think so?" "I am sure of it," said he. "You are far too clever!" she ex claimed. "But," she continued, quick ly, "if he can't possibly get off if he comes to trial, he must never come to trial!" Townshend flashed the light of his eye-glass on her. "You must get him out of prison by hook or by crook, by force or stratagem! Don't tell me, Fred, that you can't do it! You can do anything you like in those ways. I know you can. I think you are Vautrin, Monsieur Lecoq, and Sherlock Holmes rolled Into one!" "You flatter me, Florence," said he, rising. "But both your time and mine is absolutely up. I must think the whole thing over. Come again to-morrow; or, better, I shall come to you in the after noon." "Do," said she. And they shook hands and parted. Mr Townshend proved to be right. The February Sessions had begun at the Old Bailey, and the trial of James Graham was set down for an early date. There was no .whisper that the prosecution had discovered another person implicat ed, or even the writer of the anonymous letter; nor was there any sign that the police were trying to make any such discovery. "I told you," said Mr Townshend to Miss Bolsover — "I ventured to prophecy because I believed I knew— that the police are satisfied they hoid in James Graham everybody that is really con cerned in R.G.'s death." And to Nelly Clemance he said, "It seems hopeless to try to find that other person— all the more hopeless that no body but ourselves believes in the ex istence of any other persdh." Did ho mean by that, Nelly asked herself, that he had been trying to find that person, and had. failed? Or, had he not tried? But had he the means or the desire to try? Whether or not lie had the means or desire to effect that result, he at least presently showed he had both strong de sire and adequate means to defeat the intention of the law. He had promised Miss Bolsover, and he won Miss Clem ance to the design, that Graham should not come to trial. His plan was ready, and it was a sufficiently daring and simple one; nothing less than to abstract Graham, by a crafty device, from the prison van when being driven to the Court for his trial, and his agents were prepared to carry the plan out, when it came to nothing through the refusal of Graham to bear his share in it. "No. I'm going to face the trial, Nelly," said Graham, doggedly, to his sweetheart, when she had, in one of her periodical interviews at the prison, set Towns' W.d's scheme before him. If l escape like that I shall be a hunted out- v cast for ever. I shall go through with It," he said, "and take my chance of ac quittal by an intelligent judge and a sen sible jury." "Oh, acquittal, Jim?" moaned his des pairing sweet-heart. "Are you still hop ing for that? Everybody says that is im possible." _ Prison had already had its due effect upon a man like Graham. He had become obstinate and morose, and alternately dog gedly hopeful and hopelessly downcast. "Does everybody say that?" he asked bitterly. "Then everybody is wrong;- for nothing is impossible, not even my con demnation. But I don't. believe it, Nelly! I can't believe it! You know the truth, Nelly. Do you think, if there is a good God that counts every hair of your head and that knows every dead sparrow, that He can possibly let me be condemned?" (To be continued.) 