The Ghosts of t Gully. Gohanna By Mrs. Donald Macdonald. Billy Dixon was the ugliest boy in Gohanna Gully, and poor as a blind goat. He was freckled and red baired, his face, flat as a dinner plate, was fiery like the setting sun in summer; his mouth was like a gash in a water melon; his teeth protruded, and his large ears were like flaps on the side of his head. Billy was seventeen, and a romantic and ambitious youth who spent his small wages in books. He was a student of Latin and Greek, had read as many of the works of the poets as he could buy, beg, or borrow; he was also a walking library of scientific reference. Billy had much imagination, and a thorough belief in the ghost stories his mother, an Irishwoman, used to tell him in his youth. He was employed to feed the stampers at a rich mine, and, by preference, was always on the night shift. What visions he saw in the engine fires, what wonderful dreams were his when, in the long hours before dawn, he studied the stars like astrologers of old. Billy believed in astrology as thoroughly as he believed in ghosts and geology. In the clang and hammering of the stampers, he heard music of the most weird kind, and years afterwards, when he became a notable man, used to declare the refrain of the stampers more soothing to him than a Wagnerian opera. A boy friend of Billy often shared his night watches, but Dick Halligan did not understand any of his friend's rhapsodies, his quotations from the poets or his impromptu lectures on astronomy. "Aw, rats!" was Dick's usual criticism on Billy's learned lecturettes, which sounded strange from the lips of a boy feeding engine fires at- midnight. Dick either fell asleep to avoid Billy's outbursts. or attempted to practice on a wheezy old concertina, for he declared he could hear a whisper above the familiar sound of engines and stampers. "I could hear a goat think in the engine house," he used to say. Dick was at last paid to watch Billy at his work after an exciting incident. One night Billy was studying the Southern Cross, and calculating how long would be the flight of a spirit from the furthest starry world of that constellation to "earth, when his dream was interrupted by a sound like the * flight of ten thousand birds—-a whirring, rushing noise that made his wiry red hair stand on end. While the fires were burning fiercely, water in the engine boiler was gradually becoming lower. Billy had forgotten all about his work of keeping the boiler full. He rushed to the steam gauge. It was empty. The hissing of steam from the heated boiler was a fearsome warning that in a few seconds there would be an explosion. Billy was courageous and impulsive. He ran to the furnace, which was half full of blazing logs and glowing coals. He swung back the iron door, plunged his arms into the blaze, and with his bare hands raked out the fire. "Thank God, I was just in time!" he said, and dropped on the floor, his hands and arms burnt and bleeding. One bright moonlight night both boys, standing near the poppet heads, saw something in a dam at the foot of the hill that first scared, then puzzled them. As \hey looked down they saw many men diving into the water, and as each man dived with strange deliberation, wavelets, shining like silver, sprayed and splashed over them in a sparkling shower. There seemed an endless procession of these stranp-e midnight bathers. They made no noise, and just the faintest splash of water could be heard at intervals as the night wind blew from the dam in gusts. The Midas mine was in a particularly lonely spot. The month's cleaning up was just over, and a big quantity of gold was about to be sent away by the escort that left the township for Melbourne every few weeks. Everybody knew the arrangements of all the mines for sending away their gold, and not more than a year previously a big gold robbery had occurred from, the Midas mine. On the assumption that another would not be made again, the two boys were left at night with no other arms than their own, supplied by nature, and at the mercy of any burglar that chose to come along. "If these men are gold robbers, why do they want to bathe, though?" said Dick. "Because they want a bath, I suppose," replied Billy, who loved water like a fish and sometimes bathed in the dam on summer nights. * "But it's a fool's game at this time of night," retorted Dick, who only bathed when the temperature was above ninety in the shade, and whose daily wash was an unpleasant duty to him. "We'd better go down and see what those men will do next. They might sneak away after they come out of the water, but I'll try and see them first," said Billy. As the boys walked towards the dam the procession of bathers became less until they had disappeared altogether, when Billy, who was leading, got down to the water's, edge. There was no sound of men walking over fallen logs and branches, though the two boys themselves made a good deal of noise as they pushed through the scrub. The mysterious men had gone like a dream. There was no trace, even, of footprints on the wet mud at the water's edge. "The ghostly beings have floated away like morning mists, or become bubbles of the air like Macbeth's witches," said Billy. "More likely they are hiding in the scrub, and perhaps will send a bullet into us," said practical Dick. There were no other sounds than the wind whispering through reeds beside the dam, and the plaintive, long-drawn-out wail of curlews* and the noise of rushing wings", as a flight of birds sailed like a black waving ribbon across the moon. The mysterious men had vanished. Billy took off his cap and stood bareheaded in the breeze. "Take off your hat, Dick, and let the winds of Heaven blow freely about your face." "Not me; I'm not going to get toothache at this time of night." Billy liked to insist on, his friend following his lead in all things; Billy went about bareheaded in all weathers, and declared he would never wear clothes if he were allowed to fol-. low his own tastes. He often quoted Sartor Eesartus, and tried to argue the matter, but Dick was not a debator. and always changed the subject with the request, "Oh, chuck it Billy!" That youth, after apostrophising twenty million suns in the Milky Way, put on his coat, which he had been carrying on his arm, buttoned the collar of his flannel shirt, and finally went back to the. engine house. Those mysterious men bathing in the dam puzzled the two boys for many long weeks. They watched in the moonlight, always seeing the same number of men, who followed each other into the water with mechanical precision. "They look like a row of black swans," said Billy, one evening, as the boys watched the ghostly procession silently diving into the dam. They might have been a trained troop, so regularly did they follow each other. The absolute silence they always maintained also mystified the watchers. There never was sound of voices' or of laughter from the water. "It was like a procession of lost souls into Charon's boat," Billy said. "Who's Charon?" asked Dick, with boyish curiosity. "He*? the boatman who carries lost souls over the Styx." "Sounds like a steeplechaser. But how can he row a boat over sticks?" "The Styx is a river flowing seven times round the Greek Hades and Charon, Grim, squalid, foul, with aspect dire, His eyeballs each a ball of fire, Sole warden of those murky deeps." said Billy, quoting Virgil. "A cove like that would give you a fright in the dark. ' Come on Billy, have a look at the boilers." "They may be ghosts 1 down at the dam," Billy said one .night. "But do you notice that after each one dives the water splashes? I can see it very clearly in the moonlight." "So can I. Those men, all seem to make a big hole in the water." "Well, they can't be ghosts if that is so." But you said last night you thought they must be." "Perhaps .they are. How do they disappear into thin air as we walk to- wards the water? That's the mystery to me. We ought to tell the boss and ask.him to watch with us." A week later the underground manager of the Midas watched, with the boys. He was entirely without imagination, and always guffawed at Billy's high-flown talks about "spirits of the vasty deep," or at his moonlight rhapsodies. "See here, my boy," said the manager. "If you don't cure yourself of that sort of talk you will get into Parliament some day, or turn into a book agent. Drop it while you can. This ghost business has got to be stopped some how. Suppose that procession down at the dam is neither ghosts nor men, what would you say?" "Oh, Lord!" exclaimed Dick, as he fell over a log. They were walking down to the dam. The underground manager had a suspicion of what the mystery might be. It was a particularly windy night, and bright moonlight. "There they go!" exclaimed Billy, as the mysterious bathers followed each other into the water. Boys and man stopped, and watched in silence. "Well, I'm jiggered! You are a pair of young fools. I see now how you have been frightening yourselves with shadows!" laughed the underground manager. "With shadows?" enquired Billy. "Yes. Look now, and stand just where I've been for the last ten minutes. Don't you see all those stumps in the water near the edge? From here they look like an irregular line, and each casts a shadow. Now, see the procession again, it's as plain as your own face." "Well, I'm an oyster!" exclaimed Billy. "So that's a good ghost story spoiled." "You see," said the man, "when the moon is shining through that tree on the other side of the dam, shadows are cast from it and those stumps. The wind moves the water, which splashes: against the stumps* and so you have the whole thing. You boys have been frightened with shadows." "It's a good ghost story spoiled!" said Billy again. He went back to the engine-house, and made a-billy of tea for the three. "I'll, be jiggered," said Dick thoughtfully, as he put more sugar into his pannikin. V Dana photo., Sunrise at Port MacDonnell. Mount Gamlier, 