Wkt §tpttt. Adelaide : Wednesday, March L, 1899. PARLIAMENT AND FEDERATION. It -has now been practically placed beyond all doubt that on the day upon which the general elections take place for the House of Asscmblr the neonle of South Australia will hare tbe oppor tunity presented to them of accepting or rejecting the revised Commonwealth Bill, and thus of taking, so far as they are concerned, tbe final step towards deciding whether federation snail or shall not be broucht about Whatever uncertainty may have existed concern ing the reception that would be given by members of the Assembly— mem- bers, by-tbe- way, who are about to be called upon to give to their constituents an account of their stewardship— to tbu Amending Enabling Bill will be dis pelled by a perusal of the report of yesterday's Parliamentary proceedings. Almost without exception those who spoke hastened to make it clear that in their judgment tbe people should be trusted to determine tbe fate of the Commonwealth BilL and it was easy to gather from the manner in wbicb their remarks were cheered that they ex pressed the opinion of the majority. The Legislative Council, it is true, has not yet bad the chance of indicating the course it ^will adopt, but there is every reason to believe that it likewise will acquiesce in tbe proposal for a second referendum. Pending the receipt of the measure authoriz ing that step 'honourable gentlemen*' were driven to the extremity of amus ing themselves with the clauses of tbe Law Reform bill, uncy did not take kindly to this mental ex ercise, and at the end of a couple of hours adjourned uutil Thursday, by wbicb time it is expected that they will be in a position to take in band tbe special business which tbe Chambers have been kept in session to deal witlu According to present appearances it is quite likely that the- Premier's hope that tbe prorogation may take place on Friday will be realized. It was dl verting to witness the mar vellous contortions of some members of ithe Assembly who tried to explain their present attitude on the federal question. Like 'Blrdofredum Sawin, Esq J' they seemed to be a good deal in doubt themselves— I spose you wonder ware I be; I can't tell for the soul o' me, Exactly ware J be myself— meanin' by thet the hull o' me. Mr. Grainger— tbe 'J. II. Want' of South Australia iu federal affairs made th-? astounding declaration that not one person iu a thou&iud; bad read the Commonwealth Hill, and not one in a hundred kuew anything about it. We do not believe any such thing, but assuming that tbore is some truth in it the implication. U that no re-j Form should be brought about or politi cal progress made unless the people as el whole take the trouble to avail them selves of opportunities of becoming acquainted with what has been pressed upon their attention iu a thousand different ways. Must nil legislation be deferred because the miin in the street does uot interest biuiself iu tbc projects of legislation submitted, or be cause those who do fail to grasp what should be plain to men of the most meagre intelligence? Federation iu one shape or another has been before the people of Australia for half a cen tury, whilst information regarding tbe Commonwealth Bill has during the past two years been iterated and re iterated for the benefit of the public. There has been the additional illumina tion of speeches delivered by Mr. Grainger and other opponents of union, and how then can it be suggested that the subject is not ripe for treatment? Tbe member for Wallaroo is amongst those who have much fault to find with the financial provisions accepted by the Convention and continued by the Premiers, and it is a matter for regret that be has not come forward with a more workable scheme, fie poses per petually as the uncompromising critic of the Constitution framed by the Con vention, but he presents no feasible substitute. There are others who thought with him a few months ago, wbo have undergone a complete trans formation, and they attribute their new faith to the influence of the amendments agreed to recently in Mel bourne! but he maintains bis attitude of stubborn resistance. Mr. Price, wbo has spoken so passionately against tbe federal deed of partnership, modestly claims credit for the Labour Party as being responsible for the 'im- provements'* made at the Premiers' Conference! He intends to support the movement The friends of union are glad to have bis assistance, and will not enquire too curiously into the grounds for his change of front Other members of the party to which be be longs, who have found occasion to turn their backs upon then? former policy In view of election day, speak quite cheer fully of the blessings which the union of the Australian Colonies is calculated to confer. We were told during the campaign last June that financial and other disasters bad followed federa tion in Canada— a inlsstatement which we had no difficulty in effectively meet ing at tbe time—and now Mr. Archi bald comes forward armed with facts and figures in order to illustrate the progress made by the Dominion! More over he prophesied that when the border duties are removed Australia will also become prosperous! We wel come Mr. Archibald and other peni tents to the federal camp. Never surely has there been such a sudden and wholesale conversion since the day of Pentecost! The Premier in moving the second reading of the Enabling Bill confined himself to an explanation of tbc. effect of tbe alterations submitted for the ap proval of Parliament. He spoke to a sympathetic audience, and was able to show that a colony which had accepted the original terms by such an over whelming majority in June last might be trusted to agree in April or May next to the suggested amendments. Following upon Mr. Kingston's address Sir John Downer and Mr. Batcbelor contributed entertaining . speeches. Their logic was of the spiders-web variety; there was little possibility of discovering where it began or where it led to. The Leader of the Opposition condemned the arrangenientsarrived at by the Premiers, and promised to sup port them because they tended to wards unification, to which he bad no objection. The spokesman of the Labour Party considered that every at tempt made to amend the Common wealth Bill bad resulted in an improve ment He even went so far as to hint that the latest alterations justified former opponents like himself in be coming friends, and straightway be au nounced bis intention of voting 'No' on the referendum! The deadlock to Sir John Downer is like Banquo's ghost at Macbeth's feast He cannot get away from tbe apparition of dis aster associated with the provision dealing with disagreements between tbe two Houses. If Sir John ' really believes that the system will work out as he predicts, bis logical, indeed, bis only consistent course, is to join forces with Messrs. Grainger and Batcbelor and fight for the indefinite postpone ment of union; but he apparently has not the courage of bis avowed convic tions. The debate on the whole was distinctly favourable to the' terms now offered to the colonies, and it is quite clear that on the hustings the majority of candidates will be found warmly ad vocatiug tbe acceptance of the Com monwealth Bill in its new form. This will be patriotic as well as profitable, as the majority of electors in South Australia, recognising a reasonably cood bargain when tlicy see it, arc not likely to neglect the opportunity of entering tbe Federation as an original State. There is no good purpose to be served by talking at large on tbe En abling Bill, and the sooner members do the work for which they have been specially called together and disband tbe better pleased will their consti tuents be. 