; OEI&INAL; 'NOYJEIi. TAil Hiaais Bsssbv^o.] * }K Marian Gonisbv. By. E. DOIDGB, ? : ? Anthor of 1 Father tmd Boo/'1 Tiie Daugbtm of five/ \Mjatery of MorYoUlicu.' &l; BOOK II. . ? r ; ' CHAPTER X.— (Con'iuncd., /? ' 'Now oome, taQtali9ing boy, what is it P,-/* ?Oaonot you-gaese, Lilian ?' 'Something about Marian, of coarse.' ?Of couwe*; two lettors by tlio mail this morning took mo p.n hour to read tbcm,' and a protty bad fright I got. You know after, that Tbauioa epi-oio Alftrian was hopeful that tbo governor'!) cbatinato objeotion to our mirriago was dying out, but ho took a fudocn and tcrriblo turn, beoamo moro bitter than evex, and vcwed VflngoancD . . . Notv, on top of nil thfo, j tho old gentleman — iJeuvcn forgivo him J tnuoh lor it— suddenly decidcd to re'ntn to Australia I What do you eay to that?* ?That ia indeed Rood now*, Qeorgo. I Congratulate you with ail my heart.1 ? Especially oo they muflt bo nov7 actually on their t7ay. Whero would they bo a fort* sight after leaving England, Lil?' ?I- cannot ox'dctlyeay, buteomowhoro in tho Ueditorraritfcn I fiupposo/ 1 Yea, I espeot eo.. I'eholl look it np. Just imagine, wo obaH havo Marian vriih us, all boing ucll, in a month or eo. It's jant splendid.' . * Qoorgo turned to. c^'o to bio room,' bat paused to hold up to Lilian'o o}es a few linco of Uarion'o letter, which ho aeked her to road ?Yod havo V7aited 'for nao, dear Georgo, theuo threo long ydarj,- and I am coming to yon. 'Portlonlc:a it may bo— only my own \- poor coif— but all your own.' ? That ia very protty — worthy of dear Hario. Hon clfcd V70 ohaU all bo to ooo her 1 bflolr.* ? 4 Ycd, ovoryb'jdy ; but ono in particular, ! you bot' ; and Georgo ran up tho stairs two ! fiteps at a timo. Not for a long timo b ad his .lieart been go light. . And that way lion tho young manTe hope . Qf happlneco. Such yeara of patient waiting *.&ro; cover waotcd. In after Mo, mid many lovo aud paticnc^, of fidelity and idmp^'r, tho yesro when tho hcort r.chca and 5carnoa for Ufo'o mateco.mo baal: with iholr rccordo ' of oft-ropeated vow 0, of &£feotlon, o2 tcndcrnc:s, and of idcnlo rcalicod Cr awaiting realization. 1 Qcor^o'o buoyanoy of opirito at tho oven fag irioal wao co opparont that, had hio team 'tfon tho intercolonial football match, ho eoald not havo been in greater fottlo. It 'VAO opparont to ovcrv momber of tho family that tho heir and hops of tho Whidden family waa in recoipt of good tidingo. 4 what io it, Georgo ?' caid L^dy Whid ion, ?Marian will bo with ua, all b∈£ woll, l&oldo; of fivo wcoL'o.' ^4That io nowo, indeed.' .?Bat dooa it moan that your way will bo (ID? oleurer P' aahed Di*yDoafrlao. . ? I havn ovory reason to beliovo it uill bo/ .ffsplicd Georgo. ^Thon I havo ovcry pc3:ou to beliovo that you uill marry 0 pcnnilc:3 girl, unleoj tho old man Goniaby hr.D either rosohc3 hiij I dotojjo or dica cuddcniy.' It X7CD ono of tho:o random ohoto vrhioh tro comctlmca cpohcu llrjbtly yot flt mnrvel lotuly into tho roDlilloi ; for, no tho reader hnowo, Joseph Qonisby waa dying nt tho timo. . 'M'm not troubled about ono or othor of the giftibUltlca,' was Georgo's ready response. 0 was not in tho mood to looir upon any bdt tho brightest oido of tbo picture ; and, S3 a now apparently relonting fate willed it, to was not to bo disappointed. OHAI-TER Xr. y En.ViniHH AMD Eil.'I, ''Jeac&ry; days pawed in'.o FdV.uary, and tWi wa» duo in which Mr U.-ni»by aud: Mi«« (Joriiby had baotred pafsages to K*l*uiiroe. How many hearts reach out »i 9 Veen siioos and bright hopes oa oeralnfr to a new land— 10ms to be mora than reMiird ; othsrsj 'and they form tho major* ity, to bo mors than disappointed. Of all the p.MiCDgora who on that bright February morning steamed up to tho Bandrldgo Pior, there wero fow more mored by omotlonthan Marian Ooai^by. But they woro conflicting omotlono wbioh swayod her. Glad wno sho boyond words to find horsolf onoo again ncarlng tho city whore hor heart's nffootiono lay — Bad to romombor that it trou no an orphan, absolutely alono in tho world. Ero fiho nroao that bippy morning, oho gnoiood thoy hod enteroJ tho hoado, nor* oolving that tho ship no longer nnaworod to tho oooau swell; ond whon oho enmo on deok bofc.ro breikfast, thoro to tho loft ohono QueonBellff— alwayo propocaenaing. niwayo pioturoaquo ; nnd ns ono familiar vtow nftor another camo into sight, hor spirito roio and a soft color oamo Into hor oheolio, whiob had grown moro thin ond pale than woro tboir wont. But of all oighta pleasing to tho oyo and to tho heart, thoro was ono oho duolt ripon not yot oomo— tho niisht of tho ono man in tho world whoso moraory had boon over prosont, nud upon whooo otrength and fidelity oho had leaned, oo upon n rook whoso fonndation wan nuro. . ' Hies Qoniaby, you aro eotainfj down to broahfaot for tho loot timo— aro you not?' It wao Uic3 Lcalio who npot;o, no oho onmo I ^from amongot tho pasccngcrj, who wero intont on opying upon tho now land. 1 Roolly, I had hardly thought o2 it^ I doubt ifi I oan cat ; but I will mauafto n oup of coffeo, I'dnrway.* 1 'WJiat a cloJijj'htful bay— i^ it iy n bay it io moro lil:o nn inlaucl ocean ; it id co largo. Why did you never toll mo hov; mopnificont it wod ?' * t7o coldom tall: about Port Phillip : nil thn admiration reomn to go to ito great rknl —Port Jnoliaon. If wo havo not tho hun dred inlcto which adorn Byduoy'o port, yet horo wo at loaat havo ccopu nud amplo room to call our plca3uro boata ; nud around tho bay thero nro many plcasuro placna— yonder for inotanoo, liej Hordlaliio, v/hcro I havo joioed in very plenonnt pienica. fiomo day, M19Q Lwlic, I hopo wo nhalt havo tho pleanuro of ccoing como of theuo ohow placco in company.' A v/Iflh which Llarian'o compauion gladly oharcd. Thcu thoy botool: thomQelvci oneo moro to tho brealifaot tablo, whoro, howover, Marian oat for only a fow minutos. Sho wao really too esoitcd to moro thuu malio a pro tonco of eating. S:on oho wan on dec!: ngain, loohing anxioujily to tho landing point, wondering would ho bo thoro. Yco, Goorgo v/ao thcro v/ltli 0503 but for ono individual in tho world, wondering oould lit indeed bo posaiblo that tho hoar had como whon ho uhould mcot again tho woman bo loved, novcr (no ho hoped) to bo patted moro. And how would pho oeom? What ohango had tho yearn mado? IIov; ohould ho mnct her? Would oho forgivo him tho warmth oS tho ombrnco that bin armo wero longing to porform? Would tho j eovereotof fatlicro bo at her oido to voto moro 1 than tho 'common, moat formal hand- ehaho? j Did ever vcsool tako 00 long to moor P I Wao over eailur olouerP Wan ever hawcer 1 moro awkwardly handled ? Waa over any* : , body or any crowd lew in n- hurry? . . . Then, at length, the oeean-liuur wao along eido, and ono amonget tho Iioafc of landaraon arid landswcmon eoanned tho lino of faceo wbioh leaned over tho taffcail, and then iorwara 10 uroiafiuipa ; uui inero waa no sign of tho fdoo ho cought. What iC Marian wete not aboard ? How ehould ho bear tho ^disftppointmea* ? Sj ooon oa tho liltlo bridkto was thrown ncro.vn George waa ono of the flrat !o got on dcot:. Looliint: to right and lolt of liim, Georgo walhed to ond fro aonongst tho pasRongcro. Ho muot a^l: ? T,r-f ral.nm V—ih«rr nil eagerly talking atr.ougfct thomoolvoo, or eqnally engaged in looting for pooplo. When at Jenglh he did venture to auk, bo found ho bad enquired of ono who, liho him?olf, had just come aboard, at wbioh they both laughed. Then ho had tho laol: to run BCXC68 tho purser, and wao told that thoro wis a Mi'R Gonieby aboard. . . Now, .what n quickening cf tho fulfo— what a irush of tho blood 1 Marian was realty thero !— on ibis earno fhip oa ho etood upon. Surely ' &bo; would bo on dctk, bo thought ; but Marian had a few nnmonts before geno down to tho falcon. Perhaps thoro was a | great 'hi -up in her throat; perhaps fcbo wished to avoid 4ho lustlo and crowd of tho deok. Perobance, come instinct told hor it would bo better to bo a littlo apart if her lover -flonght her. Sho realised hor? vory much alone ebo was. Sho had como very far to him ; fho would withdraw a littlo now— it wa* just womanly— and sho eat down nnd felt tho throbbing of her heart. . 4 If ho is here ho will soon find mo. . Oh, how tryiuK tho moment. . Ho does not eomo. . Perhaps bo was not advised of tho Meamor temtf signalled. . Fifty things could keep him . I will go above. . . No, I will sit still a minuto lougcr. . I am positively tho only eoul in this big saloon. . liow odd it looks— even ridicu lous. ? I am euro it doos. . I will go abovo !' Marian was proceeding with this intont, when— whirling m he oiujo— Goorgo knew it was a feigned whistle, just as the big boy who is not afraid of ghosts huowsho is humbugging when bo whistlcB for company in a lonoly ppot— thero he came, tripping down tho companion way— ? ?Georgo!' - . 4 ? Mario, deai Marie 1' **** Her enrobarged heart, was eo fail, . hia arm 8 wero about her wAist and neck, and thero was no ono to como betweon. ? Tbo emotions aro a* tho pump of tho affection*, and in great grhf or joy with women, tho 1 windowfl of tbo soal' lot forth tho fountain ol tho heart. ' Marian, mv lcvc. look tin !' fcaid Georgo, but eho nestled tho closer to him, and sobbed convuh»iv«ly nn 'his shoulder. Not till »ho could look at him steadily dtd fcho rai'e bir tcar-(-taindl f?ca to li^, and bo kipscd it again dtd aVa'n uotil ho declared he tasted tho salincssof tbo tears ! 4 You nro frosh from tho eca— a regular salt! Bjt 'coiuo, darling, is thcro any trouble^' » ? Forgivo mo, Georgo, thoso wero not tears of troublo but of joy. I know it is vory foolich, but I really could notholpit. . Yot I havo had troublo— great troublo and ! grief, George.' - ?Tell mo all about it, dearest,' Ho led her to a eeat, looked steadily into hor ojew, ond;. read thcro traces of what Marian bad experienced upon tho voyage. 4 You do not a»k for my fathor, Georgo ?' 1 That h bad mannero I admit, lovo ; but you will Delievo mo whon I eay I had no : thought for a fouI on oarth but you, Mario ; ond I'm really thankful to tho govornor for thin renpito. How io ho ?' ?You will novcr cco him moro, Georgo. Ho io dead.' * four fathor ia doad ? Good hcaveno, you ourpriso mo !' Ihon oho told him tho otory of Mr GonUby'o illnejo and death and burial ia tho Red 8ea. And Ucorgo tool; Marian, again in hio armo, and l:is3cd nnd oarc3scd hor ; and ho wao too dieingonuoua to bo othor than dovoutlv thankful that a great pooco and rest nua r.urcty bad fallou upon them. For Hoaven itcplf neomed to havo removed tho hand that so lona: had withhold tho woman bo loogod to call his owu. Tooy werospeo.iiDg in tho train to their old homo, Whtft if thoro were curious eyea? What if Goorgo was seen by com* panions who know him, but whom ho cover saw f . Thcro am time* when wo walk upm air, when our spirits noar as in tho lofty flight of the eagle, nnd tho Ihtlo.cj.uuuopUco things of timo and a?nw pkb unperocived. By tho timo thoy readied Prabniu George bad lived» as it were, through an epitome of hh lovod' ono'a lifo from tbo timo tbey loft London to bo arrival that morning. It teemed to bia» thero was littlo to tell 0* himsoll, Tho | WhIdd«o ^aifairfr mom^n^ons [ai thtf boon bIqco tho - departure of tha Gonlibrt, appeand to hltn nnworthy of mantfoa alongildo tbo amatloit details affectina any pact ol Mari&n;'tf lifo ainoo ho had e&la; . good-byo. So ho told -Marian when ihd ropoated tho reqaoat 'Nofr toll oo yoarsolvea, Georgo f ? Thoy woro at tho Whlddeas homo, w . ' Boar old placo 1 And thoro ffl Mian !* orolaimod Marian, as Miss Whldden canal ruuningout to moot them, . . ' Wclcomo, a thousand welcomes hOflM - Harlan.' ?Thank you, darling Lil, yon aro tight— thio indeed io homo, or but throo doors off/ and thoy liltnod and kissod and ombraool upon tho pathway with uoalfeotcd heart inc.^3. *Do not mako ovon that rciorvatlon ,* replied Goorgo, havlug referouoo to tbt 'throo dooro* away from ?Fairlolgh.' ?! guess yon will bo quito at homo/ and hs 1& bor into tho houao to p:ea:nt hor in trlnmpH . to Lady Whiddou, whoso welooaoto Marian wao no lc30 cordial. Having to hurry to bis dutioa in the city, Goorrco roluotautly toro himsaH away, loa»» ing Harian with bio mother and two Bister*, v/ho^o condoloncos with Marian's boreavn* mcnt wero min^lod with folioltatloos th%t oho wao onco again oafoly with thorn. During tho day, too, camo Aunt Zinny, by who^n raoro-otfunivo domonstranon of delight, nympathy and conoern Mirian wtl v;clt-nigh overwhelmed. 4 *Juro, ohild, you ato jast tho same, though noborcd/ ono Lopt on oaying; *bnt littlo wonder, for you havo oomo through trial and tribulation. Thank tho Ljrd that you arocafoly back with u*, and wo shall never lot you go ngain ; aud your poor papa— to think that wo ohali never eoo him again ! But ho wao a good and upright and kind man, ond you aro hio only ouild/ Thin lattor wai aaid with a percepUblo mcout of consolation, aftor tho prudtsnce of tho worldly- wlso, wbioh Mwian understood,, aa pho also understood tbot good Aunt Zinny dorived honest pleasure from tb«. thought that at lait, whoa all was said and done, hor foator lamb wa9 woll provided for*' Marian did not undccoivo' her, nor eay aught of tho oruol wrong that had beondone her In tho matter of tho will. 'Twao not till Goorgo returned, and then Iato in tho ovonlng whoa thoy had spent many houra togotnor, and Marian nad retailed canny chapters 0! absorbing interest to her lover, that nho camo to that, part aiicoting hor worldly proopcoto. ?And now, Goorgo, I havo comothing to tell you wkioh you havo q right to know* It will ohoul: you vory much, I am afraid.* ? Wo havo grown rather uced to Dhookfi— financial ohooko in particular— in thoao parte bineo you loft, dear.' Ha aaid thio wfth n uort of intuition of what waa coming. ?You havo guoned comothing ourely, Georgo, but you havo hardly guoened tbo truth. ZIy fathor beforo wo loft England mado a v;ill which entirely disinherited mo!' ?That wan unfair, cruol to you; but, darling/ and ho held her closcly to him, ? don't you givo two thoughto to it, no far as 1 am concerned, xon aro hero, and yp.n aro to bo mino— ray own, lovo— undl am moro than oatisficd. It io bettor that you ohould not bo rich v/hilo I atn poor. I ohould feel it badly, I asouro you. Now wo aro on cqunl termp. Wo aro young, and tho world io fai*ly boforo U3. I can keep you comfort ably,! truofc, though not in lifdaonco. . « You really will bo mine, darling ?' 1 Need you ank ?' I It cocma too good to bo trno. I Gia positively bcDido mycolf with tho joy of it I1 ? Georgo, thcro io ono thing moro I havo to tell/ nnd Marian then recounted tho making of a now will ot tho lait moment, which but needed tho fignaturo to omnploto tho total rectification ol tho wrong that had boon done* 4 That X7t\% 1 touch and go* for a foitun^ and no mintako/ exclaimed tho bappy lover. 1 But tell mo, Marian, that you do not mind —that you will not lotthiu troublo you when all clso ia now plain cuiling in front of us?' I I really havo not troubled about it, Georgo. I can, I think, honestly my I am not m rconary, yot it doe3 eoem rather hard, and I am sorry for your ealio !* ?Then you muat not ba— I will not allow nr _ ? ? ? ' Thp captain nnd tho doctor wero very, 1 vory kind. They qui hi intcrestoi thomBolves in mo when thoy understood bow matters ntood, and tho captain told mo whon at Colombo— I am auro I did not wish him to do it — that he had written an account of the wholo affiir to undo Gonisby* whom ha thinks— bat I do not count on anytblog. It is tho hotter way— is it not, doar V 1 Quito tho better way, darlir[ ?Your undo stand* as tho heir, ani- will inherit your fathor'a wealth, Bat wo shall never troublo him, take my word for it. I am far richer than hoiuhavingyou, darling.* It was lover's talk, and thoy wero not inter* zaptod. If tho lost thousands was tho price of their freedom thus to lovo and wed, thoy counted they Had tho beat of tho bargoin ; they grudged not tho Igss of tho gold in the plonitndo of thoir love* ? I am moro glad than I can say that yon tako it so, George. It is tho final proof— if proof wero wanting— of threo years ol devotion— what tho commercial, money* worshipping world would call tbo final ond 'cliuchiuR teat.' ?Test! You -nlk wido of tbe.marb, my love. You forgot youraelt ! You do not know yourself !— as though any follow, any man in Australia, would want any sort of bribo along with such a pearl— for aro yoa not beyond all prico V ?Will you always think do, Georgo?* ?It wilt be mv fault if I do not. . « Mario, do you know that thero is a wonder* ful, bier, beautiful diff^renco in you !' ? A difference f* ? Yea, you are changed— not in appearance, acarcoly any at all— but in mannor. You romombor— do you?— that never for two minutea would you lot mo hold you in my armo ; though 1 felt you loved mo, yot yon woro alwayo co—co ccorcd — eo unyielding—' ? Well, if you lot mo go a little— I ohall not run away— thcro !— 1 may csplain thio oubtlo chango that you aro pleaccil to notico. . . I am changod. Bo ouro, Georgo, you do not cco moro than 1 feel it. Ia thoaofor* of? dayn I wao fifthtinj* many invalid battles —fighting coif, lighting prejudico, waniog with traditiono ; and he£»vio3t of all to bear up agalnot waa my poor fathorTo bitterness-* but you kuow about.that, Gcor/jo?' (To bo continued.) **~- Tho uito of what io boliovod to havo been tho first Chriotian church io at Glastonbnry* It io caid that tho church waa built in the year G3 by Jo^oph of Arimathcj, whcfli bonco oro oaid to lio boncath thoopot. Upwards of 100,000 pounds of eoails are oaton every day by tho roiidonts of tho gay Pronch capital, tho onail market being tb| , ' busiest industrial mart in Paris. \ A Swiss society has laid out an Alpin . ' garden at Montreux at on elevation of 6,000 .. ..''V feot, whero tho characteristic trees and ?? - flowers of tho country aro to ba cultivated, /; ? ; V: J Experiments seem to i*how that a largo - ocran stoamor, goiog. at nineteen hootaai^ hour, will move moro than two tAilea after ' ? its engines havo been stopped and reversed* ; Out ol tho 76,000 British troops- iu India. V-v 24,600 are pledged to teototdUfim, Scotland has beaten England in the nnm* her of teetotal chief maRistratoi dotted thtf year. Tho provoits of th.Vi.»br^ 'iowm v VQ toUUhiUiftWfi, 