THE LIFE OF HENBY DBUMMOND. (George Robertson and Co.. Georce-streetl. It needed but a glance at Henry Drummond In life to discover appreciation and esteem of a strictly qualified sort., And a glance at the" excellent portrait which appears as a fron tispiece to the'book confirms that Impres sion1. Full of fire, if not of the Holy Ghost, he looks out to the world with a defiant chal- lenge. He lias never permitted himself to doubt of the tilings whereto he was bred. He has . cultivated a faculty of credulity, and therewith a fierce nnd, us he would term It, holy anger against all those who would seek to dlstrub the bases of his belief. . George Adam Smith Is the author of this .life,- and he has done his work as well as It could' be .done. He shows forth the man who was well beloved ,und absolutely trusted by those of his awn UOck. He also, unwittingly at times, enabRs others1 to fortify their own impression of the man, which Is not neces- .sarily Illiberal or unjust. We arrive at fur ther evidence of amazing credulity in such an episode as the following:— "Sydney, June ;,18th. On Sunday I had one of the most ourlous gatherings I ever faced. Some doc tors asked ine to address the Sydney doctors, of whom It seems but four go to church. There were exactly 140 present, all doctors. I spoke fiom the standpoint of evolution, and they were so much Interested that next day 20 of tliem agreed to pay £60 a year each to start a church for -doctors on the spot, and get out a man from home, at at least £1000 a year. The 'conversion' is somewhat sudden, but something will suiely come of It." . Some laughter came out of it, no doubt, but the matter Is set down here In the serious vein. - Another little affair, unfortunate In the light of recent events. Is the further uphold- the formation of coral Islands. Futuna is "very like Table mountain. Geologically, onb would say, a truncated cone. In land ing, it Is nil coral, extending upwards at least , one thousand feet. Dip upwards. This dip towards— (towartls in Italics) — a supposed crater is found all round." And that to Pro fessor Drummond was conclusive evidence as to the upheaval theory, which has been so utterly overthrown by Professor David's practical Investigations at Funafuti. Another instance, disclosing a quite errone ous perspective, is that of the narrative of the death of tlie Rev. John Ewing. of Mel bourne. Professor Drummond actually as sumes that Melbourne paused, trembling, over this really sad death. But those who knew Melbourne at the time have difficulty In remembering anything more than a most transient ripple. John Ewing wns an estim able minister of a select suburbnn church, but the space ho filled in Melbourne's life was certainly not larger, proportionately, than that occupied by Professor Drummond In the Intellectual life of the world. The concluding chapter, on work In connec tion with boys and the Boys' Brigade, and the collection of addresses to students, show the man at his best. Earnest In effort, as fixed In fnltli, and always for those things which make for abetter morality In the world. Had he fureborne to wage that in effectual war with the giant lie might have gone down to the gr:\e with an absolutely unclouded record, but consclousiicss-of defeat there begot 1 splenetic moods, 111 wnlch tho simple 'requirements of honest ileallng with great facts ..ere not always icmciViLeic-u. 