TnE severaea committee were hope leIrly in a fog at their meeting on Saturday as to the requirements of the act in reference to a petition f.r esverance. The "manifesto" issued states that only persons on the exist ing roll are entitled to sign, but never thele's it is urged in the same docu ment that all property owners not on the roll shon'd also attach their signa tures "in order to ensure its faron- " able reception by the Minister." This brought about a remarkable discussion. In reply to a committeeman who ap. peared to prefer a clear sky to a foggy atmosphere, the chairman stated that "every person liable to be rated is a " ratepayer within the meaning of the "sct." This is so in certain circum elances, but the set does ot recognise his privilege to vote or to sign a pe tition for severance unless he is on the roll. The chairman remarked that a person may hare paid his rates and s:ili not be on the roll; but that is usually the fault of the ratepayer. A large percentage of ratepayers do not pay until summonses are issued, long af er the legal limit when their names may be retained upon the voters' lists. To imply that the names of uach may be properly pleed on the severance petition is simply misleading. One member of the com mit:ee thought it just as we!l to get all names on the petition, beeause it would not vitia'e it and- might do goal! It was probable the names of persons signiog the petition which were not also on the roll wou!d be cancelled, added that gentleman in a Smn- er which expressed a hope that Isome of th thus swell the list and the total valua Stion submitted. Bat to return to the petition fog. Mr lahileigh contended that oLr-'bird of the property of the subaivition must be represented upon the petition-one-third of thL b ,ders of property in the shire. Mr Ross insisted that a aimple a jority of ratepayera was what the aec requirel. Mr !cott said it was one-third of the ratepayera and property owners. O-e of the sets was then referred to, and it was stated that secording to its provirions 30 persons having rateable Spoperty, and a majority of persons on the municipal roll, won:d about do the thing nicely. From tLis Mr Rach le:gh dissented, adding that another part of the act said it most include one-third of the property holders. In this state of confusion the qcestion was al!owed to remain. The fact iL, the committee do not quite know what they are about and are quite on necessarily floundering about in the mist. They are net bnre that the petition ih even in form, and have decided to send it to thoe nynict Works department to nak the ei cials there for their.opinion. By the time that arrives it is more than likely peace and good-will sill hare been entirely reestablished in the council, and there will not remain even the ghost of a shadow of eeuse foe the dieraption of our manicipol republic. TIE epidemic of rfuianism which has of late manifested itself in Melbourne and vasrous parts of the country still maintains its virulence. The nmld punishment ifilicted in most cases by the justices is not likely to cheek the complaint. Many f -thu numerous atenders who have within the past fortnight been called upon to answer charges of violent assault pepi bold men and fbebib wiinen hare been ti6ror the courts time after time for similar offences, the light penalties doing no more than elaying their hands whilst under temporary re straint. Generally the fines range from 10s to 40-, with the alternatlre of a week or a fortnightl' hard labbr in gaol. Oecasionally a bench is courageohs enough to make the fine Z5 or £10, with two or three months' imprisonment in default of payment; but this is only as the pouring of water on a duck's back. Thoe tis too proper inmg Ior rumAns Wno aseanlt defenceless women or violently attack unoffending men. It has twice been applied to scoundrels of this class within the past sir months, so that there is no doubt as to the power of the judges to order corporal punishment. Why they donot oftener impose a flogging is not easily under stood. The magistracy should also be permitted to order flogging in aggravated eases, at any rate after the first conviction, and it would, perhaps be well if in certain circum stances they were comnpelitd to do so This would relieve them of responsi bility and do mnuh to minimise unpro voked brutal assaults. Very lately the Recorder, in charging the Grand Jury at the Old Bailey, London, said that in bad cases of garrotting, where the judges thought proper to order both the cat and a substantial term of imprisonment, hecould say of h.s own knowledge that tie prisoner once so punished never again came before the court. This is strong testimony as to the fficacr of the lash, and the esoner it is more extensively brought into requisition here in the punishment of hardened rufians the better for the offonders and for the community generally. The weather since Thursday last has been splendid for the farmers and gratzers all over the distric'. On Wednesday and Thursday there were o-casional showers, and the sky was more or less overcast on Friday. Oa Saturday morning there were india tions of further shwer.s, and about 4 o'clock in the afternoon steady rain set in and continued a'most without in termission until an early hour yester day morning. Altogether the rainfall registered 1 inch 43 points in Bairns dale. The effect has been moat cheer ing to the graiTers and maizn grawers. The grass paddocks which were brown and almost destitute of herbage are al ready springing "fresh and green," and the maiss and other growing crops are making a strong response to the moisture at their roots. The ground is thoroughly saturated and the pros pects all round have brightenej won derfully. At IMaEra 2 inches IS prints of rain fell, greatly benefiting the beet crops, which badly required moisture. Our Lindenow correspondent writes: \--'e hare had an abundance of wel. come rain, which has fallen in time to insure the maize crops, although to those whose crops of oats and wheat are out it will cause inconvenience. The gram is already springing, and the icarcity of feed for cattle will be in a great measure orercome. The factories will now be able to carry on well. There are some fine crops of green peas and lucerne in the district, wb:ch give cood promise.-A ball in aid of the O:d Auntralia-' Home, held in the mechanics' institute, wasa eacces - ful affair. A meeting of the Stratford ratepayers has been called to disezss the question of forming an additional riding in the shire. The west riding, though it has an in come of less than half Ltat of the centre riding, has equal representation, and lately several meetings have lapsed through want of a quorum. The Omes Standard reports the fol, lowing yields from an area of 99acres at Tambo station:-301 acres of oats, 515 bags (ehide over four bushels to the bag); 61) acres, 515 bigs (4 bushels 1015s to the bg)4 seven acres of Cape barley, 100 bags (4 bushels to the bag). From an ares of 99 acres, the handsome yield was obtained of 1130 bags of grain of a first-class quality. The report of the Government Labour Registry Office at Perth (W.A.) shows that between Jane 16, when the office opened, and the end of December 1145 applications for em ployment were made, and work was found for 242. Applications fell off coeniderably towards the end of the year. A peculiar feature cf the re port is that over 10 per cent. of the appl'conts were Vicariirs and nearly 20 per cent. each from New South Wales and the United Kingdom, the olber colonies being represnted by relatively small percentages, On Saturday afternoon last Wm. Hutchinson, a lad, aged 13, residing at Albert Park, Melbourne, saw a woman struggling in the water off Kerferd road pier. He seized a life buoy and at once swam out to the woman, who had drifted 50 yards from the pier, and brought her safely to land. Dry earth containing a considerahle quantity of humus is one of the best and cheapest manure preservatives. Every farm has plenty of this, the only cost being the placing it under cover. The great(st Icss in a manure I.i!e is the escape of rvlatile gases such as am monia. Thre can be largely preserved by sprinkling the dry earth over the mannre pile and about the stalla when the stable is being cleaned. Dieagree able odours will be prevented and fer tility eaved. A little boy, nine years old,sou t Mlr Gordon, overseer of CoLgboal Stati.n, Balmoral, when remaoitr some rails to get a rabbit last Sunday. oas bitten twice on the thumb by , snake. Tho lad swas tratt-d in th usual way by Dr Po ts. of Harro but succumbed to the p, ion. Accohlats ate at the receipt Pdu pay office, Bairnsdalp. for J. Alean der. 1%'P. Allen," ?. W, ai.4. S. Barton, . Brodribb, 3. IfQlrley,' Bairnsdale Water Trust, J. BDl, W. M. Bowie. A. C. Brabet aifd Co, IM. Curtain, H. Cousenr, D. C!ark, C. Cope, S, Dyer, J. C. Dahblen and Ca, F. P. Dawson,'H. B. Day, J. Dineixt, D. FAtzgerrald. W. Gronheit, LI Fir. mayer, A. L-Johnson, A. Jonsm, C. Jones, H. W. Kirwan, S. Lester . II. Keys. J; Mitchell .ad Co, S. Mahe, C. I. Moulder, 7. W. Makiegso, . i \iullany, P. M'Allister.H. Mackimnon, D. Munro, J. Nichol, G. D. Perry. T. D. Rowe, ]. . Rv an, J. Rowe R. E. Robin-on, . A. A.ichardson, IL Snalj man, J. G. Stanway.T. T. Stirliiz. S. S. Terrill, S. G. Varney, B. Wilson, R. Worsley. Apropos cf postal mattcrs, the billor i ng extract from an English exchange s of interest :-An amusing inrident, analogons to one recently reported in connection *ith the Dofe of NoOrfcl:, h; occurred at TritAte. A peasant presented a parcel for despatch to an official in the Central Post Offic of that town, and was roughly told that it aculd not be received asf- was improperly done 'p. The peasant inquired how it ought o be done up, and the fficial sharply eplied that it was not his business to ell him. Here a gentleman Intervened on the-peasant's behalf; bht was to'd by tne oficial that if he had any fault to ind be had better complain to the Super ntendent. The gentleman did so, but .as told that postal officials could not e expected to leach the public, and that if he gas not satisoed he had better complain to the Director. The gentle man thereupon pulled out a card and raid -" I have no time to go to the Director ; I request yon to go to him yourself, and tell him that I ordtr him to come here instantly and himself in struct this man how he must make up his parcel." The Superintetdent looked at the card, and trembled when he read the name of the Archduke Louis Sal vator. The Director lost no time in coming. He stormed at the Snperin tendent, who in torn stormed at the official, and all three nearly fell over each other in their z.al to show the peasant how to do up his parcel. A more carefuliy made up package prcz bably never passed through the Austrian Post Office. The incident, however, has excited a grave question. All the news papers approve of the Archduke's in tervention, but some pertinently asi whether he had any right to "order" the Director to do anything. The champions of the Constitution are exer ieed ; but, after all, the important thing is that the peasant got his parcel off. A draftsman,named Theodore Take, aged 4S, of Swiss nationality, was on Saturday last sentenced by the Ballirat magistrates to 12 months' imprison ment on a charge of vagracey. The prisoner, who is known to habitnes of the Mining Exchange as "the long German," at one time practised his profession in the Railway department of this cilony, and whilst residing at Ballarat did a lot of brilliant work in the preparation of mining maps and plans. S.rong drink, however, bronght sb:nt his downfall, and for a Iong while past he, ragged and dirty, has been soliciting alms in and around the public offces in Lydiard street. Tuke is a graduate of one of the Continental -niversities. George Hall, an applicant for a col lector's license, who appeared before the Bendigo city bench on Saturday, ob j-cted, when asked to take the Bible in his right hand, that he did not believe in " kising filth." He asked to be al lowed to make an afflimst~on, and this being done, the license was granted. When Hall was about to leave the box lospector Murphy inquir.d what he meant by his remark that he did not believe in kissing fi:th. It seemed, said the inspector, that the witness objected that the contents of the book were filth. The Holy Bible was rcspected by nearly all civilised persons, and be thought Hall should not leare the court without making an explanation. all, replied that he refused to kiss the book becasie he did not believe in it. Inspector Murphy said witness could have ex plained that withoutmaking an offensive remark. He considered it impertinent for a man to enter the box and insult a Christian community by making such a reference to their Bible, and in his opinion itwas a gross case of contempt ofcourt. A telegram from Peak Hill (W.A.) atates that a native murder, accom panied by cannibalism, has been dis covered. The victim was a boy named Bobby, aged 12, employed by a white man. It appears that his fellow tribes men strangled him with a atrap, and that his body was afterwards cooked and eaten. At the police court, three catives, named Millagabby. alias Freddy, formerly a police tracker, Burgher, and Mansgaboddy, were charged with the murder, and were re manoded. Tb. polise n eoer«aIin for three others who are believed to be implicated. It is believed that the murder was committed in conformity with a religions observance consequert on the ricent death of Freddy'e brother. S:atistica recently published (sayi the Daily Nevs) show the advance: mide by women in various clllings theatrical, literary, artistic, medical and busineoe. In 1S70 there were 692 actreBsea in the United S',tes, there are now 4COO. The number of lady painters and eculptlcr has increased froz 412 in 1870 to 1G.0GO. In IS70 there were only ceven lady soorthand writers and compositors, there are now 52.000. Ten years ago lady doctors and eurgeons nombered 527, they number to- day 65S2. The mosot as tonisbirg part of the table is, howewvr, the referenee to lady accountants and secretaries oF firms and companie-. There were Lose in 1S70, there are 43,071 non. 