IX THE ASSEMBLY. For a time after the Speaker took the chair on Wednesday politics appeared to have dropped to a dull dead level of mono tony. There was no talk of a no- confidence motion, and business proceeded in an ordi nary manner. But * toe' early indications proved falae, and Wednesday provided its no-confidence motion, and the debating was of unusual interest. Tbe gal leries were almost empty when pro ceedings opened, and members took their seats as if they were confident of not hav ing to change them for at least a few days. Mr. Handysidc was delightfully facetious. He reminded the Treasurer that the State Bank of South Australia (an institution which its spporters have claimed influences the world's money market) was still in ex istence, but that the Bauk rate of interest in England was now 6 per cent. How did Mr. Holder account for that? Mr. Holder did not account for it. He presumed the hon. member did not put the question scri-, ously. Mr. Jenkins told Mr. Koberts that the Government had not decided who would comprise the new Police Board of Enquiry. On a formal motion of adjournment Mr. Dumas drew attention to a communication sent to an Oddfellows' Lodge from the Crown Solicitor's office, and the Chief Sec retary promised to look into the matter. A fortnight's leave of absence was granted to Mr. Gilbert on account of ill-health, and within the half-hour Mr. Grainger rose to move 'That a Select Committee be ap pointed to enquire into and report on the public finances.' He held it was monstrous that any Treasurer should be able to borrow and lend money without any Parliamentary autho rity. (Mr. Archibald— ?'When did tfie lend ing begin?') When did the borrowing be gin? If the Treasurer can borrow just as te likes, why not lend? The Committee couM do its work in a week, and give as surances to the public and tiieir creditors, and dbeck rumour. His desire was to as sist the Treasurer, and if it were the last speech he nride in Parliament he would be proud -to think that he had raised his voice For the purpose of urging that the finances should be put in order. The Treasurer regretted the tone adopt ed by Mr. G winger. The hon. member professed to be anxious to assist the Go vernment, and then closed by saying that every member who voted against the mo tion' would be responsible u any disaster occurred. It looked as if Mr. Grainger wanted to cause a panic. (Mr. King ston- 'Hear, hear.') He would, in re plying to Mr. Grainger, also deal with Mr. Salomon's criticisms. Every Treasurer had the right -to borrow money to carry ou tiie business of the State. . There was no complaint of his having had to pay high rates of interest for the loans complained of. (Mr. Price— 'That was tbe impression given us lost week.') Yes, but it was wrong. (Mr. Jenkins— 'You get money half per cent, cheaper, and they, com plain/') To have sold Treasury bills they would have been pay ing 3} per cent., and putriug itin tiie Banks at 3 per cent. Some peopL wouUd have him sell Treasury bills at 3j per cent, locked up for five years, with a prospect of the money market coming down. (Mr. Solomon— 'You have no need to sell them at live years' currency.') Noj he would not be guilty of such folly. (Mr. Solomon— 'No; you prefer to job on from day to day.') At this stage the Treasurei was assaikd by an enfilading fire of inter jections at shoit range. The Speaker inter posed, and Mr. Holder insisted upon making bis own explanation in his own way. He took exchanges from where he coulc got them best. The representative of at Adelaide firm offered nim good terms and he accepted them. (Mr. Sobmon 'And you called them trust funds?') The] were put under that (leading, and kter oi thfi Treasurer explained why certaii moneys were oiled trust funds, and re ferred to an Act passed in 1891, giving th- Treasurer authority to handle kar money. (Mr. Solomon— 'But thsJ does not give authority to tab money' at thirty days' call.') Th- methods followed had not been petti fopring, but this proposition Mr. Darlinj took exception to and an exchange of com piiments— also at short cail— followed. Mr, Holder continued in his explanation of tb- finances, and Messrs. Archibald, Coney beer, Kingston, and others sought t- assist) him by generously advancing point and ltberaSy cheering, whilst Mr. Playfon occasionally whispered 'Hear, hznr,' or ut tered an eloquent doubting 'Dramas laugh If Mr. Grainger** motion, said the Trea surer, meant anvthing. it expressed want o confidence in his methods of financing (Hear, bear.) The Government, therefore treated r&e; motion as one of no confidence (Gheere.) Mr. Playford, in the capacity on the candid friend, said that aftei looking at the matter carefully h- considered tbe Treasurer hod madi advantageous terms in the interests of th- colony. (Ministerial cheers.) But— anc here certain smiles vanished like the misl of a summer's morn— 4-ut it was a method said ex-Treasurer, ex- Agent-General Play ford, the ' Chancellor of the ' Excheqne: would never dream of exercising. It was i dangerous .power to leave in the hands o: a Treasurer who was not able and con scientiotM. Mr. Holder -was both able an- conscientious. It was a recognised prindpli of constitutional government that every thing should be free and above board anc nothing kept secret The Treasurer shoulc have advised the House what he did (Hear, hear.) He did not blame the Trea surer at a time of crisis stepping ouUidi the law and doing a good thing for tht colony; but he ought not to have Kept Par Uwnent in ignorance. ? The moneys shoulc not have been covered up under a beadini which conveyed an- absolutely- false im presskm. When t!he Treasurer told th- forntft jfttf^*'!^ trffrrntt farif ta.orr on with he (MrTPIayford) was puzzled, as to where he had got it from. If the Treasurer was open to receive money on loan he should make it -public, and not give an advantage to persons .who got abwit the 'backstaira of the Treasury.' .Mr. Piayford's kaleufoscopic address was carefully listened to. For 3 minutes he complimented Mr. Holder on a smart bit of financing. For 5 minutes he condemned Mr. Holder for questionable methods, for 2 seconds he referred to Mr. Holder as an 'ab?e and conscientious' Treasurer; for 5 minutcM he 'deprecated Jriving private- indivi- duals, who knew the backstairs of the Trea sury, an unfair advantage, and for tb» balanco of the time occupied he nit out pretty straight. Mr. .Solomon said that skiving, all he cou'd to let the Treasurer down lightly, Mr. Phyford had confirmed all (hat he (Mr. Solomon) hod asserted. The House should stronglv resent such transactions. ?Mr. Parlinp had every confidence in the stability of the country, Out he protested against the way in which the Treasurer bad concealed the actual state of the finanrvs. He had never dreamt that the Treasurer was receiving money clandestinely irom one or two favoured individuals. If tbe Trea surer had publicly notified that he was tak ing money, Mr. Holder could have got a quarter cf a million or more. There was an abundance or money in South Australia, and ii was all nonsense to talk of any tight .ness of the local money market. At the very time Unit the Treasurer was taking money from Elder,' Siratii, & Co. at 3 per cent, that firm was publicly adver tising -that it was taking deposits at 2 and 2V per cent. (Luugktac) Splendid JMUBseca! He could have got for him a million on such terms. He protested against the financing methods adopted by the Trea surer. (Mr. Brooker, ltesiiatingU--'He has done away with the middleman.') This was too good a point for Mr. Darling to miss, and he turned the laugh against the 'anti- middlemen.' Why, Hhe Treasury had thrown himself into the arms of the middle men, and shown himself to be financially indebted to middlemen. (Laughter.) ' (Mr. Solomon—' 'Democrats!' Elder, Smith and Co.' Laughter.) For half an hour Aus tralia's prince of grain merchants treated the House to. an excellent address on the working of the Exchange market. For six years the Treasurer had followed Knee laid down by Micawber. (Mr. O'Lougblin— 'Ah, but he's come out all right.' Laughter.) ' Mr Burgoyne thought that the enquiry would do good, from whatever point of view they looked at it Mr. Roberts ex pressed pleasure that a spirit of criticism was growing in the Assembly. 'Whilst ask ing for tiie withdrawal of tiie motion, he did not approve of the system of financing brought to lipbt. Mr. GDts complained of the system followed and of the undue ad vantage given to one firm of woolbrokers over others. It was unfair to other busi ness houses. He joined with other members in congratulating Mr. Solomon on the good ic had done in disclosing the transaction. Mr. Hutchison complimented Mr. Grainger on the manner he had introduced the sub ject. He had confidence in Mr. Holder, but admitted that the system might prove dan' cerouft in the hands of some Treasurers. Mr..Caldwcll would not be satisfied until they had a Committee of Finance, the same as other colonies. Mr. McDonald consider ed the House and country 'were indebted to the Solomon Government for Uie ser vices they had rendered during their term of office. Mr. Archibald supported the Go vernment, but considered the Treasurer had made nn error of judgment, and appealed to him on patriotic motives not to do it again. M-r. Kincptpn then ro«e full of apparent righteous indignation. Ha slashed about him in n style which recalled some lines in the White Feather tomedy, where a de posed diief sings: — I'm chief o{ the tribe «t tbe Wa-wa- ta-sce, As savagQ a favace as savage cau be; I've sculped aud I've murdered full many a foe— V)horus. Yes, yes; but that happened a long-time ago. Though now a private member, Mr. King ston's broadsides attracted attention, whiist Uovernnieut stocks -rapidly tone to a pre mium. Mr. Solomon; -lie said, had tried to trick Mr. Holder * out - of ounce, but had failed to move a motion of no confidence, when the Treasurer came into power] as he consistently should have done. Tnat attempt had devolved upon Mr. Grainger, who had been collaborating with Mr. boio n-on. (Mr. Grainger aud Mr. Solomon— Quite incorrect. Mr. Grainger— I'll tell you what 1 think of you. directly.) Accepting the full risk of such a threat, the member for West Adelaide forged straight ahead. In scathing terms he deprecated the dis graceful practices of some hon. members of n*akiug infamous charges and indulging in imputations. Members inconsiderately laughed, just us if the right hon. £tntlcman this indulging in a good joke. But he was very much in earnest, and the Politician as Preacher delivered a forceful sermon, which miglit nave had the Golden Kule— cum— Ten Commandments— cum— Sermou on Mount as a text. He ex tolled the Treasurer, considered his oppo nents had been put to rout, and closed a yigorous address by challenging the enemy to 'come on' and do their worst. Mr. Grainger referred to the'bounce and bluster' they liad just experienced. Mr. Kingston, he said, practised the old game of skulking behind , members and speaking list. Mr. Solomon had no knowledge ot the tabling of the motion, and Mr. King ston's insinuation had no truth in it. Mr. Kingston's history in South Australia made it unnecessary for anybody to bring accu sations against him. His actions spoke louder than words, but he (Mr. Grainger) would not pursue that subject. Had the Treasury advertised he could have obtain ed half a million or more on better terms. The Treasurer had. wilfully deceived the House by withholding information, and only giving half the truth when questioned on the condition of the finances. Members had reason to be suspicious. (Mr. Kingston —Suspicion ever haunts the guilty mind.) Then the bon. member must be haunted by a ghost day and night. (Laughter.) Mr. Grainger asked leave to withdraw his motion, but Mr. Kinpfton loudly cried 'No,' and it was negatived on the voices. Motions in tiie names of Mr. Giles for a Commission on educational system; of Mr. Grainger in reference to elections for tiie Federal Parliament; Mr. Glynn on effective voting, were swept oS the paper. ^Tfae Treasurer delivered a sneech on Mr. Wood'* motion dealing wttfo the perennial . Arthur will case, and the matter dropped, owing to a motion for a fortnight's adjournment having been negatived. After the dinner hour Mr. Rouosevell took up the tale on the Government policy, and devoted considerable attention - to the 'erratic' methods?, of financing, and then twitted the so- called 'Liberals/1 who. after nailing their 'household suffrage' flag, to tiie mast had struck it. Those members would probably be teard again indulging in mock heroics. There was no chance of the £15 Franchise BH1 passing in tie Council. He defended the action of the Solomon Go vernment in connection with the negotia tions with the Glenelg RLufway Company. Mr. Kingston, who followed, said he rose with harmonious, feelings. (Laughter. Mr. Glynn— Wajrneriin harmony.') He wantet nothing made in Germany. (Laugbter.] The Kingston Government couW have held office if they had given way. The hon. mem ber Mhen paid a tribute of praise 'to his old colleagues, those who were in office again and those left out. He was stand ing out (Mr. Livingston— 'And still boss tbs show.') Members looked, up astonish ed at the source of 'such an interjection.) He never bossed anything. (Laughter.) The defeat 'of the Kingston Ministry was tiie betrayal of a (treat cause— 'house- hold suffrage.' (Mr. Wood, tenderiy-'Oh, isn't this rich.') Then the House for on hour was treated to one of the ablest speeches heard in the Assembly for many o, day. Mr. Kingston rose to federal alti tudes of eloquence, and delighted his audi ence with a thoughtful, forceful, and elabo rate address on the franchise question, the constitutional position, and his own rela tions towards household suffrage, and the proposal to come down to a £15 qualifica tion. From his point of view it was a capital speech — too exhaustive and closely reasoned to lend itself to a summary. But tbe ex-Premier could not keep it up. In the second hour Mr. Kingston fell from his high estate, and indulged in an all-round personal attack, which was shared.vby the Boo.-J. L. Stirling, and Measrs. Solomon, Burgoyne, Glynn,; «ad others who, in the opinion of the ex- Premier, had sinned in some way or another. There were big sms and little sins, but «ms 4bey were when measured by Mr. Kingston's code of honour: Mr. Burgoyne was Constrained to exclaim— 'Oh. what trifling is this!' Mr. Glynn took the matter seriously— notwith- standing that Mr. Kingston smiled just as much aa he. fumed- and' f roamed— *nd he interjected freely. At the close of his ad dress Mr. . Kingston ? was ? ? loudly cheered, and three Ministers and several - members walked acnoM sad ?warmly shook him by the hand. Mr. Burgoyne thereupon, ob tained ao adjournment of the debate. \- The Commissioner of Public Works mar fid #* Momd xadisfr s£ tto OkwkJtaiV way BUI, and vse followed by 'several speakers, who urged that the existing rights of population along the lines of rait ways should be observed. Mr. Glynn made some pointed references to Mr. Kingston's ' insinuations.' No member had a right to mpute dishonesty again* any other- mem -er. The negotiations with the Glenelg Company were further explained,. and the 3dl was taken into Committee. When there Mr. Price inserted on amendment with a view of preventing deviations being made without the knowledge 6f Parliament. The measure was taken up to its final stage. The balance of tiie sitting was devoted to reducing the . Notice-paper, and the Pre mier notified that he would ask members to meet at 2 o'clock on Friday oad Monday next, and then mornings, atternoons, and evenings until the Governor arrived for prorogation purposes. 