THE DEVIL'S HEAD. CHAPTER XXIV. IN THE NIGHT TIME. Whilst returning to the castle, Oriana thought over what had just happened, and felt a misery such as she had not suffered for months. For this conversation brought back with startling vividness the tragedy of Philip's death, the remembrance of the suspicion she had attached to the man she loved, the recollection of the almost unendurable terrors from which she had suffered so long. Moreover, she believed that Foulsham associated her with a terrible crime. There was no mistaking his meaning. Nor were his surmises unreasonable. He had heard her cry out, he had seen her hurry away that memorable night, and like all who knew her, he was aware that later on she had lost none of the advantages that a marriage with Philip would have secured her. All that was plain ; what remained obscure was whether Foulsham considered Rigel, who had profited so much by Phillip's death, had connived at it, leaving her to act. This insidious doubt roused all her nervous fears afresh, and served as a theme for increased self-torture. Foulsham seemed honest ; but how long would he remain so ? He had taken an oath to keep silent, but would he some day break it ? If he failed to prosper abroad would he return to haunt her, to menace, to demand ? The wonder was that others—game keepers or labourers, those who by accident or occupation had been in the park that night - had not seen her. For all she knew someone else had watched her, and would in time come forward to accuse her. There was really no security for her so long as life lasted ; she daily walked upon a mine that might explode at any moment. She was haunted by a thousand threatening thoughts, that bewildered her until her pulse throbbed at fever pitch, and she began to experience that sickly, numbing pain that had frequently attacked her head in the past. From the moment Foulsham spoke she had resolved to give him all she possessed, Rigel had settled on her a thousand a year, which she was free to spend as she pleased. On her honeymoon his excessive generosity prevented her from touching this sum, which would still be to her credit in full if her brother had not borrowed from her. She still had some seven hundred pounds left, and this she would hand to Foulsham. Though it would lessen her nervous dread to tell Rigel what had taken place, she was determined to keep it secret from him, for she knew it would distress him and she feared he would not allow her to remain under suspicion even at the risk of confessing what really had happened. And that must never be known. She would declare herself guilty rather than allow him to suffer, for she loved him dearer than her life. At dinner that night she was without appetite, her pallor was noticeable and it was with difficulty she subdued her nervousness. The party consisted of herself and Rigel, his aunt, and Lady George Sedgemoor. " I have had a letter today, " said Lady Trentham, whilst the soup was being served, " from that erratic creature Dr. Bickersteth, who tells me he has returned to town, where at present there are very few of his friends, so that he doesn't quite know what to do with himself." " Why not ask him to come and stay here ?" Rigel suggested. " If it were agreeable to Oriana, I should much like to invite him," answered the countess, with her winning smile. " My dear aunt," said the hostess, " you know how pleased we should be to welcome any friend of yours." " That is most kind of you, my dear, and I will certainly ask him. Rigel has already met him ; he is an old friend of Lady George and I'm sure you will find him very interesting." " He is what I call decidedly breezy," remarked the society entertainer. " And now the question arises," Lady Trentham said, addressing Oriana, "as to where you will put him ; for though he is a bachelor - poor man - it will seem comfortless to send him away to the bachelor's quarters where he would have none of his species for neighbours." " There is the great tapestry room at the end of the corridor," replied Oriana. " Yes, as he has nerves of iron, I dare say he will not object to sleeping in a haunted room." " A haunted room ?" repeated Oriana, full of interest. " I never heard it had a ghostly character," said Rigel, who strove to conceal his seriousness under the cover of a smile. " Ah, you have yet to learn all the family traditions. You might as well cxpect an old place like this to be without ivy as to be without a ghost," answered Lady Trentham. " Have you seen him ?" asked Oriana, breathlessly, her eyes full of eagerness. " If I had, my dear, I should not be here ; the fright would have killed me. When I was a girl I always ran past the door of that room." " You really believed in him ?" Lady George said in surprise. " I respected him as an ancient tradition," the countess answered evasively. " How delighted Mrs. Ford Childerbert would be to meet him." " Why does he haunt this room in particular ?" questioned Rigel. " Because it was there he poisoned his brother, to whose title and estates he succeeded." Rigel felt a cold thrill pass through him, whilst Oriana held her breath, her anxiety preventing her from any further questioning of the countess. " I will point out his portrait in the gallery tomorrow," continued Lady Trentham. " He looks remarkably handsome, and somewhat wicked. Perhaps it was for both reasons he became a favourite with Queen Elizabeth, and it is said that like many others he spent more money on her than he ever received from her. At all events he was deeply in debt and was falling into discredit at court when it occurred to him that he might enrich himself by poisoning his elder brother, who was unmarried. The dose was given him in his beer one morning as he lay in bed, by the younger brother who, with locked door, listened to his agonies until the end came. He died himself within a year and in that same room, which grew to have a horrible fascination for him, and ever since he is said to haunt it. My nurse would never be persuaded that she had not seen him." " His penance has lasted a long time - over 300 years," Lady George said, laughing sceptically. " Poor spirit ! Poor spirit !" murmured Oriana earnestly. Rigel said nothing, and from that time until the end of the dinner those at table failed to regain the unrestrained flow of their spirits. When more than once Lady George broached some lively subject it fell flat, and left a greater blank behind ; as might the sudden sound of laughter that had momentarily startled the stillness of a vault. In the drawing-room, Rigel and his aunt played chess, Lady George sang and Oriana read. The three women retired early, Rigel taking himself to the library, where he intended to read for some time. Seated in a great chair, his feet in slippers, he smoked in peace and read with delight chapter after chapter of a charming biography just published. The silence was unbroken without and within, save for the striking of the tower clock. Suddenly, a piercing shriek was heard ringing through the night. Rigel, recognising Oriana's voice and was electrified with horror. Instantly he started to his feet, but before he could reach the door a second shriek was heard. Rushing through the hall, he sprang upstairs, along a corridor and into Oriana's room. He was first to enter and found her alone wrapped in a white dressing gown, her hair tossed like waves of flame around her shoulders, her eyes wild with terror, fear expressed in every feature and in every movement. " Oriana," he called out, his heart sinking at sight of her, '"what has happened ?" At first she did not appear to see or hear him. Her white lips were muttering inarticulate words, her long fingers were twitching convulsively, and her eyes were strained as if she was seeking some abnormal sight, " Oriana," he called again, his horror deepening. With a start she looked at and clung to him, just as her aunt, Lady George, and a couple of maids entered. " I have seen him. I have seen him. Let me keep near you, for I fear him. Oh, Rigel, Rigel, come between us. He hates me - I saw it in his eyes." " Who ?" her husband asked. " Philip. He was here. He came close to me. His breath turned me to ice. I cannot bear to see him again - to see his eyes full of reproach. Save me. Keep near me - keep near me." Rigel put his arms round her pityingly ; she was trembling from head to foot and her hands were cold as marble. " You are merely nervous, you have imagined - " " No, no," she interrupted. " He was here ; I know he was here." " My dear child,'"said Lady Trentham. " I am to blame for having frightened you with my foolish story." Oriana looked at the startled compassionate faces around her, and then said gently, penitently like a child : " Forgive me for having startled you. I could not help it, and God grant he may never come to me again. But he was here ; I know he was here." 