[All Rights Reserved.] [PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] THE MYSTERY OF THE DARK HO USE. By "RITA," Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "Two Bad Blue Eyes," "A Woman In It," "Darby and Joan," "The Grinding Mills of God," "A Daughter of the People," "A Husband of No Importance," etc., etc. (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XXX. The mysterious house of Penharva had long been left to gloom and soli- tude. The rooms were closed and locked, the windows barred. The si- lence of death reigned everywhere, and rumour pronounced it haunted. The heir had been advertised for in vain, and though one or two distant links of the broken family chain put in claims, Mr. Malpas pronounced them valueless. No clue had been found to the mur- derer. The two witnesses, Ruth and Peter Pasco, were reduced to semi- imbecility by the terror of that night, and the local police were at a dead- lock very soon. Arrests had been made, but no proof could be actually brought, and wanderers and tramps, despite auspicious appearances, are not of necessity criminals. Month fol- lowed month, and the mystery of Miss Penharva's death remained a mystery still, and sufficed for local gossip in many a farmhouse or fisherman's cot- tage as time went by. Meanwhile the child lived on at Mrs. Sylvester's rural domicile, and grew rosy and strong and beautiful, and was the idol of her heart, and equally adored by Sarah Webbe. When Marian went to town for a taste of the season's gaieties she left the boy to her friend's charge, and the cats and dogs and prim old Patience had a lively time of it. Sarah Webbe obstinately refused to accompany her friend on any of these expeditions. She knew Dolores had won a brilliant success. She read her name in the London papers, but noth- ing would induce her to witness a stage performance, and she was still convinced that a playhouse was the road to ruin for anyone of the weaker sex. She invited her niece on periodi- cal visits, but they had little in com- mon, and Dolores' holidays were brief and much taken up with the study of new parts. Life for her had suddenly become a brilliant and engrossing thing, but also it was full to the brim of work and anxiety. She lived now in a small flat, whose dainty appoint- ments boasted of no luxury. Neither did she entertain in any way that de- manded the accessories of champagne and cigars and Fortnum and Mason's delicacies. At five o'clock she was usually to be found in her little drawing- room dis- pensing tea to such callers as chose to drop in on business or pleasure, but further than this she never went. No after-theatre suppers tempted her, no dinners at Richmond, or festive parties on steam launch or house- boat. Occasionally she accompanied Ericson and Elderhof on a Sunday to some quiet river nook, and allowed herself to be rowed or punted to Cook- ham, or Windsor, or Henley; but dearly as she loved such excursions she often denied them to herself and the two friends who adored her in their dif- ferent ways. As yet her name was in a measure respected. The money paid for her debut in the new opera had convinced Leverson that she had some powerful "backer," but her success and un- doubted talent won a sullen acknow- ledgement from him that she was not over-estimated by this unknown in- fluence. The Public—that great, strange, mysterious power which makes itself at times an independent force hailed her as favourite with one ac- cord. The months of anxious study, the care and weariness of hours spent on seeming trivialities, had their re- ward at last. Her beauty and her voice would not alone have sufficed for suc- cess. On the stage she evinced a gaiety, a chic, a charm that was quite apart from her natural character. So those said who only found in her a seriousness and culture which are not the usual qualifications of an actress of the opera bouffe type. The truth was that all that Dolores had missed, the sunny girlhood, the carelessness and vivacity and single-heartedness of youth, came to her in her stage re- presentations. When alone she was a saddened woman with a burdened conscience and much natural bitterness of heart. On the boards she was free, "careless, enchanting, indifferent, but capable of charm and able to let her- self go with a supreme abandonment of pleasure in all she did, and pride in the success she won. She loved her work. It engrossed and delighted her, and she loved the applause she gained for it. Elderhof had done her a good ser- vice in writing for her voice and style, and the two became firm friends on the strength of their mutual helpfulness. The piece had an exceptional "run," and he was commissioned to do an- other. But Dolores had no rest allowed her. Leverson knew a "good thing" when he got it, and did not intend rival mana- gers to secure his "star." He engaged her for three years at a salary that amazed her, and made her promise that she would enter into no new arrange- ments without giving him the option of a re-engagement. Thus all fear for the immediate future was set at rest. She had only to nurse her health and strength, and she saw herself on the way to fortune. She studied much, and read much. She had few friends, though she never closed her doors to any members of her own profession. They amused and astonished her, but she felt there was between their reck- lessness and her own sorrows a gulf fixed that they would not and she could not cross. The quietness of her way of living, and the superior class of men allowed in her rooms, astonished the more lively of her actress friends. They could not understand it. But even the most reckless of these bejewelled and bephotographed celebrities felt themselves in another sphere when they entered the little flat in Chelsea and took their afternoon tea from the hands of the beautiful woman whose sad eyes held a history they vainly tried to fathom. She never checked their impulses of gaiety, never, save by a look of sur- prise, stopped a risky story or a naughty jest. But neither did she en- courage them. Some of the more dar- ing spirits declared those teas too "toney" altogether for their taste, and dropped out of attendance; but a great many other pronounced them charm- ing and good style, and recognised that they met with an altogether different reception from Dolores Dering to what they did at Marian Stom's, or Magda- lena Ord's, or Phyllis St. Claire's, also leading lights in the theatrical world. The general idea was that Dolores was a bit "near." It was known she had a good salary, yet she lived very simply, with an elderly housekeeper as sole attendant. She never wore a jewel, her dresses were of the plainest, and she usually walked to the theatre in fine weather, or took a 'bus in bad. All this was quite at variance with stage traditions, and they could not un- derstand it. What was she saving for? Why didn't she support Bond- street dresses, and give champagne suppers, and generally enjoy herself in approved "Cigale" fashion? They could not understand it, but not even the boldest spirit among them dared put the question. One thing was evi- dent. Their respective admirers were safe. For men, rich or poor, titled or shoddy. Dolores cared not a whit. No callow lordling nor Stock Exchange autocrat laid his fortune at her feet, or his banking account at her dis- posal. She was proudly, coldly, indifferent to all classes of men. The boldest could not boast of a favour, nor the richest of encouragement. It was marvellous, but it was true, and after these years of public life no scandal had made her name public property. Every penny she could spare Dolores sent to Mr. Malpas, and by him it was used for little David's benefit. He professed to be the child's guar- dian, as Miss Penharva had decreed, but allowed him to remain with Mrs. Sylvester for the present, paying for his board, clothing, and later on for his education, which was conducted by a governess who came daily from Pen- zance to initiate his juvenile mind in the mysteries of the three R's. The boy had an ideal child's life, Dolores had declared he should, and she could have chosen no one more capable of carrying out her wishes than was Marian Sylvester. He was out in the open air in all weathers. The fishermen taught him to row and sail a boat. His mother had sent him a small sure-footed pony, through his guardian's mediumship, and his bright face and golden curls were a well-known sight between Land's End and Penzance. He was on friendly terms with everyone in the district, but it was only when Dolores came to stay that he had unlimited holiday. The two were sworn friends now. They would spend the whole day out of doors, sail- ing from bay to bay, or riding or driv- ing to the many picturesque districts around the coast. When he was seven years old she took him to the Scilly Isles for a few weeks. She had never been there since that brief stay, cut short by the tragedy of Miss Penharva's death. It may have been that reason that brought the memory of the murder so keenly to her mind that she one day questioned the boy on the matter. They were on the water as usual, sailing on a ruffled sea of crystal blue towards the Western Isles. The boy had been demonstrating to the admir- ing boatman that he knew perfectly how to set a sail, and now had re- turned to his mother's side, hot and ruddy and important, and thrown him- self down with his head leaning against her knee. "Davy," she said, "do you remember when you were a little boy and lived in a house that was always dark, with a white-haired lady who was very fond of you?" He drew his brows together in a puzzled frown. "Was it Mis'ry, you mean?" he asked abruptly. "Yes," she said eagerly. "That was what you called her." "Of course, I remember her," he said. "Why, she comes to see me night times often." "What!" exclaimed Dolores, breath- lessly. "Yes," he went on gravely. "I never tell no one, but she sits on my bed and looks at me exactly just as she used to do. I know her quite well. Only she won't speak; not ever she won't speak. But she looks so sad, as if she had something to tell me and couldn't. Just before I go to sleep she comes; same as always she did in the Dark House, you know." Dolores' heart beat fast. She knew the stories told of Penharva. She knew, too, the popular belief that Miss Ursula "walked," and would so walk until her murder was avenged. The child spoke so frankly and simply she had no need to doubt his own belief in what he said, neither did she; but her faith in ghosts and spirits was far re- moved from the strength of Cornish superstitions, and his simple declara- tion filled her with wonder. "Every night does she come, Davy?" she asked. "Oh, no! not every night. Some times it's a long time I don't see her; then she will be there, two or three nights. Dolly, where is she? Do they shut her up in that dark house all alone? She is so white, just as if she never saw the sun, or the sea, or walked in the garden as I made her. And I'm not ever allowed to go to Penharva. The gates are all barred and rusty, and it looks so dark. I peep through the bars sometimes, but no one's there, and old Ruth she says Mis'ry has gone away. But if she's gone away, why does she come and see me, Dolly?" He always called his mother by the name her aunt and Marian Sylvester used, and she loved to hear it. At that strange question she felt her cheek pale, and a chill of terror stilled her throbbing pulses. "Are you—sure?" she asked hoarsely. "Of course I'm sure. I know she comes." "Then, ask her—ask her if she has anything to say—she may be in trouble, in sorrow—and if she would tell you." Her voice broke. What was she talking about? How could the dead speak? What could this vision, this voiceless form be but a phantasm of the brain, a dream-picture impressed on the child's memory? Yet for all her scepticism this simple belief claimed her attention. She gazed into the boy's deep eyes and re- membered that what was hidden from the wise was sometimes revealed to babes. "Davy, dear," she said again, "when did she come to you last?" "Last night," he answered. Dolores started. "What—here?—in your room here? Where was I?" "I think you was asleep," he answered. Grammar was not Davy's strong point. "It was all dark and I woke, and there she was sitting; and she seemed light somehow, and I could see her quite plain. But I was so sleepy I only said, 'Good-night, Mis'ry,' anc wen't to sleep again." Dolores clasped her hands together tightly. Her agitation increased. "Davy, if she should come again will you ask her something? Will you ask her this? 'Have you anything to tell me?' " He raised his head, and looked sur- prised. ' "Oh, yes, but I don't s'pose she will, she never does. But I'll tell you what. I'll call you in, and you talk to her," "Oh, no. It might—I mean she wouldn't like it. It is you she wants, I'm sure. She was so fond of you, dear." Half-musingly the words escaped, but the child's quick intelligence gave them meaning. "She is fond of me," he said. "But she's not my right own mother, is she?" "No," said Dolores, huskily. "No, Davy. She only took you when you were a little friendless baby, and gave you home and shelter and love because —because your own mother couldn't." "That's what Aunty Sylvester says, and Aunty Sarah." He called them aunts promiscuously. "Then I had an own mother, Dolly, somewhere, like other children?" "Yes—and she loved you very, very dearly. But she had to give you up to Miss Penharva because she was very poor and friendless, and could not have you with her." "Did you know her?" asked the boy, with the startling abruptness that marks a child's aptitude for jumping at conclusions. "Yes," said Dolores. He sat bolt upright now, and looked into her face. "Then where is she now?" he asked. "Can't she never come back and take care of me, and let me help her, and work for her same as other boys work? I could fish and——" She stopped him with a touch on his eager lips. "Dear child, you are happy, cared for, why should you want her?" He considered a moment. "It seems right to have one's own mother," he said. "But I daresay she'll come back some day. Look here"—with a new eagerness—"sup- pose, I ask Mis'ry next time I see her where my motheir is?" "No," said Dolores, with sudden pas- sion, and there was fear in her eyes and in her voice. "No, Davy, not that. Ask her only if we shall go to the Dark House, you and I. Perhaps we shall find something, some clue the secret of what she wants to say, Davy—the secret of her death." She paused abruptly. The child's face looked white and strange. "But she's not dead," he said, in a queer little puzzled way. "Not like old Peter was when they put him in the wooden box. Ruth says she's at Penharva still. She's seen her walk. Dead folks don't walk, Dolly, do they?" She shook her head. "No, child, perhaps she's not dead, only shut up there in those grim, dark rooms. We'll go and see her, dear, you and I. It is not kind to have left her in that dark loneliness so long." "You're crying, Dolly!" exclaimed the child. "Your eyes are all wet." "It is only the spray," she said, and smiled. But when he gave back his attention to the sail and the dancing waves, she turned her head aside and wiped away those sudden tears from eyes grown anxious and troubled within these brief last moments. (To be Continued.) 