(ALL RI(r5.T« P-T2SERTED.)' THE THUMB-PRINT. Br JOHN" K. LEYS, CHAPTER XIV.—(Continued.) Gerald, sitting in a deep armchair by the window, was in the shadow, and apparently forgotten. He thought he caught a glance of disappointment pass between Grainger and t:;,i 1 aptain. bur ho could not bo sure. Mullen and hn companion sat down, and the game bt'tran. t»uraid s Uv< imp-ibe had been to leave the room as the Irishman entered it ; hut he was very ciaiiiortable where he was, r.nd he decided that ir v.-.-aid draw attention to the ban relations subsist;n.; between himself amUbe Irishntar."il'J Ivit'tho room. After ail. hi: thought, as he was not going to play with tiki fedlow it did not matter. So he sac where lie was, enjoying the exl night air and the fragrance of his cigar, and umu<in" himself by watching the faces o: the players' and speculating on the nature of their hands roa; their expression. _ Almost from the first ho could see that Mudon was ^winning. and in a minor degree Stodusrt. iuore than once Gerald was in vited to return to the card table, bur he re!used, at last saying, with a touch of irri tation. "You know verv well that I'm cleaned out, and have run iii debt to Grainier besides, if I had to " He stopp'ed no; curing io k:iv anything more about his financial position before Mullen, bnt I here was an r.r.-hwrd pause. After that they lott him r.lonc. Gerald's cigar was smoked out, and still he sat dreaming by the window. It was gett;ng near midnighl. Suddenly rt>todd;:rt started usj. saving that he should •< .jtiit." He bad' lost all he. meant to lose. I.t- said, and more than he could pay whhout inconvenience. Grainger,' too, baa lost: and to Gerald's intense annov iince he galnorc-d taat lie had passed over to Ulutien, who seemed to be tTic- oniv "winner, the I.t'.L . s which he h.id himself given to Grainger earlier in the evening. He~did not •at ail like Mullen's being his creditor, but he supposed there was no help for it. He knew lie could raise the monsy somehoir bv running up io London ne::t day. Then he remembered that lie could not leave Tvn niottth be lore Mullen left, in ca.se the fellow should subject I'.ila to further ainiovance. and he cursed his own Miy in getting into such a scrape. It was just possible, he thought, that Gascoigne. whom he expected to "see next day. might be able to' lend him the money, though he knew that Gascoigne was a poor man. -i-he men wlto had been tdayintr poker wc-ro^ now preparing to go. "Gerald looked at his watch. It was only a quarter to twelve—net late, by any means. He had seen the dun come in before some of Grainger's plea-ant little parties broke up. 'Mullen was glorying :-.i his triumph, as vulgar men wfron do, with wnall considera tion for tho foeHngs <>t those who had lost their money to lnm. lie was standing up. and counting a bundle ..? banknotes and I.O.L. s, wliioi repre-SL-iile t Ins winnings. \- " I.1'1-1 S'Jod many of your sisilt-.:tares here," he said to Volteur, who sat opposite him, with a pleasant nod, " as well as a few belonging to a gentleman who shall "be name less. (]TC bad in reality forgotten that Gerald was in the room.)* " And all I can say is tnat I shall be very hap-y- to give any or you gentlemen your revenge wlien ever yon desire it." , one, apparc-dly, cared to take up this challenge, and Mullen proceeded to take a dark green leather letter case from the dress poe.-tet o: the -shooting-jacket he was wearing and place the bundle of banknotes mid. I.O.I, s inside it. "'That's all right,'"' he said, with a .seh s itisiied -stniio, as he put the letter crsu back into his packet, and moved away from the table. Gerald, who had been watching him with considerable disgust, happened to -iance ;.t Captain Y'.Jteur, who w.ts looking at the successful Irishman, and saw envy and "reed sparkling m Li;; dark eyes. •• j •- 'r bc-irSr !" fia' i :v! I ti::a*elL "I suppose !ie"would a.O!;'st give hi s no:,> ri a I ;o:n i o ha vu t ha* pile in h:; own p;.:ke.. I shouldn't wonder if he iliats a <.lur.c-.iity in raking up these I.O.U.'s." Iv.'erj aody was o-n-y talking over the incidents or the game, mo, with a nou to his h°-vM ^-eraid passed out of tae room un observed. __C)a;side the door he paused, for he felt disinclined to go up to his room. lie felt, isure ue com.?, not sleep. The niaht was fine, he said to h-Uiself. _ Why should he not go for a stroli? He had drunk quite ni much ■wine at dinner as was good for him, and Gi;:.:.i.e/ ii.i.l prcs-ed some Benedictine upon him, which had proved tmnh more seductive than the claret at the table d'hote. Besides, he had been smoking all the evening. The f*c>:i aa", he ueciaed, would do him a W'O'kl of g'.'Od. -is he rc.ieaot; the to -t of the stiirs thjt led to the l](a>r above he remembered that his light summer overcoat was hangi..g in a room oil tiie haU df.;wnslairs. It was not necessary to go un to change his dr<r-s\ as he had intended doing. lie would wear n'-.a over coat above his evenir;g dr<<ss. In tne hail the light was burning low, and the hotel porter wits dotting in "his chair. Gerald went up to him, and the man was instantly on Ids f..,.-t. Jl:,.vc s0:ne fresh air, Williams," said Gii'ald, who knew him by name, •• but 1_ don't want to keep y,u up. Can't you ::ie a. latchstey, or sonnjihing oi that •• shook his head. " Ir's as much a3 my place is worth, sir, ' he said, " io do iaucii a te.ing. jL»at I think I can work it. I sleep in a tittle room that opens out of a passage eh:se to a side door. Just follow me sir, and 111 show you." He led uerald down a cr-rridor that ran, apparently, to the regions of the kitchen", turned down a passage cn Ins right, and came to a door that was used by the trades men when delivering provisions at the hotel. Close to t:i;s outer door -,yas another tint stood half-open. A faint light •dimnru^d from it. . " hhat s uiy room, ' said the porter, point ing to the half-op3n door. "I am a light sleeper, and ifyou give a gentle tap with the knocker on this door m be sure to hear it. 1 ii me and lei' you in. Mr. Johnson is erv particular aoout my not r.penhi" the front doar after twelve." 3 G -'raid thanked the man, and slipped half a-ctvwn into his ready palm as he went out into the cool night air. A short passage brought him to the open space in front or the hotel. He stood there for a moniem, uncertain which way he .should turn. It was very still. The onlv sound was the gentle plash of the waves as* they broke at tne foot of trie rocks many feet below. It was inaudible in the day time, but now, v.uien every .other sound was stilled, it could be heard quite plainly. Gerald thought he snettld like a. Jook tit tho sea, and he turned his s(eps_towards a path cut out of the face of the cihj for the use of the hotel trues:s when they wish-d to get down to the beach. A dim ghastly radiance from a new moon, that \> as scarcely more than a silver sickle in kht? sky, touched without illuminating the wide waste of waters. There was no move ment in the .steely plain. It stretched away .to the horizon like a half- visible eternity " t.The sea breetw blew .softly. It scarcely sarred the iremulous arms of a silver birch that grew in a cranny of the cliii'. Gerald sat down under its shadow, and let his gaze :travel idly -seaward. His thoughts™ naturally turned "to the girl nose lair fame ne had pledged hiiii.-ielf • to uefend. The difficulties of the situation came bacjc^to hum The case was full of diffi emaes. How was he to prevent Mullen's publishing to the world the shame of Ella's mother ? The Irish lawyer was cunning enough not to threaten to act by himself. He had open■>' said that .another would do his dirty work But, in that case, how.could the law help him ( How ask for an injunction to prevent tne publication of the'scandal when the actual offender was unknown, to hrni ? Perhaps he might ask for an injunc tion against-tho editor and publisher of the Mayfair Budget." But ho felt tolerably certain thut it would not bo granted for these men had threatened nothing, and mh'ht be, even m intention, wholly innocent. And the mere attempt to obtain the injunction would probably bring about the publicity lie was so anxious to avoid. Besides, ho could not specify all the facts or supposed facts the publication of which ho wished to prevent, because he had not seen the newspaper cuttings. Then, suddenly, a mad idea came into the young man's head. What was to prevent him from going into Mullen's Bedroom when he got back to the hotel; and taking tho compromising papers from Mullen's pocket 1 It would be a good thing to destroy them, for the cuttings could not be easily replaced • and besides, he would be able to show them to Gascoigne and see what- he thought of them. In any case, it -would be an intense satisfaction to Ella it she could burn them with her own hands. This last thought decided him. He would do it As for the risk to himself, he thought nothing of it. It would be awkward, cer tainly, if Mullen were to catch him in. his room, but Gerald thought he would be able ] to manage so that he should not do that. And as for charging him with the^:theft,: that, Gerald knew, was practically impossi ble. Mullen would be forced, so he would be the first to see, to say what the papers were, as he would be compelled to confess in the witness-box. the infamous use he said would be made of them. No magistrate, Gerald felt sure, would listen to the charge j of theft for a moment. Of c-jur.se, as soon as lie had shown the 'papers to Gascoignc, he would tell Mullen that ho had taken them, j and dare him to pro;:ot'ute him. I It was indeed a mad idea, but to the hot blooded young man this way of cutting the knot of his difficulty was not without its attractions. Of course, MuIIck might hr.\ > bolted his bedroom door, which, would put a stop to the execution of the plan; but Gerald thought the Irishman was not the kind of man to think of locking his door in a respect able house. It was in vain that prudence whispered in Gerald's ear that he was about to do a mad and foolish thing, which might set him into a mess. He shut bis ears to tne sugges.ion, and turning mounted the path that led to the hotel. lie gained admittance without difficulty ; and as the porter bolted the door behind him, he ssid, " I expect a friend down from town to-morrow. Can he have Number TO, do you think :'' He thought that 79 was Mullen's number, but he was not quits cer tain. It would not do to malje a mistake. "No, sir. he can't have 79.'' said the man, looking at him in some surprise. "It's occupied." "Are you sure 1" " Quite certain, sir. It's the Irish gentle man's room—Mr. Mullen." "Oh, then, I suppose, my friend must .lake the best there is vacant. Good- night, Williams." He passed into the great hall, where a light was burning, and up the wide, silent stair ease. At each binding there was a gas-jet alight, so that there was 110 fear of his losing : his way, and his feet made no noise on the thick Turkey carpet. Ascending to the third floor he made straight for Number 7'-, and laid his hand gently on the handle of the door. It at that moment- he h-id glanced behind him, he might have seen that one door further down the corridor was slightly, very slightly, ajar, and that an eager face was visible in the narrow slit which it made with the doorpost. But it never occurred to him that he might be watched. His only thought at that moment was a tear that Mullen might have bolted his door. With the utmost care ho turned the large, softly moving handle, and pushed the door gently. It yielded without a creak. Gerald bent down his ear and listened. as taat a rustle, as of someone moving ? No ; there was nothing io be heard but the heavy breathing of a sh-epmg man. Ger.ild pushed the door further open. Then he. slipped inside ami carefully clo?ed it bc-hiitci him. CIIAFfEJl XV. By a Mri:i>Eitr.i;'s Haxu. Mr. Harold Johnson, the manager of the Lynmouth hotel, was sitting at breakfast on the following morning when Williams, the porter of the establishment, burst into his room, his face white and his hands trem The manager sprang up in alarm. " Good God, 'WilHams : " he "cried, " what has happened?" ""Murder or suicide, sir, I don't know which," gasned our the man, as he sank into a chair. Mr. Johnson turned to a cupboard and took out a bottle of spirit?, some of which lie poured into a teacup, there being no glass in the room, and handed the cup to the porter. "Now, toll me what is wrong, and don't sit there staring like a man that has seen ghost-." " So I have, sir—that is, I've seen w*rse. I've see': a dead man—a jnan that was alive a:v\ Ivcfirty la-t night—no further gone—as vou wiii f.av y^urseh", sir, when I tell you his name." "You will drive me mad, I tlrnk ! Can't you speak, you idiot ? " shouted the manager, catching the man by the collar of his cat, as if he wanted 10 shake the words out of him. " What is it that has happened ? Who is dead V ' "Mr. Mulkr, the Irish sient'eman." " Goed heavens 1 Are v<-u sure i " "Certain sine, sir. lie is always very punctual of coming down to h-s breakfast ; and this moruir-g v.-Hen i: ;<<>t to nine o'clock and no signs of him Matthew.-; says to nir, ' Run up io No- 7!\' says he, ' ar.d a*k Mr. Mullen "if he wants his breakfast kept for him til! Doomsday.' say he "So 1 Y.'cnt up to No. 70. uv.d knocks at the door. No ansiver. I knocked again. Still no answer. Then 1 tried the handle of the door, and it opened at once. T looked in, and there was he lay in * on his had as if he was asleep. I spoke to him twice, but he made no answer, s:k: then I went up to lion and tool: him by the shoulder, thinking perhaps he had-taken a drop too much the ni -lit before. But it was the shoulder of a dead man that 1 touched. His face is the color of .v:ho.s, and his eyes wide open and starL'g." " Wait here," cried the manager, turning and running ■•in. of the room. He thought that very likely Mullen was in a fit. and ti'.-it it might be possible by prompt measures to save his life in spite of the delay that, had occurred. He sprang up tiie steps three at a time, and reached the door of Mullen's room. It stood wide. open, as William:; had left it. A couple of chambermaids were whispering together at a little distance, rant throwing scared glaneos at No. 79. Tiie manager went in and shut and bolted the door. One look at Mullen's face v/as enough to convince bins that the porter had not been mistaken. The man 011 the bed was dead. He had gone to his account. No living face ever looked like that since men lirst came into the world. Mr. Johnson nerved him self to close the staring eyes, and dreT a corner of the sheet over the ashy face. Otherwise he did not touch it. Then lie took a master key from his pocket and went out-, locking the door after him. After cautioning Williams to remain where he was and not breathe a word of what had hap pened, under penalty of instant dismissal, he went himself for the doctor. The doctor's house was within !iye minutes' walk of the hotel ; so that hardly a quarter of an hour had passed from the time of the alarm being given before the manager entered Mullen's room once more, accom panied by the doctor. "Dead beyond a. doubt, poor fellow!" said the doctor in a low tone, when he had turned dowv, the sheet. " But what is this ? " A bullet wound ? " He pointed to a round wound at the side of the dead mini's head, just behind the left' temple. " He has been shot, evidently." " Impossible, Dr. Lesson! "exclaimed the manager. "If a revolver had been fired in | this room, it is inconceivable that some of the people in the adjoining bedrooms should not-have been awakened by the report." " And how do you know that they were I not ? Have you questioned them '?" I "Not yet. But surely, if anyone had heard a pistol exploding in the night he would have rushed frcin his room and.given the alarm—or at least lie would have men tioned it thi.i_morning." "One would think so. But if the mur derer " " The murderer!" said Mr. Johnson. "Surely you do not mean ?" "What else could I mean? This was no accident," and he pointed to the lived wound on the dep.d man's temple. "I thought ho liiust have committed suicide." "Where is the revolver, then? I don't see saeh a thing about. _ They locked for a weapon, but. found nene. " Who was the first to discover this man s death?" asked the doctor sharply. <;;/-> •; "The hotel porter, Williams—a very steady, man. It seems that the poor man j the manager nodded-sideways towards the inanimate thing lying oh-'the" bed to- show whom he was referring to—",was. usually very punctual at broikfast, and as he did not appear for some time after the usual hour, the head waiter asked Williams-to-stop up and see when Mr. Mullen would be down. The man knocked, and got no answer, and peeped into the room. Seeing the occupant of the room in bed apparently asleep, he went forward to wake him, and saw that he was dead; Then he rushed down to tell me what I12 had seen. And as soon as I had seen with my own eyes that he was not talk ing nonsense, T went off for you." 1 "It is almost certain that death was not due to suicide," reflected the doctor, "or the weapon would have been found. And if a murder has been committed, who can have done it.? What can have been his motive ? JJo you know anyone staying in the bouse f ,bol'e a srrudge against the deceased ? " ne asked aloud. The manager started. He remembered, the scuffle in the billiard-room the day before, fri. Jtself it was nothing; but it certainly showed that a certain animosity existed be tween the two men. " I know one gentle man who had a few words with Mr. Mullen last night," said the manner slowly, as though lie were weighing his words before lie spoke tli3ut it is a long way from ■* hasty wore., or even a hot-tempered scuille, to deliberate, cowardly murder." "True," said the doctor." "And yet but I am travelling all this time out of my proper province. ^ ou will send notice at once, I suppose, to the coroner : and I will make an examination of the body. It will be little else than a formality, for no man on doubt what the cause of death has been After a little more talk about the arrange ments that had to be made, the manager left the doctor to proceed with his exammation of the body, and went downstairs. -Vs 3-et scarcely anyone _ in the hotel-110 one, m fact, except W illiams, who was still sittin™ 111 the manager's room, Mr. Johnson, and the doctor—knew of the tragedy that had occurred. The manager looked in at the wide-open door of the eoftee-rcom. The room was nearly empty. He beckoned to one of the waiters, a smart-looking young" man with a head several sizes too large for ■lis body, and the man came out to him at once. "You know Mr. Ashley? Was he at breakfast ?1 ]ic said sharply. I know him, sir. He had breakfast here, and left the coffee-room not ten minutes ago. Shall I see if lie is in the smoking-room, sir, or out on the verandah?" "I wish you would. But don't let him see that anyone is looking for him." . Tiie waiter smiled, and came back in less than live minutes with the information that Mr. Ashley was not in any of the public rooms of the hotel. He must either have gone out or he niusr be in his room upstairs. "I wish you would go and see," said the manager. "And if he is in his room take od these _ black things and put on plain clothes boiore you come down again. Be as smart as you can. I will wait fer you here. Stop a moment," ha added, as the waiter was moving away, "make some excuse for seeking Mr. Ashley in his own room, for I don c ^,.nt liim to iancy that—to fancv any thing, in short. Ask him if he is - he gentle man who ordered a riding-horse for this afternoon.'' *' I wonder win* he is slopping or, here, if —but perhaps he thinks it is the safest plan and I am not sure that he isn't right," he muttered to himself as he walked into a waiting-room that opened oat of the hall and commanded a view of it. While waiting there he wrote a note to the constable sta° tioned in the village, as well as a telegram ' to be sent to the chief constable of the county, and another for the coroner. By the time ho had finished James came baca, cJad in a suit o! sober grey tweeds He reported that Mr. Ashley was in his bed' room, and was engaged m wriiiiig, - '• "Wry good. jnow, James, I wish you io keep Mr. Ashley in sight for the present. If he lea-es his room you must follow him at a safe distance, so that he shall not know that • he is being shadowed. If he leaves the house send me word, but do not lose sight of liim yourself. \ ou understand ? ' " Certainly, sir. And if ho sends a letter to be delivered to anyone ?:' "\ou are a sharp lad, James," said the manager, with a smile. " What made you think of that-" ^ "Because I thought he was wrnin" a letter when I went into his room just now?" " Wei.', if he puts his note into the letter bag i must, be told of it. But if lie hands a letter to you, or to one of the other servants, to lie posted^ or to be delivered to anyone, see that it is brought to me at once." Before five minutes had gone by one of the housemaids come to the manager, who had returned to his private room, and laid on the taolo ln.-f.ire Una a bulky letter addressed to Mi.-:s U esfhuvy, Porches-tor Jiouso. Mr. Johnson smiled <;nei:rly to himself as he lead rite address. Then, after pondering ; ne ma'Aer for a moment, he locked up the letter in his safe. CHAPTER XVI. ?ja.;oi: IVl.MKKuy'.s 'dl-cgvf.kv. South-west Sussex was fortunate at that time in haying amongst its public officers an lutj.ii Ciiici i'-laji;!" p.■moi'tiv had bOaghc for aim obtained the post "more oc eans'.- he could not bear io be idle, ami despised hobbies, than because lie eared fo <he attached to the He was":; victim oi vlitit most fat nous of all the imbecile ruL-s ami regu-a: that have done so mii~'i to impair the eljioiency, f the British army— ihar. :io matter how strong and sound in wind and imib an ot'ieer may op, he must quit tho army (unless he attains an impossible rank) jii.ss, at the per;.".a when he has become a soldier of experience, and when his services might lie oi the greatest value to his country. Major Pomerov_ had had no exceptional opportunities of distinguishing himself, and his nam? was scarcely known outside his own regiment ; jvt lie iiad been one of the most eiikiest of that splendid little band of soldiers and civilians who hold and adminis ter ior us the iiiupiro of the East. Prompt m aen-m, -:hre;v« in his judgsnr- ma oi' men ami things, staunch to his friends and !ute to his foes, tho Major was the 'sort of man that no country can afford to lose. I oriunately, in ins ease, the country did not entirely Use the benefit of a highly-trained servant s be-'t 3"ears, sinco the. magistrates of ^outh- west Sussex had appointed him Chief Constable. He was in^ his oihes at Brandlebuvy when the manager's telegram was handed to him. It ran thus r — "Hotel guest found dead in bed this morn ing. Died of pistol shot. Apparently murder, no pistol being found. Please send men at once to take charge and investigate. .. -The last sentence in the message was quits unnecessary. If there was a maifin England" who knew exactly what ought to be drme in" an emergency of that kind, it was Major I'omeroy. In less than live minutes from the time when the telegram was put into his hand, ho oad despatched half-a-dozen constable* to Lynmoinh, and was already on his wav there 011 horseback. Before he reached the little seaside town he called at the residence of a local magistrate and obtained from him a search warrant, by virtue of which he could search every room in the hotel, and the luggage of every guest. As soon as he arrived, Mr. Johnson took liim upstairs to see the room in which the murder had been committed, and the body of the murdered man. Nothing fresh could' be learnt, from the inspection, and when it was over the manager took 'the representa tive 01 the Taw into Tiis' private room' Goin-i to his safe, Mr. Johnson took out the packet which Gerald Ashley had uiven to the waiter with instructions that it should be delivered to Miss Westbury. "This packet," he said, placing it in the Chief Constable's hands, 44 n\\*is handed to one of tho waiters this morning by a gentle man stopping at the hotel. You will .see that it is addressed to a lady staying at Pur chestcr House. In the circumstances I thought it wiser to hand it to you." "lou mean that you have some grounds for suspecting the sender of this packet ?" " Well, it woukl not be fair to say that I suspect him," said the manager, hesitating. " On tho contrary. Sir. Ashley is about the last person I should have thoucht capable of such a deed. But it is undeniable that ho and the murdered man were not 011 good terms with each other, and 1 know ofno°one else in the house of whom the same could be said." Mr. Johnson then went 011 to describe the scufiie he had witnessed in the billiard-room on^ the preceding evening, and continued : "So a certain amount of suspicion—of a very slight kind, no-doubt—seems to attach itself to Mr. Ashley.. I imagined, at least, that you woukl think so ; and, therefore, I took it upon myself to have this gentleman's movements watched. I have had him pri vately under surveillance all the mornin"." ^ ,Iu the basket handle of a single stick -sit the gymnasium of the Philanthropic Farm School, Reigate, a robin has built its nest, and two young- birds have been hatch ed. The parents continue to attend to the wants of their young, undisturbed by tlie presence of the lads at practice. . A boy has been whipped "in a degrading manner" at; St.. Paul's School, Darjeelingj (says the "Mandalay Herald.") The ag grieved parent telegraphed to the new re-! ct-or:—"Is it a fact my son was caned in' this maimer? If so, I emphatically protest nsainst this barbarity, if not brutality. Am wiring bishop." He received the following curt reply :—••'Quite true. Results excellent-. Await your apology or withdraw boy." 