WORLDLINESS. (By Rev. J. H. Jowett, M.A.) - /"I pray not. that Thou sliouldest take, them out of the world, but that Thou shouldett keep them from the evil."—St. John xvii., 15. Not out of, but kert from; not abstrac tly from the world, but protection, against tbe evil. Our deliverance is to be effec ted, not by the removal of the body, but by tbe reinforcement of tbe spirit. Our moral and our spiritual redemption is to be accomplished, not by changing our-lo cality, but by changing the heart. - The purpose of our Saviour is to; perfect us in holiness, not by removing us from all pos sible infection, but by making us disease proof, incapable of being infected: by the insidious advance of any uncleanliness or disease. The ideal Christian life is not to be found in the possession of innocence, innocent because all possible temptation has been removed from me. That is not the idea of the Christian life. The idea of the Christian life is not to be innocent because I cannot possibly fall; the idea us to be holy surrounded by devils, holy in spite "of menacing advances of unclean con tagion and disease in the world. Ye shall, have infection, contagion, tribulation in' the world; ye shall have things disturb you and' affright you; "but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world." '"I pray not that Thou sliouldest take, them out of. the world, but that Thou shouldest keep them from the evil." Now what is the lyorld, and what is lyorldliness ? It is a word we very commonly use, but I am' afraid,' like /many words in our t religious vocabulary, and many words which are so plentiful in common religious speech, it is a word which is very considerably lost in vagueness, and has no sharp, pointed, de finite meaning which would make its ap plication to the life and heart. ; . LABELS ASD THE SPIEIT BEYOm What is worldliness? .Well, I don't think that we shall comprehend the sig nificance of worldliness by remaining merely and; entirely in the realm of external conduct, and taking the external acts of ..life and .classifying' them;, iiJtd two collections, one on the right hand' and. the other on the left, calling these white and those black, these worthy and those unworthy, these pious, and those depraved. We are never going to know what worldliness is by doing that. Worldliness is not to be known merely from the menacing catalogue of things to be avoided and things to' 'be condemned. And man's conduct will never be safely guided, and will never bejvisely guided, by mere attention to labels,'no matter by whomsoever those labels have been at tached. I find that coining down to me from past ages, from my ancestry, and from the ancestry of my nation — coming down to-day from past days, there is a' whole classification of external acts from ) my grandfathers and great- grandfathers,; and from times more remote, there have come down things already labelled. Some are labelled worldly; some are labelled unworldly. I am never going to become unworldly by studying the enumeration and the definition of my forefathers. I. must know; why these were so labelled worldly, and why these were so. labelled unworldly. I must get behind the acts! to the spirit that determined the classifi cation. I must -know the conditions which prevailed at the time, when the classification was made. A label may prove grandly effective in checking ' my steps, in arresting my thought, in driving me inward to stand before the tribunal of my conscience, to make me appeal to: the highest : point : within me, to make1 me, scan all the external life. There are illuminating principles of the Christian, life that we can use. When.I find that a certain act that I was about to perform Was labelled by my grandfather worldly, it ought to make me think; it ought to drive me into the court of appeal; it ought to make me stand before my con-: science; and to that extent a label may. he (morally healthy and morally useful.; But, I say, we are.never going to know the! meaning of Worldly by confining our atten tion merely to external acts, by doing this! and hy avoiding 'that, being guided solely! by labels which have been attached by otiher hands in other days, for when I turn to the lahellings I am greatly confused. I find that dialogues are classified as un worldly, trialogues are getting dangerously5 near the borders, and the addition of (two or more characters makes the performance theatrical, and most assuredly merits the Condemnation of being worldly. I look around to the lahellings, and I find that draughts are catalogued as unworldly; dominoes are in tne reign of moral twilight, a kind of uncertain grade, while cards are distinctly placed in the ranks of the worldly. A country - dance is innocent and unworldly; add complica tions, and it changes its catalogue, and is placed amongst the worldly. My dear old landlord, during my University days in Edinburgh, where I spent four years in lodgings, used to come into his lodger's parlor every Saturday night and care fully lock the piano and unlock the har monium. His classification was deter mined by his own sense of the sabbatic fit ness; and'to have permitted that piano to speak on the Sabbath would have appeared to him to be opening the flood fates of a most offensive sacrilege. Weil, have not mentioned that even to elicit a smile, and still less to elicit a sneer. To sneer at that devout man would be to fling scorn at a man whose shoes the majority are unworthy to stoop down and unloose. I have only mentioned that to support this affirmation that we are never going to know the genius and the spirit of world liness merely by confining our attentions to lahellings and classifications and to what things have been regarded as right and wrong, pious and^depraved, by; men of other days.: Why 'the very appraise- ] ment, the value, of the moral tone of an external act varies with the changing days. If you turn , back to the days of the old Puritans, and if you will notice the classi fication made by these Puritans, in' the days of stress and storm, ,you will find that one of • the things most strenuously tabooed was the eating of a mince pie. The eating of a mince- pie at Christmas-time to our Puritan fathers was an act of abso lute profanity. Well, I do not think that' people, even -those who most deeply share the Puritan faith, observe that classifica tion to-day. Our Puritan forefathers ta booed and tbey exiled from society every thing that seemed to savor of ritualism, and Popery -they banned and banidhed. We have altered that classification.,' Even men who live near to Jesus Christ, even men Who walk on the -mountain tops hand-in hand with God, do not object to that act. The appraisement of 'the moral act has ceased, or at any rate, changed, and the labelling is now almost altogether ignored. Classifications vary—I say they vary with the varying days. It is not in the moit scrupulous observance of ithe most scru pulous and the most minute classifications that -we are ever going to be secured from -the cont^-MrWd:'tfe-iiffedfeai bfrthe- pre sent evil world. My friends, it is possible for a man to observe all 'the labels; it is possible for 'him to guide bos conduct scru pulously by attention to the classifications of our 'forefathers, and yet for him to re main incorrigibly worldly. There are men who -do observe the labellings who are steeped in worldliness, steeped through and througb with the spirit of this present evil world. ■ THE SPIRIT OP WORLDLINESS. Well, now, what then is worldliness? If worldliness is not attention to ex ternal acts and to labellings fixed to external acts, what is it, my friends? Worldliness is a spirit, it is a tem perament, it is a disposition, it is an at titude of soul, it is life without strong call lings, it is life without lofty ideals, it is vision horizontal, never vertical; it is am bition, it is success, and it is never holi ness, and hearing no mystic voice and no lofty callings. It is destitute of reverence. It never sits in reverent and'silent awe in the secret place. It never apprehends, never perceives the significance of the pre sence of the Divine. It has lusts; it has no supplications. It has ambitions; it has ho aspirations. God is not denied; He is simply ignored. That is worldliness. When a man looks straight on and never looks up he is worldly. When a man says, My motto is forward, and never, never,- never upward; when a man sets his eye entirely upon success, and never, never, never thinks of holiness, that man is worldly. That is the worldly. It is the ccmsciousless presence of the non-spiritual life, without the conscious possession of an' ever real spiritual for ever. My brethren, it is life without sky, life without -starsi life with-, 'out starry voices; it is life utterly ignor ing^ the forces and the callings that give and move and speak in the infinite. THE UNWORLDLY MAN'S ISOLATION. Now see the effect of that upon the disciples of Jesus Christ. The power of tne non-spiritual—shall I use that just temporarily as a broad temporary defini tion of what I mean by worldly? I would say by worldly I mean the non- spiritual life with the spiritual shut out—life on the horizontal plane. See, then, the effect of that upon the disciples of Jesus Christ The presence of the non-spiritual is ubiqui tous; it confronts you everywhere, my brethren. Worldly people, that is to say. the people -without sky, the people "With out upward look, without holiness, the people without aspirations, worldly people are in the majority, Ana their very numerical proportions tend to make" Christian believers afraid. The non-spiritual folk, the folk with the horizontal vision, .they are so abounding tliat the unworldly man, the' man who has sky, and prayer and aspira tion, feels himself sadly odd and sauiy eccentric. He feels himself standing out amongst the worldly in bold and almost curious relief. Do you remember that'very pregnant word, that comes sheer out of prophetic times, and which I think ip emi nently suggestive and full of significance for ourselves? ' Here is a word coming sheer out of the old prophetic day, It is a word from the populdce, it is a word of the prophets, it is a word of the crowd, and here it is:—"The spiritual man is mad." Why; mad? Because he was such a novelty; he appeared so eccentric; he ap peared so out of it in the world of non spiritual . men, . in the world of ; men whose vision was ■- horizontal,/ and who lived upon the common plane. Well, the oddity, the eccen tricity of the ' spirit, has by no means disappeared. Men and women who are going to live in the truly heavenly places, and who are going to live in the high heavenly places and yet being in the world, will have to be prepared to. present con-, trasts with the world, contrasts which will appear odd and offensive, which will ap pear eccentric when compared with the lives and usages which are round about them. But now that is just what makes them afraid, I am not going out of the heart of' the world. I am going- to live out of my own heart.- We don't like, to be original. It is not one man in a hun dred who cares to appear odd. We are reluctant to he squeamish, A man in business on the Exchange does not like to appear eccentric; he does not like to stand out in bold relief when contrasted with non-spiritual men. We should all be glad to wear white garments if everybody were. But when white is not the fashion, when the prevailing fashion favors another color; then to wear white garments, and iff 'then to wear white garments, and to which I am afraid only very few of us are very much inclined. And as for fear of oddity, we make a Compromise. We say, There are very few people wearing white; I will make a compromise; I will | • wear a sort of uncertain grey: for fear of offence. We lower our flag, we check our spirits, we .paralyse our supplications, we begin to shut out the Infinite, we begin to take our eyes away from the uplands, and we: fix them on the horizontal: I say we are shutting out the Infinite. And when a man .'begins to shut out the Infinite, and to leave out the boundaries -of his I life; when he begins to enshrine his soul | in cribbed and cabined surroundings, when he begins to put his soul under a bind of bell-glass, he -begins to- smother up. Where a soul has been accustomed 'to breathe in the Infinite, and then a man makes it brea'che in the poor, petty, peddling temporisings, it is like taking a dhepherd off the Scotch moors and putting him -within the confines of a nar row cell.' To take a soul out of the Infinite, and to say to the soul, "Shut out the Infinite,' confine thyself to the commonplace, be like the men round thee, live in a smaller world"—when man does that to the moral powers, all his life begins to degenerate, the 'man's power begins to fade;; he becomes a. cap tive, and enters into the servitude of the present evil world: HOLY A-XD UNDEFINED. How, is it possible for a man to keep undeHted? - Is it possible for a man to ■be in the world,. and yet not to be affected or touched by the viie contami nation? Well, happily for me as a preacher 'for Jesus, the all - sufficient answer for me to make is this —Jesus did. That is enough for the preacher of the Gospel—Jesus did. O'h, but you -say, Jesus was a simple peasant, and he lived in the sweet simplicity of, village life far remote from the corrupting things, \the creeping things of the high .places of town and city. He lived in the sweet simplici ties of rural life. Well, I am not so sure, my dear friends, -about that description of village life. It has 'been my unhappy lot to meet in the course of my ministry men who in town life have come into the un clean grip' of the devil. I sometimes hear them say, "I wish I had lived in some little village." I am not so sure that there are any more terrible and appalling concen trations of nastiness to be met with any where -than in many a sweet 'English vil lage. The foulest lusts I have known in my ministry I have met with in a sweet English village. The ' honeysuckle can climb around about the -door, but the in mate in it may be a devil; Be that as it may, I do ncft .-think Jesus ..did live' in a village that was remote Horn: the cor rupting currents of the world. Just at Nazareth .there ran the highway along which the legions marched, the princies swept with their retinues, and all sorts and conditions of travellers from' all kinds of countries went to and fro. The scandalous Herods and the scandalous aristocracy of those days passed up and down those roads. The customs, tob, of the neighboring villages, their sensuality, ■ their corrupt worship, their licentiousness. in living, and their corruption in business —all these woiild furnish endless talk for the village of Nazareth.' Jesus did not grow up -behind a big- stone wall, behind an impenetrable bulwark shutting Him out from the corrupt contagion iof ■ the world. He grew up among much scandal, gossip, and all kinds of uncleanliness, ana all.kinds of seductions of the world round about Him, and yet without sin. He lived where it was easily possible for -Him tc have become precocious and premature in lustiness, and. yet without' sin. But not , in Syria alone, and not in these three -mystic beautiful years, do we find this radiant achievement wrought. The great centuries \Jiave been sanctified and beauti hH.'h (■rfra.'W'i'liNVV- ii.'Vr'r IrVrt1- W-V'tKiltfiio'il." fied by men and women in all times whc have lived their lives in white, and lived ever in perfect harmony with the ideal of the Son of God. In these lives jve have a beautiful confirmation of a wofd in the old Psalm which often shines, out to me. with peculiar instruction and intensity:— "Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night; nor for the arrow that flieth by day, nor for the pestilence that walketh ir darkness; nor for the destruction that wasteth at noon-day." It goesMm to say.. " Thou shalt tread upon the lion and adder; the young lion and the dragon shalt thou trample under,, feet." The moral of that magnificent pro mise, it appears to me, the moral tone is just This, that "the man that lives in the secret place of the Most High," as the wonderful Psalm begins, he shrill ,0c able to go out and move through pes tilence, moral pestilence, "the pestilence. that walketh in darkness," without being changed,. contaminated, or defield. He shall tread upon the lions and the* dragons, ' poisonous things, stinging things, things that get into the blood and destroy you. He shall tread upon them, noisome, noxious, destructive .things, without being harmed. It is jurf the word of the Master. You remember what Jesus Himself said—"They I shall take up serpents, and if they drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them." It a man has to live in a workshop; ,if a young fellow has to live in a workshop, and to work in a workshop where the men around about him are pouring out filthy blasphemy; if he has to breathe ■ amidst] obscenities, to take it in like breath, says' Jesus—"If he drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt him." That is the word of the Lord. Though I have to live amid foul men, licentious men, blasphemous men, men who seem to grovel in gre'ed and to crawl in the mire, well, I myself, need never be changed, never defiled. "They shall take up serpents, and if they drink aiiy deadly thing it shall not hurt them." That is the- promise-of the Eternal God. -ATHLETIC BELiG-ION. ■ ."Well now, -if it is a possibility, .'bow can •it become a glorious certainty? There is •one thing perfectly clear, we have no need to try to get away from the world in order to be saved from its defilements.- If'you will allow me to put it in an epigrammatic way, it seems to me tilrat -the. teaching of my text is this, that we are to defend our selves! to secure ourselves against the • world; not by means ascetic, but by means athletic; not by running •from the contagion, ■ but' by stop ping and wrestling with it, resisting it in the strength that is given us by the power of the Holy Ghost; not by means ascetic, going away into a cell, into a monastery,, or into some stern and.studi ous seclusion. I am Jo be defended from; it, while -being in the'midst of it, contend ing against it by the might of 'Christ It was a very happy inspiration of the artist who pictured an old monk in -his cell in the monastery, at his desk, with the pen in .'his hand, and the paper before him, commit ting to paper the thoughts, that' struck through has heart. And the artist pictured ■the old monk there in !his severe loneli ness, and with the pen just uplifted for a moment, the eyes turned Tip as though" la •■were looking for iBummaiao-n : Sxron-"She Holy One of God. And the artist ihas put a little dove there in the highedt pait /of the piefccrej' the dove ■representiihg the Holy Ghost coming to the old monk and making a kind of fllummation up there.-' It yqas a happy inspiration, too, :,when ; the ' aritst put down beneath him an' ugly,' weird, repellant. devil,' seeking to'gain the atten tion of the old-mtonk,-that frey-the-unclean/; one, might -whisper into the old monk's ear the. counsel he would like 'him to/commit into word and speech. Yes, whether we ore in the highways of the world or in the monastery cells there will be the two. voices, the c'all of the dove, the insidious speech of the devil, and not by-retirement to a. convent dhall we escape the seductive temptations. And'the two voices will en counter us even if we were to flee to" ab solute seclusion. How ,then are we to be secured? I- turn to one of our philosophers, who, has not a very great deal to do with the Christian faith, and h'e gives his coun sel irrespective of the Christian faith., I will tell you what his counsel is.' My ques tion is this—How can'I live in the world and yet not ibe defiled?.: .Hear his answer, and I will give it you' in. his own- words, "The only defence 'against: the- world" (that is what we want.) says this philo sopher, "is a thorough knowledge of it." I do not believe it. If I am to be saved from uncfleanness, "a thorough knowledge of it! a 'thorough knowledge of it!" I' know men who know the world, -and they appear to be iheorrigibly worldly. The great founder of the Aesthetic School, a man who knew the world in1 and out, and through: 'and through, - ex posed himself in our English Law Courts as a man of untold lusts. . His know ledge was no defence/' The:, only idefenee against disease ' is perfect health. People who easily catch the epi demic, who are easily possessed by the in fluenza, are people who have got run down. It is the strong man who. is. able to resist the epidemic. He is the man who is "pos sessed by the saving health and life of God1 and is able to resist the insidious advances of disease. This man says/ "The only de fence is knowledge." This Book, tells me the only defence is life. : "I am come that ye might have—knowledge of the world." Christ never said that. 'T arn come that ye might have life, and that ye might,have it more abundantly." And by the presence and possession of abundant life ye shall;be able to resist, to overcome and to foil the encroachments; of the . Evil One. Our de fence is life. But you. say, How:. ,hie? Listen.' "This is life, to know Jesus." , 