BITS BY THE WAY. (BY FAtxcEscA.) Fashions, fads, and fancies are often not a little puzzling and sometimes (only sometimes, of course) more than a trifle irritating. Just now those who regard the hand-shake as characteristic of-will it do to say Shaker ? perhap Nature would be better, are giving vent to their disgust at the fashionable finger-squeeze with no uncertain sound. A touch of placid finger tips feebly dancing in the air is not exactly in spiring, and one wonders not that many are objecting to shake or be shaken in a style that is calculated to chill every warm feeling of the heart. Knowing that those who most affect this style are nothing if not effusively loyal, and less than that, if their own eyes, if they feel that they are not following on royal lines, I am won dering if they know that Her Majesty Queen Victoria always shake hands in a hearty and heart-warming manner. That the Prince of Wales takes as good a grip of the hand as he does of the character, and that most of the men and women best worth knowing and imitating always shake hands as if they really meant it, not as if haunted by a vague suspicion that hands held out would spook-like vanish into thin air or mysterious cabinets if not very lightly touched. Some have called this touching of fingers a dainty fashion, but methinks it might most often be termed distasteful, or if that be too strong a term, gingerly would be more appropriately descriptive than dantily. All this, however, is not the precise reason for rhyme this time. What is, is that it may possibly be unknown to many that there are de grees of glory in this hand shake. and that these degrees (it is not easy to see where the glory come in) form a language of shakes, I presume, well understood at all events. A lady who is an authority on fashion in seemingly all things and everything gets a good deal of amusement out of what she calls her "social weather guage." the fashionable hand shake. This lady, well-born and well educated, but not in a position to mingle with her equals as once she did, maintains that the fashionable hand shake is deadening and damping only when its meaning is misunderstood, or it is not credited with any. At her own home or the homes of fashionable acquaintances when occasion demands presence there, quite a hearty hand shake is bestowed. This is said to signify, " We can let ourselves go here." At meetings of a business character, or when tnutual help projects draw women of many sorts and conditions together, it is of a much less inspiring character, and signifies " So far and no further than business demands." While at society functions with the fashionable world looking one the fingers rise, curve into the air, and flabby finger-tips meet to the accompaniment of a ghost of a smile.. Th whole spectre-like pro ceeding signifying "Keep your dis tance." "And you do?" was the interested query. " My fingers do any way, for I get so interested watch ing the various finger-tips assuming the exact position required that I lose sight of the fact that the owners deem it my duty to meet them more than half-way. "And you survive?" I do. Who would die when there is such fun as this about ? which was quite a new aspect for the subject to assume: Fun is about the last thing one would associate with finger touches unplea santly suggestive of "skeleton fingers, clammy and cold." Frequently as one may journey on some particular railway line, and familiar as we may get even with the sparrows who have settled down in life, and with their families make lively the building nooks and corners on the way, there are some things imbued with with ever-fresh interest. One is that hive of (now is it industry?) the new railway offices. A splendid pile of buildings, though that part with which we have most to deal, is that looking wharf-ways with windows so many that Argus-eyed it seems. The front we admire for its architectural beauty and imposing appearance. The back, to the railway traveller, affords a compre hensive view of numberless close cropped heads, beardless or clean shaven faces, all more or less intent on Government business. If trains did not slow down a little at this particlar spot, it would probably be more rather than less, but as it is they do. The consequence of which is that there seems as many up-turned faces and down-bent heads. If the passengers are gifted with the faculty of taking in much at a glance they will see what seems an endless succession of faces, some heads bent busily over work in hand, others as equally absorbed in admiration or trimming of daintily kept nails. If any of the passengers be of an enquiring turn of mind (there are some taken that -way sometimes, I believe) he or she will sometimes speculate over the average amount of steady work the Government gets out of clerks so located. If of 'a calcula ting turn, the number of glances given at trains throughout the day will plea santly occupy a few minutes. Personal observation has already confirmed the fact that a glance, if but a momentary one, is given at almost every train that passes by, a very large number, but it takes railway knowledge to get at the number of trains. A casual estimate of trains per day going and coming on one line alone was given some time ago as 30. In addition to this line is the Essendon, and the delicious curve that lands passengers in the far north of the suburbs in a space of time calculated to reduce the busy pas senger to despair. Suppose there are 30 going and coming on these lines, and that each takes two seconds to pass that particular spot, how mnany seconds have to be taken out of the working hours of the day? The out looks in the front are fewer in number, but still quito enough to dlistract~and abstract. An interestingproblem this,; and should afford some fewiiiinutes' happiness to those lovers of calcula ting feats who upset the calculation of so many otters so often. How many seconds lost in train-gaing through out the day? How many words might have been written or calculations made during that time, and to what extent public business would be expe dited by those lost seconds being devoted to their proper purpose? In fact, if they were taken into considera tion it is doubtful whether the clerk fraternity could command public sym pathy for underpaid condition as periodically as it does. In the older worlds there is always something fresh in cycling. There is now the motor tricycle with the cushioned and back-supporting seat, which is said to be the one thing needful for the cycliste on other machines. There is the machines without handle-bars, which is to drive those preservers of order, the police men, out of the few wits other methods of cycling have left them. There is the hydro-cycle being improved, the sky-cycle being perfected, and, as if there was not enough, there' is now the machine .tlhat can be folded, up... and carried a nder the arm, and also two young ladies established on a popular English route as bicycle re pairers-making good money at it, too. Now, this seems a not unsuitable occupation for women. The bicycle wheel is fascinating in the delicacy of its construction, and always looks as if feminine rather than masculine hands had been the manufacturers of them. There is nothing that should overtask the strength or overtax the insgenuity of woman. In this country feminine eyes are peering into every thing likely to yield a pecuniary return, or open usp a fresh field for earning for the large army of girls perpetually invading those already known. Of such there are not enough to go round, as we all know. Iere is another ready to the hand that is ready for it. Whether there are mothcrs in Victoria sulicieentlyadvanced to allowdaughters to le properly taught the trade is a question not easily answered, for so many mothers, a. well as daughters, seem to be imbued with the idea that these latter need only learn and earn enough to keep theimselves going until, by them so regarded the inevitable, he appears ready to do it for them. They do not yet seem, to have learned that "lie" is not always inevitable, and that when he is, Fate sometimes decrees that lie shall be inetlicient as well, and that they may possibsly have to work harder after marriage than before. If they would realise they mrghlt be induced to learn paying trades thoroughly instead of having minds cter fixed on p:cturesque possibilities In the cycle repairing, however, there is less of the sordid and the soil than in imany at which they turn up their pretty noses, and unless they are mar slhly inclined it cannot make them masculine. It is, moreover, a still unexploited field for feminine labor, and on many runs and routes dear to the cycliste quite a summer bill might be made by a woman repairer of bicycles. When reduced to theplights to which bicycle accidents reduce the cicyliste far rather would she turn to woman who understands torn skirts and damaged hose as well as machine repairing. Let us hope, then, that thse'woman who damages her machine in cycling in to record her Federal vote may find a fellow votress to repair it for her. 