A VISIT TO "'LAMING TON." A contemporary publishes an inter esting account of a visit which one of its staff paid recently to. Mr. George Marner's residence, " Lamington," Vic toria-road (Vic.) Upon arrival the visitor was received by Mr. Marner himself, who had, many noteworthy things to say concerning himself and daughter, which the energetic pressman sooii turned into copy. "I thought I would lose my daughter Miss Alice," said Mr. Marner to the reporter; "she was overgrowing her strength. Medical men could do nothing for her. Here Miss. Marner entered and quickly told how Dr. Wil lian:s' Pink 'ills saved her from death and disas' er. "I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school," said she, "I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I hati no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then -I com menced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, "but it had no effect'; thezn I consulted a well-known Collins Street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." "This time last year," said Miss. Alice, "I weighed 7stt. 31bs., now I am 9st 71lbs." "A great improvement; your treat ment must have been beneficial?,, 'No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Wil liams' Pink pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the public holidays, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel Street; Prahran ; they did, me so much good that I continued them. It "is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now'as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would reconunend them?n" "Yes; and that strongly too," said Mr. Marner, "bad I known Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred p'ounds" ' The tonic properties of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood,..ard improve the brain. They are a certain cure' for indigestion, ail ments arising from the heat, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, anemia, sleeplessness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregu larities, debility, sick headache, loss of .vital forces, & c. Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, c/o SRocke, Tompsitt & Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, who will forward six boxes for 15s.. 3d., or one box for 2s. 9d., post free. Beware of poisonous imitations sold at greatly lower price than the genuine pills. Insist upon seeing the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box purchased. Imitations are dangerous. The will and codicil of Daniel Ahern, late of the St. Kilda Coffee Palace, St. Kilda. and formerly at contractor at Warragul, have been lodged for probate. Tl'estator died on J .nuaryt 2nd, and the will bears date August 1st, 189-5. Thn vilue of the real estate is set down at £2,125 and the personality at £441. all of which is bequeathed to relations. 