. - - - . ..... nee A. DORMITORY BATTIE Attend, oh gentle reader, I chant a thrilling lay, Of gallant feats of arms at night, Which nearly ' woh the day.' A burst of martial ardour My soaringlsoul has freed. .Once more I view the battle " Joe Robinson and PerkinV Rave sent the word around, - 'To rouse up every sleepy head, And fetch the sluggards out of bed,, But not tr make a sound. All silently they rallied, No craven showed alarm, • In truth it was a noble sight, Each hero clad in spotless white,r A bolster on his arm. SYe brothers of the bedroom (Twas Robinson that spoke) • On yonder dormitory B Shall fall a crushing stroke, 'Well tread the passage softly,. Surprise the sleeping foe, Wor Mr Osborne's far away; It's comforting to know . Within the fated precincts No spirit breathed of- fear,. . Y- oug Jackson dreamt of cake .'a jam, And Fooks of ginger beer. While even mighty Marsden Was wrapped in sweet repose; .And here and there was lifted up 'The music of the nose. And shall no note of warning Invade the peaceful night - S Oh, who will save the sleeping braie , And summon them to fight . Po- ar little Smith. awaking, E pied the silent host, .. S 'hen shrieked aloud and started, l e thought, he s* a-ghost' At once, as if n eci. - - Arose a smothered cry Of those, who, rising frm theft beds._ IReceived a-pillow on their head? They knew not how or why, Joe Robinson and Perkins Are raging all around. And many a gasping foeman Is wriggling on the ground, Oh, a-vful state of muddle ! S -..Oh, fratricidal fray ! ?or friend in error fought with friend In fearful disarray, This saw the mighty Marsden, . . And rising.to, his- height (The moonheams at that moment Flooded the room in light).. He swung around his bolster' (Athene lent him force) It felled- the doughty Perkins, It might have felled a horse. Then, heedless of the slippers That hurtled through the air, "-:,' 1le lugged the hapless victim Behind the only chair. Now quailed the bold invader * While 'dormitooy B' Bo gloried in their champion stout :r - They scarcely could repress asho?,.: And chuckled in their glee. But Robintah the 'islogRger, Alive to honor's call, "With lowered holster simply rushed: To conquer or to fall. \- • t even mighty Manrsden ':: - . ::.- - Thabt reekless charge may bear. \- ~-, _ head.is bam ing on the Abor, "his stayL the course of battle , The ciptih had b ea freed, But Raynall lurking in the rear, (Fierce Raynall 'good at need ' - iWhen Robinson would rescue His friend.from 'evil case, has interposed, witb sudden lunge.-4 And all his force, a great wet spongesK. I ·... Right in the victor's face! And backward reeled the 'slogger,' Three paces and no more, .Vhile several sat on Perkins . To keep him on the floort " My heart is sore for Perkins. - Oh, fancy;how be feel., Bis friends are hauling at his head" -His captors at his heels! And fiercer wated the conflict, And.louder grew the noise, a' ;.a eaution faded.from the minds SOf those excited boys. \- ::hat awful seats of valour, What deeds of 'derring- do,' . auld next have called for wonder S-really nevera knew. S (Catinued en celum. 6) !,-:?: ;. .: .._ : . '. . :.. F'or. in the= openi doorway, Appeared that!fellow Shore, . Withuboth his arms extended Like living semaphore. :"Forbear yout strife, yet aad men, YQ hiunticr, forego, -For fr Osborne's on the stairs, I've every cause to k npw : " - Ann at tfi warning .nw¢. a. f.? As if by magic, all that lost.? Began to vanish like a ghostS Retiring underground. And when within the bedroom The.master gently, strays, The'moon ne'er shone: upon a scene, So quiet, peaceful, and serene, As. that which meets his gaze! -Fred. Edinonds. 