IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. CHAPTER II.—CONTINUED. Jasper, the father, was nearly eighty years of age, and the sons were beyond middle age. Father and sons had been born at St. Columb, and had passed most of their lives mining, varied with occasional fishing when the sea was calm. It was not long after the ship struck that Jasper and his sons noticed fragments of wreck drifting into the bay, and they pulled about in the hope of securing something valuable. The people of the village regarded a wreck as their own especial property, and they had no qualms of conscience regarding the appropriation of anything that came within their reach from such a source. Jasper and his sons were engaged ex- amining a mass of floating wreckage when they were somewhat startled by the sound of a human voice to seaward. It was but a faint cry, but to the prac- tised ears of the men it told its tale. It must be a survivor's cry to come from such a direction the men instinctively knew, and loosing the wreckage they had hooked the boat was instantly turned to- wards the spot the sound came from. In a few moments a second feeble cry was heard, fainter than the first, but in the thick darkness nothing could be discerned save the white crested waves that broke against the rocks. They had almost reached the mouth of the Cove, and Jasper, who had ignited an oil lamp and was holding it above his head, saw another pile of wreckage sweep by. By the flickering gleam of the light the occupants of the boat saw a straggling ob- ject on the floating mass, which turned out to be a portion of the ship's bulwarks, but almost as they looked a huge wave dashed the timber against a jutting rock, and with a smothered cry the living object disap- peared. Impelled with the desire to save life the men pulled perilously near to the boiling cauldron of the entrance, and as they did so a sheet of the broken timber swept by the frail craft and a gleam of something white on it caught the old man's eye. Stretching out his hand he caught the object, which seemed to be a bundle of clothes, and as it was of little weight he lifted it into the boat. Examining it with the aid of the light they were astounded to find that it con- tained a child, and in a few moments Jas- per was convinced that it lived. The boat had by this time been drifting back into the Cove and knowing how neces- sary it was to provide warmth for the almost inanimate infant the men at once pulled back to the beach and landed amongst the wondering few who remained there. Mrs. Trenoweth was the first woman that Michael Jasper saw, and when she took the waif so miraculously preserved her motherly tenderness was aroused and she claimed the care of the child. This was at once conceded, for there were no women-folk in the Jasper household, and the care of an infant would have been awk- ward. By dint of care the child was brought round and at daylight seemed little the worse for the awful experience of the night. Out of all on board the ship the child was the only soul saved, and the wondering people of St. Columb regarded her—for it was a female—as specially under Divine care. There is no doubt that the cries which first attracted Jasper's attention came from someone who had the child and was lost when the floating wreckage struck the rock. There was never the slightest clue found to the identity of the lost vessel, and the only token discovered on the child was the name " Inez " broidered on one of its gar- ments. Mrs. Trenoweth, after consultation with her husband and with old Jasper's consent, decided to adopt the little Inez, but the old man insisted on his name being given to her as well as that marked on her clothes. The Trenoweth's child Edward was but a year old at the time and thus the two children grew up together. Edward was fourteen when he was sent to Eton, but the routine of school life was extremely distasteful to him, and he longed for the wild freedom of his Cornish home. How he managed to remain two years at the great school it is not easy to explain, but during that time he paid several visits to the Cove and each time he saw Inez Jasper his boyish heart was more impressed with her. She was certainly growing into a lovely woman. Her features were as Spanish as her first name, and there was little doubt she was of Southern extraction. There was nothing in common between her and the natures of the secluded hamlet, and consequently she was not a favourite with them. Edward Trenoweth was a spirited and handsome youth and more to her liking. The friendship that existed between them developed into ardent love on his part and some degree of affection on hers. At best it was but Love's young dream. At the age of sixteen Edward departed from Eton, or, rather, was compelled to leave owing to a serious disagreement with one of the masters. During his two year's sojourn there he had not wasted his time but had made fair progress with his studies. The spirit of his ancestors seemed to possess him, as he evinced a decided incli- nation for the life of a miner. Both his parents tried to dissuade him from that pursuit, but it was in vain, and soon after he took part with his father in the working of the mine. This pursuit possessed an infatuation for him and he speedily acquired a practical knowledge of geology. His theoretical knowledge stood him in good need, and before he was two years in the mine he was regarded as quite an autho- rity by the rough miners. This was in the latter end of 1865, and no one guessed of the awful calamity that was even then throwing its shadows over the doomed hamlet. CHAPTER III. THE WHEAL MERLIN. One of the most ancient mines in vener- able Cornwall was the Wheal Merlin. Its underground workings extended for miles and formed a perfect labyrinth likely to prove fatal to the uninitiated explorer. Having been worked for hundreds of years nearly every spot was hallowed or cursed by the memory of a fatal disaster. The awe-struck miner would show the visi- tor places where human self-sacrifice had reached sublime heights, or mayhap where personal malice in vengeful mood had in- voked aid of death to remove a hated rival or to gain a little wealth. Every subter- ranean gallery was filled with unwritten and unpainted legends, but to the supersti- tious miners and residents of the district they were infinitely more real and enduring than if wrought in marble or bronze. Con- sidering the primitive manner in which the mine had for ages been worked it was a marvel that the accidents had not been more numerous and more serious. Even with simple appliances in use a great depth had been attained, and the work of ages had caused the district around St. Columb's Cove to be honeycombed with un- derground drives. In olden times the mine was noted for its rich yields and miniature battles had been fought for its possession. An ancient representative of the Treno- weth family, who had been worsted above ground at the outpost from which he de- fended his property, took refuge below, and for several days fought the enemy in its drives. His better knowledge of these ramifica- tions enabled him to triumph, but the vic- tory was a hard one. A villager named Penfold, who worked in the mine, was either bribed or forced into showing the enemy underground, and this man paid dear for his treachery. Having been captured, the enraged miners took him to the surface and then dropped him seven hundred feet to the bot- tom of the main shaft. His was one of the ghosts that was said to walk by the credulous people, and when- ever the phantom appeared it was looked upon as an omen of fast approaching evil to the people of the hamlet. Such superstition as this may appear childish to the matter-of-fact people of to- day in Australia. It should not be forgot- ten, however, that even at this latter end of the nineteenth century there still lingers in many parts of Cornwall superstitious be- liefs that ceased to obtain followers in other parts about the middle ages. Mining is essentially a precarious and dangerous calling, and in such a remote spot as St. Columb's Cove—almost cut off from communication with the busy world, and in a locality where nature herself con- spired to overawe man—there was nothing strange in the fact that the miners employed in the Wheal Merlin should still cherish the legends of their forefathers. Indeed, they had some ground for the strange beliefs they held. On more than one occasion weird predic- tions had been verified in a strange and remarkable way. Omens that could only have been of super natural origin had, through the key of cer- tain prior prophecies been interpreted, and they had been fulfilled. More than one hundred years before the date on which this story opens an ancestor of Edward Trenoweth had met the phan- tom of Penfold in one of the drives of the Wheal Merlin. The spectre—so Trenoweth said—pointed menacingly in a northerly direction, and then, like the usual orthodox ghost, vanished. This Trenoweth was a man more than ordinarily sceptical for a Cornishman, and he refused to listen to the appeals made to him by certain of the villagers when he told them of the apparition. They urged that he should not work in the mine for a week and a day or harm would befall him. The period of a week and a day was uni- versally considered as the longest in which a spirit could exercise a malign influence. Even Mrs. Trenoweth urged her husband to take heed of the warning given, but he was obdurate. He pointed out, like a shrewd, sensible man that he was, that he could not see how working the mine would precipitate his fate any sooner than remain- ing above ground for a few days and per- haps having an encounter with some strag- gling smugglers or pirates who might drop into the Cove. If his hour had come his bolt would fall equally sure above ground as a few hundred feet below the surface. This is the view that the practical man of to-day would take in such matters, but the sequel showed that Trenoweth should have taken the kindly advice. Next morning he descended the shaft in company with nine men who were embued with the courage of their master, but none of them ever came to the surface again alive. Shortly after noon an outburst of air from the main shaft told the alarmed villagers that some catastrophe had happened, and they flocked to the mouth of the mine. Some of the experienced miners when they heard the rush of air knew but too well the nature of the fatality. It was evident to them that an inrush of water had taken place, and this proved to be the case. When a few of the more daring descended the ladders they found that the shaft was nearly half full of flood waters. It was thirty feet above the drive where Trenoweth and his men were working, and it was certain that they must have per- ished. They were working in the main drive to the north and the fatality was soon found to have been caused by the bursting in of water from an old mine that had not been worked for a century. It was weeks before the bodies were re- covered, and the villagers went about their task as if obeying a command of fate. They shook their heads and shrugged their shoulders but said little, for they knew that Trenoweth had paid with his life his disregard of the phantom's warning. And so from generation to generation these grim legends of spectral appearances and their results were handed down until they seized on men's minds and became clothed in the habiliments of reality, pre- senting themselves as infallible articles of flesh and blood. 