A. atiraµ on :Fault-Finding..-: A PROPHECY 0Y THE FUTURE IE THE COUNCIL YIELDW TO OVER-WISE NON-PROGRESSIVES. TO THE EDITOR: ; SIR,- The other evening I was startled by an apparition, a weird looking creature, standing on the apex of Monteagle, beneath the moon mellow shadow of the wooden bird with outstretched wings. Lifting its hands skyward the Apparition wailed forth lugubriously: 0, thou gaunt-eyed .and bald-headed ! Elect of the taxpayer, Grovel!- Grovel! Weep, 0 daughters of Sleepy Hollow I Go bury thy sling-shot, thou youths of Mud Park I Let the Great of Alphington throw themselves from the giddy heights of the Darebin Creek bridge into the surging waters beneath! Whilst those of theLand: of Ivanhoe, who are arrayed in purple and fine linen and fare sumptuously every day, cover themselves with the mud of the Heidelberg drain or breath the deathly - faumes of Oakley's XXX gas This eerie exhortationi addressed 'to" the councillors and sundry others was, to me, rather unintelligible, altliogh. it evidently portended disaster. I listened for more, with a creepy feeling upon me. It came. The "inkalinger" (newspaper correspondents) and tax payer who find' fault with the coun cillors were referred to, and President - Ryan with his colleagues were warned in this wise : Behold, thy day is at hand ! On thee shall the inkalinger cast his wrath. Dost' thou not know, Elect, that with all thy vaunted knowledge, pomp and splendour, thou art far beneath thy lowliest tax contributor! He can shew and tell thee many things that thou in thy greatness canst never hope to learn. He will tell theathosr art fool, rogue, dunderhead, impostorisquan. derer of substancel Dost thou inot think these words hard to understind l He will tell thee how thou oughtest to enact thy laws, and the secret laws of the conneil chamoer are not hid from him. He will shew thee how to carry out thy works of architecture and other mighty works without money if thou wilt take heed to the words which fall from his lips. My weird friend was evidently having "sly?" out of those who object to every scheme for improving the shire the council proposes and raise objections on the score of expense and increase in rates. If the councillors follow the advice of the over-wise :taxpayer w; objects to drains being made, brides being built, gasworks being bought, and railways being constructed for fear of more rates, the Apparition prophesies thus: Follow in his footsteps, 0 thou Concillor ! Among the people sit at his feet and learn the wisdom that droppeth from his lips! Then, 0 Councillor ! thou wilt arise and be as wise as he I Thy streets will be verdant with the green grass; thy houses and thy dwellings will becomenthe habitation of the wild goat, and in place of thy paintedviilas and costly palaces (Alack I vanity of vani ties) thou shalt have the canopy of heaven for the roof of thy habitation and the bark of the friendly gum for the sides thereof. Thy drains will be filled with all manner of store; the domestic cat, when it hath run its earthly course, shall find undisturbed repose therein, antiquated vessels of the household and articles of brass, iron and tin, and other luxuries of formier times will blend together in a peaceful hiding place; thy swine also shall be filled therefrom and sport therein. Thy gasworks shall be con verted into thy meeting place, and upon the gasholder shall the chief speakers orate in the ears of the people. Should the words of the speaker be not pleasant unto them he will (by. a subtle device) be precipitated therein, which thou wilt agree is a simpler, and more efficacious way of ridding the: taxpayer of those who cause their ears toi tingle and their hands to itch. Then as thou sitteat at evenfall beside thy campfire' .with thy children gathered round thee,:i: roasting the opposum that thine hand-has slain, thou wilt tell of the benighted days of boasted knowledge when thou thoughtsh thou wert happy and progressive ! The Apparion then made an alcen sion, and after emitting strange iwails resembling those of a ".banshee," dis appeared from sight. All I can say is, Mr. Editor, that if this ghost's pro phetic advice to the council is based on. supernatural knowledge, and is therefore likely to be realised, I trust the said councillors will not give heed to the inkslinger and the "wisdom that droppeth from the lips of thewise ratepayer."-Yours, &c.;, SEAGLEONT. 