A Oolisfly Appearance at A m w«»a EXCITEMENT IN_ THE NEIGH BOURHOOD. 1 Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in visitants from another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies bard. Miss Marner, of 'Lamington.' Victoria Toad. Anbnrn, TictoVia, has more than once seen something resembling a ghost — when,' for instance, she looked in ber mirror, so debOitated was she by many montns wness. one says: — ' I commenced, some .two years ago, to:feel very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell £0 take to my bed. but experienced, a continued languid feeling that made ' me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and be said I was over* growing-my etrengtb, and I was 'not to exert .myself, -As I bad no inclination to do so, there was no feaor of my disobeying this oider, and I took the quinine tonic given me, with regularity. Then I Com menced to feel acute pains in mv ebotddera and bwk and at night I ciuld scarcely get any rest.' We tried every thing to induce sleep,', interposed Mr. Marner, *'but without effect ; then 1' consulted a wellrknown Collins-street practitioner. He said my danghter waB suffering phyaioally from weaknesB, and adviBed-aQhange. .Her mother, look %er away for ^ but »s j rdrantea looking worse. She would also retcb on tising in tbe morning ; -any food taken oonld not be kep t dowD. She lost flesh andbecaniea ' mere abost.'* j 'VThis tinae last year,' said MiBs Aliee. 'I weighed 7st. -81b , now lam iBst. Tlb.' ?* A great improvement, your treat ment mu&'t have been beneficial ?' , . 'No; alltiiw medidnel did mt very little good. Pink;PiHs for 'Pale People deserve that credit, justbafora the Jnbilee bnlidayB iatber bot|ght me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink ^lls, at Mr. Pleasence'e, Chapel. street/Prahran; tbey .did me so naeh good that ! continued with them. It ia a longtisqe sinoo: I discontinued taking tbem. end Z^am^now as healthy aa any. oneoould wian. r '' . ' And you would recommend , them 7 ' ' Ye«; and that stromtly too.' awd Mr. yfmwtw, « had I , known of Dr. Williams* 1 two year's bafote, it would b*ve saved me a 'hundred pounds^' There ate manv readera who may be. fortonate enough toaave their pockets if thny aet as tbif voung lady did.. Dr. Williams' Knk Pills will cure anaamia, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofala, eon- ! sumption,' chronic' erysipelas, debility. inaigesnoD, aeoiuty, uvw sun sumsy disease, and cheat and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paralvsis, loco motor ataxia, neuralgia, St. Vitus -dasne, nervousSieadache,: and all nervous : dis orders. They are aold by chemiets aud storekeepers, and by the Dr. Williams' 'Medicine Company, co. Rocks, Tompsltt and Co., Flinders -street, Melbourne, at 1 2s $3 a box. or ax for 16a 89, but &ra; genuine only with the foil name (seven word»), Dr. Williimu'^bk Piljs foz Pale 1 Peop1e, im A»ob . box.' ' Thousands have testified to their caratiye powers. 