73rrr^aYP0Ri^\rhy hiTe-th^ do'. Ternment^cone back*on theif declared »*- iicy on.ibi* nutter: y--:-. The *COMMKSI0XER of CROWS liA^-iKw-ne asiua tnc aeputanon wnicn waited upon him for a guarantee of a raifi rteht Ifuainity^ dre tamiitifyltii'e erection nl tBe Jmclters. '^People owning', several b4ne.'- promBed- to send., sufficient' ore 'to keep them going. The Government intended tb'calTfor tenders for a smelter which would treat about A. tons pec hour. .That wou'l be raificienl to atart with, and if. they found as time WfniLpnV that jinore was requttv-1 they couklhf pat up. jTo Mr. McDonald the CommuteiprieHs^atea tlutt.he. could i-ot nay what the' snielter* would co*t,*but the n-5-ney wciild conic out of revenue— out of the grant of £10,000 to aMut mining. 5 'WEARINOlOP-^PRISOJf CLOTHES. iThe ATTOBXEY-GEXERVL notihVl Jtrc-5*herk thatrlie !Uid not believe that the tuual practice with regarcl^.to p'ruonert- wearing prison clothes had been departed from, '.but he- would ;roake enquiries in .re gard to ihe matter. ? -PETERSBURG;(;YAXIDEfAVORK8: '» ' The COMMIRS1OKER. of CROWX LANDS informed Mr. Miller that ore was being *cnt:to .the Pctcn^burg ,work» to) keep, them, going' eighT hour* a dayl .They'Kad about ?TOO tons of ore coming in! and 'e-cpee\\-' qdtenongjt.to keep the machintrrgomg^oa tinuousjv. ' '. mVEBUUE'OX'THR RAHiWAtS./i The: COMMISSIONER ^ d£. ..TUBE7C WORKS told Mr. Patchelor th«at he h?d received, a'- report frora the-Kailway* Com mi&sioner; trith refcrent-e to the putting off of overtime' fii tHe' railway?. \- -PURCHASE OF THK GLBXELG ,- ??'? TLMLWAY. .... f-. THE C0M3IISSI0XER OF PUBLIC WORKS, in nnkwerto *Mr:'-Pricev' wJd that he. had. nothing further to communicate with regard to the Glenelg Railway, but Deviation* n*fr» still proceeding.' -' '?? '-' ;-r' Mr. PRICE 'aricerf if: there wan any 'rea- nonable change of the Government taking over the line?' The COMjnsnONER T.of ' PUBLIC WORKS replied tha'tr is wop- impossible to ntjr,', becante .they^iWere-.awaiting a reply from the Company in reference to the mat tefW:Y . -'i-.-y1 ..'..-?: r. ?? ;??. z&\\-& ?*?'? BECTATjOO TLT^EL- -? ?? a-'. The C»M3aSSI0XER „. of ., PUBLIC ?WORKS, -to Mr. (ttt, -Hd : not 'think - the Bcetaliwv tunnel was qnitjp frainhed yet; but would let the.- hon. member know on -tfle following day^ i ? '? v ».?'*.? & ) AIJiEGED 0-'FKLSt'ES BY ?i. \ i ? DETrECTTTES. ' % Z '-'? Mr. ROBERTS aika if the Attorney^ General would; tell the House tlie nature of 'jthe.aDtfgcd^offence committed' bv the poKce~or;dett!Ctive!-, into which a Special Board o£ Investigation had been appointed to enquire? *-; ? : The ATIpR?fEY - GEXEHAL .(Right Hon. C.'C: .Kingston) asked' members to refrain from; asking the Governmenb to particularize. It was- a matter of.very great importance. The Boitrd would report'to the ({overnment whether any: action .was neces »ry.' !. ;. ::'.' ' ?. .' . ?. ??'. .'-?. ? ' I^G-AL J&tiBSiXSXSR; FOR THE' ? .-:?; — GOVERNMENT. '?? -'y \ The AHORM5Y-GENBRAL told Mr. McDonald, that £3^82 Os. lOd.hatlbeen paid by_ the Government for legal assistance Afltside1' the Crown Solicitsr's and Crown Law officers for fire years ended June 30, 1809, including. £1,020 preparation otBills. ''' . DATE PLAXTATIO^. ''?' The' COMMISSIONER of-^CROWN LANDS informed Mr: CaJdwell that at t^iRpts had been made to establish the date palm at Hcr?ott Spring?, Lake Harry, Oodnadatts, and Coward's Springs. . The attempts .had been satisfactory, in the two tir*t, but the results, in the. last two. were not yet. fully accerUined.^i-The -department intended to cover new ground during the premnt season. No attempts had yet been made to e*«jiblirii the- cocnanut 'palm.' about the, salt lakes or swamps' in the' locality' of Port.lincolnV.cJi Yqrke's Peninsula, Port Augusta, or near the.artenan wells on the {treat northern plains, '.Hie Oofe'rnmenV'in tended *tir» ihntruct 'the ? Con»ervator of ForestF, Mr. Gill, toinpke a few esperi menta .towards, the establishment - of y this most useful tree. ' ' ' ? -GLENTil/t RAILWAY EMPLOYES, - Mr_PRICE asked the Commisnoner .of Pnbtiq AVorlis— Iaview t-t ihe promije 'given by the CtMnmissibner'-of^PnBtie ?Worta'-Te the employment of the Glenelg Railway Company's employes when the railways are- transferred to the Oavernment, was it th» 'intention of the Government to give employment to such employes as are at pre fonCrnn3er notice to leave, and to others that -had recently been discharged, owing tctfthe disturbance -of affair* of the Com pany! The Ct-M3nSRI0XER of PUBLIC WORKS replied, statin; that if the line 'was: acquired, any Government promise given contmeeotly on it.« being so acquired would he duly carried out, and thi« would cover' the ca.*e of permanent men tempo rarily discharged in contemplation of the transfer. VOUCHERS FROM CANDIDATES. . The ATTORXEY^IEXERAL. in renlr to Mr. uutcnison, saia roncners were oniy required for expenses of 40*. and over, but the code requires it in all instances. irre- spective of vouchers being required. 'that 'The name and dcseriptJQn of each person to whom any sum is paid,* and the reason for which it .was paid to him, must he set out separately.' He might add that the Returning Officer for the -Province had no knowledge of the cave referred to, of a voucher- being required for 10s.- :(Mr. Hut rbieon— 'Then I iaye.'-') -.,-., ,,%??*» ^r5 ' ''jrBWSPAPER'POSTAGR'*^ ' The'31IXTSTER rf E©UOATION.-(Hon. 1L Butler), in answer to Mr. Oaldwell. said that the charge of 3d. on ttie 'Chro, niete' ^upiriemcnt was .because .the re gulation required it and 'no e*cepti6nrcduld he made' on account of the magnificence of the supplement referred to. The regula tion had been framed from a postal rather than from an-advertising point of r»w. .. ... FIFTH CLASSES; EXC6nSTER;BA'tr Tlie 3IIXISTER of EDUCATipX. in re»*Iy to'Jir 'Tiicken aaid tl:e folbwmj are tW schools in the District of Encounter lfciv at whkit fftH cUu» cducaticu wa» ;,«-? vii- ed:-Delamere; U; Goolwa,,2J: Port W Hot, 15; Victor Harbour, 10; \ankalffla, 22; total, Si. These numbers were taken from (he returns furnished by. the . te*suoi lot tJ.c J-.ne » twrter LOCAL LABOUR OS COYERXMEXT \- ' HUILDIXGS. ...'? The COMJflSJIOXER ? of -r PUBLIC WoKIyS iaioCmcdJklr. PaecK tbit.f.e Go verntccirfliad employed local labour' tore- novate and paint the public buildings at Eudunda, in conformity with .a motion juscd by this House on July 19, 1899. The following were.thcpprticuhusr,— The. - De partment's 'Foreman.' at Eu'duhdar -before starting work, put up a notice offering work, and engaged one local man (ihe only one who applied), who,' with the foreman, were, doing the work in the' township. The local' carpenter: and .mason would' also ?'. be on any necoaary repairs, as is -the cus tom. . .. 4..; ?;-?;,' i . j *j TELEPIipXE FOR BLACKWOOD. The MINISTER of EDUpATIOX, replying to Mr. Price, said the work' in con nection with the telephone for the use of the residents of £[tackwood would t be pro ceeded with at once. - The delay had been earned by the attention to more pressing matters. XORTUERX TERRITORY GOLD DREDGIXG BILL. Consideration of report'. .. ' . . ? 1 ? . ? ? Reiton adopted. The ArrOUXKYrGEXERAL said that a* the Bill wa- of conwderable urgency he would a?k the assistance of- the House -to psss it through the remaining stages by kiupending the Standing Orders, and he moved— ''liiat the Standing Orders be sus pended to enable the. Bill to pasHu:through it* remaining stages without delay.'* p Carried. \ .'.' ~ - ' :' '3 ?; Bill read a third time, and:pa«c4- ; HOL'SBHOLD SUFFRAGE BILL. -Adjourned debate -on -second reading, to which the Hon. T. Playford luuf moved the previous question. ?? j '? '-?', p 1-i ''?} The TREASURER,' m- continumgi his speech in reply, regretted, .that, owing to tnc numerous interjections 6n'Tiiei-da.yjja*t, he was unable to conclu»1e{his address be fore the time for the, adjournment i How ever, he did not propoW'to keep the House leng. He liad. dealt ?witli4he ceHiarks made during the debate. iwjUi '.which, he/^uited to dcal/addihe'hakl-npw foigive'* summary tJ tbt objections ndsedatjainuthe measure, and be thought he would be able to answer them shortly and to the point. The first complaint -was that there wa* no! public de mand for it: He answered that by stating tu-o fact?. First, that a large number— 46,000— of their fellow^olonkts,- by -their \ote at the referendum taken at the general elections this year, whom they represented, had asked for the measure. .Thai appear ed, to him, if standing alone, as being an answer to the statement .that . there was no public demand for it. . There was another answer, however. It was said by those who objected to the referendum that the llouw. and,' sot the. referendum should determine what the electors- wished.' ? He accepted the challenge, and would say that last sesd!6n,of Tarfiameni the Assembly, which represented the people of South Au» ;tralia by an overwhelming majority, asked for the Bill,' voted for it at its various 'stages, and passed it. They had. there fore, not merely the request of the referen dum but ata- that of the majority of the House. Then it was said that there was no charge established against the Legisla tive Council, as at present constituted. So far as he was concerned he had never ask ed for thV Bill on that'ground. If he taw two persons, one of whom had liberty and the other had not,- it did not seem neces sary to him to prove a wrong against the man .who had hurliberty as a basis for the claim for liberty for' the other man. It .was sufficient lor him 4» know that two thirds of the electors iad not a vote for the Legislative Council, -apart nkogether from the question of flieJOouncil aa.at present roustitufied doing its wqrjc well or . doing It . dl. There wsi»''iio earthly reason -Y3-r .tiiey sliouJd refuse ihe franchise to thjrt two-thirds. Then it had been said Oiat the' Bill was' tiibt nece»-siry because without it the Council i»ad pass«.-d democra tic Jegulaiion; and ito prove it the Aduk SuKraire Bill, State Bank Bill, and one or wo other measures bad been instanced. If they, were to look at the qut^tion in an un biassed way, they would «ee tluit tlie State Bank .Act .and the other Act* were i»«ied before Adult Suffrage . came into; operation: V It, twns siid at' the »rncbr.JIr.JJatchelorland oUiers Uiat-the passing of AduTtL-Suffnwe would tend 4to. strengthen, the coiHjerva&m; of the Council :o the detriment of the ?interest* of liberal-' ism.; What was predicted then had come. l'0^- .Er«y election that iiad taken place for the. LegishUvet;.Cpuncil since tliot- Bill had lieci^iii^eaVindic^ted «? dunge in tie Kmsittuejiejr of, that \fnntir o( die Legisla ture, It 4{bd added^ibottt^9,«W women's name*no the rotf,Maiid practically she whole M-tfoem belonged .to the con»ervatiye -ide pt ;pplitK». His answer \vas if. it did .pass [egwlauon of a sati«factor--. character before* niatigreat change in the Cwnsatution^took' Place, it most aaiuredly- had rcjetted and blocked «ich icgiMotion ei-er since. The next, point *ne want-id ^o answrr wss .the wateuient of thoac jv^Oi'said tbit tlic-prei »nt system was moft libeml. ni* ansnrer tb;-'tha±;- '»-at - that *- he wouH re mind them, of the- speech of Mr. Playford. It was an absolute an swer tu the objection; :and, as prominence paq been given it by other member*, lie did not think t-norc was any. need for liim in dwell uifon ih»f point. It had been proved to all unbia««ed men that .the present Con stitution was jiot in accord with the great cry, 'liberal enough.' The Premier tuiire ly concurred with Mr. PlayXord i:n that point. Tlcn there were those who sud mat the pro|»o*ed clmngc would be injuri ous to the colony: (Hou.'W. B. Rounscvell -?UndJubtcdly/) He bad listened most Utcntiyely co the . arguments ad duerf ;v.\y ihe ..other side on this; question. in particular, and he failed £?«« one .instance in ybich it bad been proved that it would be injurious to the BOfpnr-, What wc«ld be injurious he really w-Ud not find out; (Hon. VV.:B. Rounie vell-'lou iharehad twenty Mieechw/j But not one of them had tackled that Mint. VVere tlicpenons they projfosed to enfrau ehm lesi:wortHy:than the^hbn.: member, »r thew'who had the privUcge* (Hon. W. B. Rpunsevell-'\VTiat about entitled.') He ^iRj ''*?«Wp.«he .P?«nt of their lieing entitled oc not, liut whether it would be injurious to the. colony. He was not ask ing whether they were entitled. Would it be injunous to -the colony; (Hon. W. B. RounaeveU- '1 say in my opinion, ye*.') He had never seen it proved that it would be so- It couia not be set' up in the fiwt place that they could not give the vote to the ]*eopie because of any defect in their character. ^They could not say that the two-thirds they wished to; enfranchise were of suchA.sharacter. that the granting of the franchise tojihem -would .injure. South Aus ^????.?Wv'onld any hon. member say that of hw constituents* It- could not be claiin v that the* people were less patriotic than those .tirho had -j«ot the franchise, and it comd not. bersnggeated that it would be in unout to Sqttth Australia because they had l«s jntere* in the wcllbeing of the colony. If they brought up before them the 47,000 M-ho;had^lhe vote, and the 100,000 who had not, it would be most difficult ' to - dutin Buuli between the two oh the grojinds of ability, the ground* of interest, the grounds gfipatnotism, or in any other way. The next thing was that it had been asserted that; it would enfranchise. ihe worthless and the; 'birds of passage.' He had already shown that 30,000 whom the Bill sought to enfranchise , were tlie wives of Legislative Council electors. (Mr. Darling— 'But they dWt want it.') The hon, member was not their spokesman. He (the speaker) had more right to be their spokesman, for he stood there and championed the rights of the whole of the electors of South Austra lia, 'and Mr. Darling was oody the spokes man of one-third or less, and, therefore, he had a better right to claim to be the spokes man of the people' of South Australia than the hon. member. He had shown that 30,000 of them were the wives of Legislative Council electors,' and therefore, they need not further consider whether they were worthless. The rest were citizens and the wives of citizens, just as respectableas those who had ? the vote now. It was a jhame-and a disgrace for hon. 'mem- bers ~ to reflect -*? on two-thirds of the people The next thing said about the. BUI was .that it would be detrimental to the, country interests as compared with the, city interests. He had a tew figures which he had referred to before, but would reicr to tnctn again, (tion. w. li. Kounse vell — 'Are you sure .they arc correct;?') Yes. He. would, take the District of Barossa. ' In that district the time the last censu* was taken, in 1891, there were 2,363 houses. He allowed 10 per cent, m a fair increase 'since that time, and that made the; total number, of houses 2^09, or say, 2.C00. , Yet in 1S33 the total number of dectjors to- the Legislative Council was only 1,431. (Hon.,:r. Playford — ,.'Empty house*:'-*) Nb, -below the necessary 'quali fication. There were 1,23$ . men and 188 women on the roll, and: yet they talked about' woman suffrage. lie found that 1,170 hotnes in that district did not have the Legislative Council franchise. So that would mean .not only 1.170 additional votes, but tive^seventlu of -them bad wives, waking a total .. possibly v«f . L.Q0O .- or, 1,700, .. on altogether,, by '.?the : passing; of that Bill, if would 'give Barossa !L500 more ejectors, or 'a thousand more! than double the present number. Then be would take the Districts of North Adelaide, East Con- ens, and Start, and; they would find that the number of houses was somewhere near the number of voters. The figures had been compared in the same manner as those of Baroso. In'Ndrth Adelaide the total number of houses- was 3^550 and the voters 2.079,. East Jrorreris 5^08 houses and; 5^02 voters, and i-turt 4,579 houses and 4,166 voters. Thej- Would see that it was not in the city that' the values had gone down, but in the country. Barossa would really nearly have her vote.- trebled, while Xorth Adelaide. East Torrens, and .the Sturt would only be about doubled. (Mr. Cald well — 'Give us the number of men and women just under the age.') What; on earth had that got to do with it? (Mr. Caldwcll— *'A lot. It is the other side of the argument*') He had shown suf ficiently that the Bill was not alone in*, the ' interest* of the city. It was said next that the Bill was class legislation. The Bill proposed to break down. all class distinctions, .monopolie*, and privileges, and place all householder* on the same basis. How that process could be called class legislation he could not for the life 'of him imagine. Those who were opposed, to the Bill said that they would maintain the class distinctions, and the privileges of the property owners. (Hon. W. B.Rounserell— 'The taxpayers.') That, *n deed, .was setting class against class,- and he returned the compliment, if such it wu, and said that instead of his side of the House raiting class issues, adopting, chvs legislation, and promoting class feud*, it was the other 'side who 'were guilty, of the practice.. The opponents of the Bill had triec to set country against town. He. held, and a majority held, that the interests of tne town and country were one, aiid that South Australia's interests were not to be split np into sections', and one set against the other.' It was aUo said that the refe rendum was taken unconstitutionally. What did it matter whether it was taken by virtue of a Statute or not? The purpose of taking it was to elicit beyond all ques tion the opinion of their constituents. If it were pretended that the referendum ta ken had any statutory value or constitu tional force, 'the objections taken to it would 'have deadly effect. Such was not pretended, but it wa* -beyond, all .question thai Hit referendum pbsseisSd the power (? demonstrating on this issue. what the. will of. the. people- was, -apart- from. .all other ? iMues and personal reasons! They knew now what the will was, and -- beyond' that ' ' rfotbing wu claimed for the referendum. And whose fault was it that the referendum was not taken with statutory authority?. The As sembly by * large majority asked that -t should be taken constitutionally, but the other branch of Legislature refused it. It wav entirely the fault of those who now took. refuge under the plea that it was an unconstitutional proceeding. Who were the pcrtolc who raised tins cry? It mem bers would turu to page 2.-J of the 18U3 ?'Ifaiward'' they would *ee there that in the Council itself a motion was moved in reference to payment of member.* in favour of a referendum of the whole of the 'elec- tor*, not of the Council only, being taken on that question. Who were among those who voted for it? Sir Richard Baker, who was not President then. Mr. Stirling. Mr. Warren, and others— shining u'ghte of the Conservative Party. (Mr. von Dou&a; —''Did you rehearse this speech at Oawler?'! He referred to the matter tl-crc. He was pleased that Mr. von Dou«si had read the report of his Gawlcr speech, and believed that if he went in for a course of reading of Ministers* speeches for the past few years that they would ? torn him out a good. Liberal after alL They were asked— 'Why 'not ^ go for adult suftY rage right out?*' but the very persons who asked that were those who would support no change at all. They knew perfectly well that if they could only .perswule tlie Government to the folly of departing from housetwld suffrage and Uking up adult suffrage tlwt they - would lcne all the constitutional i-ower they possessed at present. They were also asked why they did not adopt a £15 franchi*:. He spoke carefully, because he was addressing mem bers who thoroughly believed in that— Messrs. McLachlan, Foster, Burgoyne, and Shannon among them. There were several reasons why they could not support the £15 bask. In the first place, ua sure as they went for it, they would sacrifice all the constitutional powers they possessed, and would probably get no change at ah. Another reason was that thev would not only run the -risk of getting nothing, but would go back -behind what wan now at tainable. It was all very well and right to advocate the £15 franchise before the for mulation of ttie Tederal Constitution/ bmV norrjit was seen.lhat t he j people of the ejP l0'ffJ**'e.re prepared to acjeept a very much, mote liberal' Constitution. As soon' as that .fact .became apparent beyond all dis pute, it was time to go a step further, and m clo^pronmity^finWult^uffriige,. tMr. Tucker i -Why don'tijyou -rin| it down fovJJT.Mr. Tncker^-ouldiiavl thep be !lkS&e;/in«n .who .wa* in such a great hujrftff get domi&iirs;'that he threw Tiim SU OUA at Jhe wjndow_ (Mr.' von Doumw— i-Tou,*lI. go. downstairs . right enough.') « elhjthejj.woiBd go -warn all the people of &outh;' AuslraliS down ;the stairs which wojjld dcnrohsh^usSdisrWtion, and advan tages which others did not possets. Mr. von iJOussa reminded, him of a gumehe uued to RS^^.hw boyhooHTijumbiilrfun ou a pile ofcarth and calline; dlni theiang of the casHe; you're the dirty rajval.' The hon. TiS^-^'?.'1-10^1'1118^ a*10* theother* of the 4-.000 Council electors an kings of the castle, while theireatWfSthc NopVwenTthe dirty rascals.- He (the Twasurer) wanted tojtaon a-level^with the b*ter, and not set himself up on .a hdl crying in exultation of himself and in.degradition of the rest. Thej were told that no case had been made ourfor the change. ' There were none so «? ?'i ^i^1^ who. wbiud' riot see. He I«it to the House earnessij:. that tlie ques tion was not— ;rCan.you establish anv claim to .thw. :vote? :. ?? Tfcat .question \v-u for ?1*-other branch-: of the Le &tu-;!S , Tho represented . only otoe-third of the- people, and who mighn fairly ask if the other .two- thirds could *? tabush a. claim. Membera of the Assembly who j represented the whole people must muc^ it-ftam the oppowte point of view altogether. Members, had & right to say that unless it could be showrT that /tne granting of the privileges to the two-thirds 9s th« people who did' nftt have it tnklav would be. injurious to bouth Australia, it ought to be agreed to. The burden of the proof was on the . pthcr.side. He stood for theneopIeof-Sonth Australia; .for the whole, :and notjfor 'two-thirds, Vhich^was the position the 'other side' had tried to put them in. He was entitled to represent the « manhood and womanhood of South Australia— first, by a large majority In ais own constituency; and, next, by the confi dence which the House reposed in the pre sent' Government. He daimed, on behalf of the whole . people .of South Australia that the privilege should be extended to those to whom it, was proposed-to give it, and who .bad Uiey.on the other side? Those who represented not the whole, not two-thirds of the people, but, one-third, and presently when the division was' taken thev f°uW see who came on bis side, and stood for Jhe whole, people,' and voters of South Australia, and who would go. to the other side— his side stood for the whole people against nobody, those who took their place on the other side would declare by their vote that they stood for one-third of the electors with their fists in the face of the otaer two-thirds. He invited members to make their choice between them. He would conclude with .a short extract from -Henry V ant Beeeher. which the Commissioner of Public Works had handed to him:— ''Listen not to the everlasting Conservative, who -ines and whines at every attempt to drive lira from the spot where he has lazily east lis anchor. Every abuse must be abolished. The whole system must be settled on the right basis. Settle it ten' times and settle it wrong, you will have the ;work to begin again. Be satisfied with.. nothing, but ihe complete enfranchisement' of homanitv.' He asked, members to take that honourable sxxp that day .towards AejhonouTable.goa]. The 'previous question,' moved by the Inn. T. Playford was declared negatived. The IIon.T. Playford called for a division, which resulted as follows: — Ayes, 33— Messrs. Archibald. Batchelor, Blacker. Brooker, Burgoyne; Btftler, Carpen ter, Cart, Coneybeer, Cummins., Dumas Fos ter, Gmimjer, .Hooper, Houriean, Hutchi son. Jenkins. Kingston.' -Livingston, Mac Gillivray. ilcKeiaie, _Mf LarfiUn. JUJjer, Morris, O'Loughhn, Peake, i»oynton, Price, KoberU. Sehers, Shannon, Wood, and Hol der (toller). ??( ? ' Noes. -JO^Messr?. Caldweil, Castine. Cop ley, Darling, Sir John Downer, Me*grs~ )uncan, Gilbert, Giles, . Glynn, Griffiths, Iague, Handyside, Homburg. McDonald, Paevh, Bounsevell, Solomon, Tucker, von Dmufa, and Playford. (teller). 3lajority of 13 for the Ayes. . T3te M«t-nd readme was declared carried. Mr. S0L0M0X called for a divisKH), winch resulted as follows: . Ayes, 33-Meflsn. . Archibald. Batchelor, Blacker. Brooker, .Burgoyne, Butler, Car penter, Catt; Coneybeer; Curonrins; Dum*i,i Foster, Grainger. Hooper, Hourigan, Hut ehi.toa, Jenkins; Kingston, Livingston. Mac-* Gillivray. McKenzie.' McLachlan,* Mi3kr, Morris, O'I/)ughlin, Peake, Porrrton.-Price. Roberts. Schexk ' Shannon, Wood: and Hokler (teller). Noes, 20— Messrs. Caldwell. Casfine. Cop ley, Darling, Sir John -Downer, Messrs. Duncan, Gilbert. Giles, GJynn. GriffiAs. Hague, Tlandysidc, Hsnnburg, McDonald. Paedi, Playfora, Rounrcvell, Tucker, von Doussa, and Solomon (teller). Majority of 13 for the Ayes. In Committee. - : Clause 1— 'Kxtension of suffrage.' ? ?'- Mr. CLYXX.eaid that listening to the Treai«urer's speech- lie' }was; impressed by what he said, that the main object of the Bill wan that the women of South Australia should have a vote for the Upper House. Members would agree that the burden of the whole speech was %that while prior to 1S93 a good many liberal measures were passed through the Legislative Council by 'kassingadulttufrrage an alteration was made by the wives of Conservatives being given a vote. He wanted the Treasurer to abide by his own admission, and to see whether the Government were really sincere in. their desire to introduce a cure adequate for the disease. The true principle of political as well as of medicinal cures was that they should not apply a remedy far beyond the occasion. In order to test the bona fides of the Ministry he would move an addition to the clause, which -would answer the main objection, although he die hot think there was much force in it, and he would ask members to add certain words conferring the righU to vote for the Upper Hou.ce on any woman married to a man who enjoyed the privilege providing she had been registered for six months. There wa* no necessity to thrash the mat ter out, but he asked the Ministry an- those who had unanimously supported them to help the women of South Australia to get a vote for the Upper House. He moved to insert after 'to' in the se cond, line the words 'every woman who, being the wife of a person entitled to suih right.'* ? That, of - curse, would necessi tate the striking out of all the word* aftir 'all' down to and including 'Australia' in the next line. ' The TREASURER said the Government were heartily in favour of what Mr. Glynn (tenfedJ- - ' But members ^would. see that the Government had already provi&d; in the Bill for what the hon.. member sought. . The amendment wa*.' pnt-fortftfrd as a means to give votes to' certain'women. whereat, as a matter of fact, it would cot give the vote to a single person to whom the clause did not give it. On the contraty, the amendment would take away the vote from persons on whom the Bill conferred it In reality Mr. Glynn's proposal watt not to confer the franchise, -but to witb .draw'at^frotn persons to^wbom the B& would give it fhe ftorernment therefore asked the House to- reject the amendment * 3Ir. 6LYNX said that when on the hust ings be had publicly declared h» willinj nefls. to vow 'for. an amendment giving the suffrage to' women. This was part of his political' jirofcssioh,' and he. wa& going to try and -give effect, to it.. ... ^ Mr. SOLOMON said it teemed^.to him that- the' Treasurer/ did, not. want to give the wives of Legislative Crancil electors a vote unless lie could at the same time confer an overwhelming vote on tlie wives of others in the community, which would neutralize to a great extent' the vote of the tint-named section. (The Treasurer— 'Will the amendment give a vote to any one ;o whom ihe Bill will not give it?') Ho; but the BUI proposed to give an overwhelming vote Uncertain women who were not Um wives of IiCgislative Council electors, if the Government were going to ex tend the franchise to every adult married woman living with her hiiiKin I. they would bt» giving five vote? to women resident in the centres of population to even- one conferred on wo men in tb«- country districts. (Mr. Bat t-hclor— '1 know tjiar Is not true.' The Attornry-Gcneral— 'Whv did Uw Territory voie for the Bill?''! Why did West Ade laide vote against the Commonwealth BUI? (The Attorney-Genera*— -Is that the policv of tie new Government?') Never mind tbe-pot-ar of Jthe new GoremmeaU Oaly aist week members read of the defeat of Mr. lteid, a cleverer trickster than even the At- . tomey-Cieneml. He would therefore re-' mind the - Attorney - General of the old i adage, '-'Never crow looioud till you are out of tne wood.' He would like the Go vernment to tell them whether they in tended to take the Bill and .nothing but the 'ill from that Hou?e? It would save a lot of time. Let members lnive a straight forward answer a.* to what the Government intended. (The Treasurer— 'We arc going for the BUI as it stands.') And against every amendment V KTne Treasurer 'Yes.') Then members knew where they were. Mr. CASTINE claimed to be unlike the Attorney -.General, who opposed measures till he found they were popular, -and then turned roimd and supported them. He had spc.vil'y. in.mind Mr. Kingston's former at fcidc i-h' adult suffrage. (The Attorncy Generai— 'You don't know anything about /') It was the Attorney - General who did not know what he wao saying. Last year he (the speaker) .had advocated much he same thing, as Mr. Giynn mis advocat ing now. He thought thnt members should command the support of the Ministry in carrying out his wishes. He believed that t. Glynn - was voicing the general opinion F electorsthroughoutthelcngihand breadth oftthe land. Last year, when tins. Bill was }}'*-«* discussion, he (the speaker) 'said— If lie were returned, next vearand-theBUl mi not. pass now lie would endeavour to get it amended so that the present qualifica tion .should apply to husband ? and = wife.' Several, pothers ^took -'lhe ifTFsame stand,* ihclnfline, he, believed; .7,ilr. Solomon, whose attitude ' nbw; .yna hereforc- n perfectly consistent' one. It vein a fair thing to give the, married .wo men .the vote. The Treasrirerr saj* they fihoujd take it by degrees, and it-would be better for him to accept the amendment, which he was sure of getting. The Govern mentj knew by-the drrnnon that they would not get the constitutional majority oa thai: tnird reading. „,. .-^. -;.%-»-.. . ,.--??; The CrIAIRJL\y^Order;'the hon.'mem-. ber mu£t confine himself to the clfruacJEhe ?^&myejiff; ludoa ^K-f& Mr. OASTJ^Ei-Tam not discussing'' ttfafc' I have.not.oometto that ret. -.-. *«%?-?. ^ ? The CHAIRMAN 4 Tfhe hdVlmembec ninst; confine himself to the clause. ? ? 3Ir. CASTINE- always supported , the Ctair, but ; pbiected.to.be interfered with. The OHAIRJtAN - The hon. member rniwt; address himseli.to. the, question;*^ O Mr. CASTIXE said he was doing jo, and irjw showing that the Government-could not Pflwbly carry the BUI without the amend ment, but could do so with'-Mr. Giynh's1 addition. ? ' * '. ' -.iw-- ?:'?'? -.The PREMIER jtbought.the a'tfitude. of ie. Government. Ead ! been.- 'made 'dear They were for the BflL the whole BUI, and nothing but Ufe3ill. *He intended 'to stick to .it to the' bitter end. .He was sorry he could not vote with ilr.^Glynn.' '-The Bill was introduced fcj the purpose of redress ing a. constitutional .«rie%ance; ? and- giving tKe vote to those whonrere not able to pay a rent of lfe. a.week. tThe,.v pn-Do«ed,tQ re dress that grievance Ifr giving the vote to II householders..: The amendment instead f redressing it added, to it. It gave tp him hat-had and took away from linn who had had not the electoral disqualification of his wife: The amendment would double the electoral rights of the larger householder. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD1 sud' that the Treasurer had asked them to 'give Uie vote to^the womanhood of the country. Those who were - not. prepared' to- go the 'whole, length had' a perfect right to say that they were going to -redress' an undoubted -griev- ance. TJie^were perfectly right in p&cing; all Ui»- women whosr husbands had a 'vote for the Legislative Council on the same equality with their husbands. The Govern ment said'they were going for nothing but thieBihV For what object? . (The Altbr ney-General— 'Getting it.*') That was one object.; but the principal object wasto enable them -to goto the Governor and ask or the dissolution of, both Hciuks of. the Legislature. . Let tWtHotise make no.ims take about' ' ' that.'. ' . .'They ' would . even refuse , to take -i out ; the absurd ninth clause. .focL the same ob ject. The Premier jwould not- deny it It would be wi^e for Ion. memKers to con sider whether they could approw of that. They liad just returnld from their fonmi tuents, and when thev were r#tun-eu ftom the diKsobtion they'farpuld be* -o 'fcr-: rarder.' '.. .1.-' . lix. COPLEY thonght they coutd discuss the whole -subject on that; dau-x-, which coubinedthe cjux oj the whole «nic*tipn. Ie did, not think Jipn. members ought to ce curtailed, in theif rcmarbf. ?' - ? The CHAIRMAN^I 'hare no wish to curtail the d?sCusioiu» I. ..wish io expedite msinefts, apd:ask honi members to confine tbemsclvcp to the clai&c.for; that purpose: ' Mr. CpPLBY,«aid the Treasurer had w:V ully,.. and, with roaltte' aforethought, tried o' misrepresent the* Opposition-' in wvir.g that thejr objected to-live the vote frr'the ^enslalive Council .ta tvro-t'n'.nU- e.t ih* people Dccause they were nnfit ta Uivo it. The Treawirer-^'That is the ««ui02nf)' I*he-- agreed that they were intell-gui; an-J is- weh educated as .those who had the right, ??it tbt y. had not the financial . «*nonKb- ity, and it was better that they should not lave the vote. ? The Treasurer had tried to till him at' his election with the same thing. (The Attorney-General— 'Any way, vou wont trust them.**) Xo: and he. had jiven the reason.- It would' not'be fair to rat in the hands of those who' had not the inantial stake in the country the reponsK n'lity of managing the ? 'finances. The Bill proposed to. enfranchise practi cally everybody. He believed that adult suffrage .would be safer for soine . country districts- than household suffrage. ' He ^b jeeted simply and 'solely on t»e fioaoe'al aspect. He found that in the country dis tricts those wip Jiad very little to pay were often ready to Jmpose grater b'ur3en*.£ The, hrgex', tJieir ' financial responabflity, tft mure^ikdy were individual* to be carefu* and timid in advocating large erpendkure, (Mr. 'Archibald— 'Would you pay any rent ax. all?/') They knew that was a state of things -come bin.' members desired to' we. Mr.T-CALD WELL intended to support Mr: Cflynnl I ' ?- , ? -'i-'V-'j ?aSHoU: VT.U. ROUXBEVELL.*despile the' Treasurer's assertions, contended that tbe: arguments bad!-been Wthe side of op ponents of the.BflJ,- whereas* wild stale marts had been on ihe other side. It would be detrimcvtal to. the best interest* of the country if ,.tlie.i proposed este^sioaAwe»e conferred.. .(Mx^MacGillivray— 'How wUl you prove that?') He would prove U by reference,-to4he .management . of. District Council affairs.. It .was the taxationinvolvetl that^was at the wot of the whole matter. They 'were taking away the right of repre sentation with regard to taxation. What did the Government do in their railways? Did they give, the same amount of holi days' .and privileges to all classes in the employ:? Did they give tlie man earning six orieven shillings, a day the,,same -holi- day ?'*»?? they'^did '.'the ofiicenr .The -Trea- surer's' statement that the opponents .of .the measure had been. guilty of disgraceful con duct 'was most/inipro'ier/ Peopjd in the countr}' were only now beginning' to un derstand the crux'.of the 'matter. Jf the franchise wus extended in' the' manner sug gested'' they were going to give' the ' non contributing taxpayer equal right with the taxpayer The nutter, was unfairly placed before* hia 'constituents, -and he-had 'since received cJommunications from ^th'eui; thank- ing hiia' and 'other members for having brought the matter so dearly' -before the House, and stating that, .although they voted for the, extension of the franchise, Ihey were. now. prepared, if they had an op portunity; to record quite a different Vote..' . .Amendment negatived. : - * 'iir. GLYNN called for a division, which resulted as follows: — Ayes. 33.— Mesore. Archibald. Bstcbelor, Blacker, Brooker, Burgoyne, Butler, Car: penter, Cpneybeer, Cummins; Dumas.r Fos ter, Grainger; 'Hooper,- Hourigan, Iltrtchl son, Jenkins. Kingston, Livingstori,''Mac- Giliivny, McKenzie, McLachlan, Miller, Morris. O'Loughlin, Pacch, Peake. Poyn ton. Price, Roberts, Sciierk, Shannon, Wood, and Holder (teller). . . 7* Noes, 20.— Sir Jenkin Coles, Messrs. CaM weli. Castine, Copley. Darling, ? Sir John Downer, Duncan, Gilbert. Giles, Griffiths, Hague, Handyside, Hombnrg, McDonald, Playford, llpunsevell Solomon, Tucker, von Doussa, and Glynn (teller). ? - Majority of 13 for the Ayes. - Clause as printed passed. Clause 2— 'Definition.' Ar. SHANNON said he would- like to amend the .clause by striking out all the words aiter ''bouse and inserting the words 'dear annual value of £15/ For the hon. members who had voted on the last question it was just the thing they wanted. It would enfranchise the women of the country. The TREASURER said that they had got the opinion of the majority u their constituents in reference to the Household Suffrage BiU, and they had no warrant tor believing that they desired the amendment. They had declared tJicinselves in favour of the Bill, and he thought they would be best carrying out their wishes by pa*sing the clause as it stood. Mr. Bl/RGOYXE said that last session he introduced a simitar amendment, and *nc had for a nnmber 01 year* r-tst tried to obtain an extension of the basis or repre sentation for ihe Legislative Council. The £13 franchise was t'auiy understood by the country people, and he would go further, end say that it was uirlv appreciated by them'. A large number of the electors of the Council had been in favour of an extension in the franchise something like on the ground* proposed. They should attempt to do something that was practicable, instead of reaching out for what was entirely out of reach and getting nothing at aU. It was b**ter to do. that than to waste time in discussing a proposal which was not feasible at the present time. . In saying that the Government would have the whole Bill and nothing but the Bill the Premier was not moving one step to- ' ward* obtaining the result they desired, but was pulling the whole thing off indefinitely. Mr. f iOMBl' RG would vote for the amendnicut. but wished to make hi.- posi tion clear. He was opposed to every reduc tion in- the franchise, and made that I-er- fcctly clear on the ?econd reading; but when two alternatives were before the Committee — household suffrage or i'lo-^it was his duty to keep the franchise as high as he possibly t-ould. In 110 other .circum stances than that was he prepared 'to vote or the amendment, and he could justify his action with bis constituents who return ed him to oppose household suffrage. He did not. vote in' favour of the amendment with a view of encouraging the Council lo ?end the Bill back with an agreement to £15, because his desire was to see the mea sure /ejected completely. ? . ' Air. GRAINGER said if the amendment were carried he would vote, against- the Bill. He bad always opposed a £15 franchise, and was opposed to it now.: It would be a very material alteration in; the Bill, ~ because -U the. words, 'or part of a house kept as a separate dwelling'' were struck out, no mat ter' how big a fcou'se might be, only one. man would have.;a rate /for j%-;^inicre might be 'a* ho'use , divider '.rnto- practicaDy two parts, of a value of -£50 each, bul only one man would be able to vote in respect or tbat-house.g HepvvouldJgive Jh^ Bil| |n» strenuous ppposit^n.if '/there, -va». to. be » feduction'in. the. qualification to -'only £13. Mr. McDOXALUsiid that when he was befprp, his,-cpn4ituent*- ben stated that he was prepared to tnaEe no sacrifice in respect to the franchise,' but- he promised to feiip port.whatMr.; Glynn moved— giving ; the. wife the' same privilege as the'husbarid. ' He was against^onsehold suffrage, andTvourd*^up port Mr. Shannon V amendment as being the leaser oftthe twtf evihto Before the Bill could' come' 'into operation most of the merabers-of-the~present-Government would ha--e Ie(t South .Australia, and woukLcar^ orinorejprjjt.thiinlthe paper on whichftbe' till was printed. It was noti a matter of be. country;- buf; a; matter of satisfying ?(he. Government- and' enabling them to Teuuh' their ?poweT-on- the- Treasury1 benches, to dictate to the- Upper House, and to do something for' the. purpose of crushing them.' ''' .???'??.»?- '???? -'? '??' Mr. JIII^RiJigreea?{ot'th?f'£15 fran duse with ?'U'' double '^vote; -but would give as1 yote'againsft it: Members might laugh, -ut. he ^ppposod vthe ^.amendment -because }t would deprive: the Government of their constitutional right to'a dissolution, which, in his opinion, was the only thing that would obtain for them anx-reduction -avail. Ie believed the country outside would vote for £1$ and' if the Council were wise they would make , the. amendment- in the BUI themselves or else go ioHh'e1 country. Mr. BROOKER. oppo9ed-the amendment leeausc ' opposite ' to his' house ' were' 'the' heads of - two families neither of whom would-be able to vote under Ihe0 amend- ment. TWey; were 'straightforward and honest; t. and' were' 'straggiing against' poverty.— ? --£ r-«r- -?: ?--?..- - - ? ' -.-.- ? Mr. PRICE would oppose the amendment ttcause of the miners of r-Kadma and Moonto, who had good homes, who, as they paid. no} rent, woulQ not have o- vote. if the amendment! were carried. ! : i '?: ii j 1 ;-* ; The lion. : Sir , JOHX. DOWNER, under: stood the Government l.would have, the^ sup port of some members, not upon, the, merits of the case, but to enable' the Government to.iave the power of , forcing .the '. other louse on a question in which those mem bers did not believe. Jf the Bill -was a good one, :iet them have it, .but . if. the ^iU,- in the- opinion of those members, was d bad one, lie did not think they should vote for the Government simply to producea' gene ral crisis and chaos in. political matters for a time. He had listened to the speech of Mr. flomburg, who .had taken up a logical KMition, and had t»inted-out that-«lthough be did not want an alteration of the Consti tution he would minimise the evil as much as possible.; l^iat example might, have ! been ollowed by members wLp refused to follow their own convictions, ' because prewure could not then be brought to^bearon the other Chamber. He regarded the whole thing os a bluff.- All sorts of fallacious argu ments, such as -he Treasurer had used, had been used, and appeals made- to 'the preju dices of the people.- When the Treasurer stated that. the opponents told their consti tuents that th^ywerenotfit to have avoteibr tne Legislative Council that member knew that had no bearing on the question, but that the whole question was' whether, they should have two. Houses,, and if so what should be the difference between them. The question might have been argued in a high,, calm tone, almost judicial in its character, and apart ' from sophistry/ and appealing to the prejudices of -thVpeopte, such- as- the Treasurer did at Qawler. It was unworthy of a. Minister of such oreat sminence as inc ireasurer to use arguments so. utterly beneath what his intellect cou'd rise to. flicy had never disciwied the, gucs ,ion( whether a man wiphout a penny might lot. be able to' discuss, any question in the. world,; but they, were discussing rhether they should' have' a' bicameral sy- tetn, and the Treasurer's whole argument throughput was that' there was no necessity for two 'Houses.'-' (The Trea»nrer^-'I have never taken that position any' more' than'l did in the. - Federal Convention.') Mr. Holder had said tliat he wanted to have 1 House which would do as the majority of the people wanted. 'All his'argument was in favour of one House: ^The TREASURER1 would-- not Knave spoken but for the : remarks /.pL the last sneaker. At no time' bai he advocated doing awav with: the bicameral system. He believed, -in. it, but he'y did ?nol; believe'lii? the work of one Cbainber, which reprenenCetf the whole people, being revised by a Cham jer which only represented one-third of the people. In regard to the logical result of the Bill being the abolition of one House, why did ndt Sir John put thai forward in the Federal Convention? Sir John Downer's argument was absurd.' The BiU .aimed at the abolition of a second; Chamber' which had die po wer. of. thwarting the will of the people, and. at the same time sought to, set up a second, Chamber, winch should, be a rerisiag Chamb^/abltf iky iki -£raplurh Uie* perfevtmg^of ? tltcr will', of f tf e yfixAt people. Sir John Downer said that he (the .sneaker), ought, not to. have gone, into -hi* district.^'' Ought- thV-kentiemai who invited him to have consulted the ho.i. membec first and obtained hw permission? {Sir John Duwner— *1 should not have gone arto your district if I had been invited.') While men were on the huAings.diey were cindtdates for a given district, but so soon 'a* they were elected they were members. of the Parliament of South Australia, and as weuii vert returned to legislate . for. . th.» who'e colony. When, therefore, the elector* of any- portion pi the colony were anxious to hear his v-iewj, whether3- bejwfci in'. tite House' or~out 'of 'it, he was only too'plef sed if possible to meet their wishes. ? Sir JOHN DOWNER .said the Treasurer desired the Upper House to be a revising Chamber that would no: resist the will of rhc people. The Upper House was not.t- resist the wUl of the people as expressed in the House of Assnibly— in other words; when the people through the House of As ^serably-said tometihing had to be done tie other Chamber had to do it./ Nothing could, show the absolute farce to which the Treasurer- whbed to reduce 'the- secow CJtaniber better .than' tiie -few/ .calm and v^ell-coniddered r«marks which Mr. Holder had . just .niade, in -.which -be showed his hand .'SO' comn*«£elylt*Qa4'it^*was rtanifest ehe Government' intended to -deprive the Upper House of any, real power. ? t. - Mr. McKENZIE thought the amendment was moved with the intention of killing the BUI. When on the -hustings he went entirely for this BUI, and a majority of his; constituents had proved that they fa voured it. He considered that he was only carrying 'out their wishes in supporting it. A double dissolution would affect Mm as much as any member of the House, be cause, he was one of the representatives of one of the largest districts, and having only recently retunred from a verj- extensive tnp he had no desire to be turned adrift again. But i-whkever 'MppKK-d-^ if there was i iciple diasdlatkm.-^e*' intended to «ipport the BiU in ito entirety. Nothing but the BUI, and the whole BiU. would suit him. He intended to support household suffrage pure and pimple. ? Mr. WOOD did not intend at the present thnc to support the amendment. The- O- vernment lud said they would luv-* ;Jic BUI and nothing but the BUI. Therefore the Ministry were dactatiug to the Houm by saying in effect 'Vou mu»t pjss this Bill- a* it jk or you inu^t *- .ibuui yoiu busine&«.' lie wanted the Bill if ho could p'ii it, bn-t if he (fluid not. and he could get a reduction of the franchise, he «aa pre pared to accept, that in preference w no thing. If the Bill came back from the Le gislative Council in an amended fi»rai with the £15 qualhioa&ion; inserted ;n it, he would support ii rai'.her than get nothing. He vas an Ind«.-pen-knt, and wouid be jusa fied. ii he wild not get the whole loat, in taking what he could get. Mr. PAEC11 said tuat speaking on the second reading he made it 'perfectly clear that he was agaiust household suffrage and againn the £13 franchise. The Govern ment having threatened to adopt every constitutional means to carry the Bill he was justified in using ever}' constitutional means to destroy it. He would therefore support the amendment. the Hon. T. PLAYFORD said that when before his constituents he promised to go for the £15 franchise. He believed a lower ing of the franchise -waft idviable and necerieary,- -!So-greater- mistake was ever. made.bVanother branch of the Legislature than in' refusing to passihe BUI which the Government introduced some years back. On two occasions the Legislative. Council was asked to ado.pt the £15 franchise, and on both occasion* that body wrecked the BUI. The amendment was a very lair com promise indeed. It was a step in the di rection which the Government wanted to go. and was indeed one which the Govern ment -themselves u. few years ngo strongly supported. Property in South Australia had depreciated in value. People who a few yeajp,.a£O -were .paying a rental of 10f a wcek'w'en» hot 'paying that now for the same houses. He favoured the £15 fran chise in consequence, of the .lowering of the value of property, and because it .was not fair that the wife of a specially: rich man should get a vote for- the Legislative Council . whUe: the wife'' of 'another Legislative ' . CpuricU ',. .elector ''.failed to enjoy . the. . , same '. '/.privilege.' The Treasurer's arguments all through the piece cut against his own Bill. Mr. Holder, asked, How could they -look a man 'in the ace and .sayi-tbathe.wasn.ot fit lor the ranchise? But the Treasurer did riot say that the BUI said to one- third of) the people that theywere not fit'for the franchise be cause; they, were not householders! It was only a quefti'6n^bf',de^c»;after'.ill,V-.Tlie logical position of 'the ' Government iins adult! suffrage. That meant one of two things. Either. 1 tbe- 'Council w.aifld bc'Sa reflex of the .Awwmb'ly.or it would be \tto strpng~fpr.'; it. . ' If. a. 'reflex,' then ; the .secpiid Chainber was-uselcss.nnd involved a waste of moneys. - .? IMr. 'Eoynton-T-:'Do«in't , that apply. to the Federal Parliament*'') Xo; because, they bad other -ways of curing lbs trouble, lie 'did not believe in - the system adopted in- regard to tlie elections for the federar Parliament;: .but so^oag a-( Jjiey kept the election! .to bile district' they had u .better chance of. getting die \\-fcw'» of.'ths people^ - ii 'whole HhaiC by\ 'dividing ! the colony into districts. In Cape Town a fe.y days ago. they saw the -Legislative CouncU altering ?money Bills and, the Estimates of revenue, and expenditure, 'and both' Housus there! were elected on' the same' franchise. ffThe! Attorney-General— yTben tbey^dpn't always &&&%') I'^fii tberOTorae Jof- / th- Assemoly,; which the Premier wahtea to lie the strong. Chamber^* If they 'wanted- the Legislative Council thfy.shpuld haye a body which would give measures' proper consider ation; and-gtve'\raj''to thd ultimate wish of the people. '?'???'? ;i ' .:«?:? The CHAIR3IAN— I ask the hon. mem ber to confine his remarks to the clause be fore its. . \\.- -.: ?: ',?? ?'.-.-.». -. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD would have done-MThad other members done the same. (Sjr'jJonn D6wnex^-**The whole question is raised by. the amendment.') '. He thought it was.'.;Tne Legislativo .Council should have the power to reject measures' for. a tiuw. The old ?.members of- the Council said it was their'duty to give- way to the expressed will of .the people. Ver-- soon they would tave'to alter their Constitution,. when th--7 became a- dependent State witii exceedingly limited powers of legislation, anbTthe- peopl'i might say they, wanted ft totally different system to that now in force. ln! Switzer land, they had one Chamber with a referen dum..- Since 1881 twenty measure*' had:been submitted to 4he. referendum, and only five had been accepted; When; federation'. was accomplished he would -. recommend the people to accept that system. (Mr. Price— **nien ? I ? wUl foljow- you.') The siinpfer they 'made the machinery the better. Mr. CARPENTER thought Mr. Playfwd must have' done violence to his convictions in having voted- against, the Bill. The will of the people had been expressed, and he should .see that it- was- given' effect to. But,; for nU the hon. member's professed radical principles, ihey had to remember that 5 the hon. member -was voting, against the BiU. Mr. Fhyford. to be consistent with) his statement that the towns -tad the ne'er-do-wells and the roughs -and vaga wndsv should vote against' the amendment. He intended to vote against the amend* ment. . - ??? .' ? '. ? ; ?TKe ATTORNEV-GETXERAL was de ighted- with the obcervations of Mr.- Pky ford.; It was amusing, in view of the hon. member's vote on the Bill,- to notice the cheering by the Opposition when -that member spoke. In 1885 the assessed unim-. proved 'value of the land of the colony amounted to 45 millions; to-day it was only 27 millions, a fall of 18 millions, or of 8«. in. the pound. To hold; that depreciation in value owing 'to circumsfances over which they- had no. control- was sufficient to sub ject these' people who bad' been' disfranchis ed to a double loss of electoral rights was to. contend for ah injustice, and it- was im possible ta. accept it. Those people were as jtood 'as they were years ago.' Mr. Phty fordjhad «aid he favoured thp referendum; yet it was highly amusing to find the lion, member sneering at clause 0. Let the hon. meniber give practical proof ? of his suo nbrtiof 'the' referendum on clause 0. . The KMi.- member had nut it- t*nfc . th* sAVUvA* of- the Upper House was to give way to the -exprewca will of the people. (Hon. Ti Playford— 'That is the expressed Eng lish : Constitution.') * .Yes; and it was ' for Gonstibiti.-Hial freedom, and that, wan what be claimed here. . Let -the hon. . member ipply .the. principle -for which he contended to* w - consideration -of the -present case: Bad the will of the- people not been aacer fiaraed? (Hon. T. Phyford— 'No') THen let it be, under the. provisions of'thia Bill. Had not the will of the peonle boen unmis takably expressed by the referendum? Mr. Playford admitted that.Mie people shoulj rule: The hon. member disputed the last refcrendnm;-then let. them take anotheu uid: would thp hon. member abide by ft (Hon. T. Playford— 'If a certain, nunjlwr of people ^askijfor^t.'^ VHpw! many? (Hon. T. Tlayfonl — 'Welt, say 1W)00.'') Wrll.50,0nn-ed «»kcd for it. (Hon. ,T. Playford— ^'What: you have gbti to put ;to- : them now i* ;when shall thp Bill-he operative ' after fe deration.'*) .'With «H the added J fon«e Kitoeml from'.; the hon. membfr'5 ob servations, it wajiira.oossible but to con clude that the reform should be established at the earliest oj-portunity. Whilst they increased the power of the Legislative Council, they tnrrensed it for Rood, and they diminished, the possibility for mischief. It; was in those circumstances that they contended for the passing of the Bill as it m ' ? ? ? . . . ? M/. FOSTER regretted that he could not rapport the amendment.. (Hon. W. B. Rounsevdl— 'Have . yen '. twisted ' roun- aeain?') No. He had always advocated the- £15. but believed in the. referendum, and pledged himi^lf at the dectioni that if his constituents -went for the -Bill he should carry out ? that mandate,- but if they went against: it he would. oppose it If the referendum 'had anv \\-alue at all.it should be adhered, to. r Mr. Pkyford had given'.folrcible/arRumehU in favpur^of libe ralnstng the franchise. (Mr. Grainger— ''Were you not running round lately for £15 franchise.'*) Yes. He hoped the Coun cil ° would ? put that in. Hon. - mem bers must know that there was not the ghost of a chance of getting household suffrage through both Houses. It .Would be. a reasonable and graceful thing, the Council having more than once refused liberalism at all for the: Conser vatives to get up and propose concessions such as a good many there and a greater number outside bad requested. He did not know what would be the attitude of the Gpvernment.if.the.Lecislative CouncU sent the' measure back with the £15 franchise, but any democrtt-who,- seeing that he had no possibility of getting what he asked for. refused ta take a. substantial instalment of reform was not a democrat.- The out ra- gftous attitude of conservatism adopted by some' members would not be long tolerated. The Conservatives of England were a great deal more liberal than the Conservatives of South Australia. Although a £15 man he would fifty times far sooner have house hold suffrage than the present franchise. Mr. LIVTN'GSTON -said that tho people had spoken out plainly, and they shouh stick to* that decision. They should renc the Bill on to. the Legislative CouncU. and if they did not pass it— well, ' they knew what they did' when a servant di-socjeyed in the countrjt'K sack him. He did not. think there was any need for both Houses' to go to the country* as the people had already spo'ken with regard to thv Atuenibly. Mr. GLYNN asked, with the assimilation of the wa HoUf-e«. where would Alinis terial responsibility be? The moment they abolished the distinction which at present exUtwl between the Mvo llou^ci they gave equal rights and a division of Ministerial responsibility. The Council would' have a right to contrcj Supply, share in Ministerial responsibilities, introduce UilLs, object to the other Houce., introduce a lwlicy, and then, perhaps, turn the tables on that House. It would give an opportunity for shuflling. They might begin upstairs or dQwnfta'rs, or stop between the two. In France, when Uic suffrages of the two Houses were aswmiUted, there was practi cally an enual sliara of iliniitcrial respon sibility. There was a certain proportion of Ministers in each Hove, and they had the rkbt vo addrew either House. That was only a logical corollary to the assimila tion of the suRrtgw.-.The same logieal' re- sult had occurred in Switzerland. It wu iraposrble to conjoin equal representation wit.'i tlie principle of property representa tion. In adopting this principle of equa lity they would be called upon to consider rhe question of Ministerial responsibility being shared by the two Houses. Mr. COPLEY said that household suf frage had only been made a question by politician?. He did not agree that the change was justified by a fall in land values. Country land* had increased in value since the Constitution was framed. There had been1 a fall in town boom values, and in the ouUide districts, -which unfortunate expe rience had proved to be of uncertain rain faJL bat a tlreJattct cajaJt bad resohed m-larger. areas being taken up. lie would vote with his colleague, but not because he wa« in love with the £15 franchise. It would give a vote to pretty well every man and woman in the city and larger and j more prot*prous centres of population, be cause ol-'the: rental -»f 6*.. a. week, but it would not do the sanic for the |H.*ople ia the country. Jt was amusing t- hear Mr. Livingston, a new member, talk of -hc waste- of tiuie. Some member* thought that they were doing no good unless they were passing. Aota of Parliament, but the icneficial work of members sometimes lay-A ? in what ? wan resisted more than in what wa* accomplished. Mr.1 COXEYBEER hoiKMl members would be. careful in votiug 011 the Mibjccl of a £15 franchise'. He admitte«l that such a ranehiss would oeneSt tlie city and subur ban peop'se more than the cocntn people, but he wanted the reform in the interests of the whole iieople. . Through the, depreci- ation' in values -tfroumnds of people -had been ^deprived of their -,vo-tea. Members said WfeVatees-Vere' still oii^the roll- but id they know whether the people voted? H,e, knew inxtnnces where people's names were ktill on. tlie' roll, but who did not vote because they bad not. the quaSificalion. He couldj ijuo'c instance* where property had deprecated. In ooe. ca«e a property doU six years' ago- for £530 last week was sold for £373/ and another one which some years'ago-teauzed £7,000 was sold the other day flbc ±'3,500. , Thetamtndnicni. would.npt benefi?fte(n\in-A^TModnta? 'Hfe^vair.for ihe BiU ana against- any amendment which would hamper it. Mrl jUJtUNG .aid- it;.™ not i: long since fte-'Trtmier-'aavoiiSd that' there1 should he a'nr#nty-qUalHidatiannfor the T^fpsJntiTe-eonnrei], atid-diit-' £1J iBotrfd hi (h'e9ino^vi'f^e-/cawiTMr:iKiDg*l«ngavp theu wa« that land vilnca bad gone dmyn. The Premier soon found- that that, position wa*. unreliable, ' Tiiey were dealing with a Constitution gramtcd in 1835, and they had to take the land value of lhat time it they wished to make any comparison. The land values now were considerably more than they were in 1855. -\\*hen the Treasurer spoke about the *-pponent3 saying ithe other people were not intelligent enough to ha\\*e th^rotc 31 r. Holder kacw it was dragging a red herring acro«* the (rack. When the first suggestion was made for a £15 fran cbisej there was no suggestion for a double vote,. but is was found that under that they could rot pack the' Legislative Council to pass .all tlie measures which the Kingsto nian and Trades Hall Party wanted, las Treasurer was nice when he put the point thai -they did oot want no take the vote away: from 'any one,' but if they added 100,000 voters -to the Legislative Council tho present voters would be outvoted, and-tlic:r vote*; practically, caken away. The Trea surer argued tliat they did nbt trust the people. There was a certain amount of re sponsibility, and they could not find a Con stitution in which- there was fairness, equity, or justice in wJrich there was taxa tim,'unJess they gave projierty reprej-csirta- tiow.' He recognised life bod the first claim, but property paid as. well as life. He had always supported women's suffrage, but be bad not changed iiis o)iiniou on the mat ter ? like' the ' Premier had diric. The Treasurer «et himisclf up as tlie cham pion -of the wives of tltc Legislative Coun cil voters, but when asked to give his vote in that direction lie .voted, the other way. So much for the' champion of tlie rights of those who did not desire his championship. Some country. members'- were arixious that tlie Bill should pass' as the Government' de- sired, it. so that; they might throw the re sponsibility on th-!*l-p'per House of eitlier rejecting_it,or^amcndiujt it to the ,£15 fran-, chise. Then the BiU would, .conic back to the House of Assembly, and 'the Opposition would be dished; very nicely indeed. He merely desired to ; maintainvthc Constitu tion.' He wjould;not byliis .vote be a party to mddling' the other Chamber AvHh- a re sponability which he vrt* not pre|-arcd to accept himself-..' tile hoped .the; Legislative CouncU would not deviate one inch- from the course which was dearly before it He hoped it would accept no compromise ou the Bill. The Government had challenged both Houses of the Legislature and the people, and he hoped the Legixlative Coun cil-would' adopt' the manly' course and fight this .matter to the bitter end.' History re peated iUclL' . i ft. .was! not; bog. since .'they had a 'Yes— No' statesman in bydney, and a few day« ago they witnetwed a similar at titude struck by the Attorney-General. Coming events cart their shadow* before, and he would not be surnrwed, should ttie Government persist in fighting this matter, to find them removed from the Treasury aenches. (Mr. Batchelor— 'Would not you be pleased T') lie would consider lie had rendered a great service to his country in assisting' to remove those who for six yean had , uiurpcd, the rights of the people ot South AunLralia. ' lie would . amnxtrt the st ri King out 01 inc woras in question. ? TbeHon. AV. Ji. BOUNSEVELL agreed UuHTthe Legislative Council had 110 right to resist the cxprctwed will 'of the people, but claimed that the House of Assembly had: no. right 'to whittle away the . privileges of ? the Council or to coerce its memben uuconstitulionaUy. The- Government were endeavouring to coerce tho Legislative Council to accept a measure not - acceptable ' to Uicm or their electors. .Withj-egard to referendum* they would*, have to introaooe a i special' Act for that purpose. If it] hail been desired to take the will of the people on the franchise it would have been put to the electors alone instead of being mixed' up with the .election of members for the Assembly. Many people voted without knowing the absolute result of their vote*. An Mr. Playford said, with boUi Houses elected ou the same basa the Council would be simply a reflex of the Assembly. (Mr. Hutchison— 'AVould it not be a check on hasty legislation?') That was what it was now. At 0.30 p.m. the sitting ot the House wu su»pciidedsuntU,7 .30 p.m. ... ? O11 returning.', LV' '? '_jH Tlie Hon. W. B. BX-WNSEVBLL said thin was not a matter of sentiment. The humanity vote was recognised in the As sembly, and the qualification for the Legis lative Council now was an indication, small though it might be, of a man's stake in tue country. Mr. Foster was a strenuous advo cate for £15. and that afternoon they saw him swaUowing to a great extent his con victions. He objected to Mr. Foster assum ing the position of ticketing him and other* as Conservatives, thereby implying that lie and others opposing that Bill were opposed to all reform. He claimed for himself and others a sympathy with liberal measures. He was not fossilized, and his sympathies were with the great body, of the vorkea. But be opposed giving considerable power to an irresponsible portion of the com munity, lie wanted reformation, not re volution, lie would support the amend ment. . . , Mr. PBAKJQ opposed it. lie recognised the honesty of purpose of the mover, ana Mr. McLachlan and Mr. Blacker. But ae did- not recognise the so-caUcd honesty of a good many members who were going U- sup port them. He looked upon them as pro nounced wreckers of the BUI. The consti tutional question was involved in the amendment. Mr. Playford said that the Council should bow to the unmistakably expressed will of the people. Wan it not unmistakable when their constiGUcnts re turned, them pledged to that measure for two sowons? fjlon. T. Playford-'^ ou were not returned twice pledged if* house hold suffrage.') If they voted abead of the opinions of their constituents of three yeari ago their position wag continued by the hist election, and was made stronger, lie trusted that hon. members represent ing couutry district* would take good heed of the udviec of Mr. (Jopley that a i.15 franchise would be infinitely worse (or the .country districts than a household fran i-i.iM* would be. 'i he ouly way in which he could support a £15 franchise would be in the event of its being returned from the Council, for he would then consider whe ther ii. would not be best to accept it as a compromise for the time rather than see die turmoil and riot that were predicted. Jiut at present he KUpyorted the BiU u i-, stood. Mr. POYXTOX inoved-'That the Com mittee do now divide.' This won declared carried. Mr. SOLOMOX called for a di vision, which resulted as follow*:— Ayes, 11:- 31cww. Arcliibaia, Batchelor, Hooper, lioungtin, Hutchison, MacUil'iv ray, ^McLachlan, Peake, Hoburts, Scherk, and.Poynton (teller). Koes, 35.— Messrs. Blacker, Brooker, Butler, CaldwcU, Carpenter, Castine, CW lcj-, ilarling, Sir John Downer, ihinias, Duncan, Foster, Gilbert, Giles. Grainger, Grilhth»-,.Haguc, llandysufc, ilolder, Horn burg, Jcnkiust Kingston, Livingston, Mc Donald, Mckenzic, Morris, O'Loughlin, Paech, Playfora, fiounwvcll, Shannon, fucker, A on Dooiua, W»ood, and Solomou (teller). ,. Majority of 34 for the Noes. J/Mr. SOLOMON wid U had been argued that those who wished «to strike out the wordB proposed by the amendnicut had not, .suggested the insertion of any others in itbeir-nlacc. But, even, supporting that it was denirahlc to givo household Iranchisc, the. word* '.any nouxo or i-art of a house' twcnt a great deal further than apiwared. JL'artof a house might mean a single room. The clause might be strained to mean virtu ally a lodger lrancbise. He asked the hon. member who endeuvoared lo put on the closure whether such tactics were proiier Because some hon. members wanted to g;t away to some other fouctiou, wus that a '^'?Yi1?' iihP' shoSjl take a division cariier? (Mr.Kobert»-T*Tbatisavcrydange. rons sUleinent for yo«; you ought not to make it.') lhat was the only conclusion he could come to. Hon. members bad re turncu that evening irith Uw knowledge {b»t they would devote themsflviM to the lulL: If every occupies- of a jmrt of a house were to have the vote, where was the thing going to utop? Ho put it to the legal members .to say whether a man and 11U wife occupying a room in a lodging-house, rnd sharing another roam in which they had their meals, were not entitled as the clause ^ood to the full benefit* of the Bill. He asked the hon. member whether that was 4ns Motion? Would ho go further and make it a lodger franchise? He was goins to support , U»e striking out of Llie wonk and even if he knew that the BiU would be accented by both Ilouaea he mnuld «\M ray -hat it was going top far to give lodger inn diise. He believed that a man ami wife occupying a bedroom and another room in which to have their meals would be entitled to vote, whether they paid weekly, month ly, IX- quarterly. It wan a point worthy of consideration. If on no other grounds hu would ask them to strike out the word* for tlie reason that he believed that it wcut a great deal further than household sufiiaco waa intended to. Mr. HUTCHISON did not admire the ar ?}ltu?!li8«2l[MrVDaid?8-^0 H 'poken of the 102,000 to be enfranchised going to out vote the 47,000. Was it the desire of the 102,000 to do the 47,000 an injury? H« could not understand a member like Mr. Foster advocating a £15 franchise. That hon. member was practically returned unoppo sed, and his district had voted in favour of household suffrage, and ye*. Mr. VWer did not know exactly his position. The party to which he (the speaker) beiooged asked for nothing that they were not prepared to give -lo every householder throughout tho colony. He did not think be was far wrong if he stMrd that Mr. Solomon was opposed to any extension. Mr. Copley had admit unI that there were a great many names on the lull -that, ought not to be there, and ho must also admit Uiat thorn people at somo biwe 4iad . the necessary qualification. If they were worthy of a voto then surely Uioy were now. StiU, the hon. member said that they were not fit, or that he would nol trust Uwm. He hoped the Government would stick to the l*wHion. AU Mr. Dar ling desired was to destroy the Bill if pos sible and ignore the voko of his constitu ents. (Mr. Darling— 'I told my constitu -»*» pJainlywhat I waa going to do.') Mr. GILES said tho Opposition coujd nob be accused of wastiog time. They lud sat stall and listened to the AttorneyGcneraC and Treasurer misrepresenting tbcni. This was the most imp-jptant measun! of tho Goveunmcnt. It Kent un a lurtv warfare. itnu uierem; ncipod to keep tho Govern ment in office. He agreed with the Hon. T. Playfonl ih.xl they should leave things abne at present. Supposing the Bill were carried by a largo majority would tlie Trea surer wy tliat the Council ought lo paw it? (The Trcswurcr— 'Ye»; I would.') Tlio Treasurer would admit that the members of 43ie. Council ought only to do what their constituents said. They were bound alono to diem, and not to tic whole of the con stituents of the colony. He thought adult suffrage was better than household suffrage. Vyiictt they considered the alteration ia their system -then would be the time to go for, possibly, adult suffrage. He had told his constituents be would nut Ko for hoimehold suffrage, and would not go for it. lie was not like the Premier, who told his constituents he would not voto for wimon's suffrage, and vot voted for it. Nearly all the lessees and blockcra had tho sufficient qualification, and nearly all tho farmers had sufficient property to put their wives on the roll, but 'there was ajKithy in the country in regard to the matter. The people with property would buve lo my more taxation in the future, and tlie/ should have moro. fepreseniatkm than 4 ho parole who did not have to pay so much. Mr. VON DOUSSA said the dause was of vital importance. He looked upon the ques tion of the reduction of the franoluse as en tirely a politician's question, and if asked whatpohticians, he would say 'Those upon the Treasury Benches wWi the Labour Party behind them.' Theoe hod been no agitation either m the city nr tlie country for this alleged reform. It had been urged by some members that ihe franchise for the Legislative CouncU ought to be lowered be cause of vhe depreciation in the value of property. But were they to alter the fran chivc evcrj'tinic there was a depreciation ta the value of projierty? Property values ne cetfarily were subject to lluctuation, but thi* matter would aulomaticftHy adjuat hV sclf in a very litUe time. Ho was surprised at Mr. Foster and Mr. Burgoyne udvocat ing a £15 franchise and then concludiniC their tpeeche* by a declaration or tVsir ' intention to vote for the Bill. Why had they not the courage of their convictions? no would vote for striking out tho words in question, and was qmte content to let to-morrow taka care of itself. Mr. ROBERTS said the object of oppo* ncnts of the Bill was to secure the adop tion of an amendment at any coat no as to justify the Legislative Council in rejecting it without any risk of a dtttowtion or of their numbers being increased by eight. Mr. Sokmon had occupied hai{ an hour in saying nothing and 'Si*. GUes a similar period. Would Mr. Darling eupnont tho £15 frwchiscT (Mr. Darting— 'No,' and Mr. Solomon— '*Xeitb«r will the Oppoii-\ tioa.') He asked Mr. Shannon to withdraw the amendment, as the Opposition were intent upon striking out the word*, proposed, without the remote* idea of inserting . anything in their steal. He would vote against the amendment. -u it was an absurd one.' The £13 franchise would be a clear advantage to the city over the country. Three members of the Oppo sition had pnt that position. Mr. McDOXALD xn* glad they had found Mr. Roberta in a fixed position at lart. Ifr. Reid in New South Wales a* a Yes-No man could not hold the candle to .Mr. 'BoWrtJt, The Opposition 'was not frightened of the dissolution. He appealed to Mr. Foster and Mr. Paike. and other luember* of the Country Pnrty that they were not fair to the Legislative Conned. Tney were iu favour of £13, and still would rote atptinst hi .-imply to force tbe liand* of the ]-cui*ilatire Coancil. The Government wan ted the power to dictate to tbe Council. Jir. SIIANXQX wa» sorry that the pro cedure of the Committee prevented his puns straight for the £15 without having to strike out sowe words. The CHAIRMAN-The practice of Pir li.iment L* to strike out -words before' other words are put in. I am putting it to the Committee that tbe words proposed to be (?truck out stand. Mr. SHANNON said if the words were j.ut in first they 'would know where they wer?. He was sorry that the Opposition ?were only swtporting him iu striking; out the word:?. If they were manly politicians they would say stxaight out whtit they would vote for. (Mr. Solomon— ''We arc poinc tt support yon so long as your views ??oincide with ours.') His views were for the £15. ? Mr. FOSTER mid reference had been made to the Country Party. Each member ?if that party wa# going to art according to the individual promises to their coustitti f-ncim. He was sorry that the members ?if the Opposition were going to make use of tins amendment for their own nur !-ose*. UTiich w.w Hie more honourable— f- say straight oot, 'as every member of the fonntn- Party had done, what he ww troing to vote for, or to support Mr. Slum liou so far a? the striking out of the words wan concerned, and po no further? Th» ATTORNEY-CiENERAL asked if 't n-ould ntvt be cenrpetent, sunpoftnc they rejected the amendment, to add at the end -.f the clause 'and being of the clear an nual vnlnr- of £15 sterling money?' Tbe effect of that amendment would be to raise' -n a positive and direct shane ths» nuestion .in '.o whether tlie votes could only be con iVrml in respect of a separate dwelling of the dear .nmml value of £15. He sug wsted to Mr. Shannon to move the amend ment in that shape, because the hon. mem I-er most we at present that an alliance wa«i attempt*! to be formed for the pur jirwe of wreckme and mutilating the Bill. The hon. members object m to see some ihintr pnt in the place of the words pro mjsciI to he struck out: and the ohiccfc of ill** OnnooiHon was to nut nothine trw-r*. .Mr. 0R.MX0ER said when 3Ir. Shan non brcwAt np hw Amendment to him when acting as Chairman he (the speaker) l-ad swsrerted that the best way would be to add the words at the end of* the clause. The hon. number explained to him that Iiewnjniot in favour of two perron* in the one 'IwRin? having the rote. He then adviswl Iiim tn move the amendment in the way he ?ml. oth«rwis« the clause would read non t-fn9f. He follow*! the usual Parliamentary l.netire. Now that the bon. memlier bad i-hancerl Tiis mind, conld he axmre himself «.f tV PrmnierV support if he moved the :.m*nfbn»nt which th» Premier suggested? Th« ATTORXEY-frEyERAL said that th* Oovorvropnt were not in favour of the G1.'i. and did not intend to support it. Thcr had merely raasxnted a way by which :'n hon. m*mher who did not want to be mi-ic a fool of cooW nebieve bis purpose The CHAT.tMAN— The hon. member for Wallarr.o was qnfte right. The hon. mem her had followed the usual Parliamentary nro-Mee. TV bon. member for Yorke** Peninsula coiiid Tithdraw his amendment if he ohtaincd She permission of the Corn mi' tee to do so. ? The Hon. T. PLAYFORD did not think the mover of the amendment could com t-lain if certain member* went i'- far with him. although they mijrht not be able to go the whole lenetn tint he desired. Mr. SOLOMON «rid it wa* time the On pojjtion had a word or tzro after tbe tirade «-f disappointment nrd apparent indigna tion on the nart of Mr. Shannon. It now tnmed out that thut hon. member not only wnnted to redurc the franchise to £15, bnt that he wanted U- An prcciwly what the Oppotjrion tried to do last year— to strike out the lodger franchise and the possibility of the niulriplk- ntinn of votes. The hoa. member *riwd them to rote straight out and manly: let the lion, member now stick to hi* clause. The hon. ra*mher knew per fectly well the attitude of the Opposition —knew it » woelc np-. The members of bJs tiartv could not d«nr it- ('Commissioner of PiiMic \Tork«— 'Tlwy had a meeting to nizht didnV tliey?') The wipwrtion thai the Opposition only made up their minds wii« entirely inrerreet. The* Chairman of ti'e Country Parti* knew tbe attitude of the Opposition a week ajro. Mr. COPLTTT counselled bis coOeaene th --t he would lie making a mistake if *ie -rittidrrw his amendment. The hon. merv bcr misht be allowing bimself to be made iw of in a very awkward way. fMr. Fos ter— 'Bv whom?**) By the Govprnmenfc. lie objected ta the statement that the Oppo sition wen» trj'»ng to make use of the hon. member. The Opposition policy on the sub ject wan aereed b- heforetlrat day. The Hon. T. PIjAYFOKD wid he was told at 3 o'clock that afternoon what the Opposition proposed to do. so that the stig ?e«tH-n that they only made up their minds 1 bit oreniug fell to the around. Heronidnot compliment the Opposition upon their tae tir-s on the present occasion. Mr. SHANNON desiml to know what all the bluster was about. He did not go round asking Itow members were going to vote: be ?iv» rhem rrniit (nrh+ine hnnpxt tm)itu-!ano \V)ien a motion was before the House they should hare courage to vote for or against it. He had only known since tea. what notion the Opjiosition proposed to take, but judging from the remarlu of the majority of those who had spoken on that side, he thought there was a chance of their voting tor the £15 franchise. Mr. Darling was the only member who liad stated distinctly the way in which he proposed to go. He understood that Mr. McDonald was going to support the striking out. (Mr. Solomon —'Your Chairman inu*t have kept you a long time in the dark.'*) lie knew the posi tion he wat* in, and the amendment he wished to make. He was quite satisfied thut the Opposition were geting boxed. -Mr. Copley— 'Yon arc being made a mon key to pull the chestnuts out of the fire.'' It was a downright shame to say that, and he was ashamed of hin colleague for making such an interjection from the floor of that Uoutfc. Mr. Copley had known him inti mately for three yean and could not; say that any one could make a tool of him. (Mr. Copley— 'It is quite true what I said.') He denied it emphatically, lie threw back the (statement at Mr. Copley with scorn and contempt. Mr. PAECH did not think Mr. Shannon had done himself junticc, for he had got a little bit boxed. He (tbe speaker) thought tbe Opposition had made themselves per fectly clear. He was quite wiling to strike nut the words, and it Mr. Shannon wished it be would go still further and as»i*t him in striking out every word of the Bill. Tec Treasurer and the ex-Treasurer had done more harm than all put together in talking about the fall of die rental value?. Air. COPLEY was sorry his colleague should haw got xo cro** at his intersec tion. (Mr. Shannon— 'You had no rieht p- .«4v what you did.**) He was not going to withdraw one solitary word. The hon. member for Gumcracha had spoken sarcas tically of what he called the tactics of t«e Opposition, but there bad been no tactics at all. The position of the Opposition vu plain enough. . Mr. GIUINGER moved— 'That the Committee do now divide.' Carried. The question was put— 'That -the words proposed to be struck out stand.' This was declared carried. Mr. SHANNON called for a division, which resulted as fol lows: — Ayes. 25.— Messrs. Archibald, Bitchelor, Broofcer, Butler, Carpenter, Dumas, Foster, G winger, Hooper, - Houngan, Hutchison, Jenkins Kingston, Livingston. MacGilli vray, McKenzic, Morris, O'Loughlin, Peake. Poynton, Price, Roberts, Scherk, Wood, and Holder (teller). Noes, 21.— Messrs. Blacker. CaldwelJ, Copley. Sir Jenkin Coles, Darling, Sir John Downer. Duncan. Gilbert, Giles, Hague,. Handrside, Hombuiv, McDonald, McLach Ian, Paech, Playford, RounsereuV Solomon, Tucker, Yon Doiusa, and Shannon (teller). Majority of 4 for the Ayes. Pair*.— For— Messra.3IilIer, Cummins, and Coneybeer. Noes — Messrs. Burgoyne, Clvnn. and Cnstine. Mr. SflANXON moved to insert at the end cf tbe clause the wonls 'being of a dear annual rental of £15.' The amendment was declared negatived. Mr. SHANNON called for a division, which resulted as follows: — Ayes. 6.— 'Mesurs. Blacker, Hotnburg, Mc Donald, McLachbui.'Ptoyford* and Shannon (teller). Noes, 39.— Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor, lirooker, Sutler, Caldwell,- Carpenter, Coneybeer, Copley, -Sir J-hkin Cotes Mr. Darling, Sir John Downer, Messrs. Dumas, Duncan, Foster, ? Gilbert. Giles, Grainger, Hague, Hooper, Honrigan, Hut chison, Jenkins, Kingston, Living ston, MacGillivrsfr, MeKenrie, Mor ris, O'Loughlin, Paech, Peake, Price, Roberts, Kount«vell, Scherk, Solomon, Tucker, Yon Dousea, Wood, and Holder (teller). Majority of 33 for the Noes. Pairs.— For— Messrs. Burgoyne. Glynn, and Griffiths. Noes— Messrs. Miller, Cum mins, and Coneybeer. The clauxe was declared carried. Mr. GILES called for a division, which resulted as follows: — Ayes, 20.— Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor. Drooker, Iiutler, Carpenter, Conevbeer, Dumns, Foster, Grainger, Hooper, llouri gan, Hutchison, Jenkins, Kingston, Living ston, MacGillivray, McKcnzie. Morris, O'Louphlin, Peake. Poynton, Price, Ro berts, Scherk, Wood, and Holder (teller). Noes, 22.— Messrs. Blacker, Caldwell, Cas tine, Sir Jenkin Coles. Messrs. Copley, Dar ling, Sir John Powher. Messrs. Duncan, Gilbert, Hague, Handytide, Homburg, Mc Donald, McLachlan, I'aeuh, Playford. Roun«evcll, Shannon, Solomon, Tucket, Yon Doussu. and Giles (teller). Majority of 4 for the Aye*. Pairs.— -Ayes— Messrs. Miller and Cum mins. Noes — Messrs. Burcovne and Glynn. j-rogress reponea. committee 10 sit ?gain on Tuesday, September 19. NORTHERN TERRITORY GOLD DREDGING BILL. A message was received from the Legis lative Council notifying that the amend ments made by the House of Assembly in the Northern Territory Golddredging Bill had been agreed to without) any amend ment. WAY COLLEGE INCORPORATION BILL Received from the Legislative Council'. Bill read a, first time; second reading Wednesday, November S. PrTYTLLOXERA BILL. Second reading. The MINISTER of EDUCATION said he had pleasure in moving the second read ing of a Bill which would commend itself to all parties in the House, and which was introduced to foster and protect one of the most important industries c£ South Aus tralia— one which would assume larger di mensions in the near future. South Aus tralia was eminently suited for the growth of vine*, and they had from Mount Re markable to Mount Gambier a large area wherein vines could be grown. Only re cently he had seen at Penola grapes grown to perfection, and wines had been exported front there und been sold by Mr. Young in London at profitable prices. After fe deration they would find a large market in the other colonies for our surplus, and the local consumption was larger than it bad ever been. A great deal had been done to encourage the industry in the past. In Professor Perkins, the viticnltnrist, they 'had an expert who. had the confidence of the emwers, the Parliament, and the people of South Australia, and at the other end of the world ther had Mr. Young, who for five or six years bad given .hi* best ser vice to South Australia to obtain a Euro pean market. Tbe export trade was cwi tinually increasing. The vinegrowing in du«trv did not vary like wheatgrowng and dairying. Although there might be some tlnctuations in the quantity of grapes, the drought had not the same effect u|ion the vines aa it bad upon wheat and dairy produce. The growth of the industry had been gra dual but sure. At the present time nearly 20,000 acres in South Australia were under vine cultivation, the produce of which in ordinary season* would be worth about £400.001). In France the industry was worth about 40 millions sterling annually, and though it might be a very long time De fore we could reach anything like those figures he felt sure that in the near future few. if any. of our national productions would awmme larger dimensions than our vine-growing. If South Australia had 100,000 acres under vines that would bring in about two millions of money, whilst 200,000 acres under vine culture would mean that the in dustry was the largest in the colony so far a* natural productions were concerned, ipe hgures ot our wine-export urane aunug me but ten yean were interesting. Ten years ago South Australia exported 180,135 gal lons, valued at £RO0O: five yean later 200.0«- callon*. valued at £47.0n0: and,1** vear 514,063 gallons, worth £78,000. In 1890 there Avcre only 7,352 acres «nder^necuhi vation in the colony, producing 1,052,000 gal lons: in IStt the area under viticulture was 15.000 acres, representing a yield of UOO.000 gallons; in 1897 the area was 18,333 acres and the yield 1,895,000 gallons: and m 1809 lfl.BO acres produced 1.342,000 gallons. The object of the Bill now submitted to the House was to raise a fund to assist in keep ing phylloxera from South Australia, or, If it made its appearance here, to enable them to adopt the best methods for keeping it in check. Phylloxera was nniouc amongst parasites of cultivated plants. It completely destroyed the plants, and it seemed im pofcihie to eradicate it. It was first ratro iluced into F.n«land in 1863. and since then had spread over all the countries of Europe, and the only wav to keep it in check seem-, ed ti- be by planting American resisting vine* Accordine to Professor Perkins, however, it would he bad policy to plant these vinos sn long as the disease could &e; kept fairlv under control. This ouestiqii was bronrht before the Attornev-General as far back as 1S05. and in 18OT Dr. Cock burn introduced a Bill which was in tended to deal with it. Serious objection*, however, were raised to some o? its provisions by vinegrowers and other*, and since thai various conferences _ ha.l ?taken place between the vinegroirers in the different districts of the colony with a new to arriving at some conclusion in teferenri to the diluted points. The present Bill wn* divided into eieht narts. One import ant alteration in Part I had reference to the conrtitntion 'f the IV»rd. TTie Bill of 1867 provided for the election of a Board by tbe vinegr.ww of the colony voting together, and the Oowrnmcn: bad a right to appoint two member!*. The measure undereonsfdera tfon proposed to divide the colony into nx district?, givinc «nch district the right t) elect oik meailwr to die Board. Clause 11 provided that two members of the Board soouM retire annually. Part 2 did not dif fer from the corresponding portion of the previous BilL In Part 3, however, there was a modification which would commend itself to members. In th-. old Bui it was provided that on vines two yean old 6d. an acre should be charged, on vines chree yean ; old there should be a levy of 9d. an acre, I and on vines four years old the charge should be Is. an acre. In tbe present Bill the charge was 3d. an acre for vines two years old, 6d. an acre for four- year-old | vines, and Is. an acre for vines \nght yean old or over. It was general v recofpised that vines did not come into full bearing in South Australia before they were eight years old. Under tbe BiH every winemaker had to pay 6d. a ton duty on tb? grapes he purchased. It was furtier provided that [the fund raised should be invested in Trea sury Bills or Government bond*. Part 5 dealt with the powers and duties of the Board. Subsection a of tbe first clause set oat that the Board should have power ;o quarantine all orchards or vineyards within a radius of two chains of where disease was or was suspected to be until the nature of such disease was ascertained. In the old Bill the distance fixed was one mile. Subsections b, c, d. and e were »i\ new. Then he came to claase 31. which was some what arbitrary. It read:— 'All vineyards which in the opinion of the Board have remained nntilled or uncultivated for a period of two years after the parsing of this Act may be destroyed.' That meant that if a .vigneron did not recognise that bis vineyard was not worth cultivating the Board bad power to destroy it. It had been proved in other countries that phyl loxera was more likely to start in an un cultivated vineyard. O&c; Glynn— 'There way be trouble about that.') He had dis cussed tile matter with Mr. Uardv and Professor Perkins, and other gentlemen, who thought it was a wise provision. (Mr. Homburs— 'Those are tbe gentlemen men ttnnoA in olmso 5 '\ TTw» Tloanl nrnn1d he chosen by the votes of the vignerons, and would represent each district, and the men mentioned would only start the machinery in motion. (Mr. Shannon— 'Why not rive a representative to each, district t') That would be so when each district elected its member. Clause 33. regarding compensa tion, had boon carefully debated. Tt pro vided: — '?Compensation tJtaU be paid on the recommendation cf the Board, but not otherwise, to the p?rson or persons entitled thereto in respect of all vrnieyatds and parts of vineyards destroyed under the provisions of this Act, and in respect of all persons, gardens, orchards, or produce injuriously affected by the-perforoaace of any of the powers and duties of the Board. Such com pensation shall be assessed by tbe Board on the basis of actual damage sustained by any person in conseauencc of the exercise of the powerr and duties of the Board.'* Under the old Bill compensation was pro posed U- be paid on the scale of £5 per ?ere lur a tiuv.taru mo -an oiu, xiu lur three rears, and £l.i for four years old. Professor Perkins assured him that if a t-UMyard bad r-hyDoxera in it he gave it » three yean' life, and it would be absurd to assess it as worth £t5 per acre. The rlanse would give compensation not only to rignerons, but to everv class of pro ducer who was injured. It was provided in clan*e 34 that no compensation should be paid in respect of any Tineyard which should not bare been cultivated for two rear* prior to destruction. Under the old Bill it was provided that no compensation should be paid for any vinevard und^r one kcre in extort. He pointed out that it was nnlV fair tbat any one irhose vines were destroved shnnld receive compensation, even thoueb ther paid no tax. and that wa« now being done. So far as the fines and penalties were concerned, they were nboct the same as previouslv. Th»y were fairly heavy, hut they must be to be enV Hve. (Mr. McDonald— 'The winegrowers will h*ve to ptr the Amount debited to -tbe dis tfllen.**) He did not think so. So far as risnse 40 was concerned it was slichtly al tered, and read:— 'Except with the sanc tion of the Board no vines shall be planted or permitted to grow in any land from which any diseased vines have been remo ved for a period of ten yean after such re moval, and anr venon who shall commit any breach of tm* section shall, fa convic tion thereof, pay a penaity not exceeding £50, and all vines growing in or on any suoh land within such period shall be de Grayed without compensation.** The old Bill provided for a radius of one mile. (Mr. Hague— 'Ten years is a. long time.**) He did not speak with authority on the ques tion, bnt those who knew more about it said it was not too long. Tt would be much better to use tbe ground for produt* than put it into vines train. In £he ?-}?! Bill they provided that after ten years the operations' of the Act might Tbe suspended, but now ther proposed to make it after a sum of £5,000 had been co'Icored the Board should have power to reduce the amount of the tax or to suspend the operations cf the Act or soy portion thereof. It nracti caHv left to the Board the discretion of working -the Act provided they had a rm fieerrt sum to cope with the phylloxera, ne summarized the alterations as follows:— 1\. Tb secure emikable representation and division of districts. 2. The Board was con stantly and automaticaUr renewed by the yesrlv election of one-third of the Board, and the machinery of ejection was defined. 3\. The rating wn« modified, and all wine makers and distillers rated. 4. Quarantine regulations were properly modified, meeting the strong objection in the previous Bill. 8. Compensation mu- paid for all damage done, irrespective of whether to vinegrowen or not. 7. Compensation not »t fixed rate per acre, bnt in accordance with actual da nw-rc. * On the motion of Mr. McDONALD the debate was Adjourned until Wednesday, septemoer is. PAPERS. T'he following Papers were l«d on the able-.-By the ATTORNEYGENBRAL By eoroamnd— Statistical Register. 1898; jart vu. Religious, Educational, and Cfcari nble Institutions. By the MINISTER of EDUCATION- Pursuant to Statute— Ad- itract of receipts and expenditure of the Botanic Gardens for the year ended June ». 1899. By the COMMISSIONER of PUB LIC WORKS — By command— Gaogings taken in connection with the Bundaleer Waterworks, 1st to 31st Jnly. 1899. ADJOURNMENT. At 10.10 p.m. (he House adjourned oatil (Vednesdav. September 13. at 2 pan. 