Political Items. Mr J. T. McMahon, who has been - nine months in the Woothakata dec- , torate, is opposing Mr John New£U.«J5 if Mr . w. h. time member,^e^Faot^>h&ta;& the show good enough, a new comer like. Sir McMahon cannot hare the ghost of a chance. Mr Newell was banqueted at Port Douglas ttus week. It is understood that Mr W. J. Paull will be the only Ministerial can didate for Charters Towers. The names, of several other gentlemen havebeeo. mentioned, but they have declined, it is felt that it wonld b4 unwise pol icy to run more than one candidate. Messrs T. Foley and A. QgiSen, Labor candidates for Townsville; ad dressed an open air meeting there Oin Thursday night. Mr Foley ugave tho history of the various plebiskyjtes, ana said he quite agreed that tw^uLabor candidates should run; if theffcoul4 return one they could returu^tjafefc Both candidates then addressed thUn-^ selves to the Labor "programme. The audience, which was -large, was not particularly enthusiastic, and no vot& of confidence was asked for. {By Telegraph.) CQQKTOWN, February 17. Mr. Riddel addressed the electors^ last night, and received a fair hearing, from a large audience. He indulged throughout in denouncing every act and measure of the Government. He was accorded a vote of thanks for his address. MARYBOROUGH, February 17. A well attended meking of the sup porters of Mr Stafford, the Opposition - candidate, was held to-day. BRISBANE,, February 17> . Mr John Bruce has been announced, as the Ministerial candidate for Port Curtis. - ... . M. Lilley, barrister, to request him^H6 contest' North Brisbane in the OppoBjE tion interest Mr Drake presented the:" petition. Mr Lilley in reply, stated had the request beea made at an earlier date, he would have given it "serious-, consideration, but since he had already announced his intention to contest Ox ley, he was unable to withdraw. Mr George Phillip has announced hia." intention of retiring from the Nundab election in favour of Mr Bridges, who is opposed by F. Passey and James Bayoe. An enthusiastic meeting was held at Dalby on Wednesday night, wheft "Messrs Glassey and Fegan addressed '* thei electors. Mr Glassey confined his. remarks principally to belittling. tjie Government. Messrs Philp, Dalrymple and Chat away have gone North to-night to visit their constituents. TOOWOOMBA, February 17. Mr W. H. Groom opens the elec tion campaign there, on Wednesday next. Mr James Tolmie comes out as the Ministerial, candidate f or.Toowoomba He is endorsed by the Government. Mr Dickson speaks here on 16tt» March. J 