ME.. Alfred Dampier is more seriously ill than was at first supposed. ThelKing's Muslceteer Company produceSecret Ser vice andThe Christian during their Sydney season. Miss Carrie Moore is playing "Flirt,poor Sadie Macdonald's part, in the Sydney revival of a. A Trip to Chinatown. The Misses Musgrove are enthusiastic about Lon don, and have made several friends. They see a great deal of Mrs. Potter. Miss Amy Castles' takings in Sydney;were .£535 at the first concert, .£365 at the second, and .£400 at the matinee. .£1300 in all. The expenses were .£250. Miss Elsie Carew, the popular aotaess of the Frank Thornton Company, is touring with the Sweet Briar Company, under Leedham Bantook's management. Miss Ada Ferrar spent a few days in Melbourne prior toher leaving for- London by the Or,uba. She went about very quickly, refusing three-fourths of the invitations showered on her. Miss Ada Woodhill, to whom a Sydney judge awarded <£200 damages as the result of her recent/libel action against the Daily Telegraph, has been engaged by Williamson and Musgrove for their dramatic company. Miss Florence Young, when playing her , panto mime season in London, lived in a cosy.little fiat in Portman Plaoe. Since her return from South Africa she has. been playing with the Lock wood-Sevilly Opera Company in Manchester. The Royal Comic" Opera Company, now in Perth, played Ma Mie Rosette in Adelaide, with an almost .new cast:-Henry of Navarre, Mr, "William, Paull; Rosette, Miss Florence Perry; virioent, Mr. Konning ham, and Martha, Miss Dorothy Yane. Miss Noel Neville Griffith, a Sydney girl, with a light soprano voice, has left, for London by.the Oruba, under Miss Ada, Ferrar's chaperonage, in order to study singing in London. Miss Griffith .' walked ,on" with the early Christians "in The Sign of the Cross. R MB. Brough gives. The Physician, Mr. H. A. Jones' newplay,its,trial to- morrow night at the Sydney Royal. The Physician &rxd; a strong champion in Mr. "William Aroher, the well-known critio, who places great im portance on its " introductory cherd," which like the opening scene, or " introductory chord" of Hamlet, suggests that there are " ghosts abroad." Thb beginning of August will see several changes with Williamson and Musgrove companies. The Belle of New York troupe leave Sydney on August 2 by,the Alameda for San Francisco. The King's Mus keteer people go to Sydney in time for their; opening date, August 5, and Mr. Harry Conor comes on to Melbourne, his re-appearance being timed for the same night. ; . MR. Charles I-Iolloway is coming forward with a rush as a controlling power in the local dramatic world. If present negotiations are carried through, an'English company will come out to him and take possession of the Sydney Lyceum, leaving Mr. Hollo way free to take up the tenancy at the Melbourne Royal about the middle of September, or even earlier. At Christmas the two companies change theatres, the English section appearing in Melbourne. Mr." Bland Holt burnt his hand a few nights ago .'cooking an omelette, in StraigJd from the Heart. Another man would have left the omelette out of the bill until his hand was better; but Bland Holt eimply put on a glove, and went on cooking the nightly ban quet without even murmuring the fourth letter of the alphabet. It is interesting to-know the omelette scene was never played in the London version ,_the third act of which was full of gloom and misery. But. the guiding genius of the Royal knows an Australian audience, and made several improvements in lighting up the piece. - -' Two professional ladies at a fashionable dinner recently noticed an item on the menu, "Cigarettes k la Vanille." "When they bring the oigarettes," said the elder " we'll bring them home to Johnny." The other assented, for they had younger brothers. But no cigarettes came. They read the menu again. "They don't intend to bring the cigaret.tes," was their comment. " Perhaps we've eaten them," sug gested the younger. " What were those curled up pink things with the ices P--there was vanilla in them." And that was the true explanation, so they went home and told their friends that they had eaten cigarettes! MB. Paul Pelham is the latest star at the Bijou j an English character vocalist with Mr. Charles Godfrey as his model. That is to say, Mr. Pelham has much the same vivacity of manner and varying change of expression that were two of Mr. Godfrey's strongest attributes, but Mr. Pelham is something more than an imitator. He has many good qualities to individualise him in his line of work, especially a talent for effective acting . to illustrate his songs | and turn them into well-told dramatic stories " Good Night," " I know you, You know," and "The, Empty Frame," are the first batch of his repertoire. The Belle Now York Company had as sharp an ex perience of travel in.; Australia as they would have, had in their own. country. Leaving Brisbane.on Friday, June 30, they came straight on to Melbourne by train, and set out at once for Ballarat by. another, special, commencing their season on Monday. July 3, one of the quickest bits of theatrical travelling managed in this part of the world. It must be remembered that the full company, principals, orchestra, chorus, scenery and baggage were in pro gress the whole time. Some of the minor people grumbled considerably, but they were roundly pulled up by a popular principal. " Thank your stars you are travelling; when you get back to New York you can bet your boots you won't be!" In the rush three or four girls lost the train. The company, after their Adelaide season, hurry back to Sydney for a short farewell, and leave for America on August 2. So muoh misunderstanding exists about the Garcia family that it is just as well to remember the famous Mauuel Garcia is not dead. He is living in London, in the possession of all his faculties and as keenly in terested in musical doings as ever Re was, although he will soon oelebrate his ninety-fifth year. An Austra lian lady now in' England saw aad spoke to him lately, telling him her nationality. " Ah, Australia!" said the old man smiling, "the country of the night ingale. In one hundred years-not before, I say one hundred years, it will be Italy, and the birds will sing everywhere!" Manuel's Garcia's father was the original Count Almabira in liossini's Barber of Seville, and his sister was the great Malibran, the first operatic singer of her age. Madame Viardot Garcia, the younger singer, has a pretty home just outside Paris. She is eighty years of age, and up till recently received pupils, though she has long since given up the concert platform. Spry and ^Au^in,-independently of their funny advertisement/duet, which haa'-a. touch of comic genius about tit, .int^od uce tnaftyVssmart points in their turn. \Thq Englishes have Nth© satisfaction of knowing theirbanjo and cornet playihg wins goneral approval, and Miss Lottio MoorT^T still keep their amuBina skn+ni, , iIr- B cellenoor Th;.pretty «W33*,g**, ladders, goes_ through as fascinatiL ?eic nastic expertness as can be i.na^i^l* m1 o! Woodson as the " silver streak of T! r' * astonishes all sections of fch« ? pe^lal' m .Woods," the first part picture, fea,"C tory set, and the ballad sin<nne of Mr w 'nt Mr. Howard Chambers, flfiss Neva p aco the others is a pleasing feature J 4Xarr'G"yn The Wednesday matinees alwly8 draw tendance, and there is iust aa * ,a w about the entertainment as at night! brig : CINQTJBVAI'LX, the "King Of Jugglera" u everything, and been everywhere. Hfi t' has tails of oirous work, can play several L?°,vaa an expert acrobat and gymnast; haa fn^?n gagements in pantomime, tried hiB v, mesmerism, -and succeeded all talent for juggling commenced to S?" almost as soon as he could walk, and at I of age he was the admiration of the small"6?! in the neighbourhood for hia profloienoy of standing on his head. Every iuLii" he saw he tried to imitate, smashinghi crockery m his homo by experimenting and finally he ran away to a circiM was in Berlin, for his father, a milkr been banished from Poland for political r One of Cinquevalli's successes was an imitation imp of the woods, such a natural bit of actin contortion combined, that it always deceive audiences. Cinquevalli has lived through one worst falls that ever happened to a trapezisfc quite a lad, ho fell 70 feet as he was dftin* a's sault from one trapeze to the other. There w net beneath-Cinquevalli never used one-an injuries were so terrible) that for weeks he lay be life and death. The accident was due to the car n^ss of an attendant, who had forgotten to nj bars free of the-moisture that had collected on during the day. ' THE poster-hunters of Melbourne-and not have caught the craze-are very ruuoli taken Mr. Blamire Young's huge poster, tbirty-flve long, of The King's Musketeer. The grotesque h of the grouping illustrates several passages i novel, and Bunthorne himself would take delig " the stained glass attitude" of the characters" it is the marvellous sweep of line, and masterly of color effect that makes the poster unique, certainly the best of its kind that has appea this part of the world, and it is to be hoped class of poster will grow. But better still, aM even the poster-hunters know nothing of it. picture of Porthos, in Mr, Blamire Young'sata the, Queen's Coffee Palace. Porthos to the lil as large as .life, as Dumas created him. The and shade of the colouring suggesting the ligV shade of the character. The figure beckons forefinger to the spectator, who feels the full of Porthos' eye upon him, and turns again and fco look at the burly musketeer. Mr. BlamireY is a Yorlcahireman,' who studied art on the conl and in London, and he has a wife as'clever #3 self, and as picturesque as an artist's wife shorn when she too happens to bo an artist, The V have not been in Melbourne many mouths, yet have steadily won their way, and " Blnmiro Yo appears on oiany a poster picture on the city sn ings. The two changes in The King's Musketeers a Princess', Miss Emelie Hughes as the Queen, ana Rose Musgrove as Gabrielle de Chains, haven preaiative difference on the piflce. ^vor ®T1DC6 Hughes gave such apiotivesque study ot Jos p her Melbourne fame has increased at atremenao and an audience knows beforehand that whate undertakes to do, or whatever she is oast io , done to 1 he best of her ability, and witho« slumming. There are points aboub .be alono whioh are exceedingly clover, and b ... while it necessarily has to fall in with th _ lousiness of the scene, has dignity nod P forco about it Eaoh queen--Miss R y > Ireland, and Miss Hughes-hits had ^ . ... distinguishing traic is ner Ee Musgrove^as Gabrielle. shows Kcs. resolve to si tilt-herself in the *f "fflfflAnd»ble jeao forpivGa her ah ortcomi n gs. BK-terthat onereaa .y ^ MJss RoS0 Musgt-ove Bprin^^^iio Hushes, for the latter lady KwIofMf EffTSrieU«. tbit anybody else must H,porfeet s (Jaorie Mipa Museroye should MB., hr cnmPflri3°. 1 dono'.implies the possession ffi d as well as she has dornv P ^ taW 1-^.Tfrm the first. . Mr. Cecil m» nofcln-Arta°nan. and Mips Henrietta Wm, « jlijffhtedthe spectators to such B'nfShe fourth act closes in with a storm ?Bxtent that tie 0£ the piece generally, P^^Vhin* new to say. Its excellence i* a He 13 ? v, nverrwhere. The orchestra; under Br S d» some good work, the Faust over Pl^McuIarlywen-pJayed. m , . f J iie Heart takes its place a a one of .tbe. fcS/rnced roodease. in .the Bland, Holfc EMPrV and the Theatre Royal clienitla wish,for H'J hatter There is so much....novelty and KVnnt the .production, so much bustle .and Blent that the attention is caught and-kept |S" time. Such pcenes as thewedding ;at sea, Ernror's camp in a' pretty-', ooraer; of jthe; Brian coa-rt, and the guillotine of the last act. aro ? 'letely different to effects generally contrived Bneopln'talk as eagerly about tbem as if B Fw0rfl flolnil f»c<:« and nofc the solution B" B|and Holt-Brunfcrm brain. By. some Bns chain of reasoning ? Mr. Baker?s ' a,ot-; K the prison scene has been plaowdside by.'-side'; ? bisheroic bearing in One of the Besi, and the ?characters have become one. The explanation', ?of course, in the case that occupies the attention ?a whole world; but it is .odd', that to one ? should fall the task of, picturing French prison ?after illustrating the pathos of a military cere Rofdogradation. Straight fvopi the Heart abounds Burt character sketch BP-Mr. Arthur Sty an, Mr'; Blfi Brown, Mr. Albert Norman. Mr. Montgomery. ? Coulson and Miss Fitzmaurice GUI. Mr, and R Bland Holfc have several diverting episodes, ?the least is the making of the omelette out of ?birds'eggs on the Algerian shore. The audience ?sesfremeend of the theatre som&timea; get an ?tisinsf whiff of the cooking,, and now at lea,st one ?rptising restaurant has added " Omelette d' Isrs" to its stock in trade.' ni Daily Mail has a very "snappy" interview ?l!rs, Potter of considerable interest to Austra lia all the parties are well-known.- Mortimer ?K3 was sketching Mrs, Potter, and Raymond ?ihwayt sketched both. Menpes it should be ?labored is an Adelaide man, and Raymond ?iiira.yfc was here as a lecturer some little time lit is Mortimer Menpes' intention to hold a Bsrexhibition in Bond-street, where 190 pictures |o fascinating actress will be a "chief feature" of ptair. Probably the adjoining buildings will bo iW down to make room For the other " features." ? Potter talked on artistic dressing, and Raymond ?thwayt listened with all his ears for bo had it heard suoh a discourse in his life. " I make |n the methods of Vandyok, Romney, Reynolds ?Gainsborough," said the beauty with her daz I j 6 M both artist and journalist. " I place a I or vermilion to the mouth and nostrils to give I" \ KQtn-like quality ! " " Like a Persian ?»t. put m Menpes not impertinently, but with y of a oolour worshipper. La belle Potter went on serenely. " Ifc is "wonderful what yovt can do with a swish of hair! You can pull yourself to a period with it! Boots and gloves tell a story. If people only knew how dress could be made to realise history! Costume should harmonize with the oc cupation: When lam Charlotte Corday I am nothing else. I studied every book, print, and picture of her. I could secure O . . . _I like to play emotional scenes in white, serious tragic and sinister scenes in black, and choose red for reckless defiant and wicked p^rts, . . . Colour is ndt sufficiently understood. " No," was Menpes' emphatic comments. " Everyone goes 'Nap' on grey-as if all effects were nocturnes by "Whistler !" After this sublime mixture of meta phors, the interview came to earth again, and Mrs. Potter explained how a chimney sweep could be mado to look beautiful, did he only have his dress in harmony with his siirroundings! Mr J. C. Williamson has purchased the Australian rights of Da Koven's "R.obin Hood, an American light opera played by The Bostonians. 'Mr Walter Bontley has been engaged by "The firm ",to play Wilfred Denver in the forthcoming TdvivaX or The Silver King. Miss Henrietta Watson will again be* Nellie Denver,, in which she created something like a furore a few years ago at the Prin cess. The Henry Corketb will be Mr Harry Shine.. ; THE London Daily Telegraph publishes a cable era a from "New York announcing that Miss Florrie West, a favourite of the English variety stage, who had1 arrived in America only a week before, from Austra lia^'-haw become insane. Miss West will be remem bered here as one of the stars of the Harry Rickard's Cotapany at the Opera House only a few months ago. : 1 \ Mr Hugh Ward is one of the eleverest of the new people Mr Harry Conor has brought with him this visit. 'Mr Ward commenced as a dancer in variety business, but speedily gave that up for dramatic work? He olaims to havo played 300 parts during his career, among others Rip Van Winkle, which won ,him the notice of the great original Rip himself, Joseph Jefferson. This celebrity still talks kindly of his Australian experiences, aflier thirty years' 'absenoe. Mr Hugh Ward was a member of the PittBburg Opera House Company, and does eome work, chiefly a record of Mr Harry Conor's com pany's doings, for the Pittsburg Post and.other papers Miss Maggie .Stirling's first appearanoe in London, was at the Sachs Orchestral Conoert in the Queen's Hall on June 6, when""(as"'a} ready notified at the time in the cable news), sh'o 'Sva's "entirely successful. The following is from a<Londoh paper :-"Her rich mellow voice was heard with admirable results in Tschaikowsky's " Jeanne d'AVp," for vwhijch she was most enthusiastically"'reoallfi^f.,the applause being loud and long, even aijter jher encdre nu'ndfber-one of Scott Gatty's songa-fo£ -which she'narrowyly missed the rare compliment of a fur'tner recalls /The same success attended her secorTd^numbery. 'fascia oh'io pianga." and the new Australian singer must be credited with a very complete and most gratifying success on the oocasion of her London debut. There ?was a very large audience. 