LOST FOR LOYE. CHAPTER XXX. ' ONE MOKE UNFORTUNATE.' The first person to tell Val Blake of Char ley's flight was Captain Cavendish. He found . that officer killing time by lounging on the , platform, and staring at the passengers, as he alighted. Speckport, from time immemorial, had had a great fancy for crowding steamboat 'wharves and railways platforms, to look at new. arrivals ; and strangers in the place fell into the habits of the natives, unconsciously. ' Poor devil !' said the captain, swinging his cane airily about, and linking his arm in Val's ; ' I hope he'll dodge tliem) and escape Jack Ketch. I never like to see any one I've been on friendly terms with once, coming to that,' 'Aro your friends in tho habit of coming to it ?' Mr. Blake asked, innocently. ' Bah ! How did you enjoy your trip up 'the country ?' ' As well as I expected.' | 'And did you find Cherrie.' '/What ?' 'Did you find Cherrie ?' serenely repeated \- Captain Cavendish. , ? y ' No,' said Yal. 'Do you know whore she is ?' The question might have disconcerted any . other man, but it only made tho young officer stare. ' I ! My dear fellow. I don't understand^ you!' ' Oh, yes, you dp,' said Mr. Blake. 'I think you are about as apt to know the hiding place of little Cherrie as any other man in this province. Thafc she is in hiding I am positive ; .and I'll ferret her out yet, as sure as any. name's Blake.' There was a certain determination in Mr. Blake's voice that the captain by ho means liked, but he only laughed indifferently. ' Success to you ! No ono will be moro re joiced to see the littlo dear back in Speckport than I ! The place is a desert with out her ; but I give you my word of honour, Blake, she might be in the moon for all I Jcaow to tho contrary.' And in saying this, Captain Cavendish spoke the truth, for Cherrie had not yet writ ten.' The notion had been vaguely floating through Yal's mind, ever since the robbery and murder and Cherrie's flight, that the English officer was in some way connected ?with the affair. He might even have mentally suspected him of the crime, but for one cir cumstance. It was precisely at eleven o'clock Midge had first been alarmed by the flying footsteps of the assassin ; and at precisely eleven the Princess Royal had left Speckport, ?with the captain on board. It was clear he could not be in two places at once ; so Yal lad acquitted him of the murder, but 'not of inowing Cherrie's whereabouts. Even now, lie was anything but ready to take Tiim at his 'word, but it was useless to press the question. 'How do they get on in Cottage street,' lie asked. ' T. presume you aro there every day.' „ ' I call every day, of course,' replied Cap , tain Cavendish, a slight flush coloring his non chalant face ; ' but I never see any one except Midge, or that other girl.' 'Betsy Ann?' ' I suppose so. No one is permitted to enter, it appears, except your sister and Miss Blair.' ' Indeed,' said Yal ; ' I should think you ?would have the entry above all others. Have you not seen Nathalie Binco those melancholy changes have occurred ?' 'Yes. Once.' ' Ah ! At Cottage street ?' ' ' Yes.' ' Well,' said Val, who was never restrained 'by sentimental delicacy, ' what did she say?' ' Not much, but what she did say was ex ceedingly to tho point. She gave me my coupe de conge.' ' You don't say so ! Did you take it ?' I ' What could I do ? She was inexorable ! Of course, as a man of honour, I should have made her my wife, in spite of all, but sho was determined.' A queer smile went wandering for a second or two round Mr. Blake's mouth, but he in stantly called his risible faculties to order, and became: gravo-again. ' How are they ? How do they take Char ley's escape?' 'Mrs. Marsh is poorly — confined to her bed, I believe, but Nathalie, they'tell1 mo, appears better, and takes care of her mother. Your sister, however, will be able to tell you all particulars.' ' I say, Cavendish,' exclaimed Yal, 'you could go in for Jane McGregor now. She is nearly as rich as poor Natty was to be.' ' Bah ! What do I care for her riches ?' 'Oh, yes, I understand ; but just reflect that her papa will give lier- ten thousand pounds on lier wedding-day, and threo times that much at his death ; and I am sure you -will be brought to take pity on her.' ' Take pity on her ?' 'Tah! Tali! Tali !' cried Yal; 'don't play innocent. You know as well as ' I do, sho is dying for you.' 'But, my dear Blako,' expostulated the captain, ' she has red hair and freckles.' ' ' Auburn hair — auburn ! As for the freck les, lier guineas will cover thom. Will you como in?', .They were at the offico door, but Captain Cavendish declined. 'I have to go to barracks,' he said. ' Good morning.' ? Mr. Blako spent some two hours in his office, attending to business, and then sallied forth again. His stops were bent in tho direction of Cottage streot, where he expected to find his sister. The liouso looked as if seme one were dead within — tho blinds all down, tho doors all closed — and no one visible ?within or without. Ifc was Midge who opened tho door, in answer to his loud knock. ' How are you, Midgo ?' inquired Mr. Blake, striding in, ' and how are Mrs. and Miss Marsh ?' Midge's reply was a prolonged and dismal narrative of tho sufferings of both. The elder lady was unable to leavo her bod — sho liad fretted herself into a low, nervous fever, and was so cross, and captious, and quarrel some, and peevish, that she made the lives of every, ono in the house a misery to thom. She did nothing but sigh, and cry, and moan, and complain from morning till night, and ' from night till morning. Nothing they did pleased her. Of Nathalie, Midgo had tho reverse of this story to tell— sho nover complained at all. No, Midge wished sho would ; her mute despair was far harder to bear than tho weary complainings of lier mother. Sho sat by that petulent invalid mothor's side the | Jiyclong day, holding cooling drinks to hor poor parched lips, bathing the hot brow and hands, and smoothing the tossed pillow; rarely speaking, savo to ask or answer some question ; never replying to tho endless reproaches of the sick woman ; never utter ing one complaint or shedding one tear. Mr. Val Blako was ushered by Midge into the darkened chamber of Mrs. Marsh, and looked at Nathalie sitting by her bedside. In spite of what lie had heard, he was shocked at the change which the past week had made in her — shocked at the wasted and shadowy form, the wan, transparent hands, the hollow eyes and haggard cheeks. Sho was dressed in mourning, and tho crape and bombazine made her look 'quite ghastly by contrast. Mr. Blake's visit was not a long one. Nathalie scarcely spoke at all, and his sister was not there. Mrs. Marsh, who had boon asleep when ho entered, awoke presently and poured her dreary wailings into his ear, Val consoled hor as well as he could ; but there was no balm in Gilead for her, and he was glad when ho could with decency 'get out of the reach of her querulous voice. Her time, of late, seemed pretty equally divided between dozing and. bewailings; and she fretted herself into another slumber shortly after. Left alone, Nathalie Marsh sat by tho window, while the dull afternoon woro away, looking out over the gloomy bay, with a darkly brooding face. Hev desolation had never seemed so present to . her as on this eerie evening. Sho had been stunned and stupefied by the rapidly- falling blows, but the after pain was far more apute and keen than that first dull sense of sufforing. 'Ruined and disgraced!' they were tho two ugly words on which all tho changes of her thoughts rang. Ruined and disgraced ! Yes, she was that ; and she who had once been the belle and boast of tho town could never hold up her head there any more. How those who had envied and hated her for her beauty and her prosperity, wonld exult over her now ! What had she done that such misery should fall upon her ? What ' had sho done ? The little house in Cottage-street was very still. Mrs. Marsh yet dozed fitfully ; Midge had gone out to give herself an airing, and Betsy Ann was standing in tho open front door, looking drearily out at the rain, which was beginning to fall with the night. Like Mariana, she was '' a- weary,' — though, not being quite so far gone, in the blues as that forlorn lady, she did not wish she was dead — and was staring dismally at the slanting rain,' when the rustle of a dress on the stairs made her turn round, and become transfixed with amazement at beholding Miss Marsh, in a bonnet and shawl, arrayed to go out. Betsy Ann recoiled as if she had seen a ghost, for the white face of the young lady looked awfully corpse-like, in contrast with her sable wrappings. ' Good gracious me ! Miss Natty !' sho gasped, ' you're never going out in this here rain ! Ye'll get your death !' If Nathalie heard her, she did not heed, for she walked steadily out and on through the wet evening, until she was lost to Betsy Ann's shivered view. There were very*few abroad that rainy evening, and those few hurried along with bent heads and uplifted umbrellas, and saw not the black figure flitting by them in the gloom. On she steadfastly went, through the soaking rain, heeding it no more | than if ifc were rays of sunshine ; on, with one purpose in her face, with her eyes ever turned in one direction — toward the sea. Cottage-street wound away with a path that led directly to tho shore. Ifc had been familiar to her all her life, and there was an old disused wharf at the end, where she and Charley had used to play in tho sunny summer days long ago — a hundred years ago, it seemed, at the least. It was a useless old wharf, rotten,, and slippery, and dangerous, to which boats were made fast, and where fishermen mended their nets. To this wharf Nathalie made her way in the thickening darkness, tho piteous rain beating in her face, the sea-wind fluttering her black veil and soaking dress. Heaven knows what purpose the poor, half-delirious girl had in her mind ! Perhaps only to Stand on the familiar spot, ancl listen to the familiar voices j of the wind and waves dashing against the rotten logs and slimy planks of the old wharf, on which she had spent so many 1 happy hours. No' one ever knew how it was ; and we must 'only pity her in' her dumb agony of despair, and think as mercifully of { tlio dark and distracted soul as we can. The ?'night was dark, the wharf dangerous and slippery, with the rain, and one might easily miss their footing and fall. Who can say how it was ? but thore was a suppressed cry — the last wail of that despairing soul — , a sullen plunge, a straggle in the black and dreadful waters, another smothered cry, and then the wharf was empty, and tho devouring waves had closed over the golden head of Nathalie Marsh ! , In the roar of the surf on the shore, and the wailing cry of the night wind, there was no voice to tell what had happened in the lonely gloom of the rainy night. No, surely, or the faithful servant, who entered tho. cottage drip ping, after her constitutional, would have fled wildly to the scene of the tragedy, instead of standing there in tho kitchen, talking to Betsy Ann, as she placed her wet umbrella in a cor ner to drip. ' I went up to Miss Jo's,' said Midge, shak ing herself, and giving Betsy Ann an impromptu shower-bath, ' and sho made mo stay for tea, and fetch this umberel home. How's the Missis: — asleep ?' ' Yes,' said Betsy Ann, looking nervous and soared, for. sho was mortally afraid of the dwarf ; ' but you didn't — I mean to say, was not Miss Natty to Blake's ?'' 'Miss — What!' screamed Midgo; 'how should Miss Natty get there, stupid ! Isn't she in her own room ?' ' No, sho ain't,' said Betsy Ann, looking still more scared; ' aud I don't know whore she is, noitlier! Sho came down stairs just aforo dark, with hor things on, and went out [ in all the rain. Sho wouldn't tell mo whero she was going, and she wouldn't stay in for me ; and you needn't look so mad about it, for I couldn't help it! Thore!' Midge's florid face turned ashen gray with terror; a vague, nameless, dreadful fear, that brought cold beads of sweat out on hor brow. Botsy Ann had no need to back in alarm ; it was not anger that blanchod the homely face, and her ears wero in no danger of being boxed. ' Which way did she tako ?' she asked, her | very voice husky with that creeping fear. ' Slio wont straight along,' Botsy Ann re plied, ' as if a-going to the shore.' It was tho answer Midgo had oxpccied, but the hands fastening her shawl shook so, as she heard it, that slio could hardly finish that operation. ' Go to Mr. Blake !' she said ; ' run for yonr life, and toll Mr. Val to hurry to the beach, and fetch a lantorn. Tell him I am afraid something dreadful has happened.' Sho hurried off herself, as she spoke, heed less of the invalid upstairs, of lashing rain, and driving wind, and black night. Heedless of all but that terrible fear, Midge hurried through the storm to the shore. In the next day's issue of the Speckport Spouter, the following item appeared : ' Mysterious Disappearance ! — Yesterday evening, about seven o'clock, Miss Nathalie Marsh quitted lier residence in Cottage-street, without informing her friends where she was going, and has not sinco been heard of. Upon the discovery of her absence, search was made along the shore, in which direction she was seen to go, and a crepe veil, recognized as be longing to Miss Marsh, found on tho old wharf at the end of Cottage-street. The veil had been caught by a spike projecting from the wharf, immediately above the water. It is feared that a dreadful accident has happened, and the young ladv has been drowned. She had been ill and a little delirious some time before, and we presume wandered down to the old wharf, a most dangerous place at all times and particularly so on a dark and stormy night, such as last night was, and fell in. Any intelligence of her will bo thankfully received, and liberally rewarded, by her afflicted friends. The young lady was dressed in deep mourn- , ing, arid might easily bo recognized by the luxuriant abundance of her golden hair.' Speckport read this paragraph over its breakfast coffee and toast, and was profoundly | shocked thereby. And so poor Miss Marsh had drowned herself ! They had expected as much ! all along — she was not the girl to survive such disgrace ! But it was very dreadful ; and they wouldn't wonder to hear next that the poor bereaved mother had died of a broken heart. They hoped the body would be recovered — it Would be a melancholy consolation to her friends, not to say to her enemies, who would then be out of doubt as to her fate. People went past the house'in Cottage-street with the same morbid curiosity that had driven them to Redmon after the murder, and stared at the closed blinds and muffled knocker, and thought of the wretched'mother lying within, whose footsteps were even then crossing the Valley of the Shadow of Death. Two weeks passed, and these charitable wishes were not fulfilled. The mother of Na- ? thalie still lay ill unto death, and still faithfully waited on by Midge and Miss Jo. It was toward tho close of the second week that Val received a note from the coroner of a fishing village, somo ten miles up the coast, informing liim that, tho day previously, the body of a woman answering the description: of Miss Marsh had been washed ashore, that an inquest had been held, and a verdict of ' Found drowned' returned. If the missing girl's friends would come immediately they might be able to identify the corpse. Before noon, after the receipt of this missive Mr. Val Blake was bending over the corpse of the drowned woman, as it lay in its rough deal coffin in the village dead-house. Before sunset he was back in Speckport, and bore the deal coffin and its quiet contents to No 16 Great St. Peter-street. The slender girlish form, tho mourning dress, tho long fair hair, were not to be mistaken, though what had been tho face was too horrible to look upon. Val turned away from what had once beon so beautiful, with a shudder ; and thought of the Dulco of Gandia, made a saint by a similar sight. Beforo morning, the deal coffin was inclosed in another of rosewood, and a grave dug in Speckport cemetery. The funeral wsls an unusually quiet and solemn one, though there was no requiem mass for the soul of the departed offered up in tho cathedral — why should there for a wretched suicide, forover lost ? Mr. Val Blake, with no sentimentality about him, and not over straight-laced either, in somo things, was yet a generous, good hearted fellow in the main, and placed a white marble cross over the dead girl's grave. Some very good people were rather scandal ized by the act. A cross over the grave of a suicide ! — it was ? sacrilege. But Mr. Blake did not caro much what good people or bad people thought or said of liis actions ; and did just as he pleased, in spite of their teeth. So tho white cross remained gleaming palely in the spectral moonlight, and casting its solemn shadow over the grave in tho sunshine. It bore no inscription — what -inscription could be placed over sueli a grave ? — only tho name ' Nathalio.' Her story was told, her life ended, tho world went on, arid slio was forgotten ! 0 sublime lesson of life ! told in threo words : Dead and forgotten ! So, whilo Charley skulked in dark places a hunted criminal, with a price on his lioad, and his mother lay still hovering on that narrow boundary that dividos life and death, morning sunlight and noonday shadows brightened and darkened around that pale cross in tho cemotory, and tho night winds sighed over Nathalie's gravo. (To be continued.') Ifc was Max O'Rell who related many yent-.i ai»o that he oneo bought a pair of patent leather boots for lis Gd. 'He went to a bal! in the evening, and after dancing for about tn hour felt his feet growing delightfully cool. Tho upper part of his boot had stack faithfully to its position ; the lower part was after tho faRhion of a sandal. He called on tho shopkeeper for an explanation. '* What have you beon doing with the boots ?' the latter asked. ' Why, dancing in thom,' wao the renly. ' Oh, well !' the shopkeeper exclaimed, ' thaL'j whero it is.' 