1ËV i Bfe /The Deeming Murders ¡n IE'"':--- England. , , pl? How TUey Were Discovered. B| JL Trae Detective Story. ¡¡¡§1?*" It was bitterly cold in the city on tho «h of March, 1892, and tiny stalactites of slowly-thawing iee hung from the B§p|La heavy moustache of a strongly-built man ||ip|~^ who had just come in from the street ¡¡IfeL outside, and was resting his elbows on gig* tjje mahogany writing-table of one of »P^j|' the largest dealers In dairy produce in glpS London. The dealer and his visitor ¡¡¡¡Lf^ talked In rapid confidential tones upon ¡¡¡gjL. business matters, upon the prices and qualities and grades of butter, npon the |% X.» state of the market, cargoes and methods of packing, the present glut and the lllir^ future prospects of Danish, Normandy, ¡fe&T; and Australian sorts. % Cling-a-ling-a-ling went an electric-bell _j, across the passage, and in a moment or " two a well-drilled office-boy knocked at sT i the door, and, addressing the latest PigSñ- comer, said, " You're wanted at the ic, * _ telephone, sir." V ' The stoutly-built man stepped across to the telephone, and raised the receiver IgS-j^ to bis ear. y- ~ " Hullo, there. Is that you, Lowe ?" £¿f « came a voice out of nowhere, disentan r< *" giin g itself with difficulty from the con T" fused current of interwoven noises that "t J \ crossed each other on the tingling wires. " Yes- Who's speaking ?" "1 "Townend, at the \Argus' office. F~ -C Look here, I want to see you as soon as IIT-^ possible. There's a big murder case on É^1" in Australia, and we've just got a cable * from the office in Melbourne instructing ns to make inquiries at this end. Be as \- sharp as you can." ss J. - MR -Samuel Lowe, member of the Lon gssrtX don staff of the "Argus," dropped the |p?S¿L instrument, hastily apologised to the g^gL«, * merchant, and went down the office ^7 - staircase three steps at a time. Com merce absorbs a large amount of the Sf* * average pressman's time and attention, v but it sinks into insignificance in the T_< presence of-Crime. W~^'- A quarter of an hour later Mr. Lowe "t ~ *nd Mr. Townend were staring intently at the sheet of paper lying on the table i^S--T before them. The cable message from Melbourne read simply, "Tnqolre Scot ¿.íísr land Yard. Williams murder. Send por §f^gg>- traits. Interview mother." Mr. Townend looked at Mr. Lowe in " " terrogatively. Mr. Lowe looked at Mr. ^b-f** "TTownend affirmatively. "All right," he í - * * " isaid, "Til look after it" -r* * The Bow-street officials were polite but unsatisfactory. They had never ' heard of a murder in Australia in which ? a person of the name of Williams was concerned. It was as though one bad life- asked them for details about a man j . named Smith wanted for a forgery com nutted on the shores of Baffin's Bay. A jg¿r. ~ close examination of newspaper files at .£7*- , the Central News Agency failed to dis »V^ close any accounts of the murder men riV-r- tioned in the cable message, and two r hours had passed without the faintest ÎJIÇE; ~¡k gleam of light being shed upon the oc £~ " 7" cnrrence. p _ "Scotland Yard, cabby." shouted the ^r-e "stoutly-built man through the aperture S.^ ^ ta the roof of the hansom, and sat back fe In the seat to think hard, as the experi «need London cabhorse skated over the 5s~- slippery wood blocks of the Strand, &Ê&f;' beading for the mysterious building in ¡|¡r^. _ which the highest detective acumen of jppl^ England daily gathers np the clues of ËIË^; Information that come rolling in from Ipp^.- that quarter of the globe. So busy, In-' WÊp' deed, were the autocrats of the metro È^Égf- BoHtan police and the "detective depart lÜp^ anent that they could not even see Mr. ¡¡¡¡¡g> Lowe when he sent his name in by the gpP ~ ^German .man-servant. If Mr, Lowe de rared any information he-must be kind SÈ^T -enough to forward his request by letter. ^^^^*áThis seemed a little discourteous on the l|Br~' part of Superintendent Shore and Super WP^T Jmtendent Anderson, but the occupant of fliT -the hansom cab had still another string ¡Ls5-* to his bow, and as the cabhorse skated ¡gjy, _ back Into the city Mr. Lowe again de Igfi voted himself to an accomplishment llj^*" which is, unfortunately, growing Tare ji- that of thinking. As a result of his cogi |¡É¿> tarions the cabhorse was -pulled on to ||p> his haunches in front of a red lamp, and v Mr. Lowe lost no time in explaining the lillie. position to an old acquaintance of his lljpr the police official in charge, gyps:, - ".I fancy this Is what you want," said ïï|*S*~. the officer with a smile as he spread jil the " information sheet" for that very pigr day on the desk before him, and pointed \- to entry No. 44, which contained a full \ ^^.^ description of Albert Williams, wanted ' for wife murder, at Melbourne, on i^- Christmas Eve, 1891. The entry set tgsagf' forth that Williams spoke with a Lan-, ¡¡p¡f cashire accent, and stayed formerly at i Rainhill. It was signed by Superintend ing' - emtSho^ ^ < ^ .^mmii : - sheet with the hearty appetitp of nn<> Wß^^ who has been subjected to semi-starva ^^g- -.tion for some time past. He committei ^TTC tte entry to memory verbatim, by read- ; ¡ag lt over carefully two or three times. IlljlljP^ a knack which is always useful to al Journalist M. Blowitz, the Paris cor Tespondent of the " Times." proved its iStâë ^ value when he learned off the terms of 1F~2^ - peace at the close of the Franco-German ¿ggj¡& War In one reading, and telegraphed ggggfegk them in extenso to his paper. Only M. Blowitz was dealing with murder on llppr the grand scale-the murder that is com ÏV, . mltted with. grape and shrapnel and §r- - bayonets at the charge ¡¡j|í^ When Mr. Lowe returned to Scotland Yard after a hurried visit to the "Argus" office in Fleet-street he had a letter ^^^^^ from Mr. Townend to ^Superintendent lp T "vShore requesting information in hi? zr pocket, and he had the information it lll^ seif up his sleeve. Warned by his pvc Wgg^k vious experience, he omitted the forma Bty of sending In his card, and running up a flight of stone sfeps and along a Sgpg* passage, entered Superintendent Shore's private room, and introduced himself fgjp- in. person. The superintendent eyed ¡¡plf him coldly, and read the letter asking Wit _ for particulars as to the murder and for the address of "Mrs. Williams" in Liver pool. " I know nothing at all about it," said ^2 the superintendent In the measured 2;- tones of a man who has learnt by long ggp experience to be economical in admlnis tering his stock of veracity ; " and, gpf moreover," he added with engaging ¡pi- frankness, " if I did know, I should not pi-/' tell you." J* *r Mr. Lowe leaned across the table with "5^, a queer smile and looked straight Into X- *he superintendent's eyes. "As you jlg^ know nothing about the matter," he said* " perhaps you will allow me to 5^ enlighten you. Albert Williams mur ^ dered his wife in Melbourne on Christ |Kg " mas Eve. He formerly stayed at Rain WÊf MIL He speaks with a strong Lanca ¿r* shire accent, and there is a detailed %. description of him published in the C ~ forty-fourth entry in to-day's informa t*on sheet It is'doubtless correct, for the memo, bears your own signature, ' Superintendent Shore." The superintendent sprang to his feet. "The man who told you this shall be dismissed from the force," he hissed, with au oath. " Don't you think you had better find him first ?" replied the other with just the suspicion of a sneer, " and you may discover, when j ou have got him, that he is not under your authority. The city police and the metropolitan con stabulary are very different bodies, as you know." Pew men would attempt to bluff a Scotland Yard superintendent in his own milieu, but Mr. Lowe tried it on for the sake of the friendly police officer who had shown him the informa tion sheet. The bluff came off, and the king of clubs was safe, but the superin tendent never knew that it was the only j card in his opponent's hand. " I am going to Liverpool to-night," Mr. Lowe remarked as lie buttoned his overcoat, " to follow this thing up." " We shall Le delighted to hear of your discoveries," said the superinten dent sarcastically. " By the way, when you get to Liverpool you might call on Inspector Williams-he is in charge there-and tell him that his brother has committed a murder in Australia. He will be so pleased to see you." " Thanks for the hint," rejoined the pressman. " I shall certainly call on Inspector Williams. I shall tell him that I do so at your request, and that Ï am instructed by the Scotland Yard authorities to furnish them with anys information that I may gather! Your' recommendation will, no doubt, be of great service io me." And he bowed himself out, leaving Superintendent Shore fully titree inches smaller in sta ture than he had been before the com mencement of the interview. " Where the deuce is Bainhill ?" asked Mr. Lowe anxiously in the office after wards. " Barnhill," replied Mr. Townend ora cularly, emerging from a dusty file of the " Liverpool Post," " appears to be a lunatic asylum about ten miles out of Liverpool, but you had better hurry up, or you will miss the express." " It seems to be rather a wild-goose chase, doesn't >t ?" said Mr. Lowe. Mr. Townend looked at him straight " It's the biggest wild-goose chase a man was ever sent On," he said, "but we have our instructions, and we must carry them out" Then be turned out his pockets, and produced a couple of sove reigns, and 4s. 3d. in silver, which he .-anded to Mr. Lowe, remarking that the banks were closed, and that he would want some money. The petty cash-box yielded another £10, and with this provision against immediate neces sities the amateur detective entered the next stage of the inquiry-and a cosy first- class on the 10.5 p.m. express to Liverpool. Half-past 9 next morning found him at the headquarters of the Liverpool detec tive department in Dale-street, and the officer in charge, though at first sus picious and. reticent, graduaUy thawed under the influence of the strong per sonal recommendations from Superin tendent Shore, which Mr. Lowe pre sented glibly by word of mouth, adding, with a deft adaptation of the superin tendent's sarcasm, that he was com missioned by the Scotland Yard authori ties to furnish them with all possible Information about the murder. Thus it" was that he enlisted the assistance of the officer, who, by merely pressing an electric button, summoned to the joint consultation a constable who was well acquainted with Rainhill, and in the space of a few minutes Mr. Lowe learned that Rainhill was a township with a population of about 2000, that it contained a lunatic asylum, two churches, and a railway station on the Liverpool and Manchester line. But the constable knew no one there of the name of Williams. Mr. Lowe ruminated for a few mo ments, chewing the end of bis big mous tache. " Can you put me on to the local gossip ?" he said, " the man or woman who takes an intelligent interest in other people's business, and knows all about the births, deaths, and particu larly marriages that have taken place ¡ in Rainhlll for the last twenty years or s so ?" i " There's John Higham," said the con- j stable reflectively. " He's the local j letter-carrier, and he knows every one in | the place. Perhaps he might help you." ! Of course ; just the very man, and Mr. Lowe felt that he was close tb the haunts of the wild goose after all. It had been snowing and blowing hard all night with thunder and lightning, and hnrrying squalls of hail and sleet But when Mr. Lowe reached Rainhill the storm was over, though the soft white, newly-fallen snow covered the whole township like a shroud. He des patched a lad from the railway station in search of John Higham, who presently appeared, wheezing, and opened his old eyes in astonishment at the tale which the stranger had to tell of a squatter king who had died in Australia, leaving of kin. a person of the name of Williams, formerly of Rainhill. OM Higham knew two ladies of the name of Williams, who were both interviewed at once, and left to their own flustered anticipations as soon as Mr. Lowe had satisfied himself that they could have no possible connec tion with the murder. Here the scent was lost temporarily, and he -had to cast about patiently to recover it. As he walked down the street with old Hig ham. there appearer! upon the scen^ young Higham. a stripling of IS. who assisted his father wirb the delivery of i the mails. To him the old man unfolded the story of the fortune which had been left in Australia, and of the efforts which were being made to recover the. long lost heir, a lucky individual named Al bert Williams. The boy's features worked In a des perate effort to grasp the thread of some associations, and then his eyes took on a new light glowing with the joy of a great discovery. " Feyther." he said, speaking in the long, liouid. Lancashire drawl, " doan* 'e molnd thot theer Williams as coomM to Rarahilllast 'arvest-toîme. Mayhap 'e wur tha feller. 'Im 's married Tammie Mather an' took 'er off to Chaney ?" " Ay. ay. sewerly." the old man re sponded. " I moind Mm well, ma lad. 'E rented Dinham Villa from Mrs. Hayes, an' "Ben Young cemented the kitchîne floor fur Mm. Dear. dear, so 'es coom'd Into a forrin. I hallus tho wt theer wur suthm' quare wi' him afoor 'e went away. Ay, thofs Mm, sewerly." Mr. Lowe gave an involuntary ex clamation of surprised delight. When hounds are hunting live game and they nick up the scent again after a check they always give tongue. "When did you say he married her, my lad ?*' he said. " Last arvest-toime.** replied the lad. " oop at tha choorch yonder. They wur married by passon Msself, an' yo can see tha stiffkit if yo Iolke. But 'ere cooms Toe Pickering, 'e marrie i Emmie 'Mather's sister, an' 'e can tell you moor o' Willums than me." Joe Pickering, a stalwart young car ' penter, remembered Williams perfectly, and recollected doing the woodwork in the scullery at Dinham Villa when the cementing of the noora was being car ried out by Ben Toung. Moreover, lu* had lately seen a letter written to Mrs. ! Mather by Williams from Melbourne, in Australia, in which Williams said ' that " dear Emily was quite happy, and ( in the best of health." The letter was j dated sometime in January. j There could no longer be any. doubt in Mr. Lowe's mind that he was on the right scent, and .he almost whistled as he remembered that the unfortunate 1 "dear Emily" was murdered by the . polite letter-writer on Christmas Eve. ] Higham, sen., in his capacity of parish ' clerk, soon found the marriage register in the vestry of the old church, and turned up an entry relating to the mar- ' riage of Albert Oliver Williams, bache lor, and Emily Mather, spinster, A copy of the entry would cost 3s. 7d.. he remarked meaningly. Mr. Lowe handed over the fee, as well as a eoupU: of half-crowns for the old. man's pd va tc purse. 1 " Yo woant want the munny back if it's not tha roight Wiiiums, will "'-a ?' said the careful clerk; and. when re- '. assured on the point went off to call the " passon." Mrs. Mather and her daughter, Mrs. Pickering, Were both at home when Mr. Lowe called, and was shown into the neat little parlour, with its horse- ' hair sofa and armchair, its cheap Ger man prints on the walls, and its .square table in the middle of the "room,*- with a brass-bound family Bible ly mg (mathe matically in the centre. i The visitor introduced himself by handing -the old lady his card. "I re present the Melbourne ' Argus,' " he be gan, "and also (after a short pause) j Scotland Yard. ¿ want to ask you about a Mr. Williams who married your daughter last September." j It was wonderful how readily Mrs. Mather talked. She had had the letting of Dinham Villa, which belonged to Mrs. ' Hayes, and applicants to view the pro perty had to come to her for the key. Mr. Williams wished to take the house, and when he came for the key he met Emily. He feil very much In love with Emily, and almost at once proposed marriage. The marriage, came off in a very short time, and was celebrated by a dance in Dinham Villa, in the kit chen, which had been newly cemented. Certainly some of the neighbours had blamed her for allowing her daughter to marry a man whom no one knew anything about, but he was a free handed, well-spoken man, and he 'had promised her a good home. They were very happy together, and Emily had written several letters home since they had left. Her last letter was dated -from Colombo, but her husband had written from Melbourne. "Now, Mrs. Mather," said Mr. Lowe, " I want to ask you about your daugh ter." * The old lady looked up at him sharply. " I want to know first,'' she said, " what you are driving at, and I will not say another word until you tell me." Mrs. Mather," said Mr* Lowe, " I have something very painful to say tb you. I am going to tell you now about two people, a man and a woman. The man, I am positive, is Albert Oliver Williams. The woman may be your daughter, or it may be the, woman who, I have as certained, came to Rainhill to visit Wil liams as his sister, but who, I have rea son to believe, was his wife. Williams murdered his wife'In Melbourne on last Christmas Eve." Almost before he had finished speak ing Mrs. Mather mid fainted, and it was not without some difficulty that Mr. Lowe and Mrs. Pickering together managed to revive her. Then he told her all that he knew, weaving the tan gled scraps of information together Into as consistent a whole as possible. But there were still some terrible gaps to be filled up. " Mind you, I do not believe that it is your daughter who has been murdered," said Mr. Lowe, arguing against his own convictions. " I think it is very pro bable that his real wife, who visited him here at Dinham Villa, followed bim to Melbourne, and that when she made her self known to him there, and reproached him for his desertion, he took her life." It was a plausible hypothesis, and it was of priceless value just then, for it enabled Mrs. Mather to hope. With her hopes her .strength revived, and unlock ing an old-fashioned secretaire she took but all thfe -letters written by Emily Mather since her marriage, and also portraits of both the bride and bride groom. After a little persuasion she handed the letters and portraits to Mr. Lowe, who desired to take them to Lon-' don and get : them copied, receiving In return an assurance that they would be safely guarded and given back .unin jured. "Now, you must tell no one what I have told you," said Lowe as he took his leave. " It is absolutely necessary that you_preserve the stxxclvst~safri>&B;&.-- Ard ine old lady, terrified and full of vague misgivings, pledged herself to silence. When Mr. Lowe took his seat in the up express for London he had good reasoa to congratulate himself upon his day's work. He had succeeded beyond his most sanguine anticipations, and he had made his position secure by closing the door completely 'against subsequent in quirers for information. Not only had he extracted a promise of silence from the one living individual capable' %»f giving positive information. about the murderer, but he had swept off all the letters and all the' portraits .as well that is to say, all the documentary evi dence and ail means of identification. After rifling the treasure chamber he had locked the door, and left.with the key in his pocket Next morning, the " Argus," away on' the other side of the globe, published an interview, three-quarters of a column long, with the motlier of the hapless "Lancashire girl whose remains had been dug up a few days before from the ce mented grave In the house at Windsor. It was the first of a series of perhaps the most remarkable coups ever known tn the history of Australian journalism. Backwards and forwards between Lon don and Liverpool went the restless Mr. Lowe, collecting and piecing together all the ravelled ends of hearsay, all the; tangled strands of inference, all the stray fibres of circumstantial and direct evidence, until he had made a rope that was strong enough to hang a man. And yet he was Only at the commencement of bis task. It was strange how that other woman, the sister, or, more probably, the wife of Williams, who had visited him at Rainhill with her four-<mildren, kept on intruding into Mr. Lowe's busy brain. She quite upset his calculations. It was odd that, in spite of all his efforts, he could find no 'trace of her whereabouts. She and her four children were like so many unquiet ghosts that refused to be laid until they were avenged. As this last thought struck him, Mr. Lowe lifted his hand to his forehead I and found it wet He was sweating I from sheer excitement. A vague idea came lo him, stayed with him, and finally possessed him. He hurried from London to Rainhill once more, and hunted out Ben Young, the man who had cemented the floors of the kitchen and scullery in Dinham Villa under instructions from Williams. " Where did you get the cement from, j Ben ?" was the first eager question. j " It wur in the cooch 'ouse," said Ben. i ¿;-To the coachhouse accordingly they j went, ami suo «nough they foônd there ! jfcree empty flikrrels^which had evident- j ly contained cement \- " Did you ase all thc cement out of the three barrels ?" asked Mr. Lowe. " Naw," said/Ben Young. " How much did yon use, then ? For heaven's sake, hurry up, my good man. It's a matter of life and death." j Ben Young collected his thoughts deliberately. " A laaid doon tha stoof oot o' two o' they barls," he replied, with irritating slowness. " A knaw nowt, aboot this 'ere other wonn. It wur emp ty arbor a got tha Job." " Empty before you got the job ?" echoed. Mr. Lowe with a ring of a strengthening conviction in his voice. " Then what i>ecame.-of the cement from that barrel ?" - if The village plasterer wagged his head slowly from side to side, but never a word spake he. Mr. Lowe might as well have asked bim'w^wrt had become of the snows of yester-year, i 'Then a great light flashed in upon the amateur detective^-brain, illuminating all that was black a moment before, and sW^^tU^ é^3flè3iib^B^t outlines ob jects which un to that moment'had been wrapped in darkness. When the line of- battle-ship shows her mighty search light every detail of the torpedo boat stands revealed, painted in black upon a disc of blinding white. I " Where the missing barrel of cement is there I shall, find the missing woman : also," said Mr. Lowe; ' half to himself, land darted off to «submit his ideas to Sergeant Chipchase^ ïhe' local constable, with whom he at once concluded an! offensive and defensive alliance against the outside world. Sergeant Chipchase laid the facts before the district super intendent, an official named Kelly, and the digging then began in Dinham Villa, under Mr.. Lowe's direction, a digging : the result of which most gruesomely ; verified the calculations which that far- j j sighted individual had worked out,' I And so it was that Shis Childe Ronald to his Dark Tower jeanie. Four sweating constables armed with pickaxes carried omX^is strange exhur. mation. Under the stbhe' floor" of' the : kitchen they scflnij** upan? the (Cement? from the third barrel^ynd in the cement they came upon the"'bodies.of a woman and four children. - ThW "woman" and j three of the -children - had their throats cut from ear to ear, ami the fourth child i had been strangled ' '""With a piece of j clothes line, which was stfll round its neck. Mr. Lowe had an unusually interest ing cable message to send to the "Argus" in Melbourne that afternoon, and in just a week from the day on which he received his first instructions he sent r. complete report of the murders which he had been mainly Instrumental in dis covering, and .with which all England was ringing some hours after. When the story of-the Rainhill mur ders was published In the "Argus," alone of all the Melbourne papers next ; morning, Albert Oliver Williams, alias Frederick Balley Deeming, was already on his way from Southern Cross in custody* If -the Windsor charge broke down, the Ralnhill case would hang hun safely enough. -? 4_ ^ " Ah ! Mr. Lowe, glad to see you," said Superintendent Shore next nay, stretching out his hand cordially to his \- visitor. " Let me congratulate you upon the smartest piece of detective work that has been doné in England for many years." 