Through medium of it- benevolent sport ing gent Bill Mayne and I recently gain ed admission to a back-country race course, while the lodil Turf Club'held, its meeting. Both poor Bill andl have been sports. But that was In the good old days that died ; so long ago in fact that, both of us felt rather strangely out of place. Our old sporting spirit soon re turned, though, when the colors began to flash in the hdartlcss Western sun, and the horses commenced their] preliminaries fast the grand stand. We have done so muck walking lately that we took quite naturally, to a grand stand. Anyhow bur long dead .sporting spirits returned, and inducfd- us "to feel our pockets for the tin wc intended to speculate -on a moke. Bill's erandmother hailed from the- Emerald Isle, eo he reckoned , it" was safest to pin oi.r fhith and coin on n greeli-eolored horse—I mean green-color ed Jockey. I have had one-or two severe encounters with uniformed sons from the land of Erin, and didn't think green good enough by far, and proposed to back any thing yellow. But Bill couldn't be dis eraded of the gieen whilei 5TcIlow would n't Iriive my fancy. After several drinks and severe arguments we eaclf patrouked our respective colors on the tote. When tht horses stared "the colors got so mix ed that we couldn't watch our gee-gees during the race. Bluewon ; so it didn't matter nnyii. Wc.'ft^p^oui'. tin. This won't do,' said BjH, ait®' rushed away in wnrcl\ of 'dead-bird tips* 4nd other unre liable informations. He'rtturned short ly before Hie next^ace. He was all out .of breath. <We'll*ackthe. A.W.U.,1 he \\\hifpcicd^V^ad certain to win. A.W.U. men are straight goers < \- Our money went on the A^AWU. -DWnefl horse-according ly. I don't remember his name or age cr size cv pedigrefc or color. Bill knew lii-s numbrr. It doesn't matter, anyhow. The A.W.U. horse slipped us up also. He (it might have been A she) ran a good last. We were nearly broke then, and not a bite in our tucker-bags. We had' to make a recovery, and fm proud to state that my idea brought about the desired event. 'Find out,' I said to Bill, who Was thinking of the track and our empty bags, and b:gan 4o look down hearted, 'wlieth ?r there's itfiy 'P.U.' horse ill the next ra<e.' Bill is quick: at locat ing himself anywhere, especially in public houses and raeecourSfes. There was a P.O. horse alright. Bill reckoned It was against principles and other misty things . to back the P.U., but the chance of a possible rccovcry and full }jags for the 'back tempted him. We. had 21/(5 left, and put a half a quid on the P.U. bore?. Whtn the race v as run we inquired at tlie tote shop whether the P.U. bore? liad l^on. 'No,' said the tote man smilingly, ... *>ou've lost your tin.' This upset poo* " /Bill. He rushed madly over to the booth v and in a husky tone of voice demanded -tixfimy worUj of 11m? mopt intw^saiTng litjuor-oii ilie^jvjanlsesj V: ir.quhcd the' liarjnan. Dill mumbled Khiething about 'sat a trap' fcnd gulped dc\ih his flciy liquor, 'Satrap f' said a by- tStander wlio'd bceq. wateliing and ad miriug William's eheekless style of drill ly ing; 'not a" bad sort of a horse that. Worth backing.' True enough there w&* BUch a badly-named horse alright in the Jast race, and trusting the pessimistic sounding name, ^ '6 staked our last 10 bob mi him and won! 'I knew he'd win,' eaid Bill as soon as X sighted him. 'I ecu tell a race'-horse when I see him.' Poor eld Bill! He wouldn't know a racer f>( in a sewing-machine! As I remarked before, it's many years ago since I visitixl a racecourse. The la*t time I had the same pleasure was at the famous town of Burraway, over in Sunny N.S. Wales. ^ At that town a horse and man and dray is employed two days before the meeting to cart brick bats, blue metal and broken bottles to tha racecourse. Unless a horse .wins by■ h quarter of a mile in a six furlong-race its a dead hrat. li objections are raised the battle begins. - Talk about a Klondike;, hailstorm 1 No comparison ! In a jiffy' the course is divided into two parties, and thfl air is thick with the called missiles. Evuy bullet, as a sub, has its billet there. When the supply of bricks, etc., runs out the wounded arc carted away, and the meeting proceeds, not until all the blue etones and bottles are gathered and heap* cd again.- Being loaded with such' race itcol lections the meeting Bill and I at tended recently seemed rather tame. There wasn't a single dispute about ajiy ir.ee, though I'm sure some of 'em weren't -well by more thau a length or two. As •;eon an we landed on the .course 1 looked round for the shots and shells and road aj.plr«, but not a sign of them. Even Bill was surprised, and said, "Why it's half-past twelve and not a stone on the ground yet.' Another tiling struck us as Uiuon:mon, viz., the amount of ladies cn the court®. On account; of Burnaway people's method of settling disputes la 'Jies never visit the course there. When the ladies began to walk up and down, up and down in the same dusty, horse-trodden piece of ground our mutual FUiprlee reached a superlative state. De terniinrd to find out we asked a kind looking gentleman the meaning of thio lady-parade. lie stared at us and ex tlaiined : 'Isn't it marvellous J' 'Conic An!*-1 said, 'no funny biz. ; tell us.' Isn't it stupendous!' he replied and m'iled as vacant as ever. Eventually vLen Bill got the needle the same kind* lorkuig gentleman staggered us with: T*n't it superabundant I' That settled It! We inquired elsewhere, and were tolu that the yp 4md down, dustv parade jra* known as-The Lawn 1* and'that the "•dies padded up and down It so as to givetfte jjew^pBper'fBporterg a chpnce to note the colore and materials of their clim^es and give them (the dresses,) a cheap advertisement in the local 'Flabber ga&tci-.;' Weil, well, one is never too old to uiend. I mean to say, tp learn ! A STATION IDYLL. ) young Jack and Nell are friends again. Though lovers they were never, . yjor Nellie's own beloved swain, %.■ Lives further down the river. m ■ Once more Jack cuts up plenty wood, < And stacks it for the morning ; While the with nice and. well-cooked food His tabic keeps adorning. As soon as out of bed he'll creep He lights the kitchen fire, 80 Kshe can calm and soundly sleep Until the sun gets higher. WLen be goes out to milk the cow She gets the bucket ready, And says : 'Dear Jack, be careful now, And take old Foley steady. And Jack replies In accents mild : 'For your Sake, Nell, I'll do it; t w ouldn't like to make you wild Because I know I'd rue it. "He shines her dainty shoes once more, And looks at them so winnin*, While on the form behind the store She patchcs up his linen. On washing day he doesn't mind To cariy her the waiter, > Or hang the clothes out on the line With pegs the missus bought her. And when he canters on his hack To town across the river, He fpndly hopes to get a pack Of letters he tan give her. Young Jack and Nell are friends again, Though lovers they were never, For Nellie's own beloved swain Lives further down the river. What simple folks those city people must be ! I cauwtevcr help smiling when reading advertisements In daily papers for lest black and tan dog?, and game- liens, and pen cockatoos. I remember some 5 ears ago a dog of mine! followed, a mob of 7,000 travelling sheep out of a Darling river town. I was very femd of that dog, and besides he knew all my secrets, lle'd brcn my only companion for a con siderable time. To get the animal and my secrets back I walked after the sheep the next morning. At a crossroad in the Outskirts of the town I inquired which road the f-liwp had taken. 'Sheep ?' ask ed a half-dressed F.leepy young woman in cocks.*! don't remember any sheep pass ing byline yesterday.' 'O yes, mother,' interrupted n barefooted tittle girl. 'I saw sheep yesterday.' 'Aye,' slowly drawled 'mother,' 'as I come to think of it, I believe the sheep did pass here, but I didn't, notice which road they took.' The road crossed right in front of her house, and 7,000 sheep kick up enough dust to smother Sydnay, Melbourne, and liri&bane; ! Now, what kind of an ans-1 wcr would a city-man receive were be to ask that woman whether she noticed a black .and retriever dog pass by the day before ycfcterday, I give it up. Many people are prejudiced against brass-bands. They simply don't know w here they are ! Besides gladdening the hnnian hearts of tile bush with melodious strains of music, brass-bands have many other utilities and distinctly laudable re commendations. Some time ago an Anti fed tponler came to a, Western Jmsh towu with the nasty mission to turn the peace ful inhabitants against Federation. But hie effor's were frustrated. That town happened to have a RiUite League and a town brass bind. Something had to be dene to save the Bill, and the brass-band nfori..said was just the tiling to do it. The musicians, including the drummer, were promptly engaged at, I presume, a large salary, and proceeded to pour forth Molly Eeilly and other classical pieces of music ft quarter of an hour before the bad Anti f:d man was announced to commence q»outing. Bush brass musicians don't make cheap of their musical talents, and only give the town the benefit of their instruments about three times a year, on - fin average. In consequence it Wasn't to ''J wondered at- Uifit the whole town turn ed flutes hear the band, and over the sweet strains of TJaisy, Bell' foigot all about the Anti-fed. man, who had tofara *n empty house. Of course it's only fair to imagine that the BilBte I>ague*fenK mentioned paid the same to hwFli* tonpw! ejwuld « Bjllite I were'-a politician I'd. iiaye afii®^ bistss blind travelling vouud with ^ me. . I've been there and i;no4 what it means ^ to talk a gains! a brass band. Opcc during sir battling earner J took a billet as liner uj)" at a hide show, Lining-up is show parlance, and means standing outside a tent or marquee and in as loud a voice as you can musicr, tflj the people about the tilings tliry won't see if they secure theit" tickets of 3, 2 and 1 and step right on the Jnsidc. An opposition show liad pitfchea right opposite the 'joint' I was lining-up for, and what was woise it had, what Ave lacked, a biass-band. livery time I be gan to telpl my string of lies about imag inary artists and performers, all of whom, by the 'way, vtere.the best in the Southern ■ hemisphere, that band began to play *Yatt-. kc>. Doodle Do.' My lungs only stood the job oue night, I'm broken-winded ever slice, and nl Aays duly respect the powers of a brass- band*. Tilings sue only middling in the bger. and public-house line out Wc6t. In"fact thev're getting so severely middling that this poor svagman has been driven .to iheperation, and seriously contemplates fciguing the pledge in. the near future. I know my readers wiil sneer, but I'm equally sure that after explaining my eK (ifan.ition they will discharge nic without a slain upon my beery character.. We went Into a pub in a bush township quite lecfiit'y, and politely asked for two drinks to drown our sorrows and gladden our M'ddcnfd" hearts. The elderly lady be hind the bar hardly favored our honest chivvies Willi a glance, but with feverish haste grunted : ''Ave ye got the bob ?' It nearly paralysed us, and it took us all cur time to stagger to the pub across the road. There we had no .sooner made known our desire for a drop of the biting liquor when our breath was taken away entirely by a stoutisli red-faced lady stern ly demanding: 'Have you got the 'banes' V We dropped that pub like a hot potato, and yearning for a pint of comfort to steady our shattered nerves entered pub No. 3. A thin, hard-faced lady of uncertain age was behind the bar there. . She had vi'itt.u. 'Let 'em all. come!' on her forehead, and had evidently been very much annoyed shortly before our entrance. For no sooner 'had she served us than she began to fire away at Us, , 'Yes,' fche shrieked, 'you call your self men 1 Monkeys.! that's what you are, the. whole lot of yez 1 Wait till us women get a vole, we'll show yez how to work and govern the country ! We'll fire the w hole lot of you so-called men out into the street and make you earn honest liv ing t Loafers, that's what yez are 1 But never mind. Female Franchise is coming J' And then she brgan to slang-wang us with ftniale franchise theories at the rate of 479 words a minute. Tongue ! Lord, she just had a tongue I We swallowed cur drinks in the quickest! possible time, find fled from that hornet-nest. I can bear a goodish.bit of- most anything, but I severely, draw the line at enraged fe males and female franchise. The saddest thine; about female franchise is the kind of men and women who advocate it. May Fate preserve us from lady politicians. Ihe mannish lady of the bar, by the way, was. strange to say, called 'Andy.' isn't there an M.P, in the Queensland Assem bly burdened with the same or similar name ? To avoid mistake of idcutHy, 1'owever. I've taken a mental sketch of aforementioned feniale-franchisist as sho appeared to me when attacking us. t don't think it's altogether a photon We were too scared to receive a truthful im pression of her hard phiz. Women! female Franchise!' eaid a ta<Mooking swagmau, who came to our cump that night, *$ty dwfeUow#, you're laic in the season. I've lost all faith and belief in women-kind many years ago !' Then he looked a little sadder as before, and reflectively stared into the lire. 1 felt lor him, and. gently inquired : 'How's that mate? Why-are you so bitter against the gentle sex t (the word gentle cost me some exertion, considering our female-franchise experience). 'Have you btcn disappointed in kve V* lie contin ued looking sad and staring reflectively into the Are a little longer, and then in a melancholy tone of voice said : 'Disap pointed in love V Yes, my friend, I have been sorely disappointed. My heart lias btcn broken long, long ago by a false de ceitful woman creature lo whom 1 had de voted my whole heart and, soul.' Here he ehed two large-sized tears—the first tears I've ever seen shrd by.a swagman in my lengthy battling career. After hav ing wiped his eyes dry again he contin ued : 'Only for thit lise woman I should not bo carrying the curse of tlio country on my hack.' Then he got furious, and kicking his billy-can flat hi one trial yell ed : 'Who was she ? And how did she &ceire; me ? You sliall kuow. She was a little dressmaker living at the back of the Shamrock Hotel in a far-oft' Victorian eea-eoast tov\u. She wasn't pretty ; her cyee weren't diamonds, nor was her hair folden. To.be frank, she was very plain. >ut I thought she was true and I loved hir ! One night 1 caiue round the back of Ate Shamrock unexpectedly and found llie queen of my lieart drinking long-bcera V illi a crowd of sundry budimen !' Then lie broke down completely and started to weep loud and bitterly. When bis sup ply of tears and sobs ran out he whiningly e&ked; us for a bit of tea, and sugar, and flour, and soap, and tobacco, and a few n<fttc4ies. To get lid of him we supplied bini, and when leaving ho advised us ear fcfcftly never to trust dressmakers, no mat ter how plain. 'If they're too plain to mash they'll drink long beers with «un t'ry bushinen at the back of the pub.' What strange people one meets on the Wallaby! . 'Wlir.f denomination are you ?' asked the bu>;h J. P. of the drunk and disorderly culprit In the dock. Tin a shearer's cook, your Warshup 1' The reports of the sittings of the Police Commission Inquiry Board arc not very cheering reading, and in the light of the cvidcnce given it is not remarkable that so few of the murderers have recently been brought to justice in Queensland. The chief duty of the principal officers of the Police Force appears to liave been to watch their own personal interests, and allow those of the country to go hang. The telegram announcing the Gatton mur der lay for 24 hours unopened in the Eolice Office in Brisbane, and it was over a fortnight after the murder of the boy > Hill before the Police Department would consent to make any sustained inquiry into the cause of his disappearance. For these disgraceful facts the officers of the Department, and not the men, were res ponsible: how could a poor Sub-Inspec tor or Sergeant be expected to give his whole soul to criminal catching when the awful thought of a rival earwigging the Commissioner for a rise, or button-hol ing a member of Parliament for his in fluanee, would haunt him like a ghost. One question which occurs to a student of the evidence before the Commission is, how many olBccrs are there who have been improperly promoted. Almost with out exception the witnesses so far have been victims to unrecognised merit aud disregarded .seniority. How is it no police officers have been examined who would admit their promotion has been irregu larly rapid. Inspector Meldriun, it is sat isfactory to note, refused to join the wo ful nailers; he had no; axe to grind, and declined to assist in washing the decidedly dirty departmental drapery. A pleasing variation was afforded by'a corpulent old pensioner, Inspector Isley, whose grie vance was that lie had to live in Queens land fo draw his pension. Hofr sad it is that (his gentleman, who is panting after the pleasures of Pott's Point and Toorak could not he ordered to Burketown during tin. summer months to receive his pen sfon^in that sultry locality; indeed, most of the T)ig guns of the Department would bs mu<& improved morally and physically ^vere they expatriated from Brisbane un til ihe^ professcd a fervent determination to eonrfder their work as Something to tks done, and not to be fought over. The hearty contempt of thp community, how* tfW, ttiay awako them to a sense of (heir Conduct J~this wrangling over place and Salary. precedence and rank, and litter in cope with the criminal classes !a & leproach to the Commissioner, a dis credit to the officers, and a dis gttas to Queensland. Until a scatter Is fttaQfe in the Brisbme office, & tetter state 