Af the Curiosity Club. (By d. p. j.) " Meeting's open, gentlemen,"- said the President. "Let us-havo something light for to-night. Th'e report of out last meeting was so '- keiivy that the Editor on walking down the street after reading it sank ankle deep in tho hard gravelled footpaths." That is indoi d woiidorful, said No 4, -considering the number of clever people who struggle during the whole of their natural lives to leave their ' footprints on the sqnds of time.' Now we hear that the Editor of tho Express, alter reading un account of the pi-ocoedingsi az the Curiosity .Club, actually loft his"' footprints,' ankle-deep, on the hardest toe-path iu Manillu. Evidently we will have; to work some airy material into our deliberations, or some valuable, or incautious, citizeu who reads d report thereof, may. bo uuk by the leaden weight through mother earth into eternity, "and leave: nothiug but a hole to mark his flight." Next. N.i. 11. oxplaino.l that tho same Editor had .indirectly been the cause <>f bringing trouble on one ofthe members of the Glub. The said trouble cuiue about in this wise : — Some time ago there appeared in tho Express a f para graph briefly alluding to the "rbmeliness of 'our girls, and expressing the opinion that many of them, like Barkis, .were willing to liear tho question .'.poppo.l.' also, hinting that the local bachelors should bestir themselves and 'emulate the matrimonial deedsE of their doughty fathers. " This inspired our amorous young friend. No. 5, to emulate tho matrimonial exploits of his' respected sire. He. accordingly, made love -somewhat .furi ously to ft fair damsel, .who seemingly encouraged his auvauces. ' After indulging for several weeks in n vigorous courtship the love-'smii ten youth proposed. To. his great surprise his ' soul's' adored ' received the tender declaration coldly, and with keen sarcasm adviser him to try the strength of his affectionio'n some of thoso girls who were . supposed to appreciuto such sentiments. But, No. 5 was not to to bluffed. He ontreatod, and persuaded, used all the endearing epithets he could command, vowed ho would make earth a paradise for her if she would but be his wife; iu fact, he used id I lji9 wiles by which . men usuaUyMducA- Aunopent, confiding, cbmpassioned women' to share grief with them. How it leaked out, T don't know, but it is said- that, his appeal was almost as eloquent -as the brilliant Moxicau scribe's ' Memorials to the School of Arts Committee,' hut without the veiled . undercurrent' of the satire which the latter possesses. But his soul's outpourings wore brought to abrupt termination by the- sudden" appearance of tho girl's father." Another instance." said No. 9, "of tho thorny path which true love has to traverse." V Prom love to lies." said No. 10, "is an easy transition, " for hq. who wishes to bo successful at the 'first' heeds to be an adept at the latter; in fact, the man who can't lie is so heavily, handicapped us to ba totally unfit for the great race of life." " ' Divil' take von for a misanthrope," said No. S; "Why wili-!ybu introduce your ugly .doctrine among the iunocents of The Curiosity Clulj.? ; . " I notice, "-sniil No. 9, "that some real good ' tail tales' have lately be8n coming from Now Mexico. Manilla will have to look to its'.laurels in'Hiis direction, or our Mexican brethren -.will ..have, to-be declared Smii ir Wranglers" uTffitS" iaiius aufulious' department." . ; .. _ " A considerable altitude," said No. 10, " was reached iu the storjvof the streak of chain lightning chasing the drover's horse a distance _of five miles. Further investigation, however,' -has proved that it was not lightning that chased tlio puck horse. It was tho ghost of Joe Hardy's ' fossil ' carrying a flaming torch that pursued the affrighted animal-" " Gentlemon," said the President,. " I bog to remind you of our Club's motto — .'Truth, nothing but the "truth. ' " " " On principle," said No. 10, " I never depart from it." Meeting adjourned abruptly. . ;A double suicide has occured at. New castle. A man named Thomas William Miller, an ongineor of Sydney and resi dent of Duhvich Hill, and a female had been staying at the Great Northern Hotel, for several days, and were found dead in their rocm on Monday afternoon. They were apparently poisoned by cyanide of potassium. The name of the woman is at present unknowu, and 110 reason i3 as signed for the crime. I'-, is. understood that Miller intended leaving for, Brisbane on Monday night. Tho deceased woman is believed to have been a Miss AllardycvS, formerly barmaid at several hotels' in Newcastle. 