ROSEWORTHY AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE. The usefulness o£ the Rosewortliy Agri cultural College is steadily extending. There are mm 4S students in tlrn institu tion—more than ever before—and it is .full to overflowing. Only 42 can be lodged in the main building, and provision has had to 'be made for the other six in cot tages. Although the bounds c£ the college farm have been extended lately by the ad dition of a block acquired recently by the Government, it as still mncih too small to provide scope for the work Professor Lowrie wishes to do. Even when all the additional land is available—and this will not be for some time—the area of the farm wiil be only about 1,400 acres. About 150 acres of this is occupied by vineyard, gar den, college, arid farm buildings, and as 500 acres are cropped each year onlya very small area is left for pasture. Besides, the land has to be cropped every two years, a practice very distasteful, to the professor, because though he can keep his laud in good heart it is impossible when the rains come late to get it clear of weeds. In order to ensure a thorough weeding it is -necessary to put in wheat only one year in three. The students at the college are a fine lot of young fellows. The average age is higher than usual, and most of them are doing splendid work, both in theory and practice. The only trouble the profes sor has with them is that there is not enough field work to keep them going. He says that he could work nearly all the land between 'the college and Gawler with the hoys he has got. All he would need 'Would be extra bands at harvest time. At the meeting of the University Shake speare Society on Thursday, the Rev. A. C. Sutherland, M.A., delivered a lecture on "Scotch Folklore and Shakespeare." Mr. Wybert Reeve (vice-president) pre sided over a good attendance. The lec turer opened with a graphic descriotion of that "God-forsaken land," John o' Groats. His references to Scotch folklore were limited to the heaths and shaggy woods of the north, and he showed how the fading race was gradual^ divesting itself of its old tongue, its old customs, its old superstitions, legends, mythical stories, rhymes, and mystic rites. The race, how • ever, was not fading in intellectual vigor or enterprise. The fancies of folklore had been forbidden, but the whirligig of time_ brought its revenge, and to-day roe despised story was summoned from the sooty hut to the closet of the philosopher, and some went so far as to say that it was the groundwork of our richest poetry, our philosophy, and our re ligion. The lecturer would not go so far as that. Mr. Sutherland dealt 'with inti mate knowledge upon the witches in Shakespeare and their contemporaries in Scotch folklore, and also showed the linked learning of the great poet with the fairies of the "Tempest" and the stories of the Highlands, indicating the characters in the plays as being somewhat synonymous with those imaginary objects of Scotch tradi tions, though the methods of magic in Shakespeare differed. An interesting lec ture was brought to a close with sor weird stories of ghosts. 