Yorketown October 2. i f A SUCCESSFUL CONCERT was held in he Institute Hall on Wednesday evening ast in aid of the library funds. The hon. ecretary, Mr W. Innes, occupied the hair. After the overture by Miss Har ood and Misa Matthews the newlyormed glee club made their debut in 1 Hail Smiling Morn," which was pleasngly rendered. The club consists of Mesdames Innes, Friebe, Martin, and Klem, and Miss Deckert (contraltos), Mrs Har wood and Miss Morris (sopranos), Mr E. Jaehne (tenor), and Messrs Hughes and Russell (bass). Miss Jenner was very in her rendering of '* Calvary," as was also Mr R. Newbold in his recitation ".The Edeliwiess Gatherer." Mr R. Mareton was encored for his song "In Port," and Mr L. Waterhoueo's number waa similarly received. The local orchestra rendored the march " Defiance,'\ and Mr W. Russell sang " The Mighty Deep," which was heartily applauded. Mr E. Jaehne'a rendering of " Comrades," with chorus by the company, had to be partially repeated. The glee Bells of St. Michael's Tower " closed the (> first part of the entertainment. After the interval MrO. Thyer played an overture and the glee club rendered *' Carnovale." Miss Jenner was encored for her effort and had to give another song. Mr Waterhouse Bang the " Death of JNelson," and bad to submit to a second encore. Mr E. Jaehne'a " Settiog the Blue Hen " brought down the house. The orchestra rendered the " Mississippi" schottische, and the glee club was again to the fore with "Good Night, Deloved." A laughable farce " Grandmother's Ghost," in which the characters were sustained by Messrs E. Pryor, A. Becker, and A, and E. Jennings, sent the people home happy. The brasB band played selections in front of the hall previous to the entertainment. The dresses of some of the performers were much admired and reflected credit on the maker, Miss Hittmann. ACCIDENT. — Mr Kemp, of Honiton, met with an accident yesterday. When driving a colt he was thrown out and the trap ran over him.' Dr Davies, who is attending him, doeB not consider his injuries to be serious. m s f i 