/, - _._ - , .. ED 11 'F =i _______··..,Y __ IIma -?-' ? ? - t ? -_--,:-t - ? - ? . .. ..? ? -, ?? ":-1 ? ?7#", ? !'? ? 1 ,,,.x.,. ' ? ?.,? ? _--- ·5 ? ?...?.I8- ? .???< . -. . ?. w, c. ?'?,-*,-'-..????' 8 b?~e ?/.., *"?,..-.?:.- -. ?.'-?.. ? " \---~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~i ii; F O-, U?- , .?,_?;-',.?/ - ._. ?, .. I- ,, • ?, 7.. ,.? -? _ ,. ? .,? ? , "-?_/f?~z . . ? .. ? _ ,.... ., . . . _ - .- . ? . ... ?- ? . - ."~~ Y·-3 -/· ~ ~r Short Story. A Case of Conscience. There were perhaps a score of people in the drawing-room of WesthoIme -Towers. The assemblage included, among -thers, young Radson, of the Guards for whom I had conceived a vast partiality ; -Wallace Lewin, known to me years ago, when he was consul at Jaffa: ;Ir. Can -tan, the owner of the demesne adjoin lng my cousin Tom's; and MIr. Cannan's 'winsome daughter. Dorothy. Miss Cannan sat at the piano, while Tom, under pretext of turning over her music, stood close beside her, all plea .iantry and courtesy. Tom-tall and well-bnilt-showed at his best that evening-I noted it with gall in my heart; and his jovial face w-as abeam with smiles. His diligent attendance on Dorothy ·Cannan had been decidedly more pro nounced of late, lending colour to tha rumour then current to the effect that he and she were to make a match of it. From my soet in the embrasure of The window. with bitterness and envy rank ling in my breast, I watched theml Strive as I might- and Ifdetested myself for halrbouring the abject fancy-I could -rot help thinking of the consequences -their union would entail upon me and .,y expeta.tions. -Ii.L ?fe ealy is between me and -eight thousclnd at year," I soliloquised fretfully. "If he marrit?--faugh! -there's an end of my prospects. Not only that. his marriage will rob me of Ier whom I love as my life-more than umy honour. Lose Dorothy ! I cannot "bear to think of it." 3fy nerves were strained to their ut -most tension that night I felt un wontedly irritable and revengeful as I pictured The misery which the near future had in store for me. And while I brooded thus darkly, I seemed to bear a voice-the Evil One's. surely--ever and anon whisper encourag ingly into my ear. " Only his life-only his life 1" Thanlkful enough was I when Lieu tenant IRadson and Mr. Lewin crossing tne tloor, broke in upon my churlish -revei-e . " What moping alone ?" cried the lieu 'ea~nt, cheerily. "This will never do! Cheer up, old chap. You seem out of -sorts to-day." -'Yes." said I, wiping my brow. v" 51 ht d feels bad-it's the hot room, I think." Well, come out with us into the 'library," young Radson went on. "STay. though I Lewin has just told me that you possess a museum of your own that is, a collection of bric-a-brac. silver ornaments and gew-gaws that you brought with you from the East What do you sy- to displaying them to us both ? I should greatly relish seeing them-" Upstairs we went to my dressing room-which adjoined my bedroom where stood the oblong marqueterie -abie-on which the articles were ranged. T-be-ti-onsisted of various silver knick Ina-cks of-Indian filagree- work which I had picked up in Bombay a year before. with other bizarre saunples of Oriental workmanship which had c!hanced to take 'my fancy. "Very interesting." said young Had son, stifling a yawn. in the midst of my panegyries. "Shall we go downstairs again? I-hear Tom singing." \- Half-a- moment" I interposed. "'You -iaven't examined this yet." So saying, I picked up what I vainly imagined to be the gem of my odd col lection-an elabor-ately c-areed ivory sheathL in which reposed a no less artis -tie IMalay kriss. \- The steel of the -razor-edged weapon was fantastically inlaid with silver, and It possessed some sort of historic value in having once been owned by the noto rious dacoit. Lal IMaugnas. The sheath I handed to the lieutenant while Lewin stretehed out his hand for the keen, curved blade " Very pretty, indeed," commented Radson- "Worth something, that I su-ppose ?" Meanwhile, Lewin ran his finger along t-he edge of the kriss, a subtle smile upon his face. Then, as if seized with a sudden thought, ]e struck a tragic attitude, lifting the knife high above his head. " Ha, ha !" he cried, aping the ortho -dox transpontine villain- "It's his life or mine I Shall I strike ? Ha. ha I" Radson laughed hugely at the ex consul's ludierous posture. a laugh in whbich LIewin himself presently joined. Then the kriss was once more placed snugly in its sheath, and we returned to the drawing-room By. ts time my cousin had dralgged himsPelf from Dorothy's side. being now seared in close converse witn ntr ratner_ TEhenceforward. to my mind. try as I might to win her attention, she appeared ,Twoefully reticent Several times I caught her eyes roam ing in Tom's direction, and the soul of me waxed wroth at the inference I could not avoid dralwing. Andi at one time I thought she cared for me-thought she knew I c~ared for her. At that moment the voice smote my ears again with its insinuating home thrust " (Only his life-only his life !" Wlhen the hour arrived for Mr. Cannan and his daughter to start for home. I escorted Dorothy to the carriage. Toma following at some little distance behind * -wilt her father. The pressure of her soft palm still lingered in my hand when I went up to my room for the night Once again. like muttered thunder in my ears there rose the reiterated phrase " Only his life-his life "' IL After a wild tossing about on my bed. harassed and feverish, at length I dozed offE Was it a dream I dreamed then--a horrible, torturing nightmare ? With all the strength that is in me. I pray that such a dream may never again fall to my lot. In the dead of night, I thought that an invisible, irresistible energy clutched hold of me. impelling me. helpless nainst -its mandates. to deeds full of ?rk-nless,. ingratitude. and treachery. In obedience to its behests. I dreamed that I rose from my bed. stole furtively Into my dressing-room, and there took the ugly kriss from its scabbard: I dis tinctly recollect that I chuckled softly -oh. the horror of if!-as I saw the glint of the steel in the moonlight Then. I knew not how. I found myself_ gliding cautiously into my ,ousin's' roonL across the thick carpet to the sidei of his lbed. A swift strong blow. deep into his heart, and it was clone ! A- cry--hoarse end appalling-broke the st:llness of th" nrght, and this it was, I suppose. that wakened me. I sat up in bed shuddering. -3Merciful powers! it- was no dream ! The long drawn waiil of mortal agony still rangi upon the air. It came from the adjoin ing room-that of my cousin Tom. A cold sweat pouring out all over me. I blindly crept into my dressing-room and struck a' light Yes. it was no dream. The deadly kriss., lying bare and bloodstained on the little table con vi-ted me. As I snatched it up again, to g-tze aghast at its gory edge. the muiled groan once' more struck upon my ears. Still retaining the weapon in my gr'-sp, i I darted out into the corridor. I saw the flicker of half-a-dozen. candles, as, roused by the outcries, the inmates of the house hurried, panice stricken, to the spot. With the ap 'pearance of the lights, Tom raised him self upon his elbow, stretched his arm towards me as if in denunciation, and then fell back-dead ! I have a dim vision of paled, awed faces around me, looking at me half compassionately. half-loathingly : I saw, the fearful gash in Tom's breast. from which the blood still trickled :above all, like a sear in my memory, I recall the : red-tinged- kriss around- which my fingers- tightened convulsively. Then the police came I gazed at them blankly, unable to realise the import of their queries. I replied to them, at heazrd. incoherently "- His life !" I murmured. disjointedly. "I W-as in a- dream. Somnambulism ! I don't understand. A crime-who says it was a crime ?' The police inspector shook his head pityingly, and turned to speak to young Radson. " Yes. yes," said the lieutenant with evident reluctance. - " It sounds like-a confession. He II go quietly. I're no doubt I'll accompany you, too." So they led me. dazed and impassi-ve, away. In a vague kind of fashion I knew that I .was being taken to prison. and I managed somewlhat to raiIlly my scattered fc-ulties. There was no use in concealin. the unconscious part I had played in this grim tragedy. and I unburdened my mind frankly. ' It's a terrible business," said Radson, when I had finished. " -o, I don't blame you exactly. In that half-sleeping, half Iw aking state, you were hardly respon sible for your actions. But it's a terrible \--terrible business !" He need not have told me that, for[ when I was left alone the vivid recog nition of my guilt was more than I could. bear. The many instances in which 3: was indebted to my cousin came to up braid me with the baseness of my in- i gratitude in ever countenancing an ill-i wish to'wards him. And in what wayx would his death benefit me now ? I could never be rich with his wealth. nor possessed of his lands; Dorothy.: too. would execrate my name, and hold - my memory in deserved abhorence. i -othin- remained for me but the ,hantX rarce or trial ana conviction ; beyond loomed the gaunt, forbidding gallows. A man lert alone with such trhoughts as mine tastes an earnest of death. The leaden hours passed slowly by, and al-: though I could not have been inside the gaol over five hours, it seemed as many weeks to me before Lieuten?nt Radson returned. " Phew !" he said, eyeing me intently. "?You seem the ghost of yoirself. You ought not to give way like this." " Ought not 2" I echoed, bitterly. " Do you expect me to laugh and dance under my sin 2" "Come, come! it's not so bad as all that," he added quickly. " I've a ques tion or two ~to ask you. In the first.place, why did you pitch me that tale about a gruesome dream 2"' "'What do you mean 2" I cried ex citedly. " Why this- that you--no more killed your cousin than I did !" " What ! Is Tom not dead ?" " Unfortunately. yes. But you had no hand in causing his death. The real murderer has been found--wanderinr half-clad, and raving mad, upon the moor." "The real murderer " I repeated vacantly. H" Have no fear; he is in safe keeping now. He must have let himself out of the house immediately after the deed was done. still retaining, in spite of his undoubted insanity, a lurking notion of the necessity of flight. Of course. as soon as we missed him, the hue-and-cry was raised. with the result that he was discovered on the moor, as I have said. chattering to himself and chuckling over ,his atrocity. He particularly gloats over his frenzied cunning in having secretly filched the MIalay kriss from your room, and in replacing it without disturbing you, after he had put it to the vile pur poses conceived by his crazed brain. Certainly, the poor fellow is not ac countable for his actions, yet his people are greatly to blame--" "But," I interpised hastily, ' you have not told me who this madman is." " Why. it's the man you knew away in .Taffa-.Yallace Lewin. His friends were at once communicated with, and a brother of his reached Westholme an hour ago. From him I learned that Lewin has of late been somewhat erratic in his behaviour. the outcome. no doubt, of the sunstroke he sustained a few months back in the Levant Ever since then he has been subject to periodic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly, nobody imagined that they would culminate, as they- have done. in a seizure of homi cidal mania. What impelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin. rather than upon any one else, I c-an't understand. unless. indeed, it was for the reason I have already mentioned the apparent ease with which the mur der could be fathered upon you. That. too, seems to be MIr. Cannan's theory." "'Ah ! Has Mr. Cannan been to tlie Towers ?" "He came directly he heard of Tom's death. By the way. we were all at fault n ith regard to Tom and Mr. Can nan's daughlter. I had a long talk with the old man, and. from what he said. I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooththai path for you. Aware that her father would probably discounte nuan-e lany engag?emrent between you and his child. because of your unsatisfac tor" position tinancially. Tom-the mag nani'ulls fellow-even hinted at settling a substantial annuity- upon you, on con dition that Mr. Cannan withdrew all obstacles. That expedient will now no longer be nieeded: equally, of course, Mliss Canunan knew nothing of these pending negotiations." " And she ." I murmured. " Have you seen or heard anything of her ?" ·" Only that she is in a state of anxiety and .indignation on account of your arrest, nigh bordering on distrgaction. Her father has gone to see about get ting you out of this infernal hole, and if I might advise you. I would suggest that you drive straight to his house, and set her at rest. Hark.' added he, as foot steps drew near the cell door, "here comes Mr. Cannan to carry you off." " Weekly Sun." 