AN OPEN LETTER TO - HIS EXCELLENCY EARL BEAUCHAMP, GOVERNOR OF NEW SOUTH WALES. Sir,— Your BIRTHSTAINS have you turned to good, Forcing strong wills perverse to steadfastness; The first flush of the tropics in your blood, And at your feet, success. These are your first -words of greeting to the peopl of the Mother State of Australia. Coupled with very dubious compliments, they convey a sneer and an insult, none the less outrageous in that they are the result either of ignorance or presumption, perhaps both. You have begun badly; let us hope that this first faux pas of yours is not a prognostication of a bad end ing to your gubernatorial career. Not only have you gratuitously insulted a sensitive community in a clumsy attempt to pay an equivocal compli ment, but you have managed at one coup to alienate the sympathy of the press and people of New South Wales. If I may be permitted to pun on your title, you are a big-chump if you imagine that the powerful press of Australia will tolerate your hoity- toity airs, and consent to receive your puerile paraphrases of Kipling's virile verse as oracular utterances, even though condescendingly communicated through the mysterious medium of a chap calling himself Cocoran. *** This cove, Cocoran, is, I presume, your private secretary and literary 'ghost'; and is, I shrewdly suspect, responsible for your damned doggerel bunkum about ' birthstains ' and ' strong wills perverse.' If so, he must be a literary descendant of Captain Cocoran, of the comic opera Pinafore.'' I hope he's not one of those bad-blooded, black hearted Irish parvenu snobs who are pleased for pay to play the parts of political panders and Dublin Castle hacks and spies. Such bastard anti- Irish Irishmen hang onto the skirts of English Society, ready to do any dirty piece of treacherous work against Ireland and Irishmen, who distrust and despise them. We have too many of these half-bred Irish dastards is our midst already, to make a Cocoran welcome. Some of them are native-born, some immigrants ; the worst of then here, as in Ireland, being among the lawyers. They are, for the most part, Society "smoodgers,' who would sell their servile souls for a smile from Society, and would desert their race and deny their religion for purposes of profes sional profit and political ambition. They'll be around you like blow-flies in a butcher's shop : shoo' them off. *** It is a thousand pities that, you, an English gentleman, should have fallen into the clutches of this cursed class, who seem to have impelled you to behave like a cad and to write like a snob. Surely, a gentleman of your British instincts, social status, and' patriotic aspirations, both in political and ' religious - matters, wants no parasitical understrapper to teach you what to how-to act in the high and responsible position of Governor of New South Wales. You surely have not failed to realise the true nature of your position by recog nising that, although you are a nominee of the Imperial Crown, you are not the Imperial Governor of New South Wales, but merely the titular figurehead of a free, practically independent, and sovereign self governing community. By the very feature of our Constitution, you can have less political power here, and exercise far less political influence, than in a Crown Colony. There, you might rule; here, you can only reign— a sort of articulated dummy, having neither head, eyes, ears, nor hands to think, see, hear, or do, except as the Executive Council, i.e. the Parlia mentary Executive Committee, made up of Cabinet Ministers, see fit to direct you. Therefore, curse and sack that Cocoran fellow, if, as I believe, he has coached you up to the contrary. ' You'd have done much better to have consulted and trusted your good aunt the Countess of Raglan, and sensible sister, the Lady Lygon, in- stead of lending so ready an ear to convict yarns and ' Old Lag ' legends. These Birthstain 'boojums' have made a fool of you, first by making you for get your manners, and, secondly, by making you play puerile pranks with yonr pen which have placed you in a most unpleasant position with the people of New South Wales. Th vast majority of these people were, and still are, in spite of your BIRTHSTAINS' blunder, ready to welcome and tolerate you as a well meaningyoang man — a sort of English new chum in search of " Colonial Experience' So you mast not let this Cocoran contretemps dis courage you : let it be a lesson and a warning to you ; listen to tbe advice I'll give you for your guidance in the future, and I'll guarantee you'll be a wiser, if a sadder man, and make a better ending of your vice-regal career than yonr beginning seems to promise. I propose to give you a few hints on persons and things, on politics and factions, political parties, and religious sects, which maybe, nay I'm conti dent, will be of signal service to you if you give them heed. Don't spurn my advice, because a crowd of ' nasty- nice ' people tell you that I am a dangerous, desperate demagogue, because, as a matter of fact, I'm a real true-blue Conservative of the genuine British type, ready to defend and fight for all that is noble and in spiring and worth preserving in our British History and institutions. Besides, like you, I am a High Churchman, and a supporter of the English Church Union, which I hope is destined, by the Grace of God, to bring about the Union of Christen dom. Therefore, you can rely on my advising yon aright : and I promise that the advice I shall presume to offer, in this 'and subsequent letters, will be well worthy of your most weighty consideration. In any case, before you finally decide to reject it, should you be so disposed, don't do so at the sole instigation of Cocoran, consult the Dowager, your aunt, and the Lady Mary, your sister. You're a very young and inexperi enced man for your present position. Therefore, condescend to consult your good aunt and kind sister. They won't lead you astray. Their interest in your welfare, joined to the intui tive shrewdness of good women's instincts, will do more than anything else to rescue you from ' Cocoran's clutches and redeem your reputation from the snobbish BIRTHSTAINS which you unwittingly, and with the best of intentions, have loaded it. Your youth will be your saving excuse, provided you don't commit the salfie or a similar offence. Always remember that you've a deuce of a lot to learn. We know that Alex ander had conquered the world when about your age ; Julius Caesar was the Pagan Pontiff of Rome when much younger than you are; Charles the Twelfth of Sweden was a great war rior at twenty; Napoleon was con queror of Italy when younger than you ; Pitt was Premier of England at 25; and among poets, Byron '' awoke to find himself famous' at 19 ; whereas you, as a priggish paraphras tical poetaster have made yourself foolish at 29. Evidently Longfellow's lines : ' Lives of great men all remind us we can make our lives sublime,' have been lost upon you since you came under Cocoran's literary and political chaperonage. Instead of achieving the sublime, you have, under the curse of Cocoran, reached the ridiculous ; and in doing so you have, I fear, presumed too much on the assumed prestige of the 'Peerage, both here and in the Old Country, *** As I shall prove to you directly, on the most unimpeachable authority, Aus tralians have had ample opportunities of forming for themselves, here upon the spot, a pretty fair opinion of the British aristocracy, both of the blue blooded and the parvenu type. We have had a few, a -very few, English, peers among us within the last forty years whom we can admire as statesmen and esteem as men. On the other hand, we have had a great many more, whom we execrate as men and despise as statesmen. A peer, merely as a peer, has little or no political influence in New South Wales. Indeed, unless he has estab lished claims to respect and esteem by virtue of his public services and pri vate character, he has. no more, pro bably less, influence in the political sphere than an ordinary £300 a year professional politician. Perhaps you know, perhaps you don't know, that until he has had his credentials verified, and -given proof of his respecta bility, a peregrinating Peer in these parts is regarded as a disreputable character, or, 'at least, treated as a 'suspected person,'' without any visible lawful means of subsistence. The reason of this suspicious attitude of Australians towards' the British aristocracy is pri marily due to the titled spielers who have exploited our parvenu society from time to time, and to other reasons worth explaining to you. ** * Some twenty years or so ago, we were 'honored' by the presence among us of a Peer of the Blood Royal, in the person of the Duke of Edinburgh, now the Duke of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha. He proved himself to be one of the most prurient-minded, lecherous-living, brothel-bilking, tradesmen-tricking ras cals that ever ran amock among the principles of personal honesty and canons of private and public decency. His conduct on this continent and in New Zealand earned for him the soubri- quet of the " Dirty Duke.'' He literally wallowed in the lowest forms of lascivious, lecherous, libidinous lewdness; and after running through the whole range of low lust and loathsome vice, refused to pay the victims of his crimi nal courses, and the panders and pro curesses of his foul amours. In a Mel bourne brothel to-day is exhibited by a cast-off concubine of this scoundrelly son of our Most Gracious Queen, the four-posted lair of this most royal rascal. He left this colony amid the howls of harlots whom he bilked, and the lamen tations of poor washerwomen, whom he had refused to pay for the disagreeable work of washing his doubly dirty linen. Tracked and traced to New Zealand, he was, under threats of detention and legal process, compelled to pay for his dirty linen, and to settle some of his trades men's bills. Isn't this shocking ? Indeed, it is. I suppose you think it almost seditious to thus publicly impeach this Guelphic Ghoul, simply because he happens to be a member of the German-Brunswick mob who fatten and batten on the under fed, overtaxed, poverty-stricken working classess of England. You'll learn differently before long ; and even now, will be inclined to change your mind, when I tell you that Australian juries, however much they may disapprove of my manners and methods, are not ready to relegate me or any other law-abiding citizen to a felon's cell on a charge of treason-felony, or seditious libel, merely because they happen to have the public spirit and the moral courage to tell the truth about rascals, royal or plebeian, prurient princes or putrid politicians. The snobs and sneaks and scoundrels of our ''nasty-nice' society have repeatedly tried to gaol me, both for seditious and criminal libel. Why ? Simply because I dare to denounce and expose such concupiscent scoundrels as this ' Dirty Duke,' and the equally low-lived, libidinous, lying, cowardly little lecher, ' Cocky ' Carruthers, the seducer and traducer of Susan Blackburn, who, boosted by political parsons and parsoni cal politicians, still disgraces our public life by sitting in Parliament and hold ing the portfolio of Minister for Lands. * * * You say I digress, and am discur sive. Not a bit of it. What have you to do with the scaly divagations of the ' Dirty Duke ' and the concu piscent Carruthers ? More than at first sight appears. You have been pleased to dogmatise in most damnable doggerel on Australian BIRTHSTAINS. I want you to do a little dogmatising on British and German BIRTHSTAINS. I want you first of all to recall that you belong to a peerage membership of which is no proof of character, and no claim to public esteem. In the next place, I want you to know what sort of characters you have among your Con stitutional advisers in New South Wales ; and the sort of men who, by virtue of their political position, though among the most foul and vicious (morally speaking) in the land, will claim to come to your levees, and balls, and banquets, to hob-nob, and dance, and dine with you and the Dowager Countess and the Lady Mary, to whom they will insist on being introduced as a political right, regardless of all moral considerations of social decency and personal purity. Yoa and your aunt and sister are in for a ' nice time ' at Government House. You, who, as a good Anglican Churchman, regard marriage as a sacrament, and divorce as dereliction from Divine Law, will not only be ex pected to socially receive and entertain and introduce to the Dowager Countess of Raglan and Lady Mary Lygon, men of foul lives who have divorced their cruelly wronged wives, and that too by cowardly in camera process, but will also have to sit cheek by jowl in the Executive Council with ' Cocky ' Carruthers, who will be one of the joint-keepers of Your Excellency's Con- stitutional conscience. Fancy the religious, clean-living, conscientious Earl Beauchamp being constitu tionally constrained to tolerate and follow the advice of '' Cocky ' Carruthers. This man tried to get me into gaol, because I publicly denounced him as a foul adulterous fornicator, the seducer of a young married woman, and a dangerous dishonest politician. Quos deus vult perdere prius dementat. I hailed his fatuous folly with joy. I fought this bad little bumptious brute, backed up as he was by all ths combined power of politicians, police, parsons and pros' during a three weeks trial at Armidale, before a jury of good and most God fearing men, even as Paul fought with beasts at Ephesus. For three weeks, single-handed and alone, I battled for my liberty, during the whole of which period I exposed in the pillory of a Court of Law the libidinous life of this mendacious immoral monster. I had him under cross-examination for two whole days, and liberally tore the black heart out of his cowardly concupis- cent carcase : out of his own mouth, and by his own fetters, I branded him for what he was — a cruel, callous, cold blooded seducer and traducer of a youu_ married woman ; a foul fornicator, abominable adulterer, a double-died liar, and false swearer, and the dastardly divorcer, by semi-secret process, of the mother of his children, a woman more sinned against than sinning, and a great deal too good for him This is the villain, Carruthers, who, backed up by the Preminr and the Cabinet, all the powers of the police the pulpit and the Press, tore me away from my home, and dragged me with my ailing wife, and her little new-born baby, hundreds of miles up-country, at Christmas-time, to have me tried by a specially-appointed judicial commissioner (Backhouse o Rofe case notoriety) and all for what? Because I had dared to criticise and allowed others to criticise his crooked administration of the Lands Department, and de nounced and exposed him to the world as a fornicating adulterer and wronger of women that he was. This sly, slimy, sneaking, parson-boosted, press- boomed creature, Carruthers, is one of your constitutional advisers, and don't you forget it. Ponder over this fact, and reflect on the fates of Sir Charles Dilke and Parnell, who, for im morality, venial in comparison with that which I sheeted home to this local lecher of ours, had their brilliant and useful public careers blighted and blasted by ostracism from public life. Of course, we have an antipodean way of doing things in Australia, but it is worth the consideration of one who represents the Queen in this country whether such an one as ' Cocky' Car ruthers would be permitted to pollute Her Majesty's presence, or be tolerated for a single day as one of her consti tutional advisers. Perhaps, however, you will get over the difficulty by assuming that ' Cocky ' Carruthers is quite good enough for a community which you have thoughtlessly in sulted by sneering at the BIRTH- STAINS of its alleged convict origin. Perhaps, you are right : perhaps, you are wrong, as you'll probably find out before long. *** You've had our Premier, " Wrig gler ' Reid, at your earhole in West ralia. I dare say you found him a very complacent, confiding sort of a cuss. Permit me, however, to warn you that, in a political and social sense, he'd be a broken Reid; indeed, for you to rely upon for Constitu tional counsel and support. He is noto rious as a traitor and a truckler, false to friend and foe, party and principle, and recreant to every pledge or promise that he ever made. He's an impecu nious political adventurer, whose morals are a match for his principles, and con cerning whom I recently wrote and published the following straight-out charges and challenge :— This man Reid is the beau-ideal of a Federal Boodler and Bounder. He has neither conscience nor consistency ; and notwithstanding his platitudinous pro fessions of patriotic public service, he is, without a doubt, the most putrid of the many corrupt politicians who at present pollute our Parliament and debase our public life down to the degraded level of a Boodler's Bureau. It is time that this man Reid was tackled ad presented to the common gaze in all the true colors of his public and private life. He is corrupt in the one, and immoral in the other. His relations with more than one of the banks of this city have made and -still make his presence at the head of public affairs a menace to pure and honest Govern ment. I charge George Houston Reid, Prime Minister of New South Wales, with being morally rotten and- politically corrupt ; and challenge him to put me to the proof of this by civil or criminal process in the Courts of Law, when I promise to deal with his even more drastically and effectually than I did 'with that great and good man, his Cabinet col league, Mr. ' Cocky' Carruthurs, at Armi dale, a little over a year ago. I say deli berately and conscientiously that if the public knew a tithe of what I know about Reid and his relations with rotten city Banks, both in his private and public capacities, his chances of the Federal Premiership would be about as good as mine' or the equally notorious Mr. Buckley's. This is the chap who'll present himself to you as your chief constitutional 'cobber,' and who'll claim to have the custody of your vice- regal conscience. You'll have to listen to him, but before you accept and act upon his advice in matters of high constitu tional moment and political import, I'd advise you to seek guidance and counsel from some more reliable counsellor than Cocoran, or you may soon find yourseli committed to some unconstitutional course beside which your BIRTHSTAINS blunder would be but a circumstance. Now, listen to me, young man — because, after all, you're only a hobble dehoy and a greenhorn in the hands of such conscienceless unconstitutional ' crooks ' as Reid, Carruthers and Co. — you have at your side, in the person of Sir Frederick Matthew Darley, Chief Justice and Lieutenant Governor of New South Wales, a 'guide, philosopher, and friend,' who will steer you clear of the political and social shoals and quicksands with which your vice-regal course will be beset. Sir Frederick Darley, though a judicial martinet, a stickler for Constitutional etiquette, and a severe judge (as I know to my cost), is a true type of a fine old British gentleman, a sound constitutional lawyer, of wide professional and political experience, He has filled the position of Governor here in our midst a number of times ; and if the office were elective, as it ought to be, he would be unanimously chosen to fill it by the people who have every reason to be satisfied with his past administration of its duties and functions. With Sir Frederick Darley as Governor, the People feel that the- Constitution is safe, which they cannot feel with you, an untried, inexperienced young ster, especially when they know you will, for the present, at least, be surrounded and counselled by the most callous and corrupt coterie of political adventurers and social scala- wags that have ever had control of affairs in this BIRTHSTAINED colony. Confide in the Chief Justice, and you cant go far wrong ; and with this well-meant admonitiou, I'll leave you till next Sunday, when I'll give you an amplification of the Australian and English birthstains question, which will open your eyes and make your ears tingle. Mean while, permit me, Sir, to subscribe myself, Your Excellency's Obedient Servant, JOHN NORTON. Sydney, St. Dunstan's Day, 1899. 