ELECTION NOTES. Mr. Glassey has made a formal statement, through the medium of the local Press, to the effect that he had nothing to do with the disturbance which took place last Friday night at the meeting held by Mr. Charles Powers, at which Mr. Dickson was present. He was sent for, he says, in order to restore quiet.. It matters little now who actually began the foul rout," or " who sat It on." The fact remains that It was one of the most disgraceful exhibitions ever seen at a public gathering of the kind in this colony and last night's display at Woolloongabba evidently ran it pretty close. Labour was for eyeful of the claims of common courtesy, of fair play, and of ordinary manliness These disturbances convey a lesson which must sink deep in the public mind, as to how far the right of free speech would be respected In Queensland li the Labour party once had the upper hand. They would be, merciless tyrants Mr Glassey and his colleagues may talk themselves hoarse in asserting that equitable principles are the basis of their " planks "As to the practical application of their fine theories, that tope- taste given at Bundaberg may not, in a com- parative e sense, have been much, but it will certainly be apt to serve ~ Foremost In the list of the " planks" of the Labour party is the demand that all Parliamentary elections shall be held on the the one day This, to be sure, is very far from being one of the most extravagant of the methods by which these zealous reform- ers purpose to set right that social and political world which they find so very much " out of Joint " The system of holding the elections In one day Is, Indeed, as everybody knows, in operation In New South Wales, not to speak of other examples of the sort in Australia But, for all that it may well be doubted whether it makes any approach to an ideal one even when contemplated from the most severely democratic point of view There is still a great deal to be said for the system which prevails in Queensland Its chief advantage is that it affords opportunities for candidates who may be rejected by one electorate to successfully contest another Very often the exclusion of such men from the Legislature would mean a far greater loss to the country than it would to themselves The decision of the electoral issues on a single day involves difficulties and drawbacks which are not compensated for certainly by the swifter despatch which is thereby secured Disraeli was credited with the discovery of the English Conservative working man As a political entity that Uguie ultimately proved to be not quite so Imaginary a one as Disraeli s opponents insisted that it was But, at all events, it is far easier to understand how working men in Queensland, who choose to think for themselves, should, in spite of the denunciations of the orators of the platform, recognise their real interests are more likely to be promoted by the present Government than by any of its possible successors This is a fact which is apparently being driven home to the hulk- ing men in the Wide Bay electorate by the Ministerial candidate, Mr Chippendall His remarks on the subject of labour, an! Its natural allies have provoked the sneer- ing comment from one of the presumable supporters of the Opposition candidate, Mr Jenkinson, that the Government representative might be classed as a regular Labourite Of course, among the fables which the accredited emissaries of the Trades Hall are prepared to swear by as a fact is that, in the direction of labour, a supporter of the Ministry can have no sympathies at all What the old logic chopper and word twister described as the reason of un leason" receives a partial illustration in that letter of Mr J D Campbell, to which reference was made in these columns yesterday in connection with the Moreton election Mr Campbell files Ministerial colours yet he flouts the advice, the urgent appeal of the Premier with respect to overlapping candidature on the Government side Mr Campbell shows himself lamentably wanting in a proper sense of what should be the first duty of a politician who wishes to play a useful part with regard to the working of our constitutional system The interests of the party should be studied before anything else, and due recognition given to the fact that Its acknowledged chief has a right to claim obedience from his followers with respect to all matters appertaining to party discipline An excellent example in that direction has been set by Mr Neilson The letter in which the withdrawal of his candidature for Moreton is announced presents a striking contrast to the tone of that in which Mr Campbell expresses his determination to persevere in his efforts to carry the electorate The selfish and egotistical note is certainly the dominant one in that remarkable epistle This overlapping business, of which unfortunately so-called Ministerial supporters have almost a monopoly. Is suggestive of curious comparisons with enterprise of another sort. It would seem as though certain gentlemen were going in for Parliamentary honours in much the same spirit as they might go in for a sweep on the races. They evidently look, at any rate, with confidence as to the pleasure which the excitement of the thing must afford them, even though they must be well aware, in many instances, that their chances of securing the prizes for which they have entered are even much more remote than in the case of the adventurers In the sporting world. These men are simply to be considered as political gamblers, whose gain would undoubtedly "be the country's loss. Air. Tolmie is making an excellent fight in the Drayton and Toowoomba electorate. His political campaign is being conducted in a spirit which is marked by an absence of all those narrow prejudices and petty criticises of politics and opponents which seem to be the natural result of a lengthy sojourn on the Opposition benches. His speeches are original and forcible, and are almost entirely devoted to the disclosure of his own political principles and views. The cord al welcome he has received in every part of the constituency is due in the first place to the respect which old and young electors alike have for the man who acted the dual part of father and brother to his younger sisters and brother in a manner worthy of the highest praise. This respect has been increased by his platform performances, and the electors generally are realising that the Ministry of which their young townsman is a professed follower has done much mentor the agricultural industry, in spite of the persistent opposition of their late members, than any Ministry which those members ever supported. Many of the electorate is more than hoped the majority of them are satisfied that the present Ministry will continue to prove Its practical sympathy with farming and land settlement generally to a degree unattained by the Opposition. A Ministry which on the 30th June next will have achieved the unparalleled result of a substantial surplus at the end of each of five consecutive financial years deserves favourable recognition by a community noted for paying 20s. in the pound. The farming constituencies of Warwick, Lockyer, began, Cunningham, and Musgrave have chosen representatives who will follow the Government, and on next Saturday this most important agricultural electorate of the colony will have an opportunity of doing likes he, by returning as its member a young and able colonial, who will prove worthy of the honour. A fig for the croakers who tell is We haven't the ghost of a Show, It's only because they are jealous. And fain would the thought " in the know, The ninnes who like to taste sorrow Beforehand, may drain the full cup, We jolly boys trust in to-morrow, We'll wait "till the numbers are up." The sanguine spirit of the rhymes of the turf would seem to be shared by not a few who are now regularly booked for the Parliamentary Stakes, but some of whom are not in the least, likely to be in any real sense in the running. Evidently as in the case of Mr. Taylor, the so-called y malsters' 1 candidate for Dalby, the fact of their being j I only outsiders will not be brought home to them till the " numbers" actually have gone | Up and revealed the dismal fact that, along with the coveted seats the deposits guaranteeing the good faith of the modest aspirants for them have also been lost. 