THE NOVELIST. A TRYING ORDEAL. CHAPTER XVIII. Ill ! Una laughed, and hor voice was as hardened and altered as her faco. ' Oh, no Norah. There ia no illnesH for rac. If I could he ill, I might hopo to dio ; but l am no strong — too strong. I can t break " the chains that bind ino to the rack so easily. I would kill myself,' she suid, pressing her hand upon hor forehead, ' hut that there would 1)0 no more rest in the spirit for me, I think, than there is now in the flosh. llcst 1 Could I rest haunted by three such ghosts— my dead child, my murdered husband, the old man that I drovo mod 1 All dead before me — all waiting for. For ho is dead, is he not 1' Sho asked the question with such start ling abruptness that Norah could hardly reply. She stammered tremulously — . ' Do you mean Sir Amyrald V 'Yes. I heard some whispering out- ,'nide my door this morning, and Edith was crying— evon Edith,' in a contemptuous tone. 'Is ho dead 1' 'Yes,' Norah said, with difficulty re straining the tears that wero near her eyes. ' He is dead, dear. He died very peacefully and quietly, they told me — like a child falling asleep.' 'Have .you seen him1' asked Una abruptly, and without any show of emotion. ' Not yet.' 'I have not seen him for eight years — just eight years, Norah. I said that I should never see him until he was lying dead — you remember, don't you? I should iiko to see him now, I think. He was fond of me onco. Will you come with me to soe him now V ' Not now. Some one may he there ; and thero is Mrs. Sabine calling me again,' Norah said quickly. ' I will go with you dear, .but not just now.' For, if Una went now to the ' rsd room ' in tho north wing, sho thought hastily, might she not find her husband standing beside his dead father 1 'Somo other time, then,' said Una, sinking down into her chair again, and rolapsing into her former apathy. 'When you like, Norah. This evening 1' 'Yes— this evening,' Norah assented, and hurried of! to Mrs. Sabine's room. She found it empty, ns wore also the adjoining dressing-room and bed-room. Mrs. Sabino must have got tired of wait ing and gone down stairs, the girl decided, wishing that she had made more haste. Not that sho thought Mrs. Sabine would be vexed with her ; but how very unlikely it was that she could follow her down stairs, and not somewhere meet Red mond. Proceeding down-stairs, she passed through the hall to the library for Mrs. Sabino would most likely be thore. Opening tho door, she entered softly. Glancing around, she thought at first that the dim heavily-furnished room was empty. But, moving forward to the fire, she saw a man lying back in one of the hugo leathern chairs. Her first look told her that it was not Redmond, and she turned to leave the room, her heart throbbing wildly. She was half afraid of thin unknown Godfrey Ardinorc, in spite of her compassion and pity, and shrank at tho mero idea of having to speak to him — perhaps to enduro his thanks. But cautious as she tried to be, the rustle of her dress roused liim, and no started up. Krom the des perate hunted look in Godfrey Ardinore's eyes, the girl felt that she could easily havo divined something of his history hod he been totally ignorant of it. Sho had not tho heart to hurry away, to avoid him — it would seem cruel. Sho controlled herself, and tried to speak cosily and to smile. ' I beg your pardon,' she aaid. ' I did not know you were here. I am afraid I startled you.' ' For the moment I was almost asleep, I think.' He had recovered himself, and smiled at her kindly — a smile brighter And more spontaneous than Redmond's, indicating a more niinKinniilo mill Hfirtrrniii.i temperament. He was far handsomer than Redmond, too, and, despite his heard and sun-burnt skin, looked fully as young. _ ' It is I who should apologiso to you, Miss Casliel,' he said. ' I am suro I frightened you last night. You must forgive mo for that.' He held out his hand to her with a manifest doubt as to how she would accept the overture ; but Norah could not for anything have refused him hors. She pat her hand in his, and ho clasped it tightly. 'You saved me last night,' Godfrey Ardmore went on, not heeding iter falter ing assurance that she had only been startled for a nimncnt — 'you and Red mond together. He has been telling me above you, and 1 hoped that I might boable to sco you again before Kilchenorabeholds mo for tho last time. You must let me tlmnk you for that, my child, although it was not for my sako that you did it.' ' I don't want thanks. I could do no less. There is nothing to tlmnk mo for,' Norah faltered. Sho was embarrassed, nncosy, doubtful as to what slie ought to Bay. Sho glanced at tho window and round the room foarfully. Surely it was rash, desperately reckless, for tho hunted man thus to stand unconcealed iu the daylight ! ' Oh, is it safe for you hero 1' she cried involuntarily. ' Ought you be here. You may be seen.' 'I am safe enough for tho present within tho house, thanks to you.' Godfrey returned with a grim smile, which was yet obviously meant to reassure her. ' Once outside its walls, and how I may fare is a different matter. To-night will show that. One thing is suro— I'll not be taken alive.' He iiad drew from the breast-pocket of his coat something that glittered in tho firelight, glancing at it witli another moody smile. Norah know that it was the shining barrel of a revolver, and the sight of it made her shudder. Before site had time to answer, she heard Redmond's step outside, and ho opened the door and camo quickly in. His wondering glance' from the girl's face to his brother's plairily- showed tiiat lie was startled to sec her there. Tho two brothers, seen togother, were very much alike. The dark straight brows and tho splendid Ardmore eyes were identical. Godfrey, the most self- possessed of the three at tho moment, spoke. ' 'I was thanking this young lady,' he aaid, 'or trying to tbank ber, for hat night. Bat I'm afraid nho ncarcely un- dcrstands how sincerely I do it.' ' Sho knows how we both thank hor,' said tho younger brother briefly and quietly. |' I don't want thanks, there is nothing to thank mo for, indeed!' Norah again protested earnestly. ' And— and I can't stay now ; Mrs. Sabino wants mo. That is why I camo down-stairs. I thought sho would bo hore.' Sho would havo loft tho room but that Redmond checked her. ' Don't run away 1' ho said gently. ' Why should you 1 I — I won't annoy or offend you again. Edith doesn't want you, and I wish to speak to you, if I may, and to thank you first of all.' . ' No plcaso 1' said tho girl gently, though with decision. 1 It is Iiko you to say that. But I know — you must know — how noblo your brave conduct was. But for you, Godfrey would havo been a prisoner now.' They had moved to ono of the windowa, and stood by it, she leaning upon the wido ledgo, he standing by her side. It was almost dark now, and the wind, blowing from the sea, dashed the rain upon tho glass drearily. ' Is it safe for him to bo here now V ho asked. 'Surely ho runs a great risk.' 1 Not much, I hoie, thanks to you — for a little whilo, at least.' 1 He spoko just now as though ho wero going to be gat away to-night. Is he.' ' Yes.' — ' And how V ' I'll toll you. Driscoll will help us, as ho did before ; but for him, I should be almost helpless, since, if I wore seen con niving at his escape or at anything under hand, it would almost inevitably lead to his detection. I must remain here at any risk, to bo seen and spoken with at any moment There is a gate in tho park which opens close upon tho cliffs — yon have seen it, perhaps. ' Yes.' Sho did not say when or how. ' Driscoll will be waiting there with a carringo at ten o'clock to-night,' Red mond said, speaking hastily and in low tones. ' He knows how to manage, as he managed before, and lie would lie faithful to death to any one of us. If Godfrey onco joins him safely, he will not leave him until he is out of tho country.' 'But, oh, it is a great risk — a most dreadful risk 1' said the girl breath lcssly. 'It is — hut not so great as that incurred by staying here. Tho same device would not put Ulick Desmond off tho scent twice.' ' He may not suspect again.' ' Ho has always suspected. The ruse of tho false gravo was a good ono, I suppose— it was Driscoll's — but it never deceived him.' 'No — true.' Norah remembered the fierce ' Nobody, girl — nobody,' which had frightcnod her on that day in the lane when sho had first met Desmond of Fin- trsgh face to face. ' Yet you soy he is off tho scent,' she said. 'Do you think ho is V ' I think so — I hopo su — for a short timo, nt least.' ' But surely tho liouso is watched still I' ' In a fashion ; but not by him. The police are about the park ; but without him they are nothing. In fact from the superintendent downward, they believe the wholo thing a mere niaro's-ncat. The mon said as much to mo whon they were,, leaving last night. Thro. »ru supine and careless enough — absolutely indifferent 1 There is little— ono might say nothing — to fear from thorn.' ' But lie 1' Norah said anxiously. ' Where can he be 1 He is in such deadly earnest. It is strange that ho should not be on tho watch too.' Her voice sank to a murmur, which . perhaps Redmond did not hear — at any rate, he did not reply, and Norah had t<i break tho silence that ensued. It had grown so dark now that she could venture to raise her eyes to his face, as she said, geotly and half doubtfully — ' Mrs. Sabine knows, goes sho not 1 I have not seen her to-day to ask her.' ' Yes.' said Redmond brieflv. ' And she has seen him 1' ' Once only. It was painful to them both,' he said hesitatingly ; and Norah knew that Edith Babine had had uo welcome to give to her disgraced and exiled brother. ' Painful to them both.' Redmond went on, after a short silence — ' more than painful for him, poor fellow 1 and he ran tho risk for nothing, after all. He was too late to soe either his child or his father.' 'His father 1' repeated tho girl. ' Yes. When I took him to the room — 1 did not dare do so until after mid- nimit, when all of tho servants were out of |ho way — it was over.' 'And MoIIyl' Norah asked gently. ' Ho saw her this morning before the house was astir. I- took him up to the room. He had never seen his child in life, poor fellow,' in a tono of intenso pity and compassion. 'You suy that lie rail this dreadful risk for nothing,' alio said falteringly, although sho was determined to speak, and looking at him gravely. 'Did ho conic to Kilchcnora merely to sec his father and his child 1' What else 1' asked Redmond sternly. I see you understand me," said the girl earnestly, her steady gaze not falter ing — 'I know you do. What of liis wife! Is she to know nothing — not even that he Uveal Will he not see her 1 Will ho not pardon and pity her now 1 She hot suffered oven more than lie, if that can he, for all tho misery aroco from her fault. Sho has not oven his child to comfort her. Surely ho will forgive nerl' ' No,' ho retorted, more harshly than she hod over heard him speak— 'no. Can you, merciful nnd gontlo as you are, ask tho question, knowing what you know of their wretched story 1 Sho lias been the curse and disgrace of this miserable house j she drove our father mad, and sho has hopielessly ruined the life of tho husband who loved and trusted her only too well. He is a fngitivo and an exile, with every man's hand against him, through her. Yen talk of pity, reconciliation, pardon in the face of such wrongs as these. It i'b impossible.' ' No, no,' Norah cried cutreatingly, pleading for unhappy Una with as much fervour as she might have Bhown bad the cause been her own — ' not impossible ! Don't say that 1 I know now what sho has done. I know that through her both thoir lives are spoiled ; but that is tho great reason why I speak. Surely the only otonomcnt that she can offor is to share tho cxilo that she has caused, to devote her lifo to him whom sho has wronged so bitterly. And she would do it — oh, must joyfully-— if only sho knew that ho were living, let it mean hardship, poverty, what it would, for she loves him.' Loves him I' Redmond echoed, with infinite scorn in his voice. ' Yes — loves him, os ohe did even then, in spite of her mad vanity and her fully. Oh, if you had soen her to- day, if you had heard her as I heard her, you could not doubt it, lie could not. Tell mo, has he spoken of her 1' Very little,' he answered unwillingly. ' Only to ask if she were alive, and if she wero here. That is all. He hns never even mentioned his wife in tho few brief letters that ho lias dared to write to us.' 'And you think it iabecauso he doesn't care!1 Norah cried. 'Oh, no; it is lie- cause ho is afraid to trust himsolf, because ho knows that lie loves her still. It was her nanio ho spoke when he startled me in tho park last night ; he wan thinking only of her. Let ino speak to her, let her see him, and tliey would ho reconciled, I am sure ; tliey would leave Kilchenora together then, and forget tho past to gether, or at least remember it loss bitterly. Let mo speak to her.' ' No, no,' Redmond said, and caught and held her hand, as she would havo run away. 'No, np,' it is impossible. 'In yonr love for her and pity for her you forget the wrong sho has wronght. It is impossible. Tlioy can never bo anything to each other again. It is more merciful to her that alio should not have her present lielief shaken. She would rather think of him as dead than living and exiled. You promise not to speak to her.' 'Yes, if you forbid ine,' Norah said slowly and reluctantly, and glancing at him pleadingly, in the hope that his face would soften. But it did not, and, seeing how resolute ho was, and feeling, too, that she had no right to net against his will, she uttered no further entreaty. But another thought was in her mind, which she determined to speak before sho lift him, and this intention expressed itself so plainly in hor faco that Redmond noticed it, in spite of tho increasing gloom, and naked her gently what aho was thinking of. ' Is ho to go througil the park alone 1' she whispered. ' Surely not. I shall go with him to the gate. ' And you believe that he will ever reach it safely t' said the girl incredu lously. ' I hope so. I think so.' 'I do not 1' she asserted vehemently, thongh in low tones. ' Do you think that that old man is not watching I I am certain that he is, and that his not being seen to-day is but a ruse to entrap you. It is a long way — a lonely way. If he were once seized, it would all be over. It is an unnecessary risk.' . Unnecessary 1 What else can be done. It is our one chance.' ' Yes j but you are mistaken in your way of carrying it out — you are over cautious. I should be bolder were I you.' 'What would you do')' Ho had caught the infection of her excitement, and spoko not leas eagerly than she. ' This. Send — openly — a messenger to Doctor Driscoll, saying that Mrs. Sabino in ill, and that he Must come at once. There will 1» nothing to cxcito suspicion in that. "Write a note to him, explaining what I am sure it will be tho best to do. He will think so too, I am sure.' ' What do you propose 1' Redmond asked excitedly. ' Tell him to drive to the side-door, as usual. After a little while, let him call his coachman in, and. tell him to ride back for somo remedy Which ho had for gotten— he can take one of the horses for that. Both your messenger and his are certain to lie stopped and questioned by the police — and so much the better. Do yon see what I mean now ?' Not quite.' 'The aide-door opens right upon the path,' Norah said, still speaking in a hurried whinwir. Tf fchu mrrinwi itrivM up close, there need not be more than a pace between the two — tho shadows of the portico also would shield from obser vation, and it will ho a dark night. Doctor Driscoll must becomo impatient that liis messenger does not return. There will bo nothing very strange in liis driving off himself to fetch the remedy, nothing to excito suspicion in hia driving down the gravel sweep and out at tho gates in the usual way. And it is only natural that tho carriage- blinds should be down on a night like this. Every one of theso men knows him. What will there be to raise any wonder in dull minds like theirs. Clever inen might suspect — probably would — but tho country police are both atupid and indifferent. They will he prepared for secrecy, they will not he prepared for boldness. What park-gate do you think is likely to bo the moro closely watched — tho ono far from tho house, reached the winding paths, opening npon a lonely cliff-road, or the ono which stands open to tho highway.' ' I believe you are right !' Redmond cried, a flush coming into liis dark cheeks. ' Bat it is a bold schema.' ' In its boldness lies its safety, ' Norqli cried eagerly. ' There is risk, of course, but not tlio risk that thoro would be in the other. Will you do it.' ' I will.' Norah loft tho room, and ten minutes later, watching eagerly by tiie tall lancet- window at tho ond of the corridor, she saw a stream of light shine out into tho dsrkncss as the side-door of the great hall was flung open. In a few moments there came the tramp of hoofs, then tho sound of directions being given in Red mond's voice, followed immediately by tho sharp sivift gallop of a liorse down the drive. 'And now,' she muttered, standing still for a moment and pressing iier cold hands over her eyes — ' now I cannot help him any further. I can only wait.' CHAPTER XIX. Wait 1 It is an easy thing to say— a far more difficult thing to do. Norah's sus pense of tlie previous night bod not bcun more heart-sickening to her than was this weary watching. She feared to remain at the window, as she would have liked to do. She could not pretend to read, and dared not try to rest. Sho shrank from looking backward, and to look for ward made ber quail-- and not for others only. Sho thought of yesterday after noon, of Redmond's faco "and words thon, and of his manner to her just now. Site understood it. Ho loved her, but ho hod renounced her. Liko unhappy Una and yet more unhappy Godfrey, thoy could never bo anything to each other ns long as their livot should last. Ono hour — two hours. But for tho slow chimes of tho clock on tho landing at tho end of the corridor, tiio girl might havo thought that tho wholo night had crept away. Then, as sho lay upon her bod listening intently, tho moan of the wind and the putter of tho rain were oroKcn in upon by the sounu or wneais and hoofs swiftly coming up tho drive. So far, thon, all was right. Doctor Dris coll had come.' Standing at her window now, peering round tho edgo of tho blind, which she dared not raise, Norah stood ond listened. Still not a sound within tho house, and nearly another hour must havo passed. Was thero any hitch in her plan. Did tlio courage of Redmond and tho faithful friend of tho Ardmorcs fail them at tlio last inomont. No — for now the door below was opened ,Kiflo more, again tho light streamed out, snowing tlio waiting carrisgo drawn up closely beneath the deep shade of tho portico, and the Doctor's sharp cleartoncswero audible. Inanothcr moment a horse and rider wero galloping down tho drive, followed by somo loudly- shouted directions in tho Doctor's' voico ns to tho person to. whfp his message was to bo givoh. Tho\;cary watchoc wrung her hands together Jth a deep sigh of relief. ' / ' It will succeed. My idgV-iil succeed.' sho said to herself. ' Anoelijr half-hour and ho will bo safe 1 Oh, if it were only over.' A suddon thought flashed into her mind. Una 1 Might not Una ha watching like herself, and wondering ? Sho might go down-stairs— sho might soo her husband, and in doing so frustrate his escape entriely. At tlio best her utter amaze ment ut seeing him alivqiwould bo sure to betray itself, and with wjmt result who could foresee 1 If thoy wero indeed not to bo reconciled, it was/better — far, far better— site should ronnfin in this belief, Redmond hod said. ' I'll go to her,' Norah muttered, push ing tho hair back from her temples. ' If she is asleep, I won't disturb her ; if she awake, I can calm and comfort her. I should have thought of this before.' Sho glided out of her room and along tho deserted corridor, and, after tapping gently nt Una's door, entered the room. The light was very dim, for tho fire was dying out, aud thoshadedlampwasturnod down low. Sho was asleep, tlio girl thought thankfully, nnd stolo quietly across tho chamber and cautiously turned up tho lamp a little higher, Then she looked towaras the bed, and started with a cry, for it was empty. Una was gone. Norah's first thought — that she was to stop her, and that Una hod indeed gone down-stairs — was checked by u second. The north wiug 1 Una hod intended to go to the nortli wing, to sco onco more, and for the Inst time, the face of the dead Sir Amyrald — the faco" which she had not seen for eight years ; and aho — Norah — had promised to go witli her. The unhappy woman, wearied of waiting, had gone alone. There was but one thing to do — to go after her. It was an easy thing, to do. for the upper im».» tlio north wing ivm upon tlio same floor, nnfr reached by merely crossing tho great landing and going down a corridor upon tlio other sido. That her surmise .was correct Norah know as soon as alio reached tho corridor, for tho door which give ingress to tho north wing, and which was always kept closed, was open. Sho walked very softly along tho silent passages, where a faint earth-like odour pervaded the stagnant air. Once, ns she paused for a moment at tlio top of the stairs, which site knew sho must descend to reach the room whore tho body was lying, she fancied that she heard, creeping softly near at hand, a stealthy football. But, listening more intently, she could not her a sound. Anirrv with herself for her foolish fancies, sho reached tho door of the 'red room,' and saw that Una was within. The great heavily-draped behstcad, witii tlio rigid white-covered form stretched upon it, lutd been wheeled from tho adjoining bed-chamber 'into tho centre of the room and by its sido Uuna was stand ing, as white and stilt as the corpse, the unbound masses of her golden hair steaming over her black dress. Norah put down her candie, moving forward gently, and tenderly flung her arm round the other's waist. ' Dear Una, you should not havo come hero alone ; I am bo sorry you did 1 You should havo waited for inc.' 'I thought you had forgotten, dear.' ' I did for a littlo whilo. Havo you been here long P Norah strove to speak calmly, though her cars wero strained in an intensity of fear for a sound outside. How slowly tiio lagging moments crept. Would Godfrey indeed escape ? ' Only for a moment. I — I have not looked nt his face yet. Draw tho linen back, Norah ; I should like to soo him onco moro. I — I dare not look alone.' Una spoke very quietly, in n tono almost pathetically gentle, and' upon tlio polo splendid beauty of her face there dawned a softer, less rigid expression. With gentle reverent fingers Norah drew tho wliito covering aside. Wonderfully placid in appearance in expression, there was nothing in tho aspect of tho dead faco to shock or to repel. Little Molly's was not moro sweet and tranquil. A shadow fell across tho rlonrwav a man stood there, bending forward eagerly his wild eyes fixed upon tho two women. 1 He is not changed,' Una said slowly, breaking tiie silence. ' Ho looks just as I remember him, Noraii, eight years ago. Ho was very old ; one cannot be sorry that all is at an ond for him at last.' ' Oli, no — no, my dear.' Ah, no. It must bo good thing, Norah, a wonderfully peaceful, merciful, and good thing, to sleep as he sleeps now.' Tlio man stolo forward .noiselessly, a terrible smilo gleaming' in his eyes and distorting his mouth. Stretching forth his hand stealthily, he caught up the candle which Norah hod set down, and in an instant was gone. 1 ' Wo shall all rest so ono day,' Una, said Norah gotly, ' Ay,' Una echoed drearily—' one day 1 But bow lopg firet 1 Until pur faces are wrinkled and our limbs weak, until tlio grinding misery of the slow years has crushed tho blood out of our hearts drop by drop. And what do we go to then ? Do tho cleverest know? No. I am so strong, Norah— so terribly strong, dear 1 It will be so with mc. I shall not dioz— ( shall hot know what comes after. for years, and years. 'Would that I could. No' ghosts that might haunt mo in death could bo more terrible than tlioso that torture mo in life.' Tho shadow fell across tlio doorway again, and tlio man stolo in, advancing cautiously, noiselessly, until be could have touched tiie two women by putting out hiu hand. In tho corridor without there was a faint cookie, and tho stagnant air was filled with smoke. ' He might have died a happy man, and havo lived a happy lifo for all tiiat his face tells us,' Una resumed, her eyes still fixed upon the dead face. 'It seems hard t hat nothing but the giving up of lifo can give that ineffable pence nmi tranquility.' She bent down nnd pressed her lips upon tho mnrblo forehead crowned by its silvery linir. 'Forgivo iiid, father,' she murmured. 'You loved mo once. Would thnt, before I became a eurso to your house, I had lnin as you lay now.' Tlio man sprang forward and soized her, breaking into a horrible laugh. ' Ay, ns you shall lie — as you shall lie, woman ! Ha, ha, ha 1 How often have I lain in wait for you, and laughed in dreams to feel my fingers at your throat ? Did you think I should fail in revongo when I sworo over his murdered body to havo lifo fur life 7 Your husband escapes me, but it Klin.ll bo your life that I will have- -yours.' Desmond of Fintragh 1 Ay — and Desmond of Fintragh mad I Tho snvago laugh of exultant demoniacal glee, the wild gleam of tho decp-sot fiery eyes told Norah Casliel that. With a wild scream of terror she sprang towurds tho door, and recoiled, stricken dumb. Tlio upper part of the corridor, down which sho had Csed just now, wus ublnze. .She rushed k, nnd in doing so hulf stumbled over Una's senseless form, for she had sunk to ground in a swoon, Tho mndmiiu sprang towards her, Norah heard his frightful laugh of exultation again, his grasp was almost upon her, and, niaddoned with terror, she turned and lied in the opposite direction, Bhrieking as sho had never slirieked in all her lifo before, down tke back staircase, along tlie passages — any where. She struck against the heavy iron-bound door which separated the north wing from tlio rest of tho house, beating hor hands frantically upon it ; she uttered one last despairing cry, knew thnt the door wnB open, thnt a firm hand seized her — that she cried out Una's name, and that several persons rushed wildly by her, and disappeared down tho passage whicii sho had traversed. Then she stood for a moment, dazed and dizzy. A mist came before her eyes, and she dropped to the floor and knew no more. Norah lay there, all unconscious that a woman's form was borne, senseless also, post her out into the darkness, followed in a moment by the sound of wheels nnd galloping horses. .She lay there uncon scious that tho deep notes of tlio huge alarm-bell in tlie south tower were clang ing out loudly, for a terrible red glare had illumined the blackness of the night, and the north wing of Castlo Kilchenora was in lames 1 CHAPTER XX. " From what seemed a" long nud broken sleep Norah Coshol at length opened her eyes, and saw, with a vaguo recognition of which sho was hardly conscious, tho room with which she had been familiar for months post. Sho closed her eyes again, for they were weak and heavy, and could not bear tho light; all her senses seemed dulled, and sho had hardly curiosity or cared, in her languor, to take a second glance. She even heard a rust ling of tho stiff curtains at her head, and did nst euro to stir to see what caused it. But a face was bent over hor, a hand centlv Dressed lie'r forehead, a trim touched hor check, and then her name was spoken. Then aho opened hor eyes nnd raised her weak fingers and tried to touch tho down-bent face, murmuring doubtfully — ' Louise.' ' Thank goodness you know. mo at' last, dear 1' Louiso Hutton cried, aud, iiupul- sivo always, stooped again and kissed her. ' You mustn't talk, love— not a word. You havo been very ill.' ' Very ill I' Norah repeated feebly. 'Very ill. Now you nro not to talk any more— not a syllable. Drink this, aud try to sleep again. You are dread fully weak yet." Thore was scarcely need to bo so emphatic about her weakness, for Norah folt too exhausted for further speech. Sho drank what was proffered her, arid almost immediately full asleep again, nut waking indeed until late in tlio ovcuiiig. Louise, brisk and intent at her post, saw tlio big gray eyes open, nud bont over her at once. 'You fell better, dear, for tlmt nico long nap.' ' Much better.' Norah's voice showed that, for it hud gained in strength and tone. Memory was growing clearer too, and cariosity and anxiety wero awakening with it. ' I may talk a littlo now Louiso I' bIio said beseechingly. . . ...... ' Woll only a very little,' conceded Mrs. Hutton with' somo reluctance.. ' Only a very littlo 1' repeated Norah. ' We are at Castle Kilelienora, are 'we not?' 'Of course, dear.' ' You came hero when I was ill first ?'— 'Yes.' 'Is that long ago?' — 'Just three weeks ago.' 'How did you know that I was ill.' ' I was < elegraped for. My dear child, you will make yourself ill again if you ask so many questions.' i ' No, no— I shall not. ."Who sent you a telegram, Louise.' ' Edith, of course, dear. ' Sirs. Sabine ? No one else.' .'No one else,' assented Louise cheer fully. ' And, really, without praising myself, I think it is a good thing fur you that sho did, you poor littlo tiling. Sho seems too delicate to havo boon able to nurse your herself, and servants are sure to be more or less neglectful, no matter how woll paid thoy may -be. -You will be strong enough to Beo Edith to- morrow, I should think. She will be glad of that.' . . ' Docs she want to see mo — I mean to speak to mo, then.' ' Why, yes, dear. Sho is only staying hero for that. Sho means to gp to Eng land for n time to pay a visit to somo relatives of hor late husband's, it scorns. ;Then, as soon as you are strong enough to, bo moved, this dreadful old place is to shut up, I believe.' \- ' Shut up 1' Norah echoed. ' Is there uo ono hero but Mrs, Sabine, thon.' ' No ono else, dear.' ' Thou '— Noraii turned bur faco upon tho pillow, arid raised one littlo wasted hand to shade her eyes—' where is Mr. Ardmore 1' ' Sir Redmond, yon mean ? T dare say it does sound strange to you to give him tho title. He is gono away, dear. He went only yesterday — as soon, in fact, as you wore pronounced out of danger. I fancy lie had been waiting to hear that.' 'Do you know where he is gone, Louise ?' ' Not at all, beyond that it is abroad, and that, wherever it is, lie intends to Btay thoro. I doubt if Edith herself knows much more. Now you positively must not say a word moro, dear. I shall havo you in a fever again.' ' I don't want to soy any more, Louise,' said Norah gently. Norah was stronger the next morning, and, whon tlio quick clever hands of Louiso Hutton hod modo her fresh, and trim, and had brushed out her brown hair, Norah became urgent to seo Sirs. Sabino. ' And, if you don't uiintl, dear, I would rathur have her to myself for just a littlo while,' she whispered witli a kiss. So Louiso presently left the room, and Mrs,' Sabine camo in. In a heavy crape dress, Mrs. Sabine looked almost as delicate and fragile as herself ; her manner had lost none of its caressing gentleness. .She kissed the girl, mnrinuring tier joy nt seeing her better nud her pity for her suffering, and then, for n short space, both were silent. Noraii spoko first. 'Louise said thnt you wanted to see me, Mrs. Sabine,' she bogan diffidently, 'and I was very glad of that, particularly when I know that you wore going away. May I ask you a fow questions now that there is 110 one to hear us, not even Louise! Pleaso allow mu.' ' My dear,' Mrs. .Sitbiuo replied, ' it is partly because I knew that you would want to do that that I stayed at Kilelie nora until you wero strong enough to seo mc, ulthough I had ono other reason. Ask mo what you will.' ' Did they escape?' asked Norah in a whisper, after a pause. ' Yes.' 'Una and her husband together?' — 'Yos.' ' It was'hor husband who saved her ? ' —'Yes.' ' Thoy are abroad now— and safe ! ' — 'Yes.' 'And together?' — 'Yes — and together.' _ ' That dreadful old man ?' asked the girl, shuddering. ' It is not one of my fover-dreums, is it, that lie set fire to the north wing?' 'It is quite true, Norah.' ' He was uiad,' said the girl under her breath. 'Thore is little doulit that he was 3uito mod. Moro or loss so ho had no oubt boon for a long, timo. Constant iiiurtiid dwelling npon ono theme' hud unhinged his mina. Godfrey's return, and his rago and chagrin at being so beaten and eluded in his search must have brought on a crisis. It was liis madman's cunning which enabled him to secrete himself in the house as he did, though how lie obtained an entrance we shall never know now.' 'And ho meant to set tlie placo on fire ?' Hardly tiiat, I think. His object must have bcon to discover Godfrey. It was ho doubt, tlio night of— her — Una- ill his power that put firing the house into ins head.' Did ho escape? "Was ho saved?' Norah asked. my near, too tlatncs spread with frightful rapidity— tho north wing is in ruins. Had lie hud the wish to save himsolf, or tlio sense, I doubt whether he could havo done so. As it was, it was impossible,. By tlio time tiie engines arrived it was too late. Nothing was saved.' Norah understood tho stress laid upon tho last words, and shuddered again. Not only Desmond of Fintragh, but all that death hod left of Sir Auiyrald Ard more lmd perished in tho fire of tho nortli wing. ' Mrs. Sabine,' said Noraii after a pause, touching tlio white hand that lay near her own, ' thero is one other question that I want to ask you. Tell mo whore thoy have buried dear littlo Molly.' ' I think you can guess, Norah.' Noraii, meeting Mrs. Sabine's oyes ns sho rose, felt that sho could do so. Little poldon-huired Molly luy in tiio glade in tlio park, in tlio gravo which had novcr been filled until now.' Tlie girl's face showed that sho understood. Mrs. Sabino bent over her. ' I .said thoro was one other reason why I wonted to sco you, Norah. It was that I might fulfil a promise.' 'What is it?' i A promise tlmt I mode to Redmond before ho went away. Ho left you a uicssago— only a few words. Shall I givo it you dear.' 'Yes, please.' "Tell her,' ho said, "that, if I hove ever done anything to hurt or offend her that sho thought worth remembering, I hopo alio will forgot it, and forgiwme. loll her that as long as I livo I shall remember her and bo grateful to her and that nil my life sho must stand for mo apart from all other women in tlio world. It is so vory unlikely that I shall over seo her again that I should liko hor to know that. " With a kiss, Mrs. Sabino glided softly out of tho room. Norah lay as she had loft her, staring at the coiling blankly until Louiso camo back. At sight of tlio kind pretty faco bent over iicr, the <rirl started up with a littlo moaning cry, and stretching out her arms, flung them around hor friend s neck and sobbed. (to be continued.) Times Castles Cigarettes.—" Wh.t.v „ namo, a roso by any other namo would smell as swoot. ' True but a cigarette by anv ouTr namo than "Thrco Castles" does nut emeU as dlfl⪼ v.""8 60 ana 