MR. YATMAN'S MISSION. WELCOME MEETING IN THE Y.M.C.A.-HALL. A welcome meeting to tile Rev. C. II. Y'atman, of Now York, was held in the Y.M.C.A.-hall last night, and, despite the boisterous weather, there was a largo gathering of ladles and gentlemen. Archdeacon Lomgley presided, and among those uu rue piauurm wcro too itevs. 1' . uuesDury, I' . E. Harry, J, Dixon, W. Mai- tin, J. W. Moon, J. Dillon, Dr. Porter, J. Green, T. J. Curtis, Robert Day, A. E. Beilingham, E. Price, H. Miller, G. James, Sowerby, A. Miller, E. A. Noakes, G. Waldon, Messrs. E. Vlcltery, M.L.G., J. Kont, Wyrin, David "Walker (secretary of the Sydney Y.M.C.A.), J. J. Virgo (secrotary of the Adelaide Y.M.C.A.), Thornton Pearson (secretary of the Melbourne Y.M.C.A.), and E. K. Satchell. I Tho Archdeacon said tho meeting was twofold : in character They were thero to offer a warm welcome to Mr. Yatman, who they believed had' come to this city to do a special work ' for God here. Tbon they were to have special addresses, with tho object of stimulating them all to do their part In connection with the mission. They did not want to hear much about Mr. Yatman him self. Thoy wanted to hear something about tho work which was to be done, and how It was to be accomplished. Addresses by way of welcome and encourage- ! ment were delivered by the Rev. A. E. Belling- I ham, Mr. Wynn, the Rev. Dr. Porter, Mr. Virgo, i Mr. Thornton Pearsop, and Mr. David Walker., i Mr. Yatman, who was received with great ap- I plause, said tho Welcome made him feel sure that1 If they were truo to God, their mercies would bo j big and blessed. He was a great believer In the Anglo-Saxon raeo. If he had his way he would sow tho Union Jack and the Stars, and Stripes together, and over them he would write, "On earth peace and goodwill to men." (Applause.) | Ills mission was to make bad men good, and good ! men bettor. When addressing a meeting In Now York City after a visit to South Africa, ho told about seeing diamonds having been secured by a ; number of men. He. displayed half a dozen- on tissue paper, and they scintillated and sparkled with great brilliancy in tho gaslight. A lady i whose husband was rich, and wbo had purchased her a lot of jowellery, greatly admired the dia monds. She admitted she had nothing like them. People who knew he was poor wondered where he got them. They were "paste," and he got them for a shilling apiece. (Laughter.) Now, he did not want that mission to result in "paste dia monds." Ho wanted everything to bo pure and truo and lasting. Ho wanted such a revival as Sydney wanted, and such as God wanted for the city. (Applause.) If a mission was to he a suc cess, It would ho when thero was prayer that prevailed. They could not have a God-sent re vival which did not come from heaven. Revivals that wore genuine had to come down; they were not gotten up. (Applause.) In his travels round the world ho had found, oven In Russia, that underneath there was a crying in every man to bo good. Lot them endeavor to bring all people to God by His Gospel, that they would know that here they could ltvo like God wanted people to UYe — £Un of faith and joy, and full of tho Holy Ghost. (Applause.) The singing was led hv tho choir under Mr. J. "Walters, with Mr. T. II. Sapsford at the organ. 