T m UMOHIST. The wisest men will '"'afllv borrow. : From wit and mlrthi'surcease Irom sorrow. Happiness is like a kitten's tail— hard to catch; but there's plenty of fun in chasing it. Totrimy: "Pa, what . Is a pessimist?" Mr Figg: "He is a man who of two evils prefers both." Tom:. "What are the relations between you and Miss Cavendish?" Jack (gloom ily): "Her father and her mother." He (cautiously) : "What would you say, darling, if I should ask you to be my wife?" Darling: "Ask me and find out." Constance: "What lovely embroidery! And do you also paint?" Violet: "No, dear, I often envy you that accomplish ment." Biggs: "Is that Mr Cobb's wife with Mm on the tandem?" His Friend: ."Cer tainly. .Can't you .see she is doing all the work." . "Less than a year ago," she mused, "he said lie ivould lay down his life for. me, and now he won't even put up the window blinds!" "It is well to leave Something for those who come after us," as a man said who threw a barrel in the way of a constable who was chasing him. He: "We cannot sit on this bench. It Is freshly painted." She: "If you were really in lo.ve, as you say you are, you would never have noticed the paint." Professor "(to his wife): "I never know how to take you, Anielia. Two years ago you were dying for that hat, and now I've bought it you don't like it at ail!" "I wonder," said the superficial student, "why so many women fail to marry?" "I haven't asked", them," answered the young man who carries a pocket mirror. Mr Sappy: "Smart? Why, she. has bwains enough- for -two, . Miss Mawy." She: "Has she? Then she is just the girl you ought to marry, Mf Sappy." "Why do you pay, visits in the morn ing?" "Why, all the other women are busy in their: houses, and it is so funny.; to see them" try to appear glad to see me." "I cannot understand ze language," said the despairing Frenchman. "I iearn how to pronounce ze word 'hydrophobia,' and zen I learn zat ze doctors sometimes pronounce it fatal!" Iltey: "Please, farder, give me a penny for icecream, I am so- hot." Father: "Ikey, mem shop, dat is a vaist of money. I vill tell you a fine ghost shtory dat vill make your blood run cold." . ' "A horse ran away with my brother yesterday, and he'll be laid up for two months." "Yes?" "Well, I know a fellow who ran away, with- a horse . yesterday, and he'll be laid up for two years." Her Mother: "I think that Mabel has a slight leaning towards this young Mr Smith." Her Father: "Slight? Great Ecott, woman, you ought to have seen them on the front doorstep last night!" "Mr Seatterton prides. himself on being strictly impartial." "Yes," answered the amiable man; "I once went hunting with him. He didn't seerrrto care whether he hit the rabbit, the dog, or one of his friends." ' ' |" ' . Young Lady: "How much?" Telegraph , Clerk: "Sixpence." "For that one word ?" "Yes. Samatharge for twelve words, or less. You can repeat tlte Tes' six times If you wish.' "Dm— no ;that . wouldn't Jook well, it Is an answer to a proposal of marriage." Young Husband: What is it, darling ? Do you want some , money? , Young r' ' .Wife: Yes; but I won't take any from : you, dear, because you told me you hadn't much at the bank. If you'll write five pounds on one of those little pifas of pink paper, I'll take it to the butcher and get the money. He can afford It better than you. Clearest. The other day a lady went into a shop and asked if they sold a cure for corns. The young man said no, but he could give a recipe his mother often told him of, and he said, "Get some cheese and roast it, rub it on the corns, and if there are any mice in the room they will come and nibble them off." 