PARLIAMENTARY NEWS. NEW SOUTH WALES. tBy Blsctrlc MegrapU.] , SrDNfiy, FArUary 21. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The special federation session of Parlia iuent was opened at noon to-day by the Qsrernor with a ceremonial of an accus tomed and elaborate character. The Governor's Speech reviewed what had been done. Since the referendum was taken on the Commonwealth Bill It appeared to the Ministry that the Governments of the other colonies had gone so far towards meeting the objections urged in New South Wales that further delay and apposition to the completion of the great work of waHnrial union was ilot now tea sonable. In their opinion the momentous question was at last fairly narrowed down to ail issue between those who really desire federal union and those who do not. After tie reading of the Governor's Speech, the House adjourned until three o'clock. On resuming, The adoption of the Address-in- Beply was moved by Mr. Whiddon, and, seconded by ijr. Hahosv: Mr. Barton followed, strongly exporting the Enabling K1L He did not tfl&k; the Premier could have got more at the Pre miers:' Conference than he did, but he was Borry 'Braddon'e Wof'Vas left, because it was an excrescence.in the Commonwealth Bill, and ilid not afford the guarantee ex pected by the colonies. He regretted the hundred-mile limitation of the federal capi tal from Sydney. The general opinion of tie people of New South Wales was that the capital ought to be in New South WhIml The whole matter might have been left to the Federal Parliament. It was certainly not meant by any of the Premiere that the Federal Parliament should meet in Melbourne longer than was necessary to provide the proper accommodation, lie was chid the referendum was not to be ham nered in any way, as he was convinced that the amendments had made the bul ac ceptable bv an overwhelming majority by tto people of New South Wales. He appealed to tic bpposition to support the Enabl.ng bill, which was by no means a party mea sure. He threw out a suggestion that the con troversy regarding the site of the federal capital ought to form the ''bJ«t «? an independent inquiry. Mr. Reid had ap ?-arenUv worked hard for union at the con ference,' and he offered the Premier his con gratulations. He suggested that in. view of the disasters caused by the drought the 'Government before the close of the special session might consider whether legislation was not possible to be introduced for the ielief of the existing distress of farmers ana others. . , . ,, Mr. Reid, after rcilir.ica.ling the .jndly feline expressed 'J' Ml- 1VlM' proceeded S5? S£ SerS-«nvinJlet.Sdhlld 7& 'icSir.n of the federal capital been left to, the Federal Parliament it would have been fi\ed in Melbourne The capital would re quire to be in a cool climate. He knew the ' fwlings ol some of the Premiers in that: respect. With regard to the hundred-mile' limit, that was unable to be avoided, for' Sir George Turner, as the representative of o rival capital, would never allow Sydnev! tj bave that honour and prestige. The1 criticism of the liundreri-niiiv limit reallyj ciime from those desirous of seeing fedora-] tion defeated. The retention of u BraddonV blot ' necessarily involved* a high tariff. Under any circumstances ti-'C bulk ui tbc icvenuc would be raised from. Customs dulies, hut there would be an inducement to the Federal Treasurer to impose direct taxation. The new federal expenditure was Tut down at £400,000. It was absurd to suppose, as some alleged, th.it there would be an additional expenditure of £250,000 on defences. The Commonwealth would Like £10,000,000 worth of property, and there would be new expenditure at il,000,--00, the interest on the whole of wfcich would amount to £400j)00 a-year. With Queensland included, the burden of frtlenstion was reduced, and the n'onev would go much further. He was unable ti overlook the fact that there must be a high Customs tariff. That was one of the sacri fices he was prepared to make for federa tion. The question of taking over the d.!l-ts f-nd the railway* was discussed ai the conference. He told the Premie* s he did not think the people of New South Wales would stand it. He found the other Piemit-rs had the same objection. He got so much from the conference that he now felt he could not break the federation move ment dewn. It was now a question of ac «pting tlie settlement offered or brcakmj; olf federal negotiations. The bill was not oi'ly fair, but it was the only reasonable settlement now possible. Mr. Story thought the financial cliusc: of the Commonwealth Bill formed a stand ing monument of incapacity. He rather thought the capital was lost to New South Wales. For the purpose of testing the sin cerity of the Premier, he moved an amend nifnt on clause 3, in favour ef the'reduction of the members of the Assembly by one third, also of their parliamentary allow Several members followed, and the debate was adjourned. SYDNEY, February 22. Addra4s*in-fieply. Mr. Hughes compared the argnmentsof Mr. Beldonfederatioomow with UloBehenrged some months twek. He arid Mr. Reid would ban been a. great 'statesman if he hod been Don- dumb,. but the ghosts of bis deid epeechu were coniinaa!fy ruing to challenge him He intended to vote to send the Bill to th- people, bat he would move an amendment that the Bill was not to be binding unlec Queenslund joined the federation, as i Queensland tfid net join it would be impos sible -o exclude black lalonr. Mr. Hftyoes Baid aa a democrat he must vote fur sending the Bill 'to the people, but be would take care the people were informer of the dangers and difficulties that wer- likely to arise frtftn the pass)Bg of th measure and so curtailing the power of -Hi people lo govern themselves. He aiurte chat tboee who spoke most valiantlv abac federation were most bitterly opposed to a! reforms. Mr. Nidd compared Mr. Beid at the cod ference to the man who 'went to Jericho an fell among thieves. He styled the Premie as the dynamltord of free trade. The debate generally -ru of a desolton character. Mr. Beid was » good deal criti cised with regard to his shifty policy. Mr. Lyne asked Mr. Storey lo withrfrar his amendment. . Mr. Storey refused, but allowed it to b. oegativeq on the voices. The motion for the adoption of th Addreas-in-Repiy was then, carried. SYDNEY, February 23. In the Legislative Assembly to-day. The Enabling Bill was laid on the table cf the House to-day. It contains the Common weilth Bill with the cUnses objected to 61 rucl oat and the proposed amendments iatroducefl The measure provides that the voting tbrongh out New South Wale* ehall be taken in od. electoral district. The holders of elector*: rights are entitled to vote at any pclHnf place, the majority of votes deciding the aaestion. No farther action will be taken if the Constitution i« rejected. If two colo nies in addition to New .-outh Wales *cc£|r the Bill, both Houses may adopt addresses t- the Qaeen praying that the Conctitaiioi mignt be passed into law by the Imperial erliament apon receipt of similar addresser from the Parliaments of those two colonies. Mr. Htynes nrged the Government to take extreme steps to relieve the existing distrear, which was - almost beyond . belief in tbi drought-stricken districts. The Premier said the Government ooald not hesitate to give speedy relief io all case* where the distress through trout of water was made knoan. Mr. Meagher hoped the Pnmicr uouM give the Hoose a detinite oaaunuice, as fnr a New South Wales was concerned, that not n-:e penny of the 1SOO0 claimed by the N. « Guinea syndicate ia London would bo i-aid The Premier replied that no promue ha.l been made to pay any fium. Ine claim - Mould simply be considered l-y (he Agtols (jeneral in Londoit, and if too syndicate h.ui juBt claims for compensation for money aclti ally out of pocket, they no doubt wonld bu able to submit to such, bat at present the) seemed to be oDly makiog 'demands for brg sums which would not be entertained for one The Enabling Bill was read a first tune, and the second reading was fixed for Tuesday next. .. The House then adjourned, V 