Day Hold on. Eternal I4fe; Sbbkon by Late Ret. 0. H. Spubgeon.' Lay hold ou eternal lite.— 1 Timothy, vi. 12. . I am going now to take this exhortation, and press it upon you, asking God to bless it. " Lay hold oh etoiiial life." 1\. First, what is. eternal lifo? In attempt ing to answer this question, I remark what should he perfectly obvious ; it is n gift of God, the fruit of a Divine operation upon the heart. One'of the first uteres of the grace of God is to put within us eternal life. No man oan create it, either in himself; or in his fellow-men. Just as our physical life was bestowed upon us upart from any effort of our own, the Divine life cannot he evolved by any dovioe of man ; it mutt be imparted by the Spirit of God. At first, God created man, " and breathed into his uostrils the breath of life ; and man became a living soul"; and when, in Christ, man becomes a. new creation, the work is as wholly andlas really God's. It is profane as well as foolish to seek to be saved by giving to God instead of reoeiving from Him, or by anything wo can bring to attempt to hay this life eternal. This is to imitate Simon .Magus, to whom Peter said, " Thy money perish with thee, becaneo thou hast thought that the gift of, God may he pnrahased with money." Neither with money nor with ceremonies Can it bo parohoscd. It is purely aud solely the gift of God by Jesus Christ. "The wages oi sin is death ; but tho gift"— the free gift — "of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord " Eternal life is a pleasant possession. When, we are born again, it is " not of corruptible seed, .but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which livetti nnd abidetli for ever." It is a, gift of God — s gift not reserved for the future, but given now, the moment a sinner believes in Christ. One of the first tokens of eternal life boiug given is the cry of prayer, and then come ropantanoe of sin and faith in our Lord Jesus. This is eternal life— tho gift of God, and a present possession. Have you received it ? 1 do not ask you whether you .know' exactly the day or the hour when yuu received it, but are you alive unto God with u life you had not fay. nature, but which has beeu planted in. you by God the Holy Spirit?.' This life is, in faot, the life, of God . in tlio soul. Tho Holy Spirit comes and breathes God's life into dead men. ."(ghere is 'nothing everlasting in itself hut God, and there is no life that is .everlast ing except that whioh cornea from the ever lasting Gne. The gift of God is not only the gift God gives, but God is the gift that is given. He it . ib who breathes into us this eternal life, whioh is rtally ' Christ living in ns, Ho himself is " that eternal lifo which was ivitli tlie Father, and was manifested unto us." The Holy Ghostoonies und dwells in tho mim. . " We will cumo to him," bays Christ, " and take up Our abode with him." The -..Father,.-,, tlie Son, and the Holy Ghost, eaoh in a certain 1 way; dwell withiu the nmn'; ho becomes a temple of tho Holy .Ghost, and "so he. is alive unto God. Again, eternal life is a lifo which never dies. Wo Bpeak-'very positively here. Eternal life cannqt havo ' an end. 2 If it. can coinp to 'un end hy. any process whatever,, then it . is not 'eternal. . This' is.' as ulear as the words can mako it. The life,,, then, which God gives to every soul in its regeneration,' can never die; out.-' Hear these words of Christ; '.'My sheep hear my' voice, and I know thorn, and tliey follow Me ; and I give unto them otenmllife ; and they .shall never perish, neither shall any man pluok them out of My hand." See you, then, what a blessing is.youi-s if you hayo reoeived tlie gift of God ? If by grace you iiavo received life through Jesus Christ, you have a lifo which will never die, a life which will outlast' the sun and moon. You will see this world turn to a black coal ; you will see all things else ex pire ; but your life and the life of God shall run on for ever and ever. Well might Paul urge Timothy and well may we urge you, to lay hold on suoh a life as this ! And this is tho record, that God hath given to Us eternal life, and this life' is in His Son. He that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Sou of God hath not life," 2\. In the second plaoo. the apostlo tolls us to "lay hold on " eternal life. The Spirit of God lays hold of us, in order that we may lay hold on eternal life. How are we enabled to do this? First, if you would grasp this gift, believe in it as true. The very begin ning of our hope is when the Lord loads us to. behove that there ia suoh a thing as eternal life : and that it ie a tangible-, thing— not a .dream or a vision, but a reality to be laid hold .of. Christ can strip you of tlio gruveolothes of sin, ' and raise you from your tomb. The words whioh Christ once' addressed to Martha sound still in onr ears : " I am the Resurrection and the Life; be that bolieveth in Me, though he were dead, yet shall he live ; and whosoever liveth and beliovotli in Me shall never die, Beliovest thon this f" Answer this quo-tion of my Master, "Boliovest thou this?" If thou dost,' there is hope that thou shalt yet bo it. partaker of His grace. Nothing can hinder when Ho begins to' work. Though you feel us if you did not feel at nil ; though you seem parulysed, and unable to repent or to believe ; this life shall ho given unto you, and it shall bo given unto you now, if you look unto Him who was lifted up upon the cress that 'J whosoever bolieveth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life." But you do not lay hold of a thing by simply believing thoro ie such a thing. You must go farther. You must appropriate it. There is a book, und I boliovo that it is thoro ; bnt if anybody told mo that it was a present for ino, and said, "AU that you havo to do in order to huve it is to lay hold upon it," I should understand that lio meant not only that I was to believe in its existence, but that I was to tako itup and oarry it home; with mo. "That is 'how you are to "lay hold on eternal lifo." Strange us it is, this is q thing whioh, though it is so simple, we' cannot . make .awakened sinners under stand. That eternal lifo is God'z free gift put within their reauh, and that thoy are to take hold of it for their own salvation seems harder for some to grasp than if it were the' most intrieato puzzle. . Yet this is, perhaps, the olearost ospoot of the great matter or salva tion. It was Dr. Ohtuinora, I think, who iised to say that ho had no such comfort in the Gospel as when he viowod it us a simple offer an tho ono side, and a simple aeceptanuo on the other. The Lord who hasboen chasten ing you, and making you feel your.sinner- ship, and showing you that you . aro con demned, and only fit to din, says now, "Lay hold on eternal life. Boliove in the Lord Jesus Christ. Take Him to be yours. Accept him us your substitute, . bearing the death justly your due; and having given His lifo for yon, now giving it to- you. Mako tho exohange. Christ took yonr death ; take His life. He bore your ill ; take His good. Appropriate it. Lay hold on eternal life." When people are sinking in the water, and thoro is a lifebuoy or a rope near, they do not noed much exhorting to lav hold npon'it, or any elaborate explanation of the way. They simply grip anything that gives them half a hope of being saved from tho devouring deep. Now, soul, thou urt not to bring anything with thee. - That would be to, fill thy hand, and then thou couldst not lay hold of any thing olse. Thou art to ooma empty-banded, just as thou art, to Christ, who is sot before tbee. Bo hold enough to take Him, und lot Him bo thine. Thou noedest no worthiness. How couldst tfaou be worthy of Him ? He gives Himself freely to thine un- worthlness and sinnershlp. Confess these, and lay hold on eternal life. And then, furthermore, stay yourself upon it. If you believe in Christ there is a life within you like the lifo of God, whioh will never die ; a life within you whioh will bring you to stand before the glorious throne of Christ, "without spot, or wrinkle, or jpuy suok thing/' Do not,' thorefore, ever give up hope;; Do. riot be staggered by what you may have ..to'. suffer hore. In tna. miilsr. of all tho agony of the way, stay your'heurt upon God, and upon tlie 'grift Ho hath given'' you "Lay hold on eteriial life.", C If between hero und heaven- yuu'oould he" burned, as a martyr every day, it would W ..worth your while to hear if,/ laying .hold on '.eternal .. life, Further, 'I think,' .".that the apostle? by tho bxhortetion, "-L#y': hold on eternal life." meant let other fApjjs go. Here is a brother, lately obnvhrted, who has been acoustomod to keep his Shop 'open oil Sundays. He lives in a street where the. host business is to bo.'dono . on that day. and if he Bhuts up his shop he will very ' likely, be' . ii .great loser; What should be do ? I tliaiik God that tho man hus hot risked anybody what ho should do; he lfas done the right thing and trusted in Iris God. The apostle seems to say, "Lot any thing olse go, lot everything else go ; but lay hold on oteinril life. Hold you to that. "Oh, hntT should lose a living!" Yes, hut if you lost n, living and saved your lifo, what would you lose.'?. ..Huve you heard of ouo wlio hud a brig'. Of gold on .hoard a- ship coming home frqm Australia. Tho ehip was sinking, and lio/vont down to his cabin, put as' muoli gold/'jfo h'o.'.conld into' a,,belt.: arid /then ". .fastened / tho belt ' 'around his waist. .Wheri he leaped for the boat, and missed, jt, it wos not possible to pick him up, for he suqk with the weight of his own gold round his loins. ' There was no hope for him ; hie treasure was his ruin. Arid many a man, in like manner,' is by all his toil but prepar ing safe destruction for himself ; toiling and working hard only that he may effectually ruin his own soul. Let these things go. "For what is a man advantaged, if ho gain the whole world uud lose bimsolf, or bo'enst away?" Even for the fleeting life of tho body a man will sacrifice all, thankful if he criu get out of tho .burning house alive, though all his worldly goods be 'destroyed ; - glad to escape , from . . tho hands' of brigands, though they strip him of every possession. "All that a man bath will ho give for his lifo." If this be. wise for a transient, life, haw muoh more for the life whiab is eternal ! We shall be gainers by losing everything, if by the loss we gain overlssting bliss. Let oil that , opposes go— friends, kindred, com fort, this, present,, life. Let them all go, ifbytbe sacrifice wo may more firmly lay holdon eternal life. To keep that and hold fast to it amidst the stress of temptation, is tho main business, of the Christian man. "Lay bold on etornai life." And it means in my text more thuii that. Fight, and as you fight lay hold upon tho victory. While you are running for heaven often anticipate the joys of heaven. 3\. Who are the . .people that ought chiefly to lay hold of otornal life ? Those who are called; This is tlie reason the apostle gives to Timothy whereuntotbou urt also called. " Beloved, some of .you have been oallcd. A hoy stood at my window this afternoon who had como upon an errand. Suddenly he ran away, and Ithought, "What made him go?'! I fouud out that though I had not heard the voice, someone had called him ; aud therefore lie was gone. Imitate that boy. Go about this world us moil who have been called by a voice that nobody .has hoard hut ynu. Has God called you to Himself ? Ho moans you to oome uwuy from yuur old self, nnd cease to live tho old life ; Ho would have you lay hold on life eternal, . God never singles us out in this ; way unless He moans to blass us. He never says, "Soekyo Myfaco" in vain. Has God culled you out from umorig meu? Do you feci what your, parents and friends at Lome do not feel? Is there a cull to you liko that call, "Sumuol, Samuel/' and huvu you. responded, "Hero ami; for Thou didst' call me. Speak ; for Thy servant henroth ?" Oh, if God has favoured you with a Bpooial ancl effeotuol pull then luy hold on otornal life with you? wholo heart, and soal, and never let it go'i Come whut may, resolve that you will hold to this gift of God in lifo, iu death, and throughout eternity. 