he Rokewood Tragedy. i ? i ? ir. Rokewood Makes his Will. A Strange Request. ! CHAPTER III. TIIK MISSING 1IEI11. tcvly hurried back to town, is the senior member of the law linn of Wiverly and ing — a firm that had done ;ss in a certain city that shall nele.s-; here. thirty years these gentlemen md the management of the : Kokewood estate. And now ! hie master of that vast pro !-;id gone where riches and I availeth not Mr. Wivorly it it incumbent upon the firm nil duo tribute to the memory e station of the deceased, iv were no mourners for Rtike He had been too proud and Mi'ing to make a sincere His temper had been too ;d liis disposition to revenge t niiv oii(! over to liavo loved ;11 enough to shed a tear for : death. r generations in succession an A had succeeded to the broad Smiled Rokewood. Like all ^11 of his race, the dead man Lmed young ; like them, too, ot a young man, ho buried - o in the vaults of Rokewood ' . where lay the dead-and- ' ^iterations of his powerful '? where later on he had stood eked his last farewell at his '? ;ad son, the last male heir of ! je: where he now claimed for i1-' the everlasting darkness 1 see of the tomb. Hto earth and dust to dust. - iierly could not help but : responsibility of his position rarneyed back to town. ;wood had died without his will, and the vast es e pride of the whole country as literally begging an heir, s was an lieiv to Rokewood — girl, born nineteen years be Wansinore jail. Wiverly would have given -1 right hand if at that : he could have laid it upon s-ing girl and brought her 1 as the mistress of Roke Jluch as Iiokowood had io defraud her from having s rights, strong as his inten liad been to put his wealth rom an}' claim she might pon it, his object had been 1 by death. Whatever the had meant his vengeance ne after he had bidden fare earth was frustrated now by signed will. will being void, the law ake its natural course, and I arse would be to place the l the power and possession nvful heir. nly thing that worried the : was the whereabouts of u beautiful restitution,' he j a ueauuuu rusiibuuou. pie Deane's poor, despised fw inherits one of the most f fortunes in the country. It Hi to make Rokewood turn I his coffin ; but she shall i~ rights. She shall have her lie repeated firmly, ' and ! bo produced, if we have to lory man, woman, and child runcrican continent to bring I lato when Mr. Wiverlv re » town, but he was used to s, and, besides, there was be done. rent immediately to the er's and ordered him to go food at once and make tho ' arrangements for the t its late master, lie went to bis own snug ere he sat down and tried some plan for immediate His partner was long since in bed, and Mr. Wiverly could hear certain nasal strains issuing from the sacred precincts of his partner's place of retirement which proclaimed his condition plainly enough. ' Wopping's asleep, as usual,' muttered Wiverly, ' but I'll call him, anyway. He rose hastily, and knocked at a door near him. The (inn of Wiverly and Wopping occupied lodgings contiguous to their oflicc. They were^both elderly bachelors, noted for their personal integrity and fidelity to business. Their place of business and sleep ing apartments were on the second floor of a great brick structure that had been originally built for mer cantile purposes ; but long and long ago, as the city had grown larger and its people more fashionable, the stores and shops had moved ono by one into grander quarters, and tho old ' brick ' had been gradually transformed into offices and lodg ings, and finally givon over wholly to that vast army of lawyers, and doctors, and clerks, and artists, and printers — that great brainful, bus}' ^lass — which constitutes the world of Bohemia. Wiverly knocked lightly on the door ; ' Wooping,' said he, softly, ' get up.' ' Don't bother me,' returned a sleepj' voice, ' but do go away. I shan't bo able to catch tho forty winks nature requires if you insist on knocking like that.' By way of answer Wiverly pushed open tho door and sat upon the bed. 'I have just returned from Rokewtrod,' said he, with meaning emphasis. AVnnniTirr cfn.i'fncl nn. 'Well?' ' Ho is dead !' 'You don't say so?' ' He died while I was there.' ' He signed the will, of course.' ' No.' Mr. Wopping was ' very wide awake now. ' You know that I had drawn a new will for him ?'J ' Oh, yes.' ' He died before ho could write his name to the bottom of it.' ' And that great property ? ' ' As a natural result, that pro nertv now reverts to the one who rightfully should have it — that poor child.' Mr. Wopping got out of bed and began to pull on his clothes. ' Yes,' assented he, ' to that poor child ; though there might as well not be a poor child in that case, for all that we know of her, or her whereabouts. She may bo dead for anything wo know to the contrary.' ' I don't think she is dead,' said Wiverly. ' 1 tell you that I be lieve in God, and God's justice is such that sooner or later that child will be restored to her heritage.' Mr. Wopping jammed first one foot into a slipper and then the other. ' Too many years have gone by since her disappearance for us to hope of finding her now. In my opinion, we don't stand the ghost of a show for bringing her forward at this late day. It is tho eleventh hour, as it were ; besides, think how many experts have failed in their efforts to trace her. I tell you thero is nothing but failure for us.' ' Wo won't argue that point, for I realize the difficulties of the situa tion — none more so. Come out into the office while I tell you of tho new plan I have studied up.' ' In the first place,' said Wiverly, sitting down with his feet on the fender, whore a small fire was burning cheerily, ' the reward which Rokewood has kept standing all these years for the capture of l»is daughter-in-law is to be doubled. Thisjis at his own dictation, mind you, and is a stipulation in bis will.' ' But if ho did not sign that document it is worth less than tho paper it is written upon.' ' I am awaro of that fact.' ' Woll '?' 'I purposo complying with the directions in regard to tho reward. But I also purpose that hand in hand with that additional reward shall go tho announcement of Roke wood 's death ? ' ' Very good, so far !' — ' coupled with a demand that the child — tho heiress to Rokewood — shall now come forward and claim her rightful inheritance.' Wopping laughed. 'You're a droll one, you are,' said he. ' Do you expect to catch Catherine through her maternal anxieiy to establish her daughter's pecuniary interests on their proper basis? Fie, your innocence is amusing. 'What woman with a price upon her life would put in a claim to property for her child, though that property were twice the value of Rokewood ? Hero is her own inheritance lying idle and accumu lating year after year becauso she dare not claim it without perilling her liberty and her life.' 'In the second place,' went on Wiverly, nothing daunted by his partner's unfavorable criticism, ' I don't believe that Catherine is guilty of the murder of her husband. On his death-bed Rokewood dropped words which created the doubt in my mind — though I always belie ved that if she did kill him it was acci dentally done, and not intentionally, as Rokewood testified at the time of her trial. ' Now, then, you've hit it. 1'f wo could find some means by which we might establish her innocence and get a pardon for her we might then stand a show to find the child. But, so long as Catherine is under sen tence of death, she will keep out of the law.' ' In the third place,' said Wiverly with marked emphasis, ' I have made up my mind to bring a celebrated detective from the North, and put him on the trail. If there is a secret hidden away there in Rokewood's dead bosom depend upon it that his old servant knows it, but he is bound not to divulge it without Rokewood's consent, and that is now impossible. A skived detective will soon get at the bottom facts. I have thought of telegraph ing for one at onco.' ' We have already exhausted the skill of the best detectives, and what did it all amount to 1' said Wopping. ' But as managers of that great and valuable property wo must do something towards finding the legal heir.' ' That is true.' ' And the man I speak of has certainly done some remarkable feats in detective work. We can let him try the case, surely, and find out what ho can do.' ' Yes,' returned Wopping, with a sigh, ' he can do no more than fail, as all the others have done be fore him,' ' I don't believe he will fail,' said Wiverly, stoutly. ' What is tho name of this man you speak of — and where is h* home V ' His home is in Chicago, and his name is Captain AVilliain Turtle.' 'Nover hoard of him, 'said Wop ping, indifferently ; ' but send the dispatch, and when you send it mention tho reward. It may have a stimulating effect upon his de tective powers. .Such things do sometimes.' AYiverlv wrote hastily, and tear ing'ofl' the sheet he picked up his hat.' ' I'll send it to-night,' he said : ' the sooner tho batter, and as I shan't be back for some time, per haps, you had better not sit up for me, but go to bed again.' 1 CHAPTER IV. THE NOBODY. However, Mr. Wopping did not aot immediately upon his friend's perfectly disinterested advice and go to bed. Instead, ho sat down boforo tho cheerful little firo that burned up brightly and clearly in tho polished steel grate, with his slippered feet resihig comfortably on the shining tender, and his thoughts travelling into the bygone past. As he sat dreaming by the firo by degrees he becamo conscious of tho slow and shuffling motions of a pair of feet in tho room above him. Forward and backward, back ward and forward, went tho feet, never faster, never slower. Just how long this motion had been going on before it attracted Mr. Wopping's attention ho could not have told, though it must have been for some time. ' Poor Bane,' said Wopping, with a sigh. ' He must be worse to-night. Ill, and poor, and friend less, ho is indeed to be pitied.' Walk, walk, walk. The incessant shuttling over the lloor was becoming unbearable. Wopping seized a walking-stick and gave three distinct raps on the ceiling. Tho raps were answered. Evi dently a code had been established by which the raps were intelligible to the occupant of the sky-parlour. Wopping struck the ceiling again, lightly this time. The steps ceased, then began again' A door opened, closed, and somebody passed out into tho pas sage. Mr. Wopping's quick ear detected the sound. He smiled, rose quickly, and placed a fat bellied kettle on the hob. The feet were now descending the staircase, evidently pausing now and then as a fit of coughing shook tho person. Mr. Wopping shook his old head knowingly as the shuttling steps sounded nearer his own door. He whisked out some tumblers ar. i a paper of whito sugar from a m .terious drawer in the green baize-covered table. Then big yello v lemons in delicate folds of tissue paper were next placed b}' the side of the sugar. A suspicious looking bottle filled with a clear, amber-hued lluid, that reminded one of brandy more than anything else, ho held in his hand as the door opened and an attenuated figure shambled into the cozy rooms. ?' By the Lord Harry !' cried Mr. Wopping, cheerily. ' I was so tired of sitting hero alone that, when I heard your footsteps overhead there, I determined to call you down, and make you stay until Wiverly re turns.' ' Don't seek to disguise your kindness to me in that way,' said the Nobody, in a trembling voice. ' I'm afraid my coughing annoys you, It annoys mo often enough.' ' Take a seat and bo comfortable,' said Mr. Wopping, hospitably. ' I'll fix up a ' night-cap ' for you that will make you sleep and dream that you aro in heaven.' ' Oh ! that I might not only dream it but awake to find it true.' ' Tush ! nover say die,' cried Wopping, blithely. Tho new-comer sat down and ; spread his thin bands to the blaze. His frail figuro was lost in the I loose folds of tho ill-fitting garments. that enveloped it, and a few thin locks of reddish hair strayed out from under the broad rim of his felt hat. A pair of glasses concealed his eyes, and a straggling beard, well streaked with groy, streamed down over his waistcoat. He looked what he was, old and ill, and very poor. ' Haven't I told you,' said Mr. Wopping, half-playfully, half severely, ' that you are not to go tramping up and down your room all night long ! Why, man, you ought to bo in bed, and get all the sleep you can. Your disease is such that lato hours servo only to help it along.'. ' Let it do its very worst,' said Bane, indifferently. ' I have told you, these ten years, that life is a burden to me, and I say it again. Let death come. The sooner it comes the better for me.' 'You aro despondent,' said Wopping, as he lifted the copper tea-kettle from tho hob. 'Now, I'll be bound that you haven't eaten a mouthful during tho last four-and twenty hours. I have noticed that, whon your restless spells como on, you don't stop tramp ing long enough to eat so much as it would tako to keep a fly alive, lot alone a man.' 'No,' returned Bane, with a smile. ' Sometimes I think but for your friendly exertions ou my behalf I would never swallow another mouthful of anything. Accept the fact that I do eat to please you as an acknowledgment from ine that your kindness is not entirely lost, oven when oxpended upon a nobody like Matthew Bane.' Air. Wopping was rolling tho lemons 'briskly on his knee. He suddenly pushed aside tho papers that littered the table, and squeez ing the juice of the . lemons into tliif glasses, poured in a little cf the brandy, added some lumps of the sugar, and filled tho tumblers up with hot water. From some placo only known to himself he brought forth some meat and bread and a bit of cheese. ' Now, Matthew,' said he, with a hearty good-humor, ' sit up here by the tnblo with ine, and put your self outsido of a glassful of this mixture. It isn't strong, man. I remember your peculiar aversion to strong liquors. It is only lemon and water, with a dash of brandy in it. I got the formula from, a celebrated physician, who declared there was nothing equal to it, in its own particular way, and I believe him.' Bano drew up his chair, and sipped slowly from tho glass of steaming liquid Wopping pushed towards him. His manner was shy and repellent. '? Are you busy nowadays V' asked Wopping, filling up his own glass again. ' Not particularly,' answered Bane, shrinking down nearer the firo; 'I wish I were.' ' We shall have some copying for you to-morrow, if you feel well enough to do it.' ' I shall be only too glad to get it,' said Bane, eagerly, ' and, though my health is wretched, I am far happier when busy with some light employment.' ' Have you no friends, Matthew, with whom you might spend the remainder of your days in peace and comfort? Pardon me if I again touch upon what seems to bo a pain ful topic to you. But your ill health and loneliness must be my excuse. You seem to be so utterly alono in tho world that my heart aches for you-' ' I have no friend save yourself, sir,' said the Nobody, faintly, ' and deem mo not unthankful if I say that I desire none. Let mo lire alone and die alone, as I must — and wish to.' He shrank away from the table, and sat, a heap of shivering, shabby garments, in the shadowy corner near the fire. Mr. Wopping sighed. If anybody had asked him — and no one ever had asked him — to ex plain his reasons for taking such an interest in the poor outcast tho | kind-hearted lawyer could not have I givon one. Mr. Wopping was a philanthropist in the broadest sense, and it was enough for him to know that here was a fellow-being who needed his care and attention. The lawyer had begun the ac quaintance himself, and made the first overtures towards a friendship which was apparently but a one sided friendship afte'r all. (To be Continued.) 