t«£ GHOST AT TAHTALLOK* AN AUSTRALIAN CHRISTMAS STORY. BY W.W. Said Colonel Poyntz, tlie new proprie tor of Tantallon Station property, to his friend, Mr Here ward, as they sat on the Verandah of the new homestead, “Could there be a wider difference between this and the scenes in which we spent our last Christmas?” “Scarcely, it is very beautiful, but dreadfully weird-looking and lonely. Those plains to the right seem to be in terminable, and the far line of hills are like the hazy clouds at sea that make landsmen believe they are laud. That dark bushkmd seems grim enough to he the haunt of evil things, and the creek winding down there amid its fringe of wattle and rush, gleams in the moon light like a writhing serpent. You won't like to live much at Tantallon, Poyntz.” The Colonel laughed. “Xo; I!iu a gre garious being. But the old Hall at home was lordly in its way too. 1 think I see it now, with the snow lying heavy on the park, and weighing down the brandies rfiT t'*” ”1'1 +~Tgg-8'* (dupg;hy.ard,. ITMk Christmas Eve, Here ward,'‘and the lights will be blazing to-night from every win dow in the old .Hall. There will be holly and ivy in every corner, aye, and mistle toe, and wassail will be drunk with many a ‘Hail!’ and ghost stories will be told while the Yule log is blazing. Iiy the way, I suppose there are no ghostly legends in Australia; the country is too young.” “It is as old as ours, and the natives have known it. I can fancy the spirits of the dark race stalking over the plains that were once their own, and wailing the coming of the paleface, who had al most exterminated their race, with his train of disease and drink.” Again light-hearted Colonel Poyntz laughed. “You had always a romantic vein in you, Here ward. I never even Believed in the family ghost at Poyntz Hall.” “I didn't know there was one.” “You may ask my mother about that. She believes as firmly in it as does every one of the old servants. A famous an cestor of owl’s, who was beheaded in the time of the second Charles, is in the habit of perambulating the terrace on the anniversary of his death, with his head under his arm. Now could absur dity go farther than such a belief V -Jacob,” and the Colonel called to an elderly man who was passing the end of the verandah at that moment. “Yes, sir.” “Have you any ghosts in Australia?” “You needn’t go far to find one, sir. There’s one appears down below at Old Tantallon.” ‘•"Where's that.- ’ “The old homestead, sir, where old Duncan used to live when he squatted "here and for years after. You can see the place there to the right, sir, near the creek among them trees/’ “A ghost at Tantallon! There you are, Hereward, I hope you are satisfied. Is it the ghost of a blackfellow, Jacob?” “No, sir: it’s the spirit of a white man, and a spirit that has the right to appear, for in the body he was murdered. You needn’t laugh at it, Colonel Poyntz, for it’s true, and I’ve seen the spirit of James Wilson myself.” “Then there can be no possible doubt that there is a ghost at Tantallon.” re turned the colonel; “so sit you down there and tell my friend, Mr Hereward, the story. As for me, I have some let Htt!,1 'ui.iiiuft'. iw'ga Vu ‘V'f nf.. , thpj way while you tell it.” Jacob Smith sat down on the edge of the verandah, and, having satisfied himself that Mr Hereward really wish ed to hear the story, began it promptly. •‘It’s nearer thirty than twenty year ago since old Duncan came here, and squatted on Government land, and from the beginning he had James Wil son, another elderly Scotchman, with him. I think they were partners, but I’m not sure. I’ve been on Tantallon ten years myself now. and it’s five since old Duncan dieu. For four years Wil son’s ghost has appeared at the old homestead every Christmas Eve, and ’twill appear till his body is found and buried.” .“It is not old Duncan's ghost, then?” “No, sir. I’m going to tell you all about it. Old Duncan was one of the meanest men that ever lived, and be grudged himself the very bite lie ate. There were continual rows between him and Wilson, who didn’t believe in being stinted of food, clothes and Tiacca. However it was between them -about the few hundred sheep they grazed, and sheared every year. Dun can kept the purse, and stuck to it with a tight grasp; and what luck could the old miser expect? He died a dreadful death this night five years. “I was shepherding on this part of the run then, for the gentleman that Colonel Poyntz bought the station from, and, feeling lonely on Christmas eve, for want of a better place, went down to Duncan’s. The door was ajar, and after calling out, I went inside. There •was no fire in the big chimney, and no light in either room. I struck a match, -and lit a bit of caudle I found on the table, and then I went into the bed room with it in my hand. “There were two hunks in the hack room of the Iiut, and old Duncan’s was behind the door. I looked there first, and what I saw I will remember only too well to my dying day. Duncan was lying on the bed, dressed ' as he usually was, and between his two hands, clenched and stiffened on his breast, was a small tin pannikin.- He was evidently on the point of death, but still conscious, and he spoke be tween his clenched teeth three words. “When he heard me enter, his rolling eLnii-i-ftirsed-ioward me. As if he bad been galvanised, his hands un clenched, and the pannikin dropped with a rattle to the floor. His right Wilson’s hunk, and stiffened in the posi tion as he said, with an effort that was his last, ‘I’ve—murdered—Wilson!’ “There was a long pause between each word, if he wanted to fill up the gaps he couldn’t have done it; and as he said the last his body arched stiffly, and in horrible agony he gasped his last breath. No man who had ever witnessed the action of strychnine could doubt from what cause lie died. There was plenty of strychnine for use among the sheep, and old Duncan had taken a. dose of it.” “ ’Twas a case of suicide, then?’’ Mr Hereward asked. “There was no doubt of it in the minds of the jury at the inquest, sir; lie had quarrelled with Wilson, and in the heat of passion perhaps murdered him. Then his conscience made life an im possibility, and he took his own.” “Where was Wilson’s body found, then?” “It has not been found to this day, sir. Old Duncan was a strong man, and he may have carried it to the creek. But, more likely, it is buried in the old orchard. I made some search myself; hut, of course, I had no right to do it, especially as there were fools that said Wilson was not dead at all.” “What reasons have you for being -certain that he is, Jacob?” i “.Good God, sir; hadn’t I the man’s own dying words for it? Didn’t he say, ‘I’ve murdered 'Wilson?’ and didn’t his hand stiffen in death pointing to Wilson’s bed? When I took the caudle; over to the bunk I saw that there was a pool of blood in it, and the blood was actually bespattered on the wall.” “Well, sir, in a. year after that awful night George Milton, a mate of mine, was passing the old homestead about midnight, a tiling lie wouldn’t have done if he had been quite sober, though you had given him five pounds to do it. The place had got a bad name through the murder and suicide, and not a man on the run would consent to live in it for love or money. George saw the spirit of Wilson in the old orchard, and at first thought it was some living be ing. but when the moon fell upon the awful white face be knew it, and ran ‘T hardly believed it myself, sir, un til the next Christinas eve, when I watched, and saw Janies .Wilson as plain as I see you. Three times since I’ve seen the same spirit, but I never could pluck up courage .to speak to it. They say, you know, Mr Hereward that, if you can speak to a spirit it breaks tbo spell, and it is allowed to tell you what is troubling it.” “I have heard that; and what do you think is troubling the spirit, of James Wilson. Jacob?” ._^“b5is body remains unburied, sir, o perhaps his savings artrTiiddeu some where about the old place, and lie wants them to go to someone near and dear to him in his old Scotch home.” At this point there was-a laugh from the open window, and they saw that Colonel Poyntz was sitting inside smok ing, and that he had heard the whole story. “Of course, the poor fellow is looking for his own bones!” he cried, "but he may be thankful he hasn’t to carry Ins head tinder his arm, as one ghost at the Hall does. Are you going to interview James Wilson again to-night, Jacob?” “No. sir. 1 determined that I would never go again. For weeks after see ing it I am quite nervous and upset; for you see, I believe that the dead return sir, though you do not.” And Jacob, feeling really angry that his ghost story should be made a mockery of rose and went away. “I’m afraid I’ve annoyed the poor old fellow,” the Colonel said, contritely “but I couldn’t, for the life of me. lieip it. The whole*theory of spiritual re visitations seems to me so utterly unten able and idiotic that I see only the ab surd side of ghost stories.” “What do you say to a ramble down as far as the old homestead to-niglit?’ questioned Hereward: “if there is any thing to see, we should at least see it.” “I have no objection in life, only I warn you that 1 shall take a revolver and have a shot at the ghost of Tauta.1 Ion if I see it. If there has been any appearance, it lias been that of a living man, who is, for some object of his own, imposing on the credulity of poo Jacob.and other such simpletons. I will get my revolver, and go with you for it is after eleven, and the ghost’s hour of release is, of course, the mysti' “From midnight until the first cock crows. Well, Povntz, in the face of al the wonderful things that none of our grandfathers could have credited, vet are becoming assured to us day by day 1 dare not say .that the spirits of dead men and women do not on occasions re visit the earth.” “There is one thing that science has however, never discovered, my friend. and; that is the spirit itself. Whore in the-!hody is it located? Of what os-j sfi'hec is it formed? They tell us in the .{Scriptures that ‘the blood is the life.’ •pud that is. certain enough: when- a !man’s veins are drained of it he dies 'But where lies the soul that is said escape with the life, no man has told us or ever will tell its. The whole mat for is one of the inscrutable, mysteries that we shall never know.” “Until we know as we are known,’ mmanured Hereward. "And begin to ramble back to earih on our own account between midnight and cockcrow!” cried the irrespressible Colonel. “Come, let us see what thi particular ghost is made of at al events.” The two gentlemen went down by the line of creek following the belt of hushes on its bank, so as to avoid ob serration, and soon arrived in the shadow of the big trees that surround ed the old hut, around which was a j visible neglect and decay as well as al most the silence of.death itself. It was a hut. of two rooms with a door and two small windows in the front that faced the creek. The blinds over the windows were torn aiid soiled the green drip from overhanging branches had made long, slimy track | down the slab sides of the lonely look ing tenement. The grass had'grown long and thick on the threshold—it was only too evident that not for many years had a footstep crossed that door step. The colonel tried the latch, but it was fast. "Let us go round to the hack.” he said, “there is sure to he some entrance that way.” - The back door was open,. and had been so for many a day; the top himre was broken and the door had dropped some inches from the post. The gentle men entered the kitchen into which some moonbeams penetrated through a small window neat' the wide chimney. “A gruesome looking place,” said Po.vntz, as he looked round the room, while his friend stood inside the door! and was steadily gazing up the old or chard. There was about an acre of it in which the crooked old apple trees had spread broad branches that laid deep shadows on the grass. “Come here, Poyntz.” Mr Hereward said, in a low tone, and the Colonel quickly stood beside him. "There is a figure up yonder. I saw it a minute ago, under that biggest tree. There it is again and it's moving this way. It was certainly so. ' Plainly to he seen, as it crossed slowly, and with ap parent unsteadiness, the patches of moonlight between the apple trees, a tall, thin form, with bowed shoulders and attenuated frame, moved down the old orchard. It seemed of a grey hue, and the bowed head was covered with a broad Scotch bonnet. “The ghost, by heaven!” said Colonel Poyntz, as he handled his revolver. “We'll see now if there's any flesh about it!” 'Hereward caught his friend’s arm. “For God’s sake stop, Poyntz! It is a liv ing being. You would not commit a mur der in cold blood! What a terrible face! The man is ill!” The figure was nearing the hut, evid ently with the intention of entering by the door at which the friends stood. Both drew back into the deep shadow, at the front, while the tottering being entered, holding on by the door post to assist his almost helpless limbs to cross the tbresh : old. Then he turned, and uttered a bitter moan. “For the last time,” he said, as he looked out on the old orchard, “and all for nothing!” and then he turned to a hugh cupboard near the fireplace, and drew the door to him. The gentlemen had remained almost breathless in their anxiety to watch the mysterious being. -When he entered the cupboard and drew the door behind him, there was a slight grating sound, and then silence. “There is a cellar. We are on the eve of solving this mystery,”, said the ! Colonel- 'follow me,” and jmltiug liis re- ’ volver in :l convenient pocket, lie lit a small lantern lie had thoughtfully provid ed himself with, aud opened the cup board door. Behind it was a row of nar row shelves, empty, save for old bits of torn paper and a thick coating of dust. The Colonel saw that these shelves were attached to another door, for the [ being who had just passed through had not drawn it very closely behind him. Down the few steps, formed of worn slates, the gentleman went, followed closely by Mr I-Inroward. It was surely a small cellar in which they found themselves, stretching unde the kitchen and partly under the bed room of the hut. So near the Colonel’s tall head was the floor above that he had to stoop down when he passed under a joist. Through a couple of holes low on the ground, outside the faint moonlight was visible, yet the ai was damp aud unwholesome. No won der that the face of one who had lived there for years should have been taken for the face of a dead man. A bucket of watew.stood near a low stretcher, on which lay the form they had seen pass through the kitchen Ghastly, and breathing hard, the man’s eyeballs turned helplessly to the new comers. He was evidently too ill to speculate or to care, ou what business they had come. F,o.vutz set his lan tern on n stool, aiuk having opened It so that rlie light should fail upon tli wretched bed, he stooped over the sic’ man. , “So.” lie said, grimly, ‘’you tire the ghost of Old TantallonV” “I am James Wilson.” was the reply ‘‘and I am a dying man. Whatever i your business here let me die in peace— if I can.” Colonel royntz unscrewed the to from his pocket-tinsk. poured a littl spirits into the lid. added water from th bucket at his feet, and held it to Wil son's lips. ‘‘Drink that; it will enable you to tel us how you managed to make peopl believe you were dead all these years and that old Duncan had murdered you.” Wilson swallowed the cordial with difficulty, and spoke hurriedly, ‘‘There’ no use hiding the truth now, for 1’iu a dying man. It was not my fault tha people accused old Duncan wrongfully but I was here in this cellar when Jacob found him dying, and said the words that convicted 'himself, and I was glad that the murder should no be traced to me.” ‘‘To you: What murder?” "The murder of old Duncan. It wa me that poisoned him.” "Surely your mind i« astray. Duncan’ words were plain enough.” "They were misunderstood. What h wanted to say was, ‘I’ve been murdered by Wilson,’ but the words ’stuck*’in hi dying throat as mine are sticking- now .Oh, God! what a terrible deed, and al for nothing—nothing!” “Tell us about it. if you can. If your words are time the only atonement you can make to the memory of tlie old man is to confess your own guilt. Take a few drops more of the spirits and con fess.” "It was not all my fault. If Duncan bad only given me my own he might have been alive this night. I bad an equal share in all, but he cheated me out of it. I had hard work to get fivo shillings, now and then, while he added sovereign after sovereign to his bag until it was so full that it could chink no longer. I couldn’t get enough to eat either, and I had no hone at last only that he would die and that I should get all. " "But hc^had no notion of dying, not he. and we lived a life' of helf—^quar relling from day to.fcday. T watched, him every hour to find out in what new corner he had hidden bis hoard, for be was always changing it about; and when I had a. pretty good guess where to lay my hand on it I made up my mind he should never live to hide it in another place. "One day my chance came. Duncan felt sic-k, and began to quake with fear that be should die. We had a few fowls grubbing about the orchard, and I proposed to make him some broth, de claring that it was the miserable diet that was killing him. I killed the fowl and in doing it managed to cut my hand pretty severely. That was the * blood scattered on my trunk as I tore off a bit of the sheet to bandage it. I per suaded the old man to lie down, and when the broth was ready I mixed enough of strychnine in It to finish him T thought lie was dead just before I heard Jacob’s step, and I held his hands on the pannikin till they seemed to stiffen cu it, for my idea was to make it appear a suicide. "When I heard the step I darted to the cellar that we had always kept a secret. You know the rest. I have been searching ever since for the old miser's money, and never found the bsg.” “How have you managed to live for these live years?” "Donald M’Crea, my brother-in-law, has known all along, and I had a few pounds saved of my own. M’Crea is hut-keeping on the next station, and hoped to share old Duncan’s plant when I found it. But I never found it, and there Is the old villain coming to mock me!” The wrecked man had risen suddeniy to point to a dark corner of the cellar. The Colonel put his fingers on the bony wrist, and with the other hand gently 'pushed the dying man back to his pillow. “Thc-re is nothing there, Wilson. Try to ask your God to forgive you, for your time is short.” “I cannot pray! You—you-”. and he was gone. “May the Lord have mercy on his soul!” It was Mr Hereward who mur mured the words, as Colonel Poyntz drew a corner of the old blanket over the awful dead face. Under the orders of the Colonel there was a general overturn of tlio old homestead on the morning after Boxing Day. A party of men pulled every stick and stone of it down. Whatever might be made use of in any other wa0 was carted from the spot, and after ai exhaustive search the cellar was fillet up. When the site had been levelled and sown with grass seed, the Colon© turned to old Jacob with a grim smile— “I hope you will own now that the ghost of old Tantallon has been finallj laid?” “Not a bit of it, sir. If it was a mock ghost that deceived us before we’ll liav the real one now. The spirit of Jam© Wilson is sure to haunt the place unti the money is found.” The Colonel laughed at the old man’ obstinate belief, but there are those still living in the district who declare that the shadowy grey form, with tli broad shoulders and drooping Scotch bonnet over its ghastly face, "is still t< be seen gliding noiselessly In the or chard at Old Tantallon. And the miser's plant has never yet been discovered. 