THE SPECTRE OF WYD COMBE GRANGE. By ARTHUR W. MARCILMOXT, B.A., Author of 'By Right of Sword.' 'Sir J affray's AVife,' 'Parson Turing ;s fc?ecrct, &c;, &c.; LI'uliliEliud by special arrangement wilh the author. All rights reserved.] Chris Quennc-11 sat in a corner of the comfortable third-class carriage in the Mid land Express as it tore its way northward. She was enjoying her journey across the winter landscape, and a magazine and sonic papers lay on her lap unheeded as she gaz ed out of the window, i She was gifted with a greaA capacity for enjoying life, and the object of her pre sent journey both interested and amused (her. Now and again a smile flitted across her regular but expressive features as she tried to picture the kind of reception in store for her and how Christmas would be spent. . . Hers was an unusual mission enough— the was going north in search of a hus fcand. .Marking her place in the magazine was a letter she had read more than once, deeming it well worth studying, since it might turn the whole current of her life. 'My dear Margaret.' It was written to Mrs. Quennell by a wealthy brother, a widower, who had not made the least effort to help the family, though he knew of the struggle they had had after Mr. Quennell's family. 'My dear Margaret— iYou have asked me several times to help you, and 1 am going to do it now — that is Sf you like the notion. Eleanor' (t)iis was tiis la-te wife) 'had a scamp of a brother whom, like a woman, elie imagined she loved. He died years ago and left a ?bigger scamp of a son — Maurice Gresham; and Eleanor, when she died, asked me to fcelp him if I could. People seem to Book on me as a sort of amateur relieving 'lofiicer. This young fellow ha's now done [[what his father's son was sure to do— ruin- |ed himself, and like men in that condition, : concludes it is time he married. It's a Eour remedy sometimes and generally use Uess; but it may pay in this case. If you (like to send your eldest daughter, Ohrista pel — I choose 'her because I like the name -— up 'to me for a month I'll have the Bcamp here; and if they hit it off for tlie Bake of the money, and she thinks she can cure him, I'll give him £10,000 to live ion, and do more when I die and don't (want it myself. If after a manth she deems ]the scamp too dear at the price I'll give (her £500 as a reward for her prudence. I've never seen the fellow, so she must (judge for herself. 13ut she stands to win anyway. If she decides to come, just wire Jne and pack her off as soon as possible. |[f she decides not to' come, write.' f 'I. shall go, mother, of course,' said iChris promptly, the moment she heard the letter. '.Not to marry 'the scamp,' dear, jjut to earn that £500.' ? 'You've no things, child,' said the Another, a, somewhat helpless woman, whom ithe struggle with the world had worn out. j? 'Tilings, dearie? What things shall I jwant, shut up in a rambling, ramshackle, eld hill house in Cumberland? I'll just !ltake such ifrocke as we can make passable 8n a day's eewing, apd I'll start to-morrow. ./Think what lots of things £-500 will do for lusaii.' , . ., y 'I wish you could win over your uncfc Gregory,' said the mother weakly, adding la little nervously after a moment's paus ,'I wonder what bias young Greshainvs like?' : o »' 'Don't think I'm going for that, mother,' said the girl quickly, as eke kissed the anxious face. ? . n. r, But Ithe question '. was not absent from her thoughts as the train rattled north through the hours of the following day, and again aiiisd *-3atsira Ife to tie email $tit-oi- i&tim4kW6n;itom which there if** * SGven-inile dnve to her uncle's house, Wyd conrbe -3tahge. „ . , The driVe was made in an old-msnionea chaise, up and down hillo innumerable, over moors, and through dark, gloomy, wild lanes; and when ehe reached the long, low, inany-gabled, ill-kept, rambling house the winter night hnd closed in and all the place looked desolate and weird. The house was not much pleasaiitcr in eide: ill-lighted, dismal, and bare of com forts, while tile girl's first reception was the reverse of cheerful. A gaunt, bony, forbidding-looking woman received her with a rude etare and scarcely returned the pleasant greeting which VnriH 'You can't expect much here, you know,' she said bluntly, 'but if you don't like it you can go back the way you came. The 'girl having heard of. north-country brusquencBS took this as ft specimen of it and made no answer, following the woman along the broad hall. She opened a door, mid, putting her head in, said to someone inside, 'Here's the other,' and then made way for Chris to pass into a room, very large and very barely furnished save for a couple of roomy easy chairs by the hre, in which two men sat talking. They rose as the door opened. 'Yog should be more civil in your tone, Hudson,' rapped out the sharp, querulous, grating voice of an old man; and at the rebuke the woman grunted angrily. 'Come and shake hands, ChriBtabel, and let me look at you. You'fc not very pretty, but vou've a taking face— for a girl. Ihen he shook his head. 'Too good, I think, to be wasted on such a scamp as tins good for-nothing. You don't need any introduc tion—you two. You know what you re here for; so you may as well take stock ot one another.' , , . Chris laughed and having not the least thought of looking on the man as a possible husband, she was quite -unembarrassed. 3ut she was glad to see that her companion for the month's little comedy was pleasant to look upon. 'An unconventional meeting, Lousin Chris,' he said in a tuneful voice, with a smile that onade 'his face very^ bright, 'but I am very pleased to see you. If he was a scamp he was a very hand Bnrna nno nnH Hk face belied him, thought the girl- for to her his eyes seemed es pecially frank and honest— and they lin gered on her quite long enough for her to see them clearly. . 'I 'hope we shall be good friends, in deed,' she answered, and the earnestness of her tone surprised herself. 'I have had a long journey, uncle; can I go to my room?' she asked; and then the gaunt woman was called in again to show her When she returned to the dining-room, liavin' taken some pains to make herself look her best, the scamp was talking plea santly to the old man, who was listen in' with obvious interest; and as soon as something was brought in for Chris to eat the former went out of the room, saying he would go and do what tJie uncle -iad a?ked. As he passed Chris lie nod led with a significant look and smiled. '?I sent him out of the way while we talk,' said 'her uncle as the door clo*cil. 'I want to look at you and know raiie about vou.' And then he plied her with nil manner of questions about ner mume., herself her sisters and brothers, the mode of their life, 'her own tastes and inclina tions, and so on. . ,, . 'You heem a good girl, as girls go, )jft said 'at the end. 'Better than I expected your mover's- daughter 1o be ? ' 'Mother's the best and dearest woman in the world,' said Chris warmly. '\nA the weakest— or shed never have married your father.' 'They never had a quarrel till the day erf his death, nor we children an unhappy hour,' championed the girl again. 'All richt. all ridit; only don t choke me with their virtues,' snapped her uncle le'lVhall not hear anything against mother.' declared Chris stoutly. 'I wish I had someone to stick up ior me like that,' he said, with what he meant to be a sneer, though it sounded to the gir more like a cry from a desolate heart, and she said nothing. After a pause the old man resumed. 'You quite understand the business you're here for, 1 suppose? You seem to have vour head screwed on the right way, whatever your— whatever others may have,' he was going to say 'your mother, jut at a look from her changed the phrase 'You understand, you re to be quite free to determine for, yourself. lou see what he is-at least, what he looks like-and I am bound to tell you he makes not the least secret of his wickedness, lie seems rather to glory in' it; for be tells it to me with a laugh and a joke, as though to be drunk were an honor, to gamble weie a learned profession, and to love bad com pany and worse hours were the deciding instincts of a gentleman.' At this Chris, remembering his frank eyes, was inclined to smile, but bit her lip and checked herself. 'It is very shocking, she said de murely. ,. , . , : 'Thajt's for you to settle, replied the oli man grimly. 'And you'll have plenty of: time, for I don't mean to have my life, interfered with. Marry him and you shall have £10,000 between you. 'Reform him and you shall have plenty more all I have probably. Not because the re formation of a scamp is a very glorious thingj 'but because I've nothing else to d\o with the money. Refuse him, and you go back to youv mother with a £500 cheque. And now a last word. Look out for Hud son. She's a vixen. My will now is part ly in her favor and eke knows it. Am being a shrewd woman she don't want it altered. Now you'll see why she met you so pleasantly.' And the old man chuckled as though he had said a good thing. The nest morning the two cousins met at breakfast and were alone; and the meal was a somewhat ceremonious one. The talk was disjointed and both were ill at 'Shall we uave a walk?' asked Gresham, when it was over. 'I can show you round a bit. I was here yesterday, alone all day.' Chris agreed readily and went to put on her hat. I hope you -won't stop smoking on my account,' she said, seeing him toss away a cigarette as she joined him. though she appreciated the little act of deference. 'If you wish it,' he answered readily, and lit a cigar. They started and. walked some way in silence, neither feeling quite at case. Then, happening to glance simultaneously each at tae other's face, both' laughed; and this broke the reserve. 'This is a queer business, isn't it?' he asked. 'And how the idea ever came' into Uncle Gregory's wite. I can't for the life of me guess. . I suppose you know I'm an aw ful eeamj) and have come a regular howler with my affairs.' .- i .- There was such a inlerry look in his eyes oi die could not find it in her to believe 't atn told that you have done All sorts of horrible things, but I eaa't my you look like it,' 'I'm an awful drunkard, you know, when the fever's on me.' . 'Are you, really?' 'And 1 gamble and toet— like a regular bookmaker, except that 1 always lose. I don't know hoiv many thousands that 1 haven't lost. Don't you love horsera« ing?' 'No, I don't. And I hate betting. 'It's next door to stealing.' 'Ob, I say. Isn't tfhat rather rough on me?' he asked, with a-wiuning smile of mock reraottstran'ce. 'It hetoed to ruin my father,' said Ohris, nnd as she said this hisuniile chang ed to «, look of sympathy. 'One doesn't think of the future, I'm afraid,' he answered slowly. 'But -we have to.' llie words were out 3C'fore she thought of their full meaning, but as soon as she realised it she blushed crimson. 'I've lots o'f other sins quite as bad as that,' he continued, pretending not to no tice the blush. 'I'sn afraid I keep shock ing hours; am awfully fond of club life; love billiards; can't imagine what pefqple see in the attraction of one's own fireside, and don't think life's life unless it's rac ketty. I think that's about all,' he added, after a slight pause. He seemed to Chris to reel off this catalogue of his iniquities rather as if he were repeating a lesson. He puzzled her. He was a freeh- looiking;, clear-eyed, athletic, handsome folloy, without a trace of those marks which dis sipation stamps on its victims. 'It seems to agree with you very well,' she said. 'That's an odd comment,' he answered, wit!) a hearty laugh. 'But I want you to know the worst of me, because of this fun ny business of Uncle' Gregory's.''' 'You surely 'haven't come down here es peeting ? ' she began, but hesitated and stopped. 'Shall I finish? ExDeetins that any do cent girl would care to take in hand my reformation? I don't know; girls are girls, you know.' 'I don't know what you mean,' she added quickly, with a flush of indignation. 'But I do know that a 'decent girl, as you call her, wouldn't think of stooping to marry a man merely because there was money to be made by doing so. 'A decent man wouldn't sell himself either,' he returned, laughing heartily. 'But you sec I'm not a decent man, so I'm here. And bo, for the matter of that, are you. Why are we here?' 'L'nclc Gregory told me that if I came for a month, till' Christmas, and — and his insane scheme failed — if I declined -to turn refonner— I should have a sum of £500. That's why I came.' '?Good. Lovely,' he cried, laughing again. 'That's why I came. I've got the same port of promise. I wanted to tell you, but I didn't know how. But I'm really not such a brute as to wish to buy a wife with my uncle's money. I'm bad, but not so bad as that. I'm awfully glad you spoke put. Truth is I was trying to drive you into saying something of the kind. As we understand each other now, shall we be friends, as well as cousins and conspirators?' He stopped and held out his hand, looking down into her eyes with such a frank, honest -look that she gave him hers, and they shook hands cordially. 'Now we've got to get through a month togctlier, and I propose that we do the utmost we can to make the time a jolly one.' And with that he began to chatter away on a hundred subjects, drawing her out/listening to her when she spoke, telling her anecdotes and stories of all kinds, and proving Jiimsclf such an entertaining com panion that when they got back to the Grar.sre she was flushed with the exercise, quickened with the bracing air, and told herself file had spent one of the jolliest mornings she had ever had in her life. The days slipped away in this fashion. Jf her cousin was the racketty rake that her uncle declared and he himself con fessed he found the change to the hills entirely to his liking. Never a thought did lie appear to give to his billiards or his drink. When the days were fine the two went for walks, when wet they rambled through the old Grange or read together, and Gres'ham found an old volume in the dusty library which told him the history of the family and of the house. 'I'm glad there's a ghost here,'' he said, one afternoon when they had been reading about one and sat back in the great arm chairs by the fire to talk. 'She'll come in handy for Christmas. But she seems an aimless sort of sneetre as usual, and puts on a winding sheet and moans and sighs and groans about the place for the most part. Should like to see her. I d have a pot at her with my revolver.' 'She only comes when death s about, broke in the harsh tone of the house keeper, Hudson, who had entered the room unobserved. 'If you'd seen her you wouldn't laugh.' . . 'Have you seen her?' asked Chris 'I know what I know,' was the sphinx like reply. 'But if you were to shoot the bullet would lodge in your own heart, she added gloomily. , 'If we catch a sight of her it'll be a good tale to cany back to town,' said Graham, laughing. 'You've less ? than a week now to be shut up here,' he added. t Chris 6aid nothing, but sat gazing into the fire and surprised herself by having to repress a sigh at the thought. ? 'You'll be glad to be back with your people, I supposed' His voice was a little eager, and when she gave no answer he picked up the poker and lunged rather viciously at the logs, sending a blaze ot sparks up the broad chimney. 'It s been awfully dull here -for you, ot course.' He looked across at her in -the. leaping light o the flames; but she hid. her face and said nothing. ? He waited for an answer,, and when it did not come he got up and pushed back his chair, exclaiming— ' it s a beast of a place,' and went out of. the room, leav ing her very thoughtful and a little sad. Three nights later, on. the day before Christmas Eve,, they went out together— they were always together— into the liall ghost-hunting. It was a long, broad pas sage, and through. -the. windows the brilliant moonlight flooded, making the shadowed corners gloomy and dark by con trast. ? ? ?!'.'. She opened one of the easements and stood 'by it gazing out over the hills. 'Looking- homewards?' , said. ' ' Gresham at length,- in a low voice that to the girl was almost like a caress. J . . ? , . 'I wonder, what they are air doing.'1 she replied, after a paupe. - ?;' ; ?'. 'You've only three daya ;ohore of prison.' ? - , : . r 'Prison?' echoed Ohris, lifting her eyes to his. 'It has been no ? .'Ah, .you mean you are weary of the eomedy am miss those things you can't get, here. 1 forgot, hut you nave played your part bo well, £ — '' She did not finisU. 'I liw felt my part,' lie answered, gently. ffAnd when -the curtain as rung ... '.? ? ? , ' . . . -?-'- ? : ? ? ? !-.?? ~'~%T down I shall — t May I make a confes-' montoyou?' 'Another?' she asked, smiling. 'Yes— and the worst of all, in one way; irtuL yet the bast. When the curtain rings down it will be on the sweetest act of my life. I hate this Christmas time, when I think it is to be the signal for that curtain to fall. I know you will hate me for what I m going to say.' ? ; But it was not from hatred that her leart was beating too quickly for her to trust herself to speak. 'I've been a cad— a mean, pitiful sneak. All that other confession of mine was — a lie. But this one's true; and I can't bear that you should go away with it un said. Ini not Maurice Greehtfin at all —1 m Talbot, his younger brother. Uhcle Gregorydoesh't know it, and I came down Jiere to cheat him out of the money for Maurice's sake. And now— well, 1'inpunish e3 enough for my fraud. 1 love yon, Chrie, with all my heart and soul; nnd you'll never speak to me again, I know. I'll tell Uncle Gregory the iirst chance I get, and — be kicked out of the house, I suppose. Try not to say too hard things, Cousin Chris, for I shall remember them all ray life — and I'm a cowardly beggar when I think of that. I'd have told you before. I tried, when I found I loved you — thought that was the first day — and 1 hadn't pluck enough to go away. Tears trembled in the girl's eyes, dim ming the landscape and making the moon mists and the wide snow shimmer and glisten and heave. But she had nothing to say. His deception was infinitely delightful to her, and while her judgment told her that he had behaved abominably, her heart whispered that nothing he could do could kill her love for him, or make the thought tnat he loved her other than sweet and de licious. He was unread in the ways of women, however, and did not understand her si lence; but feared to speak again., Thus they stood a long time in silence, until a weird souud, commencing in a law croon and swelling to a wild inournrul moan, broke the stillness of the night. Chris started and shivered and then clung to her companion, who blessed the noise and put his arm round the trembling girl. 'It's the spectre of Wydcombe Grange,' she whinnered when the sound died away, and he did not contradict her, though very sceptical of ghosts. He could fovgive any spectre that brought Chris into his arras. After a moment's interval the sound was repeated, and again a third time. 'There's some devilment here,' said Gresham, after the third cry, to which both had listened very critically. 'I heard a man's voice in a sort of guttural whisper between the last two.' 'So did I,' said Chris, who with a return of her common sense, gently disengaged herself from her companion's arms. At that moment a door at t'he farther end of the hall was rattled violently and then swung open without any apparent cause. 'I wish I had ray revolver,' said Gresh am, running to the place and searching it, but without result. Then soon afterwards Hudson, the house keeper, -came in from the kitchen crying and holding lier apron to 'her face. She was almost hysterical and asked them if they had heard the moaning, and said that it meant death; that her dear old master had been taken ill and thai he would sure ly die. * 'Whose man's voice was that I heard?' asked Gresham sharply. At this the woman was more agitated than before and cried and moaned and waved her arms about. 'I didn't hear that. I hoped it wasn'.t there— this time. Oh, my poor, dear mas ter. When that is heard it's a sure sign of death.' And more than that she could not be got to say. Tims in t'he confusion that followed and the trouble caused by the old man's sudden illness the explanation between Chris and her cousin could be carried no further. The evening was a gloomy one. The uncle rallied but remained in his bedroom — which 'was on the ground iioor — and when either of the pair went to him he told them not to stay. The next day Gresham was sent off to bring over a doctor, and when he returned Jie had to ride back again for the medi cine. Thus Chris and he scarcely exchanged a word during the day and as the old man, who was very irritable, was present at din ner, which for once was in the evening, it was' agreed mutually, but without words — as young people in such circumstances can agree— to postpone telling him the truth about Gresham's deception until he should be better. Late that evening the crisis came. Chris had been in her uncle's room, and needing something -from the kitt'hen she had reach ed the door of communication between the kitchen and the rest of the house when she was startled by hearing a man's voice on the other side of it. Instantly the sus picion of the previous evening occurred to her, and jumping to the conclusion that there was going to foe a repetition of the spectral moaning she resolved to fathom the mystery. Realising that if she opened the door she would probably disturb the man, she ran upstairs and along the passages, and down by a second staircase, which would take her, unobserved, to the kitchen. She list ened intently as she went, feut heard noth ing, and found the way clear as she cross ed an open space and entered the kitchen, which was empty. Crossing this she heard the voices again —Hudson's and a man's— speaking in a very low tone. Unable to hear wnat was said, she stood a minute irresolute, and then to 'her consternation a door, just out side a kitchen, which led up from the cel lars, was opened cautiously, and Chris had barely time to dart back across the room end hide when Hudson and the man en tered it. : ? ...,,. She would have fled, but was afraid lest she should make a noise and be caught; and she stood listening, half holdir.g her breath and wilh feariquickened pulses. She soon learnt tlie i whole story. The man was the housekeeper's son and had been concealed for some days in the cellars, having been brought to. the place by the Woman to he3p in carrying out a horrible purpose— the murder of her old master. The latter had made a will grftntly bene fiting Hudson, and believing now, from the manner of ? the young couple, that his scheme to (bring the cousins together to marry was likely to be successful, he had told the woman that his will would he altered. Shereeented this angrily and at tempted to poison him before he had tinit? to make the alteration, and she had brought her son to the house to help her. The well known story of the epectre of Wydcombe Grange had beSn used as a sort of cover for their abominable work. The first dose of poison had teen given: on the -previous night and they meant ? to /complete the deed that night. None of the other #er vantB knew the ,maa was in the h.t-xi!&$t:j!g±\ they had been sent out purposely by Hud son to fee out tA the way, further thali that, Chrjfl learnt that Gmhnm had been drugged, and she beard the two discuss what was to 1)6 done in re gard to herself—that she was also to be drugged. Tne deliberate callousness of the plot turned the girl cold and sick with fear; while the helplessness of her position ap» „ palled her. She was alone in the house wilh the murderers, pave for one man who had been drugged, and another who, old and ill, was to be the victim. BJie tried to get away, but as she moved a board creaked. 'Curse \he old place,' exclauned( the man, starting nervously at the sound. 'One might think it was really -haunted.' 'It's only rats or something,' answered Hudson, with a laugh. 'Don't ue scared. Get your sheet on and go and give the old man another fright. It nearly killed him last night, and 1 took core to tell him that it meant his death— oy, and told the^ doc tor too. The old man believes he is dy ing. 8o he is— but not as'he thinks. Give that young Lunnon gell a fright too— do her good. And I'll rush into the bedroom and make a row nnd. find some way of quietening her, while you slip in and carry liiat young fellow up to his room_ and lock him in. Tljen the place'll be tlil'l, and we can do the rest safely, and make it seem us if the gell had done it.' Clirie saw tha;o she must at once get to her unclc'B room at any hazard and tried again to creep off, but this time tlie noise she made was greater than before, and the woman running to the spot caught her ub she was rushing up the stairs. Seizing Chris in her long strong arms Hudpon threw an apron over her bend, stifled her cries for help, aud draeced her back to the kitchen, where the man bound and ragged her without a word being spoken. In this state she was then ear ned upstairs to her room, flung on to the bed, and a chloroformed handkerchief was pressed over her face till she lost con sciousness. How long she lay in this state she could not tell, but when she had recovered her senses, and the nauseating effects of the drug had cleared from her brain, she re cognised the critical danger of the posi tion. Her first effort was to free 'herself from the cords which bound lier hands, and this she succeeded in doing after much violent effort. Dragging herself from the bed she next severed the rope that bound her feet and tried to stand up. The rushing of the released blood and the giddiness in^ her aching head sent her staggering back to the bed, however, where (she lay a while to get back her strength and collect her dazed wits. What should she do? How prevent these miscreants from carrying out their abominable plan? . As soon as she could stand up sue tried her dcor and found it locked on the out ride. If she was to escape it must be by the window, and as she looked out over the snow the chill air helped to revive her, and a plan came into her thoughts. Her cousin's room was not far from hers and between tlie windows ran a ledge, along which she might be able to «hmb, holding on to the windows and rain spouts. , , In a moment she had thrown a dark shawl over her shoulders and was out side the window. With infinite trouble and in imminent liazard of falling, she crawled yard by yard along the Jedge, clinging for her life to every available . holding-place, and bruising and tearing her tender liands and linger nails in the des- ? perate attempt to reach her cousin Gres ham's window. This she found unfastened and pushing it open peered in, calling liiin by name. No answer came. Listening, she could hear someone breathing sfcertorouriy in the room and, though doubting wnelher it was her cousin or the miscreant wno bound her, slie entered and groped her way to the bed. . He was lying there unconscious, Jully dressed, as they had evidently thrown him. / She shook and dragged and called to him with the vehemence of despair, but all to no purpose. The drug held him fast, and after a few fruitless minutes she aban doned the attempt. She tried his door and found it locked from without, like her own. There was nothing left but to get down bv the window. 'She tore the bedclothes from the bed, knotted them firmly, made one end last to the bedstead, passed them out of the window, and was in the act of getting out herself when 'she remembered be had spo ken of a revolver. A rapid search of a few minutes found this, and having seen it waB loaded m all its chambers she thrust it in her poc ket. Then she stepped on to the win dow-sill and with a fervent pnayer to hea ven began to descend. There was a brilliant moonlight, hut the spot of her descent, being in an angle ot the house, was in shadow. She reached the ground in safety and ran at once to the window of her uncle's bedroom, in tending to enter 'by that way. She was too 'late. There was a light in the room, and peer ing in between the blind and the window frame she saw Hudson and the man there —the woman bending over the bed on Which lay her uncle; the man crouching in hiding ready to help when the crisis came. The girl's finst instinct was to scream and break the window pane and tnen try to rush in; but a .better scheme occurred to h%he thought of the trick of the spectre's moaning .-which the .two had played and she resolved to use it now,; thinking that when they heard it in the midst of their infamous work it would ? -frighten them more than anything else.- - _ Making as close an -imitation of the eound eb she could she repeated it twice. Next she fled over the soft snow to the robe of bedclothes, tore away a, sheet, and ran to the kitchen entrance, throwing the sheet over her head as sh? ran. Tae door was open and darting along the hall she went to the door of her uncle's room and rattled the handle loudly, moaning again the while, and at last turning, the handle she let the door swing open; .intending to produce the same weird effect which lhad teen produced on the' previous i .might. Knowing that as soon as their consterna tion was over the two would come out to see the cause, she ran next to ndd it ready for emergences. ? Hudson ^as the first to: recover from he^ierror and came out slowly.and can §ouslyf holding a light and Deemgabout her wiiih the. man at her .'heels, half dead with superstitious terror. ?. q3»e i ? woman nearly dropped tne wgat she' ' carried when her ewes fell on the swaying white figure, and the. :mau toneS ajS Wflula iiftVe fled, but for the jmstake pyMch^?fei8 tM& ^ ihadeVjpf ilJlafeJ^Jnei^elt ^ ; between tho pair and. the kitchen j tlius leaving them no means of escape. An it was they ttoth stood witching her feanwmety with blanched faces and strain lag eyes in dead grim silence, At laafc the woman, aa though ashamed of her fears, started and mode a step to wards Chris. , ? , 'Come on, you fool, she cried to tne man, 'It can't hurt us. I mean to see what it to.' , , ,, , In a shame-faced, hang-dog fashion _ne moved after her, and Chris, perceiving how great would be her peril if either should attempt to touch her, drew away instinctively, In doing this she trod on the sheet, and before she knew what had happened it hid fallen to the ground, and the improvised spectre of Wydcombe Grange stood revealed as the pale, but resolute girl, who stood grasping the pistol and murmuring prayers to heaven tor rescue. , , The man vented a gruff oath, his rage all the greater because of the cowardice he had before shown, and rushed towards the girl to seize her. 'Back, or I'll lire,' she said, levelling the revolver. 'No more o' your tricks wi me, you young hussy,' he scowled, without stopping. ' . „ , j In quick succession three shots rang out, waking the echoes through the fitifl house, followed by a 'cry of pain and a Wild scream; and when the smoke cleared the miin lay bleeding and moaning on the ground and the woman, had disappeared. Chris ran to her uncle's room and found he waB still apparently unhurt, though unconscious. The preparations which the two had made to kill him re mained by tbo head of the bed. She swept them into the fireplace, and, having made sure that the woman was not concealed in the room, she locked the door and ran upstairs to her cousin's room. He was still unconscious, and it was only after long and anxious efforts that she roused him sufficiently to make him under stand all that had happened. Three days later Chris sat hidden in one of the large armchairs in the dining-room, dreaming happily by the firelight, and turning her head now and then toward the door to listen. Her eyes brightened as a. quick firm, footstep approached it from without; but she did not turn her head this time and affected not to hear when her cousin entered. 'Chris. Oh, you are here. I could hardly see you in that great chair. Well, etc you anxious to be out of prison? Thit wasto have been your day of deliverance, you know.' 'Well?' The eyes asked the question more eagerly than the words. - He tossed up his hands as if in despair. 'I've told Uncle Gregory everything. Ho vows he has never 'been so deceived in his life as by me.' 'We all have,' said the girl. 'He won't forgive me. 1m to leave the house at once.' She looked at him searcbingly and then 6miled. 'The truth,' she said quietly. 'That's the truth. That's his sentence. Not an hour's grace. At once., this instant,' he declared, with increasing em phasis. The girl's forehead puckered in doubt. 'Won't you be glad to get out of prison?'1 she asked; and they both laugh ed. 'He only gave me one chance,' said Gresham. 'What is it? I'm sure you don't de serve it,' she said happily. 'An appeal to what he calls the real 'Spectre of Wydcombe.' It's good angel, he calls it. He says you've taken the management of the Grange now, and that includes all who are in it. I'm in it, but can only stop if you allow me?' 'I shall go and give my judgment to uncle,' she said, rising. 'Shall I pack?' he asked, looking at the firelight dancing in Jier eyes and holding out hi.* hand. 'He'll forgive and forget if you will.' She stood by him, turning her face to his. 'I can't do that,' she said gently. 'I've nothing to forgive, and I couldn't forget.' Then he took her in his arms and kissed her 'Do you still want to get out of prison?' he whispered, smiling. 'I shall leave the prison — a greater cap tive than ever,' and then she broke away, and ran to tell the story of her love to the old man. 