INTEIICOLONIAL CRICK?T, &s.; "OLD BPOT" WliesB: - The following Queensland team has been chosen to play in the return intercolonial match with New Bouth Wales, which will be commenced on the Wool loongabba ground, South Brisbane, to-day: W. Bradley, 8. P. Jones, A. Atkino, R. Mau donald. W. M'Glioneby, J. Carew, E. R. Crouch, J. P. Clark, H. V. Hewitt, T. Byrne, and M. F. Remsay (Toowoomba). Emergencies, 3.. Cuff and C. Morgan. The New South Wales "con tingent" comprisee Mi. A. Noble, Iradale, belly, Trumper, R. A. Duff, T. Howard, Jansen, Far qtehar, Donnan, L. Pye, Bowden, and Hophins. Regarding the Bananslanders, M. F. Ramseay, of Toowoombe, has been selected on the form he displayed last Saturday, when he put togethen 141--in quite his old form, it is said, his cut ting and off driving being splendid, and a treat to witness. I hope he will de the "'same over again? in the match at Wcolloongabhba. If I remember correctly, the one win recorded to Queensland in 1893 (during the six eleven aside matohees) was due ohiefly to M. F. RHesay's trundling in the seosond innings, he being greatly assisted in securing this victory by C C. Martin (with the bat) ?ad W. Boars (with the ball). Inotice that J. P. Clark, after scoring two " blobs" in Sydney, is again piekedsiln preference to .T Cuffe, who, being a left-hand trondler, should have been given n trial. Jedging fron expressions I have heard in reference to the New Bouth Welshmen coming to Ipowich, perhaps thefol. lowing clipping from the "Evening News" of Tuesday last will allay some of the talk:-" A meeting of the New South Wales Cricket las ciation was held last night, Mr. W. J. Trisheit, M.L.C., presiding. Mr. B. Shute aotd'as-seco retary in the absence, through illness, of MI. Bowden. Mr. Stnte stated that he had received an application from Ipswich for a match with the New South Wales team whilst visiting Queensland. He had replied that the match could only be arranged with the consent of the Queensland Cricket Asesooiation. Mr. Shute's action was upheld." Perhaps it is well to re. mind " all and sundry" (especially affiliated clubs) that the Queensland Oricket Assooisation has the" control and management of all inter colonial, interprovlnoial, local or other ericket matches in Queensland." It does not require a great effort to remember that the Ipswich and West Moreton Cricket Assoolation was pre viously ignored in similar matters; but the time is coming when our local Aiso siation must be the governing power in West Moreton. Bythe-way, interviewing P. Clarew, he said he was within an ace si atoh-. ing Trumper before he scored at all;. " but," said he, "Trumper completely opened my eyes as to how skilful a bateman can be in handling the willow. As to myself-well, I had not the ghost of a show. The pase of the wicket beat me from the start." However, to turn to an other subject: The most of the mambers of the Federal sifle team were on board the same train which brought the intercolonial crioket teams through on Thursday night, but not a cheer or musical note was raised in recognition of their magnificent work at Melbourne in an nexing the Federal Cup. Noons knew they were on the train, and it was not until it was about to move out that Corporal G. Bradley hailed "yours truly ;" but, being too far off from the "main army," who were honouring the oricket ing folk, I could not raise a cbeer to the vie torious riflemen All the same, I congratulated both Corporal Bradley and his comrades on their win. I am sure, however, that had either his Worship the Mayor or the senior membEr for Ipswich (both of whom were on the plat. form) been awasre of the presence of the Queene land champlon marksmen, the roof of the rail way station would have reseived a galvanis shock from the heartiness of the welcome that would been acuorded to the colony's federal rifle tesm.-Since writing the above, it is pleasing to learn that, after all, the New South Wales orioketero will visit Ipswilh, and that our rising Graces and " Baiis" will have the pleasure of witnessing the most marvellous hatsman of modern oricket--Victor Trumper, besides whom they will see the wonderful Noble, the "prince of wicket-keepere" (J. J. Kelly), and the brilliant Frank Iredale. Lovers of the "king o0 games" should "roll ap" up in hundreds. 