A SKETCH OF JULIET. " You' promised to show me the original sketch - of your . Juliet," she said. - . -, - ? '?¡???a'.- '?? , They were in Paul's - studio, an d the ring he had just given-her spark- led in,the sunlight. " Here it is," said Paul ; and, turn- ing to a folio of sketches that lay against the wall, he took from it a girl's bead done'in water colours. " How beautiful !" she exclaimed. "I sometimes think there is more life, more freshness, more power, in a painter's unfinished sketch than in any comp leted picture. The final work seems, as it were, elaborated in cold blood, while the first conception is'warm from the artist's heart." . "You are a good critic, because unsophisticated," he said smiling ; " you do .not use the cant of the schools. -But I hope you will recog- nise some merit this time, eren in the finished work." . "You must take me to the gallery then, and let me see it. The critiques have made me eager." . "Theyi will be better still when you, have been ' my model," he said tenderly.; .:.''." ' \\.!' ~. She smiled. " And who was the model for this lovely head ?"';. ! The artiBt flushed' a little, and his voice'changed'' "She waa a girl whom I knew long ago.' :- I waa a'very'; young .man then." ? "Do not-imagine thatilâm going to be-jealous," Baidf she'quietly. "I am not so foolish aa that, Paul;" i-í The vpáintér- hád'atold' her that he was a widower, and it flashed upon her' that this must be his wife. A feeling of lore and pity rather than jealousy stole into the true woman's heart. ' "Your wife was beautiful, Paul," she whispered. "Stop one minute do not put it away." ' He Beemed anxious to thrust the sketch back into the folio. After a moment's pause he did so. "Let us go out now," he said huBkily ; and they went. Both were Bilent, but hers was the pensiveness of peace, while in his there seemed much of pain. The features of the Jallot followed her into the noisy street ; .she wiis trying to imagine what kind of woman.this had been, whom Paul' had loved before she and be had met. He was thinking of the same subject, but. in à very different manner. .'Her thoughts wore mere conception,' bis were memory. ''.-.> . Suddenly tbè memory and the con- ception were in a degree realised., A wretched figure was crossing the street a few yards in front of them, Alt at once the girl caught sight of this woman's face, it was a strange idea, ao absurd fancy j but, deformed and degraded a's they were, the ragged woman's features seemed an exact ¡ counterpart to those of the sketch she I had just seen-a Juliet fallen into I drink and tatters. _ . I " Look, Paul ?" she exclaimed. ; " Do you Bee that woman ? She is ! like your Juliet. The woman was evidently in a state j of partial intoxication. Her naked feet showed through the broken shoes'; tangled elf-locks flattered from the torn hat. A policeman waa eyeing her suspiciously. Paul started OB though he saw; a ghost. "Well might he ; here waa indeed a ghost from the past-one that he had boped was buried for ever in the oblivion of London's vice and wretchedness. Some ghosts will walk not only at midnight. " Do you see the likeness, Paul ?" exclaimed once more the girl-com- panion. , . " Come, on," he muttered hoarsely. " She ia a drunkard-do not take any, notice bf her." - And be seized, her arm to hasten her onwards. " "What ia the, matter with you ?" she asked. "This poor wretch is nothing to us; it waa only a curious resemblance." "Tes, yes-moBt curiouB. ; Let us walk quickly." . ; I At that moment the woman caught ' sight of them. A strange look came into her wild bleared eyes. vShe stared for a second'or two, and then-with a cry rushed upon them : ¡ \- ".Paul!" ; " Get out of the way," he shouted with a. curse.. Come,, on j '. Anni&r; Bhe ia drunk." "Drunk, am I?!' yelled the woman fiercely. .' I'll teach you to call your own wife drunk ! ' . And. who is this dainty wench, I'd like to kno w ?" Paul struggled to get by, but the woman clutched bia arm, while she poured a flood of vile abusa at the poor, trembling girl. . ' ' " Take her in charge," Paul shouted to the policeman, and a scene of confusion followed. The woman straggled with hands and teeth ; not till another constable came up could she be properly secured. "Let me go," she screamed ; " he is my husband -can I not apeak to my own husband?" The air rang with yella and curses., Tne girl shuddering on his arm, Paul , thrust his way through the Srowd. But when they had reached quieter spot she suddenly recollected herself and stopped. ? ' . They faced each other, both as pale as death . " Paul-who is that woman 1" "A drunkard-a vile wreteb-^-one of my old models." He was trying to lie. " She abused me because I gave up employing her." Th? lie failed utterly. ' ;; " She is your wife," said the girl Blowly, with quivering lips. ' He groaned. "ToU told me your wife was dead." "So she ia-dead to.me."' *]::.. . " But she ia not, dead to me,'.' the girl answered with sudden firmness "Take back your ring-it.has stained my finger." "Oh, Annie-have you no mercy?' "You had no mercy,on mein thue deceiving me." And > she thrust thi ring from her hand. It fell upon thc pavement.; ¿¡i,. :".. ffij'-,ú ..-^j... ? . "..Can'you forgive me V\J 'fv.. " I forgive you ; may God pity yei -and me." Ifra moment she was gone. . He leaned back against the wall and gazed fixedly after her. -Arthur L. Salmon, in the " Weekly Sun." 