HT BARBER. [By Close Shave.] ' Wei), William,' I said as I mopped my bearded brow, (perhaps this latest spell of hot weather has suited you V 'I just reckon it has, sir. My word it has its disadvantages, though, While its good for business in the matter of shaves and shampoos—why it costs quite a small fortune to keep my thirst down.' ' You should become a teetotaller.7 'No, sir, not me—leastways not in the summer time. I reckon that tee totallers are what you might call hot weather heroes.' 'Why ?' ' Bless you, sir, if they've got a thirst worked up there is nothing much they can buy to convince it with. Tbey put up with a good deal this hot weather—they do that.' ' Of course they do, William, but there are lots of other people who put np with a great deal as well.7 ' Quite right, sir. For instance there is the case of the man who is not a teetotaller—he has got the thirst, but not the price of a quencher. Then there's the man who has the thirst and the money but who does not know what to take next ' 1 Your instances are getting thinner as you go on, William.' 'But they're true for all that. I could quote several cases more, but I wont for fear you might doubt them. I say, sir, wasn't Saturday last a fair scorcher ? I made up my mind to go for a swim on Sunday morning down to Glenelg. However, I didn't, but a friend of mine did, and he got down to the Bay about 6 p.m. He told me there were quite a large number of cyclists returning heme as he went down. They nearly all carried rugs with them, and had spent the hot night on the beach recked to sleep by what the wild waves were saying.' ' Not a bad way of spending a hot night.' 1 No—very good in a way, but to my mind the seaside is not all that it's cracked up to be. It's something that you're taught to like when you're young, and you keep on believing. Still, there must be something in it or else people would not flock down to the waterside as they do.' 'There are worse places than the seaside on a hot day, William.. 'You're right there—Broken Hill, Bourke, or Wilcannia—a warm trio for the Sulphurous Stakes, eh, sir V 4 How did you beat out the heat on Sunday, William f ' In pyjamas principally. It was so hot in our place that our ghost started to take baths in the middle of the night ' 4 Willam ! You cannot tell me that sort of thing you know.' 4 Fact, nevertheless. Yes—I would just be going off to sleep nicely after being very restless, and I would hear the shower bath start I got up and listened. Could not make it out, because I knew no one in the house was having a bath at three in the morning. So I approached the bath room. The door was flung open, bub directly I got near it the shower stopped. I went in and no one was there. I left the bathroom and awaited developments. Again the shower pattered on the plunge. I rushed down, but there was the empty room as before. I have come to the conclusion the place is haunted by a somnolent sort of ghost, who can only be roused by extreme heat. I'm making inquiries in the matter.' 'The idea is preposterous, William.' 'Not it, sir. There is only one other i theory I have in connection with the affair, and that is that the wafcerpipes felt so hot that they turned themselves on, and had a bath at my expense!' 4 You're ingenious if not truthful,' I remarked. 4 From what you have said it would seem you doubt both my theories. Let me tell you, sir, ghosts have played an important part with regard to heat waves, and John Kendrick Bangs tells a good story about one that helped him through a scorching summer.' * Let's hear it then.' 4 You know he has written some good ghost stories, and meted out fair treatment to the ghosts. During one very hot summer a ghost called on him to express appreciation on the part of ghosts in general for his generous method of writing about them. Bangs began to shiver a good deal, and the ghost told him that was exactly what he required him to do. So Bangs dropped to the arrange ment, and whenever it was hot he merely bad to call for the ghost, who would cool him cff right down to shivering point. That ghost used to bend over his bed at night until Bangs shivered, and clothes were brought and piled on him. He used to wake up in the hot mornings fresh and bright, much to the annoyance of his neighbors, who could not sleep on account of the extreme heat.' 4 Any more of those obliging ghosts knocking round in search of shiver employment, William V 41 don't think so. But I'll write to J. K. Bangs and ask him if you like.' 4 What is his address ?' 4 New York.' 4 Don't bother William, thank you.' 41 was the victim of an old time joke during the week, sir. 4 How was that V ' I was complaining about it being some where near the hundred-in-the shade in this saloon when my assistant drew my attention to the thermometer hanging there. It was nearly 140 in the shade.1 ' In the shade V 'Yes. You see one of my cus tomers, who is fond of a little practical joke, got hold of the thermometer and dipped it into a shaving-pot that had very hot water in it. He thought he would scare me, but I've been there before.' 'Well, thank goodness, William, we have a plentiful supply of cold water to help us to endure the inconvenience caused by the rapid rise of the ther mometer coming into contact with the hot.' ' I don't know so much about the cold. I have my own opinion about that. The old woman tells me that it has not been necessary to light the fire to boil the kettle during the last week. She simply turns the back yard water tap into the teapot and it answers the purpose all right.' ' You're getting about as warm as the weather, William.' 4 Talking about water, sir, did you notice that the Magill people are on the warpath again V ' I did see something about it, but being interested in the water question only to the extent of its usefulness for bathing purposes, did not take a great interest in the matter.' ' If you lived in that village you would. I have an uncle there who has, or had, a very nice fruit garden. On Sunday last I thought a ride on the tramcar would be a change from the heated streets of the city, so I started out to see my uncle.' 'Plenty of them in the city, William.' ' You ought to know—I beg pardon, sir. I was speaking of my relation, not the sort of " uncle" you mean.' ' Ob, well, get on with your yarn,' 'When I arrived at my uncle's place I thought a mistake had been made somewhere, for instead of seeing the orange and lemon trees with their usual bright green foliage, and the grape vines weighed down with bunches of fruit, there was nothing but bare sticks.' ' A regular transformation scene, William.' ' You're right. Poor old uncle, he was nearly broken hearted. After spending the best part of his life in improving his garden to see it swept away in one act, as you might say. If Jenkins had been handy I think he would have had a bad time of it V ' Jenkins who V 'The Commissioner of Public Works It appears that several deputations have waited upon him and he has humbugged them into the belief that something would be done.' * Don't get excited, William.' * Well, it's a bit off, eir, when some hundreds of people are left without a drop of water from 6 o'clock in the morning until 8 at night. ' Did you suffer much during your visit, William V * I would rather not talk about it, sir T 1 Why so V * Well, the publican whom I usually call to see in the village had, owing to the scarcity of water, run out of beer. There was a fair supply of the former fluid on Sunday, and as the weather was hot I visit* d the watertap on several occasions. Ugh ! it makes me feel bad when I think of it.' 'Surprised your suction organs, eh? c It wasn't that, sir. I remarked at the time that the stuff had a peculiir appearance, and uncle said it looked like shandygaff. Excuse me for a minute, sir.' My Barber bolted for the door, and as he passed through I noticed that his face had the appearance of that of a landsman on his first voyage. He looked very white about the gills when he returned. 1 Feel ill, William V 'I should think so. It makes ma feel bad every time I think of it. A man had been fished out of the place from which the Magill people were being supplied with water, and it appears he had been cooling himself for about ten days before being dis covered. Oh, dear " As he showed signs of getting them again I bade him a hurried good-bye. 