SHORT 8TOKY THE RIBBONMAN O'KEEFFE. * The fox must sleep Bomettme, the wild deer mnstrest; * An' treaobery will prsy on the heart iv the best.' Sbaiius O'Bejjjb— ?' the mountain down apleoe middle ways from the white cap iv the snow f Tee, that's it. 'Well, shore its oalled the oaye iv slaughter, and was the hiding plaoe iv Jim O'Keeffe, the Ribbonman, in the dark time that's gone: , There's a pateh iv brown rook in front ; and iv a Bummer's evening whin the sun is going down, behind the shoulder of the hill there, Into the Itlantio, the last taste iv a glanoe he throws on these parts Sb on that dice iv rook and makes it as red as blood. And the boys and girls ooming in from the fields, looking at it, sajp, blesBiiig theireels and whispering: \- The blood iv the Ribbonman is shining very strong to-night. _ May God purteot as from all hmt or harm.' Iv a bonfi:e night too, whin the boys are hauling down the furze aud the bog aldher and the big bandies iv the heath to make the fire here in the borheen, and keep the blight off the DOtatv srardpn. I go bail there's not wan iv thim wonld put a bill-hook into that side iv the mountain for fear iv disturbing the last sleep iv the Ribbonman O'Keeffe and the false-hearted, beautiful girl who's there buried near him, or the soljers who've their ledaing till the Last Day in the bog mould iv Oorrin. Story is itf Wisha *tia the pityful story, and some iv the womin don't be in the better of htaring it, and will ent up crying and nllagonin', which is the nathure iv the oraytburs. Faith, I hear me grandfather, forty years ago, telling it over and over again, Betting down in the ohimbley comer, lighting his pipe wid a dhry potaty stalk to give a flavour to the bit iv tobacoy. Begor if 6 oitin it gev meself a shake thim times going up to bed, afterwards thinkirgand dhraming iv blood nnd murthar and ghosts and banshees : a young gossoon that bad no sinse and was afeard iv the shadows the heel iv the fire was making on the wall. Bd what me grsn'father tonld mt\ it all tock place after the battle iv Vinegar Hill. The oald cause was gone to the mischief, and the poor people was slaughtering t« gangs iv sdjers and Hessians who were tremboosing around the oonthry ating and dbriniting aud murthern' be Marshal Law for satisfaction, end to quieting the Rebels, as they said, after tbe Rebellion. Ton couldn't call a horse or a cow or a hin or a bavpurth yer own, to say nothing iv yer eowl and body ; aid tbe divil a snuff iv a candle could yc light after nightfall for fear iv drawing tbe eoljers to the house and they hanging ye for thrayson. Most iv the boys around this place that wiua t bjiui ur uuug iuua iu me muuDiaiuB ; living on the rabbits acd hares and the dhrop iv potheen, and taking vingance whin they see the opportunity. Woe betide the Rsd Coat that would dare to ebow his nose up the side iv Oorrin. Many's the purty fight ?was in and around here, I can tell you, whin the boys would stale down wid their pikes in their hands, and take a gang iv the soljers unawares, and lave thim there wid their backs in the bog a male for the crows and hawks. Sometimes you'd find as many as half a dozen iv the Boljers hanging from the three there beyant at the cross roads, in the morning; thin the people knew that the Ribbonmen were out the night before. Sometimes again 'twas some dacent father and mother's child from the village you'd find caught and hanged be theeoljers, or maybe lying dead down in a drain or a bog hole wid a gash in his breast, after crawling in, the oraythnr, for a dhrink iv wather to aise the faver that was burning in his inside. The head of all tbe Ribbonmen was Jim O'Keeffe, a strapping man, I hear me grand father say, aiz feet in his stocking vamps, and a carpenther be trade. He was tidy at settling the handles for the croppy pikes, and as strong and as courageous a boy as ever took to tbe mountains to strike a blow for poor IrelaBd. God helD us. 'twas little UBe for him in the iad. What between the eoljersalwayBcomin', no matter how many you kilt, and picking off or hanging wan man this time and an other the nf xt time, at long lest he came to have no wun only himself, and it's up there ahide he was in the cave wid nothing for company but his ould flint lock iv a gun. He'd creep down sometimes, and whin the throopers was galloping apart on the road there'd be the report of the gun, and wan saddle would be a bit lighter, or maybe two if be got the chance, and the Saseanaob soljer would have a could resting place on the side iv the road wid bis brains in the ditch, fir O'Kf ffc couldn't afford to mus a shot, not having the potpdher to spare. As for kctching him wanst he had the start through the bogs and hills, faith ! you might as well think iv ketobicg tbe lightning. If he got his heels into the shaky bog they couldn't follow him because there was only . one way through it, and they didn't know that ; and if you missed yer footing going afther him, you'd be swallowed down and river heard of again. The shaky bog ran up to the foot iv the. mountain ? there! youoansee it yerself stretching away there beyant the fields. At leDgth and at last the Government said, I suppose, they'd stand it no longer, seeing all their eoljers going for nothing, and bate be wan man ; - and, faith, they put out a re ward for O'Keeffe, dead or alive, and sint a half a regiment of soljers in the village to take him be fair means or foul, and find out where the divil he was hiding at all. Howsomever, wid all the searching and cross hackling and rewards, no wan wonld tell through the maces iv being so fond iv O'Keeffe, and hating the name iv an in former that runs down wid curses through the siven generations. Moreover, they didn't know, where he was hiding; no wan knew that . bat his sweetheart, Kathleen O'Moore— and churn 'twas the misfortune day for him that he bad anything to say to b.6r. Kathleen was as handsome a girl as ever stepped on the pink fluwerc iv the heath ; tall and straight as the mountain ash, wid a shapely face the colour iv the red apples in Autumn, and eyes as black as the sloes on the blackthorn whin the first touoh iv the frost is hardening the heads iv the curly cabbage. She was dairy maid up at the Great House kept in thim times be wan Mr Delany, a daoent man although u Protestant and a magistrate to boot ; and he used to interfere to save the poor people from the soljers whin it could he done, which, God knows, wasn't very oftin. Herself and O'Keeffe were very great wid wan another before the Rebellion, and whin he took to the mountains many's the time he\stoledown in the dark night to have a word, or maybe a kiss, from her; running his neok into the halter for- that same. Twioe or three times in the week she'd slip out in the night tune, or in the mists in tha morning across the passage iv the shaky bo; 'that he showed her, and bring up the mouthful of daoent vittlea undher her oloak, or maybe the little dhrop to keep up his courage. .People said that only for her he'd be gone away to France long ago in a ship than need to tun in the keg of brandy, below the rooks for the gintry, be smuggling, and the divil a word said about the duly, thraison or no. The neighbours niver oared very much about the same Kathleen, she was so flighty and quare in herself— always thrying to put on the airs iv' the quality, and dbresalng herself up out iv all raison wid the gowns that the young Mistresses used to give her whin they'd come down from the Castle afther the Levees, or whateomever they oall it. She used to say, she was as good a lady a» ray iv thim, and handsomer be far if she only got the oLanoe iv showing herself off. People thought it was very bad naythur iv her to ba talking like that, and every wan in suoh a state of thronble and misfortune, through thB manes iv the soljers, and the hanging, and the stharvation, ana the divil knows what, that was going on at tbe time, and that 'twas no good luok she'd bring to Jim O'Keeffe in the long run. The soljers, as I say, come for the taking, of Jim O'Keef« *-?-%%£ tiffi (feKSmsnt were^tfiBg-'in fllu^a,} iv j^ . Bna the Ulan who had oharge iv them was Oaptain Lennox, a tall, handsome Englishman, wid his long boots, and his red coat all oovered with gold lace, and a three-corner hat on his head, and a long sword hanging be his side. Oh, there's no two ways about it, he was a grand man entirely ! He see a lot of fight ing, 'twas said, in France and Spain and other foreign latitudes, and was a regular divil at dhrinking, and all aorta and sizes iv raking and roguery ; and as for the girls, the deuce a wan of thim iver sit eyes on him that wouldn't olimb the hobs Iv Hell to get a smile from the Oaptain. He was stopping at Mr Delaney's house while he was hereabouts; goouring the country all day for poor Jim O'Keefle, and dhrinking and dancing and card playing all night, and 'twas there he first sat eyes on Kathleen O'Moore ; and bad luok to him for hi§ throuhle anyhow. Thin quare ctories began to be going around, about the Oaptain meeting Kathleen outside in the grounds and whispering to her ; and her airs were getting grandher every day : and she was tying up hei hair like the young Uistesses, and talking Eflgliftod like the Oaptain ; and saying it's not the likes iv Jim O'Keeffe she need be depending on ; and people began to thrimble for the Ribbonman, and the foolish girl that had bis life in her hands. All at wanst she dhropped off going next or near O'Keafe, and the talk about herself and the Captain got loudher aud loudher. Ir course not a sowl dare to say cboo,' for four ir bringing the soljers down on their eolf, and thin 'twould only be the rope and th6 branoh iv a three, and no more law or logic about it. Mo wan could see tbo Rib bonman, aither to give him the beck or put him on his guard, not railly knowing where he was, and in dhread iv being followed if they went looking for him. ? The upshot iv it was that, I suppose he got tired iv being be himself all day in the mountains, thrying to snare a rabbit or stale on a plover ; or he was unaisy iu his mind about Kathleeu, thinking she was kilt maybe, or in some, thronble; anyways, he slipped dowa wan night, picking bis steps wid no more noise than a shadow. He crossed the shaky bog, frightening the snipe, and thin went over the ploughed fields and across the road into the grove baok iv Mr Delany's house: He climbed up the wall iv the demasne as smooth as a eat afther a blaokbird, and hid ing among the ivy, looted over into the lawn to see if the coast was dear, so that he'd give the screech iv the curlew three times, whioh was the token he always gave whin he wanted her to come out. Just as he peeped ir. he see the glitter of a goold uniform, for tbj night was beginning to get lightsome, though the moon wasn't due for another hour at laist He made out the figure iv a tall eoljer crawling along the shrubbery, houldmg his sword undher his arm, and poking his way, afeard iv making a noise. O'Keeffe got a start whin he see this, and pnt bis hand on the long knife that be had stuck in the belt around his watat. Hut, no ; the divil a notice the other took iv him, only Btood ondher a three near at hand, and gave a whistle, and a oouple iv minutes af ther a woman walked aisy and quiet down the grass iv the lawn, and joined the soljer ondher the three. Who was it but Kathleen O'Moore ! The Ribbonman held his breath, and couldn't believes his eyes ; still, there she was, and sure he ought to know her be fore anyone else in the world. They were talking a piece in whispers, and thin they moved over near where he was doubled up in tbe ivy iv tbe wall, and he could hear what they were saying. 'Oh, Oaptain, jewel,' says Kathleen, 'I'm getting uneasy in me mind ; afeard we'll be found out. How is it going to ind at all P' \- Don't you ihrouble yer purty head, me darling girl,' says the Oaptain (for faith, it was Oaptain Lennox himself). They had more whispering, and the Oap tain stooped down and kissed the girl. The Ribbonman's heart stopped, and he was ketobing his knife wid a sevare grip ? You know where the dam Rebel is hid ing, Kathleen,' says the Captain. ' I hear be all accounts that he was a lover iv yours.' 'He used to be, Oaptain, dear,' says Kathleen, ' but shore that was before yev put the comehither glanoe on me, and stole me heart .from him altogether. I don't care now if I never saw him again.' 1 Very good,' says the Captain, ' I'll tell ye what we'll do. I'm anxious to get out iv this boghole iv a country, and marry you and take you over to England ; end it a ttie fine life and dhreeses aud all sorts iv grandheur you'll have, and nothing to throable you for the rest iv yer life.' 1 And wjll X be with yer squills and all the grand ladies f says the foolish girl. 1 Aye, that you will,' says the Oaptain. ' And it's a finer lady you are than the beat iv them. Howsomever I can't stir a peg until we ketch O'Keeffe, and if you showed us where he was it's not long nor laisy we'd be in surrounding him, and thin you and meself were off to England wid no wan a bit the wiser iv it.' 1 Share, if I bethrayed him,' says Kath leen, ' it's banging him ye'd be, and what would he do thin r I don't oare muoh about him now. Captain, but I wouldn't like to see him hung for all that.' ' That's the mistake you're making,' sayB the Oaptain. ' He won't be hung at all, if yon show us where he is. Out iv regard for yerself I'll spake to the Government and get him only transported, and he'll be left out again afther a year to two ; bat if we take him by any other means it's hung or shot he'll be without any pnrleying.' ' And I'd be only saving his life to be giving him up f' says Kathleen. 1 That's all,' says the Captain ; ' and the day you do we'll get married and set sail for Ould England.* ? And suppose I was going to see him in the morning, whin the mist is on the moun tain, and that you and yer men followed me, aud found him out, enure, thin it wouldn't be my fault,' says the Judas iv a girl. 'That's exactly how it would be man aged,' says tbe 0apt8iu, wid a laugh. Just thin the Ribbonman was loosening wan iv the top stones iu the wall to Bend it crashing thro' (he Captain's skull, whin, as bad luok would have ft, it slipped away and down into the lawn, making some noise. ' Stop, stop,' says Kathleen, ' what's thatP 1 Oh, it's only an owl, or a oat, or some thing in the ivy,' says the Captain. ' How somever we'll see,' aud drawing his sword he walked over and dbruv it in into the ivy. But the sou of the mountains, wid the feet iv the weaale and tbe sinews iv the red deer, swung himself dear iv the wall, and dinging hia leg into a young fir three dhropped out into the grove, not stirring a lafe, as light as a bird. He walked ofl undher tbe threes without a sound and put on the road again, and aoross over, the ditoh into the fields. Here he. stopped for a piece, dhrawing his breath hard and his head Bunk down on his Ahoul dhers like as if he was stuck wid a knife, and he looked back wanst wid a groan and wiped his eyes wid the sleeve iv his coat; thin he walked away slow to the shaky bog. No wan could toll the quarn slghta and sounds the Ribbonman see and heard that night. The moon was just olimbing the baok iv the mountain whioh was all dark yet wid the rays shining out on aioh side looking like a big black figger wid two white arms stretching out to weloome home the broken hearted outlaw. As he passed undher the threes be the roadside the big owl that comes out in the night flapped her wings In his ftoe. A moaning sound was spreading in the tops iv the branches that shivered befor it and began wailing around him, and he knew 'twas the Banshee singing the mourn ing keen for the last iv his raoe. While he wint aoross in the yellow light, he met the Poxy Woman that walks the ploughed fields In the Spring, wid he long shawl oovered be her red hair, and her oorpse f aoo and her staring eyes looking at the moonlight ; and ahwoaZseeing- h5»-asaS5'su3aen''death. jkimg into the shaky bog tho snipe rose up wii a soreech, and whirled about wid the moon shining on their wet wings, and thin dhropped down again like falling stars (shure his star was falling too I) : and slip ping up the side iv the mountain he sees the whith fog that the sou' -west wind was blow ing in from the Itlantio spreading over the land like a winding sheet iv the dead. But he walked into the oave with a hud look on his faoe, and didn't mind the warning that bis dead and gone relations were sending him iv hiB doom. The place was all dark inside, so he struck the flint and steel, and went over to a corner and took up a handful iv the 'boohaleen' that was lying there, and made a bit iv fire for himself, and he sat down on the stone overright it. 1 1 don't oare whether they see the are or the smoke to-night,' says he, 'or whether they take me or not. Lave tbim take me and hang me ; it's no heart I've for any thing else, only I'd like to strike wan blow fust. Oah, she Bowled me to the Sassanoob, and shure I'd have laid at her feet and given her me heart's blood if she only said the word.' Then he took a pull at the 'potheen' (and shure the oraythnr wanted il) and sat down on the stone again, looking hard at tho blaze wid Dig tears running down his brown oheeks, and he snuffing and trying to koep thim baok. He began afther a piece ham ming wan iv the ould tunes and biting time wid his leg agin the floore, bringing baok the times whin himself and Kathleen were dancing at the oross roads wid the light iv love and fun in their eyes, and Thady Murphy, the piper, equeezing the bag and blasting out the finest jig that ever woke up merriment in boy or girl. Now and thin he niuu\ anna flio Ktarfl nff hill fap.fi nnd frivfl A Lit iv a moan, and thin he'd take a pull al ways at the potheen. By and bye the mist stole up the mountain and he sees it standing at the opening iv the cave like as if it came to keep oompany with him in his sorrow, for they had spint night afther night together on the heath, and miny'e tbe time it rose and oonsayled him whin the Hessians or the Sassanoohs were staling on his thraok*. He must have gone to Bleep thin, because the next tbing he sees was the bright morn ing straiming in and Kathleen standing in the fog at the entrance iv the cave wid a basket in her hand. ' I'm afther coming, Jim,' says she, ' wid the bit to ate for you. 1 wasn't able to be bete at all, all the week ; and Jim, asthore, how are you P' He got up straightening himself aud looked at her as she tried to smile the lie oat iv her face. 'I don't want it, Kathleen,' gays he; ' I'll niver take the bit and the sup out iv yer bands agin.' ' What ails you, Jim P' says she, noticing bis dhrawn faoe and the terror iv his eyes. ' Heavens ! yer hair is white.' And so it was as white as the fog that was peeping over her shouldhers. He walked over to her and looked into her faoe, and the big tears rolled down his cheeks. As she looked at the splendid man standing like a statue in cold despair, and Bee the tears triokling away, she thought iv the joy iv the ould times, and the way his footsteps in the borheen in the evenings used to make her heart bate, and then her treachery to him leaped up blazing before her eyes, and her head buug down in horror and shame. ' Run, Jim,' says she all at wanst, ketoh ing him be the arm and thrying to drag him like a mad woman, ' run for the love of the Blessed Virgin. You're sould ; the solj -re iB ooming. Oh, God forgive me! Jinn, asthore, and save yerself ; I'll stop here ; shure lave them kill me.* ' No,' says the Ribbonman, wid a touch iv pride in his voioe, ' I'll not run ; I'll stand me ground and die like a man. Run P and lave you to be ? God iv Heaven— what P . . . Ah, Kathleen! you'll never kiss the Sassanaoh soljer again.' And saying this, he drew the knife out iv hia belt and dhruv it into her heart. She shivered and thried to spake, bat the blood rushed out through her -mouth, and she fell on the floore dead. He stopped for a minnit looking at her wid the same wild stare in his eyes, and thin softened a bit aud stooped down blinded wid the tears and kissed her forehead, for the blood was flowing from her lips. Thin he leaped to bis feet and ran over and took up hia guu ted his powder horn and made out. The mist was rising. He crawled over and lay down behind a big lump iv a rook, oonsayling himself as well as he could, and peeped out; there, shore enough, climbing up the pass was a body iv soljers headed be tbe Captain wid his sword in his hand urging thim on. Fhey didn't see O'Keefle yet, as far as he oould make out, for they niver stopped. He waited until they came within range ir his ould flintlock and thin he oovered the Oaptain and fired. Down foil me bould Captain, tumbling oat iv the path to be made smithreens iv be the sharp edges iv the crags below. The min stopped and fired at O'Keeffe, for satisfaohun, but 'twas no use. They came on agin ; he fired and down goes another, and in this way they were advancing and he firing and killing a man at every shot. At long last his pow dher was gone, and they were nearing and -nearing. On a suddint he threw down hij gun and stepped out to the front iv the ledge over right thim. He tore open the breast iv his waistkit, and standing there he oulled out in a voioe that was heard almost down in the village :- 'Fire!' The sol j ere stopped. It was so onexpeoted it gave thim a start ; or shure maybe it was iu admiration iv his courage ; for a soljer is a soljet no matter what colour ho has on his baok. Thin they all raised their muBkets and fired together. Whin the smoke riz they see there lying on the free mountain, torn and gashed to pieces be the bullets, wid his faoe half turned towards the cave, the last mortal remains of the Ribbonman, O'Keeffe. — James MoOabb, LL.B. 