THE CARDINAL AND PRO TESTANT MISSIONS. (To the Editor of the "Australian Star.") Sir, — The meeting held in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening recalls the trite .maxim, "When you have a bad ease, make sure. ,t abuse the plaintiffs attorney." As fnr"as I could glean from the reports in tho public press, plentiful abuse has been meted out to me by the 'various speakers, but no attempt whatever has been made to reply to my statements regarding the Protestant missions in the island of the Pacific. What the ridi culous results of the meeting may be It is not for me to say. But It appears that the meeting of the prophets of Baal In olden times Was the very type of Tuesday even ing's meeting. "Shout louder" was the ad monition of. Ellas to the false prophets. He would probably give the same advice to the conductors of the latest Protestant united service In -the Town Hall. Any statements that I have made In regard to the missions In the Pacific, so far ..from being contrary to the principles of Christianity and. public morality, have had for their sole purpose- to set matters in their true light. Preachers who have made large fortunes In those Is lands and their descendants, -and those also who are Interested in missionary collections will very naturally! feel hurt at the truth' be ing told. Whilst, however, I use my' efforts to unmask the humbug . : and. exaggerated statements of missionary adventurers, I con sider that it is the thuriks of my Australian follow-oltlzens that I merit, and riot their censure. At times, however,- words have been imputed/to me which I did not use., -In .my speech at Kedfern, us reported Iri some ot the newspapers; a specific ' charge" writs ' made against the Samoan missionaries. That charge Is the work of the reporters, and not mine. I was particularly careful to. avoid referring to . the .missionaries., on/ that; occa sion. I have always said -that, engaged on this mission field, men ot earnestness, honest purpose,- and good faith deserve the highest commendation. The labours of such will, I trust, be fruitful, and their work will remain the heritage of true missionaries. But, view ed as a whole, those Protestant missions are manifestly the work of man, and not .the work of God; To Justify any hard words that I may have used I will endeavour, as briefly as the occasion will allow, to present a picture of a few of those islurid missions. I do not expect to convert the promoters of Tuesday's meeting. To them my only tvor'ds are the prophet's advice to which I have re ferred. . But I am . confident that our re spectable Protestant feilow-cltlzens Instead of taking offence will be grateful to irie for tho sketch which I give. I will BEGIN WITH FIJI, not only because It it a British colony, more closely connected with Australian interests than the other Island groups of the Pacific, but also because It is a mission field where, many of the AVesleyan preachers have made their fortunes, and In which . our ProteBtarit friends take special pride. An Anglican clergyman In 1890, writing of the Fijian- mis sion In "Parts of the Pacific," declured it to be- "the noblest work of the kind that Chrls- tiiindom had ever witnessed." The Rev. Mr. Lcvett, In his "Primer of Modern ' Missions" (Lorida/ri, 1890), styles it "one of. the most Im pressive triumphs oyer the evil heart of man to be found, in all Its long nnd marvellous an nals." Rev. "Mr. Dennis presents It as "an example of what God's grace has accomplish ed among us." And at a missionary meeting' held here in Sydney- only a few months ago (March, 1890) a Wesleyan clergyman gave those missions unstinted praise: "The Fijian mission," he said, 'was one of the grandest of the Christian era. Its triumphs were not surpassed by any mission In the world, either In the present or . past centprles." Surely, then, I. am justified in taking the Fijian mis sion as a test ease. ... The history of the first Protestant attempts to evangelise the Fljians may bo briefly -told. In the year 1797 the famous missionary shljf Duff landed 11 English and Scottish mission aries on one of the Islands. Scarcely , had the ship taken Its departure, when one of the party began to prevaricate, and very sootvby his open immorality, he scandalised not only his white friends, but. even the natives them selves. In a few weeks he was found mur dered in/ the native hut which he' had made his hotne. Another of the party named Va- son avojved himself an infidel, arid identified himself with the . pagan natives. In the words of the Rev. Dr. Brown, In "History of the Protestant Missions," /he "rni/ngled with the heathen, showirig a strong disposition to leurn their ways; in which he- at length made a woeful proficiency, and threw oft the mask ot Christianity completely." iVol., 2, page 200.) Three of the other missionaries were murder ed In quarrels that arose. The survivors took refuge in New South Wales, devoting them selves to pastoral pursuits. The Rev. Dr. Lang completes their history: "Missionaries," he says, "who had- been sent forth with the prayers of the British public, and tho bene diction of the London Missionary Sloiety, to convert the heatheri in the numerous isles of the Pacific, were at length found, com/verted themselves into stars of the fourth or fifth magnitude, in the constellations Aries and Taurus: or, In. other words, in the sheep and cattle markets of New South Wales." - The only memorial that . these first missionaries left after, them in Fiji was a forge. It / was probably the emblem of the Craft in which most, of .them were better skilled than in preaching the 'Gospel. . THE FIRST WESLEYAN MISSIONARIES landed in Fiji In 1822, : but 'the mission does not appear to -huve formally commenced till 1835\. It is their boast- that, through their efforts, within 20 years the whole islarid was practically Christian, cannibalism being abo lished, and; no fewer than 120,000 natives being reckoned among the Church attendants. There -are, however, some disagreeable facts which go far- to prove that the Wesleyan lotu adopted by the natives was rather a veneer for paganism than a sincere conver sion. Even since Fiji became a British colony some of the tribes have indulged In canni balism. It Is not so long ago that a tribe refused to pay the cotton tax, and good Wes- leyans though they claimed to he they killed and ate the European collectors who ventured amongst them. Julian Thomus tellB of the dealings of the high chief Maafu with "the native minister, a man of great fervour, who became convinced after much study of the Scriptures that he was a saint, and that an gelic powers were conferred upon him." A British Blue Book as late as 1886 gives an account of the fanatic Navosavakadua. who sought, without renouncing Wesleynnlsm, to revive all the old orgies of paganism.- In the words of the Royal Commission, "be com pounded a new religion out of the old Fijian myths and biblical stories." Thousands ga thered round him, and it was only when he and more than a hundred of fills .followers were shot down that . the newdotu collapsed. One of the lust acts of S|r Jphq; 'Thurston,1 as Governor, was to.' crush a somewhat simi lar attempt at the revival of cannibalism and paganism. The gradual decny of the population under the regime of the Wesleyan missionaries can not be questioned. One island which became a mission stronghold had in former times 2000 natives; It lias at present scarcely 200. The missionaries in 1840 reckoned the Fijian po pulation at 200,000. In 1870, in the official Wesleyan report, the number of natives was estimated at 150,000. Later, at the Wesleyan Jubilee celebration, in 1885, the population is given at 110,000. The Government census in 1891 reports the whole native population as 104,802. The "Statesman's Year Book" for loyy fcjtveo tut; iuvi.ui: uii'viui tonumic UO yytMi), Thus In half a century the population has dwindled to one-half. As regards the number of Wesleyan adherents, from their original estimate of 120,000, they had been reduced In 1870 to 105,000: in July, 1895, the secretary of the Australasian Wesleyan Society reports their total number ns 99,000. whilst he reckons the Catholics at only 2000. However, the "Statesman'sYenr Book"just referred to suffi ciently refutes the latter part of this state ment, for It gives- the number of Catholics In 1897 (the latest available ofllclal returns) as 9325. The Rev. Mr. Langlinm. as reported In the Sydney press on April 18, 1898, made the pub lic announcement that "the EDUCATION OF THE FIJIANS was entirely in the liunds of tho Wesleyan Mission." Here we have u definite statement, but it is one which can easily be shown to he quite inconsistent with the tacts of tile case. The Bishop of Fiji, Right Rev. Dr. Vidal, when passing through Sydney in 1898, gave to the press a report of the Catholic Mission, In which he says that the 29 resident mission aries, all members of the Society of Mary, are assisted by a large number of cateehlsts in teaching, reading nnd writing, &e.;, as well as religion. There were then seven Martst Bro thers engaged In teaching, besides 140 native teachers. There were also 23 European Sis ters nnd 17 native nuns. At each missionary station there was a school, and these schools were well attended; for :noiance. there were at the Wnlrikl schools 160 children, at Solovu 100, at Cawarl 70, at Rewa 100. At the close of the preceding scholastic year the Chief Jus- tice, who presided at the distribution ot prjzes, pronounced a singular eulogy of the Catholic schools, as reported In the FIJI "Times." Among other filings, he said: "I .have been, exceedingly impressed with the good work which Is being done among us by tlie Sisters and Brothers. 1 think it must be a subject Of great comfort to the parents to have here settled among us the ladles of the convent, who devote time, energy, learning, and the most delicate attention to tho educa tion of their girls. ' It is evident to me that the Catholic inhabitants are exceedingly for- tfinate in having such schools and teachers for their children. I wish these schools all the success that is due to the care and atten tion that is abundantly bestowed upon them." I will only add to complete tills picture that the Statesman's Year Book for 1899 gives the following Fijian details: "One hundred and thirty-six schools are conducted by tho Ro man Catholic Mission, the number of day scholars being 1705 In 1897. The Roman Catho lic Mission also maintains three schools for Europeans, at which 138 children received in struction during 1897. Those mission schools receive no State aid." What then becomes of the statement that Fljinn education was en tirely In the hands of the Wesleyntis? As I am speaking of statistics, I may here refer to another statement of Mr. Langham, on which .he lias repeatedly laid very special stress. The European Wesleyan clergy, he says, were. but a handful compared with the numerous band of Catholic missionaries, and yet they have obtained the grandest results. Now |t Is quite Irue that the European Wes leyan preachers are few, but that is only part of tho truth, for they EMPLOY A WHOLE ARMY ./ of natives,, several ot whom rank nB mlsslon- .arlbs. The: Rev. James Calvert, Wesleyun missionary In Fiji for many years, In a nar rative of the work carried on In, those Is- lands, published Boon after his demise In 1892, 'gives the number of Wesleyan agents: "With only nine white missionaries," he writes, ",we have 3911 native preachers. Sixty- five of these are fully ordained to the work ot the ministry." He adds that besides these "there are 3206 devoted class-leaders, who In struct the catechumens, nnd 2010 school-tea chers." Assuredly such an army of agents, each one of whom has his respective pay, must be: supposed to accomplish a great deal In staying the progress of tho Catholic mis sion. The "Statesman's Year Book" for 1890 gives the statistical returns at the present day: "The Wesleyan Mission establishment," It says, "comprises 11 European missionaries, 70 native ministers, 03 cateehlsts, 1077 tea chers, 2042 local preachers, and 4084 class- lbaders." . In contrast to this huge army the Catholic array of missionaries Is but Bcanty indeed. The "Statesman's Year Book" Just referred to gives the following statistics: "The Roman Catholic mission has 28 Euro pean ministers, 180 native teachers, and 24 European Sisters." ' . The Wesleynns also boast of the number of churches und other religious edifices which they have erected throughout the Fijian Is lands. , Rev. Mr. Calvert states that In 1891 there were "1322 chapels and other preaching places." The "Statesman's Year Book" for 1S90 gives the number as "972 churches and 339 other preaching places," In all 1311, It is to be remarked, however, that the . : QUALITY OF THE EDIFICE Is not always such as a spirit of religion would suggest for the House of God, A visitor to the Islands in 1897 reports that many of the Wesle yan churches are mere native huts, .but so wretchedly constructed that .even the natives would riot use them for dwellings. The mar ketable value of these so-called churches would not be riiore than sixpence each. The natives of late years have begun to complain that the- large amount which they contribute for religion 1b all spent on the missionaries and their wives and children, and that much of It goes abroad. The contributions of the WeB- leyan natives alone to the mission fund In six years, ending in 1896, amounted to very near £25,000. They may well ask what has been done with rill this money? The Catholic na tives, on the other hand, are asked to contri bute but- little, and that little Is all spent for the , ornament of religion aud the benefit ot the. .people. At an assembly of chiefs, held some time ago, this complaint was thus for cibly expressed: — "How does it happen that we have'.such poor churches for our religion— we who give so much to our ministers — while the Catholics, who give nothing to their priests have ; magnificent churches with .turrets and bells." On' that occasion a Wesleyan Roko, or provincial g:overrior,from the eastern islands ot the Archipelago, took occasion to - pronounce his verdict:— "Our religion is not the true one; It Is a religion' of money; the true religion Is the religion of the Catholic missionaries." Much might be said in proof that nominal Christianity Is the main result, In so far as re ligion is concerned, of the Wesleyan mission ary-toll In Fiji. I will cite, however, only Protestant witnesses that thus there may' be no suspicion of religious bias In, the ' state- merits that are made. Mr. Brlttoni in hla "Fiji In 1870" (published in Melbourne), gives an interesting account, of Ills visit to those islands. . The CONVERSION OF THE NATIVES to Christianity was, he states, "a purely poli tical step," necessitated by their obedience to Thakombau. Some tribes which succeeded In freeing themselves from his authority resumed their "pagan practices. Of the Wesleyan and Roman Catholic missions, he remarks, "The Fijians, in their own concise Avay, distinguish the two faiths by calling the Wesleyan 'no lotu wal-wai,' that is 'the oily religion,' and the Roman Catholic, 'no lotu Fopel,' that is, 'the-Pope's religion.' " The great bulk of- the W esleyan converts, he states, ore nothing more- than nominal Christians; nnd he adds: "Under the missionary teachings the Fijlrins have, made very little progress, socially ' and politically, excepting of course In the aban donment of llie worst outward horrors of hea thenism, as cannibalism, &c.; Their tvay of living. In the vast majority- of cases, ' Is' a3 filthy as It was In the heathen times, and it seems as If in these matters they are almost incapable of Improvement. Nor can the mis sionaries look forward to the future wRh much hope. They see the Fljians becoming worse instead of better. Drurikenncss IB' fear fully on the Increase, nnd though the foul di sease of European vice arid over-crowding have npt yet appeared In Fiji, yet the natives are rapidly decreasing." Of one of tlie native chiefs' who was most active In collecting for the. missionary fund, he tells us that in point of molality he was "a very heathen;" nnd he relates of the King Thakombau hlniBOlf, that long'after he lind become a fervent Wesleyan, he suggestively reminded an Importunate Eu ropean creditor that the flesh of the white man was as sweet as the ripe banana. Dr. -Berthold Seeman, who was Commis sioner to Fiji In 1800, in Ills "Account of a Go vernment ' Mission to the Fijian Islands," states that the Wesleyan Missionary Society derived a revenue of £1200 n year from the sale of cocoanut oil, and that "Mr. Blnnci;, a Wosloynn training-master, owns large tracts of land, and a great many small Islands." Of the na tive teachers, he writes that "their conduct has often been In direct contradiction to their profession' of Chrlstlanfty." The conversions to "Wesleyan Christianity were merely nomi nal. He Instances the people of Buretu, who "embraced Christianity, but when at u subse quent date the town rebelled ngainst Bau they became apostates; nor did the restoration of peace muke them relinquish their pagan reli gion. nnd they had at the time of our visit one of tlie finest temples In th'q whole group." One of the great chiefs assured him "there wore VERY FEW CHRISTIANS ' In -the group, und lie hated hypocrisy." Tlie motive of belief assigned by a loading chief, as recorded by Browne in his "History of the Missions," harmonises with this account. Tlie Wesleyan missionary asked the chief did he believe in the Christian truths. He rootled: "True! Everything is true that comes from lhe white .man's country; muskets, und guns, arid powder are true, und your religion must he true."- "Ten Months In the Fiji Islands," by Mrs. Smythe, the wife of another ltoyal Commis sioner to Fiji, tells us (page 173) that "the Wesleyan missionaries In FIJI confine their efforts almost entirely to Imparting religious Instruction, making little or no attempt to teach the arts of civilised life." She adds: "It-, is natural, where subscribers to mission societies are expectant of highly coloured reports, . and so clamorous for a yearly tale of converts, that the missionaries should ra ther direct their efforts to collect recruits than to train, soldiers It appears to us that these converts presume a good deal on their profession of Christianity." She gives an amusing example of "the Imperfect uc- quaintanco" of the native preachers with their new religion. An American settler at Laketn- ba, an, important missionary station, hud shot and carried off a pig belonging to a na tive.- The tribe being Wesleyan converts de puted their preacher to remonstrate with liini. He donned his best ofllclal dress, and pro ceeding to the American's house set forth In a 'long harangue the enormity of the crime. The American listened with respectful atten tion, and thank/id the preacher for the for cible exhortation. "But," he added, "the pig Is Just now baked, so you will plca3c sit down and Invoke a blessing on what God has sent." The' preacher, swayed by the Irresistible love of all Fijians for roast pork, bowed his head and recited a long grace, after which the two » culprits mado a hearty meal on the stolen pig.. , Miss Gordon Humming relates her experi ence ut n IV esleyan service In Vanua Balevu: "Our tendency to laugh was only conquered by our disgust on seeirig a regular- verger armed with a long fjtlck, who periodically rose from his kneeh.nnd walked about, ad ministering a resounding blow to any young woman who was not doubled up ut what he chose to consider tlie orthodox angle of de votion; while right in front' of the pulpit was placed n bench, on which silt n row of tlie principal men, all dressed in hideous black coots nnd trousers, and who, never protended to kneel at all; but the yorger took eiiro-not to see them, and confined his dlsclpllnnrlan attentions to tho women." At -another mis sion feast nt Vanua I, evil she witnessed the fervent piety of nil ex-cannibal convert. He "crept close to Mr. Langhnm (tlie celebrant), and then, as If he could not refrain, ho put out his hand and stroked litm down the thigh, licking his lips, nnd exclaiming with delight, 'Oh, but you are nice nnd fut.' " Mr. Julian Thomus, in "Cannlbnls and Con victs" (London; 18811); explulns- how it Is that so many of the Fijian natlvcB desire to bo employed In tlie '\Vesleyaii ministry. "Tlie POSITION OF A NATIVE MINISTER," he says, "Is one to be coveted by liiB fellows. It gives In. many things as much power as that possessed by the chiefs. The native pas tor Is always well fed, .and lias always tlie prettiest wife. Tho softest mat, the fattest pork, the biggest yam was his; and tho youngest and prettiest femnles awaited on him to do him honour," Ho met olio of those native pastors on the river Rewa, sailing in magnificent style In a double eanne, sleeping on a couoli, with two native maidens fanning him. He could, nqUCorhear. "smacking him on the bnolt, with the udvlee given -by u builock- drlver to a late Governor ot Victoria, 'You've got a very good billet, old chop; you stick to It.' " He gives the following specimen- of the sermon of a native Fijian teacher: "See what Christianity has done- for ub; we have a big ship to come nnd visit us, nnd bring us clot): and bends, Mr. Brown liaB a' big house, and is a powerful chief. ' All this . has been given us: then liow. good a thing Christianity is." An Angllcrin- clergy mriii. who did duty for a time in Fiji, In Ills work "Parts of the Pacific" (London, 1S90), already referred lo, states thnt even the high chiefs who wore converted had very erroneous Ideas of Clirls- tlnn practice or Chrlstlnn truth. One high chief, lie snysi explained ills billet Ir. the Trinity ns follows: "l-lo had learned lo be lieve In one true God. -alio had two sons, by r.nme the Holy. Ghost- and ChriBt." Another very religious chief, was so advanced -In civil isation that he resolved to have a sot of ar tificial teeth. He insisted, however, on hav ing "the old teeth, buried with full religious ritual, including, a long sermon.'/ IN' ACCORDANCE WITH- FIJIAN USAGE at a chief's Interment a lordly, banquet fol lowed: "Pigs galore were devoured by the numberless sympathising friends, who laid come to pay the- Inst tribute of affection nnd respect to the lamented teeth. But tin un expected feeling' of -disapprobation suddenly marred tlie peace and Solemnity of tho pro ceedings, when It came .to he known that tho partially-Interred gentleman hiul not only killed all Ills own liogs. to supply the liberal board, but. liud .robbed bis neighbours' pig geries, loo, far and near" (l>. 23G). Tho sume writer adds that "woman >is still the Inferior animal In Fiji. Natives have not been Chris tianised long enough- yet fur the women to have been raised to tlie honourable position allotted to them by Christianity." Of the native IVeBlcyans nt Lcvuka he pronounces the favourable judgment: "I nni persuaded thnt the most' fuStldlouu missionaries ot uny sect would 'consider their salvation secured', for were they nut . ail elnd in European elotlilng of tlie latest cut." I will only udd that a commission of In quiry in Us report laBt year assigned lirimor- allty as one of the main causes of tho DECREASE OF POPULATION In Fiji. Even the native chiefs had nt times complained of this, and ut one of their rokos, or assemblies, they raised their voices against it. Whon I ' referred to this latter fuel In ' the beginning of lust year letters in the public press accused. me of culuriiniutlug tie; Wesle yan Mission, and yet 1 wris merely usserting a fact vouched for by Itev. Mr. Lunglinm himself. The FIJI "Times" published Mr. Langhum's report on the Wesleynn services nt Bau In 9884/ In which he refers lo "the expulsion of n large number of Church mem bers for immorality, an evil which; we deeply regret to say Ib becoming, of moro frequent occurrence. . . . and. Is exerting such n baneful influence upon the social nnd reli gious fife of many around thnt It seems to us that we shall not have done our duty until public attention lias been directed to this growing evil, nnd public opinion has been evoked against It. We are thankful that tlie chiefs themselves have . spoken strongly In their recent annual council against the exis tence and spread: of this 'disgraceful Immo rality, and thnt some of our respectable co lonists nre alsq expressing .their disapproba tion of its toleration." Tills .extract will be found in the "Sydney Morning I-Iornld" of November 11, 1884. To- refer- to one only of tho religious abuses thafprevull. I do not know that anything can- bo -more painful than tiio accounts which we read -of tlie desecration of the Blessed Eucharist, not only nmong the Protestant sectB In Fiji, but, indeed, throughout nil the island- groups of tho Paci fic. The Anglican/clergyman < already referred to ("Parts of the Pacific," page 257) describes liis visit to tho' Wosleyrin Bishop, at Ban, one of tho most Important' Wesleyan missionary stations 'of Fiji., - This so-called - bishop was no other than the Rev.' Mr. Langham, well known In Sydney. His house was on the summit of d hill overlooking the bay. "At ' " tea:" ' ' (thus ' rumi the narrative) '.'his reverence guve me cukes made of dalo, Hugar-julue,' and cocoanuts, which- he told me he uses: together .with cocoa milk at the Sacrament, there being nelthor bread nor wine In the lnrid, except In while men's towns." The Wesleynn Bishop appears to have had a special rubric.- In other parts of Fiji a different usage prevails. MlBs Gordon Gumming, Iri "At Home in FIJI," writes:— "The elements usod- -are Fijian broad, gene rally of arrowroot- arid cocoanut'. nnd for wine the very weakest rilarel- nnd water, it being Illegal to give a drop .'of jwine rir spirits to liny native." This nbuse'of the Snerarnentul rite, as I have said, is not confined to Fiji. Rev. Mr. Ellis tolls us of the course which ho pur sued In his tour through tho?Paclllo Islands: "Wo felt no hesitation." lie says; "In using the roasted /or baked bread fruit, pieces ot which were placed: Iri the propor vessel." He .adds that some.qf his brother clergymen were under the necessity of "substituting the Juice of the cocoanut for that of tlie grape." . IN THE/TAHITI ISLANDS the use of the bread-fruit appeurs to have been general In the Protestant Churches. The native name for the bread-fruit is mayore, and In the Protestant version of the Gospels In the Tuhttian language the sacred text Is corrupted so .as to.-justlfy. thelr usage. At the last supper (we there- read) the Redeemer "took mayore Into his hands nnd blessed It, &c.;" In Chain Island, where the bread-fruit tree does not grow, the ministers use the fruit ot the cocoa Instead of brend, and tho cocoa- nut juice instead of wine. . In the Is land of Rapa the Eucharist is admin istered with the tare, a root resembling tli'e turnip, or large potato. Mrs. David, in her interesting work on "Funafuti" (London, 1899), tells us of the London Missionary fio- slely manner of administering the Holy Coin- . munion, at which she iyas pr/isent in thnt is-/ land: "Tlie Pastor .In eliurga Btood in front of a rough little table, which had some kind of vessel on It, covered' with a soiled sheet of once white calico. -He' addressed tho flock briefly, then he reverently raised the grimy cover, and revealed a sight which filled ino with horror, though One swift glance round the congregation assured, me that they saw nothing out of the usual way oil the table. The tare, which was to take tho place of bread, wub placed on two soiled enamel plates; the cocoanut juice,, which took the plucc of wine, was tit a brown crockery ten- pot, with a broken lid und spout; and the cups'. were Just the coinnion German beer glasses, with their metal tops broken.". In Tonga, water linrely coloured with wine Is used. -It Is related that at the HOlcmn Wes leyan administration of the Eucharist lit Nu kualofa, at whleli tlie new King, George the Second, took part, he on receiving the breud put It Ir, Ids poekot, and he dealt' wltli the well- watered wine In a far mule summary manner. l'erliups, however, we should nut be sill-prised nt these sacrilegious iiiuuvnllniis on the part of the Wesleynns and Indepen dents, for a few yenrs ago the head of the Anglican Church at Hongkong udvocuted tlie use of tea in the Eucharist instead of wine, and the Anglican Bishop of Nelson, Dr. Hop- licuse, relates liow he himself on one occnslon in 1S62 substituted plain water instead of wine. Any mission that desecrates the Blessed Eucharist, which Is the Sacrament of everlasting life, cannot fall to bring with It a malediction. Instead of an abiding bles- sire. — Yours, &c;„ . t PATRICK F. CARDINAL MOItAN, St. Mary's Cathedral, July 26. 