PERSONAL NOTES FROM LONDON. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, December 9, 1898. A very pleasant party foregathered at the Australian Club on Tuesday afternoon, when the Agent-General invited the South Australian members and a few personal friends to meet his Excellency the Go vernor. Sir Fowell Buxton, accompanied by Mr. Koel Buxton, arrived soon after 1 with Dr. Cockburn, and mv cordially greeted by llr. W. B .Wilkinson, Mr. Percy Arnold, Mr. Burney Young, and otlicr club committeemen. Three year*' " viceroying" have given the Governs* ease, experience, and graciousness. Thcaa added to his natural kindness of heart and innate courtesy enable him now to play, the iwtentate very successfully. On Tues day he spoke to everybody in just th* right key, and (n-hat pleased people even . more) remembered mauy whom he had only slightly known and not seen -for thtea years. There were by special request no Elxwches. Xbe Agent-General, of course, headed the festive board, with the Governor end Mr. Noel Buxton on his right and left, and Mr. \V. B. Wilkinson in the vice-chair. Mr. Percy Arnold occupied the seat of honor next to his Excellency, and then came Mr. Mark Aitenborougu, Mr. Bar ney Young, Mr. A. S. Uathbone, Mr. B. F. Conigravc, and Mr. Alex. Sutherland. Opposite were .Mr. J. K. .Fowler, Mr. T* i \ Wicksteed, Mr. Strickland, Mr. W. C Twecdie, Mr. George Ehas, and Mr. F. Wi Jiraund. The catering ol the club etfll leaves a. good deal to be desired, though . the soup and South Australian iamb on Tuesday were, lite Mr. W. B. Wilkinson's cigars, excellent. Mr. Burnev Young in traduced me to one of his favorite South - Australian white wines, of which he re marked affectionately that there was not a headache in a hogshead. I agreed as to the headache, but nearly forfeited Mr. Young's regard for ever /by hinting that X suspected colonial . Mines .of goaty ten dencies. Fortunately Mr. Mark Atten>, borough. tnrew himself handsomely, into tlic breach, declaring that though, ha had had gout occasionally he never suf fered the smallest twinge through Soutai Australian vintages. ■ 3IT. \ounv .seemed inclined to seize on this testimonial, for ail- , vcrtisement purposes, and it was univer- : sally admitted that a widely disseminated portrait of the genial and kindly lawyer, underlined with the words "This jb Me Mark Atteriborongh, who used to -suffer from pout, but now supports a painlesi .. and blameless existence on die Govern- :. ment guaranteed wines of South Australia. ■ ?'■■ ought to sell hundreds of dozens. - I should like to have put a lirect one* tion to his ExceUency^onceminjt his re turn to the colony, but felt the query .. might not be acceptable in public Tha Governor told me that personally the heat : of South Australia in summer time did not ~ inconreuience him at all, and that he mi -"J always quite happy providing -.-he «otiu? v ride on horseback in the cool of the day. Of Marble -Hill and its attractions ha spoke with enthusiasm. His Excellency and lad; Victoria Box- -.- ton spent last week end with Mr. Edwanl North Buxcon at Knkhton, a beanttf?l ; place on Buckhuret llill. They returned to town on Monday, and on Taesdajh as -: •; related, Sir Fowelr lunched with Dr. Cock* . ; burn. He is steadily eschewing. public - dinners and functions of all kinds. TChe. , family «pend Christmas at Warlies: It will be remembered that when thy Agents-General of the colonies, wim which the late Sir George Grey had been £ officially associated, met with a view to obtaining for "his remains the honor of in-, * terment in St. Paul's, * question arose \ as to who would defray the cost, and that .: Dr. Cockburn and the Hon. W. P. Beeves promptly pledged cop colonies they repre- - eented to bear a full share of the necessary - disbursements, intimating that if* char - Governments did not see their "way to honoring the pledges they would make the amounts good out of their own pockets. . Neither Governments nor A«ent9<Jeneral however, have been called upon to stand to the rfedges, for tie representatives <* : - the great —-oonsul have, as was generally. ' anticipated, insisted on bearing the entire " costs of the funeral. .... In spite of sundry drawbacks cue Aus tralasian dub continues to make very satisfactory progress with ite membership. Among the latest initiates is Sir OharJea Tupper, the Canadian High Commissioner. Sir Charles's only qualification for member- > ship is, I believe, that of being a director ;' of some Australian concern or other, but it passed muster with the committee, and -;j 1 don't think any of the members «ns , likely to object to the election. The fed- . - ing of the majority U perhaps best ex- -~ pressed in the oft- heard phrase, *Xet 'em : s all come." The members recognise, I■ ." think, that out of Australasia they will not; '■ be able to build up a sufficiently strong j : membership to support a house of their i on, and there are many objections to the * club remaining a mere lodger at the Ship' and Turtle. J : The battle between the Exploration Company and the lord Kintore section of the directors of the Sulphide Corporation, i .. to decide which party should "boss the) ' show," was fought out at the general; meeting held ou Monday, and resulted inj a glorious victory for the Kintorites. The j ;■'■ shareholders passed a resolution express-] ing entire confidence in their chairman 1 . and his colleagues, Mesrs. Keating, G. MJ Reid, and tlie Hon. H. Gibbs, and further, stated their opinion that the retirement of; Messrs. McDermott and Matesdorf (who; pose as nhareholdere' directors, but* are really Esploration Company nomM "■ nees), was imperative in the interests of the corporation. Both by his speech -and: ' his management of the meeting, Lord Kin-? tore proved his reputation for being one of the best chairmen of directors in the city, and his victory over Messrs. Lnkach, McDermott, and Matesdorf (Messrs. Sba drach, Meshacb, and Abednego, an ir reverent shareholder named them), waa emphatic, and it is not expected that the Exploration Company will join issue again in a hurry. The poll demanded by the Ex ploration party showed a majority of-; 203,263 shares in favor of Lord Kintore'e; ■notions, which were for the adoption of; the report and accounts, and the election' of Mr. Cox as a director. The meeting also < passed resolutions for tlie reduction «f: the capital from £1,000,000, divided into 550,000 preference shares of £1 each (ful-' lv paid), and 550,000 ordinary shares'of £I. aich <fully paid), to £9G2,500, divided into ', 550,000 preference shares of £1 each, and : 550,000 ordinary shares of 155.. each, such ' redactions being effected by cancelling capital which has lieen lost or is unrepre- ■ scnted by available assets, to the extent of ss. per share upon each of the said or-" dinary shares, and by reducing the no minal* amount of the said ordinary shares from £1 to 15s. each, and that the name . of the company be changed to "The Sul phide Corporation, Limited." In -die Australasian Club a day or so ' ago I ran across-Mr. H. W. Phillipps, who ■ had just returned from Malvem, whither he went a couple of niontns ago for a brief spell, and remained to undergo treatmetft at one of the hydropathic establishments. : That he had greatly benefited therefrom one judged on sight, and Mr. Phillipns con firmed one'« judgment fey stating that be felt stronger and better than lie had dooe for many years past. A few months ago *t seems, one of the leading London spe aahats informed Mr. Phillipps that Tie Y?njd newer be able to stand the South Australian climate again, and begged him to abandon all idea of returning except on •. brief visit. Mr. Phillipps was inclined to accept the physician's verdict, but is now confident that the man of medicine made a mistake.' He at any rate intends to return to the colony by one of the steamers leaving London next March. But «hat he will Btay in South Australia is, I on inclined to think, very doubtful. * Dr. Cockborn will be tie guest of the evening at the annual dinner to be held on Wednesday at the Criterion of the "old boys" of Highgate School, "who meet as the Old Ohomeleians Club, the toast of which the Agent-General will propose. The "Chronicle" is of course perfectly ; right in saying that the appointment of : the EerJ of Hopetoun as Lord Chamber lain wfll be prodigiously popular in Aus tralia. I may perhaps, however, be per mitted to express a gentle scepticism, with regard to the veracity of the following en caging anecdote. The -writer says Lord Hopetoun was whikt Viceroy never at a loss for a gracious bow or conciliatory speech. On one occasion, when visiting toe Zoological Gardens in Melbourne, in state, a printer's messenger, whilst wait ing for a reporter's "copy." in order to taSe'lt to the city office of a. daily news paper, improved tile occasion by walking np to Lord Hopetoun and introducing him self. The Governor bowed in his state liest manner, and solemnly grasped the proffered grimy hand. It is shrewdly suspected that the ap pointment of Lord Hopetoun, -who was only fourth favorite for the Lord Chamberlain's post, ia largely due to the representations of Ins friend, Lord Kintore, who as Lord in Waiting and persona grata at Court, bad ample opportunities to represent in the right quarter the ex-Governor of Vie , toria's pre-eminent suitability for the ■work. Unquestionably no living member of the House of Lords on the Conservative side could SI Bhe role-better. Mr. T. F. y. Button, who has, I regret -to loan, been ill, is now convalescent, and recuperating at St. Leonards. *- A startling and nrpleasint discovery nras made at the beautiful mediaeval epis copal residence of the Bishop of Bath and WeUb (Dr. Kemrion) on Wednesday morn ing. The lodgekeeper lives in a lodge overlooking an ancient drawbridge which i spans the moat, and when he got up at . half-past 6 he found six or seven inches of water in his lower rooms, and the water still ruing. Many of the lower rooms of the palace and private' chapel were also flooded, as well as the lawn. The hatches of the moat were raised, and the fire engine and a staff of men requisitioned, and the water was pumped out of the chapel, and also out of the servants' hall. The flooding of the buildings caused much ?fMTfnTOi?i« >ncaj and will be a source of dis comfort for come time to come. The re cent heavy rains have kept the water in the moat at high level for some time, and the downpour on Tuesday caused it to overflow the banks- with the result de scribed. Mmt i_ , ~ The above occurrence gave tie Globe s funny man an obvious opening, and this is howhe used it:—"Bath and* Wells sounds ' a watery see, atfl- Binhop KenniorV dis < courses are never dry, so bis lordship has at test the consolation ot knowing that the """.hup conld not have occurred more aurropriately to any other prelate." The Miss Patterson, who married Mr. !&. Bock Kitchener, the Sirdars younger hnrfher, on Tuesday .is a daughter of Hr. John Patterson, of Melbourne. Lord Kit chener played best man at the wedding, sad the cordial smack of the bridal kiss f -which b* bestowed on his new Austra s lnut.«ister-uriaw could have been heard at Some hitherto unpublished reminiscences of Kr Henry Parkes are, I hear, to be T ifanad in an article by Patchell Martin on Itie "Qneen and the United States," which ■' appears in the current issue 6f Dr. Dabb's >-,Seenfafeiitae^?eekly i "Vectis." ■ i£l hick dogs the managerial footsteps ' of "Dot" Boncicault. The new pieoe at the p iCourt Theatre (Mr. Esmond's "Cupboard ' JLiove") has proved even, a completer fiasco «\ itba?><xta predecessor. Not a single cntie i ■> lad a good word for it. «.? According to the 'War Cry" scribe who '"did" the thanksgiving meeting held by the Balvaaon Army at Holbora Bestao <\- xsni, at which Dr. Cockburn presided, this ! is how the £1,000 necessary to. the.con <, -tarnation of the wort of rescue among * - xaHea women was raked. He aa?:— I "There is a tide in the affairs of public * demonstrations, which taken at the flood ** leads on to success. Mrs. Booth, by her *«■ «nil telling n^dnroa \\\\*A \- a flood of feeling and conviction, and now |p Colonel ,Cox, calm and keen as ever when *c?—ww onsmess problems, tackled Pi*f*Ti**iiil 'f -*«?~, and engineered them' to victory. i 'Soon she wasiolding aloft a crisp bank ■■% note'for £5; then a little toy laundry . basket, containing a touching little letter ' from some of Mrs. Booth's grateful 'chil- U drea?' who had been helped and blessed, „. And f?ff^i7fiwg tilree half-sovereigns and a *, Axpence! Tien -we had artillery! The ~ tboom of the magnificent '£200/ mingled fwiiS~the sharp and effective gatling-shot S 'of ti«J*guinea. Sweden, in the person of fits jM?nfnandffy, Commissioner Oliphant. * jcontoboted 'one hundred kroner, Lord ? paonfeswU punctuated his speech with a * f£S donation, and the hon. wMfd X Jtwo gmnesa on his own account. Another « fnenfydgmfied £100; aChurch of England ? *cieEB^fi?Bn*-(Qod. bless him!) £2. X** ex 4ainv^risode followed. Colonel Cox an , Bounced that only £8 was needed to make j^ ( np £kg thousand! The chairman promptly x. mveSfr eighth. Gentleman walks np to 'file ODDt Jnth another 'soy.' _ Competition \\_r f ensnjes^ in which the winning figure is yTji?S«jfa?fth a slight margin for expenses. In'ihe presence dt several members of It&eJGhllder;) family, of Lord Glenetk. the Jtoe?fejSeneralfor Victoria (Sir A. Clarke), 65 G.tEnrieheart, Dr. White Cooper, .and £_ *a£l«?'in memory of the late Mr. Hojrh J" iChifilcni ms unveiled by the Dean of s ggK?Cgn-Jhe. Chapel Royal, Savoy, on Satiga&y; jglhtiitooh. Dr. Fremantle,' in •*n spproptiate address, recalled die many P itsaod. qualities of flic late distinguished n ri.itrmaii sad Awdo-Colonist. By the long-expected resignation of the f t Sisnop of Bangor, Dr. Kennion becomes \- entitled to a seat in the House of Lords. ' Dr. y«mntn^ was confiecrated Bishop of • " BaA mnd Wells on his return from Ade r laide in l?M^jand was the first of the two J. .ymifM' appointed ..fcv* Lord fiose- bery^' &c; otib&r; btfn^iltne bishop of Mere ' ford tr Jwno-'t§)l be^fo next to enter ■ the , XTpper House. The remaining -bishops now araiting their seats in the House of Lords/ are the Bishops of Roch ester, Newcastle, Peterborough, St. Davids, . Bj^tok__ Wakefield, and, wuen appointed, 'Bangor. Only 24 bishops may sit in the House of Lords at one tone, the others having to wait -their torn, and entering according to seniority of consecration. I never had the pleasure of meeting the late "Jimmy" Ty?on, but if the biographi cal details supplied to a contemporary by as ex-employe of the dead millionaire are correct, one didn't miss much. We are told that Mr. Tyson never smoked, drank nothing Etronger titan tea, "eschewed the minor luxuries of the table" (whatever that may mean), never kissed a. girl, and never visited « tbeitre or place of entertainment in !*?■ life. If these t.tiitigw are true one can only «ay "Poor fellow." The ex employe, heedless of the maxim ''De mor tms," 4c-, tells us farther that Tyson's charitable gifts were mainly of the invest ment older, but fails to indicate whether •"Jimmy" looked for the interest on earth or in the place wliere he has (tone. The example of New Zealand in passing an Old Age Pensions Act does not seem to fcsve encouraged Sir. Chamberlain to bopefulness regarding the possibilities of an English measure. His references to fhe sdbiect are entirely on the decrescendo scate. Some time sigo the "Daily News" * pribtis%ed extracts from the Colonial (Sec retary's speeches, and in a. letter to Wed nesday's papers the right hon. pentleman Bans even smaller. Instead of "Ifr. Chanij beriain's' programme—old age pensions." •we have come down to " the subject rls one of extreme difficulty, and not to be lightly deait with." Yet on July 12, 1885, the •subject was declared on liie tame autiio 3pty to be "so simple that everybody could g^mderstand it," end on July 4, 1594, ;o be >^" "4jnite ripe for legiiuation." The lengthy obituary notice of Miss Jane Cakebread (the heroine of 300 con- victions for drunkenness) which I sent you three months ago, was, I am concerned to say, a little premature. Though given out by the papers as moribund, Jane did not choose to die then. On the contrary, she got better, and was presently vigorous enough (though bed-ridden) to be able to launch out her left leg at a doctor ex- amining her, and break two of his ribs. This characteristic little display of spleen unfortunately alienated workhouse sympa- thies, and, I fear, that till the venerable lady gave up the ghost on Monday last, she had anything but a gay time. Jane knew she was dying, and looked forward to the future fearlessly. When she referred to the matter in the wards, it was usually to compare her dazzling destiny with the des- tinies of the attendants, whose ineffectual wrigglings "in torment" she breathed a neighborly prayer she might witness. To the last Jane retained her keen sense of humor. The papers are once again full of stories of the old woman's eccentricities, but I think I exhausted the subject in my other and previous—much too previous —article. Cakebread did not live in vain, as it was chiefly owing to her case Parlia- ment passed the Habitual Drunkards Act, which comes into force on New Year's Day. A variety of sympathetic paragraphs have been in circulation recently concern ing that prince ot old time single-handed entertainers, Mr. Fred MeCabe. One en terprising scribe consipisd "poor old Fred" to the workhouse, and wept copiously (in print) over the misfortunes of "this light of other days." But Mr. MeCabe is not dependent on public charity, and is not likely to become so whilst his brother, Major John MeCabe, is in the land of the living. The work house paragraph no doubt was the out come of a vivid imagination being brongnt to bear on the prosaic fact that owing to nn accidental fall on bin head Mr. McCabe's brain suffered somewhat, and on the advice of medical men the "wandering minstrel" was placed for a time in the Union Hospital at Oraiskirk—quite a different institution to the workhouse in firmary, in which we were told poor old Fred was pining away. Mr. McCabe's progress towards recovery is, I hear, very slow, but this is hardly to be wondered at since the sunerer has" passed three score years and ten. After many weeks of newspaper warfare George Towns and W. A. Barry, the con testants in the final heat of the Scoffing Championship rowed in September last, have agreed to fight their battle over again. The pair on Wednesday at the. "Sportsman" Office, and came to an agree ment to race for £400, the Challenge Cup, and the championship of England on May 1 nest. Each man put up £10 as a guaran tee of good faith, and must deposit a further sum of £90 on March 15, the final instalment of £109 each railing due on April 20. To prevent the possibib'ty of legal squabbles over the stake money be tween the winning man and his backers a clause is inserted in the articles by which the stakeholder is called upon to pay £200 to the winner and divide the remaining £200 among the subscribers to his stake money in proportion to the amount sub scribed by each individual. 