BBWS FB©Jff{rHE IBLAJBIDS. I the auspicea^of ^eBsrs. Barna Philp, ^ -marck Asehipelagoi The Reamer lias been absent from Sydney since iDecejn ber 21st laBt- ; She was at New Guinea Sust aftermite hurricane passed .over, , a&fl; t^aces of the damage wrought by the- stocrani ^fcrere visible from the deck ofth^ steamer as she cruised among the inlands. Among the passengers by the Mores by sire 3^ Campbell, the British mag-v tetrate in. New- Guinea, and Brother Lepvone^ attached to the Sacred Heart Mission, in the Bismarck Archipelago. The Motresby has brought riews re garaiiig the Sea Ghost/massacre and \- the punishment of the ringleader. The Sea^C&ost;* a 16-ton cotter, was recently chartered for the island trade. She was in. charge of Captain Kolshorm, and the . other members of her -crew <xmsi£tfid of Tialf a dozen; natives re cruited in the Bismarck. Archipelago. The cutter set oat from New Britain on a trading crqise. Mr Tirdal, of -ShortlaDd island, was the 1 charterer, and he had fitted the vessel out with the goods for bartering with the Da tives. The cutter sailed; under th£ German tricolor, and, on leaving her headquarters, made for the German Solomon Islands. TheIslands lie just - off the British Solomocs, and were an nexed by Germany a few years ago.. The natives are described as a fine" race, asdof good physique, but traders visiting the group ara warned to be on their guard against .possible attack, as they are noted-for being both cun ning and treacherous. Whilst showing a friendly digfrositioii to visitors), they have been known to attack traders' vessels with sudden and remarkable darings, and there is a long record of horrible atrocities against them. It was at one of these islands, called Bnkat,' that the Sea Ghoiat made her first ©all, and she had hardly reached anchorage before there was an attack ora tile crew by the shore natives. The attack was so sudden that the crew could offer no resistance, and ail but two, who escaped, fell am easy prey to the hatchete and spears of the sav The natives, as usual, put off from : \- file shore lit canoes, but In fits anxiety to keep the vessel dear of the dang eronB reefs, the captain had not notic ed that they were swarming on hoard ! the cutter. They appeared friendly, however, and wanted to trade with copra* which Is the staple product ot J the -group. Captain Kolshom was de» scetnding from the pigging when the attack was made. It was a complete surprise for. Mia, and" being unarmed, : hie possible chanceerf defend ing himself. He fell Teortally wound ed on deck, the body, so the story goes., ^ beiilg horribly butchered. Four of tb« j natives made a desperate fight, but th*» ? odds were considerably against them, and they were soon overcame. The other two natives were taken. prison era^ but they by some means or other .? ^^amaged^to escape. _ .:???; _ Meanwhile, the vessel had been rim beierij looted of ! everything of values, she was subse- : ; quiently destroyed. The captain's body had? beien. thrown overboard, and then : of the foMT natives fcrew> were/taken to the village for a canni balistic feast. ; ^ tbe massacre reached New Britain in due course, and a puni tive . expedition, in charge of Judge Schnee, visited the scene, and succeeded in capturing the native who , Was ringleader in the attack on the linfiartiinate craw of thes cutter, was 'duly tried at Herbertshohe, before Judge $chnee, and comdeimined to be hanged. The execution was expected to taSee place shortly after the Moresby left; for Sydney. Another item of news brought by the Moresby wae tbe -destniction by firei of A Btom, oomtaing 86 tons off ~copra;, at tbe Shoj-tland Islands. Tbe stope, which was owned by Mr Tindall. is supposed to haye been set on fire by, natives, Inquiries were being s made "with a Tiefwj of bringing the cidpitfi- % jistlce. Grajat, sympafliy Is feltfor Mr Tindall In his misfortune. Mr Tindall was also the owner of the Seta Gfioet. It was inteaded tlmt the Moreisby ^should call cbl her present trip for y the copra, cargo $rMeh_ was destroyed. The contents of thestore were uninsured so that Mr Tindall Ls aheavy loser by the diewsier. : Trading operations in New Britain, andadjaceni islaxids arei improving' andadditkMial tonnage has been order ed to cope with the Increasing biisi . i ; It . was reported whenAthe Moresby i^ that ail the large firms intended to . have auxiliary; vessels built for trading purposes. Messrs Hernsheim and Co axe importing one vfessel Irom San Francisco, the New Guinea Com pany 'are having one constructed in Cterniany; and the well-known firm of Jfarsytli and. Co intend having one built at Sydney. 