ik pk I ' OB, H,» Butt Won Her Heritage. I By Mrs. G. Sheldon, I . oAH of "The Missing Heir of I " l,rrhe Masked Bridal," Etc. Callonby, -no " CHAPTER IX. ,.,he will be a wretched womaw AI.L nER LIFE." .. tot comes and goes, hope ebbs and Hows, T.ike the waves ; Change doth unknit the tranquil strength of men." v . Basil Meredith was also a pas- X68i /- An/i Knnrti n nAtt an£r0r on tbe uermanio, »« r important, yet very trying, errand ,bfS Balph !" Ruth oxclaimed, the moment she recognised him, a note of Tr nleasure in her toneR, "this is the Htleman who was kind to me yesterday. rtSitk. 'hi- » a "ef01 L And now let me introduce my bnsband, Mr Plympton." The two centlemen greeted each other- cordially, although Ralph did not fail to ,,,il with a secret twinge, his pretty wife's' remark cf the previous day, regard- V her new acquaintance, that he was 'the very nicest gentleman that she had met in a long time." He could but own, however, that she had reason for thinking so, as he looked \ ,-nto the handsome, refined, and lntel'I- ent face ; noted that luminous smile, which was' its chief charm; the deep, sonlful, brown eyes, aud the grandly shaped brow above them. He thanked him, with a few well- chosen words, for the service he had ren dered his wife the day before, and than, ignoring the strange events that had led op to it, adroitly changed the subject. "I had not the remotest idea, Mrs Plympton, when I bade you farewell yes terday, that we would be fellow-travellers today," Basil Meredith remarked to Roth, after a slight panae in his conversa tion with her husband. "Neither had I," she answered, smiling brightly np at him, "but I am sre Urn very glad. I was sorry when 1 parted from you to think that I might never meet you again,'1 Bhe ingenuously concluded. "Thank you,'' he returned, meeting j her lovely eyes with an earnest look, in j which there was a certain wistfulnesa that ! touched her deeply. "What trifiing in- i cidents cometiraeB throw together people J who otherwise might never have met, j and give them a life- long interest in each i other." f "That is true," the young wife gravely r responded, but flushing at the delicate ; compliment in the words, " life- long j interest, " yet thinking that the incidents j which had thrown them together upon J two different occasions had been anything ' bat "trifling,' at least to her. " I trust that you are none the worse \ today for the harsh treatment you I received yesterday," Mr Meredith ob ' served, a light cloud flitting over his j countenance. j "Oh, no," Ruth replied, although she j lost something of her brilliant color, as : she recalled all that occurred, and the j anxious fears aDd donbts that had arisen \ in connection therewith ; 1 but all the ? same," with a nervous little laugh, ' I : am very glad to get away from New Ycrk." j1 They stood chatting for a few minutes ; longer, then Mr Meredith excused himself and went below. I " Isn't he nice, Ralph ?" Ruth que3- i tioned, eagerly, as soon as he was beyond j hearing. " Indeed, he is ; but it's a great pity that he is so out of shape," the young 5 man returned with a deprecatory shrng of - his own fine, broad Bhoulders. "And he had such a splendid phy- £ siqne when I saw him before ; he bore J himself like a king, and walked with a hep as proud, firm, and elastic as your j own. 1 wonder what terrible accident t lias deformed him," said Ruth, with a sad j face and a regretful sigh. t 44 He looks as if he had been very ill," I Ralph responded, " and, somehow, he j impresses me as also having some heavy j burden on his mind." j 1 Yes, I observed that, too," the young wife remarked. " I wonder if Miss Gor- ! eon can have anything to do with it. He i knew her instantly, yesterday, and she = acted very strangely when she saw him. j Then, when 1 asked him if he thought she j might not be deranged, he said, with sach j a strange look and tone, that there could j not be much doubt that she was hope- j jessly so— that there was no one more j hopelessly deranged than a soulleBS I woman." ''Humph'" said Ralph, thoughtfully, t that was rather a peculiar remark ; he must know her right well to have said duy i, Tou did not mention it yester- j r oA0' uh think of it ; neither did j think to toll you that he said he had j eard of you, J wonder how !" i wondered also, and, putting thiB ! fia hat together, he came to the conclu I ion that Mr Meredith must have heard j InezG lrou='1 h'a acquaintance with i e/ met him every day after that, j , 0.DId him extremely genial and j ertaunng. Ruth, particularly, was ' ry Bb"ongly attracted to him, her bohf8' sympathies being excited in his \ , . 0! accunt of the unaccountable S -l.'1?88 taat seemed to enshroud him, and ' because of his deformity. | ofL-Lb er Berera' entertaining bocks. ! limii J appeared to have an un- j mm while, sometimes he would ; com! i8'1 hie her and read aloud ,fi 'Bj'tainiog sketch or bit of poetry, its m '( By wou faH to discussing Bervnrw ' an( 'hua every interview and m reveal to her something new ore to be admired in his character. wnnU C0Ql, 1)6 merry, too, and often j latintr TOa 8r 'augh heartily by re- j him ."it80®0 amusing anecdote, while he bannio t 'ways seemed brighter and j On„ j 'heir littlo hit of ftin. j ii y y, she remarked to him : I well agU. escaped sea-sickncss as vege T'8 Are you n0Ver ill during a AtW?' 0V6n 'hoogh I have crossed the ills to h maiJy "me3 » but— I have other (icljn 8f,r 'hat are far worse than sea- witb 1,'j . re'ume(i, glancing down, der. amile, at his misshapen ahonl- feferrl!? ,®r3'i ''m9 that he had ever ffejk.j ' h'_s misfortune, and Ruth touched 88ltl'ely, and yet she was enonvh w;(T, he Bhould . feel friendly Ah i t speak of it. gently';. .yoa 8uffer from that ?" she lovely eyeUlred' a Pihifixl gleam in her a® Zn86ly' a' times— it is for that I hiefl all !l-atoa<l" he said. " I have cnntj of treatment in my own see what p now am going to Paris to 1 >m m ?'1 surgery can do for. me. whenTm , 1 was, Mrs Plympton, claded _.e' yu two yeass ago," he con-, "g''hasadsmite. 1Q0sticneT, Hoftlyld lk haPPen ?l Rnth The inqntry might havo seamed corions and almost impertinent from anyone else, but the tone, the look, the slight quiver of the sweet, sensitive lips, told her com panion that her whole soul was thrilling with sympathy for and womanly interest in him. But the effect which it produced sent a terrible shock quivering through the fair young wife, for the man suddenly grew deadly white, while his face became almost convulsed with agony over some blighting memory which, her query seemed-to have aroused. "Oh, forgive me 1 don't tell me 1 I should not have asked that," she tremu lously falte.-ed, an expression of dismay sweeping over her own features. " Nay, little woman, do not be troubled or reproach yourself," he replied, re assuringly, as he quickly recovered him self. " It is a great comfort, ' believe me, to a lone man situated as I am, to know that there, is even one - true, gentle woman in the world to. feel an interest in him. My deformity, " he went on, the lines about his month hardening a trifle, " was caused by an accident, shortly after I met you, two years ago." He paused a moment and then resumed in a cold, repressed tone : A few months previous to that time, 1 had learned to love, and believed I had won, a very beautiful woman. To me she seemed to be the most perfect being in the wide world, and 1 allowed myself to make a voritable idol of her. We were to be married just one month after my meeting with you. A few days latter we went together to call upon a friend, and it seemed to me that there cctnld be no one living so inexpressibly happy as I was, that day, in the companionship of my betrothed. " I had just assisted her to enter the carriage, after leaving the house of oar friend, when a newspaper was blown be tween the feet of onr horses and they instantly took fright. I sprang to their heads and tried to hold and calm them, but, with that paper still rattling abont their heels, they became utterly un manageable, and though I checked them just long enough to give my companion time to Bpring uninjured to the ground, I was thrown beneath them and terribly trambled upon, the carriage also passing over me, as they sprang forward in their mad flight. " I was taken up unconscious, and for weeks my life was despaired of. When I Anally began to mend, it was to learn that I was a hopeless cripple. Of course I could not bow submissively to such a terrible decree and persisted in trying every skillful surgeon, within my reach. The moBt that any of them havo done for me has been to give me temporary relief from my pain ; they tell me that is all that I can expect. But I am young — only twenty-seven —and 1 rebel against the prospect of a long life of suffering, to say nothing of being hampered with this misshapen -body ; so I resolved to make one more effort to better my condition ; aud my present errand abroad is to test the skill of certain renowned surgeons in France. I. am obliged to confess, how ever, that 1 have but little hope to cheer me on my way, " he concluded in a tone that was inexpressibly sad. Ruth uttered a long sigh of regret as he ceased, while two large tears escaping from beneath her golden lashes, relied over her cheek and fell upon her hands as they lay npon her lap. Basil Meredith saw them and started slightly, while a flush arose to his temples. "Ah ! pray do not grieve — like that, for me," he said in an unsteady voice. " I am nnused to sympathy, for I live almost the life of a recluse, having no relatives ; even the woman, from whom I had the right to expect so much, turned from my misshapen body in contempt, the first time she saw me after my accident and coolly informed me that she could never marry an unsightly cripple." " Oh 1 how utterly heartless 1" breathed Rnth, in a shocked tone, " and after yon had saved her life at the risk of yonr own, and at such a sacrifice 1' " Ye3, there can be no doubt that my promptness in checking the horses was her salvation," said Mr Meredith. " Then she owed her life — her deepest gratitude and love to you ; she should have regarded it her highest privilege to devote her fnture to you and your com fort," cried the young wife earnestly. "But she did not love me, you per ceive," responded Basil Meredith, in a bitter tone. " How conld she help it ?" Ruth im pulsively exclaimed, as she lifted a look- half of wonder, half of admiration to him ; and then she blushed rosily at her own words. Mr Meredith's gloomy brow cleared and he laughed out musically. Then removing his cap from his head he bowed low before her. "Thank you, Mrs Plympton ; I have not had such a "genuine compliment in years," he said ; then added with a strange thrill in his tones. "If I could only have had a Bister, like you, to turn to during these years of trouble and suffering, I should have been a, far happier man. However," he- went on, straightening himself and lifting his fine head proudly, ' 4 although the awakening from that fair dream of my life was a rude one, I have since been thankful that it waB a timely one, and have come to regard the author of what was once a bitter disappointment with only pity and contempt— there is nothing bo pitiful and despicable as a souIIbbs woman." 44 Ah !" thought Rath with sadden enlightenment, 44 that 4 soulless woman ' was Inez Gordon; she never could have, really loved him, or she would noi- have thrown him over. What if he is a little deformed and lame 1 — he is perfectly grand morally and intellectually, and any woman might be proud to be his wifel That was two years ago," she went on musingly, 44 then it conld not have been so_very long ago that Ralph met her. I wonder if she really cared for him f Ah r no," with a sudden Btart; "for she told me she had 4 broken her heart for another I before she ever met him I' Then, she did ! love— as .well perhaps as she could love : any one besides herself — Basil Meredith, I and it was only her pride that kept her j from marrying him. She was like a I ghost yesterday when Bhe Baw him, ana | there was in her eyes a look of despair ! that told of keen suffering." She seemed so grave and thoughtful, Mr Meredith began to fear that he had saddened her with his doleful story. " I am afraid I have wearied you," he gently remarked. "Pray, Mrs Plymp- ton, do not let what I havo told yon weigh upon yonr heart for one moment. I hardly know how 1 happened to tell you this story, that has never passed my lips before, unless it was your gentle and womanly sympathy charmed it from me. " I am thankful that you deemed me worthy of your confidence," Ruth gently returned ; 44 but it waB a dreadful thing for that women to tura coldly from you when you needed her most. "I should have offered her freedom, even if she had not repudiated me, the gentleman quietly returned .'Do yon not think she would be justified in accept- 1D" Justified 1 No! No true woman .would have listened to such a suggestion. She would have clung to you all the more £01««But it would be a sad thing to have a peerless, beautiful woman bound to such a shapeless clog," he began bitterly. " Don't ! oh, please do not speak like that,' Ruth interposed, a wave of pain creeping over her beautiful face. 44 This " — just touching him with the tips of her taper fingers, while she lifted her wonder ful eyes, in which there was almost a look of reverence, to his— 44 this is not the real you ; that no accident could change ; that would still have been hers ; and Bhe will ba a wretched woman all her life to have lost so much." The young man gazed at her wonder- ingly for a moment. He was profoundly touched. His lips were tremulous, and, but for his manhood, he could almost have wept over her divinely comforting words. 44 Mrs Plympton," he said, at last, but in a voice that was far from steady, 44 you are the sweetest comforter in the world. You shame me; and henceforth, I will try to be worthy of the tribute you have just paid me." CHAPTER X. 44 coming events cast titt.tr shadows BEFORE." " Fate steals along with silent tread, Found ofbenest in what least we dread ; Frowns in the storm with angry brow, Bat in the sunshine strikes the blow." For several days afterward Rath was almost constantly haunted by the sad story that Basil Meredith had related. Again and again she would seem to see the look of pain that had clouded his expressive brown eyes ; the sensitive quiver abont his mouth; the palor chat blanched his grand face to the hue of marble, and the beads of agony that lay upon his massive brow aa he spoke of the great sorrow of his life. . She never for get the vivid word-picture that he had portrayed for her. That graphic sketch of those prancing terrified horses, as he vainly strove to control them ; while that beautiful girl, intent 6nly upon her own safety, had sprung to the ground. She saw tb.e swaying carriage, that prond, grand form thrown to the -earth and ruth lessly trampled beneath the iron hoofs. She saw him lying there, bleeding and unconscious, while the heavy vehicle rolled over him. Then, later, upon his bed, where he had spent long months of suffering, whioh was supplemented by the greater mental agony, npon learning that the woman he loved was false— that she. had heartlessly forsaken him — leaving him to drag oat his broken life alone in bitterness of spirit too deep for expres sion. 44 How conld Bhe ! Oh 1 how conld she havo done it ?" Rath often found herself saying, over and over to herself, "How could she have given a second thought to the maimed body — that had been sacri ficed for her — when, all her life, she would have that grand, ideal face to look into and smile back at her 1 Those great, truthful, loving eyes to beam affection npon her ; those tender lips to kiss her. and that great, trne, self- sacrificing heart to beat only for her 1" But, after such reveries as these, she would suddenly start ; her face flashing with a sense of guilt, as if, somehow, she had been disloyal to Ralph, in allowing herself to feel sach excessive reverence ana admiration for any other man. Still, she told herself, that it was only pity for his loneliness and sympathy for his infir mity that caused her to feel such an inte rest in him. The voyage was a delightful one, and Ralph Plympton and his pretty wife made many pleasant acquaintances ; but the friendship that was formed oetween them and Basil Meredith was destined to bear results in the near future that nei ther of them dreamed of at that time. On the very last day of the voyage a singular incident occurred; one which, although it seemed utterly intangible in the way of utility, seemed to Ruth to have peculiar bearing upon certain facts connected with the straDge story that sfie had learned from her father a shoxt time before his death. She had just come np on deck after lunch, and was passing around one end ol the saloon, to get to her chair, when she suddenly came npon two individuals whom she had not seen before since the steamer sailed. One was an elderly gentleman, who was enveloped from his chin to his heels in a travelling nlster. He wore a far cap upon his head, the side pieces being drawn down over his ears, while a volu minous muffler was drawn around his neck. His face— what could be Eeen of it — was pale and " thin, and he seemed almost too feeble to walk, for he leaned heavily npon the arm of his companion, who, evidently, was his servant, and car ried a cane in his other hand. His attendant was also somewhat re markable in appearance. He was of medium stature, rather thickset, and apparently about forty-five years of age. His skin was a dark olive, without a par ticle of color to relieve its swarthy hue ; his eyes were rather small, but intensely black and piercing, with a cunning, sinis ter gleam in their midnight depths ; while his hair was as white as snow — as was also the full beard that entirely con cealed the lower portion of his face; : The moment Ruth came opposite this Btrango-looking couple the younger man gave a violent start, and nttered a sharp exclamation of "astonishment. 44 Eh 1 what is it ?" exclaimed the inva lid, turning upon him, with alert curio sity. 44 What made you jump like that, John Payne 1 Ah 1— aha ! — ah 1" he eja culated, as his own glance now fell npon the fair young wife, while he halted directly in her path, thus barring her. progress, and stared at her beautiful face nrith a look of astonishment — almost amounting to wildness. - 41 Good heavens, Payne I is it that picture come to life?" Ruth heard him mutter under.his breath. At the same moment his cane dropped from his nerveless hand, and fell directly at her feet ; whereupon a mighty Bhock went quivering through her own frame as she involuntarily glanced down upon it. It was an elegant affair of some highly polished wood, but the head was the exact counterpart of the thnmb-piece of that key which Sir Amos Rothwick had sent to her great-great-grandmother when he was dying 1 only it was made of gold and beautifully and skilfully wrought. It was the Rothwick coat-of-arms — a thistle above two olive leaves I Rath Plympton's own face lost every atom of color as she stood there looking down upon that peculiar device. The next moment the servant had lifted the cane and returned it to his master, who, after bestowing another searching, corions look upoD the face that had startled him bo, averted his' head, turned nervously away and passed on. 44 How very Btrange 1" Rnth mur mured, as she turned to gaze after him. " Who can they be 1 That disagreeable, Spanish- looking man he called by the very English-sounding name — John Payne ; bnt I would give a great deal to know his own. That cane would seem to indicate that he must be a — Rothwick ; but I have seen nothing like the name upon the passenger list." She drew a tablet from the pocket of her cloak as she spoke, and, sinking down upon the nearest chair, began to study it attentively. _ . , , . 44 No," she said, with a Bigh of regret, after her eager eyes had searched, the entire passenger list, 44 not even the name of John Payne Is here. The only clue to the identity of either that I can find are two persons registered as 4N. Roswell and servant.' 44 But, I am impressed that that old man is akin to my mother," she continued, thoughtfully. "That cane, alone, would seem to prove it, for it is not likely that anybody but an heir of the honse of Rothwick would carry abont its coat-of- arms so conspicuously. Then, too, how startled they both appeared, aB they came upon me so suddenly 1 and that Btrange remark about some picture coining to life 1 Oan it be possible that J, four generations removed, resemble the por trait of some member of the Rothwick family ?" She sat there a long time, musing npon the singular adventure, and then she went roving about the steamer, in the hope of encountering the strange couple again. But they were nowhere to be found, and she did not see them again , although, apon making inquiries of one of the stewards, she learned that there was on board an old gentleman, who was very much of an invalid, and closely Gonfined to his state-room, where he demanded the constant attendance of his valet or con fidential clerk, whichever he might be. The next day the Germanic steamed safely' into port, when its many pas sengers, who had lived so harmoniously together for' a week, vanished, as if by magic, and. went their several ways. Mr and Mm Plympton and Basil Mere dith travelled in company as far. as London, where they also were obliged to part, as Ralph and his wife were to remain in that city for a couple of weeks, while Mr Meredith had arranged to go directly to Paris. "I am going to the St. Antoine Hospital," he gravely told them, 44 where I expect to undergo a painful operation within a few weeks. If I get safely through it," he .corrected with a quick glance at Ruth, 44 it will doubtless take me Borne time to rally from the shock to my syBtem, and it wonld give me great pleasure, as well as help to break the monotony ef . my long confinement, to receive an, occasional visit from you, since you tell me you are to be in Paris for several months." "Oh, we will surely come to see you," Ruth exclaimed, a great pity shining in her blue eyes, while a Bharp pain, like the thrnst of a knife, had pierced her heart when he Bpoke in that doubtful way of the possible result of the coming operation. 44 We Burely will not neglect to visit you, just as Boon as we are allowed, will we, Ralph 1" she concluded, turning to her husband to conceal the tears that would start in Bpite of her efforts to repress them. . 44 No, indeed, we will not fail to look yon np immediately upon our arrival," heartily responded the young man. Then, with cordial but regretful fare wells, they separated, each with a fear that they might never meet again. Then there began a round of pleasures and Bight-seeing for .Ralph and his wife in great, busy, bustling, interesting London. Of course, he had been over the same ground before, but it was a source of in tense enjoyment to him to watch Ruth's delight and enthusiasm over every spot which they visited. The little lady was exceedingly well versed in historical lore, and he was obliged to look well to his own laurels while acting as her guide over famous localities, and through the many noted castles, palaces, etc, which they visited. They had been in London less than a week, when Ralph received a letter from the proprietor of the Ellsmere Hotel, where they stopped while in New York. But it proved a very disappointing epistle, for the gentleman wrote in re sponse to the yonng -man's inquiries regarding the lost marriage certificate, that although he' had "caused a; thorough search to be made immediately upon learning its loss, the document conld hot be found. It certainly was not in the Bible, he said, where Ralph had declared it wonld be discovered, for he himself had care fully examined the volume, while he also had cauBed tthe closet and dressing-case to be thoroughly searched. He remarked that a chambermaid had put the apartment in order for another guest directly after their departure, and upon qnestioning her she admitted that she had gathered up some papers from the floor, and thrown them out into the rnbbish barrels, bnt even a careful over hauling of these receptacles had failed to bring to light the important paper. He concluded by courteously expressing his regret over the failure to find it, and trusted that no unpleasant result would follow the Iobs. Ruth grieved Borely over this frustra tion of her hopes, for, to her, it Beemed that the possession of her marriage certificate was a matter of great import ance. But Ralph, though- he was somewhat irritated over the occurrence, said it was really of no special consequence, .for there was plenty of evidence to prove that he had legally married her. Although he had not registered his full name at the hotel, he had caused it to appear on the passenger list of the Germanic, while he had also introduced her to numberless people as his wife. Besides all this, there was' still the justice to whom they could appeal, if necessary, and back of him, the records to vouch for the lawful ness of the ceremony. ' Yes, it all seems very clear that their marriage could never be questioned, and so the little wife was reassured, and con cluded that the loss of the certificate did not really matter very much, after all. Alas 1 how mnch grief a little careless ness will sometimes entail. What may seem but a 44 trifle " to-day may become a mountain to crush us to morrow. A little incident, which also seemed but a " trifle " at the time, occurred in New York city on the very day that onr newly wedded couple sailed for Europe. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon a small nrchin about ten years of age stood on the corner near the Ellsmere Hotel, with a bundle <Jf papers under one arm. Business did not appear to be very brisk, and he amused himself by study ing the faces of the people who passed him, while every now and then he would lustily shout the names of the evening papers he had on sale. Presently a carriage drew np to the sidewalk close by him, and a lady alighted from it. - 44 Evening Sun — Evening ' World?' queried the nrchin, bouncing np to her, and, heedless of eveiything but to reduce his stock-in-trade, he did not look where he was stepping, so trod directly npon her sweeping, elaborately trimmed skirt. She turned npon him with an angry flash in her great black eyes. 44 What are you about, you little imp V she cried, in a tone of passionate disgust, as her glance fell upon the dirty bare feet that securely pinned her delicate dress to the ground. 44 Sun, World, News ?" he repeateji, his curious eyes fastened npon her bril liantly beautiful face, and still intent upon selling a paper. Without deigning to reply, the woman lifted her daintily gloved hand and dealt a resounding slap upon tbe cheek and ear nearest to her. "Take that, you young beggar, for your insolence, and get off my dress," ' ahe angrily oried. - j The attack was so unexpected that the little fellow staggered backwards a few stepB, whereupon, released from his un comfortable predicament, his assailant swept on towards the ladies' entrance to the hotel, without once glancing behind her. The lad stood astounded and speech- \- less for a moment, rubbing his smarting cheek. Then he made a dash after that haughty figure, reaching the entrance before the door had time to fully close after her. Thrusting his head in at the aperture, and, leering viciously Into the proud face, he wrathfully told her to go to a very warm place — 44 and roast." She paid not the slightest heed to him, save to curl her red lips with a Blight Bmile of scorn ; fcut, an employee of the honse coming forward to drive away the disreputable intruder, he vanished and was aroond the corner before the man reached the door. _A couple of hours later the same boy might have been seen industriously over hauling one of the rnbbish barrels in the rear of -the Ellsmere Hotel. He was evidently hunting for Btamps, as he eagerly seized npon every envelope that bore one, while he threw away those that had none. He also carefully pre served 'every scrap of, blank paper that could be detached from old letters. 44 Gosh,!., what's this : 'ere 1" he mut tered, as he- came upon a folded, fresh- looking document -that rattled noisily in his grasp. . But a look of astonishment overspread his face as, upon examining it, he found both writing and printing on the inside. 44 Humph 1— praps the back!ll do to practice on," he said, as he refolded it and pat it with the promiscuous assort ment in his hands. ' That paper was Ruth Plympton's pre cious marriage certificate. The . chambermaid, while putting , Ruth's room iu order, after the young I couple's departure that morning, had knocked the Bible from the table, when the paper had slipped out upon the floor, where it was afterwards gathered up with others, and thrown oat among the rub bish. Ralph's letter, enquiring for it, was not received . until evening, when the room was immediately searched ; bnt the" rub bish wag not examined until the next morning, when, of course, it was too late, to secure the prized document. The woman w;ho had smitten the little lad bo brutally upon the cheek was Inez Gordon. She had driven to the hotel to ascertain if Ralph Plympton and his wife had really sailed for Europe. ; What oqnhection have these two appa rently trifling incidents, and how can they ever'be woven into the. web, and be made to fit into the plot of onr story 1 Ah 1 we shall see 1 (To he Continued). 