THE DOCTOR'S DOLL. The doctor took but one ' fWe-cent chance' in the large doll to be raffled at the fireman's fair, and yet he won it. That a single man should win the doll seamed ' ridie'lous,' and the village was in a laugh over the matter. For a while the doctor had as many callers bb he could possibly desire; all the children in the village came to s«e the doctor's doll. Now and then a diminutive mortal ran at great speed down the board valk, paused at the doctor's side sate, pointed an eager finger toward the doctor's parlour window and cried out enthusiastically, ' See gocker 1' which meant that the diminutive mortal was 'visiting the doctor's doll. ' Well, I wonder whom he will give it to,' ex claimed Mrs. White, discussing the prevailing subject. ' Our Jennie was heart- broken that Bhe didn't draw it, but she brightened up when she heard the doctor'd got it. He won't have any use for a doll,' she said. ' She's been to see it several times, bnt he wasn't home, Yes, he makes a big fuss over our Jennie.' ' Maggie most wore herself out getting chances on it,' remarked the visitor, with a short little laugh. r 'I reckon she calculates she's got some kind of right to it. The doctor'll be very likely to tbink more than once before he gives thedollaway. He's been tending John for quite a spell.' Different people wondered in different ways about tbe doll. Mrs. Drew, tbe timid little tailor's wife, 1 wondered whom the doctor intended to slight. ' I hear it said that he's going to give it to Jennie White,' she Baid, her eyes flashing. ' Welt, I know I took a chance on it for each of the children, they plagued me so, and Hand hss been good for nothing ever Bince be drew it. She eaya he promised her something pretty when he palled her jaw tooth, and now she thinks for certain he'a going to give ber the doll.' ' He can't give it to everybody,' said the timid little tiilor. 'No/' Bnapped Mrs. Drew; but he might as well give it to Maud as to Jennie Whita, even if Bhe hasn't got a mesa of curls hanging down her back ! He shouldn't have promised the child something pretty, if he didn't mean to give the doll to her.' Old MrB. Enron thought that Johnny should re ceive the doctor's doll. 'He's been such a patient little fellow, and be wants it so bad!' sbe said. ' The doctor, being a single man, hasn't any use in the world for it, and he always seemed fond ef Johnny. The child declares tbe doctor promised him something pretty if he swallowed his medicine like A little man, and he haBn't given him anything yet. Johnny's expecting the doll every time he sees the doctor's buggy.' ' When are you going to give me what you said you was going to ?' The voice came from a pretty little girl who stopped the dootor in the middle of the village street. 'She was a bashful little girl, and ber face was very red, but sbe had made up her mind to say this to the doctor. The doctor looked at ber and smiled. He dearly loved a pretty little bashful girl. 'What did I promise you, Lily ?' he asked. 'Something pretty,' whispered tbe child. 'But I'm not Lily, I'm Mamie Smith, and you Baid you would give me something pretty if I took a doBe of oil. I did it, ten months ago. You said you would give me something pretty when you got it.' . 'And I haven't given it to you yet!' cried tbe doctor, in pretended consternation. ' Come along, little girl.' And he took the bashful little girl into the corner drug-store and bought her enough candy to make ber sick again. ' I don't want it,' said the bashful little girl, speaking to herself after tbe doctor had left her, and holding hard to the bag of candy. ' I want the doll, and he'll go and give it to Lily !' ' Well, one thing iB certain,' remarked the doctor to his kind little old mother, ' I daren't give away the doll. I've had a time building up a practice, and I'll Iobb it in a minute if I'm not wary. The giving away of the doll would bring down upon me the condemnation of every household except the one that got the doll.' Then the doctor raised Mies Dolly from the parlour Bofa and regarded ber critically. Beyond a doubt she was a remarkably fine doll for a single man to have drawn at tbe fireman's fair. Sbe bad great staring blue eyes that closed peacefully as the doctor tilted her back for an instant ; she waa dressed in pink eilk, fashioned in the latest' style ; she wore a ribbon sash and the daintiest of slippers. ''I declare, she's a stunner!' exclaimed tbe doctor. ' No wonder all the children envy rae my posseBBion. If I were a littlo girl myself, I'd be angry if the doctor wouldn't give her to me !' ' It's a great pity you won it, since the people are no foolish,' said the doctor's mother. ' I've heard the motners t&mng; aoout the matter until 1 m tired. Of course one cannot blame tha children. Little Lulu Brown told me to-day that she had twenty chances and you had only one. I felt very much like giving the child the doll and telling her to run off with it before the doctor came home, but up piped another little girl, 'Did you only have twenty chances, Lulu P Why, Minnie Harris had twenty-two !'' ' I can't pat a little girl on tbe head tbat she doesn't look -up expectantly, and I know she thinks I've chosen her to be tbe recipient of the doll,' said tbe doctor, laughing and sighing at the same time. 'Pool children, don't they understand that I can't make them all happy t' ' Dear little things, I don't believe they do,' said tbe gentle old lady. As time went by, the children in tbe village began to lota hopes of the doctor's generosity, and they also lost their friendliness toward the doctor. They spoke disparagingly of him in low voices after he passed them ou the street, and a diminutive mortal announced, pointing toward the doctor's parlour window, ' Gocker is a bad, bad man !' ' If I give the doll to any one of tbem I shall only make matters worse,' Baid the doctor, in a tone of exasperation, for he was very fond of tbe children. 'Suppose you send it off to a city hospital!', cried his little mother, brightening. ' Give it outside the place ?' oried the doctor, aghast. 'They'd mob me! Do you know,' he added,' dejectedly, ' that old Mrs.Kurouis actually doctoring her grandson, and he has one of his worst sore throats i' ' You don't mean to Bay she wanted the doll for the little boy !' exclaimed the old lady. 'Well, well, well ! I declare,' I would Bend it somewhere, and be done with it ! Why not give it to the child who had the twenty-two chances ?' ^ 'And have it said that I waa currying favour with the richest people in the village p' ' Then let them raffle it over again !' said the old lady, decidedly. 'Instead of presenting it to my pets, Mamie and Julie and Annie and Johnny and Tommy, and the rest of themP' demanded the doctor, with a nervous laugh. ' I don't know what to do. The doll is hurting my practice — the Browns have sent off to Redlanes for Dr. Ramsfieid; the little girl is very ill. If ever there's another fireman's fair I'm out of the raffles, that's certain !' It was later in the evening when a man stepped into the doctor's office and settled himself in the visitor'^ chair beside the doctor's desk. ' What can I do for you ?' asked the dootor, genially, holding out his hand to feel the stranger's pulse. '? There's nothing the matter with me.' returned the man, soberly. ' I haven't come to bother you about medicine. My name ia John Derwood ; I hail from Vinegar Hill. ' What can I do for you, Mr. Derwood P' asked the doctor, pleasantly. Tbe man cleared hia throat and then said, slowly, ' They're fussing over to Vinegar Hill about that d*ll.' « Oh !' exclaimed the doctor, stiffening visibly. ' Thoy say,' went on the man, ' that this here chance business isn't as fair any way as it ougbt to be, and they don't understand it fully. Thuy tell me, for instance, that yon gave five cents toward the raffle and got the doll — got the doll for five cents. Is that so ?' 'Yes, I gave five cents toward the raffle and got the doll; got it for that five-cent piece and for nothing more,' said the doctor, coolly. 'Now there wasn't anybody in Vinegar Hill, worth counting, that didn't gi re fifteen cents at the least to get the doll,' explained Mr. Derwood. ' My little girl was one of them that had the books, and people gavei ber chances ; her name was down seventeen times on her book. The folks say there's something Btrange about these raffles.' ' Some people siy raffles are wrong,' said the doctor. ' I'm one of the people who say that raffles are wrong, Mr. Derweod, decidedly wrong.' i ' But yon got the doll,' returned the man, with a short langh. 'Yes, I won the doll for a five- cent chance,' re I peated the doctor. Mr.. Derwood put his hand into hia pocket and drew it out full of nickels, seventeen of them. 'Fm willing to pay you that eighty-five cents my little girl had on ber book toward the raffle,' he Baid, in a buaineaslifce way, ' if you'll jaBt hand over tbe doll. The folks in Vinegar Hill are willing , to let it go that way, for my little girl had the ' highest number of chances of any one iu Vinegar TT5I1 ' 'Some one here in tbe town bad as many as ;wenty-two cbancen, I believe,' Baid the doctor, iryly. ' No, Mr. Derwood, I'm very sorry, but I ain't accommodate you.' ' You say that some one here in the town had as bigh aa twenty-two chances?' interrogated Mr. Derwood. ' Yes,' answered the doctor. ' And you got the doll for five cents ?' ' Exactly.' Then Mr. Derwood called tbe doctor a hard name, said the raffle was a swindle, rose and went out of the office, slamming the door behind him. Abont a week later the doctor was sitting in his office again, this time feeling the pulse of a patient who had remained true- to him, when he heard the sound of some one softly walking acroaa the parlour floor. Ha thought for an instant that it waa his mother, and yet he wondered why bia mother should step stealthily about her own houae. Then he shook himself and gave his full attention to bis patient, deciding that tbe doll business had upset hia nerves. A minute later, however, the doctor, having seen his patient out the side door, stood in the front ball, listening. The parlour door opened while he stood there, and a little girl crept out. Sbe wore a great woollen shawl, under which she carried a large bundle. ' Say, little girl, I shouldn't wonder if you'd picked up my doll by mistake,' said the dootor. Tbe little girl gave a great start and grew pale as a ghost. Then the doctor unceremoniously turned back tbe great shawl, and there, sure enough, was the pink dressed dolly ! The little girl held it tightly. 'You muBt give it to me without any nonsense,' said tbe doctor, for he wa? becoming irritable upon tbe subject of the doll. 'Den't you know that when you take something that deesn't belong to you that you are stealing ?' The child's arma relaxed instantly from aronnd the doll, and the beautiful and coveted creature would have fallen to the floor, bad not the doctor rescued her. Then the little girl, in a state of .pitiable shame and confusion, sank upon the do&tor;'e hall steps and burst into stormy weeping. After all, it was rather interesting. The doctor regarded the ltttle girl not unkindly. ' Perhaps you didn't mean to take it,' he said, for he couldn't bear to see a little girl cry, and he did pity all tbe little girls who wanted bis doll. ' Perhaps you didn't think.' ' I did menu to take it, and I did think !' sobbed the little girl. ' But that- wasn't right,' laid the doctor, very softly. Somehow he felt a strong liking for this truthfnl little girl. ' You should have come and asked me for it, you know.' ' Yes,' cried the child, scornfully, ' of course !' 'Tou tMnr 1 woman b nave given io in you r inquired the doctor, half-timidly. ' But I might have. Where do you live f' ' I live on Vinegar Hill,' answered the ohild, with a fresh buret of sobs. ' Oh, you are Mr. Derwood's little girl — you thought tbe doll was yours !' said the doctor, cheer folly. ' Well, that waBn'tso bad. Only I wish you had come to me and explained.' Tbe child sat upright upon the step and looked at him. She had great hopeless black eyea and a queer little quivering mouth. ' I ain't Mr. Derwood's little girl,' she said, 'I'm only Liz JoneB, and I didn't have but one chance on the doll, either.' ' Well ?' questioned the doctor. Liz shook the Ioobb tresBea away from her black eyes. ' Jimmy'B got spasms, and he wanted to see jt, that's all. I was only going to borrow it. I was going to bring it back to-morrow morning, maybe. I was going to bring it back as soon ss Jimmy's dead.' She pnt.her head on the steps again and bid her face. Then the dootor Bat down npon the steps to put hia arm about L'Z Jones, and the doll sankunheeded beside him as he persuaded the child to tell him all about Jimmy. Five minnteB later tbe doctor was in his buggy, together with the doll and Liz Jones, speeding away rapidly toward Vinegar Hill. Jimmy Jones did not die ; the doctor pulled him through. For five days the beautiful doll sat staring parlour. But Miss Dolly came home with a mie atbim, and then she returned to tbo doctor's sion. She was destined to visit every little eiofc ohild, hoy or girl, who wished to see her. She was to belong to them, and just be taken care of by the doctor. That is what the dootor himself had said to Jimmy Jones. The people in the village were charmed by the original idea. Mamie and Annie and Maud and Willie and everybody would henceforth have a personal interest in the doctor's doll. Tbe doll won at the firemen's fair received kind and tender treatment all around ; even the doctor's mother became suddenly proud of her company, and set at work making her new clothes. There came a time in each case when tbe poor little peeviah, sick mortal would cry out, ' I don't want to see the doll ! I'm tired of the doll.' Then the little sick mortal's mother would exclaim brightly. ' But you haven't seen her new sun bonnet !' or ' The doll baB a new pair of stock ings !' and the interest would revive. And that is how tbe miracle occurred of the dootor's doll making everybody happy. 