SYDNEY SQUIBS. By the Farceur.) The Holidays.— The Keightley Case. — Miscellaneous Topics. — The Mel bourne Mystery.— Luck, Marriage, and Divorce. Christmas comes but once a year. Some of our readers may have heard a similar remark before, but it is worth repeating to-day by reason of the fact that quite a number of persons are now saying with a deal of earnestness that one Christmas a year like the last ought to satisfy anyone who was not a glutton for such a festival. The rain was just sufficient to damp and spoil the day, but not nearly enough to do any real good where rain was most wanted. In the back country Bcrub is being cut to keep sheep alive, cattle are constantly on the march looking for enough grass to carry them from one patch to another, and people with a Rougemont cast of features declare that many men- are forced by reason of the scarcity of water, to drink beer and wash themselves in lemon syrup and' ginger ale. Well deserved censure has been fired at the head of our weather department in consequence, but of course the real blame should fall on those who have neglected water conserva tion and other means at hand for mitigating, if not wholly preventing the awful miseries caused by drought. The number of murder suicides, outrages and miscellaneous rowdy acts has been deplorably large also, and on the wholo, many will be pleased when the holiday's alleged re joicings are over. # # I see that Mr. John Dobbie, the Man with the Marvellous Memory, lias had his little " say " on the matter of the memorable ride of Mrs. Keightley to save her husband's life. I was living in Bathurst at the time the affair occurred, and bad something to do with spreading the news to the police in the different districts around, in addition to seeing Mr. Rotton drive -up to the Bathurst bank to draw the ransom money, and I can endorse Mr. Dobbie's remarks upon the subject. Mrs. Keightley did not do any famous ride into Bathurst, of course, hut she was a brave woman and a loving wife, one who would cheer fully do far more than that for the man she loved. Mr. Dobbie pertinently asks what sort of buggies were about in the western district 35 years ago. Well, Cobb and Co. brought some very serviceable buggies over with them, and I often enjoyed a ride in a very useful trap owned by Frank Whitney, one of the Cobb bosses, who married a Bathurst belle — Miss Bella Leeds. Cobb soon afterwards started a factory for mak ing buggies in Bathurst, under the supervision of a Bathurst workman named Brown, and if' buggies were to be had the Rottons and Keight- leys would be sure to have one. The odds are they used ihe old time "gigs," or dog-carts, but the one thing certain, and it is a most satisfac tory thing, too, is that the days of the " Knights of the Road " are over. When is Mr. Dobbie's long, expected book of memories to see the light ? I for one am looking forward to a great treat in the way of old-time history when it appears, for our friend's shrewdness is great and his memory phenomenal. " Family Gatherings," which of old were wont to be de rigueur (especially at .Christmas time) are dying out. Considering the greater convenience of locomotion, one would have ex pected the contrary, but one regrets to note that, the members' of large families get a good deal bored with one another when they stay for long under the same roof. It is all very well lor grandpapa and grandmamma to celebraie their fiftieth wedding-day with effusion, but their descendants are not always bound to one another by the same golden chain. In Japan, it seems, if the Hoclii Shinhun (which sonudB more like a game than a newspaper) is to be relied upon, the domestic tie, however, is as strong as ever. A family in Sado is about to celebrate its iklca sennen (a thousand years in one household) ; among the fourteen of them they count, indeed, one thousand and eighty years, from- great great great - grandmamma Toinmi (rather a musculine old lady, one imagines) to daughter Tolti, aged five. To hear Toki address Tommi by her proper title in con sanguinity must be a singular and prolonged experience. There was never, we are told, a more " united family " and certainly the " linked sweetness " of relationship was never so "long drawn out." No doubt the parish registers in Japan are admirably preserved, but one would like to verify Tommi's birthday. A London journal announces that the Austrian Government seems to have hit upon a really good plan for the discouragement of drunken ness — ifja large " if," however) it can only be carried into effect. After a man has been con victed of this offence three times, no publican, under penalties, may supply him for the rest of the year with liquor. In country places, where the man is known, this may work 'well ; but in towns he will have only to go out of his own neighborhood for his daily poison. It should be enacted, in addition, that the drunkard should wear a badge ; in Vienna, whore armorial bear ings are thought so much of, this might easily be done without wounding his feelings ; let the heralds invent a cognizance for " threo sheets in the wind." This class of offender is often very judgmatical in the choice of his times for " breaking out." If he is to have but three chances per annum he will probably choose New Year's Day, Midsummer Day, and New Year's Eve : he will thereby keep within the law, and secure the maximum of enjoyment — forty-eight hours of intoxication. Some people are very easily excited by liquor. A cook, accused of drunkenness the other day, protested she had hod nothing but a mince-pie ; there must have been a good deal of brandy in the mince-meat. A footman went even further, and, with many hiccups, affirmed in the dock that he had had nothing but a biscuit' ; this must have been a wine-biscuit. # Concerning the awful box mystery in Mel bourne it seems that the box was found by three small bovs, Logan, Campbell, and O'Brien, who were pulling on the Yarra in search of anyth.iug that might turn up. Logan, having past ex-" perience, was on the alert, and spotting the "portmanteau," as he believed it to be, seized hold of the iron handle, and cried, " I bar this box for firewood." He endeavored to hoist the box into the boat. His first tug- at it convinced him that the task was hopeless. He remarked that there was something very heavy inside, and, in order to get a better view of it, he grasped the handle again and pulled his hardest. The result was alarming. There was a rasping sound, caused by the forcing out of position of the wooden tick with which the boards were dove tailed together, and the end' opened sufficiently to disclose two human feet. A disagreeable odour was perceptible, and the horror-stricken lad released his hold of the clasp. . His com panions had also caught a glimpse of .the feet, and the three lads were so unnerved for' the moment that they sat looking at one another in horror ; but, soon summoning up their courage, towed the trunk to the Richmond side of the river, and informed the police. The matter is still enshrouded in mystery which seems to grow thicker day by day." # Mr. Cook arid many others may be pleased to hear that an interesting discussion has been lately carried on in the newspapers respecting "luck." It is a question, however, which will never be settled. All the scientific people scoff at its existence; all gamblers and speculative persons brilieVe in it. There is certainly more to be said for it than for the belief in ghosts, for there are many examples of it at first-hand. There are few of us who do not know somebody who is exceptionally fortunate or the reverse. It is certainly not true that " we count our hits, but not our misses " ; for some men are eloquent upon their misfortunes, though, perhaps, with the object of calling attention to them " in the proper quarter," and getting the balance re dressed. It is sometimes redressed the other way. I have observed men to be markedly lucky in their youth, against whom the average is restored with a vengeance as they grow old. It iB idle to assert that men have all the like chances ; there is no flood- time to fortune with some, and no ebb-tide with others. Occasionally, some unfortunate fellow gets a piece of good luck the size of which makeB amends for a life time of ill-treatment ; but this is very rare. Persons about to marry may he interested to learn from a reliable Melbourne source that one of the numerous grounds of divorce introduced by the Shiels Act in 1889 was that the respondent has within one year previous to the petition " repeatedly assaulted and cruelly beaten the petitioner." The trouble, however, is to rightly determine what amounts to this " repeated " matrimonial offence? It used to be a law in England that a husband might administer moderate physical correction to his wife, and the old adage declares : — " A woman, a dog, and a walnut tree. The more you boat them, the bettor they be !" But, from the male point of view, at all events, times have, unfortunately, changed. The Chief Justice was asked the other day to say that evidence sufficient to sustain the ground must show beatings at short intervals during the whole of the 12 months, and not merely at isolated intervals — in other words, that the beating was habitual. His honor thought that if a man struck a wom in in the face with his fist, and blackened her eye, or pulled her hair out by the roots, and if this sort of thing were repeated three or four times in the year, the requirements of the section would be met. The prospect for a wife is not exactly encouraging, perhaps, and a conceivably less drastic form of beating might suffice. In the particular case his honor could not decide on the facts, and dismissed the petition. # For many years past I have noticed that the glorious sun of Christmas seldom sets without being clouded o'er by the dark cloud of some appalling calamity in the shape of a great 'fire, a fatal boating accident, a fearful murder, or some other hideous event to mar the peace and pleasure of the holy season. It seemed that this Christmas was about to prove a welcome exception to the rule when like a thunderclap there came from Gatton, Queensland, an account of one of the most awful outrages that have yet stained the history of Australia. -A brother and his two sisters, all fine young people in the very prime of life were returning from a race-meeting when they were sot upon by some incarnate fiends and murdered, the girls being outrage ously abused before death. To make the matter worse, not the slightest clue has, up to the time of writing, been found, and if the wretches who perpetrated the horrible crimes only keep their own counsel this may be added to the already over-long list of unavenged infamies 'in Australia. The Queensland Government in its wisdom has decided not to offer any reward at present, hut why that decision was arrived at is very hard to see at this distance. Certainly nothing in the way of men or money should be spared to run the guilty wretches to earth, and then no time should be lost in putting 'them under that earth they now pollute by their hellish presence. 