LOST FOR LOVE. CHAPTER LIV. CIIEKJtlE TELLS THE TRUTH. It was a fortunate tiling, perhaps, that that quiet, grass-grown Charlotte street was almost deserted ; else the scream and recoil with which Cherrie — our old and long-lost-sight-of friend, Cherrie — received this salutation, might have attracted unpleasant attention. Mr. Blake took the matter with con stitutional phlegm. 'Oh, come now, Cherrie,- no hysterics! How have you been all these everlasting ages ?' ' Mister Blake ?' Cherrie gasped, her eye starting in her head with the surprise. ' Oh, any goodness ! What a turn you gave me !' ' Did I ?' said Val. ' Then I'll give you another ; for I want you to turn back with me, and take me to wherever you live, Mrs. Smith. That's the name you go by here, isn't it?' ' Who told you so ?' ' A little bird ! I say, Cherrie, you've lost your red cheeks'! Doesn't Prince Edward's Island agree with you ?'? Cherrie had lost her bright blo.om of colour; Tint save that she was much thinner and paler, and far less gaudily dressed, she was the same Cherrie of old. ' Agree with me !' exclaimed Cherrie, in rather a loudly-resentful tone, considering that they were on the street. ' I hate the ? place, and I am nearly moped to death in it. , I never was so miserable in all my life as I have been since I came here !' ' Then why didn't you leave it ?' inquired Mr. Blake. ' Leave it !' reiterated Cherrie, like an an gry . echo. ' It's very easy to say leave it ; but when you have no money or nothing, it's not quite so easy doing it. I've been used shamefully ; an?l if ever I got back to. Speck port, I'll let some of the folks there know it, rtnn. Did lio Rfinrl vr-n ? 'Who?' 'You know well enough! Captain Caven dish.' V : ' He send me !' said Yal. ' I should think not. There isn't a soul in Speckport knows whether you aro alive or dead, and he takes ; care they shan't, either. I have been trying ?'to find you out ever since you left; and I have aaked Captain Cavendish scores of times., but lie always vowed he knew nothing about _you — -that you had run off after Charley Marsh. It was only by chance I saw a letter from you to him the other day, posted here, ' and I started off in a trice. Why didn't you write to your folks, Cherrie?' ' I daren't. He wouldn't let me. He told jne, if I didn't stay here and keep quiet, he never would have anything more to say to me. I have been shamefully used !' — and here Cherrie began to cry on the street — ' and I wish I was dead. There !' ' Perhaps you will be before long,' said Val, significantly. ' Cherrie looked at him. 'What?' . ''Perhaps you .won't be let , live long ! You'll have to stand your trial when you go Tjack, for helping in the;murder of Mrs. Leroy ; and maybe they'll hang you ! Wow, don't go screaming out and making' such an infernal tow on the street — will you ?' Cherrie did not scream. She suppressed a Tiding cry and turned a'slien white. ' I had nothing to do with the murder of Mrs. Leroy,' she said, with lips that trembled. Yon. know I hadn't. You know I left Speck-' port the afternoon it happened. ? You have no: business saying snch things to me, Val Blake.' She laid her hand on her heart while she spoke, as if to still its clamour. Val saw by lier white and parted lips how that poor, fluttering, frightened heart was throbbing. . 'Oh, yes; I know you left Speckport that afternoon, Cherrie ; but you and Cavendish \- liad it all made up beforehand. You were to ?write. Charley that note, and appoint a meet ing in Redmon grounds, promising to run -away with him, aud making him wait for you 'there, while Cavendish got in through the ?window, and robbed the old woman. You aiever intended meeting Charley, you know ; and you are iust as much accessory to the murder ns if you had stood by and held the lamp wliilo he was choking Lady Leroy.' They had left the dull streets of tho town, and were out in a lovely country road. Swell ing meadows of golden grain and scented hay spread away on either hand, until they melted into the azure arch ; and the long, dusty road -wound its way under pleasant, shadowy trees, ?without a living creature to be seen. Cherrie, listening to theso terrible words, spoken in the same tone Mr. Blake would have used had he been informing lior the day was uncommonly Hue, sank down on a green hillock by the road side, and covering her face with her hands, Tirolce out in a passion of tempestuous tears. He liad taken her so by surprise — ho had given lier no tirao to prepare — the sight of him had brought back tho recollection of tho old pleasant days, and the wretched dullness of tlie .present. Sho was weak, and sick, and neglected, aud miserable ; aud now this last turn was coming to crush her. Poor Cherrie sat there and cried thc bitterest tears she had ever shed in her life ; her whole frame shaking with her convulsive sobs. Her distress touched Val; for pretty Cherrie has always been a favourite of his, despite her glaring faults and folly ; and a twinge of remorse smoto his con science at what he had done. ' Oh, now, Cherrie, don't cry ! People will be coming along, and what will they think ? Come, get up, like a good girl and we'll talk it over when we get to your house. Perhaps it may not be so bad after all.' Cherrie looked up at him with piteous reproach through her tears. ' Was it for this you wanted to find me out so bad, Mr. Blake ? Was it to make me a prisoner you came over here ?' 'Well,' said Val, with another twinge of conscience, ' ye-e-es, it was partly. But you must recollect, Cherrio you have done worse. You let Charley Marsh — poor Charley ! who iovea you a tnousana times Detrer man tnat scamp cf an Englishman— be sentenced for a deed ho never committed, when you could have told tho truth and freed liim. Worse still, you helped to inveigable hin into as hor-, riblo a plot as ever was concocted.' ' I couldn't help it ! sobbed Cherrie. ' I didn't want to do it, tut he made me ! I wish I had run away with Charley that night. He never would have left me like this!' ' No, that he wouldn't ! Charley was as true as steel, poor fellow ! and loved you as no one ever will love you again, in this world ! TTr. n o„/l perhaps he's shot before this ; and if- he is, his his death lies at your door, Cherrie.' Cherrie's tears flowed faster than ever. 'As for Cavendish,' wont on Val, 'he's tho greatest villain unhung ! Not to speak of his other atrocities — his gambling, his rob bing, his murdering, his breaking the heart of Nathalie Marsh — he has been the biggest rascal that ever lived, to you, my poor Cherrie.' 'Yes, lie has!' wept Cherrie, all her wrongs bleeding afresh. ' He's a villain, and I hate liira,. Oh, dear me, I wish I was dead !' ''You don't know half the wrong he has done you and means to do,' said Val. 'Come, Cherrie, get up, .and I'll tell you about it. as we go along. JJo you live tar from this ?' 'No; it's the first lionse. you meet; the dullest old place on the face of the earth ! He wouldn't let me leave, it ; and 1 know they despise me, N and think I'm no better than I ought to be. There never was a girl so ill used as I have been ! Why did he marry me, if lie is ashamed, of me? ' Why can't he stay with me as he ought to stay with his wife ?' ' His wife '' repeated Val, staring at her as they walked along. 'Why, Cherrie, is that all you know about it ? Hasn't he told you that you are not his wife ?' 'Not his wife!' shrieked ' Cherrie. . 'Val Blake, what do you mean ?' ? ' Bless my soul,' cried Mr. Blake, appeal ing in dismay to the scarecrows in the fields, ' I thought he had told her. Why, you un fortunate Cherrie, don't you know the mar- I riage was a sham ono ?' j Cherrie gasped for breath. The surprise j struck her speechless. ?' I thought you knew all about it !' ? aid Val ; ' I'll take my oath I did ! Why, you poor littlo simpleton, how could you ever be idiot enough to think a fellow like Cavendish would marry the like of you ! I£ you had two grains of sense in your head,' said Mr. Blake, politely, ' you must have seen through 'it. He planned the whole thing himself — a sham from beginning to end !' ?' It isn't ! it can't be ! I don't believe it ! I won't believe it ! panted Cherrie, recovering her breath. ' You helped him, and the 'min- ister was tiler? - and I am his wife, his lawful wedded wife. You are only trying to frighten me to death.' 'No, I'm not, said Val, ' and you're no more his wife than I am. The minister wasn't a minister, but a fellow who played tho part. If you had not been the greatest goose that ever lived, Cherrie, you couldn't have been so taken in ! Cherrie's breath went and came, and her tears seemed turned to sparks of fire, as she turned- her eyes upon her companion. 'And you helped him to do this, Mr. Bl'ske p' : .'Well, Cherrie, what could I do? If-I hadn't helped him, someone else would ; and, anyhow, you would have run away with him, marriage or no marriage. Now, don't deny it — you know you would ! ' And you mean to say I'm not married to Capt. Cavendish !' If Yes, I do. I only wonder he hasn't let you. find it out.long ago. He came to me and per suaded me to help him, telling me you were ready to run off with him any time he asked you, which I knew myself. ? I'm sorry for it now, but it can't be helped.' ' Very well, . Mr. Blake, said Cherrie, whose cheeks were red,' and whose eyes were 'flasli ing, ' ' yon may both be proud of your work. ?You are fine gentlemen, both of you, to dis tress a poor girl like me, as you have done. But I'll go back to Speckport, aud I'll tell every soul in it how 'I have been taken in'; and I hope they'll tar and feather the two of ?you' for what yon have done.' ' Well,' said Mr. Blake, in a subdued tone, ' we deserve it, I dare say, but Cavendish is the worst of all. Why, Chorrie, my girl, you don't know half the wrong lie has done yon. He wonld have been married three months ago, if the lady had not changed lier mind and married another man.' ' Wonld he ?' said Cherrie, vindictively, between her closed teeth. ' Oh, if- ever I get a chance, won't I pay liim off ! Who was the lady ?' [ ' The new heiress of Redraon — Miss Hen j ? i,„ +1,™ nr ? ntr ? ,n. „ ™ „i.„ now. He was crazy about her, as all Speck port can tell you ; aud ho asked her to marry him and she consented first and backed out afterward. You never saw any 'one in the state he was in, Cherrie ; and he started off to Canada, because he couldn't bear to stay in tho place and seo her married to another man.' ' But he's back, now,' said Cherrie. ' I had a letter from him two weeks ago, with a couple of pounds in it. Ho's the' meanest, stingiest miser on the face of this earth, and I have to write and write, before I get enough from him to pay niy board. I haven't had(a decent dress these six months, and I can't leave the place, because I never have enough to pay my way back. I'm tho worst-treated and most unfortunate creature in tho whole world!' And here poor Cherrie's tears broke out afresh. 'And that's not tho worst, either,' pur sued Mr. Blake. ' Do you know what has brought him back to Speckport, as you' say ? Of course, you don't — you. aro the last he would tell ; but it is because ho is selling out of the army, and going back to England for good. He wants to be rid of you entirely ; and once he is there, and married to some one else with a fortune, many a fine laugh he will have at you.' 'Never!' cried Cherrie, wrought np to the right pitch of indignation ; ' never shall he leave. Speckport, if I can help it! I'll tell all, if I was to hang for it myself, sooner than let him get off like that, the villain !' (' But you won't hang for it Cherrie ; if you 'tell ; it's only if you refuse to tell, that you are in danger. Whoever turns Queen's evidence gets off scot free, you know ; and if you only do what is right,-' and take my ad vice, which means the same thing, you may triumph over Captain George Percy Caven 'dish yet.' 'I'll do it,' said Cherrie, her lips com pressed and her eyes flashing, and the memory of all her wrongs surging back upon her at onee. ' I'll do it, and lie revenged on the greatest scoundrel that ever called himself a gentleman! But mind, Val Blake, I must be sure that this is all true — I must be sure that I am not his wife.' ' It will be very easy convincing' you of that, once you are back in Speckport. You shall hear it from his own -lips, without his knowing you are listening. Oh, is this the place?' For Cherrie had stopped, before a little farm-hduse, garnished with a potato garden i front, and adorned with numerous pigsties on either hand. She led the way to the front ? room of the establishment ; which was carpet less, and curtainless, unfurnished,' and im poverished-looking enough. 'Well,' Val said, ' this is rather different, (Jherrie, trom tne days when you used to dress in silks -and sport . gold chains, and do nothing but flirt, and be petted and made love j to from week's-eiid to week's-end. But never i mind — the worst's over, now that I've found I you out, and you'll have good times yet in Speckport.' ' If it hadn't been for you,' sobbed Cherrie, ' it never would have happened. I hate you, Mr. Blake ! There !' ' Now, Cherrie, you know right well you ?would have run away with Captain Cavendish that time, married or no married. Oh ! you may deny it, and perhaps you think so now ; but I know better. But he's the greatest rascal that ever went unhung, to use you as he has ; and if -you had tho spirit of a turnip you would be revenged.' ? ' I will,' cried Cherrie, clinching her litfe fist resolutely ; ' I will ! I'll let him see I'm not the dirt under, his feet! I've stood it long enough ! I'll stand it no longer !' Mr. Blake's eves sparkled at. the spirited declaration. ' That's my brave Cherrie ! I always knew you were spunky ! You shall hear from his own lips the avowal of his false marriage, and then you will go before a magistrate and swear to all you know about that night of the ?robbery and murder. There is a steamer to leave Charlottetown to-morrow at nine. Will you be ready if I drive up here for you ?' ? ' Yes, said Cherrie ; I haven't s.o much to paclcj goodness knows, and I'm sick and tired of this place. How's all our folks? It's time to ask?' ' They are all woll, and will be glad to get pretty Cherrie back again. Speckport's been a dull hole siijce you left it. Cheer up, Cherrie ! There's bright days in store for you yet.' ' . ' ? Cherrie did not roply, and she did not look very hopeful. She was crying quietly, and Val's heart was touched as he loolcod at tho pale, tear-stained face, and thought how i bright and pretty and rosy and smiling it usea to pe. lie Dent over ner, , and — wen, i shouldn't like Miss Blair to know it — but Mr. Blake deliberately, kissed her. ' Keep up a good heart, little Cherrie ; it will be all right yet, aud wo'll fix the flint of Captain G. P. Cavendish. I'll drive up here for you at eight to-morrow. Be all ready. Good-bye.' \ Cherrie was all ready and waiting at the gate, next morning, when Mr. Blake drovo up through the slanting morning sunlight, dresped in her best. Sho was in considerably better spirits than on the previous day, and much more like the Cherrio of other days, glad to get home and eager for the journey. The lady passengers, during the day, asked if ? ' the tall gentleman' was her husband. That gentleman liad a great deal to tell her : of poor Nathalie's death, and Charley's flight; of the new heiress, who had turned so many heads, aud ha'd given the worst turn of all to Captain Cavendish ; of that gentleman's despair when sho married Mr. Wyndham ; of the changes and gay doings at Redm'on ; and lastly, of Nathalie's ghost. This'last rather scared Cherrio. What if Nathalie should appear to her, who had wronged her so deeply through her brother ! ' Oh, no !' said Mr. Blake, to whom sho imparted her fears ; ' I don't think she will, if youteH the truth; or, at all events; she will be a most unreasonable ghost if she does. You tell all, Cherrie, and Charlie will come back: to bpeckport ; and by that time you'll have got your red cheeks back again, and who knows what may happen ?' Mr. Blake whistled as he threw out this aitful insinuation ; but Cherrio ? caught at it eagerly, and her face lit up. Charley's liand some visage rose before her— blue-eyed, fair haired Charley— who had always loved her and never would have treated her as Captain Cavendish had done. Who knew what mitrht happen ? Who, indeed ! ? ( To 'be continued .) 