On the Eichinond Kange at .''?'?.'? Sunrise.' : . . TBt F. M. Iebt.T I suppose no one has crossed the Biohmonct Kange without being struck by the wonderful beauty of the foliage, in the dense sornb that ex tends, aloog the road for several miles,, rising liko green walls on either sido. The red cedar with its dark fern-like leaves, crowned .with bunohes of crimson flowers, soft and smooth us velvet, gigantic tigs, the handsome nettle tree, and the silvery leafed grevillea, con trasting with the glossy .green of the teuka uud, camphor, trees. , High above everything elie rise the great hoop pines, tall, sombre, ghost-like ia the early -morning; light, and all along each branch grows grey moss, sometimes hanging many feet in length, having exactly the appearance of icicles, giving ono tha idea that one -has suddenly come upon a frozen, forest. , ? ? ? Growing up the trunks of tho trees aro largo bunohos of rook-lilies, birdanest ferns, stughornB, elkhorns, and haroRfoot fern, and the whole uro mattod together with ropo liko creepers of wonder ful graoe, wild grape, bignonia, wild ' ivy, and the lovoly little Queensland melon, with ite festoouR of red and white berrieB, covering the tree tops liko a delioate wedding veil. ' , Here and there you oome upon a small cleared spot covered with cape gooseberry bushes. A few huge logs lying ready to be carted away, a bullook dray, with a couple of men alongside boiling a billy for breakfast, while a third drives up the lazy look ing bullocks with their clanging bolls. -^ ' ,- Then, from the top of the hill, looking down on to a valley of tree topa of tropioal luxuriance, bigb. hills rising on the other side, and the pine tops peeping like littlo green islands abovo a sea of morning mist, and the sun jnst gleaming on the topmost branohos. ?, It is eerily still, the silence broken only by tho' harsh scream of tho black cookatoo, or the bell-like note of some small bird calling to its mates— faintly answering from tho distance; it' is unpleasantly dark and gloomy ) there is a gleam of gold as the . Regout bird fiios by 1 one wishes it would remain longer, to make a note of colour in this dark land soapo ; and though the grandeur ot it fills ono with wonder and admiration, it is with a feeling of roliof that you emorgo onco more into open country, and your eyn rests upon a quiob little farm with its poaaeful greon fields. and fruit trees. ' ? 