I "COMPEL THEM TO COME IN." ยก BY ran LATE C. H. SPURGEON. I " Compel them to come In." - Luke xiv. 23. I I am going straight to my business I am going after those that will not come those that are in the byways and hedges, said, God going with me, it is my duty now to fulfil this command, " Compel them to come in." First I must seek you out. If you read the verses that precede the text you will find an amplification of this command : "Go out quickly into the streets and lanes of the city, and bring in hither the poor, the maimed, the halt, and the blind." Yes, I am to compel the poor to come in. You are poor in circumstances, but this is no barrier to the kingdom of heaven, for God hath not exempted from His grace the man that shivers in rags, and who is destitute of bread. But especially I must speak to you who are poor spiritually. You have no faith, you have no virtue, you have no good work, you have no grace, and, what Is poverty worse still, you have no hope. Au, my Master has sent you a gracious invitation. Come and welcome to the marriage feast of His love. " Whosoever will, let him come and lake of the water of life freely.". But some of you are not only poor, but you are manned. You feel that you cannot be lieve, that you cannot repent, that you cannot obey the stipulations of the Gospel. You feel that you are utterly undone, powerless in every respect to do anything that can be pleasing to God, To you am I sent also. Before you am I to lift up the blood-stained banner of the cross ; to you am I to preach this Gospel, " Whoso calleth upon the name of the Lord shall be saved;" and, unto you use to cry, .' Whosoever will, let him come and take of the water of life freely." Some of you are half. You are halting between two opinions. Yon are sometimes seriously inclined, and at another time worldly gaiety calls you away. What little progress you do make in religion is but a limp. You have a little st length,, but that is so little that you make but painful progress. Ah, limiting brother, to you 'also is the word of this salvation sent. Though you halt between two opinions, the Master sends me to you with this message: "How long halt ye between two opinions? if God be God, serve Him ; if Baal be God, serve him." Consider thy ways ; set thine house in order, for thou shall die and not live. Because I will do this, prepare to meet thy God, O Israel I Halt no longer, but decided for God and His truth. And yet I see another class-the blind. Yes, you that cannot see yourselves, that'think'your- selves good when you are full of evil. that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for' bitter, darkness for light, and light for darkness to you am I sent. You blind souls that, cannot see your lost estate, that do not believe that sin is so exceedingly sinful as it is, and who will not be persuaded to think that God is a just and righteous God to you um I sent. To you, and, that cannot see the Saviour, that see no beauty in Him that you should desire Him ; who see no excellence In virtue, no glories in religion, no happiness in serving God, no delight in being His children to you also am I sent. This is the universal command "Compel them to come in." Hear, then, 0 ye tfititareatraiigers to the truth as it is In Jesus-hear, then, the message that I have to bring you. Ye have fallen, fallen in your father Adam ; ye have fallen, also, in yourselves, by your daily sin and your constant iniquity ; you have provoked the anger of the Most High and as assuredly as you have sinned, so certainly must God punish you if you persevere in your iniquity, for the Lord is a God of justice, and will by no means spare the guilty, but have you not heard, hath it not long been spoken in your ears, that God, in His infinite mercy, has devised a way whereby, without any infringement upon His honour, He can have mercy upon you, the guilty and undeserving I To you I speak, and my voice Is unto you, O sons of men. Jesus Christ, very God of very God, hath descended from heaven, and was made in the likeness of sinful flesh. begotten of the Holy Ghost, He was born of the Virgin Mary ; He lived in this world a life of exemplary holiness, and of the deepest suffering, till at last He gave Himself up to die for our sins, the Just for the unjust, to bring us to God." Uncon- verted, unreconciled, unregenerate, 1 am to compel you to come in. The King of heaven this moment sends a gracious invitation to you. He says: "As I live, saith the bore, I have no pleasure in the death of him that die out, but had rather that he should turn unto Me and live." " Come now, and let us reason together, saith the Lord ; though your sins be as scarlet they shall be as white as, snow ; though they bered like crimson, they shall be as wool." It makes my heart re- joice to think that I should have such good news to tell you, and yet I confess my soul is heavy because I see you do not think it good news, but turn away flower, and do not give it due regard. Permit me to tell you what the King has done for you, Jesus Christ hath died. You see that Man there on His knees in the garden of Gethsemane, sweating drops of blood. You see this next ; you see that miserable SuHerer tied to a pillar and lashed with terrible scourges, till the shoulder bones are seen like while islands in the midst of a sea of blood. Again you see this third picture : It is the same Man hanging on the cross, with hands extended, and with feet called fast, dying, groaning, bleeding: methought the picture spoke and said, '? It is finished." Now, all this bath Jesus Christ of Nazareth done, in order that God might consistently with His justice pardon sin and the message to you is this, " Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." That is, trust Him, re- nom ce the works and the ways, set thine bent I alone on this Mau, who gave Himself for sinners. I entreat you, let this message enter your heart for another reason. I picture myself standing at the bar of God. As the Lord li with, the day of judgment is coming. You believe that? You are not an infidel ; your conscience would not permit you to doubt the Scrip true. Perhaps you may have pretended to do so, but you cannot. You feel there must be a day when God shall judge the world in righteousness. I see you in the midst of that throng, and the eye of God is fixed OH you. It seems to you that He is not looking anywhere else, but only upon you, and He summonses you before Him and He reads your sins, and He cries, " Depart, ye cursed, into everlasting fire in bell" My hearer, I cannot bear to think of you in that position ; it seems as if every hair on my head must stand on end to think of any hearer of mine being damned. Will you picture yourselves in that position? The word has gone forth, " Depart, ye cursed 1" Do you see the pit as it opens to swallow you up ? Do you listen to the shrieks and the yells of those who have preceded you to that eternal lake of fire? Who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings i" Oh I my brother, I cannot let you put away religion thus ; no, I think of what is to come after death. I should be destitute of all liiiuianlty if I should see a person about to take his own life and did not assist in preventing him from doing so and I should be worse than a fiend if I did not now, with all love, and kindness, and earnestness, beseech you to lay hold on eternal life, to " labour not for the meat that perished, but for the meat that order reth unto everlasting life." And now, must I turn hopelessly away? Have I exhausted all that I can say? No, I will come to you again I Tell me what it is, my brother, that keeps you from Christ. I hear one say. "Oh, sir, it is because I feel myself too guilty." That cannot be, my friend, that cannot be. No ; but you say still, far too vile." Well, suppose you are the worst ; is not that the very reason why you should come to Christi The worse a man is the more reason he should go to the hospit ii 01 physician The mole poor you are the more reason you should accept the charity of another New, Christ does not want any merits of yours He gives freely The were you are the more welcome on ate But let me ask you question Do you think you will ever get better by stopping away from Christ? If so you know very li he is yet at the way of salvation at all No su the longer you stay the worst you will glow your hope will grow weaker your despair will become stronger the nail a with which Satan has fa turned you down will be more firmly clenched I in I you will be less hopeful than ever Come I beseech you, recollect there is nothing to be gained by 'clay, hut by delay everything may be lost Come I beseech you on Gnlviirv s mount and see the cross Be hold the Son of God He who made the heavens and the earth dying for your sins Look to Hun is there not power in Him to save? Look at His face so full of pity Is there not love in His heart to preventing willing to save a Sure sinner, the sight of Christ will help thee to believe Do not believe first and then go to Christ or else thy faith will be a worthless thing go to C fist without any faith and east tin self upon Him sink or swim Did I he u you whisper that this was not a convenient time? Their whiteness I say to you I When will that convenu lit time some ' S will it come when you are in hell I w i 1 that time he con evident' Shall it came will n you are on v in having, had in the cut is little is in your blood - shall it come then? On when the bu mm sweat is scalding your brow and then again, when the cold el immy sweat is there shall those b coin entent times? When pains The i lea river and you are on the borders of the tomb? No sir now is the con ] venient time May God make it so I 