POINTS. " t The Christmas number of'tho Week, ilius-- h'nted, will be ready on December lo. Agents uud others please order early. Tho best (weekly naner in Queensland. Send it to your "friends. Illustrated, prico only 3d. Political. According to the Maryborough Chronicle, tlio district of Wide Bay wants a Government formed simply and solely to look; . " , Wter thoir littlo local matters. The rumour that J. T. Annear is to be a Vnember of tho new Government is altogether; too absurd and ridiculous. Bi.ustehinu and genial JiT.A. is not a bad )ort, but surely ho does not cast his ambition. So high nsto expect. to he aMinistor of the Crown ? iSubelt Philpwill givo us' a ohango from. XV. H. >711800 us Postmaster- Genial and Representative of tho Govorninoht in tlio; 1 Legislative Council. j What did he over do politically that ho should have a pormanent lease- -of the Post- Wster-Goncralship ? ' This is tho question most tfolks wantto' IlllOW. , The horses accompanying tho Australian contingents to South Africa are said . to have home tho voyugo much better "than those troin Groat Britain. ( Is this because the Australian horseflesh is Wore hardy or beeauso tho voyage is notiso Eying? ' I If tho former it should prove a good ad vertisement for Australia us a horse-breeding Country. : News has just been recoivedtof tho arrival ut South Africa of tlio steamer Kent with tome of tho Now South Wales troops. As tho Kent loft Albany, West Australia, nine days in advaiieo of tho Cornwall it will ho a few days yet beforo tho Quecnslandcrs sot foot on African soil. Thoy had hotter Lurry up. Good news for Australia. "Tho firmer Uone in tho London wool market -is confirmed py the following cubic." j That is capital. When pricos are up, if we wish to keep thom up, lot a cablo message bo cutout. Tho cablo will do it. Bur tho other day wo wero assured that (prices would bo lower. Did the-cablo-also prevent the fall? . The law courts aro extremely busy just blow, and Mr. Justice Heal, on many occa sions, has sat long after regulation hours. The Cambooya election petition, adjourned Iso many times, was part heard yesterday, hut -sit tlicrato of progress made in tho-hearing it 'will lust a long lime. WiTn tho ohunges, interchanges, and Tumours of chungo in the Government lately it, will ho somo timo beforo tho Police Com- issiou report can bo dealt with. The ablo way in which this document has Ibccn compiled und its recommendations sot out lire said not to ho alonodno tothocomraissioners themselves, bnt also to Mr. J. W. Blair, their secretary and legal adviser, who has devoted the closest attention to tho work all through. 400 Columns for 3d. If you want to get Uhc best valuo for your money, bo sure and Bccurc a Christmas number of the Week ; SO pages for 3d. It will lio ready December 15\. Don't forgot. It will bo illustrated. Tiie chief feature in tho news of tho war to-day is tho announcement that many Capo Dutch in tho north of Capo Colony have rebelled and joined the enemy. This is serious becunso it entails tho em ployment of many troops who would other- aviso ho at tho front to keep theso disloyalists jn cheek, who can do much harm by threatening communications. The Bechuunulaud mounted polico is a rather mysterious body, turning up at one phieo ono day, and tho next showing its activity far away. Evidently this fine irregular- force is doing tvery needful work in breaking up and clearing 'largo areas of Bcchuanalund of small roving 'bodies of Boer raiders. i The ubsenco of news from Natal is annoy- jing, but there does not seem much to be feared in that quarter now. The long silence, however, from Matching 'in tlio far north is ominous. All tlio Australian troops have now arrived lot South Africa except the Queensland con tingent in tho Cornwall. , , These men, when they have got ready for (field work, will doubtless ho sout to the ! Orange Free Stuto frontier, .like tho rest of the 'Australian forces. The entertainment of Colonel Pennycuick Ion board tho stcamor Lucinda by the Brisbane Chamber of Commerce was a success from many points of view. The speech made by tho colonel was full of valuublo instruction, und its publication will ) certainly cause tho scheme to bo easily nudcrstanded of tho people." ( Tiie eminent engineer was courteous enough tto answer a number of questions. Some of tho questions wero reasonable and (sensible. Others wero otherwise, and at least jone of them could have beon answered by a Vschoolboy. An alderman, who when speaking of water (is in bis clement, desired Colonel Pennycuick 'to givo bis views on tho question of irrigation. The quiet and dignified reply was that (when tho Government desired tho colonel jto report on irrigation ho would do so, but he 'did not think that his roport had anything' to 'do with irrigation. When Colonel Pennycuick asked what (would happen if tho steamer boiler blew up, . Mn. Dalbymtle interjected, "Thero would llie an end to tlio speechifying." Piiobably ho did not consider that this would be u relief, though hasty people might 'filler that ho did. At any rato ha appeared to be deeply (interested in the colonel's utterances. The colonel is excellent company, being j exceedingly well informed, yot modest almost to shyncsa. Soeptioai, gentlemen who boarded the ; steamer wont homo fully convinced that at length disustors from flood will bo prevented. "Gbay Ghost op Lindewarnk." See Christmas number of the Week. Order early ; .prico 3d. illustrated.. It will bo noticed that the dearth of sonsa- ,'tionul nows from South Africa dates from j about tbo timo of General Bailor's assumption (of tlio command. He is ovidontly as careful as Kitchener not v 'to allow ull tlio dotuils of his movements to be -cabled over tlio world. Too many war correspondents have snoli in. strong wish to send sonsational accounts Ithat censorship becomes a necessity, l A sriiAOQLEB at tho battle of Marengo j quitted tlio field when the fight was going lagainst tho French, and posting to Paris 'announced defeat. The greatest consternation and an incipient (revolution was put an end to by tho arrival K)f Bonupurto's aido-do-cuinp with tho news % | of victory , whioh reinforcements of the Frcnoh Iliad secured. Too much haste in tho present campaign (might also causo confusion. . . The French Press warns Monelik that iwhen tbo South Afriann question is settled a I danger will arise for Abyssinia. Op other great Afrioun potentates, the Khalifa is dead, Sumory was defeated and (made prisoner by tho Fronob. 1 BuTMenelik remains, and is well able to 'iako euro of himBolf. He and his people showed their ability in this rospect to tho Italiun invaders. 1 - - As was to bo expected a largo force of British troops is required to guard and keop up com munications. Will persons who ought to do so, have a euro re sunstroke und lightning, during this season? i It is announced from Washington that a \- cablo will bo laid from San Francisco to \- Manila. The Secrotary for War in the- United States is tbo Boot of the matter. Tie Christmas number of the Week, illus trated, will be ready on December '15. Agents and 'others -please order early. Tho beet weekly paper in Queensland. Send it to your friends, illustrated, price only 3d. ' ' Gnosr in Bbooade. See Christmas number «f the Week, illustrated; price 3d. Order .early. 