POLITICS, MRTA PHYSICS AND THEOLOGY. TRUTH IS STR \NGER THAN FfCriON'. (To the Editor of the Wijcdnnq Star.) Sib, — I cannot allow any delicacy of feeling to come between mo and my sense of duty upon an occasion of tbis sort. We are now face to face with the momentous .question as to how wo art to live ? And if any man will tell me that the majority of people in these colonies live a natural life, I say that he is a flit subject for a lunatic asylum. Huuted to death as they are by the fear of starvation. In the midst of prosperity they live as a murderer Would live on the pi undo v of his victim, 41., ? ? t. ? -11 1. ojrctrtakfeu by tbeir pursuer, whilst many aj-e already overtaken ia th's daspei-ate | steue^ie of fighting life but to kosp life ifC aje told that, wax/e better off . in thesje colonies than they are in any other pnrt of - the world Such an assertion as this horri fies me, for it sounds like a warning of ' Beware of yourself.'* lest you might get 'yoni brains'' baabea oaC ' This wou}4 be » np form of cruelty compared to tbe life aqd usage of what .is to ^ bo found practised ameng«t the human racn. Here we have hundreds of thousands of young, people growing up. What are «« to do with tliem f Itanure the g ouid ? . Oh, no, we will line our pockets wit h them. For sanitary purposes* we will bury them and boast of ben^evolcnce. - Look at your country, the chief oruamonts of which are ^Government edifices. Look at your tramps ?' your cities— your soup Uitcbeus — the doors of your restaurants. Go to the iMbour Bureau, and a«k the crowd what they are doing with that little bag hidden under their coat? An excellent industry this! Look at your back alleys, whence people emerge as if they were ghosts from the graveyard. All things matured, a war is commenced, sod tbe earth is saturated with youf blood. The vanquishers boast of their glorious victory, while tbe van quished discover they have doubled tho wealth of the nation by decreasing its in habitatats by one-half. All finance : for Mia matter of course they cannot expect these favours for sothing., We call the world a world, whoa it should be called a mantrap, where men, under the most favor able circumstances, have to live on tbe pos sibility of getting work ; in the abs«nce of which they must fast, baf, 'borrow, or steal. We ought to call ourselves Christians ; we ought to build churches;. we ought to be loyal and glorify our politicians They want Federation.- Tbey want help : to do what ? I think they are doing very well. Perhaps, they have services to offer. On what recommendation 9 If 1 a man in his prjvate capacity, who is like a grain of sand in a community, and responsible for noth ing, could not show more individual capa city than., some of our leading politicians, what would become of hi™ ? Tuoy talk to us about the rest of the world as if we were all natives. We know what the rest of the world is— we all know it. Our pre sence here is sufficient proof of it, in spite of wbat may be said to the contrary. Wjs don't leave our birthplMce, our dear friends }®d relatives, te be exiled in foroign cli JnafeS for nothing. Wei are theaclventnrers ofj $K?vpe. Just as tbe inhabitant* of a uew.iSfoidfleld are tie adventurers of Aus tralia^ XVe a.reorueh^tl -out from one place to! another till JinmherS' ire lost sight of altogether. This is wbat we are pfe&ssd; to! call the ' vicissitudes ot fortune.' There should ' bB no such thing in life. Wear* not vegetable matter — deprived ? of aifht, feeling, or understanding. - Our prosperity and existence may depend upon the influ ence and actions of others over whom we ha\ e had no -control. Then why be ashamed -of condrfnoTU .that jon bare bad no part in Establishing WU1 experience ever teach ^on what would we think of a man who /.was a greater-blockhead athis tr&de; atthe end of life than ha tu at tbe beginning ? Would we beUeve what he cbose to say in recommendation of himself, or must we iiave a ntw Australia always when it is required. Bab ! Providence will provide, fhey tell us. Providence helps those wbo . help themselves, lien are not babies, that tbey should encumber Providence. This is not vrtiat the paiion teaches us, for he would relieve Providence of hfa responsi bility altogether. If we here cannot make a better attempt at politics than onr ances tors have made, then it may be trnly said we have reason to be ashamed. Our chances are bettor — our privileges are greater— and, if experience teaches, tve have no reason to oomplain. They want Federation to do what? To /do something more . wonderful than ever was done before. They must be champions. They will We Federation, or they will spoil everything. Who is looking after the interests of ths people while our politicians are occupying tbeir time «n Federation. Oh. it is a mvolout matter! If it was of any importance, a Select Com mittee would be appointed ; bot it all serves to accomplish their purpose. Is there any thing in Federation that could not be secured without . Federation. Certainly not. ' Unity „ is strength,' they tell -us. Who on earth are -they going to attack now ? Surely not' the Benevolent Asylum or these people in the- bt»ck. alleys. They will find you employment a(l right when they get their wishes gratified, nnd I sup pose yon will be.-pleased .to call this one of t iiej ' vicissitudes of fortune' byand bye ? What you have to do is to loek at the past, and ask 'yourselves if any good ever caine from the Government of any country? Why, is it nit- an established fact when social evils are pointed -5ut,- the answer is — ' It h ;s ever been so,' and I suppose it will 'bu to the end. Tho poor you have with you alw&ys; — never without them. But the end must- 1-o looked for in tbe beginning, not atter. yui are all lif.r nessed up into a state of conditions where it is considered a favoui- for society to pro vide only for the young and the strong. To tuke any part ia their proceedings is to' make you as guilty as thomselves, as. thoy. could not make laws by which t hey could enrich themselves .and impoverish others without your assistance ; or, if they choose to do thi3, then they are resppcsible, and not you. In- their mockery they talk of Democracy arid Majority Rule, while no such a thing exists.' There is the Consti tution laid down by tke.ancients of eighteen hundred years ago. If we had ' majority rule' we w.iuld have a new constitution, for su rnly the present inhabitants of the world number more fhfln they did eighteen centnties ago.-^YB^Vs, &c.-;, Wyalohg, N:S.W. . W. Ltell. 