Political Reform Associations jSrKCKSSAiiir.y, aud therefore quite natu rally, every new " political association" interposes between those terms the word " reform." This smacks of the age. No one thinks of . forming a political association to retain all things as they are ; that would be to retain abuses ; so that when associations are formed really to prevent reform, they have to adopt tho popular cateh word; 13ut reform associations have become as numerous; as blackberries iu a good season ; and not a few of tbom are sadly lacking in originality. In one of tho largest of our electorates another of these reform associations has just been formed ; and on looking at its platform one sees planks . that are very old timber. We shall be told that it is seasoned, and therefore must be reliable. It is not new, the proposal of " one adult one vote." This is in tho fore front of tho latest scheme. It exists iu Jfew Zealand and in South Australia, but its success is not conclusive'. The sending away of Australian contingents is an incident again reminding us that there are somo things which women can not do. None of them aro going in tho rank and. file of those con tingents. They may go as nurses, aud men will not do that. It is in part a make up for their being unable to shoulder a musket, or to play with a bayonet. The proposal for six mouths' residence iu the country before enrolment, and three months' in a district before right of transfer is granted are two very different proposals. The first shows that politics as a philosophy has not yot taken hold of those reformers. IIow many times must it bo pointed out that the political franchise is a freohold which a man should Hot lose because lie passes from one State to another ? He should take it with him ; and should be entitled to use it in a now State without losing it in an old State until be has acquired the right to exercise it in the new one." And so of his transfer from 0110 ' electorate to another. At present, a change of electorate is penalised by disfranchise ment. Such a change should never do more than causo a suspension of the right to vote. If roformors wish to' re form the present intolerable abuse, tbey will urge that 110 elector should bo disfranchised oxcopt for loss of civic status ; bis removal at uny time should be followed by these four4 things in order : («) A retention of his ' name on tho old list for three months ; (b) then a transfer if requested ; («) if the uume is that of a person who for sufficient roasons prefers that : his name should remain ou that list, it should . so remain ; (d) if 110 such request is made, the right to exercise tho vote to ho held iu uhevunco. The proposed abolition of a deposit does not catch on. It is not that every man, tho poorest man, should not have a chance, should he so desiro ; but iu too many instances that undoubted liborty has been so frightfully abused, that any measures for stopping it are justifiable. "VVo shall not readily part with a wholesome cheek like that. It really does not stand in tho way of any person with tho 'ghost of a chanco of getting into Parliament. All elections on one day would bo a real and much; needed change. The present system was devised to keop in power the party that is in at tho time ; to give its mem bers oxtra chances ; loading to - extra bribery and corruption.. It is safe . to resolve that a representative should be called .upon to resign on the vote of two- thirds of tho electors, for no suoh vote could ever bo obtained. Put apart from this, no . such condition could . well bo- put in. ' any constitution. Only electors ' can send : ' ' ' > ' a man' to Parliament; ' it is ono of tho prerogatives; that .only the ,'spvofdign; can send a member back to Iris constitu ents. Tho proposal that . a member, should resign at the call of his . con -; itituents is a proposal that wouldt racii cally alter the constitution, and that would effect other results hot observed or provided for by those who make the suggestion. It would not work. And whero we have three years' Parliaments, the time, soon slips around for putting ; tbo knife into au offending momber, " Abolition of tho second Chambor." This lias an old and familiar sound. Tho proposal does not call for another re mark, save this, that in all systems: of popular government there is " a second; Charober," de faelo, if nojt de /jure; that is to say, where there is only one House, preliminary legis lation is done, by committees, and . the House proper ' becomes "a second Chamber." Improve the second Chamber if you can by putting raon instead of " things" into it'j 'but you ; can never get rid of the revising function; and therefore you can never get rid of a bodv to do that sort of' work. It seoms familiar also to. hear about State deportments of industry,: nationalisation of mines, a progressive- land tax, an absentee tax, and the right of referendum. ; This new association 'is not opening with , a single novelty; and some of its proposals do not- look like reforms ; but they may be. 