Molly Riley's Christmas. ''Christmas again!—tlie dear old time when quarrels should be made up, wounds healed, and everybody should be vieing with each other in acts of love and charity. Yet hero I am, poor, miserable, lonely, with hardly a friend in the world, and certainly not a relation! If it were liot wicked, all this Xmas show would seem a mockery. But it can never be a mockery even to the saddest and loneliest, for sake of the dear Clirist- Cliild in whose remembrance none are forgotten." So Jiolly turned from the window and settled to her scrubbing right chuerily. Her room was small and bare. Poverty spoke in the scanty deal furniture, in the cheap curtains, in the almost empty cupboard, and in Molly's attire itself, as well as in her pinched features and pale chcekg. Yet Molly had her season of youth and bright- bloom! But those days were over, and for years now her life had been one of toil and privation. "I'm on the shady side of thirty," said Molly to herself, as she plved her brush busily; "my hair is turning grey, "I've had a twinge or rheumatism occasionally— yes, the years have left their mark!— but in spite of all my heart is young yet. I ought to feel wretched, but I don't. One would think I had a prospect of a happy Xmas before me. Yet I don't know where to-morrow's meal is to come from*!" She suoke the last words aloud, leaning reflectively to one Bide. "Go and cadge!' cried a fresh, boyish voice from the open doorway "you and me will both go almntin' for our Xmas tucker, eh, Mollyf" Molly looked at the thin, pert face and laughed. "I'm afraid we'll have to. Billy! There seems notliing else for it!" The boy handed her a note well grim, cd by his dirty fingers. " 'Spect Mrs. Lyons wants you to help over there to-niglit, and you can't get away to see them shops in Chapel-street. Lyons' are going to have a big spree, folks say." Molly read the letter, and a smile of satisfaction 1ft up her face. "Yes, she wants me over to look after tho laying of the tables, and to help the girl. She always pays promptly, so we'll have our dinner after all—that is if I can get away in time to buy tho tilings." "It would be a go if you couldn't," said the boy, with a prolonged whistle. "Never mind if yon can't. The missus is sure to give mi.' a Christmas box, and I'll buy what I can with that." "You'll only loan it, jnind, then, Billy! And be sure and bring your friends— that pour lame boy round the corner and Tommy Morris. If nobody will make a merry Xmas for us we must make a merry Christmas for somebody, Billy!"— as he was going off—"don't forget to go to the Crib this afternoon." "Alright, Molly, and I'll go to early Mass, never fear." "Billy's a good boy; I've never regretted making a protege of him," said Molly, as she hurried up with lier work, and got ready to go to Lyons'. Lyons Bros, were well-to-do tradespeople, much given to having company. Molly found plenty of work awaiting her, and set to at it like a Trojan. Her help was invaluable in such affairs, and Mrs. Lyons, when she appeared at last to survey the diningroom, was very pleased with the appearance of the tables. Molly had true artistic feeling. It was not difficult to see that she had known better days." "After the work is done, and we are' having some singing and amusements in the ballroom, you might like to have a look on, Miss Riley? You want to leave as early as you can? O, very well, but the children will find you a corner should you change y"our mind." She scanned the girl's figure critically. Her black dress, though shabby, was neat. Molly never looked common, however poorly clad. For the first time noticing how worn the girl's face was, a thrill of pity stirred Mrs. Lyons' somewhat purse-proud heart. She took out her purse, and paid Molly straightway, giving her half as much again as she usually did. A Christmas Tree had been put up in the ballroom, and hung with all sorts of good things. A friend of the children s was dressed up as Santa Claus, and after dinner the fun was fast and furious. Molly felt the infection of the clear ringing laughter that every now and again reached her, so *she slipped into the ballroom quietly after a bit, and sat in the shadow of a palm. The children were all banging on to Santa Claus, who evidently had been distinguishing himself for their pleasure. "Sing us another song, Santa! there's a dear! A funny one." Santa obediently cleared his throat. He commenced to sing. Molly started at the first, clear, manly notes, then she sat pale and still, her hands clasped together tightly on lier lap. The jovial ring in the voice changed to one of pleading tenderness, as the Santa started the chorus, and the tears started to Molly's eyes and flowed unheeded down her cheeks. It was only a common song, a common chorus -! "Sweet Molly Riley, I love you! Tell me, Molly Riley, does your heart beat true Marry me, my darling, Til die if you say no, And my ghost will coiue and haunt you, Molly Riley O!" One Molly Riley looked as if she were haunted, at any rate! She stood up two or three times as if she must rush for. ward, then sat down weeping again. "It must be Rory!" she whispered with white lips; "it must be! I couldn't be mistaken in his voice. There's the touch of the dear old brogue, and all!" And lier tears flowed faster. "Now, if lie'd only sing 'Kathleen Mavourneen,' I'd be positive." It seemed like an answer to her wish, when, after a little while, some one struibk tho chords off the symphony of that song on the piano, and the "rich tenor voici rang out with such feeling that the children's hubbub was stilled ' Kathleen Mavourneen, the grey dawn is breaking, The voice of the hunter is heard on the hill. The lark from his light wing the bright dew is shaking Kathleen Mavourneen. why slumbering still? O dost thou remember that soon we must sever, 0 dost thou remember how soon we must part? It may be for years, and it mav be for ever! Then why art thou silent, the voice of my heart'!" It was more than Molly Riley could stand. In a trice she was at the piano, her hand on Santa Clnus' sleeve. "Oh, Rory. Rory! Thanks be to God. 1 have found you at last." And that giddy Santa Claus actually dropped his magic belongings, and clasped our Molly Riley to his heart—forgetful of the commotion he was causing among the guests. Strength of emotion Had tr . couple ..rgs«t time place—and etiquette. "It was really all most romantic"' -to. Lyjus told h r fri< n.lM wli had not the good fortune to be there; "it seemB they were lovers in Ireland, and Molly's people came between them; then he took his passage out here, Mr. Lyons getting to know him through business. Rory lia$ a store of his own now—Molly's family came out here some time afterwards, but the uoor girl never came across him all these years, as ho didn't know where she was. It seems they've been true to each other all the tune. She lenew his voice, but wasn't quite sure till he sang a song he used to sing to her in Ireland. Of course I made tho best of matters, and the two were quite lionised for the rest of the evening. The children were delighted and thought they had never had such happy Xmas Eve? I'm giving the Bride to be her wedding trousseau, as she has no friends or relations. Her parents died soon after they came out." Billy had his Christmas dinner—"the greatest and grandest feed he'd ever had m his life!" he informed envying ur chins; "but it'll be nothing" to the spread we'll have when Molly—I mean Miss Riley—marries her beau—Mr. Rory O'Flynn, that is. I didn't think there was a man in the world good enough for her, but he's a real good sort, I tell you —and never a better Xmas box could I wish her, boys." So all went well for dear "Molly Riley, 0!" —Marion Miller. [This tale was accidentally omitted last week.—Ed. '• Advocate."] 