Hixwi BsnracEs. . . By "BOPEBICg:" ... DEFEATED TWO-VEAR-OLDS AS DERBY CANDIDATES Some Memorable Matches. The defeat of the boomed Blue Riband candidate — Lancaster — in the Ioltimur Two-year-old Race at Caulfield on Satur day will hardly 1» palatable to those bookers — all over Australasia, including M&oriiand; — who supported him so sub stantially, and, maybe, so Impetuously, for tbe coining Derby and Melbourne Cup. There was certainly no bolstering up of the betting market In connection with tbo handsome son of Frailty, either in a classic Derby and Cup or % comparatively lilliputiau Lillimur Handicap connection. The colt was legitimately backed, as some of tbe most intimate associates of the stable know to their cost. Consequently their Derby and Cup outlook just now presents an extremely dismal and cloudy appearance. For, although it may be arguod that Mr, 44 Bill" Saycrs' expensive purchase was not (nor could lie , reasonably have been expected to be at this distance from the Derby) quite wound up, he was evidently forward enough to have im pelled his party and the public to instal birn first favorite for Saturday's race, and it is also only logical to assume that he must also have shown Foulsham and tbe Caulfield touts 44 something " to have in spired those early Derby and Cup com missions. It may be unwise to attach too much importance to one bad gallop, even with tho silk and 44 Billy" Delaney in tbe saddle, and when heavily backed. 13ut 44 last but one" in a field of eleven is anything but a desirable debut, and Lancaster left liis admirers so badly in tbe lurch at Caulfield that it might be diplomatic to leave the brown severely alone in either a Derby or Cup connection until he docs something in public worthy of his famous ancestry. However, there arc fully three months between this and Derby Day, and it is just possible that a little bit sooner — say, in the Caulfield Guineas— Lancaster may improve on bis earliest public form. All old time records teach us that it is a most unusual occurrence for a maiden to win a V.R.C. Derby. Martini-Henry ('88) was the first within my time, but he had never previously started, and was, consequently, like Grand Flaneur, undefeated at the time. Tbe previous year, 92, Navigator had won five races as a two-year-old before he started and won liis Blue Riband. This beautiful black, by tbe way, was only once defeated us a threc-ycar-old. This was in the first Champion, captured by old Commotion. Looking a bit farther back, we find that Darcbiu the Derby winner of '81) won as a two-year-old, but as Lancaster has only a week in front of him, and no public engagements with which to retrieve his lost laurels tbis season, tbese reminiscences, coupled with the vivid recollection of his recent display in public, can hardly be anything but disconcerting to his backers. However, we may as well, since we have waded in so far, dive and dig down deeper, and endeavor to ascertain whether there ever has been, within the last twenty yeare, an instance of a colt badly beaten in his initial essay, and in second-rate two-year-old company, winning a V.R.C. Derby three months afterwards. Hard to find, I fancy. For even Rufus— undeniably the worst horse that ever won a Derby — had previously con trived to win a Nursery Handicap at Flemtogton. But the nearest approach to a precedent for, or a parallel to, Lan caster's performance and Derby prospects were afforded by Ensign at Randwirk in 'S3, when be finished nearly last in the Firet Nursery Handicap, but almost won the Second Nursery Handicap same meeting. So even this was a bit superior to Lancaster's Caulfield form. Strsiib- , more, a maiden two-year-old, just managed to struggle into second place in an 44 Unplaced Two-year-old Handicap" at Fleininglon, but this was in Marti). not July, us in Lancaster's case, anil, we now all know. Ibis son of Oui»V 'j- subsequently turned out to be one of tie greatest three-year-olds Mr. W. R. Wilson ever possessed. » Camoola won races as a two-year-old. So did Carnage — Federal and Champagne Stakes. The Harvester, who won the Derby of '94, also distinguished himself at two years old. But Wallace's record as a youngster was distinctly disappointing after he had defeated Forluxmtus ra w.f.a. in the Flying Stakes at Fleming- ton. Still, as the chestnut son of old Carbine ran Hova to a bead at Fleming- ton. Bob Ray to half a head at Rand- wick, and finished a close second to Gcorgic at the same meeting, be cer tainly bad considerably more to say for himself than Lancaster has so far. Newhaven doesn't need any com mendation as a two-year-old, though a bit of an in atid outer. But Auibcrite. the following year, was almost as arrant a failure as Lancaster is up to date. Not quite as bad, though, for Duenna's son did finish second twice to a racehorse in little Aurum in the Spring of '97. All of whicli can only lead up to one conclusion, diseonsolaiory as it may prove io impatient punters. Lancaster, according to all pruccdoui. cannot pos sess the ghost of a pretention to either Derby or Cup honors, unless, of course, there was something radically wrong with bis form on Saturday. Substanti ally supported: it is said, by the proper people, he was lieu ten like n hncj,-. aud performed iu a fashion altogether un- worthy of his aristocratic 'lineage. The Tcecnt death of Calopiii, one of the most brilliant racehorses! aud err- taiuly one of the greatest sires old Eng land has ever twu nt ihr >>i tid. revoke reminiscences of the seventies. Tour or /ire and twenty years back 1 saw the son of Vedette win his Derby, and I also have just a remote recollection of bis memorable match, over a mile. I think, with the old hurdle race horse. Low- lander. Galopiu won. But his van quished opponent subsequently turned out to he a smasher,' defeating, among others, at "W.F.A., I fancy, ihu mighty Thunder, who won tbo Queen's Vase in 1S7(J. Fred Archer, I remember, was up on Tbuuder. on whom odds wore laid, and I bare an idea that Custnnee had the inouut on Lowlnnder, whom Galopin beat very comfortably. All of which, of course, tends to ncccnluriV the prowess, of Galopin. tbe sire of St. Simon, and other great horses. la all probability due homage has been paid to tho fame of this rtaiiiou and liis progeny in an- other column, hut as. in ail the pub- fished obituaries of this great horse which have come under mv observation. 1 liavc failed to find the slightest refer ence to one of his most brilliant feats, or to tbe most memorable equine duel of recent years—1 Galopin v. Lowlander— It struck me that a line or two on the sub ject uiigbt not be altogether devoid of interest just now. Pity we haven't mare matches— or, for that matter, any matches at all— between our best horses Id Australia. Pact is, ae owners themselves have over and over again confessed to m. thoreV a distinct disinclination <m the part of the proprietor of. say, a Derby candidate or a W.F.A. hore out here i to "prejudice the bandicappor" in connection with future events by patching bis horse against . /mother animal for n big stake. : % am fold it used to be different Xp the old days. But, surely, 'we bare many whole- souled sportemen ln ourjnidst now as we had thirty or forty- years back, or in the days of VENO V. ALICE HAWTHORN®. » . Still, judged by tbe record of at least one race run at Caulfield as re cently as last Saturday, there must be plenty of pluck aud a good deal of money left in the composition, and to the credit, of Victorian owners even to day. I am informed, for example, that In the formidable field of eight nnd twenty starters, the owner of Locli Fyne staked 44 a monkey" (£000) on his horse, who won, and as the commission 1b Raid to have aver- aged about 7 to 2, tbe plucky proceed': ton resulted in a profit of about £1800. Vet, iu t\ match between n. couple of classic or "W.F.A. >erformcrs (not a. five furlong flutter, in a field of spcoud-classers),hnw many owners are there to be found to un.r sufficiently confident or game enough to put up f.W a-piccc to bind such an encoun ter ? 