General News. Marconci's system of wireless telegraphy , is now in operation between the ships of the Mediterranean fleet. The Czar has dismissed one of his Privy Councillors for writing articles insulting the French army, in connection with the Dreyfus trial. By the steamer Waihora, gold to the value cf £21,639 was on Monday shipped at Auckland for Sydney. Miners working in Blayney copper mine complain of supernatural noises below ground and assert that there is a ghost in the workings. The body of a dead child, wrapped in a sheet of newspaper, was found the other night in a Marrickville tram. At the Victorian Rifle Association meeting the Federal match was won by Queensland, with N.S.W. second. The body of a man has been found in an ^nipty house at Bit hurst in such a state of decomposition that it was impostiible to move it. It was that of a painter named William Jewell, and the body was found lying on the bed clebhed only in a nightshirt. The Coroner considered an inquest unnecessary and gave an order for the burial. Milk suppliers at the conference at Albion Park, by a unanimous vote, decided on forming a union, by which it is considered the difficulties hitherto encumbering the milk trade will be removed, and u satisfactory basis formed for the conduct of the industry W hen the Lancer is a.lancing in a far-off foreign laDd, And the Cavalry are doii\g deeds of valor on their mokes. When the Riflemen are rifling the burghers of the Rand, Then the girls they left behind them will be mashing other blokes I Over a thousand tons of hay were burnt on Uutinible Station (Gunnedah) last week through stacking before being properly dry. The Bibhop of Bat hurst, speaking in reference to the Transvaal war, stig matised the Boers as white savages. At the Crookwell Police Court last week a milkman named O'Connell was fined £5 for cruelly beating a cow. He broke three of its ribs and inflicted so many injuries that the cow died. A'-^aralga correspondent writes: Crops and herbage here bear testimony to the excellent s°a>on wu are experiencing. The Emperor of Germnny, with the Empress and t.wo sons, has embttrki d on the Royal yacht for his'visit to England. The visit of the Emperor 1 William to England is unpopulnr ii; I (iorniany. j bpeakii g of the wonderful season | WP Kie viijnyimf, ue (••!(. V. Times") j ventured last Thursday to express to i Mr. M. Fleming that he ought now to be on the high road to fortune. He had his doubts about this, but inci- ; dentally ^dmitted#iB^ ;h,. had egtahlished a record last#tBi>nth,- when the cream (jfhieh hCiSefids to Sydney) from his herd of 40 milkers realised 23s 9d per head, , - A petition is iii jciroulation at Grenfell asking Mr. -Holman, M.L.A., to resign on accoutiiflpf fome-alleged anti- Empire utteranc^ 4&Si;<i~to have been made by him in :P<tfKau|erit. Protestant cteifepenrat Bathnrst are refraining fr&3f»Ukiflg part in the forthcoming Hospital Sunday demonstration as a protest,against the desecration of the Sttbbatfc A Pitt- street property, valued at £36,000, is reported to have beeu bought for the purpose of erecting a new Stock Exchange building upon it. The South Australian Government has accepted the proposals of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company for the laying of a cable between Natal and Australik. At Delegate Police Court on Tues* day, Frederick William Bartsch was committed for trial to Goulburn Quar- ter Sessions on a charge of Assault on Miss Huie, the Wellesley school teacher. For stealing u gun Bartsch was sentenced tb three months' imprisonment in Gd&burn; Gaol. During the half-year Broken-hill Block 14 mine has produced 586,592 oz. of silver. FOR MEN and BOYS.—All ailments of Boys and Men are ably treated iu this little book, by a specialist of 30 years' standing. Should be read by-all weak or debilitated men. Some say it tells too much, but it is well to know yourself and how to be manly. Sent free, a post card will do. Dr, RICHABDSOS, Great fhisaell-st., London. W.C., England. The Kent, with the first batch of the New South Wales troops on board, is expected to put into Port Elizabeth for orders on the 27th instant, and the Aberdeen on December 2. The Premier states that there is a reasonable possibility of the present session being concluded before Christmas. • f., Mr. J, Norton made a strong attack on the police administration in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday night, and asked that a Royal Com mission should be appointed. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Affleck brought in s bill to do away with the issue of railway passes for life. Mr. Crick on Tuesday night gave notice of a new standing order fixing a time limit to speeches in the Assembly. Mr. Houston, Under-Secretary for Lands, has been offered the position temporarily of the office vacated by Mr. Coghlan, on the Public Service Board. 