.The Mesmerist's Crime. (Published bt Special Aheaxgememi. By B. L. FARJEON, Aullior of 44 Tlie Great Porter Square Mystery, " 44 Giif," 4iTho Snored Nuggel," "Miriam Rozellu," 44 A Fair Jewess," 41 Tho Betrayal of Joliu Fordham," 44 Tho Goldon Land," &c.;, &c; .CopvuiGirr.j , CHAPTER XI. ebnaud |i M a ubruy jpi K| was putting thu partrnit 5Tl W' h?1 ftffy 1 ImS fallen ffl !n but lii» f //St own. With. A j| _ mingled' ' ad- SK m vl V miration and U4 , ! 'iw distils Dr. 'fl\ » ® "Wcbcr gazed v upon tho beautiful work. 44l'fc lives, Weber," cried tho artist en- thusiastically ; it almost breathes. What guy your" 44 It is wonderful!" replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by tlie mournful news he was f intrusted to communicate. The sad note in the doctor's voice drew Maubray's attention to him; but ho turned tlie nest moment to the engrossing creation of hie loving fancy. 44 I did not wish you to see it," ho con tinued, 44 until it was completed. It has been toy principal occupation theso last two montlis, and even now I am scarcely sutMioil ; it is hardly worthy of tho original, but who could hope to fix upon canvas a face and form so perfect ? It is my gift to licr upon her return ; when she louks upon ir. she will lutow that she lius lived in my heart. Valerie's letters lead mo to expect that I ahull not have long to wait for our happy reunion." 41 1 have heard from her," said Dr, Weber. <4FVum Gabficllo ?" 44 No, from Valerie." Again the sadness of Ins voice attracted the notice of the artist, and now ho gazed upon his friend inoro attentively. 41 I am guilty of great .selfishness," lie said, laying liis hand kindly upon his friend's fchouldch "It is tho curse of our nature. Forgive my apparent indifference You are in trouble." 14 Yes, I am in troulilo ; but not alone for myself, Manbray. There are sorrows which affect us deeply through sympathy with those wo love." Maubray's face grew pale as ho laid aside his palette nud brushes. 14 You have received n letter from Valerie. Docs this sorrow touch mo!-" 44 It touches you. dear friend." 44 Valerie is ill." cried Maubray. "Thon I must go to hor. \\. wis too weak and irresolute ; ilioy should not have gouo without me. I must go to them at onccat onco !" 44 Valerie is well." said Dr. Weber, and . his voice grew more grave. "Good God! It is Gahrielle ! Tell mo quickly— quickly ! Why did not Vuloric write to mo ? Speak, man, speak I Thcro is something in your face " 41 Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. Valeric did not writo to you direct because fa'no feared tho shock." 44 The shock !" exclaimed Muubray, a vaguo terror stealing upon him. SUo is ou her way home ; sho will soon ..bo here." 44 With Gabriellc — oh, thank God ! Gabriellc is ill, but we will nurse her into health. ?Jy earc, your skill " His agitation overpowered liiia, and he could not proceed. 44 Valeric comes alone," said Dr. Weber, solemnly. 44 Alone ! " 44 Dear friend, there arc griefs which need all our strength to bear. They come to all men ; it is the human lot. But in the midst of our anguish wo inusc not be rcgardloss of those who arc still left to us, and whoso lovo will help to soften even the bitterest strokes «>t destiny. Tho sense of duty remains : faith remains ; and Time, the healer, will mitigate our sufferings." 44 Gabriellc is dead ! " said Maubray in a muffled tone, and turned his face to the wall. 44 Alas! " In that one word the revolution was clearly made. For many minutes neither spoke ; thou Dr. Wobcr said", 44 Valeric asked mc to break tho sad uows ; bhc onelosed a let ter for you." 44 Leave mc, Weber," said tho bereaved man. 14 Do not speak, I cunuot boar it. Sho is gouo! Gone I " Ho sank into a chair, and covered his faco with bis bauds. A black desolation fell upon him ; joy died oat of the world ; nothing but. pain and Vorrow remained. Tho image of Gnbriclip presented itself to him, as ho first saw her in Paris when love touched his heart ; as ho last saw her when sho departed with Valerie. Had ho but known — had lie but known ! Tho imago slowly faded, and tho world was dead. Ho did not weep ; the blow was too crushing for tho relief of tears. J)r. Weber placed Valeria's letter on the table, and softly left tho room. It was a full hour before ho stirred from his recumbent attitude, nud wheu ho raised his head liis eyes rested upon tho portrait of Gabriellc. He had depicted her with a smile upon her face, and her lips seemed to ho opening in the act of speaking. Was it possible that this dumb cauvas should livo nud she be dead ? No, it was not possible ; some deceit had been practised upon him. But Valerie's letter dispelled this delusion ; tho words swum in liis sight, but reached his souse. 44 She died in peace. Dear father, bo comforted." A smile, bitter in its rebellion against the inevitable, came from his lips. 44 Be comforted ! " What could comfort a dim living in a dead world ! This was a great tragedy in Bernard Man- bray's life, but in the heart of this trugedy was u secret, mercifully hidden from him by Valerie, tho knowledge of which would have overwhelmed him with a deeper despair and a deathless horror ; a secret which would havo sliukon to its foundations liis belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared in deed, .though his anguish was Huillciently poignant without that bitter knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was tho desolatiou of his soul tlmt the presence of his dear child brouirht no comfort ; that the presence of Madame Hurt- maun, who came from I'aris to console liim, brought no comfort ; that seeing them day by day, with the consciousness that they were watching his misery with sympathetic eyes, animated only with the loving desire to find a way to mitigate it, was an added torture to liim. 44 What can wo do for yon, dear Bernard ?" 4aid Madame Hnrtmuim. "Leave mo to myself," he replied. 44 Nothing will help me but solitude. I must, be alono to wrestle with my grief." So it fell out — for their pleadings wore aimless— that Valerie wus once more banished Arum his home, and 'returned to Paris with her aunt. 44 You are not angry with me, father?" fcbe asked him ou tho day of hor departure. " Angry with you, my child ¥ No— no !" 44 You will send for mo I You will lot mo Come home again !" 41 When I urn at pcueo, Valerie, when I euft'-T less, I will send for you." Ah, tho pity in hor i'uco— the fonder com- , passion with which she embraced tho father she loved and hououred ! Was it treachery that she should kcop her secret clone, tho BUirot that brought hot blushes to lier chcok#, lio tears to her eyes, iu the solemu watches of tho night ? No, it was the truest mercy. It lay iu its grave at peace, but no grave so deep us to help licr to forgot. To tho lust boar of her life its memory would remuiu. For two years Bernard Mimbruy kept him- ielf secluded iu Crow's Nest, admitting no friend or acquaintance with tho Mugle ex ception of Dr. Weber, and ho came uninvited. Upon tho first occasion, indeed, Dr. Weber forced himsolf upon hi& friend, alarmed by tho reports which reached him of the state of Muubray'c neoith, 44 It is useless to expostulate," said tho doctor; 44 1 am here, and here I inteud to remain. Friends aro scarce, and I do not intend to lose mine if my poor skill cau save him. You are not over-pleased to see inc. Very good — or rather, very bud. Neither am I over-pleased to seo you in the statu you are. My dear Maubray — my dear Maubray ! " The underlying affection in this little speech brought a faiut responsive siuilo toMaubray's lips. 44 1 am glud to sco you, Weber," ho said. " Forgive tho coldness of my welcome." 44 1 will forgive everything when I seo tho Maubray of old before iuo. Not this Maubray that I see now — why, my dear friend, you are liko a ghost ! Now lot us bo practical. What is tho mutter with you?" 44 1 cannot sleep." 44 For how long has this been so ?" 44 Many months." 44 1 am going to examine you. No protests ! I know my business, and you know yours. No denying that ; and no denying cither that to waste a talent— a God-given talent — is a heinous sin. How immy pictures have you painted this last year ?" 44 Not one." 41 Then you have long arrears to pull up. You shall paint mv portrait, so that a fitting presentment of myself may go down to an ungrateful posterity." " I cannot do it." 44 You shall do it. It is the only favour I have over asked of you, and I will not ho denied. I will give you tho first sitting to- mo: row. Remember, I nm your physician." " X cannot put brush to canvas till I iret some sloop." 44 1 will ensure you sleep; the lonely life you aro loading is .sufficient to destroy your nerves and your brain. When did you hoar from Valeria last ?" 44 Yesterday." 44 Is she well?" 44 Sho says so." 44 .When did you write to her last?" 44 A fortuiglit ago." Thcro was reproach iu the glauce Dr. Weber cast upon Maubray, and ho felt it. Lifo was beginning u> stir within liim : the friendly imperimisaess, tlio healthy boistcr- ousues.H of tho doctor were telling upon the naturally healthy organisation of the artist. 44 It is not liko you, Maubray, to neglect so sweet a girl as Valerie — yutir only child, who loves you devotedly." 44 Do I neglect her?" "Would you ask that question a second time, Maubray?" 44 No. You am right in much that you say, in much that you imply. But you seo, I am worn out. The curse of sleeplessness un balances mo." Although Dr. Weber did not approvo of opiates, he recognised the necessity of them in this case. But ho found that ordinary remedies wore powerless to produce tho need ful repose, and ho was compelled to have recourse to a deadly drug of his own pre paring, which had the desired offset. In a lew days Muubruy's eyo was brighter, his skin was regaining its natural colour. Tho drug Dr. Weber administered was si dissolv able powder, ami one of its virtues was that it, was tasteless and colourless, and that it imparted no ilavour to the liquid iu which it was dissolved. Thus a person taking it unaware would not suspect its presence,' and this peculiarity rendered it daugerous. So great was the benefit Maubray derived from it that he insisted upon being hupplicd with several doses for use, if needed, at some future lime when tho doctor's por.ioual ser vices might nut be available. Cumplving with this request, Dr. Weber was careful to explain the danger that lay iu taking a larger dose than ho had prescribed. 44 It is comparatively harmless." he said. 44 when taken as I direct, though its habitual use would certainly lead to injurious results." " A remark wliich applies to all narcotics," said Maubray, 4 4 That is so, but in this drug there is special danger. Use it only when there is imperative need for it, and keep it locked away, so that it shall not fail into tho bauds of ttuy other persou than yourself. Its nature is absolutely deadly, and only the smallest dose can bo taken with safety." " I will keep it iu a secret drawer in this studio," said Maubray, 44 which no one can upon bur. myself. Then there is another safe guard in the label, Deadly Poison ' which you have properly affixed iu tho wrapper." This conversation was taking place iu iiio Ruined Tower, and Muubrav showed Dr. Weber the secret drawer in which he deposited the powder. 44 What would bo the effect of a double dose?" Dr. Wcbor looked at him apprehensively. 44 Do not bo alarmed, I have no intention of inks- using it. Tho crisis is past and my mind is recovering its balance. In proof of which 1 have resolved to paint a new Marguerite, and am already cagor to commence. I have even selccted iny model, and have iny canvas ready." 44 That will be better than any medicino I can administer," said Dr. Weber, hailing with delight this healthy symptom. 44 Who is your model?" 44 Her name is Fridn ; the daughter of a workman in tho quarries. I wa;« sitting at my window hero, and sho paused along' tho road. Beholding hor, I was irresistibly re minded of Marguerite, nud, as usual with all crazy enthusiasts was eager to set to work immediately. Sho comes to- morrow morn ing.'' He spoke with animation, and Dr. Weber saw before him the old Maubray ho had wished to sec. Muubray returned to the theme of the drug. 44 What would bo the effect if a double dose were taken?" 44 A sunn in perfect health would sleep for three or four days. One iu fecblo health might never awake." 44 And a trebledosc 44 Would ho fatal." 44 Instantly fatal?" 44 No. Within the hour, I should think, In a doso so largo tlioro would bo a curious variation. Instead of sending tho man to sleep, it would keep liim uwuke, till death supervened." v A death of suffering?" 44 A perfectly painless death." 44 Would he lose tho use of his faculties ?" 44 He would retain them to the last." "Then tho death traueo," «aid Maubray, thoughtfully. 44 It is fortunate that tho secret of this drug is known to few." y 1 believe it; to bo known only to myself," said Dr. Weber. ' My discovery of its effect was accidental. In its natural stato it is comparatively harmless; I pronaro it in a certain way, and that, is iny secret. Onlv to you would I intrust so lurgo a quantity. You will be careful of it, Maubray." 44 Trust me. I will not mis-use it." Hero the conversation ended, and next day Maubray began work on hut famous picture of Marguerite. The imago of Gabricflo was slill in his mind, aud lio thought, of her con stantly, but tho sharp pang indicted by her death had passed away, and in its placo reigned a sad and tender memory. In their conversations Dr. Weber referred frequently to Valerie, and Maubray wrote to hor now inoro regularly and at greater length. Gradually and suroiy lio ro- guiiftd his usual serenity, and con templated recalling his duughter homo at no distent date. Events hastened tlie fulfil ment of this intention. Madame Hnrtumnifs husband died and sho was loft a childless widow. Maubray seized tho opportunity. Ho sent fur Valeric, and invited ms sister to take up her ohodo with him. She joyfully consented, and presently domestic happiness onco more reigned in tho artist's homo. No shadow fell upon tlie peace of Crow's Ncfc until Maubray intercepted the letter which Professor Floury had sont to his daughter. Two months laid passed since then, nud all tho efforts made bv Maubray to discover tho writer had failed. Tho picture of Gabriclle which he had puiutod hung upon the wall of his studio in tho Ruined Tower. TO SE C0NT1KUE1). 