NOVEL. The Wonder-Wifch By M, e. MCCLELLAND, CHAPTER XVIII.-(Continued.,) Bat when the negroes whispered about, with horrid insistence, a grim legend of a peddler seen to enter the wakefield door, bat not to eome oat again, the populaoe deoided that the town was ripe for investigation, and, summoning official aid, raided the plaoo. The Wakefields resisted, and there was a hattie, in whioh a man or two were shot. This added to the evil repute of the Îilace, and it needed only a hid eoe B disoovery Q one of tho cellars, and an incontinent lynohing in the backyard, to give it a char- acter whioh would condemn it to isolation from human occupation forever. The agent no longer took the troublo even to fasten ap doors and windows. Ho knew that in the buoolio imagination, both white and col- oured, the plaoo would speedily booorao a ohoioo rendezvous for evil spirits and haunts, and the partioular stamping ground of the d/vil. . .Aa Ruth turned from a side gate into the public road, she notioed a nephew of her relative's, who lived with her, in a far field, talking to a man on horsobaok. She oau tored ou briskly, not wishing to be belated. A milo or so on she turned into a cross road whioh debouched through a pine forest and waa apparently but li ttl o used. The after- noon was Bombre, with a dull November sky and intermittent sunshine. Tho ohlll of tho air was untouched, and the oarth held the '«oat of the previous night, so that, except where fallen, pine needles deadened all sound, it rang hard aa iron under the horse's hoofs. On either hand the pines, attejstyled and massive, uplifted oolumna of bronze, with solemn . cathedral effoots, enhanced by the interlacing of d¡??k branob.es above into impost and arch, rib and groin. Through the foliaged intricacies of thia mighty roof the light sifted dimly down to the shadow less carpet of brown pine needles. Ruth rode slowly, impressed with the silence .and grandeur of the plaoe and invigorated" by the aromatic meengo which she drew into Tier langs. A short distance farther the woods opened into clear field*, enclosed by dilapidated fences, acd abandoned to the encroachment of broomsedge and sor ab. Tho road, much washed and gullied, led circuitously to the old farmhouse in tho distance, so Ruth loft it and cut across through the fields. The house stood brre and forlorn among its de- nuded trees, the very epitome and centra oí an encompassing desolation. Ruth shuddered as she looked at it, mildewed over with decay, its sashless win- dows goggling into spaoe like eyeless sockets, its smokeless chimr-eys eloquent of cold hearthstones below. She did not won- der that the plaoe was avoided by all, and was half sorry she had come to it herself. She wrenched her mind away from the wonder which of the trees had been nsed as a gibbet, and resolutely recalled the old time, striving to fill the silence and desola- tion with the movements of men aud the glow of camp fives. The yard enclosure was gone, but a broken gate post etuok up in front, like a last tooth in the jaw of old age. Ruth dismounted and fastened her horae to it. The pathway to the house was distinct still and well beaten, but the porch itself waB unsound, and sâgged' mournfully away from the building. Kath orossed it dubi- ously and laid her hand on the door. As eba did so her horse whinnied sharply, and she glanced back at him, startled. There was nothing in sight : so, concluding that the beast was simply protesting against baing left, she pushed open tho door and ontored. Tho room to the right cf the hall was the one io. which the jovial general and his staff had toasted her on that far away mouing. She glanced at it curiously, noting itB utter desolation and the dirt and dilapidation which spoke ol its hideous after days. She proceeded up the Btairway, trying to revivify old associations and emotions, and failing signally. The 'now' was omnipresent, and for the then there could be only the unsub- stantially of a ghostly return. It was of (luthrie, not of the gay young Confederate, that Ruth thought as she crossed the upper hall and entered the small room ' in whioh their interview had taken j plaoe. Hero it was better : the room was moderately olean, and the window, while de- nuded of a pane or two bf glass, retained its sashes.: " The gloom without had lifted a little, and what scant sunshine th" e wa3 entered and lay in a segmented equare on the floor. A shabby old table, too forlorn to tempt theft j stood ia the centre of the room, and besido it a broken-baoked chair, whioh seemed somehow to turn the edge of the general desolation. Ruth seated heuelf and strove loyally to bring back the pent, oven removing her gloves so that she might derive inspiration from the wonder-witoh's ring. , So intent waa she that aha did not not'ee the noiseless opening of an inner doorj or the equally noiseless advance of a man in grey uniform. It was or'y when a quiet voice said, * It's pretty havd work conjur- ing it all baok, isn't it P* tnat she looked ap in terror, with her heart ia her throat, to behold-tho Confederate ! For a delirious instant it seemed to her that she mast ba trysting with a ghost, and then Guthrie's voice, enroling forgiveness for a sordid trick was m her ears, aad Guthrie's strong hands held lirra in their clasp. Then, in a moment their eyes had spoken, aad a great spell broke over her, and she was gathered close ?n his arms, dinging on his breast, with his lips seeking here, and her heart all a-tremble with relief and love and comprehension. 