WIIEN LIFR IS YOUNG. — — (BY Sir, A3 K. LOCKING,) CITAPTBri XIX.— THE MAJOIl. ' "I leave the mysteries. of llfo ' . Willi Ono Who known." The crowd linrt only just molted nwny from tho church door when o stranger drove rapidly up in tlio "Observer" olllco In a cab. Do wns a tall, military- lolling man cf about GO years of ago, with a sunburnt face and a lung groy muustnclie. Ho attracted I list ant nollcu when- lio ; alighted from tho cnb. His alert manner, his straight military- bearing, his cloan-cut, aristocratic face, wcro In striking contrast to wlufl. were usually seen 111 Deeping. "A very handsome gcntlemnn," was tho com ment. "I wondor who he Is?" WILh very little delay, ho was admitted Into tho presenco of the editor. Jolm Sugden looked up with an expression of curiosity In his thought ful eyes, and Instantly rose to Ills feet. "I am come," said tlio stranger, abruptly, "to mnlto lunulrlos nhmit a reporter of yours who, I uudorstand Is missing. V - "Will you not toko a neat?". John Sugdon said, and ho puchod a chair towards his visitor. "My' name is Verwood," the stranger went on, apparently without lioedlng, and ho handed John Ills card. "Mnjor-Genoral Verwood," John road— a namo that was altogether strango.to bltn. "And I may tell you," continued the Major, "that I am In search of my nephew. I have only just returned from tho Enst, and tlnd that ho has boon absent from1 his homo for two years and' more. Yostorday my oyo caught a paragraph III 'The Tlmos' to tho effect that a reporter on tho staff of tbo 'Deeping Observer,! 'named Wy- liurn, bail suddenly and mysteriously disappeared. Now, -Wyburn Is tho namo of my nephew— Doug las Wyburn- " "Tlio' very same," John Interrupted. "Yon say ills namo wis Douglas?" tho Major questioned, dropping Into tho chair. "Yes. Hero Is tho last lioto I received from him, with his signature In full." "What was lib Ilka?" the Major asked, with a little gasp, John described him In 'dotal!,- niul In some what flattering terms. ' "Tho young dog!" tho Major grunted. "And now ho bus cleared off again without telling any body — got tired of reporting, 1 expect?" "I wish I could think his dlsappeoranoo was merely a freak," John replied. "To tell yon tho truth, I am much afraid something serious has happened to him. Ho was not of tho freaky sort. Besides, ho liked Ills work, and seemed most inxious to get oil." "Thou, you liavo no clue to his whereabouts ?" iho Major askod, looking troubled. "Nono whatever." "But a full-grown man Willi his wltB about )im could not got lost. lit a pokey, sleepy town lilto this." "I admit It does not seem reasonable; hut wo have to acoopt tho facts as they are. .Since Mon day night nothing lins been seen or heard of him. Ho put on Ills hat and overcoat and went out, evidently intending to return; and that Is all wo know. IIo lias not relumed; and where ho- is Ifcaven only knows." "Then you fear foul play?" "I hardly knoiv what I fear. He liad not an onoiny in tlio towii, as far as I am aware of. It is true last November ho was tho means of trapping a couplo of burglars, who aro now doing time at Portland. Sometimes I have wondered If any of thoir accomplices havo been taking thfelr rovengo. That, however, hardly seems reasonable. It ho had simply mot with an accident, lie would havo been dlscovorod long before Uils."' "And you say that lie has behaved woll sl-noo ho has boen In tills town — I mean, tbat lio bas not boon up to larks? You know, young men will bo young men." "I can assure you, sir, ho has boon most 'stonily-going,' as wo say. Personally, I havo not known him long, it' Is true; but his landlady is most emphatic on this point. Ho has ap peared to liavo no vices." "Indeed. I was rather afraid that— well — that lie might rather bo the other way 'Inclined. You see — well — ho broke with Ills old associates en tirely." "I know llltlo or nothing about Ills past life," John answered. "We discovered, of course, that ho was a man of education and rellncmont, and concluded that ho had seen bettor days." "His mother makes him out to bo a sad dog," (h,o Major Bald, becoming communicative. "But must say I am Inclined to sido with the lad. Of course, I believe In religion, and all that; and 1 have always been, and liopo I always shall be, i flrin upholder of Church , and Statu, but my Bister goes beyond mo.' She's too religious by. half. She is, by Jove! She's filled her house with praying mountebanks; and, hang It, I fear sho's spent nearly nil her money In propagating religious fads. I say this to you, for you are' a friend of tho lad's." T nover heard him allude to Ills mother," John answered. "Irnleed, he carefu-lly avoided talking about ills past life." 'That was .considerate of him. Yes, I like liim nil the better for that. You see, ho was intended for the Church, and flung It up at the last mo- monO— said ho could not swallow some of tho Articles, or something rto that effect. I've no sympathy with him In that. . Religion's a thing nono of us understand. We've just to talto It on trust— say no more about It. At least, that's my view. But, from what Ills mother tells me, ho just turned right- round and became an out-and- out infidol. It was terribly hard for h.or, as 5 on may judge. ' Silo folt compelled lo glvo him up; and that was hardest of all. But I blame her lit that. Blood's thicker than water— or ought to he. I-lcro she's been busy all the whllo trying to reclaim other folks, and lotting her own son go to the devir, or anywhere he likes. That doesn't seom to -mo like sound Scripture. But there! I'm a soldier, and don't protend-' to- un derstand these things. What do you thlnlc about "I'm quite of your way' of thinking," was the roply. "I've no patl.cnco with women who go out to reform tho world, and uoglect their own families In order to do so." "But my sister's a remarkable woman," said tho Major, quickly. "Moreover, she 'spent no end of money on tho education of tho boy. Besides that, tlicro was- a nlco living for him ready to baud. Ho had nothing to do but to walk In and hang up Ills hat, as wo say. And what did tho young fool do hut fling it all up, quarrel with Ills mother, and lenvo Ills homo In a liuff!" "But what of Ills father?" John asked. "Woll, you see, li.e held an appointment In. India, and saw very littlo of either of them, A good man, 111 his way, was Geoffrey Wyburn. God rest his soul." "Is lis dead?" "Died a year and a half ago — that broke down my Blstor a good deal. Sho hasn't' tho spirit she had. And, at bottom I know she's pining for tho lnd. That's why I came off hero In search of him.". "He's a young man that -his mother ought to bo proud of," John answored, warmly., "I admit ho does not appear to have much sympathy with religion and Its outward forms. But, In its best sense, I should say ho Is a deeply religious man." "Has ho.gono to church regularly?" ' ' Y "I thlnlc not. In fact, I am quite sure ho fought shy of all churches and chapels." "Then' I don't know how, In any seiiso, you can mako blip out religious," tlio Major answer ed, with a lnugli. "If a, man lias any religion, ho attends to It as a soldier does drill. I don't pro tend to -havo much religion myself. But, bang It, I do attend to what I have— that Is, when I ! bavo tho opportunity." Joli, ii Sugdon laughed heartily, but did not rnako any reply. ... "I soo you" don't ngreo with me," said tho Major. "But you will pardon mo speaking i plainly, I am sure. Now, my sister Is a pro- i foundly religious woman. Sho 1b, by Jove! It's ; liar hobby; and sho knows the whole thing from ! end to end. She's given her whole tlmo and at tention to It, and her. money to hoot." "Well?" John questioned, drily. "Well, she brought up tho lad to It, and then lio turns and kicks' over tlio eradlo tliat rocked him. If I may say so. 'You imist admit that It was terribly hard for her. I sympathise with my sister a good ileal. I do, and that's tho truth. On tlio other hand, I sympathise with Iho lad. It's posslblo to liavo too much of a good thing. My sister doses people with,, religion to such an extent that only -'./people with strong constitutions can stand It, mid that's a fact. Tho boy got, surfeited — that's tho long and short of It; and, between our selves, I don't wondor. So you see whoro I am. My , sister Is a great deal to mo. She's tlio only relative I havo loft, llut then, I like the hoy — whnt 1'vo seen of lilin; aud i want to got hlin hack homo." ', : "I do not wonder at that. My only regret Is you did not come a few days earlier." "Wo did not know more than the' man In tlio moon what part of tlio world he had got to." "All. just so. It was the paragraph announc ing his disappearance that gave you the cluo?" "Exactly. Hqt a olue, unfortunately, .that sceiiis likely to lend to nothing. He may bo on, his way to America by this tlmo." > . "I don't think so. A man would not ho likely to start for America with no money in his pocket, and not even a toothbrush in the shape of lug- fiagn." . . ' "Then, by Jove! where can bo bo?" "That's (ho question I've been asking myself these last three days," John answered.. "Hut, hang it, tbo earth cannot havo swallowed him up." "I presume not; and yet wo have searched every likely ami unlikely place. Wo have Insti tuted inquiries in all directions. Wo have para graphed all the papei'h with descriptions of his personal appearance. Wo have done everything la fact." "Bill I am not going lo believe the ease Is hope less yet," said the Major briskly. "I should be sorry to think so myself," John answered. "I keep hoping every minute that news will resell the olllee Hint he lias been dis covered safe and round." "The Major rose slowly from Ills chair and be gun to pull op ids gloves. "In ease you hear anything you will let mo know at once?" lie laid. "Most certainly we will." John answered. "I aw stuying at the Station Hotel," bo ex- plained. "1 trust we shrill soon get iiowh of tlio young deg. 1 nninl. apologise lor wasting so much of your time I Ills afternoon," and, bowing very profoundly, he withdrew. On tho stairs he nearly Cull over ono of tho "OliBcrver" staff, who was milking Ills way to tho editor's room, to report a rumor that had just begun to be whispered In the town. 11 vrns to tho effect thul some hoys passing Higgles Mi 1J earlier In the day had heaid strange groans and cries proceeding from it; that lliey had rushed home In a great fright mid told their mothers; that these good women had at once assumed that It was Mary Varlcy's ghost that had become restless again. Five and twenty years before a young man, mail with Jealousy, hud Hung Mary from tho top- storey window and killed her, since wlu-n, at Irregular Intervals, her ghost, haunted tho place, ,uud somctlmos mucin tlio night hideous with strange grouns and cries, Of late years, bowover, poor Mary's restless ghost appeared to liavo forsaken tlio placo, mid many of tlio young er generation had not oven heard her Btory. But tho talo which the boys brought, and about which lliey were mosL positive, laft no doubts Hi (lie minds of tlio superstitious mothers as to tlio origin of tho cries. Mary was sleeping uneasily still, though her murderer lind long since turned lo dust. Tills story at length reached the. onrs of ono of tlio reporters, and ho rushed off to his ohlof with tho nows. John Sugdon listened In silence till tho story was ended, then said: "Did you moet anyone on tho stairs when you came up?" "Yes, Tin elderly gentlemen with a long grey moustache.' ' "Run after him atid call him back, I-lo has gone to the Station I-Iotol." In a few minutes the Major was back in tho editor's room again, panting and breathless, John Sugden repealed the story he had heard In a few words. "Cries don't come Without throntB," said tho Major. "It may not bo Douglas, but somebody 1b there, unloBS the whole story Is a lioax." "I eonfoss I have not much faith In such child's tales," John said. "Probably tlio hoys heard nothing worse than the screech of au owl. But at present we cannot afford to neglect any clue." "Who knows the way?" said the Major; "I'm prepared to explore the old mill at once.' ' "I know the way," said Duncan, the reporter. "Very good; the three of us will go," said John. "But wo shall linvo to take lights with us, for It will bo dark before wo' get. there. ' ' Half an liour later, tlio three men bad stowed themselves into n cab, and wore driving rapidly through tho town in the direction of Dlggles Mill. , . (To be eontlnued.) 