A MASQUE OF MOODS. W. G. P. AU Art becomes autobiography-an lmpoisonal I history of moods I forgot not for a moment the I artist's so penetrative need to detach himsolfl wholly from tho present I know well it is his one to lead ono daintily forth from tho bubol of atcol and steam tho Babylon of myriad harshest voices, and out into hnshod, shadowy landa whero searlot and silver speech are dimly ¿lortous as through a haro of happy sounds I know well with how sedulous care ho must avoid tho touch of the modern-a modernity that supplant-) Turner by colour-photography and sculptures its statues in the morning dress of the period I know woll in tho eo dangerous accomplishing of his task-which is to please-ho mn-t delight e^ with the imexpeoted, shrouding the commonplace" with his imaginative medium as with a grey and unreal mist. TashioninK life anew, not us wc too well know it, but ni it might appear to one, Bay, from some quite other point of view whence it gains, it may bo, the onchontment of distance And yet I risk the old paradox, if indeed nura dox it be, that all art is autobiography Not, of course, a procès verbal , never by any chance a great cryptogram , and yet nono the le?B u journal intime, wherein one reads a record of momonts and emotions whollv complete because altogother unconsoious Of all human thinga youl true artiBt is least aolf-cntacnl Slip but a pen into his hand and presently you are at tho confessional of IUB inmost soul You shall recog tuso on the instant the exhilaration of spring in his blood , you shall watch his spirit shiver be- fore tho ohdl and bitter breath of winter, The moro ho becomes lost in art the more utterly biographic doos he grow IE ho be a more pseudo-artist, a painter of pictnros with plots, a mai or of novel« with a purpose, a player to whom sound is science, ho will indeed fail to re- veal himself But the moment tho craftsman seeks to oppress the thing he sees, just as he alone of all men sees it, that instant his objective world becomes a part of himself and his pourtrayal of it a very portrait So Heine—flitting smile upon the lips of some sardonic spirit of tho world— so Heine bares for us tho strange jungle of his soul, " where poisonous plants spring up with fairest flowers where tho hiss of tho serpent mingles with tho song of the nightingale " So Milton and Arnold look forth over that still vexed Bermoothes of tho beating mind, and voice again tho monotone of so infinite regret that tosses to and fro on tho fevered lips of the waves So Coleridge watched the broad and burning face of the sun peering as through a dungeon grate while tho dice of a conquering sense rattled Hope and Shame in the lap of Life-in-Death And so a greater than them all found thriving, just in his isolation of supremacy, most luxuriantly fatal, some paralysing ataxia bacilliis of tho brain Must it not be, then, that in this placing of literature in its actual environment of life lies the only real worth of criticism ? Must not tho critics be most sensitive of literary lovers, keen always for that half- articulate personal note possessed even by abstract things so that to Plato, for in- stance, temperance, justice, puruty, " really exist," and have attached to them a " subdued and grey-eyed loveliness " not wholly unakin to a certain more luxurious physical beauty There is something within the true critic that pulses synchronously with the mood of the creative artist his fine strung sense of values enabling him to play the divining-rod to so good purpose over hidden streams of intimate meaning. He will remember well the artist is revealing only by failing to conceal He knows full surely tho mere woof of tho poet-mind makes a Bacon-Shakespeare myth impossible. The shadowy recollections he is to pursue will be least of all like tho memo- randa of preeise persons; they will be wholly subtle and child-like vital and elusive ! To thus read autobiography into art is no doubt to enter a territary where angels fear to tread a hostile shore thick with shattered spars and drift of strangest shipwreck Well, we always find it easy to justify our irresistible temptations, do we not ? Should you be by chance a lover of the beau tifil, as painstaking as passionate, and find your- self wandering away with Benvenuto Cellini, or Michael Angelo, or Dante Gabriel Rossetti, one knows you will be guilty of no delightful indis- cretion The lives of those men lie open to you, a pedella to the picture, an apparatus criticus to the poem But should you find yourself face to face, say, with a supreme dramatic artist (such as our own Shakespeare), the tablets of whose memory amongst us were as white wax merely or some supreme lyrist, perhaps, of tho anthology, -supreme and yet tho single fragmout of a sculp- ture, torn it may be from an ancient tomb, long lost among tho tamarisks and pale sea grass ? Where now will be your caution that rivalled Ranke, your victorious analysis that outshone Voltaire ? Shall tho purple Lesbian sons be never more vocal ? Maleagor and Anacreon, Argen- tarais and Paul tbo Silent, are they to be for you mere shadowy shapes of Styx ? You will not have it so Rather will you hold those white early violets and daffodils with myrtle spray woven into a real garland for a " real sun-maiden " Nor will you bear in later days to make thumb-rule critics' sport of such splendid sonnet-songs as - So are you to my thoughts as food to life. Or that other Let not my love be called Idolatry, Nor my beloved as an idol show, Since all alike my songs and pretties be To one of one still such, and ever so No, rather with this same key Shakespeare unlocked his heart, and tho musician elsewhere playing for all humanity to hearken here " pipes a solitary tune of his own life, its devotion, its fervour, its prophetic exaltation, its passion, its despair, its exceeding bitterness " Here is a fair test at least for our theory of autobiographic values Else how little should we know of the foremost man of all literature ? We have a record of his baptism We know he married " in haste," still under twenty For seven years he disappears wholly from view, then we hear of him as a rising author We have, besides, a few stray references, a few stray legal records, that help 119 not a whit The rest is silence But if those plays and poems to which our age gives unreasoning and perhaps somewhat ignorant devotion should prove really a Masque of Moods ? If on that old isle of Prospero, a magic isle whereon shadow of sin transmutes to subtlest radiance, one might view a pageant of bitter and sweet emotion—tho poets own ? The curtain draws aside Here at our feet tho woods ring with laughter, and behind tho moon- light lies a faery world, fashioned wholly, it would seem, of shadow and silver; lit with grey ghosts of butterflies, strewn with cowslip kisses And out through the haze stretches a fantastic poet world woven twixt waking and forgetting Time and sense throw here no heavy burden of tho soul The bright conscienceless elves dance down tho shade with all the joyous abandon of youth, the so delightful insouciance of boyhood Here is a world to outrage common-sense, and yet how strangely convincing ? Perhaps it is this naive irresponsibility of spring makes one careless of the judgment of mankind ! On a sudden, glowing with meteor splendour, on a sudden swallowed by unfathomable gloom, comes Romeo What boy is this so instinct with passionate emotion ? This summer storm and sunshine, hot cheeks, and hand on sword—whose are they ? Whose this impetuous imagining in misfortune evil stars ; all ignorant as yet of that far deeper tragedy that lies within you ? And now the golden pomp of history pageants aoroSs the stage Whence this resurgent wave of patriotism, this hunger for conflict, this noble song of England's glory, that bursts on one so clear, so penetrative, so intimately personal ? Remomber that yonnger Shakespeare, " adventuresome, full of life, inspired with the fire of genius, elate with already won success " We catch an actual glimpse of him, say, here in Arden Tfor the Golden World passes into our masque, bringing with it some renaissance of quite Pagan abandon, wholly distinct from and yet curiously comple mentary to that age of heroes Fleet the time carelessly ! It is the old philosophy of epicurean youth But you note a tinge of half melancholy, a prescience of coming disillusion perhaps, and you remember the boisterous laughter of boyhood is often near to tears So here, below the domi- nant crimson and gold of healthful life, along with all the exaggerated euphuism of love and beauty, is a gay half seriousness—something in tho mood to make you fancy iceclad mountains near at hand And then is the century crosses tho threshold our masque suffers a sea change We look on a tempest-troubled sea, a land all snowdrift, the winter moon Who is this paces the platform before Elsinore, wrapped round with world weariness ? Tho air bites shrewdly The sounds of wassail float upward from the garish ball no longer to entice, only to surfeit. Omens, portents, prophecies of doom crowd around one, terrifying as a nurse's tale to a sick child All the gaiety, all the lightness of heart, is fled, and in their place has come this pale cast of thought The implicit poetic faith is gone, oh, so long ago ! There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so. A masqne of moods, indeed ! And here surely is tho Everlasting No of tho poet's emotional history. Was he not now nearly 40, passing through tho dark valley of humiliation, able to find no sanity or safety in action, drifting pas- sionately to the verge of moral nihilism ? But ft, decade spans this gulf from youth to age In so short space those sunlit floods of fancy transmute into this dark and heaving sea Endeavour, how futile ! Tailure, how central past all surgery ! The merndian of sensuous deed is followed by a twilight of tho mind wherein walk hand in hand twin sisters of decadence—scepticism and super- stition ! Wherein is no reconciling for reason and emotion, liberty and law. Ten yours ! Opening on tho sweet whiteness of tho lad Herbert ; closing over a " woman coloured ill !" Yet a last change in tho music of our masque Slowly after tho night of tempest comes a grey dawn, with sorrow white and burnished, and at length calm sunlight rippling on a smiling son The glitter of evil stars is supplanted in tho end by steady radiance ; one glimpse there comes of a light that never lay on land or sea—that beatific vision, it may be, of monastics ! The inno- cence of ignorance may never come again ; but here there is tho nobler innocence of wisdom In the air is sweet music, the unknown powers surround one, tender, caressing, no longer terrible, but benign ; till at the close tho "in- substantial pageant " fades ; thorough magic of the Master of the Masque is all o'erthrown ; his staff buried certain fathoms in tho earth We are such stuff As dreams are made on and our little life Is rounded with a sleep. Such are tho last words of the Master and the Masque ! Is this Art ? Is this autobiography 