PUBLISHED BP SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. Who Might Have Been a Duchess, B? MRS. H. H. PENROSE. COPYRIGHT. IIERE is nothing like an old school friendship. A bond j cxisls, or. should! exist, for over j between women who have opened their, hearts to each other j ns very young girls. I have always said so, and I proved my own theory by the delight I experienced •when I discovered that Adelaide Clarke was actually staying _ at Rowland Castle, where I had been Invited to spend a week. I had wot seen licr for twenty years—and then my son Arthur was five years old, and' Adelaide s little gin was still wearing the long robes of earl}' infancy. Now wc were both widows, Arthur was the owner of Holmwood, where I lived with him, nnd Adelaide's little hlora had passed through her second season in town. We had certainly corresponded at long intervals, but one can't be confidential on paper-at least 1 can't, for I never was much of a letter writer, and our lives had been so divergent that wc bad Uttlo in common to discuss so far as matters of general interest were concerned. ' . . . I had'remained more or less boned m the country iu the beautiful ancestral home to which my husband had brought measubnuc, and toy one thought in life was to watch over and guard the interests of my only son. Poor fellow I He had wot much idea ot guarding them himself. Adelaide, on the other hand, bad lived a crav life, devoted to society, with a big S, and to the prospects of her daughter. Mr. Clarke, late and lamented, moderately, had maue an immense fortune out of soap, or candles, or something equally useful, and -Mrs. Clarke naturally entertained high ambitions on . Flora's behalf. It was oa the ground of our maternal anxieties that I felt sure wc should meet most comfortably, and my expectation was a perfectly correct one. ,, . ., X had not talked for ten minutes to Adelaide before I observed in her manner the old weu known sigus that something lay on her mind which she louged to transfer to nunc; but \- she dissembled, and asked me to tell her about Arthur, us if she were really interested. And. although I knew she was not hah so to hear as she pretended to be, and that she was living to net on to her own topic, I was totally unablcto resist the maternal instinct • whicfi prompted inc to talk unrestrainedly and at full length on the subject of my son. I told her what a fine fellow he wju-tall. handsome, and sweet-natured, and how he had distinguished himself at Ox.ord, and then I paused, not because I had come to the end of.what I had to say, but because I felt n natural hesitation about throwing m qualifying clauses. I did not like to say, " He wall that, but at the same time he is a fool." Still, the desire to unburden my mind was strong upon me, and I cast reserve aside. "I have one great trouble about hi in, -I said Mand that arises from his visionary • nature! He lias taken up some extraordinary > socialistic ideas, and he won't hear of marry ing a lady—isn't it dreadful r" Adelaide's back stiffened with disapproval. "What sort of creature does he prefer." she inquired, with an unworthy attempt at sarcasm. "A barmaid? A ballet- dancerr ! "Yo;u quite mistake mo," I hastened to assure'.her. " He is not thiuking or any woman in particular. He simply says that he feels it incumbent on him to marry a daughter of the people—in order that lie may come to understand the people better, and be drawn closer to them. He wants to elevate the masses, or some nonsense of that sort, nnd be thinks that a wife chosen from among them-wouldholpUiin better thanulaciyuoula. "You used an excellent word just now, said Adelaide. "Ho certainly speaks very simply. Any low creature lie marries will think of nothing but her •own aggrandise ment ; she will be ashamed of her relations, and tear his eyes out if he insists on taking her among them." _ , , "That is exactly what I tell him, but he • attributes everything I say to prejudice aud • ignorance. Ah! If I had only been olessca with a daughter, as you are, Adelaide. 1 don't nieau to say that I would give up Arthur jor anyone or anything in the world; but if he bad been born a girl I might have been.a much happier woman." Adchtido smiled, as if from a superior height of experience. . "You don't know what you are talking akout," eke said. She was alwavs inclined to be brusque, but fortunately I do not mind that sort of. thing so long as people arc sympathetic lit bottom. "There isnoworrj on the face of this earth to be compared with the worry that a daughter can make when she puts her mind to it. Would you believe it? That -wretched girl, Flora, lias refused no less than ten offers since her eighteenth birthday. Poor titled men were among her victims, * I positively don't -know what is to become of her. She is possessed by an absurd notion that every man who asks her to marry him wants her money and not herself. The amount of personal devotion that girls expect nowadays is perfectly ridiculous. If :i man treats a woman properly and gives her full liberty, what more does she want? Can't she be satisfied to make a good bargain? If she has a chance of buying strawberry leaves, can't she buy them, and be thankful? Audi tell you, Flora actually has had such a ^chance. Isn't it heart breaking ?" Her eyes glistened angrily. It pained ine to see Adelaide growing so bard and worldly, but I mado no remark on that because brilliant idea had just occurred to me. " I should like to see Flora," I said. "Is she here with you ?" " Oh, yes, she is. And I think you'll ad mire her. I must say she's a wonderfully pretty girl, but obstinate. Good heavens I A mule is a trifle compared with her. If you have any talk with her, Agnes dear, do try to put some sense into her silly head. She doesn't pay the smallest attention to anything I say*. Perhaps she will listen to you." Just then Flora came into the library, where we were sitting; and when her mother told her who I was she greeted me with the utmost sweetness. I felt drawn towards the girl at once, and I couldn't help hoping that she would take rae into her confidence and give nie a chance of making the suggestion which burned in my mind. I took every opportunity of cultivating her acquaintance, and before we had known each other three days she told me all her troubles. Plainly, Adelaide did not understand the girl. Her one desire was that Flora should make a brilliant marriage, exchanging riches for high position; and she made no-more account of Flora's maiden yearnings and high ideals than I did of Arthur's deservedly despised, crack-brained theories. «• Riches have blighted mv life," the sweet girl said to me, with tears iu her eyes. They were lovely eyes, much finer than Adelaide's; but perhaps they had been inherited from the soup-boiling side of the family. "No ouo longs inore than I do for love and a more real home life titan I have ever known; but I am destined to miss the best things the world has to offer. I will never marry unless I can be sure that my husbuud loves me for myself alone ; and, with such a fortune as I am miserable enough to possess, how can I *r be sure of that ? Oh, Lady Trevor, you may well look sorry for me." I kissed her, ancl stroked her long, thin hands. She was a most ethereal- looking creature, more like a beautiful ghost than a living, warm-blooded woman. ' Indeed, she had fretted the flesh from her bones and the colour from her checks over her imaginary troubles. Why don't you go away somewhere, whero you arc not known ?" I suggested, "and pass for a while as a poor girl r i should think you would soon discover that there some disinterested men in the world." Mother would never hear of it," she said. " She could uot play at being poor even I for a week. She is a dear, but she does not | understand—and she cares more than I do for j wealth ami all that it means. It would hardly be fair to ask her to give it up even J for it short time—hut • in any case she wouldn't do it." "Come and star with me," I said. She turned suddenly and threw her arms round inc. "Oh, you dear! You darling !" she cried. "Will you really have me? And will you keep quite dark about the odious money ? Will you tell all your frisnds that I'm a beggar, and that you have mc staying with vou out of charity?" "1'ou may masquerade as my paid com panion if you like," I said, "and we must make a solemn promise to each other to keep our plan a dead secret." "Certainly," she agreed. "There's no need to tell mother.a word about it. Sho can go and spend Christmas at one of the big houses she delights in, and I shall come to you with astock of my oldest gowns. "Won't it be lovely ?" "That'sall right," I eaid; "and I. on my part, shan't give the very smallest hiufc even to Arthur." "Who is Arthur?" she asked, her face falling perceptibly. "Only my son. I thought you knew. He's fall of crazy ideas about socialism and things of that sort, but you must try to put up with him." "Hove crazy ideas," she said, fervently. "Eut you will truly promise not to let him into our secret?" . *.* I simply wouldn't do it tor anything," I assured her, and I saw that she was quite satisfied. Adelaide made no objection to letting her daughter spend Christmas with me, and when I left Newland Castle it was with Flora Clarke tucked safely under my wing. Arthur had been slumming or doing something equally impossible in. London, but he had promised to come, down to Holmwood the day after my return, and Flora and I hi sled ourselves giving the old place seasonable look to welcome him. We decorated the hall and the great staircase with holly and ivy;; and at last, when I was quite tired out, I went to lie down for half an hour, while | Flora returned to the staircase with an armful of mistletoe, intending to put bunches over some of the sjlemn-Iookiug family portraits. I checked myself on the point of telling her a story which, on second thoughts, I decided might make bcr feel nervous, ami so left her happily employed in the deepen ing shadows of the short winter afternoon. It was while I was resting in my own room that Arthur arrived ; and not finding mc in j the drawing-room, he ,too went to his room, and we did not meet until tea-tiine, when Flora and I were again together. v Ke burst, iii impetuously, then, asking where I baa j hidden myself, and quite overlooking the small figure at the other side of the fireplace. "Mother?" he cried. "Oh, mother, what do you think has happened to me? 1 have seen the Mistletoe Lady. I always believed in her, but I have seen her now. She was there to welcome me ; but she was kind, for she did not conic to meet mc ; she turned and glided away into the shadows. I did not see her face." " It is a happy augury," I said, and I hope I did not smile too llroadly. " But you haven't observed that we are not alone in the room. This is inr sou, Sir Arthur Trevor, Hiss Clarke." " Who is. the Mistletoe Lady ?" Miss Clarke inquired. " I am deeply interested." "She is our family ghost." Arthur ex plained, readily enough. " My great-great grandmother fell on that staircase when she was decorating it with mistletoe ior Christ mas. She died the same night, and ever; since she has haunted the fgaircasc. If an outsider sees her, it means nothing in par ticular, but if she appears to a member of the family—that is another matter." "Yes?" said Flora, looking as deeply in terested as she i>rofesscd herself to be. " What does it mean then r" "That is according to how she acts. If she advances to meet one, it means mis fortune;- if she turns away and vanishes immediately, it means that gojd things arc in store for the seer. She came to meet my irrandfather the evening before he was killed m the hunting field;"and she appeared to one of my uncles, and turned away from him, just before he met his future wife,^ with whom he has lived a long and happy life." "How did you know it was she when yon saw lier just now?": Flora asked; and I half feared that she meant to destroy his illusion, but she had no such intention. "ltwasva misty, indistinct figure," he said, with beautiful ingenuousness; "but I saw plainly enough that she was carrying mistletoe." • Flora did not pursue the .subject, ana as scon as we had had our tea, she left us alone together. " Who is your visitor ?" Arthur asked me at once. He had certainly heeu looking at her. " She is not exactly :i visitor," I said, with a carefully assumed affectation of careless ness. I always thought I might have done something on the stage, and Arthur was charmingly unsuspicious. "She's only a girl who is going to live with me as com panion for a time. A mere nobody, yon understand. Slie comes of quite low people." I did not feel that I was telling a lie in say iug this, because I had always considered that Adelaide had married beneath her. One is bound to consider caudlemen and soap boilers rather low people, even when they glorify their trade by making a great deal of money. Arthur came and sat by me. and took my hand. I knew I was in for a lecture. "Dearest mother," he said, "I can't tell you how it pains me to hear you using this wretched, conventional phraseology. Why should a girl be a nobody merely because she cau't tell who her grandfather was? And why should her people he called low if they were decent and respectable? Nothing is low hut evil. Nothing is h/gb hut good-, uess." I "Dear boy," I said, wearily, "don't make j me ill. I have no doubt that if your respected j grandmother—I mean your Trevor grand- j mother—were alive, she would allow you to j instruct her in the best method of extracting nourishment from eggs, but you really must not expect me to be equally meek. You can't j persuade me to consider Miss Clarke as oar i social equal, being, as shy is, merely a' daughter of the people," I knew that phrase ! would not be lost on him: "but so long as j she remains under my roof you may be sure : she shall be treated with as much courtesy and attention as if she were a princess." 41 That'* my dear, good mother," said the goose of a boy, with delightful patronage. "Your theories are all wrong, but your practice is invariably right. Hiss Clarke— isn't that her name?—is a very refined looking girl. I have ofteu tried to impress on you how little birth matters; but nodoubt yon will find this one striking example more convincing than twenty sermons." 44 No doubt at all," I agreed. "How long are yon going to stay with mo. Arthur?" 44 Well, I ought to run hack to town the day after to-morrow," he said, and hesitated with a certain guilty look. 44 After all, there are only ten days more before Christmas; I might as well cancel my engagements, and stay on. The chief thing is an address to a : working-men's clnb, and I know a fellow who will do that for me. Yes, I think I'll "That's right," I said. 441 like to see you remembering that you have to look after your mother as weli as to look after the masses. I have much faith in the proverb that tells us 4 Charity begins at home.' " Ho smiled indulgently, with a far-away j look in his eyes. He was thinking about ! that working men's club and the other fellow j who was to take his place. He certainly had , not the least idea that I could s-e even the; eighth of an inch into his real reason for deciding to remain at Holmwood. At dinner that night he talked a great deal to Flora, who came down looking perfectly lovely in a shcckiugly oH-farunoncd gown that* the must have had lying by for uearly two years: and when we separated for the night I felt not the smallest doubt that kindred spirits had met. A good deal of mild gaiety was going on in the neighbourhood, and as we received many invitations Flora ,had excellent opportunities for making her experiment. I insisted on her dressing properly, but I humoured her by letting the story go abroad that she was my j paid companion and desperately poor; and j the consequence was that, although several; men p.'iid her attention, they did it in an, entirely different way from that to which she bad been accustomed. " You see," she said tome, coming hick from a dance oue night, *• I was quite right. It was my money that counted, not myself. You do your very best to put me forward Lore among your friends, bat they don't want me. The women are civil just for your sake, but lean see that the}- regard you as an amiable lunatic because yon insist on taking your companion about, and it is culd civility —cold enough to let me understand that it would come down to freezing point if I were on my own hook, without you. The men are worse. They try to flirt with me, but not a bit like the men who wanted to marry me. There isirt one of them who wouldn't laugh at the idea of having serious intentions with regard to Lauv Trevor's companion." X tried to look concerned, and no doubt I nceeoded; but I was really very well satisfied that matters should be as they were. There was one with whom Flora could not "ail to contrast these people, who certainly were not making so much of her as she hud been accustomed to. Arthur had ifat come with us that night. He had a quantity of correspondence to" get through, and ashediduot care for dancing ho preferred to "devote the hours of the day to Flora, and the hours of the night to business. The friendship of these tnvtrren trie young persons was progressing at an j astonishing rate, and it seemed to me that be- ' fore they had spent a week under the same rcof thev had become necessary to each other's ' existence. So far as Arthur was concerned it was a clour case of love at first sight, and I • could not doubt that Flora was deeply touched bv the one instance in which it was quite plain that she was valued solely on her own merits. The two had much iu common, i Flora took a genuine interest in Arthur'? mad sehcmcsand theories, and acvcrtirel of hearing him talkabout the nias.-cs and all he wanted to do for them ; and, indeed, Arthur never tired of talking-. To put tlism at their ease, I used to sleep a great deal on the erenings wo spent at home, lying 0:1 my favourite sofa at the right ham. aide of the drawing-room fire, while they sat on low chairs on the left-band side, and for go: that there wits either another person or a clock in the room. ■ We were thus <li-po*:ed on Christmas Ere, and I .confess that I' snored a little—very softly, to give a:i air of realism to my repose. The shaded lamps were u long way off, and under cover of the flickering firelight I ven tured to raise my eyelids ever so slightly. * Arthur was holding Flora's hand. Ther^ wasn't a doubt of it. They were evidently going back on and rounding off some inter view that had taken place before dinner. "I wish Lady Trevor knew," said Flora. 44 Are you sure she won't be dreadfully vexed and disap2>oiatea ?" Either she was a fool herself or she had taken me for one. '• Of course she won't," Arthnr confidently assured Her. " I've never seen her take such a fiincy to a girl as she seems to have taken to you. She'll be simply delighted. We'll tell her to-morrow—give her the news as a Christmas bos, you know." Flora gave a long sigh. "At any rate," she said, "I hope yoa won't be disappointed in me." 44 3Iy dearest, it's quite the other way about," Arthnr babbled. 441 con't believe I've made the position half clear enough to you. To begin with, I'm an awful ass. I must be, because the mater Is always telling me so; and she knows me pretty intimately. And, to continue. I'm not at all a rich man for my position." 44 Then why don't you marry money she asked maliciously. 44 You could do with hundreds of thousands in your various philanthropic schemes. You're not a real socialist at all, you know; only a philan thropist, which is ever so much better." 441 could do with millions, for the matter of that," he sari. 44 But as for marrying for money—it has never occurred to me tod:, evil that good may come." 44 Well, now that we are engaged in poverty, I wish someone would leave me u big tbr.'une. Vou wouldn't object to that, I suppose ?" 44 Not in the least. But we can manage very well without it." 441 shouid like to tell you something, Arthur." 44 You needn't, darling. I know it." - 44 What Is it that you know r" There was a deadly fear in her voice. I knew that terror suddenly possessed her les: he should have heard of her fortune after all. I 44 You want to teil me some stuff about your : birth and your relations. But you need nor The mater told me all that I care to know the eveuinirl first met you. She told me that you were a daughter of the people, ana I am better pleased that it should be so." I though: I heard a smothered exclama tion. something like 44 Good heavens V from Flora, but I could not be sure. 44 In fact," Arthur went on, 44 it has for years been my fixed intention not to marry a woman of my own social standing, and although I always maintain that birth makes a very slight difference, I don't think I ever quite believed, until I knew you, that it makes none at all." I concluded that Flora must have been very much in love, or she woul-i have seen tlio humour of it and boxed his ears. As it was, she allowed him to play King Ccpbetua to his heart's content: and, well pleased as I w.is with the turn tilings had taken, I neverthe less felt so disgusted by that poor boy'? fatuous behaviour, that I was obligedto wake up ostentatiously and put an end to the scenes Probably shyness overcame the young people' next morning, for they told me nothing, and just as we were starting fur church"a telegram was handed to me. It ran: "Expect ma at twelve o'clock. | Adelaide Clarke." I I handed it without a word to Flora, and j when .-he had read it we stared blankly at | one aiiotter. Arthur stood by waiting for an | explanation. "3Itss Clarke's mother has just {deified ! her iutcation of running down to -co her this j morning," I told him. •' Consequently wo I can't go to church. IVe must star at homo I to receive her." | Somehow I fell sure that Adelaide had got; j a bee in her banner. It wasn't like her" to • come rushing down to a dull place like ours on Christmas Day. deserting doubtless, some i amusing house for the purpose. I knew that Flora had written more than, once, telling j heu that she was well and happy, and 1 j wondered what else she wanted. Of course, JI sc-ut to meet her at the station, and theaN j we all sat cosily in the library, and possessed I our souls in patience until she came. • « I rose to greet her with effusion, bat the first glance showed me the light of battle in j Her eves, and she barely acknowledged my : introduction of Arthur, or returned her f daughter's kiss. She chose a .-titf chair, and ; sat stiffly ou it. : "I have come here," she said, in a voice that was intended to he terrible, "for ex ! planations." She pronounced the last word very cm. ' phathvjllv. and almost snorted as she looked round the group of us. from one to the other. 1 "A mo.-t extraordinary story has reached im». Airr.cs Trewr." she went on, tho colour deepening in her face in a very unsightly manner. " "I hear that you are passing otf niv daughter down here as your • dame do eompamne/ and I should like to know what you mean by it." Arthur's face wa- wonderful. I could havo laughed aloud at it, hut u sense of propriety restrained me. "Itwh$rayowu wi»h,mnmnra," said Flora, stoutly/, t44 Lady Trevor has been more than • lcind to line. She has given rae the oppor tunity I have longed for ever 6ince I left the schoolroom—the opportunity of bung re ceived and judged on my own merits, with that hideous pile of gold left out of sight." * • Adelaidelaughcd disagreeably. " "I am prepared to hear that the experi ment lias been a failure," the said, "And may I ask why was not I informed of your intentions ?" "I was sure you would tell people," said. Flora candidly; " and the whole thing would ! have been spoilt if anyone had known except lady Trevor and myself." .' *» I presume you have made another excep tion— this gentleman? — I think someone called him Sir Arthur Trevor." No one had. But of course she knew perfectly. "On the contrary," said Flora, "the secret was guarded from him with especial care." 44 Indeed!" said Adeluidc. "Have I any one's word but yours for this 'astonishing fact?" . \ 44 Tou have my word,V said Arthur, " that I haven't the very faintest,idea what you and JJi>s Ciarfeo are talking about." .* 44 And mine," I said,- 44 if you care for She looked for a moment as if she were not qriite sure wh'ut to say next, and then hurst out with, 441A tuink both yon;-.'. Agnes, and my i daughter have taken a very great liberty1 with me." 44 Perhaps we have," I said, with a quiet- \ ness wliicu must have aggravated her con siderably. 44 If you think so, I can only beg your pardon. But you rau.it remember that i you asked me to exert my influence for I Flora's good, and I thought I could best do so by letting her see this very small corner of j the world from the point of view from which she desired to see it. I can't answer for the result of the experiment." "But I can," said Flora. 141 was .quite right, mamma. The general run'of people never valued me for myself,v it was only for my money. I have :proved it here; but I have met with llie greatest possible compensa tion. Thuvc fouud the one true heart in the world." . She laid her hand in Arthur's as she spoke, and Adelaide sprung to her feet, but failed to utter au articulate sound. ■ 44 He has a>ked ine to many him, believing me to be a pauper nobody," , said the girl .bravely, 44 and I think he is half sorry to find himself mistaken."' 1 44 HtAv long lmvc you known of this—this engagement r" Adelaide turned to me, her face changing its hue rapidly from red to white, and her , eyes burning like live coals; 441 am informed of.-it. now for the first time," I said, quite truthfully. Then I think she lo$t:nll control over her relf, and did not in the. least know what she was saying. At all cVfents, I wish to believe that she did "not knowjbfor I have always maintained that Adelaide was a well-bred woman, even though? she" did raarry.asoup man. . ;,v. She sank limply into her chair, covered her face with her hands, and sobbed: "The end of all.-my high hopes! A tuppenny-ha'penny baronet I And she might have been a duchess!" I heard Flora and Arthur talking later in the day on the great staircase. 44 After all," he said, 14 if it wasn't that yon wanted to tell me last night, what was it?" 441 wanted to lay a ghost," Flora an swered. 44 Shall I do it? Shall I tell you? It was I who was the Mistletoe Lady. I heard you coming up the stairs that evening. I guessed who it was, and I ran away with out waiting to look*round." . 44 Why did you run away?" Arthur asked, and there was something strange and new in the tone of his voice; it was the sound of an untried strength. 441 don't know," she said. 441 suppose it was because I didn't want to be caught posiug in the midst of all that mistletoe." I went immediately from my coign of vantage, and heard no more; hut it was not difficult to imagine what followed; aud I rested that Christmas night happy in the knowledge that Arthur had been saved from committing an unspeakable folly and making on irremediablo hash ol his prospects—all by the intervention of the.Mistletoe Lady. The decking of houses, shops, &c.;, at Christmas springs from a similar custom of the Romans, who kept their saturnalia in December. January was termed tho wolf njonth by the Saxons, nw during thin racnth*fusually the coldest of tho year) tho wolves grew especially daring and fcrodoua, Smmdrngon, which was formerly ono of Ihecmufof ChrJsmias games, hut whlih ha> recently been declining in popularity, is now eaid to be coming into fayour pgaiu^ ' 