BIJOtf. THEATRE. ' In. accordance with an ' 'ihvana'Die 'ruie. Mr. Alfred Dampier .-atjthe. Bijou Theatre . on Friday evening devoted a night of his. season to Shakespeare, appearing as the Prince of Denmark. jn the immortal tragedy "Hamlet." In the various plays of-a melo dramatic nature in which Air.' Dampier appears he is afforded ample scope for the display of 'his exceptional and versatile powers, but while giving in every instance: a convincing and .artistic impersonation of ■ the many characters he has: to portray he possesses an inherent desire tS"give"5-dixrsr to his greater artistiei sensibility;-by-'ap-' pearine in legitimate drama. Mr;. Dam pier's Hamlet is not new to Adelaide" au diences, his scholarly interpretation of the role having been familiarised by previous performances, and due recognition of its' power and intensity was eloquently shown by the crowded and enthusiastic^ audience which gave it welcome at the Bijou Thea tre on Friday night. From beginning to end Mr. Dampier ^thoroughly: identifies himself with the complex character, of the melancholy Dane, the pretended madness, the unquenchable love, and the desire to utter stern truths being admirably and un mistakably displayed. >Nor is wanting'the tender and sympathetic nature of Hamlet, the various soliloquies being delivered with the utmost feeling, and true elocutionary power. As of yore, Air. Dam-pier's Ham let proves him to be an actor of undoubted power and originality. Air. Dampier was." ' well supported by Miss Rose Dampier; -as Ophelia Miss- Katherihe Russell-as• the '. Queen, Mr. Johnson "Weir as Laertes, and Air. William Howard Smith as Horatio,, while Air. Edmund HoUoway as the ghost, and Air. George Buffer as the first grave-: : digger were excellent in characters' in which they have . been - seen ... on. many previous occasions. To-night ar return to modern drama . will be made," when Aliss Lily Dampier, after -a highly successful tour of London and the pro- . vinees, will make her reappearance in Aus tralia in the great English drama "Every day London." • Air. Alfred' Dampier will; appear in a.congenial role, and a.crowded" house may be confidently anticipated. : The programme for this e vening's. Con tie nen-tal concert at (the" Jubilee- Hihahibitiotf Gardens will consist of the following items t —Miss Nellie. O'-Sullivan will sing Jones's" song "The perfect lifer" and.-Adams's song "The Star of Bethlehem." Air. H. R. Holder will sing Adams's song "My life for. thee," Tosfi's ,.sqng~ "For ever- and fon ever," and".Schubert's- song /The wan-ir derer." Herr Hopf's orchestra, of 36 per-: formers, will play Bilse's "Parade March;" Keller's "Rackosy," overture,' Eilenberg'a Mill in the forest," Aletin's "Spanish se renade," Mozart's Two Minuettos, and: Wildeteufel's "Estudiantina" waltz, -i.-. : The variety company at the Trocadero attracted another large and highly appre ciative audience on Friday night, when the ' programme submitted for the delectation of the patrons of this pleasant resort . proved, as enjoyable as ever.---There is nq lack of diversity in the programme, rprovii ded by the management, song and dancd" specialties being. interspersed with aww ba'tic feats and amusing sketches, so t"hat the taste.of everyone is catered for. To, night^another .complete - change of pro rramiffe is promised. an-d anofcher large at. tendance may safely be predicted 