N e w s 1x1 Brief. 1 Volunteer social to-morrow night. Tenders wanted for cleaning land. Mechanics' library closed for stock-taking. Having purchased a first-class Tobacco Cutting Machine, smokers can rely on getting their Tobacco cut welt and blended at Kenny's next Post Office. The inquest on Mr. T. Fox, who suicided in Mr. T. M. Slatteiy's office while under mental-depression, showed him to have left a widow and large family. He possessed a large amount of property, but was uuder the delusion that baliffs would be placed in his house. JgT P. J. M'Cauley, Commission Agent. Temporary address—Cooma-st.' Yass, next door to Oddfellows' Hall. Germany has joined Holland in warning Krugcr that his policy will prove disastrous. For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, 1/6 and 2/6. No further steps can be taken in regard to federation until one other colony has decided to join, as it requires three, and at present only South Australia has taken the referendum, tSf Lost my ill-temper since I wore Mandelson's watertight boots, my dear! In the opinion of Sir George Turner, July i, 1900 will "see the accomplishment of Federation. igj"' Butter, eggs, bacon, cheese, honey, chaff, mai2e, potatoes, pumpkins, at Farmers' Agency. Mr. Chamberlain has cabled to Earl Beauchamp an expression of satisfaction of the British government at the result of the Federal vote. For Children's Hacking Cough take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure 1/6 and -2/6. The Premier states that the revenue is coming in satisfactorily; up to the 17th this month's revenue showed an increase of £94,000. To COONTHY CUSTOMERS.—If you cannot come into town, drop me a note, and I will send you samples andprices post free. D. Bracken, tailor, Yasa. During the past fortnight 30,000 acres of land on the Darling Downs (Q.) have been sold to New Zealand and Victorian purchasers. Mr. Jonathan Smith, of Balcatlierine :.lr Wentworth. died suddenly on referendum day—it is supposed from election excitement. JKa^" Farminglmplements procured, Insurances effected, I .and and Income Forms attended to by Mr. P. J. M'Cauley, Farmers' Agency, Cooma-st., Yass. It is stated that the English footballers disapprove of the Sunday picnics that have been arranged for them. The Daily Mail states that the British Government has practically decided to gradually send 40,000 troops to the Cape, 13,000 of these being from India. Kor Children's Hacking Cough lake Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, 1 '6 and 2.6. The House of Commons has decided to spend four millions sterling on military works. Out of the special vote passed by the House of Commons for military works 2j millions will be spent on barracks, and one million in defence works at harbours of refuge. Found about my house that the wife is always good-tempered since I bought Mandelson's boots. Visitors are flocking to Rennes in tens of thousands in order to witness the second trial ofCaptain Dreyfus. A serious outbreak of small-pox has occurred at Hull. Out of 61 cases reported, 13 proved fatal. BgU For Pipes, Tobacco, Cigars, Cigarettes, and all Smokers Requisites, go to Kenny's, next Post Office. Five i2,ooo-ton steamers are being built to the order of the White Star line for a monthly service between Liverpool and Austialia. The Australians' match against Oxford at Portsmouth ended in a win for the visit- ors by ten wickets. 8®* P.J. M'Cauley undertakes writing of letters, conducting land matters for farmers and others. Next Oddfellows' Hal). Victorian politicians are anxious that the final Federal steps should now be hurried on. It is suggested at Melbourne that Lord Beauchamp might be temporarily appointed Governor-General of the Federation. car For Birthday or Condolence Cards go to Kenny's, next to post office. It is now apparent that the colony of West Australia does not intend to join in the Federation. Native ttoops from the Congo district are to be drafted by the British govern ment to the Bahr-el-Gliazai district. JS?" Bring your hides and sheep skins, &c.;, to P. J. M'Cauley, who will give highest market value. At an international rifle meeting at The Hague, Switzerlaud was first, France second, and Great Britain seventh and last. The British press regards as satisfactory the agreement on the Samoan question arrived at by the High Commission. 11®, If you want a friend in the winter try Mandelson's hoots. A bo'dy of British marines has forced the Filipinos at Samar Island to release two English prisoners. The Melbourne Age, in an article deals with " the cool assumption that Sydney possesses the ghost of a preferential right to the Federal parliament." 8gU For all kinds of toys go to Kenny's next P.O. Mr. Reid's pretensions to the Federal Premiership are ridiculed by the Melbourne Age. In the west Australian parliament there are said to be 16 in favor of and 25 against the Federal Bill. teg- Bertie got ashore on Mud Island through wearing Mandelson's Boots. The chief justice (Sir Fred. Darlcy) has commented on the shocking prevalence of illegal operations in Sydney. At the water police court on Friday, Gilbert Probyn Smith was committed for trial charged with a criminal libel on John Norton, M.P, Julius Flatau, clerk, charged with being concerned in circulating a criminal libel on John Norton, has been committed for trial. If you want a first-class hair cut and shave go to Kenny's; two chairs ; no waiting; next Post Office. Shares in the Colonial Sugar Company have dropped heavily. The Cabinet met on Friday and decided not to make an appointment to the vacant attorney-generalship for a few days. It is probable the portfolios -of Cabinet, members will be re-arranged. The proposed Grenfell-Wyalong railway was further considered by the public works committee on Friday. S8P All classes of produce of primest sorts can be obtained from P. J. M'Cauley, Farmers' Agency. The Queensland government has issued a circular letter to civil servants warning them against any attempt to secure advantages by political influence. A publican of Windeyer, near Mudgee, has just taken out her 50th license, probably a record for the colony. For Scones, Fuddinga, Oakee, ladies, take good adyioe, . Use WauRb's Baking POH der ana baye them sice. 