CGurranf Moaftss. [By the Offis Boy.] ? , ?'?' This isshue I am enabled, through the v good offices of ? a frend of mine in the ?Lancers, ? to give the f urst of a series. -of i-anillitaryartikles, wich will be a true and ? ackunvte-.accbunt of the doings of the kon ? tingent from the time they went into katsip ? till thev cuiri back to sunnv New Sout 'Whales. Ilentthe kove a big diary andiho ?.?'-.?: prommissed to keep thereia a fatheful . ' -i ackounfrof evvery detale and post it to ane ?weakly. I I am just in receept^of the furst 'batch of stuff, and am now busy sub ? edditing it. I am glad to be in a posishun to put before our feeders these aakounts ? ? of kamp life, bekos we hav a lot of sab - ? scribers to our paper who hav rellatives iin . ? the kontingent, and they will be verry pleased to heer from time to time how the boys tare fareing. At the pressent time ? .i theyare seafaring. But to kotnmence. A A LANCER'S *DIAHY. ? 'Went into kamp at the Barrax diHis i. morning, after taking a hiving farewell -of '='. niy gurl. She wos real kut up, and wept a :. 'good deel, klasping her arm round my neck and resting her hed on my shoulder. My ,, _ote wos a bit staned, but that did not sygnify verry^ mutch, as we are all to get ??now klose. Wen I reported myself the staff offisers meshured me and gave me a number. They sed I wos heuceforth to be , . known as number — well, let that pass, sm ; ;I must not konseal my identity. Let as say I am Number 09. Number 99. Wot; ; a name to go to bed with. I. felt homo- : ? sick at once, and just like an orphen. I ? wos shown to a tent and told trtiab that wos .'..my^ quarters, i I put my boot trunk and. , portmantow in a korner and wos just; i settling down -to hav a smoke wen the; i bugle sounded. ' Wot's that?' ses L; ? ' Stable drill,' ses one of the Ikoves in our ; t tent, and off he went to the stable. ' I'll ' ~ -wate till the boss cums and tells me,' ses i !,? ' fof I am not used to this sort of thing. ., At. home we hav an old maa who keeps: i., any, horse cleen.' I had not long to wate before a swoshbuckler cums along and ses, ? 'Now then, rouse out and git to the :. stables and let's see wot sort of a pollish vyou.kan put on ,your mount. Un I went 'ito the stables and wos pointed out s an old gray moke. ' That's your neddy,' i-,ses the sargent. ! It mite well be called a ,-,neddy. I mite, say I wos the last of the -squbdi to arrive at the* stables, and I mite ha well: say that all fche uther jokers had ;. picked, their neddies and left mo one that had been rolling in the gutter. It was ' ' '.' originally a gray pcad, but through assosia ishunv with the gutter' it had becum ; tarnished. It wos about the most tarnish ,-ed steed I ewer beheld, and then, as I i lofokod at it with brush in hand — I had the . Iibrush'in hand,' .not the neddy— my sole ?went iout towards the home of my father, ;.andj I sighed for the old man who always ; .polished up,, my. steed. By the ghosts of ;-Napoleon .and Wellington, 1 did not knew wichc end to begin at. This wos stable . drillwith a.- vengonce. After I liacl been i&b; the-beast for about an hour I wos in a' ; lather, so: I, took .off, my high koller and ? spotted necktie and then pegged in at it .agane,- bub the more; I rubbed the worse -the neddy. Joaked. . At last I spotted a llliicketof witewosh in akorner and mynative genius at., once caught on. I soon had i that prad as,- white as the drivven snow. I iplastered .on .the witpwaosh like an artist, t'then ran him, round the paddock till he wos ?dry, , and :J.£,i. better milk-white steed you ' iDevversaw. : I, took him up to the sargent. jHe , looke&fit; the moke verry inquisitively and sed, “Pass, Number 99, but in fucher, vw-en-you go, to stable drill, take the pybald jhoise. You won't waste-so mutch wite* avos.h. fcsmsrt fellow, thausargent. Wents ibafejcito thoi'tent and put away tho high Ikojlei'.and ?.whita.Bhirt, as I at onco saw that; ithey wood not be wanted during the course* -flf imyimillitary ,traneing-. ?fiiit down an-J rthort *pf homo ,and mother. Wos not rthinking:long,before tho konfounded bugle Ib^gan to. took agane. 'VWofcis that ? ' sea TI. 'That's .fche revally,' ses Billy iEdwards, wwho f.is a bit of _ musishun. *' 'Wot dura that siggnify ? ' ses L ' Breck £ust,'.seshe. Irvaade.upmy mind not to fee !last; jit this drijll. I wos furst. j I arrived ab-tiie-rness tablet three paces in front of the rest ofiifche squofl, reddy to get my full points. J asked rf or poched eggs and toflta,;and:the'.sargen£ .filled .up a-tfinplato full iof ihoitiminy and passed it on to me. It lodked aumthing ,Jike;.a bran mash. I sat in fnunt.of it, vwhile my hart went out agane *o home. and -mtither. I thort tho cook had made a -.mistake and brought us' in the noddies'. bran. inasliinsted of our. own tucker, feat i\wos .in .error — not the eook. Billy Edwards -kamo, in all smiles, and -wen he wos handed hie dish-tff tucker hisfcee was a sbaddy. ?*'lGrate Skot,' ses he, ' hav we to, oat this?' Ncbody ses yea or neigh, so he ,toak at {for granted, and, .stifling his .efnoshuns, :Jie -splashed into it 3ike a soldjer. He got.alot of it all rountL' yhis face, and then he sent qp anuther wail. ?*'No servyettes,' :ses ;he. 'Wipe- it offi ?wjith the baek of yier 'and,1' ses Bunny! lIDirrison, and Hilly silently swept his hand! apkross his hon'ilice, »V,ile n large teer ?silqutly stole (torn his eye, i*ad .dropped Hiko.ti. rane-drop from a summer shower into ?.the njidst of his bran :uas/3h. -'''No servy ^ttes.'!' I think I kan yet heer ithtvt plaintiff iremauk. In my slumbers I beef it, mourn tful and piteous. ' No sevryettes !' I kan »bt ,do gustis to it. I will leeve it to the j)oit laureate: Wen I arose from that mesa table I was full— full of omoshun., not of K-r,eckfust. As I stole from the moss-room lheardtthe.«argent say to the cook, 'Put Number -99's breckfust away for him, and send him to ,tfoo army stirgeon for a tonick. A fue good tonicks, and ho will cum up smiling wen the rovally sounds.' Back to my tent. Thpus wo sat. Bunny Harrison went out and got Billy Edwards a whisp of grass, and smilingly gave it to him. ' Put it in yer poejkefc, BiJJy, it will cum in handy jfor a servyotto !' So also handod him a pekal bottlo full of water, saying itmito oum W for a finger bowl. Billy did not seo the joke, but sat there humming a waltz, and tlup'kfng of tho. monny chicken bones ho had p^ked at the menny banquets he had. #We»da!J during ]ast dancing »eason. Tho stern voyce cif the sargent, calling out ' Number 99- 1' awoke me from my ravvery, and I wos inarched off to tho Jirmy surgeon for nny tonnick, to get me in proper nick for that bran 'mash wen tho next revally should sound. Gliid to say the tonnick has had the desired effect. Felt ravenous an hour after, and ate nil the leg gings and straps I cood find in the next tent. Konsequonce : Large order -h«s-since been sent to Saddler-Sargint Marsden for another lot of leggings and straps. Kaptjing Fisher attributes the loss to the nits. The ?bugle sounds agane for lance and sord'CK ?ercise. I felt fit as a fiddle, and exekutod ?the kuts in a masterly style. Took a-sliae ?off a joker's ear. The kapting shiftedMshe men a safe distance from me after that. It was very dangerous to come near -me at lance exercise, so they, put me in aijittle paddock by myself,- and the -sargint dialled me as he stood the other side ofr the ?'fence. I am sitting in my tent, waiting 'for the revally to sound agane^and I thidk I will be fit for the tucker 'that wos put -by for nie. Nuthing like hard work and-tonnicks to make a man chum up ib his vittals. I will let you know how I get ou imniy next.' — Yours valiantly. ? -NUMBER 99. ? 