SiRAH BERNHARDT. REPLIE8 TO THE CRITICISMS OF HER HAMLET. Mme. Barah Bernhardt writes to ths Daily Telegraph—inFrenoh—in reply •So criticisms on hsr Hamlet. 'I am reproached with being too sprightly, too' mannish.' It would appear.that in England one must present Hamlet as a mslanoholy professor of Witlsnbsrg, but I assume—because Shakespeare himself says so—that Ham let was a ' student' of Wittenberg. * It is said that I do not play the tradition. Bat where iB ths tradition ? Eaoh ,actor has his own. I to reproaohed for haring moulded my role aooording to the sixteenth century, Quite so I The time of' Hamlet is nndoubUdly the eleventh century, if the ferooity of ths plsy is considered; bat its philosophy is maoh mors recent, and the train of thought is that' of a man lesBssrage and more polished. Then, again, Shskespsare speaks of cannons, of salvos of artillery, and uses a thousand other technical words whioh are of the sixteenth oentury and not of the elerenth. I am reproaohsd with not bung sufficiently astonished, not sufficiently dumbfounded, when I see the ghost. But Hamlet comes expressly to see it; hs awaits it, and utters these words, 'I will speak to it, though hell itself should gape and bid me hold my peace.' These are not the words of a wmk or languid person. When ths ghost wants to take lim adds, he draws his sword against his friends, and threatens to kill them if they will not let him pass. That does not bespsak a feeble man. Sumo irish to see in Hamlet womanish, hesitating, fl'ghty mind. To ms be seems a manly, resolute, but thoughtful being. To oondnde, permit ms to say that Shakespeare, by his oolossal genius, belongs to tie universe, and that a Frenoh, a German, or a Russian brain baa the right to admire and to understand him.' Ur H'HinD, formerly Acting Government Besident of the Northern Territory, is now visiting Adelaldn, and 1s applying toe land In the Territory. He putpusss conducting gold t$a& fMtfnfc opwaUons,, and ths " tsiatrodiielagaBilltoaMMttfaa 