WAR AND BLOOD. /: A WORLDS CHALLENGE. rs'.. BILE BEA^S STAKD V-i~ UNRIVALLED THE ?'?'?-'?' WORLD OVER AS t :\ THE REMEDY OF THE AGE., THKV DO MOIIE THAN «,? ? y-v RELIEVE TEMPORARILY. THCT CURE FOR KEEPS. THE PROPKIBTORS . H1ALLKXGB ANY ON'E TO PBODIUJK AS GOOD A MEDICINE AT TEN TIMES TUB COST. oSonv people think thai it iV tui utter im possibility to produce a remedy, such a» Bile Beans, at 1/1) |-cr larcc box, and mme of our competitors claim (because we have takPn all tlieir huuncss mcarly) that nv good prcpantibn can be' sold ni such a very lo«* ))ricc. Xow, to prove that such a thing 'tsrpoSRible, we will first of nil draw the reader's attcnl inn to the millions upon mil tiftnjs of beans that are sold unjtuall.'.-. Docs ?it not seem vtranRe that .when such quan tities are snhl iliat Uic produehiir of the iu eredieiibt^thmt.-go to/.nwkc up Jthc success would not 'hc- chenjienedi and * chcapen'cil .until the oust of some would be almost in 'finitenimul? Bile Beans are composed of the best and most expensive herbs an.i drugs that'aro. obtainable, and experience bai prorod tliat they are a specific for all digestive ; ailments,- such u liver trouble, onnrtipatioa, headache, fulness after eating, ?WzzinrsK, heart bum.' buzzing in the head, piles, &c;, &c.; Debility, lack of physicaj tone, white and ' colourless faces, female troubles, '.sciitica, rbcumaUsm, gout, &c;, ;ftc^ jvillalso be cured by. thie great remedy that is revolutionizing' the science' medical of to-day. Bile Beans ire^sbld by'aO che mists :the world over. Used J-y tlie rich and potr alike. .-' ,.::.y ...'.' .fchould inform lion, mnnbers of it at tho very canitti possible opiiurtunity. 'lac iix-asuiiT uugut not to uiouk uv conceal a in uny imrticuiar. It wu» a inagninvcutt .trauVdUion, a laying trausj^'tiou. iHou. )V. Jl. HomiM-vtii— ' i ou can'i say that till il ;s linmlKfJ,' and Mr. S-oloinon — 'buppose It: lias to |my 5 per tviit.? ) lie would not. nave to i-uy a \wv ccul. it vu a good, nuan cut uaiisiiciion. IU' course, he could nob yjy tti;rt Uic circuinsluiitcit would remain ineciscly -is they were lo-tlay. lhey miglit L-lm'igc inv tltc worse, or they mighi cli.mpi lor ine Intter, and lie had as much reason lo any they would change for the ivtU-r as for Uic wur*.-, und be could therefore strike an avenge uiid uy they would not bu woise. (lion. W. Jj. Kounscvc-ll— 'Could the Treasui-.r gel money at 5\ )icr cent, to day?'') .\\..i the hlightcM. doubl alwut it. (Hon. \V. It. ltoun.-L-vcll-- 'Xol he.') Ilk non. friend was very doguialic, but Uill he had u inrl'tit ris^it to Hold the views bo did. He h.i.l looked inrcfully at the mal rcr. .and could houc^Uy say to the lloiiso -hut he believed it bad lieeu a magniiiivnb transaction on the part of Luc Tnasurcr. Hut in future, if the Treasurer did overstep h» riifht to go into tran«a--tionH nC this s^r» without power Irom (he Hui^e, nltliuuKli he (the *-|k'jI;it) woulil nut blame him for making a sotnl biiiyiiin for tiic country, lie would bliiinc him for not letting members kuow all about it at the earl'est possible oppor tunity. Further, it' the Treasurer was pre pared lo ret five Irn.st funds, or any funds whatever, he ought tu give the public notice of it, bo that other (icoplc might know as well as thort! who haunted tbc back rtairs of Ihe 'Jrciiriury. The Treasurer had uo rishs to make a single bargain with ono m.-innwr of the i-.miinnnily. He liad a rigiit io intimate th.it hewa.- }-rcparcd to iwcivt* money* from all up tn a certain amount, lie (Ine Kpeaker) trunted thut in future tin Inasiner »v-nil«l not* attempt to enter int,- lui-gjjns «f (his sort h.ivc under rxccption.il cirvunnitsMire*, and that Avhen he felt he waci iuntificil in takinis such a kU»p hi- wuu'il inf-omi thr- Iiou«c of il as noon -is possible. lit; (ihe giwakcr) would lwint out to Mr. (irainscr that it was impofwhb lor any Coinmitti-e in a single week at the fag *nd of the cession to get a proper grasp oi tae irho!-- linannal question and brin» sip i heir rcjrtrt. The thing could not fa .lone. Then was not the slightest neccscitv for any alinn in connection with thi* mal te?'- ^ *TJ;''lirer had strings to his bo«r whieli hp could us*. No doubt the Treasurer had put hiniidf into u tight corner. How could members expect anything cl«-. Ouly u few- minutes auo hon. member* were ask' m? the Tn\vnrcr-'What bnsinws had you to IJoat niat loan last year before you wamcl Jmt al)d a 1itllc latcr ot°cr* enquired— » hv do you put youredf in a tight cw net: .Surh argument* were mutually dif tructivc of each other. Tlie Treasurer bad done the riffhl thing in floating the l-wn last j-ear when b« did. He could not make it later wiihiiiit running greater rickf. Tiunifs nad cone worse rinee October, ana the 1 rttwurrr could wt ha\Tu forespen th.i(. TIms Tres surer conld not foreve that th-« -Vur in the Transvaal was going to laul *o lopjr nnd piwr no troublenomc a* \t had. \r'ih»r could Mr. Graintrrr have (nrvpaen it, Ivcauw that hon. member had said that the South AuslrHlian Contingent wonM not jtet (o .vjuth Africa before the war wo* ?}«?«'?, ''c «'ould oppose the motion, and ? ; i !nfKr. wo''™ 1-I* a«t''S wisely In «ithjjrawni(t il. He did not believe, after tne rreaRiirer's explanation, that any on.' wouH itnnk oiir finanrcs were in a bad way at all, and tailing such a feeling there w.n no ne.-oeity for the Committee whieh the nation wvieht to huvn appoints. ,,^r- SQLOMOX said that the remarks of Mr. Playford. coming from a gentleman o( long rxrerience in Pariiament, of nearly equally lonir experience as Treasurer of tliu colony and financial atjrnt in England, thoroughly and completely iaftiticd every word which w (the speaker) had uttered iii calling intention to tbe peculiar financial ? rajimofioi'x wliich had lately been (join^ on in tin- Trnwurj'. In the most frirn.;iy ►jir.nt, and M-riving all he knwv to lot ihr Trc.iwi -r «l«-ini us vut&y; a« noi^ihlr. Mr. T'lavfiv.-l liad to admit tlut to his kno»v Jpfls^ nrithor in An«tr»liu nor anywhere elscli.-td lran*iclions of th;it kind ever Iwen mrnnited. He (the spoikpr) acreed wilh ^.lr. Playfcrd t'lat the Treasurer «houl.l have nrulo a i-lran stfltcmont regard in-? nil Iliot;- fnn'lrt wbittS wxtp not (runt funds as tJie fiiar 4ie wid iliat he had wld £000,000 wortJi or b(»nds locallv of which the Ifou*; prrrioiiolv kne»r noLiiintr. P.ut thr Tre.i Mirer' did not then «ay thai in addition to the C-.Hj.tini) he hml aly« borrnwni. in Mima rjiijinc fn«'i iM.000 unit riO.000 uDwni.l,, flu nm. ::in* M wren X'200.000 and X'3nO.(KXl. lle'keMt Parliament ab-mlut ';?!-- in tho dark ovrr l.iiil ini|M)iiJint qucittinn. Tlie llou-o had no control over thi» lin:mcM of thn ??oloii'y bci'Ji»c lio was jtbving with tlieni in llut way. V.'hen be found tliose faets o.ut he' maintained— and lie wa*t «upporlrd by what Mr. Playford 3uil mid— that lifl wits coirjtli-tely justiiiml in *nyinc tlwl llm *ystcsi w;w utterly wrong, ntl«rly rotten, a eit I utterly dangerous to tlit* cximiiiunity. Whal the Treaiurcr lokl (Item wu?:— *'?-lr. (ir.iinci-r «-antod to iu-k u question which might explain the whole thing. Had the Treasurer obtained in iiny wuy any money ^incc the loan was* (loaird in Lon don? The Treasurer said tliat thev iuul from day to day us oppni-. tunity uflevctl l«en selling «t-uk for tiie |:ast eiirlit^n nioiiths or tw«i yc;iM...JIr. (jniineer wanted to know how nnic'.i. .i)-pn)\imntFly, lmd been obtainrd in that way. The Treasurer sai.l tlir amount wai -omewbere between £250,0011 and £200,000.' Thai was true, but il wnd not the whole trttiJi. He did not say tliat he -bad obtained I'200.0n0 by tho question able :nc.uis to which he had ciilled atten tion., lie went further than Mr. PlayTord in the matter, who said that if a Treasurer had to resort to ibat daw of financing in ilie future he should tell the llouif, and make :- i-lean brrafl nf it. lie would my thai .uic House f'nould rtri»t sucb a pr.. tecding. (Tlie Treasurer— 'I oould liavu gonejto tbe Banks and got an overdraft, nnil nothing would have been raid about it.') That would -have been better than borrow at one. two. or ihrn* month*, wml bcinfi linMe for ever £.100,1100, which could bu adled up within the next three months. Then with the price in London, and -lis- count.* at 0 per cent., if he went to the Rank* in order to fulfil throe engagements ho ? would lie at the inrrcy of thr liankii -is to Uie interest be wou1-l luvp to )-ay. It was M'cll to wail until tliofic tranncUon.s wtrc complete be fore talking of Uie saving of J or i ikt cent. Iwini; a grand thing for tho colony. Thrra w;is a coiistinitional method of getting the money, and tiic House should re.-i5t. surh transactions of a highly -iiKntionablc charac ter on the part of the Treasurer. Mr. DAKLFNtJ was surprised at w»mo rxnoricitcrd liiLinciors of tiic colony ron bidcring that the tranKJctions of the Trui surtT nod been cxrecdingly magnificent mid rreditabli' st% saving money for f^outU Australia. If he intended to criticise il w-is not in a party spirit. He was patriotic lo Houth Australia, und w- far as the colony waA concerned she wan in a -healthy finan cial position, and no fear of iu. ctabiiity need enter into the minds of the people. The matter under dixctMsion was serious, and he hoped all members would put osidu all party feeling, and look at il from a national point of view. If they had one duly to tiieir constituent* il was to sifo giKU-d tbc iinuncus of the colony. They ought to know that the ads of the Bxc cmive were b«inc clone in xiich u manner that not the sliphtest suspicion would at tach to them. Like Mr. Playford. when he came to the item 'tniist funds,' he was under the impression that they were funds that had been authorized by Act of Par liament, which the Treasurer, having that authority, had a perfect right to rwcivn. He did iiot euppopc for a moment that they were iwing deluded by misrepresentation or a declaration of siilliiicnt of Ihe truth to be . mi«Iiw!ing— -uid ol all statements thn-, wrf^tcn times ?v,-or»e than a direct no when it phou'id be yc*. He fe'l. .ii- one of Uic re nrcfcntativcs of the people, that he lud |-cen t-crioimly tnixlcil in one of the most important things with which they had tn liwl. He never dreamt that clandcnlinfly the Treasurer was receiving money on de posit bearing interest at 3 per cent, per annum from one or two favoured indivi duals. If the Treasurer wanted money in. that way, if it was the policy of the Govern ment to do it, ihen, ax Mr. Playford said, they chonld liave nude it known to the public lhat they had o|»cned a deposit Dank iii the name of the TrcaMircr with Pariia mentarj' nulborily to receive money from the iieopjc of -Soitth Australia on deptwil. He v'c-ulid have hud half a million in a week's time if he bad wanted it. Whoever :cird tliat »Sonth Australiii hud been tight for money during t-lio Ja»l six years!1 It wa« .all rubbish that they had parsed through critical times. lVr^ons who made tueli stalcnicuu did not know anyihin;; about it. Ak a commercial man he could say that if there hu\ brcii any tightness iu the, ninuey market the commercial men would bave felt it sooner tbau any one. Tbo system of ' unsneing they had been iuUodu ced to was the most rotten he had ever heard of. There was a Bank agreement, which wu supposed to be respected, but which the Treasurer had cancelled in Janu ary, 1R09, and in March, 1S08, he received rom Sir Thomas Elder and Mr. R. Barr Smith the sum of £10,000. In 1S99 he re ceived £126,000, and at various other dates he received considerable sums, from £800 upwards, without the general public hav ing the' least idea that there was such an opportunity of putting their spare money where they could get interest. If they re erred to the newspapers they would «ce that -the firm of Elder, Smith. & Co. were receiving money at 30 day*' aight. and *]? lowing 2 per cent, per annum, and they were getting plenty of money. No doubt they got the money, lmudi-d ic over to the Ireisurcr. and i-arned I |-cr tent, on it. li the Treasurer hud nude it known that he iva? receiving money be could have under* taken us a commercial ».t.m \o have obtain ed iu itiree days a quarter of a million ou ihe term* and condition.- he trj* dealing in clandestinely. I'l he Treasurer— 'You know perfectly well it was the Elder. Trust lima*.'; He knew nothing of the sort, i'l'hc Treasurer— 'll was.') 'Elder Si.uue J-'und. *'!-0-i,' was that the TruH Fund? (The Treasurer — 'The advances made by Klder, Smith, and Co. were ull from Sir '1 homo* Elder's .Trust fund. '1'hc money w;u alt in London, and. we tuck ii ou exenange there.') lie doubt ed u 11 wiu euch a good bargain as the Treasurer »»iid. The Treasurer had no_ authority from the House or by Act or i'arliaraent to go and borrow that money in iliat way. lihe Treasurer—'! have the auiuonty to sec overdruiu.'') An overdnut was not a deiKfeil of a I rust fund. Yet the Treasurer represented to the Uouae that I lie money was on de|K»it tor trus;. funds. I'.ie Treasurer slid that the (the speaker) \v.i» one of those who advocated the Bank agreement heinu cancelled. He advocated :;.c cancellation of the oM agreement ciuhttea months a$o, as the exchanges^ pro vided for were tj tins disadvantage of the riiJuny. but h.- d;d so with a view to enter ing into a new agreement ou better term*, noi to trusting to Providence and an open market --'^ to what God would brin£ them. .No good arrangement hud been nhide. lie financing had Oecn exceedingly bad. ^as Mr. Piiiyford aware Chat at the beginning if last year the Treasurer agreed to pay the Bonk of Adelaide 5 percavt. per annum lor an overdraft; The acuteness of the posi tion was quite as great to-day as it. was then, and if the Treasurer now, after cum lic:ing with, the Banks for deposits, was bo :-?! to them for accommodation he did not think uae Banks would be disposed to knd a helping hand, but would regard it as a -:em business transaction, 'line position i\\-L-i thit the Treasurer was not giving tie House on opportunity to check his cxpendi tiuv.. \\\ heu public works were asked for it was also understood that they found pro vi-:.-.i, tor the payment of the works by pacing a Loan BilL In that Loan Bill the i treasurer then -had his authority, at his discretion, to enter the money market to provide lie necessary funds. (Mr. Grainger— He advertise* his authority.' Undoubtedly. He thought that a strong case hod been made out against the Treasurer in view of the disclosures that had been made during the past two day:. The Hon. T. Flayforu hud said, 'Who can go through oar li nances in a week?'' and he agreed with him, but if all that matter could be found ou: in two or three days' investigation lie ?would like to know what they would ∋ in,' say, 'Thirty days.*' It was in the tinanees that they built their confidence, lie had no confidence whatever after the experience he hid had, and after what he had Men ?'(' the management of the Treasury under the present Treasurer. If hon. members were satisfied, then he, for one, wished to let the people know that he kid no confi dence, and he wanted to protest against tiie unbusinesslike manner in which th- .ifiairs of South AoFtrjiLi were conducted by the Treasurer. (Mr. Brooker— 'He has ?Lone away with the middleman.') What? Well, that was too funny. A short time ;'.go they had to go to the London market :.j float' a large loan. They had heard a {treat deal i'r»m the opposite side of the liouie about doing away with the midcHe roan. and yet what did they find? The Treasurer, they were told, had run himself -o closely to a dangerous position that be hail to feck aid. To whom did ic go? It v.-.i- to the middleman, who p-i 1 per cent, for floating the loan. That was doing away with the middleman'. (Mr. Solomon— 'And then sought help from Kkier, Smith, ;ilk! Co.— Democrats!') Yes, middlemen ?-f middlemen. He would guarantee that re would have got a :} per cent, better terms than the Treasurer had got, ami -that was en private firms' besiines*. iThe Treasurer —'You would rot.'') Let the Treasurer vroduce hi- figure*, and lie would produce his. A* far as exchange was concerned he knew .omethinc about it, and he also knew .-aajcrhing of the way in which the ex iJungcs of South Australia were ^vo^ked. Tue transactions had beeu nothing like so advantageous as the Hon. T. rlayford thought.' He supposed the Treasurer was utvore to-day that the exchanges bad takeu a complete ?somersault compared uitii v&at; ruled four months ago? 'Ibe position was -uch that with all his remittances the Trea surer could at the present time command :he position— he could almost dictate his »w-n terms. Tf all the Treasurers of the Australia; (&!oni«js would only put their K-uds w«e±er they would be able !?? -ui:iireihc-.v.ml-ica:i-inut Banks, and save the produt-.i- and tlie people of the colony .i sreat deal. (.The Treasurer— 'My iurtion hib broken. u:- tae rin^ in Banks.'') It was ciiildis'h lo rr-cak like tkat,a and it only sliowed the TriAcHirer's ignorance «-f ' what he wan talking about. Th« Banks vrerc stronger toslay than the- Lad ever been. If the Treasurer had broken up the ring of ibo Brinks .how was il that during the Iwt four months the fonks tad raised exchanges from i per i-ent. discount to LJ, premium? \\. here was the breaking up? It was ail very well to say thai and mis-lead member* who did not make a Htudy of it. It was his business, and he was at it every day and had been ior the past thirty year*. He knew that the Banks were far more indifferent con cerning, the business o£ the Treasurer and of South Australia than the Treasurer could a fiord to be with them, their emissaries^ or their financial middlemen in London, fhe Treasurer had an exceedingly strong card if be only knew how to play it. Before tne commencement of the wool reason the Bank rin^ existed, and for CO days' drafts the hanks were willing to negotiate at \ per Leal, premium. The wool season had come, and they were now asking l\ per cent. It ?iv ,i- all in favour of iKc Hanks as against the producer and the interests of the Aus tralian Colonies (Mr. Solomon— 'They got 5s. discount for CO days.') Did he under «iand the Treasurer to pay that, or was it premium? fMr. Solomon— 'Firoshillings pre mium.') He did not know the amount of the remittance, nor anything of the circum stance*, but they ought to nave got I per cent, discount. The Ranks by way of ex change bought i.W.OOu of bills at 11 per irnt. discount, and they were exceedingly ?^ljjd :o make 1 per cent, above their bar ;nin. If the Treasurer was going to resort in private trading and contracts as disclo sed, then the South Australian Treasurer «iu?h- certainly to be able to do as well .is the banker. He would require to have .i somewhat similar knowledge to what the banker had, and he doubted very much whether the Treasurer had this. He felt that the precedent .*ct by ttie Treasurer was an extremely bad one. and they would have ii, be careful, for they might ac any time encounter an acute money market. Wiat had caused the Bank of England rate to ;o up to 6 pet i:ent.? It was not tuc lioer v.-.ir. but the disturbing el.-mcntj in tnc Continental and American markets. He hoped that there would not be a repetition -?;' the deceit that bad been practised. The Hon. T.- l'layford, ahhonph he bad befrien ded the Treasurer, had most distinctly and plainly said that the balance-sheet presen ted by the Tre!L«urer was a document in tended to mislead. Flo lu-l to admit that he had been rolled. What would any mem l-er with any knowledge of finance say to nu overdraft of Xl.iO.OiJO from the I'trion \\\v\\\; being tct down a* tnta fund *e pr^it; It should h:ivc been shown cither a.- trodilor to the extent of £150,000 or .-oir.cthinz el:*-, but cer.ainly not as trust ?money. 'Hew a matter of deposit could time in he cnuid not understand on those terms. Hv to.ik it that the Hank did not M.-ek :h» Treasurer to take that .'JloO.OflO, Im: that the Treasurer approached the Kink and asked them for accommodation to the extent of £1.10,001). (The Treasurer— -You siy th;it becaa-e you vrera not here when I spoke. What I said was that they ?ilTerpii me the exchange and 1 took it.') Thai w;ui rem.irkably rich. That wa* kite llyini. It amounuM t» this— 'In anticipa tion ?-: exchanges that require to be met in I.ondnn I want you to pvc me C150.0U0, you relyini; on my integrity and the stand ing of :he colony to pay it l-ack!' It tb.it was not kite-rl.ring — - {.The Trea-urer— 'You arc mistaken again/' I Well, it was fr^m the statements made by the Treasurer am! the Hun. T. Pbvfurd that \u- drew his toaoiujiion-. iTha rrca*urcr— 'f received cxch;inge for London, to be paid tor three month.-, after, and I remitted it to Ls-iuinn and it was paid three months after.') V.'ell. be understood that the Treasurer pot from the Bank a draft of the value of £150,CJ0, which 'was repaid in three months' time, lie did nnt siy it was gold, but an aiSrani.-e fif C1.tT',O0O from tlie Union Bank. Now the Treasurer was quibbling. Wlictber it was a niaXier of i^ald or a paper advance cr,ui valont thereto, the fart remained thai the Trrii.-urer bid obtained from the Bank CU-NOM. to be repaid in three momiis' time, and then the ilou.se was asked to ac ? opt tin- statement that it -vas tnist funds. '\V:i* there ever more 3wcit practised on any Ivxly of men than that whi'h the TVea Mjrrr had been guilty of in this matter? Tl.er did not know liow much further it wifrht po. If it wa» not towards tiie close of Uic -«sinon. he, for one, would strongly pr?.-s Mr. (Irainser to go for a Select Com' mittee. md if the House decidetl that : Cornraittfe should not be appointed the; cncld take the responsibility before the country. If they kept the Treasurer in bi- po«ittcn they could stand the consequence; with the people. On Anenst 3, in ansnrei to Mr. Grainier, the Treasurer eaid:— 'The total amount of deposits held by bin ini £117.101 8a. 5i Of this, none was ab Hjlutely at call, but the PubKc Trustee and Supreme Court balances were to a small ex tent subject to daily drawings of small sums without notice.' That led tnem to suppose that tlh\v need have no concern about the reiuaiuder of the deposits. That was on Ausnist 3. Tnc» advances from the Union ilink were obtained on July 3 and 9, and were then, current, and had to be paid back at thirty days' notice, three months at 3 |icr cent., after November i», for a tix-xl t«riud at & per otnU to be repaid as follow*:— £30,000 on January 9, 11)00; i^O,0U) on February 0, 1900; and .£50,000 on .March 9, 1-000, all of wnich was sf.ll due to the Uniou Bank. Knowing the pow.^ of the Treasurer uuder tlie 4a»t Loau Bill, he could go oa borrowing very cuusi derably. and it they counlenam-cd these methods ct fimuitc there was uothing in the world to prevent fcim from obtaining an overdraft of a million. They would v.akc lip to the fact that in adidl:on to the lixiu approved by Parliament thcro would l« a latge unuxpectefl liability for money unlawfully raised. There were no constitutional rights to raise it, and he did not know whether the bankers had de lnnndcd any security or not. The Trea surer ha.l said that a large concent like this should he conducted on commercial and business line?', but he iiod no hesitation hi saying that this rule was observed more in rlic hitach than in the keeping. One of the fund'Uncnta! conditions ot finance, ho kid always b«n taught, was ta keep your rcser\\-es strong and ready lor any cukt geccy that migbt occur, and not wait until the money was actually required, and then at all costs hare to get it. That was the weakest tinaurc anybody could jKissibly have. Prom what little he knew of the six years' Treasurerchip of Mr. Holder, it was apparent that he had gone on the lines of s Miaiwhfr, waiting for something to turn up, and never studying the fundamental principle of finance — the reserves. (The Commissions r «if Crown lunds— 'He Ins come out of it all right.') 'Trust in. Providence, and keep rour powder dry'- was a* crand saying, but Providence alwavu helped those who helped themselves. He was sorry that it was necessary for the matter to be debated, hut he mu.-t commend Mr. Solomon for the diligence he had displayed durfct? his short reign. He fek very grateful to him, and if be did' . nothing more during ins term of ofRce than obtain the in formation to make the disclosures be had that day regarding what bud occurred in tie Treasury Department, toe was entitled to the gratitude and. . well . wishc* of the colony. He would be sorry, indeed if jhe occupied the positron of the Treasurer with the finances in the state they were in to day. The transactions tiad been most un businesslike and unwarranted, and the Treasurer was sailing along and leariug the colony very much at the mercy of the finan ciers. As to the- resolution, he did not think that justice could be done in the matter during the few days tbat remained before the dose of the session. It would require fall and careful euquiry to reach all the ramifications of the subject, and he suggest ed that it, would be as well to withdraw the motion for the present, and if they were no: satisfied when the House met later he for one would be only too Jiappy to sup port the appointment cf a Committee as was now asked. At present tlie best inte rests of the country would bs served by not pressing tue motion. Mr. UURGOYXE said the liuancial authorities had had a field day, and the other members had had to ait a: the feet of Gamaliel and. learn. Th'erc..wa.« an old say ins, 'When doctors differ who shall de cide!' and that came with immense force to tiaem on the prcsen' occasion. He re gretted the action of the Premier in tak ing the motion as one of no confidence. It appeared to him that, however we'l the Premier might have managed the finances, he at any rate had fallen into tbe error of making u mystery of wha-; he had been doing instead of bringing it before the House as a servant of the country in the w-jy iie should have done. To say that he would resign if it was decided to appoint a Committee of Enquiry was likely to have a very bad etfcot upon the look of matters to 'these who were not well acquainted, with the portion of tfe country. It would seem strange indeed if a servant of an employer were to say he would resign if his books were to be looked into and audited. The impression would be that the examination would bring out something which tlie teller or casiiier did not want to be brought cut. It was a grent mistake to place die House in riie position of either having to dispense with the services of a Ministry whicii they believed was a'eood°-mc,'°or'leave things as they were and felt tKe'puprtc be in doubt as to whether the right thing or the wrong thing had been done. (Mr. Concybeer— *'Tne public are not much in doubt. ) He was . jiH quite bo sure as that. It was the nature of humanltv not; to take the best view of matters. If the financial system was a faulty one, -the sooner that wa- determined the better, so that some improvement could be effected. If the aysteni wa,* everything that it ought to be, and if the finances had been wisely administered, why not let thai fact be known, and so remove any cause for distrust or disquiet in the House and the country? If there was anything in the system -which would not bear the light, it was time the House and the country knew it. He did nafr^think -there was, but the action of the Premier that day in taking a motion in favour of an enquiry as a want cf no confidence would do a lot to create a different impression in the country. If, on the other hand, the finances had been well administered, «'?--- should not the House and the country know it/and way should not steps be taken to prove it aud to prove that 'perhaps the charges hud nui been based on sufficient data, and were not true. From whatever side they looked at it each would benefit by the enquiry. Thcie wi5 no doubt tliere bad been a benefit by having the nutter ventilated -is it had been. If Lac mover thought that Ae purpose had oeea served and withdrew the motion no harm would be done, but if a. a matter of right and truth and to cover up nothing, but to expose all to the light of heiven and the knowlcdpe of the people, he forced his motion to a division he would vote for it. It was an extraordinary thin; that the Ministry, believing they had doac the best thin',; for the colony, and when if so an enquiry would haye proved their statements to be correct, should have taken a step which prevented some of their friends from voting for what they other wise would have done. He did not ask the mover to persevere with the motion, be cause the purpose of it had been served al ready. He believed the country and the House should know everything there was to be known witii regard to the finance:, aud nothing should be covered or hiddeu. and, believing that, if the motion came 1 1 a division he woula support it. Mr. PiUbHP.Tr- joined in asking t!u mover to withdraw the. motion, if be in sisted on takum it to a division he would vote against i(, although he was pleased t. «cc Tuc motion tabled and discu«£ed. The idea was lo bring before the House certain matters in connection with the finance*, and lie had achieved hi*- nbjeci. He hid brought it clearly before the Hcusc that a system of finances, had .Jb:en indulged in ivitli which members generally were not ac quainted; that jj wfcs not altogether a safe course, and -was- liable to abuse in the hands of boaie Treasura*. Having aohieved thai: object there was no. necessity to force a division when that- division would go to, the extent of putting out a Government. _ They had arrived at a condition of tilings in the Houi-e which he was pleased to tec, and for which he hud iouged ior the List two years, when members would candidly and iu a friendly spint criticise not cply the* policy but administration, ? ot . any Uovernmcni. They had lacked that in the past. He did not know whether it was the want of de sire, courage, or knowledge on the part of what was considered to be the Opposition.. They liu-1 been inclined to take too much on 'toast' the statements of hou, member-.. Ttic supporters of the Government would take all fiey had |o say without remark, and the others would accept the statement of the L-.'adcr of tlie Opposition wirli out secKing whether the Governmeut or tuc Leader of the Opposition hud any. object in making the statement. it would be a decided improvement in the future if a little more candid criticism were induced in. and if it were rec-ived in -: iricndJy spirit, and not answered by per eoniil abuse by members who knew that the personal abuse would meet with the appro val of mcinbers who would not be nitlu ciicid by the friendly criticism, tie would like a majority of members to express their opinion on tnc motion, because if it were withdrawn, and a majority of members did not express their opinion the Treasurer would naturally take it that the House ap proved of liia methods, and he would pursue them in the future. If Mr. Holder took ! that as an indication he would tell him that ; be did not approve of his methods*, but saw from tbc remarks of the financial authori ties of the House that it was liable to abuse. He asked for an' expression of opin ion from a majority of members, so that the course which had been adopted in the past should not be continued. While he .i«kcd that the motion should be withdrawn he intimated that he would not under any consideration give his support to similai ticanrial method!! being pursued in the future. Mr. GILES said for some time past h- had questioned the system of financing; and . had questioned many of the financial state ments made by tha Ministry- He knew that many of those statements did not ; place the correct position of affairs befon ; the House. The motion, if it were sot sc late in the session, would do good, becauM it revealed the true state of the finance* : Tb*y wanted to get at the whole truth. Ax enquiry .was absolutely necessary. He bu supported a Committee of Finance for years, Sleuth Australia. The Treasurer had done 1 what be Uiought was best for South, Aus tralia, but it Had not been for the best in terests of the colony. He should hare float ed a loan for two millions when he floated his last oue. (The Treasurer— 'I could not.'') It was a bad thing to be abort of money, because it put the Treasurer in the power of the financial institutions. He wanted to point out an evil from a business point of view. Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. knew perfectly well tfcat in August they would have a large quantity of wool to send iome. and would have a large sum of money to bring out, and they went to the Trea surer and got money from him in Adelaide and paid it hack in London at terms o/i ad vantage to themselves. That was not fair to the other business houses who bad to compete with the Company. Messrs. Elder, Smith were a big firm, and they were in a ring railed the Woolbrokers' Association, and the action of the Government placed that firm at an advantage over other firms. If it had been public ard nobody bad gain ed an undue advantage the thing would have been quite different, but the method adopted by tlie Treasurer had certainly operated to the detriment of other wool brokers. These acts done on the quiet and done secretly could not be good for the country. He oonsratulated ?»Ir. Solomon up on the good work he had performed in plac ing these facts before the country. He believed the Treasurer would take a les son from what had happened that day. Members had heard Mr. Playford telling the Treasurer that he had done a thins that no Treasurer ought to have done, and that he had kept back from the House informa tion which it should have been given long aco. Seeing that jdr. Grainger had gained all that he could well ret this session he (the speaker) counselled him to withdraw the motion. If the hon. member next ses sion would submit a motion for an enquiry into the whole position of our finances, be promised to support it, because he was con vinced that nothing but good would result from such an enquiry. Seeing that the Go vernment regarded the motion as one of no confidence he asked Mr. Grain ser to withdraw it, but if the hon. mem ber pressed it to a division he was bound to support him. Mr. HUTCHISON thought the motion would have beneficial results. At the same time he was not going to support it, be cause the discussion that day had proved that South Australia had as able a Trea surer aa she could wish for or was likely to get. He confessed, however, that some of the methods adopted by the Treasurer were such as ought not to be adopted. He believed the Treasurer by his fiAncing bad saved the colony large sums of money, but it would have been equally possible for another Treasurer by adopting the same methods to have lost large sums of money. The danger he thought had been exaggera ted to some extent by Mr. Solomon. He hoped Mr. Grainger would withdraw the motion, and if in ths early part of next session the hon. member chose to bring forward a motion that would have the ef fect of putting the finances of the colony on a different footing he should be pre pared to support him. Mr. OALpWELL said that if the mover of the motion pressed it to a division he would support it. because he had always held that the House should have the fullest control over the financial management cf the country. He regretted that the Treasurer had treated the motion as one of want of confidence. Personally he would never be satisfied until the House had appointed a Standing Committee on finance iuc'a as had been appointed in all the other colonies. He hoped that next session be would gain aufiident support from members to carry the proposal which Lad been unsuccessfully submitted year after year. He congratulated Mr. Grainger ou the good purpose which this motion had served. He hoped the Treasurer would take toe severe comments upon his action in good part. Personally he did not be lieve in saying the most severe things in the harshest possible way. They ought to import a little of the 'milk of iiuman kind ness' into their strictures. He trusted the debate would have done the count rv no harm and a little good. Mr. McDOXALD was very sorry tlw Treasurer had chosen to make this a party question. (Right Hon. C. C. Kingston— 'It was a desire to give the Treasurer a fixp in the face.') If there was one thin; more than another the country had to be proud of it was the reign of the Solomon Ministrv. Even though that reign only lasted three days, the late Government had done more good for South Australia than the Kingston Administration did during their prolonged tenure of office. Mr. Solo mon nad exposed the unsatisfactory state of the finances, and that gentleman's state ments had been thoroughly confirmed by subsequent disclosures. The pettifogging way in which the Treasurer had gone round the town for a few thousand pounds —('The Treasurer— 'I have never asked any one of them.')— nothing in ihe nature of a crisis had been worked up by the Opposition. Both the Houses and the coun try were to be congratulated on the tone of the debate. He joined in asking Mr. Grainger to withdraw the motion. Mr. ARCHIBALD said Mr. McDonald's apologetic tone was rather amusing. They should discuss all financial questions with out reference to party feeling. Consider ing the remarks of Mr. Solomon, Parlia ment had reasoD to believe that the finan ces were in a serious condition, but they would hare to be ten times worse to justify his statements. WheilTih hou. member had bad the honour of advising the Crown on matters of finance he should bring no charge* forward that he was not prepared to prove np to the bifc. (Mr. Solomoo— 'So they were.') They were not, and he protested against such conduct. They did not hear the policy of crying stinking fish on the other side of the world when they had fees to face, and that was equal to the question of finance in South Australia. They had been repeatedly told by the finan cial quacks of tuc House that they should have plenty of money in hand, because of the bogie that the Bank rate might go to 10 per cent, but they were not justified in making so much or that statement. He Hid not blame any Treasurer for avoiding the money market if it did not suit him. Conrideriiiff the times the colony had passed thi-ouch the Treasurer had done verj well, and tnc line of action the Government had adopted was reasonable. The beat thing Mr. Grainger could do was to withdraw fiis motion. He would support the Govern ment, although he must ray tliat the Trea surer had committed an error of judgment in not pivinj: the House more information. He trmted he would see his way clear in the future to give that information, from patriotic motives, and stop the crying out, Mich a« bad been dope by the Solomon Ministry during the little while they wore in office. The Ripht Hon. C. C. KINGSTON was glad the Treasurer had taken the motion as on-' of no confidence. He challenged the mover of ths resolution to bo to a division, and if he did so he was mire all the doubts cast by htm and certain other members on the integrity and capacity of the Treasurer would be rudely dispelled. How else could the Treasurer take a motion of that sort? Last week they were tola by Mr. Solomon that the mismanagement of the finances by the Treasurer was such that he was not fit, [ though indicated by a majority of the | House as the leader-to-be of the Govern ment which ousted Mr. Solomon's Mini stry, to be trusted with the high honour conferred upon him by that majoritv. No grearn- indignity could possibly be levelled at any man than, was most improoerly and unconstitutionally levelled by Air. Solomon against the Treasurer. He told them that he was prepared to justify the exceptional and mischievoun course he liad adopt ed. How had he attempted it? lesterdciy he treated' them to a lot of t*lk on the subject, and the Treasurer was able in anticipation to disprove Che greater part of it. That day Mr. Holder had com pleted the annihilation of the expressions, lw_ would not call them arjruroents. by which Mr. Solomon had endeavoured to sustain the infamous charge levied against the Treasurer, that of his being unfit to assume the leadership of the House. After the advice Mr. Solomon had given to the Governor it was his duty immediately the House met to move to oust Mr. Holder from bis position. But what was the poa twn? They had had no no-ccnfidencc mo tion tabled b.v the hon. maaber for the AorUiern Territory. They had heard noth ing further of h. But the hon. member cor Wallaroo, Mr. Grainger, acting in col laboration with Mr. Solomon, had been put up ? (Mr. Grainger— 'Excuse me; that is not correct.') It was all very well for tbs hon. member for WaHoroo to tsulk in that strain. Mir. Grainger— Til tell you straight what I think of you when vou get outside.') Well, the two members had undoubtedly been acting in collaboration. (Mr. Solomon— 'I say in this matter you are absolutely incorrect.' Mr. Graiager— 'Absolutely/) Oh. What was the posi tion? The member for Wallaroo rose and tabled the motion tbut z. commission be appointed for tbc purpose of enquiring into the conduct of the Treasurer in connection with the public accounts. Under circum stances such as that what could the Trea surer do? His duty was quite plain. It was a vote of no- confidence, and an attempt to rob in the wicked suesestion made con cerning the finances, and he challenged the hon. member to take a vote of the House and let the House and the public see where the majority was. There had been too much of levying accusation against mem 3crs on the Treasury benches— they had bad a lot of it in time gone past. They had a lot again that day, and it seemed to him that some members were absolutely indifferent as to what means they adopted to discredit others so long as their aim was obtained. The Treasurer bad had a most difficult time. He hoped that a division would be taken, and that the mover would not be allowed to withdraw it. Do wHat they could as regarded the Government, but do it straight out, and let them have an end to these continued insinuations which from time to time had been in dulged in. Some members thought the more often 'they spoke the mere they enhanced their prospects as authori ties on finance. There was no man whose financial .capacity he regarded more highly than the present Treasurer, the Hon. Fre derick William Holder, who had been his colleague for the last six and a half years. What did the Hon. T. Playford, who was also a colleague of his on several occasions, and whom he put on the s'ime level, say? What he said was that the Treasurer, in the: cir cumstances in which he bad found himself, did what was undoubtedly the best he could do for tbc colony. He could not say better, f Mr. Solomon— 'Mr. Playford said that the Treasurer deceived the House.') That was the malicious construc tion which the member for the Northern Territory piaced oo Mr. Playfords re marks. Tie Treasurer had done what was best under the circumstances. They could not accept that which, came out of the mouths of the him. member for the Nor thern Territory and Wallaroo before that which came out of the mouths of tho-e in whom they had every trust And there was no man more trusted in matteis ot' this sort than the Hon. T. Playford. Some fault bad bean found with the vrp? the money had been received on deposit from private individual*, and he found that be did not agree with the Hon. T. Playford ns regarded the legal position. Would not Mr. Playford admit -that tlie Treasurer had undoubted right to borrov* money from the Banks? iThe Treasurer could have obtain ed aa overdraft. Under any circumstances power was given to the Government to do what was necessirv for the colony. Would not Mr. Playford admit that the Treasurer bad a right to obtan an over draft? He bad a right, and he had a simi lar right to receive the money from those who came and deposited it with him. What was the difference? It was simply pledging the credit of the country for the return of ths money. (Mr. von Doussa— 'But one is none in private and the other in pub lic') He did not regard any secrecy about tt. Posribly it would have been batter it public notice had bee» gjven of the Trea surer's willingness to receive the amounts. But hart tae charges been sustained? Cer tainly not. Let the division come, and let the hon. member forjthe Northern Terri tory be found amongst those who would refuse to allow Mr. Grainser to crawl out of the motion which he had moved. All that was asked for was an examination bv these gentry into the affaire of the Trea surer. He felt confident that when the time came the jiolwi would be defeated. Mr. GRAINGER said he was not afraid of Mr. Kingston's bluster and bounce, al though at one time he thought ha was goips to commit an assault in the Tear. This remarkable blustering would uot affect him in any way. Mr. Kingston, as usual, skulked away until every one else had finished, and then he made a statement which was simply absurd, because he mado an assertion which was not true. He cave them ids word of honour that the hon. member for the Northern Territory \va# totally innocent of the fact that lie was fioing to table the motion. (The Eight Hon. C. C. Kingston— 'He cheered yon.') He did not care about that, but lie gave members his word of ?honour that Mr. Solomon did not know anything nbout it. There was only one hon. member who was aware of it. aud that was Mr. CdMwell. (The Chief Secretary— 'It was town bilk.'') Well, «roie one must have invente-J it. He assured the House that n« did not speak to any member of the Opposition or any other member except Mr. Griffith.-?, who had promised to see him down at the .Hourfc. He did not turn up, however, and he sot Mr. Caldwell to sign the paper for him. The hon. member's statement that -ie anl Mr. Solomon concocted the motion was therefore about as true as his statements usually were. No amount _ of blustering would frighten him. Mr. Kingston got up and accused him of all sorts of things, but he did not mind it. Mr. Kindlon's his tory in South Australia wx» too well kno-.vu to need any further reference froui him. The hon. member's actions spoke much louder than his loud bellowing woHs. He wanted to point out where he differed, and he did not want to wnste his time from Mr. Playferd. The hon. member thinks that the Treasurer made a good bar gain. It was a good bargain if he could cot nave made a better one, but there was the Savings Bank, with large sums of money, and surely those who looked after tlie people's money should have been given » chance. (The Treasurer— 'They could not under the Act.') He was not aware of that. Then there were trust moneys lying in the Bank of Adelaide, and why was not an opportunity given them of securing the 3 per cent, interest. He did not know that the Savincs Bank was prohibited by Act. and lie did not know of any Act which gave the Treasurer power to Ukc deposits. There was no doubt th-tt he could have got the raorey cheaper. The Banks at present had a million sterling more than they lent out to ihc public. That was after putting entirely on one side their capital and the money they got from notes. There was any amount of money here, and for a first-class security like the South Australian Government In wa.-- quite sure they could get plenty of it at 2J per cent. TheA Treasurer not Ions ago was selling 3 per rent, stock for £90 and £07. He could have sold a lot of stock at the reduced price of- £95, and had half a million of money or more. That was bet ter than borrowing money nt a month's op tion at 3 per cent. It would have been much better for «he Government to have paid a fraction more, say 3J per cent, and borrowed for a fixed term, 30 year*, and thu* tye able to sail along comfortably for another twelve months. In that re spect he did not agree with 3Ir. Playford, who, however, was entitled to great consi deration especially in matters of finance. The Treasurer said there had been no de ception. On page 179 of the 'Gazette' the Trust Account was set out as amount ing to £400,000 odd. Tlie simple words ''Trust Account' were used, and naturally thev supposed that this was money lodged under the Act of Parliament relating to trust funds. But it turned out that they were not trust accounts at all. and the Trea surer further deceived the House by say ing that the Public Trustee and Supreme Court balances were to a small extent sub ject to daily drawings of small sums with out notice. He bad deliberately deceived the House. (The Treasurer— 'I told the exact truth.') Hcjwanted to know with regard to the £400,0(9 as to How the money could be withdrawn. (The Treasurer— 'So far as the Supreme Court balances were concerned they were at call, and the cest were not.') The rest were at a month, fine Treasurer— 'That's not at call.') The Treasurer came down there and said some thing which answered his own purpose, and wilfully deceived members. He should oosuaenra tad ttU tfca that he bad takes so much on deposit, that he was owing the Banks so much, and not wriggle when he not into a corner. Then all would respect him for it. Now ? they had cause for sus picion as to whether all the truth had been given. (Right Hon. C. C. Kingston— 'Sus- picion ever liauuts the goiity mind.') Then Mr. Kingston must be troubled with a ghost all day and night. If Mr. Holder was going on this plan of wilfully with holding information, he could not be sur prised if the House and the country thought that he was hiding something more, lie had been asked questions again and again, and why could he not- treat the House fairly? It was impossible to find the Trea surer out if they were goimj to have a balance-sheet falsely representing the fact*. By what manner of means could they call a Bank overdraft trust money? Here was £3SO,000 to be paid back before June 30, and how could that be called trust money, and how could they find it out if the balance-sheets were to be cooked in this way? It was very unfair for the Treasurer to allow them to drift along week after week thinking that there was plenty of money in hand, when as a matter of fact such was not the case, and all might be withdrawn before the end of January. (The Treasurer— 'Where is the difference in principle between that and an overdraft?') He did not know that there was any legal authority for the Govern ment to obtain an overdraft. That the Government could do so and subsequently receive Parliamentary sanction was another matter altogether. That was done in some matters, but he did not -know of any Act of Parliament that enabled the Treasurer to get un unlimited overdraft from a Bank. If the Treasurer could borrow £130,000 at 3.} per cent, without authority he could bor row two millions at 10 per cent. When he borrowed money and came to the House afterwards and explained that he had done it for the honour of South Australia they cort.d utwolve him, but he had no right to keep these tilings up his sleeve, and he had no more right to have an overdraft than he bad lo take money on deposit. When it came to taking money on deposit the most honest thbg to do would be to advertise what he was paying for money. He recommended the Treasurer now to advertise what he was paying for money at six months, and to get as much as he could to carry himself on. He dared say Mr. Holder struggled hard to be fair, but he always seemed to get the worst of it when he struggled. He had suffered punishment by Dsing turaed out of bis pre vious Ministry. He wa«, he hoped, turn ing over a n*\r leaf, and if to, he (the siKraker) would give him every possible ciidnce, and would support him to the best of his ability. He hod not the slightest idea of tabliiig a, no- conlidenoe motion, but since the Premier bad chosen to take it in that way, he, as a supi*orter of the Govern ment, av-ked leave to withdraw the motion. Tbc SPEAKER— Is it the pleasure of the House that the hon. member nave leave to withdraw his motion? The Right Hon. C. C. KINGSTON-No. The motion was negatived. THE EDUCATIONAL SYSTEM. Adjourned debate on the motion of Mr. Giles— 'That an Address be presented to the Governor, praying His Lxcellency to appoint a Gouimi&aon; to enquire into the working of the educational system and its effect en. the children under it.' The motion was declared negatived. Mr. GILES called for a division, which resulted as follows: — Ayes, 7.— Messrs. Burgoyne, Duncan, Giynn, Hague, ltounscvcll, lucker, and Giles '(teller). Noes, 31.— Messrs. Archibald, Blacker,' Brooker, Butler, Carpenter, Catt, Coney beer. Copley, Foster, Grainger, Handyside, Holder^ Homburg, Hooper, Hutchison, Jen kins, Kingston, MucGillivray, McKcnzie, McLachlaa, Miller, O'Loughlin, Paech, Playford, Poynton, Price, Roberts, Scherk, Shannon, von Doussa, and Batchelor (tel ler). Majority of 24 for the Noes. Pairs.— Ayes— Messrs. Solomon and Cald wcli. Noes — Messrs. Peake and Dumas. FEDERAL PAKLLAMENT ELECTIONS. Adjourned debate on the motion of -Mr. Grainger— 'That, in the opinion of this House, the policy of the Government, to the effect that the members of the Federal House of Representatives should be re tm-ucd by the electors of the province vot ing as one constituency, is opposed to the best interests of the people:' To which Mr. Batchelor has moved the following amendments, viz.: — 'To leave out all the words after 'this House' down to and in cluding 'that,' -and also all the words after 'voting' in order to add to the question the words 'in equal electorates.' ' Question — That the words proposed to be left out stand part of the uuestioa. Mr. ROBERTS said that since the mo tion was tabled there hsd been a change of Government. The Kingston Ministry bid expressed their opinion on the subject, and he would certainly have refrained from speaking now if he had known the opinion of the present Government. Perhaps the Chief Secretary would tell him by interjection. (The- Chief Secretary— ''It canncfe be done in any other way.') He had never heard that tbUt matter was to be referred* to the Select Committee. (The Chief Secre tary— 'Wa will net support the motion, but if carried will refer it to a Commit tee.',) He was glad of Vhat, because he also intended to oppose the motion. After finding there was some sort of agreement tj divide the colony into districts, such us were portiayed on the map prepared by Mr. Burgoyne, be had come to -the conclu sion that it would be to the best interests of the colony to poll in one large district. He admitted it was a debatable point, and b might be an improvement to have small c)eeioi.ues, but for the first election un questionably, whether wealthy or poor men were elected, it would be best for the co lony to poll in one district, lie hoped there would be enough members to wipe out the notion. ' The CHIEF SECRETARY said the Go vernment wouid support the amendment proposed some time previously by Mr. Bat chelor, but would oppose the motion with the idea of referrins the matter to a Com mittee, which would probably be moved for by the Premier on Thursday or Friday, and which would work in conjunction with anotlrtr to he appointed in another place to settle the whole question of amendments to the Constitution. Mr. BATCHELOR'S amendment to leave out all the words after 'this House' down lo and including 'that,' aud also all the word« sifter 'votintr.' was carried. Mr. BATCHELOR'S amendment to add 'in equnl decorates' wus negatived, and the motion lapsed. EFFECTIVE VOTING. Adjourned debate on the motion of Mr. GLVNN— 'T!ii& the mode of election by single transferable votes, known as the Llaic-Spcuce, be adopted fcr the election of members of Parlaiiuent, to whidi Mr. Car pc-nter has moved the following amend ment, viz., to insert the words 'the Fede ral' brfoie 'Parliament.' The Hon. T. PLAYFORD, in continuing his remarks, said at (that late i*riod of the session it was impossibb to go on with the motion. The TREASURER said the Government held the view expressed by Mr. Playford tb.it there was no time this session to give, ellcct to the iqdtion, but they thought, as' other constitutional changes would tie un der consideration by die Constitutional Committee, the best thing was to negative the motion, and lcaw the Committee to consider it, and recommend it or otherwise. The course proposed would not render it iui-v.*Aib!e if the Committee desimi and Parliament approved to have effective vot ing used sit the first federal elections, but the matter would I-c on all fours with the ctber constitution:)! change)', and the Com mittee would report, and the whole matter Ik- dUcussed and dealt witii by the House before the federal elections. Mr. Carpenter's Amendment and the mo tion were .negatived. THE ELECTORAL CODE ACT. Adjourned debate on ibe motion of Mr. Wood— 'Tint, in the opinion of this House 'Tie EJcCwonii Code. 1S9G,' should be amend ed in rc£i-ca of absent voters and other mutters.' The TREASURER said the Government felt that the whole question of the absent voters' provisions required careful vonsidern tioD. They had hod several cases brought under their Jiaticc of difficulty in the ad ministration of the provision.*. ? There was no doubt the provisions were to some ex teftt an evasion of the ballot, and there was a risk of the feerecy of the ballot being done away with. Whatever they might wish to do, they had not time to bring up a well considered scheme for the amendment of the law, and the Government would re sist the motion, and due consideration would be given during recess to the de sirableness of amending tihe law. Motion negatived. THE ARTHUR WILL CASE. Adjourned debate on the motion of Mr. Wood— 'That, in the opinion of this House, the trust moneys in connection with the Arthur will case directed by His Honor tbc Chief Justice to be taken into revenue should be paid to the beneficiaries under the will of the late William Arthur.' The TREASURER said he would have preferred to have adjourned the motion, but there. were one or two things winch Aould be said. They -had tad -two enquiries oa -tihe matter before, and at 'least three debates. At the same time when the mo tion was made -dhe cover lot an attack it was desirable that mem bers should be reminded of the facts. A certain estate being in the hands of the Public Trustee some yew ago, and it' ap- pearing to that officer thai the properties ot ths estate wece getting Jato-ibft Jtaada of one who had no just claim to them, cer tain enquiries wore instituted. The mat ter was looked into, Messrs. Kingston and Hall being the solicitors engaged, and ulti mately, on th'eir opinion that there wan a case foG enquiry, the Public Trustee: took action to bring it before the Court. - Any body who chose to look up the proceeding of the Select Committee of four years ago would come to the conclusion there was complete justification for the action of the Public Trustee. In the interest of the bene ficiaries of tbc estate, and in pursuance of the clear and unmistakable duty of the Public Trustee, who was appointed to safe guard the interests of any properties which might come into his hands, that officer took actiou. Hud he permitted any of these properties tu go into wrong channels he wouJd justly have incurred censure. The ultimate decision of the Court was that the properties were not being wrongly dealt with as the Public Trustee believed. But the fact that the Court took go long to 'arrive at the conclusion that the .'tight and not the wrong was being' done showed how right wax the Public Trustee id having brought the cane under the notice of the Court. Oa that question of ripht or wrong it eeemed to him that. the costs involved ought not to be looked into too cloi- ely. (lir. Burgoyne — ''Was the legai advice taken sound?') The Court1* decided the other way, but in every case that went be fore the Court there were strong opinions both ways. Ultimately the Court decides one way or the other, but that fact did not piove that there were not strong rea sons Ior believeing that the result would have been differeut. (Mr. 3icLichlan— 'Did the Judce say the case ought never to have been brought into Court?') Yes, but the Chief Justice said that with the light which at the beginning of the case was not available. The coots were very heavy. AVhen the charges due out of the estate had been met there was still a considerable sum which had to be paid oy the Public Trus tee, and which therefore had to come out of the pockets of the general taxpayers. La ter on several sums were handed over to Richard Arthur to recompense him for the expense to whioh he had been put. Finally, there remained a sum of £300 odd in the hands of the Public Trustee, which was not the property of Richard Arthur, but of the other beneficiaries. The question now was whether that sum should be paid over to the beneficiaries under the will in whose interests ^the whole of the proceedings had been' taken and these costs incurred. It seemed to him that as the action was brought and the expenses incurred for the benefit of the beneficiaries, the latter ought to bear the costs so fur as they had any funds. Some months ago he had the mat ter brought before the Judges of the Su preme Court, and they decided that the money should be paid into the 'f rcasurj subject to the reservation that should a su perior right to it be set up later on the amount was to be refunded by the Trea surer. The proper course therefore for the beneficiaries to adopt if they thought they, had a claim on the money was to bring their claim before the Judges. The Go vernment would place no obstacle hi the way, and would K-ok to minimise any cosu involved, but it did seem to him that the House might safely leave the matter to the Supreme Court Judges. Mr. COPLEY did not think the position was that the whole of the beneficiaries were interested in this small amount of money which had been paid by the Public Trustee into the Treasury. But wu it to be ex pected, after the experience b.v tlie Arthur family of the uncertainty of the law, that the beneficiaries would seriously attempt by means of litigation tu recover the i'300? It would be a grai-icin act notwithstanding the expense the State bad been put to if the beneficiaries were allowed the par ticular sum spoken of. To expenses which fell upon the State were incurred on ac count of the delay in the process of law. So far as Mr. Richard Arthur was con cerned the Government of which he (the sp:akcc) was a member made a mutuai agree ment with him that on payment of a cer tain sum of money it should be in satis faction of all claims. He knew that Mr. Arthur had complained that at the time he did not fmly understand what tiie signing of the document meant. (Mr. Homburg— 'The House gave him anocaer sum of money.') Quite so. (The Trea surer— 'This has nothing to do with Richard Arthur.') Did not some of them suffer to the extent of having to contribute to the costs of the case? (Mr. Brooker— ''?No monetary contribution.' The Trea surer— 'The State bore the cosu of the action.'*') He thought the mover had made out a case for sympathy. Sir. Hombun; moved that the debate be adjourned until Wednesday, December 27. Negatived, and the motion lapsed. At 6.30 p.m. the House adjourned until 7-10. On resuming PRINTING PAPER.-THF. GOVERN MENT POLICY. Adjourned debate on the motion of the Treasurer— 'That the paper laid on the table— Registrar of Trades Unions* Report —be printed.' The Hon. W. B. ROUNSEVELL said the Treasurer had attempted two things— the enunciation of a policy, and the diverting of the attention of the House from tiie main issue by directing an attack against the Solomon Government. In considering the policy of the present Government he could not divest himself from the ferHitg and the knowledge that it wan a continuity of the Kingston Administration— a feeling that in criticising the proposals of the pre sent Government he was bound to consider the actions of the present Premier when Treasurer in the previous Ministry. Owing to the discussion on Mr. Grainser's motion he would not have to speak go long, as some of the matter* he intended to refer to had been thrashed out. The debate in volved the consideration of tue financial administration of the (Jrovcrnment under the management of the present Premier, and whilst that management had been characterized by a considerable amount oi dexterity he felt that it was devoid of the true and sound principles of finance that should operate on the minds of any one administering tihe finances of the country. For many years the present Treasurer hi'J deflected from those sound principle.*, and in connection with tlie loan funds he Irad tiken a course of action, whk4i had been supported by his Gorjrnmeut, altogether illegitimate and improper, and if hon. mem bers would only take tlie trouble to read the Commissioner of Audit's report for 1808 and _ the special report he supplied in answer to a resolution of the House moved by him in reference to the Treasurer \\-t treatment of the loan funds, they would find that the Kingston Govern ment bad abrogated the fundamental prin ciples in the management of finance. Hon. members would see in that report that the Treasurer ltbd abused those loan estimates', and had endeavoured to make them the Parliamentary authority for expenditure wheo.thev were intended, from their initia tion, to be limited in regard to their es pendrture. He was a member of the Com mission which sat some time ago, and he could corroborate the Commissioner of Audit in that statement. Instead of em ploying them as a legitimate means by which the House was to exercise a perfect and absolute control with regard to the expenditure of loan moneys those loan estimates had been employed by the Trea surer as a means of absolving him of any expenditure of that money. The Commis sioner raid thut they could never have given that authority, and that there was only one way of retting it. The Assembly, by resolution, and' the Council, by approval, might sanction a work, but it rested with the Assembly alone vh«»ther that work wn* to be carried out. If hon. members would look at the statement of the Commissioner of Audit in 1898 th«y would find that up to the advent of the Kingston Government that bad really been observed -by every Government. It was true that t!he occasion might nriv« when they would have to make some pro vision for expenditure before they could ob tain the approval of the Hou^e, but they should secure that approval immediately the House met. Hon. members had in front of them the Commissioner of Audit's report, and -lie would ask them to look at it. The expenditure of 1SS9 wn* obtained in the Loan Act of 1890, ami of 1891 in 1892. and of 1803 in 1891. but then it began to grow, ami lion, members would sec that it got up to a total— that was up to fSOS^-of £467,50( before auy Loan; Act was obtained. Up t- the iimc that tie Commiasicmer had report ed tiho approval of tiie House bad nevci been sought. That House .was supposed U be the custodian of the public puree, too The Conrmiiwioner of ?'Audit also classiliec iris objections with regard to «ac proces adopted by the Treasurer under four dis tinct heads, and in every one he daargec the Treasurer practically with, breaking th- laws of the country. He did not ask lion members to take his word for it, but t( look at -the thing for themselves. The re port was by one who was not a partisan, and who was appointed by that House t- tell Ijhem without any trimmings the exac-i operations year after year, and. he cailec attention of tins House to Che improper conduct of the Government. He exceed ingly regretted thai in years gone by some hon. member had not called attention U it, for he thought it would have stopped thi pcrnicioutf expenditure at tttc own sweel will'cf the Government. In some cases o emergency he had expended money himsel while in office, but he (had always sought foi Parliamentary sanction directly the Housi met. But there from 1894 up to 1893 thej hud never obtained Parliamentary sane tion. (The Treasurer— 'Oh, yes. We hue a Loan Bill last year.') Weil, it took ta- Government live years to Tevert to a propei constitutional course. Naturalists were ab!- from a single boac of an animal to dtsignati to witat cJj£3 of anhoal it belonged, buJ even if they had one sufficiently learned ii politics to diagnose tne position in regarc to the Treasurer he was doubtful whethei i;e would ever be able to fix ihim as be longing to any distinct form o£. politics. 1 hon. members wo&d; bear in mind the view expressed by the Commissioner of Audi! wtth regard to t&e; management of the finances of the country, and if the) looked at the way in which the finance: had been managed by ihe Treasurer, they would come to the conclusion that the Trea surer never liked to face the music at an) time, and that he had not told everything to even his colleagues. (Right Hon. C. C Kingston— 'His colleagues have no reason to complain.') Mr. Holder was not can did with, the House in matters of finance. It was only a few weeks ago that he asked whether he had made proper provision uf to July 1, andthe reply was 'No, but up tc March 31.' Now that answer was absolute ]y 'Holdcresque' in its smartness. In say ing that he had made provision up tc March 31 ie knew that he nad only made provision, and not in a legitimate way, ur to January 1, 1900. March 31 was not Ann! 1\. when the interest was due. He asked tne Treasurer how much stock remained un floated, and his reply was about a million pounds, and then they learned incidental]) from the Treasurer that he Had been Boat ing a part of the loan locally on Treasury bills. (The Treasurer— 'You are wrong again.' Mr. Solomon — ''Stock.') Oh, stock He had floated locally some £200,000. Tb- Treasurer did not tell the whole t-rutl about it. He could not make a clean breast of it at any time. He asked the Treasurer whether he made any special terms with regard to other notations? (Th( Treasurer—'! did not make any unusual terms.') The Treasurer had promised h- wouid not float any further stock under 91 per cent., and why did he not tell th- House? That showed that they only gol the position piecemeal. The promise th- Treasurer bad made was a most jmpropei one, and he ought to have told the House the whole truth regarding it. Notivithjtan ding the disclaimer made by the Treasurei that day it seemed to him that a uioal chocking state of things had been revealed with regard to tueir financial ma nigement by hon. . members thai week, aud more particularly that day Who could ikivt- listened icr one momcui to the blunt, honest statements of Mr. Pfoyford, a Lriend ot the Ministry, and ont who had tried to let the Treasurer down as easily as possible, without coming to tht conclusion that h'n condemnation of tat conduct of the Treasurer was most com plete, and amplv justified Mr. Solomon in the statements lie hud made? Whilst ap predating toT.he full tiie remarks of Mr. lMayiord vritii* regard to the impropriety of Mr. Uoldtr's conduct in secretly borrow ing money, he altogether demurred to hh judgment wita respect to the operation be ing a. successful ou: for South Australu; (Hon. A. Catt— 'You concur iu that whicli suits you.') The one was a matter of faci. lltigbt Hon. L. C. Kingston— 'Why didn't you divick-?') It Was not for him to di vide. He thought '-lr. Playford'* judgmcni of the operation being a successful one wa: wrong. It did not lay in any one's incuts to «ay that it wus successful until they ⁢\ iraat the effect would be when the uioncji were rciunded, and what the Treasurer had to pay for the replacement of thj sum/, There was nu douot that it' the Treasure.! had asked iu a public manner for thest moneys he could have had overwb-Hniity applications, because Australia, at any rate was Bu.-a of unoccupied capital. rle did not blame the Treasurer for not seeing tiia; the war would take plau.*, but when he twitted members witu not understanding tlie A B C of finance he said uuiicsitaiiii ^1) that Mr. Holder himself had failed to learn or to apply, at auy rate, the first principu of finance which was that of safety, il was absolutely necessary to have certaict) with regard to your payments. He wm strongly of opinion that the Treusuiei would lind himself in. the cleft of a utikk cornered abscJuttly — in the same way as s previous Treasurer was. He did not he-ti uto to say tjat the smartness which M: Holder had attempted to evince would coJ the country a gnat man)* thousands bcfcr« it was rectineu. This obtaining of mose) secretly without the House knowing vvj: highly improper. Mr. Darling kid *ho*'-i that the operatic^ in itself was capable ol a very serious interpretation*. Tiie pubiu priii U showed au advertisement by the v?r- people from whom the Treasurer obtained the moiifr.v thai they had got the money fui 2 per ceut. They took it across the sire*.; to the Treasurer and gained 1 per cent. He hoped Mr. Playfords word* of adviw Mould sink d.eply into the heart of tht Treasurer and every othvr member o! the House. The House had a perfect right to know the financial ix-e'- tion any and every moment. If tao house aud the public had beeu advised in this instauce the Treasurer could have ar ranged niucu better teiius than he got. It had been characteristic of the Treasurer to avoid nieeticg his resi- onsibiiities fairly and squarely. ' Common innidenue ought to havi shown him that he should have made pro vision during the past three months uot only for his January payments, but aiso for his April and July payment*. That for January hud no sooner been made thai: he had- received notice that a large propor tion ? (The Treasurer—'! avked the Under Treasurer this morning, and he said that was not to.') Did the Treasure] mean to tell him that be bnd not received notice from Elder, Smith, & Co. of the with, dra.val of a considerable *um of money I (The Treasurer— 'It was not iu before 1 left office, and the Under Treasurer told me this morning that it was not in. Whether it came in wbeu I was out ol office cr not I don't know.') That state ment wa* not in accordance with the statement made to -him by Mr. Solomon, lie had heard that notice had been given for very heavy payments to be made in January of those moneys borrowed private ly and secretly from Klder, Smith, k Co. and the estate of the late Sir Thotnaa Elder. (Mr. Homburg— 'Was the notice given while, you were in office or before you assumed office?*') As far as he knew the notification was made before. (Th«i Treasurer— 'Jf it was given it must have Ixxtn \vhen Mr. Solomon was in office.') He believed the Treasurer would find that he would have to make provision for heavy payments both in January and February irrespective of loan engagements. It be hoved the House to recognise the opinions of men like -Mr. Piayford, who had had experience iu Londoo, and boew the pro r«r methods for a Treasurer to adopt, and Mr. Darling, whose financial operations at time* were, no doubt, larger than those of almost any one in the colony, and should accept their dissent from these processes of management, whiph would absolutely land the colony in a great loss. (The Trea surer— 'Inat's what you did when you were Treasurer.') The only time he came out with a deficit was when Ins estimates were disarranged by n resolution of -the Houte expending X70.0U0 or £80,000 on the destruction of vermin. Unfortunately that work was only half done. If it Bad been completed, and tlie expenditure had been a good deal more, he would not have regret ted his deficit. There was no doubt that .the necessary money could be found, but it would have to be found at such cost as would make the taxpayers smart before matters were rectified. He wanted to say a word or two about the. franchise auestion and the Clehelg Railway. It was most amusing to see the calm as surance with which the Treasurer got up and preached his virtues and those of hi« party when they hail seen him within the jast few years everything by turn and noth ing long with regard to the franchise. They saw him first as a £15 man. then for household suffrage, then for adult suffrage; and this session, in the Kingston Govern ment, they saw him for household suffrage, when the Bill, the whole BH1, and nothing but the Bill wonld xaturfy him; *ud now, like the hound at fault whioli had lost the scent, he doubled back to the £15 fran chise. He knew that it was impoariblegfor him to get the approval of the Legislative Council for that, because the whaie condi tions bad altered, and he knew that as in troduced in the Legislative Council it was hampered by such conditions that it was impossible for that Chamber to accept it. They would have been prepared to accept £20. (Mr. Brooker— 'How kind of them.') Yesitwu. Ttoae membea who expected revolution instead of reform would find th , mistake they had made. If tbey cave tbei revolution they would tee what the; would gi*. liioae great reformer* -wh pledged their lives and everything ebc the; had when it came to the crucial test, ami they came to the risk of losing their £20 a year were not game to fight it out. I the Labour Party bad stood to what the; said were their convictions one could hav respected them, but they were nut gam to risk their ucatft and fight it out on tb hustings again. He respected roihe mem bers of it, but as a party he had lost faitl in thvm. (Mr- Brooker— 'You never hai much.') He Iiatl thought they were «it cere and believed in their utterances, bu now he knew that when put to the touch stone they were not worth much- (Mi Brooker— 'It would have been a tert (o you in the Burnt.') He had had th strength of the Labour Party and tlie Gc vernment to fight before, and he was no afraid of it. He desired it, and he wouli welcome it again, and the Treasurer wouli see that his district bad changed now i saw the full bearing of the question. (Th Treasurer — 'I don't mind fighting I again.') No one could beat the Treasure in tlie Burnt, for he could twiddle ibex round. his ringer a great' deal easier tluu he could twiddle die House, and' tii Treasurer would be returned and «o woul he, and the Treasurer would see by th votes whose policy the electors favoured (The Kight Hon. C. C. Kingston — 'Yoi would be a returned empty.') Emptic were returned cheaply, and his tat clectioi was the cheapest he had fought. The Bil hail been introduced into the other Hou* in the same spirit that everything hod bee: thrust at them for the last four or hv years- They had to take and swallot everything that was sent to them. The SPKAKKR— I point out to the hon member thai the question k now befor the other Chamber, and cannot be discut sed. The lion- member may refer to it, bu jt is not in order lo refer to the maune in which it wafe introduced. The Hon. W. B. ROUNSEVELL wa ping to *-jy that when the measure cam before them he would go into detail*, bu surely after the statement of the Trea surer with regard to the policy he had th right to discuss it The SPEAKER— The hon. member is pei fectly in order in referring to the £15 frati (hue, but he is not in order in referring U the manner in which the Bill was iatro duced. The lion. W. B. ROUXSEVELL said h would bow to the ruling of the Speaker. 1 was mauy years sines he had broken th law of flie House. The SPEAKEK-I only ask the hon member not to refer to the proccedinge ii the other brunch of the Legislature. The Hon. W. K. KOUNSEVELL said i the measure reached them, which he vcr much doubted, he would refer to it, bu no doubt when it w.w rejected the oi would be filled, a-i it always was, wit] mock heroics, and they wsuld be told tin Hie Liberals were trying to get that tbto; through, that Cod 1 in wa« their friend, no Short, and tint they were the people ti give them all the advantages, but th Upper House stood in the way. He hai no doubt that the Country Party, whiel had assisted to form the present Govern meet, would regret it, and the Labou Party would rue it. The proposil of th Government was one of these tilings pu up to be knocked down again. With refei ence to the G'.enelR Raiwiy he could no help admiring the dexterity' and siaarto.es of the Treasurer in diverting the uttentioi of the House from the financial positio ?md die proposal* of the Government. Tt 'Ircjs-urer mast have Uiought that if th members thought ioo much about tlios things thcie would b.' a bt of unupleasanl tia-s, »nd therefore lie tried to make as bu- u case as he could ugain.-t the Solomon Gc vernmeut iu re-janl to the (xlenidg llailwa) If ever a red herring was dragged acre* the couivic of a debate it was done by til Treasurer. If any one would look througl the correspondence and compare the ac tions of the Kingston Government witl thut of the Solomon Goverment they wouli sec on the pan of the Kingston Govern ment delays and procrastination, and cr, the |urt of the- Solomon Government . sincere desire to complete the matter. Th Kingston Government, although liarsblv had made a good business deal fo the Government, and the Solo nun Government determined t- avoid procrastination and delay* Check after check was introduced by th present Chief Secretary or his law officer to prevent the completion of the.pureha« (The Chief Secretary— 'We acted in th interc-u of the Government; you acted i the iiuereM* of the rhareholders.') 1 was ultsoSiitely untrue. What was more, th action of Mr. Jenkins in his cupacitv o Commissioner of Public Works was charat ten zed in tiiis as in every other matte he had command of, by procrantination am delay. Mr. Glynn, in reply to the Trea surer, had punctured every argumeii brought lorward, and shown conclusive! how incorrect wns the ground taken by th Treasurer. He (the speaker) rejoiced tin he had been the means of bringing thi matter to a conclusion. Thousands o people,, too, were rejoicing over the fac that atter Friday next the last remainin portion of railway in South Austral) would be under State control. (Mr. Woo —'Will the men do employed?') The Sol- mon Government gave a distinct assuranc that they would. (The Commissioner o Public Works-^'The men will be emplo.v ed.') The action of the late Governtner. would be- the means of making a vonsidci able direct profit to South Australia, li the wbter months very little profit wu made by the Glenelg Railway Company, bu the traffic during the summer bad euublci them to pay good dividends to the share holders. Under the able management o the Kailwavs Commissioner he believed t!i- lines would pay 7 or 8 per cent. (lion. T Playford— 'bouie thousands of pound* wil first be required to effect repair*.') IL rode over the line every day, and could -*a, that it was in good order at the presen time, and it was unnecessary to undcrlak any great expenditure during the pre.-«c4 summer. He felt that the debate whic! had taken plane during the week had open cd the c-yes of the '.treasurer very much and would prevent him from again adopt ing the i»crnicious methods which he hai adopted in the past. Tnc Kight Hon. C. C. KINGSTON' wa pleased that Mr. Ronnsevell had lired ol his shot on the subject of finance. Hi trusted the House had now heard the las of it. The Treasurer had been subjcctc- to a lot of 'criticism from ex-Treasurer and would-be Treasurers who were unlitte- for the position. That afternoon Ihc Trea surer had accepted the challenge of hii critics, and with what result? Those \yh' accused him ivcre afraid to take a division crawled out of it, and asked to be allowct to withdraw, and did everything in theii power to prevent the sense oi the Housi being taken on the subject. Under sue! circumstances let them hereafter hold thei peace. There was a good deal too much at tempted in the way of discrediting th- Treasurer and at the stone time the colony These men bad had their chance and bcci picked out. For goodness' Kike let mom bers hear the last of their ? croaking. Hi rose with feelings of a most : harmoniou: character to discuss a variety of questions (Mr. Glynn— 'Wagnerian harmony?') Xo he didn 't want anything made in German; —Australia would do for him, or Irish, ? the hon. member desired -it-^-or a blend o both. As a rule the members of outgoin; Governments felt a considerable Amount o; irritation. (Mr. Wood— 'You have experi enced it, then?') Yet, he had experiencci it on mine occasions, but as regarded tin last occasion when the Kingston Govern ment went out he experienced no fcclingi of irritation whatever, because he felt thai they fell true to their colours, sticking tc their gunr, and under circumstances ic which discredit only attached to lhos- who threw them out, and not ' one iota o: which attached lo Ministers1, It was with positive feelings of elation that he reflected that had they desired to trim in the slighUat degree, or to be false tc their pledges, they could have retained their position. A pledge wus asked foi which they could not in honour give, and did not attempt to give, and under midi circumstances he was proud indeed to go out. No discredit attached to them, but only to those who took advantage of the po sition to hurl them from their places. At regarded those gentlemen where were they! The creatures of a moment, in office only a week, out once and for all time, obtaining their places by shameless and shameful in trigue, being expelled with contumely and ccntempt, without a word wasted on that wretched deliverance which tbey called their policy. Under circumstance* such aa that he could not resist a feeling of pride that retribution, swift and complete, bad overtaken those who brought about, his downfall. How could it be otherwise? Therefore he rose with the best feelings towards the House as a whole to talk on the subject then engaging attention. He was pleased for a variety of reasons. There or. the Treasury benches he saw three of bis old colleague*— as good colleagues a* a roan ever had. (Mr. Paech-'TrimmerB.') Trim men? Three better colleagues than those on tbe Treasury benches one would have to search far and wide for, and then would not be able to find them. But seeing them his old friend tlie Treasurer, in a place be was undoubtedly entitled to by his con spicuous ability, lie wai a pteoVcjl and a proud man to-day. It was a matter of re trret that all his old coHeapues were not here. He would refer to the absence of Sir. Butler, who did most excellent ser vice in the House and in his office, and every remark he made a* to tint gen tleman applied wrrh equal force to the lute Thief Secretary, the Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin. fat injoaiittrt-ot that «orL vhen th«. fim* s came for an outgoing Ministry or some of i its members to consider toe question of T ousting those who Had wrongly displaced \- them there -waa generally a necessity tor r so providing tnat some bhould stand out. I There he woa, one of those who were stand ) ing out in' the happicxt mood jiofcublc. f mule be missed the presence of the gentle r men he had named, lie was glad to know \- that die present Government had in thu ? Legislative Council mi upublc a rcprucn \- tattve as the Hon. J. II. Gordon, mioUicr \- old colleague, one with whom \w dili'crcd i for a time politically, but who, he wus [ proud to say, never permitted political dif \- Icrcnces to inlcrfeie with private friendship t or personal rogurd— pcn-minl regard whii-h . for his own part he mo.sl heartily recipro . rated, a man qualified indeed to lend any r Miniftry ur to represent any Muiislxy ,- in the Council. So :il.'o with r; . pard to Mr. Foster, a m.-in who had un t doulitcdly won liix Ministerial fpuni | —(Mr. Wood — 'J5y' ? ) — his lov.il j allegiance lo party ami by work t inir hard in the Liberal cau.sr. j What ithould he my to hi* old rollcugui-, I the Leader of the Labour Party, the Hon. r Egertou Leo Batqhelar? It vm an honour i to South Australia thut Ihc sat there. }f j j one could have a more faithful colleague. 3 (Mr. Wood— 'lie could hnys got llicr? 1 under more honourable conditions.') 'llio : hon. member'* voice was the one disccrd.uit . note in tae general harmony. Mr. liai^lie i lor was tbeVnior member for West Adc t Oaidc. Three times h-id that member been i returned in thut proud position, and he w.is 1 happy to say that there had he-'n no rivalry j between them. The total votes in the thiv ; j contests were between 5,000 and 0,000, nad \- there had never been a difference of muvo t than 100 voteM between them, 'l'h.-it fhowrJ. that they hud worked together for ibe i.i . teresu of tnc district. 'Ihe defeat of t'.c \- Kingston Government was a matter -u ? which he was uot going to dwell, it »?.;?; I a great betrjyal of a great cause. T..ic \- cause was 'household suffrage, to which ijm Kingston Government were pledged on lao ( hustings, before the elector.-, and to mc:u . bers of Parliament, and they would liav: i vxluiuitted «U constitutional expedient* l » . that end. Hon. members well knew that ? tho*e constitutional expedients, so far .i- he could personally form an opinion on t.id . subject, would properly hav«s liecn resorted . to. had the occasion arifcu. II i« personal \- opinion twos that it would have been liicir . duty, if the Legislative Council had rejected household suffrage as it was sent up i.- \- them in the previous year, to have dusuki ?! t both Houses, and let the people say w!:..t s should be don j in the circumstances. Tiu. to his mind, was the lair intcrprtutiou or . what they said on the busting*. Not o:i!y i were they returned with a majority of hi--- porters pledged let that great reform, lu.i f 50,000 electors by their direct voles on ih-i r quo-Lion of the acceptance of tbc Hou--- l hold Suffrage bill told them where iIkl' r duly lay. ft was a 50 per cent, majority i as compared with the minority who Vinci t against it. It was a majority of 20 di» 5 triclx out of 27. It was a majoritv liiinir t rieally bi^er by 13,000 than uu lirsi iv.'.u \- for federal ion in South Australia, when i; b was Mid lh.it federation was trnimpiuiai/ I carried in this colony. It was very lni.it* i short of the total of the ulhrmativc a:i-i \- negative wuo on the first occasion voted -jii r the subject for ihc acceptance or rejivfiVi i of the I uirnnomrtallh BilL Hon. mu!!iiIhts t would rccuiiitl in that connection ihu \- every elfori iva.-- nudt to secure un clfocaii l t vote. A special day was set ap.irt for nu i purpose, and organa-ation-; worked for ihu » carrying of tin- iiill in -t way that feiv oi.i;.i i uizalioiiK worked lor the i-unyins -.d c houriehejd Miifragc. Further, liic majority ? by whicu hou.--chu!d suiirjge was carried in 5 South Australia was relatively much Lr.-cr \- than {.hat by which federation was carried ? in either ll»u:-t: un cither occasion in New ' South Wul.s, liie bcuior colony. It was alsj ? inhiiitcly larger lyluiivciy than the m;i ! jo;ity which curried federation suwc^i s fully iu I'uwiitlund. (Mr. llombuvg 1 '\ou are J'orgcitibp that they have ml/ ' manhood tuGi-igo there.'') 'ihat did i.-.ij ' u!iect_ the .qucviion (if the proportions i- 1 majority, lo his miud, it was impoiS-iii'.i: ' to overestimate the iiaportaiu-o of t!io 1 question of U'gioiaiivc .Council reloMii. 1 Sneer .md jilie at it as they might; hi, ? 'The- lltpistu ??' or any oilier uew*iuiH-r t say that it was of no importance. M.in ' striss had l'allcn, and if ever a Tory Mini ' *try pot wto powtr it would fnll «n tht? » question. Py the leaders on both tv\c- »i ? the House it was r---oi;nisod n* the (|uo'ti»n \- of the day. lie culled il the biiiiKiuji of \- the Upper Mouse into touch wrlh iin: ? popular v.-'wh. lion member* iihrIiI -ay s that lie viewed the question with a t- .- ? tnin ntnoiMit of prejudice -ni iiccount of ihij t treatment which In- vrntiii»d (o cnu-ilfr b i-opiilar tnrn-iii'Cs lmti wrongfully reefivrd t tit the hands of t'jp Upper l.'hainlior, li:;t ? for tlie purpose of Je:ii\iinji coiiMituticii.-.l j' lessons lot th*m consider what wat- the I position in the other ea'onici-. If Mr. ? Kcul had no! liail l!ie powor to briii^ t hh LpxiMntive ('niim-il inlo toii«-li iviih i!u f popujnr wlAi on ilie Hilijovr. di iisl-T.iliiiii f —which South Aiisli'.iliii did not pus.ir.s t federation would lie at mi end. Xcw sotuiv J Wales could not have had it. South Aiw f truiia must have been out of it. (.Mr. Jinr. t goyne— 'Ours are ia touch with it.'j Ye*, ; on iiccount of the geographical position. ? It wn-= the »»»e vhs* of nu-a vim /muliS 1 Mr. lleid in hit Lfxidiitivc Council v..k. \- mutilated and uia-s.vi cii popular mi-;i»»ivs \- ill t!i is culoiiy. J luu. iniuiliciK knew ih.a f the inoia-i etieet of .\Jr. Iteid's power \v,is ? not suliicicnl; he iiud t-i esi-iviv.- il lor !!iu t purpose of KcyuriitK to tin- pcopli' the oppor ? tunity of saying tviiUhcr or not they v\\-iiltl i have Ati.'lral.jin unity. U'ilhcul lh.iL J power. i\l::t!i .Soul !i Ausli alia ha.l imi, t Aublrnli.in national lii'c wouid be » tiling I ini|jos*iltlc lur years. What about i!io ; wsIct coioiiy nt Yii-torin as ivpirtU il \\\w i question of the I'lifinialiis'incnl of In r -? woiiu'i:? Twite |ns«|l hy the Hour.- .»f ? A-;s?mbly iiik! an i»lefti_ou intervening thi'ie 1 wan i:o ihmbl of lln? wi-ii of tliu peoplr -vi s the Mil-ji---t, the f till and been cant ow ' t.mpliiMU-ly into i!h- iv.itic-p.iiipr bask.?: .if I the C'ouucil, Hin! tlie injury hud bern iutm i Mflpd by the im»n--lr.'«i» infills In tlio pr.at I women who t--m-pur'iMl thai reform, 'linn i their eye* lo tin: Wi-l. when; they h-i-l a \- Council somewhat *imilurly fonotilnlfi lo , their own. Whut wax the ntHolut* -.-aus-- r-[ ? Western Australia Hiiiiidiii-; imi» T'io I LejiMative -.-nin«-il hml .-aid tfinl us rc:.i: dctl Au.-'rali.in union they would h.ivp iimm i of il. Thev wen* rcrl:*--«- -tf lhc pcojilo'i [ wi«i'i. Tlirir hand was ;i:-iw-.\s tin- (?'?-vlorul : mouth, lint Hip wish w.ik there. Give (lie : Western Australian people I heir rlumrp of I BjK-aUiiit; and Uicy wmilil not Jonp delay i in joininc the circle whirti w.-t.-. with*-, I In: I happy Fj'here of .A'Mlr.iHpn unity. W'i.i . ? lijid linpiM;iieil in WchlTn .\u«tr.ili.i nid i Viilori.i would hw happened jn y,.»w ? South WaW. and 'had hi'ttprnrri limr and , ofMiu in llii.= (vilony, and wouM h.ipiioii i atr.tin if Ihry ?! ir] no! in »\\\ suHicicnt liini: ? tnke «lpn-i (nice for all to iirevrn! il. 'M.'ilio ! ? t.lti* l^ri.slativ? Coum-il inbro ronrci-pnliitlvK i if': tlie |icople hiuI moro piwprfiil. Mijl»i.i* 'Ibe more /or goml ami have Icia of ''Sfc. ?'fl'irafter iiiey -liad cxpc-ripnreil in the pi«« s.lli.s o'fl friwul anil f.-ii-nrr tnilcattiip, ^ir. . l'layford, hud ai.!-:»tf|— WSiy pcnali/t' »-?': ; That raided a point on wliioh he wanted lo ? «iK'ak. and it was well lo speak plainly to : . tils rwoplc. Thpy iu Sout'i AutArnJi.i hid I 1 hardly ctinsidcrci what Choir r\institati.ini I . ( poirilion vrpr, and what mi'/hi to he donr in ? Ihc rase of deadlocks ar*:n? between IV» ' popular Hon.«e and -the rther brr.ndi of thi: : Tjcjislatarc. Mr. Pbyford lind said th.it tin? ? I/c,fislative Council could reject so Ion;.' .is ; their con^titucnln Lirkod ? them Tip. I'Sy might be ra as regarded power, hut not .n ? regarded right. Xo Upper Hmisc ficr jii-ily ? claimed ibo power tn iIoftMt ,uitl nr\ ;it i nonpht th-? publii- will when clearly r\ ? pressed, a.ml no Constitution was hjho'I'T i than ttois— tjiat whwi tlie twn I/oiit-rs JitTcr Jed the p*Kition was t-h.it Ihry vent ft-r ,i fresh mnndate frmn Kif people. CSle. ]If-m- linrg— 'What nbout IlmiiP Rulr?'- Th.it wn- the r.isc tlipre. Tlii» House of Lnr U rejected Home KiiIp. .and the Coninions went for a fresh tnancintr from Urn pr-^p'o and did not get it. The Cmini-il mi^it have tiie riplrt io ilriay. Tt. lvirt l'i»-n said that liho lions* of .WrniM/ solved the difficulty by a dis-u!utioii. (For remainder of Parliament see pi^e '-1 