THE POTTER'S DAUGHTER: A TALE OF THE TRENT VALLEY. By EDITH C. KENYON, Author of " The Mystery of the Old North Mine," " The Squire of Lonsdale," The Hand of His Brother," tc. CHAPTER XXIX. THE FINDING OP MARGERY. " AKD I'm more thankful to ycr, miss, than I can ever say for that ye've brought my' bit lassie home j again. And it's welcome ye are to a bite and sup wi' ns as long as ever J y er may please to stay," said Mopsy's father to Margery Westham, draw- ing his rough hand across his eyes. "Excuse me, miss," he continued, with something like a sob, " but it's just as if me jewel had been dragged through the mud anti mire. She's back again in the old home, thanks to yer, miss, but all her pretty color- ing's goue, and her golden hair, and her line health, anti the soft, pure innocence, which her mother gave her. Yet still she's my own, and I must make the best of her," he added lugubriously. "And I think, considering all she has been through, that Mopsy has kept remarkably pure and inno- cent," returned Margery. " I don't know one fanlt ; she has remained a praying, trusting Christian in the most unlikely circumstances. In my opinion she is a heroine. Mr. Bingley-one of God's heroines." "Do yer think so now really ?" he said, more cheerfully than he had yet spoken. " Wa- al, then I guess it's her mother's prayers that have, been the saving of her, lady. It's nothing else," and the hardy back- woodsman looked reverently up- ward. By and bye he went into the cot- tage, but Margery strolled away under the giant trees. She had brought Mopsy home to those who loved her, and had settled half her little income upon her for life. It would be ample provision for her in that simple primitive life in the woods. And now the question for her consideration was what she should do for herself. Should she remain there a lodger in Bingley's crowded cottage, spending her days in -those glorious wilds, or should she return to the haunts of civilisa- tion and take a situation-if she could get it:-as a governess? She sat down on tho trunk of a fallen tree to think over these two alternatives, quite unconscious of the pretty picture she made, with the sunshine resting on her beau- tiful fair hair and graceful form, and the delicate pink color of re tummt; health glowing in her cheeks. Two men coming along the wind- ing path through the wood seemed quite startled by the apparition. " By George, her she is Jack !" "Thank God, it issho !" Two men saw her, two men ut- tered exclamations, but only one advanced ; the other turned ott on a side path leading to the woodman's cottage. " Margery, my own darling !" cried John Westham, holding out both his hands. Margery looked at him ; then she forgot everything but the joy of seeing him again. " But, John," she said, when at last she released herself gently from his arms, "I thought-thought wo were parted for ever." " My darling, you thought wrong," began John. But Margery interrupted. "I've been trying to think what made me so certain about it," she said. " I feel so confused, you know"-she was blushing charmingly-" but I remember now. It was the sins the dreadful sins of my father and uncle." " Tho dreadful sins of my father and uncle," repeated John, with an emphasis on the pronoun. Margery looked at him. It was true. John as well as herself had received a heritage of shame. " I don't see why that should part us," he said, in his manly way. "There was evil, God knows dreadful evil. But He in His mercy saved us from being overcome by it. And now Ho will help us to overcome evil with good-in our case that will bo love. Love, Mar- gery, is the highestgoo'.l." * - ?.. " It is," said the girl softly, glan- cing up into his earnest eyes. " And ob, how wonderful it is that you love me in spite-in spite of " And how wonderful it is," ho in- terjected, "that you can love one who has been a dismissed servant of your-" " Oh, hush," she cried. " When 1 think of your being a servant in our house- your own house-while my father-" " Hush, dearest. It is not seemly that you should remember aught against your father." John's tones wero full of the gentlest, tenderest reproof. "Oh," cried Margery, a new thought rising to torment her. " But your mother, she thinks such dread- ful things of me. She will never consent-" "My mother I Oh, Margery, can yon bear the thought of marrying herson?" " Hush, John dear.it is not seemly that you should breathe a syllable against your mother." "Quite right. I am reproved. And after all what matters anything so long as we love one another?" What, indeed. Margery looked tire -words she could not speak, which told of love . unchangeable, unutterable,- complete, entire. There was silence for a few mo- menta as they stood there, hand in ' hand, and close together. The birds looked down upon them from the lofty trees. The breeze murmured in the branches. The sun was sink- ing low in the heavens. . . In the distance a man and a woman were coming slowly from the woodman's cottage. The woman, looking pale and worn, was carry- ing a puny, fragile child. She waa not talking to the gentleman, who was looking rather impatiently in the direction of his friend. He had nothing to say to the poor creature by his side, now that he had uttered kindly words of sympathy with her trouble and good-natured encourage- ment about her future life in those solitudes. She had nothing more to say to him now she had uttered her heartfelt thanks for all the kind- nesses he had shown her in England. Once they had been lovers. But the very ghost of their love was slain by a ruthless hand. Jan lay in his grave. His child was in Morsy's arms. Beckett was thinking of a picture ho would paint of that winding path under the giant trees, and won- dering whether or no he Bhould put in the fair and beautiful maiden and the handsome man advancing slowly to meet them. "But I could never do them jus- tice," he'said to himself. "They aro altogether too-too radiant. It will have to be a picture of still life." However, he changed his mind when he got them to sit for him, or rather to Btand there for him by the hour together. And that picture made his fame. Some have , thought that fame, is better than love. Is it? Margery and John Westham-the sixth John Westham, of Westham-hall, in tho Trent Valley, and tho owner of the Westham potteries in Hanley would have told you Nay. [Tine END.] 