JUG ION 0. Wi: havo sottled down onco again after our annual disnipntion, and tho littlo villngo has now nothing that would excito tho.populalian oraroiiBo our contented drlvellors into a stato bord-ring on excitrmont. But at tho raco mooting I noticed a very small attendance oC our own folk, and tho gathering was groally niado up of slranKors. On Saturday last our crickotora met a toam from l'toidy. Croek, and they succcoded in vanqiiiBhing'th'o Creolc iios — 10 runs boii:g tho extent of tho victory. Tho ' spioling' fraternity was greatly UN uviDuxei-: hero. on raco day ; country tr.ootinga now-a days aro com posed mostly of individuals o£ Iho monto'clasi-. As a result of 'Wednes- day's sport, .'William O'Donoghuo, a Bhaujjtr in these purls, was fined 10s or 21. hour3! for adjactively punctuat ing his Auelraliiiiiised English in a public placo. Joseph Moore, al-o a visitor, and un aorobat, was fined Is or imprisonment till tho court rising, for imbibing too freely of ambrosial' nectar. Tho former gentleman wont to '? quod,' being unablo'to raise the wherewithal to pay the fine. Mr. Frank Lloyd, J.P., adjudicated. Thursday was our usual Police Court day. here, and several eases woro .disposed of, Mr. 'WeekeB, P.M., presid ing. In tho Small Dnbta Court, Han nah Wilson sued Frank Bonrotlfor JC1 2s value of gooJs sold, ard got a ver dict for 22s, with 5s for witness' oxponses. . Our local Cde3li.1l vegot ablo. merchant, Ah Pinjr, withdrew his case against Jamos Dixo-, where in ho was sucing for £5 for damage done to ii s g.irden by trespassing pigs of .defendant's. James Perry was ap pointed baililF ot Iho Small Debts Court.- Two Police Court cases were dealt with, Bernard Groon being fined ?dOs or one month in Gundagai Gaol, for indecent exposure, and James j-'Vj' *'1 umiit} msuiiing 'language fwaa ordered to bo served with aVresh jaunaniona. John O'Brien, of Garangula, was granted a hawltor'a licence. Our popular beer-spiller, Mr Phil. O'Mara, is taking a run down to the "Big Smoke" this week for a holiday, when he will have a look at the Anniversary Handicap running, and also pick up any little wrinkles where- with to amuse the boys on his re- turn. . Tho littlo r.-iiu wo had hero during the past few days has put a slight shoot in the, grass, but o, couple of hot days will' s;on cut it down. What we .want.'now.'is about five inches/ thon we could roly on a good winter'. Tho registored rainfall up till to-day from Wednesday last, is 93 points. The river is very low, and wo want good'mountain rains to bliug it down a', banker.'' ' '-. Do you know that close by, us in a quiet littlo spot wo have a 'real ghost.' This mysterious spirit is said to perform wonderful, feats,' and has scared innuinerablbipouple who havo been' sceptical. , It haunts the abode of a resident, whoso better half treats ?itwith'fesp'oct,''bub tho strongor v'es sol.rasonts its inlorfereneo in tho fam ily; circle. i;But,I liopo 1 to tell you more of this in tho's.veo't'by- and-byof when I iuvcsligato for myself. Our tennis players aro threatening to get into' form' for; the purpose of me; lin'g:-'a toam fronVGunclagai in a ?fow vrceks''time. '--At present' tho courtis prass-grpwn^ but with a-'fBw. practices Iiekpect'to-seo 'our reps give' a moro^ than- good accduntvof them, selves in any match' they play!. ;& week or tworago' we''«ere paid.a visit by an or.-twl.ilo resident, Mr. P. Sheohan, -of Qur'onsland, ' after ari absence -of ovor'2S years. Ho was looking well arid hearty. Another old identity of hereabout'', Mr. F. .,T. Goodwin, now of Cookiin dinna, near Wagga^ia' ' holidaying' hero. Tho old vet. looks as gay as a two-yoar-old, and is as chock-full of road reminiscences of old cojehing days as a hive ia full of honey. ' Mr. Frank Lloyd, J.P., into'iids giv ing up the slori'keeping business hero and soltling down to farming at Bun daibo. . Wo, had a slight windstorm on Sun day, but nothing to compare nith the ' blow' we had a few months ago, when to much damage was done. 