LEXICOGRAPHY. THE LATEST TRIUMPH. WEBSTER’S DICTIONARY. QUITE UP TO DATE. By DR LEEPER. Webster’s Dictionary nas now been known to the English-speaking world for seventy years. Those years have been a time of unexampled progress in every department of research. In none* has there been more striking improvement than in lexicography. The portly “Inter national,” which is now becoming a fami liar object in many Melbourne house holds, presents the same kind of contrast to the original Webster as, say, tlie new est I*, and O. liner to . Captain Cook’s Endeavour. Webster lias passed through many editions since it was first brought out by subscription in 1S2S. Each edi tion has marked an important stage in bringing tlie work to that degree of per fection ' which has now been attained. The year 1859 witnessed a notable de velopment in lexicography. Webster i then appeared for the first time with pictorial illustrations. This new fea ture, due to American inventiveness, has now been adopted iu almost all the larger English dictionaries. Webster has gone on gaining steadily iu size, utility, and accuracy. The additions to our language within the last seventy years, owing to tlie growth of tlie arts and sciences, have been prodigious, but Webster’s drag-nut lias caught and seized the new terms almost as soon as born. Wo find iu its pages such recent crea tions as appendicitis, criminology, grip man. hexateucli, Pasteurize, megalo mania, radiograph, and that ugly word of Transittlantic origin, electrocute. How completely the aim of lexicography has altered within tills century! .Tolinson aud liis immediate successors held that technical and scientific terms had no claim to a place in a lexicon for general readers; but science lias so dominated tlie life, tlie thought, and the literature of to-day, that only a simpleton would at tempt to make or sell a dictionary which excluded technical terms. Indeed it is for these that nowadays we make most frequent resort to our dictionaries. A huge advance has been made within those seventy years iu the department of etymology. The dictionary first ap peared just five years before Bopp published liis epoch-mak ing comparative grammar. Till then comparative philology was in its infancy. Perhaps it would be truer to say that it was not even born. In those earlier days Voltaire’s sarcastic principle of derivation, that “the vowels count for uothing and the consonants for very little,” was practically, if not avowedly, accepted by scholars. But etymology can now almost be reckoned among the exact sciences. One of the first principles impressed to-day upon the young student of linguistics is that to a phonetic law there can be uo excep tion. The etymology of the new Web ster keeps pace with the times. It lias been most ably treated by distinguished experts in philology, including Professor Whitney, of Harvard, and Professor Pick, of Gottingen. No feature in a dictionary is more im portant than exactness of explanation; but, as Dr Johnson complains, there is a peculiar difficulty in interpreting lan guage by itself. No word precisely ex presses the idea of another, aud simple ideas often defy definition. Grimm's great German dictionary sometimes re sorts to the use of Latin aud other languages than German in striving after more accurate definition. Webster's 1 definitions of words belonging to | tlie various sciences have been prepared by eaiiuent experts, and are models of terseness and luci dity combined. Many of the defini tions given in dictionaries, and even in standard treatises, by specialists in philosophy and science are much worse than useless. What could be more fan tastically bewildering than Herbert Spencer's definition of life? “Life is tin: definite combination of heterogeneous changes, both simultaneous and suc cessive. in correspondence with external co-oxistcr-ces and sequences.” This is, indeed, to define “ignotum per ignotius.' Much more intelligible and “busi ness-like’ is Webster’s definition, “The potential principle or force by which the organs ol: animals and plants are started and continued in the performance of their several and co-operative func tions.” In the selection of literary authorities for the various uses of each word, Web ster is entirely satisfactory. The illus trative quotations are necessarily less numerous than in the larger dictionaries, such as the “Encyclopaedic,” and “Cen tury.” and “Richardson;” but they are adequate iu number and admirably chosen. A dictionary absolutely free from error may be pronounced au impossibility; but .it is perhaps net too much to say that all that human skill aud care could do to ensure correctness has been done in Webster. To test the care with which revision has been carried out in this latest edition, suppose we take some technical terms of English sport. Cricket is not an Ameri can game, and some little “weak ness in the field” of cricket would not have been surprising in an Ameri can book. Tlie slips in which we cateli (to keep the language of a cric-kety flav our) the earlier editions of AYebster would seem comical to a Melbourne schoolboy. “Leg.” for example, was ex plained as “to strike in the leg; used in cricket.” AA'icket-keoper, again, was de fined as “the player in cricket who stands with a bat to protect the wicket from the ball.” Longstop would hardly have recognised himself under the de scription of “one who is to stop balls sent a long distance.” I hasten to reas sure the Melbourne reader. All these terms have in tlie new AYebster defini tions which would satisy “Felix” or “Old Cricketer” himself. Errors like those instanced seem all the funnier, perhaps, because conscious jocularity seldom makes its way nowa days into a dictionary. The modern sci entific spirit would not tolerate such a thing. AA'ebster will not yield many jests. Of course this is quite as it should be, although the only thing in Johnson’s dic tionary that the world now remembers is its sarcasms. They have become a part of literature, and will be always relish ed. Everyone knows how Johnson de fined oafs as the food of horses in Eng land and of men in Scotland. Less fa miliar, perhaps, is Dr Guthrie's witty re tort, that this explained the superiority of the horses in England and of the men in Scotland. Equally well known is John son’s definition of “excise,” aud also the stir which it caused. Mr Murray (later Lord Mansfield), when consulted about it, wrote: “I am of opinion that it is a libel,” and tlie doctor omitted the more offensive words from bis next edition, under threat of prosecution. Iu tlie same edition, curiously enough, be inserted un * "Webster’s International Dictionary of the English Language,” being the authentic edition of Webster’s Unabridged Dictionary, compris ing the issues of ISfb, 1879, and 1881. Now thoroughly revised and enlarged under the supervision of Noah Porter, D.D., LL.D., of Yale University. AVith a voluminous appon dix. Published by G. and C. Merriam Co., 1898\. E. J. Forbes, general manager lor Aus tralasia, .8 Spring street, Sydney; and 578 Collins street^ Melbourne. der the word “alias” something still more personally offensive, giving as an illus tration “Mallet alias Mallocli.” an unkind sarcasm on a certain Mr Mallet, who had thus changed his name some years be fore. The famous “Patent rocket Die-1 tiouary” of James and Horace .Smith is the only dictionary that ever seriously set itself to be funny. "Witness its defini tion of “bait.” as "one animal impaled upon a hook in order to torture a second, for tne amusement of a third,” and "ca-, pers” as "a remedy for boiled mutton and low spirits,” and the suggestive cross-headings, such as “Beer. Small— See Water,” or “Blind, the—See Noth ing?” Who would expect anything de-l liberately jocose In a Greek lexicon? Yet the oft-quoted joke in Liddell and Scott, in which, tinder the word “sukopliaulo.s.” the derivation from “showing tigs” is dis missed by the editors as "a mere fig ment,” would seem to have been inten tional, as the word “figment” -was sub stituted for “invention,” which appeared in the earlier editions. Some years ago, when sending the late Dean Liddell a list of corrigenda in the sixth edition of the Lexicon, I drew liis attention to the pun. and in the seventh edition it disappeared. I have since felt a slight touch of re morse for having been the possible cause of extinguishing the solitary ray of hu mour which illumined those sombre pages.. The copiousness of Webster is marvel lous. It was the general opinion of schol ars of tlie time that Webster’s first edi fion was as groat an improvement upon Johnson for fulness of vocabulary as Johnson had been upon all who preceded him. "Webster's first edition contained more than 12,000 words not to be found in any similar work. Some thousands of words were added to the second edition, and in the issue of 1SU4 the editor could boast that the vocabulary consisted of upwards of 114,000 words. How vast a range over literature, and over tin; arts and sciences this implies may be partly apprehended when we remember that the ordinary vocabulary of the man in the street consists of about 1000 words, and that the whole vocabulary of Shake speare docs not exceed 10,000. I do not find in the present edition any precise statement: of the number of words con tained: but, reckoning the avemge for each column, with the number of pages, I should say that there cannot lie fat short of 140,000 separate words. The hook, of course, does not aim at being a Thesaurus or a “Lexicon totins Auglieit atis.” That place can only be tilled by Dr Murray's great work, winch, when com pleted. will be the greatest attempt at dictionary-making the world lias yet seen, unless possibly we except Grimm's German dictionary, still unfiuisbcd, though begun live years before Dr Mur ray's ; or that portentous work the great Dictionary of China, an English transla tion of which, it is estimated, would till 140 octavo volumes of a thousand pages cadi. But Dr Murray’s Historical Eng lish Dictionary will, when complete, oc cupy about ten massive volumes,and will cost from L25 to L30. It will be many years, also, before it reaches its goal. There are "scarcely four volumes yet fin ished, although it has already been mak ing its majestic progress for more than forty years, with about a thousand ex perts to help it along. It is clearly there fore a work only for the library or the scholar’s study. For the ordinary citizen, -indeed for the ordinary student," for tint office, l'or the Judge's Bench, for the journalist. "Webster meets and more than meets all requirements. Of necessity, some choice had to bo exercised, and "a number of words' had to be omitted, which might properly find a place in the mauy-volumed lexicons. Every word, however, which is sanctioned by the use of standard English writers is duly registered in Webster. It does not profess to bo an exhaustive vocabulary of slang, and it omits many words which have nothing tuoro to justify their exist ence than an occasional occurrence in obscure , authors of a remote period, or which are duo to a passing whim of a i writer, and have taken no real hold upon tlie language. For instance, that uncouth word "Discstablishmenlarianisiu,” said to bo the longest in the language, very properly receives no consideration from Webster, though it has beoir tolerated in a high-class English review. What are known as “ghost-words” have been rightly weeded out. even though they have been recognised in Johnson, and du tifully reproduced in later dictionaries. Gliost-words, perhaps it should be ex plained, are spurious words, generally originating in bad spelling or printer’s er rors. Ghost words are numerous in tlie old English dictionaries and glossaries. Even in Richardson some of these unlie: ensod intruders have found a footing. Former editions of Webster had harbour ed some of these words. “Pliaiitomiia tion” held its ground long, and was de fined as “an appearance as of a phan tom: Pope (obsolete and rare).” This curious formation was really due to tlie whim of an eccentric grammarian, who. in a work published some eighty years ago. treated as one the two "separate words “phantom nations.” which occur together in a line of Pope's Odyssey. “To all the phantom nations of the dead.” “Phantomuation” is now excluded from Webster; but it stands unblushing in such recent dictionaries as tlie Eut-yelo 1 paedic and the new edition of the ’ Im perial. The fact that the book has an Ameri can origin may prepare some people for eccentric spelling; but their apprehen sions would be groundless. When Am erican differs from English usage, tlie two forms are generally placed side by side; but tlie extravagances of Am erican phonetic spellers find no recognition. The sensitive reader need have no fear of being confronted with atrocities like “ar” for “are,” or “cum” for “come,” which make certain Trans-Atlantic publications, such as tlie proceedings of the American Philological Society, the most irritating printed matter that I know. In the difficult matter of prommeiation.on which there is necessarily so much difference of opinion, Webster will be found to lie generally in agreement with the usage ot the most cultivated English speech. The new issue is furnished with an Australasian supplement. The best fea tures of this are a dictionary of Austra lasian words, compiled and edited by :t gentleman well-known in Melbourne," Mr Josbua Lake, who has done Ills work admirably well, and lias eliosen the illus trative quotations with great judgment; and a very complete Australian Gazetteer by Mr F. J. Bromfield, The paper, binding and type leave no thing to be desired. Everything that American ingenuity could do to serve the convenience of the reader and to aid rapid reference has been done. Nothing can surpass the cleverness of tlie mechanical contrivance l’or the quick turning over of the pages. Beyond con troversy, it is for the beauty and number of its illustrations, for copiousness, for accuracy, for lucidity of. definition, the best one-volume English lexicon that lias yet been produced. That is not all. It is much more than a lexicon. With its ample gazetteer, its biographical dictionary, its register of all the notable persons and places in fiction, and its many other valuable lists and vocabula ries of names, it has grown into a great encyclopaedic treasury of general know ledge, a compendious library in itself, a sort of universal oracle. 