A SOUTH SEA. TRAGEDY. , THE .SEA GHOST MASSACRE. ' .HORRIBLE TALE OF BUTCHERY. ; '-":V SYDNEY, Tnesdny. Tlio steamei' Moresby arrived tins morning after a cruise through British Now Guinea i and New Britain. The Moresby has brought 1 news recnrilln,- Hie 81,11 Chest nnlssnhriV nnd punishment of the ringleader, t The- Sell Ghost, a . 10-ton cutter, wis m- Lcentlv chiirtereil for tho island trade, She was iu charge of Giiptiltu Kolshoni,- and tho other members of lier crew consisted of half a dozen natives recruited In Bismarck Archi pelago. The cutter sailed under German tricolor, and oil leaving lier'Uend quarters made for tlic German Solomon Islands. It wns at one of these Islands culled Bukn that the Sea Ghost lntiUC her first call, nnd she lmd hardly reached ':ln anchorage before there was nn attack on tlio ereiv by the shore natives. The natives, as usual, put oft from the snore in. canoes, but in his anxiety to keep tlio vessel clear of dangerous reefs the captain had not noticed tlint they wore swarming on honi'd the cutter. Captain Kolsltorn was descending the rigging when tlic altar!; was liuide. It was a complete surprise for him, and, being unarmed, lie had 110 possmle cliancc of defending lilitisolf. He fell mortally wounded 011 tlic deck, his bod1, so tlic story goes, being horribly butchered. Four uf the native crew made a desperate light, hut odds were considerably against tliem, nnd they were soon overcome. The other two natives, were taken prisoners, but they bv some nioiuis or other managed to escape. Meanwhile tile vessel had been run ashore, and having, been looted of every thing of value she . was subsequently - de stroyed, , The captain s body had. been thrown overboard,), and .the remains of four — native seamen were taken to the vlllngo for u Cannibalistic fekst. I The report ranched New Britain In due of Judge belinec, visited tlic sccuc, anil. suc ceeded lu capturing the native who was a ringleader In the attack 011 the Unfortunate crew of the cutter. He wns duly tried at Hurbcrtshohc before Judge bcluiee, nud con demned to be hanged. Tlie execution was expected to take place shortly after tlio Moresby left for Sydney. . Another Item df news brought by the Moresby wns the destruction by fire of a. store, containing 80 tons of copra at Short- land Island. Tiie store, which was owned by Mr. Tiiidall, is supposed to bnvo bceu set 011 fire b.v nativCij. Inquiries were being ninde with tlie view of bringing the culprits to justice, 