DArM ARIS. He had just moved into his new lodg ings and had endeavored to make the bare, cheerless room a little more home like, but, though the photographs were scattered about. his pipe-rack nailed over the mantel shelf, surmounted by a :eat and effective border of unpaid bills, sundry writs and County Court notices, he was yet unsatisfied with the general effect Of course, there was a vast difference between the luxurious quarters in Mur Tay Hill. which he had just vacated, and these small, stifling rooms with their bersehalr furniture, but he was some w-hat of a philosopher, and his motto was to go with the tide. This time, however, the current had 'een too strong, and he found himself at last s:randed, with an allowance of I?200 a year, the last remnant of the 'handsome fortune that had once been Zlis. The fault was entirely his own. He frankly admitted it, though most men wouhd have laid the blame on the woman ,who was the primary cause of it all, but he did not condemn her. He also had been to blame. She was poor. and he had made love to her under false colors- had led her to believe he 'was a poor Government clerk at a sal ary of L1Z0 a year. His object at first A-ad been purely for his own amusement, but she was not the kind of woman fit ted to be a man's plaything, and the -ame had ended in deadly earnest. Therefore, it .-as with some trepida 'tion that he had written, confessing that ;which he had concealed from her. He. &was.searcely; prepared. however;', for the '-urt reply that came:."I am going away -to-da3. Good-bye." . .Mechanically he opened the drawer of The writing table at which he stood. It "was full of papers and little womanly trifles, evidently the property 'of the for aner occupant of the room. Unconscious ly he commenced to read the paper in his hand-the writing was blurred and ir regular, as though written by some one in ilI-health: "Dear, why do I think of you to-day? It seems as though you must be near, or is it because it is spring time and my -room is full of yellow daffodils. I am ,writing a letter to you, one that you will never receive-for all I know you may be dead, or, even married. It does not seem -so long since we met, though I know it is years ago. I wonder if you ,would be glad to'know that I to-day am thiinking of you; that out of the desolate gray comes a vague, sweet dream that brings you near to me. To-morrow it will ??e winter again-winter in my heart and I shall tear up this letter; but to-day -the dreariness has faded. There is no touch of scorn to freeze my heart, no .kisses cold as death to chill my lips-no silence that aches round me with its 'worldless pain ..... I hear the whis -per of.spring that breathes of hope; I feel the touch, of clinging hands-your .halr against my cheek. Dear, whom I anight not know were I to meet you now, do you doubt my love, that you. let me go out of your life without a word or a sign that you cared-" Here the writing terminated abruptly. 'The reader stood as in a dream, staring straight before him into the dingy street. T.er handwriting! 'It was as though a. ghost had risen to confront him. Aknock at the door aroused him from h?is stupor, and the landlady bustled In ,with the tea tray; her quick eyes caught sight of the-open drawer. "Good laws, I meant to clear that out, sir!" she ex clalmed. "but the poor young lady being -ut of my head." "Is-is she dead?" he faltered. A dead ly fear had taken possession of him; his face paled to ashen hue. "Lor', no, leastaways not yet," said the good woman, cheerfully. "I went to see her last week at the 'orspital. but the doctor don't give any hope of her gettin' better." As she spoke she swept the contents of the drawer Into her apron,and he winced at the sight-to him it seemed like dese Lration, and his hand closed convulsively vn the letter he.held. "Whieh hospital was she taken to?" he asked, steadying his voice with an ef .-ort. "The one just around in the square, sir," answered the woman. Then, in hurried apology: "You'll be wantin' your tea, sir; you look tired." As the door closed on her portly form he dropped his head in his hands. "Good G*od:" he groaned, "a whole week has ?assed: she may be dead." It was visiting day at the hospital; the ward n.as, bright with spring flowers, aind brighter faces lit up by that pathe -tic, wistful expectancy characteristic of the sick ' There ivis' an eager hum of -'okees, too, hushed oedasionally by an -admonishing,. word -from. the nurse In charge. In the same ward. ralled off by a curtained screen from the other pa tients. lay a girl asleep. No visltor ever came for her save the doctor, and some times the woman from where she had -nce lodged, but the nurse, in kindly :sympathy, had placed a bowl of fresh daffodlls where her tired eyes could see them on awakening. The doctor gave no lope of the patient's recovery, and so, with womanly pity, she tried to make the girl's last days as happy as possible. .Before the afternoon was half over, a gentleman called, and asked to see No. 20\. "She is not expected to live," said the nurse, studying the white, anxious lace before her. "Are you a friend? She .has no relatives, I think." "Yes--a friend. That is, I knew her .ears ago," he said, hesitatingly. "Per "aps you had better break it to her first; it might startle her." As the nurse went back the girl opened 'her great brown eyes, her ears ca~ught the sound of merry laughter, and her fate wandered to the daffodils: a ionging look crept into her eyes. "Who brought me the flowers, nurse?" she nsked in a kind of breathless wonder, and a sudden idea took possession of the -anurse. "A gentleman; a friend who knew you years ago," she replied. A aleep flush dyed the girl's white cheeks. Is he here?" she said eagerly, and the white, wasted hands opened and closed convulsively. ?Yes, dear, and if you'll promise not to -excite yourself you shall see him for a few minutes," said the nurse, soothing ly,. and forthwith ushered in the visl ,tor. 'VIth a stifled cry he fell on hisknees by the bed. "Damaris!" he said, and the girl touched his rough curls. "You have come back." she whispered, with half incredulous joy. The nurse dropped the curtain and left them together. "I knew you would come when I saw the daffodils," she went on, with a. tre 'nor-of eagernass. "Don't you remem -er, dear, how we met in the time of ldaffodils, and how happy we were?" He took the little trembling hands =rnd kissed them passionately. "You didn't receive my letter that I wrote six years ago, asking you to marry me and telling how I had deceived you," he said. *Did you deceive me? It doesn't mat 'er," she smiled: "nothing matters now you have come back to me." He kissed the small white face. "You rlill get better, Damaris," he pleaded, 'for my sake, sweetheart, though God imows I don't deserve it." She took his face in her two hands. *"How could I die and leave you all alone?" she asked pathetically. Thus after many years they took up the severed thread of their lives, and love, "who will not be denied," smoth ed out the tangle, and wove in its stead his golden mesh.-"Buffalo News." 