Without PfejBfllcB. RUMOURS were rife in Melbourne, yesterday of the impending arrest of a very prominent legal magnate. , * * * NEW South Wales Attorney-General Jack Want has sold his library. One of the most prominent features in his collection is a bound copy of his own anti- Federal speeches. ? - m ' . * ? # MKX.INITK, the explosive,about which the French are so jubilant, and which both army and navy have adopted, is said to be puric acid, mixed with gun cotton, dissolved in ether. . * '# JAMES Hartley collapsed on the operating table.at the Alfred Hospital a few days ago, while under the influence of chloroform. . The- list of deaths annually from this source in our public hospitals is rather formidable. And yet the result of each inquiry continues to be stereotyped- death from the administration of chloroform, " properly adminisT tered." * . * NEW South Wales and Sojith Australia are losing no time in connection with the latest development of the Federal question. They are both calling their Parliaments together, the latter to deal specifically with the Premiers'resolutions, the former for the despatch, ostensibly, .of "public business," but virtually in the interests of Federation-Fe deration pure and simple. * ' * . SJLNBBXNQHAM bids fair tb be wiped oat of exist ence by typhoid fever, which has just broken out in the popular seaside suburb. The Hoard of Health has just received a report from the local Nonstable upon the outbreak, from the effects of which that august body are now endeavouring, to recover. This is the way he concludes the sensational official document-"The cases are too numerous to parr ticularise!" . . * # DK. Hodgson, of Sydney, is surely the most in veterate alarmist of our days. He unhesitatingly declares that " eight out of every ten Australians exhibit the,most pronounced diagnostic feature of diabetes." This Sydney scientist sa.vs the predis posing causes are an insufficiency of flesh meat and a supetfluity of fruit and farinaceous food, Such a medical pronouncement at once revolutionises all preconceived theories on the use of animal and vegetable diets. As diabetes will polish most fellows off in a Bix months' innings, there would be no pos sible chance of a statutory vote for Federation six months' hence, if the old principle of a minimum were to be adhered to. # # * Ma. Uillson, of Trades Hall repute, is far from being satisfied with one of the creatures of labour's creation. He said at the counoil meeting a night or two ago that the Chief Secretary " was prepared to act the gentleman towards them when they were in his presence, and then turned round and shook hands with the man who was against them !". This may not be a very elegant way of putting it, but it is definite and precise, and brimming over " with finality. If Mr, Peacock believes in the Trades Hall what right has he to be friendly with anyone who has incurred the disfavor of that august body? Has Trenwith's experience at Broken Hill a few years ago had no educating influence on the Chief Secretary. # # # FROM a man like Justice Hodges, credited with enjoying his "pleasant Sunday afternoons," we would expeot more consideration towards his fellow men on ordinary week-day evenings. liallarat is loud in its complaints over the prolonged sittings of the Criminal Court, presided over by this incorrig ible, worker. His Honor starts at ten, sometimes half an hour earlier, and "plugs away" until seven o'clock ,iri the evening-leaving off wheu a witness .has been overcome by illness, the result of heat and prolonged attention. The victims of judicial zeal at Ballarat are beginning to think that the pro visions, of the oight hours' principle should be rigorously applied to the exponents of the law'B administration. * * * _ AoooniJTNa to Now York Toivn Topic*, the mystery of the blowing up of the Maine is about to be eluci dated. , The perpetrator of this awful crime is a citizen of the United States. He was employed to bring about trouble between the United States and Spain by persons interested in the commercial spoils of a war. He went to Havana and arranged for the launching of a torpedo that was to strik« a small vessel lying between the Maine and the Alfonso XII. and so give the Americans an impression that the Spaniards had attempted to blow up the Maine. It unfortunately struck the American man-o^'-war. The Treasury Department knows all about the man and has detectives on his track in Canada, where he is believed to be in hiding. * .« * MB. McCulloch, the Victorian Minister of Defence, wishing to extend the four days of the Easter encampment to six, applied to the Treasurer las.t Monday for the most essential element in the varied range of war's munitions, the extra expense for the ? two days of the proposed extension. Sir George Turner declined, from economcial motives, to incur any additional expense. The pacific relations that now smile across the English channel hav.ing had, no doubt, due influence on this decision. Our military ardour must therefore be restrained a little longer. Another good season, anbthar successful harvest, and a few paltry pounds will not stand in the way of our military ambition and enthusiasm, as far as throwing in two more days to crown the apex of our broadening experience. * Mb. A. Peacock received some rough usage at the hands of the incensed Trades- hall a few nights ago. The theme was Mr. Peacock's allusion to the permit system at the mayoral luncheon last week. In re viewing his conduct, Mr. Morris observed that " a man who cut things so fine as to pay a man a penny for five minutes' work should not bo too ready to cast slurs upon the Council." Mr. Morris intended to be severe. The next time, however, that he tries his hand at satire let him turn his attention to the female pupil teachers in Mr. Peacock's department, where the remuneration, in hundreds of cases.barely exceeds six shillings a week-out of which they have to support themselves. Here is an opportunity, not wholly devoid of pathetic elements, where he can have a dig at the Victorian Chief Seoretary to some -purpose. He should not waste his ammunition reck So much has the equilibrium of Sydney been dis turbed by the political action which lost th^m the oapitalship of Federated Australia' that reason has taken to itself wings and left imagination in sole possession for a season. The fertility of the latter may be judged when it becomes known that she credits Archbishop Saumarez Smith and Cardinal Moran with a desire to transfer their respective seats of episcopal government to Melbourne-the temporary home .of the Federal Government. The absurdity of the change is so ridiculous that itbearB its own refutation in its face. "What would Arch bishop Carr And Bishop Goe have to say to this? prelates who are as independent of the Sydney authorities as is Dr. JBeven, or Professor Rentoul ! Trifles suoh as this indicate, however, the anomalous condition of public thought at present prevailing in Sydney. THE Federal enthusiasm is responsible for many an extravagance, but surely no more inconceivable | illustration of lunacy has yet been published than the recklessness with which Mr. L. A. Samuelofl. his money about in South Africa. He heard f® result of the meeting of Premiers and fortt, . cabled the outcome of his delirium thus un ... iimui inug "W|" gratulations, success Federation." And to" i°!' was this cablegram addressed f To the i> Honorable the Premier ? To his Excelln^'?fl Governor ? To Her Majesty the Queen n* t prospect of extended empire P Or to the n«.« freorge Reid ? To neither. The cable-S^ Addressed to a greater potentate than either in»' eyes at least of Mr. Samuels. It was address!/? Councillor Harlcness, Mayor of Bendigot mi Councillor Harkness should be eongratawj?' probably as much a mystery to himself as it' ? every man acknowledged to be sane in this' munity. The Mayor of Ballarat seems to be enlX ignored, and yet Ballarat was the City of few short weeks ago. ' * # # MEN are generally solicitous of avoiding close intimacy with the cells of Her Majesty's Alfred Howlett scorns to be in the fashion, ho Alfred is assistant secretary and caretaker " Royal Society, and in his strenuous efforts to LI a lodgment at the expense of the State hia perience is unique. A few weeks ago a man nam Wilson, who sported half-a-dozen aliases, was cot emitted for trial for attempting to swindle over-confiding country visitor. He was bailed c by the Royal Society representative. On offeri himself he was refused by the police. Mr. Panto however, subsequently yielded to his pathetic t! treaties, after having satisfied himself that 7" was a man of srofflcient substance for the occasia The accused levanted, arid his bondsman -was calls upon to liquidate in vain. He has now taken upli residence in the Melbourne gaol, where hni ordered to rcni un until the laRt penny of hia® bail bond has been natUfied. The Royal Socieli Hall is likely to remain unswept until long after6 close of the nineteenth oentury, * # # The Board appointed by Sir George Turner I inquire into the,anomalies of the Victorian 1'nlE Service ia making very slow progress, conaeqtic it ia generally believed, quite as much on fi knowledge that the Ministry is not arxioua to da with their request this year, as to the fact that It members of the Board have their own worktontta to first. The hope of the public servants is thatti officers doing work above their present class will! promoted to the pay and honour of the h:gi> grade. The intention of the Government is toraiseti standard of the grades, so as to have as few increj? of salary as possible. There is some ."justification I the policy of the Government, as when the sens was classified over ten years ago the duties wht a number of long pervice officers wore doing w; classified to justify the salaries they received ratfc than the real value of the work they actually (' The difficulty is not only to discriminate fairly, I; to provide for those offioers whose salaries are at higher than their duties are valued at under I: proposed new classification. By waiting anolt year many of these can be pensioned off. * * * Thb Victorian Postmaster-general, Mr. J. G. Da! ia an adept in the art of special pleading, hut asi old County Court practioner, where, as an Euglt judge once said, logic is more essential than fact»: arguing a case, he must have felt uneasy at l! audacity of hia defence of the shortcomings oft1. Postal department. True, he was addressing t! staff and their friends or relations, b\ifc as ther porters were included in the invitations to thepict Mr. Duffy ought to have been more cautious, t argued that the Victorian Postal department ww efficient as the service in any other country he n[ visited during his recent trip round the woii because complaints against postal ndrainistra!| wore " common enough in all lands," W may he, for an Mr. Duffy says, perfects has not been reached anywhere. But hoca^ for instance, a club man complains that '? dinners served by the club'a ohef are not up to mark, it does net follow that the cooking of a i penny restaurant is just as good, though ? customer does not oompiain as noisily as thocluon Take Mr, Duffy's own standard, and oorapnw average of errors in the Victorian postal depart®'' with those pointed out by Mr. Hennikor regard to.the JSnglish postal servieo, anditwii seen how much more, costly and inelVootive Viutorian system is, * # * OWING to the strainod relations existing M'* the high ( ffloial authoritiea in Samoa an °oc»>^ hardship inflicted upon individual faotorao voloanio community. Of this a woalthy ,;| resident bears bleeding testimony, '.L'ho_ver tinted opeiation, however,is purely j not the lens exasperatinsr to the German vio; . E; A, Qrevsind I, incited l>y a wild burst ot r sible loyalty at the successful iseno or ( diplomacy, as reprenentod by his oount.ry embarked on a wil,<l burst, of unrestrained u . ,ness lasting ovor several days. In '"8 -rr-T, Apia red, and wound up by de Tbil»"ty h0 P^ indoWg of the Court-house. He was polishing: the ^ tune of 100 dollars,and sentenced arrested, bled t The President of the to 10° P-i called however to the gabl, repre Ma?pdPh mselt as the acting Chief Justice, and BPi)tedI turns soner. He was again arrested and liberated th p^ before fche German Consul, who hrnught tb, ^ bound him over to keep the Poor Grevsmtthl has found out that what ever party is in power the lot of the transgressor is -hard in Saino*. # . ' . ? . 1 «A POOR Bank Clerk " writes, to a morning co« S, *-PW to air a legitimate grievances not entirely ,;jtouipo y hetic. For niOQ y.eara ho has been; I aorvioe of one of the reconstructed banks and IfindS hSf now, at the age of 27v in receipt of the Ciiflr-ent wages -the word is used advisably in Whence to 'salary'-of ,C 100 per annum ! During ''nine years servitude he has drawn .£660 and. spent '.j£t the rate of 480 a yearfor board clothing and et 4 teteras thus coming out .£60 to the bad. An instance Hof this sort is more than personal. It essentially ?'^affects the moral standard of the community. . How w0 expecta man to be self-reliant and respectable Ion such a remuneration as this P And, above all, b, ow 7ean we hope that he shall remain honest under the 'Irvine temptations and .the pitiful condition of his ^surroundings ? The Government is relenting, private .'employers of labour are becoming more liberal, "public companies generally are grown more con siderate; but the banks alone give indication that <i'they have not yet practically realized the effects of -the much vaunted signs of improvement, although 'the rate of interest on overdafts is charged, ,VI" according to the financial positipn of the customer." I . * - * * ? , ;i The name which is to grace the. capital of ^'federated Australia still continues to monopolise finore than its legitimate share of visionary enter prise. A contributor to a morning paper appears to 'be freighted with a miscellaneous cargo of confused '"',ideas and antiquated loyalty. Ho suggests that /?'the federal capital should be named Guelph as a ^tribute of loyalty to the royal lady whose family iname it was long supposed to be. Only a few weeks ' :ago, however, the world was electrified by the an ','ncuncenient that if Her Majesty were deprived of ?>hor titles to-morrow by some unexpected social .//upheaval, she would be plain Mrs. Wetten, not Mrs. ||Guelph, as was supposed. Now, neither Wetten nor A&uelph; is a name that will commend itself .to '^patriotic Australians as of suitable nomenclature for .$<kthe future imperial city of the south. Neither will <i^lend itself to song; and the half-million poetasters S'who hrowso on the Australian Parnassus would be ijinmatos of lunatic asylums in six months in their ,{futile endeavours to rhyme with Wetten or even ^Guelph. Not a word in the long range of. slangless ^literature will rhyme with the former,- while the fatter exhausts the whole resourses of assonanoo |with " self," " elf." and " pelf," the only legitimate Jrbyme it can command being " delph." And what a ^suggestive rhyme even to. a poet J i . * * # '. The English papers are making merry just now at , 'jjthe expense of Queensland. Queensland is evidently ^suspected of having no serious intention of joining ?^the Federal Union, and the British nation is taking tadvantago of the weakness of her isolated position '^to malco free with her accordingly. If she were about /to become an integral factor of the great Australian 'ijCommonwealth no nation would dare to laugh at 'i her. As it is, she has only herself to thank for being .'ijpmde the subject of such an unpardonable .innsroproBentation as the following. Allusion '"fi8 'lido to the dearth of water in Queens land, and the scarcity of baths, to say nothing of arohitocture in thoir construction. The libellous statement goes on to say : " Two ladies had i|traveuod to a remote station, and arrived hot, tired, dusty. The mistress of the house happening to 0 master good-natuiedly asked them if gtney would like a bath. They were only too glad. 10iu'me one was sbown into the bath-room, lllv £0j.i re waa on1y a shower. When randy for Wn i a^°. *oo'{0d vainly around for the string, Hv iVna K^zing ahoub her in perplexity when she gpeard a gruff voice overhead exclaim:-'A little Ji« 0^.Q J'be left, mum, or I'll miss you,' and the tflod "neatly ovor',urnetl stifled her shriek as she % * # iiNnn Parkes, the Postmaster-General of Simifnnf- D^f,aleR» is already beginning to give Inlnm!'011* entire absence of the vertebral ihim tv' expeofced, the churches came down upon fin£.m!?.»pr?p08JnK fco desecrate the Sabbath. They fennfii tu } , ^ influential deputation that New iiofnri'nf cGa bad aZroadi/ acquired "an unenviable IVurnnv i ? di8bonouring the Sabbath." Poor Ewith iwi ° 19 a na^ve» and consequently imbued faatnnrwirii0^ H10nse, °f reverence and patriotism, was Lhiv f°n hearing of his country's renown in the | profanity. Ilo never opined before that they_were more distinguished than their neighbours in this connection. The disclopure came BO un expectedly that the son of the patriot and consistent statesman, Sir Henry Parkes, began to waver under the awe-inspiring influence of outraged divinity, rle who hesitates is lost. Varney Parkes' scheme for the improvement of the postal system of the mother colony is therefore doomed. Not because toe churches'oppose, but because his colleagues will not support. They would willingly "violate the sanctity3' of the Sabbath, as long as it does not abbreviate the golden term of their political ser vitude. This is the religious shoe that pinches! * * * MR. O'Connor, the postmaster at Wodonga and Mr- .Konme, the State school teacher, are neighbors. To judge by the evidence, adduced in a charge pwjferrpd^ by the latter against the former, public servants in country towns fill up their spare hours, of which th.ey have a reasonable share, in a novel and vivacious manner. A regular fusilade of missiles would appear to be kept up at night on the roof of t"he teacher's residence, which came from the post office yard, as alleged. The postmaster's chicken^, supposed to be a Capon, was killed by the teacher's mastiff, and. consigned by post a few days later to the original owner. Then a ghost nightly walked the post office back premises, dressed in the orthodox sheet, and played a hose upon the unfortu ? nate pedagogue if he walked in his own garden after academic hours. Clods of earth were the ordinary medium of salutations whenever " the schoolmaster was abroad" in his own domain. Flesh and blood could stand it no longer, and an investigation was ordered at the instance of the teacher, when, strange to say, an Inspector of the Education Department was deputed to inquire into the conduct of the post office official. For nine hours did the investigation last, and until the result is known a truce has been proclaimed, and all hostilities have ceased. This is how Government offloials in the country are said to amuse themselves! '» # * ACCORDING to the committee of the Melbourne Women's Hospital their institution is suffering1 from misrepresentation by the collectors of the Queen Victoria Hospital for women. Mrs. Shields stated at last meeting that the older institution lost much money through these "misrepresentations." Is not the word spoken, on this occasion, somewhat in advisedly? Surely the committee of ladies did not intend to convey the impression that the Queen Victoria Hospital collectors misled __the charitable by falsely representing they ^er exacting on behalf of the Women's Hospital ? There-oan be>.no doubt whatever that the accusatjon^ levelled.'..at the collectors is wholly without 'foundation;? and that the mistake arises from a ;taiscon'o3ption on the part of the donors, to which th"^ collkctors-haye not contributed. Under, the citfiujijstanpes th.6 moral impeachment is regrettable. !Ho^ candihe collectors be expected to accentuate thev faqt every; door that the Queen "Victoria HospitalUa not'tfche/great original institution known as tV "^Voiien's Hos pital." They ask for a donation^trf th^/Queen Victoria Hospital-and are mistalcenby" people who have not time to think, in their wild impetuous desire to give their mite to the most deserving institution, and the most ill-used, in the Southern hemisphere. * * # FitEDKniOK Tregaski, who was brought up for sentence before Judge Hamilton in the Criminal Court on Tuesday, made himself quite at home on the occasion, for whioh his previous and varied ex perience before that grave tribunal was some justification. Fred was under repairs at the time, his face being literally held to gether with sfciolcing-plaster. He was found in a glorious state of dreamy unconsciousness within the saored precincts of a South Yarra church, and was convicted of sacrilege, evidently committed while under the influence, of what Dick Swiveller would-call the " rosy." He refused to tell his age or oooupation, and the learned judge admitted all lack of legal authority to enable him to extract the desired information. " You have pleaded guilty to receiving goods stolen from Trinity Church," re marked His Honor in a uiild explanatory tone, and you have been previously pouvioted of receiving stolen goods-" " That's quite right," interrupted this logical disciplev of Jevon, "that's qi^ite right j I have to receive before I can sell." " You have been given throe years' imprisonment before," remarked His Honor after a pause, during whioh he was mentally formulating the suggested syllogism, " you have been given three years' imprisonment before for a similar offence." Quite right, quite right! If I had you outside I'd sell you too, quick," observed this ardent disoiple in human trafflo, to the amaze ment of his proposed viotim. " The sentence is three years' imprisonment with hard labour," con cluded His Honor, with a sigh of relief that he had at least three yearn' exemption from the deadly perils of the resuscitated slave market. 