Various VieWs. The Assembly election which eventuated last Saturday, cannot but be regarded as extremely satisfactory. Many people expected that the Kingston Government would emerge from the fray with a stronger following of obedient supporters than they controlled in the last Parliament, but it looks almost certain, at time ef writing, that the ranks of the Opposition will be considerably strengthened. When the polling for the city and suburbs became known, there proved to be an almost unbroken succession of victories for the •Government, but the voice of the country districts told a very different tale. In many cases, supporters of the Ministerial policy were defeated quite unexpectedly. "With proper leadership there is every prospect of the Opposition presenting a formidable front in the new Parlament. This is certainly eminently satisfactory. Archbishop O'Reilly, who foolishly attempted to make the capitation grant a big question at the elections just contested, has learnt a lesson, and it is to be hoped he will profit by it. His nominee, Denny, was defeated, despite the fact that West Adelaide is the most favorable constituency for fighting such a question, and despite the fact that over 1,000 plumpers were recorded for him. The Archbishop now announces that he will continue to fight for his grant for R.C. schools, but if he has any sense, he will let the matter drop. We want no more of the petty sectarian feeling that has been shown of late by priests and parsons. Surely the Archbishop now realises that the mass of the people are against him, not because of any dislike for the R.C. Church and its priests, who are a noble body of men, but because the people are firmly determined to maintain the absolutely unsectarian basis upon which our national system of education is founded. Taking it all in all, Premier Kingston will meet the new Parliament with far less prospect than hitherto of successfully playing his game of absolute autocrat. The temper of the country is decidedly against the sweeping measures of reform preached so assiduously by city "democrats," and the provincial representatives should considerably leaven the city and suburban members. If the Opposition has the sense to select a leader who can command the undivided support of those "who have pronounced themselves opponents of socialistic legislation, there is every prospect of a solid Conservative parlv in the new House. The man fitted in every respect for the leadership of the Opposition party is John Darling, jr., and it seems to be almost a foregone conclusion that the session commencing in June will see him in the responsible position of leader of the Opposition. * * * From what THE CRITIC hears, the report of the Vic. re-classification Board will be a sensation. Premier Turner passed the question of anomalies in the status of the Public Service employees on to this Board, in the hope that it would find the question too big to do much with. The Board, "however, went right into the subject, beginning the investigation at the bottom of a department, and working up, dealing last with the permanent head. The result was that each officer magnified his own work, and belittled the man above him. So that when the Board took a senior in hand they knew all about him from the juniors. The report will be very different from the Argus forecast, and will, if anything, indicate retrenchment, rather than an increase in cost. The enquiry has been, first, as to the necessity for each official's work, next as to its value, governed by outside rates, and last its classification—the work, not the -official, being classified. The Board finds the average salary valuation of the Service much too high in all branches, except the professional. The pay in the mechanical branches is much higher than that obtaining outside, and the report will recommend an all-round reduction in classification, and the assimilation of all salaries and wages to outside rates. Owing to this, the removal of the "acting" will not often carry promotion. In some cases where an officer is confirmed in his acting appointment, the grading will be lowered. The recommendations abolish all artificial distinctions in branches, making the status run right through, as in the mail branch, where it is proposed to wipe out the many distinctions between the superintendent and the porters, and make them all mail officers at varying duties and varying salaries. Where men are in inferior positions at superior wages, and are unable to make a change of duties in keeping with their salaries, they will have to accept a lower screw. The day the report comes out the Board are going to make a break for Honolulu! * * * COUPLETS ON THE CONTEST. Tussle and turmoil, and wear and tear! Issue of all of it—as you were. How gen'rous of the Premier, very ! . To say, "the hatchet now we'll bury." If Kingston had been dished by Denny, The cats had squealed as at Kilkenny. Well done, Paddy Glynn! Ev'ry one's glad you're in. • ' • • Alas for the rooster! Encounter Bay's tally Has snatched off the crown from the comb of O'Malley. Two diverse eggs, the Burra hen Has laid—lean Fred and burly Ben. He uttered the note of the dying swan; Barossa in pity said, "Poor Sir John, Tour singing is charming, sing on, sing on!" Pick and choose, Victoria, quick! But she didn't choose a Pick. The Speaker's high installed upon the polls, And Light still generates its gas from Coles. At Hourigan the women smiled, And temp'rance votes upon him piled. A little more action, and one more jerk, And Johnson bad sat by the side of Sclierck. Catt was weakly, fearing Dail(e)y. Now he walks erect and gaily. • * * This best becomes • O'Reilly—wounds to staunch, And flourish, in his hands, an olive branch. —OTTTIS. # # * The Mayoral "casting vote" saved the Broken Hill Council officials last week from suffering the terrors of a "Black Thursday." The Labor party at the last meeting attempted to "sweep" the Council of a number of its officers: Aldermanic opinion all the way through was six to six, then the Mayor gave his decision in favor of keeping things more or less as they were, and the ; sum- total of the evening's business was a slight reduction in the librarian's salary. # * * The "blue-riband democrat" Kingston, has really little to rejoice over in his "defeat of Denny. The younger candidate had to fight against Kingston's position as a federal leader, the dread of the capitation grant, and a hankering for the little suffrage toy, which were all elements in the sacred cause of Kingston. Considering, therefore, how cunningly the Premier played to the people, it must be taken as an indication of a considerable loss of confidence that he did not succeed in beating his rival, who was on the unpopular side, by a much larger majority. N.S.W. Premier Reid, like the Kingston party, is desperately hard up for legal support. He has a few solicitors on his side (in N.S.W. there is a broad line drawn between the two branches of the profession), but not a single front rank barrister. Wise belongs to the freetrade side, but he shares with his old leade~, the departed Parkes, a very low opinion of Reid. "Fluent as a water- spout," was the old man's terse summing up of his supplanter, given in his autobiog. So it has been suggested that he would give the Attorney-Generalship to his lieutenant, Carruthers, who is a solicitor of rather less than second rank. # # # Interesting to know how the federal vote 4 on the Barrier will go this time. Parliamentary representatives of the district are divided: Ferguson and the unspeakable Sleath favor the bill, Cann and Thomas are against it. Which condition of affairs ought to provoke much counterslang whanging. * # # Madame Melba's father, David Mitchell, has had to pay to the Vic. customs <£3,000 unpaid duty on stock smuggled over the border by the too clever manager of his Murray station. The usual plea, "done without my knowledge" was put in, and David, while paying the duty for the swindling, objects to pay the fine in which he is. cast for the offence. But the Customs object to forego the fine for the reason that it is mostly cut up amongst the officers concerned in showing up the swindle. At the last great jewellery raid, one Customs clerk got £800 bonus as his share of the plunder. These stock crossings are a fruitful source of trouble on the border, and it is only right that the offenders should be severely punished. * * .# The poet of West Adelaide, barracking • for Kingston: Men of the West, blench not! hold fast! Women, your votes are free ! In the white light hold up his past, Can you such claims behind you cast? Stand by your leader at the last, Ana yours the victory! "In the white light hold up his past"!!! And Charlie once sobbed on a public platform, when confessing his connection with' a certain divorce case. Heigho! The spotless purity of his past. Pass him the cream pot. * * * Method in the madness of Georgie Reid, Premier of N.S.W., in running away from Sydney to West Australia, just when federation campaign begins. Georgie will meet at Albany the new Governor, Earl Beauchamp, and come back to Sydney with him. He will get his ear entirely in that little trip. See? George is never asleep, even when he looks so. # # # Panton, P.M., of Melb., has just made the marvellous pronouncement that much crime 1 results from people receiving prisoners back with open arms and giving them employment. In any other country he thinks imprisonment would be considered a disgrace. Perhaps so, but why should a man who is trying to reform be hounded down and absolutely prevented from ever getting employment again? # # # The Dalkeith (W.A.) murder case is finished. The jury, after a lengthy trial, brought in a verdict of not guilty without leaving the box. Fox, the alleged murderer, was the one man in the district who was patently innocent of the charge, and the shuffling manner in which several of the witnesses gave their evidence showed that they were hoping to shield some one certainly not named Fox. In this respect there is a resemblance to the Gatton "mystery." The police showed a pigheaded inclination all along to convict Fox at any cost, and the attitude of the Crown prosecutor showed that in this respect they had the sympathy of the law authorities. Chief Justice Onslow, in summing up, made a scathing criticism of the police methods, especially as to the manner in which they bungled the examination of the tracks by an alleged tracker. This tracker, a dependant of one Gallop, Fox's employer, is a "halfcivilised" aboriginal, who at once adopted the police assumj)tion that Fox was the guilty party. It was obvious from the beginning that the essential quality of an expert's evidence, namely, independence, was lacking from his evidence. The Chief Justice said that the nature of aboriginals was to tell the truth, but subject races were apt to see, not the facts, but what they - were wanted by the superior race to seo. Sydney 'Varsity students, at their annual commemoration, liit off Reid thus: That same old George is off the fence And howls for Federation; Ho poses as step-mother to The budding southern nation. Now, George, old boy, just take a tip, When "Yes" and "No" you're mingling, We know the habit's hard to cure, But try and give up wriggling. Chorus: This is liis law; this he maintains; This is the only creed, sir: That whatsoever dog's on top, That dog is Georgie Reid, sir. # * # The frightful treatment of the aboriginal s; of the North by the squatters .who are always Justices of the Peace) continues unabated, £.nd the local press.. wt'» the exception of the J'erlh Sunday Times, is wickedly silent 011 the subject. The latter paper publishes a localisation of London Truth's parody on Kipling's lines, the best verse being: Pile on the black mau's burden, Heed not his marriage state. His gin is made to please you, So mingle lust with hate; And if she be not willing With the white man proud to mate, Still send the lash a-shrilling And scarify poor Kate! Of course, all over Australia, as civilisation approaches farther amd farther into the fastnesses of the native, the native woman's children are greyer and greyer. But in W.A. the process is accompanied by such cynical brutality, that every decent man feels in himself a violent wish for vengeance on the white blackguards of the back blocks. One would like to know if the Gatton mystery is likely to have a(r)rest. # # * The defeat of the O'Malley lias given general satisfaction, and the Assembly will be well rid of this windbag. In Mr. Tucker Encounter Bay has a new member who will make his mark in politics. Mr. O'Malley was certain of defeat when he did not score lieavily at Port Elliott and Goolwa, which he looked upon as his strongholds, and at once commenced packing for an early departure. He has now altered his mind, and talks about contesting a seat for the Southern District in the Legislative Council in opposition to the Hon. J. H. Gordon. * * # "The intelligent electors of AY est Adelaide."—Premier Kingston. Out of 3,827 votes cast for Federation, 716 were informal. The voting on the household suffrage referendum shows similar ignorance. * * * Seems as if the once-famous municipality of Silverton, the glory of which has faded completely, is going to be offered for sale by public auction shortly. Council Clerk O'Connor the other day sued the Corporation for arrears of salary. Council impounded several stray goats, and pulled up and sold a few. yards of fencing to raise the wherewithal to fee a solicitor. However, O'Connor got a verdict. The judgment has not yet been satisfied, so a bailiff a few days since was sent along from Broken Hill to take possession. And Silverton is named as an important town 011 many maps on which Broken Hill is not even signified by a speck. "General" Booth questions the genuineness of Wriggler Reid's "conversion." Why? Surely he knows that the great Yes-No. is converted to directly antagonistic opinions on an average once a month. He can change his religion as easily as his politics. * # # Recently 16 Kadina mi'iers put in a tender for a big piece of excavation in connection with the Bundaleer reservoir, and their price was declared lowest, the aggregate .amount being about <£7,000. The Government required a per cent, deposit, and as the men were poor a difficulty arose. At this point, Grainger, M.P., came to the rescue by writing to Mr. Barr-Smith on tne subject, but that gentleman was out of town, =10 He interviewed Mr. Walter Duncan, senior member for Onkaparinga. "Well," replied Mr. Duncan, "it is against my interests as a large shareholder in the Wallaroo mines to let so many good men go elsewhere, but still I like to see deserving workers get "an opportunity of bettering their position, so I'll put up the money if you want it." As matters turned out, Mr. Grainger viid not want it, for with characteristic liberality Mr. Barr-Smith provided the deposit. Still, Mr. Grainger, who tells the story, and the 54 miners, who now have found work 011 the contract, are exceedingly grateful to Mr. Duncan. # # # The Cjutic in this issue gives a sketch of Mr. J. F. Archibald, who is bettor known to Australia by the name of the Bulletin. There is probably no man wh< wields such a wide influence in journalism throughout Australasia as Archibald, and yet; no man of influence is less known than he. For Archibald is a Power who hides modestly behind his Throne, though as one of the founders of the Bulletin, and as its editor, he is responsible for a new era in Australian, if not in the world's, journalism. Archibald is a Victorian, born in Warrnambo'ol in the fifties, and his motto "Australia for the Australians," is one which has been most thoroughly observed. He has done more than any other man to encourage Australian literature and art, and the policy of his paper has always been to foster the spirit of broad Australian nationality. The Bulletin was first issued in '79, and associated with Archibald in the venture was John Haynes, now member for Wellington. Like most journals, it has had its changes, and the present proprietary now consists of Archibald, William MacLeod, and Livingstone Hopkins, better known as Hop. the car- toonist. Archibald's vigorous and fearless style and his biting sarcasm have done much to win for the Bulletin the high I>lace it now takes in the world's journalism. It is stated that he will shortly retiro from the active editorship of the paper, although he will continue to be an important factor in its conduct. * * * The P. & O. co. have issued a regulation which strictly limits the intercourse between the officers and passengers on their steamers. Flirtation is to be stringently put down; for this matter-of-fact co., like Kipling's Scotch engineer, looks with contempt upon romance at sea. But the captain, who is always "such a nice man," will find his way to have a "blow" with the ladies, and we may imagine something like this: 'Twas a strictly proper skipper Of an ocean bounding clipper, With a claim to manly beauty, And a captivating mo. But when blue eyes glanced and gambolled To the bridge alone he rambled, To display his love for duty, And to curse the P. & 0. 'Twas a grumpy old engineer, With a taste for baccy and beer, Who'd beaten any liner's rate (At least he would tell you so). Said he—"This 'ere regulation Is the essence of damnation; I'm looking for a second mate, So confound the P. & O." 'Twas a maiden neatly skirted, With the engineer she'd-flirted; He'd say she was a pretty "smack," For he thought he had a show. Till the captain caught them spooning, Said he, "What's all this buffooning? You're off the regulation tack Of this moral P. & O." 'Twas the dev'lish cunning skipper, And the maiden—a fair ripper, Who agreed they'd live for ever Without the slightest breeze or blow. For 'tis those who do their duty, Will rewarded -be with beauty, And can face the roughest weather, On a bounding P. & 0. * * * Signor Marconi has succeeded in sending wireless telegrams to a given point. "Oh why're you sad?" said the telegraph post. The wire replied, "Can't you guess? Marconi's discovered a wiry ghost, And wires can now go wireless." * * * Copies of the Commonwealth Bill are being freely circulated among the electors in the East. A reader who'd read of the Bill, In a pamphlet of red said: "Indeed, 'Tis a reed of strength on the rill. So I'm ready to vote now for Reid" Peter the Pedlab. # * * Premier Kingston has been uttering maledictions on the Register reporters, and is said to have declared that he will refuse to see them in future. Kingston is too thin-skinned to stand press critcism, unlike Reid, who battles along with nearly every Sydney newspaper against him. Besides, in slanging the Grenfellstreet journal, Kingston only shows how superficial is the fearlessness which he pretends, and also that he is a good deal more susceptible to the stings of adverse comment than most public men. After all is said and done, Sam. M'Caughey is probably richer than was Tyson (writes The Bulletin). He was born at Ballymena, Ireland, about 60 years ago. He owns Toorale, Dunlop, Coonong (his residence), Goolgumbla, Byalla, Singhorimba, and North 1 anko, and is partner in Yarrabree with his brother John. Has also a lot of money in Riverina properties nominally held by others. His Queensland runs are Rookwood and Barenya in Hughenden district. His first run was Singorimba, 50 miles from Jerilderie; then, about '61, he purchased Coonong. In '80 he bought Toorale and Dunlop from Salmon Wilson for <£400,000, and has made most of his money out of those two place* Toorale has been famous for its horses— hundreds of beauties have gone to India during the last 15 years. Toorale shore 400,000 sheep in one year in the '80s, and in one of those years they sold 18,000 young ewes at 18/ per head, and 30,000 wethers at 14/. The value of the Sam. M'Caughey freeholds in New South Wales is little short of <£2,000,000, the areas amounting to 545,000 acres. Mr. M'Caughey shore last year 1,300,000 sheep. He owns some 2,000 horses and about 5,000 head of cattle. Has also a big share in Coree, his late brother David's property. In '85 he went to America and spent <£40,000 in Vermont merinos, out of which he has made another fortune. He leads a very active life. Is his own general manager, and knows all that is going on on all his properties far and near. Is always making improvements. Pays his men well, and expects good work in return. Is at breakfast by 6.30 every morning, and midnight often finds him still toiling at his vast correspondence. Is a real good sort; popular alike with men who meet him for the first time and those who have known and dealt with him for years; plays an excellent game of billiards, likes a good dinner, and enjoys life in a quiet way. Has a great penchant for machinery, and has invented very useful contrivances for tank-sinking and waterlifting. Made ,£3,000 in royalties out of one of his earth-scoops. Labor runs up against the Archbishop. THE O'MALLEY HURRY 