€1k Gap metropolis. "Is that all?" said Society, after seeing The Gay Lord Quex. We were quite prepared to be awfully shocked at the goings on of the Duchess of Strood in her boudoir at midnight, when she re< ceived visitors in her tea gown, but there was not the mildest sensation in the whole scene. Even when the Duchess moans, "My reputation," the audience wonders why the lady makes so much fuss over an eavesdropping manicurist in .a Japanese tea gown, the colors of a squashed raspberry tart, for there was nothing at all to harm her Grace's good name. The Gay Lord Quex was altogether a disappointment, and theatre goers still consider the bluest scene ever seen 011 a/Melb. stage is in that religious melodrama, The Sign of the Cross. The Gay Lord Quex in comparison is meek and mi)d as a sleeping kitten. Janet Lady Clarke has contracted the London habit of arriving late at evening entertainments. She is vice-president of the local Dante Society, of which the official language is Italian, though it is seldom spoken at ; regular meetings, even by Italians themselves. Last week the secretary received word about five in the afternoon that Janet Lady C. would attend the conversazione that evening. There was no time to get the usual banquet, or even a scrap of red baize to cover a yard or two of bare boards in the hall. Our first baronet's widow hates a fuss, and probably felt better pleased to see the Dante folks at an ordinary meeting than at something special. She arrived in time for the second part of the programme, and sat just where the •eternal feminine could criticise the cut of a modish wrap made in Paris, a dog collar of pearls, with diamond clasps and diamond earrings. It is wonderful how Melb. women learn to di-ess well after living a few months in London. Janet Lady Clarke is in the black, white and Iavendar stage of a widow's frocking, and looks quite distinguished in these neutral and becoming colors. Maud McCarthy's first concert introduced a phenomenal girl violinist to a Melb. audience. Even Lord Brassey, who is not musical, was quite interested in the appearance of the talented Sydney girl, who is the proud possessor of an autograph letter from the Queen. As an Irish-Australian, Maud McCarthy scored by playing a Banshee song, a wierd composition, suggestive of ghosts in dark corridors, and whistling Avinds through keyholes. Then she dashed into an Irish reel, and set a polite audience tapping the toes of its patent leather boots in time to the music. "A tone picture of rollicking jollity," critic Giienett called it, and he seldom enthuses over young artists. Miss McCarthy's other solos were of a much higher class than the Banshee song and reel, but those were the most popular with an audience that likes tunes in music. One of Melb.'s most modish girls, Miss Addie Newbigin, was married recently in India at the Bombay Cathedral, to Captain H. P. G. Parker (20th Bombay Infantry). They will live at Hyderabad Sind, that being where the Captain's regiment is just now. Mrs. Parker is a charming Australian, and will add to the gaiety of society in India. Lord and Lady Brassey just looked in at the Governor's summer residence last week. His Ex. stayed in the mountains for one day only, then went north to the Goulburn District to a hospital demonstration. Lady Brassey stayed till Monday at Macedon. In a week or so the Governor and Lady Brassey will be farewelled right and left before their departure in January. Rumors to the contrary, it is quite decided that the Brassevs leave soon aftei the New Year. His Ex. takes Lady Brassey with him in the Sunbeam, which is to cruise in many Avaters before sighting Plymouth Harbor, but the aides, also Captain and Mrs. Pakenham, will return to the mother country in a less exciting way—by mail steamer. After a few weeks' rest, the Melb. publie are threatened with another bombardment of musical phenomena. The latest is from Bendigo, this time a contralto. Of course she will be a second Ada Crossley. But how many Ada Crossleys have we not already? Miss Vera Goldstein, organising secretary of the Women's Progressive League, is a nice girl, and in violent contrast to the leading members of the League, who are neither young, pretty, or modish. Miss Goldstein is all three." The Mayor of one big suburb said that the young secretary had convinced him that woman suffrage was most desirable for Victoria, though he had not thought so before. The fatal mistake hitherto made by workers in the cause, has been to ignore the sovereign powers of youth and beauty. Brainy women working for a cause unpopular amongst men, as is the suffrage, need as many pretty girls to help them as possible, and Melb. workers, by an accident, have found this out. When Mrs. Bear Crawford died, the cause was left without a leader. Miss Vera Goldstein, who was a very dear friend of the late philanthropist, took up her dead comrade's unfinished work, and is making a success for herself and her work. Women suffragists should put all their pretty women in the front ranks. Our Legislative Council will then be more willing to consider the suffrage seriously. Its members are mere men after all, and beauty Avell frocked is so fascinating in their eyes that a request from the fascinating creatures AAould be politely considered. r Bilmartin tells the story of hoAV an ostrich on an African farm chased him. He Avas out Avith Van Heerden, the Boer champion cyclist, Avhen Martin heard a hissing noise like steam out of an engine, and looking back, saAv a big ostrich on the inside of a wire fence. Said Van Heerden, "W e had better get. If that bird jumps over r the fence he'll give us a bad time." Martin says he "quit right away," and pedalled about a mile in tAvo minutes, the ostrich after him. Van Heerden kneAV better than to pedal. He climbed a tree, and Avatched the race. Fortunately for Martin, his enemy ran till it reached a high fenced corral used for rounding up ostriches, and it was not able to go any further. The cyclist, who is also an amateur camera fiend, afterwards took a snap shot of his pursuer, but says he Avas too shaky to get a good picture. "Oriel" Sandes is one of the two unfortunate pressmen quarantined with the Ninevah passengers,. He went on board before the official discovery of small- pox was made. Later in the day he was politely requested to stay a fortnight at the quarantine ground, Portsea, an invitation he was unable to refuse. He will relieve the monotony by writing verses on vaccination. Clergyman Gladstone, of Nathalia, warned his flock in fervid tones not to join in "the fearful desecration of the Sabbath" at Mooroopna (Goulburn Valley), when brass bands and processions turned out to welcome Lord Brassey last Sunday. Rev. Gladstone is the clergyman who told the women of his congregation, in several sermons, that dancing meant damnation. The Bishop of Melbourne, who was appealed to by Nathalians, did not interfere, and the local Jeremiah, having had his say, quietened down until last week, when ne burst forth again. Lord Brassey's sermon, preached at the Church of England, Mooroopna, surprised local people, who imagined His Ex. kneAV more about politics and the navy than theology. His text was Watchman, what of the Night. Mooroopna Hospital is a model institution, and the only one in Vic. that is out of debt. On Sunday a collection was made towards the fund for a women's ward. Lord Brassey gave ten guineas. ,£115 altogether collected during the day. The district was a favorite with Bishop Moorehouee, who, when in Melb., continually preached Irrigation for the Goulburn Valley, and once refused to pray for rain while farmers! allowed the little that fell in winter to be wasted. Since the district has been irrigated from the Goulburn River, it has blossomed like a rose. The difference between Mallee and Goulburn Valley farmers forcibly strikes Victorians who travel through their native country. The writer, when going through the Mallee one dry summer, could scarcely get a glass of water from dwellers in huts in that land of sorrow and sore eyes. In the Goulburn Valley farmers live luxuriously in beautiful homes surrounded Avith rose gardens and orchards. The Garden of Eden was surely not more beautiful than some Goulburn Valley homesteads in early spring and mellow autumn. "Flaneur": Art is enjoying a big boom in Melb. just now. Vic. Art Club opened an exhibition in the Town Hall premises, and charged one shilling. Not a single solitary soul visited the show. Then tne club hung out a banner on their outward walls—"Free." But the cry was "Still they don't come." Art in Melb. is booming—in the middle of a Lyddite shell. Another instance of it is Artist John Longstaff, who is UOAV lithographing with Niven & Co., of Ballarat. JPhoXo. by Humphrey, Melb Leaders of Melb. Society. Mrs. Prof. Tucker. Photo, by Humphrey, Melbourne. Dr. Jno» Williams, Melb. Medical Magnate. 