HAMLET. SARAH BERNHARDT'S VIEW. Madame Sarah Bernhardt writes a long letter in French to the "Dally Telegraph" by way of reply to some of the criticisms passed upon her reading of "Hamlet." Among the points dealt with are the fol lowing: I am reproached with not being uffi cletly astonished, not sufficiently dumb founded, when I see the ghost. But Hamlet comes expressly to see it; he awaits it, and utters these words, "I will speak to it, though hell itself should gape and bid me hold my peace." These are not the words of a weak or languid per son. When the ghost wants to take him aside, he draws his sword against his friends, and threatens to kill them If they will not let him pass. That does not be speak a feeble man. Hamlet dreams when he is alone, but in company he speaks-speaks to conceal his thoughts. I am reproached with not being polite enough with Polonius; but Shakespeare makes Hamlet say all kinds of unpleas ant things to him. When Polonius says to him, "My honorable lord, I will most humbly take my leave of you," Hamlet replies, "You cannot, sir, take from me anything that I will more willingly part withal." Really, I do not know a more cutting or better merited reply. In the Oratory scene I am reproached with go ing too near the King; but if Hamlet wishes to kill the King, surely he must be close to him. And when he hears him prays words of repentance, he thinks that if he kills him he will send him to Hea ven; and he does not kill the King, not because he is vacillating and weak, but because he is firm and logical. Hs wishes to kill him in a state of sin, not of repentance; for he desires to send him to hell and not to Heaven- Some wish to see in Hamlet a womanish, hesitating, flighty mind. To me he seems a manly, resolute, but thoughtful being. As soon as Hamlet gathers what is in his father's mind and learns of his murder, he forms the resolution to avenge him; but as he is the opposite of Othello--who acts first and thinks afterwards-- Hamlet thinks before he acts, which is the sign of great strength and great power of mind. IIamlet loves Ophelia! He renounces his love! He renounces study! Ioe re nounces everything-in order to gain his object. And he attains it. ITe kills the King while in the blackest and most mor tal sin; but he kills him only when he is absolutely sure. When he is sent to England he takes the first opportunity of leaping alone into an enemy's vessel, and announces his name that he may be made prisoner, certain that he will he brought back. IIe calmly sends Rosen. crantz and Gulldenstern to death. All this bespeaks a young, strong and deter mined character. When he dreams, it is of his plan-of his vengeance. If God had not forbidden suicide he would have killed himself in disgust of the world. But since he canot kill himself, he will kill! The lady concludes with the statement that Shakespeare, by his colossal genius, belongs to the universe, and that a French, a German, or a Russian brain has the right to admire and to understand him. 