ROMANISM AND NATIONAL PRO GRESS : THE VERDICT PF HISTORY. Tho Cause of the "War. A Eeward of £20 Still Offered. [Continued.] (To the Editor of the Singleton Argus. Your faithful servant, CORNELIUS J. M'AULJFFE. Sir, —I shall repent the offer which I inado to the Itev. Mr Bryant on the litli inst., contained in the appended quotation : " Tho rev. gentleman snid in tho above mentioned Rermon, ' The practical edification of Mnr} r had been completed by tho Church oE Rome in our timo only, by Iho promulgation of the dogma of the Immaculate Concep tion in December, 1851. Time dogma declares that Mary was born free from original sin. Thus the awful climax has been reached. It wou'd be eney to show how the teaching of Rome contnidicts itself by comparing tho infallible doctrine of one period with that of nnothcr.' I shall place the above quotntion in the form of a syllogism. At ono time there was an infallible decroo against tho dogma of the Immaculate Conception. Now there is one in favor of it. Thereforo, ' tho teaching of Rome contradicts itsol'.' So certain am I that the Roy. Mr Bryant is in error that I will give £20 to the local Hospital if ho (or~~-any Weeloynu minister in the whole world) proves the major proposition in tho abevo syllogism, and brings forward that infallible decree of Roman Pontiffs against the dogma of tho Immaculate Conception. Of course, tho decree must not be a forgery, or must not have its origiu in tho imagination of tho gentleman. I will expect that ho will at once accept my challenge, and be prepared to givo £10 to the abovo incutiouod institution, in cafio ho is unablo to prove the truth of his state ment." Iv order to givo the rov. gentleman an opportunity of com municating with his co- religionists in the old world, my offer will hold good for tho next six months. There is no uso in quibbling, Mr Brynnt. If you do not produce tho decreo which you meutioued, the Singleton people will draw their own conclusions. The following incident is related in tho lifo oE Father Noumanu, of Niagra Falls: "His journeys wero made for the most part on foot, and ho carried on his back the things which wero absolutoly necessary for the celebration of the Divine Mysteries. One Suuday morning the servant of God was making his journey on foot to one of his stations, and as he in tended to say Mass for his peoplo he carried his bundle as usual. The ground waa covered with snow, nnd a severe frost made it very difficult to walk. As ho was picking his steps a sleigh drawn by horses passed liim, and then tho driver suddenly pulled up. Tho occupants of tho sleigh wero tho parson nnd his family. They courteously invited the 'little priest' and his bundlo into the vehicle, saying that they would enrry him to the door of their church, which was on his way. Tho ' little priest ' gladly accepted tho invitation, and soon there was a chorus oE recommendations urging tho beauty of the true roligion. If indeed it was not beautiful, it cor taiuly was comfortable, and a truly realistic contrast was drawn between tho sociable life of a Pnrson and tho hardships aud solitude of tho ' little priest.' Although tho conclusions which thoy drew in no way followed from thoir premises, thoy were never theless very definite : ' "\Vo have,' they said, ' tho true roligion : We have tho Holy G-host.' The silence of tho ' litllo priest ' not only encouraged them to spenk very freely, but also gave tho impression that thoy had won him over to their way of thinking. This impression becamo a conviction when tho ' little priest' innocently said : ' Toll mc how I also can receive the true religion. , Boforo tho Parson's church was reached arrangements were made for a conference, in which the whole subject was to bo discussed for tho enlightenment of tho ' little priest. , It will bo enough to relate hero that when the conference was hold it ended in the confusion of those who provoked it. The climax was reached when a minister full of prido declared that ho was full of tho Holy Ghoet. In proof of the indwolling of the Holy Ghost ho appealed to tho change of life which had beon oporated iv him. ' Once,' ho said, ' 1 was a sinful man. 1 used to steal my neighbor's horses and cows. I ofton cheated in many ways. But uincomy conversion I am a changed man.' Father Neumann would toot his 'con version,' and, therefore, with a look oE mingled pity nnd amusement ho turned to the assembly and said : 'My friondH, you have heard ono of your proachers confess his past delin quencies. Ho assures us that at ono timo ho cheated and stole and the rest. Now can any cf you inform mo whether he evor made restitution for his ill-gotten goods ?' ' No, no !' shouted a chorus of voices, 'ho novor did.' ' Thon, 1 put it to you, is his conversion genuine?' 'No, no,' re sounded on every side, ' he is the'snme old roguo that ho over was !' After this tho ministers ono after another fouud some pretext for rotiring from the scene, and Father Neumann soon fouud himself alouo with his friends and tho umpire who had been chosen by both parties. He congratulated the 'little priest , on his triumph. Unless the Rev. Mr Bryant ploads guilty unconditionally to ignorance and misrepresentation of tho Roman Catholic doctrine, aud craves pardon for his many untruths, especially those with regard to the Iminnculate Con ception and the number of sects and unless ho pleads guilty of giving utterance to that torriblo snake- yarn, viz., that ho has 187 lingers, and that they aro still oa tho increase—l aliall be reluctantly forced to say that he has given no signs of amondment, and that ho is the satno old story-teller still. And, by the way, the conclusion is perfectly Scriptural— Omnis homo est mendax, ' Atquc, Kov. J. Uryant cut homo; Ergo, Roy. J. Uryaut est mendax, Every man is n liar. Tho Roy. J. Bryant is a man. Therefore, etc. C To be continued.') [Tho next instalment must closo this controversy. —En. S.A.] 