METROPOLITAN ECHOES. TII£ BID MASTER Last week probably established a record in the matter of disastrous fire?, and with curious coincidence the majority and the more serious of these outbreaks bappeuod on the f»ome night. Wyalong, Warren, Nar rabri, Dubho, Cargo, Orange, Mo*s Vale, Wellington, Tum*orih and IJihgow re ported more or Ices serious outbreaks, while Bourke appears to have escaped one only through the effort* of a woll-trained tire brigndo. The greatest damage W*B experi enced at the two first mentioned places. The value of the property destroyed at Wyalong in not yet definitely staled, but as a 'Thole run of business places was de stroyed, it must total some thousand#, while the P.M. waa obliged to take the extraor dinary course of swearing in epccial con stables f T the protection o/ good*. At Wanvn the loss ranges at £70,000 and £100,000. Narrabri returns the danupe there at £3000. Tho figaroi representing the damage at the other towns are happily .mailer, but in the aggregate they make a serious total. Probably tho intense iieat bad some connection, ifnnly a remote one, with theso outbrcnk*, tor it is not. a little curious lh\t so many should have ocourrcd on tho one night at such widely sepmated plnct». I'JLITICS AND UILLfARDS. There is not on the surface much connec tion between the yrron cloth am! politic?, but politicians like other men aro attracted by iie charms. A petition is ju»t now being frei'ly signed by Members of the Assembly, asking that a billiard room may bo added to the convcnicnctS of I'arlinment House. Tho request is likely to he granted, in which case dominoes will not have that monopoly over the attentions of the smoking room idlers hitherto cxerciscd. The Melbourne, Kris bano and other colonial Parliamentary building* contain billiard rooms, and ex perienced political Isadora in the adjactut states h*vo declared that this attraction more than to ought olae, is powerful to keep a ttouso together. It is not of course say ing much for either tho patriotism or the interest of the average parliamentary repre sentative in his business that ho is more concerned with dominors and billiards thau the publio questions upon which he has to vote, but that doesn't get amy from the facte, unpalatable though they nuy be. And the facta are patent enough. A large num ber of members are soon forced to recognise that they lack the capacity to get out of tho political ruck, and fchoy soon cease to take more than a perfunctory interest in the pro ceedings of tho House. To these the do mino and billiard tables are essential us places at which Ihey can pass their time uutil they troop in to cast their votes at the summons of the division bell. Whether tho country will appreciate this latest addition to the amusements of its politicians is an other matter, but it will probably accept it with a oynical indulgence. JUDICIAL APPOINTMENTS. One or two question# In tho Assembly supported by some persistent rumours point to the fact thut there has been something like a family quarrel in tho Cabinet over the appointment to the vacant judgeship. Put ting quettiom ami rumours together, and it would seem that Mr. Wise, as Attorney* General, proposed to offer the appointment to Sir. C. G. Ileydoo, Q CM while there is reason for supposing that even if he did not actually offer tho appointment to that gentleman, ho communicated with him as to his willingness to accept it. But wh*n the matter was brought before the Cabinet, Mr. Crick interposed a peremptory and uncom promising veto. The memory of the Dean case rankles with him still, and he is be lieved to have declared that if the position in offered to any of tho lawyers awociatod with the pro?ccution to which ho was then subjected, ho will resign his portfolio. When Afr. Heydon's name was thus pushed aside Mr. Wada'a is eaid to have been Fob stituted by Mr. Wise, but this gentleman is subject to the wmo disability in the even of the P.M.G-., and for the present therefore, tho appointment ii in abeyance. Mr. Crick is too strong and too usoful for tho Ministry to lightly part with him, so that unless under some marvellously toothing influence he is ptruivlcd to c«a*o hi* opposition, it is not at all likely either of the gentlemen named, eminently fitted for the position though th^y are, will receive tho appoint mont at the hands of the present Govern mont. THE CITT ELECTIONS. In a qniet Janquid sort of way. the usual email percentage of ratepayers turned out on Friday to elect their municipal representa tives. The procedure differed from similar events of previous years only that it was pursued a little moro lethargically than usual, and voters turned up in smaller num ber*. There would be nothing remarkable in this as municipal affairs go, only that the city is supposed to be yearning for reform, and its citizens imbued with a fi-rco in* dignathm against tho representatives who have landed their municipal alTor* in such a hopeless muddle. The fact is, as has bo«n previously pointed out in this column, the so-called reform movement is a tham and a delusion. It owed whatovor little vitality it possessed first to a number of property ownor?> who dreaded aa increaso in their rates, next to some of the aldormsn who wisoly thought it better to play at reform thau by appearing to resist it, incite public feeling to demand efTeotive reform, and last by a number of patriots who thought to use the reform movement as a means of getting into tho Council. Very skillfully proposals havo been put forward that because thoy effected cortain changes, were represented ns reform, wli'Ie every care was takun to Inave out of sight tho only two things essential to place the affaire of the corporal ion on a sound basis. That Is a change in tho franchise, and an increa«o in the rates. Neither those who call themselves the "reform" candidates, nor those who are dubbed the " old brigade " have had the courage to advocate cithor of theia essentials, and consequently tho rate payer recognising the hollowntss of the wholo business declines to brcoinc agitated ovor it, and the struggle for municipal honors re mains as it Ins long beon, a merely personal one. THE MINISTERIAL KplDKMlO. Not ion# sinco the Prime Minister* of the Australian Colonics wcro wont to pridefully refer to tho fact that they ha<l established 11 racords " in the matter of ofllco holding, while public journals commented on the growing longevity of ministries. Hut with trngio rapidity one aftor another of theso loug-lived Governments has yielded up the political ghost, until of the Premiers who twelve months ago wero assoniatnl in the foderal moremcnt only Sir John Forr«st maintains his position. Mr. "Reid Trent firat just when everybody l>eem to think ho was lixed till tha advent of federation, then Sir K Iward Bradd^n wont under before an attack not very different from that which prored f.ital to Mr. Raid. After this thero >vas a lull, thoughominous indications gath ered on tho political horizons of the three other colonies. Then all ar once hostile at tacksderoloped, and in rapid suece«sion the Dickson Government of Queensland, the Kingston Government of South Ans'ralia, and the Turner Government of Victoria, wero diamissod from ofliec. In each ca<e an ofTnrfc was made to secure a dissolution, but it failed, as it oucht to have douo. It is probable that tho Preraiors who had been so long in oftice h*d formed tho idea that tho country regarded them as eisenfcial. Other parallels wero alio present. When Mr. Held was defeated it wait mournfully be lieved that as a result the fir*t Federal Pre miership would go to Mr. Turner, to tho advantage of Victoria. When the latter was defeated it wa* regarded aa depriving Victoria of this golden opportunity, and no doubt the thoughts of bright possibilities parsed through the ambitious brain'of Mr. Kingston, when he saw the Premiers of the moro Important colonies on tho shoals. Nothing is certain in polities, but the rocont ministerial epidemic has certainly imparted to Mr. Lyuo's chanccs-not long siuoo re-* gnrded an outsido tho limits of serious con sideration-* definite and bright tangibility. Tho position in Queensland Is complicated by the immediate defeat of the new Minis try, the Opposition under the new leader ship of Mr. Fhilp, having declined to grant it even a day'* adjournment. When Mr. Dickson asumjed the Premiership ho did so for party convenience and strutogr, and it was understood that in due course he would give way to Mr. Thilp. But having got into thesaddlo ho evinced no inclination to vn« e*te it It is this, and his painful incompe* tence for tho position, that brought about his defeat, and *ot any nesiro to ontrust Mr. Dawson and his patty with the responsibili ties of office. Consequently the moment the Ministry resigned tho party proceeded to depose Mr, Dickson from loadarship V»y electing Mr. Philp, and having achieved by this means the end it has had in view for a long while, it lost no tim© in rc-assorting its claim ui !!" benches, Whether Mr. Dawson will accept ttie iuu. ftn<^ by resigoiug terminate tho c.iraer of probably tho ahortut lived Australian Ministry, or whether ho will apply for an opportunity nf appealing' to the elector', is tho itmn of news from tho northern capital for which most pcoplft nr«' tnuieu*. Fooiwarb" built for hard w**r. Tonsil got it cheaper at t>ouphty's. * 