THE PASSING SHOW. Victorian girls are getting stage struck Mr. Williamson recently said that there is plenty of room for people of real ability, and so, in their inexperience, they are all Hocking stage waid. " Oriel," in the Argus wluspeiB poetically words of warning - from the densely peopled city and the small suburban town, From the Novel Novel country', where the plains no patched and brown, From the distant, vv lids of Dubbo or ad jacentNoitli Fitzroy where the pushes rage together with a wild unholy joy, From the lodgings of the seeds, from the mansions of the board, From the small and only places where each singer is concerned, And especially from Bendigo, the song by his magic cage, The girls with tucked up petticoats nice spin lating to the stage , For there's never any pinning up of skirts, And there's never any stitching socks or shoes. And the babies need no tending and the kitchen range no mending, On tliestugo-the happy, happy stage. They're trooping In Uko locusts, for they simply cannot we nil. The maid of one and twenty, and the prodigy of eight, Tile fat, full bodied charmer, and the slim and! fragile queen, And the fairy headed fisher who will soon be seventeen, The girl who flaps and flutters, and the girl who sings 01 squeals, The girl who double shuffle, and who clicks her dainty heels, And the talented high kicker who is sure she 11 be the rage, In a mighty moving phalanx they are marching to the stage. For washing day and sorrows never come, And the vision of the machine at last is dumb, There's no smell of cabbage boiling, there's no fear of dinner spoiling, On tliestugo-the happy, happy stage. In fancy they have noted Ellen Terry tw ming mops, They v o seen as in a vision Small Bern hands cooking chops. Lo, scrubbing brush in hand, the ghost of Gi ss makes her bow, And Tuglionl argues with a vegetable Chow, Perhaps great Rachael, etc she rose a breathless house to sway, Once argued with the butcher, in the old familiar way, And others peeled potatoes one they bloomed on history s page, So hurry up and join the rush stampeding to the stage. They say that there's champagne and ginger pop, For the lucky ones who battle to the top; Fame and fortune room behind 'cm but, alas ! they've got to find 'em. On the stage the tricky, tricky stage. ? 