POLITICAL PIPS. Barton has slung tho Opposition leader ship. The heavy, dull, blundering Lyuo elected to the vacancy. Tins Old Age 1'onsion Bill lms p°,8aed its second raiding in tho Victorian Assembly. AU deserving people over G5 yours e,f age are to be entitled to a yearly petition of £18 a. 11 1. »- uiiifLi 0 ?*jMuiui£t3 uiju Una jjiBami it^ Boconti reading in Iho Victorian Ajusmbly. The title of a -bill which Mr Dight moved the second rending iu tho Assembly 011 Tuesday was ' Tho Inclosed Linda Protec tion Act Amendment Bill.' The object was to more emcientiy li-gialnto againsr the trespasser without doing him an injustice. The law a; it orig'.nally stood did not recog nise a river as a. fence, so that one might cross a river, trespass upou an orchard, and even if his motives were not honourable tho nrchiirdisb would have no redress. Justice therefore required that a rivor in regard to this purtieular net, should fulfil tbn legf.l functions of a fence. It was hinted that the average Ausralian river, p-irtionlurly iu times of drought, would not prove u very substantial or permanent barrier to the orchard pillager. Mr Dight also desired to enable small holders to co-operato in the orcction of ting fences between their pro pertieo. Tho debate, on tho bill was ad ourned. BAiiTOir says he Iirs done tho work he was elected for. If so, will ho rtaign his sent in tho House ? Lynis has not got tlio ghost of' a show with a moti»n of censure. Tim Tiistn&nians; are going lo introlucc tho Hare system of voting into all Pallia mentary elections. Will Barton voto for or against a motion of censuro ? Some people say he will support Roid, bub wo' think he will vote with his party— which he can do without earning nny discrtdit. Dioic llcagher, inspired by a few big Sydnovites, is trying to got tho Government 10 hild a big exhibition'in Sydney in 1801. Hon. J. Hughos— Wo know protty well what a medicnl certificate is, and I daro say many of us have seen a good miiny certificates in our time, I never before heard a medical man get up and givo a cortineato that, to his own knowledge, S3.000 of tho pooplo of Ni'W South Wales passes any particular qualification:!. The hon. and learnod member, Pr. MucLanrin, declared thnt there are so many people nivl to his cortaln knowlodge they nlone possess the wisdom of New South Wnlos. Hon. II. C. Duiger : My hon, friend knows quito well that that wua only uttered by way of joke ! Hon. J. Hughes : Pussibly lam auswor ing jocosnly. Hon. H. 0. Danger : The lion, member looks rather serious ! Hon. J. Hughes : Am I to take it I hat all tho speeches hive been jocoso ? I should not think so. Tlin ' Figaro' on July 10 published a litter from M. Louis Havot, Moinber of the Institute?, who says :-On his arrival in Guinea Captain Dreyfus w:ih not landed immediately, but was kept for four days at bottom of the hold in a loinperntuio of 111). Fohionhcit. Latterly lie whs put on dry broad aud water for 11 inonlh. In 1^90, whin Colonel Piuquart expressed his bu^ief in tho prisonoi'a inuncenco to (jcncral Billof, tho «ugo ;n which Captain Dreyfus was confined waa surrounded by a palisade, distant oiily luin. After a yum- of this close OJiifii'emiut CaptDiu Dreyfus suffered so miu.'h from a feeling of siiffoo.itioa that the dootor iusisted on him receiving more air. Tho height of the caxo wub llicwuptw meroly inutuusedt 