WOMAN'S WORLD. rCommimicatlons intended (or insertion in this column must be authorised by tho signature ol the tender.] SOCIAL GOSSIP. ? " Truth" says that Lord Beauchamp is la clever, devout, cultured man, with some experience of affairs, and with pleasant manners and considerable tact. .He is de cldedly serious in his views of Lie, and has devoted himself to worthy suojects since he left Oxford. Lord Beauchamp Is au advanced High Churchman, and l;e cor tainly did not come off best in a recent corespondence with the Bishop of Woree =to.-. Ho will no doubt make an average colonial Governor, and socially he is certain to be very popular at Sydney. It is suggested at Birmingham that the appointment of Lord Beauchamp is a " graceful recogni- tion" of Mr. Chamberlain's obligations io the father of the new Governor of New South Wales. Ten years ago the late Lord Beauchamp, then Lord- Lieutenant of Wor- cestershire, exerted himself strenuously and successfully in order to carry the olectlon of Mr. Chamberlain as one of the first group of county aldermen, a position which the Colonial Secretary was then very desirous to achieve. However, after the Worcester- shire magnates had thus taken Mr. Cham- berlain to their bosoms, his deslro to take a. prominent part in the county business suddenly evaporated, and ho forfeited his place as alderman by nou-attendanee. Mr. F. Moore. Tasmania, who Is visiting his aunt, Mrs. King, Carlo, South Brisbane, entertained a number of his young .friends Ia3t Thursday. During the evening many beautiful songs were sung by Misses Scott, King, Wilson, Shepherd, and Sturt, and Messrs. Walsh, Hall, and Prior : and. an operatic duet, which won great admlrat'on, was rendered by Miss Maude Shepherd and Dr. Miller (Victoria). Recitations by Me?srs. Jones, Smith, and Stanley were much ap- preciated. The " People's Newspaper" says a Miss Eardley argued very pertinently on the wo- manhood suffrage question with Mr. Mur- ray al one of his meetings. The lady said, "There is no doubt that a*wife can exsrt some influence over her husband. But what about those women who have no husbands?" All the latest improvements aro to be found on the Heindorff Pianos. Aeents : «¡efndorff Bros., 156 and 15S Elizabeth street.-(Advt.) SOUTHPORT NOTES, j Under date 11th March, our correspondent wnltes -.-The Misses Finney, who have been ? staying here for some time, have returned to Sydney House.-Mrs. Lestrange, Roma, has been staying with her moLher, Mrs. L Lord, for a short time.-Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Lord have left Southport after visit o£ some weeks.-Mr. Duckett White has left for Brisbane.-'Mr. and Mrs. James Stuart have returned to their Northern home.-»Mrs. Adolph Feez and family, who have been spending the summer months here, returned to Brisbane this week. Mr. Eric Molle has also returned.-Miss Drury is the guest of Mrs. J. Hunter Brown.-Mrs. Kob, Mereháye, and her niece, Miss Harris, are on a visit to Southport.-Miss Clare Da Costa is staying with Mrs. Vlllisrs Brown. MME. PATTI'S WEDDING. (" Daily Mall," 26th January.) Mme. Patti has added another Interesting chapter to the romanlc story of her life. She wa3 married yesterday at the picturesque little Welsh town of Brecon, not far from her mountain home, to Baron Olaf- Rudolph Cederstrom, the representative of a Swedish family which was granted its patent of nobil- ity so far back as 1G84. Why did the " Queen of Song" confer this favour upon the comparatively Insignificant town of Brecon ? There is a bond of strong aftecton between the villagers and the diva. The outside world may not understand the intensity or the sources of this inspiration. But Mme. Patti has won the heart of every one in Brecon, and Brecon loves her in re- turn. It was In Brecon during Eisteddfod that she bewitched thean all, thousands of Welsh men and women. She has showered gifts of charity with bountful hands upon the town, and the town has made her one of Its honorary burgesses. She Is one of the few ladies who hold the honorary free- dom of a Welsh borough. To the inhabtants of Brecon she is " our Patti" ; and Brecon gave her a royal wedding-day yesterday. It was a lovely morning-brisk and frosty, with a smiling sun to light up the grandeur of Craig-y-Nos, which had a large party of guests, for whom Mme. Patti had sung the pr^vous night the Jewel song from " Faust." She drove from the castle yestorday morn- ing the centre of a bridal party, numbering about a dozen, at half-past 0. Cannon boomed out a happy send-off. The drive over the private road of Craig-y-N03 brought the party quickly to the wayside station of Penwyll t, whence the special train conveyed them to Brecon. Enthusiastic welcome greeted the bride when she appeared to the crowd of village's who crushed against the station railin&s.; Colonel John Morçau, Mayor of the borough, and high sheriff of the county, was there, In his robes, with the town clerk, to escort her to the marriage ceremony. The band of the South Wales Borderers played up " Hall, Queen." The Mayor and the town clerk entered the diva's saloon to bid her wel- come ; and she emerged, carrying a large bouquet of white and purple orchids. Out- side the station five open carriages were in walting. A procession was led by the band, playing the Welsh national anthem, and a detachment of police and lire brigade men formed a guard of honour. The streets ' were gaily decorated ; from the station to the church, more than hali-a-m!!e, was an j avenue of fiariands, with bunting galore. I Near the tpot where the old town turret stood In Norman days there was a plotar esque castellated arch. dl=ulavln? from the incoming side " Breconians welcome their honorary burgess," and upon the other side a Welsh sentiment. The sidewalks were crowded with'cheering people. At the entrance to the Roman Catholic Church the party was welcomed by the cor- poration and the local magistracy. Inside privileged spectators crowded all the seats. The decorations were very chaste, the altar having a background of pure white muslin, brightened by lovely flowers, while alternate stripes of white and Cambridge blue provided a delightfully soft and refreshing aspect. The marriage ceremony was brief and de- void of ritual, lasting barely twenty minutes. Sir George Faudel Phillips, the Jubilee Loid Mayor of London, who stood in front of the altar beside the bride, gave her away. The duties of best man wero performed by Baron Rolf Cederstran, A.D.C. to Prince Eugen of Sweden. Befoie the ceremony the choir sang the hymn " Majesty Divine." The ring was deposited on the priest's book and blessed; and the bridegroom then receiv- ing It placed it successively upon the thumb andiirst and middle fingers before finally leav- ing It on the usual ring finger, repeating meanwhile "In the name of the Father, of the Son, of the Holy Ghost, Amen." At the close the choir sang another hymn, " Come, Holy Spirit," and the bridal procession moved away to the strains of the Wedding March from " Lohengrin." The bride was married in her travelling dress, of palest dove-coloured satin de Lyons, (he skirt being beautifully embroidered in fine steel. The bodice was of palo gray ; the embroidery, which matched the skirt, was exquisite. The waistbelt was of mauve satin ribbon, fastened with a bow on the left bide ; and on the right of the corsage was a lovely spray of orchids. The cape matched the dress, and the empiècement and storm collar were covered with the finest steel em- broidery in a design of true-lovers* knots. Tho bonnet was of mauve. The bride also wore a travelling cloak of dark heliotrope, lined with mauve chine silk, with a rich collar and revers. This garment entirely covered the dress, and was the most grace- ful robe imaginable. She also carried a bouquet of orchids. The ceremony over, the procession was re- formed, and proceeded back to the railway station, where the party rejoined the special liain, which subsequently left for London, the wedding breakfast being served en route in a magnificently appointed saloon. The train reached Paddington at 5.5 last evening. A huge crowd witnessed the arrival of Mme. Patti and her husband, and cheered them loudly as they entered their carriage and drove to the Hotel Cecil. To-day Mme. Patti and her husband leave for the South of France, where the honey- moon will be spent. The Empress Frederick is the favourite sister of the Prince of Wales, and they correspond regularly, a letter passing be- tween them every week. When the Empress is in London they are constantly together, and have always been a most devotedly at- tached brother and sister. 