SHQJRT STOR 7/ —j. GABRIELLE'S GHOST, ' You English police,' said Monsieur Gar- . nier, the world-famous French defective, as he leaned hack in his chair, and lit a cigar— you English police have your methods of detection, which are admirable totheir way,, ' and yet whioh fall short in something, and that something is imaginativeness. Having once obtained a. cine, yoa can .work it up as skillfulTy as any detectives in the world, but, failing suoh clue, I must confess, genuemen, your, utue plans are too often doomed, to failure.- Imaginativeness is, in my humble opinion, as necessary to the deteotive as to the successful novelist, and. if you will forgiva my talking of myself, I will, tell you the Story of "the 'case which brought mo what fame I have the honour to poBBesB. In that ; case we . had not the slightest clue to go . upon, .-.but, the im aginative instinot served me in snoh a man ner that I ran my man to earth. ' One sultry morning in August, I was: commissioned to go to the Chateau Money,, at Yillefort, a rural district about forty miles from Paris, where, it. seemed, a mys terious crime had been committed. Mademoiselle Gabrielle Money, : : tMer'only daughter of the chateau, had been cf bund, on the floor of her bedroom yearly .thakmorniji'g' qnite dead, the medical.- evidence showing' that she had been killed by poisom . 7 ' On arrival at the chateau, I was at once Ushered into the presence of" Monsieur e-Tf-uoy, a dignified, middle-aged man, who J ie to gree< me as I entered. He . was /', 'eroome with grief, ana if' was/plato to/see 1/ iat he had been weeping continuously. Jj ' Be seated, monsieur, - he- said, in a low tone, and I will give you allthe particulars I at my disposal of this awful affair.' . 1 obeyed his request, and 'seated myself near the window. . Now. moneienr,' I said, quietly, ' I am entirely at your service.' ' In that case,' he returned; ' I . will pro ceed to explain matters to you without' aiirttier delay. . Yesterday morning I went Isb Paris to attend a ; sitting of- the.Clhamber of Deputies, of which I have the honour, of being a member. 1 left in the house my poor daughter Gabrielle; her cousin Monsieur Ernest Money; my secretary-rr-a. young man named Vautrin— and. the house-.servants, in cluding Madame Blauohe, the housekeeper. The Chamber sitting' late last evening, I stayed at an .hotel where' I .usually put up . when iu Paris, and thiB morning at nine o'clock I yas hondfied to. reoeive a telegram from my housekeeper informing tee that mv daughter had been discovered dead I at ouoe came post-haste to this house, and found that the message was-. only too true. The doctor who had been - hastily summoned declared that my daughter had fceen poisoned by means of some vegetable drug, such as bruoine or stryohuine. This is all -I have to tell you.' -. v;v. ' ..7.-. ' Do you .suspect anyone?',! asked, after a short pause, in the passing' of which the distressed- father sat looking at me with anxious eyes. ( Is there anyone in the house who would benefit by this death ?' . Only pne- r-MqnsieUr Earnest Monoy, my poor daughter's cousin, the next of k&, But he is so admirable and excellent a young man that to suspect, him is rinadness.'-' 4 The secretary, ?! . . Is a man whom I .have taken from poverty and destitution, and whose fortune I am making, seeing that I ain to obtain for- him a secretaryship to -the Minister for In struction. Hardly the mas, monsieur, to repay me for my services By murdering my only child.' ; 1 ' .... " True enough. -The other mmatea of the house are, I suppose, not to -be suspected for a moment ?' :<>, .. Not for a moment,., Jlhey all loyed my . child, and would have diedlor her .' Could anyone . have obtained admittance, to the house during the night ?' Impossible. Every door was barred and -bolted as usual, '. so the -hausekeeper informs me,' Some visitors might have called last, evening P " No visitor could have called; ; The storm kept everyone away.' - - Prom whom do you obtain these toots ?' 'From Madame Blanche,. ;fhe house keeper. Perhaps you would- like to inter rogate her?' ( ; Mt. would be as .well, I,thiuk.' ; v Monsieur Money touched -a .hell, and. summoned the -woman, who . was evidently much agitated. . She . answered toy questions in a straightforward, .sensible manner, and,, whilst it is not .usual for men- vof.my-.pro- fession to judge from appearance, I never theless felt convinced -when Madame Blanche quitted the room that she was aB innocent of duplicity in evidence as die was of complicity, in the crime. .. . Yon are satisfied with the honsokeeper ?' asked Monsieur Monoy When she 'had de parted. Quite.. There seems no reason to. doubt the accuracy of her- statements. She affirms that Mademoiselle Gabrielle did not quit the house yesterday, and no visitor called. Now what does the doctor say as. .to the time. when:the.pojsonjwas swallpwed.P. He can , say nothing very .definite until after the post-mortem ; butheis wilting, to oweac uuui toe poison was auministerea within twelve hours of the finding of the body this morning;. . -.-il'.:.;.' - Then-it ;is -pretty clearthat.- the- poison . was administered by some individual in this house P- .- - ... -h , ' r Undoubtedly. There can be no other theory P . . . ...... . - : , Excepting one,' I put in, nervously, 'and you will-hot be offended at "my refer ring to it. Youngladieafiave been known before now to destroy 'themselves. Can it be possible that this is a casein ;poinfc?'. He spraiig.- ' ... MonsiCurr Garnier/he'bried passionately, ' _ ' dismiss, . that Idea from your mind at once, rf" My daughter was tihe happieSt.girl in the ... province, and more than that, her . .firm 'religion would have led. tier .to., look. upon I .uicide as a "deadly riii. I Tear by the Almighty who mode " me that \- ie who lies dead npstairs.did not die by her "own hand.' . ' Calm yourself, mohBieufj' I'said, gently, 'i feeling much sympathy for the; heartbroken p-.raan, ' oalm yourself, and remember that it is only, hy oalmness.that4.you;can-aid myself 7 and the police in arriving at the; truth!-:. Me will dismiss the theory of self- destruction, Bince you say that such a course was im possible to your daughter, and we willro- tum to the possibilities. They are as follows.' .' ' Go. on,' he said, quickly p' I am lis tening.' ; . ' we have proved to pur own satisfaction that your daughter has died of a poison given her by- an inmate of 'this house.. It -is hardly likely that any of the menial section of : the household can be concerned in the affair, and toetionsekeeperalsois apparently above snspicion. This- narrows down our possibilities to two persons.' . I paused. He nodded to me to go on, and I continued : ' Those persons are Monsieur Ernest, yonr nephew, and the other person your secretary.' Impossible !' he cried; 'Vautrin, the secretary, could have no -possible -motive.- Ernest would : have -a motive certainly, but his nature would . shrink from such aprime.' We are .merely discussing possibilities,' I returned, slowly, ' and the realm of suoh is,' as you knot, a large one It seemsio . me, however, .that, even assualing one of tliese men is guilty, it will be impossible to fasten his gutit upon him.' . ' Why f Surely it is plain enough. You have two men in a house, either of whom may have administered a poison. How shall you say which of those two men it is ?'; . Ah ! yes. rlt is a .temble mystery. JTonDieal Wtiatis tofcedoas , . 'jNothing can be done, monsieur,' I said, rising, until after the inquest had been held. and the poBt-mortom examination made; Perhaps some little asaietanoe may be gained by suoh inquiry ; but I fear - it will he very little. And now; with your permission, I should tike to view the body.' He sighed heavily, and rang the bell. Madamo filsnohe shall accompany you, he said ; ' I have not. the courage.' . The housekeeper conducted me to the ohamber where the unfortunate girl lay, and, going towards the bed, I lifted the sheet which Concealed the rigid face. And as I did so I uttered a low ory. By some strange ooinoidenoe, the faoe was the image of a certain cousin of my ac quaintance — a young girl known as Julie de Merkn— who was studying at the Conserva toire, with a view to becoming an aotress. It is said that all men and women have somewhere their doubles : the double of this dead girl wasmy oousin Julie de Meran. As I gazed on.the wonderful likeness , there rose in my brarn a sadden inspiration. It flashed through my mmd.tike'. lightning, and fasoinate.d me there mid then. Gqing hastily downstairs, after replacing the sheet, 1 re toned to Monsieur Money's loom and closed the door. , ; Monsieur, I said, 'I have seen, the oorpse. And the seeing of it has given me apian.'. ' f A < plan!' he oried. 'What do -you mean? A plan qf detection ?' \- ' Aye. A planby whioh, if all goes jell,;. confession can be extorted from Jhe primiual, and justice done on your daughter's1 as sassin.' f He oame towards me and gxasped-my hands. f MonBieur. Garnier,' he said, in a yoioe husky with 'emotion, ' do this, and you will have earned my everlasting thanks.' .' J;WiU confide to. you my -plan,' ; I said, - wtien tio had somewhat calmed .himself. I warn you, ' first of all, that it may appear to yqu theatrical in -the first place, iand ,de- seorating to the memory of your daugtiter in- the seopud place. But l oan think pf jqo . other plan, and I leave it entirely to you whether I shall go through with it or not.' ;- Whatever yon Buggest,' he returned, hali be done. Let justice be thought of before all -else." ." Tell me.your plan.' \- ; It is merely this,' -I said, quietly, 'When I looked on your daughter's faoe a moment ago, 1 was struok by her resemblance to a coinsin of mine — a young aotress, Mile. Julie dp Meran. It ooourred fo me then . and there that I . might prevail upon , her to come to. this chateau at midnight in a month's time, and to impersonate the spirit of your departed child. Taken to the apartments of thje suspected paities, the guilty one would surely proclaim his guilt when brought f ace to face at that weird hoar , of midnight with, the phantom, as he would Buppose, of his poor viotim; . The admission of guilt once mode, all details as to the purpose and method if the crime could "be. elicited, .and taen down by me bom outside the ohamber door. The plan is a strange one, 'but I toitih it is worth trying, and, iggto'.ttiiui that, Monsieur Monoy. , I think one other thing.' ; And that is?' he cried, his eyes on fire with exoitement.' I think,' I returned, deliberately, ' that " it will suooeed. j There was a long pause. Then he spoke and the words came firmly; My friend,' he said, 1 the plan is a ter rible one, and to kid yQu in it will be an ordeal such as I have never imagined. But. since at the end of it there may" be sncoes I.aay to you, ' Go on with yonr scheme, and may Heaven help yon to disoover the niurderer of my poor tittle .Gabrielle.' : 'Discovering thepulprit,' I made answer, will be useless, unless we oan fasten the giiilt on him, and that is. my reason for -for- -ninlating the strange . spheme of whioti I have told yon. However, it- is possible that between now and the next few weeks some other way of doing justice on.the.murderCr wjiti be found/ ;iu- wnioti caBeVof"cbursei my fantastio.proposition will be dispensed- with.' ;' Beitso,' he made. answer, after a pause. It is now-the 7th of- August. If by Sep tember 7 the myBtery is not oleared-np, I- Will telegraph to you, ' Come to Yillefort,' and yoa will understand that the message is your authority, to pat yonr plan into action; ; I ; understand;' J returned ; ' And; now let me give yon some instructions as to what is to be done in case I am sent for. Tn'the; first place, nobody is to know of my coming; ' and,8ecoudly,the keys of the doors of your- secretary: and .nephew mnBt: be taken away so that .their apartments can tie .entered. The. slightest . obstacle in our way might upset i the. whole affair moBt completely. . 'He assured me that these points should' have, hi? attention, and then we shook hands and said adieu. ; . .-. ; ' A mouth passed. At ten a.m. on Sep tember .7 I . received a telegram. It simply said, '.Come to Yillefort.' I - knew then that -the myBtery -was still unsolved, and ttiat it remained with me to help to solve it;' ' My Cousin Julie took in the whole affair immediately, . and, so far from refusing her assistance, gladly proffered it when she stie realised the importance cf the issue at s|ake. therefore oame to pass that as the clocks : were, pealing the hour of midnight on : September. 7, Julie nnd myself knocked softly at itie . house door, and were admitted juuiiuouc jiioney.. ; | '.Come, in,' he said, his -hands 'shaking''' With . nervousness which he tried to master. , .Come in, and let us get this awful scene over.' j ' At this moment he oaught.Bight of Jnlie, mid he' reeled. . j tMerpiful Efeavens l' tie cried ; -' what . a rpsemblanoe. It is my daughter's living- image.' . . , : Bush !' I cried,- fearful lest' his voice might disturb the inmates of the house.' Hush! and let us. lose no time.'- Conduot- ps first of all to the apartment of yoiir nephew.' .. . . , . 'Ahl' he cried; ' thenit is him yoU-kus-- peotf . . . , Be good enough monsieur, to wait and Spe.' J> ... - - ' :' frYTe reached Ihis apartment of Ernest 'Monoy, and found the door : elightly ajar.-: The room was in darkness save fo?>; the> moonlightj Whioh came fitfully througtithe. blind- ' Julie, trembling slightly, but thor- < oughly palm,. .glided, into te, rppm, -and touched the sleeping man on the shodlder." ' ' He awoke with a low cry. 'Mon Dion ! It is the apparition, of: Gabrielle come back from the - grave !' ; ' Yes ; ifc ia I — Gabrielle!' she said, in a Ipw tone ; 'I have come back to find who wasmy murderer.' : ' It is not I !' he said. I loved yon too - well, Gabrielle, to- injure you, and sinoe. your death I have tried in vain to find your. assassin.' : '-It. is i . well, she returned, in the same ' tone. .'Adieu.' : ' Money, fell haok in a fainting condition, and Jntie rejoined ns. - ' Our next; step was to go to the room of the Secretary Yantrin. Here a terrible scent ooourred, for no sooner had the man's gaze fallen - upon the midnight visitor, than he jumped from his oouph, and shrieked out : i ' Ah! God help mo, have meroy upon me ! It is the phantom of Gabrielle come back to haunt me since I took her life. Help ! help! help!' 'Becalm,' said Jnlie, 'and tell me why yon took my life.' ; 'Do yon not know? Turn away your eyes that they may not pierce my soul, and T will tell you.. That night — that awful night of August 6, do you .not remember. I insulted you, and you swore to tell your -father, on his return, of the insult.' 'Foam was on his tips- He wiped it away, and went on, hoarsely : \- .'1 knew that if your father heard of my behaviour, I was. mined. My position in this tiouse was .destroyed, and— worBe than thato-my prospects blasted- in the future. A Buddeu thought wpiced by ttiefiend oame to the, mid that thought said, ' Kill her, and then she can do yon no harin.' 'Onto again he wiped his lips with the sheet. ' Go on,' said the white-rohed figure, ' tell me all.' 'All! There is tittle more to. tell. A year previously, a college - friend bad- sent me some strychnine for - experimental use in oonneotion with a treatise I was writing on chemistry, and that strychnine lay in my desknnnsed. Going to the desk, I took the powder and emptied the whole of it into itie milk-jng left by the Bervant on the tray outside yonr room, your customary drink in the nights. I flattered myself that detection was out of the question, for who was to know that I deared your removal ? and it seemed to- me also that suspioion wonld fall on your cousin, -who would benefit by your death.' You have no more to say?' asked the qmet figure at the bedside. : No more.' But, if you would not drive, nip mad, leave ' me now, , and promise that' . yon .witi return -no more. . Eor-rather than : be, tiauhtod by yon, I swear that I . will detoroy' myself at once, or .surrender myself to the police at daybreak.' . iThere is no need for either of those acts, . .MqnsietoY&utrin;,' -I orie,d, bursting into thei;p9ti>, followed by M. Money, .'for the pplifie will spve- you the trouble of giving yoiwsrif up.": 'You are my prisoner., I" arrest' you in itie name of the Republic on yopr own copfes'sion of the wilful murder of itodemoi8elleGabriell9 Money.' ' f He'tried to speak, but words failed him. His jaw dropped, his eyes started from his head"; if -'ever hopeless despair was written in a man's faoe, it was written in his face then. He made no resistance when I hand cuffed him, and submitted to being led away tbthe police depot without a word. : ? HiS confeasiGn, taken down by me, and witnessed by Julie. and Monsieur Money/, was duly brought up at his trial,, and. he was, of ; course, found gnilty. He went to the iVuillotine, probably the first iinaii in the hu- tory of crime whose confession of guilt had berii extracted by snoh means as I have re lated, and which means, I claim, were the iepaHfof the imaginative instinot whioti is essentiar to ttie suooess of the -deteotive of to-day.' 