MISFORTUHES NEVER COME ALOASE; HEALTH BETTER THAN WEALTH. DEATH MAKES A DOUBLE ATTACK, BUT IS FOILED BY DODD'S KID NET PILLS. Whilo ID tlio best of health it is risky to explore tlie crazy and rotten workings of an abandoned mind. When tlio eyea aro dimmed with disease and tho muscles con tracted .with pain;-it is indeed dangerous to gropo amongst tho murky drives and tho subterranean chambers which the supersti tious peoplo with the phantoms of their ox cited fancy. Many an- old mine in this colony has tho reputation of being haunted by the ghosts of its victims. Tho most likely wrnith to meet in thom, however, is species of doath, asjtlio following will show : " Orange Gardens, Maryborough. " 14th October, 1S98. " The "Doddh Medicine Co., " Up till two months ago my health was very unsatisfactory. I had rheumatic pains in the back and legs, whioh grew worse. While engaged with a mate exploring an abandoned mine at Mariner's Keef for gold I caught cold, and had the misfortuno to meet with an accident. I fell 30 feet down the shaft, narrowly escaping death and meeting with severe injuries to the back and head. This, coming on ray former ill-health, pros trated mo altogether. At this time a friend brought me two boxes of Dodd's Kidney Pills, which I took and continued. They havo effected a-wonderful chango. I am now in the best of health, and grateful for the good dono me. "Yours, ALBBBT JONES. V Had Mr Jonos taken Dodd's Kidney Fills beforo oxamining the old mine he might have been Baved the accident. With braced tnusoles and alert eyes, which are the index of health, tho slip which precipitated him down tho shaft would not havo happened. If he has not yet got the gold he sought he has obtained something infinitely better in the shapo of good health; Dodd's Kidnoy Pills arc sold by all chcmists and storekeepers at 2s 6d a box, six boxes for fourteen shillings and sixpence, or will be sent-, post paid, on receipt of price by Tho Dodd's Medicine Co. Melbourne. A sea monster called a grampus, measuring nearly 20ft iu length and 7ft in girth, was washed ashore at Hampton on-Sea (England). At a sale iu London a piece of Persian silk carpet of tho 16th century. realised 1 £840. Six early copies of Walton's " Compleat ^Angler " sold for'£235. At the sale of tho late "William Morris' library a M.S. Bible fetched £302. A snuff-box which be longed to George IV. sold for £30. Weston Underwood, near Olney, "the estate in Bucks noted for its association with the poet Cowper, was sold by auc tion for £40,500. A block in Newcastlc on-Tyne, known as the Central Exchange Buildings, sold for £337,000, at the rate of £100 a yard. 