GffiPTER nr. Eighteen months went by. I'had been obliged to (travel; great trials and great joys bad impassioned my life amidst the tempest) gust which carries us all towards the Unknown. But at certain moments still 1 beard the woeful cry— Angelinel Angeline! Atigeline!' approach froni afar and penetrate me. And then I trem bled. full of doubt once mor?, tortured by my desira to know. I could not forg«4;j . for hie there is no worec bell than un<| V tointy. 1 I cannot say it was that one splendid June evening, I again found my self on my bicycle on the lonely road that passes La Sau vagi ere. Had I cspresdy wished to see the place again, or* was it n ere instinct that impelled me to quit the highway and turn in that direction 1 It vai nearly 8 (o'clock, but those being the longest days of the year, the sky was still radiant with a triumphant sunset, cloud less, all gold and azure. And how1 light and delicious was the atmosphere, how pleasant the scent of foliage and grass, how softly, sweetlv joyous the far stretch ing peacefulness of the fields!— As on the first occasion amaJsemenfc made me spring from my machine in front of La ftauvagiere. I ,hesitated for a mom ent. The place was'no longer the same. k' fine new iron gate glittered in the sun set, the walls had been repaired, aiid the house, which I could scarcely distinguish among the trees, seemed to have regained the smiling gaiety of youth. Was this, (hen, the predicted resurrection ? Had Angelina returned to life at the rail of the <Jistapt voice T d , , I had remained on the road thunder struck, still gazing, when a halted footfall made he start, 1 filmed and saw Mother Touesaint bringing her cow back from a neighboring patch of lucerne. 'So* these folks were not frightened, eli ?' said T, pointing to the bouse. She recognised me and stopped lier btast. 'Ah, monsieur !' she answered, 'there arc people who would tread on an gels themselves t The place has been sold for move than year now. But it was a painter who bought it, a painter named Briant, and those artiste, you know, capable of anything !' Then die drove on 'her cow, shaking her head, and adding, 'Well, well, we must see how it will all turn out.' Briant, the painter, the delicate and skiifutai'tist who had pourtroyed bo many amiable Parisiennes S ■ I knew him a little/ We shook hands when we met at theatres and shows—wherever* indeed, p:ople arc apt to meet. Thus, all at on"e, an irresistible longing seized me to go in, make my confession to him, and beg him to tell me what he knew of this Sauv agicre. whose mystery ever haunted me. And without . reasoning, without thought , even-of my dusty cycling suit, vhlch custom, by the way, is-now "ren dering permissible, I opened tlie gate and relied my bicycle as fai< as the mossy trunk of an old tree. At the clear call of, a bell affixed to the (gate a servant came. I handed him my card, and lie lift me for amoment in the garden. My surprise increased still more when [ glanced around me. The house front had baen repaired ; there were no more cracks, no more disjointed bricks ; the Fteps, girt with roses, were once more like the threshold of joyous welcome ; and now the living windows smiled and spoke of happiness behind their snowy curtains. Then, too, there "was the garden rid of its nettles and brambles, the flower bed re viviscent, resembling a huge and fragrant nosegay, and the old trees, standing amid the quietude o'jepnturies, r wenafced by the golden rain of the sunjf jr sun. Wh$n the iservant rey <ed he led me to a drawing-roora, sayqr Jiat his master had gone to the neigidr tig village, but vculd soon be home. V /ould have wait ed for hours. At first I took patience in examining the room, which was elegantly furnished, with heavy carpets, and win dow ahd door curtains of cretonne simi lar \to that which upholstered the large Settee and the deep arm chairs. The hangings were, tndfecd, so full that I was astonished at the sudden fall of the day light. Then cawe darkness almost perfect. I know not how long Istayed there. I had been forgotten. No lamp^was even brought me. Seated in the gloom, I once again yielded to my dreams and lived ti'rough the whole tragic story. * Had Angeline been murdered Y Or had she herself thrust a knife into her heart ? And T must confess it. in that haunted house, where all had become so black, fear seized upon nie—fear which was at (he outset but slight uneasiness, a little creeping of the flesh, and which after wards grew, froze me head to foot, till I was filled with insane fright. Iti seemed jto me at first that vague sounds were echoing somewhere. Tvvas doubtless in the depths of the cellars. There were low moans, etlfled eobi, foot' step-; as of some phantom. Then it all a&ocuJr-l; and drew nearer ; the whole dark house seemed to uic full of that frightful anguish." Alt at once the terrible call arose— 'Ang line ! Angeline ! Angelina J'with Hiic-Ii increasing force that I fancied I ci uld feel a puff of icy breath sweep across jny face. A door of the drawing-room was flung open violently ; Angeline entered and crossed the room without* seeing me. I recognised her in the flash of light which catnc in from the hall, where a Lamp was burning. 'Twas really she, the poor dead child, twelve years of age, so [marvellous ly beautiful. Her splendid fair hair Ml over her shoulders, and she was clad in white ; she had come all white from, the grave whence every night (she rose. Mute, scared, die passed before me and vanished through another door, whilst again the cry rang tout, further away— 'Angeline ! Angeline ! Angeline !' And I—I remained erect, my brow wet with perspiration, in a state of horror, which made my hair stand on end, be neath the terror-striking J>last that had come from the MysteriousT -Almost immediately afterwards, I fancy, at the moment when a servant at last brought a lamp, I became conscious that Briaut, the painter, was beside me, shaking juy hand, and apologising for ha ving kept me waiting so long. I show ed no false pride but still quivering with dread, I at once told him my story. And with what astonishment did he not listen to me, .and then with what kindly laugh ter did he not seek to reassure me. 'You are doubtless unaware, my dear fellow, that I am a cousin of the second Madame de Ghent. Poor woman ! To accuse her of having murdered that child, she who= loved her and wept for her as much as the father did himself. For the only point that is true is that tiie poor little girl did die here, not, thank heaven, ,by her own hand, but from a sudden fever v hich struck her down like a thunderbolt, in such wiec that the parents forsook tb»3 house in horror and would n 'ver return to it. This explains why it so long re mained empty even in their lifetime. Af ter their death came endless- law suits, which prevented it from being sold. I wished to secure it myself ; I patched It for years, and I assure you that since we have been here we have seen no ghost.' The little quiver came over me again, and I stammered—'But, Angeline, I have just ceeu her, here, this moment! Tho terrible voice was calling her, and sho pulsed by, she crossed this room !' He looked at me in dismay, fancying that my mind was affected. Then, all at once he again broke out Into a sonorous, happy laugh. 'It was jny daughter whom you saw. It so happens that M. de Ghent was her god- father; and in memory of his own dear daughter lie chose for her the name of Angeline. No doubt her mother was calling her just now, and she passed through this room,' Then he himself opened a' door, and once more raised tho cry, Angeline! Angeline! Angeline!' The child returned, not d&ad;, but liv ing, sparkling with juvenile gaiety. 'Twas she in her white gown, with her splendid fair hair falling over btt shoulders, and eo beautiful, so radiant with hope, that ifec looked like an incarnation of all the v springtide of -.life, bearing in the bud the promise of love and the promise of long years of happiness. . . ■ - Ait! the deaiTevenante, the new child that had sprung from the 011c that was no more! Death was!vanquished, 'My<old friend, the poet Viagil, had told no false hood. Nothing 'is lost, renascence conies to all. to beauty as well as love. Moth er's voice calls them, those losses of to-day, .' those sweethearts of to-morrow, and they live afresh beneath the sun, amid the Si>wr . ers. And 'twas that awakening of .youth * that now haunted the house—the house; wliich had once more become young atjd^,. hippy, in the joy at last regained thai springs from life eternal. " „ ■ —'The Scotsman.' 