JIM FLAIINERTY’S GHOST. "So you really believe in ghosts. Brian?” said I. "Sure, your honor,” returned Brian with n grin, “it's not for me to disbelieve what I’ve seen wid my own eyes." ‘‘Do you mean to say,” exclaims my friend Smith, “ that you nave actually seen c. ghost?” ■ Faith, thin, an’ it’s myself saw one not two weeks ago, as plain as I see you at this minit. More by token, 'twas that same ghost got me my Mary, the purtiest girl in the wliolo village; not to spake ov an illigant cottage an’ a thrifle ov gowld be side.” “ Come, that sounds interesting. Couldn’t you give us .a description of this obliging apparition ?” ‘‘ Is it an account o’ the ghost that ye’re wantin'? Sure, an’ I'll give it ye wid the greatest playsure in life, only ye’ll not bo repateing it to any livin' crayture, or, faith, I'd niver hear the last ov it?” We promise silence; and accordingly Brian, duly fortified with a glass of his favorite liquor proceeds. " Ye were maybe acquainted, gintlemen, wid ould Larry O’Donaghue?” Unfortunately we never had that honor. ‘‘ An’ small loss to ye, aither,” quoth Brian. “ But he was Mary’s father, an' a purty father too; but that’s naither here nor there. Well, I was a sort ov relation ov his; so, whin my mother died—she was a widdy—l wint to live wi’ him ah’ Mary. She was a girl ov twelve thin, an’ myself wasn’t much older; but ye see I Jived there seven years, an' by' that time I was grown uncommon fend ov Mary; not that she’d •ever listen to me, the crayture. whin I wanted to tell her so; but still she didn’t seem >to mislike me. Well, I’d saved a thritte, an’ I. was arnin’ fair wages; so I’d jist made up my mind_to ask Mary to be my wife, whin who should turn up but Jim Flannerty, bad cess to him! Now, Jim was a sort ov cousin ov ould O’Donaghue; an' he’d left his ship on sick leave, though you would not have thowt it, to look at him, seein’ he was as red as a carrot. Av coorse, ho wor always in an’ out ov Ihe house, an’ seemed mighty' sthrnck wi’ Mary, an' she wi’ him. Well, the long an’ the short ov it was that ould O'Donaghue sent me on a fool’s errand to Dublin; an' whin I come back, Mary an’ Flannerty' wor engaged. Av coorse, I couldn’t stay at home after.that, so I jist wint away; an’ i didn’t come back for two years. “ Well, I returns one day, an’ I finds ould O'Donaghue dead, an' Mary livin’ in the cottage wid an’ ould aunt. ‘ Sure, it’s myself, Mary,' says I. ‘ Arrah, thin, don’t bo onaisy!—An’ it's Mrs Flannerty that yo’ll be now?’ for I wanted to make sure, ye see- So thin it comes out that Jim Flannerty’s not been heard of for a year an’ more, an’ the ship he sailed in’s lost. Well, I was .mighty glad to hear that Flan nerfey was out ov the way; though, av coorse, I was rale sorry for Mary, an’ did my best to comfort her. However, she wouldn’t noways believe that Jim was drowned. ‘ Sure, but it’s on some desert island that he is,’ says she; an’ not all my talking could git that out ov her head. “ Well, one evenin’ she an' I was walk ing along by the river, an’ says I —' Mary mavourneen, will you be my wife, for I’ve loved you pince the day I first set eyes on you?' ' Och, thin, Brian O’Brady,’ says she, 'but I’m promised to Jim.' ‘ ’Deed, thin, Mary alanna,’ says I, ' but it’s dead and drowned that he is, so take mo instead, an’ it’s not repenting it that ye’ll be.’ ‘ I’ll not believe that he’s dead,’ says she, ‘ till I see his ghost!' ‘‘An’ would you believe it? That very minit I turns .round, an' sees the ghost be hind us!" (I here interrupt Brian to ask for some description of the spectre.) "Well, ye see, I didn’t obsarve it very particular, for Mary, av coorse, screams an' drops down in a faint; but I jist re marked 'twas mortal an’ flames was cornin’ out ov its mouth an’ nose an' shoot in’all over it." (“ Oh, come now!” breaks in Smith, but subsides on my looking at him reproving -1 “ An’ there was an awful smell ov sul- Shur an' bumin’ about it,” continues rian, “ though I wouldn’t say it to Mary, for fear ov hurtin' her feelin’s. Well, she soon comes round, an’ says she—' Where’s tho'ghost, Brian?’ " It’s vanished,” says I. “ An’ was it Jim Flannerty’s?” says she, very low. ‘‘"Av coorse it was,” says I. “Did he spake to ye, Bryant, darlint? says she. “We had a few ruinits’ conversation, says !• . , ~ . „„ “ An’ what was it ye were Bayin , thin r “Troth, an’ i ll tell ye the whole.” says i. “The ghost says to me—(l’ll jist put my arm around ye. Mary, and thin ye needn’t be afraid) the ghost says, “ Brian O’Brady 1” says he. “Jim Flannerty,” says I. “You're an'honest fellow, ’ says he. “Troth, ye’re payin’ me too great a com pliment,” says I, for I thowt it best to be civil, ye see. “ By no manes,” says he. Will ye do me a favor?” “ Wid tho greatest playsure in life, says I. ‘<-I’m engaged to a young woman, says he —(Don’t scream Mary, darlint;l’m hold in’ ye tight)—“an’ present circumstances don’t allow ov my marryin’; will you take her instead ov me?” , “ Sure, it’s proud an glad that I 11 be to do it,” says I. And wi’ that the ghost vanishes. “ So, Mary, darlint, there’s nought against our bein’ married at once.” , , , . “ Well, the long an the short o it is, we were married that week; an’ it’s as happy' as the day is long that we are now." a roar of laughter from Smith greets the conclusion of Brian's narrative. " What is tho matter?” I enquire. "Whv. I was the ghost!” replies lie. “ I say," Brian, did you ever hear of lumi nous paint?” , “ Sure, thin, your honor, my own grand father painted half the houses in K— so it's few paints bhat I haven’t seen, seem he used to make me mix them.” “ AVell, if he covered tne houses with lu minous paint, it was rather a brilliant idea of his, though I don’t suppose that it did actually occur to him. foil see this mix ture here, Brian? Well, if it were dark, ami I rubbed some of this on. smy object, that object would at once look bright and shining, and appear to cive out light.’ (> “ Sure that’s mighty clever, your honor, savs Brian. . “ I had been trying for a long time, continues Smith, to find out of what this paint is composed, and some evenings ago 1 succeeded in discovering the secret. I was so delighted with my-success that I did not wait to rub the stuff from ,my hands and face, but rushed down to my friend Pro fessor Nichol’s, to show him the result of my experiments. I remember I went along by the river; so you see that I must have been your mortal ugly ghost (Smith is a handsome fellow, and .a favorite with the ladies) who unconsciously did you such a good turn. The ghostly ‘ conversation existed, I presume, only in your imagma ll “ I Sure, didn’t I think all the time that 'twas mightv like yourself, Mr Smith, savs Brian drily. ~ “Then why did you tell us that it was Flannerty?” Lenquire. “Arrah, thin, but Jim Flannerty wor uncommon like your honor’s friend, as you'd see if he were standin’ there this minit: so why shouldn’t their ghosts be alike too?” And Brian took his depart ure, leaving us laughing over his ready wit and inventive genius. 