BREVITIES. Up to Monday morning 105 points of rain fell at Cumnock. It is illegal lor jockeys under tbe age of 14 to ride in races. For Asthmatioal Coughs and Colds take Woods' Great Peppermint Dure, 1/6 and 2/C Mr. Sohey is the selected protection ist candidate tor tne JXortnumberland vacancy. Compared witb last year, there is an increased area of land under wheat this year. Mr. and Mrs. Bothwell, old resi dents' of Forbes and Parkes districts, both died last week. Elsewhere a reward is offered for tovwfcij ui uuaia May oauuia mi[e| lost from Manildra. See advt. Mr. ? and Mrs. ? bad better keep an oye on their gee-gees, other wise the Inspector will trot them round to the Poandyard. Tbe Lismore Federal League has refused tbe services of 'Meagher, M.P., as an advocate for the cause. ' No man ever wa3 mire damaged by his own ghosts rising up bafore mm wun me spectacle ot nis own nnntterable shame than this man Beid.' — Hughes. The Minister for Mines states that there is a distinct revival in the min ing industry. The monthly return of the New Sonth Wales Mines Department shows that the quantity of gold won during May was 14,911oz. Mr. Cook, Minister for Mine;, says be is determined to put a stop to the shepherding of mining leases for the mere purpose of selling them. 011100 «januury i ia.si a\j vessels coo Ducted with the Australasian shipping trade have been totally wrecked. Mr. W. B. Melville has decided to contest tho Northumberland seat as a staunch Billite. All the other candi dates are against the Secret Conference Measure, so that friend William should Bland a good chance of topping the poll. A correspondent tells us that the Billitos will muster in strong force at the Cumnock polling booth. Yes-No, we believe it. It is almost an assured fact that Mr. Jas. Say will be permanently ap we can't say exactly when. The Hon. F. Jago Smith, M.L.C., intends speaking on the Federal Bill iu tbe chief centres of tho electorate, commencing at Molong on Monday night next. Mr. Smith is a very fair spoakcr, and always has a good grip of the question he is dealing with. The residents of Millthorpe district want to ue tacgau on to ino urange electorate again. A splendid cako of retorts! gold tm been brought to the Commercial Banking Company, Circoar, by the tributors of Gillyimnt Goldfiolds, weighing 239az., worth £1000. Mining m ilters are q-tiet at Cino wiodra. Goal stone is baing raised at ' Teraora Jack's' claim, the Qaeen of the limjes, and as Webb's Reef, Stockyard Gaily. Tho Bluo Jacket mine is under suspension from labor conditions. Just now the newspapers contiin « 1,,, 1. k\\- ' o„.i people aro getting sick of it. And little wouder, too. Mrs. Vitnall, w f .' of tbo pxtinister at Eugowra, died 1 Fri.liy from typhoid at Ma lgeo. Sue bivsi four young children. If you are short sighted or long sighted, go to E. BlajkaddeF) and he will sell you a pair of Spsctasles that will suit you. a mannan naniri att iw, iu ur m 1 daylight bolted from a Molong private hospital last week. Evidently he h.i'l | just heard of thaie birtb-dtaias, and be felt broad-arrowed. — Tuuru. From a letter received, wo are glad to hear that tho Bsv. \V. C. Hughes and family are once more happily settled in their new home at K ig^rah. It is a difficult thing to knock about Molong without running up again -it an insurance agent of some kind. Nearly every business mm represents at least a fire office. Alderman E. J. Hamey is deter mined to have something orectod which will connect East Molong with the town. Mr. Sommerville recently spake at Ciugowra, agatasimu cuuurai uuauuug Bill, and had a very good reception. Mr. John Oakei, of Orange, drew April Fool in ' Tattersall's ' sweep on the Birthday Cap, and so swe9ps in a nice little cheque of £510. Outside political circles, Mr. J. T. Walker is the only prominent man of finanoe who is in favor of the Bill. General Booth on his appearance in Sydney lately was noticed to be the wearer of a shiney hat. Asked the reason, he said that his position was now one of importance and be must conform to tne custom 01 tne time. Thursday last was the 70th anni veraary of the foundation of the oolony of Western Australia. Sorab cutting is in fall swing at Collarendabri. One seleotor, itis said, had over 8000 sheep three months ago, but now his flock doesn't connt 200. When knooking spots off the BUI ; Jast yearlleid said the ^Braddon -Blot muatoome out. In bis Bill lie Iim allowed it to be fixed for tea yaaa; and afterwards until tbe Padiament otherwise ptoyidea. ; And yet he has, about bia'PoUticaLhonectgr, ud Jiints that tie willbe th6 FedMsl^romla; ?atooth^ |w^^^might It is expected that £8000 will be distributed during tbe present week under the Advances to Settlers Act. There are 154 entries for the Caul field Cup, 148 for tbe Melbonrne Cup, and 61 for the Champion Race. The town pumps have gone a little astray lately, and Aldermen Parker, Hamey and Carroll have been told off to see them put in order. Alderman Carroll will be glad when they are fixed. People won't come borrowing buckets of water then, eh Sergeant J Harrison, Jones and Devlin report having sold for Ii. Wallace, rail Molong, G22 wethers lis 9d to IBs Id. For L. N. Smith, 196 wethers 13s 6d. The Gasworks shows a surplus for tbe month of May of £12 10s 2d. That's encouraging, but it should be still better for June. Woods' Great Peppermint Core for Coughs and Colds never fails, 1/G and '2/6. Her Majesty appears to have baen at ber wits end for someone to give a title to this time, so long were they in coming. No one will object to the Mayor of Sydney being granted the ' honour.' It was good luck Matthew Harris happened to be Mayor at the time. Chiof Justice Way should have boon decorated long ago. This dilatoriness has now been made np for by a baronetcy. Of course, Sir S. Way is a ' P.C.' It shows that tbo Home Authorities are rathor hard up for objects, two mon only, in all Australia. There are three Premiers in tbis continent to-day unknigbted, two of them have refused tho ' honour' It is generally kuowu tbat B.irton refused a handle, at least once, many years ago, when he was Spjaker. Reid says when be takes a title he will have gone ;n.vl. Owing to being unable to buy wheat at the market price, Mr. Jas. uaiton oas oeen oungea 10 aiscnarge a number of hands from his mill at Orange. Instead of working 21 hours a day the mill will, until tho wheat is attainable at market value, work only 12 hours. j When will the Council attend to the Inspector of Nuisances' constant cry for lights on vehicles after dark ? Every Council night the I.O.N, winds up his report with such an appeal, and the aldermen smile and — well, that's all. The Melbol-rs-e Age says that ' the capital is sure to be in .Melbourne, and tbo so-called cunning and astute George Iteid Lai bjen dimply dished like a dinner. ' Anyhow, the capital is to bo temporarily in Melbourne, and ' temporarily ' may mean a devilishly long time. Impounded at Eugowra on 8l~t May, 1H99, from Horse Shoe Ligjon, by order of V. Burrett, E-q., Yellow Day Gelding, star, hind feet white, collar marked, like faint brand near shoulder, like AC (conjoined) owr S off shoulder, 1G hands. If ni- released will bo sold at thU pound at noon on tbe 22a 1 June, 183d. There was a general chmgj of bu:i- j uma FLcmijL-s i. v..umuui.» Mr. Beschko, saddler, removed to hi = new shop opposite Mossr-;. A. J. Finch & Sons' sioro. Mr. Wilcox, tailor, removed to ono of Mr. Tbo?. Barter's new buildings. Tbe Post Offico was removed to tbo building recently tenanted by Mr. T. March and family, and March & Soa3 have removed to tboir new premises on the opposite side of tho street. Mr. LyQe advocates Armidale as the Federal CaDit.il. because it will be in the centre of two large and tbe most populous colonies. Lyne has boon fairly consistent all through. At the Convention he was about tbe only one who fought for hi3 oolony as agaiust the other colo nies ; the other members from N.S.W. were so influoncod by the noblo senti ment of Australian Nationality tbat thoy did not descend to common busi ness details. Dr. Cullen says that wo must ba prepared to make sacrifices for Feder ation, which wonld bo unpardonable in a business deal. Mr. Nash, a cold blooded financier, says be considers that sentiment simply sublime. One of the applicants for tha vacant position of medical officer to the Wal geit Hospital suiuju ruai ue was a Frenchman and could spoak over a dozen different languages. In spite of this fact tbe committee didn't entertain his application. An important item frem Albury is that the growing of lucerne on wheat land is proving a big snocess, and on one station in the district 8000 fat sheep have been turned out tbis season as the result of the lucerne growing experiment. The following particulars show the quantity of wheat stacked at country railway stationson May 27 : — Corowa, O RfYI oanlo ? ftw\Alrlain« fllQfl ? Wnl. ling ton, 6,500 ; Coolamon, 8888 ; Burrnmbuttock, 8,000 ; Henty, 1,500 ; Hopefield, 250 ; Old Junee, 100 ; Oowra, 69; total .88,750 sacks. A woman died in the Moreo Hospi tal on Wednesday from exhaustion, conseqaent on a neglected whitlow on a finger. She could neither sleep nor lake food for three weeks, as the pain was so great. She resided 70 miles away, and was in an almost exhausted condition when brooeht in for medical treatment. : A terrible explosion occurred at :iniilday on Sunday, at Darling Harbor. A toiler bf the tug boat Omea burst, blowing the vessd literally ont of existence* : The ^ug j&fttpel; Amesa, Hown The ibor* g 