THE YEAR'S TEMPTATION, j [BY GEORGE H. THOMAS.] PART II. I TUE pamphlet, "How to Invest," which had raisBtl in the mind of the Hov. Richard Waldon the idea of acquiring riches without the trouble of working for them in a legitimate and thoroughly orthodox way, differed only in detail from hun- dreds of similar works that had preceded it.and lured gullible people on to their ruin. The suggestion set forth in the present case was to the effect that a syndicate should be formed to pur- chase certain £1 shares of a gold mine in Africa which now stood at £10 each, and which must in the very near future considerably in ' crease in value. Tho market, it fur- ner prophesied, waa certain to rise in leaps and bounds. Nothing was allowed for contingencies of any sort. To-day the shares stood at a certain figure ; to-morrow tliuy would rise, as they would also on eacit succeeding day, so that by the end of a fortnight tho participators in the speculation would receive tho most satisfactory return for their in- vestments. The pamphlet, besides contain- ing the most confidential and ex- plicit instructions, also gave copies of letters from a dozen or more clients, amongst whom figured the names of several clergymen and people above suspicion, expressing their complete satisfaction at having been concerned in similar syndi- cates. It did not, however, contain copies of letters written bj' persons -respectable or otherwise-who had participated in previous transactions of a like nature, expressive of their disgust at having been swindled. This omission doubtless was merely accidental on the part of the authors of the pamphlet-a detail too utterly unimportant to print. Had tho Rev. Richard Waldon been a man of business instincts, the omission of such particulars would not have passed unnoticed ; it would also have occurred to him that in all speculations-what is ono man's gain must be another man's loss, and that as a minister of the Church, to say the least, he was mixing himself up in a very questionable undertaking. But tho Rev. Richard Waldon thought of none of these things. He was a simple country parson, who of late had developed a discontented disposition, forgot his mission as good men are sometimes apt apt to do, and hankered after the fleshpots of Egypt al the expense of much, misery, to hiutself and no little to his wife and rafííér"fargo family. About a week after he had made his bold and ill-considered bid for fortune ho waa walking to- wards the village when he met Josiah Smithers, who had just re- turned from his daily visit to London. "Good afternoon, vicar." " Good afternoon, Smithers. Just returned from tho great city, eh ? And pray what is the latest news in your circle ?" "Yon mean on the Stock Ex- citan go ?" " Precisely,'' said the vicar be- nignly. "Well, then, there's rather bad nows for speculators." " Indeed ! Indeed ! Smithers." This time the vicar spoke in more serious vein. " Yes, it is very bad, though not altogether unexpected to those in tho know. These sudden rises in shares end in falls quite as rapid ; in fact, generally more so. It's easier to fall than to rise, you know, and much the same rule applies in shares. Perhaps you have heard ! about tho boom, as wo call it, in j African gold mines ; though I don't sujiposo you take any interest in ¡ these sort of things, do you ?" said Smithers, looking at the vicar very hard in tho face. " N-n-no, not exactly ; though I am always interested in the ways of the world. What has gone wrong ?" " Oh, only a few thousands of foolish peojile's money gone for over. There has been a great rush lately for shares in some mines known as the 4 Matilda/ or as the chaps on 'Change dub them, ' Tillys.' " At this nows tho vicar visibly shook, and turned pale, so that Smithers quickly asked " Why, sir, what is the matter ? Are yon ill ? Surely yon haven't been ' hit' have you ?" " I confess to f-f-feeling some- what upset, Smithers," the vicar stammered out. "My daughter Milly was taken ill a week ago. We thought it was only a bilious attack, but it turns out to bo fever-fever fever 1" Tho vicar's mind was beginning to wander. He ? suddenly ceased speaking and stared wildly about. Then partially recovering his self possesion, he hold-a thing he had never done in IIÍB lifo before-his hand out to Smithers andsaid "Excuse me, Smithers, I am hurrying to the chemist for some medicine now. Ah, thank you," as Smithers offered to steady the shaking man. " Illness-fever-is such an unpleasant thing in one's house, I am quite nervovs about it. I must go. Good afternoon." " By-the-bye, vicar, just a minute. How is the Church ^Restoration fund getting on ? Let me walk a part of the way with you ; I am rather anxious to hear." Tho vicar made no objection to Smithers' proposal ; indeed, he made no reply. " I suppose you will be making a start with the work soon? Isn't there a meeting of the committee thia evening i I'll be there if pos- sible. They will be surprised to hear that the fund has grown so considerably. You needn't say who gave the hundred pounds, if you haven't already." "N" , no, ¡Smithers, I have not said a word about it yet. I-I-I thoug ,c I would keep it for a sur- prise. ' Are you really coming to the meeting ? I thought you didn't take so much interest in our church affairs." " I thought of coming merely to seo the look of wonder and astonish- ment on their faces on hearing of the anonymous donation. It will be such fun, yon know." " Pardon me, Smithera.but I must hurry. Tho medicino is urgently wanted." Smithers stood and watched the retreating form of the vicar as he walked quickly towards the village. " That remark of mine went home at any rate. Silly old man to dabble in things he knows nothing about. Tliia will teach him a lesson, I hope." O 9 O * » "Richard! Richard !" cried Mrs. Waldon, as she looked up at the entrance of the vicar after his visit to the village. "Why, you look deathly. Surely you are not going to be ill, too." , " 111 ! Ill 1" moaned the vicar in a strange and hollow voice, as he threw himself into a chair ; would to heaven that I were dead already. Leave me, Mildred. There's the medicine ; take it to the child." "I shall send for tho doctor at once. Richard. Let me help you to bed." " Mildred 1" said the vicar, with perfect composure, but in a stern and commanding voice such as Mrs. Waldon had never heard pass her husband's lips before, "yon will send for no one-unless it be for a police- man. Go, leave me." Mrs. Waldon left the room, closing the door behind her, but stood outside with her hand upon the handle. " Alice," she softly called towards the kitchen, "take this medicine and give Miss Milly a teaspoonful in half a glass of water. I'm afraid the vicar is going to be ill next. I am persuading him to lie down ; don't allow anyone to enter the dining room." Then quietly opening the door she re-entered tho room. Her hus- band was lying on tho sofa with his fiiee buried iu his hands. She ap- proached him, and lightly'laid her hand upon his shoulder. He made no movement ; indeed, ho was un- conscious of her presence. She stood over him wondering and wondering what could be the explanation of his singular re- mark. It was all the more per- plexing, because for some days past he had been" quite the bright, hope- ful, almost gay-hearted Richard of years ago ; so much so that on more than one occasion his almost un- natural buoyancy had rather puzzled her. And now, without a moment's warning, a sudden and fearful re- action had taken place. " Richard, dear," she softly said. But tho only response was a deep, convulsive sob. " Dear Richard, do speak to me to Mildred, your wife. Still no answer came. Then an awful thought flashed throughlier bewildered brain, andshe cried in a loud voice " Oh, Richard, Richard, my hus- band is mad ! mad I" Sli9 remembered it all now. His low state tho Saturday evening be- fore. How he went out, remaining long, and returning quite elated ; how ever since he had appeared so strangely happy. Some minutes passed in agonising silence to the sorely-stricken woman as she knelt over the prostrate form of her husband, when he suddenly aroused himself and gazed at his wife with demoniacal looking eyes. Mrs. Waldon drew back, moment- arily frightened. Then, recovering herself, she laid her hand lovingly upon his shoulder, and said, "What is the matter", dear ?" " Leave me, Mildred ; I tell you, leave me!" he hissed, rather than spoke. " I am not fit for such as you to touch. I am a criminal, and to-night, before God and man, I shall be denounced." Mrs. Waldon remained kneeling, for she trembled too much to at- tempt to stand. She tried to take her husband's hands, but he flung her from him. " Richard-husband -darling!" cried Mrs. Waldon, for the love I have foryou-for our children's sake, and fortheBakeof all weholddearin heaven and earth, tell me, Richard, what trouble has come to you ? No, no, no : you shall not go. Am I not your wife in weal or woe ? Richard, I beseech you to speak-are you ill ? Are you ill ?" These pleading words of his wife struck home to the heart of Richard Waldon. He no longer attempted to push her from him. He took her face between his hands, and gazed into tho very depth of her eyes. She did not flinch. Her eyes were full of tenderness and compassion. At last she whispered, "Speak, Richard, what is it ?" " Ah, Mildred, if you only knew how I long to speak-long to un- burden my guilty 'mind. How I long to tell you all ; and-oh, Mil- dred, Mildred-there, I cannot." His voice grew tremulous; then the tears rushed from his eyes. He buried his face in his hands again, and sobbed with the loud, heart rending Bobs, such. ; s can only come from a man. So far her husband's words con- veyed no real mobing whatever to Mrs. Waldon's perplexed and wor- ried mind.. That some great trouble had happened to him she did not doubt, but as to what form it took, tho troth itself was her last thought. "Come, Richard, my husband," she said, coaxingly ; '. we must not stay here much longer ; it is nearly tea time ; the children will be homo shortly, and it would grieve them to find us thus,"' " The children, the children !" broke forth the half distraught man, " And will they despise me too when they hear "that their father is a criminal ?" " Oh, hush. Richard, you don t know what you say. Do not keep me in thisj suspense. 'Tell me at once, or I shall go mad !" "Listen, the^, Mildred. I have committed a grievous sin. I have embezzled a hundred pounds be- longing to the Church Restoration Fund. You know the note that I showed you a week ago. Some- thing prompted me to speculate with it in some mining shares ; and to-day-to- day I have heard that a great fall has taken place in the market, and I-I am ruined ! I didn't mean wrong.. I had overy en- couragement from the pamphlet the brokers sent and the paper which came by a later post praising these shares and recommending people to buy them. 1 thought how rich I should make us all-how I should be able to restore the church all myself, and give the people back their money. I know that I have been discontented with my lot and our position land all that ; indeed, I have prayed against the feeling. And, as heaven is my judge, I did not mean toj act dishonestly. But tor my wiel&'d longings God is thus punishing nze." " Does anyone know, Richard ? Cannot we Sorrow the money ? The work is not lo be started at once ; the money is not wanted to-night." " Ah, but you forget, Mildred. To-night there is a meeting of the cothmitteo }n the vestry, at which I am to givtf a statement of the col- lections np to date. Only an hour ago that fellow Smithers saw me, and said that he would be present out of vulgar curiosity to see how the committee looked on hearing of the anonymous gift of the hundred pounds." j, " It is terrible ! It is terrible, Richard.". "It is,, it is ! How my enemies will gloat over me. I know that since that unfortunate bazaar I am un- popular: iVi the parish. There is not a soul toJLvhom I can go and confess and plead for help." "Will not Smithers lend you the money ? He is mixed up in all these things, and will understand the matter so much better than any- one else." "Smithers! Smithers is just the sort of vulgar person to revel in my disgrace. It was he who told me this afternoon how the market had gone. I almost believe at the time he knew I had been speculating, from his coarse reference to the busi- ness. No, no j Smithers is the last man in the world to whom I can look for a penny. I would as soon-" ' " Hush, dear ; Alice is knocking." " Yes, Alice, what is it ?" asked Mrs. Waldon, nervously. " If you please, ma'm, Mr. Smithers is at the door, and wants to know if he may speak to the vicar." " It is only me, parson," said Mr. Smithers himself, as he walked un- ceremoniously along the hall. . The vicar hastily motioned to his wife to leave the room. " Come in. I hope yon can see, Smithers; we've not lighted up yet," ho said, with a very poor attempt to speak in a cheerful voice. " Xever mind about a light ; I'm no proud man. What I've come to say is said as easily in the dark as in the light." The vicar winced at the tone of his visitor's remark. "I suppose," continued Smithers, " you wonder why I've called." "It is connected with to-night's meeting, is it not ?" " No, no ; I've not thought any- thing about it since I saw you this afternoon when I gave you such a scare. Excuse me being so plain, sir, but I'm a plain man myself, and ono who has been about the world a bit. Now, tellme,haven'tyou been hit over the Tilly mines ?" " Stop," he continued, seeing the vicar was becoming agitated again. " Stop. I know all about it You've been caught by one of those circulars issued by-, haven't you ?" " Can I trust you, Smithers, for I am in great distress ?" " Trust me ? Certainly." " Spare me, then, for my wife and children's sake. I know that you, and you only have the power." The serious and painful tone of the vicar's voice began to alarm his visitor. "I am afraid I was too blunt this afternoon, sir. ,I'in afraid I said more than I meant. ' "What, has there beenifno fall in the Matilda mines ?" eagerly asked the vicar." " Unfortunately, yes ; and those who hold the stock are ruined. But you're all right. It's perfectly safe." " Safe I What do you mean is safe ? Speak, man,' can't you see you are killing me ?" " Why, the letter," Baid Smithers, slowly drawing an envelope from his pocket. " The letter t What letter ?" cried the vicar. " Oh, what letter ?" " Why, this letter." The vicar arose, clutched at the envelope Smithers held in his hand, and eagerly scanned the address.' Why this is the letter I sent to-"| " Of course it is ; but instead of falling into their hands it fortunately fell into mine." " But I posted it myself. I cannot understand it." "Ah, ha," laughed Smithers. " You mean to say that you thought you posted it. I found it underneath the pillar box after you had left. I was walking along the road last Saturday enjoying the moonlight when yon passed me. I spoke to you, but you took no notice. I saw you make for the pillar box. Then yon retraced your footsteps, and again passed me. For the second time 1 addressed you, but you ap- peared neither to see nor hear me. Had you not been in black I should have taken you for a ghost from the churchyard out for a midnight ramble. As I passed the pillar box something white on the ground at- tracted my attention. I picked it up, and out of curiosity read the ad- dress. It was in your handwriting, and intended for Messrs, -, I know the firm to be as great a set of sharkers as any in London ; and I concluded at once that you had been enticed to speculate in the Matilda mines, which I knew they intended to boom. So I thought to myself, ' I will keep this letter for a few days and seo how things go.* Things have gone just as I antici- pated, and I hope my rather peculiar conduct will in no way meet with your disapproval. Here, take the letter; it is unopened, and just asl found it. Tell me, have I done wrong ?" For some minutes the vicar was speechless. At length he said, " Mr. Smithers, my dear Mr. Smithers, how can I sufficiently thank you for what you have done ? If you only knew I If you only knew." " Don't get excited, vicar ; it's all right now. Your first venture, per ! haps ?" "Yes, Smithers, and my last, please God ! You will stay toa with us, of course ; and we will go direct to the meeting together afterwards, when I will announce your generous gift. May I mention the donor's name ?" " Thank you, vicar ; I would rather you did not." " Very well, then, just as you please. Excuse me, my dear Smithers, for one moment." The vicar arose and loft the room. His wife, with blanched faco and shaking limbs, stood outside in the hall, wondering and fearing. Leaving the door open, and giving his wife one short but intense look of relief, he called out in a voice that fell Uko music on herears,"Mr. Smithers will stay tea, Mildred. You won't be long, will you?" Instantly Mrs. Waldon snatched her husband's hand, giving it a hur- ried, passionate kiss ;. forsho knew by his look and the tone of his voice that the crisis was over, and her husband was saved. - Liverpool Courier._ 