Short Story. ! A Sketch of Juliet, s j, "You'pronilBCil to show mo. tho orl- glnal sketch of your Jullot/ tslio said. I Thoy were in Paul's studio, nod the ring lie had just given her sparkled lit „ the sunlight " Here it Is," snld Paul ; «nd, tumlug to a folio of sketches that lay 'against the .wall, lie' took from It a girl's head done In water coloura. , ; t . ."Ihow beautiful l" she;excialined. " I sometimes think there Is more life, more \- fresiiuc?6s, wore power, In . a painter's unfiulslie'd; skutch tlift'h' .iu - any. . eoui Jploted picture... -The. final work seems, as>lt were, elaborated In cold blood, 7- wh"llc the first-conception is warm froiu ' f tlio artist's heart " . 4 !"iYou are a. good critic,- because un sophisticated," ho'ehld siuUlng ; "you do not use the cant of the schools. Dut I: hope you will recognise some merit . this time, even In the finished .work." "You must take me to the gallery then, aud let iue see it. The critiques . have made mo eager." " They will, be bettor Still when you ' have beou my model," he said tenderly. \- She smiled. "And who was the model for this lovely head ?" » The artist Hushed a little, nud his voice changed. "She was a girl whom 1 knew loug ago. I wus a very young man. then." . . '"Do not imagine that 1 am going ta be jealous," said she quietly. "1 am not so foolish as that, Paul." . The painter had told her that he was a widower, and it Hashed upon her that this must, be his wife. A feeling of love and pity rather thim jealousy stole Into " the true woman's licart. \ " Your wife was beautiful, Paul," she whispered. '"Stay one- minute— do not put it away." - J . Ho seemed anxious to thrust the sketch back Into the.-. folio. After a mo ment's pause he did so. "Let us go .out now," lie said huskily; and they went. Both were slleiil, but hers whs flic penslveness of peace, while In his there seemed much of pain. The features of the Juliet followed her into the noisy street ; she was trying to- Imagine -what kind of woman this had been, whom Paul lind loved before she hud he had met. He was thinking of flic same subject, but In a very dif ferent . maimer. Iier thoughts were mere conception, his were memory. Suddenly the memory nud the concep tion were in a degree realised. A wretched figure was crossing the street, a few yards in front "of them. All ut once ihc girl caught sight of this woman's face. It was it strange idea, an absurd fancy; but, deformed and de graded as they were, the ragged wo man's features sceiued-an exact coun terpart to those of the sketch she lmd just seen— a Juliet fallen into drink and tatters. " Look, " Paul Y" she exclaimed. "Do you see that woman ? She Is like your Juliet." The woman was evidently lu a state of partial intoxication. Her unkcd'fcct showed through the broken shoes ; tangled elf-locks fluttered from the torn hat. A policeman was eyeing her sus piciously. Paul started as though lie saw a ghost. Well might. lie; here was indeed a ghost from the past— one that ho had hoped was burled for. ever in tho ob livion of London's vice and wrotclied- mm Some ghosts will walk not only at midnight. ' "Do you see the likeness, Paul V" ox- claimed Once more the girl-comptinlon. " Come on," lie muttered hoarsely. " She l«. n drunkard— do not take, any , notice of her." And lie scJxcd her arm to luisten Jicr onwards. " What is the matter with you ?" she asked. "This poor wretch Is nothing to us ; it was only a curious re semblance." " Yes, yes— most curious. Lot us walk quickly." . At that moment the wbmau caught sight of them. A strange look cantc into lier wild bleared eyes. She stared for a second or two, aud thcu with a cry rushed upon them : " Paul l" 44 -Get out of the way," ho Shouted with a curse. "Come on, Annie— she is drunk." " Drunk, am I ?" yelled the woman fiercely. " I'll teach you to cull your own wife drunk I And who Is tills dainty wench, I'd.llkc to know?" Paul struggled to got by, but the wouuiu clutched his arm, whilo she poured a Hood of Yile abuse at the poor,' trembling girl. ."Take her In charge," Paul shouted to tho policeman, nnd a scene of confu sion followed. The womun struggled with hands and teeth ; not till another constable came. up could sho bo pro perly secured. " Let me go," she screamed ; " he Is my husband— can I not speak to my own husband ?" .The air rang with yells and curses. The girl shuddering on his arm, Paul thrust his way through the crowd. But wlien they hud reached a quieter spot she suddenly recollected herself aud stopped. . They faced each other, both as pale as death : " X'aul— who Is that womau ?" "A drunkard— a vile wrotcli— oue of my old models." 'Ho was trying to lie. . " site abused me because I gave up ciu- : ployiug her." . The Tie failed utterly. " She is your wife," said the girl slowly, with quivering lips. He groaned. " You told me your wife was dead." " So she Is— dead to me." " But she Is not dead to me," the girl answered with sudden firmness. "Take back your ring— It lilts stained my finger." "Oh, Annie— have you no mercy?" " You hud no mercy on me lu thus de ceiving me." And she thrust the2 ring, from her hand. It fell upon tho pave ment "-Can you forgive mo ?" "'I forgive you ; may God pity you— and mc." In a moment she was gone. Ho leaned back against the wall, ami gazed fixedly after her.— 'Arthur L. Sal mon, In the.44 Weekly Sun." 