Marriage Under Difficulty. Frontier women have usually strong nerves, and the experience of Miss Maud Cranston, who resides near Kootenay Lake, in the far east of Brit- ish Columbia, as related by a contem porary, show that they need them, if we may accept her story without mis giving. The means of getting mar ried, we are led to infer, were not at hand in the district where the young lady resided; in fact the minister failed to keep his appointment. There fore she set out in company with her relatives and intended husband; J. A. Carson, on board the steameri Klon dike, for Bonner's Ferry, in the adjoin ing state of Idaho, th- re to get mar ried. As the boat passed the house of the preacher who had undertaken to perform the ceremony, they saw that the reverend gentleman was a prisoner ou the roof of his submerged resi dence, a sudden rise of the river hav ing flooded the valley. The dripping man was brought on board. While lie was changing his wet clothes the stea mer called at Rice's landing, where two fresh passengers came on board with a rough pine coffin, containing the remains of James Carter, who had been drowned in the river tbe day be fore. When the preacher came on deck in dry clothes the young couple said they would have the marriage take place there and then. Tbe cere mony had reached almost the point where, the clergyman should declare them man and wife, when two dogs began to fight, upsetting the flimsy pine coffin, the fall breaking it open. One glance at the dead man's features, and the bride gave a scream and swooned away in the arms of the groom. The corpse was that of a for mer lover to' whom she has been en gaged to be married. She speedily rose superior to the shock, and called upon the minister to finish tbe cere mony, declaring tbat neither ghosts nor drowned men should stand in the way of her becoming Mrs. Carson. Carson, remarks an English contem porary, has got a wife in a thousand, Iu Jewish marriages the woman is always placed to the right ot her mate. With every other nation in the world her place in the ceremony is to the left. 