Town Talk. TnaT it was real hard look on the Bosewood Farmers' Club to have to postpone their annual show, as, after all, Thursday was a finse day. That the comparatively favourable weather on that sdornlog indouced many persons to leave their homes for the show, on the off-ehanes that the exposition would be held. That a goodly number of people oame to Ipswich from outside plaes with the same objeot in view, having bought through railway tsketls to Bosewood. That beautiful weather now prevails, and it is hoped that the olub will be favoured with good meteorological conditions on Wednesday next. That time Is rolling on, and the telephone in. stroments are not yet fixed up at the sob sorlbers' places of business. That the gang of men engaged in ereeting the posts, wires, &e.;, in the streets are certainly pushing the work ahead, but there seems to be no sign of the arrival of the marhines. That the present system of speaking through the" 'phone"st the Telegraph Oaiset anything but eatisfactory, as very often one has to wait some time before his torn arrivess. That this reminds the "T.T." man of a little joke he heard of as happening at the telephone the other day. That a local resident desired to inquire of a resident in Brisbane, by means of the instre ment, whether a certain day's sport was to be held or postponed (on aeoount of the wet weather). That the metropolitan man replied, " Oh, I don't know; If you go round to the seoretary, in Edward-street, you will find out." That the Briabane man must have thought that his interrogator was in the city. That it is almost needless to add that the Ipswlch inquirer did not "go round to Edward street." That ciraness never fall to draw in Ipswioh. That Wednesday was a miserably wet night, but the lraus then in town drew a foll hosse. That the arrangements were anything but good. That some at least of the seats were soaking, and there was a contlnual drip of rain-water from the tent. That the Federals had a firstl-rate m soL Thursday evening. - That they possess good orlaketere and good dancere, and are, in fact, jolly good fellows all round. That the horse aooldent on Thursday was a bit rough on the animal's owners. That the man in blue who despatobed the unforthnate neddy evidently knew how to handle the revolver. That the stricken animal went down in a heap as soon as the shot was fired, and promptly gave up the ghost. That the poliaes performance on Thursday was a out above that witnessed on a certain other ooaasion, when it took three shots to do I the business. That recent prooesedinge of the Polioe Gom mission have furnished interesting reading. That some strange, though not startling, disclosuree have been made. That joeust fanoy the chief plione authorities delaying action because they thought the re. port of a triple murder was only a hoax I That it was generally thought, holiday or no holiday, that the pollase promptly investigated a reported crime. That presumably this was a wrong im pression. That per-Bs the duty of the department and the praotie were altogether two different things. That if the inquiry has done nothing else it has certainly shown that no blame is attach able to Sergeant Arrell for delay ton conneotion with the Gatton tragedy. That, st last, external operations have beenI oommenoed in the new West Ward park. That they have not been begun a day too sonn. That a newespaper had in its table of contents, the other day, the item "Movements of the Premier- a lunatic at large." That, of course, the latter part of the heading does not apply to Queenesland's Prime Minister. That the old Post and Telegraph Ofiee now present a very picturesque appearancoe. That tbh work of demolition has advanced so ifar that the structure looks like a portion of a ruoined abbey or something of that kind. That all it wants now is a luxuriant growth of Ivy; and, if it has that, a few of our oldest inhabitants could assure unseuepetling" tender feet" that the building had been erected a couple of centuries ego. That it our Coursthouse only had some ivy on its hoary walls, the "tenderfeet" oould be told that that architectural relie was a maneo leum built to receive the sacred dust of some long-sinoe.forgotten aboriginal potentate. Thsat i the "' tenderfeet" gaozed on the edifio for five minutes thoy would Ie inclined to be lieve their informants. That a cable message states that the life of a doctor at Oporto, in Portugal, has been threat ened because he disoovered the existence of the bubonio plasgue in that olty. That this shows that the lost of a sawbones in that part of the world is not a happy one. That one could understand his being threat ened it he adn't discovered the presence of the plague. That to approach a man with a pig- sticker, with intent, simply because he performs an obvious public duty is mighty rough. That it is reported that an order for 1d.000,000 cartridges has been received in Eng land from the Tranovaal. That it this order ts executed, it will mean that British manufacturers are providing foreigners with material for killing British soldlers I 