SKftTCIIER, . ON THE TRAIL OF A GHOST. There has been published this week a book under the title of * The Alleged Haunting of B- — — House,' whioh should oanse no little stir in psychical and apiritnalist oiroles. It is edited by the Marquis of Bate and Wjw Goodrich Freer-— the *MiB8 X* who figured prominently in the controversy two years ago. 4 B— — House' — for obvious reasons its real name and that of its proprietor are not given by Lord Bute, but it is well known to be B&Ueohin; House in Perthshire — having the bad reputation of being haunted, was taken on lease by the Marquis, and Oolonel Taylor, a well-known Spiri tualist, put in possession to investigate mat tets with the aid of Miss Freer and other Roman Oatholio friends. They all kept diaries, whioh recorded their ghostly experi ences, and this book tells the whole story. It is a oapital book for the holidays. It oarries on every page the elements of never ending wonder, speculation, and scepticism, to make things lively on rainy days at tha ooast or in the country. V^e make some characteristic* aeleotions WHEN XjOBD BUTH awtun OF IT. It was in 1692 that Lord Bute first heard of the haunting of B— House in Perth shire. Here is an ertr&ot; from his journal: —August 7. In afternoon with Father H ? and Lord Dumfries to Falkland. He gives a long aoooont of the physio&l; dis turbances at B— poises between hirfbed and the oeiliug, tike oontinuous explosions of petards, so that he oonld not hear hinralf speak. FatherH ? aud he had spoken oi the matter to Mr S (the proprietor), who expressed an idea that toe might be caused by his unola, the late Major fl— — , who was trying co attraot attention in order that prayers might be offered for the repose of ms soul. The Restless Majoe S— . Major 6 — - was born in 1806, retired from tho Indian army with the rank of major in 1860, and died in 1876. His two brothers died unmarried, and of his six sis ters three married and a fourth, leabelia, entered a nunnery, and there professed the name of ^Frances Helen.' She died in 1880. The Major bequeathed B ? to the repre sentativea of his married sister Mary, and on his death was suooeeded by her seoond son John, who was a Roman Oatholio. The Major was a believer in spirit return, and many witnesses have attested that he fre quently epoke of hu own return after death. He was tond of dogs, and he frequently in timated his intention of entering the body of a particular blaok spauiel which he pos eemed ; but after his death all his dogs, in dueling the spaniel, were shot, in order to render any suoh action on his part im possible. Spiett Rap fob Majob'b Sucojbsob. John S— , his anooessor, went to London in 1895 on family bnsiness, and was there ran over by a o&b; and kilted. Lord Bate, in his journal, under date January 17th, 1897, says— 4 1 hear tbat the morning the late S— — of B— left home for the last time, spirits oame and rapped to him in his room, doubtless to warn him, so that death was owing to the oruel superstition whioh naa prevented turn allowing them to be oommunioated with.' Lord Bate's infor mant seems to have been the Rev. Sir David Hunter Blair, now Father BJair of Fort Augustus Monastery. Tne son, Oaptain i at onoe let toe house and the shoot togs to Colonel Taylor - as the nominal but Lord Bute as the real tenant ; and then the Ion began. Young Laby and rffw Spooks. Mrs G. writes 4 A young lady of by no means timid disposition, and possessed of great presence of mind, has often heard the swing door pushed open and footsteps oom ing along the corridor, panting at the door. The footsteps she had also heard going round her bed. Many visitors have had the same experiences, and many have heard the wild unearthly ahriek whioh has rung through the house at midnight.' The Clock Stbuoe One. Mrs G. gives her own experiences 4 The first night all was still, but the following night a auooestion of thundering knooka oame from the end of the passage. TT»i# an hour afterwards my husband heard a piero ing shriek. The next night we heard single knooka at different doors. The laet night of our visit, I heard the olook strike one, and immediately it aaaam) at* vi ? 7 — ? ? ? — na*. views shook our own door on its hinges, followed by deep groans. A man with bronsed com plexion and bent figure has been seen by two friends of mine. They both desoritw him as having oome through the door, and passing through the room in which they were, abont three in the morning.' Ftasx Sight of the Nun. Miss Freer's journal of her experionoee is very good reading fhe maids tell me tney heard tho sounds of continuous reading aloud, whioh afterwards became quite familiar. The aonud was always that well known to Roman Catholics, as that of a priest saying his offioe.' We derided to tr&llc; in thARVAnnn. T-. man nnit. a ? a. ? ? „ I^iuw uwh - UUb the snow gleamed so white that we eould see our way to the plantation. In a few minutes I stopped. Against the enow I - saw a light blaok figure — a woman moving slowly up the glen. She stopped and turned and looked at me. When she oame under the tree she disappeared. Che others saw nothing.' In a letter te Lord Bate nnder February 26. 1866, Miss Freer deeoribea this figure with sbms detail ' These figures do not appear before 6.30 at earliest. They appear to bo outlined by threads of light. It is only when the faoe appears in profile that one oan deroribe the featorv, and thi« is somewhat prevented by the nun's veil. ' lehbel appears to me to be Night aud of fair height. Her hair is dark, iand there is an intensify of gaae whioh is rare in light oolonred eyes.( Lord Bute identifies the nan as probably Miss Isabella 8 ? , the favourite sister ot Major 8——, who be came a nan in 1860 and died in lBjO. The Dot and the Siook: ' February 16—1 hod an experience thir morning wbioh should be reoord ed. I was writing. I felt a distinot gentle push against my ohair. I thought it was the dog, bat he was not there. I went on writing, when oame another deoided push against myself whioh moved me on my ohair. I looked baok ward, the room waa empty. When Mrs W ? cams in she oalled my attention to the dog, who waa gazing intently from the hearthrug at the plaoe where I had expected to see him. ' Ishbel' and ' Mabgst/ 'I saw tha nun again, and an older woman in grey, who talked earnestly with her, she answering at intervals. My com panions beard ths voloes, but did not see ths figures. Ths older woman afterwards became familiar, and the name oi ' Marge/ was given to ner naif in inn, and simply because this waa ona of the two names given by the ' Ouija' board — need by Spiritual ists— in hypnotio writing, as 'Ishbel' was also given several times when her name waa asked.' ? Febrosry 16— I saw 'Ishbel' and ' Marge/ in tha old spot across the ibnm, ' Ishbel' was on her kbses in the attitnde of weeping, ' Marge/ apparently reasoning with her in a load voioe. I oouid not hear what waa said for the noise of the born. Mies M— said, 'I saw nothing but I beard a low talking/ ' The editors in s foot-note say The nnn to whom was given the name of ' Ishbel.' This subject has been already disoossed, and the suggestion thrown ont that the phant asm was an erroneous mental piotnre of tha late Rev Mather Franoes Helen, evolved from the imagination of a half.eduoated person who had never seen the lady in question^ and knew little about her. This figure was seen many times by Miss Fraset and Mies Langton, twioe by (he Rev Mr Q— ,' and probably by Madame Boiseeanx. who unhappily died suddenly before the editors had an opportunity of asking her for exact information. There were also earlier witnesses. She was never seen else where than in the glen, sxoept onoe by Miss Langton, and on the one oooasion when a Bishop was saving Mass in the home, and Miss Freer saw her outside the window jost after the elevation of the ohalioe. It was stated, however, by two separate witnesses, that a figure, probably the same, had been seen inBide the house on at least one oooasion, when, some years before Oolonel Taylor's tenanoy, Mrs 8 was keeping her room, and a maid who was bringing np a tray met the figure on the stairs, and experienced suoh a start that she dropped the tray. The lay-woman dressed in grey to whom was given the name of * Marget,' and who was sometimes seen in the company ol ' Ishbel,' usually as thongh upbraidiDg or reproving her. She was seen by Miss Freer and Miss Langton, and her voioe in con versation with ' lehbel' was heard not only by them, but by Mr O and Mim, Moore, Mr ' Qu/ aud Miss ' Doff/ THE KAN WITH THJt UXP. 'February 21.— Again this morning we hoard noises of pattering in the next room. The dog got np and sat apparently watohing something invisible to ns, tarring his head alowly as if following the movements of some person or thing across the room from* east to west. Daring the night Miss Moore fceerd footsteps crossing the room, as of an ?fid invalid man snuffling in dippers.' Miss H ? , another visitor, also heard the stops of an rid man with a moat peculiar limp. HE TAXES THE BUSINESS IN HANn. jx-ra Ante, in a private letter on April 29 to a distinguished eoolesiastio, says : — ' We spent 48 hoars at B ? . On the way I was shown the enolomr* in the churchyard wherein lie, in unmarked graves, the lata Major S— , his housekeeper, and his Indian servant. I wonld have gone and prayed there, bnt the plaoe seemed to me too Snblio. The house is bright and eheerfol, is her ladyship and myself did not wish to be troubled at night, we took room in the wing whioh the late Major S ? had built in order to save his ohildren from the ' haunting,' and we slept their quite oom fortable: After 6 p.m. 1 went to the plaoe near the burn where the apparition often appeared. I read aloud the ' veepers ' for the dead, but no phenomenon appeared, nor had I any sensation. About 7.30 I went to room No. 6 and road aloud the first ' Noc tnrn of the dirge ; ' there was nothing to bo seen or heard, bnt I felt a strong sensation that persons were listening. (The words, in ottering whioh Lord Bate was thus affected, were—' Regem oui omnia vivant venito ad oremus,' an invitation whioh he meant to inriude all intelligent beings). During the night' slept well, Saw and heard nothing. Next day visited haunted born; saw nothing. At 10 o'elook, in room D, read the third 'Nooturn,' made slips of pronunciation and frit the prssanoe ef others very strongly, and that it was hostile or evil, as though they were kept at aims length. A disagreeable ~ sensation continued until I threw sons holy water on my bed before getting into it, when it sad denly disappeared.' The List Bang. Miss Freer, in a letter to Lord Bute, in describing the departure of a visitor — Mdme Boiseeanx — says— 'While waiting for the carriage she touohed my arm and pointed to tne winnow, where I perceived the figure of 'Ishbel,* and 'Marget' seemed to hover in tiie baokgronnd. After Hdme'e departure the Bishop biassed the honse from top to bottom. He sprinkled rooms 1, 3, and 8 with holy water. He and the priests had hardly gone when there was a load bang on a little table. The Bishop and priests re tained and tho ceremony was repeated, after whioh the bang ooonrred, bnt mnoh more faintly. This bang was the last phenomenon of an abnormal kind daring this -tenanoy.' Shallow and Impudent Ihpostubb. As a suggestive pendant, it is worth re calling the trenobant artiole of the 'Times' writer, in which, ho denonnoed tho whole affair aa a great imposture. Here is en extraot :— ' Lird Bate's oonfidenae has been grossly abnssd by some one. It was re presented to him that he was taking the most haunted home in Sootland— a honse with an established reputation for mys terious, if not supernatural disturbances. What he has got is a house with no reputa tion whatever of that kind, with no history, with nothing germane to his purpose beyond e rioud of bairioss rnmonra prodnosd daring the last 12. months. Who is responsible for this impostors it is not my bnsiness to inquire, bnt that it is an impostors of the most shallow and impudent kind there oan be no manner of doubt. The whole thing hoe been fudged np in London.' 