Crumbs. Cold. Theatre Royal. Assembly only. , Society of Arts. Greater Sydney. Splendid recovery. A municipal puzzle. Gregory failed again. Boers climbing down. Transvaal crisis ended. The Boers' submission. '"When London Sleeps." Amy Castles on August 2. No Council all next week. New Produce Depot proposed.. Emeralds at Mount Crawford. Noble scored 149 for once out. A dining thief in Melbourne. Bradley not so dcadiy this time. Who should own the tramways.' Council adjourned till August 1. Drama at the Royal on Saturday. Noble one of the world's batsmen. Trumper played a slashing innings. Pleasant news from the Transvaal. Darling fell again to the lefthander. Consular Courts abolished in Japan. Trumper made runs at a critical time. Hill and Barr head the jockeys'-list. Seven days' rainfall in Adelaide,- 0.17. Good news from the Wilgena discovery. Britannia, off to London this afternoon. Billiards—Campbell, 2,001; Alters, 1,515. Elocutionary Recital by Reeves to- night. A good acceptance for the Silver City Races. Elocutionary recital by Mr. E. Reeves tonight. Australian Eleven fighting an uphill gdme. • Frozen lamb trade developing satisfactorily. Last two nights of "The Belle of New York." Sir Charles predicts still frosty and. foggy weather. The duties of J.P.'s pointed out by Judge Bcucaut. Noble will now have a long lead in the averages. Merloolas landed at Colombo in capital condition. City of York broken up, and her cargo on the beach. Indignation at the methods of the American War Office.. Verdi Operatic Society at the Town Hall on Saturday. Lecture on copper cut the School of Mines to-morrow evening. Chamberlain came out on top over the Transvaal business.. Two pair of Kakas from New Zealand arrived fcf the Zoo. More talk this afternoon about the ConncO-Destructkm Bill. Several Northern copper mines .opening up very satisfactorily. - Rhodes received a great ovation upon his arrival at Cape Town. The Carlyon filly Canta successful in Melbourne on Wednesday. Sad case of suicide and infanticide reported from Broken Hill. . The £aka bird of New Zealand feeds on the fat of sheeps' kidneys. Horse tramways in London to be superseded by electric traction. Strauss, the great composer of waltzes, never danced a step in his life. Tod Sloan suspended for an. act of disobedience by the English Jockey Club. British and Tanks the world defy. Those who doubt it, come aud try! The protest against Norman receiving the Trial Stakes at Petersburg dismissed. Most of the horses engaged in the "Silver City Oup owned by Adelaide sportsmen. Sun rose at 7.22 a.m.; sets at 5.22 p.m. Moon set at 4.10 a.m.; rises at 2.26 p.m. Union Jack and Stars and Stripes figured strong at -the Sydney Cyclists' smoke concert. A grandson of Southey the poet charged with having obtained 10s. by false, pre-, tences. Anastasia Butler charged at the Melbourne Police Court with the murder of her father. . Commissioner of Crown Lands and E. W. Hawker at loggerheads ever the pastoral question. . Vexatious restrictions in travelling by railway from one colony to another to be removed. "All things come to him who waits," and Chamberlain and Milner have succeeded' at last. A supply of 100,000 gallons of water par day has been secured from a bore put down near Bourke. . . . He first two chapters of a new story in the double number of '"The Evening Journal" of Saturday. Noteworthy that the .inferior races in South Africa" have invariably^preferred Bri; tish bo Dutch rule. . A. man arrived at Port Augusta from Wilgena with a piece of quartz thickly studded with gold. Krtger has suddenly discovered that on the grounds of honesty and righteousness" he ought to give in. - Paramatta narrowly escaped being struck by a meteorite while on her way from Singapore to Hongkong. Boers backed down tie moment they heard that- -Major Cate with, has machinegun corpse'was on the warpath. Gell is one of the most zealous and experienced Magistrates on the commission, and has done tlie State much service. The Shamrock has beaten the Britannia, so Sir Thomas Liptcn's yacht should base a good show of winning the America Cup. Peter Bennett, who had £170 in cash fiiid who owns a couple of cottages, charged at the Footseray Police Court with vagrancy Judge Boucaut's remarks will probably form the subject of discussion at the meeting of the Justices' Association next week. In the old Parliamentary days a certain Premier telegraphed thus to Ebenezer Ward:—" . . . Excuse writing, - using bad pen." Bloemfontein Conference was a failure, owing to Kruger's refusal to concede the very moderate demands of the High Commissioner. A Justice who accepts the risk attendant upon the act of signing a warrant plays with fire, and may ai any time, have his fingers burnt. District Councils do not at present seem to have much chance of securing an increased subsidy for the maintenance of their main roads. Since the ill-starred raid Oh amber lain has trodden a tortuous pa<th to reach a goal which Jameson's "'short-cut" run placed for a time out of sight. Health Committee enquiring into the ad visableness of erecting abattoirs, where all cattle intended for consumption in the city shall be slaughtered. Only about £10,000. paid to caretakers to look after abandoned Crown lands, and the leases of which had expired during the last twelve years. A woman in New York wants a divorce because the ghost of her husband's first wife infests the house and occasionally smashes the furniture. Notwithstanding the strong judicial comments, those who knoyr Gell, J.P., realize that he is one of the most conscientious and painstaking Justices. Chamberlain may well be congratulated on the cool and determined way in Which he has successfully championed the Queen's subjects in the Transvaal. lunger to be commended because h'e has shown that a man is never too old to lear and that beating one's head against a wi is a poor sort of amusement. The Boer at best is no better morally than the average Englishman who earns a weekly wage on the goldfields, aud intellectually and socially he is his inferior. Rhodes's generous and humane treatment of the natives is in marked contrast to tht mercilessly severe measures which have been meted out to them by the Boers. Kruger says that he supports the concessions to the* Uitlanders on the grounds of honesty and righteousness. Orumbman thinks that the big British battalions on the way to South Africa had a good deal to do with Kruger's support. Gibraltar is to be completely fitted out with electric light, and the power-station will be placed in one of the best protected positions on the Rock. This is what is known as the King's Bastion, cut out- of solid rock, and forpierly used as an artillery barracks. If the trouble is indeed over, the whole Empire will have cause to rejoice, and tht Boers also may well be thankful because they rccognised in time the justice of tht British demand, and saved their country from the horrors of .a terrible war, which misrht have resulted in their extermination. The Boers, when practically left to their own devices, alienated the sympathy which they had gained on the Continent, and, by their increasing arrogance and intolerance^ rendered it possible for the suzerain Power to intervene on the Uitlanders* behalf without undue risk of being misunderstood by jealous rivals. In the. Churcli on Aniteum, one of the Loyalty Islands or New Hebrides, there is a tablet, erected by the grateful natives to their missionary, John Ggddie. On this tablet is inscribed in their language the following:—"When he landed in 1848 there were no Christians here; and when he left in 1872 t-bere were no heathen." Since the opening of the Rand goldfields twelve years ago the Boers have consistently and violently sought to prevent the Uitlanders from making the country thedr home, and to this end they have inflicted upon them hardships which the liberty-loving Englishman would regard in a. foreign people as affording -'ample justification fpr a revolution. 