BREAKING IN A BOOK AGENT. ' I am afraid that I once spoiled a good book agent,' said the head member of a book agency. ' We had got out an expensive religious book and had ad vertised (or agents to handle it. Among the numerous applicants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked him if he thought he could sell books, and he said that he reckoned he could.' ' Very well,' Baid I, ' I'll see what you can do. Take thiB book and consider hat I am your intended victim. The ' nC i.V»— UwvU »m»»m fluU| fiVlulDa ' CO 4dols.,' but you must always endeavour to Bell the highest-priced edition, although it is no disgrace if you only succeed in selling the cheaper kind. If you succeed in selling me a book I will hire you. Now, go ahead.' He took the book, fumbled it very awkwardly, and then stammered : ' Yer don't wanter buy a book, do yer, mister?' I smilingly answered that I did not. 'Better buy one,' eaid he; 'I'll sell it ter yer pretty oheap.' ' Get out of here 1' I yelled, pretending to be mad. 'Don't you see that sign, ' Book Agents not Wanted 1' ' I'll let yer hev one fer 4dolB., mister, seein' it's ye,' said he, taking off hia coat and throwing it on the floor. ' I'm afraid — — ' I began. ' Four dollars, mister, an' cheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled up his shirt sleeves. I didn't like the looks of all these warlike proceedings, and 'declared the teBt off. But he refused and gave me three minutea to' ' dig up ' the price of ' the book. While I was trying to make the fellow understand that the joke had gone far enough he jumped at me. 1 didn't stand the ghost of a show with the husky youth, and I Boon found myself on the floor, with the would-be book agent sitting upon me, saying something about a book he would sell me ' powerfully oheap.' To save my life I relunotantly con sented to take one of the 2dol. kind. He said he' was sorry, but he only ? sold the 4dol. kind. He allowed me to get one hand loose, and I produced idola., whereupon he released me, and wanted. to know how soon he could get to work. I kept my word and hired him, sent him as far west aa I could, and then discharged him by wire. ?-— 