AQUATICS. YACHTING NOTES. LBy BOD STAY. 3 Five dingeys have entered for the remaining five races to be contested in connection with the Squadron. They are as follows;—Mr. A. G. Ry- 111 ill's Gadfly, Mr. E. RymilFs Glowworm, Rear- Commodore Sanderson's Hornet, Dr. Angove's Ci- < Mr. II. (.": .lickshank's Tsc T.«e. This afverno!;n the &-cr>nd race will sailed over the course irom the club.-:lied, round tiie south powder buoy, and back, starting jit 2.CO. Witli eveiy pr«>speci 01 line weather, an interesting race is cxjiocteJ. At ihe last jneeting of the Squadron Dr. Axigove wns in?trumental in fixing the size of the flags to be used on dingeys ai 0 by 7 inches. This yit^nn-oii's programme includes a race in •_onne«:t3. »t with the Port Adelaide Sailing Club, for bouir. ft. and under. Tiie <-oursc is fro.u the clubshtd, to and round ^o. 9 bcaeon, and back. The following ix>j(s have entered:—Mr. II. Fiusor's I'inaroo. wr,; Mr. .1. Franson's Meteor, se<-.; I>r. Ar.ty«>vt'.-- Redwinp, 1 11;in. 3;» sec.; Mr. T. fsliumr00k, 1 min. ib vrr.x Mr. F. Rm-?neirs Tickler. '2 min.; Mr. C. Atkin's Scamp. 2 min. 30 sec.; Mr. E. Yeo's Florence, min. Jit; si-i\; Mr. .). Pearce's Coombra, 0 min.; Mr. Rowan's FJr.rrii-, 6 min.; MJ. E. Bradwoll's Veronicri, T nii:i. «oc.; Mr. W. Manson*s Sandflv, S Hill'. ;;••) ^-c.; Mr. II. Me Arthur's Daphne, U min. i?t'c. Mr. V Lapthome, in the Linnet, will MS<iato as Captain of the day, Mr. H. IHayfjir is ! ; t:irivr. and Mr. F. Le L.-u Tinit kilter. The monthly meeting of the lloval Yacht Squad roii w.us lipid «t the Clubroom, Largs Tier Hotel, on Thurxiay evening, December 14. The Commo- «}'»re, C-aptain Cr«^weli, presided over a fair tcfcuance. Tlif election cf Dr. 11 Morris n& Ti-m-suiov WUS eenfirmed. Hie most important bunine:= ir-r.sa'-Led v.as tlur adoption of the re^.utioii. moved by Ji. Criifrk^hajifc—"Thai in the opinion of the Squadron it is desirable that a one cla?s one-desi^ti bo instituted, and that the commillee be enijiowered to arrange details and ]iort to the next meeting." In tabling his motion. Mr. Oruiclcsliank referied UJ the lack of interest exhibited by members in racing matters diuing tih' ])ast low years. Although a few new vessels h;\d been introduced there was 110 unanimity in ilii-ir li'^iiin. yid une-ratei* wor*» pitlni aguin.it three-rater ta^iscrs. The sfjort needed reviving and the best means, in his opinion, to do that was to inu-oducc the one-class one-design. En^hnd that class had l>ccn found to work admirably. liis idea was for a class of from 19 to 22 ft.; the boats lo lie built from the same de sign bj - the same builder, and the sails for each constructed by the same saiJmalccr. Rear-Oimmodore Sanderson, in seconding the motion, said the object was to introduce a class of boat equaJi} useful for cruising as for racing. Being on an equality as to design and coi^juction, under dinaijc. -circmusUfflp*'^ r*he- 4>oat. y/bkSx swa&.'lxsti handled would win. The resolution was carried xmanimously, and it is to be hoped that the project will be realized. It is stated tlia.1 mur or five meml>ers uf the Squadron have already signified their derive of building in accordance witb tho suggestion. it is years since The Holdfast Bay Club tvas favoured with such delightful' weather i^r its opening demonstration as that provided on Saturday. The club has invariably had 10 contend against either Fturmsorcalms.uud disappointments and loss have in the past been so numerous tha; Saturday's demonstration may, 1 hope, be takui as a happy auguiv for a successful season. One of.the most pleasing features of the ceremony was the presence of so many boats belonging to the Squadron and l'ort Adelaide Sailing Club, and h«d the engagement not clashed with the race of tin- Royals the contribution from their ranks would undoubtedly have been larger. As usual, afternoon tea was provided in the Glenclg Town Hall, anu social held in the evening only served to emphasize the wcli-knoAn hospitality and bonhomie of the members of the ciub. The race held on the Port River in connection - with the Royals, as was generally expected, resulted in a well-earned victory for the Geisht. Throughout the one-rater proved a worthy match for Reverie, and with a handicap allowance of min. won comfortably with <i min. 45 sec. to, spare. It must be admitted, however, that th»- conditions exactly suited a boat of her daii, md moreover she was superbly sailed by her owner and builder. Tern's performance was disappointing, considering her achievements in tiie .past. Volunteer, with 17 min. handicap, and Shamrock, an amateur biult boat, with 22 min., were ouic'assed. A correspondent, referring to the withdrawal of .fudge ttundey from active participation in rachting and other matters writes: —"The Judge had. and has, a great love for the sport, and kindred sports. All hands testify to his great tact, unassuming urbanity, and benevolent heart and manner; but they arc beyond mere words. The sentiments expressed by a Port versifier, when the Judge was welcomed back from his tout round the world in 18S2, and the whole of the South Australian Yacht Squadron went over night to meef the Indus in the first fiiish cf an Australian dawn, have been echoed and re-echoed:— "Thus Bundey wc welcomed again to our shore; May we welcome him less, ivLile wc honour him more; May he and his dear ones 'neath AustraTs bright sun Find the goddess they sought in the goal they have won; And cjuld honest respect bring them vigour again, Need they journey afar over mountain and main?" The new club is bringing out many new upto-date boats. Amongst the new builders are Fra^er. McKinley, and MacFarlane. There seems <0 be little to choose between the efforts of each. All are well built, and all are SS ft. long, with just a shade of difference in depth, beam, and model; but. 'tis the shade that tells, like Hamlet's father's ghost. The sequel of the races for the America Cup shows the contention. The Shamrock and Columbia were as like as twins off the same stock, except in minor matters, hich made the major difference that saw the Shamrock droop. But as Sir Thomas Lipton is a mug he may vet bring back the prize cup. So be it. 