A Gbostfr Appearance at Auburn. E X C I T E M E N T IN THE NEIGHBOUR- HOOD. Tho* some sceptics may deny belief in visitants from another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies hard. Miss Marner, of "Lamington," Victoria-road, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once seen something resembling a ghost—when for instance, die looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by many months' illness. She saya:—" I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel snfliciently unwell to take to my bed, bat experienced a continued linguid f ueling that made me most nr's arable. Father took me to see a doctor and he said 1 was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to excert myself. As I had no inclination to do eo, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then 1 commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest," " We tried everything to indnce sleep," interposed M- Marner, but without effect; then I consulted a well known Collins Street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally weakness and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, bnt she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rieing in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost" " This time last year," said Miss Alice," I weighed 7st Slbs, now I am 9st Tibs." " A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial." " No; all the medicine I got did me very little gooa. Actuallv, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just befoie the Jubilee holidays father bought me a box of Dr Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr Pieasances, Chapel Su, Piab'an; they did me so moch good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am jiow as healthy as anyone could wish," *' And you would recommend them ? " " Yes; and that strongly too," said Mr. Marner. "Had I knowu of Dr Williams' Pink Pills two years before it would have saved me a hundred pounds." There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if thev act as this young lady did. Dr Williams Pink Pills will cure anemia, weak heart, sleep lessness, scrofula, consumption, chronic creysipelas, debility, indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and chest end lung troubles, pale and sallaw complexions, paralysis, locomotor ataxia, neuralgia, St Vitus dance, and nervous headache, and fcll nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr Williams' Medicine Company c/o Rocke, Tompsiti & Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, at 2,9 a box, or rix for 15/3, but are genuine only with the fuU game (seven words), Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box. Thousands have testified to their curative powers. 