THE GOMTMBOTQB. I MENTAL TELEGRAPHY AND MINDREADJNG. [By A. M.} __ Sign or Marconi's brilliant achievement in wirelees telegraphy has revived upeettla tion upon the potabilities underlying the strange phenomena of thought, particularly as manifested in the unconscious influence of one mind npon another. Modern science has done much to dispel the mystery -which pervaded this subject, and to encourage what Professor Tyndall happily called '"The scientific use of imagination." The study of the manifestations of the hntnan intel lect has greatly increased in interest and importance in modern fames. From the narrower field of psychology—or the "Study of the Conscious Ego," as Sir William Ha milton defined it—it has extended to a field of enquiry so wide and so altered that an adequate name can hardly foe given to it. "Psycho-physics" more nearly describes it than any other term; but it is a department of science which requires experimental aud other research into its mysteries rather than the logical refining of philosophers— research with that keen scrutiny of science which assumes nothing, nor is awed by mys tic terms and vague meaningless solemnities. The vulgar spirit-rappers and ghost-raisers are being replaced by shrewd investigators who, in the dry light of science, examine those phenomena which have "confounded the ignorant" and often "amazed indeed the very faculties of eyes and ears" in the Wise. An era. was marked when Professor Fer rier made his experiments with an ordi nary galvanic battery upon an exposed bra'n. By the mere artificial application of the electric current to various parts of the cerebral tissue he produced muscular ac tion, corresponding to the different parts of the grey matter of the brain operated upon. Indeed, he mapped the whole human brain into centres corresponding with the several muscular movements of the body, and to some extent also the sensory cen tres. A touch in one spot produced kick ing out of the leg; in another, clenching the fists; in a third, winking, or dilatation of the eye; and so on. Tbe ancients, who located the passions in various parts of the body -^affection in the heart and jealousy in the liver—would be more than astonished to find thc-m parcelled out in tiny sections in th-oso few ounces of matter that contain that complex thing, the mind of man. All this goes to show merely what an elaborate system of telegraphy the human brain and nerves are. The eye perceives an impending dancer Intelligence is flashed to the brain centre, and thence again to the' protecting aim, raised instantaneously to ward it off; iiswl so til rough the worse garment ot we organs and nerves. What Ferrier did by applying electricity to the brain the ordi nary system of telegraphy does in a simpler way by the communicating wire. The two things are analogous in their action. But Marconi's discovery carries us further, and opens up limitless fields of speculation, if the electric current can be transmitted through space, and reach its destination in a sympathetic receiver, why not those brain fl;»-'he= to whioh ft is allied? Here we have at least reached a scientific basis of enquiry, and a notable advance is made from the age of a form of speculation, characterized by !il! sorts of hypotheses, none too extravagant to be accepted. Belief in them was justi fied mostly by the argument that, whereas the phenomena transcend experience, and we know no,thing of them, the hypothesis may be true. This system of reasoning we arc made familiar with by theologians, and no: uliarly by the dealers in the mystic and inij-ar-tilous; in imaginative formulas, doc trines, and cults. Stern, uncompromising vi<-'K-e will have none of it. The unknown, it declares, must l>e investigated by means nf the kno,wn, and not otherwise. This is the hittlc-ground of the "Warfare of .Science/' 'JV ;i. limited extent and in some form the phenomena of thought transference are fami liar to most people. "Mind-reading" and "Willing" are the simplest manifestations of much the same thing, the effect of which in that one intellect closely concentrated up. on an object may influence another and receptive mind in that direction. Given physical contact, there seems little doubt oi' the proposition as thus baldly stated. Many will remember tiie rather startling performances of Mr. Stuart Cumberland some years ago in our own Town Hall. The ira! vellous rapidity with which independent of the aid of. any medium he discovered hidden pins, and read the numbers on banknotes concealed in the pockets, and ccnimitted to the memories of leading citi zcjj could not but impress those who saw it. Of course, he was not singular in the p.;«>tv«si<in of this gift. Many people have it in a greater or less degree, but constant miltivation of the faculty had probably conduced to the degree of perfection to which he had attained^ Allied to this form of mind divination is that which adds a touch of mystery in the shape of a real or pretended "trance" of the performer, un der the influence of which he discovers knowledge hitherto unknown to him. Of such are the mystic healers, "somnilo qnifre," and "trance mediums," who hy "going off" or gazing at a lock of hair dis cover or pretend to discover diseases. Tbey probably do nothing more than read off pretty accurately the dominant ideas :n the minds of the latter—a task in many eases hardly calling for any abnormal mental gift. I'Jvcry one who goes to an unorthodox "healer," of course, thinks that something is the matter with hirn, and often thinks also that it is some thing which the numerous doctors who in the language of advertisement "have given him up" distinctly tell him itisnot. In view of this it is remarkable how many-"pro fessors" succeed in diagnosing exactly what the patients themselves believe their ail ments to be. It is a anbtle form of flattery. One of the best illustrations of what ap pear to be genuine eases of the exercise of this faculty of divination is the experience of Robert Browning with a famous Jtanan "seer." The latter asked Mr. Browning for A trinket with some historic value. The poet carried none; hut by mere chance there- were under his coat some old sleeve studs. Gazing at one of these, the Italian almost at once said—"Here is something which cries out 'Murder!' " and he proceed ed to give much detail of a crime with which the studs were associated; which, says Browning, was perfectly true, as the studs had blen long before taken from the dead body of a murdered uncle. Here there were at least three possibilities. The "seer"' may have made a marvellous guess, or he may have known something of the history of the trinket—both suppositions highly im probable; or, what is likely, the strong brain of the poet-—full of the grim history of the studs—was read off like au open book by virtue of that mysterious faculty to which we cannot yet assign a proper name. Latter-day prophets have arisen to testi fy to similar striking experiences. Mark Twain, among them, tells how he. suddenly became possessed with the idea of touring the world as a lecturer, under the guidance i the "much-travelled Mr. Smythe," at j the precise moment when the -latter had arrived at the same determination; and that- they Wrote letters to one another in consequence to Jthe tome import, and, as -we know, with happy results. This, of course, may be merely a coincidence; "and it is to be noted that coincidences mostly" come to those on the lookout for them, as sporting men see omens and "dead birds" in the happening of everjf extraneous event. Bat the theory Upon which the supposed "brain waves" are based is at least under standable, though it can hardly he mathe matically demonstrated. Every action of the brain produces a change of some kind. It may he a chemical cpe or merely me chanical. but the essential tilling is a change. Such a variation, whether in the matter' or form, may reasonably produce some subtle vibration of the imponderable ether which surrounds and permeates all the physical universe, just as sound, light, heat, and electricity are supposed to vibrate or undulate through space. Nothing in the material world is lost. This" is the dearest doctrine of science—the indestructibility of matter and force. May not something ana logous be postulated for the movements, undulations, vibrations—whatever they be —of thought? There is much quite natural in what now seems strange, if philosophy could find it out. Philosophy and physical science ai'e, however, more rea-lly allied here in the examination of men tal phenomena than elsewhere, and psycho-physios is jnst that study which trenches upon both, so as to be in separable from either. "The art and prac tiek part of life must be the mistress of the thearick," says fthakspeare. When they are happily thus wedded we may look for ward with some certainty to further re searches of a deeply interesting character. 