Notes from Auburn. [By our own Correspondent.] May 17. Fruit Exportation. — It is satisfactory to note that the cargo of fruit exported to England by the Victoria has arrived in good condition, as Mr. J. G. Williams, of Skilly sent a consignment of 30 cases of apples by that boat. According to the cablegrams good prices were realised. The Weather. — On Monday we were treated to a fine specimen of the genus duststorm. As Jupiter Pluvius came along after it ceased it is presumed that the wheel of his chariot raised the dust. If he were to send the watercart ahead of him instead of towing it at the rear of his chariot we would not be subject to the annoyance of having to dodge the flying road metal that generally heralds his com- ing. The rain that followed the dust was not very heavy, only 40 points falling up to 9 a.m. this morning. The fall has been somewhat heavier today, and will be greatly welcomed by the producers. Very Fine and Large.— For some days past there has been on view at the Rising Sun Inn an enormous specimen of a pump- kin, grown by Mr. J, Hancock, of Lower Wakefield. Its weight is 49 lbs. In ap- pearance it looks more like a marrow than a pumpkin, but it is presumed that the plant was innoculated from a marrow vine by some means or other, probably bees. Football. — Now that the cricket season is quite over we may expect our footballers to take the field once more. No meeting has been held so far, but it is to be hoped that those who play will see to the matter at once, and get together a team that will uphold the honor of the 'red and blacks' as in days of yore, and then again we shall hear the battle cry, ' Rally up, Auburns!' Dramatic Performance. — Owing to the wet weather a poor house greeted the performers in ' Bluebeard' and ' Old Gooseberry' at the hall this evening but nevertheless the amateurs entered into the spirit of the plays, and did themselves credit. The characters in ' Bluebeard' were — Bluebeard, Miss L. Webb; Ibra0 him, Master F. Lipson ; Selim, Miss L. Webb; Fatima, Mrs. J. W. Yeatman ; Irene, Miss D. M. Yeatman ; ghosts, Miss Ethel Yeatman, and Master C. Yeatman ; pages, Masters C. and E. Yeatman. Those in 'Old Gooseberry' were— Old Goose- berry, Mr. W. F. Keynes ; Laura Corker, Miss M. A. B. Limbert ; Simon Snapshot, Mr. O. H. Castine ; Matty, Miss L. Webb ; gamekeeper, Mr. C. Burfield; gardener, Mr. F. E. Barkla. It is somewhat invid- ious to make comparisons in amateur theatricals, but Miss Webb undoubtedly took first place for her acting in both plays, as she had a lot to do and did it well. The dresses throughout were all that could be desired, and showed that no effort had been spared to give the performance a realistic effect. The audience, though not as large as could have been wished, was very appreciative. The gross proceeds, which are in aid of the water supply of St. John's Church, amounted to £3 18s. May 18. Rain.— The rainfall for the 24 hours ending 9 a.m. to-day amounted to 20 points. The weather is still wintry, but has every appearance of becoming fine shortly. 