THE SCHOQL MAID AXD FATHER. HER GM$ are generally credited'with being more dutiful than their brothers to the wishes of their parents; probably maternal inKueuo! is -responsible for this. Bovs —. saiooI.Dqys ,at any rate—are prettv well all \- ^ w th the 8aJne ;; brush, their first step m the direction of striking for liberty not infrequently amounting to playing truant from school, or "wagging it," as it is fre- " termed. Whatever the earlv'offences of young ladies may be, thev 'have rarely been charged, with that of playing truayt.. As an instance of obedicnc-e to paternal wishes may be quoted the follow- 'ng-'—Alice Maimer is the daughter of Mr. George Marner, of "Lamington," Victoria-road, Auburn. Miss Marner has been very ill, and upon returning from school she experienced a continued languid feeling that made iier most miserable. In the course ofemiverfiatioa with a reporter she said-— Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no incluiation to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the quinine tonic' given me-with regularity. Then .1 commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night ] could_scarcely get any rest." "We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Air. Marner, "but it had no ef. feet. Then I consulted a well-known Collins-street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother book her away for a trip to Queensland, hut she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising i;i the morning; and food taken ctfmld not be kept down. She lo&t; fleih. and became a mere ghost." "'This timo list year," said Mi.sj? "1 weighed 7 =t. 3 lb., now I am 9 st 7 ft." "A frrc-ai improvement: your treatment mun have been bencficial?" "Xo; all the medicine I got did me very litt-c good. Actually Dr. Williams' piuk piUs for pale people deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays last yeir. father boupbt me a box of Dr. WUiiams' pink pills at Mr. Pleasancc's, Chapel- street, Prahran. I had heard so much of the beneficial changes which they had produced in others that I obeyed father's wishes that I should be careful to follow the directions. I am glad to say that they did me so mueh good that I continued ivith them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, ar.d I am no-w as hc-althy as any one could '•.And you would recommend them?" '"Yes; and that strongly, too," slid Mr. Marner. "had I known of Dr. Williams' pink pills 'two years before, it would have saved mc a hundred pounds." A perusal r>f the foregoing must have shown vou that Dr. Williams' piDk pills for pale people accomplish cures after other remedies have failed. They did in Miss Marner'.- case. For rheumatism, influenza, bronchitis, pneumoT.ia, sciatica, lumbaco. general weakness, &e.;, given a fair-trial! they never disappoint. \- Avoid substitutes and get the p gcruine pill* with all seven word*—Dt. Wiiliam^ pink pills for pale people—printed in i-cr| ink on v.'liite outside Avrapuc-i-. Of chemist-- and storekeepers, and the Dr. William?' Medicine Co., Adelaide. S.A.; six bf.xe» fifteen a.nd threepence, one box two shilling? and ninenence, no«r paid. These are -the pills which cured Miss Marner. 