HEADLESS FOLK, ? -o ? ?. - It is curious how often, and how per sistently, headlessness has figured in popular legend and in legendary history, secular and ecclesiastical. 'Among .the men or' the prehistoric age, 'in the, very dawn of time, roughly drawn or scratch ed headless figures were svmbols of the dead. Mediaeval romancing travellers wrote gravely .of strange races of men who were said to be destitute of heads, and, to have eyes in their breasts. One of the old chronicles describes an ap parition seen in the thirteenth year of King Edward lV's. reign. There was a voico heard, 'he says, in the air' between Leicester' and Banbury, and 'in dyverse other places, crying , for a long time 'Bowes! Bowes!3 which was' herde for forty menne ;and somenienne said that he had cryed soo was a hedles inanne.' But what this remarkable cry meant we are not told, although it is included with sundry other *tokens that were shown that year in England for 'amend- ynge of mennys .lyvynge.' St. Denis, when his head was cut off, is said to have walked away quite cheerfully, carrying it under his arm ; and strange stories of.headlessness have been told quite seriously in mucb more modern times. For instance, Hawthorne relates that a sea captain once. told him a strange story, of ^'incident which was »aid to have ^curred during the action between the Constitution and the Mace donia, which was fought during the war of- 181 2 between this country arid the 'United States. The captain was at the time powder-monkey aboard the Consti tution, and saw a cannon shot come through the ship's side.' A seaman's head was struck off, probably by a splinter, for it was done, he said, with out bruising the head or body, as clean as by a razor.- l The unfortunate man at the time of the occurrence -was walking pretty briskly, and tho captain seriously affirmed that he kept walking onward at the same pace, with two jets of blood gushing from1 the. headless trunk, till, after going about twenty feet without a head, he sank down at, once, with his legs under' him. , . . . - .' Headless folk figure somewhat extensively in local legendary lore; which' is hardly surpri sing,' perhaps, for among the strange shapes of bogeyland few are more cal culated to impress the rustic imagina tion than the horses and men .without heads, of whom so many1, terrifying stories are told. Some years ago a lady was teaching a Sunday school class- in Sussex, and asked for an explanation of the phrase; their 'ghostly enemy.' The children unanimously replied that' it meant 'a spirit that comes back from the grave,' and then -they proceeded to pour out a stream of ghost stories which fairly, astonished their teacher. Head less folk, of course, figured freely. Spirits walking without any1 heads at all, others carrying them tucked under their arms, and one,- given to the bad habit of haunting a dark, lane, rejoicing in a ball or fir© on its shoulders instead of a head^-all these were found to be still real and terrifying to Sussex chil dren. Mr. Baring Gould has recorded a Yorkshire instance of this kind . of superstition. He was told of an old 'barn near Thirsk which was said to be haunted by a headless woman. A tramp went into it one night to sleep, but 'at midnight ho was awakened by a liffht, and, sitting up, he saw a woman coming towards him -from the end of the barn, holding her head in her hands like a lantern, with light streaming out of the eyes, nostrils, and -mouth. He sprang out, of the bam in a fright, breaking a hole in the wall to escape. ? This hole I was shown. six yeai's' ago. Whether the barn still stands I cannot say.' — 'GloH.' ? ' ? 