I Original Story. |. lppy;s, luck, | 31 Miner's Christmas Story, I (Br PAUL . TWYFORD.) I' . ' ALL BIOHTS BZBUVJIDI I . I .mot Jexon in the street; he | looked pale and miserable — like a b ghost. No wonder I The man's k Finances were at the lowest possible s; ebb, hie hunger nneppeaaed, his ij clothes shabby and worn, and withal \- the day wae wot, cold and miser- ablo. f . lib recognised me ; . in fact, the recognition was mutual ; yet 1 passed t . him by. - There wore old associations t not 'desirable .to ho renewed. I ' jurned to in order to see 'whither he shaped his footsteps, and lo, he had k atoppedin his shuffling walk and wae p- looking at' mo.' He grinned ; so . did . .1 ..Then he '.came up .to nio and £.. poured forth his troubles. They V ,were. many - and, to some or tent, 1 i - sympathised, though, as 1 had been | J had .' before 1 was wary. Ho pro- | duced a small vial from bis pocket. ||- I Loot at that,' ha said. I did look, and look the bottle in. my baud. It ff: held about two penny weights of . gold and I- told him so. \p ' That's the exact weight,' bo said ; | . 'nice, gold; ain't it?' & 1 nodded, nothing more. I knew . Jexoh, -.and, wasn't taking any bogus ® . gold venture just then. Re .knew me too, and know that Si .where .there was a ' hit of ' gold to . be & got, I. woe ae keen as a terrier after a K .bat,. Joxon and I had foregathered '_ ; in. days gone . by,. "We .had & been co-agitators, labour mea, and; | .socialists., Jexon was also a rabid f temperance advocate, but in that 1 . could not follow him. J Jexon was an unlucky follow- loo, he could novor make any headway in ' anything, and it was not for lack of jt enorgy either, for he wob full of it. | Latterly Me had gone in for gold ' digging, at least he eaid so, and 1 ij) had no reason to deny it, though 1 k cogfess I was Bcopticul, y Anyway, there wae the gold and 'v ; this is the story ho told mo : ' v., 'Thoro'a eix of us, and we're upon f : the ' (name of tho river whispered in! i. - my oar) ' and that is a sample of the ' gold wo liavo found.' |v Ho stopped abruptly, but 1 on- k ! couraged him to proceed, - k - 'Well, why we want help.'- ' I-UroBay, Moot -new . ohum. minora do, especially mea of yonr I'/ Uiutg,'. i 'Now, don't 'be hard on a oovoT You're a ' luoky one, yoa are, and oughtor have a little feeling for them . bb isn't' ' Can you. put me on to anybody f- asked Jexon, after a pause. < I might ; but it is hard to trust men gold mining. ' I know men who might help yon, after they have helped themselves, and I also know you.' ' ' Oh, stow it Let by-gones be by gones. , 'Very well. By-the-bye, where'a- the missua and kids ?' ' In a bad way. Keeping a penny liqsh house in street How she's lived while I've been away,. God only knows. But Lippy (my natno, I m'ay state, ia Lipscombo— Alfred Lipscombe) she's a stunner,' ' She is, I believe. Bad job for her 'that ever ebe married you, Jex.' ' < Y-e-e, perhaps so; but — well, what about tbe gold ?' ' Nothing, I'll give you no advice lest it come home to me, and I must know more about it before 1 move ai hand's stir. Will you have a drink?' .' Yon knowl won't' ' Not of hot coffee ? Here's a place and you look cold enough to freere a fellow, . . Come in antl get warmed.' The man's face relaxed, and hie heart, I knew, -was gladdened, not only by the fumes of hot coffee,' but by the hope that I was relenting. ' To be honest with you, Lippy,' he said, ' I don't want money, that 1b I don't went .to sell ; we think too much of it, and only require as much money as will provide tucker foi a few months.' ' Is that all ? What about tools?' ' 'We have plenty, but we can't work without tucker.' 'True; hut how did yon' get to Sydney?' ' Walked every step of the way,' The fellow seemed so earnest, so eager, and withal, so moderate, that I did relent, and quickly summing up matters in my own mind, I made this proposition to him : " 'Well, Jex, I . will help - you. : I'll go with yon and attend to the laying out of my own money, :'I am going up to in order 'to'. -see . what's what, and if it suits my book, I'll .. keep you and . your mates in return I for an equal share free of all further expense .to me, subject to this con dition: that I can stop supplies at any moment I like; and further, that the coat of food and'any other expense I may be put to will be a Bret charge ou the washings.' £ Agreed. You're a brick, Lippy ;' and be eagerly gripped my hand. 'Now, Jex, show me where yon live?' ..' ' He hesitated,, but, after 'consider ing a bit, led tko way. The neigh bourhood was a frowsy one, and the penny hash house' uninviting in tho extreme.' Yet there were -there a dozen .. men or so sitting in the sparely furnished -« reading room' smoking. , L \- ..I told.her what I was goingto ao, and she -thanked me in her' qniet unobtrusive way. / Upon leaving I slipped a bonk note into Aire. Jexon's hand. — At the appointed time Jexon met me at the railway 'station. His swag, was a light one, but that wasn't my business Anyhow, - 1 shared my ruge with him ih the oar. . Arriving at . we had to negoti-. ate a twenty mile, coaoh ride,: and then a walk of two miles brought us to the claim. f I knew the country, as I had been there in the early days, and saw but few changes. - / Jexon took me to tho'hut. " It was noon, and yet there was no sign of work. On a fire in the .open was a billy, and sitting by it two hang-dog looking fellows smoking; inside were three "others, equally unprepos sessing, sitting at a table -playing ouchro. They, looked np for a mo ment and resumed their game. ' This .is a new mate' I ' have brought you— an old friend of mine who has, promisod to help us,' said Jexon, in a pleasant sort of way, hie face all smiles. - ' We ain't got nothin'. to eat, so can't ask ye to 'ave a bite.' Whatl. Haven't ydu . gotabit of goldf ... ' Gold be — . Where can we get goldf Whioh sounded bad for my venture. . ' And haven't, yon . been trying? asked Jexon. .. / . ' What bloomin' rot.;, you know we can't work an' we starvin'. . Why. we can't even get a drink o' . milk from the old cocky down yonder.'. - . I said nothing, but studied the crowd with some ourioeity. 1 learned from .Jexon . that the cooky kept a store. -. I gave him some money to purchase meat and bread, eugeir and tea: — nothing, else. I was going to try. an experiment, I could live as hard as any one, and naturally ex- peoted others to do so when neces sary. The food wee procured, and end the men tucked in a pretty good tightness of fried mutton and home- . made bread, moistened with panni kins of tea. There was no Btint, and I noticed that the chaps had ' sweet teeth,' for there was a big run on the sugar bag. Jexon gave up his stretcher to me and slept on the floor; it wub pretty cold and I halved my wraps with him. I was shown the Claim next morning. To the .un initiated there was nothing : to see, hut that did not ' disturb me I wanted to see tbe place where the - two penny weights come from, Jexon pointed out a hole in the drift; I tried several paneful of stuff and' got merely colours in each.' I ad vised Jexon-to set the otherB opening out in the bank. He spoke to them, and -there was some discussion. « Let's tes your tools,' I said: They Lwote produced, and a more disoredit- | ablo lot of picks and shovels I had never seen. ' | The fellows pottered about making somo sort of pretence of work, and I went to tbe hut and put on some : working dude. The follows stared at me when I went amongst them in moleskins, heavy boots, and big hare arms ready for action. I put in an afternoon's work, and rather liked tho look of tho country, though I got no proBpeot. That evening I sent for no tucker, and all hands . looked glum. We finished tho remnants of yesterday's mutton and bread, and no one had enough. After that repast I put matters plainly before them : $If . I wob to find tucker, I muBt have a fair return in work. I had shown them the way, and they must make ah effort. When. I saw them in earnest I would provide better tools and quarters, with heaps of grub. It depended entirely on them selves. If they were men, and acted fair by me, I'd stand by them, for three monthe ; if they did not, either they or I would have to olear out. Binding no gold in a week, I told Jexon that he had lied to me,- and' in .a servile, apologotio fashion he ad mitted the soft impeachment. - ' ' Never mind,' I eaicl,' 'I 'must try and make the best of it.' We must have better tools and better men.' ' What will you do then ?' . ' In a day or two I'll tell you ; but I must go into - (tho nearest town) and I leave my few belongings in your .care. I may trust yon that much.' He looked at me repronoh fully. ' You Buroly can trust me that much.' ' I will do so. I'll .hire" a - horse from our cooky friend' below, and "hope to be 'back in 'two daye.' My first visit was to the 'mining registrar. ' From him I heard that no lease had been applied for, and that no miner's righto had been issued in the names I indicated. I then ap plied for 800 yards in the river bed, and 50 deres along the banks on either side, paid the deposit and took oat a miner's right for Jexon. . . I then purchased such tools as were required, together with axes, Baws, hammers, eto., and a good sup ply of provisions, to he forwarded the following day. When I got bock to tho olaim the men were all attention, but I told them nothing. They were much annoyed, you may bo sure.' , j They were experts "at ouchro, and I saw they meant to take me' down, but they had no money .to bet. , I bought tbeir interest in the claim for £10, and with Jexon as partner won it hack. . That night a heavy hand moved over my face, and in another seoond would- have clutched my throat. I had not gone to sleep, fully expeoting, some suoh attempt. My right hand held 'my revolver and I blazed away, not at the man but up, at tbe rafter. Tjie blaze revealed the fellow's faeei I then drove my left into h'lta' with; all tho force I could. I heard a howl, and then there wae a . nice olid roto. I had slipped out of bed, and ae' ,1- had turned in etAnding I was pre-' pared. Someone struck a match, and I found them all standing about me, except one, he was lying doubled np, for I had hit him below the belt.- Jexon at once attempted to. smooth matters by insisting that there had been some mistake. The others talked big, but having five shots, I talked baok pretty well aB I pleased. Jexon, speaking on their behalf, suggested a compromise. Asked what they proposed, they asked for £20 for their interests, i told them I'd see them in Halifax first. 'What would I give them then P. ' they asked. ' I have no right to give you any thing, bat to save bother here'is that £10 note and what odd silver I have will keep you on' the road. Now olear before I ride for the police. Jexon, I have not included you, bht if yoa are homeeiok here is £2 for yon though I'd rather you'd stay.'. ' -They took the money,' rolled up their swags and oleared outo. That afternoon a trooper called at. the oamp to enquire if all hands hod miner's rights. He saw mine and Jexon's, drank a pannikin of tea with as, bad a smoke, and then followed on ..the trail of'- my late mates. What for never troubled me.. Now,' Jexon, what do you intend doing?.-. Will you stay .with me or surrender- your ohanae.here? '. He eaid he'd stay. ' 'Very , well. I'll now ride to B . where I can piok up. two or three good men.' . ; . I knew all the old diggings about B. , hut oil my old oronies had loft or. were dead, though they were known to those I. interviewed. . I made arrangements with six good, men, who returned with. me, bring ing with them all, that belonged to thein on ;paok-horses. They were of the good old type of gold-digger — strong, hearty, and capable, and looked respeotable men. And what a change they brought I We soon had a decent oamp, and better still, a big cat opened out and the bottom taken up. It was dry weather arid we, had no diflloulty with the water. ' The yield, upon washing up, wae highly satisfactory. Subsequent washings proved jnet as good, Then Jexon wanted to go home. I didn't blame bim for he -had a good wife, and his share would set them' up. He was a Bpare, weak man, and his heart was not in the work. He had £50 in his pooket, and I offered £50 for his share. He demurred at first, ' beoause,' he said, ' you have been a real' friend, and I i ought not to take a, penny from you." 'Letnto owe dt to, you, then. Per haps £50 about Christmas' will como - in handy, though; 1 hope you - will have doubled your £50 by then.' ' By enquiring at ..a well-known socialistic rendezvous, I founcl Jexbn, and I am. glad to say, in a far greater ' degree of comfort than I had' ever ' Been- him. Mrs! Jexon woe miiflt'pf 6- ' fuse in her thanks. . ' ' Strolling out one evening with bid ' Jex, we bow a , crdwd in CaBtloreagh- etroot. Some great political qu&Mion; v was being disouseed, and among' the speakers in the crowd I recognised the man who would have- ohekAd me as I slept. He. was in fine fettle, ' talked a hurricane, and had the crowd with him. I got in front of- him, hoping -to catoh.hie eye. Presently bo uttered some nonsense, aud i chal lenged him. I Boon found that I had raised a hornet's nest, and: only" that Jexon jumped upon the wall (where they were speaking) and addressed ' the orowd in a really good, sensible speech, I think I should have been mobbed. . . -. , . -Joxon had very much . moderated his views, though- ho had not de serted his old comrades. He Was not' in any employment,, but' 'Me aseiqjfed' his wife very materially, ih,, boarding house, .which was qui£s a stylish place, , I handed Mrs. Jexon the othet £50 and I learned from her tliqt ahe ahd a -bright girl named Lucy had '1 com pleted their arrangements ' to make me happy. ' ' - ' 1 Christmas Day was really a-happy day, and I may say .that marly happy days have followed! That ' year was my very . luckiest year, for though the -claim on tho; river wasn't ex ceptionally rich, I married and won a splendid n ugget in my wife, for Bhe stood five feet . seven " inches in- height, weighed- ten ' stone, and wee just turned 25. She has been. worthi her 'weight ih gold - to me,- and I always call her ' Lucky Lucy,' for my luck has been even steadienisiuce wo'coupled ; and though -only cou ul ry . ' reared and unsophisticated iu.imapy tilings, she knows her -way -about better tban - most' city vcomeu, and better tban all, sbe is lovable bnil . > affectionate and thinks a lot ..of her \- ' old < man,' ; meaning, of course, ' Alfred Lipscombe.-otherwise Lippy.' And- that is all I have to say. My ' luck is good for a life time, beyond all doubt, for not only is my big , 'nugget' as bright and winsome- as ever, - but at this moment three -smaller 'nuggets' are overhauling their ChristmaB stockings' for good ' things and offering me bits of each -variety.' And — there I've eaid enough. . ' " - - 