The Secret' of Bflotiks wood Waste. CHAPTER XI. sybii'b hero. He was there. Standing beforo one of the 'long, narrow windows, gassing out at the purple twilight gummed with golden stars, at his own wide domain, lordless so long, stood tho hero of her dreams, thought of, loncred for, idealised all hor life — Cvril Tre« vanion. A tall, dark man — sho saw that beforo ho turned round — with glistening threads of silver in the raven blackness of his hair ; moro slender and less stalwart of figure than the Trovauions were wont to be. As the faint, subtle odour of perfume, tho light swish of her silken robe, the first faint feminine exclamation reached him, he swung round, advanced a step, and Sybil aud Cyril stood face to face. Fifteen years boforo thoy had parted down yonder, under tho ancostral oaks and elms, shojclinging to his neck, he kissing and bidding her good-bye, on his way to that fatal brido for whom ho had lost all. And now they looked in each other's eyes again, Child as sho had been, she remembered vividly how ho had looked that night, beautiful, with man's bost beauty, bright-eyed, cloar-browed, hopeful, aud handsome. ? And now! He stood boforo her, pale almost to ghastliness, deep bistro tints under the largo black eyes, a jetty moustacho shading tho stern, set mouth, and a dark, fixed gravity overshadowing all the faco. It was Cyril Trevanion — she know him at once — bnt darkly, sadly changed. Tho glad words of wolcomo diod out on Sybil's lips. Something in tho Btony fixed noss of that rigid faco chilled to tho core of hor heart. ' My brother told mo you woro, horo,' sho said, advancing with outs.trotclied hand, and all the sympathy sho darod not express shining in tho eloquent violet eyes. ' We havo been \- . Jdoking forward to your coming this long, long timo. I need not say how happy I am to welcome you back to Monks wood, Colonol Trovanion.' In tho days gone by Sybil had improvised ' somo hundreds of eloquent and pathetic little ' speeches wherewith to welcome hor ' prince' liomo. Now the priiico stood before hor, and tho wolcomo resolved itself into those com monplace wordB. Cyril Trevanion bent an instant ovor tho poarly hand, thon droppod it. It wbb tho hand upon which tho solitaire, his parting gift, shono; but ho did not soo it. ' It is a very painful return, Miss Tro vanion,' ho said, and ovon his vory voice seamed strangely changed to Sybil, ' as pain ful as tho parting. I find my fathor dead, his fato wrapped in darkest mystery, and-' Monkswood, blooming once, ' as tho rose,' changed to a forsakon wilderness. My poor father ! 1 wish to Heaven it had been in my powor to reach here soonor 1' He turned away from hor, and looked out of tho window again at tho silvoi'y gloaming Bottling over the yollow Sussex downs. 'Yes,' Sybil answered, ' ifc is a pity.. Ho wished to soo you so much, to forgive you so ardently, to look his last on your faco beforo ho diod. Tho horrible darkness that shrouds his ond nearly drives me wild when I think ' of it. It is the most utterly incomprehensible mystery that was ovor heard of. Tho house , was carofully baltod and secured ; it hold but a fow womon, and two or throo faithful mon ; servants. , Ho was. utterly unable to quit his bod, to raiBO himself in it of himsolf. I leavo him for a fow ? hours in ohargo of Mrs. Tolfor, Oloanto, and Mrs. Iugram, , and lo ! in the morning he is gone as if ho -had beon spirited away 1 Not \--v a trace, not a cluo remains. Tho watcliors Blept, overy thing is found soouro as wo loffc it ; bnt not' the faintest vostigo of his mysterious fato romainB. , I go half mad with wondor and terror when I think of it.' ' It is moBfc extraordinary. And thoso watohors. Had you implioifc faith in them ?' Mrs. Tolfor and Oloanto ' you know, Colonol Trovanion,' Sybil rospondod, a littlo surprised. 'Tlioy havo boon in his sorvioo tlidso thirty' years. As for Mrs. Ingram, Blie ','is n lady, ana mamma's friond,and, of course, J ' -Goneral Trovanion and his will coitld' bo sli - . nothing to -hoiv ' You, know,' Colonol Ti'o i' 'vanion,' hesitating slightly, ' that tlio now oi ? 'will, that' loft all to1 yon, as 'it should always havo boon loftj disappeared with him.' ' 'I know it-i-yes. i'T don't 'rogrofc that.' ?j'--' Permit mo to' congratulate you on your ftooossion.' You will mako a much bottor uso ?? ' of all ' thdso-;ingots''tlian I would' ovor do, .?-' 'You have boon -my' tfathor's ono 6omforfc and Holaco all thoso 1 yoars, I know. His com panion almost always, wore you not?' ; ' Sinoo.I ldftsoliool, and Iloft-vory early— -? yes. Tho last threo ypars wo sponfc in Italy \-- ??? and tlio south of Franco j but hia constitution i. i wns 1 entirely gono, and,'.' with 'a shy, wistful ii . ; glance, ' ho noyer was tho : samo, Cousin ' Oyi'il, sinco lio lost'pu. - Ho ^lovod y.ou vory \- ? * doarly. He forgavo you in his hoarfc, long ago, I know. ' -L think, sometimes, ifc might have ' ? added years to hia lifo to havo' had you: by his ? sido.' '? ?' ' ' ' 1 Tho moody! darkness on tho brow of tho 1 ' ox-oolonol of oavalry'dooponod; Ho mndo no . 1 roply j tit1 tho 1 momorit Oharloy anmo \-- lonngitig in, witli his habitual lazy ail'. ? ' ' The 'todsin: ic)f ' tlio -sotil' has ?sbunded, j' ? 'Misfl' Trovrfnioni i and' your' only brofchor ifl 'i ; ' hungry : onouglr to oat'fi'iottflsood' monkoy, if i ' .Mii y'on dorl't tell1 him what it 10'] '' Maogrogor waa '? '' snipd' shooting^ to-day, and soduood mo into ' jipopxnpaophs and l liopo Mr. Mao gmgor's head won't ache until he catches me at it again. 'Hie way that man swings over * brake, bush, and scaur' might take the conceit out of the favourite for the Derby. Pedes triau exercise is healthy, thoy say. I don't know i never went in for it much ; but I have my doubts, if ifc nmkes a man's appetite so painful. If you've done all your pretty speeches to tho returned chieftain, Sybil, we'll adjourn to dinner.' The trio adjourned at once to the dining room, not the great dining-room of Monks wood, which was about as vast aud cheerful as a church, but to a cozy little apartment opening off tho drawing-room, all brilliant with the light of many wax candles, and all a-glitter with glass and Sevres and quaint old silver, and whoro a butler, majestic enough and solemn enough for an archbishop, stood awaiting them. It was rather a silent meal, mr would have beon, only for Charley. Colonel Trevanion's moodiness seemed a chronic complaint. He sat like a statue of dark marble among tbe wax-lights and tho flowers, eatiug little, drinking less, and talking least of all. Sybil felt a painful sense of constraint, a chilling sensation of disappointment. It was hard to find anything to''ijay ' to 'that fixed, in flexible face. But Charley, who was equal to a conversational monologue at any timo, talked away, nnd did his best to draw Sibyl's hero out. 'I trust you have 110 objection to fighting your battles over again, Colonel Trevanion ?' lio said, eyeing his tall companion. ' Sybil is soldier-mad, you know, and nothing less than the wholo Crimean campaign will satisfy her. You'll find ifc fatiguing, very likely ; but you're in for it. Russians may havo Bome mercy, but a woman hns none. By-tho-byo, you'll meet some — what's their names P — brothers-iu-nrms over there at Speckhavon ; one or two of your old regiment, even, I believe.' The face of Cyril Trevanion flushed deep dark- rod, and his bold black eyos foil. .' I havo no desire to meet any of my old comrades,' I10 said, curtly. ' Tho oircum sfcancps midor wliioh I return, tho painful past, tho — ' Ho stopped confusedly. ' I wish to renew no old acquaintances, nor form any new ones. I prefer to remain entirely alono for tho presont.' 'Oh,' Chnrloy drawled, 'Diogenes and his tub, Robinson Crusoe at Monkswood Waste! Your views of lifo appear to havo changed considerably of lato. I thought tho stories they toll at tho moss-table of your wonderful conviviality and good-fellowship had a touch of the long bow. They'll rather wondor afc tho eliango — tho follows of tho Fifteenth — afc your turning hermit aud living alono with tho prior's gliosfc. Do you romomber meeting an Englishman — a Scotch man, rather — namod Macgrogor, out in Lima, last year ? Ho tolls me ho met you thoro; and as bo's a tenant of yours now, perhaps you'll like to renew his acquaintance. Again tho deep-red flush roso ovor Cyril's swarthy face. ' No,' he said, sullenly ; 'i wish to reuow no 'one's acquaintance. I romomber no Macgrogor at Lime. A man can't be oxpoctod to keep posted as to evory John Bull or raw boned Scotchman ho meets on his travols.' Thoro was something so vindictive in his tono — something so rudo in his words — that Sybil looked at him in shocked wonder.' But her brother was in nowise moved. 'Vory true,' ho said in his softest voice ; ' only when' tho ' raw- bonod Scotchman' suffers to save our lifo, it gives him1— well, a slight claim to a placo in our recollection. But perhaps tho street brawl in which lio saved you from a Spanish dirk has slipped your memory too P' ' I was ill of a fover aftor I loft Lima,' Cyril Trevanion said, with a moody look of injury. 'It was at Valparaiso; a very dangorous brain fever, in which my lifo and reason were both despaired of. I recovered, contrary fco all expectation; but a very re markablo ohange had been wrought. All tho past was a blank. ? I rothombored nothing of my wholo lifo beforo that fatal fover, .not my own namo.' Sybil uttered an exclamation, Charloy looked at liim furtively, a curious twinklo' in his oyes, bufc his faco pretornaturally solomn. Tho ex- colonol was gazing into his plate, Ho did not seem to fancy meeting thoir gaze. ' Ah !' Charloy said, pathetically, 'what \- ? P ? __.11 ? T-_ ? 1 ? a vory remurKuuio rover, itnu uuw jl wimii uumu of my creditors could catch it ' If only a man's bootmakor and tailor lost their memory, -what au Elysium this oarth would be ! And so you havo forgotten everything, and the waters of Lotlre aro no fable, aftor all? Til mention it to Macgrogor ; ifc may save him somo trouble. Ho appoarod to liavo ..boon tojerably intimate with you out thoro. Most astonishing 'citfso you ovor hoard of — eh, Sybil P' Thoro was a oovort mockery in Charley's tone which ? his sister was quick to doteot. The painful sonso of constraint deepened. It waB a relief when dinner was over, and they returned to' tlio drawing-room, Tho Etonian strotolied himsolf upon a sofa, and went on with hiB. work of drawing out tho returned horo ; but Colonol Trovanion drew out so extremely Mine that ovon Charloy 1 was baffled. Of his battlos in India and I Russia, of his travols in South America and Contral Asia, Cyril Trovanion was strikingly reserved and taciturn. ' On their own merits modest men nro dumb,' quoted Charley. ' My own oaso pre cisely. I've covorod myself with glory somo hundreds' .of. timos iu stand-up fights with bigger boys ; I'vo had a sot-to with a dis- , :tinguishod' momber of ' the P.! R., Bully Britfcles, n,nd I licked Bully ; but 1 novor speak of those exploits, It's not a laolc , of momory', oithor V it's genuino innato modosty, tho real, uriadultoratod Simon Puro.' Lgt's havo somo music, Sybil. Talking doesn't BQom to be tho colonol's forto.' Cyril Trovnnion took his departure early. Ho was stopping at 0110 of tho Spaokhavon hotels, The brotlior and sister watched him mount his horse1 and rido away in tlio soffc Buramor moonlight, Ho had Rgreod, boforo that leave-taking, to accompany thom to Trovanion Park on tho morrow, and romain their guest for tho prosont. 'Rum. sort of a chap, that horo of yours, Sybil !' the Etonian said, as tho dark liorso man disappoarod. ' Don't rornombor « his oldest frionds, or tlio man that savod his lifo a yoar ago, and oats fish with his knifo ! Bufc thon that fover I How's/ your idoal_ now; my doar, romnntio, novel-reading- sistor P Considerably shattorod, oh P If ho woro any thing loss than a horo, and tho last of all tho groat Trovanioria, who - novor go . .wrong, I should say ho was 'about tlio groatost guy and tho sulkiest lout' I'vo ooino aoross latoly. Tho man who oan oat iaahtion outlets with his knifo, and drink oiifc of liis finger-glass, id oapablo of any oarthly onmo,' But Sybil was gone. She flitted up thi ? dark, polished oaken stairway, nnd disap i pcared in her own room. The night-lamp burned dim, but fcho lovely summer moonlight streamed in, aud put to shame its feeble glimmer. Sho blew it out, and sat down by the window', her chin resting 011 her hand, the deep, dark eyes looking thoughtfully out ovor the silvery groves of fern, tho waving trees, the velvet-green glades of Monkswood waste, And so the dream of her lifo was realised — Cyril Trevanion was come. A cold, leaden sense of chill and disappointment weighed down her heart like lead. Ho was so different — oh, so different! — from the Cyril she remembered, from tho hero of her dreams. She had read, sho had heard of his brilliant exploits, of his matchless bravery, of his countless ' deeds of dorriug-do how ho had swept down, au incarnate whirlwind, upon, hordes of turbaned Sikhs and yellow Kaffirs, and turned the tide of victory at tho lust hour; how ho had stormed batteries, and led forlorn hopes, and ridden with tho glorious Six Hundred up the doadly, heights of Balaclava. And when her oyes had flashed, and her clie'eks flushed, and her heart throbbed almost to bursting with prido and' 'joy, ' sho had remembered that this invincible horo, this Coeur de Lion, had kissed and caressed her at parting, and given her the solitaire sho wore by night and by day aB a token of his love. ' My horo, my king !' tho young enthu siast would cry, passionately kissing it, ' I would die for you ! Oh, bo a man, and suoh a man as he ! Oh, for the dear old days of chivalry and romance, when girls could go, disguised, and play page, at least, to their leigo lord and knight. My own brave Cyril!' And now the great dream of her life was realized ; her lion-hearted had cotno — a tall, black-browed sullen gentleman, wrapped in gloom as in a mantle^ guilty of awkward nesses that made tho high-bred young lady's hair riso, and most shamefully ungrateful to tho man who, only a year before, had saved his lifo. Ono by ono tho slow tears aroso in the j proud eyas and fell, sho was so unutterably shocked aud disappointed. Hor idol of old was but potter's clay. Poor Sybil ! Tho hours of tho genial July night woro on. She had littlo dosiro for sleep. A Bouorous clock over tho stables struck loudly tho mid night hour beforo sho awoko from her painfui reverie. With a long, shivoring sigh, sho waB about to rise and preparo for bed, when something caught hor oyo that riveted hor to tho spot, aud set her heart beating wildly with a son-: sation nigli akin to terror. A figure was moving amid tho shrubbery — a tall iiguro, wearing somo kind of dark, shrouding garment, not unlike a priestly Boutnuo. Slowly it moved — now stopping, now going on, now lost in douse shadow, now distinct in the brilliant light of tho moon. It loft tho shrubbery and entered tho Prior's Walk. Was it tho prior's ghost tak iug its customary midnight airing, and tolliug its ghostly beads under tho monastic oaks p No. Tho vivid moonlight streaming full on tho londly figuro its head turned toward tho watcher's window, showed Miss Trovanion tho handsome faco, bronzed and boarded, of Macgrogor, tho tonant of tho Retreat. ? - Sybil draw hor breath again ; she had been torribly startled. Mr. Macgrogor wore a long, loose, picturesque- looking cloak, and a broad brimmed Spanish sombrero, and was alto gether not unlike . a brigand in a play, or a sentimental cavalier como to sing his midnight sorenado under his lady's lattice. ? He did nothing of tho kind, howovor, ho paced 1 briskly up and down tho long, leafy aisle, in I tho solomn boauty of tho night, for noarly an ' hour. Sybil watched him through it all, surprised, curious, amused. Thon ho plunged with a crash into tho hr plantation and disappeared. ' How odd !' Sybil thought, languidly, for getting all about her cousin in this now sensa tion. ' What a very occenfcrie persouago this Mr, Macgrogor must be ! But then authors aro all eccontrio, I believe. I shall like to know him, I fancy, and I must road his books. Ho has boen a great traveller, and is wonder fully olovor, I suppose, lie lias tho face for it; and I like clover men.' Tho ox-cavalry colonel and tho eocoutric tonaufc of tho Retreat wero qucerly onough niixod up in Miss Trovauion's dreams that night, Sho awoke from , ono — a most vivid vision— in which a glistening black Bnako, with tho wide, yelvot eyes and silicon smile of 1 Edith Ingram, was about fco spring upon hor wjth its doadly folds, whilst Cyril stood by with grimly folded arms and gloomy face. Sho struggled— sho strovo to cry out — hor last hope was gono, whon orashing out of tho iiv troes, came tho tall Macgrogor, and hiB blaolc tliorn whirled through tho air aud came down liko tho stroko of doom on tho hooded sorpout j head. And Cyril slunk moodily away, aiid i tho haudsomo tenant of tho Rotroafc had knelt 011 ono kneo beforo hor ou tho groonsward, his kingly brow uncovered, and said : ' Look afc mo; Sybil. I am—'. And just horo a sunbeam, darting acrosB hor soalod eye lids, awoko the ? pretty droamor, who started up in bod, laughing aud blushing at lior vory ill- regulated dreams. ' Hew absurd ! Tlio idea of my dreaming , of that Mr. Macgrogor. ! Woll, I loave Monks wood— ah, dear old Monkswood l-r-to-day j so tlio eccentric author and his nocturnal ramblos ' are likoly to troublo hio.uo morp,' ? CHAPTER XII. ' 1 1: ' 'JHI3 SI'JOIiTj 01' 0IK0I3. Cousin Cyril rode ovor from SpookUayeh in timo fbr breakfast ; thon tho -trio started in , the pony ohaiso for 'Trovanion Park, Sybil driving. ' ' ' ' ' Out along through tho west gn to, Sybil,' Charloy obsorvod; 'Tvosa word to say to Maogrogor.' ' Sybil oboyod. Tho tenant of tho Rotroafc was sfcrofcohod lazily bonouth a big '?branching oak, smoking his ohoroot and ' watolung the vivid azuro of tho July sky as1' soon through tho glistening foliage.- 1Kb long, lean wolf hound lay strotohod out 'bosklo him, and master and dog mado a vory striking' ktblocim sofc in vivid groon. ' I Bay', 'old follow,' Charloy oftllod, ' ' I'vo a lncssago from Sir Rupert Ohudloiglu Ho wants you to dino with him this ovoning, aud givo . liim tlio benefit1 of your views on— lmugod if ,1 don't; forgot' what I I Btrongly rooommendyon tobo punctual, aud givo mo your opinion , of his, old Latour alarot and liia Lafifcto' with tho blaolc soal. , 'And, oh l. Gwcm says you'ro to- fotoh hor a ,batoh;of; Frouolv hovoIb, and ^finish*, teaching hor all-, lours.; Sho'd oomo to 2/ou, ', only Bho's afraid it i wouldn't be strictly proper. My sister, Miss \- Trevnniou-^-Mr. Macgregor. She goes in, nt end, for authors and poets, and all such smal r deer, so I expect you'll be sworn frionds , directly.' , Mr. Macgregor had sprung up, and stood : uncovered before the pretty chatelaine. He ; bowed low at Charley's very free-and-easy ; introduction. 1 'My authorship will have done me itg pleasantest service, if it induces Miss Trevanion to add mo to the list of lifer friends,' bo said, with a smile Sybil liked — bright and clear as the sunshine itself. ' I'll attend to 1 your bohests, Charloy, and Miss Cliudleigh's also. Ah, Colonel Trevanion ! happy to meet you again, I confess,' with a keen ' glance. ' I' should scarcely havo recognised yon, though. You havo changed out of all knowledge since we parted last in Lima,' Colonel Trevanion uttered something not very distinctly, ond. looked away from the piercing black oyes of his tenant. ' Ho had a fover out in— what's tho place, colonel?' and lost his memory altogether. Don'W romomber anything now,' said tho Etonian, with a wink of intense significance. ' Convenient sort of fever to catch, 0I1, 'Macgregor ? Sybil, don't stare bo— it's rudo. 'You'll mako Macgregor blush.' For Sybil was Btaring quito wildly afc tho tonant of tho Retreat. At her brother's remark sho blushed red as a sunset sky, while Mr. Macgregor laughed good-naturedly. ' I resemblo some ono Miss Trovanion has mefc before, perhaps,' ho said, with a glanco from tho splendid dark oyes. that thrilled tho girl strangely. ' I wish you good-morning.' He stood baro- lieadod until tho carriage disappeared, and still Sybil woro that startled face. Suddenly sho turned upon tho colonol. 'Cousin Cyril, do you know you very strongly resemblo that mall?' 'What! Macgrogor? No — surely not.' ' But you do I' excitedly. ' It is that made mo stare so. How very rudo you aro, Charley, to draw attention to it as you did.' ' Not half so rndoasyoursolf,' retorted the Etonian, ' If Macgrogor had been tlio Pig headed Lady, you couldn't linve looked him out of countennnco moro. If you had gazed much longer, ho might havo thought you wero falling in lovo Avith him, and taking liis photo graph in your mind's eye.' 'Nonsense! but tho resemblance — don't you soo it, Charley P' ' 'Can't say I do. Macgregor's much tho bettor-looking man of the .two, if you'll per mit mo to say so, colonol. Both aro black as tbo — dou't look alarmed, Sybil, I won't men tion him — but Colonel Trevanion's general expression of countenanco says ' Go to tho devil!' as plainly as words, whilo Macgregor's rather a pleasant-looking fellow, 011 tho wholo. I hope you don't object to pkin-spenking, my dear Trovnnion ?' turning with charming frankness to fcho Indian officer ; ' it's a way I have.' 'So. I perceive,' answered Colonol Tre vanion, with a frigid face; 'and a most disagreeablo way, I should imagine, your acquaintances find it.' ' And Charloy, liko most othor people who plumo thomsolves upon thoir ' plain spoaking,' will take. . plain speaking from no ono olso,' said, Sybil, in mighty displeasuro. 'Thoso Eton boys havo boeomo a by- word for thoir imperdtienco. - So the tenant of fcho Rotroat visits at Sir Ruport Cliudloigh's P' ' Quite intimato thoro,' rospondod lior brother in nowiso quencliod ; ' and vory. jolly foods tlio old baronot gives. His Lafitfce is nectar for tho. gods, and his Ohambortiu and Maraschino somotiiing to bo dreamed of in one's visions of Paradise. Owen's tho only drawback, with hor flaming dresses, and her loud stylo generally ; but Maogrogor, who is next door to an angol as to tempor, finds oven her ondurablo. And ho. and tho old cook — bog pardon for tho slang, Sybil ; moan' Sir Rupert, of course — nrguo about no end of philosophical and metaphysical things, till all's blue, aud tho baronot loses his temper and gets badly floored. Then they go to ooarto, and Macgregor boats him at that, and thoy part doadly onomios — until next timo.' ' 'Your Maogrogor appears to bo a sort of Admiral Criohton,' said his sistor. Pray, how long has ho boon in thoso parts to strike up such an intimacy with so very exclusive a gentleman as Sir Rupert? Or did thoy know each othor long agol?' ' Novor sot eyos on oaoh othor until about a month ago,' Charloy Baid. 'Macgrogor camo down to Spookhavon : straight from Swabba, whoro, as I told you boforo, I10 had boon pig-sticking and boar-hunting, and writing jolly books. Ho and tho baronot ' mot by chance, tho usual way.' Sir Rupert got hold of his work on Central Africa, and his ' Tour Among Volcanoes' — South Ameri can travols, you know ; got immonsbly dolightod with them, and called upon tho ' 'alontud author' immediately. As for liking him, onco you know him, that's simply a matter of c'ourso. I liko him,' added th-3 Etonian, suporbly ; ',and I can say 110 moro.' ' No,' said Oolonol'Trovanion, with wither ing, saroasm. 'I should, say not. That oomprises ovory thing. U nduo charity toward your spocios is not ono of your weaknesses, I fancy.' ,, . ? ? I ' Charley oyod him askanco.' ' Woaknossos I have none, colonol. F.ools I despise) and knavos I abhoiv And I bdliove ifc is a g'onorally admitted truism that man kind is dividod into theso two classes., :Muc gregor may ha a knavo — I haven't sounded him to his lowest . doptliB yofc ; but ho cer tainly is no fool. Aud . of tho two, I profor the knaves.' ' Thoro was that in tho oasy insolence of tho lad's tono that said, ns plainly as though ho' had spokon, ' A/)d . you bolong to tho fools.' But thoy woro at tho houso by thiB timo, to Sibyl's intenso roliof ; and my lady, who had got wind in' somo way of tho now1 arrival, was at tbo door to roooivo and wolcomo them. , Mrs. Ingram was uowhoro visiblo whon tho family party ontored tlio 1 drawing-room ; bufc ton minutoB later her ailvory voioo was hoard humming a Truviafca atr, and sho camo in through a glass door, ladon with a baskofc of dewy 1'obos. Vory protty sho loolcod, vory youthful, vory frosh, tho bloom, that was not all rougo, at its brightest on hor oval ahaolcH, and tho groat, velvofcy oyes looking longer and darker for tho artful circles aboufc thom, _ s Hor girliflh robo of whito muslin fluttorod in tho light July braozoj pink ribbons and blush rosos lighted hor up, and all fcho rich bluolc haii.' hung loose, half curls, half ripplos, ovor tho baro plump shoulders. Sho lpolcod |liko 0110 of Grouzo's molting ;boautioB stopped on 6 of its frarno. i,,- Sho stood in tho doorway au instant — an oxquisito tableau— with-, hor .rosos and hor ribbons(;glnu6ing'irom qno faoo to tlio othor, \- Cyril Trevanion, sitting talking to Lady ) Lemox, his face partly averted, was the last I she saw. 1 As he turned round and their eyes met, the bright colour faded from tlie rounded cheeks and a dull, leaden whiteness passed from i brow to chin. She stood quito still cold and pale, gazing at him with wild, wide eyes. ' Sweets to (he sweet !' Charlie said, taking \- hor basket of rosos out of her resistless hand, j ' How you do stare, Mrs. Ingram ! You aro almost as bad as Sybil half an hour ago. Is Colonel Trevanion Medusa's head, and is he 1 turning ^ou to stone ? Como, and let me present him. It may break the fatal spell.' He led her forward, still resistless. Some sudden inward panic seemed to palsy every sense. Sybil looked at her in wonder, then suspic iously at her companion ; but tho colonel's impassive face was as impussive as over, his deep-sot eyes expressive of no surpriso, of no ; recognition, of nothing but great and sudden admiration. She had arisen before him bo unexpectedly — sho was so brilliantly pretty, so fair, so sweet — that tin* eyes that had looked calmly enough on Sybil Trevanion's beautiful faco grew all alight with admiration of this irav little vision. Mrs. Ingram drew a long breath, it might' bo of relief, and gave Colonel Trevanion one littlo dimpled palm. Tho colour camo slowly back to hor clieoks, the startled look loft hor eyes. She sat down by Charloy, laughing and chatting in hot gushing, girlish way, and listened to his olf-hund eompliments aud free and-easy lpvo-inakiug with laughing good humor. But nil tho whilo there was a puzzled ex pression in her faco, all tho whilo sho kept up a furtive, ceaseless watch upon Cyril Tre vanion, pausing in .the midst of hor gay re partees to listen whilo ho spoke, to noto hi$ overy movement. Gradually sho turned from Charloy to him, asking adroit questions about India, and Russia, and South America, and receiving tho briefest and least satisfactory of answers. .There was a strange smile curving hor pretty lips, a triumphant glitter in hor oyes, when at length she quitted tlio drawing-room and ascended to her own apartment. ('Z'o he continued.) 