'?- the stqeiz teller THE FACE AT THE WIHDOW. ' You can stop if you like,' said Charlie Wayland, ' but I'm off. It's like a rotten show ; there isn't a turn worth the price of the programme.' ? ' Oh, stay it out now ; you haven't got anything to do to-night. Help me to see ? the thine throuerh.' ' No ; I'm tired, and I' going home.' ' Well, wait for the next turn, ^ayhow. Look here now : ' Madame Restelle, Queen of the Slack Wire' — you must stop for her, you must really. She's coming on now.' Charlie Wayland muttered a protest, and remained in his place. He wished that he had never promised Horsley that 1 ha would oomo to the circus ; he fait that the evening had been wasted. The per formers — human and otherwise — were poor, and dull and dirty. There had been heavy showers of ram in the afternoon, and the tent leaked in many places. The ring was positively muddy, and the clowns seemed to have a difficulty in making (heir jokea penetrate the heavy mist that the bright naphtha lights could not dispel. u Queen of the Slack Wire !' said Charlie petulantly. ' Now why doesn't some enter prising circus proprietor start a novelty ? He has only got to call the performers by simple names and the thing's dono. 'Queen of the Slack Wire!' 'Madame Eostelle !' 1 bet her real name is only plain — Good heavens! It's Bessie ! Bessie !' ' You seem to know the lady ?' ' Don't Bneer, Bob, this is a serious matter. By Jove, I am glad I came here. Bob, that — that girl there — is my sister !' Before his friend had time to recover from his surprise Charlie had jumped, from his seat and had disappeared in the crowd that .stood at the back of the sixpenny seats. He wished to get as near as pos sible to ' Madame Restelle,' the old looking young lady now performing in the ring. Any doubt he might have had as to her identity waa speedily dispelled. ? -* ' Madame Restelle' was Bessie Wayland. As soon as he had satisfied himself on . this point Charlie fought his way back through the people, dived under the shil ling seats, and crawled beneath the canvas of the tents, and out into the damp, foggy night. Two flaring lights hung at the door of one of the caravans. Charlie made his way quickly to this place. Earlier in the even ing this van had been used- as the pay-box to the circus, but now it was closed and apparently deserted. &. group ot cmiaren Were standing in the mud and staring moodily at the gaudy pictures with which the caravan was decorated. Charlie was on the point of appealing to one of these children, when he espied a man — evidently a groom — walking out of the fog towards him. Charlie went forward to meet the ' man. 'Can you tell me which is Madame Restelle's — ?er — caravan ?' He chinked some money in his trousera : pcckflt and waited. ' Is it on business ?' 'Yes — important business. If you won't tell me I shall go to the proprietor and 'insist — r— ' ' Oh, well, there's no harm in your knowin,' I u'pose. There it is — the green ' van with the red wheels. She ain't done 'er turn yet I think — yes, she 'as — there's a light at the winder now. She's finished then.' 'Thanks. Here's a drink for you. Good-night.' He walked, quickly across the field and ascended the steps of the little caravan. Then he puused to listen. A baby's cry broke the silence. It was a feeble asth matical cry, and it. was followed by a fit of coughing. A woman spoke in low, en dearing tones. '*' Charlie knocked again ; he had recognised the women's voice. ' Whe'a there ?' came from fcbe caravaD. ' Open the door, please — Bessie. ' 'Tisn't locked. Come in.' He flinched. Flad she noticed him in the crowd at the circus, that she was thus so prepared to see him ? What would be her attitude? How should he get her away from her present life ? What could ? he say to her ? And then the child cried again, and his thoughts took a different turn. He foresaw that his task would pro bably be hard. He tapped again* turned the handle of the door, and entered. At the end of the caravan was placed a small box lined with ' pieoes of blanket. A baby lay on these, 'Madame Restelle, Queen of the Slaok Wire,' was soothing the child, and did not immediately turn round as Charlie entered. ' Beesie ! Bessie, dear !' She faced him quickly. 'Charlie!' She bowed her head and drew back. He held out bis hand and came towards her, and when she looked up at him he saw that she was crying. Then he went nearer to her, and they met under the small, evil- smelling lamp that huug in the centre of the van. He bent down and kissed her. . ' Oh, Charlio,' she whispered, ' I am thankful and glad to see you again. I thought you were — my — — ' 'Well, dear?' ' My husband.' He started, and she misunderstood the movement. ' Oh, don't shrink away from me, Charlie — don't, please. I've done wrong— I know I have — and I've suffered for ifc — and^shall suffer, I expect. Don't be angry *until you've heard the whole story. I'll tell ifc to you one day, if you like.' ' Yob, Bessie, that's one of the things I've come for. Another thing I've come for is to take you away from this wretched place. How soon can you come ?' ' Never ! Never, Charlie ! You don't understand. But how did you manage to find me 9' 'By a mere accident. Tell me why you won't give up this wretched life and — and come back to us.' 'I must earn my living — and my duty is to myhushand. He may be back at any moment.' ' Is your husband employed at the circus]' 'Er— yes.' 'Then why isn't he here to-night 1' She sighed wearily as she disengaged herself from his arms and sat down. 'I can 'soon explain that,' she said, as drew out a small box that was to serve as a chair far Charlie. ' You'd better begin from the beginning,' he said quickly. ' Then I shall under-, stand everything as we go along.' She waited a few minutes before she spoke again. The she said : ' About two years ago, as you know, I ran away from home. I don't think any body had the slightest idea as to where I had gone to.' He shook his head. 'No. I gathered that much from the papers. Well, I left home to join the company of a travelling circus. I bad Been them perform in ouc town — you didn't know that at the time. I gave out that I had gone to play tennis. I thought it would be beautiful to live in a caravan and go about the country. As I was coming out of the circus I happened to meet one of the performers. He was a very handsome man, and ? ' Her voice broke, and the tears came to her eyes, but she went on : ' I need not go into all that happened. We met again late in the evening and again on the following morning, just as the circus was leavingthe town. Well, the end of it was that in the afternoon of the same day I ran away to the town to which the circus was going, and I met that man again. He is now my husband.' ' But vou haven't told me everything. Bessie. You're not happy, dear. How ia that?' ' I'll tell you the whola story. I was crazy with delight when I found that I could get an engagement — of a kind — at the circus. But that feeling soon passed away. We were married, of course, and then — and then ? ' Again she cried, and, covering her face with her hands, rocked herself to and fro. He waited silently, and presently she con tinued her story. ' Er — it was not a very happy marriage. I was learning my work at the circus, and my husband did not like it because I was slow in picking up all he could tench me. I earned no money then, and— and — I did not please my husband in consequence. Oh, Charlie, must I tell you everything ?' She crossed over to him and knelt at bia feet. ' It will simplify matters, dear, if you do. Come, dear, don't cry. I can nearly guess your Btory. Your dream of a happy, married life was soon dispelled — your hus band probably ill-treated you. Come, dear, finish it— tell mo the rest.' Then she spoke quickly, and without further hesitation. ?''Xou — are nearly right. My husban* lost his situation. ' He had been engaged as a bare -back rider.' 'Drink, I suppose ?' She was silent. - 'Very well, go on.' ' For some time we wandered about from place to place, looking for work. My husband was anxious to get to another circue, and at last we came to (bis one. Then baby was born, and soon afterwards — oh, I can't tell you, I can't. Isn't it enough that I was forced to see that my husband did not love me ? He want from bad to worse, and at last they would not let him perform here. I had been doing my turn for some time, but the pay was never large. ''To come to the end of the story, about a month ago we were going through Char teringham, and my husband fell in with a gang of poachers one morning. He did not tell me much, but other people did. He was tired of me, I think. He left me. I heard that he and the poachers were caught, and were in gaol, but I don't know it it's true. You see it's so difficult to get to know anything, because we are moving about every day.' ? ' When I came in you said that you thought — until you saw me — that it wae your husband who had come in. What made you think that? Did you suppose tha* he had returned ?' ' I though!; it was him because yonr voices are exactly alike ; and, of course, 1 never expected to see you.' ' But you did expect to see him V ' I may, perhaps, one day.' ' And if you did yoa wouldn't be pleased to see him, eh ? I notice that you didn't turn round immediately I came in.' She looked up at him, and drew him to wards her. V You don't know how I love him,' she said simply. ' Sometimes I've tried not to, or at least not to let him see it, but it's no use. To-night I thought I wouldn't let him see that I cared whether he came or not — and it wasn't him.' She smiled as she said this. Their plans were soon made. Bessie would remain with the circus for at least another fortnight, and at the end of that time a hom9 would be found for her. Meanwhile the neighbourhood of Charter ingbam was to be searched. The missing husband was to be found, and eventually reformed. Bessie cried wibh joy at the DrosDect of their approaching reunion. 'You will do your best, dear, won't you ?' she said. ' Here's his photo ; you will be able to recognise Jiim from that. And you'll let me know at once, dear, if — if you hear anything of him — anything, you know — never mind what.' 'Isn't he attached at all to his son?' said Charlie, as he crossed over to the sleeping child. ' It's a little girl,' said Bessie, smiling. 'Poor little mite, she's very ill, Charlie. You don'fc know how the poor little darling suffers.' He noticed that she had not answered his question relative to the father's affection for his daughter. 'Don't you think,' he said, 'that baby would get on better if she lived in a house instead of a caravan ?' ' What ! Away from me ! Ob, Charlie, please, please don't take her away.' ' There, there, you shall keep her. She's like you.' He bent down and kissed the child, Then ha kissad his sister good night, and left the caravan. A week had gone by. Charlie's investi gations in the neighborhood of Chartering ham had resulted in a few discoveries, and a somewhat unfortunate occurrence. By the aid of some local policemen and a few gamekeepers Charlie had found that the country for 15 miles around Charteringham had recently been visited by an expert gang of poachers. Three important burglaries of an unusually daring nature had also been committed. No arrests had been made, and the police had not yet found a clue to work upon. The poachers had also escaped detection, and Charlie was delighted to hear this. There was just a chance that he would be able to find and rescue his brother-in-law, whose real name waa Charles Restall. The pro prietor of the circus had altered ' Restall' to ' Restelle' for business purposes. The unfortunate occurrence referred to was a little love affair. On the very first day of the search Charlie had made the mistake of falling completely in love with the daughter of the head gamekeeper on the Browby estates. Ho was probably almost unaware of the fact at the time. Its immediate effect on him was to convince him that Browby was the place in which he ought to pursue his search for Charles Restall. He remained in Browby for a week, and he ha-3 the misfortune to meet the 'head gamekeeper several times at places within a stone's throw of that worthy man's cottage. The head gamekeeper grew suspicious. . ...... Another week passed, and Charles Restall was not yet found. Charlie blill found it necessary to conduct his inquiries in the neighbourhood of Browby. His hobby was botany, and he had obtained permission from Lord Browby's steward to make excursions into the Browby woods for scientific purposes. Armed with this per mission he was able to go where he wished to ; but on Several occasions he found him self walking towards the head gamekeeper's cottage, in order to inquire the shortest way to certain places in the woods. Some times the head gamekeeper was out, and then Charlie would put hi3 questions to Isabel Thornhill, the keeper's daughter. He wrote to his sister every day and re ceived some letters from her. They all said the same thing : 'Bring my husband back to me. My girl is dying. Bring him before it is too late.' To these letters Charlie always replied as hopefully as circumstances would permit. He did not consider if necessary to tell his sister that the one topic of conversation among the keepers on the Browby estates was the probable capture of a band of reckless poachers, who until now had worked regularly and without fear of being caught. He wished to make his letters bright and cheerful, and he wrote at some length about his own doings and his new acquaintance. At first his sister was vexed when she received these letters. Ifc was possible for anyone who chose to read between the lines ' to see that Charlie was neglecting his real mission — to find Charles Restall — in order to fall in love with Isabel Thornhill. But hiB sister soon learned to rejoice secretly at his brother's love affair. She had had trouble; she had deserved it. He had no right to efface himself for her good. A feeling of resignation came to her j she grew accustomed to receive letters about Isabel Thornhill and not about her hus band. / She smiled to herself as she read these letters, and resolved that she would do nothing to cloud the happiness of the writer of them. So it was that, when one day, ' owing1 to indisposition.' as the ringmaster nut it. Madame Bastelle did not perform, she was careful to avoid mentioning the fact to her brother. It was true that Madame Res» telle was indisposed, but it was only half' true, for it was on that afternoon that the Queen of the Slack Wire left her caravan and followed the body of her dead baby to its grave. Another week went by, and still Charles Restall was not found. All the local papers and most of the London dailies continued a judiciously worded advertisement in their agony columns addressed to him, but aa yet these had met with not responBo. The excitement among the natives, of Browby occasioned by the presence of expert poachers and burglars in their midst was increased as each day went by and no arrests were made. Charlie considered that he had a double motive for assisting in dis covering the whereabouts of the poachers. Through them he would possibly be able ?o trace his brother-in-law, and at the same time he would be pleasing the head game keeper. In this latter surmise Charlie was entirely wrong. The head gamekeeper wished to have the task of capturing the new gang of poachers left entirely to him self; Ono evening, as Charlie was walking softly through a copse at the back of the keeper's cottage, he was startled at hearing a sudden sneezing. It was immediately followed by a hurried whispering, in which he could only catch an occasional word : ' Fool — snuff. Kaep it ? . . - done — here to-nlghl-.' His first impulse on hearing this was to run away as quickly as possible ; but he checked himself and remained motionless. Then, to his horror, the words of the next speaker became more distinct. The men were coming slowly towards the very spot on which ho was standing ! He had no * time to consider his best course of action j the mon were almost upon him. Quickly and noiselessly he crept behind a small bush and lay down. In another moment the two men camo up to him, and ono of them kicked against his leg in passing. Charlie doubled hia fists — they were hia only weapons — and hold himself ready to spring up. But the men had passed on in a moment; Cbarlio had not boen discovered. He listened intently to all- they said, but was unable to hear more than a few sentences, as the men were walking quickly. Those few sen tences, however, were those that he had for many days wished to hear. As soon as the men had gone Charlie crept cautiously from hie hiding-place, and, getting to open country, ran at his top speed to the head gamekeeper's cottage. He found Thoruhill at his garden gate ; he was just about to go on his evening round. Charlie quickly related all he had heard. The poachers — or, at any rate, the two whose conversation he had overheard — were going to work that night in the neighbour hood of a certain place in the woods known as the ' Double Ssile.' (It deriv ed its name from the fact that a former owner h«d once erected th8re a stile*bf his own designing and of a curious shape.) Thornhill — the head gamekeeper — was not inclined to believe Charlie's otory. Possibly he did not want to believe it. ' Look you here, young man,' he said. ' I've had enough of you hanging about my cottage. I know what you come for, and I tell you it's no use. You'd best give it up and go back from where you come from,' and if you think you're goin' to get me over to ' Double Stile ' to-night while you come danglin' round outside' my daughter's window you're mistaken! That's all I've got to say to yon, and good-night.' He picked up his gun and was soon out of sight. Charlie retraced his steps, and meditated over what he had heard. Should he go to ? ' Double Stile ' himself, and risk the chances of a possible conflict with poachers, a conflict in wbich he knew he had no chance of succeeding ? Should he go to any other of the keepers and give them the warning? H« at once negatived this question, for the simple reason that all the keepers on duty would be out, and, therefore, inaccessible. After much thought he at length decided to go to ' Double Stile' himself, and risk the consequences. Having made up his .mind on this point he walked slowly along the road, for it was still early in the night, and smoked a cigarette. He had no wish to' make his 'way through the woods to 'Double Stile ' until it was absolutely necessary that he should leave the high road. Ha knew the exact spot at which he would have to enter the woods. ?..::. He sauntered slowly along, and tried .itoiihlnk of anything else hut the work in hand, for in truth the nearer he got to ???# Doable Stile ' the less firm became his -Jilesolution to go there. The night was ' black and forbidding ; he was alone and unarmed, : It had occurred to him that by reaching ?iithe place eariy in the evening he might possibly be able to prevent a disturbance. He pictured to himself the delight of being able to write to his sister that her husband was a free man and on his way to meet her. Charlie bad determined on a recon ciliation and a reformation, but he had dnly the vaguest idea of how he was to 7 effect this happy result. When he reached the spot at which he had to leave the high road and enter the woods, he threw away his oigarette, buttoned his coat, and grasped firmly a stout ash stick that he had out during his walk. He walked quietly along a narrow path in .: the midst or a thickly wooded copse. At the end of this path there was a stump of a tree. He sat down on this and waited, for he was now within fifty yards of 'Double Stile.' The night was still ; he was able to hear his watch ticking, and he thought that his heart-beats were keeping time with it. He was in too feverish a mood to be able to sit still long, and he was about to rise and resume his walk, when he heard a slight rustle in the bushes behind him. He turned quickly, but not before two hands : had been placed over his eyes ! For a moment ho remained motionless, and then he tried to release himself. Again he stopped. He had suddenly realised the fact that the hands over his eyes were soft and slender; they were undoubtedly the hands of a woman i He leaped up with a bound, clutched the two hands in his, and dragged the woman c towards him. It was Isabel Thornhill. Their recognition of eaoh other was simultaneous. ' You here ' he whispered. ' You !' ' Yes — yes — I thought ? ' She was gasping in terror at the sudden turn of events. , 'Who is it you have come to see ?' he asked quickly. ' ' Tell me how — at~~once ' But ho did not finish his sentence. A man's fist was dashed in his face, and a man's voice said — 'You suulkisg hound, be off! I thought this was your little game. Now go, at once! Do you hear ? Go, or you'll be sorry you stopped !' It was Thornhill, Isabel's father, who was speaking, but Charlie, dazed by the bloWj did not recognise the voice. He rushed at his assailant, and the two men closed. But it was only for a moment, there was another rustling in the bushes behind them, and a man sprang out to separate them. He grasped Charlie by the collar, swung him loose from Thorn bill's grip, and threw him, stunned nod bleeding, on the soft turf, where he lav motionless. Then the stranger turned his attention to Thornhill, but this time he used no force. He placed one arm round Thornnill's waist, and steadied him. Then he assured him quietly that his daughter was quite safe, and that his antagonist was at the present moment senseless. If he had re versed' the statement it would have been equally true, since Miss Isabel Thornhill had fainted away as soon as her father had appeared on the scene. She quickly re covered, however, and walked slowly away with her father and the mysterious stranger. Charlie still lay exactly as he fell. He had struck his head against the stump of a tree, and blood was oozing from the wound. Thornhill, bis daughter, and the strangor walked back to the cottage. When Thorn hill had recovered from the effects of what he persisted in calling his ' attack,' he asked the stranger for his name,_that he might give it to Lord Browby's stewaad. ' I don'b know your face,'' said Thorn hill, ' but it's a good 'un, I know that. You be a stranger in these parts, eh, sir 1' ' Well — er — yes, I am snd I'm not.' ?' Well, sir, onca more, thank you very much. You just caught that chap proper. My word ! didn't he go down ! You don'b think we ought to send the doctor down to 'im, do ye ?' ' Oh, no ; he'll be all right in the morn ing I should say. It won't; do him any harm to stay there for a few hours.' ' But, if you'll excuse my askin', sir, how come you to be there at this time o* night ?' 'Well, the fact is I'm doin' a little private detective business on my own ac count. What with all these poachers and burglars,, I thought I'd see if I get. a little bit of excitement by catching one of 'em — just for the fun of the thing, you know.' ' Well, I hope you aren't hurt, sir, that's all.' . - . _ 'Oh, no, thanko. I'm all right.' During the walk Isabel Thornhill had been silent/ escept when Bhe eohoed^-her father's thanks to their deliverer. As they neared the gate, Thornhill turned to his daughter and said : ' Now, look here, my girl, I hope as how this'll be a warning to you not to go out these walks by yourself in the evenin's. It ain't right, is it, Mr. — er — Mr. ? ' 'Renford.' ' Ah, to be sure, Mr. Renford. It ain't right, is it V ' Certainly not.' ?? , - ; . ' She will do it, you know. I'm sure she knows the place better'nl do, and she's always agoin' by these lonely walks, in the evenin's. I tell 'er she ought to wait until she's got a young man to look after her, eh ? Ha, ba ! Eh, Mr.— er ? V ' Renford.' ' Beg your pardon, Mr. Renford. What do you say now ?' ' I say that if that's the case she needn't wait any longer. I'm a young man, and waiting, willing, and wishing with all my heart to be tha youag man. What do you say now V 'Say? Why, we've never seen you afore to-night.' 'Excuse me, sir, but your father has. The fact is I've been staying in the neigh bourhood for some weeks past, and we mot accidentally one day and — well — all's fair in. love and w&v; you know, sir.' 'Well, well! I don't know— I don't know. Come inside, sir, anyhow, and we'll think about it.' They entered to cottage, and ifc was soon evident that Thornhill desired to be left alone. Isabel and Mr. Reoford made no objection to this arrangement. ' Hasn't everything turned out well ?' said Renford as soon as they were alone. 'Things couldn't have gone better if I'd ? ' The door was opened quickly, and Thorn hill appeared. ' There's just one thing I don't under stand quite,'! he said. 'P'raps you'll ex plain—Miss Isabel— how you came to be there with another chap— eh V 'I thought— it was quite dark, you know — thought it was— er — Charlie.' 'Charlie —oh ! Charlie ! Ho ! ho ! ho I' They heard the old man chuckling to himself for some time after that, and occasionally he would stop in his work at cleaning a gun and mutter, 'Charlie! Ha! ha I Charlie indeed !' And Mr. Renford and Isabel were in correspondingly good humor. They laid plans for the future and agreed as to the exact place at which they would spend their honeymoon. 'Are you a believer in omens?' he asked. . ' Sometimes — why ?' ' Why, because you did not notice that it was a beastly dark night an hour or two ago, and now there's a bright moon. You see that ray of light there — that's from the moon.' ' Or from father's lantern outside.' 'No, no, it's the moon. See!' He crossed over the room, caught hold of the blind and held it high above bis head. Then with a yell of dismay he let the blind go crashing back into its place. For in that brief moment, while the blind had been raised, he had seen a face at the win dow ! Ib was the face of a woman, and the woman was ' Madame Restelle, Queen of the Slack Wire !' He staggered back into the room, picked up his hat, and turned the handle of the door. But long before he reached the door Isabel Thornhill had fainted at seeing what she imagined to be a ghost. Had she not been unconscious ehe might have heard a woman scream ; and had she heen look ing out of the window she would have seen a woman fall on the flagstone beneath the window. Thornhill came running in fromJiis little room at the back of the- cottage. He found his daughter lying senseless on the floor, and he did not find Mr. Charles Renford. He ran to the kitchen for some cold water, but before he could return to the room ho was overtaken by a man and woman. They entered the house without asking for per mission, and walked quickly into the room in which Isabel Thornhill lay senseless. ' What are you doing here ?' shouted Thornhil. The two lovers Bat in a darkened room,and now the blind wasdownit was impossible for Thornhill to see that the man in the room was none other than the man whom he had left lying senseless by the tree stump at the Double Stile. The woman — Madame Res telle— drew up the blind, and the faces of the newcomers were revealed in the white moonlight. ' You here !' shouted Thornhill, with an oath. ' How dare you come here after the way in which ? ' 'Wait a minute, sir, please, and first attend to your: daughter. Afterwards, if you'll allow me, I'll explain.' And Charlie Wayland did explain, and so did the remainder of the company. It seems that ' Madame Restelle ' having through the death of her child, no other motive lor remaining in the circus, had left to join her brother at Browby. She did not give him notice of her coming, and when she arrived and found that he had gone out, she at once came to the con clusion, as a result of his many letters to her about Isabel Thornhill, that it was at Mr. Thornhill's cottage that he was spend ing the evening. She arrived soon after ' Charles Ren ford ' had entered the cottage with Isabel and her father. She had waited outside the window, and bad imagined, from the similarity in the voices of the two men, that it was her brother who was Isabel's' sweetheart. It was not until ' Charles Renford ' had raised the blind that she was able to recognise her husband. As for Charlie Wayland, his explanation was soon delivered. On ooming to his senses he had walked slowly towards Mr. Thornhill'B cottage, and on his arrival there found his sister lying fainting off the stones beneath the window. There were other explanations to follow. That between Mr. Thornhill and Charlie was soon given. Some days elapsed, however, before another explanation was arrived at — that between Charlie and Isabel — but it was none the less satisfactory because of the delay. ' Charles Renford ' has never been seen by his. relatives since he left Mr.vThorn hills's cottage, and 'Madame Restelje,' acting on- the advice of brother and sister in-law, whom she loves very, ; dearly, has never again attempted to look for him. The expert gang of poachers on the Browby estate is also reported to be missing. 