Chips and Splinters li.™1^1?'' ma™h ?omm9nooa at Notting. Thursday'''1 ^^ ?»-» Australia 5n Arth Di^i°I Ppnnsnghthas opened tht Article Club Exhibition in London. B'tma! ttat's another name for Legislative Oo'Sn! IT,&3'll'?iilJ' b8 .fonBa 8«dar iThtyi.d?u6lly that *he tJnion Company, which by the way has just paid a 6 per Vent North Lyell when she arrives. A servant girl, very highly thought ef by her employers in Launoeeton, has been ven much annoyed of late because she could not burn tbe house down. She made several attempto, but failed, and now she ia?n B place where there ia not too much inflam. mable material about. Hon. Adye Douglas 86 not ont on Wednes day, and going strong for the oentury. Member of Parliament Who : ?' Do von suppose anyone would find out if I dyed my keMep1tdar#et! ' *° *?*'? ''? « »-' Mr. Ballot Beaopre, President of the gout of Cassation, says he is convinced that Major Esterhrusy is tbe author of the bo' deraau on whioh Dreyfus was convicted. Naturally there was a great sensation when thie statement waB made. Dreyfus ac quitted. . The Onion 8.S. Co.'a unlucky letter must beT. Tararaa.T.iroa.Taupo. Tauranga Triumph, and Tekapo. ' ' The Premier's country tour has been a de. oided frost The people so far have adopted a Yes-no attitude, whioh naturally puislea so straight forward a politician a O. H. Reid — Wokkee. Bntohers ! You can buy ' Marvel Sauiase Seasoning ' ready mixed.* The precious, so-oallcd 'dual' referen dum—a referendum under whioh 600000 electors may eay Yes, and 6JK000 may 'say No, and the Noes have it.— Bt. B. Hfegini M.t\\(Vio, on the difficulty of amending me vAjuu'iiuHon unuer we secret Ooa» ferenoe Bill. We're against the Bill beoanae if th« people don't like it they oan't alter it. II six states join, four must agree before a letterof the bill oan be touohed.— Worker. 'Set for me the hardest task in order that I may prove my love,' he implored. 'Raise whiskers,' she promptly but earnestly replied. Wherever there are in any oountry uncnl* tivated lands and unemployed poor, it ia dear that the laws of property have been so far extended as to violate natural right,— Jeffebbon. 'The Railway Department is rotUn to the core, and the service is worked by spies.'— William Hartnoll. There's trouble brewing for you, William, when the mana ger gets his Baok up. ' Glasgow ' Blacking has the largest sale in Tasmania. O.ualitv tolls !* ' In the interests of Christianity,' and to raise money for his missionary work, the Rev. Cyrus Esoombe, a travelling American evangelist, participated in three prize-fights recently, of two, four, and seven rounds re spectively. In etoh he was victorious, and with every viotory he saved, or thinks he saved, a soul. The Spaniards have invented a new name for America, and they now head paragraphs in their papers ' Yanquilandia.' The Dona are not taking tea with John Bull either. The latest statute to be added to tbe Launoeston Council's bye-laws is one re strioting ohildren of a certain age from trotting about the streets at night. More work for the weary Robert. Considering the filthy origin of much of the aristooraoy the taunt of the birth taint comes with a singularly ill grace from the newlr-imporled chief parasite.— Babbieb Tbuth (N.8.W.). He who is easily satisfied with his work will never achieve anything great.— Goothe. The trouble with most self-made men is that they know how to make money bettor than they know how to make a man.— Pock. It is a poor consolation to the girl who has been stung by a bee to know that bees are partial to sweet things. Butchers ! ' Marvel Sausage Seasoning ' is delioious and appetising. All butchers nse Hi.* Poppin (just 'returned from America) t When 1 was in New York I stopped at the beBt hotel. Budley : Rather costly, wasn't it P Poppin : No ; I only stopped to ad mire it. Pete : Jim, do yen know the height of impudence P Jim: I don't know the in terpretation of the word impudence. Pete : Well, it in taking shelter in an umbrella shopfduring a shower. I am oalled a dreamer. Well, I would rather dream of a ritrhteoue social evstem than aoqueise in the cruelty and injustice of to-day.— Debs. All the pretty girls use Marvel Borax Soap for their complexion.* To every one Chinese laundry in Sydney there ara eight in Melbourne. All the associated tradeB of Broken Hill (N.S.W.) are agitating against unnecessary work being carried on at the mines. . The mine managers are promising to in future distourage Sabbath breaking. Vice in Manila is more dangerous to the American soldiery than are the bullets of the Filpiponos. The Amerioan saloon has just started up everywhere and the social evil is said to be rampant. It will require the utmoBt nerve on the part of command ing generals to keep their men from harm in the faoe of suoh danger. There is noth ing in a hot olimate that mows nnaocli mated men down like w. and w.— TulaRE Reoistek. Jones propounded the following conun drum at his club ; 'If I stand on my head the blood rushes to my bead; why then, when I stand on my feet, does the blood not rush to my foetP' Some one answered ' Because your feet are not empty.' 'The Tribune is still able to fire a re volver '— Signor Criepi in the Italian Chamber of Deputies. Seems like old times, and the ghost of Garabaldi asks 'Do you want me P' Melbourne domestio| tragedy boom still continues. A young woman named Mrs. O'Neill found with her throat cut. Hus band arrested, says .the missus fell over a broken teapot. Swimming in a 160yd handicap last month in London, the Australian, Jaok Hellings, covered the distanoe from Htttch in 2m 17s and won, 