BRIAGOLONG. (PROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT). 9th June, The alternative scheme of Mr Van de Velde is very much like the alterna. tive of the cook to the fowl who was to choose whether to be boiled or roasted. The adversaries of our augar beet industry who know: the dangers of swapping horses in midestream will rejoice, The collar is easily taken off, but not so easily put on again. The season promises to be a most favorable one for beet and even if the proposed trials ore a success, the ghost of the past dry seasons may still intimidate our farmers. Lot of money was spent buying tools and implements that will lie idle and rust. Alternative crops., as Mr W. M'Lean pointed out are not lhkely to pay this year and tie fact that farmers' mistakes were far less important than the ineffliciency of the factory will .nnt he forgotten. The first year it wis not ready it time toe the beet, and this last season was fiddling with molasses when the beet was at 18 and 20 per cent saccharine. I was reading last night the returns of one of our growers. Up to the 7th April the beet had yielded from 18 to 20 per eant. saccharine, After tile rains the return fell to 7 for one week and recovering only to 10 per cent in the end. The Government should have taken the whole thaing in its hands or grant the bonus suggested by Mr Landy, 10i per ton minimum. It wias low enough, hardly living wage. I would have suggested 20s-to en courage the growers of beet uponi which the industry depends. To abandon such an important industry on the horns of a murderous dileimma at such a ostage for a paliry £18,000 (if really tO18,000 is needed) is a crying shame, when Queensland, a freetroad colony, has helped its sugar ilnustry to the tune of £,175,000, or close upuni half-a- million sterling including in tereLat. Thins was the year to p'ersiIver -o01 ever, and I still hope Parlia mllet, whenI it monita noxt weekR; cwill see the mistake. l'h dearthlen of em. ploymnlnt is growillg daily, land if Iread rolas were to ocolur for want of eiaaploymeont-volunleers mllay nlt he in easy found to lire low ait their stal'viaag brothlers is they woulail at tli Rlusilans, Emliploymlellnt iaiiy hei given to spend our molney. Emlployment Ilalt., will ptroduce, it is far niore inmportlint and eshould not hai lighlly abanlldoned. Our trot sugar industry is rutlliig coni itor to l hivIe of vested interelas sahiewd aidil powrfclully sure to Comlpneas its ruill, by any imelln1s, if lot. Aniother littlh help fromn the? Governmeniit imay hoeve tided uas over to an era of success and11 prospolily, anlld should be given evenci if thet clhances of ulinmate success were tenl times less than they are. What is neededa fromn thae State will Pnever tbe coulillsuraa LLLto wilth the sacrilice our farmliers htave indaile. Thle contrast between their pluck and, to say thie leesi, the lintiidily of the Goverlinenl t should brling Ihe Iillih ti unity ilcOthnltlielt. oli iciuhnB especildly if wte constider the State has. the'adv'nlthi'r tf bring ablo to recoup' by teriffnry I ss incurred. Blunders were made id field and factory insepar=: able fron all now enterpriser, but nowr .re irrentedinatli. Ilet root industry alouldtl Ito Ilttde Slate concorn, nded m?lans begiven to oarl y ou this promis ng season. 