(To THE EDITOR OF THE COWBA GUARDIAN) SIB,—The Rev. W. J. Walker is evidently overcome with the magnitude of bis selfimposed task. It would be alike tiresome and; unprofitable to pass the drivel, he is delighted to call argument, under review. He. appears to have discovered—no doubt with, bile aid of the allied forces—what type of man, I am. The result probably interests the general publio ae little as it affects myself. He and hia " snufflebusters" have itarned,. however, that their oyer- weening uesire to. convert a public institution like the Honpital into, a " Little Bethel" does not meet with the sympathy of a large number of subscribers. The Rev. W., JL Walker objects to the term " Bethel," apd proceeds to. give as a definition of the- word. Are . not Messrs. Taylor,. Howard, and Mawby dissenters ? Are they ashamed; of the term ? I did not invent it. They went to sing with the little children. A&tbey; did precisely what is done in; "•Bethels*' how is my argument affected by the Rev. W.J„ Walker's literary spasm ? Rev. W. ,1s. Walkeu uttered a •wilful lie wtyon he said I oc in plained that the late Mr. O'Lpughiin. objected to the psalm-, singing on the 29th ult. That lie the Rev. W t J. VValker has not retracted.. Such a m&iicions.; slander, no-doubt, will come home like-chicken's to roost. That lie is,the. Rev. W. J. Walker's, ghott. at which be baa barked. Any Gttholicsub&t; hftYe subscribed, to, th& a T a c e t r c e i Hospital have done so with a view bf aiding those seeking relief within Its walls. Ii was never intended to oreate a depot for the training of loaal preachers orpa&lm-grinders.; This is beyond the Rev. W. J. Walker's "power to understand." The same unsophisticated reply was make by one of Dr. Johnson's pupils. To the Rev. W. J. Walker ] may be permitted to give the good old Doctof'a ret art, " Sir, I can give you reasons, but I cannot give understanding." Hia un-'*shrivelled" soul was surcharged with knowledge and consequently was unabU ta exercise the power of discriminating between, truth and falsehood. Peth&pa; hia " uMerstafldiag" i» hereby assisted. When titue Rev. W. J. Walker says I am trying to, back out of saying that he was speaking of music in general and net of any denomination! in. particular," he uttera another lie. I have not said any such thing. Another of ttfce Rev. W. J. Walker's ghost*. I said that the late Mr* Othoitghlin objcctc to tinging on some previous occasion. This wa», I was told, droned out by tm gentlemen. 1 hop£ the Rev. W. J. Walker will take note of this. This was not my. objection, but that of the late Mr. CLoughlin. At the committee meeting I strongly denounced the action of Mr. Taylor as a committee-man for taking a choir to. sing religious hymns and psalms. I snid then and still maintain, that Mr. Taylor's conduct was reprehensible. Instead of offering some excuse he attempted to justify his action What were all the other members of the committee doing that they did not point out that Mr. Taylor's action was praiseworthy and not in contravention of the rules. Ou the contrary the President pointed out that 8u.ch people as th,e pealtn,-stnge$s" were governed by the rules,relating ta Visitors. The matter will no doubt be effectually settled by a reference to, to the. Government. It is scarcely feasible that a secular Government will subsidise an institution as a recruiting ground for religious fanatias. Until a certain underground engineer from a rustic village, camft to, town thpre was.no, , trouble at the Hospital. Not daring to show his own band he munt use other instruments He will do well to be cautious. As for carrying, tbp matter into, the-public prsas, my letter showing the reasonableness of my contentious, asked the questions, " What would the Directors of the Bank of New South Walps say if Sir. Taylor used their premises to sing ' good 'ims! to their customers? Or what would the Minister for Education say if' Mr. Howard; were to bring the Wesleyan Sunday School Choir to, sing to, the children at the Public School ?" Surely, Messrs. Taylor and Howard if they fait aggrieved, could; ha.T;e answered for themselves. Rev. W. Ji. W.dkei's name was not men tioped either at the meeting-or in my letter. They chos^, for reasons, best known to themselves, to remain, .silent as to,their action at the HjospitaL Unlike the Rev. W. J. Walker, I think the correspondence has done and will, continue to. do a con&idesable; amount of good. "It has showix clearly W^aA some parties of, very questionable antecedents and other " snufflpbucters" would do if allowed to carry out thpir sweet will? as to the " bright attractive muaic-" History tells, us that the best of orthodoxy in the days of the. famine in Ireland was the drinking of a basin of '-'soup!' on Friday. The Cowra " Apottlea" would substifcnte "bright attractive music"' in, the fprm of Wesleyan Hymns, &c.;, in. whiph Catholio patients could' join. 1st Dec., 1899: P. J-. DORAN, 