MUNICIPAL NEWS. St. Kilda City Council. Monday, August 7. Preeent tlto Major (Cr. Kemp), and Crs. U'Duituull, Jauoby, Alltn, Stedtfurd. Ouuuibure, and Sir George Turner. OOBBEBFvKOErTCE. From the Acting Tovrn Olerk, Pruliruu, rcqut-eting particulnrs of tbe Council's arrangf-menta with re-, gard to ngulatiDg hawking. Town Oi»rk to mpply the iuformHtion. From the Hod. Secretary Koyal Yaoht Club requesting the Council to lease toita [mrtiou ol tlto rccluitneJ land at the pier, lief erred to the Public. Works Committee. From W. H. Allard. re the under, ground drainage in Iaherman and Alexandra streets, and complaining that it was anything but Batiffnc tory. ltoferred to the Public Works Oommittee to report. From W. Itiukards, cum[ilaiuing that the residents in Carlisle-street were beiDg churged iUf. til. per tiee for tree planting, whereas the red of the uitizcnB who had encouraged tree planting were only charged 12b. 6d. Or. Cunniiiure snid (hat he had only paid rit. dd. for tree planting on the BrighU.u-road, and uleu 12s. 6d. for plituuug in UcuLin-ttvenue Se could not uudiretaud tho chargei. being lncroaeod, aa the tieos only cost Is. to Is. 6d. fticli, and carpeu. tore were plentiful enough to make the tree guards. Or. Sir Gourgo Turner said that he was inclinod tu move an amend ment that the planting bo gone on with at a cost of 10a. 6d. each to the ratepayers. (Laughter.) Or. Stedeford moved that the trees be planted, and that tho cuBt be reduced to 1 2s. 6d. if possible. The Surveyor must have had something special in his mind when he in formed the ratepayers that the cost could be i 7b. 6d. At any rate he, Or. Stedeford, could not toe what harm would be done by following the course lie suggested. Cr. 0'Donnell said that he for one desired it to bft clearly understood that the work done must be paid for, whatever its cost. Cr. Steieford's suggestion was adopted. From the Hon. Secrolsry, lioae of Denmark Brass Band, asking for the permission of the Cuuucil to play uuon ihe Esplanade on Hos pital Sunday, and also for the Coun cil's patronuge. Granted. From O. Oouole, re the condition of the tootpatliB in Loch-street. Cr. Oonnibere aaid that this was one of the works that had been agreed upon. On the motion of Cr. Stede ford, seconded by Or Jttcoby, it was decided to have the repairs made at a cost of about £15. From M.. Byrne, re the diversion of drainage at Elwood. The Town Clerk, in the absence of tbe Sur veyor, explained that eotue men had thrown one of the heavy drain valves into the canal, and the consequence was, that tbe drainage from the Glen Huntly-road bridge went into the canal instead of into a side drain. Sinoe the receipt of the letter, the fault had been remedied. Bsceived. From M. A. Bennet, re the state of the footpath in Punt-road in tbe front of Nos. 19, L'O and 23. Re ferred to Public Works Cummitico. From Mrs. Moran, asking to re gister 231 High-street, St. Hilda, as a factory. Heferred to the Sur veyor. From H. Evans, complaining of tbe conduct of young men in Chapel, street. The Mayor said that tho result of the deputation to the Chief Oommiseioner was that a plaiu clothes constable was to be available when requisitioned. This was a spot where a plain clothes constable might be U60ful, and he would move that the letter be referred to the Sergeant of Police. Carried. HEPOKTS. The Public Works Committee's Report, on the motion of Cr. Jacoby, seconded by Cr. Sir George Turner was received l Section I.— Recommending payment » the tollowing nccounUi: Labor, General ? £23 7 2 „ Rci«irstoBlrec!8 ... G 12 0 , Roller ? -- '6 » „ Stonebre-kiru ... 3D 4 * Ch«untl« ? 54 0 0 . Garden. ? 15 8 0 Ju. Manhall, cartage, con tract 1121 ? 22 l0 5 P Druoiny, hire of bont, Sec. E. A. Stewart, repitimicmiicr 0 12 6 meler ? Flatronn and Bon, cement ... 1 II 6 G. Blow, cr.vcring tip, con- 1 14 0 trad. 1429 ? R. M. Evcrill, ii»in-inK 0 U 0 lamps, contract 1 1. JO ... 4 10 0 Ii. M. Kfcriti, paintiDp, cap pine fences, coolraot H34 7 0 0 Rumpf. Bros., supply ol spalU, contract 1427 ? 36 0 0 Jas. MaiBhall, metal cartage, contract H2S ? 5 0 0 G. Slow, removal refuw, con tract 1422 ? 21 12 0 Metropolitan Gas Co., light ing streets ? 143 16 6 Melropolimn Gut Co., light* ' ing hall, to: ? ;_ Hi 13 0 Williams ftnrl Co., sanitnrv, contract ISS2 ? I2S 12 0 W.GTiffiiba,aerv!oe-, fireman 2 IB 0 \\. Ulalr, s«iBlnnce cleansing hall ? 1 10 0 Wm. ArmMroniT} woodwork organ ;? ? 17 0 Clerical ABtinlnnce ? 4 0 0 Oily Treasurer, imarnge ... 6 13 S A. Atlklns, oiimmlssi'in dog fees ? 7 10 0 Arnall it Jaokton, stationery, &c; ? - ... « 14 6 Colonial Mnlual Fire Insur ance, rensral premium 17 0 Colonial Mutual Fire Insar anoe, eitia, premium- ... 2 0 0 F. D. Treaty, BearoheB for liti™ ? 4 14 0 Towu Clerk, potty cash ... 8 9 1 £678 1 9 Section 2.— Recommending with refer, encnto Icitur from Defuaoc Department as to fiondiiiK of the Klwood KiSe Ban^e, that It be «d instruction to the City Snr reyor to mku levels sn make an estimate of the Oft of construclinR an outlet drain. Btction 3.— Rccommendinfj with regard Io letter from Ihe Metropolitan Board of \Voik». re fixinit a Meter at Engine and Dog Home, Hatket uVserrc, that the City Surrejor belostmcted to prepare nn e&li-; ranto of the quantity of watiT UBtd and report to next meeting nf the Works Com mittee. S.ciion 4.— Thut Mwaw. l'.-al) dy it On., nf Svrltmy. he tfaankeil fur He in'o m . lion tupplieci with rcfcicticc in the tii'iilnu'iit of ttoiist: pnrb'gri1, mid inffir-rncd rri.-tt Ini' L!..u»cillllp-,at'n! is n-.T ]., n |i.Mii.M to eon id. t ilie miller. S.-ct on n.— Kecomm ? 1 ?nj ii.m Mr.. H. Wils.,ii, nf N.i. ft I.ik. i ni n .nut Ic neriiiiiicil to cn-ct ? linn ... r i on v,.i,t,.|ali of Iilt |.r. mtVe«, tin; wtirt !?» - ,- cn.ricd tint .tu.lcr tlicsu|K.M»i«i..n «liin- Uiij .S.nv.jw. Section 6— n-ontnn'i'-n line ili.it the MclruDOlitnD B...4 .,1 \V,,.Vh I,.; ra|,nli,:,l «ith tin vulti.ti in ,,f iliu .\\.in.c..-» icnt. protiuci-ii; |.r..|.Kr.i.-». S t-litin 7.— Rec.iniincii linn in neatd tn petition f.um licui.a .i .-nil. iL.m in re fcrenct'. to th^ Liinnn sftfi t niui.ie Ftmc, and also in icply to 'ct:.r fmtn \u«. P. Se-bnailzinaD, that ihey )^. )n!i,rmrd thin :he Couucll will not further s ay tht tiro cje.lioijs Ihe | ol.ro !m-t hre;i nsk,-,l to initiate, and that the |.u i c Ik noiitiu.l accordinglT. With regard to clause 7, Cr. Jacoby said that it might be adjourned until that day fortnight, or else sent down to tbe l'ublic Works 'Com mittee, as he understood the Mayor desired' the meeting to be brief. Or. Connibere objected to that oourse. It had been promised by the Council to those people inte rested that the question would be settled a month ago It was pointed out to Or. Conni bere that be was out of order. The tnotion to postpone the clause had not been seconded. Cr 0'Donnell seconded the mo tion. Cr. Cooniljeresaid he would vote against the postponement of tho clause. Tbe natter should at once be settled. If (lie Council were right it should be made manifest, and if they were in the wrong they should also know it. Crs. Jacoby and Sir George Turner were speaking to each other in a confidential manner. Looking at them, Cr. Counibore said that he wus not in the Council to conduct the business on the sly. He was quite willing to hear all that could be said. Cr. Jacoby said that Cr. Conni bere's remarks wore quite uncalled for, and he had no right to say that Cr. Bir George Turner and himself were concocting together. They were discussing a subject foreign to the issue. Cr. Kemp said that tbe postpone ment sought might be to the interest of the ratepayers. If the Council went on now it might put the rate payers to a good deal of trouble. Cr. 0'Donnell eaid ho understood that tbe matter was not to be settled until there was a full Council. The Mayor taid the matter had been sent to the Public Works Com mittee to admit of Crs. Connibere and Drabard being present. It was impo.'tiible sow to get a full meeting as Cr. Drafearii retired at the end of the month. Cr. Jacoby said that he was anx ious that there should be no longer delay th«n necessary. There was no desire to keep back anything, but it was thought it would be t etttr to consider the whole matter by the aid of the advice of the city solicitor, therefore he asked that the matter stand over until suoh time as the solicitor could be consulted. He de precated Cr.' Connibere talking to tbe gallery in the wny he bad done. Cr. Sir George Turner said that he waB sorry that he could not go with Cr. Jacoby in bis desire. It did nut boeni fair to him. the speaker, to keep the matter hanging up. It was useless cou«ulting thts solicitor, as be had already given his opinion. He, Cr. Turner, failed to see what good ant ther fortnight's d, 1 ty would do. If the Council failed Mrs. Schwartzmnn might pay her license tee ; if the Council succeeded Mrs. Schwartzraan would have to com mence ie twvo, and all partios would be heard, and then there would be an end of the matter, and all parties would be put out of their misery. Cr. Jacol.y said that he had not set out tbe case. Cr. Sir George Tnrner said he would move that tbe section be adopted, which Cr. Connibere se conded, to place Cr. Jacoby in order. Cr. Jacoby aaid that tbtro was no councillor more anxious to have the matter settled than him- The Fi nance Oommittee had nothing to do with the acceptance of Mrs. Schwarti man's fees. He understood that tho city solicitor had advised a contrary action to that which was taken. A» regarded tho bill of £70 oohts in eurred, he was in farour of having the matter sifted to the last possible grain. Before spending any more u.oney over the matter ratepayers were entitled to tho fullest informa tion. Some lady ratepayers in the auji torium, at this stage, made audible comments. Cr. Siedeford said he objected to ratepayers coming into the chamber and makiDg~comuicuts. The Mayor said that ratepayers would not be allowed to interrupt the Council proceedings. Cr, Jacoby continuing, said that if Mr. Wooif, tbe city solicitor, would advise that no further pro ceedings be taken he did not sup pose any councillor would go against his opinion. Those councillors who were unable to attend the Public Works Committee might have tbe full text of what took place sent them. The city solicitor h%i aaid the Council had not a ' ghost of a chance.' Or. Btedtford said that there seemed to be a good deal in Cr. Jac jby'ci reason for a postponement Or. Sir George Turner failed to see how any police court proceedings would cost £b'u. There must be other matters included in the bill of 0 Bta. Ee would like to have the city solicitor's written opinion. Or. 0'Donnell observed that the city solioitor was to have been at (he last Public Works Oommittee. Ihe Mayor t We were away in Sydney. \- Or. 0'Donnell said it was repre. hensible that the councillors could not get to the bottom of the bi'l of oosts. Ue had not been able to find out who 'had instructed .the solicitor, or who had incurred the expenses. \ Or. Connibere was surprised that the Council's solicitor should have let the case proceed when bo held the opinion that the Council had not a ' ghost of a chanoe.' Or. Jaooby : Tou dragged him into proceedings. ' Or. Oonnibere asked why, ii the Oounoil made an error its solioitor did not stop the proceedings 1 Or. Jacoby said be would be sorry to see the matter closed abruptly by a ' snatched vote.' He was anx ious thut it should be closed in a satisfactory manner. Or. 0'Donnell: Who instructed the solicitor to go on with the ctse ? 1 have been nearly throe months trying to find out thut ! Cr Sir George Turner: Don't pay tbe b II uf costs until you do find it out. „ Eventually it was dncnlcd to trait uiK.n tlto cicy eulicicur and uscertaiu iiis opinion uf the Council's prutped of success if a further action was in stituted, and if tiuub opinion was fu vourabie inetructions wero to be given to proceed. The Finance Commiito'a Report was received as fol owe — FlKAKCK COMMITTISK'S llBl'OUT, NO. 2?. Section I. — Keporttng puytueuU amount ing in i:,42 u;,. 31. S.ciion i.— Reporting reetipta us fol lUt.S, Current ? £705 19 0 Hate., Arrears ? 8 4 G Pku Charge, Currem ... 110 I S Pan Cti..ge, Atrt-nts ... 8 4 0 Registration ..[ Dojia ... 33 10 0 L'ceus s ? 2 6 0 Building Fets ? 1 10 0 Weights S: Measure Fees 0 17 Formation ? 2 19 8 Cash in Aid of Wuika ... 3 17 6 Bent of Town Hall ... U 0 0 Kent uf Shops ... 31 3 4 Suodry receipt ? 0 10 Uefund Interest Com meiciul Bank ... U 13 8 £!'3I 10 fi Under Orders of the Day, the fol lowing resolution, in connection with the Municipal Loans Extension Act, was made absolute: — *.— ?? That the Council of I homunicipalitT ' of tbe City of St. Kilda doth hereby order 'and resolve pursuant to the pro»ieious of ' the Municipal Loans Kiteiision Act, 1898, ' to extend Ibe period during which the '? Conncil is required to provide for the 11 rcpaymeut oE the pnueii al moneys lecarcd ' by debentures Issued in connection with ' tbe Local Govenmint Acts, from the due 'dates of such Loans (being respectively ' the 20iii October, 1908, 1st Janoarr, 1918, ' Ut January, 1921), to the let of October, ' 19H1. And that this resolution stand for 11 confirmation by this Council npon the 18th ' September, lb*J».' The Council, having offered its congratulations to Or. Sir George Turner ou his Government having attained a maximum record of longevity, adjourned. 