I $ttilc I OR, I How Bath Won Her Heritage. I Br Mrs. G. Sheldoh, I AnihoroM of 'The Miming Heir of I tallonby," " The Masked Bridal,' Etc. I CHAPTER IX. "SUB WILL lie A WRETCHED WOMAN I ALL IIER LIFE." ,, jgy c(iu!cb and goes, hops ebbs and flows, I Like the wares ; - I Change doth nnknitthe tranquil strength I of men." I Ycb, Basil Meredith wa< also a pas- I , 0ncer on the Gormanic, and bound upon I sn important, yet very trying, errand abroad. " Oh, Ralph!" Roth exclaimed, the I moment she recognised him, a note of I eager pleasure in her tones, 41 this is the I gentleman who was kind to me yesterday. I Mr Meredith, this is a delightful sur- I priao. And now let mo introduce my I bDBband, Mr Plympton." I Tho two geutlemeu greeted oach other I cordially, although Ralph did not fail to I w»ll. with a secret twinge, his pretty I wife's remark of the previous day, regard- I iog her new acquaintance, that he was I " tho very nicest gentleman that she bad I met in a long time." I He could but own, however, that Bhe I bad reason for thinking so, as he looked I into the handsome, refined, and iutelH- I gent face ; noted that luminous smile, I which was its chief charm; the deep, I eoaUul, brown eyes, and the grandly I shaped brow above them. I He thanked him, with a few well- I chosen words, for the service he had ren- I dered bis wife the day before, and then, I ignoring the strange events that had led I op to it, adroitly changed the eubjeot. I " I had not the remotest idea, Mrs I Plympton, when I bade you farewell yes- I terday, that we would be fellow-travellers I to day," Basil Meredith remarked to I Rath, after a slight pause in hia converse- I tion with her husband. I "Neither had I," she answered, I smiling brightly op at him, M but I am I sure 1 am very glad. 1 was sorry when 1 I parted from you to think tha'. 1 might never meet you again," she ingenuously I concluded. " Thank you,' he returned, meeting her lovely eyes with an earnest look, in which there was a certain wistfuluess that touched ber deeply. " What trifling in cidents sometimes throw together people who otherwise might never have met, and give them a life-long interest in each other." " That is true," the young wife gravely responded, but flushing at the delicate compliment in the words, 44lifcl«»»g interest," yet thinking- that the incideuts which had thrown .them together upon two different ocoasious had been anything bat 11 trifling,' at least to her. " I trust that you are none the woreo to dsy for . the harsh treatment you received yesterday," Mr Meredith ob served, a light cloud < flitting over his countenance. "Oh, no," Ruth replied, although sho lost something of her brilliaut color, as she recalled all that occurred, and the anxious fears and doubts that had arisen in connection therewith ; 1 but all tho same," with a nervous little laugh, 4 1 am very glad to got away from New Y« rk." They stood chatting fir a fow minutes looser, then Mr Morodith excused himself and went below. 41 Isn't he nice, Ralph ?' Ruth ques tioned, eagerly, as soon as he was beyond hearing. 44 Indeed, he is; bot its a great pity that he is so out of nhape," the young man returned with a deprecatory shrug of hia own flue, broad shoulders. 44 And he had bucIi a splendid phy sique when I £aw him befote ; he bore himself like a king, and walkod with a step as proud, 6rm, and elastic as your own. 1 wonder what terrible accident has deformed him,': said Ruth, with a Bad face and a regretful sigh. 44 He lookB as if ho had been very ill," Ralph responded, 44and somehow, he impresses me as also having some heavy burden on his mind." 1 Yes, I observed that, too," the young wife remarked. 44 I wuuder if Miss Gor don cau have anything to do with it. lio knew her instantly, yesterday, and she ectod very strangely when she saw him. Then, when 1 asked him if he thought oho might not be deranged, he said, with such a strange look and tone, that there could not be much doubt that she was hope lessly so— that -thore was no one more hopelessly deranged than a soulless woman." 44 Humph,1', said Ralph, thoughtfully, "that was rather a peculiar remark ; he most know her right well to have said that. You did. not mention it yester- day." " No, I did nob think of it ; neither did I think to tell you that be said be bad heard of you. I wonder how 1" Ralph wondered alao, and, putting this and i hat. together, he came to the conclu eion that Mr Meredith must have beard of him through bis acquaintance with Inez Gordon. They met him every day after that, aud found him extremely genial and entertaining. Ruth, particularly, was very strongly attracted to him, her warmest sympathies being excited in his behalf on acoount of the unaccountable s&duusB; that seemed to enshroud him, and alao because of his deformity. He lent her several entertaining bocks of whloh he appeared to have an un limited supply, while, sometimes he would come to sit beside her and read aloud some entertaining sketch or bit of poetry, after which they would fall to discussing its merits, and thus every interview served to reveal to her something new and more to be admired in his character. He could be merry, too, and often would make her laugh heartily by re lating some amusing anecdote, while he himself always seemed brighter and happier for their little hit of fun. One day she remarked to him : "You have escaped sea- sicknjss as well as wo Are you never ill daring a voyage I" " No, even though I have crossed the Atlantic many times ; bnt— I have other ills to bear that are far worse than sea sickness," he rotnmsd, glancing down, with a sad smile, sttbin misshapen shoul der. It was the first time that he had ever referred to lile miafortune, and Ruth flashed sensitively, and yet she was touched that, he - should feel friondly. enough with her to epeak of it. "Ah, do you suffer from that!" she gently inquired, a pitiful gleam in her lovely eyes. 41 intensely, at times— it is for that I am going abroad," he aaicL " I have tried all kinds of treatment in my own country, aud now I am going to . Faris to see what French surgery can 1 am not what I was, Mrs Plympton, when I met you two yean ago," he con cluded, with a sad smile/ 41 How— how did itubappqn 7' Ruth questioned, softly, The inquiry might havo seemed curious and almost impertinent fromnnvone else, but the tone, the look, the alight quiver of the sweet, sensitive lips, told her com panion thither whole eoul was: thrilling with sympathy for and womanly interest in him. But the effect which it produoed sent a terriblo shook qolvering through the fair young wife, for the man suddenly grew deadly white, while hia face became almost convulsed with agony over some, blighting memory whioh her query seemed to have aroused. 4 4 Oh, forgive me! don't toll met 1 should not have asked that," she tremu lously faltered, an expression of dismay sweeping over her own features. 11 Nay, little woman, do uot be troubled or reproach yourself," he replied, re- assuriogly, as he quickly recovered him self. 44 it is a great comfort, believe me, to a lone man situated as I am, to know that there is eveu ono. true, gentle woman in the world to feel an interest in him. My deformity," he went on, the lines about hia month hardening a trifle, 14 was caused by an accident, shortly after I met you, two yeara ago." lie paused a moment and then resumed in a cold, repressed tone : A few months previous to that time, I had learned to love, and believed 1 had won, a very beautiful woman. To me she seemed to be the most perfect being 1 in the wide world, and 1 allowed myself ' to wake a veritable idol of her. We were j to be married just ono month after my ! meeting with you. A fow days latter we ! went together to call upon a friend, and it seemed to me that there could be no one living so inexpressibly happy as I was, (that day, in the companionship of my | betrothod. j 44 1 had jaBt assisted her to enter the j carriage, after leaving tho bouse of our | friend, when a newspaper was blown be tween the feet of our horses and they instantly took fright. I sprang to their headB and tried to hold and calm them, but, with that paper atill rattliog about their heels, they became utterly un manageable, and though I checked them just long enough to give my oompanion time to spring uninjured to the ground, I was thrown beneath them aud terribly trembled upon, tho carriage also passing over me, as they sprang forward In their mad flight. 41 1 was taken np unconscious, and for weeks my life was despaired of. When 1 finally began to mend, it was to learn that 1 was a hopeless cripple. Of course 1 could not bow submissively to such a terrible decree and persisted in trying j every skillful surgeon within my reach. | The most that any of them bare done \- for mo has been to give me temporary i relief from my .pain ; they tell mo that is ; all that I can expect. But I am young— ( only twenty-seven —and 1 rebel against j the prospect of a long life of Buffering, to say nothing of being hampered with this ? misshapeu body ; so 1 resolved to make . one more effort to better my coudition ; ' and my present errand abroad is to lest ; the skill of certain renowned surgeons in J Franco. I am obliged to confess, how- < ever, that I havo but little hope to cboer mo on my way, 1 ' he concluded in a tone that was inexpressibly sad. Ruth uttered a long sigh of regret as lie ceased, while two largo tears escaping 1 from beneath her golden lashes, rolled : over her cheek and foil upon her hands I as thoy lay upon her lap. Basil Meredith saw them and started slightly, while a flush arose to his ' temples. 14 Ah 1 pray do not grieve— like that, for me," he said in an unsteady voico. . 1 am unused to sympathy, for 1 live almost the life of a recluse, having no relatives ; even tho woman, from whom 1 had tho right to ex pool so much, turned from" my misshapen body iu contempt, the first tiiuo she aaw mo after my accident aud coolly informed me that she could never marry an uusightly cripple." 41 Oh 1 how utterly heartless 1" breathed Ruth, in a ahockod tone, 44 and after you had Bared her life at the risk of your own, and at such a sacrifice I'1 44 Yes, there can be no doubt that my promptness in checking the horses was her salvation," said Mr Meredith. 44 Then she owed her life — her deepest gratitude aud love to you ; sho should ' have regarded xf her highest privilege to devote her future to you and your com fort," cried the young wife earnestly. "But she did not lore me, you per- ceJvo," responded Basil Meredith, iu a bitter tone. 44 How could she help it?' ltuth lm- ' pulsively exclaimed, as she lifted a look half of wonder, half of admiration to him ; and then sho blushed rosily at her own ' words. Mr Meredith's gloomy brow cleared and ho laughod out musically. Then removing bis cap from liis bead he bowed low beloro her. 4 4 Thank you, Mrs Plympttn ; 1 have uot had such a genuine compliment in .years," ho said ; then added with a strange thrill in his tones 44 If 1 could ouly have had a sister, like you, to turn . to during these years of trouble and suffering, I should havo been a far happier man. However," he wont on, straightening himaoll and lifting his fine head proudly, 44 although the awakening : from that fair dream of my life was a ! rude one, I have since boon thankful that ; it was a timely one, and have come to regard the Author of what was once a : bitter disappointment with only pity and contempt — there is nothing so pitiful and s despicable as a soulless woman." j 44 Ah!" thought Ruth with Budden enlighteumcnt, 44 that 4 soulless woman1 was Inez Gordon ; she never could have ' really loved him, or she would not have 1 thrown him over. What if be is a little ! deformed and lame 7— he is perfectly I grand morally and intellectually, and any I woman might bo proud to be bis wife 1 f That was two years ago," she wont on ' musingly, 44 then it could not have been i so very long ago that Ralph mot her. 1 1 wonder if she really cared for bim 7 Ah 1 I no," with a sudden atari; 44 for ahe told ( me ahe had 4 broken her heart for another before she ever met him 1 Then, she did : love— as well perhaps as she could love !any one besides hcisolf— Basil Meredith, and it was only her pride that kept her from marrying him. She was like a ! ghost yesterday when she saw him, and . there was in her eyes a look of despair > that told of Jcoen suffering." \- She seemed so grave and thoughtful, Mr Meredith began to foar that ho had saddened her with his doleful story. ' 1 am afraid 1 have wearied you," he gently remarked. 44 Pray, Mrs Plymp ton, do not let what I havo toljl you weigh upon your heart for one moment. 1 hardly know how 1 happened to tell you this story, that has never passed my lips before, unless it was your gontle and womanly sympathy charmed it from me." 44 1 am thankful that you deemed me worthy of your confidence," Roth gently, returned ; 44 bat it was a dreadful, thing for that women to tarn coldly from you when yon needed her most." . " I should have offered her freedom, even if ahe had not repudiated me,", the gentleman quietly returned. 41 Do you not think ahe would be justified in accept ing it t" 44 Justified I No! No true woman would have listened to auoh a suggestion. She would have dung to you all the more It would be asd thing to have peerless, beautiful woman bound to auoh a shapeless clog," he began bitterly. 44 Don't 1 oh, please de not speak like that," Rath Interposed, a wave of pain creeping over her beautiful face. 41 This " just touohing him with tho .tips of her taper 6ngera, while she lifted her wonder ful eyes, in which there was almost a look of reverence, to his — 44 this is not the real you ; that no accident could .change ; that wonld still have been hers ; and she will be a wretched woman all her life to have lost so muoh." The young man gazed at her wonder- ingly for a moment. He was profoundly touched. His Hps wero tremulous, and, but for hia manhood, he could almost have wept over her divinely comforting words. 44 Mrs Plympton," he said, at last, but in a voice that was far from steady, 44 you are the sweetest comforter in the world. Yon ehamo me ; and henceforth, 1 will try to bo worthy of the tribute you have jast paid me." CHAPTER X. 44 COMING EVENTS OAST TJIEIH SHADOWS BBPOHE." ' Fate steals along with silent tread, Found oftenest in what least wo dread ; Frowns in tho storm with angry brow. But in the sunshine strikes the blow." For several days afterward Ruth was almost constantly haunted by the sad story that Basil Meredith had related. Again and again she wonld seem to see the look of pain that had clouded his expressive brown eyes ; the sensitive quiver about his mouth ; the palor that blanched his grand face to the hue of marble, and the beads of agony that lay upon his massive brow as he spoke of the great sorrow of his life. She never for get the vivid word-picture that he had portrayed for her. That graphic sketch of those prancing terrified horses, as he vainly strove to control them ; while that beautiful girl, intent only upon her own safety, had sprung to the ground. She saw the swaying carriage, that proud, J rand form thrown to the earth and rath- . essly trampled beneath the iron hoofs. She saw bim lying there, bleeding and unconscious, while the heavy vehiole rolled over him. Then, later, upon his bed, where he had spent long months of suffering, which was supplemented by tbe greater mental agony, upou learning that the woman he loved was false— that she bad heartlessly forsaken him— leaving him to drag out his broken life alone In bitterness of spirit too deep for expres sion. 44 How could she ! Oh ! how could she have done it ?" Ruth often found herself saying, over and over to herself. 44 How could she hare given a second thought to the maimed body —that had been sacri ficed for her — when, all her life, she would havo that grand, ideal face to look iuto and smile back at her 7 Those great, truthful, loving eyes to beam affection upon her ; those tender lips to kiss her, and that great, true, eelf-B&cri;&cing; heart to beat only for her 7" But, after such reveries as those, she would suddenly start ; her faco flashing with a sense of guilt, as If, somehow, she had been disloyal to Ralph, in allowing herself to feel such excessive reverence aud admiration for any other man. Still, she told herself, that it was only pity for hia loneliness aud sympathy for his infir mity that caused her to feel such an inte rest in hiui. The voyage was a delightful one, and Ralph Piymptou and hia pretty wife made many pleasant acquaintances ; but tho friendship that was formed oetwoeu them aud Basil Meredith was destiued to bear results in the near future that nei ther of them dreamed of at that time. On the very last day of the voyage a singular iucidont occurred ; one which, although it soeinod utterly intangible in the way of utility, seemed to Rutb to have peculiar bearing upou certain facts connected with the strange story that she had learned from her father a short time before his death. She had just come up on deck after lunch, aud was passing around one end ol tho saloon, to get to her chair, when she suddenly caino npon two individuals whom she had not seen before since the steamor sailed. One was an elderly gentleman, who was enveloped from his chia to his heels in a travelling ulster. He wore a fur cap upon his head, tho side pieces being drawn down over his ears, while a volu minous mufler was drawn around his nock. His face— what could be eeeu of it —was pale aud thin, and he seemed almost too feeble to walk, for he leanad heavily upon the arm of his companion, who, evidently, was his servant, and car ried a cano in his other hand. His attendant was also somewhat re markable in appearance. Ho was of medium stature, rather thickset, aud apparently about forty-five years of age. His skin was a dark olivo, without a par ticle of color to relieve its swarthy hue ; his oyes were rather small, but intensely black and Diercing. with a cunning, sinis- ter gleam in their midnight depths ; while his hair was as white as snow— as was also the full board that entirely con cealed the lower portion of his fooe. The moment Ruth came opposite this strange-looking couple tho younger man gave a violent start, and uttered a sharp exclamation of astonishment. 44 Eh 1 what is it!" exclaimed the inva lid, turning upon him, with alert curio sity. 44 What m&do; yon jump like that, John Payne 7 Ah!— aha! — ah!" be eja culated, ae his own glance, now fell upon the fair young wife, while be halted directly in her path, thus barring her progress, and stared at her beantifol face with a look of astonishment— almost amounting to wildnoss. 44 Good heavens, Payne 1 Is it that picture come to life 7" Ruth heard him mutter under his breath. At the same moment hts cane dropped from his nerveless hand, and fell directly at her feot ; whereupon a mighty shock went quivering through her own frame as sho iovolnutarily glanoed down upon it. It was an elegant affair of some highly polished wood, but the head was the exaot counterpart of the thumb- piece of that key which Sir Amos Rothwick had sent to her great-great-grandmother when he was dying t only It was made of gold and beautifully and skilfully wrought. It was the Rothwick coat-of-arms — a thistle above two olive leaves 1 Ruth PJymptos's own faoo lost evory atom of color as she stood there looking down upon that peculiar device. The next moment tho servant had lifted the cane and returned it to his master, who, after bestowing another searching, options look upon the face I that had startled him so, averted his' head, turned nervously away and passed on. 44 How very strange 1" Ruth mur mured, at she turned to gaze after him. 44 Who can they bo 7 That disagreeable, Spaulsh-looking man he called by tbe very English-sounding name— John Payne ; bnt 1 would give a great deal to know his own. That cane would seem to indicate that he must be a— Rothwick ; bnt 1 have seen nothing like tho name npon the passenger list." She drew a tablet from the pooket of her cloak as she spoke, and, sinking down, upon the nearest chair, began to study it attentively. " No," she esid, with a sigh of regret, after ,her eager eyes had searched tthe entire passenger list, 44 not even the name of John Payne is hers. Tbe only clue to the identity of either that 1 cau find are two persons registered as 4N. Roswell and servant. 44 But, I am impressed that that old man jg akin to my mother," she continued, thoughtfully. t4That cane, alone, wonld seem to prove it, for it is not likely that anybody but an heir of the house of Rothwick would carry about its coat-of- arms so conspisuously. Then, too, how startled they both appeared, as they oame upon me so suddenly 1 and that strange remark about some picture ooming to life! Can it be possible that J, four generations removed, resemble tbe por trait of some member of the Rothwick family 7" She Bat there a long time, muBing upon the singular adventure, and then she went roving about the steamer, in the hope of encountering the strange couple agaln, Bat they were nowhere to be found, and she did not see them again , although, upon making Inquiries of one of tne stewards, she learned that there was on board an old gentleman, who was very muoh of an invalid, and closely confined to his state-room, where he demanded the constant attendance of his valet or con fidential clerk, whichever he might be. The next day the Germanic steamed Bafely into port, when Its many pas sengers, who had lived bo harmoniously together for a week, vanished, as if by magic, and went their several ways. Mr and Mrs Plympton and Basil Mere dith travelled in company as far as London, where they also were obliged to part, as Ralph and his wife were to remain in that city for a couple of weeks, while Mr Meredith had arranged to go directly to PartB. 41 1 am going to the St. Antoiue Hospital," he gravely told them, 44 where I expect to undergo a painful operation within a few weeks. If I get safelv through it," he corrected with a quick glanoo at Ruth, 44 it will doubtless take me some time to rally from tbe shook to my system, and it would give me great pleasure, as well as help to break the monotony of my long confinement, to reoelve an occasional visit from you, since you tell me you are to be in Paris for several months." 44 Oh, we will surely come to see you," Ruth oxclsimed, a great pity shining in her blue eyes, while a sharp paiu, like the thrust of a knife, had pierced her heart when he spoke in that doubtful way of the possible result of the coming operation. 44 We surely will not neglect to visit you, just as soon as we are allowed, will we, Ralph 1" she concluded, turning to her husband to conceal the tears that would start iu spite of her efforts to repress them. 44 No, indeed, we will not fail to look you up immediately upou our arrival," heartily responded the young man. Then, with cordial but regretful fare wells, they separated, each with a fear that they might never meet again. Theu there began a round of pleasures aud sight-seeing for Ralph aud his wife in great, busy, bustling, interesting London. Of course, be, had been over the same ground betoro, but it waB a source of in- tenso enjoyment to him to watch Ruth's delight and enthusiasm over every spot which they visited. The little lady was exceedingly well versed in historical lore, and be was obliged to look well to his owq laurels while acting as her guide over famous localities, and through the many noted castles, palaceB, etc, which they visited. They had been in London less than a week, when Ralph received a letter from the proprietor of the Ellsmere Hotel, where they stopped while in New York. But it proved a very disappoiutiog epistle, for tho gcutlemau wrote in re sponse to the young man's inquiries regarding _ihe lost marriage certificate, that although ho had caused a thorough search to be made immediately upon learning its loss, the document could not be found. It certaiuly was not in the Bible, he said, whore Ralph had declared it would bo discovered, for ho himself had care fully. examined tho volume, while lie also had caused .the closet and dressing-case to be thoroughly searched. Ho remarked that a chambermaid had put the apartment iu order for another guest directly after their departure, and upon questioning her she admitted that she ii ad gathered up some papers from the floor, aud thrown them out iuto the rubbish barrels, but even a careful over hauling of these receptacles had failed to bring to light tho important paper. He concluded by courteously expressing hia regret over the failure to find it, and trusted that no unpleasant result would follow the loss. Ruth grieved sorely over this frustra tion of her hopes, for, to hor, it Boomed that the possession of hor marriage certificate was a matter of great import ance. But Ralph, though ho was somewhat irritated over the occurrence, Bald it was really of no special consequence, for there was plenty of evidenco to prove that bo had legally marriod her. Although he had not registered his full name at the hotel, he had caused it to appear on the passenger list of the Germanic, while he had also introduced her to numberless people as his wife. Besides all this, there was still tho jastice to whom thoy could appeal, if nooessary, and back of him, the records to vouch for the lawful ness of the ceremony. Yes, it all seems very clear that their marriage could never to questioned, and so the little wife was reassured, and con cluded that the loss of the certificate did not really matter very much, after all. Alas 1 how much grief a little careless ness will sometimes entail. What may seem but a 44 trifle ' to-day may become a mountain to crush us to morrow. A little incident, which aIbo seemed bat a 44 trifle "at the time, occurred in New York city on the very day that our newly wedded couple sailed for Europe. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon a small urchin about ton years of age stood on the corner near the Ellsmere Hotel, with a bundle of papers under ono arm. Business did not appear to be very brisk, and he amuBed himself by study ing the faces of the people who passed him, while every now aud then he would lustily shout the names of the evening papers he had on sale. Presently a carriage drew np to the eidewalk close by him, and a lady alighted from it. 44 Evening Sun — Evening World? queried the urchin, bouncing up to her, and, heedless of eveiything but to reduce | bis stock-in-trade, he did not look where he was stepping, so trod diroctly upon her sweeping, elaborately trimmed skirt. She turned upon nim with an angry flash in her great black eyes. ' What are you about, you little imp 7" she cried, in a tone of passionate disgust, as her glance fell npon the dirty baro feet that sooorely pinned her delicate dress to the ground. 44 Sun, World, News f he repeated, him ourions eyes fastened npon her bril liantly beautiful face, and still latent npon selling a paper. Without deigning to reply, tho woman lifted her daintily gloved hand and dealt a resounding slap upon tbe cheek and ear nearest to her. 44 Take that, you young beggar, for your insolenoe, and get off my dress," she angrily cried. The attack was so unexpected that the little fellow staggered book wards a few steps, whereupon, released from his un comfortable predioament, his assailant swept on towards the ladies' entrance to the hotel, without once glancing behind her. The lad stood astounded and speech less for a moment, rubbing hiB smarting cheek. Then he made a dash after that haughty figure, reaching tho entrance before the door had time to fully close after her. Throating his head in at the aperture, and, leering viciously Into the proud face, ho wrathfully told her to go to a very warm place — 44 and roast." She paid not the slightest hoed to him, save to curl her red lips with a slight smile of scorn j but, an employee of the house coming forward to drive away the disreputable intruder, he vanished and was around the corner before the man reached the door. A couple of hours later the same boy might have been seen industriously over hauling one of the rubbish barrels in the rear of the Ellsmere Hotel. He was evidently hunting for stamps, as he eagerly seized upon every envelope that bore one, while he threw away those that had none. He also carefully pre served every scrap of blauk paper that could be detached from old letters. 44 Gosh 1 what's this 'ere 1" he mat tered, as he came upon a folded, fresh - looking document that rattled noiBily in his grasp. But a look of astonishment overspread his face as, upon examining it, he found both writing and printing on the Inside. 44 Humph 1— -praps the back'U do to practice ou," he said, as he refolded it aud put it with the promiscuous assort ment in his hands. That paper was Ruth Plymptou's pre cious marriage certificate. The chambermaid, while putting Ruth's room iu order, after the young I couple's departure that morning, had knocked the Bible from the table, when the paper had slipped out upon the floor, where it was afterwards gathered up with others, and thrown out among the rub bish. Ralph's letter, enquiring for it, was not reoeived until evening, when the room was immediately searched ; but the rub bish was not examined until the next morning, when, of course, it was too late to secure the prized document. The woman who had smitten the little , lad so brutally upon the cheek was Inez Gordon. She had driven to the hotel to ascertain if Ralph Plympton and his wife had roally sailed for Europe. What connection have these two appa rently trifling incidents, and how can they over be woven iuto the web, and be made to fib into the plot of our story 7 Ah 1 we shall see I (To be Continued ). 