ICOMFLETE ST02TA — — ! Jiiiiiijj Goggles the God, | ? . - ' . 3T ^ ? H. G. WELLS, Awbor of 'Vaa- of tie Worifis,' ??'Hi? ' IsSacd of Marean,' ' Tbe 'One ?HEebice,** &c;, &c; \CGBTB3SS2^\ -. T isn't every w* ?who's bsen a god,' said the s&aharss-; ''man. ' Bat h?s happened to me. among other I intimated my sanse of his cma descenaon- 'It fitEi't Ifave rr^r-f^ for sinhitSo^ does it F' said the ^ f n fTT7 ^T?^' T**^T. **^— ?sras oae of those men -srao -were *sr-ed from the Ocean Pkmrer GtaninT! How szi=* fiiesi It's twenty years ago. I d-.-ubt if vwrli nemembsr bot -djios- of lie Ocean Pioseer ?' !Ili6 nams 'was familiar, 2&d; I tzisd to recall whss. sad trbtre I had read4i- The Ocean Pioneer ? ~ Saaaeiiing- about gold dcsL' I ssid Tasnelr, ' but tbe precise ? ' ?? 'Thai's it,' he ssdcL' 'In 2 beastly lirds pirate?. It ttsls t-efere taey d pat the kybc*b on thet brsuess. And there'd bssa .volcanoes or sojEetiimj, end. all trie nxss tu wrong. There's pi£KS do- s-n by Sroaa whsre yoa fair hare to foBotr die rocis abocr to see where they' 2* g.-mr aeit. Djira she Treat in rvreaty faihoias before you could havedealtlor -B-his, Tnsk fifty sioraaisa pounds' trordi of gold aboard, it ir^s add, in one form or another '? SurrzroTir' ' Three.' ! '' I miemb^r ;h-2 case dot.' I said, ; 'Tbtre tvii ^omediinir sixoit salvage ? ' ] But at the wore saJvasre :ie sunburnt man I expk-i«G in» lasgi^^ye j-o extraordinarily horrible that I siojfpzd aghast. He carps do-wn 10 mare ordinary sirearing- and puueS ''Excuse hi?.'' L= said, 'bo: sslT-ag-c I' He least over uysrarda me. ' I -Bras in that job,' he said. ' Triad to make mysdi a rich ?man ann ^oi HlSdr £ STC'd Instead. I've got xny feelii^s.' ; ?' It ain't all jast b=in? a god.' said the snxfttami nmr ana fcrwnjs time heoonrersed , or r-«=a--.s oi sazh zAth- bat ui:ijro'ie5avs ; asioms. At last he took np his tale again. 'There '»ras me.' ssid tLe sunburnt man, 'acd a ssaiaan nsinsd Jacobs, and Al'srays, the maife of iht Ocean Kon^r. And him it tras s=t the sr'aole thing- g-ofiig-. I remember him no's-. Ts-har; ve is-as in the jcHv bzsat, sagrgfest ing- it all to oar minds j tu-t by one sent-noe. He *^ras a ?s-ond-arfal hand at ?ai^nrteting' things. 'There -sras forty Thousand psands,' he said, ' on thsi aap. and it's for me t-3 say just ?niere she Trent dotrn.' i ' It didn't ne«d much brains to tumble to that. And he -was the leader trom the first to the last. He got hold of the Sanderses acd their brig — thry ?cere brothers, and rhe brig uras the Pride oi Baaya : and he ii tras bought the diving dte=s — a second-hand one ?srith a «fiBpres~ad air apparatus instead of tabes and praapiug. He'd Lave dons the diving, too. if it hadn't cjade him sick — as it osjzs many .pe-jple going down. And the siirage people Trere innckiDS abont ?with a chart he'd cooksd up, a= soleiiiii as could be, at Starr Raoe. a hundred and twenty miles 2T*'ay-*T ?' I can teil you ?«?= ?nas a happy lot aboard tfeat brig, jokes and drink and bright hopes all the time. It all seemed so neat and dean xod »traightiorward, and -what rough chaps ; call a ? csert.' Acd — e used to speculate how j the other lot, tie proper salvagers, 'who'd i Kaned nro d2y= hesor^ us, -were getting on. j until our sdes.feiriT ^gsb.ed. . 'WVall messed carious cretr, all officers and no men, and ! tasre szooa the cjrjcs' cress ?n-aitiaar its ram, The younger Sanders ?srsis a humorous sort- of chap, and he -iff someibing funny in the oonioundtd thing's great fat head and its ??Tar*,, and he made us see it too. ' Jimmr a CSrisrian— asi if Le was mmed, and how llrs. Goggles -was and all the little Go^ gleses. lit to maie you split. And everr ; bkssed day all of us used to drink the health ] of Jim Goggles hi ran, and unscrew his eres j -and -pjar a g-iass of ruin in him, until instead I of that nasty zaackini&sberiiiess; he sesm^L as * nice in the inside as a cask of nun. It xras jolly times we had those davs, I can tell you —little suspecting all the* disappointment \ hat was a-cominsr. * j _ ;' We weren't going io throw away onr j chances by any blessed hurry, you know, and we spent a whole day soundins our wav towards where the Ocean Pioneer had gone down, r%ht between two chunks of ropy gray rock-ia-a rocks that rose nearly out of the water. We had to lay off about half a mile to get a safe anchorage ; and there was a row whoshonld stop aboard I remember; and there she lay Just as she had gone down, to that you could sec tae top of the masts, that were still standing, quite distincilr. Ana 1 went aown on rnday morning- directir it was light. ' What a surprise it was ! I can see it all now quite distinctly. It was a queer loosing place, and the light wa5 jast comiag. People over here think every blessed place in the tropics is a flat shore, and paka trees and surf, but it is a lot more varied reailv. This place, for instance, wasn't a bit that war. Not common rocks they were, undermined by vrayes, bnt great curved banks like ironwork cinaer heaps, with green slime below and thorny shrab^ and things just waving upon them here and there, and rho Tn-^r rrtoC~ caha, and claar, and showing you a kind of dirty gray black shine, with bng'e flarine red brown -vree&s; spreading motionless, andcrawi injr aad -darting things soing through it Aad far beyond the ditches~aDd pools, and the heaps, was a forest on the mountain flank, healing again from the fires and cinder showers of the last erupties. Aad the other way, forest, too, and a kind of broken— what was it? — amphitheatre of black and rusty cinders, rising out of it. aad the sea in a kind of bay in the middle. 'The dawnr I gay, was just coming, and there wasn't much colour about things, aad not a human beiair but ourselves anywhere in sight up or down the channel, except the .Pride of Banya, lying- out beyond a lump of rocks towards (he line of sea. 'Not a human beiag in sight,' he re peated, aad paused. 'I don't know where they came from, not a bit. And we were ..-^»...e OT »'=, 'im «e were au alone that young Sandrrs was a-singing. I was in Jimmy Goggles, all except the helmet '?Easy, says Always, 'there's her mast' And after I'd had just one squint over the gunwale, I caught up the bogeyand almost tipped out as old Sanders brought the boat round. When the windows were screwed and everything was all risht, I shut the valve rroni the compressed air belt in order to heln my *intdug, jumped overboard feet foremost, .and down I went— for we hadn't^ ladder I left the boat pitching, and all of them no doubt stariug down into the water after me,' with all their eyes, as my head sank down into the weeds and blackness that lay about the mast, I suppose nobody- would have pothered about a lookout at sueh r 'ate place. 'Of course you must understate .^ atl , 'was a greenhorn at diving. None of us were diyers. We'd had to muek about with ibe thinsr to get she way of ir, and this was the first time, I'd been at all deep. It feels damnable. Your ears hurt beastlv. I don't know if you've ever hurt yourself yawning or ciieezinij, but ii takes you like thatTonlF tea times \rorse. Asa a ?pain ores the eye brotrs here splitting. And a feeing Hie inilx£Z2za in tbe head. And it isn't all heaven in your longs aad thing*- ' Going down feds .like the beginning af a lift, only it keeps on. And you cts'i tare your head np to see ?arhar's abore you. sad yen can't get s fair squint ax what's happening- to your feet, without oendmjr down samedjing painful. And bang Oesp, it was d*rk, 1st akos the blackness of tfa a^asssd muo that 'formed die bottoBQ. It w»s Hke gtsnp down oat of & jnm baft into ffce Tiisyfct **/? lmr? in=* passei'-:''. ;??_.. ' ';''_-v V ? '-\\- .'??? '?'Tise ms*t eame np like a ghost oat of the. biaci. sod then a lot of fifhas, aod then slot oi flw^4»»s zed seaweed, , and then I came with zi krad of doll bang on &e; deck of the Or-eaa Pioneer, -and die fishes that bad ..?aenieedhie- on the dead lose about me. like was. X tented on tbe compressed air again —for fee sam was- a.. bit thick and niackin toshy after aR, in spae of the rum— and stood recovering myselr; ?' It -strati: cooliso down there, and that helped take off the stuffiness a bit. - ,' 'J ? ??When I began. u- fee! esar, I started lookLag about me. It -was an enrfionSziary sight- Eren the Eght was exnsordiaary — a k&d; of reddy-cotoured twilight, oa account of the streamer;: of le&iresd; ihst floated up on eid-er side of the shop. ^r-A -far ovsrfae3d just a mooay deep green blue. Tbe deek of the ship, except for a slight list to piarboaxd. ?sras level, and lay ail dark ana langberween the treeis, cLar except ?srhsre the masts had snapped when she roiled, and -vanishing; into nigat toirards the foracasiie. There wasn't any desd os the decks, most were in the waeds along-side, I suppose ; but afterwards I found tiro s3raior.rmg trfntr in tiieTia^Ezi&er;'s cab-ins, where dsath bad come to them. ' It. was carious to sssnd on that deek aad reeogiuse it afl, bit by- bit ; a. ?place against tie rail wlitrt I'd been fond of smoking by star- ; iisht. and rhs comer where aa old chap from syaney cswi to -oat -wrai a -widow tts aao atxjsrd. A eorafortcble couple they'd besa, only a month ago, and now yon couldn't have got a meal for a Mttea off wther of tism. ' Pve al^rays had a bit of a philosophical tarn, acd I daresay I spent the bast part of Sre minutes ia sach dsooghts before I went belaw to Sad -where the blessed dust, was stored. It was slow warkh-nn-tsng — feeling it was for the raost part, pitchy dark, with con fusing bine gieaais down tbe companion. Aad there were things moving about ; a dab at my glass once, and Gi-ce a pinch at my leg-. Grabs ! I kicked a lot of loose stuff that jimtled me. and stooped and picked up some thing all knobs aad spikes. What do you think ? — backbone ! But I had never had any particular feehng for botnes- We had talked the aSair over prexty thoroughly, and I found it that trip. I lifted a box on end.' He broke off in his story. 'I've lifted it,' he said. *' As near as that ! Forty thousand pounds worth of pure uusnllied gold! I shouted inside my helmet as a kind of cheer, j foundedly stuffy and tired by this time— I I must fcave been down twenty- five minutes or ! more — aad I thought this was good enough. I 'I went up the companion again, aba as i my eyes came up flush with the deck a j taunaenag great crab gave a kind of hysten j cal jump and Trent scuttling off sideirays. i Quite a start it gave me. I stood up clear on deck and shut th- valve behind the helmet to let the air accumulate in the suit aad carrv ! me up agaia. That's how it's done, you | know. I noticed a kind of whackinsr from ? above, a* though they were hitting- the water j with an oar, but I didn't look up. I fancied i they were signalling me to come up. j ' ' And then something showed down bj me, something heavy, and stood a-quiver in the planks. I looked, and there was a long knife ~I*d seen young Sanders handlimr. Thinks I, he's dropped it, and I was still' call- ins? him this kind of fool and that, for it might have hurt me serious, when. I began to life and drive up towards the daylight. 'Just about the kvel of the top spars of the Ocean Pioneer, whack-!- I came against something sinking down, and a boot knocked in front of my helmet- Then something else — struggling frightful. It was a big weight atop of me, whatever it was. and movine and twisting abour. I'd have thought it'a great I big- octopus or some such rhino- if it hadn't been for the boot. But octopuses don't wear I.l.— t ? _i; :_._ ___^_»^ ^r «^«_»» t I felt myself sinkicg down again, and I threw , ; my arms about to keep steady, and the whole lor Tnilpi^ fros* nT mo anil clw»4- -3n«-^« «a T m.a*»4 j °P ? ' 1 He paused. ] ' I saw young Sandeis's face, over a naked | through his neck, and out of his month aad I neck wnat looked like spurts of pink smoke in i the water. And down they went, elutcbinjr I one another, turning- over, ' aad both too far ; pae to leave go, and in another second mv helmet came a whack, fit to epiiti against the uiggers' canoes. It was niegeis ! Two boats lull I ' It -was lively times, I tell you! Over board came Always with three spears in him. There was the legs of three or four black -_--*«£« »«.*_iLig- awiu me m toe -water. 1 couldn't see much, but I saw the game was np at a glance, gave my valve a twist, and went bubbling down again after poor Always, in as awful a 6tate of scare aad astoaishment as you can well imagine. I passed young Sanders and the nigger going up again, aad in another moment I was standing- in the dun again oa the deck of the Ocean Pioneer 'Gummy, thinks I, here's a fix! luggers! At first I couldn't see anything for it bat stifle below or stabs above. I didn't properly uaderstaad how mnch air there was to last me out, but I didn't feel Kke standing verr much more of it down below. I was hot aad frightfully hesdy, quite apart from the blue r' ^was m. wed nerer reckoned with €!!J-SaS$\natiTe5' who ** y°a ino-ware pretty well hke the Papuan devils No aoubt they'd been stalking the brig at the very time we'd been setting about diving. - 'It. wasn't any good coming up where I was. bnt I had to do something. On the spur of the moment, I jumped over the side of the ong and landed among the weeds, and set off tnrough the darkness, as fast a« T ™^a t jost stopped once and knelt and twisted back my head in the helmet and had a look ap It was a mo-t extraordinary bright green-blue above, and the two caaoes and the boat wer« iinal i nor thoK- t*»^tt c?«*a11 ..'i—ji 'j?_i i ^.» land of twisted H. And it made me feel siek to squint up at it, and think what the pitching and swaying of the three meant. 'It was just about the most horrible t^n minutes I ever had, blunderfag about ia that darkness, pressure three atmospheres, rick ''' liuut, ana Dreatmng nothing', as it seemed, but the smell of rum and mackintosh Gummy! 'After a bit I found myself gointr up a steepish sort of slope. I had another Squint to see ir anything -was visible of the canoes and boats aad then kept on. I stopped with my head a foot from the surfao°, and tried to see where I was going, but of course nothmg -was to be seen but the reflection of the bottom. Then out I dashed. Directly I got my eyes out of the -water, I saw I'd come up a kind of beach near the forest I had a look round, but the natives and the teg were both hidden by a big hummoeky kind of heap of robblv ana +™*f~A i,™ Tie constitutional fool in me suggested a run for the woods. I didn't. take tie helmet off, but I eased- open one of &e; windows and went on out of the water. ; You*d hardly imagine how dean and light the air tasted. ' Of course, with four inches of lead in' your boot soles and your head in a copper knob the size of a football, and after thirty five minutes under -water, yon don't break ^LT^^'Tn^- I ran like a pWhbov 8uui8 )T wor*- . Ana naif- way to the trees I Eawadozenniggera or more, coming out in a gapmg .astonished sort of way to nfeet me! u liT 3™\BioPP& dead and cursed myself for all the fools out of I^ndon. Ihafaboutaa much chance of cutting back as a turtle - I jnstscrewed up my window again toleave my hands free, and waited for them There wasn't anything else for ma to do. : _ 'But they didn't come oa very much I began to realise why. « Jimmy Goggle^' I says, 'if* your bsauiy doss it.* I was in- ; cased to bs a Iriiia light -iesdei I tMnk, wIlL all iiese dangers, aboar and ih* raanff? ia the presscre c-f lie air. * Wbo'rcTc j-tarht. at?' I said, as if ths sav⩾ conli hear aiti 'Wiat d'ye take ms far? Fib banged if 1 doo't give you saznediiiig to ^Care at,' I said . aod wifli siat I Krewed op the escape valne* and tamed on the oomfvnesSed air, until I was sweBed out Hke a blowing frog. -' 'Begaiar iuiposing it must have been. Fm iteaed if they'd crane oa a step ; and presently bus and then another went down an -t&eir; hands aad knees. They didn't kaoir ?what to make of me. aad they were doing the extra polite- I had ba-f s znmd to edge back seaward and cat and ran, but it saeroed alto gether too hopeless- A step back aad they'd hare basa after me. Asd dot of sheer -dsspe- ration I began tornarco towards them up tio beach, -wffli slow heavy ' steps, aad waving my tcown-out arras about in a digninsa wiTm°-. And insde of roe I was singing as small .as a tam-St. 'Bnt there's nothing Eke a smkmg appearance to help a roan orera difficulty, as pTe-fomiabefore'andsEncs. People Kke our ssiT-es, wee're ap. to diving druses by tie time -sre're . serea, can scaroely imagine the sfect of one caj & smple-minded savage. One or two of these naggers cut aad raa, She j oflsas sterted in a great hurry to knocktijeir j bsains out on. the ground. And an I/sreat as J slow aad solemn and sxDy looking sad artful j as a jobbing- plamber.- It -was evident tJsey j took roe for sKosthing tnrnense. ** Then up jumped one aad began poiating, making extraordinary gestares to me. as he did so, aad all tha pifljers. began sharing their attention between me and something out at sea. J Wbafs sie-matter sow?' I said. I termed sio-orly, on account of^my dignity, and there I saw, coming roand & point, the poor old Prids of Banya, towed by a couple of caEoes. Tie 'aght fairly made me sck. But tiey evidently expaetsd some recoamiiabn, so I waved my arms in a. striking, sort-of non committal maziaer. And then I turned and stalked oa towards the trees again, At that time I was praying Hke mad, I remember, over and over again, * Ijord, help me through ?with it* If s only fools who know nothing of dangers can afford to laugh at praying. ' Bui these nissers -weren't . solas' to let me walk through and away like that. They started a kind of 'bo wing aad invoking dance abont me, and sort of pressed me- to take a pathway that lay through the trees. It was clear to me they didn't take me for a British citizea. whatever else, they thought of ttk^ aad for my part I was never less 'anxious to own ap to my nationality. ' Tou'd hardly believe it, perhaps, *r'-pps you're familiar with savages, but these poor misguided ignorant creatures took me straight to their kind of joss place, to present me to the blessed old black stone there. ** By this rims! was beginning to sort of realise the depths of their ignorance, aad directly I set eyes on tine deity I took my cue. I started a baritone howl ' Wow- wow,' very long on one note — -and began wavins: my arms about a Jot, and then very eknriy and ceremonioDsly turned their image over oa its side and sat down on it. I wanted to at down badly, for diving dresses ain't much as wear ia the tropics, or to put it more pie claely, they're a sight too much. It took away their breath, I coold see, my sitting in their -joss, but in less than a minute tiey made up their minds aad were hard at -work worshipping me. And I can tell you I felt a ia spite of the weight on my shoulders aad feet. 'Bnt what msde me anxious was what the chaps in the canoes might think -when they came back. If they'd saen me in tfc'e boat before I went down and without the helmet on — for they might have been spying and hiding since overnight — they would possibly take a different view from the others. I was ia a deuce of a stew about that for hours, as it seemed,- natil die shindy of the arrival began. ' But they took it down, the whole blessed villae-e took it down. At die tost of tittino up, stiff aad stern, as much TiVa those stitj'tg Egyptian figures one sees as I could manage, for prettv nearly twelve hours, 1 should guess, at least, on. end, I saved my life and secured the situation. I don't thlsk any of them dreamt of the man iaside. I trass just a wonderful -leathery great joss that had eome up with luck out of the -water. But the larionjA' the, h*n±i thp^lwasilv fJnaMiftss ' the mackintosnes and the rum 3 the perpetual ' They lit a stinking fire on a \rinA of lava slab there was before me, and brought in a lot of gory mock — the worst parts of what a bit hungry, but I understand now how gods manage io do without eating, -jrith the smell of burnt offerings abont them. And they brought in a.lot of the stuff they'd got off the brig, and what I was a bit relieved to see, the Mad of pneumatic pomp thai was used for the compressed air affair, and thea a lot of chaps and gids came in and danced about me something disgraceful. 'Ifs extraordinary ths draereat ways different people have of showing respect. If I'd had a hatchet hanjJr TA l9ril ,w™« * ? tne lot or them, they made me feel so wild with them. Ail this time I sat as stif! as company, not knowing anythiasr better to do. And at last when nightfall came, aad the wattle joss-house place got a bit too shadowy tor their taste— all these here eavaees are' afraid of the dark, you kaow— ther built big bonfires Outside and left ms alnno .?r» -r^-~c i the darkness of my hut, free to unscrew mv windows a bit and think thinss over, and feel just as bad as I liked. 'I was weak aad hungry, and mv mind kept oa behaving like a beetle on a pin tremendous activity and nothing done at the ead of it, come round just where it was be-^ fore. There was the treasure down there in the Ocean Pioneer, and how one misnt get it and hide it somewhere safe and ^st anaj Mutume uacs jont. ina there was the puzzle where to get anything to eat. I tell you I was fair rambling. I was afraid to ask by signs for food, for fear of seeming too human : so there I sat and hungered until very near the dawn. _ 'Thea the village got a bit quiet aad I went out aud stole some stuff like artichokes n a po^1 and some sour milk. What was left or these I pus_ away among the other tastes. Andjn fee rnonuag they came to worship :-nd ffm^.4 me sitdns- np stiff and respectable on then:. prCw^ - -i. iust as they-dlertme overnight. Fd gui jI. :,„..-'- against the central pillar of the hot, ana, practically, I was asleep. And thaf s how ' uesime a goa among the heathens— a false god, ao doubt, and blasphemous, but one can t always pick and choose. ''Sow, I don't wantto crack myself up as a god beyond my merits, bat I mast confess that while I was god to these people tfier were really extraordinarily successful. J don t say there's anything in it, mind you They won-a battle with another tribe— I got a lot of offerings I didn't want throujrli Sfr— they had wonderful fishing, and the crop of pourra was exceptionally fine. And tber also counted the capture of the brig amon» my benevolent proceedings. I must say I don't think that was a poor record for a per fectly new hand. And, though perfiapa you d scarcely credit it, I was the tribal god' of those beastly savages for pretty neariv four months. -..-.. 'What else could I do, man!? But I didn't wear that diving dress all the time: I made em rig roe up a. sort of holy of holies : and a deuce of a time I had too, toakimr them understand what it was I wanted thorn' to do fiat indeed was the great difS^ultv— makia- hem understand my commands. 'lcouldn'1 let myself down by talking their If Jo badly even rf rd been able to speak ar all ana^f f£2~n t«jPT™W18 a lot of gestures at Oiem.. J-o ,.I arew pictures. in sand and sat down beade thsm and hooted like one-o'clock Somefames they did the things r wanted all lSynt-.'SDII ?EnmAhmaefliaf JiJ XI ? _»? n, r — '.~ — ---.-™loi«c, uiu mem an wron' xney ivere always verv willing. = L ''^Jjthe whHe J '^ P^zlmg how I vas ? ^T Z? °° ^nfomided bosiness setfled. Everv nigbfc before the dawn, I used to march out in foil n- and go off to a place where I could see the channel in which Use Ocean Pioneer ; lay sunk, and once even, one moonlight night, I tried to -tralir out io. her,- bat the oreads, aad rock^ and dark dean beat me. I didn't get back rill-fall day, aad iheo I foond iTl tbose sjUy niggers out on-ths-beaeh pray- ; -:ag- their sea god to retnrn to {hem. I was , That vwxao1 and tired, messing- and torobUing about, and cfnuiog up and going down asraia, 1 *onW »-«e punched tiieir ally beads ail ,-iocuk7 *m bangea if I like so muA.ceremsny. 'And &ea; am the missionary. It -was in the, afternoon, aad I was siting in state in mi- ontsr tunnle nlace. attinff OEf.iiiat ole black stone of thexr?, when he came. I hear! a row outside aad jabbering-, and then his voice spaakinjr. to an interpreter. 'Tney worship stocks aad stones,' be said, and I knew what -was up in & flash. * ' I had oae of my windows out;, for comfort, aad I sang- oat strsigbt away on tbe soarof tbe moment. 'Stocks aad stomesJ* Tsays. * You come inside,' I saisy-'and m punch your blooming head.' 'There, was a, kind of silence, aad more jabbering, and ia he came, Bible in hand, after tie manner of them, a littiaraaady-chay in spacs, aad a pith, helmet. I flatter myself that me sitting there in the^ shadows, with toy copper headandtny big gaziiles, stmckhim a bit of a heap a* ficst ??'-* Well,' I saja, ' Siw's the trade in calko?' For I don't hold with misskmaries. \- 'I had & lark with that missionary. He was a raw Land, and quite outclassed with a man Hke ins. He gasped out who I was, and I told him to read the inscription at my feet if be -wanted to know. Down lie goes to read it, ana ms lnterpreta-, bang ot course as superstrtioua as any of them, took it as an act of worship aad plumped like a shot. AH my people gave & kind of hosi of triumph, and there wasn't any more business to be done in my Tillage after titat journey, not by the likes of him. 'Bui of course I -was a fool to choke him ofi like that. If Pd had any ssase I should ha^-e told him straightaway of the treasure, and taken him into company. A child cooH have seen the oooneetaon between my diving dress and the kss of fhs Ocean Pioneer. A week after he left I w&t; out one mmmg and saw the Motherhood, the salvers' ship from Starr- ffi^f*** towing up /*Karmf3 . and sounding.' The whole blessed game was up, aad all my trouble thrown away. Gummy ! How wild r fdt ! - AWJ guying it in that stinking oTiy dress !' ? Tie sunburnt man's . story degenerated again. ?.'??? \- 'Thiakof it!' hs said; 'forty thousand ponnds' irordi of gtM P' - ** Oh, yes, blsffi him I Asd he pledged his reputation thare was a man. indie die god, aad started out to see as much with immense ceremony. ' But there wasn't — be got sold again. I always did hate scenes and explanations, and long- before he came I was out of it ill — going home to Banya along ihe coast. 2to clothes, no money, nothing. And just a squeak of eight thousand pounds of gold. But the natives cut up rusty, thank goodness, because they thousht it was him had driven iib&r; lock away.' 