BEMIARDT'S " HAMLET." j Reiply to Criticism. i Madame EAarah Bernhardt has addressed the following- letter to London "Daily Tele- Igraph": — Dear Sir, — Y am unable to reply tq all the criticisms wlileh have been made upon me, but i there are, hoiwever, some which I should like 'to answer. , I/am reproached with being, too sprightly, itoo' "mannish!." It would appear that- In" England oner must present Hamlet as a me- ; lancholy pre i fessor of Wlttemberg, but I qs- sume— becau ise Shakespeare himself says so— that Ha'mles; was a '/student" of Wlttem- ;berg. " - . It is said d'hat I do not play the tradition. But where lb the tradition? Each actor haa his own. I aim reproached for having mould ed my role riccordlng to the sixteenth century. Quite so! Khe time of Hamlet Is undoubtedly the eleventh! century, if the ferocity of the play Is consii'lercd; but Its philosophy is much more recent, and the train of thought Is that of a man less savage and more polIslle«. Then, again, Shakespeare speaks of cannons, of. salvos of.' artillery, and uses a thousand other technical words which are of the six teenth centuxy, and not of the eleventh. I am reproached with not being sufficiently astoplshed, mot sufficiently dumbfounded, when I see thi£ ghost. But Hamlet comes ex pressly to set: it; he awaits It, and utters these words, 'jT will speak .to It, though hell Itself should gqpe and bid me hold my peace." These are not tihe words of a weak or languid person. When the ghost wants to take him aside, he draws) his sword against his friends, and threatens .to kill them If they will not let him pass. Thqt does not bespeak a feeble man. ; : Hamlet dreams when he is alone, but In company he speaks— speaks to conceal his thoughts. ; ... " I am reproaohikl with not being polite enough with Fodonlus; hut Shakespeare makes Hamlet say all kinds of unpleasant things to lfim. , When Folonius rjays to him,. "My honour able Lord, I will mpst humbly take my leave of you," Hamlet ireplles, "You cannot, sir, take from me anytltlng that I will more wil lingly part withal." Really I do not lfcnow a more cutting or better merited reply. ; In the. Oratory scene- 1 am reproached with .going too near the King; but If Hamlet wishes: to kill, the King surely he must be close to him. And when he hears him pray words of repentance, he thinks that If he kills him he will: send, htm to I-Ieaven; and. he dae3 not kill the'. King, not because be Is vacillating, and weak, .but because he Is firm and logical. He wishes: to kill him In a state of sin, not of repentance; for he desires to send him to hell and not .to heaven. Some Wish to see in Hamlet a womanish, hesitating, flighty mind. . To me he seems a manly, re solute, but thoughtful heltng! As -soon as Hamlet gathers what is in his father's mind, and learns! of his murder, he ft-rms the resolution to aveinge him; but as he Is the opposite of Othello — who acts first, and thinks, afterwards— Hamlet thinks before- he acts, which Is the sign of great strength and great power of mind. Hamlet loves Ophelia. Hie renounces his love! He renounces study! He renounces everything— In order to . gain his object. And hb, attains it. He kills the King while In the blackest and most mortal sin; /hut he kills him only when he is absolutely sure. When he 13 sent to Englarod lie takes the first . opportunity of leaping alone Into an enemy's vessel, and announces his name that he may be made prisoner, certain that he will be brought back. He calmly sends Rosencrahtz and Gulldenstern to death. All this bespeaks a young, strong, and determin- 'ed character. ' When he dreams, It is of his plan— of his vengeance. . If God had not forbidden sui cide he would have killed himself In disgust 'of the world. But since he cannot kill him self/ he will kill! To conclude, Sir. permit ine to say that Shakespeare by his colossal genius belongs to the universe, and that a French, a Ger man, or a Russian brain has the right to ad mire and to understand him.- SARAH BERNHARDT. London, June 16, 1899. 