CRAZY HOUSES. MANIACS BUILT OF BRICK STONE. AND When you go house-hunting, and ortp across a nice, little villa at an absurdly lorf ien;, don't oe in a hurry to move into it. A good house is generally worth a good rent, and you may depead there is something wrong with it if it is offered you for next to nothing.- Though sutrounded on all sides by beautiful trees and flowery meadows, a pretty house in a Northern county is always empty, and hasn't had a tenant for five years. Even the man who built it cannot live in it, fir it is mad—totally aud inexplicably mad. The people who oncc occupied it never felt certain of getting a night's rest, for no sooner did they close their eyes than the house woull give a series of bone- shaking lumps, and keep on jumping until the whole house were astir. Then it would stop, and hot a single article would be found i.i its proper place. In vain dio the landlord employ skilled men to discover <vhat was amiss ; they could tell hiu. nothing, fcr the house hid ac* moved i single inch, and the foundations were quite firm. Sti anger still,' the «onvulsions never occurred inthe,daytime but alw-iys ait night, when all the light3 ha3 gone out, and the fire had grown cold. An Irish farmhouse is haunted, not by ghosts or hobgoblins; but by a mighty - waterfall, .vhich rushes anl roars like Niagara itself, and completely drowns the cackling of the hens and the iowing of the cows. For months at a stretch everything will be just as usu.tlat the little farm, and then, *iih a noise resembling the bursting of a great reservoir, the cataract will bsgin, and boil and bubble and splash until the tenants, driven almost wild, seek refuge in neighbouring houseb. It is said that this astonishing phenomenon is due to perfectly natural cuuses, and that the pressnre of a spring under the house sufficiently accounts for the noise ; but the superstitious inhabitants have long since dubbed the pUce "Crazj Farm," audits tenants <.re constantly changing. You need to have all your wits about; you when you r?nter a'cutain ccttage in :he heart of a famous seaport. It is a most ordinary building, nat one jot differen., from the other houses in the row, but whsn you open the empty kitchen cupboard something inside it laughs at you—a deliberate, marrow-freezing laugh, which nukes yon turn hot and cold all down your spine. Scores of strong men and women have opened that cupboard ioor, knowing what to expect, and yet have never dared to repeat the experiment. Oue man declared that 5he weird laugh echoed and re- echoed in hid brain for ujoitks after he had heard it, and that it was years before he could opfu a e'upboaru door again without shuddering. The landlord is thinking of having the crazy cottage altered no v, and hop s in this way to fathom a mystery 1 which has never oeen satisfactorily explained. A.n eccentric.maiden tedy who Uj»d to dwell in a lonely house in Scociaud left it- because she was c »nvinjed that she would be jeopar 'ising her Hie by staying. Often as she sai in her shair she wcul't SHB the walls gradually closing upon her as though ab-utto crush her t) death, and they cauie so near that she coull alaiost touch the wallpaper aud the pictures. Theo she would jump up in terror, aud the walls would recede slowly as slie waited towards them. Lest sceptical people should accuse the dear old lady of, having partaken too freely of strong waters, it is here s -atel that she was a stoui.ci) teetotaler, and that the experience she speaks "»f has befallen more than one tenant of the same craz> house. Wif* : " Do you really love cue, my pet? Husbdirl : I adcre yju. my swept, and anx prepared to fiive y.u any proaf o£ :he fact oct exceeding five poinds.' 