LaTlng of the Oorucr Stone of St, Andrew's Tower. ' '?? . Yetterday afternoon the iut resting ceremony of laying Ibo corner slone of St. Andrew's Tower was performed. The atone was suspended orer the place it was to bo laid at ths hour appointed, 3 o'elook, and R. Maddrell, Esq., who was appointed to lay the atoDe, Miss Maddrell and Mrs. Douglas, Ms datightets, were seated at theunrlh-weatcorntr where the atone was logo. The Rig'n Rev. Dr. Chalmers, Kishop of Goulburn, andxh* Rev. J. S. Dobaun, the Reutor. followed bv ths ladies and geotlemenof the ch'iir, then arrived on the ground, s.on the proceed ings were cumin.'iiced byaiuging the 391st Hymn, ' The Holy City, New Jerusalem,' Mr J. Higgfu«, (beorganitt, pretiJIug at the organ. ThechAotiugof prayem aud psalms by^the Bishop & choir, tbeu followed, aftei whiohtbo 397th.Hymn was «*ug, ' The Cnuroh's oue foitudatioa Is Jesus Christ, her Lord.' The Bev. Mr. Dubsjn then asdrused his Lord ship the Bishop and the people assembled and exp'aiped how it had been the great aim of himself, the Cnurehwardens and tlie parithioners during the years that had passed since he had had ths good fortune to have charge of ths pariah to erect a church worthy of tbe parish and the people, and this high object bad elicited tbe sympathy of all. The most generous gifts and donations had poured iu from all parts of ths district, and. foremost, emougat these generous contributors was his friend, hit. iyUtliirell, who loveil his church so stuserely and devotedly and who after subscribing so liberally lo the building fund in the past end clearing off the debt on it after it -Was erected, determined to build at his own cost this -tower of which he had been askcl to lay the corner stone, and wbieh. woulfi stand for ages to como as a tnooumcxt of his fleueroai y an I of bis high Cbiistiancharacter. At theclosoof the ceremony and after, tbe Bishop's address an offertory would be taken by the consent of Mr. Maidretl, the proceeds of which would bs handed to the Churchwardens to carry out some necessary work to the Church. On behalf of the Churchwardens and the parishioners be begged to tinder his thanks to his Lordship the Bishop for his visit to them on this important occasion and ,i!so to thank the generous douor who was bearing the coat of the erection pf the tower, who, he hopc.l, and they all hoped, would bo spared for many j'esis to worship within its walls. Tlie atone having boea lowered and p'aced iu poaitfim by Mr. Donald, one of the contractors. Air. sladilrtll Upped it with the mallet, according to .he old-eslunlianed custom, declaring et the same time, 'In ths faith of Jesus Chritt, aud in the iiami of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost this stooa is laid.' Upon the stoua was engraved, ' This stone was laid by Robert Maddrell, Beder valc. Ma»«. 1ROQ.' The Biahop then aidrcctej a few remarks appro priate to (he occasion. He sei I hs was pleased to see Mr. Maddrell present among them, and he hoped he would be epurei to be present at the derivation of the structure when it was completed. It was not every place that had a.Mr, Maddrell, and he hoped they would make the uvst of him while they had him. He tendered him his bearty thicks fur ihe great work he had undertaken in tha buildiug of Uii« tower. The maguiGaeiit gift would amount' to £1500. In travelling through thiscibny t ey f oun I in all the country io*us the moct important buildings were the courthouse and the gaol. Now be did uot see why the churches should not be *s conspicuous in the adornment of thecouutry towns as the other buildings. They were so iu liug'aild and ou the Continent, where the inoet beautiful structures were everywhere erected to the glory of God. The light rev. pre late concluded his very interesting addresB by observing that the buiMing of mull edifices was a testimony of the people having tome higher aim in thin world than to merely crawl about like ants, and that th.j tower wbcii it was completed would poiut to the home in the heave nB prepared by tbtir Father for his faithful servants. A collection was then taken and the proceedings cloBed wiihs-Dgiug mud prayt-r. There were from 2jO to 300 pcrfeoos present, who all evioced great interest in the ceremony throughout. 