THE WEAPONS OF MYSTERY. BY JOSEPH HOCKING. Author of "All Men are Liars," "The Story of Andrew Fairfax," &c.; CHAPTER X VII.—USJNG THE ENE MY'S WEAPONS. Two months passed, and no tidings of Kaffur—at feast none that were worthy ; of consideration. The detectives had'done all that men could do; they had made every enquiry possible, they had set on foot do zens of schemes; but all in vain. Voltaire, who had been closely watched, was appa rently living a quiet, harmless life, and was not, so far as could be seen, in communi cation with him. I had done all that I could do myself. 1 had followed in Eng land every possible clue, all of which had ended in failure. Three months passed. Still no reliable news. One detective fancied he had detec ted him in Constantinople; another was equally certain lie had, at the same time, seen him in Berlin. 1 became almost mad with despair. The first of December had come, and I was not a step nearer finding the man whose presence would free roe from Voltaire's villainous charge. That which troubled me most was the fact that I did not know whether he were alive. Even if 1 did not kill hun, perhaps Voltaire had got him out of the way so that he might fasten the guilt on me. "What, after all," was the thought that maddened me, "if he should be lying at the bottom of Drearwater Bond?" There were only twenty-four more days now. Three weeks and Utree days, and I knew not what to do. If 1 failed, my love would marry the man who was worse than a fiend, while 1, for whom she was to suffer this torture, was unable to help her. And yet I had tried, <?od alone knows how; but only to fail. Htill, there were twenty-four days; but what were they? Kaffar, if lie were alive, might he in -Africa, Australia—no one knew where. 1 saw no hope. A week more slipped by. There were only seventeen days left now. 1 was sitting in my room, anxiously waiting for the t'onti- ! nental mail, and any telegrams which might arrive. 1 heard the postman's knock, and in a minute more letters were brought in. t Eagerly 1 opened those which came front j the detectives, and feverishly read them. "•Still in the dark; nothing discovered"— : that summed up the long reports they sent j me. 1 read the other letters; there was 1 nothing in them to help me. j Still another week went by. Only ten j days were wanting to Christmas Eve,'and 1 ' knew no more of Kaffnr's whereabouts than 1 did on the day when 1 defied Vol- j taire and started on my search. Again re ports from the detectives came, and still no news. Eo doubt, by this, Voltaire was gloating over his victory, while 1 was nearly mad with despair. Only ten days! I must do something:. It ■was my duty, at all hazards, to free tier t.mde Forrest ffj-oin Voltaire. That was lilain. J oculd not tind the Egyptian, and ' thus it was probable i had killed him as had been said. What must I do? This, and this only. 1 must go to {Scotland Yard and relate to the authorities my whole story. .1 must teil them of Voltaire's in fluence over me, and that it was probable 1 that I had, while held under a mesmerist's spell, killed the man j had been trying to tind. This was all. it might bring this villain under suspicion, and if so it would hinder him from exacting the fulfilment of (leitrudo Forrest's promise. it was at best but an uncertain venture, but it was a!) ] could do. I owed it to the woman ! loved. It. was my duty to make tbis sacriliee. I would do it. J wasted no time: 1 pat on my overcoat and walked to Scotland Yard. 1 put my hand upon the door of the room which 1 know belonged to one of the ofiicials, to whom i determined to repoit my ease. .1 thought of the words 1 should say, "STOP!"' i am sure J hoard that. word, clear and distinct. Where it came from 1 new not; hut it was plain to me. An idea hashed into my mi ml. Mad. mad, I must have been, never to have thought of it before. Ten days! Only ten days! Hut much might be done even yet. 1 rushed away and got into St. da mes's Park, and there, in comparative (juiciness, i began to think. The clouds began to dispel, the difficulties began to move away. Surely J. had Int upon a plan at last, a plan on which I should have thought at the outset. 1 walked on towards Westminster Abbey, still working out my newly-conceived idea, and when there jumped into a cab. Yes, I remembered the address, for 1 had seen it only the day before, so 1 told the cabman to drive to ——■ street, Chelsea. 1 was right. There on the door was the name of the man J had hoped to find—Pro fessor Von Yirchow. 1 paid the cabman, and knocked at the door with a healing heart. A sallow-faced girl opened the door, and asked my business. Was Professor Yircbow at home? Yes, he was at home, but would be en gaged fur the next quarter of ail hour; after that, lie i-ould see me on business connected with his profession. ] was accordingly ushered into a musty room, which sadly wanted light and air. The quarter of an hour dragged slowly away, when the sailow-faeed girl again ap peared, saying that Professor Von \ iivhir.v would he pleased to see me. ] followed her into an apartment that was fitted up like a doctor's consulting room. Here 1 found the. man J had come to see. lie was a 1 iltic-man, about live feet four indies high. He iiad, however, a big head, a prominent forehead, and keen grey eyes, lie wore gold-rimmed spectacles, and "was evidently well fed and on good terms with himself. "You are a professor of mesmerism and clairvoyance, 1 believe';" I began. "That is my profession," said the litile man, stiffly. "Then 1 am in hopes that you may be able to help me in my difficulty." "I shall lie pleased to help you," he said, still stiffly. "Can yon," I went on, "tell the where abouts of a man whom 1 may describe to you';'' "That is very vague," was the reply. "Your description may be incorrect, or a bundled men might answer to it. I would promise nothing under such conditions." "Perhaps 1 had belter tell my s.ory," 1 said. "1 think, you hail," said the little profes sor, quietly! "On the 2nd of January of the present j year," 1 said, "a man disappeared in the iiiglit from a place in Yorkshire. He is an ligvptian, and easily distinguished. A gee;.-* deal depends on finding him al onee. Ever since lUav, endeavours have been made to track liini, but without success." ■"Perhaps be is dead," said the professor, "Perhaps so; but even then it is impor ftant to know. Can jou help me to Sod out his whereabouts?" "Undoubtedly I can; hut I must have good photograph of him. Have you one?" "I have not. "Could you obtain one?" "I think not," "But this man has been seen by many people. Could not sonic one you know, and wim knows iiiin, sketch'a faithful likeness from memory?" "ldo not know of any one." "Then 1 could not guarantee to find him. You see, 1 cannot work miracles. 1 can. only work through certain laws which I have been fortunate enough either to recog nise or discover; but there must ever be some data upon which to go, and, you see, you give me none that is in the least satis factory." "Perhaps you can," T said, "if I relate to you all the circiunslauco? connected with what is, I think, a somewhat remarkable story." I had determined to tell this little nran every circumstance which might lead to Kaffar's discovery, especially those which happened in Yo-rkshire. It seemed my only resource, and I felt that somehow some thing would come of it. I therefore briefly related what I have written in this story. "That man who mesmerized yon is very clever," said the Professor quietly, when I had finished. "It was very unfortunate' for von that you should have matched yourself witli such a one. Ifis plot was well worked out in every respect. He only made a mis take in one thing." "And that?" "He thought it impossible that you should ever be freed from his power without his consent. Stiff it was 'a well-planned affair. The story, the ghost, the quarrel—it was all well done." "I fail to see what pai-t the ghost had in the matter," I said. The Professor smiled. "No?" he said. "AVeil, T should not think it was a vital part of his plan, but it was helpful. He calculated upon (he young lady's supersti tious tun ics. Tie knew what vim particular form in which the ghost, appeared portend ed, and it filled in will) his scheme of mur der. Evidently lie wanted tlie young lady to believe in your guilt, and thus give liim greater t-hancc of success. Ah, he is a clever m.-tn." ■•'But," 1 asked anxiously. "Van yon tell mi* Kaffar's whereabouts now?'' "No, ] cannot— that is, not to-day." "When, then?"'" "T may not be able to do so at all. Tt all depends on one man."' hat is he?" "Simon Slowdeu. T think you railed him." ''Simon Slowden! How can he help us?" "Evidently lie is snseepf iblc to mesmeric influences, and he knows the man you wish to find. Hut (lie difficulty lies here. Is ho sufficiently susceptible?" "Is that (lie ouly hope?"' "All I can see at present. I was going to suggest that you be thrown into a mesmeric sleep: hut you could not lie depended on. The experiences which you have bad would make you very uncertain." "Then your advice is " ".Send for this man at once. If he fails well, 1 have another alternative." "May I know what?" "Xo, not now." "Answer me this. Do yon think 1 killed | Kafl'ar, the Egyptian?" "No, I do not; but your enemy intended you should." "Why did 1 not, then?" "Heeanse the Egyptian also possessed .1 mesmerist's power, and hindered you. At | any rate, such is my opinion. I am not sure;" and the little man looked very wise. "Expect us early to-morrow morning," 1 said, and then went away to the nearest telegraph oHioe, with a lighter heart than 1 had known for many long months. The little professor had given me some hope. The matter was still enshrouded in mystery, but still ] thought I had found a possible solution. "Send Simon Slowdcii to me at enety" ]' telegraphed. "Extremely important. Wire back immediately the time 1 mav expect biui." Anxiously 1 waited for an answer. Al though the message was flashed will) light ning speed, it seemed a long time in coining. At length it came, and 1 read as follows:— "fSlowden will come by train leaving Leeds 11.38. Meet him at St. l'ancras." 1 immediately caught a cab and drove to '.lower-street, and, on looking at my time table, 1 found that the train mentioned in the telegram arrived in London at 5.15. This would do splendidly. I could get Simon to my room and give him some breakfast, and then, after a little rest., drive direct to the professor's. 1 need not say 1 was early at .St. Paneras the following morning. 1 had scarcely slept through the night, and anxiously awaited the appearance of the train. It swept into the station in good time, and, to my great relief and delight, I saw ,Simon appear on the platform, looking as stolid and imper turbable as ever. We were not long in reaching Gowcr fitreet, where Simon enjoyed a good break* histj after which we drew up our chairs before the cheerful lire and began to talk. "J)id you have a good journey, Simon?" 1 asked. "Slept like the seven sleepers of the patriarch, sin-, ail the way from Leeds." "And you don't feel tired now?" "Not a bit, ycr honour." "Then," 1. said, "J want to explain to you a Jew things that must have appeared strange." Accordingly 1 told him of Voltaire's in fluence over me, and what came out of it. "Why, sur," said (Simon, when J had finished, "that 'ere wiliain must be wuss nor a hinlidel; he must be the Old Nick in the garret. And do you mean to say, sur, that that "ere beautiful Miss Forrest, who Tve put down for yon, is goin' to git married to that 'ere somnamblityin' waeehi atiiT wiliain, if his dutiful mate ain't a found before Chrismas Jive?" "Only nine days, Simon." "But it mustn't be, ycr honour." "So 1 say, Simon; and that's why I've sent for you." "But I can't do nothink much, eur. All my wits hev bin vaccinated away, and my blood is puddled like, which liev affected the workin' o'" my brains; and you see all your detective chaps have failed." "But 1 shan't fail if you help me." "Help you, Mr. Blake? Von know I will." "tiimoii, you offered to be my friend, now nearly a year ago." "Ay, and this 'ere is a lad as'll stick to his offer, sur, and mighty proud to do so." "Well theu, I'm in hopes we si;a 11 suc ceed." "How, yer honour?" "By lighting Voltaire with his own weapons." "What, waeeinatiu'?" "By mesmerism and clairvoyance, Simon." "And who's the cliap as lev got to be wucuinutcd—or mesmerized, as you call it?" "You, if vou will, Simon." "Me, sir?'' said Simon, aghast. "If you -will." "Well, I said after that 'ere willain ex perimented on me iu Yorkshire, I never would again; but if it's for you, sur—why, here goes; I'm purty tough. But how's it to be done?" Then I told him of my interview with the professor, and how be had told me that only he—Siiuon—could give the neces sary help. "Let's o(T at once, yer liououi'," cried Simon. "I'm willin' fur anything if you can git-the liuppcr 'ami of that 'ere willain and his. other self. Nino days, sur—only nine days. Let's git to the vaccina tor. I'd rather have smallpox a dozen times than you should be knocked overboard by sich as he." I was nothing loth, and so, although it .was still early, we were soon in a cab on our way to the professor's. On arriving we were immediately shown in, and the little man soon made his appearance. "Ah, you've brought him?" said he. "I'm glad to see you so prompt. Would you inind taking this chair, my friend?"—to Simon. "That's it, thank you. You've been travelling all night, and are a little tired, 1 expect. No? Well, it's well to be strong and able to bear fatigue. There, look at inc. Ah, that's it." With that lie put his fingers 011 Simon's forehead, and my humble friend was un conscious of what was going on around him, "He's veiy susceptible: but- I am afraid he has not- been under this influence a aufi cieut number of times for liis vision to be clear. Still, we'll try.—Simon!" "That's me," said Simon, sleepily. "Do you see Kaffar, the Egyptian?" lie looked around as if in doubt. His eyes had a vacant look about them, and yet there seemed a certain amount of intel ligence displayed—at any rate, it seemed so to me. "I see lots of people, all dim like," said Bimon slowly; "but I can't tell no faces. They all seem to be covered wi' a kind o' mist." "Hook again," said the professor. "You can see more clearly now. Sunon peered again and again, and then said, "Yes, I can see him; but he looks all strange, lie's a-shaved off his whiskers, and hev got a sort o' red cap, like a baisin on his head." My heart gave a great bound, lvaffar Was not dead. Thank Clod for that. "Where is lie?" "I am tryin' to see, but I can't. Every thing is misty. There's a black fog a-com in' up." "Wait a few minutes," said the professor, "and then we'll try him again." Presently he spoke again. "Now," lie said, "what do you see?" But Simon did not reply, lie appeared in a dee]) sleep. "I thought as much," said the little man. "Has nature has not been sulliciently pre pared for such work. 1. suppose you had breakfast before you came here?" I assured him that Simon had breakfasted on kidneys and bacon; after which he had made considerable inroads into a cold chicken, with perchance half a pound of cold ham to keep it company. Besides which he hud taken three large breakfast cups ol" chocolate. "All, that explains something. Still, 1 think wc have done a fair morning's work. .We've seen that our man is alive." "But do you think there is any hope of finding him?" "I'm sure there is; only be patient." "But what must I do?"' "Well, take this man to see some of the fights of London until 3 o'clock, then come home to dinner. After dinner he'll he sleepy Let, him sleep, if he will, until 9 o'clock; then bring linn here again but let him have no supper until after 1 have done with him." "Nine o'clock to-night! Why, do you know that takes away another day? There will only want eight clear days to Christmas live." "I can't help that, sir," said the little professor, testily; "you should have come before. But that is the way. Our science, which is really the queeu of sciences, is dis l'egarded; only one here and there comes to us, hud then we are treated as no other scientific man would be treated. Never mind, our day will come. One day all the sciences shall bow the knee to us, for we are the real interpreters of the mysteries of nature." I apologized for my impatience, which lie gravely accepted, and then woke Simon from his sleep. "Where am I?" cried Simon. "Where've I been?" "I can't tell," said the professor. "I wish I could, for then our work would lie accom plished." "Have you bin ta-wacchialin' j»e?" said Simon. The little mail looked to me for explana tion. "He calls everything mysterious by that name," I t-aid. " 'Cause," continued Simon, "I thought as how you waccinators, or mesmerists, made passes, as they ca.LI 'em, and waved your hands 'about, and like that." "Hid that Mr. Voltaire, I think you call him. make passes?" asked the professor. "He!" said Simon. "He ain't no ordinary man. He's got dcalin's with old Nick, lie hew He didn't come near me, nor touch me, and I wur sleepin' afore 1 could think of my grandmother." "dust so; he is no ordinary man. He's a real student of psychology, lie is. He has gone beyond the elements of our profession. I despise the foolish things which these quacks of mesmerism make silly people do in order to please a gaping-moutlied audi ence. It is hue I call myself a Professor of Mesmerism land Clairvoyance, but it would be more correct to call ine a practical psychologist. You'll attend to my wishes with regard to our friend, won't you? Good morning." I will not try to describe how I passed the day. It would be wearisome to the (reader to tell him how often I looked at any watch and thought of the precious (hours that were flying; neither will I speak of my hopes and fears with regard to this Sdea of finding Kaffar's whereabouts by means of clairvoyance. Suffice it to say, I was in a state of feverish anxiety when we drove up to .the professor's door that night, about half-past nine. _ We did not wait a minute before opera tions were commenced. Simon was again in a mesmeric sleep, or whatever the reader an ay be pleased ito call it, in a few seconds after be had sat down. Von Virehow began by asking the same question he had asked in the morning — 13o you see Kaffar, the Egyptian ?" I wailed in breathless silence for llie an swer. Simon 'heaved a deep sigh, and peered wearily around, while the professor kept his eye steadily upon him:. Do you see Kaffar, the Egyptian?" re peated he. "Yes, I sec him," said Simon, at length. "Where?" "That's what Fm trying to find out," said Siinou. "The place ls strange; the people talk in a strange tongue. I can't make 'em out." '"What do you see mow?" said the profes sor, touching bis forehead. '"Oh, ah, I see now," said Simon. "It's a railway station, and I see that 'ere wil lain there, jest as eunum' as ever. He's a gettiu' in the train, he is." "Can you see the name of the station?" "No, I can't. It's a biggish place, it is, and I can't see no name. Stay a minute, 'though. 1 see now." "Well, what's the name?" ' it's a name as I never see or heard tell on before. Ji-o-l-o —ah, that's iL; Bologna, that's it. Ji is a queer name though, ain't it?" "Well, what now?" "Why, he's in the Uain, and it's storied, it is." "Do you know where he's going?" "No.'' "But he has a ticket; can't you see it?" "Course I can't-, it's in his pocket, and I can't see through the cloth, _1 can't." "And what's he doing now?" "Why, he's in for mukiu' hisself comfor table, 'lie is. He's got a piller, and he's Rt ret chin' hisseTf on. the seat and layin' his head on the piller. There, he's closed his eyes—he's off to sleep." The professor turned to me. "I am afraid we -can do no more to-night," he said. "Evidently he is on a journey, and we must wait until he arrives at his des tination." '"■But can't Slowden remain as he is and watch him?" "The tiling would he at once cruel and preposterous, sir. No, you must come again in the morning; then, perchance, he will have finished his journey ;" and accordingly lie proceeded to awake Simon', After all, it did not matter so much. It was now in o ciocic, ana ± coma ao noimng that night in .any case. "I do not know but thht I am glad that tilings are as they are," continued the pro fessor. "This second sleep will enable him to see more clearly to-morrow. Meanwhile, consider yourself fortunate. If the Egyp tian stops anywhere in Italy, it will be pos sible for you to reach hini and bring him back within the time you mention. Take heart, my friend. Good-bye for the time. I shall expect you early to-morrow." lS:o sooner were we in the street than Simon began to fisk me what he had told inc, for 1! found he was entirely ignorant of the things lie had said. "'Who'd 'a thought it?" he said musingly, when I had told him. "Who'd 'a thought as 'ow I should bassist in a waccinatin'busi ness like this 'ere! Tell 'ee, yer 'onour, I shall believe in ghosts and sperrits again soon. Fancy me la- seei.n' things in Italy and teliin' 'em to you without lniowiu' any thing about it! Well, but 'twill be grand if wc can find 'im yer honour, won't it then?'' 1 spent a sleepless night, harassed by a thousand doubts and fears. There, in the quiet of my room, all this mesmerism and clairvoyance seemed only so much hocus pocus, which no sensible and well-educated man should have anything to do with. Still, it was my only hope, and it- only want ed eight days to Christinas Eve. Only one little -week and a. day, that was all, and (hen, if I. did not produce Kn filar, all was lost. It would lie li,o use to go Miss For rest's house in Kensington and tell her that Simon fjlowdeu had, while in a mesmeric sleep, seen Kalfar in Italy. No, no; that would never do. T must produce him, noth ing else would suffice. We were early at the professor's the fol lowing morning, and found him waiting and ■st almost as anxious as we were, Again Simon submitted to llie influence* of the little man, and soon answered his questions far more readily than he had hitherto done. Did he see Kaffar? "Yes." was the reply. "Where is he now?" He was in a beautiful town. The houses were white, the streets were while; the town was full of squares, and in these squares were many statues. (Such was Si mon's information, "Do you know what country the town is in?" "No," said Simon, shaking his head. "Could .you not by any means find out? There's a railway station in the town; can you not see the name there?" "Yes, there's a railway station, a fine one. Ah, 1 see the name now. T-o-r-i- u-o. Torino, that's it." "Torino!" I cried, "Turin! That's a town in Italy, some distance beyond the French border." The professor beckoned me to be quiet. "Kail'ar is at Torino, is he?" said (he professor. J hat's it—vcs.'' "What is lie doing?" "Talkin' with a man who keep* an hotel. "What does he say?" "It's in a foreign language, and 1 can't tell.;' "Can you repeat what he said?'' "it sounded like this—'Je restey iei pour kelka jour;' but 1 can't make out what it means." The professor turned to me. "He's speaking French. 1 did not know lvufl'ar knew French; perhaps he's learned it lately. The words mean that he will stay there for some days." "Can yon describe the street in which this hotel is?" con tin lied Von Virchow, Rim on began to describe, but we could make nothing of it. "Wc can't understand," replied the pro fessor. "Can you draw a sketch of the road to it from the railway station?" and be put a piece of paper and pencil in Si mon's band. Without hesitating Simon drew a sketch. I had been to Turin, and remembered some of tbe places the sketch indicated. It might be far from perfect, but it was sufficient for me. It would be child's play to find Kafl'ar there. "That will do," I said to tbe professor. "I'll start at once. Thank you so much." "Ah, that will do, will it?" lie said, with a smile. "Then I'll wake up this man." Simon woke up as usual, rubbing his eyes, and asked whether any good had been done. "Everything's been, done," cried I. "Come, professor, allow me to write you a cheque. How much shall it be?" "Not a penny until your work is accom plished," replied the little man, with dignity. That is not fair," I said. "I don't know what may happen, and you must not be defrauded. Anyhow, here's something on account;" and I put a twenty-pound note in his hand. He smiled as he looked at it, while I took my hat, and stated my.intention to start for Turin at once. ''Beggin' yer pardon," said Simon, 'lint this 'ere wacciuation business is awfully woaryin', and I should like to—that is " /'The very thing," I replied, anticipating his request. "You shall go with me." Half an hour later Ave were at Gower strcet, making preparations for our jour ney to Turin—Riinon calm and collected, I feverish and excited. 