THE GHOST OF GARLOON. Br MES. ALLAS SUTTOB. From the MELBOUBXE LBADEB. The reception rooms at " Boscoe," tl commodious and delightfully sitnatei famished, residence which Mr. an Mrs. Lorimer, of "Garloon," ha taken with the intention of spendin six months in town, were fragrai with the scent of roses, musical wit the voices of women, tbe ripple c their laughter, and the deeper tont of men, as the guests loitered i pleasant idleness orer dainty afte: noon tea ; for Mrs. Lorimer-wealthi <\- beautiful and talented-bad no lac of society friends, and she and he big good-natured husband were power in their little world. "It is simply abominable! exclaimed an elderly lady c imposing aspect, in reply to som remark addressed to her. " Anothe burglary! What can the police b doing? Of course" (to the hostess you never have any trouble'of tb lund on the station ?" " Oh yes, indeed !" replied Mn Lorimer. " La8t winter we had quit an alarming experience for som weeks; jet, after all, it was no exactly a burglar." ".How was that 1" queried severn voices. " It is rather a long Btory," said th hostess, smiling ; but acceding to thei request, thus commenced : "As. some of you are aware ' Garloon' is miles away froc anywhere. In the bush you kno^ everybody in the neighbourhood, am you seldom think of such an individua as a burglar. Besides, in ordinär station homesteads there is rare! anything lying about that would b likely to tempt a thief, so it i frequently the custom not even i lock tho doors and windows at hight Such was our way, and, for year after our marriage,' we did not ha vi enough sensation in the way o burglars to put' on a threepenny bit " " But a ' change came o'er tb spirit of our dream." Loaves o bread, cooked meats, jams, jellies cakes, . butter, etc.; all began ti disappear in a moBt unaccountabl manner from the larder at night-time It puzzled me why anyone shouli \- want to steal the things, when then was always onough and to spare fo: household use, as well OB plenty o ? 'tucker' to be had byr any wayfarei for the asking. "My cook at last gave warning She said she ' wasn't goin' to stop ii no 'ouse as was 'aunted by spurruts. Distracted by this awful threat--foi I expected a large house party during race week-I endeavoured to poinl out to the alarmed head of the culinary department that spirits do not neec such substantial fare. Yet, even as ] remonstrated, a guilty remembrance arose in me that I had heard thal right -, here in Brisbane you hay« materialised spooks who do npl disdain cakes and candies. "Cook was inexorable. The only concession I could obtain , was-thal as a favour she would remain unti' after the races ; then she declared, she ' would be hoff, fust chance.' "But the ghost once raised al 'Garloon,' there seemed no possibility of allaying it. Everyone about the place bad some blood-curdling tale to tale-of stealthy footsteps heard ic the hours pf darkness ; of ghostly visitants that vanished into air when some valiant, masculine watcher tried to. grasp them. The 'maid servants began to' require the constant attendance of a male escort after dark, and, notwithstanding that some nights we shut savage dogs4 up in the kitchen and store rooms, various articles of food and clothing continued to disappear. Occasionally we locked doors; more often we forgot to do so. " My husband, to ray annoyance, always laughed when I told him of these strange depredations, and avowed " bis belief that the cat had taken the things." At last his overooat, with an important business letter in one of the pockets, disappeared. When I ventured to suggest that doubtless the cat required an overcoat, Jack, most illogically grew quite wrathful and ultra- expressive in his remarks. But nothing came of thom, and the 'Garloon Ghost' at irregular intervals, continued its nocturnal depredations. " One winter evening, about nine o'clock, Jack was 'cosily chatting to a friend at the fireside. They discussed land law, land fax, income tax, native dogs, sheep dips, rabbits, and the comparative value of wire netting versus poison, until. I felt myself commencing to yawn, whilst, their eloquence showed no symptoms of abating. " I went outside to ascertain if the garden gates wore shut, for sometimes the cows or horses would get in, and make a raid upon my most treasured flowers. I took a lantern with me, as the night was dark, and having fastened tbe gates, was returning when I noticed that the door of the storeroom stood wide open. I may mention that it opened inward, ana could be secured outside with a strong chain and staple. I stepped over the threshold and placed my hand upon the chain, when I heard a sort of groan. Instinctively I raised the lantern, and saw an apparition which turned my blood to ice. A tall, dark form towered, menacingly above mo ; with a countenance of ghastly pallor, long matted hair, wild eyes that caught the gleam from the lantern, and claw-like hands held aloft. Por a few seconds so. we stood; then, voiceless with terror, I dropped the light, rushed into the dining-room, and fainted. " When I recovered consciousness, I found myself on the sofa, Jack looking pale with alarm, and Mr. Anstey liberally bestowing the contents of the water- jug on mo. 'I explained the cause of my swoon. They went out and searched all about, without success; The dogs lay around as usual-quite undisturbed. " But I was not satisfied. When Jack and Mr. Anstey were again seated at the fire, 1 went to tbe back door of the hall, whence a view of the storeroom could be obtained. Hardly had I taken my Btand, when a black shape crept along the oppositi wall, then advanced swiftly, as ai omen of evil, to where I stood, noiselessly drew back further into th< shadow. My faintness was over, bu as the figure stood, not two feet fron me, restlessly turning its head. fror, side to side, fora minute I feared tba the loud throbs of my heart mus betray me. Then my courage returned I determined that if the form entèrei the ball I would slam the door bellin it and call out to Jack. But Bwiftl as it had come, the figure glided awa; again to the storeroom, and I hean the faint clink of the chain as th door opened. ' I told Jack what I had seen. ' Al right, little woman !' Baid he ; we'] catch the burglar this time.' Thei taking off their boots, he and Mi Anstey Btole cautiously out. Unfortunately, just as they neare< the store, one of them blundered ove something. Instantly there was ; rush and a scramble. . A dark figur dashed out of the doorway and fled with Jack, Mr, Anstey, and the dog in full chase, amidst a wild chorus o shouting and barking. ' In a few minutes the pursuer returned-unsuccessful, Jack limping painfully, having hurt his toe on rock, and Mr. Anstey looking mos unbecomingly gory, having run hi nose violently against a post, believini it was the burglar. ' "What stumps me, said Jack, savagely, as I sympathetic ally ushered them into the house am attended to their injuries, ' ÍB why th confounded dog wouldn't touch th thing, whatever it was.' ' That night when we retired, Jae! as ho nursed his wounded toe, assurei me with emphasis that he could not pu up with this sort of thing any longei ' Next day he went into town am interviewed the police. It was arrangei that on the following night a troope named "Weston, who had the repu tatton of being a daring clever fellow should ride out to ' Q-arloon ' at dusl; Becrete himself at a place agreed upon a short distance from the homestead and there, for. a time, await develop ments. A couple of the stockmei aleo received private orders from nv husband to come quietly to the hous af ter nightfall and hold themselves ii readiness for any emergency. : ' The night came-dark, cold, am stormy. Watchers were concealed ii various parts of the' homestead, bu nothing rewarded their vigil.' "Oh, bother it all!' said Jacka last, as we beard the raia beginning ti patter down, ' Weston will be frozen I'll go and tell bim tocóme in for somi supper and a warm. ' ' The immediate result of this de termination reached me by degrees for Jack was very reticent about thi matter. However, it appears tba when he had gone about thirty yard from the house he descried a crouch ing figure, which was evidently en deavouring to avoid observation. Jacl Bneaked warily towards thedark object which also drew nearer, though in thi gloom it was impossible to be certaii if it had observed him. At last hi was within a few feet of it, and foi an instant ? both remained motionless Then Jack made a dash, fiercely he and his antagonist wrestled, eacl desperately endeavouring to throw th« other. Finding that be could no easily gain the advantage, and remem bering that he was -unarmed, Jacl Bhouted to the trooper for assistance To his astonishment the burglar in etantly relaxed his grasp. ' ' Good gOBh !' panted a familial voice. . ] ? . '?'_' ?'? ;'.' . ',' By crickey,'Weston, is that you ! said Jack. 'Then they bad to make tbe best oi the situation, for the men from the house,* attracted by Jack's shouts, soon arrived on the scene of the com- bat.: . ' The fact was-the trooper, tired of being out in the rain, had been cau- tiously making his way to the house, when be perceived Jack. Exulting in the opportunity that fate appeared to have thrown in his way, he too endeavoured to capturé the burglar. Hence the ludicrous mistake they mutually made. ' It caused much merriment amongst the station folks, in which, just at first, tho chief actors were not inclined to participate, for both were considerably battered; though' now my husband enjoys the joke as much as anyone. " The cause of all this trouble waa caught a few nights afterwards in a most unsensational manner. One of the stockmen, leaving the kitchen late at, night, in passing the storeroom, noticed the door ajar. He shut and fastened-it; but he beard sounds within as of someone muttering. Ho called to his master. Providing them- selves with a light, they guardedly entered the store, and, under the counter, the long-dreaded and mys- terious thief was discovered, proving to be a poor demented man who, in ! days gone by, before his affliction, had been an employee on ' Garloon,' and, consequently, know the run of the house. ' How he had found his way back to the station from goodness knows where, and why he had chosen such a cunning and stealthy mode of supply- ing himself with food, etc., at night evidently lying hidden in the scrub all day,-for no one had come across his camp-of course we never knew, Wo had him conveyed toan asylum, where he is well cared for, and said to be quite harmless. ' You ask me why the dogs would not hurt him ? Well that I cannot tell you; Maybe they, knew he was bereft of reason. 'Call" it instinct, knowledge, what you will, the fact remains the Bathe. _ ' I assure you it was a relief to get rid of our ' ghost.' -Cook reconsidered her intention of leaving. She is with us still. » ' Two or three weddings have even- tuated amongst our people on the station, which I consider directly traceable to the influence of tbe ' gho3t.' What do you think ?' And Mrs. Jjorimer's dark eyes amusedly sought the faces of her guests, who one and all admitted that, especially in the bush, a really capable, energetic ghost or burglar might certainly be looked upon as conducive to matri- mony. - 