[?] Suddenly, however, Lady Ella awakened, and glanced around her ab the weird scene ab Jack, and then with a low sob sho fell on hor own accord on his shoulder. ' Oh, Jack ! dear friend,' she cried, ' whab am I doing here 1 How did I get here V ±113 arm was still round ner as spoke, and he made his explana tions ; bub, bhough ib was pleaaaub to hold her to him thus, there had been a rude awakening, and he knew that he muab pause ab once in this unpremeditated love Ecene. His heart, however, had not sbilled its beatings. He smoothed her hair, and soothed her, and told her in tender accents how sho had been walking in her sleep and gob thero in a mysterious way through tho picburo panel, though his heart was bound ing to a wild, irregular rhythm. And she 1 Was she proof against the daring unreality of bhe situation 1 No. She felb as she lay in blris strong man's arms bhab ib might be better bo resb there for ever than to re turn to the sombro gloom of the Manso. But of what use was ib to think 1 Jack had- never spoken to her one word of love. She knew exactly what those brighb eyes of his meanb, and the thud of bhe manly heart which she felt against her own breast. She knew she was young and beautiful, and that Jack had found her in a condition which defied all conventionalities. This, of course, was the cause of his whole conducb towards her, of the wistful look in his eyes. Bub while, perhaps, he bhoughb this sudden emotion of this love, she would aEik one thing of him. ' Jack,' she said, looking wist fully up into his face, ' never tell \- anyone of this folly of mine ; never betray me. Ib is no crime, I know, to walk in one's sleep, but if Sir Hubert knew of this he would kill me.' He ought to have drawn back now. He ought to havo ' pulled him self together,' remembered Miriam's sweet, pure face, and the mission he had before him to save her from a life of dospair and misery. Bub he was a man of strong feel ings, and looking into those wistful eyes he forgot himself, and drawing her to his hearb he kissed her fondly. 'Ella, you darling, you poor ill used darling,' he said, the words seeming to come mechanically from his lips against his own bobter sense. This was really the first act of tho tragedy. But they were rudely awakened to the realities of life. A heavy step was heard coming up the corridor without. There was nob a momonb to lose. Ib mighb be Sir Hubert. But whoever it was they must nob be discovered in such a perilous position. There was no naed for words. Bobh had heard bho advancing footsteps. ' The picture ! ' cried Ella, ' where is the secret knob 1' . ' It is too late for that,' whis pered Jack, hoarsely. 'Quick. Cross tho gallery, hide under those heavy curtains. Lose nob a momenb,' As he hurried her alrnoab rudely across bhe corridor, Sir Hubert — for it was he — threw open the door. He mighb, had ho glanced straight ahead, havo seen the white figuro flit across the gallery, for Jack in his hurry had been rnosb indiscreeb, and had held the lamp the wrong way. Bub the baroneb was looking round him as he entered, searching in the first nook and corner, and never — bo hia credib this time, bo ib said — thinking of Lady Ella in the matter at all. Jack — leaving Ella a wretched little heap beneath the folds of the mouldy curtains - advanced at once towards his cousin. He anticipated that Sir Huberb would 'make something of a fuss about hiB entering bho Weab Wing wibhoub permission. Bub to Jack, under ordinary cir cumstances, his cousin was ,nob a very formidable person, and now. with his blood still thrilling from his lovo adventure, ho met Sir Huberb with a feeling of resentmont ab his heart that he should have pub his wife in such a position. This, had things been a libtle ' otherwise,' would have been com mendable. Bub ib sab wibh an ill grace on Jack ab bhe moment. And bho posibion was in no way improved when ho saw bhab in his righb hand Sir Huberb carried a revolver. ' Hullo, Huberb !' he cried, speaking quickly in order that his cousin mighb not have a 'pot-Bhot' at him before he knew who he was, ' what brings you here?' ' Oh ! Jack, is ib you,' said bhe other in a tone of the utmosb relief. ' Yes. Whom did you expect to meet — old Nick !' cried Jack with a laugh. 'No ; but I couldn't for the life of me think who could be here,' said Sir Huberb. ' I heard those wild cries again, and saw a faint light in tho gallery. I know some of these pictures are priceless, .and I fancied that some cracksmen from London migbb bo ab work here. I am glad to find ib is you.' ' Bub the wild cries, what ex planation is there of them ?' asked Jack. ' I don't know,' said Hubert, glancing nervously round him in every pirection ; ' thty are only what I am accustomed to. They are repeated night after night, and they are tho principal cause of Ella's illness. Have you seen anyone here V' ' No ono.' ?' Well, thtib is strange,' said Hubert, ' for I can only fancy that these sounds are made by someone to provenb us from entering the Wing. A reputation for being haunted makes a place a secure hunting ground for thieves. Shall we explore the place together 1' ? Although Jack showed a brave front, he inwardly trembled ab this. Explore ! when Lady Ella was cowering down in her nightdress beneath the ends of the mouldy curtains. '? No. Let's leave the place now,' said Jack. ' I'm sick of it. In tho daylighb we'll go over it and see where are all the possible places of ingress and egress. Come Hubert, a glass of hot brandy will be moro to my liking that exploring a ghostly house at night,' ' Then why did you come ab all?' ashed the baroneb, wibh somo brace of suspicion. -'Ah !' said Jack, 'for that you musb blame my old boyish spirib of adventure, I couldn'b bear bo bhink of bhe place being thus lefb to bhe cobwebs and bhe ghosts, and I determined to see if there was any reason for ib. Bub come, leb us ba off. I'm chilled righb through. Lead the way. Your lamp gives the besb light.' Ella heard all this, and her hearb nearly fainted within her throbbing bosom. She was shivering now with in tense cold, all bho more from bhe reaction after her passionate love sceno ; and to be left thero alono ! Alone with tho shadows and the chill air, and the ghostly moon light. Ib was too horrible to think of. She had made her way to the spot in her dreams, bub sho knew [noth ing of tho way back. With a feeling akin to horror in her heart, she cowered beneath bhe ill-smolling tapestries, watched the bwo men quib bhe gallery together, and heard bheir footsteps slowly descending the oaken staircase. A deadly faintness came over her j as sho realised that bhey had gone r and thab she was really alone. ] Bub then hope revived as quickly { as it had vanished. Would Jack leave her to her 1 fate? Would he think it sufficient to 1 screen her from her husband's wrath by leading him off on a wild ; goose chase 1 Or would he come back to help 1 and advise her, if only for a momenb f i ' Ho will como back,' she de cided; 'he will neuer deserb me in ] bhis manner.' i Sho had gauged Jack's mind cor- , recbly. When he reached bhe bottom of ] the broad oaken sbaircasehesbopped , ' Bobher ib,' he cried, ' I'vo left ] my silver hunting flask behind me. ? If there are any thieves about, I | don't wanb bhem to collar thab. I ] shan'b be a minute.' ] And before Sir Huberb bad time ; to remonstrate, or do anything, in i fact, ho had sprung up the stairs ] with the buoyancy of youth and disappeared onco more in tho gloom of the daok corridor above. He found Ella by the lighb of the moon, standing ghostlike near the window, shivoring, yeb glad at his return. 'Quick, Ella,' he cried, breath less with his run, 'here is my : brandy ilask ; drink some, and tell , me how you propose to get back to your apartments.' Ella, who was trembling in every limb, eagerly swallowed some of ; the warming fluid. ' I don't know,' she said wearily, ' if I were dressed I could go oub as you , entered. But I cannot like this.' ' Can you brusb Phcebe Wright?' 'I don'b know— I cannob say,' she said tremulously ; ' sometimes I fancy she is devoted to me, and at other times — but hark ! I hear Sir Hubert coming up again. Oh ! what a wretched woman I am !' It was a critical moment. They could almost hear the beat ing of their own hearts. The loud voice of the baroneb was heard calling — . 'Jack— Jack! What's keeping you ?' ' I'm coming now. Only jusb found my flask,' shouted Jack. ' Drag those old curtains down and wrap yourself in them, Ella. Poor girl ! I'll swear to see you through this properly or I'll bake my life !' In the excitement of the momenb — bho desperate situation which might compromise them both for ; life— he caughb her ia his arms and imprinted on her lips a kiss which warmed her moro bhan all bhe brandy. The ho fled, while she, dragging down the tattered hangings, huddled herself up in them, though every momenb which pasaed with her bare feet on the floor seemed to Bend an icy stab bhrough her hearb. And yeb hope was warm within hor breast. She felb sure of Jack, albhough how he would manage to save her she little guessed. Half an hour passed, Then, to her utter bewilderment, sho saw bho porbraib of bhe dead and gone ancesbress of Miriam re volve on its unseen hinges, and Jack stood framed in bho open panel, as she had been somo time before. ' Quick, Ella,' ho said, ' here aro some wraps which I caughb up in the hall. I cauld get no shoes for you, bub ib is only a small dis banco now from this spot to your boudoir. You havo nob been missed.' ' Bub how,' cried the delighbed Ella, as she proceeded bo place on her wraps — ' however did you succeed in discovering tho way ?' ' There was no discovery neces sary,' said Jack joyously, ' bhe door by which you entered I en tered by also, by means of the keys which opened the postern gate, as I told you. Now leb me go on firsb and reconnoibre. When I sign to you to come, do so quickly and pass into your boudoir. You will find Phcebe Wrighb bhere sleeping leacefully and filling bhe air with lasal music. Good nighb, Ella, Leb bhis bo a lesson bo you never bo ;o sleep- walking again.' Ella blushod as she glanced ab lim. ' And yeb,' she said, 'ib has nob aeen all pain.' A quick rush of color invaded rack s cheeks. ' Don'b tempb me, Ella,' he cried inskily, ' good-nighb,' She bipboed and kissed him, and 10 bhey parted. ' Confound it,' said Jack, when be had reached his room and was ilone ab last, ' I wish I had never jomo bo the Manse. . I thought I was strong-minded, bub I seem to have changed altogether. If any one asked me to-night the state of my feelings, or whom I loved, or what I purposed doing, I couldn't wswer to save my life. Miriam, a poor weak girl, is being led on de liberately to ruin, while Ella, neglected, insulted, is being hurled ilong the same path. They are both to be pitied. Of which am I to be the champion 1' Ib was a question which would have puzzled a stronger-mided man than Jack. The glamour of Ella's exquisite beauty was upon him ab this moment. He seemed as if still holding her to his hearb ; still hear ing her plaintive voice ; still looking down into her wistful eyes. If he could only have known bhe brue nature of his feolings for Miriam, how much danger and horror would have been avoided in the future ! Bub bhe contact of Ella's ex quisite form ; her kisses so willingly given ; her trusb in him ; her wretched, unhappy position — all appealed bo his man's nabure, and he felb himself being drawn, a wil ling victim perhaps, into bhe vortex of shame and disaster. And so, ere he slept that night, he had decided which way to act. He would drifb on as he had be gun. - He would wabcli Sir Huberb and Miriam ; but he would also be the champion and friend of Ella Dan vers. Friend ! Alas ! how impossible is friend ship in such a case ! Whab folly in such a world aB ours to talk of friendship between a distressed and outraged wife and a young and handsome cousin. Meanwhile, as theso thoughts were passing through Jack's mind, a strange scene was being enacted in the park. Sir Hubert, torn by emotions for which he could not account, had passed out into the grounds when he left Jack. It was, of course, an utter im possibility for him to havo suspec ted anything in relation to Jack and Ella. And yot some vague suspicion of he knew not what made him un easy and restless. Miriam was not down when he lefb Jack, after his visit to the west wing, and this facb seemed bo Irri tate him beyond measure, Hfe knew nob, porhaps, why this feeling came upon him, but some how her absence became associated in his mind with bhe visib of Jack bo bhe uninhabibed wing. And in bhis unhappy frame of mind he was when he went oub bo cool his fevered brow in bhe grounds. A mysterious and ghosbly figure he looked as ho 'paced along the beech avenuo with bhe moonlighb catching his form every now and then — aa he crossed tho broad belts of lighb which were cast over the path by bhe openings bebween the trees. Restlessly pacing, his walks be came longer and longer, until — poor maddened lover — he came upon a break in the row of stately trees, where he could see in the distance, swinging in the silvery glow, the hammock where Miriam was wont to repose her dainty limbs. The sight and the thoughts it brought to him seemed to unman him at once. Wibh a low cry ! as of an ania in pain, he quickened his steps, a hurried towards the inanima object which had aroused such tumult in his mind. When he reached it he lean against one of the trees whioh si ported ib and gazsd at tho emj network as if ho could see roposi there the dainty form of his 1 loved. What torture he endured in th( moments who can tell ! But it was all of his own doin though who can blame him in t mad, wild love into which he h plunged. Suddenly a wild sob came fn his bosom ; ho swayed and f headlong beneabh bho hammock. As he did so a form emerg from behind the trees. Unknown to Sir Hubert, sou ono had been watching him ei since he quibted bho house. Ib was Rousillon, bhe valeb. He had dogged his master's fo steps, wondering whab ho could doing ab such a time alone in t gloomy park, and now, as he sto gazing ab bhe prostrate form, needed no one bo tell him the mea ing of the wild scene. ' And yet,' he murmured, as gazed down on the still form of t unhappy baroneb, ' aud yeb we c; bhe English cold and reservei why, this man's Jove is as hob as furnace, and ib is a pain that breaking his hearb.' Ho knelb then, and raising 1 masber's head, poured some bram down his bhroab from a flask. ' I don'b know whebher I a doing righb or wrong,' he mutter as he did so ; 'it mighb be betl for all if I wero to leave him hf bo die. Bub I musb bhink of n self. I wanb my roward in ord that I may marry Annette.' As this thought entered 1 mind he redoubled his efforts rouse the baron to consciousness. Presently Sir Hubert opened 1 eyes, and gazed iu a dazed kind way about him. No wonder was it ! To wake in such a frame of mir in euch a place, beneath the aha of tho evergreen oaks, with t moonlight playing in fitful flicki ings on tho greensward and i Miriam's hammock, was certaii like a dreamy experience, Ho sat up and put his ha: wearily to his brow. ' What does this all mea Rousillon !' he asked in a low toi ' It was a novel experience ( Sir Hubert to he affected with i ness of this kind. ' I don't know, sir,' said tl valeb, respectfully. ?' I was wal ing along bhe park on my way hon from the Danvers Arms when saw Bomeone fall under bhe hat mock. I came to your assistant although I did nob know until reached bhis spot who it was.' ' Danvers Aams ! Confound it cried his master, as he was help: to his feet ; ' you seem to spend s your time and your money there/ ' Thero ie a magnet to attract i there, Sir Hubert,' he said ; ' ; though I am a servant I am still man, and I am nob bhe only o: who risks duby and everything foi pretty face.' The meaning of the words w; obvious, and Sir Huberb felb for momenb inclined to strike tl speaker to'the earth. But ho restrained his feelings. ' No,,' he said, 'I suppose *nt All men are fools sometimes,' (To be Continued.) What to drink during tho hot wcatt — refreshing and thirst- quenching Li: Juice, specially imported at Leate: Pharmacy, Linio Juico Cordial »: Lemon Squash. Lester's Soidlitz Po' ders still unrivalled, pure and not ad: terated. Corn Paint a certain reme: for tho removal of corns. Instant Cc for Toothache, gives immediate relfc For blight, inflammation of the eye Lester's Eyo Lotion is tho best no before tho public, over 40 years. E; Ointment for all diseasos of tbo eyelid Patent Medicines and Porfumory, Brus ware, Toilet Artielos, Pure Drugs a: Chemicals, Seeds fresh and true to nan: Soapa of every description, Statione and School Requisites. Lester's Phi macy and Stationery Depot,Market- it 