THE -DEAD LOVBR, The streets of the little miinig town, wih their steep sidewalks of flights of steps'?And inclined plains, were bright with lighti and gay with people. There was to be an old folks concert at the hall, and the young people who were.'to participate, in their quaint costumes of bro cade and lace, had congregated, with much fun and laughter, intlhe parlor of the one hotel, awaiting the time when they were to make their entrince to the concert room, the men from one side, and the women from the other, in the way of days gone by. The entertainment was to close with a dance,the old folks being in costume.. The girls wars flitting about the room,: now pausing before the mirror to touch a powdered lock, or to glance at a velvet; train. The young men, looking at first rather self-conscious in their unaccustomed clothes, the silk coats, ruffled shirts, and short breeches, joined the -mutual admiration society, and all was lively with jokes a laughter and small r$hearsals. -A pretty girl with fluffy yellow h?strdwnd white dress broeaded in -silver was flitting I about among the groups, enquiring 'Where's Tom 4 Have you seen Tom.? I do want to try-our duet.' ' st Tom,Miss Amy rt laughed Harry Mitings. I: declare you should take better .care'of your. pro#perty.than that.' ' How do you know 'that he is my pro.j perty ' Oh, a little bird told me, Now, see here; if you'll promise me the second" waltz to night i'll go and look up the old fellow for you.,. Seen him siiee hii dressed t He ought to have lived in George Washington's time, he looks so well in those clothes,' The girl blushed and :romised, and Harry started on his quest. there was some contausion and quite a little crowd about a door farther down the hall, and, as Hastings paused. Tom M'Lsaug liicstiame from the room beyond. He was a very handsome young ?an, thoibh his face now looked white .aid so3een: SI say, old boy, what's the rdw? the other mlted. - You're wanted by a certain lady. Why, you look as if you had seen a ghost. 'I have se?n man die.' 'Patterson r Well, that's rough, (Onmmption, waun't it "Yes,' said Tom, -briefly. - He made a motion to go in the opposite direction from the parlor... 'Hstintgs detained him. SAmy wants you.; ' I'll be there presently. ' Well, don't be long ; we are. going over to the hall soon' 1'Tom went up to his room. The scene he had just passed through .had pt :him out of tune with the gay doings about him. - He could still see the set eyes and quiver ing e}hin of the man who had died,. and ?e, too, was young. . When he west `down to the' parlor Amy was there alone, and decidedly cross. - *' Ithink it's too provoking f '-you, Tom,' she.po[ted, Buttering herf silver and white plumage. 'They're all gone over, and there isi't time to try our duet. Where have you beeni ' ."With poor Patterson. He has just died.' • Oh, how dreadfl I But I dmon't se why you went visiting sick folk on the night of our concert,' she said pettishly. The young man looked at her in mnr prise. . . . 'Don't be cross, dear,' he said. 'This has about upset me.' Hl" was fastening her cloak, and she made an impatient movement. ' I usek to drop in tose him every even ingy. The poor fellow waus a stranger here, and lIoeusome. He came for his health. It cheerd him up, he said, to hear what was gs on,so to-night I went in to let him see . the?i? tlhingv, thinking it might amuse him; but I found him just going"' ' Fearful I Bt. - To, we must hburry ; 'they'll be waiting for is." Ome maement, Amy, I yea to tell you isomething. The poor fellow who died was 'expecting" his girl tonight in the mid nig? train Heo sent for her ;_ think .what Saibok it will be to her when she comnes. SWould you mind if I went up to the at4tion to ilee&her;, nd trg to make it a little tMiasdt IgeeaIshomld ' Amy girl woid. Why, it 'will be just sapper time, mndI don't want tobe left 'without a part SI could pt ese - I don't what anybody but you. I don't believe that girl is moob, oming herem aloane to see him.' Woold youetd ditfor .a Ajb m? DI. ol'task heisid questions. Mamam 'Thinpor girl hasn't any relations. She iiirksinan otlhe_ Pattersou told me. He ihegbht everythiig of her. .I don't see how you a help feeling Wony for her. \- Oh , lam. Now, Tem, don't be disaree; ible,' poting. (Come, we mst go. - Ton sijgh~ied, and they went out on tmhe saowy street, 'Ie could not feed ij- -toaod with their gaiety. He toond himself continually thinking of that 'yroung life just goae, of -the young girl joprneying on in hope to 6nd despair. 'Something crept into hit tenor sole that night which made people say .[--didn't kiow Tom M'Laughlin could sing like thit; It fairly made me cry, "Amy had recovered her good nature, She laughed and danced, and flitted about like a fairy. \- lo alook her to sapper, and roused him self tsjoia in the gay talk. \- he SdIoughtli hhad forgotten their littlei jidhe dusky bar, as the7 went back, i+ pd-up lat'hiL -itrbiniageyes. -:: Tom,' d. isy+i,'dl ou do y know you are splendidly handsome tornight.' - For answer he took her in his arms and kissed her. 'Oh, you bear,' she laugheL, . -'You've crushed my dress' ya tall man was standing by the door ,as they pissed out,. S'lullo,. Jake,' called Harry .Hastings. 'Why ain't you up at the station l- Are you going t~o let the_ passengers' wa'lk down . -.' 'Plenty of time ; train's late.: Due at one, thirty.' Tom heard. He took Amy into the ia i,adlie.ra ' partner came to claim her-. :. Then he hurried over to the hoiel -':I \- He ran up to his room, tore off ili.' i f?" costume, and went into tihe, offirce,.;' The old man who watched the house was warming his hands at the stove.- - 'Come, Johnny,' he said, • I wiant yjoito see that there is a good fire in the -parlor when the 'bus gets back. I'm going, up ':to meet poor Patterson's girl. She is coming to night, and it is a cold ride dawn.' 'Poor girl, Sure, I'll do it, Mr Tom. Mr M'Laughlin opened the dining roomn door. The tired waiters were clearing away- 'the gc"ains of the feast. The diminisbed:line of dinner pails on the corner table showed that the miners on the: n;ght shift had' gone out. There was no sign of the landlady. .He shut the door. ' Mrs Cornish anywhere -about,--Uncle Johnny 1'. 'TJisgoen tiher bed. She was'after may--' ing ab was hat tired she couldn't: drag one fut behinid thieother.' ' I shall have to tell that poor thing my self,' he thought, as he went out aind climbed up beside Jake.on the old 'bus for the mile ride to the station. The train came slowly through. the deep cut, its two engines puffing. . It stopped but an instant. The mails were thrown out and thepassen gers alighted. Two men.and a lady. She was evidently alone, ai IIlooked about' her nervously. ,M'Laughlin went up to he:. -. Excuse me,' he said, ' but iis ~this Miss Abbott, Mr Patterson's friend P " : 'Yess' she said. - ' My -nameo is M'Liughlin.=:::I I came to me: yoa,' he went on, possessiig.himself of her valise, and -helping her on to the stage. By the light of the stationmaster's lamp hbe saw that she was tall, with a sweet, grave face, and luminous grey eyes. - : Tue rambling and the crunching of the wheels through the stiff snow, and the pre sance of other strangers, made conversation difficult.., Tht girl looked out over the snow at the darkthouses which lined the winding way to the town. - The young man was- planning how -to. tell her., Theyjdrew up at the hotel the light from th ibrilliant'haIllacross the way streamed out: :strains- of a .waltz and the sound of dauncing feti?aniuefaintly on the night air. T-:,-om hoped, that she did: not notice them.: Uncle Johnny had been, true to his pro mise, 'and a fire burned brightlyin .the parlor stage. - .Tom placed a chair for her in:th p~leasant warmth,.hut she turned to him eagerly.i: ' Tell me about him,' she said:;. ' ti" he'h better I ' Yes,' he answered, avoiding her. eyes. He went on hurriedly SI am going to bring you: somethingp, and then you may question rue ' Thank you,' she said, ' I shall be glad of: something. I have been so anxious to;-day that I could not eat, buhat now I am here :I~ must save my strength for him.' Tom went out, a suspicious lump- in: his throat. . .. ... He returned presently with- a cup of tea and a tr?y of dainties, parloined with Uncle Johnny's help from the remains of the ball supper. " When she had laoched she said '.1 am so glad Henry is better. Ta he oa this floor I fancied from his short letters. that-he was veryweak, and sueriag. - Tom went up to her and took -her hand.' ' My poor girl,' he said huskily, ' Henryi wil.never suffer any more. He is well - hgrew very white and turned away he5 hqea but she did not cry. Thbere was a long silence, and then he said in an altered voice-.. 'When V - 'Tonight at ". ' . Another silence. Thern ssoand of footsteps approachi g inand a gay voice saying 'I think I must,have left my scarf in here. It is cold in the halL Amy etered, followed by Harry HasRt ings. .She gave one look at Tom, beading uver and holding the handl. of the white-faced Then, iithdut a wotrd, ihe turned and went out, followed by -her eavalier, his lips "pel ciftor a silent whistle. . them. " I mit see hiim,'. she said. SOh, not to-night. It is late, and ye are weary. Wait p uatil mnorning.' -No,' she answered, 'now ~; [ must tell him [ have come, tl gh it was to9 late. :. Unable to mov, her, he brought a candle, and they went through the.silent hall to the room where her lover lay ia all the silent majesty of death. -Tore set down the light ahd uncovered the still form. - 'I'll wait outside,' he whispered. After some time she joined him, her facnie now strained with tears. - LI will gao to my room now,' she said. -'Oh,. Mr M-Laughlin, how shall I thank you for your kindness to. him and to me.' When Tpm went back to the ill-room Amy was waltzing. He watched the lithe young figure, the fying feet, and the white and, silver gown. There was a color in. the small face and a motinous expr.ssio~about the mouth which told hir be wogild lnd it hard to makte amends. .?When she was seated he went to her, b?t she did not appear to see him until he spoke.. - 'Aw - Oh, is it you, 1r .MU iughlin:' Ha7 yonu left your friend I: ...'My.darling, let meexplain. I donit want to hearl:..: :Hltrigdly slippiig .offhei efigafeement ' There! When'yd-o? ake her:.hand againi slip that on i -she will bei glad- of ne~ai 'lover' :The.man's face turned':ery !white.: : Dyou m' n it, -AyF- he said: . `tShi'gave a . ard little laughi and beckoned with herfar. ý:Hastings came up. 'Harry' she said sweetly 'I'i so tired : ~on tiyou take 'me Ihorie:: ? Tom looked at the tinyring lying in 'his hand ; its ;diamond sflashed :-up at him" :brightly,; hien he thoiiugb of the clear grey eyes of .that other girl,--who:: had he but kihown was to make the happiness of his life e hi 