1§|$ jllattijfflHini. bTORI-TOSSED. CHAPTER XXXIV. A C'tt VliL HL01V. I felt as in a dream when I quitted the shadow of tho cabin and found my self in the glaring sunshine. I had liad no time-as yob to think ; the de mands upon my attention had come so fast that there had been no room for reflection. But the fierce, white light of the sun, the sight of the spacious field of water running into the remote hazo of the horizon, furnished on a cjii/.Ii o Mirrrnfirtrt.riPtt to tlie calamity that had- befallen my husband, and to the probable conse quences of it, that the extreme sharp ness and vehemence of the realization defeated itself and filled mo with tho sensation of being in an evil and har rowing dream. I very well remember standing oil the main-deck,' and look ing at the tall masts and the sails, and then gazing mechanically round the ocean, and thinking to myself. What ia to become of us. How can this brig be managed by two people, one of them a, girl, whose strength may fail her, aud leave her as prostrate as her husband 1 The poet says that sudden joy, like grief, confounds at first. I can answer for grief doing that. But as in tlie .cabin, so here, this distracting, ay, and truly deadly con fusion of mind — for madness, more often than not, is born of tho mental condition . I was then in— passed away: the mere thought that it was my hus band now who had to look up to me and whose life was in my hand, as mine had been in his down to this time, re stored my old spirit to me, and, break ing away from my idle dreamy, staring posture, I walked aft to the wheel. 'Ia thecap'n very badly hurt, 'm ?' inquired Spence, the moment .1 ap proached him. 'Yes; he has broken his leg,' Ire plied. ' Oh, my good God !' cried the poor fellow. ' I didn't think it was so bad as that. He never once groaned. I reckoned it was no more than a sprain. The curse of the Lord seems on this brig. What's to be done now and . lie rolled his pale eyes about, with a look of wild consternation on his face. 'Why, we must do the best we can,' I replied ; ' there aro two of us, and we shall have to keep watch, and re liove each other .at the wheel. The captain will tell us what course to steer.' 'Ay, but how'll he know?' cried Spence, out of whose face the fresh misfortunes had shocked every particle of blood, so that with his red hair and the pink circles round his eyes he was every whit as ghastly, dismal, and alarming as when covered with grime aud stalking out from behind the deck house like a ghost. 'If his legs broke, lie'll not be able to come on deck and take sights.' I had not thought of this ; but I was resolved to let no fresh discovery in our trouble daunt me. We must pin our hopes upon sight ing a ship,' I replied. 'Every hour, ???;? heading as we arc, bring us nearer to r-i: . the track of vessels bound south. And now,' I added, ' while I think of it. we may as well hoist a distress-signal, , for there is no telling how soon we may be within reach of a telescope. . Where are the flags kept 'In that locker, there.'' said he, pointing to a long box, painted black, to cleats close against the cabin bulkhead fronting the wheel. I put all the animation I could muster into my manner, terrified least despair should so settle upon this poorcreature, whose sensibilities had been already unendurably wrung by the horrors he had passed through, as to deprive him from all power and will to work! being well aware that this slate of mind and body is often induced among shipwrecked sailors,., who, gettiug it \- into their minds that God 'is against tlicm, and that all their struggles must prove useless, resign themselves to. their, fate and refuse to lend a hand even when threatened by death by their commanders in misfortuns for so \- doing. Turning over the (lags, I lighted upon a pretty large ensign, which I bent on the peak signal halliards — the gaff, as I havo said, having been 1 foisted into its l)laee. — and ran llu- II no lmlf.w.ir up, with tho union down. Tho red made a bright spot of colour against the blue sky, and look cd an objocl. that could not fail to be seen by any vessel coming with tho horizon.' The sight of .it carried my mind back to our marriuge-foast, when father had jumped from his chair on hearing of tho distress-sigual behind him; and there arose such a gush of memory as tightened my throat and I had much a Jo to keep back my tears. .13 ut I had made up my mind not to yield to any further weakness, and, pointing to the ensign, told Spenee, with as strong a note of cheerfulness as I could throw into my voice that that was but the first step, and that the next would be a ship bearing down to learn tho meaning of it-. AJy man ner, I. rojoieed to note, appeared to make him ashamed of his consternation; he said. I never had to work with a ladv be fore, 'm ; but there's no duty you're unequal to that ye need mind putting on to me. I'll make a four hour? Mien 10 your two, m, it ye like: and as to sleep I reckon I can do with less than you ; and so Jet me arrange the watches in the way that'll please you best.' (to in; continued). 