TOLD'- BY A DBEP- ·A ENGINEER *Huao, Logan, glad to see you've picked up. Here's Mr Danvers--he's fond of paying r us a visit down here. I had just got into the engine-room of the Ocean Monarch, bound, as usual, for Cape t Town. I I was the second engineer, and had come aboard a week ago scarcely recovered from a low fever. This was my first appearance, and the chief engineer came forward to greet me. Mr Danvers, one of the passengers with I whom I had made great friends,.smiled. ' Sea air does wonders,' said he. ' I sup pose I had better depart in peace, as you, too, will have plenty to do. ' Oh, no hurry. said Paterson. ' You know we shipped some fresh stokers, Logan S ' Yes-two,' 'I answered; ' bow do you I find them I ' I have no complaints. i I opened the door of the stokehole and looked in. Danvers put his head .in behind me. He always said the great, red eye of the 1 fire had., fascination for him. The furpace doorwas open, and ono of thbe i men was Saging otcoss.- i " The hot glare of: light fell on him as be moved'bacfwaid aid forward. He look weird- terrible. I turned back hastily to Paterson. ' Who is the third man ?' I said. SThird man ! What do you mean What's- the matter, Logan, yeou are quite white ? ' There are only two men,' said Danvers, following mwe back into the engine- room. We heard the clang of the furnace door. I looked from one to the other. I felt scared. I suppose I showed the feelia, for both men seemed concerned. ' Three ' 1 said, in a curiously;questioning voice, as if I were no: sure of what I had seen. 'Thompson (that was the stoker who had been with us for years)' and'the new men-I don't know their faces: ' You'd better go to the doctor again,' said Paterson. ' I was in there five minutes be fore you eame ; there, was only Thompson and Holker, one of the new hands, there ; and nobody bha gone i since, .. ; You see double, Logan,' said Danvers, smiling. I was silent. Nothing could have been easier than to.; return to the stokehole and there and then settle the matter; bhat I had a sort of shrink ing from seeing again that strange; red figure, and preferred dropping the dispute. Thinking over it later, it seemed probable i that the o whers were right. The fierce light might produce all manner of effects, and the third man had certainly looked shadowy enough to be only an optical delusion But the second time I saw Holker was in broad daylight. I met him face to face in the passage run. t ning forward past the engineers' cabins, and f again there seemed someone behind him s another man; a filmy shape, and yet dis tinct. e I felt paralysed.' There was nothing remarkable about the stoker. He was a quiet man, rather ' close' with his mates, and, therefore, not much liked; b1ut we engineers found him a good worker. t I theoght the fever was still hanging about tme ; yetI felt strong and well, slept soundly, and ate as only a convalescent can. e I took to watching HBolker, although I had a horribly nervous feeling abont him. s I asked Paterson and the third engineer if they saw anything odd about the man. S Nothing-at all, they said. S Couldn't they see, I thought, that some e thing always behind tqe stoker that wasn't a likeness of him. Whenever I saw him, I saw it, too-in the lurid glare of the fire, about the lower deck. and passages, in the fresh, sunshiny air-al \- ways that other muan, like some haunting fate. Was I mad, or was everyone else blind 1 c ' Danvers,' I saidone night, as he and I "ere walking the deck smoking,' 'Do you be 'e lieve in uncanny things I 'Do you mean ghostsl 'Not exactly. I wish you would let me Stell you' something ; only don't laugh at m e. a 'Not for worlds. I am not an entire un believer, and I know yeou have a very devout "belief in these things,'ssid Danvers. a ' Thanks. It is about this Holker. Do you remember when I first saw him. I told It Paterson there were three men. ' Yes.' 'There were three figures. God knows Swhethaer the third was a man,' I said, in a trembling voice. 'It is no fancy-I have -it proved it to be none. . I am not ill. My r. *ervesg hnuot unhinged; they are as steady .as yos. .Always I. see behind Holker s. a What you Scotch call a wraith,' said Daovers ; * a warning of his death. ' A ' wraith ' is a likeness of the person d warned. This shadowy fore is not in the lest like Holker. What does it mean ? I said, pausing by his side. r- There.was a sort of despair in my heart. , 'Why do I alone see itt . Is there some le thing for me to do, and Ido not know what ? 1t I could feel that Danvers was sympathetic though he remained silent: l' It is very strange,' he said thoughtfully. " It may be that you alone are a ghost-seer. I have read that some people never canm see , ]anything. 11 You do not doubt me, thent - It ' I hardly know what to say. Can yaude scribe this appearance i 'It is as clear as day, though niisty. It a is a yonng man's face. He has a white, transparent complexion, like a person in bad health; thin, aristocratic features; the fair hair falls ip- curls over the forehead; the eyes r are? brown-womanish eyes, soft and wist Ifal I paused saddenly. I bad been talking as if to myself~, hardly noticing Danvers; bet an exclsmation from him checked me. . \- To my surprise bh 'bhad turned pale. r 'Should you know the face he said, in a it hurr;ed way. * Yoi mean in- p ictuTe l " "" ' Yes.' 'Come to my cabin,' saidDavers. - We went below quickly, and when we reached his cabin he-fastened the door, t He seemed excited. f He unlocked a desk that he took from a travelling case, and laid a photograph in my 1 hand. My blood turned to ice as I looked. I could not speak, or even utter a sound. I There was the face I had just described, 'I see you recognise it,' said Danvers. He sat down and covered his face, and I laid the photograph on the table. He seemed agitated. " I felt curiously calm. - 'Something you were to do,' said Dmnve-s. 'You have done it.' 'How I I have done nothing, ' You have told me. ' Told youe Yes, because'I could no 1 longer keep silence. What then? ' I'll tell you. and you must help me. I am not travelling for pleasure- 1 ' I knew that,' I said, a little dryly. - SAh ! You are quick, but you kept your own counsel, so it didn't matter. I am a de- I tective. ' What !' I exclaimed, springing up, my , ieart besting wildly.I H' H si Sit down again.; Wdi ?nseat oa' the track of a. murderer. We had" certain information that he escaped to Africa some weeks ago. - He is not there, he is here. ' Holker, the stoker,' I whispered. -I sat overwhelmed. Danvers quickly regained some of his pro fessional quietude. ' That face,' he said, pointing to the photo graph, ' is a likeness of Mr Louis Temple-a young man of means, and an invalid, who was murdered by his man-servant. Perhaps you have heard 1' ' No, I was ill-I. heard nothing. . 'The man was a trusted servant, half nurse. The murder-a peculiarly horrible one, on a defenceless man-was committed evidently for purposes of robbery. We shall find some of the spoil in Holker's chest. The murderer escaped, but we have evidence that will surely hang him. Now, do you see how great a service you' have unconsciously done. But for this strange interposition the mur. dered man would probably never be avenged. Our false information would have misled us, and while we wasted time rectifying it, Holker would have very likely been lost to us altogether.' ' 1 see,' was all that I could say. 'Now I have my hand on him,' said the detective. ' He is, of course, disguised. I will arrange a plan, in which I shall, need your help to strip him of his disguise. I will arrest him, and he and I will be put ashore at the first port we touch at, and return to England. ' Claim my entire services,' I said. 'I can hardly yet believe I am in my right senses. Why was I, who knew nothing of this cir cumstance-who was- ignorant of the exis. tence of this Louis Temple, why was I chosen to bring this 'iorrible crime to light t ' Ah, there we get into the unfathomable,' said the detective; ' beyond me, and beyond wiser and better people- than 1. .I don't see how one can get over the facts, which is all we have to-deal with. This argument did not satisfy me, though I knew I never could get beyond it. The strange, the awful thing was, that the next time I saw Holker the shadow was gone. We made our plans, and I soon saw how necessary my aid was. I was thrown much more across Holker than Danvers was, and my initial movement was to drug the man, to get him into my cabin under the pretence that he was ill, and there satisfy ourselves of his make-up. SI shall never forget the grim delight cf the detective when the plan succeeded, and the wretched criminal was revealed in the man before us. That was his last hour of freedom. He came to, to find himself the prisoner SOf that quiet passenger, Mr Danvers, SIt was a terrible scene. The man copld not understand how he had Sbeen discovered when the detective said that he had not made& oe discovery, I In the midst of the wretch's frightful Eravings, we learned that he had purposely missed the ship he had been reported to have sailed in, and had fastened on the Ocean Monarchb. In his chest were found jewels, plate, t all identified as the misning property of the unfortunate Mr Temple. There was horror from stem to stern when Sit was known that we had a murderer on board. SSailors are iluperstitious on this point, and Sjustly so. I think no one breathed freely till HIolker (that wasn't his real name, by the by) had been removed from our ship. I myself, was the sensation of the hour, but I.tried to avoid curious questioners. S There was something too awesome for me in the mystery to allow me to discum it with 5every idlet attler... l -- . Was what 'I saw the spirit'of the mur dered man, silently crying for vengeance ? I devootly believe it was. But the question I had put to 'the detec Stive rehmnins unanswered-why was. I made Sto play this part i SThe story got into the papers, and I wrs: interviewed by more scientific men of all nationalities than I can remember now. \- It is years ago. The detective is dead, the Ocean Monarch is running her last trip. So all things come and go. And its" time I went below and looked after my engines.-L Ianufeldt, in the 'Yankee Blaide.' 