i life Stories. B Dt MAGGIE SWAN. B "life's Blindfold Game," &c.;) B (itinf r L . B COPVBIOHT. B vii. . B fl FALSE FBIENP. H PART I. H krielit Jane morning there wns not a B '" o he found In St. Cove than the H ? tr»tCralS O'er— the home of the Misses HflV The house was n roomy, old fa- SH ; «i structure, commnnuing n m,.Ku,u,. SS. nud the garden sloped right BfwVtotl hencli, where there was a gate ladles' private use. B uu, Anne «nd Miss Harriet Jardlne had B Jrt sll their lives at Crnlg O'er, and that lno brief term, for Miss Anne was Go and Bu n Harriet only a few years her junior. I been their custom in summer B. otter to occupy an hour or two In the i'l „cry morning. Their father, who ifihd tera a great Uorist, had inculcated this Bnw and during the 25 years which had BLri since his death they had faithfully H iwd his example. The tending of the Eras ms a Mad of religious duty, per- Htarwl with the some pimctlllousncss as the Huadlat of the dally chapter or the offering BiPf morning and evening prayer. In the Mini! ot such conscientious workers the gar- Bio ns always In beautiful order, nnd hnv- H,.. , very sunny aspect produced a great Hunriance of flowers. B Oaf had only to glance nt the two sisters Bhhara that they were horn gentlewomen, Bill (bough they had long since censed to Bitty pace with fashion, were nlwnys dressed Btsaudagly and neatly. In appearance they Bnre very much alike, except that Miss Bsuriet looked a little more delicate nnd Bus than her sister, nnd had a timidity Bf Banner unknown to Miss Anne, whose Bkitniewas by far the stronger of the two. Hon this particular morning it was the rosc- ffikil which claimed their attention, for n Bather high wind (luring the previous night Bhi! loosened some ot the branches from their Kutei. B "It was very foolish of me, Anno, but I B«n't get that dream of mine out of my Brad," falil Miss Harriet, looking up from Bath; rose tree, over which she was bending, Bud showing n troubled face beneath the juBtroiil brim of her gardening hat. "Every Bthae I culch a glimpse of the sen I picture Bipi and Ilobert— just ns I saw them In my Btara-trerlihig away for dear life to keep Sgiyk lie tide which is creeping stealthily Halo Ibc garden on all hands. That Is the ffltarfcias thing about It, Aunc. It Is not n Smtora; sea, dashing up ns it often does In Mpisto. Hinging I he white spray over the HnO-ltlscalm as a mlllpoud, but grey nnd jHcrttl beting, I do not like to drcain of the Hut Twice only have I dreamt of It before Hgr'he Robert ran awuy, nnd again the Bs'i't tefore pnpn died. What It means this Bine I cannot say, only I hope it Is not you BBkat are to be taken, Aune— I have prayed Hteiy day ibose last ten years that I might tlbedrst, for I could not fnce life alone." |H "Tot, tot, Harriet," broke In Miss Anne, pllb a touch of Impatience In her voice, with otter folly, ns I told you before, to at- Bhcbaoy Importance to a dream, hut you always given lo dwelling too much on Mparown thoughts and feelings." ' B ' '1JVC beard you say yourself," added Hits Harriet, quickly, "that when you drenm Hftbosc who are dead something unusual Is Br'e la happen." B we have no proof that Robert Is fail." continued Miss Anne, and: her , thin Haprs trembled a little as she tied a branch Hits stake. H'-H.d he been still alive ho would have BP bMk before now," returned Miss Hnr- ve , sorrowfully; "It Is long since I gave up »'Peotover seeing htm again, hut it Is pos- jW -tof course—we have discussed the mat- Blbt ' ,",'U"iat fbero may be someone who Bbe Por,y yenrs lB 11 >0nK Bur m hobert was not one to lead a soll- HL,,"' „ " Kvlovcs me often, Anne, to Boa Im" M'alB 'Cl n" our money must Bui< o 'C 'm"cls 01 utrnngers, when by BL." W des''oud t0 Robert's chil- added 11133 Anne, dryly, R "or"/ fro'" ber sister to tlm their oo r"Cb0'1, a"a for th0 tIme »bN ter110," cpasco- Tbcy iiad BL lb, „,0 „ m WCr IoUerl"ff al,out ffftlrS ! 1 11u"blnc- when Jemima, Bmiee for , ®aM -"o had been In their Bp«e lo tell n mr"' came out of thc Hh"bl who v, anted th#t " sonlIcmnn bad Hk. vtr>' specially to sec R««rorise,"inlm.ar' rcpcatca Miss V rprlso- d0» t you know who he Rten eo1/?T0rC'1' "but he's no a UK »o's youne ?,p0|'ly bDlo"sln' to this Bf""'! I've so! bnndsomc, thougli, I ttb t nn"!/0! ,n'k tbat I Rket t00' Annc." uald B> " hot1"8'3- 08 bM sl8ler turned R.' '"Prompt0 rol'oln f Seo 113 both," B, put bio |o dcr' the door! C!f'" Snld Jcmini». Ma 1 . ano ' they eo„! . m,cht turn B>i|lt r'c 3«0 a-days 11,?, bofles that bio np dldnn Boom worth ",c "b't to the drawin- room, though he asklt for ye wl' the air o a lord." ' ' ; A slight smile flickered across the fnces of the two sisters, and, stepping indoors, Miss Anne leading, they crossed the hall to the room Indicated by Jemima. At their entrance, n young man who had seated himself beside the French window, rose to his feet, aud met their gaze with bold scrutiny In his dark eyes. He wns tall but slightly built, and though his handsome face was tanned with foreign suns, It was easy to" see at a glance that he was to a certain extent a physical weakling. But what he lacked In bodily strength was amply made np to him mentally. He had more than his share of shrewdness and wit, that too could be seen at a glance, for his eyes were ns keen as' a hawk's, and his features sharp and ob- servnnt, Jemima bad been correct in ber judgment. His fnce wns handsome enough, but Its' expression was distinctly repellent. "Doubtless you are curious, ladies, to know wknt business has brought me here," he began In n soft insidious voice. "Perhaps you will bo kind enough to be seated, for It will take some little time to say all I have got to say." The sisters looked nt each other, then with out a word,' sat down simultaneously. There was a subtle compelling power about' the young man, which somehow denied resist ance. 1 "It Is difficult to know how-to enter upon so delicate a subject- ns that which Concerns me at this mTdetitT'' 'lie continued, '"per haps the easiest; Way 'Will be to plunge Uto the heart of it atf-oneel-'-ffjEijiv.b ctjnibjto claim kinship Vi|b.":3!?ui ladles, belnflA the only son — the diiiy- Vch'ildlndefid'of '-your brother who cmlgrfttdflto; America- ' forty years ago." A sudden cry broke from Miss Harriet's lips, but Miss Annc, repressing her emotion, Instantly made answer: "What proof can you give us of the truth of your words, if — If you were Indeed our brother's son, there would be some likeness to him In your face. I see none — you arc although different from any of our people." "Thnt may he so, madnme," he returned suavely, "In fact It was what my father al ways snld of me, and for that reason he would have wished to he spared to come back with me himself, but Heaven willed otherwise." "You mean — he Is dead?" Miss Hnrrlet murmured tremulously. "Yes, he died a year ago, and It Was only on his death bed that he told mc of his early home and his rclnttves in Scotlnnd. Need less to sny he dwelt with keen regret on the youthful folly which had been the means of separating hi.m from you, and he laid a command upon mc to come to this country and And if you still lived. If so, I wns to tell yon thnt the forging of the cheque In his father's name was the only dishonest deed ot which he had been guilty, though during the first years of his life abroad be had suffered terrible hardships, nnd temptations pressed him on every side. As you are probably aware the repented letters he sent to his father nt thnt time all remained unanswered, so In the end he censed writing altogether. I shall never forget the sorrowful look In Ills eyes when he said he had sinned beyond his father's forgiveness, but faced death bravely know ing thnt God in His mercy would not deny hiih the forgiveness of Henven." Miss Har riet's tears flowed freely during this re- cltnl, and at the Inst words even Miss Annc lost control of her feelings for n moment. "We were not aware ll-nt our brother had ever written," she snld, quickly re gaining her composure. "The letters must hnve been destroyed by our .father, or per haps they may never have reached him. However, nil this Is away from the point. What proof have you to show beyond mere words that you are Indeed our brother's "Documentary evidence, madam, which cannot ho disputed," he answered, with an air of assurance, which jarred upon his lis teners, and while he spoke lie drew a small roll of papers from Ills pocket. "See, hero are the certificates of my fa ther's marriage, and of my birth. My mo ther was an American lady, who died when I was very young. I was the only child born of the marriage, nnd all these years hare been ray father's companion in our many wanderings. He had a very unsettled life, being singularly unfortunate In all Ills under takings, though a better hearted, kindlier man could not exist. More thnu once I have heard him say bitterly that lie wns born under an evil star, for nothing lie tried ever succeeded. At the time of Ills denth we were In California, nt one of the gold min ing settlements, where we earned a fairly comfortable living buying gold from the miners, and selling it again to the merchants. You will find, besides these, other pnpers, the certificate of my fnthcr's death, and here also Is a letter which I was to deliver scaled to you. Now, I think I have tohl every thing as clearly as possible, nnd you have in your bauds sufficient to prove that X am no Impostor." The young man leaned back In his chair when he had finished speaking, and surveyed the two ladles from beneath his half-closed eyelids. Tliey were very much agitated, so much so thnt neither of them was able to speak, hut, bending together over the registered papers spread out on the table, tbey did tbclr best to master their contents; then Miss Annc laid her hand on the scaled letter, and looked, towards the young man. "We would prefer to read this In pri vate," she said with an effort. "As. for these other documents, the mnttcr is one of such paramount Importance, that It will be necessary to place them In the hands of our lawyer. It lias been tbc hope of our lives for years tbat our brother might be restored to. us; thus It Is a painful position In wblch we find ourselves to-day, to have unmistak able proof that you are Ills son, yet to feel unable to recognise you ns sucli. We do not wish to refuse you the hospitality of our house; you are free to remain here and rest yourself, nnd dinner wilt I 0 served in due course; but perhaps you will excuse us Icnv- Ing you now, till we talk the matter over between ourselves." "By all menus, madam; I perfectly under stand your feelings," replied the young man, with the utmost politeness. "This interview has been a trying one for me also, so If you will allow me to step out Into the garden and have a clgnr to calm my feelings a lit tle, It will not be necessary for you to with draw." "As you please," Miss Anne briefly re sponded, "How soon can your lawyer be here?" he asked, rising to his feet. "He lives In St. Cove, and will come nt once If I send a special message," replied Miss Annc. The young man bowed acknowledgement, and, lifting his hat, opened the French win dow nnd stepped into the garden. He was no sooner gone than Miss Harriet seized her sister's arm convulsively. "Anne— this Is the reading of my dream," she said faintly. "I knew something wns coming. If that is Ro bert's son, I wish he had never found ns out. He Is so— so very different from what wo ex pected, and I cannot feel towards him as If he belonged to Robert." "Let us see if this will help ns," returned Miss Anne, lifting the letter, nnd breaking the seal she began to read In a quavering voice: "Dear Sisters, — "It Is with strange feelings I address this letter to you, who may already have quitted this life, as I nm about to do; but In the hope that you still live, I send a few lines by the hand of my son,, praying tbat you will receive him kindly for the sake of what his father once wns to you. In this last hour of my life, my sonl yearns unspeakably for the home nnd friends of my youth, and the boy has heard of you now for the first time. Hitherto, I have kept the past as a sealed book. Ho Is a noble lad, and will bring cre dit to the name which his father has dis honored. I am too weak to say more, hut he will tell you all that concerns me. He writes now at my command, and I shall endeavor to affix my signature. "I am, your affectlonnte brother, "ROBERT JARD1NE." The name would have been quite illegible to one who did' not knoty it, hut Miss Anne read It without pausing, then folded the let ter tromhllugljr. "It seems beyond questioning that he Is Robert's son," she said, "but, 0I1, Harriet, It Is ns you say, our feelings towards bim nre not. what wo expected '.they would be. . Yet ye'mnst put away such feelings, mid make him welcome for Robert's sake, since we can not do it for bis own." . Her composure forsook ber then, and she hastily turned from her weeping sister, to hide the tours that were falling fust from her own eyes. partji.. ' "Aunt Anne, that .domestic of y'onrs has an insuffernbiy rude, tongue. She hns heycr spoken a civil word since I enmo here, and naturally I resent It. Couldn't you look around aud find someone else to fill ' her place?" ', It was a lovely afternoon In August, nnd, the speaker was sitting smoking 011 the steps of the French window n't Craig O'er, while In the room within the ladles were Industriously occupied knitting socks. . "No, Jemima's pluce cnnnot he filled by another, " replied Miss Anne sharply. "Slic has been with us now. for 13 years, and wp feel that she Is quite Indispensable to us. Therefore she will remain as long us we are here." . "Nevertheless, It Is a. mistake to keep ri servant for Buck a time; they begin to Ima gine the place Is their own, and so do just as they please," returned the young man, with Indolent assumption. "Thnt may be your way of thinking. It is not ours," replied Miss Anne, and her words were received with n sarcastic curl of the lip which was not lost upon either of the two ladies. An awkward silence ensued for a few minutes; then the young innu, appar ently finding that the society ot his aunts was not quite congenial, rose and sauntered leisurely down the garden to the sea wall. "It grows worse every day, Anne," snld Miss Harriet as soon as he passed out of hearing. "We have niade a terrible mis- tnke. You feel It just as I do, that that young man Is not Robert's son." "It docs not mnttcr what we feel," replied Miss Anne, "the fact remains that lie Is Robert's son. Mr. Steele gnvc us the fullest assurance that tbc papers were genuine, nnd wc must abide by that." "Robert may bavc been guilty of one dis honest deed, but be had a most lovable na ture, nnd surely one so nearly allied to him could not be so entirely different," continued Miss Harriet bitterly. "All the St. Cove people who knew Robert agree with mc In this, and I can gather that the young man is regarded with growing disfavor on every hand, There must be some good reason for It all, and I am Impelled to pray continually for the clue out of this maze la which we hnve found ourselves." "I am determined on one point," said Miss Anne, "which Is that lie must he set to an occupation of some sort. It Is a disgrace for any young man to Idle away his time ns be is doing, without aim or object In life. He excuses himself, of course, on the plea of delicate health, but If he bad no prospect from us, lie would be forced to work for a living as be bas done, hitherto, and It would be better for him. It docs not surprise ma that Jemima and he are at daggers drawn. He cannot expect1 civility where he gives none, and besides she regards him as an In terloper, who has no 'right to order here nnd there as he Is In the habit 'of doing. Yes, Harriet, n"s Jemima says, it was an ill wind that blew the young man here, for we have bad nothing but trouble and annoyance since be came." "If yon can Induce him to take a situation of some sort, it will be a great relief," added Miss Harriet. "It Is quite beyond me to know bow he can put in day after day, do ing nothing except blowing sinokc Into the air, nnd he Is steady enough at thnt. The pipe Is never out of his mouth, and the whole house recks with the smell of tobacco. IVe have told him till we are tired, and I ain sure tbat we would be obliged If he would smoke out of doors, the smell Is so offensive to us, who have never been used to it, oven In papa's time, but we might as well speak to a stone wall. That Is Jemima letting someone in. "Who can It be, I wonder? Somebody of Importance, surely, for I hoar stops away up to the drawlngroom." The sisters sat in expectant silence for a few minutes, till Jemima knocked at the door, and opening it, walked Into their pre sence with a curious expression of humor and concern on her honest kindly face. "Anithcr young man, mem, as I'm a llvln' woman!" she burst forth excitedly, her eyes fixed on Miss Anne. "An' If he's no the rlcht Jardlne this time, I've made the big gest mistake I ever made I' my life. He's the very walkln' image o' that plctur' 0' Malstcr Robert Irnmgln' up in the bedroom, an' that frank an' open faced, I fair fell In love wl' him, the mlnlt I set eon on him," "Jemima!" interposed Miss Aune both ladles bad started to their feet nt her words — "you really allow your feelings to carry you too far. What did the young man say he wanted?" "Jist to see the Misses Jardlne," was the prompt reply, "gang up the stairs to lilm, an' ye'll find what I've snld Is a' true. I'll kecD an ce on the Ither ane, an' send him up too, wl'oot sayln' what's what, If ye ring the belt ns soon as ye're ready for htm. Brawly wad I like to sec his fnce when he stc-ps into the room, the schcmln' scoundrel thnt bo Is. The Misses Jardlne did not heed Jemima's last words, for they were already half way up the stair; and outside the drawlngroom door they paused for a moment to gather breath before they stepped In. Apparently the young man had never sonted himself, for they found him standing In the wide oriel window looking out to tlio sunlit sea. He turned on their entrance, and came forward, hut so great was his agita tion that he could not speak. Miss Anne ro- gnrded him for one brief moment, then with n low cry she stretched out her thin bands to lilm. "Tbank God, you nre our brother's own son," she uiAruiurcd ns he took her hands In his firm grasp. "You recognise In me some resemblance to my father," he returned, his voice full of emotion. "In that lay my only hope, for I have come to you wltliont proof of nny kind that I am Indeed his son. All my pnpers and a letter written to you were basely stolen by one In whom I trusted as a friend." : ;".You ' are our brother's son," said Miss Hnrrlet, with a Joyful light In her eyes. "It Is shown in every' feature. .of your.fnce, even In the. very.tones . of, your' voice. . Anne, Is It liot Wonderful, that father and! son should he so 'much alike? I feel ns. If .lt were Robert himself 'iviio'stood before us in the flesh." - "Yes, ' it "is /.wonderful," replied Miss Anne. "You; loolt ju'st.exnctly as your father looked foriy years u'gb, when lie went away from us. Your 'age," I think, will exactly correspond wit"h ;iil3 "at that time." She did. not 'wait for ;a"'reply, but suddenly grasping bis arm, drew blni to the window, and pointed. down Into tlio garden. "See, yonder is your false friend," she. con tinued. V ''Two months ago lie came here witbi the papers nnd letter Vlilch we' could not disprove— lie lias forced himself upon us, though wc knew in our hearts lie was no kin of ours." : "What! Do yon mean to say Stnpleton Is here," burst excitedly from Robert Jnrdlnc's lips. , "The wretched villain! hut It Is 111 keeping with the rest of his conduct that lie should try and deprive me of my birthright. I must go to him at once. The sight of mc will make him shake In his shoes, mid lie will take himself off quickly enough, of thnt you inny bo sure." "Stay," snld Mjss Anne again. "We will call hliu up here. Ring the bell, there, Har riet, nnd Jemima will see that he comes. A,ud now, nephew, tell us how he managed to get hold of these pnpers." "It wns I11 this way," replied young Robert Jardlne hurriedly. "After my father's denth which I presume you will have learned took place at Shepherd's Creek, a small Californlnn settlement— I made tbc ac quaintance of Stapleton, nnd ns he seemed a sharp fellow, got him to enter Into partner ship with me 111 carrying on the agency. My Idea was to leave him with It ns soon as I had gathered enough money to bring uio to Scotland, having faithfully promised my father to seek you out with all possible haste. We did very well for a month or two, till I waB seized with a pestilent fever which threatened to lie the deiith of me. "Stnnleton lived with 111c In a small log house, which had been iny. fnthcr's, and ho Attended to nil my wants. So one day. In li brief Interval of consciousness, when there seemed hut small hope of my recovery, I told my father's Btory and showed lilm where to find the papers; these I asked him to scud to you In the event of my death tak ing place. After that 1 remembered nothing more till I waked In the darkness to find my self. alone., and so. weak that I could not stir baud or food to get anythlngI uccdcd. I Iny on for hours, hoping every moment that Stnpleton would turn up; and unable at last to remain longer without food, crawled out of my bed und managed to get n bit of bread, which I soaked In brandy and so revived my self. For two days I managed to struggle on thus, nnd wns discovered nt length by a gold digger, who at once set himself to nurse me back to health — the fever having left me completely. Stapleton bud gone for good, but It wns only when I discovered that he had taken my pnpers with him that Ills cruel treachery dawned upon mc fully." "And this Is the man who has been living at ease In our house all these weeks," cried Miss Anne vehemently. "But lie shall not re main here even another hour— such wicked ness ot heart I cannot imagine." The door opened before the last words had passed Miss Anne's lips, and she turned with flaming eyes to meet the questioning gaze of George Stapleton; but the next mo ment, another than Miss Anno in her fierce wrath absorbed the young man's at tention. He suddenly stood still in the middle of the floor, and stared at Robert Jardlne, with abject terror written oil every. Hue of his face. "I did not die as you Intended I should, so you need not think yon are seeing a ghost," snld Robert Jardlne, stepping to wards him, and speaking In tones of infinite scorn. "You have been very clever, Staple- ton, but In future I would advise you to confine yourself to practices a little less dangerous than your present one. It Is a trifle awkward when you are found out. However, you have done not so bndly since you linve lived off my good aunts for two whole months " "Aud we are so heartily tiisd of you," broke I11 Miss Aune wratbfully, "tbat you'd better take yourself off with all possible baste." "Wull I gang for the policeman, Miss Aune," Jemima's voice wns heard to say. through the open door, and Stnplcton's face, which before had been linggnrd with fear, now heenme agitated with fierce passion. "There Is 110 need for all tills disturbance — I am perfectly willing — glud Indeed to go," he stumbled out confusedly. "I am dead sick of this wretched hole, and (lou't envy you your Inheritance, Jardlne, that's all I've got to say." With these words ho turned, and fled from the room, and under Jemima's supervision, which needless to suy was warmly resented, he made preparations for his departure. "I had to keep a steady ee' on liim to mak' sure that I10 illdna lift onythlng that wnsns his alu," she explained nftcrwards, aud when lie went out with nil his belongings, she shut the door after hhn with a bang which resounded loudly through the whole bouse. ' With the return of the rightful heir, peace wan restored to the home of the Misses Jardlne. They found him nil and more tliaa his father had described . him to he— mnnly, unselfish nnd generous — nnd during their re maining years be made for them all the sun shine and sweetness of their lives. The End. 