A Gblestial Swindle. Fbom the Chinese, by H. Warham. Within the ancient city of Pekin there dwelt a gentleman named Li, who carried on a business of jeweller and moneychanger, and a very profitable business he made of it. A splendid specimen of hi6 rade was Li—crafty, subtle, with a magnificent disregard for the truth, and a bland,*? .smiling countenance innocent enough to disarm all suspicion. It iB a 'well-known fact that a Jew can hoodwink the devil, a Greek can outwit a Jew, and an Armenian will cheat all three; but the average Chinee will give the Armenian a long start and a beating, and Li was not by any means the least knowing of bis race. But there were many gentlemen in Pekin who were one too many for Li, as the sequel will show. One glorious morning, when all men ought to have been in the best of humors, if weather lias any influence on our spioits, a man entered Li's shop looking the picture of misery. His white face was tbin and pinched, and his garments were old and threadbare, though there seemed to be a certain amount of endeavor to show them to their best advantage. He was what we should call a ' shabby genteel' person in this country. With many bows and shakings of his head, be approached Li and asked him, in quavering tones, if he wanted to buy a bracelet. ' Hum; buy a bracalet ? Let me have (i look at it first,' replied the ever-cautious Li. With trembling bands the man produced the article from the folds of his dress,and banded it to Li. It was a pretty little bracelet, and probably worth five or sis dollars. Li examined it carefully, and then looked Bearchingly at the man. ' Is this yours ?' he asked, sternly. ' Ah, yes, sir, it is now. It belonged to my poor wife, but. she—alas, she is dead 1' and he drew his hand across his eyes, while two or three large tears trickled down Ins cheeks. 'Dear, dear,' exclaimed Li, who was all sympathy in a moment, ' very sad, indeed. How it muBt cut you to the heart to have to sell her jewellery ! I remember my own poor wife'—and he shook Lis head, while a sympathetic tear rolled down his nose. (Li was a bachelor, bat one must sympathise with customers). ' Ah, it is indeed a wrench,' replied the m^n, 'but, alas, I cannot belp myself. Mine is a very 6ad story. I had a long illness which prevented me doing any work, and when I recovered my wife was taken ill and died. It exhausted all my savings^to pay the doctor, and I've had to eell all my own things to be able to bury my poor wife decently. Now lam forced to sell her trinkets, or I shall starve. My brother, who lives at Hsi-ho-huang, and is very well off, promised to belp me, but I haven't heard from him for a long time. Oh, dear, whatever shall I do ?' and once more he went copiously. 4 Very sad, very sad,' said Li, dropping another tear himself. Then, as the business man reasserted himself,' How much dp yon want for this bracelet?' he demanded. 4 Oh, sir, I will leave that to you, only please make it as much as yon can, for my poor wife's sake.' ' Well, I will give you a dollar,' said Li, in a tone intended to express unbounded generosity. ' It is hardly worth it, but I will take the risk.' * Oh, sir, can't you make it more than that—just a little bit? Only try to imagine yourself in my place, and I am Bare your generous heart will lead you to give me a little more/ 'iWell, I will say a dollar and a quarter, said Li magnanimously, I shall lose money by it, but as it is you—why, I will make a Bftprifice.' But further negotiations were abruptly fcrdjjcetf off by tbe hurried entry of a man who ruehed into the shop and, addressing the lachirmose widower, said, 'Is your <5htt6?' t^yes,'; replied that individual, looking vprj surprised, my name is Chao.' 'Ab, they told me at your house you liatf'corae on-here, so I came after you. Ijere is a parcel and a letter from your brotljer at H'si-ho-huang; he asked me tb bring them to you as I was coming to Pekin. - ©lad I halve found you—hope you are better. Can't stop now—have some very important business—look you pp tbis«rening, perhaps; good morning,' and he was gone again, leaving poor Obao looking the picture of bewilderment. However, be pulled himself #getber opened bis fctter. After staring perplexedly at it for some time he turned to Li and said: ' Sir, I am vory Borry to trouble you, but I can't read. Would you mind reading this letter to me ?' ' Certainly,' replied Li, always affable to customers, jmd he took the'letter. * Hum, hum, ah—yes; your brother is is quite well, thank, you, and hopes yon are the same; says he is sorry he cannot come to see you yet, but he is very busy at present, so sends you ten ounces of silver and hopes you will be able to get work again soon.' This great news bad an almost electrical effect on Chao. With feverish baBte he unwrapped his parcel and displayed the silver in little ignots. ' Blessed be my brother, he has saved me from starvation,' he said piously. ' I shan't want to sell that bracelet now,' he continued in a more matter of fact tone, ' but would you mind changing this silvfer for me ?' So he weighed it and found there was eleven ounces. 'This is lucky,' he thought. 'That letter only bays ten ounces, and the man does not know any different. I can make an ounce of silver over tliis. Yes, it is all right,' he said, turning to Chao, ' How would you like your change ?' 'Let's see. I will'have it in dollars and cash, please,' replied the woeful one. So Li commenced counting out the dollars and cash. ' Do you want a bill with it ?' he asked. 'Well, it doesn't matter much, but still, I had better have oue. It is the usual thing, isn't it ?' 'Oli, yeB, we are supposed always to give one when we change bullion,' replied Li the wily. He shovelled out his dollars and cash, not forgetting to deduct a liberal commission, and made out the customary bill for ten ounces of silver changed and the amount given for it. Chao pocketed both money and bill, and departed with many thanks and blessings on Li for his courteous consideration. He had not been gone ten minutes before a man rushed into the shop. ' I say, was that a man called Chao I saw leaving here a little while ago ?' he demanded breathlessly. ' Yes, what of him ?' replied Li. ' Why, my good sir, he's the greatest Bwiudler in Pekin. You did not do any business with him, I do hope?' ' Yes, I did. I changed ten ounces of silver for him,' said Li. Ten ounces of . Oh, my dear man, did you examine it carefully ? It's a million chances to one he's done you. Why, he is a most notorious scoundrel. Where is the silver ? Look at it, man ; look at it! I am sure it is bad,' and the man pranced about the shop in wild excitement. Li began to feel rather nervous. He remembered he bad only given a very cursory glance at the silver, so he fetched it at once and scrutinised it with the utmost care. It looked very good silver, but Li was up to all the tricks of the trade now his suspicions were aroused, so he seized a knife and.cut the end of one of the ingots. A thin strip of silver came off, exposing a lump of lead underneath. Only the thin coating of the ingot was silver, all the rest was nothing but common lead. The newcomer was right, Li had been done. With a howl of rage, he snatched the other ingots and submitted them to the same test, with the same result, nothing but lead, lead, lead. Then Li's urbanity forsook him altogether, and he swore as only a Chinese can swear. Then he recollected himself, and thirsted for revenge. ' Did you see where that villain went ?' be shouted, turning to the man who was listening to his epithots in silent admiration. ' Well—yes, I did; but I hardly like to tell you. There's more than one in his gang, and J will most likely get into trouble if I give him away.' ' I will give you a couple of dollars if you will tell where I can catch him,' cried Li. 'Make it five and I'll chance it,' replied the man. When a Chinee is thirsting for revenge he does not hesitate at trifles. Li handed oyer the five dollars at once. ' Now, let me know where that chap has gone,' he vociferated, ' Well, he is having dinner in that eating-house over the way,' replied the man, pocketing the dollars, '.if you. run over there now you will just.catch him; but, for goodness sake, don't get me mixed up in the business: I should not be safe for a minute if they knew X gave you tho information.' So lie departed, and -Li only waited long enough to give his assistant instructions to mind the shop while he' was away. Then he snatched np the fateful silver, flew across the road to the eatinghouse, and rushed inBide. There was Mr. Chao. sitting down very comfortably, just about to 'commence a very good dinner. He waB no .longer the woe-begone individual he had appeared when haggling over the price of a bracelet with Li; on the contrary, he now seemed on the very.., best of terms with himself and the whole world. Li rushed np to him, his face distorted with passion. ' What do you mean lily selling me that bad silver, yon iniquitous product of a long line of tortoises ? You came to the wrong shop to play that game, I can tell you, my boy. Here, landlord, just fetch , in a policeman, will you f This infamous scoundrel has palmed off a lot of bad silver on me. I will have him before the mandarin and strung up by bis pigtail for this.' Hp came the landlord, and all the other diners in tfia-room crowded round to see the fun. Chao rose, calm and collected. ' My good sir, I really don't quite grasp your meaning. Do you mean to tell me the silver you changed for me was bad ?' 'Of course it'was—and you knew it, you scoundrel,' shouted Li, who was within measureable distance of apoplexy with rage. ' Look at it, no silver about it, it is all lead,' and he dashed the metal down before Cbao. Chao took up a piece and examined it. 70a are quite right,' be widj ' how extremely unfortunate. Sly brother must have been deceived himself; be would never have sent mo sucli stuff as this knowingly ; there is a lot of bad silver about now, I know. Well, sir, of course I must return you die money you _gave me for it,- and I regret exceedingly that such an unfortunate thing should have occurred. Landlord, would you mind weighing this metal;—just as a matter of form, you know,' he added turning to Li, and before that gentleman could thoroughly grasp what was happening, the landlord had taken to his scales and was weighing it. Eleven ounces, sir,' he callei out. 'Oh, nonsense,' returned Chao, 'your scales must be wrong. There are only ten ounces there.' ' Excuse me, sir, my scales are Government scales, and weigh to the fraction of a grain,' said the landlord testily. ' Here you can see for yourself,' and he brought tho scales over for all to see. Sure enough, the spurious metal bought by Li kicked the beam at eleven ounces. For a moment Chao stimulated a look of blank amazement, and then a gleam of intelligence spread over his face, and, turning to Li, he broke forth into a torrent of invective. ' Yon infernal old scoundrel. What do yon mean by trying to palm this thrash off on me. Look here, gentleman all. This morning I took this chelonian reprobate ten ounces of good silver which my brother had just sent me,-and he changed it for me—gave me dollars and cash for it. and charged a most exorbitant commission, too. Here is his bill made out .in his own handwriting—ten • ounces of silver..changed. And—now lie has the impudence to .come here - with eleven ounces of veneered lead, and swears I sold it do him. By great Confucius's ghost, I'll have you before tho.mandarin, you bald-beaded swindler, trying to rob a poor widower in that barefaced^asbiou. Here, landlord, fetch me a policeman, will you?' But JDi did not wait for any further arrangement® to be made. Appearances and public opinion were'both against him, so lie fled hurriedly back to his shop. The fraud bad been most successfully carried out, and poor Li had been'<had' all round. The men who brought the bogus letter and silver to Chao was one accomplice, and -the individual who gave information as to Chao's whereabouts was another. Some Jellow who knew what be was talk, ing about said, " You cannotseea good show too often." If this remark applies to anythingit is to that evergreen plaoe of amuse- .merit, tbe Oyclorama inSydney ; no matter how often you go you 8Be«outething fresh in that mysterious Hall of Illueiohe, whure there are now shown so many brain bnzzlers and beautiful sights, one of whioh is worth the modest shilling which, passes you both ;to the Oyclorama and to the Hall of Illusions, Tha management have determined to make the Illusions a epeoial feature and thoroughly up-to-date.* 