THE CRICKET MATCH. Saturday's Play. The cricket match-, Between Victoria and. New South Wales was resumed at noon on the Sydney. Cricket Ground.- The weather was warm, with a heat haze and a moderate breeze from the north-east. The attendance when Noble sent down the first ball was be- tween 2000 and 3005, und a heavy Influx alter the luncheon adjournment was assured. When stumps wore drawn yesterday the visitors had lost seven valuable wickets for 154, and with three more to fall were still 288 behind the New South Wales total of 442. Accordingly, it rested with Trumble, Glller, M 'Michael und Johns to wipe off the odd 8s, und save a follow-on, Except-for some bril liant und unexpected stand it was to the in terests 'of the visitors to follow on, and have their second, knock before any serious wear and tear affected -the -accuracy of the pitch. To send the home eleven in on a wicket that had stood about. 900 runs— which was -a fair prospective aggregate — would certainly en hance the chances of 'the southerners. CILLER'S PERFORMANCE. Such was the situation when Giller (02) and .Trumble (12) again wont to the wickets. Of the former It may bo suld' that his runs so far had been compiled by hitting which wus more noticeable for its unwavering" accuracy than for a brilliant variety of strokes. Taken in conjunction with his three wlelcets for 4(1 lie justified the mention of his name for a place in the team for England. The two performances would, of course, have not at tracted such marked attention had it not been for liis previous successes this season in- intercolonial matches. For five past innings his average was '36.00 (fourth to Luver, ,Wor- lall and Stuekey), and his bowling average .ten wickets for 19.40 runs a piece. The two Victorians, who— after Johns, -who Is certain — hold the pride of place for attention by the selection committee are Laver nnd Giller, both sound, all-round men! The majority of the "certainties" for England have banded to gether to take 13 men only, but it remains to be seen whether they will overcome the judgment of critics -iviio have the Interests of cricket alone at heart, with 110 ulterior, or per sonal, considerations. TRUMBLE CAUGHT BY KELLY. Noble bowled to Giller from' the southern end, and tlie over was a maiden. M'Klbbin bowled to Trumble, and tlie first run of the day was a glance to leg' for a single. In Noble's second over'Trumble square-cut him for 4, the ball beating Newell to tlie boun dary. He drove his sixth ball to the 011 for 2 Ciller opened most effectively by hooking M'Klbbin to . the fence, and square-cutting ilim for 2. So fur out of G8 Giller lind beauti fully placed 10 fourers', and In Noble's next oyer he swung liim round for another quar tette, and placed 72 opposite Ills name out of a total of 172. The same over he simi larly placed a full-pitched ball to the leg boundary, but wound up with a drive which dropped uncomfortably close to the bowler and Dcmnan nt mld-on. Trumble added jt at. M'Kibbtn's expense, and getting opposite M'Klbbin magnificently square-cut him for 4\. Twenty- seven runs had been netted in seventeen minutes, nnd Giller kept up the average by dragging M'Klbbin to leg for 4, and hooking him for a single. The wliirly bowler then sent down' a fine ofl-brealt, which crept round Trurnble's bat and cnused mo mentary apprehension, and his sixth ball rose dangerously, and was missed by the bats- roan. Giller was loudly applauded 011 reach ing SO,, nnd lie supplemented his fine score by a single and n pretty square-leg stroke off Pye, who had supplanted Noble (three for 77). But the end had come, Trumble touch ing the fifth ball of the over, nnd giving Kelly a chance, which , was snapped up. He re tired for 24 runs, half of which was compiled in boundary strokes. During his stay he gave two chances. His Innings reduced. his intercolonial average, which previously stood at 27 per innings, to 20.4. As he de parted the board showed 8—24 — 189. Ills was the first wicket to Pye's credit, and that : bowler's average was one for 30. GILLER DISA1ISSED FOR ST. M'Mlchael partnered Giller, who was play ing with consistent' steadiness for Ills not-, out. With two wickets to fall 04 runs were required to save the follow-on, and apart from possible sub rosa desires the Issue on that critical point was still In doubt. The last partnership added 52. The opening of M'Mlchael was hardly reassuring, and he spooned in nervous fashion at M'Klbbln's off- breaks. He broke Ills blob with a single, and in the curly bowler's next over lilt him to the on for another. Giller added a single, and then his fine Innings terminated. Getting under one of Pye's deliveries he lifted him to extra mld-off, where Gregory accepted the easiest of catches. The display of Giller ranks with one of his most notable efforts, and It was particularly meritorious, in view of the dis couraging exhibition of his predecessors at the wickets, M'Leod and Worrall.. I-Jo scored 87, in which there were 13 boundary strokes. The bowling, moreover, was excellent, and it Is doubtful whether Noble, M'Klbbin, and Howell were ever so unanimously deadly. Giller has now scored 270 runs In the 1S8S-9 Intercolonial, with an average toy six Innings of 45. When he was dismissed the score was 9— 87— 194. . VICTORIANS ALL OUT FOR 215. The luBt partnership was formed by M' Mlchael and Johns, and'tlie former, batting pluckily, and with increasing confidence; ran into double figures. Jolins is better behind the sticks than in front of them, and after he had damaged Pye's figures with a quartette, Gregory tossed the ball to Howell to effect a separation. The Central . Cumberlander bcwled to M'Mlchael, and the' fourth ball of tlie over was cut square and low to point, where Noble effected a smart catch, and pocketed the ball as a trophy. The innings 'closed with the board recording 10—19—215. Being ovSr 200 runs behind' the Victorians had to follow on. . ; ' . Howell had the host-- average, his three wickets. costing 7.60 a piece. Noble's three' wickets cost 25.00 each, Pye's two wickets 24 runs' a piece, and M'Klbbln's two wickets 32.5 a piece. VICTORIANS FOLLOW ON. At 1.20, with a deficiency of 227-and a wicket still playing well, the Victorians commenced their second . essay. The order of batting was changed to Worrall and M'Mlchael, in place of Laver and M'Leod, an Indication that the visitors .'Intended to force matters. Pye, whose recommendation: Is a leg-break', with a clever mixture of pace, sent a malt'/ n to Worrall. In six minutes 15 runs -were notched, eleven being oft Noble. There were cries from, tlie crowd of "Put Howell on." Worrall, who had already driven Noble for 4 and 2,: smote him first' to tlie on and then to the off' In the succeeding- over, the ball 011 each occasion reaching: the fence. 'This ag gressive batting, shook lip the. spectators. At the adjournment' for . luncheon the score stood: Worrall. 14; M'Mlehael; 9; none for 23. . ONE WICKET FOR 27. : On resuming Pye bowled to M'Mlchael, and no rims came from. the over. Howell reliev ed Noble at the northern end, against the wind, which had veered round to Bouth-eaBt. Tlie attendance wub between 8000 and 9000. Tlie first, run dame from Worrall, who drove Howell for 1, and 'in. Pye's next over he glanced him prettily, to "leg", --for a , single. Howell sent a maiden to the same batsman, whose singles were giving him the bulk of the batting.. In Pye's following -over, with the Victorians at 27, or 200 behind the home team's score, the partnership was broken. The batsman : cut tlie third ball of the over Into Noble's hands at point In precisely the snme manner as in his first Innings; The catch was smart, and elicited applause. As M'Mlchael made a vacancy for Graham, the board recorded 1—11—27; Pye, one wiclcel f01 WOR BALL'S BRILLIANT HITTING. With a great uphill battle before them a deal depended on the stand of Worrall and Gra ham, and the 'utter evidently felt the respon sibility. He opened with a single off Pye, ar.d his next score came from Howell — a late cut, which made the pace to third man, and yielded his second single. The batting may be Judged by the fact that there were eight consecutive strokes for 1 each. Pye sent a maiden to Graham, and Worrall, turning his attention to the on. swung Howell round In desperate fashion tor 1. Graham, getting the strike, opened his shoulders, and made the finest stroke since resuming— a hard, low drive, which seoratA the turf right to the fence. TVurraiT determined to effect a transformation in Ills hotting tactics, and timing Pye to perfection, lilted the first ball of his next over to the country, where it bounded over the rails, cut the second for an other tiuartette, and despatched the third in the same direction for 2, making 10 off his bat for the over. The batsmen, however, could not get Howell away, nnd another maiden to Graham ensued. Worrall relished Pye's me diums, (ind ran his scoro tr 31 with a supcb straight drive, which gave Donnan no show on the boundary. In the same over he lashed Pye at great pace past mld-on, and' for the sake of variety cut him gently for 1. Pye was becoming very expensive, Ills last two overs having damaged his figures to the extent of 19, all to. Worrell's credit. With Worrall at 39 . and the total 57 the Victorian skipper got opposite. Howell. He played awkwardly at Ills, fifth ball, which he should have sent to leg. but .the last ball of the over,: gave him his chance, and lasliing out in his most forcible stylo the leather rose on a whizzing llight towards tiie members' pavilion. Iredale was on the boundary, and shot his arm out, but though he almost brushed the ball, ho had not the ghost of a chance, and it landed on the .cycling track, . / WORRALL CAUGHT BY IREDALE. In Pye's next over Worrnll continued to bat' with great -brilliancy. Twice the ball sliot to the boundary, the-first stroke placing It on the track over Trumper's head.. Worrall was now 51, of which no' less than 40 represented boundary strokes. ' The three last overs gave him 28. The attainment of his lialt'-centuiy was greeted; with pro longed cheering,-. As a display of aggressive batting it was one of the finest, feats of the season. Noble replaced Rye at the southern end. Worrall greeted him by pulling, him to leg, and late cutting him for 4," making the total one for 80. In his next over, lie lifted him straight, and Donnan hud a hard cliance In the centre of the asphult circle. He got under the ball: but failed to liold it. Worrall was 03, and he put 011 five by pulling Noble to the on boundary, and lifting him to the ol'f for u single. The latter was beautifully placed, and Trumper running in from the track could not rench It. In Howell's next over the sensational Innings closed. .With Ills ambition on .a quintette Worrall got the force of his bat 011 to the ball, and lifted It high townrds Iredale, who was waiting at long-on. Through his career Iredale hns never been known to drop a cliance In the out-field and he maintained his reputation by accept ing the catch In the coolest possible fashion. Worrall was accorded a well-merited ovation. He scored (18, of .whldh 50 wore In fourers. He was batting 53 minutes. The score as he re tired was 2— OS— 93, und Howell's figures were one wicket for 20. Wovrall's average hi this season's Intercolonlals Is hoiv 48:7i. Pre- ' vious to the present match it was 52.80. ' THREE FOR 100. The simmer of excitement died away as Stuekey, who scored 28 In the first Innings, joined Graham. The latter, content to score off any thing . loose, reached 19, and Stuekey played a fourer to leg, and added a single. He was instrumental in bringing up tlie 100, which occupied exactly one hour. The bowl ing combination was Noble and Howell. M' Klbbin for some reason was held, in- reserve, not having been tried In the Victorian's se cond Innings. Another disaster was brewing for the visitors, Stuekey making a complete mull of a delivery from Noble, and playing It, to slow music from the band, Into the hands of Howell at poult. With the score 3—5—100 matters looked very unsatisfactory from the visitors' standpoint, and there were some ap prehensions of a rot, and a one-Innings' de feat. ' ' STAND BY GRAHAM AND LAVER. Laver, who put up 16 in the first Innings, joined Graham, but before lie scored Noble stuck lii:n up with a couple of balls. The batsman snicked the third of the over, and It flew between Iredale and M'Klbbin in the slips. Iredale made a great plunge, but could not possibly reach the ball, and It tra velled to the fence. Graham scored steadily, and presently brought up 120 by placing Howell through the slips for 4. Laver was cautious to a degree opposite Noble, and had to Jamb his bat on 'to a couple of stinging yorkers. M'Klbbin exhibited fine fielding in the slips, and Gregory's plckirig-up on the off was generally beyond re proach. Howell kept, a sterling pitch, and proved least- expensive of the howling triumvirate. His(analysis was free ly interlarded with maidens. With the total at 127 Graham glanced Noble for 4, and How ell, sending down a maiden, Graham again faced the Pudillngton bowler, and "back-cut him very finely to the boundary. The stroke gave Iredale what Hibernian scribes . bare called an "impossible chance," the leather going like ,«i streak of lightning under the fieldsman's left hand. When two had been added Newell was given Ills first- try with the ball, and Graham hit him for a single. The change was a double one, Gregory , tossing the ball to M'Klbbin for tlie first time dur ing the Innings. Graham smothered his open- ing off- break, turned his third delivery to leg for 2, stepped across and smote the fourth to the square-leg boundary, and owing to mis- fielding by Trumper got 2 off the last ball In the same direction. He simultaneously, achieved his half- century, having batted for one hour and twenty-five minutes. As Gra ham Is supported in Melbourne for a place in the team for England each run was of Intrin sic value to him.. Laver slowly reached double figures. When the 4 o'clock adjourn ment took place the Victorians still wanted 77 to save a one- lnnlngs defeat, the scores be ing: Graham; 54; Laver, 10; three wickets for 110\. , FIATE BOWLING AND SLOW BATTING. , The partnership added 40 before the ad journment, and on resuming Graham scored- a single off Howell. The same batsman drove Pye straight for 1. Noble's fine 'work at point was a feature of -the over. In the first in nings Graham scored only 11, and failed to get .going, but he now bade fair to make the highest score of the visitors. Laver was sta tionary at 10. for an almost Incredible tlrhe, and eventually added a single by square-cut ting Pye. Six overs since the adjournment were punished l'or only 3 runs. Laver brought - up 155 by sweeping Howell to the on for a brace. Graham livened up matters slightly in Pye's next over by late-cutting him for 2, of which one represented an overthrow, 'and by hitting him to the square-leg boundary for 4. "When Graham was 62 Howell com pletely beat him with a-beautlful ball, which whipped off the pitch, and there were loud-; . exclamations, "bowled liim." ' But . the wic ket was missed by the fraction of an inch, and the ball travelled to the asphalt for 4 byes: Kelly was so certain that the stumps would ; be prostrated that be made no attempt to stop Its passage. Noble replaced Pye at . the southern end, and Laver sweetly back- cut him to the rails, and brought up 172. ...... THE SECOND CENTURY GAINED. , The batting was Intermittently interesting, Graham hovering over Worrnll's score, anjl Laver plodding through the twenties. Gra ham, after repeated attempts to get the ball through the off-elrcle, late-cui Howell to the boundary, - and beenme highest scorer of tlie Innings with 70. With the tola: nt three for 186 M'Klbbin, who had bowled only two overs at a cost of 9 runs, was substituted for Howell, and Graham welcomed him with an 'olf-drlve for 4, a risky leg-stroke to the boun dary, and a straight drive for 1. This took him within 7 of Glller's fine score, and In Noble's next' over,. .he bridged- 4 of them, and by stealing' a'-;slnglo for a squhre-leg pnt carried the totul to 200. The second century was complied In two hours and 29 minutes. -Laver square-cut Howell \o thn boundary, which' made him 30, and. followed It with another out . which realised 2, and. an off-drive for 4— a total of 10 for the over, all to the tall batsman's credit. In Noble's next over Graham late out him' for 2, and drew level with Glller's score. He - back-cut the same bowler for 4, and became the highest Victorian scorer with 91. The fifth hall of the over was driven to the off, boundary, and the sixth was'late-eut for. 1, making Graham "7 ... GRAHAM 100. Graham added two singles, and at. this juncture wanted 2 to reach Ills 100, .while the total required the same number to wipe off, the deficiency of 227. Trumper was called-in fiom the outfield to replace Noble, and Gra ham, amid cheering, with an ol'f boundary stroke reached -three figures. Laver almost Immediately topped his lialf-oentury; after batting : the hour and 35 minutes. It is interesting to com pare this with Graham's time for the century, viz., two hours and 20 minutes. At 243 Howeli was tried vice M'Klbbin, and at 250 Noble re turned to the southern end. . The partner ship had added 1-14, and without altering the score Noble clean bowled Laver, who was 55. The stand was Invaluable to tlie visitors. On Laver's retirement the board recorded 4—55— 250; Graham 105; Noble, two wickets for 80. Giller joined Graham. When Graham was .107 he was missed by M'Klbbin in. the slips oft Ifowcll, and at 120 he narrowly escaped being I .'illiantly cauglit by. Howell, off M'Klbbin. Giller was at the wickets 15 minutes without scoring. " At live minutes to 6 Graham was -smartly stampod by Kolly. oil' M'Klbbin, and stumps were drawn; with the tctal at'flve wickets -for 271'. . \ NEW. SOUTH WALES ; , ' First Innings .- '442: VICTORIA. " . First Innings M'Leod, ' b M'Klbbin 1 Laver, b Noble ...... .............. ......... 16. Worrall, b M'Klbbin .-. . 9 Graham, c>Pye, b Noble 11 Stuekey, c Kelly, b Howell ............... 28 Giller, c Gregory, b Pye -87 Warne, b Howell .; ......J.... 0 Biuce, b Noble 5 Trumble, e Kelly, b Pye 24. M'Mlchael. c Noble, b Howell ........... .. 19 Johns, not out 4 Sundries ... 2 Total 215 Bowling Analysis.— Howell,: 19.2 overs, 23 runs, 10 maidens, 3 wickets; Noble, 32 overs, 77 runs, 12 maidens, 3 wickets; Pye," 13 overs, 48 runs. 3 maidens, 2- wickets;- I'Kibbln,. 26 overs, 65 runs, 5 maidens: 2 wickets. 1 VICTORIA. . Second Innings. M'Micliael. c Noble, 1) Pye 11 Worraii, c Iredale, li Howell G8 Qrahain. at Kelly, b M'Klbbin 124 Stucliey,- c Howell. 'b .Noble 5 Laver, b Noble 55 Giller, .not out 0 Sundries 8 " . 'C.... Five wickets for 371 Bowling Analysis,— Noble, two wickets for >87; M'Klbbin, one Tor 4G; .Pye, one for 45; Howell, one for 03: Newell, none for- 8;' Trum per, none for 15; Donnan, none for 0. - ' 