AT THE POINT OP DEATH. By K. L. Whekky. Guy Weather cliff had married, at the age of twenty-four, a lady several years older than himself. It was a love match, pure and simple, and, despite the slight disparity in age, everything seemed to augur well for the happiness of the pair. Guy had what, in journalistic parlance, would he called “ a soft job.” He suc ceeded his father aB proprietor and editor of a well-established weekly provincial newspaper. Mrs- Guy was a woman of just sufficient energy and resource to counterbalance a slight want of ballast in her husband’s character. The paper ran on oiled wheels, money came into Guy’s exchequer even faster than it had in his father’s day. The pair were popular with all classes, and Guy would build pretty castles in the air; sometimes he would be for retiring on the fortune that his paper was undoubtedly making; sometimes he would be for entering Parliament. His wife encouraged him to go in for municipal honors, and in every way succeeded in that imperceptible trick a clever woman intuitively has—of feeding the ambition of a naturally indo lent, but clever, man. It was generally admitted that Guy might do anything, though at the University he had only taken a moderate degree; but now with the incentive of a certain and prosperous future, and a name to be gained in the world of literature, people began to really believe in his brilliant prospects, and to prophesy all sorts of successes for the young editor. Just when the sun seemed brightest, and no cloud appeared possible on the horizon of his life, Guy was struck down by a blow which dazed him with its suddenness and-intensity. The pair had " been married nearly two years, and the crowning point of their happiness was in the anticipation of an heir—or heiress— “they didn’t much mind which,’’ they laughingly told each other. This great event passed over, the doctor congratu lated Guy upon the arrival of a little son. With care the mother would soon bo all right, and the joy in the house of Weathercliff was unbounded. On the tragedy which followed it is not necessary to dwell; a sudden, unexpected access of fever, twenty-four hours of supreme anxiety and misery for Guy—the doctor, quite unnerved and worn out with sus pense and watching, silently signalled the unhappy man to the bedside of his wife. It was soon all over, and in a few days wife and child were laid in the same grave. Guy was prostrate with a grief such as only those can realise who have known undiluted joy, and had it suddenly snatched away. Gay hat! a jnnrnalmfcie friond, a man who had struck up chumship with him while at college. William Blunt was just the man for the emergency. He came down to his friend, and with a tact often found in men of the George Warrington type, succeeded in drawing Guy to some extent out of the lethargy of despair which had seized him. Blunt proposed a short walking tour through the Highlands of Scotland. Guy wa3 indifferent, but allowed himself to be persuaded. On their tramps Blunt cautiously approached the subject of the future, advised Guy to let the newspaper for a term of years, and seek distraction in foreign travel. This very desirable advice was accepted by.the listless Guy, who started without any enthusiasm for the Continent, having, however, promised his friend to ply note book and pencil, and to keep up a corres pondence from time to time. Eight years elapsed before the incident occurred which is the subject of this true story. Guy had travelled all over the world, had filled innumerable sketch books, made endless chance acquaintances, and acquired quite the air of the profes sional globe-trotter. He had been accus tomed to start on any journey at any moment, just as the fancy struck him, and one day a letter from Blunt deter mined him to repair to London, see his friend, and possibly arrange for the publication of some of his adventures. His sorrow had left only a dull pain ; he had felt that the warmth of his friend’s hand, the sound advice he could rely on, . ..-would help him to carry into effect a half-formed resolution which had been borne in upon him repeatedly in recent days. It was not too late to take up his journalistic career where he had dropped it; Blunt was the man to put him in the right way, and his life, though warped, need not be wholly wasted. The two friends met at a West End hotel, and discussed matters at length with a relish that astonished Guy, and secretly delighted Blunt.' The former seemed quite enthusiastic in his idea of re-entering the journalistic ranks, though he avowed the impossibility of returning to the paternal paper, and re-opening old memories too vividly. Blunt had a scheme ready—he always had. While Guy had been seeing the old world and the new, the other had been steadily grinding away at his profession, and now held the position of editor on a wealthy daily paper in one of the larger Northern cities. Blunt’s proposition was that Guy should come on his paper as a confidential assistant editor. Salary not being a great object, the arrangement was easily made, and in less than a month Weathercliff was installed in his chair, and began working with the steadiness of the proverbial new broom. Guy took up his abode in a hotel, but as his resources wore somewhat diminished during his years of travel, determined to seek for suitable lodgings not too far from . the printing house, and one Saturday saw him start on this desirable quest. A modest card in the window of a low built old-fashioned house struck his attention. The street was a busy one ; shops had been built in the front of many of the houses, and though the district was one which might not commend itself to the fastidious man who had been for years accustomed to the luxuries of modern hotel life, there was something quaint and old-fashioned about this particular dwell ing which led Guy to pass the heavy iron railings, and lift the brazen knocker on the ancient oaken door. The natural reticence which Guy had ; never lost made him wait and wait with- • out knocking a second time. He was i hesitating whether to slip out again into i the busy street, or to wait events, when t he heard a light footfall. The door swung ; gently back, and a young lady—undoubt- 1 edly a young lady—appeared in the dusky 1 entrance. . i “ I am looking for rooms,” stammered i Guy, “but—” “ Como inside, please,” was the jm- < mediate answer, In softer tones than £ Guy, the man of the world, could have i dreamed of from any letter of lodgings, s He stepped into the slight vestibule, and, following a half-motion from the hand of the lady, found himself in a fair-sized room, suggestive of oak and books and tapestry. . The spirit of ad' venture seized on Guy, and overcame the natural nervousness of the man. The lady turned up the gas and mur mured a half apology for the absence of her servant. He saw under the gleam ing gasalier a slight lady, dressed in deep mourning, but beyond the fact that her hair was the color of pure silver, for a moment could scarcely overcome his nervousness sufficiently to notice more. The room was such as he, tra velled man as he was, had never seen. Every scrap of the wall wa3 covered with shelving of dark oak, or filled with pictures of a deep tone, with bits of tasteful drapery here and there. Guy took in the effect by gradual gasps. Every bookshelf was filled with books, apparently bound with the taste of a con noisseur., A few words as’ to price, conveying of baggage, and the rest, and Guy was out in the Btreet again, reflecting on what he had done. Under the wonderful silver hair wa3 a fa6o that haunted him to his hotel. The straight nose, the short lip, the lovely contour of the young woman who had admitted him, her very voice danced before his eyes. He made a hurried mental note of his engagement to return next afternoon, and tumbled into bed at his hotel to dream fitfully. Some perfunctory work at the office, and his cabload of penates rolled up in the morning to the door of the, already to his mind, mysterious old mansion. The servant, evidently an old and con fidential maid, opened the door quickly to him this time, and usheredhim into the book-lined, oak-furnished room. Tea, plain tea, was all Guy required, and in ten minutes he was settled in his new apartments. The ancient retainer showed him a bed-chamber leading from the outer room. Every comfort that bachelor or widower could wish was self- evident, and Guy felt that he had dropped on his feet, and proceeded to inspect. He pulled down an odd volume or two, Cervantes, Thackeray, cheek by jowl with Montaigne, Rabelais, Fielding—every book apparently bound and tooled by some hand, amateurish possibly, but with a wealth of fancy and taste. He glanced at the paintings, amateurish again, but with a world of talent, sometimes almost wasted to his fastidious eye. But the' charm of the old room lay in the wonder ful oak. There was carving that would not have disgraced Gibbons; the very turning of the table legs, massive, balanced, and in the perfection of taste, the chairs not built alone for beauty. Guy sank Into the biggest of them, pulled it up on its easy brass castors, lighted his pipe, and fell to thinking of the vision with the silver hair. He had not smoked half through a meditative pipe, when there was a knock at the inner door ; it opened, and swung back a mass of tapestry, and the vision of his dreams entered. Half apologetically the lady placed his tray beside him, and hesitated. ’‘That is an old and favorite servant of ours—mine,” she said. “ My father is dead,” and hurriedly, “I will send her in to see if you want anything else,” and she was gone. Walking round the room, cup in hand, Guy examined his new quarters. He took down a book or two; they had book-plates, one octavo volume of “ The Pilgrim’s Progress" bore the inscription, “Dorothy Stacey, from her loving father.” “So that is her name," thought Guy, whistling softly. Then he went back to work. It was more than a week after this be fore he again met the lady of the house, but in the meantime, by snatched conver sation with the aged servant, he had gathered some slight knowledge of the state of affairs. Old Mary was faithful, but communicative. Briefly, the position was this. Some five years before, the old gentleman, Dorothy's father. “ Yes, that was he, over the mantel, in the shock of silver hair,” had committed sui cide in this very [room where Guy wa3 sitting. Her young mistress and herself had been to church, and coming back had found the old man dangling from one of the oaken beams of the room. The shock bad nearly killed the daughter. Mary herself was not so shocked. “ What was likely to happen to the master, who wasted his time painting pictures that no body would buy, binding books that no body wanted to read, and spending the rest of his time in turning a lot of useless wooden furniture when they had already more than enough. He had only the house he lived in, and a little money, no body knew from whence it came. Since her father’s death Miss Dorothy had let the house furnished several times to different people, who had all left for the same reason; there was something un canny about the master’s old room. The old woman shook her head, and muttered words that Guy could scarcely catch, “noises, and what she could tell if she chose." On another occasion when Dorothy herself brought in his frugal breakfast, she asked him curiously and nervously if he had slept. Guy replied that he had not come in till early morn ing, and had slept the sleep of the just. Seeing the young lady still waiting wist fully, he asked her ‘ ‘ Why 1” Reluctantly she told Him much that the old servant had said, about strange noises in the night. To-morrow night, he learned, would be the anniversary of the dreadful event which had cast a gloom over Dorothy’s life. There had been noises on that date before—unaccountable noises, and they had feared that Mr Weathercliff might leave as others had. The strain of thus confiding in a comparative stranger was palpable and painful, though of late Guy and Dorothy had chatted freely, and the lonely journalist had felt his heart go out towards the beautiful girl, with a his tory so sad. Guy hastened to reassure her as delicately as he could. He, of course, had studied the subject of ghosts and supernatural noises, and had come to the conclusion, in common with most scien tific men, that the phenomena were in variably to be accounted for by natural causts, starting of old beams, rats in the rafters, sounds conveyed from distant places, stables, and the like. “ The saner members of the Psychical Research Society even admitted that no absolutely authenticated cases of apparition were known, except, perhaps, at point of death. He begged her to dismiss from her mind all morbid thoughts about her father’s end, which, though painful and shocking, was, of course, the result of disease. Dorothy shook her head sadly, and left the room hurriedly, with her eyes full of tears. Guy tried to forget the sweet face that would come now continually between him and his work. That night he left early, saying to the chief sub-editor (Blunt was away for a brief holiday) that he would be at the office early, tucked a bundle of newly arrived magazines under his arm, and trudged off to his rooms. Arrived in his sitting-room, he dropped lazily into a big chair, raked up the embers of the fire, lit a favorite pipe, and began turning idly the pages of the mixed literature which he proposed to review. This was about midnight, and Guy felt unusually disinclined to write; the 1 articles seemed stupid, the pictures bored 1 him. At last some curdling paragraphs J in *• Borderland ” attracted his attention, 1 and turning leaf after leaf he fell across ^ a realistic ghost story, which interested and amused him. The article finished, ho lung the paper down, and thought over ’ ;he conversation he had had with Dorothy (he already called her “Dorothy” n his thoughts). The fire burnt up cheerfully, his pipe Irew comfortably, he felt at peace with ill mankind, except, perhaps, ghost nongers. He mixed himself a whisky ,nd soda prior to retiring to bed. Sud denly he noticed what he had not seen before, a lathe, such a3 is used by amateurs in tho art of turning, standing in the window recess, backgrounded by the heavy window curtains. It scarcely excited surprise, he waB not as observant of details as your hack journalist should be—but about this time the fire burnt low and blue, and Guy felt too indolent to put more coals on—he would have to rise from his deep easy chair, and anyhow he was shortly going to bed, Then a pale, soft light as of the moon struggling through white fog, seemed to fill the room, and the figure of an old man with a shock of white hair was seated at the lathe. The old man’s back was turned to Guy, but as he afterwards declared, he felt nothing but the idle curiosity one feels at the incongruous effects and scenes viewed In a dream. But there could be no doubt about it; the old man was working at the lathe. Guy heard the whirr, whirr, of the wheel, and could see the working of the velvet coated elbow. Next, without opening of doors, a man dressed as a merchant sailor, stepped stealthily across the Turkey-carpetted floor, picking up some thing as he went. Quick as lightning the seaman twisted a running noose into what appeared to be a hangman’s rope, threw it over the old man’s head, and drew it tightly round his neck. The sound of the lathe stopped suddenly; the silence was deathly. Still, Guy felt no fear, but watched as one gazes at a cinematograph. The sailor strangled the old man with scarcely an effort, and mounting on a high-backed chair, lifted the inert body as one might lift a child. He slung the noose end of the rope over a low hanging beam, tied a swift knot, and left his victim suspended. Cautiously he stepped down, and overturning the chair, the body swung slowly round and exposed a face deadly white, but bearing a strange resemblance to Dorothy. At the same moment, the sailor looked over his Bhoulder, and Guy caught a glimpse of a face, black-bearded, pallid, and with the glaring eyes of maniacal fury. By this time Weathercliff was gripping the arms of his chair as one grips the handles of an electric battery. His pipe was bitten through the stem, and fell upon the floor. With a horrible stifling sensation, as a nightmare, he literally wrenched himself into a standing posture—and the vision was gone. ThB light burnt evenly, the fire was still cheer ful, his grog stood by his side untouched. Lathe, murderer, and murdered man had vanished. Only the pipe lay broken on the carpet. Guy shook himself, tried to laugh, took down another pipe, lit it, and cursed Stead and all his supernatural ways. It was no use. He looked at his watch; the hour was two. He listened, but heard no sounds from upstairs, so opened the door quietly, and Btrolled down to the printing office. Arrived there, he looked into the sub-editors’ room, and inquired casually if anything had turned up. “Rather a curious case,” said the gentleman addressed, and handed him a newly- printed sheet, still wet from the press. Guy read as follows “As we are going to press an apal ling, and at the same time curious, report reaches us from the police station, Winter-street. At I o’clock a man, dressed in the garb of a merchant sailor, called at the police station, and expressed a wish to give himself up on a charge of wilful murder. Inspector Briggs took down his deposition, which was to the effect that tbe death by hanging of an aged antiquarian inahou3e in Andover street, and which created such a painful sensation in the town in January, 18—, was not suicide, as supposed, but mur der committed by himself. The inspec tor, thinking the man drunk, locked him up in a cell, having, at the seaman’s request, given him some food. After half an hour the cell was visited by P.O. Browning, who was horrified to find that the wretched man had cut nis throat with the table-knife, and lay life less on the bench of the cell with his head almost severed from his body. Full enquiry will be made into the man’s antecedents at the inquest to-morrow. Meanwhile, though little credence can be attached to the man’s story, we can only express our utmost sympathy with the family oonoerned. A full report will ho found in our early special edition to day (Tuesday). Guy rushed off to the'police station, and, after a brief explanation to the inspector, viewed the corpse. The face of the suicide was the face of the black bearded sailor of his vision. Little more need be Baid. Guy paced the streets till morning, and when Dorothy Stacey brought in his breakfast he nerved himself to tell the whole story as delicately as he might. During its recital the poor girl wept bitterly, and Guy found it necessary to hold her hands leBt she should faint. After a little time, and with an effort, Dorothy raised her eyes to his, and murmured :— “ Then the stigma is removed-” The next moment Guy’s arms were round her waist, and he was kissing her passionately on the mouth and cheeks and eyes. And Dorothy did not resist. 