Comic Cuttings* He: 'lly views on bringing up a family are ? ' She : ' Never mind your views, I'll bring up tre family. Tou go and bring up the coal.' A German student, wrestling with the KnKllsh language, Is said to have render ed a text as follows : — ' The ghost Is willing, but the meat is feeble.' ' People talk about presence of mind, when and where most needed, &c;,' said a young physician to a company of older graveyard fillers at Cambridge the other day. ' 1 can lell where It Is most nepded.' 'Where ?' asked one of the company with a sneer. ' Where ! Why, In a lunatic asylum, of course.' They gave liim a diploma. An old woman, who had a chronic habit of sleeping in church, called nt ser?t -letting time upon the treasurer of the congregation. ' I have come lo pay for my Beat.' she said, laying down her money. ?? Yer seat ?' returned tUe trea surer, who was a bit of a wag. ' l^osh, I think, Janet, you moan yer bed.' Mother : ' How did your face get that strained, agonisc-d look in your photo graph ? Did the light hurt your eyes ?' Small Son,: ' No. ma. The man told me to try to keep still, an' I did.'' Wilkie : ' I suppose you're goin' to church merely to show oft* your new bonnet.' Jlrs. Wilkie (sweetly) : ' Not thai entirely. I'm wantin' to Bee the bonnets the Hlier women liev as weel,' Oculist, rtn countryman) : ' Well, what can 1 do for you '!' Countryman : ' If you plensi?, sir, I want ye to pull a tooth out.' Oculist : ' My good man, you must go to a dentist. My business concerns the eye only.' Countryman : ' Well, sir, it's an eye tooth !' Blanche : ' Isabel, what has vut you In such a bad humour ?' Isabel : ' Why, I've just had n, communication from Jack, and lie writes such a horrid hand that I can't tell whether it is a proposal, an liaster carol, or that cure for chil blains lie promised to-send me.' Mistress (to Scotch servant) : 'Janet. 1 fear iny mind's beginning to go.' J;inet {who has not a high opinion of her mistress's mental powers) : ' I wadna. say, mum ; but there's ae consolation, It hasna far to gang.' Author : ' Help me out with this. I don't want to say her cheeks were as red as a rose,' Friend : ' Say they were as rpd as her nose.' Various animals lend their mite to make up English words — e.fr., manscp inent, dog-matlsm, cat-egory, chro nology, duc- tlllty, and rat-lflcation. Mr. Mumblocliook (singing) : ' Rid me ffood-bye and go ? ' Miss Kfn- Sharp: ' If you're going to sing It like that on the nlRht they won't stop to bid you pood-bye.' No _ Change.—' Well, doctor, how do you find my mother-in-law to-day V' ' She's .much better, but her tongue's bad.' ' It always was,' Friends.— Eva : ' Is It true that Cap tain TVoolley kissed you In the ConsTva tnry last night ?' Marion : ' Certainly not I J should just like to see him try men a thinK.' Eva : ' I quite believe you, my doar.' Promising Boy.—' I'm afraid you'll never iparn mucli at this rate. Now to day we'll chani,rp places' : you'll be mo ther and I'll he Tommy.' ' Me be mo ther !' ' Yes ; you arc mother, and'uiivr for lessons.' ' Oh, as you're such a good Itltln gill vou can go and play there will be no lessons to-day,' A Question of Terms. — Miss Fitz-IIyde fin quest of an engagement) : ' What salary ? Well, eighteen guineas a ? week.' Manager : ' Take oft the odd pounds and I'll engage you.' They closed. Clara : ' I wonder If -It is true that one !s likely to catch something from being kissed.' Maud :' Of course not. You've been kissed enough, but you haven't caught anything yet, have you ?' Tommy : ' Do you say your prayers every night ?' Jimmy : ' Yep.' 'Ana does your maw say hers?' 'Yd-.' 'And does your paw ?' 'Naw. pa-w ?doji't .need to. ? Ifs almost daylight when he gets to bed.' ' Oh mamma,'- cried five-year-old Dorothy, ' I'm just as full ot glory as I can be !' ' What do you mean ?' In quired her mother with natural surprise. ' Why-et,' said Dorothy, ' there was a sunbeam right, on my spoon, and I swallowed It with my oatmeal, mamma!' ' And you reject my offer ?' he said to her Intensely. ' you refuse to be the one woman In all the world to me ??? ' I'm afraid so,' she confessed rather kindly, for she meant well. ' Then I ha\\-e but one thing- to say to you madam,' he said, reaching for his hat! ' I am sure you have my permission to say that. What is it ?' He drew him self up to his full height. . ' There are others,' he replied haughtily, and passed out of the game. 