NOTES IND NOTICES " Inquirer ". -Carbine carried 10it jib when he won the Melbourne Cup in 1890. A big day's sport is being arranged in Her- berton for St Patrick's Day. We understand that the formation bf a large Company to work the Montalbion tin mines, is all but complete. Mr J. P. Hoolan arrived in Cairns by the Alunga, and met with a hearty reception. Future programme to-morrow. The Church Lads Brigade will drill under Mr Instructor Mudford on Wednesday even- ing (to-night) at the Drill Shed at 7.30 p.m. A bend ps artice wdl be arranged for some evening during the week. The Herberton Rifle Club now numbers thirty-three members. A bank draft in pay- ment of thirty-one rifles and a "supply of . ammaaitioa has been forwarded to head """^pSSbyjoftj"6T1*T exPccte<110com" Tb« Bab* hmttrnj aa. la* Balcon». G«**~ mm*, aaa* is* lam* M«wr, watch was dh» a» iiilbrafcaaibatt. oí ThutsHa Statiaa, la aaiwHiss tor sate. A sanaba* of Cairn fanait aie e*aiaB»iMers- im thc Balcoomba lasse which at'one time promised big things. \- The Herberton Amateur Jockey Club will hold a Show Meeting on the day following the second day of the Show. ? Messrs C. Harding and J. Hollway, who were appointed to-draw np a programme, have arranged a capital days sport, with a total added money otoo SOYS. Sergeant Drill Instructor Clarke, now of the Cairns (F) Company Kennedy Regiment, but formerly of Ravenswood, was tendered a " good-bye " function at the latter place on Mth January. All sort of nice things were asid of the Instructor, and he was presented ' wini a handsome silver watch as a memento . «if his stay in Ravenswood. \- Mr H. Atkinson, accountant in the Cairns branch of Bums, Philp &. Co., returned from Cooktown by the Innamincka on Sunday week last. Mr Atkinson has been managing the Cooktown branch for. some months, and upon y being succeeded by Mr W. H Montgomery, late of Townsville, he returned to his old position in the Cairns branch. Mr Atkinson ts a highly respected and popular officer of B.P. ft Co. Local clients" of the firm will be pleased to hear that he is once again at his old post. The Sydney Bulletin of a week ago con- tained the following regarding Hon. E. De ' Moleyns, who is now on his way to England : -"At Mayor M'Eachern's theatre party at the Princess on Thursday night appeared the Hon. De Moleyns, back from sugar-caning in Bananaland, and much fatter than of yore. He still wears his spec-pincers and wild, *-*, . round-eyed, ready-to-be-shocked expression. The old sassiety girls cackled round him. in the interval, and sent loving asiangri to his haughty sister, the Countess, ia Edinburgh.'1 . \ i - The solidarity which one time characterised Labor in Pohtics is becoming- more con apkoous by its absence erery day, and the Labor Fatty is not now the happy family it was in dsys gone by. Listen to how the plebiscite Labor candidate for the Cook talks to the local Labor organ :-"To him I say, take my adrice, yon hocus-pocus nincompoop, asid snag the gnm-pot and scissors, .Don't be trying to pass yourself off as the editor of the - Btmtm, because yon haven't brains assassin ta atti BMMuetraps to Chinities. Bah ; \--ass saan who would be afraid >*-jr^?ee°"*t (ion weald «kw at ts* ««ht of a deserted ghost ia a graveyard, and would never be elected to even an honorary position in a Jcavhoust." , Mr J. Hill, ci Use £rm of Clayton and Hill, Glen Boughton, recently purchased the whole of the «ft. Orient (Mulgrave GoldBeld) mach {?cry and rails, bot when he started to take tit nva&aery; oat people soiled and said that be didn't smdantand what sort of a contract br fctrl sssliilskiai Tn iritr ~f-*- - III uiil sin * all setts of disasters, financial and uthsi eisa. tn the radi man who tried to shift fl» ire head battery and turbine from Toobey's Creek to the top of Mt . Orient, and flaws down the range to GoMsboro,' Mr BUI has serenaded in takiag np the whole of the battery aeJ turbine and placing them nearly at the top end of the tramway by means of a ' «hjGk and blocks aad taclding. Included in the machinery successfully removed is the battery-box, weighing two tons eleven cwt. Mr Hill has ordy employed three men in takiag the madúawry hpm the top to tbs botte« rf MU Orient At the bat Monthly meeting of the Mulgrave River Fatmers Association the following were mses*-Messrs Grime (President), J. Black, £ tfnSsr, T. Mackey, W. Irvine, Clarke, J. Bocfc Jones and F. Petersen. Messrs N. P. Petema and F. Bowen attended as represen. .:. tattves of the Aloomba Assocuoon, ft «ns \- ? steaded on the motion of Mr Black, seconded ' by Mr Moller " That in order to minimise the laajrr-'-c-- cane-fields it is necessary fer each farmer to leave a space unpUnted at \- least left wide on the boundary of the culti vat**, each space to be dear of. logs and other nrl-matter." Messrs N. P. Manan, Bown and Swan desired to add -"That aB trash be diawa into the growing cans fer a space of 15ft clear of the edge of thc emltivatioa." ,A copy of the ni >uoa wa« ordered to be forwarded to the Director* of ? Ûm Malgrave Central MOL On the motion ot Mr Mackey. Mr J. Black was appointed Ti mw II, vtw Mr ». P. Petawea, wained. Queensland banks will probably shortly Tall I into line with the banks of New Sooth Wales by charging js half-yearly for every current account tn their ledgers. * Mr S. B. J. Skertchley, who has been to Melbourne in connection with Watsonville mining properties is now'in Brisbane. We are sorry to hear that Mr Skertchley is far from wen. Mr W. A. Thynne, of the legal firm of Thynne and Forrest, Cairns, returns after a months trip to Melbourne on Thursday, 2nd March. Mr Thynne has been made a Com. missioner for Affidavits for New South Wales and Victoria, An epidemic of measles has broken out among the Kanakas at Hambledon Planta- tion, and seventeen boys are already down with the disease. Every case has been care- fully isolated, and Dr Koch pays daily visits to the Plantation.' We have received from Messrs Walsh and Co., The Queensland Official. Grocers Price List and Year Book, showing pictures of the firms various business premises in the northern towns besides containing a large assortment of useful domestic aud general knowledge. Mr B. R. Stafford, P.M., went to Mareeba yesterday morning for the purpose of trying several cases there, comprising two charges of larceny, one of horse- stealing, three cases (Japanese) of absconding from hired service at Port Douglas, and one affiliation case. A telegram from Brisbane states that the freight war in the Queensland coastal trade continues. A report was current that an ar- rangement had been arrived at between the shipping companies. -' Such wu-mot the CM«, j Shippers are taking advantage of the low rates ta operate largely. In our "New Guinea Notes" an error crept in hy which it was made to appear that Mr Ballantyne, of Fort Moresby, had been sum- moned by a native. It was Mr Ballantyne who issued the summons against a man named Kelly, who was fined ¿5 on the word of a native without a single witness. Captain P. W. Le Vaux is to be congratu- lated upon his gazetted appointment to the command of the Cairns (F.) Company of the Kennedy Regiment, which has now reached its full numerical strength. This happy re- sult has been attained since the arrival of Sergeant Instructor Clarke three weeks ago. We have received a copy of the Perth (W. A.) Sunday Times, and beg to congrulatate Mr F. C. B. Vosper, the editor, upon the ex- cellent work shown by the issue in question. We remember Vosper of old and his many North Queensland friends will be pleased to note that he has landed on his journalistic feet all right in Western Australia. We hear from a valued old friend at the Hodgkinson that Dan Rollands and party alter doing a bit of sinking and driving, found a good reef in the Eureka, a claim that had been abandoned for 12 years. " And so it will be with scores of other claims," re- marks our correspondent, " when men with grit come along." Mr Harold Newport, the recently-appointed coffee expert and instructor in coffee culture, now in Cairns, has had 12 years' general experience, with coffee in the Madras Presi- dency in India, chiefly at Jeicand. and he visited Queensland last year for the purpose of collecting . lady-birds for the United Planters' Association ol Madras. He will work down the coast to Mackay, and then return to Brisbane. The countiy between Brisbane and Rockhampton will be inspected ona future trip. People at the Wolfram Camp for some time past have been in doubt as to the Home market price of wolfram. Mr Forrester H. Muir was recently deputed by a body of miners on the field to cable to London for information and is now in receipt of the following, through Reuters agency, Brisbane : \- " London, February 14th. Wolfram, spot £65. Market unsteady owing to divided shipments. this cable has given ???? at the Wolfram Camp. emptoyateat aanriows to adverase and without the means to pay for his advertisement. In future the Morning Post will insert all "wanted employment " advertisements free of charge. We ask hotel keepers to note this offer and remember it if they come across. "out of works." Our offer applies to clerks, mechanics and general laborers. By the aid of the wide circulation enjoyed by-this paper those out of employment will only have them- selves to blame if they fad to bring their re- quirements before the notice of employers. Cairns people who are in the habit of drinking so-called French coffee should note the following :_-A specimen of French coffee analysed recently in the Paris Municipal laboratory was found to contain rediearth, flour, coffee grounds, caramel, talc, plumbago, vermicelli, semolina. powder, bean dust, carrots, acorns, sawdust, red ochre, brick dast, ashes, mahogany shavings, and sand. French coffee is sold in all the stores in Cairns, and this in spite of the fact that the very finest coffee grown and manufac- tured locally can be bought at a reasonable price. The imported article is dear at any cost. There may be a landlord or two in Cairns interested to hear that a man named Wheeler was fined £10 at Perth on : January 23rd for letting a house in Wellington-street, knowing thal it was to be used for purposes of prosti- tution. The "no lawful means of visible" support" clause "was put into operation by the police in Townsville the other day and three convictions obtained, with the result that all the chrysanthemums of that place at once elected to try a bloom in Charters Towers. It is just about high time that some attempt was made in Cairns to get rid of the disease- disseminating Japanese now located in Chinatown. The Chess Tournament held nader the auspices of the School of Arts Chess and Draughts Club was concluded last'week and resulted as follows ; first round;-J. F. Hollis beat F. G. Morton, D. Shepherd beat E. Bothaaaley, Dr Knowles beat J. Thomas, W. Day beat J. G. Hoare, Manners Junr. beat W. Whitesides,' Sisley beat Gilligan ; Second round:-Shepherd beat Manners, Sisley beat Day, Hollis beat Knowles. Third round : Shepherd drew a bye, Hollis beat Sisley ; Final --Hollis beat Shepherd. In the play, off for'second prize, Shepherd beat Sisley. fi_^-irl«r«MM.MMUU toCteVBMMtoT £i and second prize to the value of los. An extraordinary meeting convened by the shareholders of the Mulgrave Central Mill was held at Nelson on Monday Boorning. It was unanimously resolved that it was desir- able to hold the annual meeting as soon after the crashing as possible.' The ; Chairman (Mr A. J. Draper) pointed ont ; that the meeting was quite unnecessary, as the direc- tors had' already determined to hold thc I annual meeting ia March-the earliest, date possible. By - that ; time the Govemasent Auditor, who was now : engaged auditing the books, would luire his work completed and the outstanding returns for the last par- cels of sugar shipped would be to hand. The whole proceedings only last fifteen minutes. : The general public can form, some concep* lion of the reUabihty that can be placed upon the reports of thc Advocatt by a recent case in point; Our contemporary, always thirsting for the sensational, published a paragraph to the effect that a number of children had been vaccinated in Thursday Island erith lymph taken faoaa-the arms of two white childi en who were ssfenng from leprosy. Last week we received (in reply to enquiries) a telegram from the Thursday Islind /Ybf stating that there was no truth nor even foundation for the report. Of course thc motive for thc publica- tion of sechnewiu this is to strengthen thc hands of Thomas : Givens ia his crusade against alien labor at the approaching général election, the contention, of the AdvoçU bemg that thu alleged leprosy was m trod aced by sheas. How wfll ttecaae lanm of tUsdis. trictget along without Kanaka labor? It would be iaspossible for cane growers to make a living without it and on this ground alone Givens shoold sot secare a single vote from cither Haesbiedon, Mulgrave or Aloomba. Sven white workers on plantations now freely admit that without kanaka labor not a stick of cane could bc gr.iwn in N irtliern Queens-. Un J, an J as a consequence thouundsol winte men would be thrown out of emptoyiueat. Yet this is what Gtv^kss^swotn to do if .-z^' Nomination day for Cain» in connection with the General Elections, Wednesday lat March. To-morrow (Thursday) Messrs R. Sturt tc Co. will sell by auction at their rooms at 2.30 p.m., 20 cases of prime apples. We invite the attention of onr readers to the advertisement of Messrs G. R, Marers it Co. which appears in this issue, Wright's Creek Butchering Company have purchased the two paddocks (900 acres) opposite their Wright s Creek pre- mises. The principal offenders in connec'inn with the row in Chinatowa on Monday afternoon will appear before the P.M. on j.,wy. Mr John Cairns ha» some splendid pro- perties, improved and unimproved, for ante. These include hotels, residence and business sites iu Cairns and the inland towns. The Wright's Creek Butchering Coy. are negotiating for the purchase of two well known stations io the Herberton district. The company intend to make things hum apparently. A meeting of the Council was held last night, when Mr T. L. Seaton was appointed inspector of nuisances, lamp-lighter, and collector of sanitary rate, at a salary of £3 per week. The applicants were Messrs E. J. Barr, J. Niven, A. H. tareen, W. K. Macarthur. T. Ready, T, Anderson, D. Anderson, 6. Bremner, J. Murdoch, and Mr» H. Forbes (sister of Mr» M. M. Kearn, of the Court House Hotel) now a patient in the Cairns Roapiul, »peak» In sile higbeat term« of the kmdneM aha re ©.iwaa .from: lb* wt»*ro«. «ail. WM ot «fe« Hospital. We were io error last issue'when re- ferring to Mr John ' Johus, the renowned hairdresser of Abbott Street. Mr Johns is not a native of Ceylon, aa stated by us. He was bom at Madras, India. He is a first-class tradesman and an artist at ladies' hair work. The public meeting called to promote a Penny Savings Bank in Cairns has been postponed until after the elections. All leading business men are interested in miking this movement a success, and the bank is sure to be 'established. The petition in favor of the Atherton Railway is being signed in all directions throughout the Cairns district. Fully 1000 signatures are expected before the list is completed. Messrs John. Cairns, A, J. Draper, and J. Halliford have lists in hand, and are actively canvassing for signatures. Mr Robt. Sturt, the well known Auctioneer and Commission Agent, of Abbott Street, returned to Cairns yesterday after eleven weeks holiday in the South. The many friends of Mr Sturt will be pleased to learn . that he has returned, looking as fresh as paint. The Wright's Creek Butchering Coy. is rapidly growing inti a very big concern as the result bf the enterprise and energy dis- played by th; Messrs Hives. ." The company have' just received 100 bullocks, which are roted by cattle men to be as prime a mob of killing cattle as) have passed Herberton for a long tim« past. Aloomba is becoming quite an important townshjp, and the Wright's Creek But- | chering-Company have become seized of this fact. -They have let a' contract fer building a butcher's shop and residence close to the Aloomba Railway Station, and tb»t they will do well goes without siyini;. The company will start business there by the beginuing of April. . The Secretary of the Cairns Chamber'of Commerce (Mr Robt. Sturt) yesterday re- ceived the following letter from the Com- missioner for Railways,-"I desire te acknowledge your telegram of the 14th February, re alterations to the time- table of the Cairns-Mareeba railway, and to in form you that the matter is now under consideration." Nominations for Mr W. English's sports . at Nelson on St. Patrick's Day cloee on 5th r aaeaway.?-- Tfc- J«-jgS¿JSÍi'itiSjJjy^BL: "£?'. ? Hives;-U»mátc*PVen, Meir» T. Toorna*; 4MU- W.\ MsglwU.. a«a:v. w.. Cairnie. The Sosal pria» SBonèy amounts to atao, of which £t will be devoted to the Mulgrave Handi- cap and £3 to the Bicycle Race. ^The officer commanding Cairns Naval Brigade, Lieutenant T. F. Swallow, is in receipt of a communication from head quarters, in which the Acting Naval Com- mandant expressés his gratification and satisfaction at the splendid scores made by P. 0. Dean, L. S. Bartholomew, and Bugler Hansen at the last class-firing. Dein made 217 out of a possible 240, while Burtenshaw and Hansen each made 194. These are the three biggest scores put up in the Queens- land Naval Defence Force, and they were duly published in the Brisbane papers. Mr P. F. Hunter has collected about .£45 towards making a cycling track in the Re-: creation Restive. About ¿loo should be sufficient to make a first class track, and we think that if half this sum is furnished by public subscription the other half should be provided by the Municipal Council. It is high time Cairns hada decent sports arena, and if the inside öfthe proposed new running and cycling track is ploughed, harrowed, and _" sjwn with couch grass a capital cricket ground at a minimum cost will be available. Aids. A. J. Draper and Hansford have pro- mised to assist Mr Percy Hunter in every way possible in bringing about the desired end. The C.S.R. Co. . do not intend to ere act sugar mill at their Green Hill Estate for at least a considerable time. Over 1000 acres of the land has been leased to banana growers, and 600 acres are already under crop. Ina month or two the crop should exceed 5000 bunches, per week, and when in full bearing the output should be from io to 12 thousand bunches weekly. A narrow gauge permanent tram-line is being run from the head of Trinity Inlet through the whole estate. Three miles of this tramway are' already com- pleted, and another three miles will be laid down in about eighteen months'. The bananas will be conveyed alongside vessels . at the wharf .'by means of a. large punt and steam launch, ' Besides bananas, nee, corn, pine- apples and eocoanuts are being grown on the Green Hill Estate. . The following advertisement appears in the Melbourne Argus:-Tin £110, and Tiring. Cuprite Consolidated Tin Mines, 2s on appli- cation, as on allotment. Eight Best Claims in Watsonville Consolidated. Average tin fro ra one of the claims, tu7 famous T, crushed for 500 tons of tin, being an average of 25 per cent, equal to 6oz gold reef. Copper lode toft, 35 per cent ore. Brokers V J. B. Ware and Son, 412 Collins Street". The paper thea says : " We am asked to draw attennon to the prospectus of the Cuprite Consolidated Tia Mines advertisement in another column AppUcatwas for over 12,000 shares have been* received, and the" brokers (J. B. Ware and Son) anticipate, with the present high price of tin quoted from London to-day, immediate applkatios for the, balance of the shares." , " At St John's Church, Cairns, last Sunday evening, before a large congregation, Rev. A. E. Coote, B.A., selected for his text St; Matthew 4th chap. 3rd verse-" The tempter came to Him." The preacher commenced by reminding* his hearers that : the" subject of temptation was one naturally adapted to the season of Lent which had just commenced; It was also, one of a thoroughly practical natue. Everywhere wrecks of humanity were to be found whose degradation was owing to the fact of their yielding to evil influences within and without. "Moreover, even astsng respectable members; of society the highest levef" of thought and action was not attained in many, instances, because of the constant temptation tb : seek the lower instead of thc higher plane ? 'Temptation came in d ifierent ways to different people. . Some men incUned to sins of a'gross and1 vulgar character ; some to such as pride «ad ; irritability ; some to' 'sloth' and ; laziness, but ; in so-far as temptations .were not fought and omcome, the character was devoid of moral completeness In condaaioo " aids " towards mee ting evil or dsagerous tendencies were considered, notably, activity of mind and ' body, exertion of will power, rebanee on prayer and the means of grace. On Sunday events^ next the subject ? of the sermia will bc. «í;.\ñ.ancient history in' jnoderVligñt -y S«al«yia|^ifes will be. as follows':-Holy' Coinmuniosv s a.m. ; Even- ing Prayer and Sermon, 7.30 p.m. To-night j (Wednesday) a short service will be held with; laddjt««7.Jflp-«u 