IN THE DARK. BY ESME STUART, Author of "Sara's Mother," "In His Grasp," "An Inscrutable Mystery," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXIII.—DURAND TAKES LEAVE- At last, at eight o'clock Denis heard steps. The key turned in the lock, and ioine one entered Durand's room. At that minute Denis conld not have moved from his chair. He sat motionless from sbcer horror, and also because lie was making superhuman efforts to appear calm. He felt sure that his only chance lay in dissimulation, that he must oppose cunning to cunning to gain even a bare chance of— even to himself he could not finish his sentence. Could he trust his shaken nerves to obey his will? He hastily ligrted a cigar and began to pmoke it leisurely. "La doona e mobile," hummed Durand; then he called out as he entered the sittingroom— "Weli, doctor, how are you? Confoundedly dull without me, eh? But circumstances " Denis managed tx> force a smile upon his lips. "Yes, I.hive been confoundedly dull, and look here, Dnrand, 1 can't bear another day of it. Take me out, or ask the signorina to tall, or something. 1 shall hang myself, this -heat is maddening. Reatly, as a medical man, I must prescribe ail- to myself." Denis felt that Durand was scrutinizing him ail over. The doctor had slightly overdone his new cheerfulness. "The truth is. doctor, that to-day—let me see, it is Saturday—well, to-day and tomorrow I am unexpectedly busy, and on Monday our mutual penance is over, thaiitthe gods!" "Monday is far off. How would you like to be^stewed up here? This weather "True, it is like a furnace. Has it ever been decided how much heat human nature can bear?" Denis turned his head away. If he looked at Durand he saw only the horrid ghost of his dream. "Anyhow, let me out for an hour or two. I think that I have learnt patience." Durand meditated a moment. "The signorina is occupied, but I am expecting her here. She can have a little : talk with you. Will that satisfy you?" Denis answered carelessly— "Oh, quite. Of course I am suffering, but, as you say, it is only till Monday." "Yes, only till Monday. This afternoon I have an engagement which will take me away from Paris -tall Monday at twelve o'clock, so you see that you w31 not be troubled with my presence again. I know you prefer solitude." The tone was scornful. "Solitude is not always a good tonic. It loses its virtue after a time." "So you have learnt that much. Your parole will end on Monday." Yes," said Denis, feeling that he must say something, "but I miss the air of Maison d'Or garden. Why am I forbidden to go there now?" "Oh, M. Dorville has manias at times. He intimated that it was time that vour picture was finished." "It is there still. I should like to fetch it away." "The signorina has taken care of it. She and her father leave Paris on Monday. She will look in upon you this evening for a short time—the last time, I fancy. She will be packing up all Sunday." Durand was explaining too much. Denis thought. "Snail I really be free on Monday?" he said, as if half to himself. "Of me!" laughed Durand. "The rest is between you and the President." 'Yes," said Denis, "between me and a President who orders all things." "Here is Lucia!" exclaimed Durand. No—what is it?" He went to the door, and returned soon after with a frown upon his face. "The signorina's father is ill." He drummed his fingers on the table. "Does she want my services?" said Denis, catching at a straw. "Yes, but—well, she can have them on Monday." "I am at her service," said Denis, carelessly. .... "If absolutely, necessary, she will fetch you.". Durand's frown "deepened. • "And I may go?" "It is a risk, but we owe her a great deaL I cannot say no." Denis did not move a muscle of his face, only he thought, "This is' my one and only chance." Durand's cheerfulness left him, and for a few moments he paced up and down his own room. Dems heard the tramp, tramp, and the horror of his dream returned to him. He stood up, and forced himself to go on smoking calmly. A little while after Durand re-entered the room. 'Well, doctor, I am afraid that I must take my last farewell of you." "Yet it is only Saturday," said Denis, smiling, "and I am not free till Monday at 12. I have repeated this so often that " "What! are fou going to be Byronic, and 'regain your freedom with a sigh?' " "No; I can't aspire to such feelings, but the near approach of freedom gives me patience." Denis spoke slowly and calmly. "You learnt the lesson with difficulty," Durand remarked, with a slight ring of scorn in his voice. Denis did not answer. "Well, good-bye. We may meet once more, or we may never see each other again." "I ought to say something civil—but I can't, with any truth, say 'thank you' to anv of you/' "Not to the signorina? \ou owe her your life." Denis shrugged his shoulders. "Indirectly 1 owe her all my misfortunes; but silence is best." Durand held out his hand. '"Well, good- bye." "Sans adieu,*' said Den in. pretending net to see the outstretched hand. He could not touch that hand. Durand frowned slightly, .then he laughed. "You trill s-et nothing out of voot present keeper. Is there anything you wish to ask me? The other is deaf and dumb." Dnrand laughed noisily. Denis thought for a minute. There were a hundred things which he would like to ask, but he knew that he would get no answers. "Nothing. I do not doubt but that we shall meet again. Au revoir." Durand paused a moment on the threshold and gave a quick glance at the doctor. Denis retained enough presence of mind to remain impassive; he did not move one muscle of his face, but the effort was stupendous. "Good-bye, then, doctor; it is mo«t unlikely thUt we shall meet again. My last word is taken out of your own creed. You are a Christian, you believe many things which have no meaning for inc. Well, then, let me quote from your Bible— 'Judge nor.' '" Denis looked up, his eyes nwt thosp of Durand, then the Englishman's face became a-shy pale; his lips moved, but he could not utter a word, he could not wen murmiu- "good-bye." It was a mockery to say "God be with you." In that moment Durand bad seen in the doctor's face all that Denis wished to hido. The door closed behind Durand, and Denis remained fixed to the spot. All the horror of his situation came over him. He seemed to be on the deck of a sinking ship, he seemed to feel it slowly heel over, and. was conscious of being able to do nothinff. The cold waters were going to engulf liim. "Judge not, judge not." The words rang in his cars, till at last he started up and exclaimed:— "No, no, that is not the meaning. We are to judge, we are to know riont from wrong, we are bound to stand up for the right, at whatever cost to ourselves." After lunch there was a knock, followed by the unlocking of the door, and Lucia, hurried in. "Dr. Courthouse, will you come once mor^ to my help? My father is very ill. He must come first, before anything else. \ou must help me. I beseech you do not refuse. I can call in no one else. His life, his liberty depends upon it—on vou. Ohi once more, once more help me?" Lucia was no longer calm and self-possessed. She was the Lucia he had seen at Venice. "I am a prisoner on parole," said Denis, doggedly. "They dare not deny me this, they sha'.I not. My father comes first, before any one else, even before any cause. He must. You cfennot understand my love for him. He has been father, mother, brother, sister, to me always—always." "In extreme need I may come, I believe, but signorina, I will only come on one condition." "What is it? Speak quieklv. I must not stay." "That you let me go once more to Maison d'Or," in order to have one more look for the treasure." "It is too late now." "Then I will stay here. It is a small boon I ask. Listen. I had a dream, and in it I saw the exact place where the treasure is hidden." Lucia's fac-e expressed intense surprise, almost disbelief. "Are you speaking the truth? But you have always done that. It is too strange." "I have "spoken the simple trutlu I must go to Maison d'Or once more. You must give me the key, and I must choose my own time." Lucia looked at Denis, and this time he was able to keep perfectly calm. He could deceive her, but not Durand. "The treasure would save you, but—I have orders which I must obey." "Brave thein. You brought me to this etrait; take me out of it." He stood up and crossed his arras. He was determined to go to Maison d'Or. Lucia still hesitated. "Do you know what it means to me to disobey orders?" "For vou father's sake " "Oh! "for him—yes, for him I would do anything." She clasped her hands and thought a minute. - "When do you—when must you go to Maison d'Or?" "T must go to-morrow—Sunday." She shook her head. "To-night it might be possible; to-morrow —no no; for your own sake thats is impossible'. Even for my father's sake I could not do that." Denis knew the secret now. That Sunday evening was fixed for the carrying out of the tragedy. One glance at Lucia's face convinced him that on Sunday she at least ivould not admit him to Maison d'Or. ile had better accept what she would give him. "You father is very ill, you say? __ Jly dutv commands me to help the sick. Never in all my life have I refused assistance when, possible. You know this is so, signorina?" Lucia looked up at him, and at this instant he recalled his dream. Lucia's eyes at that moment revealed her secret. She loved him. Denis tried to keep perfectly calm; for her sate he knew that ne must be stern. "You have been more than kind." "Then I will come. I asked Durand for leave, but you must let me go once more into Maison d'Or gardens." "Then I will risk it. You shall come tonight. It is a moonlight night. At a quarter to 10 the garden will be deserted. I will give you the key; but you must; return it to me. If I have not got.it by morning it will be—death to me." She spoke the last words in a whisper. "Come with me, then. She shook her head. "I can't leave my father, but come now an once. You will never know what I have braved for ycu." , , "I know what I have suffered through \ou," he said, tternly. "Lead the way; I will follow you." Once more he followed the Italian girl, once more he noticed the beautv of her outline, the glorious waving of her hair. Once more intense pity filled his soul that fIic should sacrifice all that might- make life beautiful for a cause which to him appeared hateful. At this minute he realized that ideas and not facts rule the world. The count had been suddenly seized with a heart attac-k. To Denis's intense surprise he saw that Fosca was by his bedside, but that the sick man's eyes wens even, and were eagerly looking towards the door. ""He is here, father; he will relieve you, e>: el aimed Lucia. Fosca looked un for a moment, but he showed no sign of recognition. Had Denis lieen in any other place he would have, bad an • exnlanation with the silent boatman ; as it was he immediately attended to his I-stient. He sent Fosca out for some fiecial medicine, and he himself took hi - place bv the bedside. Luei.i explained that her father was subject :it Ions intervals to these heart attacks, but that immediate medical care could relieve him. "Is he in danger?" she asked in a low passionate voicc "Yes, but ill two hours 1 shall be able to relieve him. Now, signorina, you hr.d better rest. To- niprlit you must watch by bis bedside whilst I co out." The intense heat abated that afternoon. A cool wind eentl ,_ blew across tlie ]-.=ntbound city, the idle trees waved their branches, and eveiv one felt once mori able to breathe. When the clock struck half-past 0 Denis took his watch from his pocket. The count was much better, and was sleeping quietly. All danger was over. "Signorina, lie is better, he is saved; you need have no fears. Now give me the key of Maison d'Or garden. 1 will give you my word of honour that I will go nowhere else." J-iucia looked at her father, and gratitude overcame her last scniple. "Promise me that you will go there and bac-k again, and that you will only stay au hour." "I will go there and bac-k, but I can give you no promise about ihe length of time 1 stay." Lucia clendied her hands. "You will return as soon as you have discovered the treasure, if you cau do so?" "I- make no promises, except tiiat you will find me at Slaison d'Or; if not, I shall be on my way back here. I will go nowhere else." "If you are there to- morrow,"' she said at last, "nothing will save you." "I accept the risk; and now, signoKn?, what shall' I do with the treasure if I find it?" "Bring it here to me at once. I must then communicate with the President" "If I see M. Dorville, what excuse Lucia's face turned deadly pale, and in spite of herself she interrupted him. "You will not see M. Dorville. Remember that if you are not out of the house by 6 o'clock to-morrow morning your blood is upon your own head." "Very well, signorina. I have saved your father's life. I do not ask you to save mine." (To be continued to-morrow.) 