GOD’S MEASURE. (By the Rev. J. T. Forbes, M.A., Edin burgh.) “Who hath measured the uvaters in She hollow of His hand, and meted out heaven with the span, and comprehended the dust of the earth in, a measure, and weighed the mountains in scales, and the hills in a balance?"—Isaiah, .40. 12. “Thou feedest them with the bread of tears; and givest them tears to drink in a measure.”—Psalm, SO, 5. . Han's tears and earth’s dust are both measured by God. He puts thenf both into “a measure.” What impresses men to-day' is .the vast ness of the universe; the earth is little, but the universe is great. Men are over awed by the extent in space and the duration in time of the world. A man is a speck in the infinities; his life a ripple in the sea of time. And the world is so vast and so much with men that THEY GAN HARDLY SE^ GOD. •What impressed the Hebrew was the greatness of the world’s Maker. Me did not abase himself before the mountains', but before their Maker. Ocean was vast, but the hollow of God’s palm held it: hoa- ; ven was high, .but the fingers, of God’s hand spanned it: the mountains He set dn scales and the hills in ;l b:ih, j "■*"■ nnd .the dust, the innuineroui dust Vf earth, (He comprehended in a tierce. >> \ It was the assurance that this grr tness was on their side that made Isaiah's.mes-. sage of hope and cpmfort to his people. This power was for. them. God weighed, mountains, and carried the lanihV'in His bosom. He sat upon the circle of the ear.th. and He gave power to the faint. And the Psalmist felt the sar e truth. His whole hope was in the God WI19 gave.His people tears to drink out of a measure. Their lives were in His keeping: “Turn us again.” he prayed. “and cause Thy face to shine, and we shall'be saved.” THE GRAINS OF .DUST AR, MEA SURED BY GOD and the tears of man. Ha comprehends them in a measure, distributes them with a measure. The dust is th. foundation and home of precious things and qualities. Rus kin shows how from the slime of the pathway, the briek-dust and soot, and sand and water, things new and strange are formed in the laboratory of nature. Out of the clay—purified, whitened, con gealed by fire—is fashioned the finest porclain fit for queens. Or. if it be left in perfect rest, with law, and time for law to work, its like elements will come by | strange secret affinities together, atom to j atom; it will clarify and harden: it will set in fair forms, and, absorbing every ! other element of the sun’s light,, will re- j fleet only the blue of heaven. From I clay to saphires. from sand to opals, from j soot to diamonds—nothing But doth suffer a “land” change Into something new and strange. The fine lava dust becomes-the rich val ley soil, it passes into the nutriment and sap of grain and vines: it waves in heavv ears that bend before the autumn wind; it lives in the oak trunk and the grape bunch. The earth hath dust of gold, \nd God comprehends it in a measure. He lias counted- the se-a sands and weighed the mountain masses. Hiseye. seeth every precious thing. TEARS ARE PRECIOUS.. They are almost as common as dust. The world is full of weepers. And each life ;has Its share appointed for it. It is not a chance thing—the diet of tears. God gives men tears to drink in a measure— meted out, considered, appointed. There is an order in the seeming chaos, a meth od in the passion of the world. This is what is often not clear. The tears . of the world’s trouble- seem-made to fall . tia-mc ausuvnias at ' the wind’s will, blinding the eyes and hiding the fair face of things from us. The ! moral ap pointments of life seem as mysterious, more, than the natural. . But close looking often sheds some light on both. It used to be brought up as an objection to the argument to final causes. , that the world had in it vast deserts, fields of ice, hot and humid climes. In the Middle Ages men had no admiration for the wild scenery of the hills. Mountains were to them the haunts of gloom. And the forces of nature, that bore often de struction in their track, like eruptions, lightning, and tempests, seemed enemies of man. Now men are learning a little of - THE HARMONY AND INTERDEPEN DENCE OF GOD’S WORLD. Interfere with one mountain range, and you break the steadfastness of the rain fall and destroy human lives. In the old upheavals that lifted up the lava from the bottom of the sea. or through the fis sures in the rocks that stand up here and 'there near our most fertile corn lands, there was destruction; but the fine dust was covering the earth with fertility, and where desolation lay, golden plenty smiles. So there are moral wastes in life to be fertilised by tears. And if by making men weep God can teach them to love. He will give tears to drink in a measure.Y’ou cannot see why there is brine in the cup God sends you from His table. But in that bit of mind-soil given to ho tilled for Him— GOD’S TILLED LAND— there are spots that have not yet yielded, thin soil, where the rocks crop out, foot paths where the hurrying thoughts crowd] one another away; and out of that field of yours there must come, by sun and shower, by dust and wind, by toil and sweat, by dew of tears if need be, a har vest for God. Sadness is not blind, dumb, useless. Men learn in it. They grow in it. They be come tender in it. And the eyes' that cannot see outer things clearly through the mist of grief, grow used to the dim ness and behold in it the face of Jesus Christ. Who cares for the dust? Blown about the pendent world, trodden under • foot; whirling in unregarded clouds alopg. the highway, crushed by the wheel, torn and harrowed in the field? God, God hath comprehended it all in a measure—made spme.of it iflto mountains and some into crystals, -built it into the granite or . the. WHO NOTES THE MYRIAD OF TEARS that drop frbmrhuman eyes? Men know and mark a- great sorrow. When--an amiable prince dies there, is national grief; when a great leader falls there is foreboding and sorrow; but what of the unknown tears from the thousands of heavy eyes in homes where illness and loss have'been? What of the tears ' shed in secret oyer .personal disappointments and failures and sins? What are those that quietly flow over the troubles and an noyances of the day? What of the weep ing of the widow and the orphan? Thou givest them tears to drink in a measure. ’ God apportions human grief, God notices human grief. With tears • GOD WORKS MARVELS, greater than the transforming of dust into jewels. ' He fashions character by their means. So much grief seems use less to us. But if God sends it and mea sures it, its use is secured. Leaves and blossoms, fruit and flowers, are made from the dust by the divine chemistry, and hope and faith are wrought from our pains and losses that cut deep into tlie life. “Patience, worketh experience, and experience hope, and hope maketh not ashamed, because the love of God is’shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost given unto us.” Every day of your wandering, every shelter-spot on the road, every step when the tired-feet could [ hardly go, is known and planned by God, I and lfas its part in THE FINAL OUTCOM12 OF LIFE. And from them shall at last be wrought the manhood.’ the fulness of soul whose ! completion will be marked by the iemo\ I al of all teat’s. God sends them. God serves them out in measure, and at last, when their work on men and women is ; done. He wipes them away. ‘’And Goa ; Himself shall wipe all tears front their “The earth bath dust of gold."’ Oust is precious. Teavs are precious, .Christ took our human dust upon Him.. and wept our tears. He took dust info* union with Spirit, with Himself. "God, made man of the dust of the earth.” ’ He remembereth-that we are dust.” Arid “He was made in ail things like unto-.TIis brethren.” “I-Ie took hold on tho sc€*$ o Abraham.” What capacities in dust to bfe made in union: with GodlHe has conv prehended the dust of the eart h, the dust man- is made of. in a measure—taken it into, the complex personality of the Son ■ of God, stamped, it with His immortality and the seal of eternal life. “And He is the Saviour of the body.” . All science is A LESSON IN TRANSFORMATION OF MATERIAL. j From the rock that lies cold, immobile in ■its mountain bed. to tlie feather-dust of the insect's wing that HS25 ; ;lnd absolutely still. All is a current, a "aux. From the’chemical affinities of the mineral kingdom to the plant selections, from plant to animal, all the world rises. . and Christ's work shows the. Spirit sav ing, ruling, transmuting. using all to the higher ends of the soiil atid God s King dom. ' Ascetisnr condemns and ex cluctes. Christ harmonises and compre hends. From soul - through • matter to soul, again, the world moves, but to soul triumphant, melodious, inclusive, and supreme. . . . “Thou givest them- tears to drink ' in a measure.” He gave- them to Christ- to drink. “Jesus wept.” “He prayed -with strong crying and tears.” This was a real incarnation. NOT AN IMPASSIBLE GOD. an intangible, ineffable Divinity appear ing in human form, and retreating in every trouble into the untroubled depths! within Him,but One that might betouch-1 ed. Goethe, in “Wilhelm Meister,” calls; Christianity the “Worship of Sorrow.” It' is the sanctification of sorrow, the using of it to the end of life, the forcing it to | yield its fruit of spiritual result. Men press the grapes of pain to drink the wine ! of life. Jesus trod the wine-press, and trod it alone, that all mourners might call Him friend for ever more. The Stoic and the Christian fashion of comfort are two. very different things. There is,a supposed possibility of finding repose of soul by a keen sense of one's absolute insignificance, and this is the Stoic way: “There’’s consolation. The universe is infinite. In the pre sence of its celestial magnitu des. who is there who is really great j or -small, and what’ is the difference be- i tween you and me. my work and yours?” j ("Mark Rutherford’s Deliverance,” p. 192). This is ANNIHILATING LIFE. NOT SAVING . IT; it is losing, not comprehending, the single life. Jesus says tlie infinitude of God is full of an infinite variety; it counts the hair of one’s head, it notes the sparrow that falleth to the ground. Peace, repose | will not abide with men by their being told that they are nothing and nobodies. Christ’s way is different. You may be lost, vile, hopeless, but yet you are a lost sheep from God’s fold, a lost coin front His treasury, a lost son from His home. If man is nothing, why make a fuss about either his loss or his salvation? ■qd thinks him . worth, saving. Christ minus him worth saving, and this makes loss more awful, and salvation more glor YOUR WORK. PLEASURE. HOPES. GRIEFS, joys, tears, are known to God, of interest to God. He is mighty, and despiseth not any. He comprehends the dust of the earth in a measure, and the tears of man. You think sometimes that you have more than your share of trouble. Others are placid, unmoved, happy. You; -wing from change to change, and never con tinue in one stay. You seem to have sorrow upon sorrow. But tlie limit is rigidly fixed. Not one more tear will ever fall from between your eyelids than God meant. He gives them in a measure. He wiil not permit you to be overborne, : overwhelmed. .He will not suffer you to | be tempted above that ye are able to j bear—as E. B. Browning says in “ THE MEASURE.” J God. the Creator, with a pulseless baud Of unoriginated power, hath weighed The dust of earth and tears of men in one Measure and by one weight: So saith Ilis holy Book. Shall we, then, wlio^ have issued from the dust And there return, shall we who toil for dust And wrap our winnings in this “dusty life.” Say, “No more, tears. Lord God! The measure runneth o’er?” O. Holder of the Balance, laughest Thou? Nay.. Lord! be gentler to our foolishness; For His sake who assumed our dust, and turns On Thee pathetic eyes Still moistened with our tears. And teach us, O our Father, while we weep, To look in patience on earth and learn Waiting in that meek gesture, till at last These tearful eyes be filled With the dry dust of death. 