YULETIDE JOKING.' Christmas -" crackers "— Ghost stories. Motto for Christmas (seasoned to suit' tho tasto of tho gluttonous dyspeptic) — Nono but tho bravo digest tho Christmas faro ! Tommy Wagstor : " Pa, why. ia a plum pudding mudo round ?" Mr. Wugstev : "Per haps so that it will go round, my boy." "Ye9," said tho poor littlo boy, "I got my stockiners both full ut Christinas." "What of?" asked tlio rich littlo boy. "Feet," said tho poor littlo boy. Tho Sweot Young Tiling: "Havo you any idea what you will got in your Christmas stocking, Mr. Grouch?" Old Grouch; "Dunno. Rheumatism, I reckon." . " Yes, I always givo Dickio a magic lan tern every Christmus." " Why do you do that?" "It keeps my husband at homo for. several nights trying to make it work?" Louisa coaxed her mother for an hour before sho secured permission to accept Mr. Widderloy's Christmas gift." "Wull?" " Aud then I10 didn't send her anything.'' " Christinas aomcs but once n-yenr," said Undo Ebon, "but dut 'ortcnter put liniitu- tious on do pcnco un' good will. Do folks dnt makes dam is right herb all do time." Mr. Nuwcd (at tho tie-counter) : "Horo's hnlf-u-orown for you, my friend, if you'll hido tlioso nightmare ties. My wife will lie in horo in a minute to buy mo a Cliristmus gift." Tho Turkey : I wouldn't mind Ohristmas so much if Farmer Jones wasn't, such a lover of old jokes." The Hog: "What's that to yon 7" ThoTuriroy: "He'll stuff mo with chestnuts." " Christmas tied," as tho wag remarked as tho nowly-wcddcd pair came out of churoli. "Trying my patients," us tho doctor re marked to himself, as ho despatohed some heavy accounts. Pordita: "With as many admirers as you havo it must havo been a rathor expensive Christinas for you.-" Penolopo : " Oh, no, not at all. I merely gave them, each moro or less encouragomcnt." Christmas Riddle : Wlipt is tho difforenco between Christmas bells and Christmas bollos ? Why, tho former ring un indefinite number qf changes, while tho hitter (too often) ohaugo un indefinite number of (engagement) rings. "I think pa hasn't got much money this year," said hor 'littlo brother. " What makes you, think so?" asked his littlo sister. " 'Cause ho was telling mo that it wasn't right to imposo on Sarita Olaus just because tliooldfellow was good-natured." "We've got to economise. . Hero'sChrlst- mus coming on, houso will liavo to bo doi;o up, presents to buy, and lots of other things," said Mr. Gargoyle to his wifo. "Very woll, dear," replied tho good woman cheerfully.- " Youshavo yourself and I'll oiit your luiir," "Henry," said Mr. Meekton's wifo. '-"I think that it would bo bettor for you to toll ino candidly what you would like to liayo liio givo yau for Ohristmas." "AU right,", wus tho answer. "Would you— would you- objuot to writing out a list or tho things you think wo need?" Hennypeok: "Last Christmas wns tho happiest day of my life." Askius: "How was that?" - Ho'miypeck: " A burglar hvokp into the house on tho previous night "uud stolo tho handsomely lithographed box of Royal Cabhuga'Loafa cigars that my wife had bought as 11 present for mo." "What .is this I hear?" oxolaimed tho caroful mother ; " Mra. Fliglitly tolls 1110 thnt you were kissed by. almost every muni at hor party Christmas night."' " I couldn't holp ft, mamma. Soraoono stuck a.sprig of mistle toe iu my. hair, and I couldn't lot on I know it was there whilo thoy -were haying eomuoh fun oiit of.it." Ho grew enthqsiastio ns ho folt the tonoh of tho joyful season. "Signs of Christmas ou eyory hand," ho said. " All nature .re- joioos. Thore aro tho birds, and tbo flowers, and the. grass, and tho traps-; — — " "And tlio shop windows," slio interrupted in' hor suggostivo, insinuating way. But ho was 