LORI* RGRY; THE ROsfroF CASTHLE Bv .Mm. Mat Aa»M FutuiMO, . Author of 'Wed, Yot No Wifo,','The Star of Da Vors,' 'Sbaddeak Light,' etc., etc I CHAPTER XIV. ?Foollah mammal' — the radiant beauty bent to ki&g; tho pale, sweet face ao like her own — ? tbey should not have told yoa. I did loose my way — was atiaoked by a brigand— eared by a eallant cave. Uot — overtaken by a viol-nt ftorra — oholtorod Id a «ip-y camp, and Mid my £uturo by a handsome gitanaf Alto gather an sdventuro, dearest mother — was it not f i She inugnert sottlyv ami acsoa op against the white marble of the ohim ney- pleoe, th» mellow glow of the. wax lights streaming down on tbe aoarlot coronal And riob floating laoes— a pic ture to haunt an ariiat to bis grave. ' ' ' Attacked by a brigand t My doareet Evolyn 1' bar mother orlod. ' Romantic, mamma, bat quite tru». Perhaps ho was a bopgar not q brlpand; bat it cornea to, tho same thing, since he seized my horao and demanded raonor. Au [ had no money, --h« demanded my watoh and jewo'a, and would have bad there, too, without doubt, only on the instant uj-K rode coy cavalier to tbe tOBOUO.' ' , ? Tour cavalier t One of the gentlemen in tbehouee, of oourto.' ' Not at all — a , ?trsnjjer. That .,1s to e»y— I dareaay yon, remember him— Mr. Vivian Trovannanoo.' 'Ah I' ' ,. . - '? The countess moved impatiently amid her canbiono, and looted op swiftly i'n her daughter's faoo. -But that beautiful faoo was supremely oareleie^-tho violot eyas full of laughing ltitht. j ' Ton reoollect, mamma, be visited ns, ?even yeara ago, in Spain. , He had for gotten me, but I romsmbored bins at onco. Ho took mo for shelter to th» gipay oamp,'and accompanied me home. Aa tho storm wis breaking ngnta wbVn we roaobe'l, here, I invited him to entor, but be declined. He would have gone on, I believe, in the pouring rain, to. Royal R«Bt, but that Lord Clydoamore and papa chanced to appear, and ' they really took him oaptive by ,'main' force.' , ' 'Ah!' theoonntssa said again, v«rr thonubtfnlly. ' And he dinea bere tbis evening ? What is be like, this young' man E' Lddv Eroljn looked at her mother la ?nrpriae. ' Ton noking questions, mamma,' and inter-nt djn the appearance of Mr. Vivian Viotor Trevannnnco I You bop, I . bnow his name. What will happon aextf ? Tell mo, my dear.' ? I \- What he is like ? Really I turn not cure that I nan. He ia handsome, cer tainly — a stalely and pallojit plntlpman, ?with the perfeot' manners' and finished ease of a courtier; but what is the co lour of hi* eyes, or tht- hue ot his hair, or the shape of bis none, I em not pro-' pared to say, However, mamma ' — with her gar, glad emile — '.as rbu appear in torente4,in the aubjnot, I. will take a mental photograph, ot my preserver, for jour benofit, at dinner.' Tbe counters looted up with 'onm-ot words on her lips, ,but before she conld utter them tho great bell up in the windy turrets clanged for dinn»r. ' I muBt leave ydu, ronmra*. Ah, if you could hut oome down I It is cruel to leave you here alone.' ? Better here, my dtiarest ' I would bo bat tho skeleton ot tlio frast, ' and tho e Is only you to miss me. Go — he happy, and jouog, and beautiful whilo you mny. Gather life's roars while they bloom. On)y*oome baok hero before yon retire.' l '? , - . ' With Mr. Trevaonanoe'e portrait t Certainly,' mamma. Until then'— ? S b ki«B3fl tne pslo brow lightly ;' then swept from the ronm, h«r silvery drapery floating lightly about her, and with all the lofty, beautiful grace o( a j oung doer. , » * Loft alone, the countess sank b»olc among the cushions with e, heavy, weary algh. ?Shots lovely as a dream. She in hopeful and vouog— as I w'asnnoe. A.h Dios, what a woary while ago it seems I Will the; blight her III-, too ? Will she love this man to whom they will ? wed her? She dooa not know ; ahe speaks of hjm ao lightly. If she only drowned— my beautiful, proud Evelyn *— that, whether sbe will or no, ahe must marry him. Hs is made of iron— her fa'thar. What Is aho that she should venture to oppoae hin will f S-ie ie beart-frse now. Oh, pitiful Heaven 1 let her love tbie nvm whom ehe mu«t wed.' , Backward her thoughts went drifting nineteen' year', to a dreirlly-loveleaa bridal — loveloBS on her part at least. Gerald Desmond had been a successful man. He bad won all for whioh he had plotted — all. Tho oorouot that had bsen the dream of his life, the title he had oovetod so passionately, the woman h« had loved with a Qereo, eovaao, burning lore, the heiress wboao wealth bad ro etored the greatness and vplnndor of a fallon name — all had bsen bis I He had tak«n bis aeat in Parliament,' he had made his name famous aa tbo name o( a profound atateaman, a stirring orator, a leader among 'the leaden and law motors of mankind. . Ilia ambition had heon satiated to the full. Th« 'Earl of Glontarf wns * synonvm for all that 'is great and good. He bad endowed hos pitals, founded aeyium*, pleaded for t -e down- trodden and the oppressed, r« formed olma-hoaaes, and headed muni uoently every oharitablo work ; and yet sines the fierce fire of bi» love- for tb» woman ho had wed had, burned itself oat. and that ere the .honeymoon h»d ended, there was not fa all the wide kingdom a more miserable man than this bidden aaeassla who had slala bin friend, \Fpr, dead and In Us grave, ? Roderlo Desmond pursued him- and outrivaled h|m still. With hie first wrd'led. kits warm on, her lip»r hsr loit lover b-id arisen before Inez D arnond, roproaohfal and pain, and with one faint, Jnoaninir word— his name —she had slipped DmoU in a dead faint in her new-made bus bands arjn, ' Ho had stood botween them from that' hour; and no* 'tnat nineteen years bl-d paneed nnd gone, the 'memory of tho briifbt, beautiful lovt-rof her yoath'was dearer to iho'Conntwe of Clontirfthsn her living lord -na-l ev^r been in tne hours whan -she hadlstriven to love him most. ' ,, He had murdered Rolerio Desmond and won for himself th* loveliness ho had, coveted f but Rodorio Daxmond still claimed his lost bride br right ri|vinoot that deathless lovi. Th«ro bad been times when/in the- mMst of hia'impa Bioned caresaosrhie endearing wordn, bo coldly borne and never returned, he had hurled her from him, in a paroxysm of ra^onnd de»p'air, and'rua-ed fruni her presence. There were timue when, madly ns he worshipped h«r, bo could hovs tiken a riaggcr and plunued it into her very heart! — -hot heart of ice to him —for over gone with tbo bright-hair-d yomb, eo foully slain in bis strung young manl/ood. And then, an paseion unretnrned maot t at fiery love had died out, and given wa\ to oulle - hate. Ah, how brief tbe boundary over is between loving and h ? ing, ami tno warmer the love tho bitterer the hate. Gerald Desmond, eli.wly but s'urelV, Brew to hate i.is wire. He hated h'ir now above all oarthly Ihinga, and bit terly mudo her feel it. In tho hour whoa his cMU was born ho had wished with all din eonl for Hb mothora death ; for tiiat palo rootlior. lookinir up from her pillows with great, dork,' diluted eywe, that s-eraed burning into bis bad heart, i-ad can.bt bin wrlut in her cold, wan fiugdrs, and wuisporod, weirdly : 1 Gerald, Heaven has sont me comfort tat lastly Sho loots at mo with my loet darlM)g'e,eyoar ', 'A'rl^stjion she had fallen? baok, tho poor,. pale lips, murmuring ihinga piti ably em^ll, eingine fragm'^ntsoftlieuld Spanish, ballaila Rory had loved, 'bid whioh she had nover »ung»inae bib lose/ Anjl' a ourfle,uaeep and 'mighty, haa otfmp crushed through IiorS. ClontaVf'e 'set toeth*7 In that' .hoar he oould have strangled mother 'and child, jfor the 'frail mitoot babyhood, gazing iip'wiiH ,wlde-opsh eyes from billcvraof il'itnneU and raUalln, and lioe, lookad at blm, in 'dear), with the wondrous vi»let eye» whose light bis red right band hait quenotod two years b- fore. But the frail babe grdw and Sotrrlsheri and the father, loved her with the only lasting, pure, and unselfish love ot hie 11 e. And onoe more he loved in vain. Aa her mother had .been ero her birth, au the ohild was to iiim—aold as enow',' passionless aa marblo, Submitting to- hi-1 oaroBseB, never, never ret -rnlng 'them with one word, one louk, one tho ight ol love. It was his pnDiHhmont— or pan ot it— and the doep, dark, vlol«t eyes haunted him ever, like an avenging ghost. . Jtunwondprsd why the great states man's hair had silvered 'lo-Hoon.— Wby, at Qttr, h'e was more Worn, and haggard, nn-l pallid, and hollow-eyed than mon, of eighty— and set it down to' profound^ tudy 'and ceasele-a montal lahor. And f all the world— his world— onlv hi* *if« Imew or'guoBned. - . t ' 'Tor aliorrlblo f oreahado »ing -of the 'irinu hall dawnod nppn,her^ ' Had she not heard him,' in his fitful iatad -broken »lo»p; t'oBs biB arms and strugslo wildly, t'l'id err out, 'with a dreadful voioar.ol ^iton^ that had pealod through tho el ^enoeof thu still nfirhtf Had aha--not '~neard that one b -loved name shrieked in his frouzy ? Had sbe n't heard, broken fraKnront'i that, Btrnri* tbgefc'ior, told lbs «IioIh grMy, tfllu P Up to that time «bo had itrtven to dos tier ' dutv —to- -like him— to i overcome ' her loathinir and r-puirnanc«; but she never straggled 'gain. : .(id br cotmntro)}* -- — ' 