SUMMER ADVICE. BE MODERATE. IN EATING AND DRINKING. WEAR FLANNEL NEXT THE SKIN LIGHT, WHITE OUTER CLOTHING. OPINIONS OF DR. fmrcSSWKT.T.. When the mercury rises In the thermo meter to a hundred and odd, juid the bak ed Australian inops his perspiring hrow as he sighs, too often vainly, for a south breeze. It Is essential that he should know what to eat, drink him! wear, so thai the Ill-effects of the heat rtinll bent least :r.i- tigated.Topjficolihn hi possession of that knowledge we have interviewed ' Dr. GrefswcJI, the chairman of the Buyrd of Public Health, and tho opinions of an authority on health questions, which we! are able to give, should prove valu- i able. "What to eat. drink, and to wear, how to avoid sun-stroke and brat-stroke, and what to do In the event of either being sus tained?— R's rather a large order for the compass of a short newspaper article." And the doctor smlleJ. "But, perhapa, we can manage It by condensing vigorous ly." ho continued, "so, to begin. I should Bay, generally, "BE MODERATE IN ALL THINGS. AND EXTREMELY MODERATE IN THE USE OF ALCOHOLIC DRINKS." "That Is tho most Important point of all, and deserves a lino to Itself In capital let ters. There should be. no excesses of any son. Anything that'euervatos or re duces tho system Is sure to ho a source of additional risk to a person In a hot climate and exposed to tho direct rays of the sun. Then, with moderation In all things, should come regularity In all things— re gularity In work, meals, exorcise, and sleep. Moderation nnd regularity must be practised rlgorusly If n healthy tone of the system Is to be maintained." CLOTHING. "Leaving the general principles which must be observed, and coming to details, we will put clothes on our model summer man. First, he should wear flannel next the skin, not the thick Irritating flannel sometimes to be seen In our shops, but lighter merino, with a small percentage of cotton with It. His outer clothing should be while, nnd, of course, light, ami for the 'protection of the delicate orgnnDni of the abdomen, lie should wear a cummerbund, or drawers which will overlap his flannel shirt In that region. JIls head gear should be a white helmet of bamboo wicker (which is the best), or cork. The helmet should he roomy in the roof io permit of proper ventilation, and It should come well down nil round In the brim, hut par ticularly at the back nnd front— over the nape of tlie neck and the cyea" DRINKS. "In the' matter of drinks, abstinence from alcohol ns far ns practicable is the chief point. Nothing is so bad as the al coholic 'peg,' which, though it may create pleasurable excitement. Is only tempo rary In Us action, and, loading to another, and another, Inevitably undermines the digestive and nervous systems, which nre the two systems that It Is essential should be kept ,ln vigor nnd good tone. Again, uleohollc abuse leads to the destruction of natural sleep In tho natural time, which Is night, and ns sloop ia one of the most Im portant requisites for the maintenance of health, and at the same is most difficult to obtain tn summer, that is another and excellent reason for extreme moderation in the use of alcohol. For those who take alcohol, claret cup Is least Injurious. Hoila- wntcr Is a safe drink, but with nny water care should be taken lo sec that 11 has been properly filtered. Micro-organisms, Ukc snakes, nre most active, and their virulent properties nre most marked in summer, therefore, proper filtration of all drinking water is essential. Tea (In mode ration) is a good cooling beverage." FOOD. "Aa far as possible a vegetable diet should be chosen. A certain amount of animal food will, of course, he found necessary, but It should he largely reduc ed In favor of vegetables. Ripe fruit Is good, and it Is very Important that the midday meal should be n light one. Parr, who lived, to a grout age, when asked the secret of his longevity, said, 'Keep your head cool by temperance, your feet warm by exercise, rise early and go to bed soon, and if you nre Inclined to 'get fat, keep your eyes open and your mouth 'shut.' That Is excellent advice neatly put." EXERCISE, &e.; "Exercise Is essential to keep the skin active, ami to keep up healthy action of the bowels. Riding und walking arc Ric hest kinds of exorcise. Cycling is good In extreme moderation, but the tendency to Immoderation with those who cycle Is marked, particularly amongst the young. Lads may ho scon nny day as pale us ghosts, and gasping for. breath, because of the exertion they havo used to ride fast and overcome hills. Bathing Is very ad visable — in tho tropics it Is particularly resorted to for tho building up of the sys tems of the children. Smoking, which tends to pull down the acllon of the heart, should bo only moderately indulg ed in at any time, but particularly in tho SUN AND HEAT STROKES. "If the advlcoalreadygivcn he followed, (he danger of sustaining sun and heut strokes will be much minimised. Where any tendency to such strokes Is noticed, frequent recourse should be had to cold douching und to shampooing the head. When n stroke is sustained the patient should be removed lo a cool ami sheltered place, and cold water should be applied to the nape of the neck and the head. Ice is extremely valuable for cuch applica tion, but where Ice cannot be obtained frcu use of the pump will do. Naturally, no tltne should be lost In obtaining' the ser vices of n medical man, but while waiting use cold water unsparingly. Let it to- remembered ' that alcohol favors heat stroke. Let the people restrain their in dulgence of It, and wc will hear of fewer cases, und will wunt less cold wnter and less Ice." Wc learn by telegram from our Nhill correspondent, that the residence of Mr Joseph White, stotlonmaatcr, at Dlnpur, was totally destroyed by fire last night, at twelve o'clock. The oecupunts escaped In their night nttlrq. They were awaken ed by the (lames. The furniture was in sured in tho Colonial Mutual Society for Lino. 