AN analysis of the recommendations of the Public Service Reclassification Board has riot failed to disclose instances in which the members, while engaged in their to rectify anomalies, have made proposals which are likely tocreato other ‘anomalies. That; some /sbreness and bit terness of feeling should have been, occa sioned in -various branches of the service was inevitable,- and it will not bo alto gether allayed by the assurance that the /report .is in a senso impersonal in its ap plication, that its recommendations affect . offices rather -than the holders of. them, and til at apart from the limited possibili faes of changes and retrenchments being brought about by vacancies, that will oc cur in the ordinary course of events, op portunities will arise for transferring offi ; cers who are deemed overpaid at present to posts in which they will more fully earn their present emoluments. The proposals affecting the heads of departments have certainly laid themselves open l to question, and some difficulty has been experienced iu divining the principle on which the dis parity between their monetary positions is suggested. Why, for example, should the Under Secretary for Lands and the .Secretary or Under Secretary for Customs, be classified on a basis of £9OO per annum, while the offices of Secretary for Educa tion (one of /the greatest departments of the State) is graded at £BOO, and those of the permanent heads of the Departments of Mines and Agriculture (both branches of grovripg' importance) are assessed as worth only £750 per annum; Asa matter of fact the Lands Department is a declin ing agency, and'must continue to dwindle in proportion to the progress of-land alie nation, while the work of the offices of mining, agriculture, and. water' supply must expand with the growth of the co lony. Nevertheless the stajus of the head of tho Lands Departnient is raised, while that of the 3Y a ter 'Supply Department is lowered.: Oh this point it ■is urged . with some force by experienced officers that al though primA facie, hhe deiiartinent may bo more and the? delicacy, apd>responsibility; involved: in.the! duties ’ of ' the' permanent" head'■ of 1 one de-i partment. ,may iberleis, serious, ythnn in /the! case ■ of another: department,- 1 the moral; Value, of thd. tyro positions; cannot ‘be; mea-J sured, the' sense of bel measured;. 'and- the .salaries, - it is argued,; should bo.the sameiall round.;. This'view; is'held to bd supported by th 4 practice.in the Imperial service,, where-the permanent heads generally are paid a uniform salary of .£2OOO a j'ear.; The reclassification, how-, ever, it is urged, presumes to grade the whole department. • Logically this would involve distinctions between, positions, in different departments, though the work dono is identical. This point is noticed in the Education Department, for exnmple, where certain services are graded lower than equivalent services in other depart ments. In many instances the board ap pears to have been guided by somewhat hazy notions as to the relative importance of kindred positions. ■ No more glaring case could bo cited, perhaps, than that of tho assistant clerks of Petty Sessions in Ballarat.; Hitherto these officers have •been on the same footing, yet it is pro posed tofix the maximum salary attainable -in the Ballarat - East post at £125 .per annum l in excessof . that ; payable in - the GitjV'and to render the maximum in the latter case n salary.less by .£lO per annum, than that actually paid at present. With-; out making any invidious distinction what ever between the'relative importance of the'positions at-the courts, this disparity can only be viewed Us a palpable .absurdity.; Absolute equality, as hitherto, may cer tainly'. be justly claimed by the officers whom it is proposed to disrate. In other cases similar anomalies are discernible. .The board has lio doubt-.laid its finger upon some examples of extravagant remu neration for the simplest of work, and ap plied, the ,pruning knife with. unsparing hand, as, for example, where it proposes ; to reduce the salary of onq.of the offices .of ease in the Treasury from £4SS to ,£285 per -annum; but on the ether hand, it has ex hibited a generous disposition towa'rds other 1 officers, as'.eyinced in ;a,marked ad vance in the payment for the distribution of tlm rapidly .diminishing penmons 'of the colony. Amongst Iho lower grades, of. tho . service there will bo some ground for dis satisfaction arising from the disappoint ment ;of a hope that the result of the re classification would be to raise their pay to something, like the scale which prevailed a few years ago, when the colony was in a more prosperous position. Instead of the pay attached to tho lower offices being raised it lia3 been reduced, and the board has practically endorsed the Patterson Go vernment’s regrading Act, which lowered tho salaries of the different classes, as fully warranted.' The appeal of many of tho claniorers for .“ reclassification of ano malies" has been from King Log to King Stork. Many' of the humbler servants of the Stato will have no difficulty in making out a case for rather more consideration tluih has been meted out to them, with some asperity of allusion to a tendency to the " wittering of tall poppies and.the tramp ling- under foot of the unpretentious vio let,” of which indications are not alto gether wanting in the board’s .recommen dations, as, for example, in the accompani ment of drastic__retrenchment in lower grades with seeming favoritism to higher officers in comparison with those who have entered the service since the abolition of pensions, and who, will not be entitled on their retirement,'like many of those whose salaries are to lie increased, to splendid in comes until death; ' Estimates as to the probable gain to the State by the adoption of tho scheme are divergent. On the basis of the estimate of .£1,500,000 for the Pub lic Service, apart ..from the railways, last yeaT, it has been computed that the new classification will effect an economy of be tween 16,and 17 per cent, per annum on tho salaries now paid, in which event the country, would save over £250,000 per an num. Tho immediate translation of the wliolo scheme into’Operation, however, is impossible-. The gentlemen now occupying positions for discharging the duties of. which the board declare they are overpaid have a fixity of tenure which cannot well be assailed. The dcherne; it is added, may bo gradually worked out by shifting the highly paid officers, where fitted for the work, into -politibns ; appropriate to their salary, as vacancies occur. The process will, however, necessarily be a slow one. It will be a long.time before tho Victorian taxpayer receives the benefit Of the yearly saving of £2so,ooo,'assuming that the new classification scheme runs the ; gauntlet-of Parliamentary criticism. «.'i ! The match-, between , the Australian Eleven and’ the County team ended on. Wednesday in a draw. As York shire required 11 funs to avert defeat and had only one'wicket do'fall,'the advantage lay with.the Australians, who, but for the intervention of'time, would probably have had the satisfaction’ of; adding another victory to their list. The game through-, out was! one of surprises, ’and certainly proved ohe.of the most, interesting matches so far played.’ The first sensation was provided by the Australians, who, going in to bat on a;go6d .wicket,-were all disposed of fori J4l,v.thanks chiefly to . the. excellent bowling of-Hirst, who secured eight wick ets for'4B runs. The;Yorkshire men re sponded: with 235, and thus gained a lead of 94 runs. The Australians in their se cond innings conclusively proved that the form 1 shown by theniiin ( thc'first innings was altogether incorrect,, as they knocked .tho ibowliiig about it.oYsuch an extent; that 415 runs jyero posted, before the last wicket fell. With a lead of. 322 a victory for the visitors.'seemed assufed, 1 and' when two .of Yorkshire's most reliable ‘bats had' been disposed of..,without; U,,run having been .scored,. the' result’appoared a .certainty. J. ■ T.A Brown, -seii., -had,' however,- ;to- be •reckonedvwith,: and a- brilliant innings' by him for ICG saved,’the .county.,; (.Whilst -Hirst; didr.tlie. principal ibmvling: for York shire, Noble, far,: the Australians .put up an ljperformance_. by; ; capturing: six wfck'ets.in each. innmgsV.’Tbiiesr tlie Ade -1 la ide express, who 1 h'asfbeen showing‘excel-; lent form during, the 1 .tour, signally failed in the-Yorkshire matck.'fand only secured one wicket'.' ' A report of tke'game appears itti;amother;,columns.:i: A'.::; -v::r j The R.M.SV Oruba 'afrived ,! at' 'Albany from Colombo.atT.J’.lOrp.m. last evening. The niails .will 'prebablv be., delivered in Ballarat, bu’ Tuesday ./The, sis. Polynesian | also arrived at Albany yesterday from Cq -1 lombo at 3.30 p m.- ;i> : ’ ; Yesterday Mayor Elliott and Cr Heinz waited upon Mr. Shields,,local, postmaster, to explain to him the position with regard to the telephone at tho cattleyards. As has already, been explained in “ The Star,” though the City Council pays the annual fee fof this connection, it is not for the use of either‘ councillors or tho officers, who have no business with the cattleyards, but of a number of ratepayers I 'to'whom'it proved a great convenience. The depart ment declined to-allow those who are not subscribers to use the line; and the City Counoil on-Monday .passed a resolution to discontinue the connection unless rate payers in whose interest it was established are allowed to use itv All these facts were forcibly placed before Mr Shields by the councillors named, and that gentleman promised to forward their statements to tho head of the department. With the approach of August the names of probable aspirants for municipal honors at Sebastopol are being mentioned. Mr James Hallidav is generally regarded as a certain candidate.- ; : Considerable delay is being caused in connection with the necessary work of clearing the Yarrowee Creek-at Winter's Elat, owing.to the.tardiness of the Public .Works Department. ;At yesterday’s meet ing of -the Buninyongshire Council the Shire engineer, Mr G. Hale, reported that the tenders for the work which were ac cepted by the Council,‘ail'd forwarded.to the Department for. approval on the even ing of the Btli' inst.,,wore not yet returned nor had any communication been received ■which would enable, the Council to take tho necessary, steps to have the work com menced;. It might be .mentioned that the tenders had to -be submitted : to the De partment for approval owing to the grant of £2OO .having- been made to the Council for the work'.' i .. : At the .City .Court : yesterday, before Messrs’ Johns, ‘P.M., and' Elliott, J.P;, Jolin -Livermore was charged, with larceny as a bailee of a handcart, the property of Josepk Pulbrook;- marine store dealer, of Errard street. Livermore, who had been known to. nine years, had borrowed a cart from him, valued at 255, and accused then bold it at Ford’s second hand shop rin : Main ,street for Bs. He ' " $ stated thatehWh'ad'boughtiif, but baying: -no-further-use for-it wished to sell it. Ac-j cused elected to be dealt with by the benchi and pleaded drink. He was sentenced to' fourteen days’ imprisonment.- c Anynebri- ( ate.was fined.2s Gd, and several undefended disposed of. : ! j 'A. member of Williamson and Musgrove’s' , company,. narrowly escaped a serious f;ac •'cidenFin Lydiard street, the Milling Exchange, yesterday afterhoon. He was riding~on horseback towards Sturt street,; when the horse swerved suddenly, throw ing his rider heavily on to the corner of the kerbstone. The horseman received a severe shaking, but escaped injury. ; * Two mischievous youths indulged in a reckless escapade 'yesterday morning. A Mrs Arbuckle drove into Ballarat from Scotsburn, and tied her horse up at the liaymarket whilo she went to Bridge street to buy a pair of boots. On returning she found the horse and .vehicle had disap peared. A search was instituted, and Con ! stablo Nicholson in the afternoon saw two very small boys driving a horse and trap.' Ho questioned them, and as their answers wero unsatisfactory he drove them to the watclinouse. The accused gave their names as HaTold Davis, residing in Alnir street, and Stephen Beeston, Little Bridge street. We regret to have to record the death of Mrs Martin, widow of Mr F. N. Martin, late of Seymour crescent, which took place yesterday morning, after a comparatively brief illness, at the age of 70 years, having only survived her husband for two years, The deceased lady was married to her late husband about 10 years ago, and came out to Australia with him, Mr Martin having been in Australia for several years pre viously. For many years Mrs Martin re sided at Creswick, where she succeeded in gaining the esteem of a very large circle of friends and acquaintances. In Ballarat; also, her memory will be recalled with very many kindly feelings. The funeral will taka place to-morrow afternoon, leaving her late residence at 12.30, passing through Creswick at about 3 o'clock. The de ceased lady’s remains will be interred in the Creswick Cemetery with those of her late husband. Some misunderstanding appears to exist with reference to the picture of the Legis lative Assembly in 1395, recently presented to the City; and now oh view in the City Hall. Tho mayor (Cr Elliott) has received several, requests for permission to see the painting, and wishes it to be understood that such requests are not necessary. The City Hall is always open, except for a few hours prior to the holding -of,-a-dance there, when the floor is waxed, and tho mayor i3 desirous that any person, whether ratepayer or otherwise, who desires to seb the picture should do so. A curious case of alleged larceny was dealt with at the Town Court yesterday, when Ann Williams proceeded against Alary Williams 'for stealing from her a counterpane, a piece of dress stuff, and somo articles.of clothing, the whole valued at 255. Tho complainant stated that while Hie defendant was lodging with her at a weekly payment of Is Gd, the articles in question wero missed and discovered later in sundry pawnbrokers’ shops. Alary-Wil liams stated, that she bad been asked by tlfo complainant to pawn the goods, and : I sha had given the money thus raised to her. Sho kept the tickets as she, was go ing to redeem the goods when, her son at Broken Hill sent her funds. She said that I sho had decided to redeem the goods her self owing to the fact that she had only been able to pay 4s towards her lodging i for tlireo months, and by taking out tlio articles sho would Teduce the balance against her. As tho bench were nt a loss which party to believe the*case was dis t.-juissed, , - .... , , ' Air. A, Rawlinson, private secretary to Lord Gormanston, Governor of Tasmania, l arrived in Ballarat yesterday, and was met I by Captain Stanley Low and shown over the City. Air Rawlinson'visited the School of Mines and also the gardens and other show places, and wa3 also taken down one of the -mines. - Mr Agnew, formerly Inspector of Alines, who is about to proceed to London,as the accredited agent there of the Victorian- Mines Department, will to-night be enter tained by his fellow, members of the Ju venile Industrial Exhibition Commission. Whilst in London Air Agnew has promsed to endeavor to secure suitable exhibits for tho exhibition which it isiproposed to hold towards the close of next year, and his position.should enable him to secure somo very acceptable articles.'' As Airs H. F: Elliott, Mayoress of the City, is still in Alelboume; too unwell to attend to. her civic duties, Airs C. C. Shoppeo has kindly consented to'act on her behalf at the reception of Aliss Amy Castles this afternoon. Two Indian hawkers named Jarrat Khan Alarga Khan were presented at the City Court, before, Messrs Johns, P.M.,, and Elliott, J.P., charged with trespass on the premises of Sir Henry Cuthbert on Wed nesday night. Captain Stanley Low stat ed that he was at dinner when ho heard tho groom expostulating with some per sons. He went out and found the In dians -camped in the yard, and they re fused to.leave; he sent for the police and they were given into custody. Tho groom, Henry Alassej- deposed that.the two; men walked into the ward and announced their intention of staying there. . He endoavoreil to got them away but without success. It was pointed out that these Indians : and other . foreigners had been haunting the neighborhood for some time, and had caused as great a scaro as the “ghost."; When asked yesterday to explain ' their presence in tho yard the only one' who could speak English suddenly lost his gift, . and displayed a most profound ignorance fo what, was going on. Both, were finod :7s, Gd; in. default three (days’ imprison ment. - ; . Alessrs H. Josephs, and .I. Lonie> J.’sP., presided at-the Town Court yesterday. ■ A young man was: charged with obstructing the footpath in Peel street. Plain-clothes constable Montague gave evidence to. the effect-tliat tlio. defendant \had driven 1 liis “horso end cart alongside., theboundary i’cncafof the,Eastern Oval on Saturday,;in order do obtain, u view ;of- the -football match; The defendant pleaded guilty; and was fined 55. : Jaines. Pursell, who was ar rested by Constable'Power -oil 'a warrant from Geolong, on a charge of larceny as a bailee, of. a bicycle,.the property of Alex. Atcßao, was' remanded to appear at the Geelong; Petty Sessions to-morrow. One petty debt case was disposed of. ; Mayor Elliott' is extremely anxious' that a knowledge that there are many beauty spots in and around Ballarat should be spread as widely, as possible through the colonies. With this end in view he lias forwarded a number of photographic views of various parts of the City—including several scenes at the lake and gardens'and Shoppee Square—to one of the illustrated , papers in'Sydney,-for use ‘if they consider it advisable -to -reproduce them; ‘ In’this f| -way some idea.of, what. can. be,seen here ..will he,conveyed, to .many..lmndreds who, perhaps, may not have seen Ballarat; ,and by their means visitors may bo attracted to tho place/'': ';- •: :mw~. '• \ ....-A, ri w.ell attended;meeting,; was.(held at Christ Churcli Hall last night, for the pur pose of taking steps , to- Jormoa. vßand o f Hope in connection with the Sunday School. Tho Rev. C. E. Bickmoro occu pied the chair, and gave an admirable ad dress, illustrating'the advantages of total abstinence, and pointing out to parents that childhood was tho time in which to irstil such-principles into the minds of their offspring. Mr T. Eggington, who at tho request of tho Dean consented to take charge of the Band, read the pledge to which members would have to subscribe, and tlio constitution under which it would bo governed. At the clcso of the meeting, a goodly number of children signed the pledge by which they became members of tlio Band, which lias thus been started under favorable auspices, and will be known as tlio Cathedral .Band of Hope. A.young man named William Brideoak, an inmate of.the Benevolent Asylum, was treated at' .the Hospital yesterdav for a strain, sustained whilst lifting a boiler. The attention of tlio Buninyongshire Council was yesterday drawn hv the shire secretary, Air G. Hale, to the large num ber of srray horses wandering about the shire. Cr Forbes thought the police should bo communicated with, and asked to prosecute the owners of the animals, hut Cr Kcnna pointed out that tho time of tlio police was principally taken up in •watching the hotels and looking for tho “ ghost” that had caused some sensation of Into in the district and in Ballarat East. Cr Davis suggested that tho shire secretary and rate collector he empowered to impound all horses wander ing m the shire; but it was explained that , those officers' also had not much time on their hands for such work. After some ■discussion, the matter ended for the want of a practicable suggestion to deal with tlio nuisance. A peculiar complaint regarding the im pounding of a horse engaged the attention of tho Bumnyongsliiro Council yesterday, when a letter was received from' a Air W: S. Brpmliead, stating that a horse belong ing to him had been taken to the shire pound by a Air Alacliael AFGannon, who had found it wandering on his property. Tr 10 -r, e^r 0r ■'*M e S e d that the poundkeeper, iMr P. Alorns, had impounded the animal, but in advertising the fact inadequately described the horse, thus misleading the owner, who was not aware from the de ecriptiou given that it .belonged to him; lho horse wa3 soon afterwards sold by the poundkeeper, and.Atr Bromhead contended that the sale was illegal. The poundkeeper stated to tbo'dounmrilmt his practioe was] to take“the” particiflais"ffom the person] who impounded, and he advertised the de-] scriptionsA thus giverirjhim: of stock im-i pounded, so :hat the owner could proceed; againshtho: person'.who; causedi.the stock 5 to he detained if the descriptions furnish-i ed --were not correct. The poundkeeper added that if he did not do this the per-, son impounding the stock might escape all liability..,On . the motion ofc T’orbes, 'sccbrided-by .Cr Side's, it was agreed to ■take no action in the ihatter.'it being con sidered. that the council was not respon sible, and that the affair must he settled between the individuals concerned. Last year’s drought, following upon the previous one3, has almost dried up the lake, and in consequence the fish have Ire come a niore easy prey to the cormorants, which- liavo accordingly flocked’hero in greater numbers than ever. There is. no chance of getting at them in a boat, unless in a flat-bottomed dingey, and even then tho odds are in favor of the birds if shot aro used, while it would be dangerous to uso express rifles, for fear of the bullets doing damage in the event of the live tar get being missed. Mayor Elliott is, how ever, determined that the stack of fish shall not die out if ho can prevent it. Ho has accordingly written to Mr Taylor, sec retary of tho local Fish Acclimatisation Society, and toErcildouno and Geelong, with a view to secure sufficient spawn to fill the hatching boxes at the gardens, and should these efforts riot bring about the desired result, ho will ask. the council to authorise, him to procure trout ova from Tasmania or New Zealand, or some other place where they arc available. The special order, for the placing of the loam: of .£16.000 of the Buninyongshiro Council under the provisions of the Muni cipalities Loans Extc-nson Act was confirm ed at yesterday’s meeting of the council by a formal resolution. The .particulars of the special order have already appeared in tho “ Star.” 7 . _. ~ An ar.omaly in the police service that no beard has ever yet offered to deal with is as- follows:—A member of-the police force who develops an ability for.clerical work i3 drafted ,'nto the district superinten dent’s office, and performs certain duties for which lie receives a certain salary. His work is forwarded to the head department i in Melbourne, and is there checked by ! another clerk, who, however, is drafted from the Civil Service, but whose duties ; are not oiie-half a3 onerous as those of the police clerk; yet the latter receives about ! half the salary that the civil servant dees. To-morrow afternoon, at the Eastern I Oval, the Imperial and Ballarat Football Clubs will try conclusions for the second time this season. It will no doubt, be re membered that /n the last,occasion these I teams met the Imperial were victorious. The' Ballarat to-inorrow; however, will strengthen their team, and with lino weather a great, game is assured, ruornan (will bo,central umpire.; ■!; ; Mayor Elliott has issued invitations to a recepton at the City Hall this afternoon from 3to 4 o clock in order'to allow those who aro interested in Miss Amy Castles to meet that lady. The reception will take place in the Assembly;Hall.and selections of-music will be rendered by an orchestra under Mr Walter Gude. A large number of visitors is expected.. ■ The “CoolgaTilio Pioneor” • says:—“An exceedingly fino collection of'miriernls from -tlie Ballarat School of Mines has been de livered at tho exhibition and wiir'fill tivo bays, r It consists of a large variety of rock ore, alluvial samples, and tlie inodels of famous nuggets.’’ . - * ; ; Cr A. J. Fiskeri, .bfthe.Buninyqngshire Council, forwarded a letter] to that body yesterday, stating that-owing to the ill health of Mrs Ij’iskeu lie was obliged to reside in for the next two mouths, and asking for leave of absence from tho,council meetings for that period. Tho request was unanimously granted. , Messrs Willie m son and Musgro re’s; D ra matio Corpany concluded a highly suc cessful season at Her Majesty’s Theatre last night, when there was another crowd ed house to-witness the. fourth perform ance of The King’s Musketeers. It is worthy of mention that the incidental music for the play was composed by the conductor of the orchestra, Mr Carl Reidle, under considerable dilfioulties. Ten days before the piece was produced, the music hail not arrived from England, and tho task bf writing the .score was en trusted to Mr Kcidle, who composed some of- the - prettiest interludes heard- in Bal larat for years. Tho Buninyongshire Council yesterday appointed the president of the shire (Cr Holden), and Crs Forbes, Davis, Sides, and Kenna as a -Revision" Court, to meet on Friday, tho 21st J uly,- to revise the muni cipal ratepayers’ rolls. An enjoyable evening.was spent at the Trades Hall last night, when at the invita tion of tlie members of tlie Ballarat Branch of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society,, a large,number of .mem bers of the Ballarat Catholic' Young Mens’ Society were present at a competition of games was carried out. The gathering proved a gratifying success . < Portraits of Miss Amy Castles may lie ob tained at Is each at Mr. T. Chuck's studio, Sturt street.' 1 Tho officers, tcacherß, and scholars of tho Lydiard street. IVealeyan. Sunday school are invited by advertiseriient elsewhere to attend the funeral thiß alternoon of their late' teacher. Miss Sparkman, which leaves her late residence, 75 Drummond street Boutli, I at 5 o'clock. -. ' i : ‘ : The Ballarat Trustees Executors .and Agency Company. Limited, by advertisement which appears elsewhere, invites persons having claims against the estate of tho late- Mr James O'Grady, of Allendale, miner, to send particulars to the. office of the company. Camp street. ; 