NATURALIST. AN ADVENrtJBB WITH ELEPHANTS Elephant catohintr has long been prao tfeed in tbe North* Eastern districts. The most MuoessfU man was Mr Sanderson, but a good deal of that was due to the system introduced by his predecessor, Mr Kuttaii, and to hiB having noted on the advioe of tbe late Oaptain Williamson, to i ?omtoenoe operations in the Girrow oountry, ; tbe old grounds having been over-hunted, and also to his own great energy, and nor interfering too muoh with his trained mahouts. I accompanied Mr Nuttall In one of his last hunts — hie health was then broken down from repeated altaokB of fever, whioh led, a yjat or so. afterwards, to his death. Buc be was most anxious to do cis duty, and, know ing tint I took great interest in everything com joted with:sport, be asked me to aooom pany him. I Wanted him then to try the foot of the Gatrow hills, but his arrange ment! had already been made, and we went into one of his old beats in tbe Ohittagong district. To oatoh elephants months of preparation are required. I could not get away as soon as I expected, and it was only a few days before the final drive took plaoe that I joined him. We were not very enocessful. In the first keddah only twenty-seven and in the second only nineteen elephants were caught, which scarcely paid for the expenses in* curred ; buc no blame oould be attached to the superintendent, for both he and his head sergeant h%d been, and were sdll, off and on til from malarialfever. The chief jemadar had died, the seoond had been killed, whilst the third, who would baveeuooeeded, had left the department and taken service with me some time before; bo as the hea*s of the depart ment wore not properly represented, the operations suffered. Elephant oatohing in keddahs has often been described, and, but for a curious oiroumstanoe whioh happened, I should not be now writing this artiole. Tta herd we bad surrounded was a very large one, and after t^p days' constant trouble and watching by day and night, the greater part of the animals had been driven into tl~3 re- entering angle of the keddah, when tuere was a great disturbance ahead. and the leading files halted and Bhowed signs of breaking back. We foand it was oaused by a tiger, who had got into the stockade and was endeavouring to get back into the jnugle. Mr Nutt≪ was aroused from hiB sick bed, nd, looking very feeblo, took oommand, and every available man and beast was pushed to the front to induce the recalcitrant beasts to continue th'i' flight within the eaclosure. They were driven forward once or twice, but rushed baok in a panio on hearing the gutteral roar of ibe tiger, who was just in side the paling in a olump ofJong grass. I went *ome distance ahead and climbed up a tree .bit overlooked tbe interior, with the view of laying Mr Stripes, but I oould not get a glimpse of him. But he must have left peat to try if he oould find another exi;-, and daring this interval the roaring ceased, ani1 we managed to get twenty-seven adult f.'epb&tftS;, five iufkers, two miohnas, fifteen well- grown females, and five three parts fecown youngsters, besides about four calves: well iusde. Tbe brute just then roared again, and the herd inside right about raced, and the people, fearing that it might escape, barred the entrance rather prema turely, for some dozen more elephants vara then close by, and might have entered. The men on the lookout endeavoured to with draw the bars, but just then a pucoesaion of roats oaused a fearful panio, and all those not already entrapped forced their way hack and escaped. Nuttall had to retire almost in an unconscious state, and, as I was a stranger, I had no oontrol over the keddah men, and neither my elephants nor jemadar were with me. Once a herd is entrapped, everything sbonld be kept as quiet as possible. Fires are lit outside, and men armed with spears and blazing torches stationed outside ; while the animals must not be irritated. Bat that confounded tiger would not be qaiet, neither could he ear -ip, so he kept them ou the qui vive the whole night. If the oaptives are left in peace for a few hours they settle down aud gfct reconciled to their fate. As soon as it was daybreak I asked Nuttall if I should eo inside c i a staunch elephant and en deavour to bhoot the feline, but he thought it was better not to do so; and now. that it was daylight, he thought the tiger would find a loophole and escape. I was just retiring to my'teht to bathe when there was a greater row than ever, and the jemadar begged me to oome with him, and he would show me a tree whence I conld pot the tiger — because, if he was allowed to disturb the herd much longer, he was sure they would rush at the barred entrance in a body and eccspe. I went at once and took up my position. I oould see a great commotion going on, but conld not seen any portion of the tiger. Theioariug of the beast and the trumpeting of the elephants were incessant the herd were gatberei in a oluster, with their tails almost toncl *ug the stookade, en deavouring to '.get away as far as pijssible from''; a olump of grass. I was thinking of aricg Hnto ttc grass, ' when I saw a large tusker rush'' forwat^d, and with a vigorous kick with his forefoot, he sent a brindled mass flying, and, following np -his opponent quiokly, he threw him well into the air. As ho fell the tusker got .him between his legs and commenced to play football, kicking the struggling brute forward with his bind logs and tuok with his fore, and'I knew all womd soon be over. The tiger's roars degenerated into half roars, half growl?, whioh wore all but overpowered by the soreams of the elephants, who in chorus created a din whioh oould bs heard many miles oS, and which were taken up and re-echoed by our tame elephants. This brought poor Nuttall off his eiak bed ; bnt the tragedy was all but fiuiahed. Th'i tiger, with a dying fffjrr, got hold of the elephant's foreleg just above the foot; tbe pachyderm gave one prolonged so 3am, then, shaking off the inoubns, spun clear, aud with lightning speed knelt on hie opponent, wbo soon gave up the ghost. Tbe enraged monster lifted him up and threw him toward 3 the herd, who rnshed forward, and in a few minntes kicked and trampled the tigei into the dirt, leaving no semblano. of his ever having been the king of beasts. Even after it was evident that there was no, life left in their foe, first one elephant and then another would run forward, and after administering a kiok, quickly retire, giving ntteiance to his valedictory address. W« doubled guards over the stookade for two days, and as tbe imprisoned hesacs had had no water and but such fodder as we threw into them, they were greatly subdued, and we had no diffioulty in tethering them one by one and leading them to a place where there was plenty of water and fodder. Aa we oould not remove the skin of the tiger for nearly three days, it eventually spout ; bnt when we got the body of the tiger ont, it waa wonderful to see whit little damage had been done to the akin, though of course the body was most offensive. After being washed and pegged out, no one would have guessed what a violent death the beast had met, but the hair peeled off, and as a trophy the skin was useless. Our second venture was even less bqcodss - ful, and quite uneventful. Poor Nuttall soon afterwards died, exhausted by thirty years' residence -n this malarial and pesti lential portion of our possessions — but after doing his duty like ? ? ? F. T. Pocu-k. 