VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. FAST DATS. Next Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, being Ember Days, Trill be flays of fast and abstinence. WIIXTSL NTIDE. The great feast of Pentecost will be celebrated on Sunday (to-morrow). Monday and Tuesday will be days of devotion. THK OATHKDHAL. On the Feaatof the Ascension of Our Lord there was fl large congregation at the Cathedral at Vespers, the Very Rev. the Administrator of. the Archdiocese presiding, assisted by the Rev. J. Murphy. A.fter Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament, the relics of .St. Flavia, Virgin and Martyr—after being incensed by Fr. Murphy—were exposed in the Chapel of the Sacred Heart, and tbe faithful crowded round to invoke the intercession, of this one of the glorious band of virginal martyrs of the Infant Church. The relics were borne in procession within the Cathedral on Sunday evening, after Vespers, by tbe Children of Mary, as usual. There was a large congregation. The Xovena to the Holy Ghost, in preparation for the Feast of Fentccost, was continued at tbe Cathedral every evening during the week, aud was well attended by the faithful. THI: ARCHISISHOP OF MEIUOUIIXK. The Very Rev. Dean .M Kemna. V.G., Adm., received a letter from the Archbishop of Melbourne last Monday. At the time of writing- his Grace was in the United States, where he purposed sojourning for about two months. Th<^ most rev. prelate, who was in the enjoyment of excellent health, mentioned that four priests were 'to be ordained on Pentecost Sunday (21st. May) for the archdiocese. This will make six additional priests for Melbourne. A new, handsome set of candelabra for the High Altar of St. Patrick's Cathedral had been -ordered by the Archbishop from Dublin. This addition to the already elegant furniture of the sanctuary of the Cathedral will be used at Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament, tbe Forty Hours' Prayer in honour of the Real Presence, Exposition of Relics, etc. Tin; COMING rvjviiRSAL .TUBILF.K. As Catholics may be a little curious to knoAV what the conditions are likely to be for gaining the indulgence of the Jubilee to be granted to the Universal Church by Leo XIII. on the eve of the expiring century, we give below the conditions, as explained by the Archbishop of Melbourne, in connection with the extraordinary Jubilee granted to the faithful by the Sovereign Pontiff in 1886 :—" 1. For persons living in Melbourne to visit twice, at intervals, St. Patrick's Cathedral, St. Francis', and St. Brigid's Church. For those residing outside Melbourne, to visit six times, at intervals, the principal or parish church of tbe mission, or the chapel of tlie district in which each person resides. 2. To recite in the church or chapel during the visit some pious vocal prayers to God., according to the intentions of the Pope. for the well-being and the exaltation of the Church, for the rooting out of all heresy, for the conversion of all who are In error, for concord among Christian princes, and for peace and unity among the faithful. !'.. To fast on two days. This fa«t may not be observed in Lent, on days on which the use' of ilesh meat is forbidden, nor on days already set afiilip by the Church as fast) (1.,'iyf--. 4. To give alius, according to each one's means, for some charitable purpose, especiallly for the maintenance of primary schools for children, and of seminaries for the clergy. 5. To make a good confession, and to receive worthily Holy Communion. Those persons who cannot comply with any of the above conditions can have then) changed into others by their confessors. The indulgence may be applied to the souls in purgatory." It is probable that the conditions for the coming Jubilee will be very similar. BODALITV B.V.M., ST. PAT HICK* H COtLROB. At the meeting of the above sodality ton Friday night, 12th in«t„ a lecture, entitled " Norfolk Island," was delivered) >by Mr. T. C. Brenuan, the prefect of the sodality (Mr. J. Calder) presiding. Mr. Brcmman detailed' the eventful (history of the island from its discovery by Cook in 1772. A week after Captmin Phillip cast anchor in Botany Bay in 1788 he despatched Lieutenant Philip Gidley -King to the island Trith a small 'band of soldiers and convicts. 5>he Island was utilised sis a, convict ^ettleRieijt until 1803, wfoeii, on the re- commendation of Governor Hunter, it was abandoned as being too far from the head-quarters. The settlers were, however, loth to leave, and it was onJy by liberal treatment on the part of Iho (Jijvernincm. who made iliem lain-' -ranis of land in Van Woman's Land, 'that they were induced to quit flusettlement. It wa.s in memory of (lie little island that they named rheir settlement in- Van Dieman's Land " Xew Norfolk." Norfolk Island was deserted until 1826. when it -was constituted a prison for felons doubly convicted in Sydney. From that time on. for thirty years, might be dated, the lecturer said, some of tlio blackest, deeds that had ever stained the records of criminal discipline. In the early fifties it was decided to abandon the settlement again, chiefly owing to the light thrown upon the awful condition of affairs there by Dr. Willson, the Bishop of Tasmania^ and I)r. Ullatliorne, afterwards Bishop of Birmingham. The lecturer then detailed the other side of the island's history, dating from its occupation by the descendants of the Bounty mutineers. He described the circumstance-: of the mutiny, the residence of the mutineers on Pitcairn. their deportation to Norfolk Island in 1856, and concluded by some reflections on the condition of the islanders, dra.wni from personal observation during a visit to the placer fii the latter part of last year. ' ., „ A vote of thanks, proposed by Di'. : Kenny. Iv.G.G., seconded by Sir. T. 'J'oohey. LL.M., and supported ifv.'^r. Ciinill, and Messrs. Hoare and Ltvif'd, was accorded tbe lecturer. ST. JOHN" THE UAPTIST'S. CUFTOX IILLL. We understand that tenders have been called for n new handsome marble altar for St. John the Baptist's Church, Clifton Hill, plans for which wore prepared by the well-known architects, Messrs. Heed, Smart, and Tappin. The work is expected to be finished in about four months' time. A. substantial iron-rail fence is also to he erected on the side of the church facing the tram line. ST. brigid'S, fitzimy. Last Sunday, at the 11 o'clock Mass. the Rev. M. J. O'Reilly. C.M.. opened a mission at St. Brigid's, North Fitzroy. The church, was crowded by both sexes, and the opening sermon, was listened to with tihe closest attention. It is understood that the exercises of'the mission will be continued in the clnirclv for three weeks. sr. mary'S, st. KILIU. The monthly meeting of the men's branch of the Confraternity of the 'Sacred Heart attached to St. Mary's. St. Kilda, was hold in that church on Friday night, 12tli inst. A discourse of.much inlerest at the present day, " Is One Religion as Good as Another ?" was delivered by the Rev. T. Quinn (spiritual director of the confraternity). The rev. gentleman dealt with his subject in a concise and lucid manner, which rendered it comparatively easy to grasp the points of his argument, wherein he demonstrated the unreasonableness and incongruity of the ofiheard assertion—" One religion is as good as a,mother."' Fr. Quinn illumiue;l his argument by closely-fitting illustrations. The statement wa.s contrary to right reason. The Catholic Church declared that Our Lord was truly present in the Blessed Eucharist : others said' that die was not. Botii statements could not bo true. Bjut Ged could not permit His Church to fall inlo the slightest error of doctrine". Those who said that all religions were equally good could not find a single warranty for the statement in Scripture. tradition, or the Fathers. As an instance of the necessity of receiving revealed religion. Fr. Quinn instanced the case of Cornelius, who, though a just mani was commanded by God to receive 'Christianity from St. Peter. The subject will be continued at the next, meeting. Last Sunday nlffli-1. the Rev. >i. .). O'Rcillv. C.M.. opened a week's retrefit. for ihe Children of Mary attached to St Mnrv's. The opening exercises were we'll attended. The retreat is intended solely for the members, awl for those who intend to become members of this •adHnirable association for young Catholic girls. SACKED HEAKT MISSION. KEW. The rector and the parishioners of the Sacred Heart mission, Kew, are to be congratulated on having secured <,uo of the very best building sites in Kew. A block of valuable^land has 1 n'oii purchased in the highest part of the suburb. The block has a ft'ouv tage to Glenferrie-ro/uli. Gotham-road, .•uid St. .Tohn's-paradc. The land has frontage of 34.S feet to Gotham-road, by a. depth of 190 feet along Glenferrieroad. the total cost being £2843. There is a. fine house on the land suitable for a presbytery, the structure having originally cost £1400. It is intended to erect a school on the western boundary, and afterwards a church will lie built. The school building will •be large enough for all parochial requirements. The old properties and •laud of the parish: will be disposed of, and tlnrproceeds devoted to the new buildings. \ ; f ,5t .way, mentioned that a few " j l ears\agp. Dean M'Kenna visited the Kew. mission, and, hearing that the above .property would be available for purchase after some time. strongly exhorted Fr. O'Donoboe to secure it .'at any price. Even the remarkable sites of the CatlMlic Churches in this diocese remind 'tis of the words of the prophet: —"That •Hie Church is like a city seated on a hill, to which the people are seen congregating, and which is so easily found out that even a ford cannot en- iui the way." FOOTSCHAY MISSION. The Redenvptorist Fathers brought a very fruitful week's mission to a close last Sunday ,nt SI. Monica's Church, Foo-tscray. At last Mass the church was crowded, and in the afternoon the women of the parish assembled for the final exercises, the church jiot being large enough to accommodate both sexes. The Rev. Fr. M'Donnell delivered the sermon, and imparted the blessing of our Holy Father the Pope. In the evening there was not standing room iu the church, which was filled by men. young and old. The Rev. Fr. Ma.ngan officiated, and, in the course of his sermon, the rev. gentleman said that the mission at Varraville and Footseray had been very successful. He was sorry that all the confessions could not be heard, but the indulgence of the mission would be extended for 12 days, so as to give all an opportunity of securing the plenary indulgence by going to Confession and Holy Communion. The blessing of the Pope, and that of the missionaries, was then solemnly imparted. The Children of Mary Association and the Catholic Young Men's Society have received a. fresh impetus as a result of the mission'. Needless to say, the pastor (Rev. J. Manly) and his assistant (Rev. P. Boyle) are much gratified with the excellent fruits of the mission. I'HKSKNTATIOX TO THK VERY BEV. M. CAREY, P.P. r.nst Monday evening a large and representative gathering of the friends of the Very Rev. M. Carey, the popular parish priest of Elsternwick, assembled in St. James' Schoolroom, Elsternwick. for the purpose of witnessing the presentation of a purse of 270 sove reigns to the very rev. gentleman, in celebration of his happy recovery from n very severe illness. Amongst those present were the Vers' Revs. Dean M'Kenna, V.G., Adm., M. Carey, P.P., Revs. .T. Murphy. J. P. Cowley, O.C.C., M. Quinn. T. Quinn, Mr. J. 0. Campbell. M.L.C., etc. Mr. John M'Gee, who occupied the chair, in making the presentation, referred to the many great works for tbe advancement of religion and education which Fr. Carey had carried out during the past 2ii years. He had built no fewer than six churches, all of which, with one exception, were free from debt. The Presentation Convent, Elsternwick, was a credit to the arclidioceso as a leading educational centre for young ladies. The testimonial had been cheerfully subscribed to not only by Catholics but by leading Protestants, which showed how highly respected Fr. Carey was by all classes of citizens. (Applause.) The Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna and Mr. Campbell, M.L.C., also spoke in praiseworthy terms of the labours of Fr. Carey. In reply, the very rev. gentleman expi'essed his deep sense of gratitude to all who had taken part in the handsome presentation. He -would not forget the kindness and goodwill which had prompted the gentleman who organised and brought the movement to so highly successful an issue. He was thankful not only to his own people but to many non-Catholic friends who had interested themselves in the testimonial. (Applause.) We understand that_Fi\\__Carey will shortly leave on an extended visit to Queensland for the benefit of his health. It should be mentioned that Dr. Magee. who in conjunction with Drs. Stawell and M'Inerney. attended Fr. Carev during his severe illness, was complimented at the gathering for bringing his patient through what was at one time thought would prove a fatal illness. NEW CHURCH AT OUTTRIM. The Rev. M. P. Carroll is doing good work in the Damdenong mission. The rev. gentleman recently opened a new church, at Outtrim, presence of a large congregation. A choir from Korumburra, augmented by several members of the Church of England, rendered the inimical portion of the function in a very satisfactory manner. Tlie occasional sermon was delivered bv the Very Rev. M. J. Malier. C.M. (Malvern). ' Referring <to the ceremony of the dav, Fr. Malier sa.id'-The littl" church was erected for the honour anfl Klorv of God. and in time, if it found not large enough, it would be made larger, and who could tell but in a hundred years f rom the present time their district might have so advanced that where they were then standing might, be erected a sp-lendid Cat.hed.ral. It. was the duty of the people to attend and join in offering up their prayers to God to bless the district, and all in it He specially thanked the members of the choir for the excellent music provided, and these thanks were redoubled as he .learned that many of the singers were members of the choir of another Church, who gave up their other engagements to make this occasion as fitting a one as possible. It was pleasant to. see so friendly a feeling existing between the members of the different denominations i.m the dis-. trlct. The church andi congregation were photographed outside the building by Mr. Reichardt, of Outtrim. Mr. Hoary, of the Outtrim Hotel, entertained tii e clergy, members of the choir, and several leading residents at dinner. A word of praise is due to the ladies of the district, the committee, Messrs. Hoflry. 'Fryer, Gleeson, P. Gannon, and others of Outtrim, who were indefatigable in their exertions on behalf of the church, The collection amounted to over £32, and, when a few promised subscriptions (have been received, the debt wtll be barely £26. The total cost of construction, including purchase of laud, was £150. GEEL0NG. (From our own Correspondent.) The attendance at the weekly meetings of the men's sodality of the Confraternity of the Holy Family has so increased that it has been found necessary to reserve the whole of the sitting 1 accommodation at St. Mary's exclusively for members. At the weekly meeting of St. Mary's C.Y.M. Society on Monday last, presided over by Mr. Caffrey, It was announced that the newly-formed Shakesperinn class would meet every Friday evening. The treasurer (Mr. T. Fitzpatrick) was heartily received by the members, and congratulated upon his recovery from his recent severe illness. The syllabus item, " Spelling Bee," was keenly contested, arid in the final round, between Messrs. M. Brungev and C. Walsh, the latter was declared the winner of the prize donated by the president. 