the salvation army OPENING NEW BARRACKS AT LEICHHARDT. 1 LAYING MEMORIAL BLOCKS. Tlio Salvation Army has been placed In a uniquo position at Leichhardt. For many years Its indoor work has been carried on in barracks totally inadequate to tho needs of tho district, and equally unsuitable. Thanks, however, to the practical interest shown by Mr. F. K. Oliver, the local corps has been placed In possession ot a brand new building and officers' quarters, which, for completeness ot accommodation and excellence in design outclass any other of tho Army's barracks in tho colony. Usually tho Army does not waste money on tho adornment of Its buildings. Anything with four walls, a roof, good foundations, and a supply ot "peni tent" forms seems to answer tho purpose. Mr. Oliver's kindness has, h.owover, gone further in the ease of tho Leichhardt barracks, and a strikingly neat and pretty building with com- fortablo appointments is the result These new barracks were officially opened on Saturday afternoon, when a characteristic de monstration was held. Almost all tho city and suburban corps wero represented, in addition to tho bands from Newtown, Balmain, St. Peters, Petersham, Auburn, and the local corps. These bands wero massed outside the new barracks, and rendered selections of music as a. preliminary to the opening ceremonies. Altogether thero were about 1000 peqple present Lleut.-Col. Hoskin, the colony leader, was in command, sup ported by Major Taylor (colony secretary), Major Graham, Major Birkenshaw, Staff-Capt. Stagg, Ensign Whitchurch (officer in charge at Leich hardt), Adjutant Foster, Ensign Hayward (old officers of tho corps), Adjutant John Gore, and Mr. W. H. Daniel! (local treasurer). Colonel Hoskin, in a happy speech, explained that the three-fold object of the demonstration was the laying of two memorial blocks by two friends of the Army who loved all that was good, tho hoisting of tho good old Salvation Army colors to tho, masthead, and tho public opening of the barracks. To Salvationists it was a day of thanksgiving. They rejoiced at what God had done through tho Army, and at the progress which the Army had experienced. Since General Booth had made his small com mencement Gad had raised up a great army of men and women to rescue people from sin, and their flag was flying all round the world. (Ap plause.) Every individual did not see eye to eye with them. It was not to ho expected that thoy would; but God had at least given them the re spect and lovo of, all right-thinking, persons in these colonies. (Applause.) God had_sent the Army to lift up. the fallen, and many had been lifted up to become bright soldiers of Jesus Christ. In that district the Army had a faithful band ot workers, who through many disappointments and difficulties had fought faithfully, and they were, there to rejoice with them In the opening of that beautiful building. (Applause.) They had with tliom there, loo, many friends who had shown their sympathy In tho past, and who were still standing by them. (Applause.) , , ,,, The Colonel then presented Lady Renwiok with a silver-mounted ebony mallet, and asked her to lay tho first of the memorial marble blocks. A similar presentation was made to Mr. F. 1C. Oliver, who laid tho second block. Mr. Oliver was introduced by Colonel 1-Ioskln as a friend of tho Army from its curliest inception. In the otil building ho had stood by them. Npw they had a building erectod by him for tho glory of God and the use of tho Army. This function was dis charged by Lady Renwiok and Mr. Oliver to tho accompaniment ot much volley-firing and tho sounding ot drums. Lady Ronwiclc, in a brief address, wished God speed to the work of tho Army in the district, and reminded the soldiers Unit the "weapons of their warfare were not carnal. They had a subtle fob to meet, but tliey would come off vic torious. In tho war proceeding in Africa tho Boor General hoped that ho might win. Their great enemy knew that ho must lose. (Applause.) Mr. Oliver expressed pleasuro at seeing so many present at the ceremony. Ho was sure that, liko himself, they wero all satlsflod with tho ar chitecture of tho building. (Applause.) It had been an attraction to all who had seen it. On the previous Tuesday tho Governor was driving by and ho stopped his carriago to look at tho barracks. Mr. Oliver was only sorry that he was not himself present at the time, or be would havo invited his Excellency to Inspect tho building inside. Somo might say the building was too good for the Salvation Army. It was not too good for God. (Applause.) They recgnised, however, that except tho Lord built, tholr labor was in vnin. Most ot tho workers on the building had been Christian mou, and ho wax Bure God's namo would bo glorified in tho build ing. (Applause.) , , Tha ceremony of hoisting tlio Army colore tc tho masthead was performed by Colonel 1-Ioskln. Every Salvationist, he said, bolioved in the Army's colors and rejoiced In the banner under which ho fought Tlio red reminded tlicm of Lo precious blood of Jesus; the blue border ' was tlio omblom of purity, while the fiery star in tho centro witnessed to tho promise of tlio Holy Ghost. Ho hoisted tho colors in tho name of Jesus Christ, as also the name of the r beloved General and. their honored leaders m these colo nic Commandant and Mrs. Booth. (Loud cheer ing, 'and the playing of tho National Anthem by UlMr'awS H. Daniells, contractor for tho work, next 'presented Colonel IToskin with tho key of the building. Ho could say that his ono motive in erecting the building had been the glory ot , God All labor had been dono without either sweating or swearing. (Cheers.) Tho Colonel then formally opened tho barracks, and a brief dedication, or ns Mnjor Taylor described it, "house-warming" service, followed, tho building being crowded out. Yesterday special opening services wore conducted by Colonel Hoskin and staff. The front of tlio building is of dark-red brick, tuck-pointed, with cement facings, witii tower nnd battlements. The cost of tho land and building has been about £1S00. 