CORRESPONDENCE. THE ANGLICAN CHUBQH-IT3 EARLY . HISTORY. (To (tie Editor qf the Orange Leader). Sib,—Tho Hector of the Holy Trinity Church has begun a commendable work in his search into the early history of the Churoh of England. Bistory, studied in an impartial manner, must 6peak tho trutb. Tho only thing that I would ask him, in deference and courtesy to the Boman Catholic Church, is that whenever he makes a statement of history that would seem antagonistic to that church, be would give his references. Thu«. in his second address, lie states: "'Che bishops, ia reply to this demand, sta'ed that they knew not any obedience to one Augustine called the Pope, etc " But bis only apology for tbis statement without reference is: "All this is such familiar history that I will not trouble you with authorities.' This is unfair to the church attacked. His two first discourses are almost ontirely taken up with proving that there existed in England a Christian church prior to the landing of St. Auguetino. This is very good in its way, but uncalled-for, seeing that 'he Catholics never for an instant denied it. The on'y part -of Lis discourse, auent this subject, that calls for proof is his endeavour to show that the early British Church was not in communion with Borne. Whereas, Cardinal Moran has laboriously and exhaustively proved that tbe ea>ly British Church was in full communion with Borne. I refer your readers to the let'ors whi.-h the Cardinal wrote to Dr. Camidge, and which may be had now in pamphlet form. Allow me to give but one short extract: —" Before the close of the second century a Britiih prince named Llenwg (Lucius) forwarded a petithn to Pope Ele itherius, praying that missionaries would be esnt from Borne to preach the gospel to hi* subjects. The Pope complied with bis request. The fact is attested by Venerable bode, whose words should auffioe to set all controversy at rest regarding the orthodoxy of the early British Church. He says : ' Whilst JSIsutherius, a hnly man, presided over the Boman Church. Lucius, a king of Britain, sent a letter to him entreating that by hi* command he might become a Christian. He soon attained the effect of his pious request, and the Britons preserved the faith wbioh they bad received, oncorrupted and entire, in peace and tranquility until the time of the Emperor Diocletian.' The same fact is recordsd in the Ancient Acts of the Boman pontiffs, ae well as by the tradition of the British Church iu Neunius, the Triads, etc. The book of Llandaff writes that, ' the Pope reoeived a letter from Lucius, a king of Britain, that hs might become a Christian through his oommand '" The earnest inquirer will sometimes ask himself: Has the Church of Christ survived at all; does it exist at all on eaith, or has it become a dismal shipwreck upon the shoals ef heresy and eiror P And he will call to mind the last scene of Christ's career upon earth, when, before His Ascension to Heaven, he said: ** All power is given to Me- in Heaven and in Earth; go therefore, teach ye all nations, teaching them to observe all thin us whatsoever I have commanded you ; and, behold, I am tniih you all days, even to the eoiuummation of the world " (Mat. xxviii-20 If Christ is with His Church, how shall it ever go astray or teach false dontrinn. for He is " the way and the truth and the Iifi" (John xiv-6.) " His power iB an everlasting power that shall not be taken aw-y: and His Kingdom, that shall not be destroyed." (Daniel vii). Christ knew, being God, that He was sending His apostles to lifelong persecution and a bitter death and yet would He sacrifice their lives as well as His own to establish His church. Surely, the earnest inquirer will say, this church which c >st so much to establish upon earth has not been lost in a labyrinth of fable at d error f Now, I will put side by si te the Anglioan theory, as the Rector-of Trinity Church unfolds it, and the Catholic theory; aud I will divide the bhurch'a history into thres periods, leaving it to your readeis to say which would appear to be the true Church of Christ :— Ahglioan Theoey. Catholic Theout. First Period—Early British Church, quite independentof Borne, Second Period. — Coming of Augustine— The -two churches amalgamate and become the one Church of England. This churoh becomes corrupt, " tossed on the waves of persecution and trial, she has already Frst Pe< iod—Early British Church, in full communion with Borne. Pecond Period — Coming of Augustine—The two churches naturally amalgamate since " the difference bet ween the British Church and the Boman of that day was chiefly in manners and customs, not. in dootrinee." The united gone down; when the waves of heresies, churohes ; still in full and strange doctrines communion with have invaded her Borne, form it branch ark." of the Oatholio Churoh. Third Period.— Third Period This church, corrupt Th ; s branch almost and heretical, shakes entirely . disappears itself .free from false from England for a doctrine, and, by time, owing to the some wonderful violence of the soagency, returns - to called Beformers, its primitive puri'y. (The quotations are from the Bev. Sector's addresses) In the fin? theory the.Church cf Christ did become a dismal thipwreck. "tossod on the waves of psrsecution and trial, she has already gone down; when the waves of heresies aad strange doctrines have invaded her ark." Now, taking human nature as it is, it would taks almost another visit of Christ upon earth to cleanse Bis Church had it ever fallen away from the truth. At least, it would have taken an apostle. Henry VIII and Elizabe'h, great rulera as they may have been, oonld hardly have been expected to accomplish such a gigantic task. But *he true Churoh of Christ oould not have fallen away in this fashion, for, in the woids of St. Paul, it is " the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.* (I Tim. iii 16) Error could never haye crept into the'churoh—"the gates of hell ehsll not prevail against it." (Mat. xvi-18.) . And the apostles and their suooessors could not have fallen into heresy, for not only did Christ : promise to be with them all dsye, but e He promised to aend upon the " Holy Ghost, the spirit of truth, to teach them all things, y and to abide with them." (John xiv,)— ? ? 