WHISPERS AT THE WINGS. Xalla Miranda is booming in Hol- |And. Dorothy Vane's pretty, fluffy hair is pot a wig. as some people imagine. Not generally known that Tom Iitz- gerald has a splendid baritone voire, which he will uplift in conjunction With Kenningbam at tbe forthcoming jObarlty Matinee. They will duet in "The Moon Hath Raised." from the ppera of "The Lily of Killnrney." Pat Bathnrst is coming on with the gpeed of a special. His grip of Marco in " The Gondoliers" was ex cellent work. He is Paull's under study In "The Geisha." Charlie Kenningbam would be find ing his occunAtion gone during his long rest if a considerate Providence bad not sent Fitzgerald's Show along to lighten his loneliness. Dan and Tom now claim him as a Fitzgerald Brother SCennlngham has been a soldier during flifs career. He served gallantly in Africa. "Sons of 1lie Sea" Maurice Is pre paring to launch out yet again as a theatrical manager, this time in the jcWy with the barbohr. A certain baritone, now in Mel bourne. never forget he was a mem ber of tbe Albnai Oo. In Bland Holt's forthcoming produc tion of "White Heather' comes Miss Fitzm&nriee; Gill's chance of distin guishing herself. She Js to -dazzle us by appearing as Lady Oodira in fleshings, and something extra special An tbe shape of wigs, to appropriately filmnlate the Coventry lady's famous grasses. Miss Pattie Browhe appeared An the same character at home, and her wig, a magnificent Litian red af fair, cost eighty guineas. Miss Boss will also eschew skirts In " White Heather " for tights and filmy grey draperies, as " Night " or "Even ing," or something of the kind in the fancy ball scene. jPratty Hfes Wnsfe Austin, who plays tbe little drummer in "SaAsj jGene," turn been TOth the Brouglu j gfarflSnce she left tbe amateur for tbe | wgs,miibrigliaok 'Ckkriey6 iuntF fie TO9 We htfntag light to ah amateur <3pb Riockwall t>efore he went on phMteerioosMy, and. recommends that wgy of gainljigexperience. He was a shipping clerkbefore fee turned pro. , Hosea Baston had. a very success- ful benefit toe other day. in Sydney. .jUnongst toe Items was toe one-act play, " A Studio ISpfeoda" written, by Arnold Denhaxn, of Melbourne, which was tbe success of toe eriidDg. Patrice, who played toe boy In "A Trip to China' Town." so culturally, . was a The.Orpbenm, San Francisco, when last heard 'frbnL.Bbe was being starred in a playlet, " A New Tear's Dream," eaifl A elorig abOtmoufl bill as qri evidence of -good yaltii,-' < The" Atneraa term4 for 'toe sliig. and rhytom which should ehflrAbterifee a good coon song js <tagjtine.,, Howard Verpon'o -make-up as tbe Marquis Imarl -Is. particularly good. Having taken Ms own company to Japan, where he spent nine months, be ought to know something about the Jsppy Jap Joppy's funny little ways. "Miss Ada OoUey, the charming Aus tralian soprano," says an English paper, " has an engagement to sing at la Hague, Holland. Sydney Bracy, the talented young actor, is coming out as a composer. One of his song6, "A Geisha's Answer," will be sung by Miss Flor ence Perry at the Charity Matinee. Philip Bracy, unlike his brother and the rest of the family, has no leanings towards toe stage, but has adopted the practical profession of wooL One of the ladies in the Brongh Com pany tells the following story about her first appearance Being very anxious to go on tbe stage, sbe B caret -all the parts in a piece that was to be pro duced in London. Then, sbe saw the manager, and requested to be sent for if any of toe company became ill. The' piece had a long run. and she bad al most forgotten about it, when a year , after she received a summons from the manager to play one of toe parts, as tbe original was til. Sbe was only six teen at the time, aud her stage career dates from then. The Porrys are very domesticated little ladies. All their spai'e time is devoted to fancy work. Florence Is the younger of the two, and has been on the stage some eight or nine years. When Miss Lily Tltberadge. in her character of the Middy, last Saturday delivered herself of tbe opinion that " these French girls are damned cheeky," a huge basket of flowers was banded np to ber. and sbe bad to sum mon assistance to carry St off tbe stage. Geo. Lauri's son, aged twelve, is de sirous of following in his father's foot steps. He is known to Iris many friends as " Little George." Harry Hill and bis wife (Miss Millie Aseoli) are spending their honeymoon up at the Blue Mountains. Miss Edith Sutton, who first went on with her friend. Mrs. Maesmore Mor ris. 1n "The Prisoner of Zenda," has given the stage "best," and gone to South Africa to keep house for lier brother. Miss Alyco Lei tcli. wbosc voice is de scribed as a rich contralto, is think ing of trying her luck in England. Aus tralian contraltos will be at a discount soon. Williamson's " Sign of too Cross " Co. is doing well in Hobart. E mi lie Hughes plays Mercia. Harry Plimmer aud Carvill arc in the cast. Miss Ally Senior was last beard of in India, where she appears to have " struck them fair aud square." Miss Brcndn Gibson is taking small walking lady's parts with Irving at tbe Lyceum. Miss Alma Stanley as considering an advantageous offer to lour America. The part she most dislikes playing Is Virginia, in Virginius. She says it makes her feel melancholy mad. Sbe began her professional carer as eques trienne in a circus, and in "Tbe Derby Winner." at Drury-lane, she used to make a' dashing entrance over a five- barred gate oo her own hunter. " Tbe Devil." in the part of Vivian Darville, played here by Miss Watson. Miss Linda Raymond <Mrs. Oily Deeriug) is in the West. Miss Alma Obrey. formerly with Cogill. is a great success in the variety halls in England, being starred as the Australian serio. Frank Lawton. riie "Chinatown" wliistler. Miss Amelia Stone, tbe singer, and Harry Conor are all well spoken of by tbe London papers. Conor and Miss Stone repeated tbe duet they used to do in "Chinatown," consisting of ringing on Miss Stone's part, and ex cruciatingly funny facial expressions on Conor's. Mrs. Tom Fitzgerald's (La Belle Rose) pretty dresses that she gyrates on tbe rolling globe in are band- painted by herself. Miss Dorothy Vane is tbe prond pos sessor of a Persian cat, which delights to make n meal off peas and pumpkin, and is quite a vegetarian. Its name la Vanity. Speaking of Hudson's Variety Show at Calcutta, tbe " Indian Sportsman " of 10th Decertiber says : — " MUsRSditoMoore was in splendid form. Her rendering of the very difficult song, At My Window, was capital, and well deserved the applause elicited. It is not often so finished a vocalist as this lady is found in a variety company." Miss Lalla Gollmick. daughter of Herr Gollmick, Albert Park, is the accom panist for Hudson's Surprise Party, and the "Indian Sportsman" refers to her first appearance in Calcutta in terms of special praise. Altro, the conjuror, aud Ivy Scott are also spoken of eulogistical, y. The latter created a furore by singing " My Flag," programmed Australia's national song. The Taylor-Carrington Company did big business for four nights at Bombay towards the close of last year. They opened in Calcutta two weeks ago. The Flying Jordans, with Edwin Geacb in charge, opened in Calcutta on Xinas Eve under canvas. Big buBineBB for a week. In an art supplement issued with a re cent number of the New York " Sunday Telegraph " a fine cabinet photo, of Miss Mabel Lane appears, with five others, under the heading, " Pictures of six famous beauties who are entrancing all England." The young lady will be well remembered as one of our Melbourne girls who has attained a loading position on the British stage. There are but two theatrical lady ticket sellers in New York, viz., at Sam T. Jack's palatial edifice in Broadway. They are both exceedingly good-looking, pleasant smiles at the box office window. They alternate in tbe discharge of their duties — one at the matinee and one in the evening — so if you want to take In both performances, you're bound to get both smiles. Our West Australian correspondent writes that Martyu Hagan has left the Royal — that, to use the manager's own words, " the ghost went up tbe spout, and they couldn't get him down, nohow." The company opened at Fremantie, but luck was still out. The Oremorne is the only place open, and audiences are, con sequently, large. A capital programme is presented by May Frederickson, Dora Tavlor, Denis Carney. Ada Baker, Bob Bell, Ettie Williams, John Tudor, Violet Leroy. Joe Cowan. C. E. Jones, the Lingard Sisters, Will Williams, and Elngsley and Kerr. " Professor " T. Kennedy. News has recently been received m Melbourne concerning the sudden death, at Chicago, of Bright s disease, of V Pro fessor " 1\ Kennedy, the well-known public mesmeriser and entertainer. When he opened first at the Opera House, many years ago, a large -number ot the medical profession of Melbourne gave their verdict in support of the genuineness of the mesmeric manifestations. Subse quent statements by toe "Professor's" " subjects " served to seriously discount tide opinion. What M power," if any, he possessed was known only to the ,l Profes sor." More than once I had triedtoinduce Kennedy to disclose what he really did know, but unavaiUngly. No matter how often we bad "smiled," or how late the hour, the " Professor " never became communicative on that point. On the contrary, the more " mellow" he became, the more extraordinary grew the stories about people be bad brought under "control." Mesmerist or no mesmerist, "Professor" Kennedy was universally admitted to be one of the best "show men "ever seen in Australia. Even admit ting " fake " as the sole basis of his enter tainment, the way in which ho held crowded audiences for over two hours was little short of marvellous. Equally surprising was it that the revelations of the " subjects " only took place after the " Professor's "departure for America. The question will naturally present itself — How was it that, if the whole business was a "fake," no one concerned "gave it away" during all the years it was showing in Australia ? Yes ; I know one or two attempts were made, but they were very feeble. At the London Aquarium, too, tlie Kennedy Mesmeric Entertainment was for a long time very successful. In America it was the same thing. About Kennedy and his " busi ness " there was just that amount of wonder, conjecture, and puzzlement that aided greatly in mnlring the "show" a success. There were few things in the art of 14 working up " an entertainment that Professor "Tom" Kennedy did not know. For toe rest, lie was kindly and hospitable, full of anecdotes gathered on his travels all round the world, and especially fond of relating those anecdotes in most of which he had personally played a prominent part. With all his faults, there were xn&uy; worse fellows in the world than 41 Professor T. A. Kennedy, Mesmerist and King Laughmakcr." 