A SENILE TRAGEDY. It was very hot. The evening had trought relief only to the pebbles at the | harbor side, which hissed as the tide came smoothly up to cover them, and to the J little 'green crabs, who had lain torpid . under the sand, and who now staggered up in rapture to greet the cool ripple overhead. But no breeze came in with the tide, and the quay and the till, white houses, still r&l; in the sunset, were baking in the afterglow'and throwing oil stifling .waves of the heat gathered in the long hours of blazing sunshine. Passing the end of the quay went the cheerful rataplan of the band bringing back the one hundred and second rogi .ment of the line. Women in blue skirts and white caps sat on the doorsteps knit " ting long, black stockings. The museum gate had closed against the panting 1 American family, and outside its bars the eldest daughter-graduate of Vassar stood ticking off in her guide book the objects of interest that duv visited. LLer father, stupefied with sunshine and sight seeing, a Pork King in exile, was spitting sadly on the hot flagstones. The cafes and estamincts were glowing with gas. The brightest, hottest glure Streamed across the road from the Palais de l'Orient, a large room, opeu at one end to the street and lit by two flaring gas»chandeliers. There was a piano in a corner at the far end jangling an accom paniment to the care-worn artist in a black dress-coat, who supported his hat at the end of his cane, which he carried on his shoulder at the slope. Tho song Was of a certain Leocadie, and directed attention to the vivacity rather than to the domestic qualities of that young person. The blue and black cotton blouses seated around the room, and the sous'ojjicicrs standing by the door, joined in the final chorus as if it wore a ritual response. " Tho tweed-clad Englishmni, seated alone, and listening patiently at a marble-topped table in tbe middle, had recognised a phrase in the preceding verse, and applauded his linguistic suc cess by stamping with his feet ; but at the chorus, which sonnded in his ears as " Et si zing enfin balaboune ta-ra," he sank back in his chair with an air of dis appointment and defeat. The singer resumed liis chair on the dais, elating bis hat and stick carefully beside him, and the young lady in tbe Swiss dress, who sat near him, rose and tripped forward to the front of the plat form. She smiled to the Englishman, even when her eyes showed her anger at the scanty audience, who, pigs that they were, had no appreciation of art in their provincial souls. She stood forward in the glare of the gas, singing of the moun tains, and the cows, and the chuhts. .where Love lives. Two men, alone at a corner table, .watched the Englishman absorbedly as he received the change for a napoleon. They were sitting in shade, and oue of them, lean and shrunken, had planted his threadbare elbows beside his glass of Hollands, with his fingers among his scattered gray hairs. " There was a time," he said, sud denly, without looking round, "when I used to change a. gold piece from my pocket when I paid for my drink." His companion, an old man, too, sur veyed the tourist enviously from the soft gray cap to. the stout, English-made walking-boots. " Ah, monsieur," hesaid, "that young man's stuuid, fresh face reminds uie that I, too, if you will credit me, was onee an Englishman." The other turned his sunken eyes from the contemplation of the stranger to regard the man beside him with a polite elevation of the eyebrows. " Vruimem, monsieur ? " he said. " But, yes-1 who speak to you-I was English, I tell you. English proprietor, with fifty thousand francs of rentes, and now "-he milled a black card ease from his pocket and selected a very shiny card engraved with many flourishes-" ' Lc fevre-representant ot the house Veuve Phut et fih, fabricators at Grasse, of the renowned Orange Flower Soap '-a poor commercial traveller, you see, who has almost forgotten his own tongue." " Jlousieur has my sympathies the most profound," returned the shabby figure beside him. " I could speak I lie English language to him myself, but as a professor of that tongue, I hope for pardon if I do not speak it. Tho associa tions are not gay," and the speaker turned again to his glass. The yellow-haired woman in the dingy skirt and Swiss bodice was singing another lay which had little 'in it of mountain simplicity; she winked brazenly and mechanically. " I have nothing that I shouid keep from any man now," went on the com mercial traveller, " even in the cursed town, the gate of my long exile. You know the town well, eh, monsieur " The other nodded. " You know the sand beach to tho west where the mussel beds begin. Thirty year? ago I came there one earl}' morning in the rain, hurrying there from England England that I've never seen since. The packet that brought us seemed to crawl across the water. I came there to shoot an old friend for the supplanting dog that he was. All for a woman's sake, who loved me long before /ie cavue to fawn on her with his poetry and his havarilage about pictures. Yes, thirty years ago wo lay there together, and his witnesses carried him away, and miue left me there, the hounds, for the police to bring in to the hospital over there." " And monsieur was restored there to his health ? " inquired tho professor of English. " I lay there till one fine morning, 'when his bullet sloughed out of my shoulder," said the commercial traveller in soap, shrugging his left shoulder violently, "and then I made over the border. Could I face bis mother, who petted us as boys together, or her, who loved him ? A.nd so we've both been dead this many a year." There was a chinking of coins, and the Swiss girl stood before thein, still soiil ' ing as she extended a little metal tray -which might have held some two francs in copper. The speaker twirled his moustache and dropped in half a franc, with the ghost of a faded swagger. The professor dropped in the penny he had been fidgetting in his hand, and de tained the tray while he went through his pocket for three sous more. The Swiss lady seated herself by the English tourist. He put two francs in the dish, and gallantly summoned the waiter to minister to her wants. As an inter national courtesy she drank English " portaires,'" a dark mixture served in a tumbler at the cost of a.franc. The professor drained his glass and lit tiro cigar-end which he had allowed to die out. This place is very warm," he said; " the gas is indeed stifling. If I could induce monsieur, whose conversation fills mo with interest, to allow mo to offer him such hospitality us my mi;;in lodging will afford ? " " Monsieur is loo amiable." The com mercial traveller threw away his cigarette end and followed the professor, who shuffled out into the street. It began to rain ; tbe leaden gutters began to drip,, and the great drops from the sky rebounded from (he ledges into the.iibysmal depths of the old Flemish street below. Tho commercial traveller buttoned over his chest tho feeble de fence of the threadbare frock-coat and strode after his retreating guide. A corner, turning into a still narrower by-way, hid the professor from sight, and his guest found him cowering under the drip-stone. of tho doorway of a majestic old house in its decay. The professor pulled again and again at the creaking bell»wire. A lesser door opened in tho side of the. greater one, and, with a grave bow to his guest, the professor led the way up tho great staircase, instinc» tively avoiding a broken step. At tho foot of the great carved rail of the balus trade squatted a little wooden lion. 51. Lefevre laid a kindly hand upon the head . as be mounted the stairs, patting it as if | it were a stray dog. "Poor beast," he murmured, lost in a strange'century." They wore mounting by a dark and narrow back staircase, past,floor after floor of closed doorways. " Many of these rooms have no lodgers," said the professor, " because the dry rothasbeen there so long, and one would not desire to disappear suddenly through the floor of. one's room like Arkquin through the trap-door." The professor chuckled grimly as h<s inserted a large key and pushed open the door of a room. Thev were in the tallest gable of the house, and after Btumbling up the dark stairs the room beemed very light. The guest sat down in the one chairby the window, and the host pulled aside the j white curtain of the alcove and seated him self on the edge of the bed; the walls were bare, but for the place where the professor had nailed up a pencilled scheme of the hours of his classes and pupils. The floor was bare of carpet, in once corner was a pile of newspapers;-the '' Independance Beige," the " Petit Journal "-and in this strange., company a heap of the English " Times," its stout, respectuble paper and clear type protestiug against the association. Besides those was a tattered assemblage of novels, many of tbem having been re-bound by the simple expedient of b piece of string tied round their bodies. A squad of empty jars ranged themselves in double file in the shadow of the opposite corner; a blackened ink-bottle lurked by the fire place in ambush behind a number of old boots, now in the last stages of shabbi uess. An old walnut table with a tea cup and a tobacco-jar, completed the furniture of the chamber. Absolutely nothing more, save what might lie in the recesses of a large cupboard. And a man had lived here thirty years. " One obtains quiet here," said the professor, "asilence which encourages meditation. No one else 011 this floor, which you will have noticed to'your cost, is the seventh. No one but the wind." The view from the window is indeed charming," said the guest, politely, turning in his chair. " If monsieur will stand at this side," said the professor, coming forward to the light, " ho will see the patch of sands uncovered beyond the harbor." M. Lefevre stood up and gazed at the distant sea, and the black speck,< vrith a long trail of smoke, which was a steamer that would lie to-morrow morning in the London docks. When he saw that he sighed a little. Old M. Duraud was hobbling back from the cupboard, with a yellow and well- thumbed-number of the " Times." " There is something here," he said, indicating, with a trembling forefinger, a paragraph surrounded by ink-lines, j The other took it; his curiosity was excited by the evident agitation of M. Duraud. " Why, this is a ' Times ' of seventy," he said, " with the news of Sedan ! " and his eye fell on the marked paragraph. It related the details of a society wedding - the wedding of a certain ''Sir Edmund Frockmorton with Christine Mountjoy. He threw the paper suddenly to the floor and turned to the professor, with white lips : " That was the woman I but who are -you to give me again this cursed newspaper, that I read and wept I over twenty years ago r " | . He was speaking English now, and I when the professor spoke, he, too, used that tongue, speaking slowly, with a foreign accent. I " I thought it might be news to you," J be said ; " it is not every one abroad "who has his English papers regularly. And you don't know mo?" And he struck a match suddenly, and lighted two candles he had placed on the table. I The other looked long at him, and said : " I do not know you, but' before I go I shall know who has used a mask of hos pitality that he might insult a wretched old man with that newspaper." "Wo parted on the sands out there," said the professor, " thirty years ago, and my features have changed since then ; my hair"-and lie ran his hand over the thin, gray crop at the back of his head-"my hair is not chestnut colored now, nor do I wear it long." He glanced at his frayed trousers and creasy coat sleeves. " And his. taste in apparel has altered since Mr Richard Wavenev left Bulliol." j "I shot Richard Waveney ; I killed him years ago," said the commercial traveller in a hollow voice. j "I will not attempt to contradict you," j tlifi other went on , "I myself recall that you shot him in the shoulder, but, though Waveney died, they extracted the bulfet from M. Durand and patched him up, the wretches, to face thirty yeais' misery, tempered by drink, with the idea that he gave more than he got. And so the lady consoled herself, eh ? And the consola tion was worth waiting ten years for. A I baronet with the freehold of a manufac turing firm is a better pari! than a squire "with an old house, or a poet with a new book-eh, Bisset 'i " " Tou are Waveney," said Bisset, sadly ; you have an echo of his voice, if you've lost his face and walk." .Richard Waveney roused himself from his own thoughts to gird at him again. "There seems to be a parliamentary elec tion going on in England," ho said. " I suppose you would have stood for the j county, like your father before you p By I this time the Blues would have been cheering for you in Asgarby market I plane, and she would be dressed in your colors, to sit beside yon while they dragged your carriage up to the hall; j unless one of your sons " Waveney paused; he had snoken slov/ly and deliberately, and suemeil to lick his lips as lie spoke. The other man turned upon his oom« I p'iiiion with the scream of an angry child. " You-yon beast! " he cried; it's all j gone. ^ I ve lost it all, life, and happiness, I and it's all gone ! " And he rushed at I tho professor of English as at one who had suddenly robbed him. Waveney tottered behind his table and pushed it forward, the tea-cup rolling off to smash itself on tho hearthstone. "Keep off, you old fool ! " said he. " I toil you, keep off." I " I'd like to have vour life," panted 1 Bisset. I "I'd like to bile your throat," said Waveney, from the shelter of tho fable I and he said it convincingly. " Keep your blood, warm till to-morrow morning if you can." The very early morning was coining in over a sad, slate-colored sea. A trim little ycnduvmc pacing under the trees beyond the quay heard from far away over the sands the twice-repeated ban° I of a pistol. With a sigh for his lacquered shoes, he pattered down over tho pebbles and ran scurryiug over the wot beach, still ruled in wavy lines bv the retreating sea. No 0110 was in sight, but he made for the black vibs of the English bark grinning out of the sand to the wests ward. Another bang sounded as 1m ran -tho suicide was decidedly a bad marks man. As ho skirted the wreck he came' upon a sccno which pained and astoni shed him-an old mail, who groaned feebly in tiie puddle of salt water which had collected under him as he was lying, writhingiu his agony. .Five paces away I another man, old, too. looking strangely I out of place in his rusty black coat, was crawling on his knees toward tho pros* .trnto man. A duel, without seconds, without medical assistance, without journalists:- A duel? Sny rather a barbarous conflict a breach of the pcace ! A step nearer, and tho gendarme could sec the kneeling man's white, drawu face, and the red trail where ho had erawlc-d. Revolver iu hand tho professor 1 had struggled up to his enemy, nerved by his purpose, when Bisset ceased to groan and his limbs to tremble. Seeing, this, tho professor let fall the pistol from his bony fingers, and as he laid himself quietly down a great gout of blood spur ted from his breast. » * * « * "It would appear, my dear"-said Sir Edmund Frockmorton, returning to his ; wife, who was sitting in the sun on the ; pebble slope, impatiently slapping ber . little' brown boots with tho handle of her j parasol- " it would appear that two poor . unfortunate creatures, at some unearthly I hour this morning, while we. 'were all i safe iu bed aud asleep, actually went and i shot each other behind the'wreck out i .there." / j " "Sou don't mean to say that they've , left the bodies there?" said the. lady, nervously. " Yes." "Do they know who the poor'creatures were ? " questioned the lady, pityingly. " One of them had cards on his person, and would seem , to have been a-er commercial traveller of some desorips tion." : " I didn't know that persons of that class fought duels," said Lady Frocks morton ; " but I dare say it was some gambling quarrel. I am more than ever glad, Edmund, that I forbade your playing at that sinful chcmin de Jer bet ting game in tho Casino yesterday. I hope you see now what comes of it. The wind is blowing out to sea now, so if you want to smoke cigars you must move your camp-stool on to the sands.'" The white-whiskered old gentleman moved dutifully away. Lady Frock* morton watched the neat little figure until it was out of sight, and then hastened to the scene of the duel. There before her lay the bodies of the two old men-her lovers of twenty years ago. 