Lopsided La.id Looting. If there be any direction in which the email land holderi of tbie colony I can point to the exiatence of monetrone abuaea and intolerable < injustice, it ii in the apportionment' oi eettlouient areaa for their alleged | benefit. In thie matter it eeetno that t he Lands and Mines departments, i like two cows with their taila knotted | together, ere pulling all they know in exactly oppoaite directinna, in the fraotic effort to drag one another's toil out by the rent*. While the pnlicy of the Lauda department hat hem, in rpirit, to offer every facility, fta well aa every puaaible acre of land, to the genuine yeoman aettlor, the policy of the Miner department haa been to exclude, aa far aa ever lay in : ils power, any aettlement upon those | areaa orer which it cbOoaee to naauine | arltitrary control. And thus the land policy of divided against itself, which, even according to the wisdom of tho i Pentateuch, must over fall. • « • * . • A very superficial survey of the j position reveals the' fact that the one department is being regularly playod ' off against Mm other, by peraona who have a sinister interest in the result No sooner do valuable settlement areas revert to tho Crown out af large holdings, than immediately,the Minea doprrtinont, liko tho Assyrian on the l"ld, swoops down, and proclaims a prohibitive protectorate over it to the exclusion of both the Lands depart ment and tho public. That there ««I be a sinister motive in this is obvious to any body nut or inside of lunntic asylum. For the Mines department, by virtue of ils powers | under its various Acts, and especially under those extended it under the j Mining on private properly Act,can st all times step in and peremptorily resume all auriferoua country. Ho that tho fear of losing control of valuable public asaeti can in no wise he urged. Why is it then, that huge areas of valuable settlement land, are arbitrarily wilheld, not only from the public, hut also from the Lands department by the Mineaf Doea it not nb intra argue either a gross disregard of the spirit ol our Land and Mining legislation, cr a sinister manipulation in the interests of the big land holdersP And in the fatness of these pursy times, is not (he latter the tnoro reasonable deduction. • a _w * • Without going from home, let us j take, as instances Lhts extraordinary lopsided policy, thermae of certain areaa lately thrown open on Knmore run, a few to ilea Ira'm Armidale. ; Those area*, throb in all, cotnpriso blocks of (WOO, 0000, and 1470 acres respectively. For vary many years thoHO areas have been arbitrarily with*' hold from public occupation—why P j When the original leases fell in, many I years ago, instead of the blocks being j offered to gonuino yeoman settlers, tho Minea Department swooped down, and proclaiming thein os gold reserves, rudely booted the public over the back fence, Why was thisP During the ] many years of this protectorate, the areas have not produced sufficient gold 1 to keep the Under Secretary for Mines in cigars, and despite repeated efforts on the part of the Lands Department, (he dog-in-tho-tnanager Minea Depart ment, baa tenaciously clung on to the areas. Where could be the object, except in some remote and sinister connection P The Chromolk baa no hesitation whatsoever, in loudly charg ing the Mines Department with a j gross and criminal disregard of the] whole spirit of onr land policy in bo I acliwg, and further challenges it to exculpate itself of euspiciona ugly be yond all present explanation. I * • • • • j However, after repeated assaults,! the Lsuris Departnient at length par- j tially wrested the areas from the' greedy and octopus-like grip of the mines. The areas were duly gazetted aa improvement leases on the 30th December IsbI. and the aale takes place on the 13th instant (Monday). It is here that onr attention must turn to the administration of tho Land Department in the matter. Mini, festly the immenre sire of the blocks places them irrevocably beyond the reach of anv but a wealthy man. An ares like 9300 acres is a pretty fair hunk of land to take on hand, while 5000\. and even 1470 seres, are utterly beyond the reach of any email capita list. Further, upon the 6000 acre block rest improvements to the pretty tidy tune of 600 odd pounds, bo that altogether the small farmer or settler may as well ait at home, and dream of I'ia next fat harvest, as dream of ac quiring any of these portions. Now the question arises, how is it that, if the policy of our land laws is to pro mole closer settlement, the areas as above have been thrown on the market holus-bolus, instead of being so cut np and adjusted as to he placed within the Teach of small holders f Why f •••••" ^ There is a sinister and shamefully significant fact in question. And that is that the areas aa proclaimed were surveyed, and thrown on to the mar ket, at the request end whole expense of the present bolder of Bnmoro ran ! If -the Department carried out its high trust to the public, would it not have given the small purchaser the chance of a hand in the deal by so catting up the blocks as to place them within the reach of any email buyer who desired to acquire tbem F Bnt no J The dice are loaded in favour of monopoly wveiy time, end down go| the email men with a wbowsing whop! Doe* this look like promoting closer settlement ? Doee this look like cleanly administration ? Doee this look like an observance of the spirit of our lend legislation P Echo answers! And there ere s number of selectors immediately surrounding these areas, who hare wauled tor years to enlarge their overcrowded holdings, yet, by the prohibitive protectorate thus arbi trarily set up by the largeness of the blocks offered, can only stand by and suck their pipes in bitter contempla tion of the monstrous injustice being done, both to themselves in particular, sod the public in general. The inaccessibility of the improve ments cannot be urged by even the most fractious objector. The De partment, if it had the interest of the genuine settlers at heart could have cut out, say one thoii:'.i.d acres sur rounding those improvements, except fencing of course, and could have thus obviated the difficulty. But the wall eyed policy of the Department is al wsys blind on the one side, and won't see on tbe other. Tho result will be, (sud, as Monday is the day of eale,the people esn satisfy themselves as to the truth of tbe,prophecy), the whole of the areas will fall into the hands of tbe Enmore run, and will be secure ly locked up from anybody else for at ] least the next fifteen years. Mean sliiln the aurrounding selectors may I uliintle for an extra acre upon which | tu relievo their overburdened selec tions of the continued stock strain, while those who arc farmers, and want to let their fields lie fallow for s year, or two, can take a trip to Sbeol for a fow fresh acres upon which to raise a livelihood. Grand policy this! Grand country too I llooray for eunny New { South Wales! And three big groans i for its anmmic, wooden-legged, wall- ' eyed, Land administration. These are but a few of tbe aspects of the matter, but they are sufficient to servo tbe purpose. There ie fur thermore the very just complaint that these esles are carried oo in a partly hugger-mugger fashion —especiail y when a big land holder has a greedy optic on the land. The notice given is Assuredly too short. Three months at loast should be given, and indeed, the Department should see that every selector in tho immediate vicinity is supplied gratis, with a full descrip tion of the land, terms, and accurate pltn, so that be may be fu'ly ap prised of the matter in all its bear ings. The result would be that Isnd would then fetch its legitimate value as rogulated by a healthy market, and the attendant expense oould be cheer fully borne by an enriched department. TbcvB are but suggestions, certainly, but they arc of sufficient pertinence aud practicability to lead to some of a more comprehensive character. Upop a temperate retrospect of the ^vkole business, there appears to be a crying necessity for drastic and im mediate reform in this regard. Sure ly the Ministers for Lands ■ and Mines, or their subordinates can not be ignorant of the state of affairs. If they plead ignorance, so much tbe worse. Such a plea instantly arraigns them at the bar of public opinion, and proclaima aloud their unfitness to be where they are. If they do know all about it, and acknowledge so, then again still worse, for then they plead guilty to a direct and specific charge of gtoea and criminal neglect of the mandates of the people ae expressed-—and specific ally expressed—in their statute law. And it i'b high time these continued and continual scandals ceased to be. Tbe remedy lies in the people's own hands. If they are too down-trodden, or too apathetic to apply it, then let them not howl in tbe wilderness alone and unnoticed, but hold their craven peace for ever and a. day. Tire year 1899 promisoa to eminently dis tinguish itself as the fitting Jin it suets of a oataolysmio ocntury. It scorns as if the whole preconceived ideas of the purpose and pursuits of civilisation, like the dure from the Ark, have found not where to rest their treaty foot, amid the flood of staggering and kaleidoscopic changes. Political cystoma lisvp found birth, grave, and re- incarnation in turn, during this astounding century. Science lias politely, but oh ! so emphatically, handed aside the myriad pet theories of darker years, and has taken them out into the hack paddock, and exploded them with a load bangl Religion bss had to sustaia more per sistent and terrific shocks during the time than ever has fallen to its lot sinoo the divine tragedy on Calvary ; polities have become the plaything of tho mob, where erst they wore tho deadly instrument of oppression in the bands of tyranny; education has become so vilely cheap, tiiat.it mvy be seen any day lying -dead drunk perishing miserably and abandoned in many gutters; war has beoome a simple question of most men and ammunition, the element of personal heroism, or common courage having practically no market value, and unquotable on change; suicide has been reduced to a science, and murder to a health ful profession; space is practically annihilated by elect, icily and steam; and altogether Life, in its myrimd-fsoet aspoata is just about as important a concern, in the big sealp of events, as the quivering heart of a rabbit, under the scalped of the vivi-ector. And,' as though everything were working up with a sweeping crescendo to an appalling finale, all the cheerful items in question, murder, rapine, war, and general duos in the lead have started in a general wholesale line of business, and by the time the Waterbury watcli proclaims the fateful moment of 1905> birth, it is confidently anticipated that one prodigious and panoramic parting will be said .all round, and that earth will givenp tiie ghost and its place in spaoe for a few hundred million of years. Evkbv town, largo or email, is invaria afflicted with its band of tiddly- winking t raggers, wfaoee lawful visible means of ei port consists toainly 3s ~a weU-polished poet' ] outride some * popular resort, and whose * pinched ere unremittingly poked into i everybody^ concerns except their own. The 3 meagrenere of their own raid ocncerns lately » aooounte for this, while (he balance to be « accounted far, may be put down to ooloeeal « cheek of a chilled steel hardness. "Ibis ir- ] responsible body air their opinions with the, i knowing nods and winks of a mob of Solons. i Big poll tioal questions are to them so mnob bagatelle, and an with the hoighty tojghty airiness of' a Bompson lifting a fifteen ton engine and boiler on the tip of his. noee. In every socdal maelstrom, they may be] regularly soon stirring the whirlpool with! their impertinent finger, and in matters af fecting the tppuUtion of any reputable citizen, in≤ or female, they riid£ out their irrespon sible tongues with die sickening sbameless uchs peculiar to thdrymus. There is nothing they don't know (excepting anything), and what they lank in breeding (which is a woe ful lot) lhoy moko up in assurance. Arrai rUlo is not yithout its big instalment of this gcttus, In these prgviueiri centres, nothing so dis&strous-to;^hc general welfare of the place asthefte tiddly-winking Rdliugtons in question.. They, soars away doccnt folk, and cause every estimable citizen to hold aside I ekiit or coat lest it beoorae soiled by contact withthe shabby crew. Small wonder thai there is snob disintegration in our midst. firaaB wonder thpt beftain people haughtily I hold themselves aloof, and etijoy their own | superiorifcy*wifhia'the limited sphere of them selves. Still smaijlor wonder that at least few of thSe scattered sections do not combine | to the en&'of wiping out tliese insolent inter-1 meddlers bolweoo progress and the people. A few examples might bo beneficially made The selectors have every claim to the I concession which they are seeking from the Government regarding the remission of all money* falliog due this year, so far | as drought-ruined holdings are concerned. I The yeoman interests should be the very | | first and most jealous care of any Govern ment. Tbey^are, not only in tradition* I but in absolute fact, the backbone of the I country, and to cripple them in any way, or to place any restrictions upon their possibility of prosperity, or reoovbry from a series of I serious shocks, is to kill the goo:o Drat lays | the golden ogg*. It is not argued for i second that the bulk of the people should be | grossly penalised to relieve the sinking set tlers ; but, Bering that popular Government lis only after all a'Comprehensive system of o-operation, it-may be justly demanded that tho people at large be oallcd upon to make some sacrifice, and thus save the basis of the national security. Hie operations in these Crown lands is at all times a mutual one be tween tho holder tad the Crown, and the Crown should always extend all reasonable aid to help tho carrying out of the bargain on the holder's part. It is every where reoog nisod that land is not in the same category with any other commodity in which a Gov ernment deals, and further that legitimate yeomon settlers ore the ultimate hope of a country's prosperity and prestige among the peoples of the world.. ;6hould the stop be necessary, special legislation should bo imme diately introduced empowering the Minister of tho Department to make tho most liberal cu!i0cssions;in all oosca where bona fides are established. Ministbb O&rruthCrs; opened his mouth a bit too Stride when he stated to the deputation of persons which interviewed j him regarding the concession lo distressed | Bottlers, that nine tenths of the selectors 1 were in the hands of the banks and other j financial institutions. The .further] question now is in whose hands are the banks and other financial institutions PI Emphatically that can be answered,—in the hands o! the.foreign capitalist. Take any ordinary list nf the shareholders of any of our so-called' Australian. banks, and the number of fonrign^Bharriibldera will hit one inlhe eye wjth vthud that will make him seo more • financial' etaxs than Over Mooley dreamed - of. And to carry the inquiry further, in whose hands ^ts the government tariff We-only ..owe the modest eum of about £65,000*006 to that ponderous party knuwn as the ."British Capitalist" so that the government iUe}( has nothing to shout about. Starting atthe top of the ladder, and f riovriy descending we find that from Govern ment tobutcher-boy, everybody!* in some ^ body rise'e financial hands.' So that Mr. Joseph Hector "Carruthara, is denying assist ance to the settlers on that plea, bumped up L against a bit. of &n; economic snag whose girth is only measurable with an equator long taps. As''an.Jnstanoe of the real inright of some. # oar'political wise-acres into the real operations of finance, this Carruthers instancegtalms tho cake. The vagaries o£-{hat trinity of tiuculenoe, known as the'PuMid Servibfe'Board, seem to. know no bounds. There is nb billy goat in the trqpio of Capricorn that'Wouldn't pull out its beard w^th infuriate; envy at the gidfy tricks tho triune of marvels play. Ever since they were pftehf&Ifced; into power by Premier Reid, (a-cuunmg devic4'to'escape the dunning of incalculable. promises . he had made),- they have tiddly-winked,. fiddled about, patched, and phiegigged with the service, until there'^ not aringle forlorn soul conoerned, themselves included, thar knows even with the aid of -a pocket compass, 4 where he are." Reflations,.lulfes, and ] | observances, articles of frith, fidelity, and j | fedty, time books, blue books, retrench ment!}, and every oth^r conceivable- concern ] knSSvn to the encyclopaedia, bave;tn turn j been created, tnodk&d; down, jumped on, reancrimated, and dragged' all over the departments by the giddy goatishness of this tzuoule&ttrinity.; After a big innings at ftb sort of thing, they usually sit back breath loss, and Rethink them of some view and. startling novelty in the way of service wrecking. Their latest captioornial caper,, ia'to issue a ukase that before any. pqblic servant , can get a rise/ he most - pare a fijdl&g; technical examinatiad to prove that Ids breath is not too impregnated with 'whisky or wangle pop . to be^abU.to/ eay < truly rural" without fying bis tongue in -a bulbous_ knot! The enjweme- efficiency of his office work, and his recognised ability and fidelity thereto go for nought.- Oh ho ! He must be elds to locate Popocatepetl and -the Aleutian - Islands, according to Mercator'e projection, and moat be able to BpeU f-oat" and other big* weirds, as well u knowing that the YBrb-Mtobe" isn't the verb 11 to have/"'.If he passes this test satisfactorily, (and men of about forty five or fifty will undertake it, oh t so cheerfully) then he may come in for an enormous rise of {hold your breath)—£ iO per snn||fn! Think of that,- ye free end independent public, and tell* us, what sort -of a toast ought the public servants not drink to the health of that truculent trinity—the Public Slaughter Board! The magistrates who generously assessed, the prurient offence of that depraved young blackguard named Frank Giles, who was hailed before them yesterday morning, at five shilling's worth, have nothing to compliment themselves upon. The shamelesa and abomin able crime (for it was^ if possible, worse than a crime), places the. young reprobate well within the category ot the brute creation. Decent nespoetaWc people; and many of them young unsullied girls and children/ cannot even go to a place of worship, forsooth, with out their Bense of modesty being inexpressibly shocked, and their pure ideas foully outraged by the unmentionable blackguardism of such au act as is enough to mako the gorge rise in the throat of a blear eyed wanton 1 The as sessment of such a crime is only computable in the highest currency pf the law's vengeance. Five shillings, indeed ! The despicable black- guard should have been packed off to the So- braon for two years at least, or given a full three months within the walls of Armidale gaol, wherein to fully settle in his own filthy mind whether he oughtn't to be taken to the Zoo for a rare specimen of a baboon or ourang-outang. Whilst*srer such crimes ire glozed over by this criminal leniency, they will continue to fatten upon thedisguat of so ciety, and the Chboniole sternly charges the magistrates concerned, with an utter derelic tion of their manifest duty, and an inexpiable wrung against the purity and respeotability of the town. Though every hole end oornor in the colony | from - Dan to* Boershoba has already ham mered in the corner peg wherefrom the Federal State House is to stretch itself into space, the exact spot of the oapital is still-in the realm of ubiquitous uncertainty. In the ordinary course of fatuosity, the Chbosic'le should make a big mouthful of Armidale's claims to the proud possession.' But the big end of the stiok is too far away to* venture such a thing. The foreshadowing of the matter seems to point to some place on the southern line. The Cbbootole'$ idea ie as follows. The great friction found in the various conventions, wan to reconcile the big riparian difficulties. .The location of the capital can settle these difficulties in one swoop,. The River System of the oolony, wbichindeedis the Only system in the continent, has a general trend south-west. The Darling finds its source in the Macintyre ranges, and under the name of the Maciutyre, Barwon, and Darling, flows in * southerly direotion until it joins the .Murray -at Wentworth. The northern tributaries all flow north into it, iho Gwydir, Namoi, Castleraigh, - Mac quarie, and their own tributaries. "The southern syricm, .embgappig. the, Laotian, Murrumbidgee, ahd Murray enclose the jewel of tho colony, the Riverina. Now if- tqe Fodoral Government took a 6trip'froin Mfc. Kosciusko to, say, Adelaide, along both sides of the Muriuy, that would place the whole of the friotitfhal question iiflfnediately within the Federal territory, and thus effectually excludo all provincial irritations.In that cose Albury would bo the oapital. It: is, on the fooe of it theb&t; spot. PractioaBy equidistant from Sydney, Melbourne, end Adelaide, its posi tion ■ is unrivalled. It is on the main rail and water ways. It is .in the centre of the rich est part of the colonies. Therefore, without going in for exhaustive arguments, the ChkonicLb plumps for Albury. 