The Secret Chamber ; or., THE GIPSY'S VENGEANCE. IRovelist. CHAPTER XVIII. ins death or srn ilugu. JJy Eliza. A.. Vupuy , Author of "The Outlaw's Bride.;' " The White Terror" 6/V., &-V. So account for what now occurred, wo must return to the trooper who had been left on guard below. Jones was a person' of inquisitive mind, and it occurred to nun .that while his comrade kept watch over the movements of tho family abovo stairs, ho would make a foray through the older portion of the building. The key still remained in the doov which gave .into the corridor, and he traversed its length and entered the Citapol. His quick oye soon caught eight of the lifted flug atone, and, while ex- uinining it, the open panel also atlracted his attention. ' He exclaimed: "ByJovo! tho secret's out! That chap was hid in tlio garrot, and he's aomuivhere about here, that's certain. Tho way s been opened for him to get nut. and maybe I can trap him before he get.'s away." Ho rushed hack to the inhabited portion of the house, called to his com rade, and, in a few words, informed him of the discovery lie had made, at the same i iine telling him to remain in front of Mrs. Ulethurn's room, and, in five minutes, to enter it, while lie made his way to the.'Cipposite side,' for. he. was cer- tain"tlikt; a communication existed ' bei- tivceh the. 'chapel and .that suite of apartments. . ; J one3. ran back, swiftly mounted the stairs, and moved in the direction in vrhioh lie know the rooms were situated. The sound of voices soon guided him, and he crashed through tho wardrobe at the moment that the cries from tho next room warned him that a scuffle was going. on. gipy turned like ti lioness at hay, while Sir Hugh fell back, dropping the pen- from his hand as he gaspingly aid-: " Lost 1 lost ! All is lost Thev were the last'articulate words he over uttered, for the shock had snnpned lire silver cord, and the hard and sinful soul of tho baronet was wrenched from his body in that moment of supremo anguish. .Tones strode to tho door, unlocked and t.hrcw it open. Vernor was struggling desperately with ' his assailant, who had come upon him without warning, while Mrs. -jMethurn and Ethel, paralysed by fright-, looked on without even uttering a cry. The new- comer grasped the hands of the young man from behind, and in a few moments ho was securely bound and placed on a chair. " Who locked that door ? asked Vornor, savagely. « But for that I might have escaped you both. What have you done with my fathor " I believe he's fainted. Now we've got you safe, I'll look aftor the old gentle- man. Don't be scared, ladies ; wo aint a gom to hurt you, though you did try to hide this young chap amongst ye." Mrs, , Methurn rushed into the dressing- room, followed by Ethel, and tho young gir. uttered a loud ory as she beheld Sir Hugh, with fallen jaw and glazing eyes, sitting bolt upright, with his hands still attotchcd out over the little tnblo. The gipsy and tho doed had both dis- appeared. ."Tho. last shock has proved fatal to I'1") said Mrs. Methurn, with emotion. God has moreifully removed him from troublo to como. Go to your own room, my child, for this sight is too painful for one of your tender yearn. I will attend to what must bo done hero." But Ethol would not consent to leave her ; by this time tho two soldiers had entered the room, and in compliance with the request of Mrs. Methurn, they lifted tho corpse and placed it on a couch that stood in. the room ; and straightened tho limbs, and Mrs. Methurn closed the mouth and pressed down tho oyelids over the staring eyes from which all expres sion had fled. Vernor called out, impa tiently: " what aro you all doing in thore ? Sir Hugh— father, como out ; I wish to speak with you. I suppose that privilege at least will not bo donied me." Ethol went to 'liim, palo and trem- tiling. " Oh, Vornor— poor Vernor, this is a lad blow for you; He will never come to m again. Oh, ho is dead !" : Tore or covered his lace with his hands, and she could see that he trembled in ovory fibre of hi /frame. Presently he looked up and hoaroely said : . _ .; " Then it's all up with me. A prisoner to those who know no mercy, -and my father gone, there is no one to stand be tween me and destruction. I havo ruined you too) Ethol the remnant of property loft to you will barely purchase your own Bafoty.'-' ; " Don't talk of that now, Vernor," she gently replied ; ".I will stand by Vou to the 1 .st, and if tho sncrifico of all I claim can savo you, Vernur, I will cheerfully make it." - . ' Mrs. Methurn came in silently weeding. She placed her hand on Vernor's head and revoi ently said : " The Lord has dealt with his creature. Sir Hugh has escaped the evils wo must rouse our courage to face." ' _ " Oli. Aunt Agnes, if he could only have lived a few .weeks longer, he 'miglit havo been able to avert utter ruin from us all ; but now, everything is lost. Make up your minds to go with mo to prison; for Kirko will come back arid take ns all away with him." . "If it mast be so, I can go. ' I will write to Gerald, of the strait we are in, and lie and Mr. 'Clyde may be able to. help us." " Ii jiietice reigned in the land, perhaps they might; but I havo nq hope from that. Resign youroolf to- the worst, for Eirke arrests us, and Jeffreys will sit in judg ment upon us." Mrs. 'Methurn shuddered. The rennta- tion of Jeffreys was. well known to hor,; and the thought of even .appearing before him filled her with horror. The troopers here joined them, and, rough as they were, they refrained - from sayiiig anything to the unhappy-young man to embitter his captivity. Even they had some respect for. the lifeloss form of him who was so lately the stay arid protec tion of those before them. .Vornor haughtily regarded them, as he said : . . "I may at least be permitted to go in and look upon my dbad fathor for the last time. Free iny feet that I may walk." " If you'll promise not to make a dash, young man, an' try to got off, I'll do you that sorvice." said. Jones, as he severed tho cord that bound his feet. Vernor aaid nothing in reply, but stood an instant balancing in' his mind his chances of escape. While Ethel talked with him alone, sho had lightly loosened tho handkerchief with which his arms were bound,' for tho ten- son appeared painful, and a few cautious, movements had convincedVorrior that ho could release them without much effort. He aaid: "Now I am ready. One of you can keep guard at tho door while the other goes with me in tho dressing-room. I shall not be long.". The troopers excliauged glances, and Simpson took I is station close beside tlio door. / Vornor walked forward, followed by Jones, and his rapid glance took in the condition of the room. He asked : "Who guided you to yonder open ing 1" .. . . . i " My own wit and tho carelessness of tlioso, that came before me. The woman that was in here, got away while I was Bocurin' you." - ' , "What woman?" said Vernor, be wildered. " How should I know? One of the servants, mayhap, who know tho way up." But the prisoner knew better, aud like a flash tlio romcmbranco of the strange gipsy woman came to him. ' That she hnd some mysterious connection , with his father, that she knew' all the secret places' in thojrouse, lie was aware, and hie heart grow faint within him as ho remembered how she hnd kept upqn liis track for yoirs past. Could she have followed' him to England to make his destruction sure'? Why she wished evil to him lie did. not know,' but that she was his deadly, aud uncompromising enemy lie felt assured. He approached the couch and. looked down, on the inanimate form that lay upon it. thinking less of his bereavement than of the means of escaping from the toils "that were, olosing around him. . \- J ories; peered through tho opening in the wardrobe', and muttered comments on its ingenuity. - ; He found the saw, and said, alo.ud-: >. " Tho cal irot this, but howehahrouvlit it up I don't know. She's asharpun, an'. .needelookingafterab.it," Vernor glanced furtively at him. The door communicating with the outer doer had sw.ung partly to. J ones was on his knees groping in the wardrobe, aud soizing the opportunity, ho slipped the handker chief from his arms, and at a bound, closed the door, turned the key, and then sprang upon the trooper. As Jones arose lie struck him a heavy blow upon the head, dashed through the opening, and ' was liaif way across tho garret before the man regained his stunned senses suffi ciently to pursue him. But Kirke's lambs we're too hard-headed to he long bewildered even by such a blow as the one just dealt on the trooper's head, and as Vornor approaohed the stair way ho heard his adversary in hot pur suit. Dashing wildly forward, he cleared the steps at a bound, landed on the chapel floor, and closed tho panel. \- As ho. paused to- take breath a figure emerged from boliiud a pillar, which ho instantly recognised as that of the Gipsy Queen. "What has brought 'you here?" ho fiercely asked. " What were you doing in- ray father's room to-day 7 You have dogged my steps for years, and now you have como to doliror mo over to des truction." ' " You speak the truth," she recklessly replied. " Tlio rope is made that will soon hang you, and J havo done my best to put it around your neck, though you havo 'bravely helped ' mo yourself. Tho sleuth-hound is on your track, rind you need not hope to oscapo him. You are rushing now upon your fate." " Who are you, ana why have you pur sued- mo thus for evil ?" . "The dead man that lies above can no longer stand between us, and since -your raco is almost run, I will toll you what you wish to know. I am she who should have been Lady Methurn ; to whom every sacred pledge was given, and ruth lessly broken. My Bon is the son of your father, and your own older brother ; yet 7/ou'have dared to strike him. Go on, Vernor Methurn, and meet tho retribution due to. that cowardly . blow. I do not attompt to stop vou. . Hasten before tho trooper breaks through the wall, for he is striking at it at a foarful rate." : Jonos, in truth, was hammering against trie panel wTNt all hfs force, and as a crashing sound was heard, as if it was splintering benoa'h his blows, Vernor again bounded forward, aud disappeared through tlio opening in the floor. He had no thought at that moment for the reve lation that had jnst been made to him ; his only oare was for his own safety. The gipsy again stepped behind tho ilieltoring pillar, leaving Jones to force his way into the chripol. She knew that the fugitive was in her power, for by , this time her son must he at iiis station with tho party of which he had gone in quest, and since nothing olso wiuld be gained by tho day's work. Melehoir might at lea3t gain the reward offered for his brother's apprehension. Tho trooper at length smashed the panel, and with the impetus of the last blow, rolled out upon the floor. As lie regained his feet, a confused sound of voices and cries oame up from the vaults, and before he could gaiu the stairs leading into them, a party or four men, lead by Melehoir, came up, bringing the fugitive with them as a prisoner. Vernor had gone but it few yards below, when they closed around him, and pinioned him in- such a manner as to render resistance in effectual. . CHAPTER. ViX. .. , " the brothers facx to face. . A messenger was sent to Kirke, inform; ing him of the state of affairs) and at the moment. Vernor was brought in the chapel he dashed up to the door, followed :by the remainder of the troop. Their loud and disorderly entrance filled the whole building with clamor, and their commander, with angry 'and inflamed visage, stalked through the room of Sir Hugh arid - traversed the ' corridor with -furious haste. He gained the chapel, and a', gleam of ; ferocious joy lighted up his features as he saw the prisoner standing before him bound and help less. " Well, young cock o' the walk, your wings are clipped at last," he said, with a hoarso laugh. " You've led mo a pretty dance, you and that deceiving old father of yours. Where is he? I'll make him feci that it is not safe to trifle with one of his majesty's officers as he has done with mo-to-day." Vernor disdainfully regarded him. " My father, thank Heaven ! is beyond the reach of your malice. You nor anyone olso v.-ill annoy him more." " Why,: what, does the galli&rd; mean? Where is Sir Hugh, I say? Bring him before me,- that I may signify my pleasure to him in this conjuncture of affairs ? I'll take the old sinner whore ho'll find cause to repent of his evil doeds." " You're spared that trouble, sir," said Jones. " Tho old gentleman's gone a longer journey than you can take him. When 1 jumped iu on the hidin' place o' tho young 'un, lie jest fell back and gave' up the ghost." . " Dead T" said Kirke. "Do you mean .that his tough old heart actually broke -when he learned that his young scape grace was in the toils , Bless my soul ! I had no idea lie had so much sensibility." ' ' He's dead, sure, sir. Mebbe you'll como up and see where the youngster was stowed away , an' you see fur yourself .that Sir Hugh '11 never breathe again in this world." Giving orders for tlio prisoner to bo re moved to'the hall and securely guarded, Kirko strode after his satellite and mounted to tho ganet. He carcfnllyjur- veyed his route, and said : " Cleverly contrived, faith ; and tlio panel is so well concealed behind the pillar that no one would have suspected its ex- istprice.""' I was certnjn that the young ' ih'iin had taken rdfugo liere, arid I intended to stay in tlie neighborhood until he was nabbed." . . When they gaiued the opening into the dressing-room, lie forced his burly form through it, and stepping out, stood before the two affrighted ladies, who were kneol- ing before the couch oh which the -body of Sir Hugh lay. Mrs. Methurn extri cated herself from Ethol's clinging arms, and arose with dignity, while .the poor girl turned her pallid faco to ward him and pointed appealingly to the lifelosq form of the baronet. Mrs. Methurn said : ' "I trust that Colonel Kirke will treat these remains with the respect that is due ,to tnem. . ' . Tlie rude soldier lifted his hat in the presence of death, arid replied : " He's done his last wrong ma'am, and gono where Jeffreys can't roaoh him, which I can't say I'm sorry for. . Sir Hugh was a liberal man, and I'll see him put decently in tho family vault before we go. But I am sorry to say that you and this young lady must go with me to Taun ton as soon as the job's completed." " Can we not be pormitted to re main, lioro till our presence is necessary thoro?" " I had agreed to that, but now it is impossiblo. You bavo helped to conceal that young fellow, thus making mattors worse for yourselves than they would have been. Luckily, wo caught him, and now he's safe with my lambs." "How long may we remain beneath this roof, sir?" v " Till my mon have liad a good dinner provided for them, ma'am, and we.have bad time to knock up a box to put the old gentleman in. . He was fond of his glass, and I hope thoro will bo good wine to be. drunk at his funeral banquet. I rely on your respect for the docoased to order a repast suited to his quality, for my lambs aro used 'to the best tho country affords. " " Thoy shall have the best we have," replied the lady; " hut you must be aware of tho difficulty of obtaining sufficient food fur a whole troop of horseinon at so short a notice. Our family is not. largo, mid it will take time to sond to the vil lage." ' Zounds ! madam kill the fatted calf ; kill his mother, if tiecossary ; for 1 shall not budge from the Priory till I have partaken of its hospitality.- - Tho Mothurns wore not wont to bo niggards'; and if their fortunes have fal'on, there is still enough loft to feed liis majesty's soldiers." Mrs. Methurn did not reply to this rude ' speeoh ; she merely. bent her head and left the room. . ' Messengers were dtspatohod to the vil lage, and to farmer Conway's to request that provisions might, bo sent up to the Priory ; but tlio day was rapidly wai.ing away before the banquet was ready for tho . impatient and often -clamorous soldiors; for Kirke allowed his men the wildest liberty when not engaged in actual : sorvice, , A rough coffin wis procured'- for, Sir Hugh, and- with little coromoriy ho was placed in it and eonvoyed to ' the family vault, which was' situated in the roar of the chapel. . Vernor and the two ladies wore pormitted to be present, aria, with foar and trembling, tho currito of tlio parish camo to read the blirial aorvico over the body. When he asked leave to do so, Kirke replied : ."It isn't riiuoli good they'll dosuoiinn old reprobate now, Mr.' Parson ; but as it . is customary, I won't refuse. I'm called a brute, and sometimes I net like one, but tho devil, you know, isn't so black as lie's painted. The women would feel horrified if the old fellow was put away like a dog, aud somehow that littlo girl interests me. ' ' Tho poor thing has boon niado a victim .by Sir Hugh and that ' scamp of a'son; they havo ruincil her, I know, and this affair will swallow up tho last fragment of- her fortune. Somehow I pity her, though I don't ofton care for .- those the fortune of war throws in my hands." "Miss Ethel is a sweot young lady," replied tho. curate. " I taught her Latin and the mysteries of calculation, and she was always a docile pupil. . I do hope you will try and befriend her in the evil straits into which sho has fallon." . "As to' that; my power over her fate- ceases when I. deliver her over to the' authorities at Taunton. . Jeffreys will then; be the arbiter of her doaiiny." ; : The dominie shuddered. ; "Oh, sir, he .- is . a merciless, man, and-, this is suoh a iyoung gitl 1 . 1 — I'm told, sir, that -those he cannot hang he . will condemn' to be sold aa. slaves . in- the West Indies. Think of it, sir ! such 'a delicate young lady .as this to be sent away . as a alave. to that .wild and unhealthy , country. " ... .. " Kirko laughed bitterly and aaid : "It's good enough for the most of those who will be sent there." _ Tho poor dominie regarded him with silent horror. The family at the Priory had beeri his patrons, and from him the young people liad rccoivod tlio greater portion of their education. For Vernor ho had less . affection than Gorald, . but ho could not think of .the fate that threatened him without the bitterest re gret. While performing 'the last services for the deceased haronet, his voice faltered and his eyes filled with tears maiiy times ; and in a parting iritorview with Mrs. Methurn ho promised to look in fre quently at tho Priory, and see how things went on during her - enforced absence. She made an' effort' to look hopeful, as she said : . ' — ' ' . "I trqat that we shall be permitted to return before long. If wo do not, I hope, Mr. Panton, that you wiH rpmombor the poor pooplo I have been in the habit of ; looking after." - He promised- to do so, and asked vi " Will- not MrV-'Gorald come to your as--"-' sistance, ma'am ? He's a lawyer, and lib will know tlie rights of the caBe. It sceins hard that you and.Miss Ethel should, be taken away from your- homo for such a trifle." .. -. .- "I have written to Gerald, and I shall send m.v letter from Taunton." " Will they really put you in' prison, ma'am? It's a dreadful place, for I've ; been there to visit a friend. That was several years ago ;.buttlie placo is no better . now — nay, it is worse, for a malignant fever |b raging among the people confined there." . . Mrs. Methurn shivered as she ex claimed! "My poor Ethol ! it will be terrible to take her into tii'b midst of infection. I must make every effort to escape that -danger. Kirke is rough and brutal, but , ho'lias tho. reputation of being also very venal. . I have a hundred pounds by mo, whioh I have SRved. since Gerald wont into Mr. Clyde's office. Perhaps that will purchase permission for us to remain ' under.Mr. Digby's roof. It would be too cruel to throw.us in the midst of infec tion." . . " Kirke. seams to feel for Miss Ethel, ma'am, and I think the half of the money will bribe him to let you both remain with your friends. But no sum will keep Mr, Vernor out of prison. Thoy are too much afraid (hat he will escape. He lias shown such spirit' arid determination that they will not.consent to lose sight of liim for an hour." ; Mrs. Methurn eighed heavily. "I am aware of that, and I have no hope of keeping him with us. To savo Ethel from contact with such misery and degradation, is the utmost I expect to ac complish.- Youadviso -me then to make .-, the trial with Kirkei?" - "I think yon- may venture to do so, ma'am. He can only refuBO, and you will ho no worse off than you aro now." Thus counselled, Mrs. Mothuru sought an opportunity of speaking with Kirke, who at first utterly refused to listen to suoh a proposal. - He declared that the. two ladies must go to prison, as many others of as high station had done before ; that he had no power to change their des tination, but when lie found that the widow had money of her own with which to purchase indemnity, he softonad his tone, and after many manoeuvres to find out how much she was able to giro, ho - finally consonted to accopt sixty pounds, and 'allow Ethel and hot proteetress to take refuge in the house of Mr. Digby till the day of their trial arrived. When Mrs. Methurn ventured to men tion -Vernor, his face darkened, and' he abruptly said : "You can do nothing for the young man, madam. My advieo to you is, to let htm bear tlio burden of the calamity lie has brought upon yon all." Mrs. Methurn turnod away with a sad heart; she would -have gladly averted from Vernor tlie penalty of ' his lato acts, had she possessed'1 the power to do so ; , but she was holploss to aid him iri any ; way." Vornor waa'kfriotly guarded in ono i of tho lowor rooms, and no opportunity of speaking with him had been allowed . tho two ladies, save when they stood be- . side tho bier when the. funeral services wore being performed. Ho had then: briefly said : , " Take care of yourself and Ethel, Aunt Agnes. It's all up with me, and I must . hear my fate like a man. I hare brought evil enough upon you without hanging as Y a mill stone upon you now: Leave me to my own deserts." The houae for many hours after was a scene of riot arid oonfusion, from which Mrs. Methurn was glad to take refugo in tho soclusion of her own apartments. Tho late dinner was served, for Copway. setiu up h waggon load of proving, and tho people of the village, anxious to prove their royalty, furnished every- thing they, .thought f tho troopcr3 yrould need... :;Y Y,:-. '- YY /'; '' ' Tho Wirio collar was searched,, and -a; sufficient -store .of both- -wino and/ale wcro found to intoxicutu, <tho whole party. " :i'qw: would liavo . helioyocl/thnt tho shadow .of death' rcstodhpon that house,- which i-rarig with / baceharialiari sorigs - arid roystering laughter. : ;.\Tbo feast was turned into a wild iwol, and it was lato in tho night' before tho troopers staggorcd from the table. . Under these ' circumstances - Kirke postponed their; departure till tlio fol lowing morning, for among his troops but , ono sober man was to bo found. This was Simpson,' to whom tho custody of Vernor was delegated, with tho : as surance that if ho permitted him to escape his own life should bo tho forfeit. Muicnen and her son were still m tho houso ! and Melehoir watched for an op portunity .to riomo into tho. proserieo of his brother, that hoYhright - gratify his ;deep hatre'd by seeing him. ' bound rind helpless before him, The drunken trqopors had sunk down upon the floor iu a heavy -sleep, and tho house was at last quiet, when the young gijpsy camo stealthily toward tho door hosido which' Simpson . hold his watch) Ho ' offered tho trooper a' tankard- of . alo .and a piece of .'monoy,, arid.whispored-:— - , Y ' Y;,.; f . -" Lot mo pqss lot . mo sop ;my, toe in tho toilsi'.'and I will bo your friorid for life." : )/'.' ' : '- Gad ! you're the follow that sot tlie. men. on the right -scent ; you helped to nab him, and I don't supposcyqu'd carc. to holp him off.!' , ; I'd throttle him first,":, was the fierce rcsponso. "I wish to witness his humiliatiori— to gloat on his sttfferY ings. Ho degraded mo onoo by cowardly blows, but now I think wo are quits,' Let mc pass, good follow, and it shall not hp tho worst for you. "When I get my shore' of tho reward for taking him I'll remember you." "This alo. is good; this money is genuine, audi don't sec; any objection to grantin' -what you ask. Go iu and, speak your miud to tho sullen, youngstor, who wouldn't answer a civil remark I made to him a while ago." To Is Continued.) 