cohfi<£:tb story. mail G. B. SURG IN. [copyright.] uncom wish fi-y ■ mac wc had * attended more ' vlosoly *° what an old * •;' aunt of mine once called ' ; * •' 4,onr>acrilegiuusuutics." Other* are so buril}* engaged in preparing1 for the next world, that they have no time iu which to attend to their duties here. Personally, it has alway* seemed to mo rather indecent for a mint to make such a in->s about his soul to his neigh "t ours. Provided ho lives u godly, sober, and righteous life, and does his neighbours a good turn wherever possible, I think that he ought not to trouble people unduly with his spiritual concents. This by the way; for I had just been driven out of London by the iucessaut clamour of the Salvation Army, which never lost a chance of wishing to drag my soul into the light of day whenever it met mo in a public thoroughfare. The last straw had been when a very keuutiful aud ladylike girl stopped mo iu the Strand and said earnestly* "I am so sorry for your poor, sinful soul. Stranger, what of your soul?" I admit that I was testy. *'ItLsa question which no well-bred young woman should a>k of a perfect stranger without the formality of a previous introduction," I said severely. ••Ah," she replied softly, her eyes filling with tears, "but it won't want an introduc tion when it goes to the bottomless pit." I must admit feeling rathor aunoyed at her having taken so much for granted. Then just" at the right moment, camo Van Holthen'it letter. M If," he said, "you want a little holiday, paclc up your traps and run over to STuvromarto. I shall bw away for threo weeks, but Old Aluthea will make you comfortable, and (this was the phrase in the letter which charmed wc no' much) yon can possess your soul in peace." That was what I wanted. To possess my soul in peace; but there did not appear to be much chance of my doing so in Europe. "When after sundry adventures which do noc matter, I. reached Mavromarto (I had an exciting time with Greek patriots in Athens, who wanted me to volunteer and pay my own expense*), old Aluthea met me on the thresh Id, aud kissed my hand with much fervour. Like the good sensible soul she was, she did nor bother me ubuut spiritual matters, but tried to make roe comfortable as I sat on the terrace watching the fireflies (they looked like bicycle lamps in the vine yards) and drinking a loathsome, evil-smell ing spirit, distilled from ike leu Uncus, called inostic. 44 No one, said Aluthea, 44 ever came to Mavromarto without loarniug to love mastic.1* • 44 But it makes me smell like a chemist's shop," I objected. 44 Well,'* said Aluthca, 44thc saints be praised, people will think you arc a true ton •f Greece, and know you by the smell." And so, evening after evening, 1 sat on the terrace, posseting my soul, without anyone in the neighbourhood venturing to dispute my ownership of it. The weeks flea by in u dream of languorous sunshine, bountiful primitive ways, quaint music from the neighbours' guitars, and an occasional fray when the fisher-folk took too much mastic and suddenly started a blood feud with a neighbouring village. At first I was a little alarmed about my own personal safety, as the inhabitants of Priukipoti informed Aluthca that they were in doubt whether, being the only strangerin the island, it might not be a point of honour for both sides to see which could bag mo first; but Aluthea scolded them so vigorously that they some what rcluctautly gavo up the idea, nay, in consideration of a small sum in drachmas, I was allowed by both sides to maintain an armed neutrality. The daily list was generally brought to me, and Aluthca, who knew every one of the victims, always had cdyfyiug remarks to make about them. One evening eho came to me with a joyous smile lighting up her wrinkled features. 44 Holy fiaint Gnngopoulos' bo praised, my lord." • 44 Certainly, Aluthea; but why V* 44 To-morrow will be the saint's fete day. and the blood feud will be over. Aly loztl eon come to the fete." 44 All right, Aluthea. I'll send them a dozen bottles of mustic, just to celebrate the occasion. I'm rather tired of having occa sional not shots made at me from the vine yard below." 44 It's only the boys," said Alutbca, apologetically. 4 4 They donTt wish to hurt my lord, but they liko to see how near they con fire without actually hitting him. A true Havromuraan would look upon it as u com pliment." . To turn the conversation, for I was a little orercorae by such kindly consideration, I asked Aluthea ubsut holy saint Gringopouloe. ''Ah, my lord, but what a dear man he was!" she said enthusiastically. I motioned her to sit down. "If your lordship permits," she said humbly. As I was rather pining for a chat, I graciously permitted Aluthea to take this unheard-of privilege. She arranged herself comfortably on a cushion, her brown old face aglow with childish pride and delight at the unexpected honour which had fallen upon her. I poured her out some mmtie. "To the saint and your lordship's health. Hay your lordship die in your sandals," she said fervently. Among these simple children of nature it is considered a disgrace to die in your bed. Hence, if you arc suffering from mortal disease, you go out and shoot someone, and his relations kindly do the same for you. There is not tho slightest illwill at the funeral; both parties thoroughly understand the situation. " There's another bullet," I said, jumping, as something "zzzzzd" through the uir, aud buried itself in the veranda wall. "Go uwny, children," sternly cried Aluthea, advancing to the edge of the veranda, and calling down to Rome people in tho vineyard. " Go away, or my lord will not come to tho fete to-morrow." "Now I can tell your lordship all about Saint Gringopoulos aud tho Hermit of Mavromnrto, she said, relating herself, aud ca-ting a wistful eye at the mastic bottle. I filled up her trim* and moved without the range of the liquid's potent fumes. "Well, my lord," said Aluthea, ."one morning when wc went down to the beach some fifty years ago, wo found a holy man sitting there, combing the wuter out of his hair with his finger nails. He had nothing on, so my mother, the saints rest her bones, gave him her apron for a girdle. Ho told us he came from the saints." "Yes ?" 41 Well, we "bntlt him a hermitage and he , got to be known as 'The Hermit of ilavro j martd.' People always came to see him on fete days, ana try to tnako him hungry." 11 To make him hungry?" 11 Yes, my lord. He lived upon bread :ind water, wore horsehair next to his skin, and ; disciplined the flesh until he hadn't any flesh ; left. He grew so thin that people could see through him. The people of Griugopoulos ; aaid he was a hypocrite without any claims to j sanctity at all." " Did be kill them ?" " Ob, no, my lord. Tho more thoy said the holier our hermit became. People came from miles away to receive his blessing. In winter, he would take off his horsehair shirt and the girdle my mother gave him, and stand night after night on the topmost peak of the island, praying for the welfare of man kind and for a blessing on Gringopoulos, who was also trying to be thought u saint. He grew so thiu that every gust of wind blew him off bis perch on to the beach below; but he would crawl up again on all fours and then—puff! puff! and then he was down again." 11 And then?" M Gringopoulos nearly died of envy. At last, he challenged tho hermit to u trial of eudurance, in which the one who remained at his post for the greater time was to be pro claimed the only saint of the archipelago and to hold undisputed sway." "That was a good way of settling the difficulty." "On the appointed day, my lord, there was great excitement. The hermit went to bis usual post and tied himself to a tree lest the wind should blow htm away. Grinuo poulos took up hi* position ou the opposite peak. One day ana a night elapsed. The hermit of Mavromarto begun to suffer the pangs of hunger; the fierce winds of heavcu blew him up and down like a shuttlecock: and he grew thinner than ever. But stillj Griugopoulos did not move from his post on j the opposite peak. A second day passed, my lord! A third! A fourth! Afifto! Death began to seize upon our good hermit, bat Gringopoulas stayed ou. On the sixth day oar good hermit of Huvromarto commended himself to the saints and gave up the ghost" "And then, Alutheaf" "Well, then, my lord, it was all over. Gringopoulos rose from behind a clump of bushes, where he was making a hearty break* fast took his robes off tbedawray he had placed opposite our good hermit, buried the hermit, went home, and told everyone how he had won the contest.'7 " And you made Lira a saint, Aluthea?" "Yes, raj lord. He was so clever. He lived for forty years after, and is the holiest saint in the archipelago." " But about his soul. Aluthear" " Oh, my lord, that's his affair. His bones bare great virtue in curiug rheumatism. He rnmt be a saint." And Aluthca went in to make her prepara tions for the morrow. After all, people of different nationalities look at things from different points of view. Even in JTuvro mnrto vou cannot escape your son!. 