FAIR AND UNFAIR. Iii spite of the uppiopitious weather the Cricket Match and the Tennis Tournament have attracted good audiences,fcnd many smart people have managed tdbe^presbnt at both Ovals on the same aiipfes no doubt preferred the tennis, jfco the cricket because it was * the right thing' and the men were there. The conversation of the fair sex in the members' reserve was of a mixed character. * I wish Giffen would go in—oh I there's Giffen. Look at Mrs. Dask^rishe wore that same dress at the reception of tht' Mayoress^ What big men the cricketers ate, and how slowly they play, don't they? There's Connie Smith; she's done up her hair, at last. That's a good catch! How old Mrs. Blank looks in black. These men must feel comfortable play ing cricket, their clothes fit them everywhere and touch them nowhere. Caught out, did you say? Who was it? There is Dr. Lancet looking for Mrs. Brown as usual. Tea ? Yes, please. He's a verypretty bat, isn't he? I suppose father wiil want to stay all afternoon. Isn't a shame about Mr. Giffen?' / Tailor-made dresses and sailor hats—the favorite drees of modern Queens and Princesses—prevailed amongst the younger ladies, the Misses Aird, Marriott, Girdlestpne, Goss, Chappie, Colebatch, Howe, and many others wearing skirts and jackets. Mrs. Butter Clarke looked particularly well in a bluo cloth costume, with a large black hat with Princeof Wales plumes and silver and black gauze fchupri&gs; j Mrs. Howe wore black silk accordeon ploated skirt and cape and smart green bonnet; Mrs. Pope, grey tailor dress, with yellow vest and black bat with white plumes; Mrs. (Dr.) Bickle, tussore silk dress trimmed with magenta silk, and pink and white hat; Mrs. Ware (Mayoress), electric blue, brown hat trimmed with orange and drab ribbons and brown feather; Mrs. (Dr.) Jay, fawn skirt and jacket and fancy straw hat; Mrs. (Dr.) Wigg, white; Mrs. Birreli, white skirt, green silk blouse, petunia hat; Mrs. Geo. Bagot, white muslin sprayed with black, hat trimmed with double violets and pink sweet peas ; Mrs. Mellor, black and white costume; Lady Smith, black, with smart black bonnet trimmed with heliotrope; Mrs. (Dr.) Symon, sage green with pink roses in bat; Mrs. Peterswald, reminiscence black. It was amusing to notice that on the opening day of the cricket match no one wore even a touch of green, much less a shamrock leaf. These things were left to the sports folk, the people in the Archbishop's procession, and the crowd at the Town Hall. Evidently St. Patrick was not a society saint. The Premier was at the cricket match wearing a boy's hat on the crown of his head, and sporting a modest buttophole. He did not look too well, and leant heavily on his walking-stick. 1 Such an unsociable man.' said .one well-known . .• - * .1 / sassiety lady to her spouse^ as she viewed the Premier staring abstractedly around! 'go and speak t~> bim.' He did as he was bid, and took an empfcychair by;tbuk Premier,but the Bight Hon. Charles did not vouchsafe him a glance, and listened to his; tidJ£l^de^ 'llPPffr away, and the gentleman yrno .took his place received the same unflattering>,reception. The barefooted newsboys sbehted ltf r. iKingston out and haunted him with evening editions, tumbling over the empty chairafchafe hedged him tn,i but he took no notice of them. ' The strongest man is he *rhh sits alone' is Evidently his motto. Miss GirdleBtone, who arrived from England by the last mail steamer,1 will keep house for her brother, the head master of St; Peter's College. She is a tall dark girl with a clear English com plexion, and quite up to date in opinions and appearance. ^ No man has been *ihore run after in Adelaide than Mr. Girdlestone, but his sister's advent will protect him from matrimonial mammas, and enable him to play his single rdle with dignity and comfort. Mr. James Hill and Miss Hill have returned from Victoria. Mrs. Charlie Hay ward arrived here from Port Victor last week. Mrs. Mary Lee claims to be ' South Australia's leading woman's snffragisb.' She should talk to Archbishop O'Reily on the subject. Miss Edgar, the Theesophist lady who has lately spent some time with Mrs. Besant in India, and is now lecturing in Adelaide, is described by her admirers as ' an individuality, not a personality.' Certainly she has a Mahatmalike appearance, and her coBtume would be equally well suited to either sex. Many men with cone-ehaped foreheads and women with figures a la Salvation Army foaegathered at Miss Edgar's lectures and Quiz noticed Mr. Paris Nesbit, who is much interested in Theosophical subjects, and who asked some pertinent questions on reincarnation and things of that sort. Who is the Dr. * Pleona' Ryan a contemporary writes about % Dr. Plevna Byan has a world-wide reputation, but Dr. Pleona Ryaa has never been heard of. Government House is still in its deshabille, but no doubt it will be clothed and in its right mind before our Governor-elect and his court reach us. Lady Tennyson may be thankful that the Mount morencies have never been residents of this vice regal residence. Lady Violet Somerset, who with her mother, Lady Raglan, accompanies Lord Beauchamp to Sydney, is twenty-fye years of age, and the com panion and darlipg of her mamma. Perhaps London Punch was thinking of her when it repre sented recently a bride in the arms of her Irish mother, who is saying to the newly made husband, •Leave her with me until I get accustomed to her being away.' Lady Violet is Lord Beauchamp's cousin, a little younger than the Governor- elect of New South Wales, and just the sort of young lady to attract a young man with a mission. She was the only child born to the late Lord Raglan by his secohd marriage. JHer mother is the daughter of Sir Walter and Lady Mary Farqnhar. An English lady resident here says that Lord Tennyson, who owns a small place at .Freshwater, m the Isle of Wight, offended his neighbors by behaving as if not only the whole watering-place, but also the sea itself belonged to the Tennyson family. For instance, he insisted on swimming: whenever he saw fit into the bathing reserve for women and children, jus* to show that a Tennyson could not be bound down by bathing regula tions. On Toesdayevemng Mrs. ^T^^tid the founda tion stone o£ tbe new cbancdr of St. IiUke's Church. She was attended by Captain Weflftlg ton. Bf the way, why. tMs fuss about the popular aide? What does it matter if he graduated here through the Militia ? Mrs. Way wore a becoming grey dress edged with narrow figured black braid, white chiffon vest and collar, and high white tulle ruffle. Her small black bonnet was tied under the chin with black ribbon strings, and trimmed with white carnations and jet ornaments. The Bishop, Dean, and several of the leadihg Adelaide clergymen were present, and the qervioe was fully choral. Mrs. Way sat facing the - Bishop, aud the foundation-stone was suspended by a thick iron chain between them. A curious jury fixing of canvas and btfnting covered the chancel that is to be., The Union Jack and the Stars and Stripes were hung opposite to one another in a friendly manner. All went well until the critical time came for laying the foundation-stone. Then after the Rector had made a speech to Mrs. Way about the Lieutenant- Governor's health, which she listened to with admirable patience, a churchwarden stepped forward to say a few words. He told Mrs. Way that her busint^^as to lay the foundation-stone, and added, (^o doubt as your husband is such a master of the Aarlhe ha* told you how to do it! This was too much for Mrs. Way, and even the Bishop smiled a smile, in spite of the crozter behind his chair. However, with becoming gravity Mrs. Way took the silver trowel from the Rector, touched the stone three times in the right places, and said the words ' In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this stone, in die name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen.' \- i I The church was consecrated in 1856 by Bishop Short, so is nearly fifty years old, and no doubt the money that is wanted for the new chancel* will be forthcoming before long, for the Rector reminded Mrs. Way that it had now a claim on her memory. Sir Langdon Bony thon is at present on a visit to Port Victor. * Mr. P. J. O'Driscoll, the Resident Secretary of the Citizens' Life Assurance Company in Ade laide, has been promoted to a similar position in Sydney. Mr. O'Driscoll leaves early next week to occupy his new berth, and will carry with him the good.wishes of many South Australians, with whom he has become very popular. Mr. Arnold E. Davey, the President of the Chamber of Commerce, leaves for England and South Africa on Saturday by the Narrung. He will spend some weeks in South Africa* and then proceed to London. Mr. Dayey expects to return to Adelaide before, the end of the year. The catering at the polo contest at Montefiore Hill on Saturday and for Henry Berry & CoVt picnic was carried out to the satisfaction of all concerned by Mr. Fred Bricknell, of Kent Town. The marriage of Miss Edith Ellen (Nelly) Wallis, daughter of the late Mr. Richard Wallis, rif Goodwood West, to Mr. Alexander Swann, son of Mr. George Thomson Swann, of Dunedin, New Zealand, will take place at Stow Mammal Church, at 7 p.m. to-night (Thursday). 