Notes and Comments. Wbeklt Summary. — The feature of the week has been the keen demand for all low grade teaB. Otherwise business must be admitted to be qniet. The dry weather is seriously interfering with trade, and the laBt settlement day was reported on as being distinctly unfavour able, the softgoods houses being compelled to grant many renewals. However, the daya of reoklea8 trading are, for a time at all eventB, at an end, and when droughts are smelt afar off the country trader curtails his orders and economises, thus enabling him to pull through the bad times. This careful trading has brought businesB to a very UQAlbUy piUUUf CV1AU QUUUUUCQO Xo IUO UU1UL DUUitaU UULIDIMU VI UUU U»J . Wheat was rather less quiet yeaterdry, as alao was flour ; but those who are trying to boom the wheat market and depress flour would appear to be doomed to disappointment. In reply to an interviewer in Adelaide, Mr. H. M. V. Maniaohi, the Greek Conaul, whose head quarters are in Sydney, and who is a very well known figure in commercial oirclss here, gave the following interesting information regarding the possibility of pushing Australian exports in Greece He said: — 'In Greece we have some very large tanneries, and hidea are imported extensively from Argentina, but I see no reason why Australia should not secure a large portion of the brade. At various times I have sentbutohers' hides to the firms I represent, and have found them to turn out very well. It should be borne in mind that the tanning community, at any rate, is well-to-do, and some of the merchants are able to invest in as many as 20,000 hides at a time. The ready growth of va,lonia in Greece makes the tanning industry of very great importance. Greek leather at all Exhibitions bas been placed very high, and it will be seen, therefore, that tho in dustry is on a firm footing.' The Melbourne market for tea is thus de scribed by MessrH. Copland, Mackie and Co. in their monthly circular : — ' Prices of all descriptions must be quoted from id to id over last month's rates, partly the result of moder ate arrivals and partly in consequence of tho fire which occurred on the 16th instant in one of the bonded warehouses, where about i 700,0001b of tea was stored. Of thiB quantity, I IJ. ? i.l.ni _i. 1 CA AHAIU /OTAinlTr of Ceylon tea) have been totally destroyed, the balance being more or less damaged by smoke or water. At auction, Indians have sold very j strongly, and everything available has been taken up, with 6£d as the lowest price for fair ordinary Souchongs. In Ceylons, business has been cheoked by the high reeerves placed by holders on their stocks — prices which the trade will not pay until forced, Very little desirable can now be bought in Pekoe Sou chongs under 7d. GradeB above this— say, from 8d to 9d — show about £d rise, whilst finest Broken Pekoes are practically un changed, Latest cables from Colombo state that teaB which were landed here at 6id in December cannot now be replaced under 7J-d. Whether these extreme rates will last for some time or not is, no donbt, merely a question of the amount being offered in Colombo. In common with other desciipiions, China teas in tho lower grades have advanced id per lb since our last, there boing little or nothing available under 5id. Stocks held by importers are now almost entirely ciean com mon sorts, the bulk of the bettor grades having, unfortunately, been warehoused in the bond destroyed by fire, their actual condition being very questionable. Arrivals have now quite .ceased, and with a large proportional consumption assured for some months ahead, it appears as though stocks will be consider ably short of requirements before the arrival of new tea.' The art of adulteration flourishes under nearly all conditions. One wonld think that it would scarcely be worth while to manu facture bogus tea in these days, but when there is the ghost of a chance of turning a dish nest penny the iugenious cheat seldom misses an opportunity. A Belgian chemical paper gives particulars of a bogus green toa which, after examination, was found to con tain 68 per cent, of extraneous leaves rolled into a globular shape. On steeping in water these unrolled less readily than the true tea. A bluish-grey powder separated from the leaves under water, and was found to contain manganese in addition to the ordinary ash constituents, but no copper or lead. The microscopic examination of ;|the powder led to th - conclusion that earth and indigo had been used to imitate the color of pure tsa. In general form the extraneous leaves resembled ' Thea chinensis,' but differed therefrom in microscopic character, as a so from'Epil- obinm Vaccininm arctostaphylloB ' and other knona vegetable adulterants, and, in fact, could not be botanically identified. 