CHAPTEB XVTL Akogo tub Sehehe. SATED ar the breakfast table at Heath Cliff, on the twelfth of August,! wero three o! Qtpt&ia; Mont coaiery'e oldest xriecdj. They had all seen foreign earriee, to judge by jthe various shades . , of bronze ca their fi feoea, and their scraizht, upright figures ehcwea they wero all army men. They i tfere coiag fell justice to the good things set before them and list-aing to a thrilling tale! of a tiger-hunt their host had joinedTin in, India. He was idling them how relierod! he felt when he uw the brute give his last j struggle, shot bv a bullet *eat by the liilful. hand of his old iriend. Colonel Brunt, just as I 3 : t r__ - * t • _ : fee animal was preparing to spring on him. j Ihe old oolacel, who was sitting oa Captain Montgomery's right hand, gare a hearty laugh, saying: •'* I hire seen you many a time, Mont gomery, facing an enemy as cool as yon are flow. But I must confess your terxtaed ex treason, as the great monster with green glistening eyes and large white twth was just l& the ac! ot springing on yoxwaea I by good (jlck gate him the contents of my ilfle, hannU lbs etfiLf? tfeptaln Montgomery Uurhea as heartily 43 the others at the old colonel's sequel to his Story, tellinx them how he often felt in his creams the incneer's teeth ck> sin vr in his arm. find awoke trembling from head to foot until he remsnbhred the brats was lying in fallen jngcitr in the hall. Xfae sanwasshtoirgisa:rhelarw* wjrdows, | tfhSah were drsped with rich crimen cur-! enuring a rosy bur to fail or. the old iosrsdo?, for they had all. as :t hanifuod. ; been xn one regiment, although there was a 1 considerable difference in their ages, the two rounder men being still in active service and only on tbeir leave, while Oolonel Blunt had retired on his pension seme rears before Cap tain Montgomery bad l*r" tha rechuent on the death of hi* father, when helisd come into a large fortuno. The marring meal was going merrily on when the footman brought in the Jotters on a salver, which he placed near Captain Mont gomcty. 44 One for yon, colonel, and two e&ch; for Major Linton aud Mr. Roberts. X allow letters to be read at ths tahlo if no ladies ere present,'* said their host, laughing. | 44 Mine can wait until I bare finished my : breakfast, as I ace it is from my wife/* said the jovial colonel. " Hio can res? until I have had my holi day, as I sec they arc from my tailor,** re marked Major Linton. But Mr. Roberta eaid, ""Well, as you give us leave, Captain Montgomery, I will open mine." 4; Ah I I fee yours are neither from your wife nor tailor. Robert?," said tho major, and the voting fellow laughed. After replenishing the colonel's plate. Cap tain Montgomery opened one of his letters, which he thought was from Sir Gerald Boss, and tho minute after turned so pale that Major Linton said: 44 lib bad news, I hope, Montgomery 5" 4' Well, r.o, not exactly, only a piece of astrs that has astonished roe greatly. In fact, X cannot believe it i> true/' Colonel Blunt now looked up, surprised at the change in Captain Montgomery's voice, sajinsr in a cheerful tone: 4*Wdi, I am glad at least it is not bad news," and then, not knowing what else to say, opened his wife's letter. <43ly wife wishes me to remember her kindly to you. Montgomery, and wishes you would get married and then she would make ycu fulfil your promise to her. She does not t<*ll me what that promise is." And hr locked kindly at hi* host. 44I have always told Mrs. Blunt that as so on as I get a wife she must ccme with you, colonel," answered Cuptain Mcntgotnety, with the ghost of $ smile on his pale face. Eat a dampness had fallen eti the party that even the gccd-tempered colonel's lively remarks ooold not dispel. So they ell felt ghtd when two were gentlemen neighbours of Captain Montgomery come in to join the party, and they commenced getting ready to go on the moors. Poor G&ptsn;: Montgomery! He did his best to make the day enjoyable to his guests, and only the three friends who were staying in the house knew anything of the strange effect the news contained id hi* morning letter had appeared to have on their host. Each thcught a lady must have something to do with it. T«t. to all outward appearance, they were a jovial party that started for the day's sport. They were joined by Mr. Benjamin Rc3sst tho next lodge gate, which opened on to a winding road leading up to* a high-lying moor to which the sportsmon were" bound. He knew most of the gentlemen, and was always a welcome addition to a pleasure party. He had also heard the same pfece of news that had so dismayed Captain Montgomery, bet with $ very different feeling. Mrs. Res? had indeed been so overcome by the sudden ness of her son's marriage that he could only console her by telling her if be had been in Hugh's plaoe he would have acted in tho same But he coaid nut pe rsuade His wife to 1st Hio take little Ben with him, for she said, with tears in her eye» that as she had ion her Hugh she could not trust her little Ben out cf her sight, bat she would take him herself when they had their shooting party. The path was rather narrow, only wide enough for two to walk comfortably side by aide. By chance Colonel Blunt* got Mr, Boss for a companion. 44 If Mr. Hoas does not mind he and I will corns quietly on, Montgomery; as 1 have nsver quite got ever the spear wound in my thigh that it pleased that aajk-sKcaed war rior to give me." 441 thall be very pleased to walk on quietly, as I am not quite a bar now," said : Mr. Boss laughing and showing his white j teeth. of which many a young man would ■ hare felt proud. ! | 44 "Where is your brother, 8:r Gerald® I; j don*t remember a twelfth "of August without! ! ectdnar him here," asked Colonel Blunt. i •4 He is up in town, bat I think he will be j at home in a day crtwo," replied hi* com panion. ^ | '• And your pretty nieces—are they married, yat r" ; Mr. Benjamin Ross thought for 2 uiiunto and then said : <4Oae of them i*." 4,Xot tho one Montgomery admires so much? I mean Miss Glen." ! •l Yes 1" said Mr. Ro«*, 44 it U Glen.** j 44 Then that accounts fcr Montgomery iumicc so pale at breakfast. He aid he had i received a piece cf news that he could r.ot jbeHeve. I urn afraid he is rather hard Lit, I p>cr old fellow I Bat you have not yes tola I me who your r.ew nephew i«.,? | Mr. Boss laughed, saying he was a near [relation cf his, and he darsd tosay the colonel' :»s who it was. 44Gar. i: be year handsome stepson? I otired he was net with vcu." askea Colonel j rduuT. I 44 Te=. he is the happy man*. And I am | rc«ll v glad ho ha* get rj'r-h a good wife. He 'and I ire sre&S; frttsda." i ••WfU.'BvSf. a gcvra wife is s crtat l;;« • isg.'as you and I ku.-w. Andftrnst that 'cur ha*r will have better !stk the ccit thse." in?y had new get on the rnocr, tad the dar's ajcr: began. Brine time the luu'nesa baskets wepe opened. CiUtain Montgcmtrr had quita recover^ hi? composure. The party Ltd ase-zm'sled ca s worded knclL where thtr were sheltered from tho sun. it was a glorious day. the sun lighiug up the long stretch of purple heather that lay ut their feet. \ 44 Montgomery looks betternow that he has had a tramp 'through tho heather." said Colonel Blunt, as ho sat enjoying bis cold roast beef en the same mossy hillock as Major IJaton. 411 can assure you. Linton, I was so startled when I looked up and saw hici so pale that I could not eat ray usual breakfast; so I feel very peckish now. After lunch I have get a pieco of news to tell you; but wait until we ere ont of ear-shot." 44 Montgomery is a very good sort of fellow. I am sorry he Lk6 heard anything to annoy him, but in this world we can t have it ail our own way." ! 41 No, Linton, when you get married you will have to be content with very little of your own way," said Colonel Blunt in a serious Toice. Major Linton laughed. 44 Ah 1" he said, 44 if I could get a good wife like Mrs. Blunt I would not mind giving in a little." It was not until their return walk home that the opportunity came to Colonel Blunt to tell his inena the piece of news he bad promised him.* By this time the colonel was very tired, and was glad to go dowlv along a narrow foot track amende the heather. And so Major Linton, who was anxious to hear the news his friend had to impart, offered to | accompany him, whilst the reet of tho party j went n longer way round, still wishing to add ro ihe weight of their bag*. 141 have had to k-ep the piece of news all cay, Union. But the chance of telling it has | come at last." * j <4I feel very curious to hear it," said | Major Linton. 44 You remember when we were here in the' spring for a fe\r days* tishing, I remarked to I von I thought Montgomery seemed to admire lliss Glen Boss very much. I daresay you have not forgotten her. She is the hand earnest of Sir Gerald Ross's nieces—those nice girls wc met at a lunchecr. party at his house." 4* Oh, yes! I remember her very well. I would have lost my heart to her. only I saw our host bed lost hi? to her already." 41 Well. Mr. Ro>* told me this morning that she is married to Hugh Bevan. his stepson": and he stems very pleased with tho match." •• I am surprised/* answered Major Linton. •' But leave it to a woman to keep a thing quiet when she like?. Then you tnink that was the reason Montgomery looked so blue this morning: •* I have no doubt of it/' said the colonel. Ana he stood still, partly to give emphasis to his words and at the same time to rest his wounded leg. •' By Jove, if I had been her I would not have lest the chance of being the mistress cf Heath Cliff for the son of a Glasgow linen draper. Not that I don't admire the man of the rard-measare for the cleverness ho displays in the war bv which he coaxes the money out of the ladies' pockets/' and he laughed. ''"Well, I admire the girl for marrying the man she liked best/' said the major, who was of a romantic turn of mind. "At the same time I don't say that the fact of being rich docs not bring a kica.of h&ppineea; with it; but whether it is of a lasting land I have not yet made up ray mind." "Well, I would not bo led away by the ! charms of a penniless la«s, if I were you, listen/* and the colonel laughed, as he remembered the comfortable addition to his income his wife had brought him. The day had been a tiring one to Captain Montgomery, as he bed really been as fond of Glen as it was possible for him to be of anyone. His was a nature that liked to be beloved, but still loved himself mere than anyone else in the world: which is. without doubt, a very common failing cf frail humanity. His friends like him, he was an amusing conversationalist, and au excellent host. Still with nil las good qualities he wculd not be missed like many a-poorer but more unselnsu man, when he was no longer an actor on life's stuire. At last Heath Cliff was still, on the night of this day that had brought mch a disap pointment to its master, and the only light that was visible was in the library/where Csptain Montgomery was sitting writing an answer to Sir Gerald's letter. It was charac teristic o? the writer, and ran thus: "Dear Eoi»,—I sympathise with you cr.-atly on the sad mesalliance cf your niece. I have often told yon that I admired her greatly, hut I hare now lost tny chance, and I blame myself tor not having some time 'ago asked her to stare ray fortunes. But it is too late to think of this sow. Still I think if she had known it she never would have married out of her statics, as she has unwisely done. However, as she has cacsen to do a?, I wish her every happiness. I am Terr glad Hisa Eettr is with you. and trust that vou will bring her back with you to Ross House. I feci sure Miss Betty is a cirl who will make vcur heme happy/ I shall be glad to «e you back again. There were many inquiries mace after you yesterday. ••Tours very ancerdr. •'Assroxa MoirrGvXZST.*' Having closed his letter, he sat thinking a while. It was a severe blow to his vanity that a man of "no position** bed won the I girl that he had aztd'upcu. I 