CHILDREN'S ODJD REPLIES S YOUnGscErs appear to mix up their history a good deal, and occasionally make odd blunders about physical geography. A younghopeoful said that the surface of the earth consists of land and water. "What then," asked the teacher, "do land and water make?" "Mud," was the instant rejoinder. A volcano has been described as "a large mountain with a hole at the top and a fireplace at the bottom; and a " bar is a piece of iron acroes a river mouth. It prevents navigation and has to be cub through with a steam edge." It was a boy who made the last remark, but girls can be just as funny as boys. The members of agirls' class were asked a few questions. One was qnestioned as to what was meant by "bearing false witness against your neighour ?' "It was," said she, "when nobody did nothing and some body went and told of it." Another was asked bow beef tea was made, and she replied, " Buy a tin of beef extract and follw the directions on the lid." " What are warmth-producing foods "' a third girl was asked. The reply was ""Cayenne pepper and Jamaica ginger. An old gentleman asked his nephew on' his twelfth birthday how he liked going to school "Ilike going well enough.," was the boy's douhtess perfectly- truthful reply, "hout I don't at all like staying when I getthere." S" What would have happened if Henry IV. of'France had not been murdered ?" asked a teacher of a sharp-looking boy. The prompt replywas, "He would probably have died a natural death." In a Sunday school, " What did the Israelites do when they came outof the Red Sea 1' drew forth theo cswer. "They dried themselves." Where was Bishop Latimer burned to death ' was immediately answered. "In thed re." A boy-wo as aked the difference between a fort and a fortess. He nicely defined them: "A fort is a place to put men in, and a fortress a place to put women in." On being asked what the chief end of man was, another boy, without any hesitation, said, "The end what's got his head on." The following are twelve gems culled from recent examination papers: Esau was a man who wrote fables, and who sold the copyright to a publisher fora bottle of potash. Titus was a Roman emperor, supposed to have written the "Epistle of the Hebrews." His other name was 0ates. . Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for his interference in Ireland. When he was in prison he wrote "The ilgrm's Pgress," and married a lhdy -:alled Mrs. O'Shea. Waolsey was a famous general who fought 'in the Crimean war, and who, after being decapitated several limes, said to Cromwell, "Ah, if Ihad only served you as you have served me, I would not have been deserted in my old age." Wesley was the founder of the Wesleyan -hapel, who was afterwards called Lord Wellington. A monument was erected to him in Hyde Park, but it has been taken :own lately; Hamlet was weak-minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his luty, which the ghost had told him. He caes very good to his mother. He pro lanes madness, he really only puts it on, but some people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting, the king asked hima if he would have something to drink, nnd he had putpoieon in it and Hamlet said he would wait the queen, took it and then she falls down dead. Hamlet immediately stabh his father and drinks the poison and dies. A young girl, asked what should be done n the event of her drecs catcl.ig fire, replied, "Borrow-your friend's cloak." 