LAST NIGHTS FEDE RATION MEETINGS. MR. BABTON IF IIS ? ELEC l'OBATE. ? ? v A MEETING LAPSED. ANOTHER ONLY FA^BLY | attended. ENTHUSIASM AT KEMlPSEY. j (From Our Own Correspondent) KEMPSEY, Saturday NJ^ht. Mr. Barton landed, at Trial Bay at 4 o'clock this morning. The Kinchela meet ing lapsed owing to bad arrangements. The i Gladstone meeting was only fairly attended. Mr. Connors, J.P., occupied the chair. Tne vote was unanimous in favor oi me rum. Mr. Barton was driven to Kempsey, ana arrived at 7 in the evening. He was to corned by the Mayor &nd; a number of tine principal residents. Ho addressed a crowded meeting in the Theatre Royal-. Mayor Trees was in the chair. The recep tion was enthusiastic. Mr. Barton was cheered again and again. He spoke for two hours, and was loudly applauded. Mr. Barton dealt with the amendments, and pointed out that the loss to Sydney of the Federal Capital would really be to her advantage commercially, as she had re sources for industries so close. The conces sion to Melbourne as the temporary Capital this colony could afford, a? it would only be for a few years, and the' Capital would be here for all time. , Mr. Barton criticise.d the propositions and deductions of Dr. MacLaurin, and ^lso bia figures, most satirically, illustrating by amusing anecdotes the folly of overestimat ing or underestimating income or expencU turo unknown at present, and which might be altered in a variety cf ways, whl^h he de tailed. The truth was that the Bill was too liberal for Tories; hence they attacked the financial clauses, hoping to frighten voters with ghosts of heavy taxation. _ He pointed out that Dr. MacLaurin s own estimates of the Federal taxation was 5s 5d per head less than tho Dibbs itarift of 1892. Mr. Barton concluded with a strong per oration, .asking all to vote on the 20th or June for the Bill. He also called for a vote, and only two hands were held up against. Mr Marraek proposed, and Mr. A. Verge seconded, a vote of thanks, which was car ried v. ith cl-oers. ? Cheers for Federation, the Mayor, and the Queen, concluded a meeting equally as en thusiastic as that of the night before Mr. Barton's election. 