AMERICAN ELOQUENCE. i A man on his trial for nurder, in New York, was successfully defended by his counsel in the following grandiloquent speech . Gentlemen of the jury, "Thou shalt not kill_' Now, if you hang my client, you trans gress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose's egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, wtether com mitted by twelve jurymen or an humble indiv idual like my client. Gentlemen, I do not deny the fact of my client having killed a man. No such thing, gentlemen. You may bring the prisoner in guilty, the hangman may do his duty-but will that excuse you ? No: in that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped :oa his brow to-day ?-who, freemen ?-who in this land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I will pledge my own word not one of you has bowie knife. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the fdmes of cigars and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience; but hang my un fortunate client and the scaly alligators of re morse will gallop through the internal principles of our animal viscera until the spinal vertebrae? of your anatomical construction is turned into a gigantic railroad for the grim and gory gobli?s of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing murder! Beware, I say, of meddling wtthe Eternal Prerogative I C-entlemcn, I asdjure you,. by the manumltted ghost of temporary anctity, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murdler, I adjure you by the American EagLe, that whipped the universal gamecock of crea tion, and is now roosting in the magnetic tele graph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do ino murder! And, lastly, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you, if yeu ever ex pect to wear boots made of the free hide of the Rocky Mountain buffalo, and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but sneaking law-flung, rascally, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down into indistinetibility_. acquit my elient, and save your country. The prisoner was acquitted. 