IPioveUst. Tie Secret Ckamber ; on, THE GIPSY'S VENGEANCE. By Ellxa A. Blipity, Author of "The Outlaw's Bruit," " The White Terror, 6-y., &c.; CHAPTER XXVII, — (Continued.) Ethol a foars bepnn to communicate thomsolvos to thoso around her, when tho bustlo of an arrival was hoard. In a few moments, Gerald, glowing with health and happiness, ontored tho room m wnioh the family was gathered, nccoin pamed by his friend, Edmund Bertie, who soon found his way to tho sido of Alice, and tho blushing recaption sho gave htm showed that tho prepossession on her side was at least as strong as on his. Gomld olnnpod his botrothod to his manly hoatt, and whispered : "Hover moro to port, my dearest ii u ow raoro ll0"rs, and you will ba mino by tho most sacred o£ all tioa." Sho raised her eyes to his, in whioh love and trust wore mirrored, and replied in tlio aame tono : Yes, forever yours— yours in heart and suul. Oh 1 Gerald, nothing can part ub now. 1 1 Suddenly Ethel romombered tho strango colloquy bIio had hold througli the win dow, and sho drew Gerald uaide, and asked « u ®4..yu. m00' a mossongor who' onmo hither in a mysterious manner to soe you? I accidentally saw him through tho window, and apoko with him." 'That was a singular proceeding on nucha night as this, I have not soon any one on the road. Did ho say ho would seek mo ?" "Yes, Ho said his mossago was of such importanco that he must go on tho road to moot you." . "Tho inclemency of tho night must, then, have driven him to sook shelter boforo wo canto along. His nows could not havo booh of muoh importance, or Ito would not havo fatlod to deliver it. 14 Porliaps not; but ho soomod vory much in onrnost." , Gerald mused a moment and thon- said : 44 It must have coucorned himself, thon, fori nm oxpeoting no -nows that can mar tho perfect happiness of this joy ful reunion, Doar Etiiol, I h'avo labored for you, and Hoavon has bleBsod my ex ertions. I hold in my grasp the fruition of long yoars of toil, and all I have now to do is to enjoy tlio supreme happiness L havo won with a thankful heart to tho Liver of all good. Tho settlements are completed, and to-morrow wo will bo rmtfriud. Tiius tho blessed Christmas season will bo twice hallowed to mo." Ethel would havo potitioned for a de lay of a few days, but Gerald reminded her tlmt he had already submitted to many ; tlmt hor trousseau was prepared, and everything in readiness, and whore rero dofor tholr union for. a single day V Llio finally yioldud, and ho announcod to (ho groups around tho fire thnt tho Christinas. belts would also ring tho peal fur their marriage. Thoy. received- tho heaiiy congratulations of their friends, and Gerald wunt out among tho ionants, nml after informing thorn of tlib ap- jirnachiug curoniuny, roqiiostcd their pro- nunoe at the paruh chnrch.on tlio follow ing morning. Boon aftoi thoy uisporsod to tholr I mima, aud Gerald relumed to tho room in which thn family was collected, whoro l.o funnel a cnay uuppnr scrvci!, with tho ccompamraents of egg nog and mullod vnu. Tli bow la that contained thorn- wore wreathed with mwtletoo, and when tho u orry meal was omlo-l. Alios tool: the v reath from «ro of thoin. and, pUc V? .on EtheJ'a head, cimntai' aomc Id' shymos which lud ctruck hor fancy " 0 Ohnultan Kvo tbo belle wero rung ; On Ohrietmts lire tho mssd was oudc : That only night in &U; the ysse naw tho etolcd rriot Rio ahlica rear : The damsel lioancd hor kirtle sheen : The hall was drcod with holly green ; Forth to idi woods did merry men go. To g&ttmr; in the mistletoe ; The: opim d wido the baron's hall To vasa«l, tvoant, eert, and all," " Wo havo oarrlod out tho programmo rrotty well, Ethol. considering that wo lv» in such d'genorato times j and now tlmt wo may act out our own nonsense, ith no strnngere to critioiso us, I wish to indulge a fantasy of my own." 44 What is it? ' asked Gerald, lauahina. 44 You mny be sure of an appreciative audionco. Alico wont on with smiling gravity : " I'ho nnmo by which thie plant is known in Germany is tier miatel, and tho poopln of Holstcin call it tho brancli of tho speotros. . Thoy boliovo that if n per son has uorvo enough to hold n bunch of mistlotoQ firmly in tho hand, and invoka thokpirit of tho dead, ho will soo tho ono of whom he thinks arise boforo him. if ho wills to do so, ho can speak with tho spectre," 44 But, my dear Alico," said hor fathor, 44 this seems lo me n silly tampering with things too solemn to bo lightly regarded. Bcsidos, It is most unsuitable to the fes tival wo havo just oolobrntcd. Do not attempt such a thing to night, or indeed on any other night, lest you might got frightoncd at your fancies." 4< Dear fathor, I have sot my hoart on trying it now, so do not oppose mo. Ono would think that you really boliovo in ghosts. I do not, so you may safoly lot mo verify tho Gorman supersti tion." Alico soldom failod to carry out what- ovor bIio uudortook, and, after some hard persuasion, her father consoutod tlmt tho trial might ho mado. Sho said : 14 1 havo prepared an Invocation whioli will undoubtedly I ring tho airy phan toms around us, if thoro is any truth in tho belief." Tlio placed horsolf in tho centre of tho. floor grasped a branch of tho mistle toe, and, assuming a tragic, air, com menced : " Spirits oMfae vasty deep, On tho wings of night now sweep; Gome with storm, eome through air, And answer to my earnest prayer ; If tho dead may rise to light, Corns and speak with me to-night." There was a mystio silence, only inter rupted by the sound of tho rising wind sweeping against tho walls of the houso. After a pauso of sovoral moments, Alico throw aBido hor trugio air,- and aaid, in a disappointed tone : " I ain not spiritual enough to have tho weird vision revealed to me ; but you, Ethel, can porhnpB try it with bettor success. Como, priestess, you aro al ready crowned with tho Druidical wreath, and you shall take my place." With playful force sho drew her friend forward, and, unwilling to rofuso hor re quest, Ethel pormittcd tho branch of mistletoo to bo thrust in hor hand, and in hor turn sho ropeatod tho invoca tion. Hor faco wna turned toward tho door, which oponod in tho hall, and while sho repeated the invocation lier oyes bccamp fastened to it, as sho saw it begin slowly to unclose. A figure appeared- in tho open space tlmt curdlod the life-blood around her heart, and frozo hor lips into silence. A tail man, wearing a light-colored overcoat, mudo. whito by tho snow that had fallen on it ; his long, fair hair bonded with the same fleecy flukes, fell 111 dis order upon his shoulders, beneath which was soon a faco as pallid as that of any ghost. Ho spoke in a tono of hollow mockery: " You have balled mo, and lol I como." A cry escaped Mrs. Digby, and she ox- claimed : "It is Vornor 1 You havo summoned him from tho realms of tho dead. Drop that branch, that ho may forever vanish." ' 44 That is easier said than done," said Vemor in his natural voico, as ho strodo forward and confronted tho group. "I am no 'goblin-damned,' but a flush and blood entity, which I can well boliovo you would all bo glad" to drive baok into tho roalmB of ovorlasting no thinguoBS/ But I am horo, and huvo como to olniiu my own from him who lias un lawfully seized upon it.V For a mornont Gerald stood frozen in to silonco by this terrible interruption to their mirth. But ho was aroused from his immobility by a faint ory from Ethel, and sho foil insonsihlo in his out stretched arms. As thoy folded around hor, the wretched conviction camo to him that another person possessed tho right to stand botwoou himself nnd hor ho had deemed so entirely his own. Ilo stifled tho deep groan "of agony tlmt arose in his tortured sou), nnd oiidcnvorud to restore animation (o EthcP&y; sprink ling wutor from .tho tablo over iter ttintii- mato. features. Vernor mado a stop toward him/ and hoarsely said : " Unhand that lady, sir 1 Lot my aunt minister to her, for I do not choose my wifo to lio thus in tlio arms of another man. - I am too frozen to touch hor my self or I would tear hor from your defiling grasp." lie had drawn near tho fire, the others shrinking away from him ns if thoy still regarded hint ns a supernatural presence, and was attempting to thaw his chilled hands over tho blazing fire. Gerald cast upon him a glanco of dolinnco, and sternly said: 44 This lady need not becomo an object of contention botwoou us. Hor own de cision shall govorn both of us as to which ono sho will profor ns her future hus band." 44 1 comprehend that ruso," replied Vernor, with a contemptuous curl of his haughty lip. 44 You think yourself se cure of getting it in your favor, but tho law gives hor to me, nnd 1 defy you or nnyono else to invalidate my claim.1' 44 You resigned hor long ago to mo. I thought you dead, or I should havo plaocd hor fato beyond your con trol." 41 But you soo that I am not dead, nnd you havo failed to accomplish tlmt neces sary duty. Sinco you nogloctcd it, 1 shall avail myself of ovory right I still possess over tlmt girl, who offers a pretty wel come to hor long-absont husband, by fainting whon ho appoars in hor pro- sonco.1 . " Do nob dare to call yourself hor hus band, for in the sight of God you aro not —you never havo beon that! You sacrificed her onco to your desire for tho wealth sho inherited, and you havo now returned to force her odio>us bonds upon hor because she again has fortune to bo- stow upon you." Mrs. Digby, with trembling hands, had boon bathing tho brow of Ethel, who nuw unol'isod hor oyes, looked around, and Booing Vernor buried hor faco in Gerald's bosom, while sho murmured : " It is truo, then ! It was no phnntom! Tako mo away — hold mo fast— Gerald, for I will oling to you ovon in death it self !" Vornor strodo toward her, and mock- incly said : «So-o — my lady bride will not even look upon hor long-absent ono. I can well imagine the vigils you havo hold— tears you havo wept ovor my supposed fato— my protty Ethol, and if thoy havo dimmed your bonuty I can forgivo it. Lot mo look upon your faco, that I may jdgoif it is muoh changed since wo last mot," Ethel raised hor hand as i£ to deprecate a nearer approaoh, and turning her color less faco toward him, she said : 44 Loavo mo forovor, I implore you 1 Tako my fortune, tako overythinglolaim, but leave me froo to walk my path of life : without your companionship. You nover loved me ; you gave mo up yoursolf, and I call ou you to redeem your plighted word." 44 On my soul, if it wore possible to oltiim your wealth without the enoum- branco, I would take you at your word," ho fiorcoly rejoined. 44 But so important a porsonago as Lady Olifton eannob so oasily renounce hor hereditary estates in favor of another. ..Only as your husband con I hold thorn, and as such L intend- to onjoy thom. Loose your hold on that man ; conse to eling to him, or my passion may pnsa tho bounds of,freodom." Ethol relaxed hor grip on Gorald's arm, stood uprigiit before him, and a faint shade of color swopt ovor her palo face as sho spoko with dignity : 44I oboy you, sinco tho right to command mo is still unfortunately yours ; but honr mo til my turn. No earthly power shall over compol mo to livo with you as your wifo. You may, for a season, stand botweon mo and tho man I lovo, but I shall find means to break Iba wicked bot'idB in which you bound mo whilo I wns yet too'young to comprehend how odious thoy might bncomo. You never loved mo ; - my fortune was all you sought in gaining my hand, and tlio woalth I now posscB shall yet purchase freedom for mo from your oruol power." 44 It might, porhaps, if X permitted you to uso it for that purpoao ; but I shall tako good caro not to do so. Tho laws of England givo a man absoluto control over his wifo, and I advise you to submit to tho fato that is inevitable. Almost by a miraolo I escaped shipwreck in which you thought I had perished. Tho letters I wroto you wcro novor received, it seems j or thoy mny liavo boon suppressed. Ho who sought to supersede mo in my family inheritance, mid also in your affections, can doubtless give an account of thom." He fixed his oyoB insolently on Gorald, who proudly replied : 44 My whole courso in life refutes such an absurd charge ; neither do 1 believe that suoli letters have ever been written. Where havo you been during nil thoso years I" Vornor dared not namo tho placo of his lato residence, nml ho aaid : 44 1 was picked up by a ship bound to Virginia. Whon tho nows of tho revolu tion in tho country reached thore, I iminodintoly embarked for my nativo homo. On lauding nt Lyno, I learned tbat you had usurpod my titlo and for-' tune, nnd that my brido was also about to bostotv her baud upon you. I hurried hither to put a stop to such proceedings nnd now, Sir Gorald Mothurn, I domnnd the restitution of my wifo and estate." 44 On tho last you lrnvo 110 legal claim, for tho property of my uncle has becomo mino by purchase Tho titlo has also beon bestowed on 1110 forservices rendered to tho presont king ; but I waive my right to bear it if you chnoso to nssumo a barren distinction unsupported by tlio wenlth that can only render it respectable. Ae to Ethel, she hns declared hor resolution not to bo claimed by you. I will main tain her right to do so at any cost." Tbo rest of tho group lmd listened in appalled sileiicetothispassioimto colloquy; but Mr. Digby here interposed ; '4 It is useless to recriminate thus. Mrs. Digby, remove Ethol to hor chamber for sho scums scarcely able to sustain her self. Go vith them, Alico, and Bond a servant to conduct Mr. Ilertio to his chamber. Gomld and myself will talk with Vernor, and endeavour to bring him ta a more reasonable framo of mind." Vornor stepped forward and attempted to lake Ethel's hand in his; but sho shrank uwny, saying : 44 No— no — nover shall my hand bp clasped in yours again. You resigned it to him to whom it is now plighted, and my hoart ratifies tho contract." A dark frown gathorod on his brow and ho said, through his closed tooth : 44 Wo shall soo who shall bo tho winner. I play for a great stake, and tho opposi tion of a feeble woman shall not mar my gamo. I givo you this night to refleot upon your position and ninko up your mind to your inevitable fate. Ethol Mothurn, I claim your allogiauco as my lawful wife, aud, mark mo, it shall he rendered" Ethel Becmcd on tho vorgo of fainting again, and Mrs. Digby hastily drew her aside. Tho threo ladicB left tho room togothor, Alios almost sustaining tho sinking form of hor friond, whoso strength was exhausted by tho violent omotions of the last few moments. When in her own clmmbor she wept upon tho bosom of her adopted mother, nnd wildly asked it it \vould bo possible for Vernor to fovco hor to livo with him as his wifo. 4 Calm your agitntion, my love," said Mrs. Digby, soothingly. 44 Vernor assumes a high tono, but ho muBt feel the wonkness of his cause. He cannot compel you to return to him. It will tako time to obtain a divorce, bub no English jury will refuso a vordict in your favor, whon tho facts of tho oase ore fairly sot before thom. " 44 But Vernor mny attempt to avongo on Gorald tho preference I feci for him. Oh 1 aunty, ho looks so eavago, so rcvongoful, tlmt my hoart dies withiu ino when I think of hini." 44 My ann can protect himself, Ethel ; havo no fonrs for him. Bad us I am afraid Vernor is, lie will . attempt ho violence toward his coubiii. Ho has too tender a care for his ofru safoty, you may bo sure." TIiub reasoned, Ethel becatno moro composed, but for hor aobing' heart there was 110 repose during tho long hours of that wiutchc'd night. Tho light of that day, whioh wns to havo witnessed hor espousals to tho man sho adored, foil upon hor wan and wretched, fearful of tlio evil inlluonco which had darkened her lifo and h&lf-brokcn; her honvt. Sho was too ill and miserable to descend to breakfast, and Alico camo in to share tho repast which wns served in her own apartment. Sho cndoivored to choer tho sinking spirits of her friond, but sho bad as yot no fnvorablo nows to com municate. | CHAPTER XXyill, TKKNOR DISMAYED, Vainly did Mr. Digby ondeavsr te mciliato botweon tho two cousins. Vornor pertinaciously ndhorod to his domnnds, and declared thnt tho full and amnio restitution of his fortune, together with tho surrender of Ethol, were tho only torms to whioh ho would listen. Several days wero consumed in fruit less negotiation, during which Ethol confined horsolf to her own npartuiont, nnd steadily refused to reooivo the intruder. Vernor assumed tho command of tlp house as its lawful mnsior, and tho servants learned to tholr dismay that tho wodding of their lady would not tako place, as tho formor husband, long sup posed, dead, had returned to assert his prior claim to her. Gorald was almost in dospair at tho firmunsB of Vernor, whon a lottor from Lymo was delivered to him which changed tho aspect of affairs in his favor. It was directed iu tho crampod hand of ono not muoh nccustoniod to writing, and, 011 opening it, ho found thoso linos Sill GEllAUD M i:t 11 u UN — Honored Sir .— I writo this to let you know of n discovery I have mado which, may be important to you. Three days ago a ship went ashore near this place ; the people oa board were saved, - and one of the pnsscngsrs wcro brought to Jessie Lithgow's whoro I lodge. Sho is a young and beautiful woman, I can see, nlthough she has been sick almost unto death sinco her arrival here. During her illness her wild ravings informed mo of soma tacts thnt bear upon tbo history of youi- cousin, Vernor Mctburd, who I nm awaro is now in England. I know 'much of Vcrnor's former lifo, and when his first nnmo fell so often from her lips I listened to her wonts with interest. I sought far n confirmation of my suspicions, and found a letter concealed in tho dress she wore when sho was brought hither, which proved to me tbat I was right in my con jectures. 1 inclose you a copy of that lottor, ns I dared not remove tue original. You can judge for yourself if the facts it conminscnn be of any uso to you nt thie'erisis. He hns married a second wifo while his first-one is yet living, and this poor girl has followed him to demand such redress ns the law may afford. Four nights ago Vornor Metburn was in this plnce, and by this time be is un doubtedly at Gllffden. I know tbo Lady Etiiel wns soon to marry you, 'and the infor mation I send may enable you to deal with your Adversary on raoro equal tcrmB." You may rely on tho truth of this stntemont from a friend, although my name is riot signed to it. ' M. V. Below this woe copied tho lottor Vornor had written to Sylvio, and Gerald no sooner glanced ovor it than ho saw from internal evidence tlmt his 'cousin must havo boon tbo author of tho original. The dnto also confirmed his auspicious that Vornor had not told tho truth as to tho placo of his rufugo during tho yoars of his absence. In a tumult of fooling he sought Mr. Digby, and laid tbo important missive be fore him. He read it carefully, and thou said : 44 This places Vemor at your morey. Tho woman ho has thus wronged will cx- poso bis treachery, and to avoid a prosecution for bigamy ho will be com pelled to ily from the country. - A delay of a few months will enable you to claim your brido, for noiv all legal difficulties to a divorco iqust vanish before tlio proofs you can bring forward of his uttor want of principle and fueling Let us souk nn intorviow with him, and show, him tho critical position in which he stands." Vernor wns walking on the sea-bunch, but in a abort time ho camo up nnd- re turned to tho house. Gorald met him in the hall, nnd requested a private conver sation in tho library. 44 Our interviews lond to so little thnt is satisfactory that it seems useless to hold thom," he said, with n Biicer; 41 but I will not refuse your request." 44 This ono at least wilt , bo moro decisive," wos tho significant reply ; 44 1 have something of importance to com municate to you which will probably ohango your plan of action." 44 1 fancy not ; but wo shall see," and ho indolently followed his cousin, and threw himsolf in n chair in front, of tbo fire. Mr. Digby was seatod beside tbo library tablo, and Gerald carefully clos<d thu door of tho room. Vernor haughtily said : 44 You tako many precautions which aro now. uselcss, for overy servant in this houso knows who I nm and why I ltnvo como hither. They also bogin to compre hend tlmt I intend to maintain tbo foot ing I havo gained hero as tho lawful master of tho domnin." 44I am quito well nwnro of that ; but they do not know what I am about to communicate to you. It hns beon known , to myself only within tho last hour, and 1 warn you that it will bo a terrible blow to you." 41 Lot it fall, then," wns tbo reckless rejoinder. 44 1 am prepared for anything you can havo to tell ipe." 14 1 think you nro soarocly prepared for this. How long is'it sinco you left Bur- badooB and deserted tlio woman to whom you wore united thcro ? I nm aware that you havo never been in Virginia: . that tho yoars of your oxile were spent in tlio West Indies." Ae Vernor listonod his checks blanched. Ho visibly trembled, though ho faltered : 44 lb is false 1 No woman has n logal elaim to tno save Ethel. Why should vou presumo to doubt iny word as to tho placo of my oxile?" 4< I doubt it because it, is satisfactorily proved to mo that you havo novor been in Virginia. The woman you lntoly deserted is already in England in pursuit of' you, and by this timo the cluo to your identity is furnished to hor, though you wodtlud her only under your baptismal nnmo ?" He looked fixedly on the changing face of tho listener, and if confirmation bad been needed, the agitation of Vo nor supplied it. Ho faintly gasped : 44 Sylvio in England! Sylvio on my track 1 then I am indeed undone 1" Aftor a moment of perturbed thought, he passionately asked : 44 Who lias told you this ? What proof lmvo you of what you assert?" Gorald offered him tho lottor of tho gipsy, and calmly aaid : 44 Road thnt, nnd bco thnt -you aro no longer safo in this country." (To be Continual.) V When the grave-digger was asked how ho found life, he replied that he diiln't s:o much of it around where lie worked. Soptleigh : 44 Miss Fly to, do you think Miss Giggle is laughing at me ?" Miss Fl> to : 44 1 can't say, Mr.; Suftlcigb. - She often laughs at almost nothing." 