ST. AUGUSTINE'S PARISH HALL. I Layino the Foundation Stone. ' An event looked forward ..to for many long years was happily accomp'ished on Wednesday afternoon last, whoo the founda 'tton-stone of the Parish Hall at Bulli was formally laid by his Graco the Archbishop of Sydney (Dr. Samnnr;? Smith) in the presence it a large' and , representative cUheriner. , THE CERBJfONY, , , Punctu»l:y at, o'clock the- Archbishop :ir;d.the attendant clergv,. the Revs, H, Tate and G. D,ArcyIrvihe(\Vollohgong)jmounted . the platform in their robes of-, office. .Here and there was grouped, the,. /choir of ? tbe church, Miss J5ienij preiiding:at. the organ* .The opening hymn, ' 'All 'people that on-, 'earth do dw.dl' was hoirtily tendered, and was followed hy a prayer read, by the Arch-, bishop. The'84th Paalln, V How amiable ,are thy dwellings, Lord God of Hosts,' fol lowed, together with the lesson proper forthe occasion and the recital of .the Apostles' Cre?d. At the request of .the. rector, Mr. \y. Bart.let.t, .churchwarden, read .the. scroll whioh was , to be placed within the cavi'y. and which, recorded facts, incidental t) the .oeremony and the oost of the building. ? ins rector!s address. ' . ' Bef jre calling on his Grace to lay. the foundati' n-s'one, the rector,, addrotsing . those' present, , said . the need! of. such a building 'had 'been recognised for many .y.eare. ' During his predecessor's time an .'effort was made to collcct money for the hiilK That was somj years ago, and- the ^effort ' wds. successful. But- other and equally^imp'oiative needs had to heat tended^ 'io.'.'siioli as the building 'of the church ut: 'Coirimar, tho sch iol church at Woonona,. e'c. Hence theio was delay in proceeding «ith the wotk of 0 ection. The finances of the.Ti'arish were in a most- heal'hv condition. whi'e the Sunday-sohool had a roll of 150 scholars. 'Hitherto the Sund.iy- school had been held in the church. Jiut it was more expedient and more in keeping with the SMic'ity of tlieir church th^fc even the Sunday-school should be housed elsewhere. He' took that opportunity of thanking his ?Grace ;the Archbishop for his.'kindness in being present that day, and to the parishr ior.e'S and friends for their presence; . He iWDiild' now call* upon- his-'-Gra'ce-to Jay the founda'ion st'-ne. '' ? . ' I. ;? . ^ '? 'Using. a silver trowel, ''his-: Grace; def'.ly ?spread- the mortir, when' -'the Btooei was' ?dropped into its position. :by Mr.;sM(;l!oy,.the c mtractor. In the cavity -were laid: copies: of the district papers, ooins of th'e day, and the ? scroll ;previously alluded- toi Tapping the stone, t he Archbishop: in clear, resonant . tones said; — 'In the faith of '-Christ, and with a prayer for the blesaing 'of God, -I lay this' f iun lationistom of St. 'Augustine's Parish Hntlirt'the name' of ^the Father, the ?Son; and thefHoiy Ghost, Aiiien.' THE ARCHBISHOP'S- ADDRESS. At the conclusion of- a' brief prayer his Grace said that probably he was expected t - make' a few remarks on an occasion like the present. He was very glad to be there for the solemnity they had joined in that after? noon. He was acquainted wi:h the need ?of the hall some years- 'ago during the in cumbency of their: late^rectori and had in a' certain way helped him and he was especir ally— pleased '? that, ''notwithstanding the attention paid to .other matters, they were now in a'poBitiou to undertake tho erection of that hall. In his opinion, there should be in every parish, and particularly in- the country, parishes, such halls as these as near to. 'the site of. the. church. as.poisible;for- the. .carrying on of, Sunday-school and parochial ^work.' He would like to conneot ihe idea of that hajl both with the church work and the Christian fellowship to be maintained. He w.o.uld ask them to listen while he.suggcs'ed ; thoughts cohneo'ed ' with the , lesson they had .heard -read that day in St. Paul's epistle' Lto.the Corinthians : ' Ye are God's build ing.', Now, he thought the figure or word , '.building,' not as a building of brick or '.stone, .but with the idea of building up a living, tjmple of. God. A* d this biiilditig' was not for the purpose of shelter only, but for:. the bulding up of a spiritual temp'e. And if .they remembered that they would remember two things-: They were Gid's building, and could not be bo built withou/ - His Grace and truth.. Or, as anothor writer testified, ' We mutt build ourselves upon God's most holy f-.ith.' ? -And - in the building up a Christ dn community might they, not connect -the idea of growth u _ai ? nu.:- . l ? li_J wiih uumi iiiiugo— ^uria iau lo^cning, .Christian _ work, and Christian- fellowship.'. Christian work meant not^me'rely. simple details,.. but for. each. nnd rail to sse ' in different, places— in -the homes' and the relations of, families ; .the : relation. -to ail thQSe things forking for. Go4 . and each other in Chrittian fellowship ; in that mbre 'w'as-'wanted Tri al! thit related to' the spiritual, the political; und the industrial] ; of the relations as between employer and employee ;the thought cf in'er-dope'udenice, and jo.ining tngethe'r'i'n brotherly kindness ; doing what God had given them t? 'do. In. cirrying their relations' out ihey- would do what Christ wishid them to do and bear ono anothet'd burdena ai d in so doing build up .a spiritual temple. He wished pros perity to .the parish end to- all- those who m:ght make use of that bui'ding; A collection was taken up. the sum of £18 being laid on tha stone. After the singing of the hymu, '? The Churches' one Founda tion,' the . Archbishop pronounced the Benediction and so cl ,sed the proceedings. Among those present we noticed : — Mr. T. Farrell and Mr. W. Bartlett, church wardens, Rev. F.-E. Fletchfr, M.A., Rev. J.; Mrs., and the Mives Dymock, Mrs. Hicks,: Mrs. Bundell. Mr*. Tate, Mr. A.J. Wnlker;' the. Mioses Ziems, Mr. W. Martin, Mrs. T.: Farrell, and many other charch ?workers,' 1 The 'Vector Vead apologies from the Rev. ?H'.-r-Mfc-Taylor, M.A., who enclosed 'a donation, the Rev.- Mr. Stack, and Mr. E Swaine, Stan well Park, who a'so enolosed a donation, Mr,. A. S. Artis, who sent a donation, and Mr. C. Pinning, who also oticl-aed a donation. Mr. H. Fry, senior churchwarden, was unable to be present through illness. ? THE BUILDINfi. When completed, the new hall wilt j present: a nancuomc ana original appearance. The following are. the dimensions, kindly supplied 113 by Mr. Molloy, the contractor . Length, 53 feet ; breadth, 20' feet in the clear inside and 28 feet in tho wide bays ; height, 14 feet of wall, or with roof 24 feet ; platform, 20 x 13. feet. The material to be used is terra cotta hollow bricks on , a foundation of terra ootta, supplied by Mr. Joubert, of the Bulli Ti'o Works. There are three obtrancoi, while light is afforded nine windows. The roof will be of shingle and sloping well down. The bays, of which there are four on either side, will give a picturesque touch to the building, which will somewhat resemble the Swiss in appe'araooe. .The building is to be finished by Oetober, the contract price- being £255 :,10a. ' ' ' '??'??? ' ?? ?' ? 