Pie Creek. (From a Correspondent.) „ The rain that fell during last week will do a great deal of good. The land has received a good soaking, and farming operations can be. carried on vigorously. The late heavy frosts have not done so much harm as I thought they would. The Spring growth of crass has disau peared, but will soon recover after the late rain. The early planted potatoes have pulled through, only a few misses being noticeable, and the crop is now for ward enough to hill up, and will probably be on the market by the end of Septem ber. The early planted maize is above ground and was slightly damaged by the frost, butit is now recovering, and with a fairSpring should be fit for marketby the end of December. A farmer out here sent to a seed merchant in Brisbane for a new variety of maize, said to be very prolific and called the Goldeu King ; it cost nearly £1 per bushel, and it is about the worst sample of grain I ever saw.v A little of the best of it will be tried, and the balance handed over to the chickens. It is a great mistake to use anything but the best cobs for seed. Our main road needs attention badly. At the Pie Creek bridge there is aiTex tremely 'dangerous hole, and it will soon be impossible to get a dray on the bridge ; and a little further on another culvert is blocked with a lagoon of liquid mud — a veritable slough of despond. People can pick out a track and escape the bad places on the road, but they have feo risk the bridge and _, culverts, and seeing that only a small outlay is required, I trust the Board will at once send a couple of men along and attend to the worst places. The controversy on Federation has been very much in evidence. We have had Messrs. Fisher, M.L.A., J. Flood, and Liet-Col: ~ Patterson for, and Mr. Jenkmson, against. Our member appears to be made entirely of opposition timber, but I think our farmers fully realise the danger of being excluded from southern markets. It is not the Democracy of the federal constitution that need trouble us. It is the means of making a successful living, and I am satisfied that both farm ers and timbergetters . must benefit by having tree access to the great southern markets, and which are ever increasing, more especially when' outside States are excluded by a heavy tariff. A circular' has been issued ^ by three shareholders of the ' Gympie Central Butter Factory, with the ap proval of the Chairman, asking sup pliers to become shareholders and thus keep the factory agomg. 1 do not think there is a ghost of a chance of the scheme succeeding, and it would be better to accept the inevitable and let the undertaking pass over to men who under stand their business. The heavy loss reported by the Bundaberg Factory offers but.very little encouragement to suppliers to come in. I think, even, if capital - could be got together, the factory would have -very little cream coming in. One supplier told me he got a difference of nine to the good in cream tests in Bris bane, and a higher price tor Ins cream. The increased value of his product en abled him to pay the wages of au extra man. Other suppliers have told me the same thing, and unless the Gympie factory falls in to the hands of an entirely new management, the supply of cream will not be forthcoming to keep it going, as in every case the suppliers have told me they were forced into a better market, and they were determined to stick to it. I think the long delay in paying the sup pliers at least a portion of their money is most unjustifiable and unnecessary, when the directors have a large sum of money at credit, and lying idle in the bank. August 28th. . [Our correspondent was evidently un aware at the time of writing that the dir ectors had decided to pay, and are now paying the creditors 7s 6d in the £ on account. — G.T.] 