Ci'una. 'Thursdav. ' ' The rain has come at last, and It 'seems ire . real earnest. At 11 a:m. about half-an-incir had fallen, an.d;it-was. still , raining steadily, Withgut. any , sign of ceasing. It looks as though the djrought has at last :broken np. , uc ram ii.ia cumc jugi. in nine to save mosu. of the crops, whicli were just commencing to fail ; of course for some the rain has come too liite, which is a pity, but we'ought'to be thankful for what .we are receiving, and it Bhould put new spirit into the hearts of our despairing settlers. A meeting of the Urana Cricket Club was held in the School of Arts oh Friday last. There were present — Messrs. Carmody, Pye,. Barnett, J. WaTren, Elam (hon. seo.) ,ani others. Tbe meeting was convened for' the purpose of appointing a Selection Committee and considering the advisability of compet ing for the Lockart silver cup, Mr. Pyo moved, Mr, Carmody' seconded,— That Dr. Macknight and the secretary be appointed to attend the meeting of cluba interested in the oiip 'matches at Lockbart. Moved by Mr. Pye, seconded by Mr;- Etam,— That the Selection Committee consist 'of. Dr. Mack night and Messrs. - Carmcidy^ and ; Lowers. The meeting then adjourned. '? During last week Urana showed an im proved aspect in business, reminding u» somewhat of the olden times. Returning' shearers and others made this their place oE recreation and rest. The publicans seemed to do a thriving business, and so far nearly everything has passed oS pleasantly, only few paying the penalties of their follies. The town was kept in a. perfect state of order, for which great credit is due to tho: local-police, who used their authority witb discretion, which was duly appreciated by all. On Saturday last Mr. and Mis. Soton and family, who are about to leave Urana for Qiieanbeyan, were entertained by their friends at a picnic which was held at a nice retired spot on- Batherwah. The day; was rather ' unpleasant, being -cold and windy, but nevertheless the large-company managed to maks the affair a great success, and did full justice^ to -the good things so, liberally provided by the ladies. After' lunch, roun ders, -.swings and other' amusements- served to pass away the time. When afternoon tea had been disposed of, Mr. .Brett, -in his well known felicitous style, voiced the feelings of those present in expressing 'regret- at the departure of Mr. and Mrs. .SetOn and family, -inn in HaToti inn fliorvl 'tiaiiUlt - in their hew home. Other speakers followed, testifying t'o the good qualities of Mr. Seton, bothas a public officer and as a citizen, ' and to the estimation in whioh Mrs, 'Seton is held in; the district. Mr. Seton, in thanking the company for their kindness to hitpaelf and family, as shown by the meeting, and the complimentary remarks made by tho speakers, expressed his regret at leaving tho Urana district, in which he bad re* sided nine yean — the longest period he bad remainod nt any one place. He had always got on well with the people in his official duties, and had made many friends whom he would be sorry to leave behind. On be- I half of Mrs. Seton and the children be thanked them for the uniform kindness which they had experienced- in -Urana. Three cheers having been given to the ghosts the proceedings terminated. . \\. . The furniture aud effects of Mr, Sef'on were submitted at public auction by Messrs. Culley & Co. through Mr. Hacker oh Wed nesday, and strange to'relate, notwithstand ing the bad times complained' of,, drew a large number of buyers.' Keen competition was the order of the day, showing that we - are hot as yet in a state of utter insolvency.. Nearly all the articles were disposed of at highly satisfactory prices. - A small paddock near the town sold at £6 103 per acre. Mr. Seton leaves here in a few days. His ?:?: successor, a Mr. Small, is to arrive before then to take Mb place. It ia t;o be hoped ho will turn up a trump and not a red tapeist. 