A Ghostly Appeni-Aure At Anbarn. excitement in the keigh- BOUttHOOD, Tho' aome sceptiees may deny belief in viaitnnta from another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the beli'-l diet hard. , ti HTJma Mtmer. of LmniDffton. Victoria road, Aulmm, Victoria, has more thfttt once aeeu something re- hcoihiing a ghost— when, for intitance, pho looked in mirror, bo de bilitated was she by many umntW ill- pean, She saya i — 4 I commenced, eouie two venr« a«'»t lo f «! very ill plter returning h-m- fr.mi b hool. I did not feel aiiiKcinkUy unwvll lo take toiny bed, but experienced acourinued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father look tiie to aee a doctor and he said I wm overgrowing my fltreogth, aud I wan not to exert inveelf, As I had no inclination to do bo, there was uo fear nf my dis obeying thio order, and I took the quinine tonic1 given uie, with reg ularity, Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." "We tried every tiling to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Maroer, "but without effect \ then 1 consulted a well-known CoIIidb Street iracliriounr- He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, aud ndvieiJ u change. Her mother took her away far a trip to Queensland, b it ehe returned looking worse. Slie would also vetch on rising iu the morning ; any food Uken could not be kept down. Kbfc lost flesh aud became a mere ghost ' " Thin time la l year," said Mias Alice, "X weighed <st. 3ibs., now 1 urn Pat. 71be ." "A great improvement; your treat ment uiuat have been bcnriicia) ?" "No ; nil the meuiciu I got did me very little good. Actually, Hr "Wiiijania' I'iuk PiMa for Pule People deserve that credit. Jut befoie the Jubilee holidays, father brought uie u box of l)r. Williams' Piuk Pills, a', Mr. Plea6ance'e, Cbapel-at , Pr»lir«n. They did me eo much good Out 1 continued with ibeiu. It is a lunu time since I discontinued taking tkciu, and I am now as healthy 4a anyone could wish." "Aud you would recommend them T "Yea ; aud that strongly, too," said Mr. Marner, "b»d I kuowu of Dr. Williams1 Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pocketa if they act as this young lady did. Dr. "Williams' Piuk Pills, will cure ausemia, weak heart, sleeplessnes", scrofula, consumption, chronic ery- sipelas, debility, indigestion, liver and kiduey diseases, and chest aud lung troubles, pale and sallow complexiou, paralysis, locomotor ataxia, neuralgia, Kt.Viius' dance and nervous headache- and all nervous disorders. They arc sold by cheuiifitH and storekeeper, and by the Dr. Williams Medicine Com pany, c/o ltueke, Touipsitt & Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, at two mid nine a box, orhsix for iil'teeu and three pence, but are genuine only wiib the full name (seven word) Dr. Williams1 Pink Pilln for Pale I'cople, on each box. Thousands have testified to their curative powers. 