BREVITIES. I Oakland Hunt Club Meeting at Moonee Valley to-day.'. The tenders for the purchase of deposit receipts invited by the Footscray Council, of the face value of 9£5291 Os 6d, are to be received up to 4 p.m. next Wednesday. Entries for the Chess Tournament now f being arranged amongst the members of p the Mechanics' Institute, close at 8 o'clock, a next Wednesday evening, at the institute. The staging of " Arrah Na Pogue" by f( the Dagonets, should result in the crowd ing of the R.,yal Hall next Monday evening. The next Friendly Societies' Associa tion Pleasant Sunday Afternoon is to be held on the 25th inst., when Mr J. Hume Cook, M.L.A., is announced to deliver an a address. f The National Scripture Education League will hold a public meeting in a Footscray shortly, with a view of assisting Hon A. Deakin in getting scripture teach ing inserted in the State School curric ulum. " On Wednesday next, at 91 Queen street, Melbourne, Messrs J. Buchan & Co., In I conjunction with Mr W. Gallant, will offer for sale by auction 66 acres of land, situated at Gordon street and Ballarat road. An article is to appear in the July number of The Auaraian Sunday Sthool Teacher entitled, "A New Heart," from the pen of the Rev. H. E. Merriman, of Footsecray, who is a frequent contributor tb that journal. the Wesleyan Mutual Improvement So. ciety has been published, and judging by the items, some pleasant evenings with the Society should be spent during the neit six months, At half-put two this afternoon, Messrs. T. W. & A.. A. Harris will offer two shops with dwellings attached, and a single fronted w.b. house, situated at Buckley street, being an' executor's sale in the estate of the late Mr T. Peters. Dante " The Great," as he is known, performed before a large audience in the Royal Hall on Thursday evening. His conjuring and sleight of hand tricks were wonderfully dexterous. He has a nice manner and keeps his audience con tinually amused. News has come to, hand of the death, by burning, of Albert Daniel Kerr, at Queenstown, Tasmania, on the 12th May. The deceased was well known in Footacray I having been a resident of Maepherson street, WVest Footscray, for many years. Thomas D. Digney, an employe of the I Modern Permanent Building Society, t reports that a quantity of fencing valued at 10s, the property of the Society, was stolen on Monday last from a vacant block of land in Shepherd street, Footecray. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Presbyterian Literary Society, which in the ordinary course of events would be held next Monday evening, will not take f place, owing to the Sunday School Anni i versary Celebrations being held on that evening. t The Melbourne Harbor Trust has I authorised the final payment, £60 7T 7d. to Mr M. Geran, for supply of bluestone spalls for Footecray road ; and the final payment also to Mr J. T. Lord, £50 4s 8d, for supply of spalls for North Wharf roads. The business at the meeting of the Yarraville Branch of the A.N.A., held on : Thursday evening was of an unimportant t nature. One noew membErwas introduced, t and the secretary announced that at the next meeting a euchre tournament is to be held and the balance sheet to be r presented. s The judge, Mr W. T. Moffitt, at the debate tournament on Tuesday evening, advised competitors to endeavor more to refute the arguments brought forward by Muffit added that he considered the debate one of the best he had adjudicated I upon during the tournaments. A meeting of members and supporters of the Foo:sorsy Football Club is to be held at the Mechanics' Institute, on Monday evening, to make arrangements for holding a bazaer for the purpose of d raising funds to assist in wiping off the debt.. It is proposed to hold the bazaar some time in August, and to conduct an art union in connection theroewith. " I did not know that such excellent e debates were held in Footscray, and I am sure if the general public knew how good g they are you would not be allowed to talk a to such slot of empty benehes." Mr D. Warren at the debate tournament on . Tuesday evening. t The adjourned meeting of the ladies in. g tereated in the bazaar that it is proposed a to be held about October to reduce the debt on St..Monica's Presbytery was held it last Wednesday evening. There was a very large attendance, and much interest was taken in the allotment of the various stalls. 'The weekly meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Socity was held last Tues r. day evening. .It being "Magazine e Night," a number of essays were read, e and merited the applause which they re ceived from the large attendance. Mr J. Henry's essay on " Peace," was de clared the best in the special competition Son that subject. nr Gallant st the council meeting on Wednesday evening said that he thought Sthey should congratulate themselves on e the fact that the council was in credit at ,the bank. It was the first time during his term that such had been the case. Other councillors did not agree with the latter statement, but all were of opinion that it was a most satisfactory position to be in. V Paterson's Footsoray Furnishing Co., now of Hopkins street, have made arrange mentls to move into the premises at present occupied by the proprietor of the "Independent,"Nicholson street. Mean. while the Furnishing Company is carry ing on a clearing sale of furniture preparatory to the removal. The " Inde. pendent" is to find new quarters at the Old Post Office, 'Bsrkly street. A lighterman, employed by the MHel. bourne Steamship Company, fell down the hold of a vessel unloading at the Sugar Works last Saturday, and sustained a compound fracture of the leg. Several 1 members of the St. John's Ambulance Slass, who are employed at the works rendered first aid, snd the injured man was conveyed to the Willia.nstown Hospital in the Company's ambulance. Major Reay who lectured at the Wes leyan Church last Sunday, is said to be a most aetire man, and is credited with doing the work of lfive ordinary men. The Major is Editor of the Melbourne Herold, charman of the Anti-sweating League, vice-chairman of the unemployed com mittee st present enquiring int the condition of the working classes in Vic toria, and has his military and numerous minor duties to attend to io addition. The debate tournament is to be con tinued at the Mechanics' Institute next Tuesday evening, the contesstan's eing Ivy Lodge, U.A.O.D., sfll-motive, Fots cray Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., i:etives, subject, "Should the members of the Metropolitan Board of Works be directly elected by the ratepayers 7' Secon I de. bate, "Should all hond in Victoria be Inationalisedl ' the Belgravia Lodge, G.U.O.F.G.. to affirm, and the Yarraville Druids to affirm. During the course of his lecture on Monday evening, the Rev. lI. E. Mersi man referred to the belief in ghosts as an example of human credulity,. but Mr I. Laver, who is always "Agin the Govern ment," made a vigorous defence on behalf of the spooks and averred that many erimes had been detected owing to supernatural visitation. '" Does the Ghost wlk ?.'i San oft repeated query, considered pertinent by some and. positively ,i pertinent by others. 