I STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. ("The Physician" at the Royal. "The Alhainhra Gipr% at the Opera .. ;.House. ; ffl The iliianges this Week are (lot, Many,.' tin; 111 principal hieing Jit th'e;ATlieatre''Il6yai;' where H Die BrolSgli Company to-night s'tagea' "The H PhyslcTanl" by I-Ienry Arthur Jones. At Her' M Mnlcsty's "A Trip to.Chinatown" Is being ear- Ijicd along by the sheer force of Mr. Harry Cliioi"b breezy talent, supported by Mr. Hugh,. Ward, who, as Ben Gay, does- some sound; work, and Miss Allene Crater, who makes an attractive widow. The last matinee is an nounced for 'Wednesday, next. "The ..Belle, of New York" Co.' will reappear for' a' few nights nl tlie'elbse'bf Mr7 Cbhors season n'ext' Satur day, and will be followed by "The King's Mus keteer,'' by the- company from. the -Princess' Melbourne. ' At the Tivoll Clnquevalll is drawing enor mous houses, and as he Is undoubtedly a ge-. ulus In his way the rush Is Justifiable.. . V'trin and Irene, the Valdares, Harry Shine, and the many other artists, help to constitute a strong pill, ' Mr. ' George Dean; favourably known here as a good linger, will reinforce the com pany next. week. .- "The Merciless World" continues1 to 'attract, popular crowds to the Lyceum, where ,lts sen sations are. nightly 'stirring up' the' emotions which melodrama with plenty of blood In lc always does- when -capably acted. The last six nights ui-e, however, 'announced. On Sa turday next a, play new to Australia, entitled -Our Native Home," will be presented- at the 1 Lyceum-. oltMs-Un-flve 'acts, written -by -Mr. Charles W.hitlock. It will be a great produc tion. "New ah'd 'magnificent scenery; specially painted, Includes several realistic scenes, such | as "THe'Dredge at Work," a new mechanical sensation.;- ..vApart -fr?m tly? exciting portion tlieie are some 'exceedingly bright gnd: merry I ' comedy scenes. /'; ;-' . I At the Opera House "The Alhambra Girl" i will be revived to-night. This bright and , sparkling farcical, comedy has not a dull line In It, and should prove as amusing as ever In i the hands of- the company. . j At the Criterion matinees, are given by the 'Afro-American Minstrel Company on Wed nesday and Saturday, when -admission at half-price Is the ruler A grand change of pro gramme Is anpiinced. ,, . "The Physician',"- wlilch'is to be staged at the Royal to-night, was produced at the Lon don Criterion In March, 1897. It had a pros perous run. The plot briefly is as follows: — Dr. Lewln Carey Is, a rising physician ef high authority- In all eased of nerve disorder, and Is suffering, as,, he .complains to his friend Dr. Iirooke'r, . 'from ; all the . fcomplalnts of his patients. He wants to throw up his profes sional position, Ills Work and Ills prospects; he lms found life hollow, and has s-eent through it: lie- is suffering -from an acute attack' of what our forefathers called the vapours. Of course, a woman is at. the bottom of it all, a grass widow, named Lady Valerie Camvillc, who, after a warm and extremely long flirta tion with the doctor, calls upon him. tells him that their Intimate-. association has grown tiresome , to' her,; and' ends by casting him off as carclessfy:as she 'would an old glove. Three months . afterwards, however, we find Dr. Carey,'- whef Was 'gone -down to'- a quiet little country resting-place called Fontlens, fulling equally deep in love with another lady, the youthful -and unsophisticated Edana Htndc,. at whose request he has come to) this peaceful" rStrhat' iri order that he may dldg- nnsn the mysterious 'disease of Walter Ara- phlnl. her bethrothed' lover. This disease proves to /be,' a 'kind of - intermittent dipso mania. andHtS discovery places the physician on the . horns, of a very uncomfortable and even painful, dilemma. . .On the one hand, Ills duty towards .the Innocent Edaria and her gentle old father, the' Rev. Peregrine Hinde, points to. the revelation. of Amphiel's failure, and the consequent bjf aking off of the eon- t'-mplated-.-marrlage.. On; the other -hand the dictates ;q£,ijr6fesslqnar propriety .'and the consciousness that-' he has become Amphiel's . rival raforpe ,BJo-i.;Jiongqrahle -pllonc'e-i . The' , situation 'Is Ihfe resting, arno It is worked with much stagecraft up to the Ingenious episode wberln chance betrays the secret which has been loyally kept by Carey/while doing all In his power to cure Ainphk-I of his morbid tendency. Even then the physician refuses to take advantage; of the knowledge of her lover's unworthlness which Edana has acci dentally-acquired. He takes Amphlel with him on a long voyage, and It Is only when, having broken but again, the wretched drun kard dies of the effects of a debauch that his self-sacrificing ; guardian wood, and wins ;Eduna's admiring affection.. : The .cast of the .characters Includes:— Dr.- Lewln Carey, Mr. Jcseph Carne; Walter Amphlel, Mr. W.- T. Lovell; Reverend: Peregrine Hinde, Mr. Brougli ; Dr. Broolcer, Mr. Reginald Dartrey; Edana , Hinde, ;.'Mlss . ; Temple; amd Lady, Valerie Camville, Airs. Brough. Of this Work William "Archer, till' "enthusiastic dramatic critic, -writes that Mr. Henry Arthur Jones In it has a capital story to tcii, and tells It. with really admirable Skill. Of the interest which It arouses from the outset Mr. Archer ' flays:— "The curtain has not been up throe minutes, scarcely it huiidrcd'words have been spoken, and already'iwe have had two sensa- tions." A scene, in -the second act Is. described , as- Intensely painful , and Intensely: powerful. We have had subtler and'.mdre ingenious situations in -recent drama; says Mr. Archer, but for sheer crushiug force, for. downright hard hitting, I do not remember Its equal. Further, Mr. Archer says. "The Physician", is "RoSemary" writ large and brought to a -happy ending. Thoughtful u'nd skilful, ab- sdrblngly 'interesting, and, eminently, alive aie further adjectival descriptions which Air. Archer fits .'on to this' plfty. There Is little that is new .that can be said In recommendation op the Cyolornma of Jeru salem. Like Tennyson's brook, It goes on for ever. But fortunately It needs no eulogy, for distinguished visitors from all parts of the country have testified In the visitors' book to the grand impression- It lias made on them. Of the Illusions. It has to .he confessed- that they more than repay a visit. Air. Philip Newbury will, at his popular con- cort to- nlglit, sing,"Thc Holy -City." The list of other artists engaged ensures a high-class musical treat. .. At the Darllnghhrst. Rink skating sessions arc. held for patrons, except at certain times, when the- Hampden. Club engages the hall. A most enjoyable form of recreation is skating during the present weather. It Is an exercise which is particularly, adapted to the season.; -. AIlss Ada b Ferrar,. the, well-known -actress, lof t'.Melb'ourneidu'rlng the Sveelt. by the Oruba for England. By the way, lier . younger sis ter, AIlss Beatrice Ferrar, is coming into pro-, mir-enco. on the London stage. Judging 'by \- her portrait, Bhe is even more, beautiful than i the statuesque Ada. Beatrice contributed largely to the success of "The Manoeuvres of Janc'Vat the Haymavkot Theatre. She Is -23. Her father, who' was connected with the legal ' profession, died suddenly when she was in her twelfth year, and: she was at once taken by I her older sister, Allan' Ada Ferrar, to Mr. F. II. I Benson, with whom, she was louring. I A performance of- H. J. -Byron's- clever co-.. medy "Our Boys" will be given In Paddington Town Hall on Friday, 21st Inst. -The proceeds will go to the Paddington Lalfep' Benevolent Society, a local deserving charity, which is in need of funds. ' Air. SJins. M. Berkeley, one of "the firm's" favourite actors, will play Perlcyn Allddlewick, Miss Ada "Wnodhlll will take the part of Mary Alelrose, and adequate support will be accorded by a company of metropolitan players.. The affair Is In the hands of a local committee, and under the patronage of the vice-regal party, Alnjor- General French. Sir Matthew Harris, and other prominent ' citizens. f Mr. M'Adoo's Minstrels vacated the Palace Theatre on "Wednesday, and have gone south. They appear in Alelbourne after Intermediate appearances on the southern line. Miss Florrle AVest (the Dazzler)i who was out here under engagement to ll'r. Harry Rlekards lately, wfis found out of her mind In a tenement house In New York with a large amount of jewellery in her possession. This news appeared In a telegram from Now York to London "Dally- Telegraph" of June 7.- She arrived from Australia the previous week to sing there, but suddenly disappeared. She Is now, it Is added, being eared for by her friends. / The question of- smoking In theatres rages In London. The predominant- view seems to be summed up in London "Truth," which says: — "I am not surprised to hear that the application to the Lord Chamberlain to per mit smoking In theatres will receive but little . support from the lessees of London theatres generally. Either rightly or wrongly, the prevailing opinion in llie metropolis Is that, were smoking to be permitted In the theatres, the patronage of ladles would be Ir revocably forfeited. This would, doubtless, be the case In the lending West End houses, but the removal of the present restriction .would largely Increase, the attractions of some of the minor places of entertainment. At one or two of the Brighton theatres smok ing is allowed In every part of the house, and it Is singular how little noticeable the fact becomes 10 minutes after entering." Theatrical news from South Africa reports the Initiation of a tour of an opera company under Air. Herbert Flamming, who also In- tends to lake a dramatic company out from England In August Air.' 'VV. .1. Hollowny Is also starting a tour with a dramatic company, whose repertoire includes "The Three AIus- keteers." Air. Hollow-ay has lately been down , with pneumonia, but wus recovering when the mall left. Air. and Mrs. J.' B. Watson were passengers by the Oruba during the week for London. Mr. Watson came to Australia to produce "The Gay Farlslenne" and "The French Alnld" for . Messrs; Williamson and Musgi-ovc, and hno- remnlned here ever, since. It is hot Improbn- : bio that he will return to Australia with. some new pieces for the Bam'e (Inn at an early dale, The directors .of the Cork Opera House Company have served writs for libel on, Dr. Keane, Prior of, the Dominican Order, ond'-qe-, vcral newspapers. In respect of a sermon l.-reuchcd by.Dr.-Kenne and published by the- journals, In which the clergyman denounced1 some theatrical posters as Injurious to' , the morals 'pf the community. ' -The energy of Sarah .Bernhardt is, simply amazing (writes London "Telegraph",). ,Tei minatlng her season in Paris at midnight' on Tuesday, June (!,. she made - the journey to London on Wednesday, and was able, to' de clare In the evening, with scarcely a trace of- fatigue, -Her perfect readiness to- start afresh' at the Adelphi on Thursday night. Madame- Bernhardt ;ina'de her reappearance there- in "La Tpsca," and on. the following Monday: curiosity was sdtlsfled regarding her lmperso-> nation of Hamlet. - : Air. Charles Hoi joway, of the Lyceum,. .who has been laid up with a cold for some weeks expects to be -qui to recovered by next week. - Mr; Oscar Glrard, of "The Belle of.- New York" ' Comjpany, w.us taken seriously 111. at Adelaide during the- week. Mr. Harry Rlekards, .accompanied by- his 1 family, will leave for, America and England ' on the Alameda on August 2. He Intends to engage new artists, - ' ' . They, do not ljice, the newest American piny any better' In London .than in Sydney., -Tlio- Ijondon "Telegraph" says:— It lias been gene rally recognised that, in "The 'Cowboy and the Lady ." the opportunities afforded Air. N.' C. Goodwin of exhibiting his abilities as a come dian are hardly so great as could be desired. In consequence, and as a result of numerous lequests received, it lias Just been decided that, before concluding his engagement, at the Dulce of York's, Air. Goodwin will appear In Airs. Ryloy's piece, "An American -Citizen," performed by him with great success Ip Ame rica, us well as In All-. Augustus Thomas' play, "In Missouri," of which report speaks In the highest terms. These, with another piece not yet quite decided upon, will be given at a se ries of special matinees. Air. Herbert Standing was . announced to take a matinee on -June S, at the London Cri terion. . to- celebrate his 21 years connection with that house. The "Warsaw Courier" (says a Paris teld- gram of June 8 In the London "Dally Mall") announces that Paderewski was man- led on May 31, with the utmost secrecy, to AIlss Helen Rosen, at the Church of the Holy Ghost In . Warsaw. The newly-married bouple are now in Padcrewskl's villa, near- Lausanne, where they intend to spend the honeymoon. j . A writer in the "Dally Mall" discoursed on the latest plays. Heaven forbid (he says) that we should be fed on milk and water ' merely; grand themes may render It neces sary to speak out boldly; great subjects niay demand that human nature should be strip-" ped of Its conventions and Its subterfuges, t' The story the dramatist- sets qut to tell may 1 not be a pleasant story. Well and good. Let ' us havc.our "Mrs. Tanqueray," our "Sowing" the Wind, " our ".Tudnh," even our "Hedda ' Gabler," if you like; It would be a bad day' for our drama ir life could -not'be seen whole upon our stage. But think of the new school — or, perhaps, - the revival of an old school — whleli has been gradually growing in strength for si) no con- ' slderable time now. Some. of the examples quoted would be quite . unobjectionable in themselves. It Is because they are only links In an eyer-growing ohi/.i which makes them' dangerous. That they are, for the most part, brilliantly- clever, but makes the danger more , insidious. Think of "The Case of Rebellious Susan," "The Llnrs," "Lord and Lady Algy,"- "Wheels Within Wheels," prominent among many others, merely .shlniqg examples among much Inferior matter. Think of tne flip pancy of all of them; the pleasantness of the vice portrayed; the sneers at morality whleli they carry; the absence of moral; the ip- - different shrug of the shoulders which' la the utmost protest of their puppets against the breaking of. the .chief commandment In the code of the . morality which Is supposed still to guide us. - Nothing ever happens in tills class of play. We leave off exactly where we, began. The wife 'goes back to her husband, but looks bn.ck longingly over her shoulder -at the lover she Is leaving behind; leaving, not because she has passed through a crisis, through the fire, and has come out refined, oh'dear no— merely because someone has eloquently persuaded, her that she will be "cut" by her friends, or that her "paramour" will grow tired' nf her. The author half hints that it will ail- 'happen over again a little while after -the curtain-has fallen. It is Immensely clever, but It Is really poor art. By no means let our morals be rammed home for us; we do not want to be preacHid at In the theatre. But art at lts\best has always an instrument to Its hand In poetic Justice; a moral is . most powerful when . It is only suggested. It Is comparatively easy to make, vice attractive on the' stage; ' the difficulty 1b to give colour, strength,- newness, to virtue. Are our dramatists content' io shirk the harder task? A play, so long as it Is dramatic, may deal with subjects we- should not discuss In the drawing-room; our theatre Is not,. for the young miss only. But, on the other hand, It Is not for the: blase, debauched man-about- town . only, nor for that most objectionable creature, the mannish woman. To make a play merely because one has a, smoking- room story to tell Is unworthy. GERAIEA is Ihe most wholesome of all breakfast foods. 