i POINTS. -Tee Christmas number of tbo TTesi, illus trated, will be ready on December 15. Agents " arid, others; please orfier oarly. . Tho best woekly-riiirier iri'Queenslanri; : Solid it to tout friends. Illustrated, prico only 3d. The position in South Africa is changing- considerably uy tho advance of tho .various British columns, whioh are already having tho effect of disorganising and breaking up the enemy. Enouqii news doos not filter through to enahlo us to thoroughly understand tho. positions; but it is evident that a largo British - force has gathered on tbo Orango River. It is mentioned this morning that Lord Mothuen with a large foroo is ou tho way to relievo Kimborley. But it was stated several days ago that a muoh larger column under General Gougli had approached within 50 railos of that pliicc, and that Lord Motliuon's foroo was to create a diversion towards Bloemfontoin. Soon nnws is not easy to understand. If a diversion wero created by attacking the Beers in their own country it would alter thb posi tion of things very much. The numbor of .attacks on Mafoking i, past counting. Tho number of times the Boers liavo had to run aivay must bo making them very fleet on their legs. Thebe is an indication that tlio Brisbatio Municipal Council's inquiry is drawing to a olose. The expectation that Friday noxt will sea tho end of taking tho evidence is too sanguine, however. It will bo spun out over two or thrco more sittings yet, for, liko tho Polioo Commission, there always is "just a littlo." The Queensland Cricket Association is justifying tlio predictions of its founders, for it is bringing all tho clubs of Queensland into lino and organising oricket here in a way that has never boon achieved before. Last night's meeting was quite orderly and business- like. Cheistmas Burolab. See Christmas number of tho Week. .Order oarly. Price 3d. ; illustrated. It is said that tho character of Major- general Gatucre is ono of uutiring energy. He spares neither himself nor others, and even tiros out his men with marches mid counter marches. Mabchks are very useful things, but some thing must bo accomplished at tho end of them. Fob instance, whilo tho battles of Qua) to Bras and Liguy wero in progress tho First Corps of tho French army wore kept march ing between tho two places all day, and wero therefore of no assistance either to Marshal Noy or the Emperor. It is interesting to know tbo dross of thn British cavalry at tho front iu tho presont campaign. It consists of a khaki jackot, Bedford cord breeches, colonial hclmot, putties, and a ban dolier. The British are beginning to find that tlicy have 10 bo on the alert with a partly 'guerilla enemy like tho Buers — evidence the manoeuvre ' of the Rifle Brigade at Ladysmith. . How would tbo mobilising of a largo foroo in Natal aud the crushing of Joubert's army answer instead of all the skirmishes round th'o frontier ? Would not ono blow liko this relieve tho other posts just as effectually, by drawing off tho Boors ? How did tho Boers get those khaki uni forms ? . Is it possible that they "commandeered" the clothes of tho British prisoners now at Pretoria ? A good many such uniforms could bo ob tained from i,33S men. All the Wihxebs. Sco Christmas number of the IVeel;, illustrated; prico fid. Order early. It scorns certain that shooting is tho strong point of Quccnslaitdcrs. When will our cricketers bo a mutch for southern teums? TnE New South Wales team which is to incet our inon next Saturday is precisely similar to thut which won the Sydney match, exudpt that our old friend Iredulo replaces Mackenzie. Sosie hugo scores may be anticipated. The Queensland, innings will, us usuul, bo tho most sensational. Alas ! , The Tunes hopes that Lord Salisbury will not retire from public lifo on account of tlio death of his wife. What au astuto thing to say. However did tho writer think of it ? Mb. Frank M'Donnkll got -his animal opportunity of dilating upon tlio defoetivo administration of tho Factories and Shops Act. The senior member for Fortitude Valley drew uukiud comparisons between Homo Secretary Fuxton and Chief Secretary Peacock, who administers tho Factories 'Act in Victoria. The inforcuco was that tlio Homo Secretary of Queensland liad very little of tlio milk (if huiuun kindness, and absolutely no sympathy with tho toiling masses. Mb. M'Doxhell said tho Chief Secretary ot Victoriu had tuken tho troublo to visit tlio workshops and tho slums in Melbourne and suburbs incognito, in order to make him self acquainted with the conditioii of tho masses. It will be remembered that tho Chief Secretary of Victoria is tho gay Poucock who has gained an Australian reputation as the possessor of the most jackass-likc cucchiuation ever produced by a human creature. Why doos uot our Homo Secretary follow tho good oxainplo set liim by tlio Victorian Ministor ? It may bo urged that . tho honourable and gallant raembor for Carnarvon does not readily lend himself to disguiso, hut if a strutting Peacock with a noisy laugh can conceal his identity it should bo possible for almost anyone to do so. Ghost in Brocade. Seo Christmns Dumber of tho Week, illustrated ; priuo 3d. Order early. It appoai-s that the British prisoners who aro boing detained by tho Boers nt Pretoria aro complaining of the inferior quality of the tinned meats supplied to them. It is evident that the Boors huva not gut the Queeusliuid product. It must ho American meat. The Federal Cup finally comes to Queens land. The porformanco of tho men is realiy a wonderful one, and considering that shooting is a useful pastime, Some effort ought to ho made to giro otu- boyB a .wolcomo homo. They doscrvo honour in thoir own country. Pebhafs Mayor Seal, with characteristic hospitality, will attend to the niattor. The necessity for a proper rifle association is now very apparent. As no ono knows what is to becomo of tho ' oup. The Christmas number of the Week, illus trated, willhoready on Decomher 15. Agents and others plcaiyi order early., Tho best' weekly paper in Queensland. Send it to your friends. Illustrated, prico only 3d. . 