AN AERIAL PHANTOM, ? j v BY A BANKEft. h ■ J ' Amongst the strangest of aH I natural phenomena may be included that remarkable optical effect known as the mirage, nr fata morgana. The ^cause which produces this singular and somewhat rare spectacle is at present but imperfectly understood; it is however -assumed that an aqueous condition of the atmosphere must eariBt, sufficiently dfelkse as to form & sort of mirror, more or less qoncave, upon which" the objects in the vicinity are reflected and magni fied, the apparent effect being that they are brought appreciably nearer to the beholder. The writer has on two occasions been fortunate in witnessing- tbis phenomenon in the South of England. A considerable number of j?hips were sailing on the ho|-izoxj, trhen gradually a most ex traordin.Ky appearance • presented itself, for over each veSsel appeared an inverted duplicate, a ! vertible ' phantom ship, the top of (he , main mast resting upon the corresponding part of the real ship. A* the vessel tacked, so the course of tbe phantom wag altered: as a sail was lowered so the phantom sailors, standing on iheir heads, lowered a phantom sail; «ver>* movement of the real and sub I stantial vessel being exactly imitated by its spectral companion ; the one, however, being apparently equally real and solid as the other. Every vessel in sight bad its double, fol lowing it about overhead as a living nightiimre; every saiior on deck had an inverted ghost, who copied his every movement with exact pre cision ; if he ran up tlip ratlines the spectre ran duwu to inttt him, re turning upwards to his overhanging deck when the living sailor decended. If he saluted his superior officer the spectre did the same at the same moment, as if the two were animated by the same power. After a time ; all this vanished away, and, , " Lihethe baseless fabric of a vision, Left not a wraith behind/' Occasionally this phenomenon is observed to invert high in air objects far below the hojizon, bringing them within them within the range of vision of an observer situated far beyond the natural range. In tbis way some of Sir John Franklin's shipB were diseovored ; and in tbe English Chan nel, Dieppe has been seen fro.u Dover, even the fisbing boats in the harbour the buildings, and tbe different colour of the land on the heights be ing visible. Of course, this was or dinarily quite out of sight, heing be low the horizon. This fot^n of mirage occasionally happens in the desoi-i. in a must tan talising maniier, for the wnary tra veller seesj a short distance in front of hi in, a beautiful oasis, palms wav ing in a refreshing breeze, whii h he feels not in the parching, sultry bta y slir, green grass on which he hopes to tvgiile bis (|c}iaust^4 camell* pools of delicious water . tn t|e m mo* .air, to wiiicb he hurries oil in order to a35aag3 his burning thirst, and to bath^ !iis .heated iand i weary limbs. , Eagerly, he pressed forward, impetuous for1 a draught of that cool and grateful liquid, when to his^ dismay and.hopel iss Jispair fas finds thpt it was ail but ;i tanfcalilsi^g illu sion, >yhicji has faded away into nothing, dashing "all hi^ hopes of pleasure to the gfound, .and leaving him to plod his weary way over the jhot, burning sand. And do not very nuny ofiisin our parauit of pleasure •*- y -yn ,/ ^ ... exactly repeat this traveller s ex perience, and find that theiple&sure.; "We had heon eagerly puinning, to the ■eternal ruin of soul and body, was but an insubstantial mir.tge, which, eluded our ardent grasp, and left us a panting and exhausted wr#*ck, ruined both for this world and for tii« next ? But there are pleasures, solid and la,sting pleasures, so ecstatic that thn mind of .man is incapable of ■even euiicemug^their overwhelming glory, which are aacessa^Ie to all who care to possess'them. And the ■only way to secure an inheritance to those j)leasarps is to " Fear God, and keep His commandments," the atonement made'once for all" bythe Savour of the world being a sure and aHilute passport to all who will but accept it. 