NEWS OF THE WEEK. The responses to our " Boll of Honor'', have been very satisfactory, but th ere seems a little uncertainty infoe minds of some of onr subscribers as to what we require. We ask each person who has taken onr joumal for 25 years or more 'to write as a postcard and forward any comment or suggestion for foe improvement of foe paper- Our offer to print the photo of our oldest subscriber has placed us in a dilemna as m many claim that distinction. One well-known gentleman claims fori be stood .by the machine in New-street and obtained the j first copy. If any gentleman can go farther hack fosn this' kindly forward claim at once. In. onr next issue we wlilpablish the names and comments of some of our enbsoribers and publish aacb week foe nsmesto foe order foey reach tins office. The. prevrMSm" of foeJteqjreonja odhur &risiqg;(|am3be waggoiSs mpars to' he a probtem-diffLeii t of solution and will be 1 one of" foe principal features of investi gation. The question will, probably he discussed at flu next council meeting, arisen, in accordance with notice of motion givnh" at JastAfpnday'e meeting. Or. Aliard will move, "foatfoa whole of foe sanitary question "be reopened and -that all papers in connection with foe present contract be laid upon foe table at the next meeting and that foe matter be referred tp, foe Public Works" Committee for consider ation. .. Considerable indignatiSh is frit 'by the- twenty seven residents around Cheltenham who have agreed to become subscribers at the delay in getting the. telephone exchange. The cheques of nine pounds each, sent in as the first year's subscrip tion, have " been cashed by foe Depart- . ment. bnt so far no attempt has been made to fix the tines." The prime 'mover in the matter, Dr. Scantiebury, has so urgently end persistently worriejl the Department that to mention the doctor's name to any of the officials in Melbourne is like holding a red rag to a bull- Two gentlemen have informed ns whilst on other business to the Department, Cheltenham has been casually mentioned, and in both cases foe reply made was, "Cheltenham, oh, yes, that's where a Dr. Scantiebury lives &c;" One officer remaiked, " »Vhy, this office stinks of that fellow. He had the imperti nence to tell us that we had no right to use the residents' money till foe tele phones were erected." Apparently foe doctor's ghost will haunt foe Post Office epmdars till foeCUehtaciham telephone exchange tetoetoomplifoto foot. (. : The conditiohriof foe: steel tramway in Point" Nepean road has been foe subject of adverse comment- lately, foe chief cause of complaint, as pointed ont in these columns, being the presence of dangerous rats on the outside of the tram plates. Qoite-a number of accidents of a more or less serious nature have been re ported, and the oause is traceable to these ruts ; broken axles are foe most common j occurrences. At Monday's meeting of the Brighton council, Cr. Stone tabled a notice of motion, " that one row of pitchers be placed on the outside of foe tram plates on Nepeah road, from. North- read to foe northern boundary of the town." The suggestion embodied in foe motion is an admirable one and if adopted shonld provide a much desired and per manent remedy of the evil. Owing to foe copious raiuB, the question of a water supply to Moorabbin seems to have dropped . Regarding the Dandenong Water Trust, at their meeting last Mon day a 2". rate was struck notwithstanding that Cr. Hem tilings -suggested throwing up the whole concern and allowing the Department of Water Supply to collect the rate. The nnder-treasurer reminded the Trust .£1,644 was owing for interest npon its loans. Mr. J. M. Coane notified that foe Minuter of Bands had promised no further encroachments should be made on foe catchment area, but refused to re ' move the present settlers as foey wonld probably require compensation. Corn, miesioner Searle suggested the caretaker : of the upper reservoir be legally appointed at once as it was rumoured people were -in the habit of washing cloches in the j reservoir. Ladies of leisure with fanciful taslsa would be interested in Professor Harris's lesson on Genoa Cake, Cbaotilly Baskets and Charlotte Basse. This lesson was given to a class of about thirty at the -Caledonian-hall last Thursday morning. The eakes, etc., were very pretty, and the directions for making very explicit, though probably there are few whose enthusiasm for cooking is strong enough to lead them to make tthese attractive luxuries frequently. The interest in the lessons fa well maintained. Next Thursday foe attractions are Gipsy Cake, Tipsy Cake and Snow Pudding, while ' an extra bait is the possible reve'ation of the mysteries of Bock Sngec. The dispute between Ctulfield and Oakleigh councils regarding the mainten ance of Warrigal-road between DandenoDg and Nortb-roads was brought under the notice of the Minister of Public Works last Thursday by a deputation from Oakleigh, who asked that the Caulfield council be compelled to metal foe North- road end. The Minuter, on consulting the act, replied that he did not see that he had power to do this, but he would be willing to act as arbitrator as to the amount of contribution by the Caulfield council, if that body consented to under take foe work. A fortnight ago a case was heard at the Cheltenham court, when Mrs. Martin sued J. Paigan for XT Is. 61, for milk delivered. Paigan on oath swore Lbat his wife told him she tad paid the account, and as proof submitted a hill with " paid " in one comer and ' balance, £1 OsSi" along foe side. The case was adjourned to last Wednesday, so that Mrs. Fsigan's evidence might be given. Mr. Benjamin, who appeared for defen dant, stated to the Bench that Fqigan gave foe money to his wife to "pay the' bill, but afcc paid another account. Messrs. Penny and Brown, J's.P , who adjudicated, gave a verdict lor amount claimed, with XI 6s. costs. The heavy traffic from Carrum along Wells-road has rendered it almost impassable. At the meeting of the Dandenong council last Monday a petition was received from Messrs. H Beazley, J. Robinson, G. L. Wells, J. New, F. Jervison, R. Preston and 23 others, asking that the road be made passable without delay. Cr, Brown suggested that as the engineer estimated the cost would be at least £1,000, the residents should contribute one-third of the cost. The secretary was instructed to prepare a scheme of works to meet the require ments and submit at next meeting. The Cheltenham Bscreation Reserve 4s gradually advancing towards completion. At foe last meeting of the committee it was decided that foe grass Bhould be. trimmed and foe gronnd levelled and rolled. The local .cricket club' have decided upon a suitable site for a pitch, and foe ground will be in readiness for foe ensuing season. The opening of the reservB will- he cefebratecUby -e.fi.ngr costume oricket (match br other demon stration, and foe funds Bp reused will be expended on foe erection .of a pavilion, without which no ground is complete. The opening day will be duly 'notified in these columns. The rainfall in Brighton during the month of July was 1.11 inches in nine days as against 1 84 inehes.in 16 days for. foe same month in 1696, foe average for the month for the past ten years in Brighton being 261 inches in 19 days. The total rainfall from foe first January to the 81st duly was 18172 inches in 86 days as againBt 10.20 inches in 74 days in 1898.; the average for ten years being 14 05 inches in 80 days. The average at the- Melbourne Observatory, from ob servations extending over 43 years, is 1.92 indies for foe month, and 18 92 for foe period (7 months). The higest shade temperature of -air -was 60.0 deg. on foe 13th., and foe lowest 30X1 :deg. on foe 20th. ; foe average highest waafiS 53 deg., and foe average lowest was 38.08 deg. The mean temperature" far the month was 45.80 deg, this year, "as against 47.90 tog.' in, 1898; foe nusfofoc .foe' past ten yeare being 47.72 tog. Ttogrefoestyaizt≪ ' Brighton for foe month of Jnly for -fob proceeding ten years was 5.70 inches in 1691, and foe least 1,88 inches in 1892. An Eistemwiek bicyifle toad - race cf 2f miles is to teke plaoe this month. Entries are taken at Mr. j. . Meaney'e, Glen Hnntiy-road. Already excitement is being aroused. 73m local 'Piaggw&ill;''(Pear8on) : is ingooa ftotejena to topkto taron As ' e certain starter this time- " "A'ilark horse: is spoken cf in the.-peison of Mr. ; . . . i v.:r, - iu>d foe" tomtneeeiai impetos expeeted to be given to foe colonies by Federal Union were eome bf foe reasons advanced by Cr. Hamilton at Monday's Brightontonn- cil meeting for his notice of motion — "Itot . ihe question of merearing- the salaries of foe council's officers' "be_npw reviewed and that foe vriiole matter be referred to foe Public Works Committee for consideration." Cr. Hamilton also pointed put . that foe officials of other councils .and publio bodies, whose eateries had been reduced daring the years of de pression, were now receiving foe eateries paid to them at their appointments. . The improvement in foe council's financial eonditionWB6 more or less doe to foe council's officers and he thought foey shonld be reinstated at foe eateries originally paid them. Cr. Peaoock seconded the motion, which was carried, Gil Bent remarking" that though the motion was not opposed, it was not to be inferred that there wonld be'no opposition to it in committee. The officers affected will be Mr. E. Lucas (town clerk) originally in - receipt of £850 and subse quently reduced to £300; Mr, Herbert (caretaker) reduced from £120 to £106 ; and the officer of bealfo, reduced from £50 to £45. There were two reductions, each of ten per cent. ; one in 1893 and foe other in 1895. The Dandenong council has ordered sixty sugar gums for plantiugln the park at Mordi- alloc. At the Cheltenham court on Wednesday, E- R. Penny was granted a stage carriage ticeme. Bliss Maiy J. McArthur has been appointed as rrapd iearber Xo' lhe -Chdteeham 'finite school. i W. Fetber's bouse, Shoobta-road, Eistem wiek, was entered last Tuesday and jewellery to the value of £iz stolen. On Wednesday last the Board of Works accepted the tender of G. Edwards at iC39 for painting, etc , at the Brighton police station. Messrs. Small & Edwards have purchased land in Melrose-sUeet, Sandringham, and' ajse having plans prepared for a bride cilice and auction rooms. The Cafe Musical held in the Drill-room last Wednesday in aid ,of tbe Home for Neglected Children was a huge financial suc cess, as after all expenses are paid, there will be a profit of over £ioo. Things are so mixed in connection with the Dandenong Water Trust that last Monday it was agreed, until its position was more clearly defined under the new Water Bill, to postpone consideration of , the .question of supplying Moorabbin with watef .' The dale of the Brighton Rose Show has been fixed for October 27 and 28. A feature of tbe show will be the competition for the Biighton Rose Cup. The committee has raised the amount this year to twenty guineas, the cup to be won two years in succession. In addition to the previous appointments of polling places for municipal elections, the Governor in Co incil has made the following alteration In tier of the building at the pomer of Burke and Waverley-roads, the Presbyterian" school roitn, corner of Bu'ke and Manning- roads for the eastern riding "of the shire of Malvern. The second meeting of The Brighton Ath letic Club was held at the Drill room on Fri day night, 28th nit, and was a complete success, there being about 60 present ; 12 new members were enrolled. 'Borne good work .was put in, and Mr. Charles Francis, who was acting as instructor in Mr. Byers absence,, well earned the thanks of all present for the attention shown by him. At the last meeting council, Cr. Brown reported with regard to removal of li-tree and other improvements to Attenborough Park, Mordialloc,' that aft-r all was paid for there was a credit balance c f £2 las. fid. It was decided to obtain a Sew pines with the balance. At the same meeting tbe question of 'removing a tree overhanging the Mordialloc creek was left io tbe hands of the South Riding members with power to act. Bay-street, near the station, was convulsed on one afternoon this week, the agitation being caused by load outcries and strange, unearthly yells, suggestive of the perpetration of murd-.r of the most cruel and foul des cription. Tbe excitement was intense till it was ascertained that the row was caused merely by a new subscriber making his first acquaintance with his telephone, by sending a private message over the wires — and the town generally. A sense of security again manifests itself in the busy thoroughfare, and tbe fears of the residents have turned to amusement , the " Amy Castle " voice being now the attraction of foe neighbourhood. There was a good attendance at the ordinary monthly meeting of the Cheltenham Mechanics' Institute committee on Wednesday evening. The report of the sub committee appointed to revise the rules and regulations with a view to their being brought more up to date was received and was referred to the next general meeting for adoption. The librarian reported having received magazines and books from Mrs. Mills, and Messrs. Erwin and Palmer. A communication from the combined Chelten ham gymnastic clubs (ladies and gentlemen) offering to give a concert and gymnastic dis play next month, in aid of the institution, was received. The treasurer's report showed receipts £13 ; expenditure, £2 Commencing from Sunday next, tbe letter boxes at all the suburban railway stations will be cleared on Sunday nights. This will ensure the delivery in the city and suburbs by foe Grst delivery on Mondays of ail letters posted ,up to the time of clearance on Sunday nights, and the despatch of metropolitan corres pondence by the first mails to the country. The re-arrangv meat of the clearances of letter- bores in the metropolitan area, previously announced as having been determined on last month, will come into operation also on Sun day. . By the new system letters can be posted in any of foe suburbs so that replies may be received from any other suburb or from the city on the same day. This is im possible at present The quarterly meeting of the committee of the Brighton Auxiliary Bible Society Was held at the depot, Bay-street, on Monday evening last. Present: — Revs. J. Rickard (president) J. B. Smith, R. W. Thompson, J. - H. Cole, A. B. Tress ; Messrs. hobt. Grieve, Hugh R. Rcid, Robt. Stone, John Webb, with the Secretary and Treasurer. The financial statement was submitted show ing receipts from collectors, £ 3 10s. ; credit balance £9 19s. qd. Correspondence was read from the secretary of ladies' committee (Mrs. John Webb) concerning the circulation of the monthly Reporters ; also arranging for a social evening. It was resolved that the circulation of the Reporters be continued for awhile and to watch results; and that ar rangements he -made for a social evening, to be held on or about the 30th of. September, in the Congregational school hall. tbejadtes" ; committee to provide refrefofimiite tina muac ; and the president and secretary to arrange for ". foe speakers, the invitation of the guests to be left wilb the lady collectors. Letters were submitted from Rev. J. Gason and Mr. Arthur Nichols It was "resolved that the delegates (Meters. Robt. Stone and John Webb, with the president, Rev. J. Rickard) attend foe .half yearly meeting -of foe Melbourne Auxiliary on August 1st., and that foe proposed amal gamation of the reports from foe various Auxflaries be left to their judgment as regards the inclusion of Brighton report. 