SERIAL STORY John Hallam's Wife. \- ' ' CHAP. III. (Continued.) , "Now," I went on, <f you. must tell me who you are and why you haunt this place, making mischief in the lives of two iunocent'perKons." She actually writhed under my gaze, but remained silent. I repeated my command over and over again, till at last the answer came forth with a hiss: " I am Rhemba, the Queen of, Aurungzobo. Two hundred years ago I lived on (earth—" Having got so far she relapsed into silence, while her eyes burned on me, full of indescribable malignity; but finally my persistence conquered her, and after an interval she continued: ' " Everyone obeyed me. I allowed nothing to stand in iny way. I loved a white man and be turned from me with disgust. I cursed those of my descendants who should marry with his race. The woman I follow is the daughter of such a marriage, and reproduces my beauty, with the differences caused by the colorless blood of her father's people. It is my purpose to follow her and personate her till I have accomplished her ruin. Do not venture to oppose me. Your power is imperfect and only occasional. I shall defeat you with terrible disaster to yourself." Satisfied that I had unmasked her, I relaxed my hold of the amulet; when at once this evil being became to all appearance Virginia Hallain, who, gathering her light draperies around her, remarked that the air was growing chill; and that if I would not return to the house, she would be obliged to go without me. Then she turned away and I saw her pass slowly on between the trees, and disappear among the shadows which were created by the splendor of the moonlight. The next day I excused myself from going to ride "with John, and went to seek Mrs. Hallam, whom I found con- "tintfing her task of arranging her hus- band's curios in the chamber I have mentioned. Her afternoon tea was spread on a small table of Indian carving, and she invited me to share it with her. While she dispensed the tea, talking pleasantly all the time, my mind was filled with the apparition of her by 'moonlight in the garden. Truly she had been marvellously personated. "I wonder;"'I said, "if there are ghosts about this place I An old house like this ought to have its ghost. Have you ever had any supernatural experiences, Mrs. Hallam?" The smile and the lovely carnations went together out of her face. " I think I have," she mid, hesitatingly; " but the subject is painful to me." " Nothing interests me so much as a well-authenticated ghost story. Please to tell me. It is better to relate such an experience than to keep it to one's self." " You will not laugh at me ?" " No ; and I can keep a secret. Nobodv else shall laugh at you through me." She had propped into a chair opposite me,and now fixed her clear eyes wistfully on my face. " You know what John is," she said; there is no one else in the world like him—so good, so tender, so generous; but you must have observed that he is pitilessly matter-of-fact. That is why I have never-told him what I am going to tell you. l once made a beginning, but he laughed! at me so immoderately that my intention was frustrated. My supernatural experience," she went on, •'occiirred when I was inlndia, The first 'was the frequent sight of a face beside my own in the looking-glass; sometime* exactly the same as my own and sometimes only like it with the strangest difference. When I told my old nurae she declared I had seen the spirit of qiy .wicked ancestress. ' She pursues you, 4 she would' cry, ' because of her hatred for your lily skin and the gold in your 1 hair. You must always wear her amulet. She had it made for her own uses, and now you must turn its-powera against herself.' I think I told you before that I never wore the amulet, because my Christain father desired me to put away such things as superstitious, though I might keep them us trinkets. I tried to think that the face in the mirror had been conjured up by my imagination, cxeited by the weird and fantasticatories told me by my nurse. But on one occasion after her dfeath I believe I did come face to face with my evil foremotUer. I would rather not give you the devils of this experience, a* dwelling on them terrifies me. Since my coming to England I have not been troubled in £h« least; but your suggestion of a ghost iu this nice old house, which I am beginning to look on as home, startled me." " I think it is a pity that even now you do not talk to your husband about tJie&e; matters, just as you have talked to me," I said. " Ah !" she answered, with quick pain, " you must know why I do not speak freely to my husband. For soma mysterious reason I live under his displeasure." After this day I came to the con* elusion that I could take no furthersteps without increase of knowledge. In the course of the evening I made occasion to tell Hallam that pressing 'affairs of my own required me to return home for a time, but that I hoped to pay him another visit before the summer was over. " I thought that would be the end of it," he said. " But you have done your best, old friend; and I am thankful to you." I hesitated a moment before I said r " My parting word to you is this: be charitably minded toward.* your wife, no matter how appearances may be against her. Of one thing I am sure; she has a dangerous enemy,, whom I hope t6 bring to light." CHAPTER IV. I returned home, taking with methe amulet lent by Mrs. Hallam, who was willing that I should u.-e every means towards tha successful deciphei'- ing of the inscriptions. In the uninterrupted seclusion of my own library, after loug.„stujly, I began to read, witli the assistaftce of a magnifying glass, a little, and then a little more, of the strange signs and figures cut in the gold and stones many hundred years ago. I found that the amulet had been made by order of Rhemba, Queen of' Aurungzoba; and that all the spells o£ all the magicians and necromam ers of her day had been exhausted to concentrate power within the jewel, which was to serve its owner as a protection against the machinations of everyevil spirit. The inscription on the clasp, which was the longest, concerned exorcism, or final banishment of a troublesome spirit to the regions of the other world j and made reference to the teachings of a certain philosopher whose name was given. I concluded that without further knowledge derived from the works of this matter of magic I could not attempt the spell of exorcism, and felt that I had come to a full stop just as I wes growing hopeful of real progress. The magician's name was not unknown to me,jbelonging to oue of the dreamers, or impostors, of ancient Eastern times. It even seemed to me that I had seen a volume bearing his name among some' curiosities of literatuie in the Bodleian Library at Oxford. Why should I not go there and assure myself whether or not the book existed 1 I started for Oxford, well aware that any one knowing the .object of my visit would regard me as a person ot disordered intellect." It was with con-: siderable eagerness that I scanned the shelf on which my memory suggested that'rhad seen the book -in - qUs8$ion ; and I had a curious feeling ofHa^ting in a dream as I put my hand on the book, took it down from its place, and »et to work to explore its contents. I was not sufficiently master of the - language in which it wan written to feel confidence. in my, own reading- and, aftet some delay, -! obtained^*|ie assistance of an expert, who supplied rae with the exact meaning of several difficult passagea bearing on the subject which was occupying my mind. [To be Continued.] . . 