MY VISITOR. ] HE Bummer «u Inirnwly hot P.oi.le in the Uitieiiient tiou. bi" of ihe.crow di«i city died like flic. Into my rillM room In an up town flab tbe heat seemed to be filtered. I could not eleep at nights, and the lon^ dnva in a great news paper office were not calculated to improve my health and spirits. 1 had begun to hsW tnyeelf if life were worth tlis living when 1 teceived a lotvet from a friend, lately married) inviting me to visit tier in her new home. I wont to the managing editor, and assuring liim nothing less than a month's rest would save me from an ear)y prare, exactod hit eoosent. What delight I experienced aa I felt my ■elf being whirled through the fresh Bwebt! country air 1 My friend met me at the i station. Sho was radiant wilh heal I h and happiness audi a contrast to my pale, | miaorakle looking eelf. L— is a charming country town—a new town, you know—and its pretty cottage* are all of modern style. But on a cliS frowning down on the village stands a sombre house of stone, moss roofed and ivy clad. Grand old trees, over whose head centuries bave passed, aland sentinels around it. A winding drive leads op to it, and when my friend turned her horse in at the iron gateway I exohumed : •> What I Ie that your house t " for I knew they were far from being rich. ■* Yes. is it not lovely T Wo got a bargain. They almost gave the place away, j And it was furnished too I I was not tbe only gueet, as my friend's I aunt, amort delightful old maid, was also visiting there. As I expect to be an old maid some day, I always " make love " to them, as a little friend once expressed it. The room assigned to me was a fiont one. 'Opening on to it was another one, some what smaller, but fitted up in the same style, and I came to tbe conclusion thia bad once been some early mistress* apart ment, In the smaller room the old maid, or Mi si 8ae,-aa I shall call her, slept. Now, observe, the only way of entering her loom was by passing throuifh mine. Wben we bads each other good night 1, witH true feminine caution, looked and bolted the daw opening to the hall, but the one ef orating our room§ I left open. Tbere was a little table in the centre of the room holding the lamp. I drew up a cbair and tried to read. But 1 could not fix my attention ; my eyet would wander from the pages to tbe things around me. I shall not attempt to analyse the peculiar feeling that began to take possession of me. 1 shall only say tbe genera] impression left on me, after a careful survey, was that tbe personality of some other woman than my friend lingeied in the room. I felt that personality, like a living, breathing thing. It was a creepy sensation $ so I undressed and went to bed, and being tired I soon fell asleep. Perhaps 1 slept an hour, perhaps not ten minutes, but gradually oviray sleeping senses came a power eubtle, mysterious, drawing them back to tbe real again. 1 can never describe that awnkeomg. To think of it even now sends «*> onacoeunt able chill into my heart. Tbe moon was shining, and the room -as filled with light. I unclosed my eyes, and leaning upon one elbow glanced toward the stand, and there on tbechair I bad recently oocupied sat a young girl. She was dmsed in white and bad tliortcutiy hair. One elbow rested on tbe stand, and she was leaning her head on her hand, 'I sat up in the bed, and nevor supposing my visitor was other than flesh and blood* and think ing that I was at my boarding house, asked t " Have yo no bed I" But tbe occupant of tbe chair did not more. Then like a flash remembianoe of where I was came over me. "Mi» Sue," I called, "here is a girl. Has she no place to sleep t" A-«nore from Miss 8ue was my answer, and still the girl did not more. I got out of bed. On the stand were the matches, but to reach them I should have to pass my arm around the silent figure. Tbe action of course brought me near her, and I was con scious of onlyone feeling—to avoid personal contact with hor. I had my eyes on her ''till reaohed lor the matoh,ahd then they were removed only for.a second, but When I looked again the girl was gone. For a moment I was too surprised to think. Then I lighted the lamp and glanoed found the room. It waa deserted. I went to the -door and found it bolted as I had left ft. I stole into Miss Sue's room, bat she was sleeping soundly. I had seen a ghost—a creature of the other world. It comphrtely upset .me, and I determined to leave the next day. Tbe heat o an uptown board ing house was preferable to the oompay of spirits. With daylight I thought I might have been mistaken and concluded toatay another day. But I entered my room tbe following night with many misgiving*. I beguiled Miss Sue into conversation, bdt she soon grew sleepy and left me. I would not allow: my mind to dwell on tbe subject, but read i until I ooald no longer keep my eyes open. Then I went to bed, and soon was asleep. After a time tbe strange magnetlo force began to steal over me. I had left tbe lamp burning. I opened my eyes, and there by the stand, in the self same position, sat the girl. Tbe sight was too much for me. . 1 covered my head and called for Miss Sue, and'asl did a sigb, the deepest, saddest, most heartrending, was wafted to tnefrom that silent figure. And then I realised a soul, once the dweller in a human frame, standing in need of help, bed appealed to me, but beoauBe ot my pitiful mortal weak ness I could not aid it The next day I went home. About six mouths afterwards I heard my friend had sold her house, and from that I Judged others had seen the ghostly visitor. . And often my mind goes book to her. feor eoul 1 Wandering nightly among maes of former happiness or woe, an you weighted with some secret, atoning for eoote crime, or is this vour punishment, for a life misspent I But to my questioning there oomes no aavwsr. Una (anxiously) i What did your lather "fiweatQirl t Oh, be get eo earn thst I was ahett te stay sod listen. HsYia a perfectly teaMstsge. G» in aed appease hha. 