CHAPTER IX. The Whaler. The sun had already risen tolerably high above the rim of the eastern horizon when we quitted the ballroom of the Marine Barracks, and stepped forth into the freshness and brilliance of the glor- ious July morning. The company was leaving in a continuous stream as we came away; car- riages rolled up in rapid succession, and went clattering off with the white-robed ladies in them showing behind the closed windows like the pallid shapes of ghosts. How faded does a long night of revelry make people appear in the brightness of the early morning sunshine. My wife, I thought, looked ten years older than she usually did, as she emerged into the rosiness of the young day, whilst Daisy's, eyes drooped till the languishing lids rested their lashes upon her cheek. "Captain Talbot strolled with us down the long wide gravel walk to as far as the barrack gates. Indeed, the courtesy and attention the Marine officer paid us was great. "Heigho for a soldier's merry life!" said he, stifling a yawn, and running his fingers through his somewhat dishevelled hair. "Another hour yet before reveille, and then I have to go on duty as orderly officer of the day. I trust you have enjoyed yourself, Miss Stormouth?" "Thoroughly," answered Daisy, drawing her opera cloak well about her shoulders and head. "I hope we shall find the boatman waiting for us upon the beach. One does not want to have to promenade in public in this sort of costume." "Oh, you need have no fear," I answered. "You will meet nobody to stare at you, if it be not a stray waterman. All Deal is still in bed and asleep." "This is the most lovely part of a summer's day," said Captain Talbot, slightly inclining his head in recognition of the rigid posture of atten- tion into which a sentinel was galvanised by his approach. "I often think of what one loses by lying in bed after four o'clock in the morning, at this time,of the year." "It is strange, when you come to think of it," said Stevens, "that on the average one spends rather more than a third of life in complete obli- vion. Thus, a man who reaches the age of sixty is only conscious of, and can account for, the passage of less than forty years." "If one felt as tired as I do now," said my wife, prosaically, "one would never regret the third part of existence which is devoted to re- pose." "Sleep, as a mental, and physical factor—" Stevens was beginning very learnedly, when he was cut short by Captain Talbot wishing us good bye. "We soon made our way down to the shingle slopes of the beach, upon which the light surf hissed gently, with a low seething, as of freshly poured champagne. Our two boatmen of the pre- vious night leaned through the open window of a little tarry lookout house, puffing at their pipes with their chins buried in the folds of their arms. One of them so far inconvenienced himself to touch the rim of his fur cap, with the stem of his pipe on beholding us; the other slightly nodded his head without shifting his sprawling attitude. "I see you are already crawling about the beach, as you promised you would be last night," said I. "Are you ready to put us aboard our ship?" At this they came down out of their watch- house, bustling into some small show of activity. "Ay, ay, sir, we're all ready to put you aboard," answered one of them, a full-faced mottled man, with immense gold earrings twinkling in his elon- gated lobes. "Good!" said I. "We shall be pleased to get on board as soon as possible now." On this they pushed a little varnished punt down to the waters' edge; we got into her, and the men shoved off. "Enjoyed yourselves, lady?" said he of the mot- tled complexion, addressing my wife. She laughed at the question, and answered yes. "Did you ever go to a dance?" said I. He expectorated violently over the gunwale, and without removing his eyes from the blade of his oar, answered, "No, can't say as ever I did. What d'ye do there, sir?" "A good dinner party, with plenty of foine wit- tles and no limit to the lush, 'ud be more in Jock's way, I allow," said the other fellow, with a grin. "It 'ud make me ill for a month, mate. Foine wittles and plenty of lush don't suit the likes of me. The doctor don't allow me to eat meat, sir." "Dear me, why not?" said Stevens. "You look strong enough; I should really have thought meat would not hurt you. But perhaps you have some internal complaint." "Meat," said the man, regarding Stevens with a serious expression of face, "being a form of wittles which very seldom comes my way, I finds I've got to be very careful how I feed on it when a bit of it does come along. My hinternal com- plaint, sir, is that my stomach ain't used to deli- cacies in the beef and mutton way, and my ap- petite being pretty good, when I do get a chance to tuck in to about three pound o' juicy steak—" "Doan't make a bloke's mouth water, Jock!" cried the other, passing the back of his rough brown hand across his lips. "I suppose," said I, "that your medical adviser did not extend his restriction to the subject of beer?" "No, sir. He said that was good for me," he answered promptly. "Jock takes it as physic, in doses of about two gallons a day," said the other man. "Impossible!" ejaculated Stevens. "Don't you believe that it's impossible, then!" exclaimed Jock, with some animation. "I knows a party on our beach named Bill Buttress, as gets outside of three gallons of old-and-mild every day of his life, as regular as clockwork." "Is he ever sober?" said I. "Never see him the worse for liquor yet. Lor' bless you, sir, the trifle as he drinks ain't nothing compared with the way some of 'em can mop it up along our beach." By this time we were alongside the hulk, and in a few minutes more were all on board of our floating home again. Allan paced to and fro in his solitary look- out forward ; the rest of the occupants of the vessel were still asleep below. It struck me as I came up over the side, that this was after all a queer and original form of life, and one in which I should have been perfectly willing to continue for an indefinite time. I sup- pose it was the freshness and freedom of the early morning sunshine, imparting an exhilara- tion to the pulse and a gladness to the spirits, which set me thinking thus. The tonic of the air had taken away all feeling of langour, and I could not have felt more fresh and cheerful had I just come on deck after a night of unbroken rest. My wife and Daisy went straight below on gain- ing the poop, but I missed Stevens till stepping to the side I perceived that he was still in the boat carrying on a conversation with the two water men in a low voice. I thought it strange, he should linger in this fashion, and remained over hanging the rail for a moment or two, watching him and trying to catch the subject of his talk, which I naturally considered could be no secret. He looked up presently; and seeing me, exclaimed, "All right, Captain Stormouth, I shall be up directly. I am merely questioning these men, with medical curiosity, as to the accuracy of their statements regarding the quantity of beer they drink daily." Both the watermen laughed loudly at this, I imagine it was this answer that made me feel Stevens's statement was not true. Be this as it may, an odd feeling of distrust crossed my mind, though I could not find outside the men's laugh- ter any reason for it. What motive should Ste- vens have in deceiving me, or in talking to the boatmen on any other subject than what he said? Still, the instinct is often stronger than the rea- soning powers, and my secret conviction was that Walter had told a lie. Somehow I always associate the memory of what so shortly afterwards happened with him as I recall him on that particular occasion. He came slowly up the gangway ladder, and the boat pushed off and went away shorewards. Over his evening dress he wore a dust-colored coat, but toned to the throat. He had on a soft wideawake hat, which, together with his fixed smile, gave him a very vacant expression. "What a perfect morning!" said he, approach- ing me, and speaking slowly without looking me in the face. "A strange contrast from the scene of the ballroom, isn't it? This kind of thing makes one regret that our delightful holiday must ever come to an end. But our time is growing short now, very short." I eyed him in silence. I might have been wrong, but I thought his manner just a trifle strained, and not as usual. I had some notion of tackling the young fellow there and then and coming to an understanding with him on the sub- ject of his engagement to my daughter, but changed my mind and concluded to await ano- ther opportunity. "Yes," said I, "time passes quickly when one is enjoying one's self. If one could but com- mand the weather this would be a delightful enough experience all the year round. So you will be really sorry when our time is up?" "Of course, naturally so." He shuffled slightly, looking round about him as though very willing to change the drift of the conversation, and said presently, "What a strange-looking vessel that white ship is, anchored over there. What a lot of boats she carries for her size." I followed the direction of his outstretched arm, and perceived a large barque, high in the water, painted white, with her sails festooned in the clew-lines, anchored about half a mile away upon our port bow. I had not taken notice of her be- fore, probably because she had lain right in the dazzling shaft of the sun's wake, which had now crept a little way past her. "A whaler," said I; "a class of ship one very seldom sees nowadays," "Oh!" said he, with feigned interest, "a whaler, eh? I thought she was something out of the common. Well I think I shall go down stairs, and get some sleep. Are you going to bed?" "No," I answered. "I do not feel the want of rest." He vanished down the companion hatch. I went to my cabin to refresh myself with a wash and a shift of costume, and filling the bowl of a large meerschaum with fragrant honeydew, I re- turned to the poop. Our slender little crew had by this time turned out, and were washing down the after deck, a duty which they very punctually performed each morning. "There's a rare-old 'un, sir," said Spry to me, knuckling his brow, and jerking his head over his shoulder in the direction of the whaler. "I have been looking at her," said I, stooping into the hood of the hatch cover to reach down the case which contained my binoculars. "What will she be—a Greenlandman?" "Either that or a Cape Horner," he answered. "D'ye see the crow's nest, or lookout place, sir?" His sight must have been amazingly powerful to detect such a detail at that distance. I levelled my glasses, and in the clear, sunlit air, the ship leapt into the field as large and distinct as though I were viewing her from off a quay alongside; I guessed her to be homeward bound, probably with a hold full of oil and whalebone. It is true she sat bold and high in the water, but blubber in barrels is a light cargo. Her white sides were stained and rusty, as though from many months of washing through the ocean surges. I counted five boats of a side; chubby double-ended little craft, painted white, and looking like infants of the bluff old mother which bore them. One of those rare old- fashioned bower anchors, wth im- mense wooden stocks, hung at her cathead. Her sails were grey and patched; her rigging was very slack, and her masts ill- stayed. "A Yankee, sir?" said Spry, interrogatively. "She shows no colors," said I, "and there is nothing else to give one any clue to her nation- ality. Her name should certainly bespeak her a New Englander. I can read her name on the headboards—the Prudence." "Blessed if I shouldn't like to go aboard a rum old packet like that, and take a look around," said Allen. "Ships like them, I reckon, are the curiosities of the ocean nowadays. All the poetry that's left in the sea is to be found in suchlike hookers as that." His remark put an idea into my head; I thought that, whilst the others lay asleep below, I might kill an hour or two in a very interesting and amus- ing manner by paying a visit to the whaler. As an old shellback myself, I knew that even al- though my reception on board of her might be a trifle rough, I could nevertheless depend upon re- ceiving a sailor's welcome. The freemasonry of pilot cloth and Stockholm tar would at least en- sure that. "A good idea of yours," said I, still keeping the binoculars to my eyes. "Spry, get the smaller boat lowered away; I will go on board of her my self." The men dropped the mops and weegees with which they were drying the deck—an unnessary task, as the sun would do it quite soon enough and fell to fumbling with the falls of the quarter- boat. In a few minutes she was waterborne and floating at the gangway steps. Spry and Allen jumped in, I took my seat in the stern sheets, and away we went. A pull of a little less than a quar- of-an- hour brought us alongside. Three or four men, all wearing sugar-loaf hats, leaned over the rail watching our approach; their hatchet coun- tenances and goatees proclaimed them Yankees as indisputably as though the stripes and stars fluttered from their peak. " 'Prudence' ahoy!" said I, looking up, and not sure which of the men to address. "Hallo!" drawled he that stood furthest aft, pull- ing a long, clay churchwarden from betwixt his lips to answer. "Are you the master of this ship, sir?" "Ay! Captain Slocum Cheesman—that's me," he answered. "Coming aboard?" "By your leave," I replied. "We have come to have a look at your ship. Such sights are not seen in the Downs every day." "Well, come aboard, mister. Stay, I'll have the accommodation ladder put down for you." His head disappeared for a minute or two from the bulwark rail, and shortly afterwards a seaman came to the side, and let down a very primitive kind of ladder, formed of a number of short bat- tens of wood, strung together on two ropes. I as- cended, followed by Spry and Allen. It was a strange, and, to my seafaring eye, com- paratively unfamiliar scene that greeted me on gaining the decks of that vessel. She had im- mensely high bulwarks—so high that a man had to stand upon a kind of ledge to look over them and this, with the double row of boats on top, made her appear as if sh'd been built in. Just abaft the foremast, in the spot where the caboose is usually situated, and reaching nearly the whole width of her wide decks, was a great brickwork structure—the most incongruous object on ship- board that one could possible conceive. This I guessed to be the pots or try- works, where in the blanket-like blubber of the whale is boiled down into oil. Ponderous-looking tackles lay coiled down about various parts of the deck, and two long, very slender guns on iron carriages were trained against the bulwarks aft; the weapons, as I afterwards learn, used for the discharge of har- poons. But apart from these extraneous details of her calling, she was in herself a most queer and singu- lar old ship. She was nearly 70 years old, and looked it. Her decks were as brown as mahog- any, and worn by the tram of generations of sea- men into many inequalities and ruts, like the rib- bed sands of the seashore. I guessed that in many places they must be nearly through to the beams under them, and a regular swamp of little puddles they must have been in wet weather. A genuine round-house stood aft; you shall search the ocean long in this age to discover such a survival of the old sea-life, or even to find the man who correctly understands the meaning of the term. Her wheel was large and thin and spindle-like, and leaned towards a quaint and curious binnacle, fashioned like a miniature castellated church tower, with a small bright brass bell perched on top, within the carved embrasures. A large yellow-spotted dog, of foreign breed, lolled out of a kennel at the foot of the mizzenmast, languidly licking its chops, and eyeing us with a bloodshot stare of indifference. A faint, indescribable odor, as of stale seaweed, hovered over the vessel, which I guessed to pro- ceed from the oil in her hold. The man who had conversed with me over the side advanced to meet me as I paused on gaining the deck, gazing at me. "The top of the day to you, mister," said he, gravely touching the brim of his sugar-loaf hat. "Maybe you've come aboard to have a look round?" "That's it, Captain Cheeseman," I replied, ex- tending my hand, which he gripped in a way that nearly made me sing out. "Such a hooker as yours naturally excites curiosity—in these waters at least. The whaler is a rare bird of the sea now. Where are you bound?" "To Hull," he answered. "Oil ain't fetching what it used to do in the States, and we're going to try and realise our little lot among the Bri- tishers." "Have you been long at sea?" "Oh, twenty-nine months," he drawled. "Luck's been bad. The fact is, mister, my nation is that the whalefish is getting too leary. Think of it— only seventeen hundred barrels of oil, and about five ton of whalebone, in all that long time of sailing the ocean. And thirty-three hands to feed and pay wages to all the while." He glanced at the blackened group of men, in colored shirts and wide-brimmed sun hats, who lounged about forward; then suddenly whipped a cigar case from out of his breast pocket, and of- fered it to me, saying, "Take a smoke, sir. I suppose you are the master of one of them pac- kets brought-up over there?" "Yonder is my ship," said I with a smile, point ing to the Calenture. "What—yonder old hulk? No need to take ob- servations every noonday aboard of her to find how far home is, I should think. But what are you doing with her, mister?" I briefly explained. He then asked me whether I had yet breakfasted, and on my replying No, in- vited me to come below, and eat a meal with him in the cabin. I confess I was curious to view the interior of this quaint old ship, and according- ly accepted his invitation. The state-room, or aftermost living apartment, was in the round house, and into this the Yankee skipper led the way, calling to Ephraim Honey, the mate, to come to breakfast. I, have been in some strange and curious ship cabins in my time, but assuredly I was never in a more singular interior than that of the roun- house of the whaler Prudence, of Nantucket. An artist might have painted it for you, though he would have needed great cunning to give you the ashen grey hue of the old sea-parlor; it is scarce- ly, therefore, in the power of language to ade- quately convey the queer picture. I suppose the apartment might have been about ten feet long, and perhaps eighty feet wide, with just enough of headroom to enable one to stand upright. Light was admitted by a couple of small latticed win- dows on each side. At the fore-end stood a tall, brass- dialled grandfather clock, and facing it, up- on the opposite bulkhead, was a dim-yellow oil painting of a ship under full sail, wtih a number of whales blowing great jets of spray all round about her. The interior was well garnished with characteristic details of the vessel's vocation. Sev- eral long lances or harpoons, with wide-barbed glittering heads, hung suspended: close up against the beams of the roof; a model ship, her hull and spars all fashioned out of whalebone, was affixed to a little shelf near the door; sundry small ob- jects carved out of solid ivory, occupied various parts of the cabin; suggestions of the leviathan hunt met the eye at every turn. The table was covered by a brown and patched cloth, upon which was spread out the crockery for breakfast. "You'll find this a bit rough and ready. Cap- tain," said the Yankee mate to me, as he perceiv- ed my eye roaming swiftly over the details of the cabin. "Nigh upon two years and a half of sea faring don't leave one in much of a condition to receive company." "Don't mention that," said I, with a wave of the hand. "I know what it is—I have been a sailor myself; and, besides which, I am self-in- vited." "Well, you're welcome, mister," said Captain Cheesman, pitching his hat on the locker. "Sit down right away, and make yourself at home. Ephraim, tell Joe to bear a hand with the break fast." The mate went out, and shortly afterwards re- turned, followed by a mulatto boy, dressed in an orange-colored flannel shirt, which formed a hideous contrast with his coppery complexion. This youth speedily placed a meal of shipboard fare upon the table, and we sat down. I confess that I had not much appetite for the unsavory-looking victuals with which the Yankee skipper regaled me, but the novelty of the thing interested me, and I made a show of eating and drinking with relish. "The whaleman is brought face to face with all the perils of the sea, and no mistake," said I, gazing at the faded old picture I have before mentioned. "He not only has to meet all the ordinary dangers of the sailor's life, but is called upon in addition to risk his life in pursuit of his prey." "Ay, and where else do you find men keeping the seas for three and four years at a spell, until their ships get hoary with the weather, and their blood itself turns to salt water?" exclaimed the mate. "For my part, said Captain Cheesman, spread ing treacle on a sea biscuit with his knife, "I reckon that the whaler's greatest peril is ice. He can meet a gale of wind, for he is a sailor. He can do battle with the big fish, for he is a man of pluck and nerve, and well used to the tricks of his enemy. But the ice is a deadly foe, not easy to reckon with; and where the ice is, there often the whale is; so into the thick of it we are obliged to go." "Spin the captain the yarn about the old Con stance Palmer being foul of that berg down off the South Shetlands," said the mate. "Ay, that was a bit of a whaleman's risk," an wered the skipper. "If ever a man came near losing the number of his mess, I did that jour- ney." _ "Let me hear the story," said I. "Oh, it's a good many years ago now—so long ago, in fact, that it makes me wonder whether I shall ever live to give up going to sea after all. In those times, the New England whale fishery was a flourishing affair. Steam hadn't then driven most of our sailing vessels off the seas, and mineral oil was yet talked of as a substitute for sperm. Well, I was bow oar in the captain's boat, aboard of an old Nantucket tub named the Constance Palmer. We had been blown very far out of our course by a long north-easterly gale, which brought up white cliffs of water—you couldn't call 'em seas—as high as our main yard arm, and surged us to leeward with every send fair towards the South Pole. "The gale broke after a time—or rather I should say that it lulled, which is the best way of de- scribing a short spell of moderation in regions where it is nearly always blowing a tempest. But it left a fearful swell as it dropped; great leaden hillocks of water a mile long, upon which our ship was tossed like a ball in the hands of a child. However, worse than this, worse even than the gale itself, at its full height, was the snow which began to fall thick as a feather bed. We knew there was plenty of ice about, for we had sighted no end of great glistening bergs dur- ing the course of the morning, and the vessel continually bumped against loose masses of the floe as she rose and fell upon the surges. The worst of it all was that even hove-to as she lay, the ship was drifting away to leeward at about five knots an hour; nothing could stop that, and any moment there might loom up through the blinding soft whiteness the shape of a huge berg close aboard. But help yourself to one of them eggs, mister; and Ephraim, pour the captain out a cup of tea; it'll not be the first time, I guess, that you've swallowed the yellow physic which the cook sends aft as choice Congou. "Well, the lull in the gale did not last long, and away came the wind out of the north-east again, though with nothing like the first weight of it. One might have reckoned that it would blow all the snow away with its freshening, but instead of this it only seemed to bring it down thicker than ever. So here was a pretty pleasant quandary, with the early Cape Horn night not far off, to give an extra edge of anxiety to our situa- tion. "You've been to sea, Captain, and maybe you've been in the like of such a plight yourself but even if not you can pretty well picture it to yourself. The cold was perishing, whilst the up- roar of the storm and the terrific upheavals of the vessel, all put together, made a man think of the warmth and comfort of the fireside at home as a thing impossible, which never existed; so little could the fancy realise it amid those dismal sur- roundings." "I know it—I know it!" said I, struck by the poetic perception which underlay this rough whaling skipper's description, although indeed you will find plenty of uncouth poetry amongst sailors as a class, for all that the tendency of the age is to paint Jack as a blaspheming, ignorant drunken beast. "Old memories recur along with talk such as yours, Captain Cheesman. But I interrupt you; please proceed." He leisurely raised his cup to his lips, took a long, slow drink, eyeing me meanwhile over the rim with a thoughtful, expression, then set his cup down again, sucking his moustache to dry it. "It was about an hour before nightfall," he went on, "and I was aft at the wheel, for though the vessel was hove-to she needed watching. The skipper and mate were pacing the poop close to where I stood, muffled up to the nose, and as white as though they were hewn out of the solid snow. Suddenly the mate came to a standstill —I can see him now in my mind's eye—and fell a-sniffing. He was a fine old sailor, who had been bred upon the Newfoundland fishing banks. "Captain Lampard," says he, "I smell ice; an what's more, it's closet aboard." I began to snuffle, and thought I could catch a faint whiff upon, the frosty wind—just such a smell as you may notice in the hold of a ship that has been full of salt water: a wet, sea-weedy smell. The captain sniffed too, and said that, for his part, he didn't smell anything. But even whilst they were talking my ear caught a sound like low thunder, running through the booming of the wind and seas, which I, guessed came from the surf beating against the base of the berg. The snow was now thinning away a trifle, and you could make out the sea all round the ship for a distance of about a hundred yards or so. All of a sudden from for'ard there came a terrific cry from a man, whose shrieking voice told you how startled he was: 'A wall of ice on the lee bow, sir!' Sakes alive, mister, but I recollect now the hair-stirring thrill which ran through me on that cry! (To be continued.) The Question of a Supposed Corpse.-The "corpse" questioned the coroner's jury at a recent inquest in Maryland, U.S. Proceedings to de termine the cause of death had just begun, when the subject woke from the trance in which he had lain, ana asked what it was all about. 