Our English Letter. [From our own Correspondent] . The all-absorbing topic outside Methodisfi circles at the time of writing is the vagaries of the Ritualists and the 'no small stir' created in the ecclesiastical dove-cot by the aggressive attitude of Mr. Kensit and other sturdv Protestants. Few can be found who are prepared to say that all Mr. Kensit has done has been accomplished in the wisest or most discreet way, but thousands will admit that a protest was needed and a very vigorous one too. The English people are long-suffering and slow to move, but when they are once roused woe betide their enemies ! They say, then, in the words of the political doggerel used years ago : ' We don't want to fight, But by jingo, if we do, We've got the ships, we've got the men, We've got the money too. And now they are fighting and fighting in dead earnest, and though the Eitualists sneer and laugh at their efforts they will find to their sorrow that disestablishment will be the outcome, and the many Jesuitical wolves in sheep's clothing will find their rest in that hotbed of corruption, the Romish Church, to which place may they speedily go ! It takes more than a little to rouse our politicians, but even they are speak ing out. Sir William Harcourt has written a plain letter on the subject, and Mr. Balfour admits that there is a 'crisis ' in the Church. Even the Prime Minister, himself a High Churchman, expresses his belief in the existence of ' lawless ' parsons, though he has confidence in good bishops whom he is prepared to punish if they fail to do their duty. But the greatest change is apparenc among the bishops themselves, who have at last determined to deal with ' offenders.' The Lambeth conclave has decided upon the following points : — 1\. Prohibition of holy days not authorised in the Prayer-book, ond notably the Roman festi vals of Corpus Christi and All Souls. 2, Pro hibition of ceremonies not authorised by the Prayer-book, or anything in the nature of an interpolation in any of the appointed services. 3\. Incense used ceremonially is forbidden, ?i. Asperging is prohibited. 5. Burning candles before pictures is prohibited, and pictures and sculptures are to be regulated by authority. 6\. All reservation of the Holy Sacrament is distinctly forbidden ; it must be wholly dis continued. 7. Changes coming under the ornaments rubric — the man millinery ritual — must be submitted for the bishop's sanction. 8\. Roman terminology, snch as the viaticum and the mass, are condemned. 9. Omissions from the communion service, such as the commandments, collect, gospel, epistle — an offence of the Evangelicals — and the ringing of a bell at the moment of consecration, are con demned. 10. That there shall be no com munion without communicants — a rule hitherto disobeyed in high celebrations, choral masses, and children's masses. 11, That there is to be no invocation of the holy angels, the Virgin Mary, or departed saints. 12. Habitual con fession, or confession before communion, is also condemned. Some of the bishops have already sought to enforce these decisions in every case. Tue members of the English Church Union, who were so openly defiant, have quietly sub mitted, one Church Bhowing its pity for its Bishop by offering prayers for Mb enlighten ment ! A book w hich has contributed in no small measure to this agitation, and which has been roundly condemned by the Ritualist, both in and out of the pulpit is ' Walsh's Secret History of the Oxford Movement.' In this book, in which the underground road to Rome is fully disclosed, there are some startling statements which show the treachery and deceit of the members of the English Church Union. To say that they are annoyed over its publication is but to put it mildly. They iume and fiet, but they cannot disprove, for Mr. Walsh, who is wise in his day and generation, has allowed the Ritualists to speak for themselves. He ha3 made maay charges, but he makes the Ritualists prove them all. The revelations of this book are simply appalling, and space only forbids lengthy extracts. It your adif.m- nan find rrnm for an extended review I may Bend one Bhortly. Meanwhile, let me Bay that the dark ways of the Ritualists many of whom are Jeeuites in very thin ? disguise, are exposed. Dr. De Sanctis, once Theological Censor of the Inquisition in Rome, openly states that there are Jesuits ' in all classes of society ; in parliament, among the English clergy, among the Protestant laity, even in higher stations.' And these wolves, with the cunning of the fox, and a diplomacy which is begotten of the evil one himself are steadily doing their deadly work. The Society of the Holy Cross it appears was responsible for the issue of ' that loathsome book, ' The Priest in Abso lution,' which was exposed in the House ? of Lords and condemned by Archbishop ' Tait. In one of these precious (?) books it ; is calmly stated that 'No woman would s. ever tell her husband what passed in the I , confession ; '' while of children it is said ' that if thoy died without confessing sin ; j 'they would certainly have gone to the t \ everlasting fires of helK'1 1- ; Dealing with the order of Corporate Rp | union the book states that three English : j clergy went to sea to be ordained, so as to I be in nobody's diocese, where they were conditionally baptized, ordained deacons and priests and then consecrated bishops These 'bishops' have since re-ordained j 800 clergymen in the English Church. One f 1 of these bishops, Dr. Lee is still a Protes ?A iant minister in the English Gliurcli! as Save the mark. H The following are a few of the quotations H from the published writings of the H Ritualists : H ' The Bible is not the sole and only rule of H Faith.' ?' Bible . Christianity is an in Wm vention of the devil.' 'The Catholic mm Church is always in time (as well as in Wm degree) before the Bible.' ' The sooner rai we are rid of the Thirty Nine Articles, the nil better' 'We have no wish to revile the |H faith of Roman Catholic?, for it is the same |HJ faith as our own.' 'The Wickedness of ||i the Reformation.' ' Learn to perceive R|| Almighty God concealed for you in His f$m Priests.' ' The Mass is not one sacrifice mm and Calvary another. It is the same §11 sacrifice.' ' The power of the remission of sH Bios is ordained in the hands of the Priest HH hood, and no other whatsoever is appointed mm for our assured forgiveness.' 'Protestants III can be shown to detest Jesus Christ and i|| His teaching, and to prefer itninoralitj , ill polemics, and cant thereto.' ' The Holy fill Ghost'— 'does not make His home in any i|| Dissenting Sect.' mm No wonder that the Methodist Becordcr »»* 14 1OV1DVV ***? VUiO UKJXJIX OliaUGD ? VUU Ul their own mouths, and from their own writings, the Ritualistic conspirators are exposed and condemned : the treacheries of their secret societies, their plqttings to undo the work of the Reformation and bring this country .again under the dominion of the Pope, their treason against their own Church, whose bread they eat, their superstitions, their Jesuitries, their horrible crueltitF, the vilenesa and 6ecrecy of their Confessionals are all laid bare.' 