Our Tale, THE HEIRS OF THE ABBEV. Bv C. S. HOWE. "And this, then, is Chetwynd Abbey, jiiy own dear mother's home as a girl— hor birthplace. I had no idea it was so large a place, so beautiful, so grand 1". Thus thinking aloud to herself " sole audience, Margaret Duncomb od through the gates of a timbered pars, situated in a tern county of England. It «-iis a scene fair enough foj, uninterested eyes to look ujpon'v pleasure. A long avenue of hdtoP nuts stretched away to wB the extreme distance, the grey,""cas! tellated roof of the mansion stood out in relief against its background of dark beeches. In front there glowed the brilliant hues of manytinted flower beds, with a sparkle of nater from marble fountains on the long, wide terrace, stretching from wing to wing of the noble building, stirring in the hrart of the young girl, who no v saw it all for the first time, a sense of rightful proprietorship that would not be gainsaid. "It is beautiful," she repeated. "Ah, the difference that might have been. Especially to-day—my birthday. I am twenty-one, and heiress to nothing, no thing! What would I not do for Cyril, for father, for the Church 1 Well, I am afraid this is all waste breath, useless grumble. No more of it. Just one more look and then away for home." A last long, lingering look at the ancient home of her maternal ancestors, mid then the speaker set off on her way homeward at a quick pace, which soon developed into a run. The way over the lonely moors was long to the little village where tor the present her home was, and the shortening day—a late summer one—was almost over by the time she arrived. It was only a furuibhed cottage on the outskirts of the village of Scarfell, which, as a change from a big, bustling provincial town, had been rented for the benefit of Mr. Duncombe's health. The latter, who was a confirmed invalid, was looking anxiously for his daughter's arrival when she came into the little sitting-rooin, and, seating herself on a low stool at his knees, said breathlessly : "Dad, I've just been to Chetwynd. I've seen it. It is lovely. You never told me half how beautiful it is." "It is too tar, much too far for you to go by yourself, child. You must not do it again. I have been anxious aDout you." "I'm very sorry. It was selfish of me to be away so long, but I have so longed to get a glimpse of the old place. You promised to tell me the whole story when I was twenty^-one. Won't you do so now?—the old and the new story, as you called them." "Very well, Madge; but you must be content with a very brief account of both. I will reverse the usual order and tell the last, first. I am glad to get it soon over, as it was through me that your dear mother was disinherited. Her father never forgave her for marrying me; for I, though of good family, was only an artist, though a rising one, and comparatively poor. It made no difference when his only son died some little while after, and he bequeathed the whole of his fortune and estates to some distant cousin, who is now the owner of Chetwynd Abbey." "Why is it called 'Abbey ?' It is not a church or sacred edifice." "Therein lies the whole of the old story. It takes its name from a real abbey which once stood not far distant from whore the nominal one is now, from whence the monks were driven by order of the eighth Henry, and thenlands given to Hugh Delamere as a reward for his support of the King 8 supremacy as Head of the English Church. Sir Hugh was cousin to Baron Delamere of Chetwynd Hall, who, as a leal Catholic, took active part in the Pilgrimage of Grace, for which he was attainted, and all his estates bestowed upon his unworthy relative, Sir Hugh. It is this junction of properties which forms the present estate, though the old moMfltic building has long since disappeared. "And is this traitorous - apostate, Bir Hugh, my ancestor P" asked Margaret, in unmitigated disgust. .. _ "Yes, on your mother's side. On mine you descend from the old Baron Delamores, through my mother, whose family retained i&eir; ancient faith unbroken and untarnished through centuries of persecution; Your dear mother became a Catholic shortly after w© were married." "Was it that which made grandfather ao unforgiving?" 'Tin afraid it added fuel to the file though we Hoped he might relent when By the way, a sin 80me 8 g ^ S * * a J ? » curse, rests on fl T 8 * 18 Qesce ndanta, for the eldest son has never, sinco his time, been known to succeed to the estates. He ^.J?*"* 8 <%d before his father, and it Has always been a grandson, younger sou, nephew, or even more distantre- Jation, who inherited." "Is it—this curse—for sacrilege;'" M argftret, fearfully. heard that a curse was actu- 1 but it is known that when hot refused to leave, or did unt of his infirmities go fast 1 Hugh struck him to the His own hand! Your grandthe last of his family name, the sin is expiated at last, must not fret over your lost fortune, Madge. You are happy, are you e you heard fro |yP» m Cyril late- "Not very lately. I am expecting a letter by every post. Oh! there is only one post a day here. The country is lovely, but has its drawbacks." Margaret sprang up lightly as she spoke. A tall, lithe, blue-eyed maiden she was, with clear-cut features of what is called the patrician type, suited —so her father thought—more fitly for ancestral halls than tha cheaperies of middle-class life. With a sigh he resumed his interrupted task, which, however artistic, was not of the high order to which he had aspired, and in which he had actually achieved distinction when paralysis had blighted his hopes for ever. But if ambition had to be laid aside, need still remained. Skilful, high-class design was always in demand, a fact for which Mr. Duncombe had long since learned to be thankful. At the top of the ateep, ladder-like little staircase which led to her bedroom . Margaret met Lois, their faithful and only domestic, whose honest face, red and shiny from recent soap and water, beamed with satisfaction as she cried: "Now, there you be, Miss Marget. I'm that glad to see ye, ye'd 'ardly b'lieve. I've been in such a fright a- thinkin' about ye." "Did you think I'd got lost, Lois? 11 "No, it worn't that, though ye was a long timo gone. It was because of that there big dog of Farmer Bates's^that great savage beast as 'e keeps tied up in 'is barnyard. \E broke loose tliis afternoon, an' it wor somo time afore they got 'im agin. Meanwhile I thought you might meet 'im an' git bit." "I shouldn't have been afraid if I had met hhn loose. A chained dog who has to take charge, as it were, is always a little fierce—ought to be, perhaps. Besides, Fve made friends with Bran; he wouldn't hurt me." "Maybe, an' maybe not. It makes me all of a shiver to see you go so nigh that there great brute, as a'most frights me to death a-tuggm' an' 'owin' at ! is chain to git at me whenever I goes for the milk. But that ain't all about it neither. There was a mad dog run through the village a few days ago, and Bran got bit. Farmer Bates woirt 'ave it as there's anything wrong with 'is dog, and so long a3 'e keeps 'im tied up 'e can't do no 'arm; but I'm glad, anyway, to see ye come back all right!" "I'm sorry you've been uneasy about me, Lois. I have been a very long way tliis afternoon. I crossed the moors— such a long, wild, lonely walk—and got as far as Chetwynd Abbey, which I've been wanting to see ever since I came to Scarfell. I am glad I saw it. for i*- is a most beautiful old place.'' "Now, did ye really? They do tell such things about tKat place, wusser than ghosts, a'most. They say as 'ow one o' them Ten Plagues o' Hegypt as stuck to it for years and years. All the dear little eldest boys die off; but now that the old gentleman is dead there may be a change for the better, as there ain't no more sons left to die, an' some un of another name 'as the Habbey now. They must a' done somethin' awful bad. them old Delameres, for there's a rnyme about em—I got it by 'art to tell ye's—as says: "When i)e la Mere's old name is gone The penanoe shall be dreed and done." A good thing, too, they're all gone at last, don't ye thinlf f" Lois, who was an inveterate gossip, told all this with great unction, although she knew nothing of the ustener's tamily history. J\ either did ihp villagers suspect that the "artist gentle man " now staying among them was son-in-law to tho late owner of Chetwynd, or that tno tall, graceful girl whe had been unanimously voted as the "ladyest pussun ' they had ever "set nyew on" was its rightrul, though disinherited, hcircii. It was a little, out-of-the-w a£ , primitive place, tins moorland village of Scarfell, nearly five mixes from the nearest town. "Fortunately for the Duncombes, a Cathonc tamily of position had a country seat close by, where, when they were in residence, Mass was celebrated by their chaplain. It was this fact which had decided the visit, as, with Lois' stout arms to pull his invalid chair, iMr. Duncombe could go to Mass on Sund;u:. Meanwhile Margaret was greatly enjoying the delightful change, and although she no longer ventured upon excessively long walks, she daily strolled upon the breezy, wide-spreading, uplands, .which were a never-ending source ot pleasure to her. She loved the purple bloom on the heather, glowing rosecolour in the sunshine; the golden gorse, the bracken, already showing the lirst hues of its matchless "autumn chintz"; the free, fresh air, health- giving and inspiriting as it was sweet and natural- 'Ihere were drawbacks, it is true, to her unlimited pleasure—one, <«lasl a permanent one, in her father's health, which could never be much belter; the second the unaccountable silence of Cyril Ryaston, to whom she had been betrothed for. nearly two years, and whose station in .India was, she knew, none of the healthiest or safest, though she only knew this in part; the last, and for the time most pressing, was the sad plight of poor Bran, Farmer Bates's trusty and valuable watch-dog, now known beyond a doubt to be stricken witii hydrophobia, and doomed to be shot. It was guite a village tragedy. Especially did it seem BO to Margaret, who, a true child of "sweet Francis of Assisi," loved and felt pitifully for the bufferings of the dumb creation. Lois had noticed her young mistress's distress, ana bethinking herself of an excuse to get her out of the way when the shot was fired, which would put poor Bran out of his misery, she said: "The master was a-sayin' as 'ow he wanted a bit more o' that pink 'heathei same as you brought 'im t'other day. S'pose you fetch it; you ain't been out to-day. There'll be just time afore tea." The ruse, if Lois' little artifice might be called by that name, was successful. Margaret's care was to supply her father with the floral models he required for his work, so her hat was promptly donned, and she herself soon on her way to. wards the point on the moors where the required specimen was likely to be found. It was somewhat rare, and not partieularlv easy, to find among the masses, of the commoner sort; and the search for it so completely engrossed her attention that she did not look behind until she had gone a considerabledistance, quite out of sight of home. When she did a sight met her eyes that for a moment transfixed her with terror. Rushing towards her^n.d^pparently right on her track^^S^Li^SP 0^ which she knew JK'^^f^T^ of his dreadful/Gap?* even at a disj&hcp.; Behrtd^Jtay A>*t still a long wiyjjff, fpllowea at the top ot their sjfcSJd. She could sW the- Jhroken ropa/traiiing behind the>k& j^d^JS^y this that he had brokenWer^ft in a minute or two at most he would be upon her. tear her down, mangle her, seemed inevitable; those who followed were too distant, and would arrive too late to rescue her. Hiding place there was none. To run for her life was her only, yet hopeless, resource, for if the dog had seen her sho was doomed. Uttering a low, fervent invocation to Our Lady ot Muccour, she fled at right angles to the_path she had been taking, to whore a clump of low bushes, at the foot of some rising ground, offered the only, and tnat the merest, semblance of shelter m all the wide space around her. In desperate hope that the rabid animal would be more intent upon escaping from his pursuers than following her flight, she piunged into the litWc thicket, regardless ot the brambles that tore her clothes and scratched herliesh severely, >n overwhelming terror at the danger which threatened her from behind. Her hope proved to bo a most forlorn one. She had scarcely crouchcd down behind the thickest bush she could find when she saw the great brute making straight for her poor hiding place, with great bounding leaps of furious eagerness, awful to see. She gave herselt up for lost, and though an aspiration as of one in deadly peril rose in her heart, her tongue was powerless to give it utterance, until across her mind flashed the memory of the Martyrs of the Arena, St. Perpetua and her companions; and. though their glory would never be hers, their very names gave her courage and calmness to meet her fate. Suddenly iroin the moor, which rose rather steepily behind her, - there rang tho sharp report of a guuj and almost at the samo instant the great beast stopped short on his headlong course, swayed from side to side, and ihen fell prone and lifeless within a few feet of the' spot where Margaret crouched. A sure and most merciful bullpt had gone straight to its aim—the heart of the ravening brute, ending simultaneously his sufferings and the agonising suspense of poor Margaret, whose astonishment at her unexpected deliverance now surpassed her recent fear. Together with wonder, gratitude for her own safety, mingled with pity for poor Bran, filled her heart to the lull; but there was scarce time for an ejaculation of thankfulness before there came the sound of swiftly striding footsteps, and two men sprang from the hillock behind her, and ran up to the dead animal. There was a brief examination, and then one of them, who seemed to be a gamekeeper, said admiringly: "That was a good shot o' yourn, sir. Couldn't 'a' !>oen better. He's as dead as a stone." "It had to be," said the other, gravely. "Had there been need of a second one, the ladv—wherever has she—Margaret!" He sprang forward as he spoke to where Madge, pinned down by the briers, was staring into his deeply bronzed face with eyes that appeared to doubt tho evidence of her own sight. "Cyril?" was all she could say by wny of greeting—and that only in a hoarse whisper—to one she a moment befoie had honestly believed to be thousands of miles away. "Myself," he said, as he released her speedily from her prickly fetters. "You must have had a terrible fright, my poor, dear Madge. Thank God it was no worse!" Cyril spoke with deep feeling, raising his hat while both he and Margaret involuntarily made the Sign of the Cross. Soon ho drew her away from a scene which was becoming more animated every minute by the arrivals in detachments of parties of excited villagers, with whom Bran, his sickness and his fate, was the absorbing interest of the hour. "You may well be surprised," he said, when, well out of earshot, they were walking slowly homewards. "I will now answer your unasked questions, or part of them, as i read them in your eyes. I have had to return from India on unexpected business, and I did not write because I found that I could bring my news almost as soon as I could write it. Again, I wished to verify it, make sure t.Iiafc it was true, before I ventured to mention it." "Is it almost too good to be true, thenP" asked Madge, archly. "It is very good and as equally true. But, as we are so neaf home, if it please you, dear, I will tell you when we get there, for it is only a story, but an ev.ent which concerns all. I havo not asked after your father yet?" "He is a little stronger, that is all. Yes. tell us when we are all together— your story, as you call it;. but tell me If you want a first- class suit of clothes at a reasonable price—fit and disability combined—call on F. J. O'Connor, Bridge-road, Richmond. A fine assortment of woollens to select from. Flinders-Btreet trams paas the door. now bow y»u o»me to shoot the dog. I beard that man »y it WM you." "I was finding my way over the moons to Scarfell when I met the man, who was civily showing me the nearest way. Oil mounting some rifling ground we found ourselves overlooking a scene which, as you know it already too well, I won't describe. Fortunately, my comnanioii—some gamekooper, I suppose— had a loaded gun with him, with which f promptly took what you call 'French Joave,' my jungle experience having i aught me to know at a glance when the failure of one bullet might render a thousand useless." "Your 'jungle experience?' You never mentioned it before." "Did I notP My station is on the immediate outskirts of a pretty well stocked Bengalese 'preserve,'where game is occasionally apt to turn tables and hunt the hunter. Alter all, it is fair tport—the law of take and give strictly complied with. The world is none the ioser by an old man-eater or two bowled over out of it, and old Stripes' skin is .'i deal nicer to lie upon or look at than to have old (Stripes himself for a near neighbour. You look as though you think I am making myself out to be a mighty hunter. I am really nothing of the sort. I have had some good practice, for which, again, I thank God this day!" Mr. Duncombo forgot his surprise at Cyril's unexpected return in listening to tlie account of the afternoon's adventure, iiis gratitude for liis daughter's assured safety absorbing his entire interest until Murgaret said: "Now let us hear Cyril's good news. Whatever it is, I hope that it means Miat 'jungle experience' is no't to be renewed." "I don't think it will be," rejoined Cyril. "J don't know if I ever mentioned it to you, Mr. Duncombe, that I had a half-brother a good d«al older than myself?" "You may have done so; I forget." •'My mother's first husband was a Mr. Chnrteris, and John was nearly grown up when I was horn. He, like myself, was in the Indian Civil Service, but at far apart stations, and his much the bigger berth of the two. His was at Bombay, where a few weeks ago he died. Shortly before his death he came into a large estate in England—you look! I see—I think—you understand mo!" "Charteris'P' said Mr. Duncombe slowly. "If I am not mistaken—nay. 1 am •sure, that was the name of the man to nhom the Chetwynd property is left. Vou do not, cannot mean to say it was your brother ?" ' It was; though what relationship our i u other held to the Delameres I have no idea. Some 'Scotch cousinship" I suppose. John died childless, so I, being his only brother, am his heir!" "You the heir—the owner of Chetwynd 1 ibey! Incredible!" '0 Cyril!" cried Margaret, "is it really true? It sounds like a .romance, a dream!" "I must ask you to let me finish my story," replied Cyril gravely. "Knowing 1 did of your close connection with the Delamere family, I wished to be absolutely certain on every point before communicating with you ; so I returned immediately to England and had an interview with the lawyers who had drawn up Sir Walter Delamere's will. I saw it. It was just as I have heard. All had been left to John Charteris and his heirs, or, in event of his pre-decease, to his next heir." "And you have doubtless taken out ] irebate," said Mr. Duncombe, with some stiffening of manner, which Cyril ap- Marupa! Murupa'- Mavupa! is a cure Cor Influenza. When you find it coming on use Marppa, and it will drive away ;.he epidemic. Prevention IB better than cure. parentis failed to notice, JW also the question, aa he went on: "I asked one or two questions of t£ie lawyers and then returned to my hotel. for the purpose of -keeping an appointment with sotae one -who, in a most urgent note, had begged me to take no steps, legal or otherwise, till I had Been him. My interviewer was a Catholic priest, a professor in one of the colleges. And now comes the strangest part of my story, as told to me in his. "He had been summoned in urgent haste to the late Sir Walter Delamere's dying bed. In times past they had been firm friends, and, in spite of wide differences of thought and feeling, the old baronet had at heart a certain reverent regard for Fr. Beaumont, for whom, being in great distress of mind, he had sent at the eleventh hour; the result being that he died a Catholic I No one knew of it except Fr. Beaumont, and naturally no one believed it, and consequently lie was buried as a Protestant in the'Protestant family vault. By his directions Fr. Beaumont hastily drew up a brief will which, superceding all previous ones, made his only grandchild, Margaret Duncombe, his sole and absolute heiress.'' Cyril paused, but his hearers remained silent Surprise had reached a point which had deprived them of all wish to question. He turned towards Margaret as ho continued: "Will you be greatly disappointed, dear, to know that before this will could be signed your grandfather passed away?—his good intentions for ever frustrated by the fatal, irretrievable—too late!" "I disappointed! Why?" cried Margaret. "I am glad and happy beyond expression—happier than I have ever been in my life, and, for the rest, is it not after'all just the same?" "No! It is not the same by any means," rejoined Mr. Duncombe. "Thankful as I am at your grandfather's conversion and his dying wishes on your behalf, I can but view with regret the fact that it is only as Cyril's wife that you can claim a share in what should be —what is, your own birthright. An unsigned, unwitnessed will is as worthless as the parchment upon which it 16 written." "Just so—m law," said Cyril. "But suppose no other will to exist; what then?" "Why, Margaret would inherit, of course, as nearest of kin. Is not that question superfluous, sincc the case is so different?" "There is no other .will! It Is destroyed—burnt by me in the presence of the lawyers who drew up the document which would nave bestowed upon me a gift I could only take from Margaret's own hand. Probate, you see, had not been taken!" "You did what? Cyril, you are a noble fellow. Not one in ten thousand would have done the same. I am ashamed that I undervalued your honour even for a passing moment. Forgive me. Perhaps I could not rise to your height of purpose, your rense of true chivalry being loftier than mine."" "No, no, nothing of the sort. 1 am only a very selfish fellow who in giving a present witli one hand, holds the other out, open and empty, to take it back. Did—does not Margaret say 'it is just the same?'" ' If you outdo me iu generosity," replied Madge, "you will not do so in the pleasure of giving. To give! Is there not in that tiny sentence the whole blisB of wealth, the worst bane of povertyP Dad, now that you need no longer to work for money, but only for the 'love of working,' will you design the Church of Reparation for Chetwynd, which is the first—the very first i hing we must think about, is it not?" "That was Fr. Beaumont's own suggestion," said Cyril. "He, too, is of old North-country family, and knowB of the sacrifices the old Delameres made for the Faith He says that it is by no means a singular pircum. Btance for the descendants of despdQen of consecrated property to fluffed Btmng* dynastic iroublee| iand that more one noble house hasto pay, as though it were a tax, the hereditary penalty of some ancestral sin of sacrifice." "And will most probably continue so until their tardy reparation is made," added Mr. Duncombe. "If 'the mills of God grind slowly,' they do their work very surely, as not only isolated families, but wide-world nations have had woful experience of ere now, and may do so again. You are quite in the right, Madge. We will set about our own part in the great work at once. Give me my charcoal-box, child, and let me try my hand—a very'prentice one in this line, I fear—at limning something spireu and pinnacled, with arches pointing heavenward—a sermon in stone." "Make it a 'poem in stone' as well, Dad." "Nay, Madge, <we must wait for that until our own old Westminster is ours again." 