The Shade of Dacey. L-Bevised VEitaiOK.J By request of Mr. T. Casey we publish the revised version of the Dacey-Casey episode. The previous jingle was composed by our 'office devil,' but as there were some slight inaccuracies we give the full text. 'Dacey had a spectre gaunt, a phantom stern and And everywhere that Dacey went it followed after him. It tracked him up to Coraki, it got into the hall, And asked him questions by the yard on subjects great and small. fThen Dacey went to Lismore, but it followed him up there, And when it put a question he whispered to the chair : ' The question is not on the Bill— there is no sugar there, — And to atiHwer it against my will I won't, I do declare.' It shouted out, 'You challenged me ; get up, sir, if you can. Or the audience here can plainly see you are no gentleman.' *When Dacey fled to Casino it got upon his track, And haunted und harassed him till he turneidhis foot8te|)s back. It got to Ballina with him, And sipped his toddy there, And that 'twould have poor Dacey's scalp the people did declare, tit walked about the arcade, and a slim young man came near ; He said, 'Is your name Dacey?'.' and a voice said 'Yes,' quite clear. 'Then come into the parlor.' He rang the bell for drink. When the hostess brought the order he parted up the jink. He tried then to administer an anti-bilious pill, But found his guest, to his dismay, repulsed him with a will. ' I don't care what the anties say ; I'll steer the Federal ship.' It took poor Dacey's toddy up, and drank it sip by sip. 'Here is to Federation ! I will drink this toast with thee. What's all this botheration ! Down with mon opoly ! ' As a last resort the sugar men, by their mouth piece Mr. Knox, Sent forth a manifesto ns cunning as a fox : — 'If you vote for Federation the sugar will come down, According to taxation, as low down as a crown.' ' You loyal sons of liberty, go to the ballot box, Strike down that huge monopoly, built up by Sugar Knox.' And tlmn it bowed and walked straight out, but still it lingered near, *And waited patiently about till Dacey did ap pear; And then it ran to him, and put its questions once again, While the audience relented, and cheered with might and main. 'What makes the ghost haunt Dacey so ?' the people all did cry — 'Because he's on the crooked path,' came back the prompt reply. Then Ducey fled to Bangalow, but the shade turned up there too. And Dacey's knees did tremble when the spectre came in view. Says he, 'I'll fly to Murwillumbah, it surely won't come tln're But soon his hopes wero dashed away, and he was in despair— For when the train he boarded and the carriages did scan, The first thing that ho saw was that infernal bogey man. Disquieted he left the spot, and vigorously swore That till the spirit wus laid low, he would come there no more. This awful threat the people heard with counten ances sad, . ? But some declare— perhaps with truth— that they were very glad. At anyrute the cross they bear, and laugh with all their heart, When they recall poor Dacey's fears and Casey's active part. -Original. tEovisod, ' 