THE CASTLE OF OTRANTO. CHAPTER I (Continued) (BY HORACE WALPOLE). As these though is passed through her mind, she recollected a subterraneous passage which [?] from the [?] of the castle to the church of St. [?]cholas. Could she reach the altar was overtaken, ah© knew even Manfred's violence would nob dare to profane the aacreducss of the place ; and she determined, if no, other means of :de livorance offered, to shut herself up for. over among the holy virgins whose convent was contiguous tg the cathedral. In this resolu tion, she seized a lamp that burned at the foot of the staircase, and hurried towards the secret passage. The lower part of the castle was hollowed into several intricate cloisters; and it was nob easy for-one under so much anxiety, to find the door-that opened into,the caverii. An awful silence throughout those subterraneous regions, except now and then some, blasts of wind that shook the doors she had passed, and which, grating on the rusty hinges, word re-echoed: through that long labyrinth of darkness. Every murmur struck her with nowtorror;; yet more she dreaded to hear the.wrathful voice of Manfred urging Ids domestics to pursue her. ■ She. , trod as softly as: impatience would E*vo her leave, yet frequently stopped and itened to hear if she was followed. In one of those moments site thought 8 h 0 hear a sigh. She shuddered, and recoiled a few paces. In a moment she thought she heard tho step of some person. Her blood curdled ; she concluded it was Manfred. Every sug gestion that horror could inspire rushed into her mind. She condemned her rash flight, which had- thus .exposed her to his rage, in a place where her cries wore not likely to draw anybody- to her assistance. Yet the sound seemed not to come from behind. If Manfred knew where slip was, ho must have followed her. She was still in one of the cloisters, and the stejw she had heard were too distinct to proceed from the way- she had come. Cheered with this reflection, and boiling to find a friend in whoever was not the Prince, she was going to advance, when a door that stood ajar, at some distance to tho'left, was opened gently; but ere her lamp, which she hold up, could discover who opened it, the-person retreated ureciptately on seeing the light. Isabella, whom every incident was suffi cient to dismay, hesitated whether she should proceed. Her dread of. Manfred soon outweighed every other terror.. The very’ circumstance of the person avoiding-her gave her a sort of courage. It could only be, she thought, some domestie the castle. Her gentleness had never raised her an enemy, and conscious innocence made her hope that, unless sent by the Prince’s order to seek her, his servants would racher,assist than prevent her flight. Fortifying" herself with these reflections, and believing by what aho; could observe that she was near the mouth of the subterraneous cavern, she ap proached the door that had been opened ; but a sudden gust of wind that xqet her at Idip door extinguished her lam]), ai d left her in total darkness. Words cannot paint the horror of the Prin cess’ situation. Alone in so dismal a place, her mind imprinted .with all .the terrible events oL tho day, hopeless of escaping, ex pecting, every-momout the arrival of Man fred, and far from tranquil on knowing she was' within reach of somebody, she knew not whom, who for some cause seemed con cealed all these thoughts crowd ed on her distracted mind, and she was ready to sink under her apprehensions. She addressed herself to every saint in heaven, tfhd invariably implored their assistance. For a considerable time she remained in an agony of despair. ‘ ... At last, as softly as was-possible, she felt; for the. door, and-having found It, entered trembling into the vault from whence she had heard the sigh and steps. It gave her a kind of momentary joy, to perceive an imperfect ray of clouded moonshine gleam from tho roof of the vault, which seemed to he fallen in, and from whence hung'a frag ment-of earth or building, she-eould not dis tinguish which, that appeared ro have been crushed inwards. - She advanced eagerly to wards tliis chasm, when she discerned a human form standing close against, the wall. She shrieked, believing it the ghost of her bethrothed Conrad. The figure, advancing, said; in a submissive voice— "Be not alarmed, Lady ; I will not injure you.” Isabella, a little encouraged by the words and tone of voice of the stranger, and r*> collecting that this must be the person who Had opened the door, recovered her spirits enough to reply— "Sir, whoever you are, take pity on a wretched Princess; standing on the brink of destruction. Assist me to escape from this fatal castle, or in a few momenta I may be made miserable for ever.” "Alas!” said the stranger, “what can I do to assist you-?-I will die in your defence ; hut X am unacquainted with the <astle, and want—” “Oil!” said Isabella, hastily interrupting bim ; “help mo. but to trao-door that must be hereabouts, and .it is the greatest service you can do mo, for X nave not a minute to lose.” ■ • Saying these words, she felt about on the pavement, and directed the stranger tr search likewise, for a smooth niece of brass enclosed -in one of the stones. “That,” said she, “is the -lock - which opens with a spring, of which I know the secret. If wo can find tliat; I may escape—*f not, alas! courteous stranger ; I fear I sholl have involved you in my misfortunesManfred will suspect you for the accomplice of my flight, and you will fall a victim to his re sentment.” "I value hot my life,” said the stranger, “and it will be -some comfort to lose .it in trying to deliver you from this tyranny.” “Generous youth," said Isabella, “how shall I ever requite ” As she uttered those words, a ray of moonshine, streaming through tho cranny of the ruin above, shone directly on the lock they sought, ... . “Oh, transport I” said Isabella; “here is tlie trap-door!” and, taking out the key, she touched the spring, which* starting aside, discovered an iron ring. “Lift up tho door,” said the Princess, The stronger obeyed, ami beneath ap peared some stone, steps descending into a vault’.totally dork. . ■, • “We.must go down here,” said Isabela 1 “Fellow me ; dork and dismal as \\\> is, wc cbi not miss our way ; it'leads directly to tho Church of St. Nicholas. But, perhaps, added the Princess modestly, “you have no’ reason to leave the castle, nor hove I for-, ther occasion for your .service; in a few minutes I shall be safe from Manfred’s rage —only let me know to whom I am so muchj obliged,” “I will never quit y6u,” said the strongt;* eagerly, “until I have placed you’in safety ~ nor think me. Princess,, more genorms than X am ; though you are.my,principal care— -The stranger, was intcmiptcd by a sudden ; ply oices-that seemed approaching, yend: they eoon : distinguished those words —.. . - “Talk ppt to. mo of necromancers; I tell you she must be ih the castle; I will find her in spita^qt.cpbltantmont;” “Oh, - heavens !, cried Isabella ; “it Is the voice Of Manfred! ■' Make haste, or wc are ruined ! and shut tho trap-door after ■you.” V : , Saying this, she descended the steps pre cipitately ; and os the stranger /hastened to follow her, ho let;the;dQorrslip cnifc of hia liimds ; it fell, 'and the spring over it. He tried in vain to open it, : not . having ob served Isabella’s method of torching flic spring ; nor had lie. many inoment& to/fiuke. an essay. Tlio noise of the falling dole • had boon heard ’by Manfred,, who.;directed by the sound, hastened thither, attended’ by his servants .with- torches. ‘ '?.*{■ “It miist.be Isabella,*’ cried Mnnfred,, be fore he entered, the. vault, “She is escaping by the subterraneous passage, hut She con rot hare got far,? What was the astoiiislimenfc of the Prince whoa, Instep of .‘Ughi of the torches discoyerod:tq; him;tjho ybuxig pcassirt whom fie 'Litol ■holmetl ' •' vr; '‘Traitor!” said Manfred; "how earnest tiiou hereTl thought thee in durance above m tho court." , 11111 7'° traitor," replied the young man boldly, “nor am 1 answerable lor vour thoughts." ... ' ; “Presumptuous villain!" cried Manfred , I dost thou provoke my wrath? Toll me. how hast thou escaped from above? Then hast corrupted thy guards, and thoir lives shall answer it.” • poverty," said the peasant, calmly, will disculpate them: though the ministers a tyrant's wrath, to thee-they are faith ruL.and but too willing to execute the orders winch you have ■unjustly imposed upon them.’” "Art thou so hardy' as dare my ven geance T said the Prince ; “but tortures all 'll force the',truth from thee. Toll me '; I will know thy accomplices." ' "There was my accomplice 1” said the youth, smiling, and pointing to the roof. Manfred ordered tho torches to be hold up, and perceived that one of the cheek? of the enchanted casque had forced it way through the pavement of the Court, as his servants had lob it fall over tho peasant, and had broken through into the vault, leaving a gap, which-the peasant had pressed himself some minutes before he was found by Isabella. “Was that, the way by which thou didst descend?" said Manfred’. "It was,” said the youth, . - “But what noise was that,” said Manfred. \- winch I hoard as I entered tho ■ loister “A door clapped,” said the peasant ; 1 heard it .as well'as you.” "Wliat door?” said Manfred hastily. "I am not acquainted with your cast*e,” said the peasant; "this is the first tim? I ever entered it, and this vault lie only part of it within which J[ ever was,” "But-1 tell thee,” said Manfred (wishing to find, out if the youth had discovered tho trap-door), “it was this way I heard. the noise. My servants heard it too.”, "My Lord,” interrupted one of them offi ciously, “to be sure it was the 'rap-door, and ho was going to.make his escape.” j “Peace, blockhead!” said the Prince an grily ; “if he, was going to escape, how j should ho-come on this side? I will know from ■ his own mouth what noise it was T heard. Tell me truly ; thy life depands on thy veracity.” "My voracity is dearer to me than my life,” said the peasant; "nor would I pur chase the one by forfeiting the other.” “Indeed, young philosopher!” Man fred contemptuously ; "tell me, hum, what was tho noise I heard?” “Ask mo what I can answer,” sai dhe, “and put mo to death instantlvf I tell you a lie.” Manfred, growing impatient at tho steady valor and indifference of the youth, cried— "Well, then, thou man of truth, answer! Was it the foil of the trap- door that I heard?” "It was,’” said the youth. "It was!”, said the Prince. “And how didst tljpu come to know there was a trajv | door here ?” "I saw the plate of brass by a gleam of moonshine," replied he. ‘‘But what told thee it was a lock?” said Manfred. “How didst thou discover the secret of opening it?” "Providence, tliat delivered me from the helmet, was able to direct me to the spring <:-f a lock," said he. \- "Providence should have gone a little farther, and have placed thee out of the reach of my resentment.” snid Manfred. "When Providence had taught 'hee to open the lock, it abandoned thee for a fool, who did not know how to make use of its favors. Why didst thou not pursue'the jwth pointed : f "t for thy escape ? Why didst thou shut the trap door before thou hndst descended ,the stops?” “I might ask you, my Lord,” said the peasant-, "how I. totally unacquainted with vour castle, was to know that those steps led <o any outlet? but I scorn to evade your | questions. Wherever -those steps lead"Tto, j 'rhajjs I should liave explored the way— . 1, could not be in a worse situation than I w.*s. But tbo truth is, I let the trajwloor f .-U r your immediate, arrival; followed. I ►had given tho' alarm—-what imported it to \- mo whether I was seized a minute sooner or a minute later ?” "Thou art a resolute villian for thy years,” cud Manfred ; "yot on reflection I suspect thou dost but trifle with me. Thou hast not yet told mo how thou didst open the lock.” “That I will show von, my Lord," said t he peasant; and, taking up a fragment of stone that had fallen from above, ho laid himself on the trap-door, and began, to beat on the piece of brass that covered it, moan ing to train time for the escape of the Prin cess. This presence of mind, Joined to the frankness of the youth, staggered "Manfred. He even felt a disposition towards pardoning one who Imd been guilty of no-crime. .Man fred was not one of those savage tyrants : who wanton in' cruelty unprovoked, , The circumstances of his fortune liad given an asperity Vo his, temper, which was naturally humane ; and his virtues were always ready to operate, when his passions did hot ob curo his reason. , While tho Prince was in tips suspense, a confused noise of voices, echoed'through the .distant vaults. As the sound approached, bo distinguished the clamors of s)me of his domestics, whom lie had dispersed through the castle in search of Isabella, calling out "Where'is my lord ? where is Hie Prince?” “Here I am,” said Manfred, as they came nearer; "have you found the Princess ?” Tho first that arrived, replied, "Oh, my lord! I am, glad we have found you.” . "Fdimd.mc!” said Manfred; "have you found the Princess?” , "We thought we had. rny lord," said the fellow, looking terrified, "but ” "But, what?” cried tho Prince; “has she escaped?” , “ Jaquez and I, mv lord ” "Yes, I and Diego." in.ternmted the se cond, who came up in still greater consterna :on. “Speak one of you at a time,” said Man fred ; “X;ask you, where is (he Princess?” "We do not know,” said they both to gether ; "but we arc frightened ..ut of our wits.” "So I think, blockheads,” said Manfred ; j "what is it has scared you thus ?” “Oh! mj' Lord,” snid Jaquez, ‘Diego has seen such a sight I your Highness would not believe our eyes.” "What new absurdity is this?” cried Man fred ;. "givc me a direct answer, or, bv Hea ven ” "Why, my lord, if it please your Highness to hear mo,” said the poor fellow, "Diego and I "Yes, Lind Jaquez-—" cried his com rade. "Did not-1 forbid yon to speak both at a time?” said the Prince ; "you Jaqucz, an swer ; for the other fool seems more dis tracted than thou art; what is the matter ?” "My gracious lord,” said Jaqucz, “if it please your Highness to hoar me ; Diego and I, according to your Highness’s orders, went! to search for the young lady ; but being comprehensive 'that we might moot the ghost of my young lord, your Highness’s son, God rest' his soul, as /ic has r, ot received Christian burial——” '.'Sob"!” cried Manfred in a rago; “ is it only-a.ghost, then,, that thou hast seen?” "Oh ! worse \ ' worse 1 ! • my iord,” cried Diego; “I had rather have seen ton whole ghosts.” -... . .“Grant .me pwenpoV” said Manfred; "these blockheads distract mo. Out of my sight,- Diego! land thou, Jaquez, tell me in one word-, art,thou sober? art diou raving? Thou wosb wont to have some sense ; lias the .other-sot frightened himself and thee,; too? Bpcak ; what is it he.fancies he has seen?” "Why, my lord,” replied Jaquez, trembl ing, "T was going to tell your Highness, that since the calamitous misfortune 'j my voung lord, God rest his precious soul! pot one of us your Highness’s faithful servants—indeed wc are, my lord, though poor men—l say. not one of us has dared to set a foot ao uit the castle, hut two together; so I, thinking that my young lady might ne in the great gallery, wont up there to look for her, and tell her your Highness wanted Something to impart,to her.” . ■ . "Q iblundcrirtg.' fools!” cried Manfred ; 'fund in the meantime she has _ made .her es cape, because you wore afraid of goblins.— • l?v, thou knavo I she loft me in the gal lery; 1 came from tljcnco myself./ - .“For all;(kat, she may ‘he there still hr alight X lrpow,” said Jaqucz ; /'but the devil; f-hrll havVrao before I seek her there again —poor Diego! I do not believe ha will ever reedver it.’ r . . ' _ "Itecorer wh4fc?'‘ said Manfred ; faitf J. never to learn what it is has terrified these roseate ; —but I lose my time; follow' me, slave ; I will sec if she in in the »aUory.” “For Heaven’s sake, my dear, good lord " cried 'Jaquez, -“do not go to the gallery! Srlah lumsolf I believe is in the chamber nvsn to the gallefy.” N Manfred, who hitherto had treated the I terror of his servants as an idle panic, was I struck at this new circumstance. He rcool i Icted the apparition of the portrait, and I the sudden closing of the door at vho end of the gallery. His voice faltered, and he. asked with disorder— “ What is in the great chamber}" “My lord.” said .Tuques, "when l.»Ugo and I came into the gallery, he went first, for ho sail he bad more courage than 1. .So v'hen we came into the gallery we iouud-no bedy. We looked trader every bem.h and stool; and still wo found nobody.” “Were all the pictures in their places?’ s iul Manfred. . “Yea, ray lord,” answered Jaquez; "but we did not think of looking behind them ” “Well, well!” said Manfred ; “proc»uL'’ “Wken we the door of the great xharaber," continued Jaquez, “we found it shut”’ “And cotild not you open it?” said Man fred. “Oh, ys, my lord ; would to Heaven we had not!” replied he—“nay, it was net I neither; it was Diego ; he was grown fool hardy, and would go on, though I ad'/wed huh not—lf ever I open a door that ,s shut again ’’ “Trifle not,” said . Manfred, shuddering, “but tell mo what you saw in the gteat chi-mbor on opening tlie door.” 1 “I! my lord!” said Jaquez; ‘I saw no thing; I was behind Diego ; but 1 heard the noise.” “Jaquez,’' said Manfred, in a solemn tone of toice; “toll me, I adjure thee by the souls of ray ancestors, what was it thou sawest? what was it thou heardost?” “It was Diego saw. it, my lord, it. was no'. T,” replied Jaquez ; “I only heard the noise. Ibtgo had no sooner opened the door, than he cried out, and ran back. I ran back, bjo, and said, 'la it the ghost?’ 'The ghosi! no, no,’ said Diego, and his hair stood on end—‘it is a giant, I believe ; he k> all clad in. armor, for I saw his foot and pait of his la/, and they are as large as the he!mot below in the , court.’ As he said these words, my lord-, wc hoard a violent, motion ami the rattling of armor, as if the giant was rising, for Diego has told mo that ho believes the giant was lying down, lor the f >ot and leg were stretched at length on the floor. Before we could get to the end of the gallery, wo heard the door of the groat chamber clap behind us, but we did not dare turn back to see if the giant was fodowi-'j.' us—yet, now I thing on it, wc must have heard him if he had pursued us--bub fir Heaven’s sake, good my lord, send for the chaplain, and have the castle exorcised for, for certain, it is enchanted.” “Ay, pray do, my lord,” cried all the ser vants at once, “or we must leave your E»gh ntss’s service,” “Peace, dotards!” said Manfred, “and fol low me; I will know what all this means ” “Wo! my lord!” cried they with one voice ; “we would not go up to uhe gallery for your Highness’s revenue.” The young peasant, who had stood silent, now spoke. “Will 3'onr Highness,” said he, “permit me to try this adventure? My life is of con sequence to nobody ; I fear no bad and have offended no good one.” “Your behavior is above your seeming,” said Manfred, viewing him with surprise and admiration—“hereafter I will reward yopr bravery—but now," continued he with a sigh, “X am so circumstanced, tliatl df.ro trust no eyes bub my own. However, I give you leave to accompany me,” . Manfred, when he first followed Isabel!., from the gallery, had gone directly to, the apartment of his wife, concluding the Prin cess had retired thither. Hippolita, who knew his step, rose with anxious fondness to meet her lord, who mslio lied not seen since tlie death of their son. She would have flown in a transport mixed with joy and grief to his bosom,, but hp pushed her. rudely off, and said— “Where-is Isabella?” “Isabella ! my lord !” said the astonished Hippolita: “Yes, Isabella,” cried Manfred imperi ously ; “I want Isabella.” “My lord,” replied Matilda, who perceived how much his behavior had shocked her mother, “she has not been with us since your Highness summoned her to your apait mont.” ; “Tell mo where she is,” said the Prince ; “I do , not want to know where she has been.” “My good lord,” says Hippolita, “ your daughter tells yon the truth; Isabella left us by your command, and lias not returned since;—biit, my good lord, compose your self ; retire to rest; this dismal day lias disordered you. Isabella shall waft your orders in the morning.” “What, then, you know where she is!" cried Manfred. “Tell me directly,' for I ■will not lose an instant—and you, woman/ speaking to his wife, “order your "haplmn co attend me forthwith.” - “Isabella,” said Hippolita calmly, “is re tired, I suppose, to her chamber; she is rot accustomed to watch at tills late hour. Gracious my lord,” continued she, “lei me know what has disturbed you. Has Isabella offended you ?” “Trouble me not with questions,” said Manfred, “but tell mo whore she is.” “Matilda shall call her,” said the Prin .fas. “Sit down, my lord, and resume your wonted fortitude.” , . , ' , “WhaV'art thou jealous of Isabella?” re plied he, “that you wish to be present at our interview!" “Good heavens! my lord," said Hipjiolita “what is it your Highness means?” “Thou wilt know ere many minutes are passed,” said the cruel Prince, "Sen I jour chaplain, to me, and wait my pleasure h r re.” At these words ho flung out of the room in search of Isabella, leaving the amazed ladies thunderstruck -with his words and frantic deportment, and'lost in vain con jectures on what he was meditating. Manfred was now returning from the vault, attended by the peasant and a few of his servants whom he had obliged to accom pany him. He ascended the staircase without stopping till ho arrived at the gallery, at the door of which he mot Hippolita and her chaplain. When Diego had been dismissed by Manfred, he had gone directly to the Princess’s apartment with the alarm of what lie had seen. That excellent lady, who no more than Manfred doubted of the reality of the vision, yet affected to treat it os a delirium of the servant. Willing, however, to save her lord from any additional shock,,' and prepared by a series of griefs nob to tremble at any accession to it, she deter mined to make herself the first saeritkse,-if fate had marked the present hour for their destruction. Dismissing the reluctant Ma tilda to her rest, who in vain sued for leave to accompany her'mother, and attended only by her chaplain, Hippolita had visited the gallery and great chamber ; and now with inrro serenity of eoul than she had. felt for many hours, she .met her lord, and assured him that the vision of the gigantic leg and foot was all a fable ; and no doubt ar im pr’oasion made by- fear, and the dark and dismal hour of the night, on the minds of Ins servants. She ami the chaplain had examined the chamber, and found everything in the usual order. , Manfred, though persuaded, like his wife, that the vision had boon no work of fancy, recovered a little from the tempest of mind Into which so many strange /mentis had thrown liim. Ashamed, too, of his inlmniftn treatment of and Princess who returned every injury with now marks of tenderness and duty, he felt returning love forcing itself into his eyes ; but not less ashamed of fooling remorse towards one against whom ho was inwardly meditating a yob more bitter out rage,, ho curbed the yearnings of his heart, and did not dare to loan oven t wards, pity. The next transition of his soul was to ex quisite villainy. Presuming in the unshaken submission of Hippolita, ho flattered himself that she would not, only acquiesce with patience to a di vorce, Tmt would obey, if it was his pleasure, in endeavoring to persuade Isabella to give him her hand —but ore ho could, indulge his horrid hope, ho reflected that Isabella was not to bo found. Coming to himself, he gave orders that every Avonuoto the enable should be strictly giumlod, and: charged his domes tics on pain of their lives to suffer nobody to pass out. The young peasant, to whom lie spoko favorably, ho ordered to remain in a small chamber on the stairs, in which there was a pallet-bed, and the key of which he took away himself, telling the youth he would talk with him in the morning. /Then: dismissing his attendants, arid bestowing a ‘ sullen kind of half-nod on- Hippolita, he re tired to his own ohaMber. CHAPTER II. • Matilda, who by Hippolita’s order had retired toiler apartment, was ill-diHjiohed to take any rest. The shocking fate of her brother had deeply affected lic*r. She was mirpised at not seeing Isabella ; but the strange words which had fallen from her father, and his obscure meiia;*to tlio Prin cess his wife, accompanied by the most furi ous behavior, had filled her gentle mind with terror and alarm. She waited anxiously, for the return of Bianca, a young damsel that attended her, whom she had sent to learn hat was- become of Isabella. Bianca soon appeared, and informed her mistress of what she had gathered from the servants, that Isabella was nowhlre to be found. »Slte re lated the adventure of the young peasant who had been discovered,in-the vault, though with many simple additions from the in coherent accounts of the domestics ; ami she dwelt principally on the gigantic leg and foot which had been seen in the gallery-, chamber. This last circumstance nail toni fied Bianca so much, that, she was rejoiced when Matilda told her she would not go to rest, -but woukb watch till the Princess should rise. The' 3’oung Princess wearied herself in conjectures on the flight of Isabella, and on the threats of Manfred to her mother. "But, what business could -he have so urgent w ith. tho chaplain?" said Matilda, "Boos he in tend to have my brother's body interred privately in the chapel?" . "Oh, madam!" said Bianca, "now I coess. As you arc become his heiress, ho is im patient to have you married-; ho has always .been raving for more sons ; I warrant be is how impatient for grandsons. As sure as I live, madam, I shall see you a bride at last. '—Good madam, you won’t cast off your faithful Bianca; you won’t put Donna Ro sara ovo rme, now you are a great Prin cess.” ' "My poor Bianca,” said Matilda, "how fast your thoughts amble! I a groat Prin cess! What host thou seen in Manfred's behavior since my brother’s death that bo sjieaks any increase of tenderness to me? No, Bianca ; his heart was ever a stranger U> me —but he is my father, and T must not complain. Nay, if Heaven shuts my father's heart against me, it overpays my little merit in the tenderness of my mother—0 that dear mother! yes, Bianca,’tis there I foe! the rugged temper of Manfred. I can support his liarshncss to me with patience ; but it. wounds my soul when I am witness to his causeless severity towards her.” "Oh! madam,” said Bianca, ‘all men use their wives so, when they are weary of them.” "And yet you congratulated me but noiv,” said Matilda, “when‘you fancied my father intended to dispose of me!” "I would have yon a great lady,” replied Bianca, ‘’come what will. I do nob wish to see you moped in a convent, as you would be if you had your will, and if my lady, your mother, who knows that a bad husband is better than no husband at all, did not hinder .you.—Bless me ! what noise is timt! •St. Nicholas forgive me! 1 was but in jest." ‘Tb is the wind,” said Matilda, whistling through the battlements in the tower above. ■; you have heard it a thousand times." “Nay,” said Baines, "there was no harm neither in what I said ; it is no sin to talk of matrimony—and so, madam, rs I was .‘■fly ing, if my lord Manfred shoidd offer you a handsome .young prince for a bridegroom, you would drop him a curtsey, and tell him you would rather take the veil ?" “Thank Heaven !’I am in no such danger,” said Matilda ; “you know how many pro posals for me he 1ms rejected ” “And yon thank him, like a dutiful daugh ter. do you, madam ? Bur come, madam ; suppose, io-inorrow morning, he was tosmd for you to the great council chamber, and there yon should find «t his elbow .'a lovely young Prince, with ' large * black eyes, a smooth white forehead, and' manly curling, locks like jet; in short, madam, a young hero resembling the picture of Die good Alfonso in tho gallery, which you sit and gaze at for hours together—” "Do not speak lightly of i hat picture,” interrupted Matilda sighing ; “I know the adoration with which I look at that picture is uncommon —but I am nob iii.Jove with a colored panel. The character of\that virtu ous Prince, the veneration with which my mother has inspired me for his memory, tho which, I know nob why, she has en joined me to pour forth at his tomb, all have concurred to persuade me 'hat jome . how or other my destiny is linked with some thing relating to him.” “Lord, madam! how should that be ?,’’ said Bianca; "I have always heard that your family was in no way related to lus ; and I. am sure I cannot conceive why my lady, the princess, sends you in a cold iQOV’nng.or a damp croning'to pray at his tomb ; he is no saint by the almanack. If -you must pray, why/does she not bid you address yourself to our great St. Nicholas? I- nm, sure ho is the saint I pray to for a husband.”' "Perlinps my mind would be less effected,” said Matilda, "if ray mother would explain her reasons to mo ; but it is tho mystery she observes, that inspires mo with this—T know not what to call it. As she never acts from caprice, I am sure there is some fatal secret at bottom—nay, I know there is ; in her agony of grief for my brother’s death "she dropped some ivrods that intimated as much.” “ Oh! dear madam, cried Bianca, "what wore they ?” “No,” said Matilda, "if a parent lets iall a word, and wishes it recalled, It is not for a child to utter it.” “Whot! was she sorry for what she had said?” asked Bianca; “I am sure, madam, yon may trust me ” “With my own little secrets when I have (iny, I may!” said Matilda ; "but never with , my mother’s ; a child ought to have no cars or eyes, but as a parent directs.’ "Well! to bo sure, madam, you wore born to be a saint,” said Bianca, "and there is no resisting one’s vocation ; you will end in a convent at last. But there is my Lady Isa bella would not bo so reserved to me ; she will let me talk to her of young men ; and when a handsome cavalier has come to the castle, she lias owned to me that she unshod your brother Conrad resembled him.” "Bianca,” said tho Princess, “ I do not allow you to mention my friend disrepect fully. Isabella is of a cheerful disuosition, bub her soul is pure os virtue ilaolf. She knows your idle babbling humor, and per-. ha;>a has now and thou encouraged it, to divert melancholy, and enliven the solitude in which my father keeps us ” “Blessed Mary I” said .Bianco, starting, "there it is again! Dear madam, do you hear notlfing? this castle is certainly haunted I” - - "Peace!” said Matilda, "and listen 1 I did think .1 heard a voice—bu< it must bo fancy; your terrors, I suppose, have in fected me,” . "Indtcd! indeed! madam,” said Bianca, half weeping with agony, "I :.m sure I hoard a voice.” "Docs anybody lie in tho chamber be neath?” said tho Princess. "Nobody has dared to lie there',” answered Bianca, "since the great astrologer, that was your brother's tutor, drowned himself. For certain, madam, his ghost and the voung Prince’s arc now mot in the chamber below ■ .—for Heaven’s sake lot ua ffy to your mother’s apartment!” "I charge you not to stir,” said Matilda. "Tf they arc spirits in pain, wo may on so their sufferings'by questioning thcm u They can mean no hurt to us,, for ivo have not injured them—and if they, should, shall we lie more safe in one chamber than in an other? Reach mo my beads ; we-will say a prayer, and then speak to them.” "Oh ! door lady, I would not speak to a . glioat for tho world !” cried Bianca. As she said those words thev heard the cnaement , of the little chamber below’ Matilda’s open. They listened attentively, and In ; a Jew minutes thought thoy ( heard a person sing, but could not distinguish tho words. "This can bo no evil spirit,’’ said tlio . Princess, in a low voce ; "it is-undoubtedly, one of the family—open the window, and wo shall know tlio Voice.” ;‘T dare not, indeed, madam,” said Bianca, "Thou art a very fool,” said Matilda, opening tho vrtndow gently herself. The noise tho Princess made was, however,,hoard ' by-tho person beneath, who otopped; and I they concluded Jiad heard tho casement open. "Is anybody boldw?” said the Princess; "if there is, epeak.” . - “iTes,” feifd ah unknown voice. “Who is it?” said Matilda. . , "A stranger,” replied the voice. “What stranger/” said, she; "and how didst thou come there at this unusual hour, when all the-gates of the castle are locked V “I am nob hero willingly,” answered tho voice, "Bub .pardon niO, Lady, if 1 have disturbed- your rest; I' know not that I was overheard. Sleep lied forsaken me ; I left a restless couch, and came to waste the irk some hours with, gazing on the "air approach ot morning, impatient to be dismissed from this castle." “Thy words and accents. "'>■1 id Matilda, “are of melancholy cast; if thou art un liappy, I pity thee. If poverty afflicts thee, lot me know it; I will mention theo to the Xh-ireega, whose beneficent soul ever melts for the distressed, and she will relieve thre.” “I am indeed unhappy,” said uic stranger ; “and I know not what, wealth is. But I do not complain of tho lot winch Heaven has cast for mo ; I nm young and healthy, and ora not ashamed of owing my support to iny salj-«-yet think me not proud, or that I disdain youi’ generous offers. I will re member you in my orisons, and will pray for blessings -on your gracious self and your noble mistress—if 1 sigh, lady, it is for others, not for myself.” .“Now I have it, madam,” said Bianca, whispering the Princess; “this is'certainly tho young peasant: and, by my conscience, ho is in love—rWell! this is a charming ad venture!—do, madam, let us sift him. He does not know you. but takes you for one I.of my Lady Hippolita’s women.” I (To bo continued). 