Round the Compass. (Br Lraus). In its last Friday's issue our con temporary says:—"Mr. Harvey, of Armidale, has left at this office several specimens of the codlin moth. The destructive insect can be seen by anyone calling.'' There is oot the slightest doubt that there will be a strong rosh of fruit-growers to the Express Office to minutely examine and carefully study the peculiarities of this "destructive pest." How that our contemporary has gone to such trouble to procure a specimen of this fruit-destroying animal, the CnBoCTCLE will during the next few days endeavour to make arrangements to secure from Jumbucb one of its esteemed wool-growing friends, a few samples of the recently-dis covered sheep tick, in order that sheep-farmers maybe enabled to view it and from the knowledge gained detect its preseuce in their own flocks. Coonabarabran must be a lovely looallty for tbe paatoralist, and tfaoee who endeavour to make an honest Orast on the land in that part of the oountry are not to be envied by their brethren in more elvillted oommtini ties. It ie reliably stated that sheep stealing ie the prinoipal industry carried on in this eeotion of thff north-western territory, and of late owners have been subjected to a severe trial by the ravages of the drought and eheep- looters. One pae toraliat, it ie reported, lost as many as one thousand merinos in a single night, whioh oalls to mind the story of an old Victorian stationholder who was " taken down" in rather whole sale style by an unprincipled neigh bour some few years ago. A bright epeoimen of out-baok manhood sold a mob of 10,000 sheep to his brother grazier, the terms of the Bale contract providing that the etook was to be delivered in two lots, within a given time. Tbe first five thousand were duty brought along, counted, and turned out into the paddooke, and ,Jn a couple of weeks time five thousand sheep were again driven up to the drafting yarde, inspected, end sent I out to graee. When sheeting time ! eame round tbe purohaeer could only | snooted in mustering 6000 sheep, and ! till his dying dayj It is Bald, be oonld not aooount for tbe loss of half of his flock. " A thousand curses on yer bead ie the prayer to God of an onld widdy." Concluding passage of a dialogue betweeD two excited femaleB, overheard by writer in an Armidale thoroughfare a few days ago. The old dame, who had worked herself up to an excitement temperature of •bout 225 degrees has evidently beer)' etudyiog the manners and customs of that notable character Oom. Paul Eroger, who is a bit of an authority on prayer. 'At OasBy'a Elst, Lieutenant-Colo al TfeAnlav. " flnm manr! Ar.in-nhifil" who happena to be a large 'owner of the raw material for bacon, called an informal faceting of the regiment in the locality of his ranch. Addressing the stalwart Hibernians, he said," Is their army of yoa min wad litre to go shootia boars." The rtgimeot step ped out briskly to s man. - " Boys," says he, "ynr soldiers of the Qhane," says be, " and whin yeg git to Boot. -Africa the divil a boar will stand farninet yea-" "South Africa 1" re plied toe regiment, " What are ye girin os; we thought yes wanted . ui to gp pig-shpotin on yerfarm," and the regiment stepped back, also brisk ly. ThereVa lot of difference be tween boar and Boer when it oomes to shooting. When John Haynes, the H.8.W. M.LA~, was received into Darling bnrst over the Clontarf libel'that loaded Sydney1 Balletin' .with £1000 costs, the constable on hand Paths cised him thus, says the * Critic,'— " What it your name P" " John Say nee." What are ye; Johu Hayhes ?" " A journalist." "A Wheat ?" -"No, bota wb- a-t! a journalist." "Where Were ye born P" New South Wales." " Save ye anything ye'd like to give up, John HsyneeP" "Tee.*1 "What would ye like to give up, John Hay nee?" "'The ghost," blandly replied the resourceful John. ' " Look ye here, young man," sarcastically-'ob served the official, " Keep tfaim joekea for the 1 Bullytin,' we doao't want them here." The Uralla Municipal Council doea not take very kindly to its work. At laat meeting the peraiatent interjec tions of Aid. Lonsdale roused Aid. BardBley'e ire. Aid. Lonsdale made the remark that Aid. Bardsley could not measure a'yard of gravel, which . brought the retort from Aid. Bai-daley. " I can measure you, any way." Aid. Lonsdalei "Ton :made that .etatementence beford; what do you mean ? If you want to ' fight, you bad better come round the b'eok." The' bellicoee alderman commenced to walk towarde the door. Aid. Bardsley (not so anxious for hi*B antagonist's scalp) : "Sit down. I will do no such thin^l" The Mayor'said he bad never wit nessed such disgraceful conduct be fore, and if the aldermen did not end it be would decline to ait. As he had eaid before, they could' eettle' thC dis pute outside when the Council ad journed. "Anything that is gotfdendngh^or a man is good enonghfor .ine,J" woa the outspoken declaration of a pro portion of Armidale'e feminine popu lation at a public moetibg held on Wednesday night. To'precUidla'tlje possibility of any misconoeption arising as to the precise meaning of this significant proclamationdt'iihould be pointed cmtthal lthe ladles "had been ealled together to devise ways and 'means of raising funds for the ereotion of a new -reading room at the Sohool of Arts. At tha outset the question wsb raised as to whether the additional accommodation was to be devoted exclusively to the ledy members of the institution. A vote was immediately taken, aDd, as pre viously stated, the ladies rose to the oooaBion en matte, with the unani mous verdlot in favor of federation of the sexeB, All fears of the tables.of the new room beingcoveredsolely with "Young Ladies Journals,'" "Home Notes " " Prinoeee Novelettes," and literature of a like etampi hate now vanished and the members ' will doubtlsBB hail with unbounded satis faction the advent of the day on whieh a thoroughly equipped and up to- datereading room will be avail able. 