OVERGROWING HER STRENGTH. now DR WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS | MAKE WEAK GIRLS STRONG. Testimony from well-known and highly - respected colonists is aiwaj*s worth printings and the words of Mr George Marner of " Lamington," Victoria-road, Auburn, Vic toria, are of this nature;-"I thought X would lose my daughter, Miss Alice," said Mr Marner to our reporter recently, u she was overgrowing her strength. Medical men could do nothing fur her." Hero Miss Mar ner entered and quickly told how Dr Williams' Pink Pills had" saved her from death and disaster. "I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning homo from school," said she, "I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me moat miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, tund he said I was overgrowing my strongtb, and X was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, audi took the 4 quinine tonic' given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoul ders and back, and at night X could scarcely get any rest." '"W« tried everything to induce sleep." interposed Mr Marner, " but it had no effect; then I consulted a well known Collins-street practitioner- Ho said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queens land, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning ; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost ilesh and became a mere ghost." "This time Inst year,'* said Misa Alice, (t I weighed 7st 3lbs, now I am 9st 71bs." " A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial ? " "Xo; all the medicine I got did mo very little good. Actually, Dr Williams* Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just beforo the Jubilee holidays, last your, father bought me a box of Br Williams* Pink Pills, at Mr Pleasauco's, Chapel-street, Prahran, and they did mo so much good that 1 continued with them. It is a long time s»ince I discon tinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would recommend them ? " <4^es;'aud that strongly too," said Mr Marner, 41 had 1 known of Dr Williams' Pink Pills two j'ears before, it would hare saved me a hundred pounds." Parents should think over this-good health and a hundred pounds saved. It is undisputed that Dr Williams' Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve tho brain. They aro a certain cure for indiges tion, pimples, Bkin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, aneemia, sleeplessness, rheumatism,lumbago,lossof physical strength, neuralgia, all fema'e irregularities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, etc. Ob- ! tainable from all chemists and dealers, or from tho Dr Williams' Medicine Co., care of Hockc, Tompsitt and Co., Flinders-street Melbourne, who will forward six boxes for fifteen and threepence, or ono box for two and nine, post free. 