Political Pellets; ItMt— Irresponsi^e^Cember. — The time for propaganda work is be tween, not in the midst of, campaigns. Norhk Kvindestemraeretstorening is the name of the Woman's Suffrage Society of Norway. Pkbmikr Reid, of N.S.W., is threatening to swamp the Legislative Council with his nominees unless the old fogies accept the Commonwealth Bill as adopted by the Assembly. The Sydney Bufkthi says that the one striking and eminently satisfactory feature of the firsi batch of Queensland elections was the summary defeat of the' shuffling, unreliable members of the Labour Party and the substitution therefor of straight men. Wallace Nelson, editor of the People* N(H'H)mp-r was presented last week with a purse of sovereigns at a wine pnrty in Rockhampton. Inscribed in letters' of gold on the flap of the purse containing the. sovereigns were the words ' Presented to Mr. Wallace Nelson by his fellow towns men. Rockhampton, March 21, 1899.' Phemjer Dickson was savage at Cunna mnUa last week ijecanse a number of dis franchised mi-n woiild not li-sten to him. .rimmy and his Government should at once remove the injustice of disfranchisement and give these men an opportunity to express their desires through the ballot-box. Shamelessly depriving men- of their votes in not fair play. It is not unlikely that the matter of the acceptance of tenders for police uniforns last year, which came up last session, will again form the subject of enquiries in the next Parliament. And knowing what some people know, it is not out of place that they should be asked. The public might be informed what influence necessitated the action, out of the usual course, that was taken J __ ?-?Ierusaucm-! Brisbane Ttfcf/mph actually advocating by inference the holding of all elections on one day. What next/ Hut T--k-ijtajth didn't do so fa-fort, the elections. Undoubtedly the solidarity of the Banana land Democratic vote has made the narrowest of narrow organs of provincial ism 'take a tumble.' Says it: 'If one party in -power does this [manipulates the contests for party purposes] it may l-e done by another, and th-r- in no tiffini/ »?/»?#«. nm ittttj! If imnmhil bji -in nrrmr thtpul frith -t fiitthn- from hia -»nn iriitij.' The italics are ours. Unoph ! Hakry Turley, in response to an invite from the local W.P.O., went to Ohilders last Friday to give a helping hand in the Burruni context on behalf of Labour. His sen ices were much Appreciated, and as a small mark of the esteem in which the late Labour member for South Brisbane is held up in that quarter a few of the Childers Labour friends acenmpani^ him to the railway station on Saturday, and one of them quietly handed to him a neat silver watch chain. Little incidents like this speak volumes and make us believe the world is better than we sometimes think. Thk annual meeting of the Woman's Equal Franchise Association was held in the Trades Hall, Brisbane, on Monday evening last. The report and balance sheet were read and showed a balance of £6 2s. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year : Mrs. Miller, presi dent ; Mrs. Sneft, Mrs, Johnson and Mrs. Alder, vice-presidents; Mrs, Fairman, treasurer ; and Miss Catherine Hughes, -secretary. Sixteen other ladies were ap pointed to the committee. Since the be ginning -of its career, the members of the Woman's Equal Franchise Association have done good and practical work in bringing adult suffrage nearer to the people. Ox the strength of having withdrawn from a contest in which he had announced his candidature in opposition totwo Govern ment memljers— a contest, by the way, in which he had not the ghost of a show— a certain gentleman has been during the elections touring the country in company with Ministerial, paities, ,tt the jtuh/ir ? r.r/irii.--r. meanwhile posing as a martyr. Concurrent with the announcement of a special train comes always the information that the party was accompanied by this gentleman with the three-barrelled initials, and he has apparently now become as much an institution as the furniture of the special trains which have been used in support of t\ le-caiididuiu w~ of J^j^JUMtmt ^ippor-te^— DritiNt; the general elections jus.t con cluded the Government organs have screeched loudly at every little sound --f disorder which manifested itself at any of the 'J.4l,D.' candidates' meetings. But they all closed up like an oyster when disorder occurred, as it did occur, at Labour c nrlidates' meetings. For instance! some of the most prominent meinliers of Andrew , Petrie's committee in Toombul did their utmost to upset a Labour meeting in the Albion Hall mi the night before the elec tion, and would have succeeded but for the strong voice and the determination of Harry Turley, who simply talked the disturbers, down. The ('ourin- and the TrlryrapU were mum about this, and yet they claim to b.* non-partisan journals. 