^^^^B^s l^m^^mm^m:^ ;^ letter^ 4free them^iiB ^sraea: would make any letter itooiong.. fihor^'Iliope to be able to let $»u read thein.1 Sow 4df ;ih£ |iiggh*ng;: parade-ground in ^oonbh lane day when 1 saw a Hindoo, :a native, iwith -m. large round basket on his back, and .walking i-y hisfiide; was a *4»biart^ti^:l)-^';«|I^:a3}i^^iz':iy^rB~ of age. After & time He sat sdown on his heels. The /natives «f India like fitting ixl: this ' 'WBp- in a -icirde, und hold Iddk xaieist- . ings without getting tireSj genfirauy iavr 1 ingalarge ''Mbble-biibbk orpipe,Btuffec| fall pi ail sorts vi things, rags, «c, ?w3nch; they take 3n both hands -anft. blow ihrougTii a hole at 'the -Bide, making a gueer noise' and smoke. They take it m turns to = ^H)fce, and enjoy It jmmenBely; Well,' the wizard turned th% taeket ubaide down : on tbe iiard Toad, and soon TOere -was ai crowd of soldiers -watching him. X was .one of them -then. The: m^n *oy ^°* under the basket. Well, after -the little 'boy -was under the Jiasket (it ivas a. strong basket about 3 £b. ?in diameter and almut 2 in height) the juggler placed a black cloth over the ton ?! and spread it out. It was a cloth Jike vou see a photographer use tp shut ^»ut the i??* 'when, .focussing- to take a likeness. ; After spreading out the cloth he mut a stone on the top of it. The stone was about the «iee of an ordinary loaf of hread. Then he looked round and held his hand mkl°* money, saying 'Pice, sahib: pice, sahib, meaning ^'Coppers, sir; coppers,; sir. boldiers have very few coppers to spare; .however, the juggler succeeded in collecting about 3d. or 4d. in English money value. English money is not used m India. The coins in currency are the .gold 'mohur' :(which you seldom see), then the 'rupee,' then 'anna,' then pice! ^?, idu!SPtym pxce,' then 'cowrie' (small shells), The juggler found he could collect no more, and the soldiers were getting im patient. He looked like a martyr, Living to do such a clever trick for so small an amount. He then faced tne basket and commenced to chant weird, curious songs, or incantations, with a humming noise through his nose and throat, at the same time mysteriously twisting a wand * thin cane Tound and round the top of the basket. 'What is lie going to do?' I said to one of the soldiers. _ 1)0. He is agoing to send that bloom ing young 'un out of sight. Watch him you ivatcli him,' said the soldier. I pressed round wiih the others, having heard eo much about these wonderful jugglers, and tried not to -wink, so as not to miss seeing the boy disappear. Some of the men had seen the juggler do it before and were de termined not to be done, so walked delibe rately up to the basket, and lifted it up. The little fellow was there, sitting on- his heels, quite contented. 'Lift the kid up,' said one. 'Lift him; hand him round,' said another. The little boy didn't mind; lie was used to it. The soldiers were careful not to hurt him. The boy was put down again and put under the basket. 'Watch that side, Bill;' 'Look out, there, Pat;' T'ou watch the air,, and I'll watch the basket.' The sharp eyes of the soldiers now were intently fixed on the basket, with the cloth and stone over it. The strange cu rious noise of the juggler was heard again, then stopped, then lie looked up and said, 'Ateha, sahibs' (meaning 'Are you ready are you satisfied?') 'Look, .sahib,' he said. A soldier lifted the basket and there was no boy under it. I can remember the looks of some of the men when the boy was gone : intense wonder and surprise. 'See him, Bill ?' said Pat. \Noa, didn t come my way. Did you see un, Pat?' 'No, Bill; it's a banshee, sure.' All sorts of conjectures were heard, many of them very funnv. 'Chub rows, sa hibs; chub rows, sahibs,' said the juggler, meaning, 'Silence, sirs; silence, sirs.' Then he called in a loud voice, 'Azzaree, Az zaree.' ^In a few seconds there was a child's voice answering two or three hun dred feet away, and in a short time he bounded (the little boy) into the ring again as fresh as a young antelope. The soldiers liftr ed him up again, and were satisfied that it was a Doy and no 'banshee' (ghost.) I will give Is. Gd., Is., and Gd. to those that will, guess the nearest to how this juggler does the trick, i would like to say that I cannot 'prove' how it is done, but I will give the opinions of clever men and experiments tried.— I remain yours truly, J. Thomas. P.S.— This is not the puzzle I promised. I am sure, my dears, that you will have found the description of Indian juggling whjeh Mr. Thomas has so kindly sent for you very. pleasant reading, did also that you wilj/te thankful to him for his offer to give prizes to those who make the the nearest guesses as to 'how it it is done.' About this I will say something a little further down. Now I will give you the letters chosen this week from MY LETTER BAG. Ttrcowie, April 86, 1839. Dear .Aunt Dorothy— It ie a long time since I last wrote to jou. I have not many petB to tell you afcout— only'-a pet cat, and she comes some times and rattles ihe door for something to eat; and a pet cow. I go to school, and I am in the second Class. I have /our brothers going to school with roe. We have over three miles i.o walk to school. 1 have five brothers and three sisters. My sl6ter Ivy. is a little cure; she likes new milk. We had a little rain up here, but we want more yet. Jly oldest sister is not at-home. She is down at Auntie Ellen's place. When she wrote up Blie said that she saw the train -every day. Jly brother Edgar is sending a penny and I am sending 3d. for the Home. We like read ing -your stories very much. I hope my letter -will be good Chough to print. I have no more news at present, «o I must close; with love to you and Undo George.— I remain your loving niece, ALICE ETHEL WATKINS. . lly age Is IS years and a .month. I was very pleased ,to hear from- you again, my dear Alice, and to know that you like reading the stories I write for my nephews and nieces. What a smart cat you have'; I suppose you are very fond of her. If you have not many pets, my dear Alice, you have plenty of brothers - and ? sisters to play with. I see you have a good distance ±0 walk to school, but as. you have company on the way I suppose you do ?not .mind the journey. I hope you will soon have as much, rain as you need. No' doubt; it was a treat for your dear sister to see the train every day. Thank you, my dear Alice, for your subscription, ror 'Minda,' and will you please thank your dear brother for Wb.' You will have seen that these subecrmtione were acknow ledged in last week's list. I AllMdalel'East. April .25, D8O9. ? Dear Aunt Dorothy— T have one ?sister going J-p ' .school. -Her name is Hilda-; she 'is in tie first -class, -and lam in the fourth .class. .We lawe one mile .and* *ay*o , go to «choDj. Hilda. i«-? I'ean : and 11 months,' and I am 11 years ,and 11 ciontliB. J. wrote b-4?u fctore, but my let£r was ,ifdt$mb ^Mlfl 7TpliW?O-^'5ffivll ?'^ftWirSfe Serf VuljIB w)y j' ^Wn tfSl 'J^WWlUffi ' 7in. ^3L £3nift31 ' WBgV. ;^. ^seX u!|k ..'.jyoiir'- &qev;&E;' printed' rafter Saying :feilS-a!dr^Jour. iiiti attempt. I hope ttowfllieniKrara^ you,) jny'-Slfcari' ?sd'tft ?? jbb ;.'aB?yP iip Idling. a£ -3FOU! Aoula TiDt. at -first succeea an anything yon attempt. As you Bay the school pic* ' 'aw iraaieiy mice I suppose you hao wa; happy time. At any irate, I hope you; ; : : ?: :r», . .;. ???;??.:'' 'jNarridy, May 2, 3899. .jJJear- .Aunt Borotfcy— it is .a lomj time sinte 1 .? wroteto jnu, S3 Ithirikl'williwlteagain. lam in *he «econd class. I got *he prize Jfor lessonB last quarter. I Aavem aew teaicher. ^eiwetmii 'shell pfflTots anfl .a ilamb. My brother picked it up on Sunday ana we think it will live. I must now close witii love to you and Uncle George.— I am your loving niece, '-. ' ??-.?-? «LR'E NIGBOIIS. I I am ID years old. 1 am sending 6d. for' 'Minda.' ? I am Jglad you decided ±0 TOrite to iae ogain, iny dear t)hye7 ,aSter your long] silence. I congratulate .you, my dear, on haying .aeceivid the prize for lessons last quarter, and wish that you may continue -to be successful at school, aod that yofl; will Jike your new teacher- I hope you; will eucoeed in iceeping' the lamb -alive which your brother found, and that it may prove to he a nice !*£. Thank you, . my dear Olive, for your subscription lot -; 'lilinda.' Minlaton, April 23, 1890. Bear Auat Dorothy— 1 sin another new -nephew that has aievcr written to you before. I will -now tell you about, ray pets. 1 have 'two rabbits (a yellow one and * yellow anS white one),, three pigeons, and one cat. I have Uhree sisters and two brothers. ' We have had a. little Tain to-day, and I hope we will get some more. I am sending 2d. in«tanips for '.Minda.' — I remain jTmr loving nephew, JOHN COOK. * My «gc is W years 11 months. I am very pleased to welcome you as a' new nephew, my dear John, and I hope to hear from you again. Take care, my dear, that you do not let your rabbits , «scape. Just think of the mischief .rabbits do when they run wild, and take warning. So you have had a little rain. That is a good -job; but I hope before I hear -from : you again that you1 may have 'as much as : you require. Thank you, my dear John, \ for your subscription for 'llinda.' It was, as I suppose you have seen, mentioned in last week's list. Belton, April 23, 1SE0. My dear Aunt Dorothy— It is a. long time since I wrote to you. As I did not see my -last letter in print I thought I would try again. 1 am going to try for the tenth letter competition. I have two pets — a cat andx a magpie. The cat is so funny. He runs away and hides when any stranger comes. The magpie whistles 'Pretty Joey,' and tries to say 'Walk off home.' He is better off than many other pet birds. He has two homes. He goes over to our neighbor's, stops over there all day, and then comes home in the evening, and flies up on our shoulders, and wants to go to his roost. Father 'came home a month ago. He stayed a week and then went down to Yacka. Through the bad times he has to be away & long time. I am sending 6d. in stamps for 'Minda.' I hope my letter will be good enough to print. Now, dear aunty, I must' close, or my letter will be too long. With love to you and Uncle George, I remain your loving niece, EVA EMILY RICKETTS. ' My age is 11 years and 8 months. I am glad, my dear Eva, that you did not give up writing because you did not see your Ia6t letter in print. That is rather a strange thing for a cat to do, is it not ? I have never before beard of one doing the like. What a lucky maggie you have, to be welcome at two homes. There are not many birds so lucky as he is. It is a pity that times are so bad, my dear JWa, mat you are aepnveu. 01 the company of your dear father. I hope, for your sake, that they will soon improve. Thank you, my dear Eva, for your sub scription for 'Minda.' AUandale East, April &5, 1899. Dear Aunt Dorothy — I never wrote to you be fore. I have one sister; her name is Bertha. She is in the juniors, and I am in the fourth class. We have one mile and a half to walk to^ school. Bertha is 7 years and 2 months. We have two dogs, one puppy, three cats, seven fowls, and 8ne. pony. I am now sending you Id. for the' weak minded children. We (had a picnic in the Kingsley school on the 7th of April and it was very nice. I hope my letter will he published.— I remain your loving niece, ' ^^ £EWART- Aged 11 years 11 months. Welcome, my dear Agnes, as a new niece. I see you have a good share of pete, not counting the seven fowls; but if yotj include them you have what is known as a 'baker's dozen.' I am, glad you had a good time at your school picnic,- and hope you may enjoy many more such outingsi Thank you, my dear Agnes, for your sub scription for 'Minda.' The letters I have given you this week, my dears, form the seventh batch in con nection with THE TENTH LETTER COMPETITION. And now I want to say a few words about Mr. Thomas's offer of prizes. You will have seen that he promises three prizes to those who make the nearest guesses as to how the trick which he has . described is done, but he does not say any .thing about the time to be allowed in which to guess. Seeing what a very diffi cult question it is to answer I think plenty of time should be given, and I have there fore decided to keep the competition open for eight weeks.- Letters containing guesses will therefore have to reach me not later than Tuesday, July 11. I do not mean by this that guesses are not. to be sent in be fore that time, but that none will be allow ed to compete which come to hand later than that. I want you to send in what you think is the answer as soon as you sup pose that you have found it. Hoping some of you will be able to guess something near what is thought to be the correct answer, I remain, my dear nephews and nieces, Yours most affectionately. ATINT DOROTHY. 