Romance of an Actrcss. FROM THE PALACE TO THE GARRET. At the last Salon in Paris a plaster bust of Mile. Clairon by the sculptor, Henri Gauquie, in collaboration with the architect, Guillaume, attracted considerable attention. Now the French journal* announce that (he friends of (ho Urania in France propose to have a marble copy of this bust erected in the public square of the town of Oonde-aur liacaut, the birthplace of La Clairon. Olairon Was the Bernhardt of her time. She was bo puny as a baby that immediately after her bath she was, like Voltaire, hurried to the church to be baptised. But when the church was reached it was found to bo closed. The parsonage, too, was empty. The priest and his vicar were at a masquerade ball, for it was the day of the town carnival and the priest was helping his parishioners to cele brate it. The baby was carried at once to the ballroom, where the priest was disguised ns a harlequin and the vicar as a clown. They judged the baby's condition to bo suffi ciently critical to demand immediate atten tion. So they stopped the music then and there, mid taking tho necessary materials from a sideboard, performed the rite. But they need not have been in such haste, for the life-thread of tho baby wa? not to bo cut until 79 years later. They called the baby Claire ; her full name is given as Olmre- Hippolytc-Josephc Legris do Latude. Clairon had a harsh mother, who used to punish her by locking her up in an isolated room. Opposite to this room lived Mile, Dangc rille, who became one of the greatest of soubrettes. Clairon used to '-cc her taking j singing lessons and lessons in dancing ; she us«l to see her receiving tho praise and en couragement. of her family ; she was pained at the difference between her own life and that of her neighbor, and what she saw and felt fired her with an ambition to become an actress. The first visit that Clftrionumadc to a theatre had such an effect on her that dur ing tlie whole time of tho play and the rest of tho evening she could not bo made to speak. She says, in her “Memoirs, that after returning from the theatre, the only thing she heard that night was the com mand, “Go to bed, you big goose !” She ran off to her bod only to remain awake, going over iu her inind (U1 thftt she ha<l seen find heard at the theatre. The. next morning she astonished her friends ami relatives by re peating more than a hundred verses of the tragedy and about two-thirds of the little plitv. But this did not please her mother. She said she would rather her daughter know how to make a dress or a nightgown. Still the child persisted in following the course that she has mapped out for herself, and blows and slaps wore powerless to turn her. Threats to starve her, and to break her bones if she did not work, only angered her to tho point of exclaiming—“Kill me, then, at once, for otherwise I shall go upon who stage!" . At length she became tho pupil and after wards the rival of the celebrated Marie Fran coise Dumcsnil, and her interpretation of Corneille, Racine and Voltaire led Bachau mont to say—“Hardly is' she announced be fore the house is filled ; the moment she appears she is applauded with tho utmost enthusiasm ; she is the most finished work of art; sho is Melpomene embellished by Phidias.” While at the height of her fame Clairon was visited by countesses ami prin cesses. She was intimate of such men as Marshall de Richelieu, .7. P. Marmontel, the Marquis do Ximones and the Margravo of Anspach. Louis XV. himself came to see her, and of him she said to Mine, do Pom podour;—“Ho owes his royalty to chance, I owe mine to genius.” For her unrulincss she was imprisoned in Port 1’Evcquc. >Sho transformed her prison into a banquet room, giving sumptuous suppers. Tho carriages of her visitors were lined up outside the prison door, as though in front of the door of a hold. Her personal appearance nt the age of 22 or 23 was thus described by a contemporary“She is extremely pale ; her head is handsome, and her eyes are large and full of lire. Her mouth is ornamented with beautiful teeth, ami her throat is well placed. She arises without affectation, her form is graceful and sho has a very modest address. Without being an accomplished beauty sho is a person that anyone would call charming.” But Clairon was not alone great as an actress ; her writings relative to the roles of her repertoire have been pronounced ex cellent pieces of literary criticism. Among other things sho wrote a manual for piny el’s, entitled “‘Reflections sur la Declamation Theatrale.” She is credited with haring been the first to conceive tho idea of a conservatory wiicrc actors should receive all the instruction necessary in their art, and she is said to have been among the first to see the powerful effect produced by the realism of tho English stage. French drama 1ms been adjudged to be greatly indebted to her for what she did to introduce into it an element of resemblance to truth. She effec ted a revolution in costume, ridiculing the ideas of playing Roxana, one of her triumphs in robes a la li’rancais. Yet, in spite of her genius and intelligence, Clairon was super stitious. This has been attributed to < the effect of the ghost stories and tales of witch craft with which her childhood was filled, hi the story of her life sho relates as a fact that a suitor whom she had rejected sent for her to visit him on his deathbed ; that she refused to go ; that at 11 o’clock in the even ing, when she gave the refusal, the company assembled nt dinner in her house hoard a strange and piercing cry of anguish ; that she fainted ; and that every evening at the same hour the some cry was heard! A few weeks later the cry ceased ; but in its place camo a pistol shot through her window. Everybody saw the flash, but the window re mained whole. Detectives were set to wateh in the belief that some servant was playing a trick, but at the same hour night after night the same thing occurred, and nobody could be seen. One night when Clairon was taking fresh air on a piazza the shot occurred at the usual hour, and she felt a strong slap upon her cheek. Another time when she was riding past the house whore the rejected 'suitor died three shots wore fired through the windows of the coach. The coachman thought it was an attack of robbers and whipped up tho horses. The shots, after several nights, gave place to hand-claps, which were followed in their turn by an en chanting voice singing a beautiful and touch ing air. One day an ojd lady dressed in black called to sec .She was n relative of the rejected one, and she told the great actress that, having been with him in his last moments, she hoard him exclaim when informed of Clairon’s refusal to visit him—“I shall follow her when I am,dead, ns I have followed her in my lifetime !” At last the great Clairon fell into disfavor and sank back into her original poverty. Dressed in wornout clothes, she lived during her last days in a single room, whic$ sho was forced to sweep herself. Showas buried in the Cemetery of Pero la Chaise. For a long time her tomb was neglected,but lately the Comcdic Francaise has had it repaired. Such is tho story of La Olairon, who is call ed the foremost tragic actress of the eigh teenth century. A French journalist said of her—“She started from nothing, and to noth ing she returned, after having swung round the circle that passes over tho peak of glory.” 