t&uiljolu; %vAt\X%%mtt VICTORIA. ABOHDIOCBSB t)F MELBOURNE. PBNTKCOST. The Feast of Pentecost was celebrated last Sunday in the city and suburban churches with much impressiveness and devotion. Large numbers approached Holy Communion at the early Masses. At the Cathedral a inissa cantata was 6ung by the Rev. J. Murphy at 11 o'clock, and in the evening the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, V.G., Adm., preached an able sermon on the festival of the day, having preached in the morning in Essendon, after the blessing of a new pulpit in the church there. OUB LADY, HELP OF CHRISTIANS. The Feast of the Patroness of Australia (Our Lady, Help of Christians) will be celebrated next Wednesday. CORPUS CHRISTI. The Feast of Corpus Christi occurs on Thursday next, 1st June. It was formerly a holiday of obligation, but has been retrenched. It is now a day of special devotion to the Real Presence of Our Lord in the Blessed Sacrament. VINCENT! AN MISSION. The Vincentian Fathers are continuing the mission at St. Brigid's Church. North Fitzroy, with gratifying results. The exercises are very well attended, and all the parishioners, apparently, are availing themselves of the extraordinary graces now placed within their reach. ST. MONICA'S, ESSENDON. Last Sunday a handsome new pulpit recently erected in St. Monica's Church, Essendon, was blessed by the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, V.G., Adm., who also preached on the occasion. There was a large congregation, considering the in- .clement state of the weather. THE CATHOLIC CHURCH IN SAMOA. By the F.M.S. La Ville de la Ciotat, which reached Port Melbourne on Wednesday morning, 24th inst., the Most ltev. Dr. P. Broyer, S.M., Titular Bishop of Polemonium and Vicar-Apostolic of Samoa, was a passenger, en route for the German Solomon Islands. His Lordship was accompanied by Rev. Frs. Meyer andQinsbacb, S.M.. and four nuns (Third Order of Mary). The Bishop will spend some months at the German Solomon Islands, which were last year detached from the Vicariate Apostolic of New Guinea and erected into a Prefecture Apostolic, and committed to the charge of the Marist missionaries. Dr. Broyer has been appointed by the Holy See Administrator of the new Prefecture, which mission his Lordship is on his way to establish. After spending some months at the Prefecture, Dr. Broyer will proceed to his Vicariate, Samoa. Frs. Meyer and Ginsbach and one of the nuns arc for Samoa, whilst another of the Sisters goes to Fiji, and two to Noumea. Brothers Victor, Sidonius, and Haimon (Marist Brothers) were also passengers, en route for Sydney, The mail boat resumed her voyage at 5 o'clock the same day. ST. BERNARD'S, BACCHUS MARSH. The worthy pastor of St. Bernard's (Fr. Horan) beheld on Sunday a proof of the great esteem in which he is held by his people. He has recently almost re-roofed the church, enlarged and improved the organ, and renewed with much good taste the internal decorations. A considerable part of the decoration was, wc have been informed, the work of his own hands. He lately called on his people to come together on Pentecost Sunday to help him to pay the cost of the improvements made. The inclemency of the weather was such as might well deter the boldest. But a large congregation assembled. The Rev. Isaac Moore, 8.J., had been invited specially to preach, and the collection taken up in the church was most successful. The preacher, having read the Epistle of the day, Pentecost Sunday, spoke as follows:— " The words I have read to you, my dear brethren, describe that event, the descent of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles, to commemorate „which the Church has instituted the festival we celebrate to-day, the Feast of Pentecost. Pentecost is a Greek word, meaning the fiftieth, and this day is called Pentecost because it is the fiftiethfrom Easter. It was by this sanie naiiie the fostivul was callcd which the Jews celebrated on the fiftieth day from their Feast of Passover—a feast corresponding tp our Easter. From the therefore, wc loavn nothing more han that this is tjie fiftieth from some ther." ~ Yet the tiveht, td make lasting the emory,of,.which this feast is celebrated, s oricsuehfts there is no other in the istory pfJthe world, ip one which marks n epoch-'in • man's history, a mighty vent, not in the }ife, of an individual r a nation, 'hut of * -fill manJrind*— j event which has influenced men's lives and shaped their eternal destiny from that hour to the present, and will not cease to sway all generations of men till the consummation of the world—till 1 the kingdoms of the earth and the glories thereof' shall dissolve and pass away—an event which explained all that preceded and coloured all that followed, to which all God's previous dealings with men led up to and served as a preface, even as the silvery streaks of dawn precede the rising of the golden morning. That other day from which the Jews counted this the fiftieth was the day commemorative of their coming out of Egypt, of their deliverance from bondage, from the iron yoke of the Pharaos. The day from which we reckon this the fiftieth is the one on which we celebrate the resurrection of our Redeemer, which confirms our deliverance from the bondage of Satan and the fear of death, the day on which we exult in the triumph of our Lord over His enemies, and our singing—'Oh, Death, where is thy sting? oh, grave, where is thy victory?' On the day which the Jews reckoned as the fiftieth from their deliverance from Egypt the law of the Lord was given to them amidst the thunders of Mount Sinai. And this giving of the law they commemorated on this day. It was the birthday of the synagogue, the beginning of the covenant of the Mosaic dispensation. That dispensation was good in itself, and a foreshadowing of the good things to come. It was in its moral precepts a re- enactment of that law written in the heart of man, speaking through his conscience, and which only extreme corruption can blot out of his heart. This is the law we know by the name of the law of nature. This law, now written on tables of stone and promulgated to the Jewish people with signs and wonders, which stamped it as divine, was indeed a great boon to mankind. The giving of that law was an event well worthy of remembrance and of gratitude, and accordingly, as the year came round and the appointed day drew nigh, from every land—and they were not few—to which their colonies or their commerce extended, the members of the Hebrew race crowded to the Holy City. ' From India and Arabia, Egypt and Lybia, and the far isjands scattered through the sea, Jews, dfevout. men, from every nation under hea'vesn,' hastened to celebrate the Feast of Pentecost in Jerusalem, and keep -alive for ever the .remembrance; of the favour ihe' Lord s hM- : shown His chosen people. With prayer and with lasting, with sacri' fic^-jandv-pHrificatioifi, with hymns of praise "afi'd thanksgiving, they proved their remembrance of their esteem, their undying gratitude for the favour God had shown them. For the Jews knew it was the law of Moses which saved them from the vices, from the blindness, from the idolatry and .the degradation of the Gentile nations by which they were surounded. And what is that which we commemorate on our fiftieth day ? It is not the giving of the law of Moses. ' For a greater than Moses is here.' It is not ' the weak and needy elements of the law,' as St. Paul, by comparison, calls the helps to the life of grace given in the law, that we commemorate to- day. It is the coming Jof the spirit of truth the Comforter to purify, to enlighten, to strengthen all men, to be in us and with us, to abide with us for ever. This it is we comemorate to-day, lifting up our hearts to the Almighty in grateful praise. The law of Moses was doubtless a great boon, a mighty favour vouchsafed by God to allen man. It was a further dei^lop^ ent of the revelations already made. It' rose out of heathenism as twilight out f night, it melted into Christianity as the dawn melts into the effulgent radiance of erfect day.' The commandments of that aw declare to us the path in which we hould walk, the morality we are o practicc. Our reason accepts them s as a guide, as a light, as a protection. They declare the unity of God, the duty of worshipping Him alone. They establish on divine authority all the sjacred obligations on which the existence of the family, and, consequently, of society, itself depends. They protect our neighbour in person, in property, and character, and enjoin upon ourselves purity and justice. They raise a barrier Against the inroads of selfish propensities. They impose a yoke on the evil passions of fallen nature. But more, far more was, needed. " For not the hearers of the law are just before God : but the doers of the law." (R. ii., 13.) To be a doer of the law, to acquire this justice before God. great help was needed, for that acquisition could be the result only of a great struggle. For man's nature is not simple, but compound. He is complex in his being. He is body and he is soul, he is animal and he is spirit, he is of the earth, earthy. And yet his soul is filledwith high longings—heavenly aspirations. The gross material joys the body desires are not, for the soul, enough. Spiritual in its being, immortal in its nature, infinite in its capacity for bliss, it seeks that which may yield perfect content, and still the cravings for infinite delight which form its very essence. Now, in a nature this complex formed of matter and of spirit, it needs not the light of faith to show there is, and there must be, contention between the bodily appetites, of the earth earthy, and the soul griping at the infinite, soaring in its desires high above all that perishes and parses. Strife and struggle between what is animal and what is spiritual, between what is base and that which is noble—this warfare, this strife has never ceased, and can never cease. And the heart of man is the battle-field in which these rival forces contend. And this contention is over only, then, when that heart has ceased to beat. Unless, indeed, where corruption, the result of habitual sin, has wrought a perfect moral ruin; unless where there is a man who, by long continued sinful indulgence, has deadened quite his moral sensibility, has smothered his better nature under accumulated guilt, has cast out from his heart, as though they were pollution, the principles of Christianity, till he has become, though in form a man, on a par with one of the lower animals. In such a one there is not strife between body and soul. The strife is over; the victory of evil is complete. Now, to make a result so loathsome impossible, to secure the ascendency of the soul over the body, to strengthen what is noble in man's nature, and make that to rule and govern all his actions, there was needed, there is needed, there will be ever needed, a force divine, a force greater than the sublimest nature can devise, a force which can enlighten the mind and cleanse the heart. And that divine force God in the fulness of time granted to man, even ' the fulness of grace, which is in Jesus Christ.' It is the coming of this force, the granting of this help, we celebrate to-day. For on this day the Holy Ghost descended to abide permanently in the Church. On this day were the fountains set flowing, to flow for ever in life-giving abundance as never before—not even when the angels walked with Adam in the garden ot delights. On this day was there poured into man's mind a light, and into man's heart a strength, heaven-born, heavensent, unknown before. The mist which was before his eyes fell away, and revelations wej-e now made, or now first understood, which lighted up all his pathway to the tomb, and gave assured faith in the world beyond the grave. The law of Moses was a law of fear; the yoke of its ceremonial observance hard to bear; the standard of virtue it proposed suited to a tiff-necked and hard-hearted race ; the light it shed upon God, on His nature, on His dealings with man, dimness and obscurity compared with the illumination of this day; the helps it gave for restraining the evil tendencies of nature feeble and weak. Good it was, indeed, so far as it went, but farther it did not go than to be ' a foreshadowing of the good things to come.' It is the coming of these good things we celebrate to-day. It is because of this fulness of knowledge now for the first time communicated, this perfect understanding now first conferred of God's will and ways, of man's duty to his Creator,' to himself, and to his fellowman ; and because with the knowledge came the grace, the supernatural strength, not only to know, but to do, to practise as well as to understand, to us, also, as to the Jews, the Feast of Pentecost is the commemoration of the giving of a new law, of the establishing of a new covenant. They celebrated it as the birthday of the Synagogue; we celebrate it as the birthday of the Church. The descent of the Holy Ghost promised by Our Divine Lord most assuredly, if words have any meaning, has a character of permanence. He was to come, not to go away again, but to remain—' that he may abide with you for ever,' ' that he may abide with you and be in you.' These' words make us certain at least of this, that the coming promised waB not to be a transient visit; that it was to be an abiding, indwelling presence of that spirit, leading the Church into all the truth. But it is obvious, with an abiding presence of this divine guide, errors in faith or doctrine are manifestly impossible. Now, he that is not a Catholic by the very fact that he is not asserts that the impossible has occurred, and that there has been error in faith or doctrine. He cannot, therefore, without evident inconsistency, join in thanksgiving for the coming of the Holy Ghost as promised by Christ to abide in the Church, and lead her into all the truth. For by the fact of not being a Catholic must mean either that the promise of Christ has not been fulfilled at all, or that, if 'the Holy Spirit did come, He did not abide, or that He did not lead the Church into all the truth. That a new and marvellous power did come upon mankind at the time of the first Christian Pentecost profane history clearly demonstrates. A moral revolution then began, which ceased not to spread on every side, such as the world had never seen before. Moreover, this wondrous revolution was effected by agents who looked on, as natural agents are not only inadequate, but utterly unsuited to explain the effects history' compels us to acknowledge as the result of their action. We are each of us conscious how great is the difficulty of maintaining the kingdom of God within us, hoff strong is the repugnance of nature to obey the laws of religion- and adhere strictly to the precepts of morality. And yet we are ' the hens of all the ages,' generation after generation, walking more or less perfectly in the footsteps of Christ, have trodden down and beaten smooth the road we have to travel. The beauty of Christian holiness, the heroism of Christian faith are fami iar to our hearts through the glorious example of saints and martyrs whom we have been taught, not quite in vain, to love and venerate. In the days pf ottr childhood pure and holy thoughts A vexT interesting collection of pictures of sacred .subjects hasfoeen on view, within the .past few dftya nt the estemigtaaent of Messrs, Pellegrini 29 0 Blizafbebh-stfeet, opposite" St. ^aheis' Church. Most.-of these are entirely new to .this colony, and ^ - ^IL^y a visit . itjiaiay ajspj mat the prices are vary modei -'- . T H'jm^mS'Hl flowed into our minds sweetly from the lips of the mother we loved. We were taught to love and adore Him ' who loved us and delivered himself for us.' And the Virgin Mother of God, the radiant embodiment of sinless human nature, seemed to lead us, with winning grace and prayer, to heroic attachment, to faithful service of her divine Son. And the ' bread of the strong,' and the wine that maketh virgins, these, too, are ours; and the daily sacrifice and other sacraments, perennial sources of grace, springing up to eternal life, by all these helps are upborne and strengthened. Notwithstanding nil this, do we not feel how swayful is not that 'law in the members "battling against the law in the mind ?' But, were all these helps absent, what would be our state ? "What if every vice fallen nature leans to—what if every loathsome indulgence sensuality craves, were put before us in entrancing aspect, commended to our adoption by beings we had been taught to adore, and every inclination to self- restraint removed by universal practice, by national usage, by ancestral tradition, by the sanction of religion itself? How could we, with all these incentives to evil, be persuaded to accept the pure, sweet teachings of the Gospel as the rule of life, while we can scarce do that now when helps are multiplied and obstacles removed. There is no one who will deny that it was to men of the self-same nature as ourselves, under the fatal influence of all the incentives to evil I have enumerated, the Apostles preached. It was to men steeped in vice, corrupted in principle, hardened in sin, degraded and polluted. It was to a world thus desperately wicked—a world in which cruelty, and lust, and lawless rapine were not recognised aB crimes—it was to a world steeped in darkness and the shadow of death the Apostles preached. And that world they converted with no help but that derived from the descent of the Holy Spirit "into their hearts. Startling to a world where the unjust greed of gain, where lawless ambition, heartless pride, and unbridled sensuality, held undisputed sway must have been the doctrine of a crucified God 1 Blessed are the meek, blessed are the poor in spirit, blessed are they that hunger and thirst after justice, blessed are the peace-makers, blessed are the merciful, blessed are they that suffer persecution for justice's sake. These holy teachings now resounded through heathendom. They were a contradiction and condemnation of its civilisation, of its policy, of its religion, of its whole system, of its greatness, and of its glory. This heathendom clearly saw. Every effort was put forth to check the wondrous revolution the sweet doctrines the Apostles taught everywhere wrought. The. forces directed against them seemed resistless. The whole power, civil and military, of the civilised world was concentrated in the hands of the despotic Emperors of Rome. That vast power was by them wielded ruthlessly against the teachings of Christ. But all in vain. For those teachings were aided by a force divine. And the whole world is a witness of the results of the fearful struggle. The very existence of the Church as she rises glorious and beautiful with undiminished vigour and undecaying strength is sufficient. proof that the Holy Spirit has abided within her. At no time was her organisation so perfect, her unity more complete, than at the present day. There is needed no other proof of her divine origin and her being divinely guided than her history and her existence as that presents itself to the eyes of the present generation. But little study is needed to force.upon the reason the conviction that the Church, whose pure teachings bring peace and holiness into the heart thai will accept them, whose gentle sway extends over the whole earth, is that teaching body to whom Christ promised the advent and the permanent abidance in her of the Holy Spirit to " lead her into all the truth." {_/ GEELONG. (From our own Correspondent.) The Feast of Pentecost was observed with the usual solemnity. At St. Mary's a missa cantata was sung by the Rev. J. Shiel at 11 o'clock. Gounod's " Misse du Sacre Coeur " -was effectively rendered by a full choir, the soloists being Misses Tuite and Gleeson, and Mr. Storrey and Dr. Oroker, the last-named gentleman singing the " Veni Sancte Spiritus," with clarionet obligate by. Mr. Groves, during the offertory. At Vespers the Eev. J. Shiel;delivered an instructive sermon on the epistle of the day. Acting on the suggestion of their DRUNKENNESS, or the LIQUOR xJ HABIT, positively CUBED by administering lUCiEABT. It cah be given aetoetly or otherwise in; tea, coffee or food, and Is the only remedy which can be token at home with certainty of sncoees. No pain.diBcom fort, or restriction. Send to-day for Book of PartJou- Un and Testimonials from living witnesses, sent f#ejjpd)post free to any address. Victorian Agent, frajaiY&aorasy; Co.: TbeXedical Agency, 371 Collins ^MyMMViWt. L ...v^,,.:-: spiritual: director (the Rev. J. Byrne), the Children of Mary have formed an association in connection with their sodality, to bo known as the Children of Mary Hospital Literary Society, for the purpose of supplying the Catholic inmates of the hospital and Benevolent Asylum with Catholic literature. Arrangements have been made for a regular supply of the Catholic Truth Society's publications, in addition to numbers of periodicals, such as the "Ave Maria," " Messenger," " Madonna," " Advocate," " Catholic Times," etc. The male and female wards will be visited every alternate week, when the pamphlets, etc.. will be distributed. This will supply a want long felt, and, as the books are to be given to the inmates, they may eventually find their way into many homes which otherwise would be deprived of the pleasure and profit of reading so desirable a class of literature. After the general business had been transacted at the weekly meeting of St. Mary's C.Y.M. Society on Monday last a "Senatorial Display" on "The Liberty of the Press" was rendered by several members. Mr. J. P. M'Cabe Doyle, B.A., LL.M., acted as judge, and awarded first place to Mr. E. Ferguson. In criticising the various renditions, Mr. Doyle gave some very useful advice on elocution. 