THE DECAY OF SILENCE. W. G. P. A certain philosopher-probably he was dis- tinguished, but I happen to forgot his name-has explained to us lucidly enough that discon- tinuity in a primary factor in perception. What wa see always we hardly see at all, and what we hear without ceasing affects us as silenoe. It is on this ptinoiplo that writers of modern notion when they earnestly desire to conceal on incrim- inating document display it on the library table ; and it was on this principle that somo schoolmen used to expound tho divino and inaudiblo musio of the spheres. To take a more immediate illus- tration, the daily ndvout of Charlie, minus half a collar and nil his buttons, calls for no comment ; but his sudden reappearance one evening in the neatness of 9 a.m. arouses one to the satisfying consciousness that tho football season has passed without n fatality in the family. It is surprising to think how little we notice what is going on around us. Psychologists tell us that by far the larger part of our mental processes are carried on unknown to us. We do the bulk of our mental work " below the threshold," and I believe Mr. Myers imagines all consciousness to be a sort of accident, and comparable to surf breaking over a sea-wall. However that may be, it is in some such way that one must account for the fact that no one notices the Decay of Silence. The uni- versality of the ailment would nppear to prevent its diagnosis, though the inven- tion of now disease» is one of the distinc- tive triumphs of modern times, wherein the resources of civilisation havo become most ap- parent. Not even Max Nordau, who finds signs of neurosis in everyone between Whitman and Wagner, has exploited tho decay of silence as a symptom of degeneration ; and yet to be utterly unable to repress one's desire to sing the "Holy City" is surely indicative of obscure-seated mental disorder ! The insistent demand to be vocal, to express oneself at all cost and at any inconvenience, be comes almost epic—an epoch-marking or age characteristic Hardly anyone is silent now ; almost all of us have a great deal to say. We know, of course, that this has not been so always. In one of the most curious of human documents Apollonius has described his experience of that Five Years' Silence, which was a main part of the Pythagorean novitiate. So, too,one remembers, not without regret, that in Lacedæmon it was one of tho arts—one of the fine arts—of life to avoid speech. One recalls their elders in council reducing interminable debate—that cease- less chattering so characteristic down in Athens— to a simple yes ! and no ! They rightly expected reticence to give depth in return for surface. " If anyone will converse," says Plato, "with even the most insignificant of the Lacedæmonians, he may find him indeed in tho greater part of what he says seemingly but a poor creature ; but, then, at some chance point in tho conversation, ho will throw in some brief, oompact saying worthy of remark like a clever archer, so that his interlocutor shall seem no better than a child." Precisely ! and tho very philosophy of their wisest, far other than tho wordy logic of later days, was made up of short rememberable sayings which they offered as first fruits to Apollo, writing on the wall of the Temple at Delphi certain few words known and read of all men. From quite other than Greek highlands, again, comes a breath of pungent mountain air to remind us of Zarathustra alone with his eagle and serpent. In most past ages, indeed, there have been those to whom the con- templative life, or say the quiet discipline of monastics, has; appealed strongly ; and many there are m our calendars of blessed memory who havo found in silence more than human strength : the calm stillness of long voiceless hours throwing into relief the hundred-throated " Gloria in Ex- celsa " as it were scarlet vestments over grey ! Nowadays reticence, repression, is least of all in our thoughts. Wo move and have our being in an atmosphere of sound ; tho very air we breathe is .instinct with innumerable cries. Discordant childish voices minglo with the intermittent tinkle of a piano, the harsh rasping of a teaoher of the violin. Tho light artillery of the milkoarts gives place to the th under of the steam tram ; the ever nearing tramp of 'bus horses suggests elephants and onrthqutikeB. What a chapter might be written on the subject of modern noises ! Presently como tho bugle notes of I know not what vendor of mysterious delights, the voice of a raelodian rises to fill an interstice of silence, and the amateur cornet-pluyer begins to strugglo with ." SonB of the Sea." From tho workshops oomes tho ring of stool on steol, the whirling of in- numerable avheels, the indeacribablo hum of the ant-hill. We pass our lives between a rush1 and a roar, and oven when the night has long fallen one oatches the dull monotone of insistent striving a monotone that sounds too often like a murmured nocturne of dofeat. Mechanic or inanimate sounds such al we too well know are bad enough, but they do not make the heart faint. City sorrows one may at least hopo to bo among the preveutablo ¡Us of civilisa- tion. Wo can live in hope of thô promised muni- cipality where the streets are blocked with india rubber, where the unmusical mendicant is un- known, and where watering-carts do not make holiday on dusty days. It is not hero that the decay of silence brings us to the veigo of chaos. In tho domain of things material man may always be the master of his fate But the world of letters ' Here it is that our " sempor ego auditor," our complaint of eternal listening, becomes pathetic, tragic, even for who is bravo onougl. to be ignorant? Minor poets sing at us from every hedge What if they do start on a pitohor and turn out a pillbox, the result neither surprises us nor dismays them All the samo we watch and listen The publiohor has much to answer for Elegaut covers and ohotee types can bo had f >r the price of a plough, and the vorses ato easiest ot all A young friend tells me it is much easier to learu to write sonnets than shorthand Certainly there is muoh less responsibility Nescit vox mvssa revertí1 The minor poet devoutly hopes his words will stay away And if you only sing the same song ten times over the publie will bogan to tolerate if not to like, it Indeed it has grown so used to machine-made products that it oiten prefers their homely famitinrity to tho uncouth tongue in which genius is accustomed to speak So the miuor poets fin rp on like the cioudM in the hope of wealth and famo to come from limited editions And you have to hear whether it is a three-line ' baikal," or a tisgedy m 13 acts, with interpolated music by Dvorak or some other modern whose melody is mainly discord There is no fear nowadays of any Milton being either mute or inglorious He chants at the top of his voioe And what shall one «ay to tho horde of ophomeral novelists to who6e travesties of the suburbs one ia forced to listen ? Not to know them is to argue yourself unknown, and who will dare to court disgrace at novel teas, denouement danoes, and the other subtle inventions of modernity wherein society usurps the role of the Bohoolmaatcr ? Every mail brings us a dozen new authors, , not one of whom affords material for moro than ten minutes' trivial conversation If they would only learn a trade to countervail their roraantio proclivities ' The real onminnl ia the incompetent creator, though he too often reaps a rich reward from the Unthinking multi- tude which prefors Bizet to Bach We talk so fast that there is no timo to t&ink; of the single perfect word which Flaubert worships and Balzac never discovered For too many of us reading is the most illiterate of all occupations And here, pompous, portentous, is Hansard-a voice that will never be silenced It dogs us from tho eradlo to the grave I have had wild hopes sometimes of promoting a sooiety for tho suppres- sion of political orators One might go about with neatly-printed cards and pledge one's member to abstain from speeoh as a beverage Thero is a brazen, idol set up in overy Parlia- mentary chamber, and its name is speeoh All idols are bad, but surely a loquaoious idol is the worst in tho world When you see your member catching the Speaker's eye, yon know he is going to worship thiB idol And what a dreary ritual it is ' You come away resolved to import a prayer wheel from Thibet Verily, in much speaking is weariness of the flesh, and in a multitude of councillors nothing will be done Depute every- thing If possible depute it to a deputation Its fate is then assured Seriously, why debate ? Noise never yet made motion or delayed it the destiny of the world is fashioned amid tho silence of th» stars I doubt if the whole babel of debate baa con- verted a nonar from his un or a fool from his folly And yet we are not content with the professional, we must have also the amateur talker You know him at onoo Ho is a loan man with pioreing eyes and tho mem- bership of sovernl debating societies I am not sure that Mr Thomson has not inoludod him amongst tho most terrible voices of the night I He prepares everything-down to the insertion of the aspirates But ho begins excitedly He goes on more so Presently the chairman's bell tinkles, aud the orator intimates be will pa.es t hurriedly to his conclusion. Alas for youifyou think so. His avalanche of words is irresistible. Some may start and some may stop, but ho goes on for over. He belongs to an unoonquerablo army. He has at his back the philosophers of seventy scots, tho ptenchers of aoven hundred ! He presides at a Dnteh auction of infallibility. Ho is ready to pro. vide panaceas for all the ills you have, and many others that you knew not of until he told you. With equal ease ho wiil square a cirolo or distort a syllogism. . Faith oura and Fabian essays, bimetallism and bullot-proof clothes, dress reform and drinking absinthe-what does the eubjeot matter ? Oh the might of magio Bpells ! Oh the power of the spoken word ! Words, words, words, quoth Hamlet, and Murray's diotionary will testify to how they have multiplied since his time. By now Bpace must bo thick with sorriest ghosts of speech, sorriest adumbrations of fatuity ! I once had a vision of a great silence. Moon- less night hung over a hushed sea that rippled broken silver of innumerable fragmentary Btars. Away far off from the shore a shadowy monster tossed grey pearls in showers from his back ; but at my feet the tide broko with- out a murmur. The air indeed was free of any sound. It was as though tho heart of the world had ceased to boat. There came to me the thought of certain twilight hours where, through I had watched beside a dear friend passing. Bat now the silence struck one as onriously vital ; and vague messages came to one through the stillness-silent messages, but more than mortally sweet. Tho cities of men with their infinite travail and wea- riest erics foil from ino like a won» and .lusty robe. Eater the new sun come voiooloss and vivifyng, striking great shafts of light athwart the ame- thyst and purple dawn. With great joy I leaped down into tho waters, feeling as I have done when youth has waked to golden glory. Not till long after did the confused harsh voice of memory force mo to recall, bitterly enough, the decay of silence. 