DYING NATIONS. HOW EMPIRE IS AFFECTED BY THE CLIMATE. A nation only lives a few thousand years. Look at the great nations of 4000 years ago. Egypt, Yucatan, Mexico, Peru, Assyria, are all dead anu buried. China is only staying alive to save funeral expenses. The next generation of nations in cluded Rome and Greece, and these are like galvanised ghosts. The third gene ration, the Turks, Moors, Spaniards, Moguls, Dutch, and Scandinavians, are alive, but have lost their power. From this you will see that the na tions in hot countries die and stay dead. The nations of cold countries rise, become great, fail, lose their out lying dominions, and yet stay alive. That is because the land does not lapse into jungle like Ceylon and Yucatan, or change into desert like Assyria and Egypt, but remains fertile, providing plenty of food. Now to apply these facts. Great Britain, the United States, Russia, anu Germany are gaining in population, wealth, and power, but the British Em pire is extending more rapidly than any one of them. Compare her with France, for instance. A couple of cen turies ago, when France owned most of North America, and was founding a vast empire in India, Paris was bigger than London, and was the capital of the civilised world. To-day Paris has 2,500,000 people, and is the capital of the arts and fashion. But London has 5,000,000 souls, and has taken the place of Paris as metropolis of the world. The British Empire is growing, and it will keep on growing, along the lines of least resistance. At the present rate, the whole land surface of the planet will be absorbed by the year 2349 A.D. But as Greater Britain grows it comes into closer contact with the boundaries of the United States, Russia, and Ger many. Even if we could, we have no wish to swallow these or any other de cently-governed countries. The United States, Russia, Germany, and Japan are playing the same game. The British Empire is nearly as large as the four. combined. As England does not wish to conquer the well- governed countries, the area open to annexation may be diminished by half. In that case all the world will be pro perly governed by the year 2012 A.D. So in 113 years from the present time the British Empire must stop spreading for lack of room on the planet. Even then it will grow in wealth and popu lation, but meanwhile these little islands are getting very old. Sooner or later we may feel the weakness of old age, and be no longer able to fight for our possessions; our colonies may cut adrift from us; the conquered coun tries like India may revolt. If all this should happen, as politicians of a pes simistic temperament are already pre dicting, it would only be a case of his tory repeating itself. How long will that be? Well, Rome rose in 400 years, as we did, and took a thousand years to decline. Our em pire is infinitely greater, stronger, and more loyal than the Roman. Suppose we say 1500 years before the Little England party wins a general election, and little England is a second-. class Power, as she was in the days of Henry VIII.?--"Daily Mail." 