Hope tMe Hermit. eCHAPIER XXV. i» Aadraj,.«Ubftagb ? br«ye girl,: htdibeeo ol; Utt taieh oat of health, «nd ber 'Otrrei bid bj bo mtiDi reooTorod from «be:thook oh her ? motber'i death. Hepoe ik wn .natural tbat, on tbt Wedneidaj night ai- the rowed Aoros'i to Stable Hillt and iprang aihore with the proririooi fori Jop^Bsiioliflfe.iiha ahoald be ?? prey to all loria of terrors. As she -erodad tbe field a ioaDd ol someibing bieathirjg oloie bv mada-ber tr«mble from he»d -to fool,- bat the br,ealber'prorad,to be only aoowf .While another sound wbioh seemed .. horribly . like fnolitepi parsuiDg ber turned out' to be n'o tbiog bot one of (he (arm bonei otoppin^ the gr,«i». tHow it rwai «be. aou|d,,no», tell, bat tb'n'walk aloni; tbe male traok whiob bad oeemed BborknF.hen, «Ii«i,wib wiib.ber ooole lermed now in her loneliness tetiioDaty long. Wbeoeter she looked op through tbe trees ibe (ir-lriogfd ooilincn of Walla orsg alwaya towerol st-ort) ber, aoiil she . almnii dripaired of erer reiohin^ Aubneen woods \- wilb ber heavy burden. Stie wsa jait.woudor iog to henelf whether Tim Griiedsle sod Meg Mounaey.bad spread the alarm in Orange as to tbe bogle when, to ber horror, eke (aw tbe figare of a man emerge from among ibe trees by tbe shore. Sbe sood still in mortal terror. Perhaps he bad not seen ber ? Bat .ulail-, there eould be littlo doubt as to tha1, for be remained fixedly watching her, and at length tosk ap a position near 10 the foo' bridge, whioh would compel ber to pass him quite ,olose unless indeed she turntd baok. Bat Audrey osme of a strok which did. .not approve of loroing baek, and at last taking courage, she resolved to go on, hoping to scare this lellow ss sbe had soared the shep herd. Drawing- herself to her fall height, -. she raised a tbreatening hsnd and pointed away into the distance, hoping that the man would- tarn t* see what. she was indicating. He moved slightly, and without looking ai him she made a dish for tbe bridge. Then instantly she felt strong arms thrown round bar aid. the man dragged her baok trom the plank. ? Sol ' he oried, ' you are no ghost after all. What do yon mean by frightening tbe dales folk in this way f ' Then in ber rapture of relief sbe turned andvfaaed him ; -. nay, sbe - along to him sobbing. \- Ob, Michael I is it you after all 1 I was so-frightened, so dreadfully frightened 1 ' she oried. For a mjnutetSbQnreoolleoted nothing, so exquisite w»e the. sense tbat all ber perils were over,itbat Miobael, her best friend,- her old playmate, could be- trusted to bring her safely thiongh 4II her. -difficulties. How. tondorly, yet bow.oloioLy bo held her. But be waa ab' golntely .silent, and »ll at onoo there flashed ioto her misd the thought which lior node bad 6rat suggested to her only a fewefeoings beiors. Gould it indeed be tbat he loved her ? Did that acooont for bit formal mannor that afternoon and for this strange oilence now 1 It wss well tbat she oonld not noo bis face, for the passion and pain in id would have terrified her ; as it was somo iaetinot made her eome to bis help by gently freeing herself from him, and turning1 to face the wind be tore off bis oravat like a man who was ohfikijnjj. 'Did I, startle you so moob. ? ' aha asked. ?. .iHelaoghed .wildly,; 1 it**omad sojsiraage to him that she did not understand it was love for her that had driven all elao from bis 'mind, thai it was the vehemeooetof-apiasioh lopg controlled, but-atill exiitaat, which had surged up within him, and that -ibet intolerable pain in bis throat made speeobr for tbe mo-* meat impossible. Bat ho qaiokly regained bis lalf- maalery, ,and turning towards her again, wrapped her olo»k more olosolj about her, and pickad ap tbe heavy bag she had let fall. 'Where oan I carry this for you? ' be said, speaking now very, gently. Yet there was something inhis tone which made her cry. « .'Don't Audrey I ? don't I '? ho said, plead jngly. i 1 Ii is ao eerie plaoe and a dark night for you to bo walking about aloae, .Only let me -help you— 1 will ssk no questions.' ? 1 You «re «o ? good, Mio ! ' ? ebo isiid, in4 stinotively' falling baok to ber obildish name for him. ? ' But though, yon do not aik I mult tell yon tbe whole truth, for maybe thia will bring you into trouble. L'ave me tn go oa ilonp. I am nn an errand to one of tny onn km ; for meiit.iB », o'e»r duty, but for you I riuahi folk wjuli) osll it by a harder: name. - InB-.an'.ly be kuow that the fugitive John Rarto'.irTo mu«t be abelteilng in tbe .neigh-' borbood. ' I-.oan guess ;your errand,' be (aid. ' I lesrnr by a letter from London to-day tbat tbere ft1 warrant out against yonr grent-unole ; 'twaB thought he b»d\ escaped to Eranoe, (but' It suppoae be is sheltering here.' ?' I am glad you' have gueaaed,1 said Audrey.' ' 1 ita going now to him with food, and also' to, take him the news from Ireland/ Now. leave me, Mio. I know.the way.. well and.it' is not likoly.tbat I iflhall jneet-with anyone! elae.' ~ I Indeed I- wish I could f«el, so. sur's.of that/; said Miahtel,' but Mr. Brow^nrigtf.'has net! Monnsey and another— fellow to traolc tbiat Borrowda'e Bogle.' 1' Viatjvlikelj.-if bo^rappens! to koow that 'Mr. Radoliffe' i« snspao'ed of heing oonootnad to .tbe plot, bei; calls it a ghoat-hunt but in hisihrart smpocts ibat thei ghost is a Jaeacobite. You had ? very narrow; escape to-night, for - Mounsey and Borkett were 00 this very spot- but a little while since, and tpobme fpr.-tbfe ghost,' iThey.-baje gone' now' to the mill.' ' Where have you sheltered 1 your unole ?' ' ? t In- Ashneas woods, in our old place there.' 1 Then let os.aomo there at onoo. 'I'll row you inrmy,boat as fsr «s Barrow Bay; and' then if tbo.ooatt ia-olear. «nd--Burkett 'aiill ' safely at Lowdore we can climb the fell together,' Audrey was so mnoh startled to hear of her lover's precautions as to the ghost .tbat ?be could not hesitate any-mors as to allow ing Miobael to ran tho riik of helping; bar udoIo. ' Henry does know -that tbereJa a.wtrrant ont against Unole BadolifTe/^abe said; 'Only tbe other night be came to. sesroh oor home for him. That is why be.ia obliged to shelter among tbe bills.' ' He will not be lafo oven there,' aiid Michael, loading the way as be ipoko down the wooded bank to Scarf Oloee Bay whore hie boat was moored. ' ' The people at tho farm have a story of seeing tho bogle dii oppear into Aibnosa wood early one, morn ing. We muat somehow manage 10 get your uoole away or aaaaredly the Under— Sheriff will get hold of him. Now we bad best not talk, for water oarries the lonnd of Toioes as notblng.eleB does. .Lie down in' the bottom of the boat, and I '.will, cover. ..you. with my oloak.-- The bag for your ? head to 'rest on. So ! Now I'll soon row to Burrow Bay.' a Aodroy crept down into, the friendly shelter of tha boat, -.with &? reitful seme that the worst was over! Then, too, there waa.some thing natural to her in taking- part iii an ad renturei withJtfichael. Itbrongbt baok tho days of their childhood so ..?ividly. Yet although as she nettled down in tbe stern the oould almost bave- fanoied-,herself a obild again,i31iohael-had on.t the other 'hand dove loped ia a ourious way. She found henelf looking op to biro as thongb ho bad boon some-years oldertbao herself. All too soon they reaehed Barrow, and Michael, having oarefully rcoonnoitred sod found the .-coast olear;, came back ta help her: from the boat,1 and swinging the big-' aoross his shoulder ..walked her to John - Radeliffe'i sheltering place, ' I ought to tetl.jou,' he said, ' wbea they found themselves in 1 tbe 'Wood; -t hat in -the letter I had to-day from Mittreaa Mary Den ham ahe tells- mo tbat Mr. John Radoliffe is none other.than the Mr. QaWerley to-i whom tEsiborJiIool gave. me- a letier-of- iutrooootion in. London. I mot .him many timea, never,' of,cour«p, guessing. tbat be. wbb akin to yon; That, however, doubtlois oxploina ibe oucIoub attraoiion he always hhd forme.' ' ' Those last words slippod from him iotd vertenlly. -Aadrey blushed, and was glad, that he oould not ma-herdface. ' ''. : \- Who ii Mistress-sMary-DetrhitQ ?'--ebe asked. — : ' in A very {great -.friend of . miue,' - be eaid,1 ?wrrmly-^-'tho tileoo of Sir Wilfrod'a friend - wilb whom we stayod.in London.' Now ' friend|V was t*word whioh, liko thi- iWord' aQr.vant,/rfcore iujtlioac Uayttnore ihua one meaDiatf. ? .Audrey, iwandered whether, Bfterjall,:tMiahaol w»ithitil«dy 'clover. She Rught n».JoiU)t to tbavo IweloomodJhia idea, ' sb a' relief from thojmtion tbat he had loved her-jiud-was still .Henry'a rival..,-. But -for some unexplained rnai[-n rheHid not noloome it. It-sbtaebow disturbed her, ? I am yosr oldoat friend,' ebo »ajcl)rl(in^h- ' ing\ailiule. ' 'I! believe I lodold find it* jn my hoart to be jealous of this fine lady in LondoD,' ? ? 1 . 'You do-not know ma if you can speak like that,' ho Baidi bnrt byibenbono'. ?': i'8ho -i» to me like an elder sister — whereas you — you — — ' '. iHe broke off abrnptlyVoaoking-wiib emotion. : 'I don't , understand,1' -said*- Aadrey,' bat the tears in her voioo, belied the words ; she wasr.beginnipg .to .understand. poly too well. ''* You never.-, did ..'understand me,' said Michael, reproaobUUy. ' You thought when I, cameebsck ifrom Oambridge aa-a\ man 'tKa' wo could^ncamoro be-eordradesi «txwiheo- we wem.children jo Borrowd«lo. - rYoaaplayed with me .tbat tirao siiB»bj Ca9tlo-Jit lose', it was play to you.- Takeoaro of tbat branoii 1' Ho turnod to' hold it back for.) her, aodifelt two hot tonra fall on bis hand. To be continued. 