Story of Herbert Carle. The holidays were close at hand. We had been tramping through the middle West since the early part of September with' Colonel Dunston Brlggs's All Star Metropoli- tan Vaudeville and Drnmntlc Combination.) ; The combination aforesaid ;wus made up,1 with hut one exception, of the typical stage people whom unkind fate annually dooms to play one night stands at "10, 20 and'SO." ' The exceptlou was Herbert Carle, whose strange murder last Christians Eve, was the climax of a mystery .which no '. liumnn mliul will probably, cvcr-solvc. The tragedy Is now made public for tlie Arst time. :., Just why Cnrlc should bnve become a mem ber of a third rate drniuatie company was Bouicthlng we all wondered, at. Ho was a remarkably handsome. man, per haps, 35 , years .of nge.; ' Ills Agnre was tall and erect and his features it n decidedly patrlela.n cast. . His skin >had the tan of a man who had travelled mUcli, while Ills coal- black linlr was streaked with' grey about the temples. It was the expression of his pierc ing, deep set eyes, howoyciy which always ar rested the attention of the observer, Tlie eyes w.ere;restles3, nnd constantly shlfilug, ns lfron.' the alert for somc-terrlhle diingcr which was likely to iniirilf est' Itself at any moment. ' Tlint Carle Was n man tvlib had received , a rcmnrkahie education was all we knew of hl3 past. He could speak the French, Ger man, Italian nud Russian languages Auently, and he once conAdcd to us that he had spent many years of his life I11 the study of social and political economics. He tried hard to he genial ami companion able, nnd to overcome the nervous dread which seemed to have fastened Itself upon his soul. But the battle was more of a fail ure tbaii a success. Actor folks arc pretty good judges of diameter, and' wer all would have sworn to one thing, that; Herbert Carle was not a fugi tive from law and justice. Tlint his heart had some awful secret wo knew. Tlint his career lind been blighted by some Incident .whose aftermath he still dreaded was self-evident. - -In fact, Carle, In his more sombre moments, had vaguely hinted this. But we would have staked out lives that he was not a criminal, hut, nt most,' nn innocent victim of some circum- stances over Aviiieli he had no coutiol. jle joined our company In a very' peculiar way. >Vc. had been working nortli-enst to ward Chicago,' In November, and playing to about as lin'U : business as a: company ever struck. One night we got Into'- tlie, little town of .Braid wood, 111., where we were I bcmkedVfor'oiic wiiotv ' lit' the 'Opera House. ' For the third .' consecutive week the ghost rniioit tn mnterliiilse, iind olir star team re- fused to -work, pheiicd ; tlidr'trhnks arid left for Chicago 'by Viin 'early' morning train. . '' TVe'maniiged to pull'off the performance, niter !a fashion! but it' was a desperate job. Short linndcd licyoml "tlie limit, ns we now were, we! saw tlie speedy . collapse of the company. . . :. .. - \— :--; ; r , . After the porformnnee.we strolled ' back' to the so-cnllcd hotel. Attrnclcd by sounds of' boistcrons. applause; our iiinnnger, Bi iggs, and' a few of us sauntered into. the clingy 'bar room/' Here we biicbuntered.a'n juteiest- !ng spectnele. The place' was jaimiicd with rougbly clad workers In the railway, com pany's coal mine, which kept the . town goiiig. y . At one end of the room, under a big, old l fashioned oil lamp, a man was giving . a unique exhibition In. clay modelling. He bad rigged up a rough easel, supporting a large oblong board, to which clung a: mass, of moist yellow clay. The modeller would; select some face in the audience; anil rcpro-,d duce it in the clay with grotesque cliarac-.. terlstlcs, which drew forth shrieks of laugh-.. tor. "-.VI,;! ; ' Presently tbp impromptti .ontcrtnlnnicnt; cttino to an end. The njotlollei' passed around ; his hat; the crowd rewarded Ills efforts with a couple of dollars and dispersed.. ,,, "One moment, old chjip»M_sftld,. Manager.. Brlggs,"ns the modeller was about . to. witu- . draw, "step up to'.the hnr. hcrc nml have something. That's n imlghty neat little specialty, by. the way, you; do. had, no;; Idea we had a lival attraction Iu towu to- night." ...; "Gh, so von are some, of .the tlientr.cal gentlemen playing at tlie bp6m House?" ob served the modeller,' polltcjy, and with a mn'Rlral little laugli. ' VI am.sure;! can lufrd- ly be regnrded as n rival. . I'm merely, .a I wandering exile with n somewhat abnormal slock of nttnlniuonts to earn a lltlle; money with which to keep niysotf go-ing." j .'k "Like trnvcltlng?'' asked, Brlggs, . after, thinking hard for a moment. . ' "Fur from it," replied the modeller with no," retorted mo woaol ler, somciwhnt coldly. , "Now, look here, old chap," cried, out manager, "dou't misunderstand ma. 1 m not trying to put you to a legal cross- examina tion. or to And out just why you're wander- lug through this ungodly country nil by .50.1r lonely. I'm trying to talk straight busing to you. My name Is Dunslan JJtlse" ' . , manager of this troupe. I had a little tioub with some of my people hcre o.da . and l er— had to let 'em go. I Mm that little specialty of yours, and I'm willing pu y ou l u to the business. I think you'd make a cro You've got soinelblng now, anu Mw could hill It as a refined turn for and children-see? My corapnnj gives tue people both vaudeville and drama. _ with an olio, nnd wind up with a nhort matle sketch. Some people won t vaudeville, hut want drama and Wc play both ends of llie game, and c« » skcteh, after a little coaching. Oh, don expostulate. I can sec talent in .your get up." . . I "Why, you'se a regular. Vincent Crum mies," lnuglitcd tlie modetler, 'Kind you're trying to make n Nicholas Nlckleby In real life.; .1 suppose you .gentlemen are all' famlllar- wlth. these chniiactcrs In Charles ! Dickens's great novel? At air events, Mr.;! Brlggs, . I accept yorf offer, and I'll try . my hcst to''coihe up'to ypui; expectations.'' , . " "Of doui-se, ""Added our ninnnger, apoUK gctIcaliy,V"LlibVei8"iiot"much money In the game for yon just now. But you'll see plenty of natural scenery and bo on the go all the time." . . ' ; VTliat's just what I want," replied the modeller, who was now. Introduced to us as Mr. Herbert Carle. ; . : In tills way Carlo become a member of our company. v.', .. . . >;.. For the ncxt few weeks we knocked about Northern Illinois, awaltlug that blessed date — CbrlBtmns eve— when we would open, for a week stand at the G— Music Hall In Chi cago. ' . — - .': Carle, besides mnklug quite a lilt with his clay modelling specialty, lind developed re- mnrknble hlstrioiilctaleuts.. He now played leans in mo snortdramutle skutclies whicli wound un our'nefformahces. Moreover," be lmd; been' pressed into "service as tlie com pany's playwright! i'.Wheii Brlggs found tlint his protege . wiis "a ;Frcnch scholar the wily mamigcr retnenibered that he had a b'.g hatch of French stage mniiiiserlpts in the bottom of lils truuk'.:: They "were l'arlsian successes, and all snsceptlble; of;iocnl,ndapt'ation. Carlo went to work upon iGiehv with' much suc cess. " . ' V ' Another inturcsUiig'thlng happened ih this hrletperiod. Llttle'LoEtic May ton,' of o'ur: company, became . deeply -smitten with Carle, , and we "couli'seo'that her affections were re turned twofold. ' T v ;L Lottie was one of those good, pure," tender hearted girls of the stage whom all the world, 'sarcastically, ' terms nsouhrette. A struggle for urUV(!lJiioo<i' fro'inher earli est lyonrs iliadtafiljjt'ljer .Velf- rollance.;..aud the iutrliislcA'alne \ifgood womanhood \ Two diiys heftSre' Cli,i.-:knijiS(/ >71 "'c got Into Chicago a blV'/U. «Vf liollliiny opening.' ' Mnnntogssadnimuuced that onr dramatic slfffSSvcek would he A Blow for LIbcrtyrJt-;Kro'ridli iransiatlon, trcating'of a Nihilistic plot In St. l'clc.sbiirg. Carle' lind already put It in rehearsal. "The G Music Hall," commented Mann- gcrBr(ggs, "It's a cheap joint pntroniscd by foreigners. So we'll give 'em a little foreign bloodshed." ' : . The night before Christmas eve I was sit- ting In my room in tiie cheap Clark-street hotel lii which our Company was quartered, when there cauib a light tap at the door. Isald "(me In," aiid -Herbert Carle, sfeni faced nnd stealthy, entered, lie looked more nervous ' than ever, wlileli ls snylug a good deal. Closing and locking the door, he sat down on the: side of the bed and looked al mo steadily for a moment; vj am pretty sure I ; can ' trust you," wore his Arst words. , t . : "You certainly can, .Carle," I nnsucred heartily, "you're a good fellow and 1 like you. If you are lu trouble lull me all about III." . -. "I am going to he niariied to-monoi\ after- noon to Lottie Mnyton, nml- — " I "Why,' what j-ou .want Is Joyous cougr.itu- lntlon, iind not sombre ndvlce," I said. I "Slid Is marrying me foi mjsetf," ho went 011, without scorning to note my Interruption; "marrying mei although, she thinks 1 .am a poor, friendless wanderer. But 1 am not." '. He paused a'moiuout and watched my face keenly.; '. "1 suppose you .people: have put me . down for a : very strange and inyRtorloiis Indi vidual," liewcnt on, wltha sad .smile- "Now, what will you.sny. wlipn. l tell you tlint In stead; of Ueliig. a pcnnliess . exile I am the 'owner -of nn- esthtc onithevoutsbirts of Lon don, :' Englnhd,ii vaiu«i;;;at;iE200, 000 sterling, und have, an Income of; fob, 000 sterling, per annuiu?" . . "Xow, look horc,..Cnrle," I retorted with A. tinge of anger, in my voice. "I know you urc a strange and erratic; being, always act ing" 'as! If you werc-nfrnld somebody was gohig to' jab a Unlfc.ln your hack, but If you (ail; this way: 1 shali eoneludc you have gone, plump cruzy.V Eltherithat or you arc trying to joliy me for some Inexplicable reason. You looked as It you .were a landed English gentleman when we plekcd you up at Drnld- v "What I say, though;: Is gospel truth,'1 he continued, Armly. "Then, wliyi donTr . yqu iconncct yourscu with your dust?" wus my Arst strictly Ameri- '"Iwant to tell yon a .brief story in. the strictest conDdenco," hc, said slowly. .. . want your ndvlce and assistance, ncio.o » , 21st birthday , I was left an orphan and. the heir to the property I have dcsurlhed. My ambition In life was to solve the problem of social economy, and go down to posterity s a man who, In his day, hud done much to al- I levlate- hupian distress and suffer ng. 1 travelled much to study social conditions In the various European countries.,, In due time T vretii-heil Russia. My aim was to And out what Nihilism was doing (or the people, ro study Nihilism It was necessary for me to loin the order. I did so, nml, ns a wealthy young Englishman, was admitted Into the Innermost circles of .the propaganda. In tine time I was selccLed. by ballot, to assist In the consummation of a certain plot, and was assigned to an important station. I dls covered that wlmt I was about to participate In was foul murder, and I Aed from St Petersburg on, tbe day I should have been nt my post. My absence caused the collapse of the plot, and tlie arrest and execution of i; 0 tue conspirators. I remained In hid- ng on the Continent, hut was always tracked by the Nihilists, through tlie lctteis of remlllniico forwarded me, even under as- b, „ned names, by my solicitors. J did I narrowly escape assassination. Nihilists are bloodhounds — tlicy are devils. They have tlicir spies even In the Czar's household. My only perfect safety lay In cnttlng off absolutely all communications with my friends nnd my solicitors, nud fly ing to America to lead a roving life. This I have been doing for the Inst 18 years., Once a year I mail to my. solicitors tlie one line, 'Alive nnd well.' Then, when 1 have, mailed It at some point, I hurriedly take the: road, , anil am hundreds of miles away he-' fore It roaches London." "It seems to nie," I said, "tlint you. arc, taking a lot of unnecessary trouble to. steer clenr of tlicse gen try. "., . "No, ao," he cried, cxcltecVy..rrM . could, tell you of Incidents wlilob<would: make you marvel- You doirt know these ; people .or; their far- reaching influence. At all cv cats I have now 'determined to get: holdi.of my. property for. the suko of my little, wife.. My Idea Is. to .try und. dispose of everything In England, and get tlie cush sent to this coun try- L linve tlioilght out u' plan, and we, will talk It' over to-morrow night, after, the. per. formauce." . .. . He rose to go. ... "By the way," he added, suddenly, , as If seized by. an inspiration," write, do.un the name of my solicitors, 'Gregg, and Gregg, No. 41) Lincoln lun Fields', Londou.'., , Now you linve ni'y life In your' liahds.; : That name and address would E Identify me ns ; the; ninn every Nllilllst in tlie world Is '.searching fqr.". Next inoriiliig, . Herbert ; Curie . aud; ' Lottie May tori, were uinde ,mnu. and wife in .the vestry of.'h nearby church. The groom gave Ills ; name -as -Aubrey Maiiton, "of London, England. ' , After the ceremony, at which I oflleiatcd as -best man; 1 hurried to the .G — -Music Hiill, where I lind n little jlnty to perform. Tli6"progrn'uime iirinomieed thiit our dramatic sketch, 'A Blow for Liberty, would :be" j>rLo- du'ecd .with iihpnrrilleled . scenic effects , and : cast, and to fulfll the. piibllc'sTexpectutions 1 had liecn delegated. by Mnnngor. Brlggs to hire 10 "supers." '. 1 did so hurriedly; gave tliein one re- henrsalp nnd returned to my. hotel. Chrlstmnsievc'enine, and with It a crowd that packed the G— — Music Ilnll fiom-pit to dome. Our olio was duly applauded, and then came the fcntiire of the'performniice the dramatic sketch, A Blow 'for Liberty;" The stage wiis set for the Interior of-.a French chateau, niul Adrian 1'otskiiu, of the Third Section, Ilnssinn Imperial Police, ns played by Herbert; Carle, made his appear ance; ' ' ' , All went well until the climax of tlie skcteh, when the supers were to rush on In a body, made tip as Nihilists, to stall Pols- kliii, mid thim rush off. again at tlie. sound of tlie door hell, rung by "Pblskltn's sweetheart. 1 was standing in the wings at" the time and gave the signal for thelr enlrancc. On they rushed, surrounded Carle and went through the paiitomlme of stabhiug . him. Then the door hell, rang, and tliey disappear ed through the sundry',' exits. ' Carle was lying, prone upon the stage as his sweetheart, . played by Lotlle -Mnyton,. dashed on. At the sight of ;hlm slie gave n wild shriek anil cried plleonsly, "Some one quick—help! help!" - Realising that something was wrong, I rang down : the cnrtnln. and ran to where Carle lay. - .: He was stone dead, with n dagger. plunged Into his" breast, to the lillt. , On tlie handle Was stamped, In English lettering; : . ."Mndo.fnr.Oie -lriiltor." ' I ordered (he stage, door, locked .and: lined up tlie "supers/ ' : . One had disappeared. The:-'proprietor of the G — — .Music Hall, didn't :wnnt to have It .known -tlint -murder, had been committed on his stngiq and having Influence Avltlr the police,, tlie -matter ,, ivas liiislied.'aip; The report was. made, public , llmt iivthe' senfile vvlth' the "supers," Carle had. iiceldent'ally 'stabbed ' lilmsclf.' : I was nrobiibly the only person who rightly guessed what hail happened... The Nihilists liud caged '.their' victim at last! To-day there resides in a luxurious apart ment house In New York City n protty young woman who mourns constantly, lint never spenlis of the terrible tragedy which deprived: her of bur husband within' li few hours of the marriage ceremony. She is known as Mrs. Atibrey-Mnnlbn. /The enormous' Income loft her by her litishand she prhctlcnlly spends In charity. A few remember lier ns llttlc'Lottle Mnyton, tbe soubrctte of Mnnngor Brlggs's All Star Metropolitan Vaudeville and Dra matic Combination.— Marl: Meredith, In the "New York Clipper.". 