HEART. AND SWORD. by JOHN STRANGE WINTER CHAPTER VIII.— (Continued.) From that moment Miss Mallinffer's success as aa actress was assured. I-Ier uame was in every body's mouth, not as a great artiste, but as a fresh, simple, delightful child-woman. Wicked old sinners, who had long ago forgotten tho vir tues of the mothers who bore them, extolled her charms In language which had for years been a stranger to their tongues. "By Jove, sir, the young ladies of tho present day can take a lesson from that charming little creature! If there wero more like her there would be fewer cases in the Divorce Court, fewer scandals in the clubs. By Jove, sir, she's a walk- lag sermon on femininity, and I don't know when I have seen such modesty, uch innocent coquetry, such pretty, simple, affectionate ways, such charm of breeding and carriage, such a perfect specimen of an Englishwoman." In truth it was as well that tho girl could not hear all the praise which was lavished upon her. Had she done so, sho might have failed to recognise wilful Kit Mallindor, who had pouted for want of a clean white frock, and deliberately flouted her future motlier-in-law. There was a big party 011 Uio stage that night to which KM was bidden, but she excused herself with (irmucss from being present. "No, Mr. Langton," she said, when ho came to her dressing- room and insisted that sho should withdraw her refusal to tho manager. "No, Mr. Langton, I am sorry, I must go home — I must go straight homo. I faithfully promised Mr. Laveu- der that I would not go gaddding about, making a fool of myself socially. I was very small pota toes yesterday, ami I may bo very small potatoes to-morrow, and I want to keep my wits about me. and not have my head turned by a lot of silly compliments not worth tho breaitih they're spoken with!" "But I won't excuso you," said Walter Lang ton, Iu Ills most masterful toues. "I particularly want to introduce you to my wife for one thing. She Is dying to make your acquaintance." "Mrs. Langton is dying to do nothing of tho kind; und if Mrs. Langton is dying to make piy acquaintance sho can ask mo to come and liavo tea with her any afternoon that thero isn't a matinee, and I shall bo charmed to accopt the Invitation. I am not going on the stage to-night, Mr. Langton, and so It Isn't of the least use your asking me." "You're a very obstinate little miss," said he. "Yes, I know that. But I promised you that my obstinacy sjiou'ld not stand in your light, and I havo not let It do so. It won't stand In your light that I'vo gone homo to my bed like a good girl. O11 the contrary. Uiey will say, 'How sweet, how good, how simple, how domesticated ol tho little girl to go home to bed like a good little child that has said Its lesson! It will make a far better Impression than If I xvent 011 the stage now, strutting about like a peacock, and drinking in all tho praise I could get." Walter Langton stood and lookod at hor fixedly. "Little woman — " ho said. "Sir!" she made reply. "I thought down to this moment that you wero a simple, guileless, unaffected little girl from the provinces — what you professed to be. It seems to mo that you liavo got as long a head upon tlioso slight young shoulders of yours aa ever Philip Lavender has upon his!" The ghost of a smile flitted over tho girl's face. "And If I liavo, Mr. Langton," sho said, "that will bo all the better, both for you and for me." He burst out laughing, patted her on tlio shoul der again, nnd betoolc himself away. "Tlio heroine of tlio hour?" ho replied, In answer to a question put to him as noon as I10 showed his face among tho goodly crowd oil tho stage. "Gone home lo bed. Refuses to come In — absolutely, llrntly, determinedly. Would not even come to bo Introduced to my wifo." "What!" cried hair a dozen Incredulous voices. "No; says that if my wifo asks her to tea by herself sho will be charmed bo go, but that sho Is an actress, and Is not going to fritter herself away on society. And so, my dears, if you want to see tho lady, you must como and pay ten and sixpence to do It!" "Tell mo, Mr. Langton, Is she as charming oft as on? Is she — I mean, would you call her a lady — a well-bred woman?" Mr. Langton looked at his questioner Intently, rubbed tho palms of his hands slowly together, and said: "Yes, I should call her something more than a lady — she's a good 'un. Well- bred, reflncd, culti vated — a lady In tho best sense of tho word to tho very tips of her fingers." CHAPTER X.— SUCCESS. Tho following morning Kit Mallindor was sur prised by a visit from Philip Lavender. Sho had breakfasted In bod, and had nftorwards risen at her leisure, and was expecting Gregory Alison every moment. When Harriot, tho housemaid, came up to her bedroom door and told her that thero was a gentleman in tho drawingroom to see her, she answered carelessly enough, "All right, Harriet, I will bo down In half a minute." "It Isn't tho young gentleman. Miss," said Har riot, who was a' friendly and communicatiYO young woman, deeply interested In the love affairs of everybody with whom she came In contact. "Oh! Who is It thou?" "Well, here's 'Is card, Miss." Kit crossed tlio room aud took the bit of paste board out of tho girl's work-worn fingers. "Mr. Philip Lavender," sho read. "Oh, thank you, Harriet." She found Philip Lavouder alone In the hand some but dreary drawingroom. He was standing near 0110 of tho long windows holding his hat In his hand. As lio heard the sound of the door closing ho turned aud came to meet her. "My dear child," ho said, "I congratulate you many times. Your success Is perfectly assured. Have you seen the papers?" "No, not yet, Mr. Lavender, not yet." "Not seen the papers! Hadn't you the curiosity, as soon as your eyes wero open this morning, to send out and buy tho papers?" "No," slioisald, shaking lier head In a way which loft no doubt as to lier truthfulness. "I have neither asked for nor seen a paper yet." "But did you not want to know what tho world was saying of you?" She looked at him a little roguishly. "Why, yes, Mr. Lavender," she replied, "I wanted to know badly enough, but I was afraid they might say disagreeable things. 1 tnouglit that if there was good news somebody would bring It, and if there was bad news, the longer I could put off knowing it the better." "My dear child," lie said, "there can be 110 had news after such a success as you had last njght. Do you know that I had a message brought down to mo after tho llrst act to tell me that tho public had taken to you?" "Not really? I did not know It — I mean, that tho public had not found fault with me — at- least, I knew that they hadn't fouud fault with lue — I mustn't tell stories— but I really did not know for certain that I was a success until tlio very end, aud even now I don't feel very sure about " Ho put Ills hat down upon tho tablo and opened a bundle of newspapers which he was holding In his hand. "Sit down here," I10 said, drawing her to tlio sofa set endways' to the window by which tliey wero standing, "and road these. It will probably take your breath away, and you must discount a little of it. By- the-bye, why did you not show last night? I camo to tho party on purpose to congratulato you." "You did!" "Of courso I did. And tliey told mo that you had gone home to bed; that nothing would induco you to remain. And I " "Yes," said Kit, "and — ?" I-Ie took hold of her baud. "My dear littlo girl," ho said, I was disap pointed not to seo you, lint I admire you moro than any words can express that you had the com mon sense to tako your triumph so well and to go away aud lcavo people a littlo curious about 5 She flushed up scarlet under Ills grave critlcial 05 "Well," sho said, "I don't know that it was altogether common sense, Mr. Lavender, lo tell you tho truth I was dying to go to the party. "And why did you not.' "Because when I flrst camo Into your company you told mo that I could not servo two masters, that it would be bad for me to be seen here, there, and everywhere; and 1 made it my rule N'0"" I would not go Into society, and I have kept to it And, besides that, my— my young man — ' will a charming sinile breakiug over her face caino up from Atdershot to seo the play, and he had not been asked to the party." "So you went off to supper with him? "No, I camo straight homo. The lady of this house gave us some supper, but it was a very mild dissipation, I assure you." Philip Lavender seemed for a moment llko one brought to a sudden standstill; then his stern faco broke Into a smile, and lie patted her hand. "You are a very good child ; you deserve every bunco of your success," lie, said, In bio kindest voice, "and soino day you will bo very tharkful that I gave you that particular bit of advice; seo If you aro not. Of courso, the gallant har.ceo was oxtromely pleased and proud of you, and loved you all tho better that you did not care to go and drink your All of Intoxicating flattery at the Imnds of strangers, leaving him out iu tlie cola. I will leave you theso papers. You havo only to go 011 as you have begun, to bo in a year or two at the very top of tlio tree. You are exceptionally gifted, you havo sense and good breeding, and, best of nil, you are honest; and 1 iun very proud that you mado the lirst steixs of your dramatic career under iny wing, lint, remember, taking both her hands, and looking down upon her searcli- ingly, "remember that I have only lent you to Walter Langton. You arc still mine; you still belong to 1110, and I have always the flrst claim upon you." Sho ran to the window to watch him go down tho steps and get into the cab which was awaiting him. Perhaps it was only natural that her heart should ho beating high, and all her pulses stirring briskly. To liavo so great a man come personally to congratulato lier on lier success waa a tremen dous thing for 0110 so young In the profession, and Kit had never under-valued Philip Lavender's kindness and friendship: Indeed, up to that iuot. meat she had novel dared to "liink cf him as a friend, 0I1, 110. As one of tho girls nt the Coliseum 1 1 1.4 .4 nti/\\(1iAt> ttfliAn Phllln T .n vn n _ nau Haul one iu&ui; umwhiw - — .w.. del- had passed Kit in tho wings with a pleasant word of greeting, "It's quite pathetic to seo little Mallinder when Mr. Lavender speaks to lier." "Gone?" asked tho other. ''Not a bit, sho wouldn't presume so far. Her adoration for him is a fetish. If he told lier to jump out of a window sho would probably go and do it without a moment's hesitation, llko tho Roman soldier that— you know tho story." "I don't," said the other girl, lier eyes wander ing over tlio bit of stage that tliey could seo from their place of vantage. "What was It?" Tlio flrst speaker turned and looked at her with intense uraazemont In hor eyes. "You don't know that story?" sho said, "and ygt you are a member of Philip Lavender's Company! Well, the xvholo world is funny, but that' part of It that calls itself dramatic Is funnier than all tho rest put together!" (To be continued.) 