. . TOMLINBON. \- Now TomunDon-gavo up tho ghost in his T '.T hoilso'ln Borkoloy-squaro , And a spirit camo to nis bodsldo and grinnod \- him by tho hair— , A spirit gripped bitn by tho hair and oarriod v . - him far away. .. Am nu nonra as iuo roar oi a rain-iod ford . tho roar of the' Milky Way j - ( Till ho hoard tho roar of tho Milky Way die / down and drono nnd oeaso, V , '' . And., they camo to thogato within the wall s : . . whoro Folor holds tho' koys. V Stand up, stand up now, Tomlinkon, and ' aDHWor loud anu bfgh, v Tho good that yo did fortho sako of man or , Over yo como to dio— ; The good that yo did for tho sako.of mon In , . little oarth so lonol" And the naked soul of Tomlinson grow white . / as a raio-vrashed bono. " 0, 1 havo a frlond on earth," he said, " and that was my priest and gutdo, / And woll would ho onawor all for mo If ho . wero by my sldo,!', V For that yo strovo in nolghbor-lovo it shall . bo written fair, But now yo wait at HortVon's Gate and not la Bcrkeloy-squnro - ' , Though wo oallod your friend from his bed >> this night, ho -could not spoak for you, « , For tho raco Is run by ono and oho, and nevor by two and two." . V : 'Thon Tomlinson looked up nn<Tdown, and ; l , littlo'miln was thoro, %/«.: For tho naked Btars grinned overhead, and ho v . saw im soul was bnro. .. The. wind that blowod between tho worlds, it out him like a knifo, ' And Tomlinson took up'his talo and spoko of his good in lifo: 'This I havo road In abook," hosald, " and ' - that was told to mo, . .. r.'-'And this I havo thought that another man ' .1 thought of ft princo in Muscovy,"- . Tbo good bouIb flocked liko homing doves aud , . bftdo him dear tho path, And Foter twirled the jangling koys In wonri- ncaa ond wrath; ' . "Yo hayo rend, yo havo board! yo havo thought," ho said, " and tho taloisyotto ran; By tho worth of tho body that onco yo had, ; -give answer— what ha' yo dono?" Then Totnllnson looked back and forth, nnd 'Uttlo good it buro, For tho darkness stayed nt his shouldor-blndo nnd Hcavou's Goto before : " 0 this I havo felt.'ond this I havo gnossod, . ' and this I'havo hoard mon eny, v' And this thoy wroto that another man wrote of a oArlln Norroway. , " \- Yo havo road, ye havo foil, yo have guessed, ood lack I yoliAVo hampered Heaven's : Gate; Tboro'fl Httlo room botwoon. tho stars in idlo- noss to prato I 0 none may road by hired spooch.of neigh bour' priest and kin,- Through borrowed doed to God's good meod N that lies so fair within ; Get honco, get honce to tho Lord of Wrong, for doom has yet to run, And . . . . tho faith that yo sbaro with Berkoley Square uphold you, Tomlinson 1" Tbeplrlt gripped him by thehnlr nnd sun /by sun tlioy foil, . s Till thoy camo to tho bolt of Naughty . Stars that rim tho moqth of Hell ; Tho first aro red with prido and wrath, the / next aro white with pain"; ' \ Brit tho third are. black with cllnk'orod sin ; that cannot burn again. They may hold their path, . thoy may loavo their path, but never a rouI to mark, Thoy may burn or freeze, but they mnst not . , coaao in tho Hcorn of Jho Outor Dark. . Tho wind that blows botwoon tbo worlds it : nipped him to tho bono, Aud ho yoftrned tothoflaroof HelbGato thero ,08 tho llghfc'Of his own hea'rth.stono. ' Tbo Davll ho sat behind tho bars, whoro the desperate legions drew, . But ho oaught tho hasting Tomlinson" and would not let him through. . " Wot yo tho price of good pit coal that I must pay?" 8ftid ho. That yo rank yoursel' bo lit for Hell, and ask" no loavo of roe I Bit down, sit down upon tho slag, and answer loud and high Tbo hnrms that ye did to the Sons of Mon or , ... ' < . over yo came to dio." ' '- .And Tomlinson looked up and up and saw . against the night . | Tho belly ot a tortured star blood-rod in the . Hell-mouth light;-". y And Tomlinson looked down and down, and saw beneath his foot Tho frontlet of a tortured-- star rallk-whito In ' the Holl-Mouth boat. "01 had a lovo on earth," said ho, "that \- kissod mo to my fall, And if yo wonld call my lovo to me, I 'know eho would answer all I " "All that yo did in love forbid it shall bo written fair,- Butnow yo wait at Hell-Mouth Gate, and not In Bcrkoloy Squaro ; Though wo whlstlod your lovo from her bod to-night, 1 trow sho would not run, For tho sin yo do by two and two yo must pay for ono by ono 1" Tho Wind that blows between tho worlds, It . cat him liko a knlfo, And Tomlinson took up tho talo and spoko of his sin In life — " Onco I ha' laughed at power of lovo ftnd twice at tbo Grip of the Grnvo, And twice I ha' patted my God on the bead that mon might coll bo bravo." Tho Dovll ho blew on a brondered soul and sot it asido to cool- Do you think 1 would waste my.gooa pit-cow on the lildo of a brain sick fool ? I sco no mirth lo tho hob-nailed mirth or the jolt-head jest ye did That I should waken my gentlemen that aro sleeping throe on n grid." Then Tomlinson looked book- aau iortb, and there was UttJc .;fco, . For Hcll-flato tilled tho houseless Bolfl with tht'Fcor of Naked Spaco. "' ' Nay this I ha' hoard," - quoth Tomlinson, M and this was noised abroad, And this I ha got from a Uolgian book on the word of a dead Fronch lord." — " Yo ha' heard, yo ha' got, good lack ! and tho tnlo begins afresh— Havo yo sinned ono slri for tbo prido of tho oyo or tho sinful lust.ot tho Hosh ? " Then Tomlinson ho gripped tho bars, and yammored, "LctC;qin— For i mind that I borrowed my neighbour's wifo to sin tho deadly sin." ThoDovil ho grinnod boliind tho bars and bankod tho fires up high : " Did yo road of that sin in a book?" said ho ; and Tomlinson said, " Ay I " flirt Tlftitll l,n litnu, nnnn lila nnlln. Hfl(1 Ihfl littlo dovils ran, And ho said: "Go husk this whimpering thiof that comes in tho guiso of n man; Winnow him oat rtwixt star nnd Btar, and bIovo his proper worth ; Thoro's sore decline in Adam's line if this bo . tho spawn of oarth 1 Krapusa's crew, so nnkod-now thoy may ' not Jaco tbo fire Ilut wood that thoy bin too small to sin to tho nolght of tnelr dosiro." Aud o'er tho oonl they chased tho soul, and raoked it all abroad, As ohlldrcn rifle a caddls-caso or tho raven's foolish hoard, And back thoy eamo with tho tattered Thing as ohildren after play, And thoy sold : " The Soul that ho has got from God ho has havtcrod clean away. Wo havo threshed a stock of print nnd book, nud winnowed a chattering wind, And many a soul whorofrom ho stole, but his wo oannot find : Wo havo bandlod him, wo havo dandled him wo have soared him to tho bono, And sure It tooth nnd nnil show truth, ho has no soul of bis own." The devil ho bowod his head on lilsbroast and " I'm all o'er-slb to Adam'sbrccd that I should bid him go. Yot oloso wo lio, and deep wo lie, nnd if 1 glvo him plnco, My gontlomon that nro so proud would flout mo to my faoo ; Thoy'd oall my house a common stows and me a carolcss host, And— I would not anger my gontlomon . for tho sako of a shiftless ghoul." Tho Dovll ho looked nt tho mnnglad form thnt prayed to fool tho flame, And. ho thought of Holy Charity nnd ho thought of his own good namo Nowyo would haste my coal to wosto nnd Bit yo downto.fry: Did yo'think of that jhoft for yourself?" said ho : and Tomlinson said, " Ay 1 " The Peril ho blow an outward breath— for his heart was free from oaro : — " You bnvo ecaroo tho soul of a louse," said lie, " but tho roots of sin aro thoro, And for that sin should yo como In wero 1 the lord alone. But sinful prido lias rulo insldo and mightier than my own. . Honor nnd Wit, fore-damned thoy sit, tocaoli his priest and whoro ; Nay, scarce I dure myself go thoro, and you thoy torture. Boro Yft nrn nnltlinr nnlrit tint anlrlr." hn nntd « " vn era noithor book nor broto — Go gut thco baok to tho flesh again for tho sako of man's reputo. I'm all o'or-slb to Adam'sbrccd, thatlBhould inook your pajn, „ Butiook that yo wit) to' worthier sin 'oro yo como baok again. Got honoo, the' nenrso is at your door— Uio grim black stallions wait — Thoy bear your olay to plnoe to-day. Speed, lest yo ootno too luto I Go back to oarth' with a lip unsonlcd— go back with au opon oyo, And carry, my word: to tho Sons of Mon, ov 'ovor yo want to dio ; That the sin thoy do by two and two they must pay for ono by one— And ... Tho God that yotook from a printed book bo with you, Tomlinson I " Iludyard Kipling. 