OOLAO.PRESBYTEltIAN OCURCH. INDUCTION OF THEP REV. JOHN M'KENZIE. We continue our report of the proceed ingai fr in 1 rt issue. I he Rev. A. S. Hou4on delivered the "Induction Charge," which comprised an address to minister and congregation. Addressing Mr M'Kenzie he said .-It is my privilege to address to you in the name of the Geelong Presbytery *ome words of countel corcerning the duties nod respon sibilities attaching to the position into which you have just been inducted. You need no assurance from me that in speak ing on b00 galf of the brethren I am not cliimiong or myself either a sider know ledge, or A deeper wisdom on th sa matters than you own. Our. purpose is not tI in stiuct you, but. rather to stir you up by way * f relaemb alce, and to strentthen your hands in God as you entr to-day upon this new and import.tiit Fp'-ere o' labor. You areno novice in the wntk of the Christian ministiy. You are no stranger to its demacnds upon I hose who would faithfully and fearlessly d:sAbarge its sacred obligations. The strain which it imposes upon a mau's physical strength, as A?l as upon his ment-l faculties and spiutial resources you already unders-and. The ministry, as you knjw, is neither all sunshine nor all shadow, but a mixture of both. Tou are familiar with its bright and its dark sides, its jois and its sorrowN, its times of glad uplifting, ald i:s periods of deep and sore disappoirtment. You have doubtless tasted the sweetness, snd also the bitterness which ire inseparable from Christ's service amuin men. Siloiliar experiences shall certainly atsend your labors here. Some will surely hear your message, ss you speak in the name tf the iord, and 3our hoart shall rejoice at saiuts cheered and comfoited, and sinners turn ing to the Saviour in sincre repentance. Others shall remain cold and unresponsive, or will treat your appeals with indiffer ence, and porlaps also, with contempt. Be it yours to work on in patience and faith, and your labous shall not be in v in. Yours duties are msnifold, and will re quire all your resources for their proper fulfilment, You must be a fisher .,f men, a sower of seed, a reaper in God's harvest field, a wL.tchmali upon the wall, and everywhere, and always an ambassador of Christ. These dutie' constitute a high and hbly trust, my brother. And wneu we consider the magnitude of the wcrk, its rest importanc:. and its awful respon sibility, we may well excla:m, " Who is sufficient for thele things." The burden is, indeed, heavier than human shoulders can bear alone, and the strain greater than human strength, unsupported, ean endure. The man who can enter up.n this work with a light heart, and who does not feel h's utter powell ssness to discharge its obligations by himself, has ceitainly mis taken his calling. It is only when we are compelled in sheer impotence to cast our s-lves at our Master's feet that our hearts are cheereo, and our hands are strengthened, and our Lord tells us that he is not sending us anywhere at our own caarges. Then we realise that it is not our wor!r, but Hi=, and that His holy arm ehall gain for Him the 'ictory. Then our lips are touched with a live coal from God's alter, our personal uncleanness is taken away, and we are prepared t. receive and obey the order, "Thou shalt go to all that I Ehill send thee, and whatsoever I com mand thee thoa shalt speak. Be not afraid of thrir faces, for I am with thee to de liver thee." A life woek so important, and chaiged with such heavy re-punsibilities, demands great gift, and high attiinments. Some of these requisite3 are only to bh reached and retained by means of diligent study; others, and by fir the most im portant, must be ob?tined b, prayer, and the constant imitations of Clrist's example. You cinnot bring to this service too much knowledge, nor too great a store of learning. The very besn fruits ef your int .lect and the richest and tarest attainments in all departments of human learning are not too good for use in doing the work of the ministry. Yet it becomes us to remember that human lealning can never supply the place of grace in the lhart, and that he who has nothing better than his scholarly attainments to depend upon lor success in this work leans upon a broken reed. Learn ing is in its proper p)lce in the pulpit only so long as it is an ha dmaid to the Go-pel. The moment it passes beyond this it ceases to be helpful, and becomes an instiument oEevil. Whn s min pirades his learn ing and draws attention to his own ac quirimneat', when he holds up to view his own opinions, or speculations, or beliefs, he is false io his Irurt, and disloyal to Christ. Our bu iness as ministers is to ee-k the slvation of souls, to rouse men from in difference, and worldliness, and false se curity, and to build up true believers in the faith. Theee objects can only be accomplished by a faitlhul delivery of God's message. The ang 1 cf death is in the midst of men: it is our business to proclaim the fact, and to point to Jesus Christ as a safe iefuga. That- is.the most successful ministry where the messenger is lost sight of in the interest aroused by the message which he1 brings; where the ker vant is forgotten because men are con ducted into\ the piesence of the living Christ. In' there days .f thirst after novelty and sen-ation, we need specially to guard against giving stones for bread ; we must beware of supplying them with the husks in pl.c. of the pure word of life. Men may praise us mora if we preach unto them smooth things, ana make them feel themselves comfortable and contentod with a form of godliness. Our fame may be noised abroad if we avoid all Euch unoalat able themes as ruin by the fall, and the necessity for repentance and he new birth. It will to a po:or satisfc ion bhen we come to render in our account unto Go:, it we have no'hing in our hands as the frui's of our ministy but the withered 1,o-ves of an earthly reIutation. OE the other qualifi citions for the workof the minizt y, the foremost and indispensablo one is personal conversion. None can communicate to men God's message of peoce except those who have themselvLs received arid accepted it. . . The true mnister i. a genuine witness who speaks what he knows, and testifies from his own experience of the mercy of God in Christ. Another qualifi cation is that he be a man of pryyer. You will have a differen, experi-nce from that of .ther ministerr, if yu have not many things to try and touble you. Forall these, whether they come from without or within, prayer is the unft'ailii rm:dy. Go to. he Lorl with all yo'r perplexity; ia.'n y u want a counsellor consult Him. He will comfort you in your disappoint i;ents, and rejoice wi:h you inayour ousces-. The-e is nothing like the sunshine of the. F,1her's love, and the consciousness of the Father's care, for smoothing the roughest roid and rendering practical the most thorny path. Keep unbroken the line of communication with heaven, and you shall receive wisdom for every emeg-sncy, guidince for ench" diy's needs as they arise, and Etrength always equal t the demands made upon it. Your grest busioness i to preach the Word, in season ani*out of seaeou, who her men hear, or whether they fi rbear. Remember the variity of ag(s, and expelience?, and characte-s you have before you in, your congregation, and endeavor to give to each his and her own portion. Do not overlook the fagd pilgrims whuse feet are already close to the brink of the Jordin, and espccially b3 c'r.ful of the l-mbs of the fl ck, that you may guide th.ir feet into the way after Je us. Fo!low up your public preaching by vi;i'ic from house to house, both ti at you may become ac quainted with your people and that you may have an oppo!tunity of-dropping a word in reason. Endeivor to show your people that you take an inter.st in tbem, and they will respond by givinx you their confidence. Trust them, and they will not disappoint your expectarions. The rick and thle sorrowful have a lrgitimate claim upon your care and attenti.,n. Finally, my brother, pray for your people. Take them by the'r fomilies tefro :ho Lord. The rev. gentlemau thou addreesed the congregation as follows:-To-day you have had the man of your choice ast over you as your pastur nod teacher, and we trust that he may be long spared to go ouh and in among you in the Master's service. It will be his daily endeavor to care for your highest intere-ts, and to watch for your souls as one who must giT-an accour.t un to God. He will rejoice wi h you in your joys, and mourn with you in your Forrows; he will give you such spiritual advice -axd counsel as .God may ocable him to offer. -e is your minister, thi? is, your serva'n in Jesus Christ. Let me remind you that the working of ench a congregation as this cannot be undertaken by the miuister alone. He has his own share in the work, and that will require all the strength, and all tho wisdom, and all the grace of God in his possession. If the congregation is to exercise the powerful influence in this town that it ought to do, and to be the great fact ir for good among the population, which its numbers and standing warrant us to erpect, then you must all do your part. Every member and adherent, and every boy and girl, will either be a source of strength to help the work of Chlijt for ward, or a dead weight holding it back In's me congregatins there are many who think it is their business to l1ok on and criticise. See to it, that there be no Euch evil worte s Faiorg you; get to work so -,*not.vl thuat vol - ?1?1l- i no timn to see f ults. Esteem you minister very higtly; attend regularly in your place at the limes of pu lic wor hip. It ischeerisg to deiver a message from God to aft expectant, peip'p, while nrlthing tekea the ihe'r' out of a man more quickly :tblan to fin t empty pews where he ixpected earnest ,heares. Then there is ano'h.r duty, without which regular at'endance upon ordinances loses more than half its value. I mean prayer, prayer for a blessing on Nolr minister's laIbos, and prayer ftr the proring out upon him, and upon your selves, of the gift of the Holy Ghost. A DrayinU people is always a loving and loyal people. and to such God ever sends true hpnrtcd, faithful minister'. Rgatding your Christ an liherhlity, [have confidence in you that all your congregarional engage monts shall be fully and willingly mint, but there are larger interests in which you have a share, such as Home MiFsion, Foreign Mis.ion and Susttntation Fun is tee to it, thitt these are helped according to ynor ability. In conclu-i-n, let me say: Do not expect too much friomi your minis ter. Remember that he is only a man with human limitations and infirmitioe. TTr in nrot omnisci-unt, so do not be angry with him if he does not know the moment that you take ill, or have sickness in the house, and fails to cnll upon you. When you want him let him know. Send a message, or a note, and he will attend to it. Do not expect that be should notice your absence from your place in church nul take that as a sufficient notifi.ation. He will need no other it hr misses you, but, with his mind full of his message, do not b- surprised if he cannot tell who it is whose presence he misss. He is not faultles'. If you discover any, go and tell him quietly, and he will thank you and try to mend ihem. Do not be in a hurry to proclaim your di.covery from the house tops. It may turn out that you have been mistaken, and have spoken to your own confusion. Toe Rev. W. Thompson engaged in praye, and this concluded the induction Eervice. The secretary (Mr J. G. Johnstone) read apologies for non-attendance from the Rvs. J. IT. Haynes and H. S. R. Thornton, Mrs John Calvert and Mrs J. D. Dickie. The spcretaiyilso read an addresscf wel come to the Rev J. M'Kenzie, from the Sessi n and Board of Management. The R-v. J. A. Taylor, on behalf of the Wesleyan Church and himself, eLve a hearty welcome to the Rev. Mr M'Kenzie. Durinr his frrquent wanderings frifn one pait of the colony to the other, he had come in contact with many Presbyteian ministers, and from his long experience of them could say that he had always found them to be-honorsbl. men. Whi'e being loyal to their own church, they always had a kind and friendly feeling towards the other chuiches. He was sure that Mr M'Kenzie belonged to that class, and he (the speaker) was prepared to ardially co operate with him in every good word and work. He congratulated Mr M-Kenzie upon getting the Colac church, and also the congregation on their wisdom in ac cepting that gentleman. He hoped and prayed that God would bless him; and that the church and the community would be the better for his labours. The Rev. W. G. Lester, on behalf of the Bille Chiistian Church, said he was deeply grateful to the committee for giving him an ooportunitv of saying a word of welcome to tke Rev. Mr M'Kenzie. The people of his church had beard a -number of the candidates, and had closelv watched the course of recont events. If it was any en couragement to minister or people, he would Fay they had acted wisely in the chloie made, and also that the prayers of his people were going, up to God that the Divine Sp rit might be upon their new minister. He wished both minister and people mot props-rous days in the fu'u'e. The Moderator said he had a most pleasing duty to perform, ,that was-to present, on behalf of the congreeation, to Mr BMKanzie the btdre of office -a black gown. He hoped Mr M'Kenzie would live long to wear it, and grac" the office he held. At his r. quest, Mrs Dr Rae then came forward and robed Mr M'Kenzie with the vesture of rffice, amid't applause. The Moderator than pr(senled Mr M'Kenzie. on behalf of the same donors, with a hand some pulpit Bible and a book of Church Praise. The Rev. J. M'Kenzie, who appeared to be deeply moved, responded in feeling terms. He thanked them very heartily for the kind we'come accorded him, and also for their gifts. Tho presence of such a laree gathering showed that they an quiesced in his induction, and was also an evidence of the warmth'of their welcome. He felt with Amos of old that he was not " a prophet, neither the son of a prophet;" but it was at God's call that he entered the ministry, and he worked for six years at Tylden, and then God cal'ed him to come to Colac. and he looked to God for grace ti do his work in this charge. They had given him the robe of offi.e, which would remind him of two biinas- First, that he mightbe clothed with power from on high, that he might be.girded with power from God, in order to preach the Gospel acceptably, relying on the stronigth God gave unto him. Secondly, the robe of office would remind him of tbh.ir chariy, which he hoped was such as would mke allowances for his shor comings, and his. failings be looked upon with charity. The Bible would show him that he had been entrusted, not only with the work of the church, but with the Word of God. It was like an unworked mine, and his en deavor would be to work that mine so as to bring out of it treasures new 'nd old. ,They had promised him their help and sympathy, for which he thanked them, and he also relied upan having their prayers. He trusted they would thus become fellow workers with God, and that His blessing would rest upon every work and enterppiie of the church. Mr B. M. Forbes moved a vote of thanks to the Rev. A. Davidson, for the excellent way in which he had carried out the duties of his office as Moderator. Puring the six months it had taken to fill the vacancy in the pastorate, Mr Davidson's advice and ,nsistance had been invaluahl- to the Beard of Management. and the congrrg4 tion also, and to show their appreciation of his Eervices, he (Mr Forbes) had much pleasure in presenting Mr Davidson with a purse containing a number of sovereigns with which to purchase a memento of that important occasion. Mr J. F. Parkinson seconded the motion, and te;ified to the deep debt-of gratitude they all owed to the Moderator, whose con duct of tho business throughout was worthy of all pr:i.-e. The motion was carried unanimously. The Rev. A. Davidson in r.sponding ex pressed his surprise at the unexpected favor they had conferred upon him, and he thanked them mont sincerely. He had, he said, only carried out the duties pertaining to the office of Moderator, and it was very gratifying to him to know that his efforts had- been so much apprecia'ed. If they had shown their appreriation of the work he had performed, he could assure them that he also appreciated the good spirit shown by the committee and congregation, their actions throughout reflecting grent credit upon them. He had a high estimate of the capabilities and capacities of the people of the district, and he was sure that Mr M'Kenzie had got some of the very best material to work upon. He prayed that God would prceper His work amongst them. He counluded by reading a con eralulatory telegram from the. Rev. J. Bainaby, and remarked that there was no one more anxious for the proeress and prodperity of the Colac obhWch than Mr Barnabr. . ..The pronounciing o the Benodiction brought the proceedings in the church to a arose, and the songregation then fil'd out at the main entrance door, the Eev. Mr M'Keinze shaking hands with each one as they passed out. The large concourse of people flocked in to the schoolroom, where a first cl:ss tea .had been provided by tte ladies. The room was nicely decorated, the word " Welcome" appearing in bold letters in two places. 'lhere wns an immense crush at th;s interesting function, and the greateit good feeling was manifebted by all, tile gýithering paltaking of a% real hom-ly and friendly re-union of Christian work-ra. The guests of the evening, Mr and Mrs M'Kenzie, were much ea evidence; they made themselves personally ac quainted wvith as many of their flock as they possibly c)uld, nud created.a favorable impression by their sccitil and amiable quailities. Befo e the company separated a little spetchifying -was indulged in, in cluding a n,"atly worded address from their old p s',r. whose kis dry, lo iign ,nt f.ace was a very welt me sight to hi3 Iried.ds ,ni compaiiuns , formrrdays. The Rev. J. D. Dickie said it was like coming home to be amongst them once more, bFcauseohe felt more at home in Co'ac th.n be did in Blight.n. It w. thirty-three years since his own induction, and. be could not help comparing the maignifiient o ngregation that bad .ssembled that day with the, smlnll and meager number of most excel'lent p-ople that eathered round him at his own in duction thirty-three yer, ago. He had met a few of his old frienids that day, and his heart warmed tiwa:ds them. He hbd bven very anxious abhut his old con gregatir.n during the past nine months, Sthey beitn like sheep without a tshrlierd, but now that they had got. a p- stor they would get on swimmingly. He trusted Mer l'K..nzie wou'd hlve as long aunas happy n, minisrry as he himse'f had enjoyed. He had often been congratulated on his thilty two years' ministry, and thouht that said much for a minis'er; it also aaid something for the coavregation. If t'oy had not been reasonable people he could not have got on with tbem uo well. (Applauss). He hoped they would rally round Mr M'Kenzie, co-operating with hin in all his woik, and then he felt sure the blesEint, of God would rest upon the settlement made that day. The Rev. A. S. Houslon aid be could not help feeling thankful that he had been permitted to witness the induction of their now minister,-and especially the heartinea of the welosme giver him. The crowded state of the church was An evidence of their desire to help and encourage their minister in his work. He believed he was right in saying that they would never regret their choice. He knew a good deal about Mrs M'Kenzie, and he could honestly say that she was one of the best minister's wives that exised in Ihe Presbyterian Church of Victoria. She was a lidy who was ready and willing to Eet her hand to every good work, and she would certainly help to foster the union made that day. (Applause). The Rew. W. Thompson, on behalf of himself and the Presbytery of Mortlake, jongratulated the conaretation upon the suspicious settlement effcted that day. He trusted that Mr M'Kenzio would get a full church even on wet Sundays, as the members hai established a reputation that day which Mr M'Kenzie would expect them tomaintain. (Laughter andlapplauEe). He had heard the best accounts of both Mr and Mrs M'K.nzie, and be had every confidence that Mr Houston's statements regardinz them were true. It was his earnest desire that the most cordial rc lationship should extent between himself and Mr M Kenzie, both as men anul mini. sters.. Mr D. C. Dunoonimoved a vo'e of thanks to the choir, to the collectors, and to the ladies who had provided the tea. He stated that they all had done their part willingly and to the satsfaction of overyone,and were deserving of the best thanks of the congre gation. Referring to what Mr Houston had said r..garding Mrs M'Kenzie being such a willing worker, he (Mr Dunoon), could siy that the choir and the ladies of the church, on their part would not be found waiting, all of them br-ing fully prepared to co-operate with Mrs M'Kenzie, in every good work that would advance the interests of the church. The secretary (M.r J. G. Johustone), proposed a vote of thanks to Mr A. C. Parkineon, who had kindly acted as Jehu to the several ministrs for the pa-t seven teen months, driving them to their Sunday afternoon appointments, in all kinds if wetther, and at much personal incon venience to himself. The commiltoe had testified th?ir appreciation of MrA Parkin son's services by forwarding him a le'ter ofthanks, a copy of which Mr Johnstone read out. A number of friends had also subEOlibcd for a travelling rug, which Mr Johns'one said he had much pleasure in presentm.n to Mr Parkinson. Mr Parkinson brirfly replied. He thanked the donors for their kind gift, and stated that he bad only done what he con sidered it was his duty tm, do, and he was prepared to perform similar work, or any thing that was in his power to d', for the cbureh. This concluded the programme, but the Rev. A. Davidson requested permission to make a few remarks' before the friends separated. Ho wished to say that'during the past few months that he had been acting as Moderator, there was one thing which deeply impressed him, namely, the devotion, and great interest shown by the people, and especially by the young men, in th6 affairs of the church- there was in them an element of eager, earnest manhood. Mr M'Kenzie would have behind him a phalanx of capable business minded men, who were qualified to forward the interests of God's church, add it would not be long before their minister would find himself surrounded by numbers of willing workers. He gladly acknowledged the services of the committee, and referred particularly to the splendid services performed by Mr J. G. Johnstone as secretary to the committee. Dlring the time he had acted as Moderator, he had occasion to be in frequent com munication with Mr Johnstone, as well as coming in contact with him personally, and he (the speaker), owed him a debt of gratitude for his valuable suggestions, and the hearty manner in which his recom mendations and instructions had been carried out. Mr Johnstone had shown that he was an admirable and business like recretary, and Mr M'Kenzio and the com mittee were fortunate in having such a capable officer. He moved that their best thanks be given to Mr Johnstone for his pealpils labours. Mr E. M. Forbes, as a member of the" committee, seconded the motion, and stated that whatever Mr Johnstone undertook, he did thoroughly; he was quite a committee in himself. The resolution was carried by acclamation. Mr Johnstone thanked them most sin cerely for the high compliment, and for all the kind things that had been said of him. He hoped, if Providence spared him, to do as much for the church in the future as he had done in the past, He had always tried to do his duty, and if he had trodden on the toes of anyone, lie could only say that he did so simply because lie had thought it was his duty to doit. Whenhe accepted the position eighteen months ago, it was only a temporary arrangement, and as he found that his secretarial duties en croached too -much on his time, he intended to retire when his term of office was up in six month's time. He trusted their new minister and his wife w6uld have every success, and that in their hands the church would prosper anfrgrow abundantly. The proceedings then terminated with the Benediction. 