PRUDENTIAL reasons should always have due consideration in any mat ter, large or small, personal or national, but Civilisation was never created by prudence, nor sustained by it; therefore when members of Parliament put prudential reasons forward as justifying withholding military support to the Empire in the Transvaal they condemn them selves as unfit for public life, as well as prove that they have no vision for the permanent interests of the human race as a whole, as against the calamities which war entails upon the participants in it. Prudence dictates that nio human being shall do more than live as an animal. That is the true logic of prudence when it is allowed to dominate the human intellect. Con sequently any man who enters Par liament as a devotee of Prudence must do so for his personal advan tage-not for that of the community. Trifling as the franchise trouble in the Transvaal is to the superficial observer it really means the weak est link in the whole chain of Brit ish Imperialism. It means that if the Dutch boers in Cape colony, Natal, the Transvaal, or the Orange Free State, can exercise a dominant sphere of influence in South Africa, then the whole Empire is destroyed. India would rise to obtain the status of the Dutch boers in their relations to the Elipire. All the "mean whites" (and there are several vari ties of them) throughout the Em pire, even in the British isles them selves, would rise also, ostensibly to form a Republic, but really to intro duce Anarchy. Democracy, plus British Constitutional Imperialism, is the only hope for the human race on this planet. That is a concep tiop of loyalty to the Empire which is utterly unkhown to those who ought to know it most, and who think they know what Imperialism means, but they do not. Loyalty in spirit is of infinitely more im portance than loyalty in deed. The former must precede and encom pass the latter as the warmth of the sun accompanies its light, other wise the human race would perish. Trifling and unnecessary as Aus tralian military aid to the Empire is in'ia miterial sense, it 16i wortli the whole British army in its intel lectual effect upon the whole intel lect of the whole world. -To thosd who cannot see this to be the case we would address the words of Browning " Shakespeare was of us; Milton was for us; Burns, Shelley, were wyith us;-they watch from their graves ! Ye alone break from the van and the freemen, - Ye alone sink to the rear and the slaves. We shall march prospering,-not through your presence. Songs will inspirit us-not from your lyre. Deeds will be done while you boast Syour quiesence Still bidding crouch, whom the rest bade aspire." IN the S.M. Herald there is a.letter from -London, pointing out the necessity of having more Australian. control there of methods of market ing Australian butter, as suggested by Mr. Taverner, and referred to by up last week. We make the follow ing extracts: The price of butter in England is higher than it has been for the last 17 years dur ing the month of August. With every prospect of a good season before it there is one little rift in the lute, viz., the abseoco of a properly organised butter committee to keep in check weak agents. :If the dairymen of New South Waleswere aware how much of their money, is lost in this way they would lose no time in getting up some organised' body which should look after their interests. It is not, as generally believed, the bulk of the agents who do, harm; it is but the few, and therefore the remedj' is more easy than is popularly supposed. A regularly constituted body vould hold in check the weak sellers, and any film that was sacrificing the interest of the colonial dairyman would soon be recognised and the sacrifice checked. Every class of butter nearly that comes on to these markets is looked after by some organisation or another, so that individual sellers shall not sacrifice the goods com mitted to their care, but shall act together against the buyer. The system of selling butter in London and all over England is that of private bargaining and not public auction, and therefore there is no public check on the seller. Ie. can sell at a lower figure than his fellow agents with out them for some time discovering that he has done so. The buyers know this, and they go round among the sellers en deavouring and even frightening the weak est to accept their offer. The seller, knowing that some of his fellow agents sometimes secretly sell at lower figures on purpose to clear their floors, falls an easy prey to the buyer, and, rather than let him go, believes lihe is telling the truth when he says he can buy cheaper else where, and' the weak agent sells at' a` lower figurd accordingly. As soon as the agents generally learn that one of them is selling at a less figure than they are, they immediately lower their prices to the level of the man who has broken the market, and thus one single agent can cause a fall in values all along the line, and, what is worse, escape detection. All that these wreckers of prices have to do to escape detection is in their account sales to give the dates of selling one or two days later thah the actual'date, by which time other agents' prices will have been forced down to the level of their own, and thus they avoid discovery. To substitute for this state of things a condition of affairs that shall be equally right and just to both buyer and seller is what the situation demands. In the establishment of a properly constituted butter committee such a reasonable reform can be inaugurated, and the interests of producer and buyer equitably harmonised. No butter committee or other organisationi can force up or maintain prices beyond a fair and reasonable market value. Sudh a committee, however, would take away from any individual seller the power to lower prices generally, which he now possesses, and transfer this power of low ering values to a thorouglhly representative body, and this would have a very great steadying effect upon the market. Beside the primary object of regulating values, the committee would be a useful body to deal with many secondary matters, such as regular shipments, difficulties of dis charge, distribution in the United' King dom, reform in London charges, &c.; In a word, it would replace the disintegrating forces now at work by a policy of unity and consolidation of the best interests of all concerned. Tim non-success of the Mtaffra Beet Sugar factory is the subject of a Parliamentary paper by Mr. C. Van de Velde, who was employed by the Premier to investigate the whole subject after failure, had. asserted itself. Y1r. A "1M'ieahi, M\\.L.A., replies to Mr. Van de Velde's criticisms, and shows, we think, that both he and Mr. Van de Velde have failed to understand and group, in proper sequence of cause and effect, the various ele ments of non-success at MIaffra. Mr. Van de Velde does not come upon the scene as an impartial critic, however competent he may be, and no evidence is given of his credentials. He was adverse to the Maffra Company before its collapse. A successful" beet sugar campaign," as it is called, requires a very large supply of raw beet with a high per centage of sugar, and the initial difficulty is to get the crop and the factory to be coincident in effic iency. It does not appear to be possible to start a small factory with a small crop. Both must be big; and it naturally follows that it is difficult to get both to stride with equal step at the start. Either the factory is not ready, or the crop is not. That . was the difficulty at Staughton Vale, some years ago. The crop was ready before the fac tory was, and deteriorated consid erably while stored in heaps' like cannon balls in the open air. Mr. Van de Velde attaches considerable importance to the sale of exhausted beet pulp as siloed food- for dairy cows. He overlooks, as so many do, that no adequate demand exists in this colony for siloed food of any kind, even if it was given away, or even if it was delivered free within a radius of 10 miles of the factory. iMr. M'Lean's advice that, if the Maisat • factory. .is.,, xe-openpdwŽ1t hiiould be si-rked by n ts~ afftfeTdf-? perts obtained from California, is sound. But who is to find the work- ' ing capital'? And who is to super vise the experts? Our answer to both questions is-The Agricultural Department; and the latter should be re-organised by creating a Coun cil of all the experts now employed by the Government, who should meet fortnightly under the presi dency of the Minister to work as a. Council of war does. Experts work ing solus are the worst kind of guides. It does not matter what they are, they are all one-eyed men. "The field is a good horse," and non-expert common sense is needed as a clarifier of expert advice of any kind before it is put into practice. The Bacchus Marsh show should now receive pronminence in the thoughts of local people. Entries close on Thursday next, 19th inst. The concert on show night promise~ to be a very notable ehtertainment, to which considerable interest attaches, as diligent preparations are being made for it by a large array of local talent specially organ ised for the purpose. Particulars will be advertised next week. A ball will follow the entertainment. iiMessrs. Campbell & Sons will hold their monthly sale in Bacchus Marsh to-day. The anniversary services of the Presby tetian Church will be conducted to- morrow by Mr. John Story, from Melbourne, who will preach here both morning and evening, and at Melton in the afternoon. On Wednesday next the Presbyterian annual tea meeting will be held, when the platform part of the proceedings will be undertaken by Dr. S. M'Bursry, a very capable entertainer, and one specially fitted for such an occasion. " Oriel" says-" One of the most interesting lec tures I have ever listened to was given at the Austral Salon by Dr.. S. M'Burney. who is so well-known in musical circles. His style is very taking, and he had the audience with him the whole time. There was great dramatic force displayed in .many instances, and as Dr. M'Burney is both an accomplished musician and vocalist, the result was most delightful. One of his items was a Queensland corrob boree-the gem of the whole collection. It was so natural, with a perfect imitation of the wail of the curlew, and the sighing of the wind through the sheoaks." Lieutenant Strong's lecture on Thursday evening next, in the A.N.A. hall, should be well attended, not only on account of the subject, and out of courtesy to the lecturer, but because the A.N.A. building fund deserves what help the proceeds of the admission fees to the lecture can give it. Divine service will be held in the State school, Coimadai, on Monday evening next, at 8 p.m. instead of Tuesday. The monthly Anglican service at Rows-. lcy'8'ill take place in the Hall on Thurs day next, at 8 p.m. Local enthusiasm has been aroused this week by the announcement that 6 members of the V.M.R. who had volunteered for service in South Africa had been accepted, and were to go into barracks on Monday, preparatory to leaving on the 28th per the magnificent ship Medic. They are Lieutenant S. T. Staughton, Eynesbury; trooper D. Squires, Eynesbury; trooper Gordon Lyle, Bacchus Marsh; trooper Packington.Vallence, Maddingley ; trooper David Lyle, Rowsley; trooper W. Dela hay, Essendon. There is'some talk of holding a smoke night this evening (Sat urday) in the A.N.A. hall as a send-off. One difficulty is that Lieutenant Staugh ton is laid up with influenza, and another that probably 1 or 2 of the others could not attend at such short notice. The latest information respecting the Transvaal war is that the Orange Free State boers have commenced hostilities by marching 20,000 strong into the British colony of Natal, where they have not, so far as known, been opposed, the ob ject of the British being, apparently, to draw them forward and await reinforce ments to drive them back and completely out of their present dominions, to which they should only be allowed to return as British subjects. Cape colony should re ceive a new name, and South Africa as a whole should be placed under a British Governor-General. Mr. Peter M'Cluskey, an old resident of this district, was accidentally killed last week by being run over by a cab in one of the streets of Melbourne. He war a . man of considerable natural ability, and a great traveller. He was proud of being a native of the Kingdom of Fife. He held valuable properties on the Pentland Hills at various times, and at one time owned Cave Hill, in the Yarra district, now ow'ned by Mr. David Mitchell. The readers of this paper will remember the many literary contributions which Mr. M'Cluskey made to our columns, and he. was very fond of that sort of work, in which he spent many days. Prize lists for the horticultural show to be held in Bacchus Marsh on 27th and 28th April next can now be obtained from Mr. F. Howe, hon. Secretary. Growers cannot now complain that they had not sufficient notice to prepare their exhibits. Tenders for the booth rights at the races to be held on the Bacchus Marsh course on Wednesday, 15th November, will be received up to the 23rd inst. A programme of #80, for 6 races has been prepared, and will be published next week. The committee and stewards will meet at the A.N.A. hall'every Monday at 2 p.m. to arrange details. Mr. W. T. Lazenby addressed a meeting in Holy Trinity Sunday school on Wed nesday evening on the subject of the Mel anesian Mission. He described the in -habitants of the Solomon islands, and showed how they used to live scattered about for fear of one another; how they Sused to believe in ghosts, and to pay legacy duty to the ghosts of the recently . deceased, by providing food out of their property for a time, and depositing it on an uninhabited island sacred to departed * spirits; and how they used to indulge in sorcery. Under the influence of Christi anity they now live together, they have abandoned ghost worship, and they have largely given up sorcery. Mr. Lazenby mentioned that the success of the late . Mission Fair in Bacchus Marsh was highly appreciated by those interested in carrying on the Mission, and that a Solomon Is land boy, Watamugai, has been allotted to * the Bacchus Marsh St. Barnabas' Associ ation,.which undertakes to be responsible for the cost of his education. The net re sult of the Mission Fair will defray that expense for nearly 2 years. -The Bacchus Marsh and MIelton cricket clubs met at Melton on Wednesday for the first time this season. Neither side had their full team out. Melton went first to the wickets, and scored 50; Fraser making 21, Oppy 12, not out; F. Minus, 8. W. -Jones and Walter Simon bowled through. out, the former taking four wickets for 31, and the latter six for 18. The Marsh then scored 81 ; J. Slack beiEng highest with 21; W. Sergeant 20, H. Simon 10, F. Jones 8, :s.,mltor SBimon 7. Frasor took six wickets Sfor 28, and bowled splendidly for Melton. : Onbehalf of the public we must again complain that the National Bank authori tiesin Melbourne are not doing justice to Stheir very large Bacchus MIarsh business Sby not providing a proper bank chamber for the public and the bank's officers. The space devoted to the business is meagre and paltry and ill-ventilated-altogether the worst, we should think, of any branch bank in Victoria. The counter space where everybody's business has to be done under the eyes of everybody who happens to be waiting his or her turn is just 7ft. a 4ft., and there is about 17ft. x 14ft. of standing room in front of the counter. There is no furniture, and altogether the conditions are a disgrace to a wealthy corporation. The building was put up 35 years ago, and' was never fit for the bnsi ness even then, being poky and altogether. unventilated. It ought not to be necessary to get up a petition to the directors. They cannot' be aware of this long-continued disgrace to the district, and inconvenience to the bank's customers and to its own officers, or they would have enlarged the premises long agob by bringing thlem out to.the building line. Mr. A, S. Gordon, Manager Adelaide Property Distribution, informs us that tickets (2/6 each) are being applied for freely from all parts of Australia, and thit he is confident the drawing will come off Sfully subscribed shortly. There aire 31 prizes of properties situated in Adelaide, value £10,635, and 124 cash prizes. Where not obtainable locally, tickets may be sent for to Mr. A. S. Gordon, Perth, W.A . At the ordinary meeting of the Bac. chus Marsh branch of Rechabites the bal ance sheet for the quarter ending Sept. 25th showed that the Tent funds had made a substantial increase, there being a balance of over £500 to credit. Two new members were initiated. Mr. G. A. Bence (late Bence & Paterson) reports holding his usual monthly sale at Bacchus Marsh on Saturday last, 7th inst. The yarding (which consisted wholly of stock from local owners) numbered 200 cattle; 150 pigs, 100 sheep, and several horses. A large attendance of buyers enabled a total clearance to be effected, at prices very satisfactory to vendors, bidding being brisk at the opening of the sale, and continued so to the last. Fat cattle sold well; light weight bullocks, £6/15/ to £7/7/6; cows, £5/5/ to £7/13/; the latter price being obtained for 4 from Mr. S. T. Staughton's Eynesbury estate, which were much admired for their breeding and quality, they were purchased by Messrs. Ramsey & Sons. _Milkers, from £4/17/6, £6, to £7/15/, a Jersey heifer of Mr. W.. Crozier's making the latter price ; spring ers, £5 to £6/10/; store cows, ?1/14/ to £3/11/; dairy heifers were in good de mand; 2-.yr-olds selling from £2/10/ to £3/14/, at which price 6 nice heifers were sold for Mr. J. Cane. Bulls, £2/2/6 to £4/I/. The market for pigs was good, though prices for fats were in some in. stances slightly easier; light baconers sold to £2/3/; porkers, £1/8/ to £1/17/6; stores, 16/. to. 10/6; breeding sows, .21101; suckers, 10/3 to 11/6. Shropshire lambs, 9/; crossbred wethers, 10/. Potatoes, 2/3 to 3/6 per bag. Fowls to 4/6 per pair. Sold on account of Messrs. C. Beaty, Brady Bros., Miss Brown, J. Bennett, J. Bence, T. Brittlebank, C. Cuiaumings, W. Crozier, J. Cane, J. Campbell; Mi. Carroll, J. Car roll, W. Connolly, D. Coghlan, J. Dunstan, W. Dugdale, W. Doubleday, L. Dugdale, R. H. Dugdale, Mrs. Dickson, T. Davis, J. Deveney, Fagg Bros., J. Fitzgerald, WV. Grant, V. Gregg, W. Gorman, J. Green, R. Gorman, J. Hagger, WV. Holt, R. Horn buckle, A. Hjorth, Mrs. Jones, J. Kerr, G. C. Kelly, Ri. Lindsay, W. Horton, P. Murphy, J. Minns, A. Minns, H. G. Minns, Mrs. MP'Kenzie, T. M'Cluskey, P. M'Grath, W. H. M'Farlane, jun., Nagle Bros., T. O'Neil, W. Payne, P. Pigott, A. R. Robertson, Jas. Ryan, T. Robertson, Robertson Bros., J. Strickland, J. Seerey, S. G. Staughston, S. T. Staughton, J. Shine, Mi. Shanahan, W. Telford, J. Thompson, J. Vallence, F. Williams, Mrs. Young. Has also sold privately a pon'y mare for H. Vallence, and a medium draught mare for G. H. Purcell, at satisfactory figures. W.A. Tattersall's (.. Charles) Perth, has now been promoting sweeps for 2 years on all the principal racing events of the colonies. Draws on the morning of the race. Refuses to divulge name of drawer, or to negotiate between drawer and owner. Result, increased popularity. Caulfield and Ballarat Cups-25,000 at 5/. Melbourne Cup, 50,000 at 5/. Filling rapidly. Apply early. Avoid disappoint ment.-Advt. 