A BHOST IM GBEENWICH COLLEGE. !< Great. difficulty liaa rccon-tly been experience ed in getting nurses to take night duty in tho.; . hospital, attached to Greenwich College, owing / to the nocturnal visitations of a- phantom nurse In the wards and corridors; About a dozen nurses In succession have tendered thcliv resignations, utter staying from two to six ueits, until ine sense of the place being haunted completely unstrung their nerves, rendering them unlit for the duty o£ tending tho sick. One of these nurses, who Is now living at home, gave the following account to "Lloyd's" representative of her experience:-— "It was about midnight, and 1 wus sitting' In thu centre of the room, expecting every mo ment- to have a cup of tea brought up to me- A n'urse, as it seemed lo me, entered the room n few steps, jund then went back again without speaking. I could not understand, what it meant, and ran along the passage after her. Thcro wus nobody to be seen, and I was' - so puzzled that I could Imrdiy' summon' courage to return to my post. No tea was brought to- me that night, and In the morn-t ing everyone denied having come Into thrf ward during tho night. Thou I lenrncd that: several nurses had left, the institution scared by the same apparition that I had seen. It was Impossible, forwno to take duly another night." The report speedily got abroad that the college was haunted, and local spiritu alists, of whom there are many In tho Royal suburb, turned their attention to tho solution, of tho mystery. It was then found that an old dwelling Immediately behind. the -college \VttH quite a rendezvous of ghosts— unac countable noises terrified the occupants' nightly, with sundry violent accompaniments such us ornaments falling from the shelves and a bookcase being dislodged from the wall TJio, spiritualists arranged to hold a seance, and hired a medium from Kensington. - Ait abtross, ..who was playing Trilby In a tourings company, also came for an object lesson in: hypnotism. There were, live -ladies and fqur, gentlemen, including ' a . clergyman," who." ' solomnlsctl tho proceedings-, . with prayer. Presently tho medium became entranced, and: the spirit which possessed him directed that all the company should descend to the base ment. The Hoqucl was veivy extraordinary. ISvcrybmly promptly, fell Into a trance, and! \iui Involuntary free light ensued, the ladles Kcratchlug each other's faces and tearing out each other's luilr. For several of the company .Unit. was their lust spiritualistic entertain ment. and lliu clergyman declines to apeak: of the affrny, AVIuit relation exists between, these obstreperous spirits and llio phantom' muHO is, oC course, not known: though very lately other mediums have been requisitioned' from I.hlghton ami other places by the mora pnrstulent and courageous of tho spiritualists.! "Lloyd's" representative was Informed by ono of them— not: the spirits, but tho spirits- alists — thai: tho mediums all concurred that 'tlicfu was money undcr Uio floor of the house. So far, however, the boards have not been taken up to put that otntenicmt to the teat. 