A DRAMA IN SUNSHINE., (Ma'cMillan and Co.) Mr. H. A. Vaehell will probably become hot ter known through this book than any which have preceded it; for Jie'grapplc3 here with a good theme, worked out by Uvo and sot in realistic circumstances. Clillllng- worth Dnmarls and: Fubian become very veal before the book is done with,, and of the Irish giant and the "purson " It is 'felt to be a mut ter for regret that the exigencies of the au thor should havo required him to make ghosts of them so early. The, scene, is Call- , fornln, and when vigilance business, unci, an e lectinent affair In a new Ireland -are' thrown In, it, is -evident that episode is not lacking. .The. culmination of things affords scope Cor a classic tragic close, but. the author discards the great opportunity, as Thomas Hardy would not have done, to make a pleasing and- commonplace ending. From George : Robertson and Co. we have the following:— "A Marriage In China," by Mrs. Archibald Little, is a long book of - u homely sdrt; yet not uninteresting. TheiMnni'- ringeable maiden, chapcroncc\ by the lad>vrnU'- slonary, sees a good .deal of China- as she Is, flnd'in the end of things, or rather in the be ginning, though accomplishment Is deferred, the man' who Is her destiny. It Is essentially a readable' .book; and being of many pages and many lines, good value to. those, who de sire bolh instruction and entertuinment, and cannot change their books three times a week. "The North Shore Mystery," by Henry Flet cher, has alreAdy appeared In Sydney as a se rial story. .It Is a readable book of love, crime, and adventure, and' will have the additional advantage, to Sydney folks of being set on scenes with which they are familiar. ' In "The- White Lady of Khamlnavatka," Col. Savage tells a story of the Ukwim and of St. Petersburg, mid of ull the glittering and Seductive life which goes on In the lull light of tho splendours of Russia, with a tefiing, if repulsive/foil in intrigues, miseries, and bru talities of;the shadows. Every chapter of tho bcok is like a full stage, and tableaux, crises, situations,- punctuate 'always galloping nar rative in -startling-fashion. Col. -Savage may have done lietter work than this, but certainly nothing more4 generally attractive. » 'We have also received from Messrs. Ward, Locke, and Co. "The Unseen Hand," L. L". Lynch, "Malcolm ' Kirk, and tho Crucifixion of Philip Strong," by R. Sheldon, arid "Wea pons- pf'Myritery," Joseph Hocking, of which notices have already appeared; and, from Messrs. MacmiUan a new edition of "For the Tei'rn of His Natural#Life." 