NATURALIST. AN AD VENHTRE WITH ELEPHANTS Elephant oatchintr has long been prac tised in the North-Eastern distriots. The' most euooeesful man was Mr Sanderson, bnt a good Seal of that wag due to the system introduced by his predecessor, Mr Nnttall, and to his having acted on the advioe of the late Captain Williamson, to commence operations in tbe Garrow country, the old gronnds having been over- hunted, and also to his own great energy, and not interfering too much with his trained mahouts. I acoompanied Mr Nuttall in one of his last hnntB — hie health was then broken down from repeated attacks of fever, which led, -a year or so afterwards, to his -death. But he was most anxious to do his duty, and, know ing that I took great interest in everyt^ng .connected with sport, ho asked me to aooom pany him. I wanted him then to try the foot of the Garrow hills, but his arrange ments had already been made, and we went into one of his old beats in tbe Chittegong district. ' To citoh elephants months of preparation are required. I could not get away as soon as I expeoted, and it was only.a few days before the final drive took place that I joined him.- We were not very successful, in the first keldah only ' twenty- seven and in the second only nineteen elephants were caught, which scarcely paid for the expenses in curred ; bac no blame oould be'attaohed to the superintendent, for both ho and his head sergeant had been, and were erilt, off and on ill from malarial fever. The ohief jemadar had died, the eeoond had been killed, whilst the . third, who would have succeeded, hid left the department and taken servioe with me some timn before; so as the heads of the depart ment were not properly represented, the operations suffered. Elephant catohtng in keddahs haB often been described, and, but for a ourions oiroumetanoe whioh happened, I should not be now writing this artiole. The herd we had surrounded was a very large one, and after two days' constant trouble and watching by day and night, the greater part of the animals had been driven into the re-entering angle of the fceddah, when there/was a great disturbance ahead, and tbe leading files halted and showed signs of breaking baok. We louid it was. caused by a tiger, who had got into' the stockade and was endeavouring- to get back, into the j angle. Mr Nuttall was aroused from his siokbed, nd , looking very feeble, took oammand, and every available man and baast was pushed to the front to induce the recalcitrant beasts : to continue th4r flight within the enclosure. They were driven forward onoe or twioe, but rushed back in a panic on hearing the gutteral roar of the tiger, who was jtwt in side the paUng in a dump ol long grass. I went some distance ahead and climbed up a tree that overlooked the interior, with the yiew of slaying Mr Stripes, bat I nould not get b glimpse of him. But he mast have left his post to try if he could find another exit, and during this interval the roaring ceased, and we managed to get twenty-seven adult elephants, five tuekers, two muohnas, fifteen well-grown females, and five three pat 1 8 grown youngsters, besides about four calves, well inside. The brute jast then roared again, and the herd inside right about faced, and the people, fearing that it might escape, barred the entranoe rather prema turely, for some dozen more elephants were then close by, and might have entered. The men on the lookout endeavoured to with draw the bars, but just then a oucoession of roars oaueod a fearful panic, and all those not already entrapped forced their way back and escaped. Nuttall had to retire almost in an unconscious state, and, as I was a stranger, I had no control over the keddah men, and neither my elephants nor jemadar were with me. Onoe a herd is entrapped, everything ehonld be kept as quiet aa possible. Fires are lit outside, and men armed with spears end blazing torches stationed outside ; while the animals must not be irritated. But that confounded tiger would not be quiet, neither could he escape, so he kept them on the qui vive the whole night. If the captives are let* in nQona(m- a t ear Yir.nm fVlAv oaffla Ar\mv% and get reconciled to their fato. As soon as it was daybreak I auked Nuttall if I should eo inside on a staunch elephant and en deavour to shoot the feline, bat he thought it was better not to do so ; and now that it was daylight, he thought the tiger would find a loophole and escape. I was jast retiring to my tent to bathe when there was a greater row thas ever, ind the jemadar begged me to come with him, and he wonld show me a tree whence I oould pot the tiger — beoanse, if he was allowed to disturb the herd much longer, he was sure they would rash at the barred entrance in a body and escape. I went at once and took up my position. I oould see a great commotion going on, but could not seen any portion of the tiger. The roaring of the beast and the trumpeting of the elephants were incessant the herd were gathered in a cluster, with their tails almost touching the stookade, en deavouring to get away as far as possible from a clump of grass. I was thinking of firing into the grass, when t saw a large tasker raeh forward, and with a vigorens kick with his forefoot, he sent a brindled mass flying, and, folio .ring up his opponent quickly, he threw him well into the air. As he fell the tusker got him between his legs and commenced to play football, kioking the struggling brute forward with his bind legs and baok with his fore, and I knew all would soon be over. The tiger's roars degenerated into half roars, half growls, whioh wore all but overpowered by the BoreamB of the elophants, who in obonts created a din whioh oould be heard many miles oft, and whioh were taken op and re-echoed by our tame elephants. This brought poor Nuttall off his sick bed ; bat the tragedy was all bat finished. The tiger, with a dying effort, got hold of the elephant's foreleg jast above the foot ; the pachyderm gave one prolonged scream, then, shaking off tbe inoubus, spun clear, and with lightning ppeed knelt on his opponent, who soon gave up the ghost. Ths eDraged monster lifted him up and threw him towards the herd, who rushed forward, and in a few minntes kicked and trampled the tiger into the dirt, leaving no semblance of his ever having been the King of beasts. Even after it was evident that there was no life left in their fte, first one elephant and then another would run forward, and after administering a kick, quickly retire, giving utterance to his valedictory address. We doubled guards over the stookade for two days, and as the imprisoned beasts had had no water and bat suoh fodder as we threw into them, they were greatly subdued, and we had no difficulty in tethering them one by one and leading them to a place where there was plenty of water and fodder. As we could not remove the skin of the tiger for nearly three days, it eventually spoilt ; bat when we got the body of the tiger ont, it was wonderful to see what little damage had been done to the strin, though of course the body waa moBt offensive. After being washed and pegged out, no one would have guessed what a violent death the beast had met, bat tha hair peeled off, and as a trophy the skin was useless. Our second venture was even less success ful, and qnite uneventful. Poor Nuttall soon afterwards died, exhausted by thirty years' residence 'n this malarial vai peBti lential portion of oar possessions — bat after doing his duty like a man.— F. T. Folloe. 