' scoundrels and 00. BY COULSON KEKNAHAN. CHAPTER I.— (Continued.) ' "We ;don|t know ench other again," wns the calm reply. "No man here except myself, so far as l am awaro, knows tho name of any of his fellow-councillors. Why should they? There's ho ohancQ of mv turning informer. If I turned Queen's ovldenco a thousand times over, it wouldn't save my neck. What there is ngainst mo is too bad, and there's too much of it for that ever1 to bo thought of. Ilonce we are known I to each other, only by a number. You are num ber Seven, and I am Number One, as I ought to bo, for I originated the wholo concern. Every man hero has been selected and invited lo join I us on my responsibility alone. I do tho thing carefully, you must admit. In your own case, I for Instunce, I knew what your suspicions wore about tho council, and 1 had satisfied myself that, it would bo safe to make overtures to you, or olso you would not have received the Invitation In response to which you arc horo to-night. And "act you dou't know who I am, or whether you aim I havo over met until to-night. Is that so?" "It is." Tho admission was mado grudgingly and reluc tantly. But, blended with something very llko fear, there was, in the way In which tho words were spoken, the submission of one who rocog- nisos his master. "As for your inquiry, 'What it's for?' " went on tho councillor who had called himself "Num ber One," "I should hardly havo thought a man of your acumen would havo needed to put tho question. Tho facts about a concern of this sort can't bo kept too close. Why should you put your heads Into a noose of which others hold the string? Don't you seo It's safer for cacli indi vidual councillor. If his Identity is kept a secret? This man whom you are replacing on tho council, if lio'd known who his fellow-councillors wore, It Is vory possible- that he'd havo givon all our names to the police, and that each of us would ltavo had two or thrco detectives on his track who would have arrested us separately. As It Is, all ho can tell them is, that thc Whole of us moot hero to-morrow night; hut who wo nro und 'whore we hang out ho can't say; so that it is only now und then, and for a few hours, tbut we run any danger. And I need hardly toll you that wo didn't como ltere to-night until I had Fatlalicd myself that no trap was being laid to take us, and that thoro was nothing stirring among tho police beyond what I have already spoken of. Can't you see, too, what advantage this system of our all being disguised alike pre sents? You will have to put your heard and wig In your bag when you go to see Number .Seven, because you go to lilm personating Marden. But you will resume tho dlsgulso when tlio business Is done. Suppose you are seen coming ashore after accomplishing the Job, and a description of you gets Into the hands of tho police. They will at once Inquire at tho two railway stations, if a man answering to your description bus been seen, utid tlloy will 1)0 told 'Yes,' for tlio six of us will bo leaving Southend— as far as possible by differ ent routes or by ilifforont trains— and the police will ho pelting ull over thc country after us, leav ing tlio course almost clear for you. Don't you seo how it scatters tlio scent? And oven if they lay hands on one of its— which they won't, for our plans uro all prepared beforehand— we havo so arranged things that it would he easy enough for the ono in question to clear himself. That was how wo managed tho Duchess of Doncastor's business. Tho man was seen — It was ono of us here; I nootln'L say which— and hut for our trailing a red herring ncross tho track, lie might ltavo been nabbed. Hut wo switched tho bobbies off upon another scent, and a pretty fools' danco they were led, while tho real man got away with tho swag. Tlio police are ut a big disadvantage in lighting us. Whou wo bring off any little job, thoy start knowing nothing about It, and what thoy get to know thoy havo to find out, which takos ttmo; whereas wo start knowing all about It, und with all our arrangements mado before- hand. In fact, seven determined men with brains, all working togotlier as we do, can Bnap their Angers at Scotland Yard ; and it seems to mo that thorc is a big future for this syndicate as a business concern. What say you, Councillor Number Seven? Are you still as strong us ever on joining us?" "Yes." "Very well. Let's get to business. We'll, go ashore, now, gentlemen, and arrange for tho now councillor, Number Sovon here, to make his littlo cull upon Councillor Number Sovon that was." Ho rose from his chair as ho spoke, and led tho way to the deck, tlio rocruit following closo behind him with tho hag. In a very few minutes tho dip of their oars had 3 led away, and, cramped and chilled by my long vigil, I crept out from my hldlng-placo Into the now empty cabin, won dering. how best I could go to work to frustrate tho villainy of this precious Syndicate of Scouu- drols." CHAPTER II. I' was not long In making up my mind. Had 'I known anything of yachting, I should linvo got up the anchor, run out tho sails, and sailed Into, shore; but no First Lord of tho Admiralty, knows less about a- boat than I did at the time. Row ashore I could not, as. tho rascals who had just left had taken tho dingy, and I did not llko to call out for help, lest I should bring the samo e-ow of scoundrels back to the yacht. Unless I mado an effort to swim to tho pier-head, I should have to remain on board all night, and in tho meanttrao murder was bolng done. Without moro ado I slipped off my clothes and dived Into the water, striking out with all my, strength. But It was not to be. The tide was now sotting seaward at a great pace. Struggle 03 I would. I soon realised that it was impossible to reach the plcr-head; so I ceased swimming, and, turning on my back, let tho current drift mo, feet foremost, In tlio direction of tho yacht again, paddling meanwhile with my bands, that I might keep my body on an even, keel. As no nearod tho yacht I raised iny head a little and squinted across my chest to my loos, to make suro that I should not bo carried past her. In doing so I caught a glimpse of another small ves sel that lay somo quarter of a mllo farther out to sea, and in tho direct lino of the current. It was,, no doubt, Die very craft on which tho crlmo was to bo committed. With tho tido ia my favor it would not bo diQlcult to reach her, so I turned, on my. chest again, and, passing under the yacht's prow, I struck out boldly for tlio farther craft. By tlio time I reached lior, however, I was fairly patmped out, nnd when somo one Jumped up suddonly and called out, "Is that you, inspec tor?" I thought it bettor to say "Yes," and to get on board as soon as possible, than to expend what littlo breath still remained In my body by entering Into what under any circumstances would be a difficult explanation. "Well, I've always heard that you woro a tricky one, Marden," sold iny now friend. "But I'll bo hanged If this- doesn't beat cock-fighting. Fancy your swimming all tho way out so that no ono should know whore you were going to. I guoss you're blown a bit, aren't you? We'll go below and havo a drink, If you'll wait horo a mtnuto whllo I light tho lamp." My swim from ono yacht to the other lutd been undertaken in such a hurry that I had not had time to speculate upon the probable appcar- anco of tho porson whom I had corao' there to warn; otherwise I should not havo been so un prepared to find, when I joined him in tho cabin, that ho resembled in every way tho seven mys- torious beings whoso extraordinary and uncanny, likeness one to tlio other had so startled mo an hour ago. Had I given tho matter a moments thought, I might have known that Uierc wus nQUi- inu strango In tile fact that he was still wearing his disguise. But the events of the night had made mo suspicions, and as I stod lliero staring him I could not help asking myself, u I am too late? What if this Is not tho man ; who was marked out for murder, hut tho ntur- : deror himself? Why did he t.ld me w'al whho ho went down to llghl the lamp attd why was I he so long about It? Can it bo that I sun .rlsed him at his dovilish work and tl at whl o A walling BhiverinK on deolt ko was piittlnt. tilt Y \ out of Sight and clearing away tho ovldenco of his crlmo?" , „ While all this was passing my companion had been staring hack .it inn way that showed that he, too, wits .111 at l. - . "What's tho matter, inspector?" ho sa , look ing about him nervously. "Anyone would think you had see,, a ghost. The cold sw m has alfotWl you a bit, hasu't It? Help yourself to a 1''b!l1y' That'll put life into you sooner than u Ho pushed a spirlt-dccanter and Jl0'"b0,j|lep towards mo with one hand ' ' i were to a rack on my right, where somo glasses wcto ueatly arranged. . I poured out a liberal allowance, and tossed oil Ul"Why shouldn't6 this child havo a drink loo/' my companion said, with a feeble preteneo at ocu. larlty, stretching a hand across my tumbler to got aVheroCwlnothlng in tho action to arouse sus picion under ordinary circumstances; but as i Thought of the india-rubber ball, small enough be concealed In tlio palm of tho hand nnd of U deadly poison it contained, a sudden panie s<.uou me, and, scarcely knowing what I did i s natchta up my half-emptied tumbler und dashed Its con tenia on tho floor. The man sat staring at mc w th a look In his eyes that to my dying day I s all not forget. His mouth dropped open all uwy, CT so that of a paralysed man. Ills faee went g y. lips white, then, screaming out. )u re « ln speotor Marden at all! I knew it rrom lhe iirst. You are ono of those infamous Seven-ono or those devils from hell-come hero to Preumt mo handing you over to justice! he sprang fot . , mouthing anil gibbering at me like a ,l,0"ku/: t with outstretched, twitching lingers pointed at I my throat. . I was on my feel In an Instant, more anxious to explain Uto mistake into which he had not ut ina turally, fallen than to defend myself. But nci her course wus necessary, for tlio next Instant h s am dropped to his side, and with n great CW1 forward motionless upon tho table. AgH.ui had brought on syncopo of tho heart., the man whose life I had como there to snvo was ueau. (To be Continued.) 