ANGLICAN CHURCH. ITS EARLY HISTORY. SECOND ADDRESS. " la lbs name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen. My Brethren ,t-You must not (or a moment imagine that the brief glance we gave last Sunday at the history ot the church prior to the time of the coming of Augustine exhausted all the facta that could be brought forward to prove the antiquity of our churoh. By no means; I could easily muliply them tenfold. But ip suob short addresses as these you will realise that nothing further can be done than produce au outline of the various times of which we apeak. Research is continually adding to bur store of knowledge, and each addition confirms our position. I am not speaking against others. I am only maintaining oar own position, as being true Oatholics with an unbroken connection with the true Holy Church in apostolic days. We saw last 8unday that the church was fully established in England some oentuiies before Augustine's landing.in Kent. And this is proved by the fact of many oouncils of the Church, held in different places in Europe, being attended by our bishops. We are not interested in the liturgy of the church at present, nor in many other matters whioh, though important and well worthy of note, do sot affect the question of existence. One thing we do know: that eur church was, in those far off times, free. Free as now she is, and, as the Great Charter of our liberties declared, was her right to be. (See Magna Charts.) Not yet brought into bondage to any man or system, she did her woik, and right thankful may we be. To-night we shall look particularly at the period between A.D. 597 and A-D. 604., May I venture to repeat that whichr I'believe is the general opinion of erfr people with regard to this -period of history. Well, th6n, first of all, the Britains Wire a very savage raoe of people. They painted their bodies a dark blue color, maJe from a herb railed " woad that they fought with bows and arrows, spears and clubs, were without houses or clothes, knew nothing of the arts and oomforts of life, and that in religion they were heathens and followed a curious faith called Druidism, and so on, which it is needless to repoat. Now, all this is wrong, and not the history of Augustine's times in any way. The Romans may have found the early Britain in that state, but all had passed away. The enlightened conquerors oame in time to be loved by the Briton, and after a stay in our home land of about 450 years, finally left. They had made roads and bridges; they taught the people the arts of husbandryjand architecture; villages, towns, and oiiies were built, harbors and ships were made, and the face of the oountry greatly changed and improved. And, thonghto us at this time things and method* would appea r to be crude and simple, still a wondeiful advance had been made. In one thing, however, the Britains had not gone forward; they were really, as a people, less able to protect their conn'ry then than 500 years previously. The Romans had been such good and able masters that the people bad lost, to a great extent, the virtu® selfreliance. No kind ot fitted government remained, an-< united people under oi e kice, so that after the Roman occupation came to an end,-the "last state" of the people, in this respect, was worse than the first, but in many others they were much better. It was after the departure of thl Bomaas that the Britons met with many reverses and disasters, occasioned by the invasion of the land from the North and then by the Saxons, who, in A.D. 449, finally drove the original inhabitants of East Anglia and Kent away to 'the western parts of England—to Cornwall and Wales—many going north to Scotland, and some to Ireland. It was in this' way that the Christians preset ved their faith, at the same time leaving East Anglia to the mercy of the pagan 8axon invaders, whosoOn destroyed " all the houses ot God in the land."'' (Ps. lxxir.-O) In a few years the churches were gone and the towns, in manyiuetancee, swept away. The cathedrals (very rude indeed, very small, and mean to those ofto-4ay, still the chief church in the diocese) were all burnt and perched, and truly may it have been eaid of that part of our mother land : " O God, how long shall the adversary do this dishonor; how long ehsll the enemy blaspheme Thy Name V' (Ps lxxiv-11.) It would ocoupy more time than theie is at aby disposal to attempt to describe the state of< the oountry after the Saxon invasion and conquest, euffioe it to say that the best historians state that the faith was entirely destroyed in the parts of the country subject to the Saxons. Some writers state that never was there such an utter obliteration of the past as that which was brought about by these ruthless invaders. Romans and Britons shared alike in the overthrow, and nothing was preserved from their destining hands. You will in this way understand how it came to pass that the Christian Britons were driven to the west, but not followed by their oppressors, leaving all the evidence of their church Iifebehind> which aoon met with euih an overthrow that in a few yean Christianity became only a memory. No Christian structure of any kind was suffered to remain. You will observe I have been very careful in fully relating the events of this period of our history, yet have qnotedino authority, simply because any history of aey pretension whatever wil, corroborate misstatements. We are al familiar with the. story of Gregory the Great seeing t|» Anglo-Saxon children in file market ple» at Rome, and thru and than, being athiak with their appeariuice and intelligence, determined to go to Angleland, or England, and preach the gospel there himself. As he'was on his way to carry out bis mission the Bishop'of Rome died, and, in spite of every eff art on his part, the people sent for Gregpry and desired him to be made bishop. He pleaded in vain with Emperor and people, and was consecrated their bishop. Still the desire to convert the Angles was not fttt Mid?. tfpdipf, tbttJ, tb»t tfeo gut Angles were pagans and heathens combined, we can easily understand how it oame to pass that the good Bishop of Rome, Gregory, sent Augustine the monk to this lapd to preach to them the gospel. This is one of the most important and interesting parts of our church history. We, one and all, know that Augustine landed at Ebbsfleet, in Kent, in 697 A.D., some affirm on the 14th of April. He was recommended by Gregory to Ethelbert the King, whose wife Bertha, a Christian prinoess, was daughter of Cbaribert, King of P*rie. Ethelbert allowed his wife to follow ber own religion, and she had a chaplain named Liuthard, Bishop of Senlis, and her places of worship, according to Bode, was the old Romano-British churoh of St. Martin's, at Canterbury, which was preserved for the Queen's use, so that Augustine did not go to absolute heathens, as di I Pattison, of Melanesia, and Elliott to the Indians in the west of America. He came to the court of a non- Christian king, iudeed, but under the protection of a good Christian queen. (Ve cannot predict what would have been the fate of this mission had not the Queen been i^c'ined to favor Augustine, for, by all accounts in history, he was very overbearing, au'ocratio, and lacking in tact, and liad he met only a despot such as Ethelbert it would have gone ill with him and his forty companions. Truly did the Queen fulfil the Soriptures, Queens shall be thy nursing mothers" (Is. lxix-23); until at last, when Ethelbert acceptod Christianity, the other part of the verse was realised—" Kings shall be thy nursing fathers." I am not so much interested tonight in telling you of the result of Augustine's labors, which we shtll see {further on, as to relate to you faots conneoted with his coming and the directions he received from Gregory the •Bishop as to the manner in which he was t-j oonduct hi* missiou, and, from Gregory's own words and those of Augustine, prove the antiquity of our own national churoh. While giviug all that is due to Augustine, we must ever remember that there is not the shadow ot a doubt but that in time the whole land would have been won baok to the faith by tht> Ca holic Church still in existencp. Augustine's mission alone, without amalgamation with the British Church, would have resulted in very little, and probably iu time would have died out entirely. Canon Perry, in his English Church history (p. 51), says: "With the exoeption of the South Saxons, the church was planted in all tho English kingdoms, and in the majority of cases not by th9 action of Roman xlergy, but by missionaries deriving their commission from Sootoh or Irish, that is from ancient British source;. The Soots and Irish owed their conversion to British missionaries, and then repaid their obligations by converting the heathen conquerors of that land." Thore is such a vast mass of hia'ory of various sorts circulating round this period of our national life that it- is most ditfioult to make a wise selection. Of storiea and legends there are abundance which we do not need to reoognise. Some there are who imagine the missionary St. Augustine to have been a most angelio man; who assert his work to have been really apostolic and »" bis followers and companions saints. We need to discriminate. Gregory tlie Bishop, in sending him,-wrote fatherly letters to him full of wise counsel and admonition. It is diffioult to account for the great ignorance amongst the better educated people in those days. After an organic life of at least 400 yeais, the Bishop of Rome appears to have been ignorant of the exietenoe of the British Church But when Augustine came he fuund «tbe Christian faith flourishing in the west, and heid several conferences wi h the chiefs of the British Church, at one time meeting seven of the bishjps. Around these conferences many stories gather, some are reliable and may be taken as true, others are evidently inventions to serve a purpose. One thing is quite certain, Augustine met them as belonging to the ancient church of the land, yet finding fault with >hem especially on three points. Not their oatholicity, not their liturgy, not their orders, nor indeed any vital point, but evidently desiring to bring the church under the dominion of Rome and chiefly of himself. He found fault with them for the time at which they observed Easter, the manner of baptising, and the way the priests cut their hair. He could find no fault at all, save on these points, and their loveof liberty. Gregory, the good bishop, had already written to Augustine a letter against" pride, arrogance, and self-exhaltation." (Eng. Ch. His, Perry, p 28) These, as he well knew, were the besetting sins of the missionary. But he did not obey his bishop, and gave great offence to the bishops of the British Church* Knowing what manner of a man he was, one is surprised that Gregory didnot aeleet a man more after his own gentle, loving, liberel heait. At a second meeting between the bishops of the church and Augustine he asked their assistance in converting their old enemies the Saxons, or, as they were then called, the Angles or English. They refused to alter their customs, having, as they affirmed, received them ages before. They had come to them not from a Roman, or Galilean, but from an Eastern source and direot from the Apostles themselves. They also refused to submit to Augustine. Considering that Britain already had archbishops, Whops, and a fully reoognised church, Gregory the Great acted quite contrary to authority when he sent the mission from Rome to England. His action was condemned by two of the General Councils, Nicoea and Kphesus. These councils affirm that no bishop of the church has any right or authority in another diocese besides his own. The Church of Britain had been an independent ohnrch for about 400 or 460 yean, and was still, though diminished in power, a live church—one, holy, oatholio, and apostolic—and there was no right on the side of Augustine when he claimed, as he did, entire submission. The bishops, in reply to this demand, stated that they knew not any obedience to one he called the Pope, but that they were under tho jurisdiction of the bishop of Caerleon-on-Usk, their Metropolitan. All this ii suoh familiar history that I will not troubls you with authorities. And tbeystsfwt#th»t ww»t bt denied. Bed* and others rela'e these events and many more to confirm the contSfitiofi that the Churoh of England is by centuries older than the Romau Mission to England. St. Augustine tried again to reduce toeubmiseion thi church of the lsndv Had he applied himself more earnestly , within the confines of Kent and East Anglia, his work would h <ve been more permanent and strong. The Bishop of Rome had written to him,'in answer to bis enquiries regarding the differences he found between the services of'*Gal|ioan and British churches and that of Rome, directing him not to bind himself to one book; or liturgy only, but to alopt that whioh -wias most suitable from all, and so make a M use" or service book for the people amongst whom he was seut to labor. What the . liturgy of the Church was we shall see when we come to consider that subject. Let us now glance at the work carried out by St. Augustine. Not being a bishop when he came to Kent and seeing the advantage of being in a position of as Overseer, Gregory the Bishop sent Augurtine to Gaul to receive the highest order iu the church from the hands of Galilean bishops, not Roman ; and .we have no evidence to show that the Gallioan lhu<ch was at that time anything but as independent of Rome as was our own ancient church. St- Augustine was consecrated to the office of a bishop by Vergilius, Archbishop of Aries, with tbe title of Archbishop of Canterbury and the jurisdiction of Metropolitan pf England. St. Augustino returned to Eugland as Archbishop of Canterbury, ntow the chief, but not by any means tha oldest, of the Sees of the Angle-British Church. Unless we ignore altogether the mo*t ancient church in our home land, we must recognise, in all its features, the church before St Auimsline's time. So doiug, we find whit the origiual bishoprics were. (My aulhoiitiea for thes« most interesting facts are Uede, Gildas. Soame, aud others). The first British bishop of whom we have any record was Fagan, or Ffagan, in A D. 178, but that may be .egend only. I do not quote it. Llanduff, in point of age, ought to be the Primatial See, being tbe first with any certain record that was made an Archiepisoopal See by King Lucius in A.D. 180 Collier, in his history of those times, states that York, then called Eboraoum, was, by Constantine, formed into au Archiepisoopal See'' in 303 A.D, or three years after the martyrdom of St, Alban. There were also, as we know, the >eeg of London, Caerleon, Lincoln, Armagh in 460 A D , St David's, St. Asaph, and others of lesser note, and all prior to the founding of the Canterbury See. (If you turn to the calendar in front of your prayer books you will fiud both St. David and St. Augustine are recognised as worthy of commemoration, St David, Archbishop, on 1st March of the British Church, and St. Augustine, Archbishop, on 26th May of tbe Anglo-Saxon or English Churoh. Our present church is the outcome of the union of these two primitive churches and is thoroughly Cath-jlic.) On St. Aupuatine'e return as archbishop and metropolitan of England, or Angleland, bis labors were undertaken even more zealously than before. He went about on his great mission preaching and establishing the church in various places, but never so far from the centre of his work as when attending the conferences with the British bishop*. Two conferences with the BritUh bishops are re. corded, the first in A.D 601, which was hsld near the banks of the Severn, in Gloucestershire, at which it was proved thit the doctrine of the two churches were agreeable but the discipline differed. This conference was fruitless. The seoond was held, at which Augustine's manner, want of tact and consideration greatly offended the right rev. fathers of tne church. Submission aud nothing but submission would satisfy Augustine. This was not congenial to the British temper then any more tli»n if is now, in things political or ecclesiastical. He consecrated three of his baud to succeed him. It has been forcibly argued that this act of consecration was invalid, the law of the Church, established in her oouncils, being that no bishop could, alone, consecrate anyone to be a bi-h» p. Three conseorating bishops at the least wfte necessary and the consent of the Metropolitan. Now at that time in England there were seven bishops in full communion with the Catholic Church under a Metropolitan all Catholio bishops—yet Augustine ignored their very exuteuoe. Again, tin Gatlican Biohops Jwould gladly have assisted in so gieat a work, but were nut ashed Still, this act, so serious a breach cf church order. Seems to have been upheld on tbe plea of necessity, and so we find Justus was made Bishop of Rochester, Meilitus Bishop blthe Ancient British See of London, and Laurentius appointed to succeed him at Canterbury. St. Augustine, missionary to the Etst Angles, died on May 26, 604, and in the same year Gregory, the good Bishop of Rome, also 1 passed away to his reward. Bede gives us the full inscription on the tomb whioh, when the Churoh of St. Peter and Paul was finished in A D. 613, was placed in thi north porch, and the inscription runs thus.: Here rests the body of the Lord Augustine, ; first Archbishop of Canterbury, who, being'formerly sent hither by tbe blotsed Gregory, Bithop of the City of Borne, and by God's assistance supported by miraolcs, reduoed King Ethelbert and Ids nation from the worship of idols to th* faith of. Christ, and having ended ihs days of his office in peace, died 7 h day of the kalends of June, in the reign of tde same king." As this inscription gives Co year, the former date mentioned is considered the more correct. (See prayer book calendar.) You will now sec, my brethren, how it came to pass that the English, in contradistinction to the British Church, came into existence. I hope I have made it clear that the two were oo-existent in the same oountry, both apostolic and Catholic, but lacking the bond of " unity, peace, and conoord." I trust next Sunday to continue the subject, and'^prove that King Heury VIII. bad nothing Tfhatever to do with the founding and starting of our Oatholio Church of Britain and England combined, forming, as that comingling did > the one Angiioan Churoh. May the Divine* Spirit of tb« ever Holy Dead of theT Churoh rest upon you and abide witfc you slwajr, Aw®u< 