THE T£STIMONY OF ESTHER SANDYS'. BY ROMA WHITE. flniVTKR X. The landlady came harrying from the kit chen, and her husband had to tell her that the fishermen had gone out even before he repeated Humphrey's orders. She lifted her bands, at the news, with a gesture of deB pair. ' Poor touli— poor poult J They'll nerer live in yon Bea.' \- They are fine men,' said Hamphrej. ' Aye. tine . indeedi' echoed the landlady with some emotion. She look Humphrey and Esther to a clean but somewhat dreary parlour upstairs, with a bedroom adjoining it.' There she lit two candles, which guttered dismally in the draught; and then engaged in an explosive encounter with a spluttering tire. Th* wind drove the smoke in frequent ?pouts down the - chimney, whence it ooeed slowly, a blue ghost-like presence, into the room. Esther, - however, cat down beside the hearth, and ; flung her wraps on the table. She had an ap prehensive shuddering feeling, as if some great disaster were about to ?verwhelm the world. The landlady went downstairs again, and Humphrey looked discontentedly about the. room. It waB bare aad comfortless, with faded curtains and white-washed wbIIb. The j smoky lire made his eyes smart, and yielded I a melancholy pale Bicker to the hearth. The open bedroom door increased the universal draughtineBB, and he Bhat and bolted it be fore joining Esther by the diBmal tire. Both ' doors, however, Btill ehoofc and clanked ' against tbeir framework, and thu wide chim ney appeared to have net up in its depths a private and particular little whirlwind of itB own. ' It's a dreary place, Eisther,' he said. . ' I don't, mind.' she answered languidly, ' we are further from the sea.' ( 'I wonder how those brave fellows *tre getting ob, 'he resumed, with an involuntary sigh. ' Aye, sir, you were quite right,' broke in the voice of the landlady, as she reappeared with an apron full of drier ohips,'those brave lads are but an' away on th' horse- bank. \- There's two o' th' wives i' th' kitchen now , cryin' as if their hearts were like to break. An' others on 'em are watchin' th' sea on th' front, i' teeth o' th' wind.' j ' Are many people out there now ? It was quite deserted as we came along.' f 'Aye, there'll be a crowd by new, I reckon. Th' news that th' men ha' gone out '11 travel fast' ' Will they save them (' asked Esther j tremulously;: : | The landlady turned to look with a touch ?f compassion at the young wife's pale face, j 'I sanna eay, my little leddy,' she an swered sadly, as she went away. - ! A ubody at the inn seemed to think of going to bed on that awful night Footsteps passed I to and fro continually, and the kindly- Ian3-.J lady made periodical visits tofcer'Eueste, to ; tell them the news. Humphrey' badtlrawn back their curtajo, and went now and then J to the window to look out. . His inBtinots I would liave led him to the beach.but he knew \ hiB presence was comforting, and almost in- ' dispensable, to Esther. , For an boor or two there came no tidings i from the front. The landlady wiped the tears from ' her eyeB now, as she passed up j and down. Her husband had gone out to , join the crowd of agonised watchers, and«he j Feared, from hiB long absence, that the poor little boatload of noble men had been relent lessly swamped by that roaring wind-lashed Bea. It most have been nearly twelve o'cloik when a Bound of footsteps, so numerous and clattering that they echoed above the occa sional lulls in the wind, came hurrying down the street. A noise of shouting accompanied the tramplings, and an immediate hubbub was audible downstairs. Humphrey hurried to the window to look out, and, as he did-ao, the front door below was opened, admitting so strong a draught, that .their own door Bhiveiefi and 'strained redoub'ly in its recesB. The trumplings and the voices entered the house, the outer door was banged to again, and a sound of eager talking, of hysterical crying came up to the little parlour. Humphrey opened their own door, and went quickly to the head of the stairs. His wife followed him, and leant, shivering with 1 excitement, against the banisters. She could see down into the entrance, which still retained the sense of the admitted gust, in the bobbing of the lamp-flame, and the cold breath that seemed to hang over the stair case. The narrow hall below them waa ful1 of people; men-servants' and maid-servants, who shook ? hands hysterically with two fiBhermen in their midst. A smell of wet salt arose from the drenched garments of these men, and Esther saw their 'dripping backs and glistening oil-skin caps as they were pressed and hurried into the warm kitchen. Only three people then were left in the hall; the landlord, a man who looked like a doctor, and one of the older maids. These three busied themselves silently about a figure lying flat upon a long bensh. Then the landlady hurried froin the kitchen with a blanket, asking some eager questions which Esther did not catch. The Iioubb maid withdrew, and it appeared that the other three were abonl to remove from the orostrate figure itB drenched garments. For a few seconds Esther saw the motionless form clearly ; the still faos.the tn'roat thrown ' a little back, the dark clinging hair, iind the rivulets of water that dribbled and streamed ' from the clothing and made dark puddles and meandering trickleB upon the ground. She saw. it clearly, and made no attempt to move away from its presence. She bent her self over the .railings instead, and stared at it dumbly. A strange horror grew in her eyes,' .and was stamped and petrified upon every line of lier white young face. Her, fingers gripped the rail until tbeskin whitened and the veins- darkened with the pressure. She fancied that she had .cried out, but, in reality, her stillness; .was so' complete that Humphrey felt b sudden fear and turned to her. ' Go back, Esther, ' he said immediately^ 'you ought not to have come out.' She lifted herself then; -and looked at him,' still with the dumb tenor in her gaxe, He' pulled her quickly, almost roughly, into their ' ' o'^rn room, and Shut the door behind them, I .'You shouldn't look at such things, ' Esther,' he Bald,' half-anxioUB, half-vexed, 'they only make y6\r ill. Bit down,' and I will fetch you some water.' He went into trie bedroom for the water,. and she sot staring, still with that terrified ' ,' look; Into the lire. The lineaments of the ' '. proBtrato figure were stamped into her vision; ' . j»h»jBaw them ' wherever' ihe looked about the ' 'liitli) loom. Humphrey brought her the1 : , prater, and she drank it mechanically. Then ' at last she spoke to him. ( . ',??.? Humphrey,' she said, 'go and see if he ' . isiead.' , ; i I 'Of course he is not dead.' Humphrey j knswerel immediately. ' He was cgming round quickly. But you , should not have ???; looked, silly chilo/' ' Not dead, not dead t' ecltoed Esther drearily. ' Esther, what is the matter ?' exclaimed her husband anxiously, putting 'his hand on her forehead. 'Why your sUn is like fire. It's all been too much for you— and how you are shiver ing.' 'Humphrey,' the said, with an effort, and a Btrained look abbut the muscles of her mouth, ' I want to tell you something. I want-r' ' Whatever you want to tell me must wail for tomorrow,' said- Humphrey decidedly. ' I am going downstairs new to get you something. And then you go Btraight to bed.?' He went out of the room again, and Esther sad huddled up, staring into the blacing logs The firelight sent fantastio versions of her figure dancing towards the candle-lights and the' draught disturbed candle-light sent back itB own rendering of her to toe fire. The Itluu smoke Btill oozed down into the room; the two doors still creaked and Bhivered upon tbeir hinges. Downstairs the only survivor of the wreck began to recover under the careful treatment of the doctor and his helpers. And 'out on the Bea-margin the waves still roared pitilessly upon the beaoh, and the tearing bleat tore -their rear interests into driving mists of foam. CHAPTER XL There were strangers — ' off- comers ' they call them in that part of the world— at the Gate Farm. The new inmates had bought Jerry's stock, Bud had purchased other coots, which they drove, as Esther had so often driven Daisy and Dolly, to and from the beck- field. On a certain March afternoon the sslemn troop of fawn, dun and red kine came up the lane, SB usual, a carolled pBaUm behind them betraying the presence of the milk-maid who followed at tbeir heels, knitting as vigorously as Bhe chanted in the warm evening. A sturdy figure, with red hair, and in a sea manlike suit of duBty rough serge, seemed to await the passing of the herd. He leant on agate about a hundred yards from the farm, and looked, with glances of recognition, upon the cowb. The? passed soberly past him, and then the figure of the Bihgiug zirl came in view. She was dressed in the ordinary garb of a farm -girl, ' and hd broad red cheeks and coarse hair. T-ue-manwho had bent over the gate eyed her with a mixture of relief, disappointment, and curiosity. Then he opened the gate, took a step or two ints the road, and joined her. ' You are bidin' at t'Gate Farm, missis ?' he said enquiringly, after bidding tier good day. VAye,' Bhe responded, glancing up at him and seeing an unknown countenance. ' How long ast'o bin there ?' ' What's yon to you V asked the girl brusquely. ' It's a deal to me. I ha' tramped all day across country to get here to-night, thinkin' that the folk I lined to know war here still at t' Farm.' ' Dosto mean the Jupps f ' asked the girl, standing still in the road, and letting her kine turn in at' the gate of their own free wilt : '*',.: : *? Aye. Wheer are they flitted to V ' 'Owd -Jerry 's'latd i' th' churchyard, Tim'e away somewhere t* South, and^th' gran lady, as was their couBin once upon a time, is bidin' wi' her mesther, I reckon.' ' Th' gran' lady?' repeated the other slowly. '.Aye, Mrs. Sandys, I think they ca'ed her.' ' I ha' heard nought,' said the stranger, taking off Tub cap, and running his hand through his. hair. 'Maybe you can tell me about it. for I feel fair muddled.' ' Then yo' mun come in t' Bhippen,' re joined the girl, ' for I mun be off after t' cows.'. She hurried acroBS the cobble-stones, and the other followed herslowly, glancing round at the familiar objects. The girl sat down to her milking, and a man in a smock brought a stool, and went to the further end of the shippen. The milk frothed from the two pair of hands into the pails, and the sunlight streamed in at the .open door. The blue coated stranger leant against the wall, and, to these accompaniments, beard the story of Esther, her grand fciu, and her marriage. ' Thank-ye, missis.'' he said, when the girl had 6nished, ' thank-ye.' He made no other remark, though he breathed a little .heavily, and asked for some milk. When he had drunk it he took up his stick and bundle, and moved to the doorway, looking back over his shoulder to ask a ques tion. ' 'Is Mrs. Phizacklea alive, up at th' Graft I 'arm?' he demanded cursorily. ' Aye; V said the girl, looking round the cow'e tail Ht him. 'An* Mrs. Saanklin, th' sohoslmaater's wife?' .' Aye,' was again her rejoinder. ' Then ye san tell any as cares to know bb Josiah Phizacklea is home again, an' 'as had adventures fit to make th' hair on th' stallies at Overstone drinkin'-fountain stand on end.' .And the stranger, as he delivered this speech, shouldered his stick, with the handle elungto the end of it, marchei) from the Bhippen across the yard, and Bet off in the direction of Overstone. 'She war my wife,' he said to the hedges, as he tramped along. ' She war my wife, tight and fast.' He chose first to go down into Overetone, partly because he had no affeclUn for his aspiring heirs up at the Croft Farm, and partly because he had a serieB of thrilling adventures to relate, which were to make him the her* of the hour. He desired an audience for hiB tale, and an audience, more over, as large as Overstone could yield. He reached the grey cold-looking town at about six o'clock, without meeting any acquaint ance upon the road; and turned into the nearest public-house, his shoes sounding heavily upon the flagged floor, as be closed the door, with its tingling bell, behind him. ' The landlord name out, and merely per; jseivlnga burly figure in the passage, give his conyential greeting, and opened the door that led into the room behind ; the bar. Joeiah ' moved forward, seeing three stout figures through the floating meshes of smoke. Their jitpitB were in their months, their' brimming ?' mugs on .the table beside them. Their feet' suraped a little on the sanded floor as they turned slightly to the new-comer, who advanced slowly into the stronger, light, and i then; stood motionleis. | ' Hey ?' he said, taking off his cap, and revealing bis features fully, ' Hey 7' i His altitude, his tone, hiB glanoe as he bent a little forward, were all so indicative of'' What do you think of this, eh f' that the three occupants of the room turned more - completely towards him. One of them had known JoBiah PhUaoklea formerly. His eyeB widened and his j*w fell as he looked at the man in the doorway 2 then he dropped his pipe upon the ground, where it broke with a little crash. ' My God 1' he said, below his breath. ' I theugnt I'd gi'e you a bit o' a turn, Michael Ashburner,' said Jotiah with much satisfaction: ' 'Timi't often yo' ha' a ghost as fleshed as I i' Overslone. _ 1 reckon yo' all thought I was drowoded, now dido' yo' ?' ? 'Dead drowned,' gasped the other.breath iog heavily, and appearing half- dated as ; he still looked upon this unforeseen resurroo tion. ' Aye, but I'm not so eaBy to drown,' re joined PhizucKlea, chuckling loudly, and drawing* a chair to the table. The landlord had followed him into the room, and now stood with his hand upon the latch, gating from one to the other. He was new to Over Btone, and at a loss to comprehend the Bud den excitement. ' Von man,' said Michael Aefburner, rising to hia feet and pointing to Phizacklea with great solemnity, ' yon man war drownded i' t' quicksands two year this comin' month o' May. ' The others put down their pipes at this remarkable statement, scratched their heads, and eyed Josiah phlegmitioally. He kept turning from one to the other, with satisfied importance. 'I doubt now,' he said delightedly, ' I doubt now there are stallies an' winB an' wewpin' willows set up I' Overstone Church yard, all on- account o' me ? ' 'Theer's a tombstone,' said Michael ABUburner, with profound gravity, ' theer's a tombMone, Bure enow.' He still drew his breath deeply, outraged into heavy amazement. Josiah accepted the tombBtone as a fresh tribute to his newly gained honours. He turned to the landlord, and ordered whisky all round. ' We'll make a bout of it,' be said, chuckling. ' 'Tisn't every day as Overstone ha' Bach a Btory to boast of. We'll make a bout o't.' The landlord brought the spirit with some haste, and at last Michael Ashburoer began to question this presence from the dead. Josiah settled himself in hiB chair, and lit his pipe before he would tell any portion of his story. He bad perhaps never attaioea bo complete a fulfilment of his luve of notor iety as he attained to-day. j ' Tak' a good look at me, Michael Ash- 1 burner,' he said complacently. ' 'Tisn't bo often you'll get a chance to peek at a mon as ha' bin through what I ha' bin through.' 'Asto bin through th' quicksands?' asked Michael, bluntly going straight to the immediate point of the matter. ' Not exactly,' rejoined Julian, ' but as near to't as anyone on tbiB coast ha' bin.' 'Th' horse war drowned,' suggested Michael, as a stimulus to dragging out the story, which Josiah treated as leisurely as a connoisseur treats old port. 'Aye, aye. Th' last 1 seed o' the old horse he war rattlin' away wi' t' cart to t' cockle- ' beds, an' I war lyin' fiat on my back i' o' pool o' waiter.'' ' Tumbled out ?' queried the landlord as Interested as anyone. ' That war so. Tou see, it war my weddin-day, an' I had a sup or two o' whisky.' ' Thy weddiu'-day 7' echoed Michael Ashburner. 'Aye, aye. But yon's another story. We'll oome to *t by-and-by. Wueer was 1 r' ' 1' t' pool o' watter, ' suggested one of the listeners. All had suspended their smok ing, and made an attentive audienoe. . ' Well, I lay i'f pool o' watter, lookin' up at' t' sky. I don't somehow call it all to : mina an clear as I might. But I know 1 looked to one aide, an' theer war t' tide! comirj' in, appearin' rather .unpleasant to a I muni' my position. An' 1 looked to t'other j side, an' theer war a sight o' folk comin' : along. So I set to, an' hollered.' ' Aye ?' chorused the eager audience 'aye?' ' They resided me,' resumed Joaiah ! solemnly. ' They resided me, an' then they preSBedme!' ' Pressed ye!' ' Aye, aye. They war t 'press-gang, sure enow ! An, fro' that day to this, I ha1 bio servin' His' Majesty's Navy. Joaiah's story became still more thrilling after this; and, for an hoar, he kept his 1U- j teners absorbed. Finally he related how he had been released, and had taken passage ; for Overstone on a coasting-brig. The i Btorm had come on soon after the brig had { left the river, and the captain had turned I her southward, intending to run her up the Loyne; but the wind had driven her past the mouth of the river, and Bhe had finally been wrecked on the horse-bank opposite the little fishing hamlet of Chase Heyes. At this stage of his adventures the garrul ity of the farmer soared into eloquence. He described the wind and the waves with in toxicated fervour. He drank to the memory of hiB brave rescners with sobs and hiccoughs. He blessed them, he extolled them, he de clared them to be the finest crew of fisher men in all England. They had picked him up, clinging to a spar, when all those who had manned the brigand gone to the bottom. As JoBiah grew tipsier be began to insiBt that they had put out to sea solely on his account; they were eight, ten, a dazen, twenty of them in a boat, all strainingat tbeir oars to rescue one poor farmer floating on a spar in mid ocean. He endeavoured to depict the ocean in b js whisky-glass, and, but for the forcible interference of th* landlord, would have re hearsed bis own Ewinuling exploits. upon the wooden table. M ichael' Ashburner and his two companions had expanded, in the eyes of Phizacklea, into a large audience. This audience cheered and encouraged him when he paused in hiB pell-mell of words to distill maudlin tears into his pocket-handkerchief. Finally he rose unsteadily from the table, with a vague idea that be must visit hiB old friends and seek bis wife. He shook hands with thirteen people, blessed them fervently and touch! nefy for their -welcome of a poor wanderer,^ wiped hig eyes again and again, and at last made an unsteady exit, tottering down the little passage, and stumbling out into the cool night. ' Von chap may ha bin near drowned, an' had a boatfu' o' men outarter him,' said the landlord, surveying the other three figures, all of whom collapsed upon their chairs in the little parlour, ' bnt, to my tbinkin', he's long-winded enow to set up a Btorm for liiu sen in any [tart o' th' land and Bea wheer he happens to find liissen.' And he drew aside tho short curtain to watch Josiah's figure tig-tagging away in the night. ' I've — been— in— a— storm— wheer -Hi' waves — like — mountains! I've been — pitched— out o' a brig-an-bu' swum inileson miles in-a-Beal' ,1've-been — rcskied-by-a- orew-o' twenty in — a boat 1' chanted Joslah tipBily and drowsily to himself , as he snig gered on, marking long pauses in his recita tive when lio occasionally stood still for a moment, swaying to and fro. ' I've-got-a-wife-as thinks — sbeisa gran'— lady,' be went on presently, running his words one into the other, and steadying himself against a post that he might finish hia sentence undiBtracted by the ellortto maintain Mb balance. As he leant up to the post he surveyed the twinkling lampB of Overatone with benevolence, surmiBing-tliat they were stars. THenhesang a few more bars of hiBfloliloquy; nodded confidentially to a oresqent ? moon above him; and meandered deviously on. . A little glimmering rig-zag of water wan dered presently across his path. Badley Beck was. just here, barely more than a shallow trickle. Lower down it was joined by the Upper Beck, and frothed out into a brown creaming stream. JosUh placed one foot npon the first of the stepping-stones, and broke lustily Into his chant anew.: ' ' I've— been-ln-a-sea-as roared-thlrteen-to th'dOBAn! I'vebenwaihedthrougbinighty wavea-aUip-o'-a-broken spar I I've been raskied- by-a— ' . .. The eong broke off in a fall and a splash, for the hero of the wreck had toppled over , into the brook. He lay on Mb back among the weeds and cresses, and smiled pleasantly at the sky. Six. inches of water rippled and ' gurgled musically about bis prostrate form: by-and-bye the wet permeated his clothing, but h» found it, «a ids whole, refreshing and agreeable to h|s heated Bkin. His head sank a little deeper In the mud; and the water be gan to dribble into his ears. He lifted up his voice, and resumed his recitative. ' I've been-wrecked-on bank-o' sand i' th' midst o' a-roaring tempest. I've beenres kiod-bya-b-oat an -a«rew-o'-noble men I I've been — ' The rest was choked, for his head had sunk a little lower into these calm moon reflecting shallows; and about an inch of muddy water began to flow over his mouth. His forehead , was barely- damp with the ripples; his burly chest bulged above the sur face of the brook. One hand splashed about a little, signifying perhaps that at last he tried to rise. Whether that were indeed so nobody could ever tell ; only by-and-bye the restless hand was still. A heron flew down the stream, and took up its station on one leg beside him; and nothing but the musi cal bubbling of the water, and the occasional twitter of aUrd disturbed the stillness of the night. He was found in the early morning by some labourers on their way to work. His head had sunk a little lower, then, among the glimmering green trcsBes of the water weeds. When they lifted him, and laid him carefully on the bank, he had been dead for nearly twelve hours. ' (To be continued.) 