As the day rapidly approaches which is to decide the question of union or din union, the leaders of both parties) are straining' every nerve, utilising all resources in advocacy of their separate interesbi, and generally oxoollJog them. selves on the one side in raiaung bogeye whose ghost.like forms no sooner appear, than they are exorcised and ignominii. ousely banished by the other, Every objection, possible and impossible, every hypothesis logical .or absurd, every mean and contemptible motive that jealousy or hatred dcou!d suggest have been used indiscriminately to damage, the cause of Federation in, the eyes'o~ the people, and that tooby men who deolare themselves friends .of ?ederation. "Not on those lines" is their ero;l and having no. 'lines' of thIbir own, for if they have, not one of them hav' bing thought it 'orth while to eluoi. tate them, it maybo taken for granted that they are insincere in their avowal, aitd that if they eucceededd in obtaining . the elimniintioh of every clause rigainst which : they so poristently and irehemently protest, thby would still he eagin the bill," They simply don't want it and are therefore prepared to tWait for thie unuttainabloe, ' Since the masises have to' be educated on "this great question by and through tho 'piblie press,it is iin th,'hilghest degree 'reporehensible 'to 'ptlblish iuoorrect or misleadiing articles 'for, unldge the cort rections made by the other side are read, the false'data thus furnished are bdbctd t· reseult in the foimation of' erroneous b•nelusions. Thecomploxity of many of the problems incidentalto any form o! federation is too abstruse for the mental greasp of, thousands who will :roord their votes one way.or the other i rhnd since the tio leading Sydney papers tako oppositeo views, it will be wiso :for the reader to hear the other aide, Befotore tho taking of the Referendum last. year, the "Daily Tolegraph" issued · a spoeial and gratuitous copy for theo gdIauii of theli people.' Not to be dut-manconured, the '"lerll" produced iand iesucedermanythoueand -?u npior eeo ai spooial oederation itumbor last week r?619 hes bone iollowad by a 001nt. blast. consisting of three pages of debatable matter upon the same subject by the "Telegraph." No phase of the question has been neglected; but the man who can road through, thoroughly digest, care ully criticise and finally sift the wheat from the chaff amongst the ponderous volume of conflicting matter to be found therein, never need fear becoming an otcupant of Callan Park. After all, the shortest and safest road to the acquisition of a clear underseanding of the whole matter lies in the careful and studious perusal of the bill itself. Dificoulties may present themselves, but they are capable of solution by the applicatioh of an average amount of common sense aided by the explanation of those who assisted in framing the bill; but the iterasio2 of assertions and denials only make "confusion worse confounded." All that can be said, both for and against the bill, has been said, unless, as is not improbable, some spectre be conjured up at the last moment by way of springing a surprise upon the unsuspecting elector. It isall very well to aimnat the ideal, but per fctiln is not of this world; and if, in what we consider a fair deal, we drive too hard a bargain, an act of injustice is done. It would be much more saties factory of codrea if the future were an open page; but in a partnership of the kind contemplated by Federation, it is inevitable that there should be risks for all parties concerned. If, so far as human foresight can penetrate, these risks are minimised, there should be no cause for alarm. It is a bad case where it becomes necessary to support argu" ment by ridioule and pictorial carica' ture; for, while it may prove a source of aniusement, it is no~ likely to make converts or in any way strengthen the cause advocated. By Tuesday next some 820,000 olectoral.rights will have to be issued, the right being obtainable up to the day of polling; and it iseto:be hoped that every elector will mak6:an effort to record his vote, and secuie for Fedoration a substantial majority. The opposition hiis a strong quartette in Mossrs. Molnaurin, Pilcher, Dibbs and Heydon but one has ouly to glance at the other side to recognise that the weight of intelligence is there. Mr, Teece, of the A.M.P. Society, than whom few are more capable as financiers, heartily supports the cause of Federa' tion in terms of the bill; while from a military standpoint, Major French urges the necessaty for union. The passing of the Federal Bill by the Queensland Parliament is a healthy sign and should exercise a powerful influence upon the N.S.W. vote, Messrs, Reid and Barton have both been accused of aspiring to important posi tions in the Federal Parliament. At Newcastle last week, an interjector at one of Mr. Raid's meetings said "You're after the Federal Promiershipl" which druw from Mr. Reid the rejoiner, "lam not ashamedto say that if I am Premier of N. 1. Wales when the Federal Government is formed, I think -I will have a legitimate right 1o aspire to that position" Mr. Reid would have an undoubted right; and what is more, the people would support him in his aspira. tion. But no man has worked harder, more faithfully.and consioently in the cause of Federation toau Mr. jarton a pa :r:o~i who stands at least as highly i' itheo estimation of the publio as the Premier, 