AUSTRALIAN TRIBES. AN INTERESTING STUDY. One needs to read the book itself to know how fascinating is the subject dealt with by Messrs. Spencer and Gillen in 'The Native Tribes of Central Austra- lia,' published by Messrs. MacMillan and Co., London. It will rank as the standard work on Australian anthropology so far as concerns the portion of the continent to which the authors' researches have been confined, for both gentlemen have a right to speak with authority on the social organisation of the tribes in the interior; Mr. Baldwin Spencer as, professor of bio- logy in the Melbourne University, and as a student who has improved his know- ledge of the aborigines by a visit to their territory; and Mr. F. J. Gillen, who has spent the greater part of two decades among them, and as sub-protector of the aborigines has had exceptional opportuni- ties of familiarising himself with their customs and social organisation. The area covered by their investigations measures some 700 miles from north to south, and stretches out from east to west, of the transcontinental telegraph line for a grea- ter distance still. It is an arid country, excepting where, in the rainy season, it receives the benefit of the overflow of rivers and creeks, when huge lakes formed by the floods slake, for all too brief a period, the thirst of the sandy soil. As the traveller moves northward from lake Eyre he finds the land rising gradually, until it reaches an elevation of 2,000 feet above the sea. Northward again he comes to the James and MacDonnell Ranges, forming the southern limit of a still more elevated plateau. Up to the 2,000 feet elevation the traveller has been on the lower steppes. The country beyond is called by the authors the higher steppes, and it is here that the rivers rise which find their way southward, through gorges and creeks, till they drain miles away among the sandy flats or are lost in the great depressed area that centres in the salt bed of Lake Eyre, below the sea level. South and west of the steppe lands lies a vast desert, where sandhills, covered with porcupine grass, stretch away for mile after mile with a monotony only varied by occasional belts of im- penetrable mulga scrub, hardly, if any- thing less dreary. Yet even the desert affords maintenance to tribes, though their lot can be anything but pleasant. Game is scanty, and the rats and lizards caught by setting fire to the porcupine grass, thus driving the creatures from one tussock to another — are anything but plentiful dur- ing the frequently recurring periods of drought. What water is then obtainable is found in "native wells" (the remnants of old mound springs), which, as likely as not, will be fouled by the decaying car- case of a stray dingo. In the steppe lands, on the other hand, the lot of the native is at least tolerable, for ordinarily kangaroos, rock-wallabies, emus, and other game abound, as well as several varieties of fruit, notably the quandong, or native plum. Such is the great area of the steppe and desert land on whose strange inhabitants the light has now been turned in more glaring fashion than it ever was before. The curtain is lifted upon an ancient bar- barism, and we see mankind in the stage of existence when weapons were first in- vented and when instruments of hus- bandry were unknown. Nomadic tribes scarcely beyond the cannibal age, domi- nated by a belief in medicine men, and still, in a measure, practising promiscuity of sexual intercourse, content when pro- vision has been made for the next meal, swayed by customs and ceremonies whose primeval origin is still in many cases a mystery, are found sharing a continent with the heirs of all the ages in the fore- most files of time. And some critics of, our civilisation may think that the lot of these savages — too far removed from white settlements, it is significantly pointed out in the volume before us, to have become degraded — is not wholly unenviable. If they are vacant of our glorious gains, they enjoy much contentment when wallabies, are not too scarce and when the evil eye of the medicine man is still averted from them. Seated beside a waterhole, with his lubras and children, and food to be had by the mere exertion of throwing a spear at a kangaroo behind an adjacent sandhill, or a boomerang at an eaglehawk overhead, life to the aborigine is at times "all afternoon." The tyranny of custom holds him in its sway, as it does ourselves, and he has to conform to the public opinion of his tribe. But the occasions when he is due at a corrobboree, or at some totemic ceremony, or religious fes- tivity, still leave him ample time for play- ing with his children or drumming out his monotonous chants by the camp fire. Shut off from contact with external peoples, the tribes of Central Australia have received no stimulus by which, they could make any substantial advance to- wards a more complex existence. But the authors are far from thinking that the history of the blacks shows any retrogression. Probably they descended from a common stock and, became divided into tribes as they wandered, but their customs and social organisation, and what is known as to their weapons, do not jus- tify the supposition that they have fallen from any higher estate than their present one. They share with North Ameri- can Indians the practice of dividing each tribe into groups, whose members are named after natural objects, animals, or plants, or it may be the elements, the wind, sun, water, or cloud. A totem symbol, may embrace several families; you may be a carpet snake; a wild duck, a lizard, or a water-hen, according to, the category in which your father— in some tribes it is the mother— is included. For matrimonial purposes a tribe is divided into two classes, and to one or other of these classes a totem must belong; it can not belong to both. Every person must marry into the opposite class; persons of the same class cannot inter- marry. The two classes of the Urabunna tribe are the Matthuric and Kirarawa. A Kira- rawa must marry a Matthuric. But more than that, it is settled which are the totems that they may inter-marry. A snake group may inter-marry into a water-hen group; a turkey may ally himself with a cloud. In some tribes the child takes its totem from the father; in others from the mo- ther. Some obscurity attaches to the ori gin of this grouping into totems, but the natives themselves believe that they are the descendents of the animals or plants or natural forces after which they are named. As to the marriage customs, they may seem to civilised tastes to leave a good deal to be desired; and ladies about to be wedded who may feel any shrinking about the ceremony may be consoled if they reflect how much more uncomfortable it sometimes prove for the dusky bride in Central Australia. Beyond the occasional throwing of an odd shoe we retain nothing to recall the ancient and almost universal custom of forcible cap- ture. The young lady in Adelaide may congratulate herself that she is not a mem- ber of a tribe in the far north by which the primeval custom is still indulged in. The good old rule and simple plan of knocking your intended on the head and carrying her off bodily is sometimes in- dulged in, though the common prac- is for unions to be arranged by the relatives. Some authorities, including Westermarck, have denied the existence of any evidence for the notion that pro- miscuity ever formed a general stage in the social history of mankind. But there are surviving practices in connection with the Central Australian aborigine which suggest that communal or group marriage once prevailed, and this, in the opinion of the authors, indicates the previous exis- tence of still wider marital relations. Nothing more interesting is to be found in the volume of the account given of the complex rites of initiation incident to the coming of age of the Australian abori- gine. The universal tendency of rude races has always been to celebrate in some striking manner the arrival of manhood, and it is curious to notice how customs more or less similar arise all over the world without any possibility of communications between the peoples. In civilised communities it is an excuse for feasting, but in the case of aborigines a coming-of-age is an occasion for testing the courage and endurance of the principal actor. There has been long preparation for the event. As early as his tenth or twelfth year the lad has had one of his front teeth knocked out- a ceremony, how- ever, sometimes deferred till somewhat later in life- and has been tossed into the air by a group of his seniors. A little later he is painted on both chest and back, and then he is debarred from the society of the gentler sex and taught hunting, while he has the septum of his nose bored. The in- itiatory ceremonies are more elaborate ex- tending over many days, and including cir- cumcision, an ordeal by fire, the drinking of blood. Thereafter he acquires the right to marry, always however within the proper totem. Monogamy though general, is not invariable, and the husband is given absolute disposal over the virtue of his wife, whom he frequently lends to his friends, always subject, however to the law of caste. Having gone through life with more or less ease, the dread summons comes to the black man as to the white, with this dif- ference that the Aborigine does not believe in the possibility of a natural death, even though he might live to the age of Methu- salah. It is always some enemy who has brought about his mortal sickness by some occult means. As the practice of witch- craft is a capital offence pains are taken to discover the guilty party. The medi- cine-man is summoned and into his ear the dying man will whisper the name of the offender, generally his greatest enemy, and the consequence is that one death is speedily followed by another. Proof of guilt always rest with the medicine-man, who sometimes arrives at a verdict by means of omens. The medicine-man is naturally much dreaded, and is in fact the most powerful man of the tribe. Indeed, the head man is comparatively a very feeble personage. The nonsense talked about "King Billies" is rebuked by the authors, who show that the natives have no kings or chiefs, in the proper sense, but only a head man, who may more pro- perly be designated as President of the Council of Elders, perhaps, still better, the master of ceremonies. The corpse, almost as soon as the breath has left it, is buried in a sitting posture in a round hole. A mound is raised and provision is made for the free entrance and exit of the spirit. Occasionally the body is placed in a tree, but it is a mistake to suppose that it is left there, for the bones are al- ways buried. The name of the deceased is never uttered lest the spirit should be vexed. Indeed, for a time, everything that goes wrong in the camp is attributed to the visitation of the ghost of the departed, which can only be laid by religious ceremonies of a pro- tracted kind. But the spirit, as Theosophists may be interested to hear, ultimately reclothes itself in human flesh. The story has often been told of the native whose belief in the hereafter was summari- sed as follows "We go down black men; come up white man." The aborigine has, too, Greg's belief that the soul enters the body after and not with birth, and a baby, especially if it is one of twins and likely to give its mother trouble, is destroyed in the conviction that it will find its way into the world again under more favourable cir- cumstances. Consideration of space ren- dered it necessary to leave numerous points of great interest untouched. The authors have greatly extended the knowledge pre- viously in regard to many of the matters dealt with, and have furnished Australian scientific literature with a work which will rank as the standard one on the subject to which it relates. Illustra- ted from photographs and admirably printed, it should prove a welcome addition to scientific, public, and even private libraries, its cost being by no means prohibitive. 