DR. GALLAGHER, COADJUTOR BISHOP ? OF GOULBURN. ' ' AT THE OPENING OF ROCKHAMPTON CATHEDRAL. ' PREACHES A GREAT SERMON. At the opening and blessing of St. Joseph's Cathedral, Rockhampton, the Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher preached a brilliant sermon on the benefits and blessings the Church of Christ had conferred on society. The Arch bishop of Melbourne was to have preached, but his place waa most kindly taken by the Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher, Coadjutor ? ' Bishop of Goulburn. It is the general opinion that the sermon ranks amongst the finest pieces of pulpit oratory ever delivered in Rockhampton. Bishop Gallagher said : It ia'easy to feel that the thought which is uppermost in the mind of every one present is that same thought which is uppermost in my own mind — ' What a pity the Archbishop of Mel bourne is not with us.' We all regret it for the illness which, though we trust ic is slight and passing, , has detained him at Brisbane ? ?,. and prevented him from performing this labor of love. We regert it for the loss to all of us of those words ti wisdom and en couragement of light and leading, and sweet ness, which his big generous heart, drinking in fresh enthusiasm fron the large, intelli gent, and sympathetic audience, would have poured out, to instruct^ to delight, to move — to inspire us with noble and sustaining thoughts, and Hit up our souls to heavenly desires. What a void his absence causes. It is a great occasion, and he 'would have given us .something worthy of it. His address would have been a fitting crown to the sacred ceremonies and splendid celebrations ot the day. However, ha is not here, and someone muat man the breach. When asked by my dear friend, your own beloved and zealous and enlightened prelate, to take the Avch ? bishop's place — but how can I take his place, a pigmy clothed in the armor and striving to wield the 6word of a giant 1 — I hesitated as to the subject on which I should address you. But my hesitation did not last long. For, whether you open ' a school, or erect an orphanage, or inaugurate a teaching brother hood, or consecrate a cathedral, we are merely in each case bringing into exercise some one of those countless instruments of beneficence, of enlightenment, of salvation, which our Holy Mother the Church has ever made use of to benefit the human family, to enlighten, to elevate, and to save the souls of men. My subject, therefore, is, 'What blessings has the Churoh conferred on Society?' What benefits has that great Catholic Ohuroh, which has subsisted in every age, and is to last to the end of time, and is spread throughoutall nations, bestowed upon the world — blessings, some of which you, if only docile to her teachings and faith ful to her precepts, are certain to reap, ac cording to the measure of your wants, and of your pious importunity, from the instruction you hear aud from the Sacraments you receive within these sacred walls. There is not and tiiere never was in the annals of the human race any institution which presents to the thinking mind so many topics worthy of interest and of ex amination as Our Holy Mother — the Catholic Church. To the true believer, to the genuine Catholic, for him who has already captivated the pride of his reason beneath the glorious yoke of faith, a brief review of her struggles and victories, of her defeats and triumphs as the ages rolled on, must afford ample power for legitimate pride.' To the philoso phical mind, to him who who would investigate the causes which have led to the growth and prosperity, and the decline and fall of peoples, of nations, and of empires, it supplies an exhaustless field of thought. Again, to the man of literary taQte, of oulture and refinement, to him whose poetic soul will respond only to the open sesame of rasthetic taste, tho achievements of her sons and daughters in all the wido domains of genius, of literature, and ot art should unfold the highest ideal of the beautiful and sublime, While the Freethinker and Rationalist even, who would subject to the scrutiny of pure reason-alone the teachings of revealed faith, who would measure the infinite designs of the Eternal by the limited comprehension of man, should find in her history sufficient motives to iuquire whether phenomena which cannot be traced t« natural causes may not come from heaven, whether t4 tho chain of events con federate and link together,' ns Bacon says, 'may not lead to Providence and Divinity,' whether, in a word, tho fingor of God may not be here to gunrd and protect, to shield and defend that groat institution which the malice and tho efforts of men have so often in vaiu attempted to destroy. It has been duly said tbnfc (ho history of the Catholic Church connects together the two groat epochs of human civilisation — tho nge of Augustus wl:h iho riuya in which wo live. No othor institution is left standing which carries back iho mind to tho time when \- the s'nughtor of a thousand victims in tho Geronium attended the progress, iind tho families of captivo kings graced the triumph of u returning Closer ; to tho timo when iiivy wrote and Horaco sang, and tho orators of Givoon all hi'kIuvI after and illustrated in 1 the most, giacofnl and pliant of human tongueo, if t hoy could no longer prosorvo, tho ? riopartorl L'lorii b of thoir country. The rnliuion of Mahomm onmos next in antiquity ; 022 ia tho yeur of tho Ilcgirn. Bus ft. Chris tian congregation requires not to be told tbat the religion of Mahomet has been, during the twelve centuries of its' existence, a terrible scourge permitted by God to test the faith or to punish the ingratitude of his children. And the religion of Mahomet is now at last sinking back into the earth from which it Bprung unwept, unhonored, and unsung. But the Catholic Church remains, not merely in the decrepitude of old age ; not merely as strong as she was on that day when Mahomefc fled from Mecca to Medina ; but having re newed her youth like the eagle, goes forth in all the energy of her pristine vigor, carrying with the Cros3 of our Saviour and the Book of His Gospel, her ten thousand instruments of enlightenment and of beneficence to the limits of tha world. When Christ our Lord ascended into heaven, He fulfilled his pro mise — He sent down the Holy Ghost to found His Church, to comfort His Apostles, to enable them to preach the Gospel of new law. Soon before the light of their teachings, which is that of Holy Church, vanished the clouds of Grecian and Roman mythology — embellished though they were by the fancy ot the poets, though art had lighted them up with countless forms of beauty, though history had blended into them the records of the glory of those ancient nations that were loved so well. She, again, it was that from the very first moment of her existence began to dash from their pedestals those idols which ' By falsities and lies the greatest part Of mankind had corrupted to forsake God their Creator, and the invisible Glory of Him that made them to transform Oft to the image of a brute, adorned With gay religions full of pomp and gold, And devils to adore for deities.' Again, though she spoke not in the persuasive words of human eloquence, but in the show ing of the spirit and power, the simple preach ing of the Cross as proclaimed by her apostles soon overcame, or at least assimilated and purified, the philosophies of the pagan world, based though they were on the foundations of pure reason, adorned though they were by the genius of Plato and of Aristotle, recommended though they were for the acceptance of all the ages by the eloquence of Cicero in words which shall never die. For 300 years and more the Roman Emperors, supported by the strength and discipline of thirty legions, those mighty sledge-hammers of the world, sought to extinguish the light of her faith in the blood of her children, ignorant as they were that already on one of the seven. hills an humble fisherman had taken up his throne, and that from that throne his succes sors Bhould rule over by acts of peace and love an empire vaster in extent, more popu lous in number- and docile in obedience, than had ever been subjected to the sword of the Eternal City. 'Religious Ccasar never knew, hia successors ehonld sway Where Roman eagles never flew, none invincible as they,' Yes, none invincible as they ! For when the eagles of the empire retired before and the blade of grass refused to grow under thn ad vancing march of Attila and tho Huns, was it not the calm dignity and religious heroism and conscious strength of a successor of the fisherman, Pope St. Leo the Greaf-, that stayed the progress of the barbarian and saved from his ruthless prey the last relics of an expiring civilisation ? Again, when the successors of Mahomet had conquered to the obedience of the Koran or the sword every nation outside Europe that waa known to the ancient world, when every knee bent in pro fane homage to Allah and his prophet from the pillars of Hercules to the banks of the Ganges, was it not a Catholio priest, Peter the Hermit, who, at the bidding of a Sove reign Pontiff, Urban II. . made the cathedrals and churches of Europe ring with the thunders of an indignant and enthusiastic eloquence that went Biraight to the hearts of the people; and called out its faith and chivalry from the banks of the Thames and the Seine, the Tiber aud the Rhine, and led them over barbarous lands aud dangerous seas to rescue the sepul chre where Our Lord was laid and to save once again tho liberty of Europe ? Two centuries and a half of choquered his tory for the Christian world came and passed away. About the middle of the thirteenth century a countless host aroso in tho native land of the nomad warrior, Thibet ; extended under its mighty 'leader, Gengis Khan, its devastating course, from the Eastern Pacific to the Mediterranean Sea ; made tho kings of the earth the footstool of its invincible sovereign ; demolished tho few relics of civilisation which tho sword of the Saraoon had srared and whitened the plains of Asia with the bones of tho myriads slain. Nor was it Rtopped in its career of dostruotion till it met under tho walls of Neustadt, in Austria, those 8 words that were wielded by tho heroism of the Christian faith and had been brought together by the voico of tho common father — Innocent IV. — for tho defence of Christen dom. In fine, not to supply examples ovor much, had not John Hunniudos — that hero of chivalry whoso banner was bloat and borno by a Catholic priest ana siiint, St. John Cupistrnm— repulsed tho still victorious Mos lom from tho walla of Bolsirado in 1450 ; had dot Don John of Ausiria and tho Catholic powers of Europo, in thoso days, '' whilo still o'ttr tho main floated tho galleys of Spain and tho rod lion standard of Venice,' been in duRod by tho saintly Pontiff Pius V. to foi not their differences for a timo and unite their strength to humble tho pride, of tho Oroscont in 1572; hud not. John Sobioskio, tho lust ot the Crusaders, 'Come, seen, and through Rod's aid conquered ' finally the Mussulman under the walls of Vienna in 1683, some of the fairest countries of Western Europe might to-day be seeking in vain to bo freed from the horrors of Crete or Armenia ; their daughters might to-day be serving as Circassians in the harem of an Eastern despot ; and those exalted soula who to-day adorn, by their genius and their virtues, the faith, the liberty, and the civilisation of the western world might be slaves to ' One of that saintly murderous crew to carnage and the Koran given,' who ever thought that through Christian blood lay their directest road to heaven. I would have you observe that in this whole instruction I do not speak of Our Holy Mother Church solely as a Divine institution founded by our Lord Jesus Christ. For in this aspect her history is synomymous with the history of the whole world, going up not only to the day of Pentecost and to the hill of Calvary ; but before them, through pro mises and figures and prophecies, to Adam and to God. Nor do I spealt of the Church , in her doctrinal and sacramental system as the guardian and infallible expounder of revealed truth and the only authorised dis penser of the mysteries of God. For in this sense there is not any other institution to which she can be compared. I merely speak of her in her secular and mundane and external aspect — as the Duilder-up of human society as is now is, moulding the character of Christian nations, source and defender of true liberty, generous foster-mother of learning, civiliser of the modern world. To illustrate my subject from thi3 point of view, you will permit me to adduce one or two additional examples. When our mother the Catholic Church first appeared on earth, the boasted liberty of the ancient world was little more than a name. Ita privileges were limited to a very few. At leasL two-thirds of the human race were slaves — adscripti glebae, to be bought and sold as the chattels of the homestead or the fruits of the soil— the thralls of the northern nations, the helots of Greece and the servi of Rome. She ic was that first realised the generous sentiment of the pagan poet, '' nihil humani a me alienuoi puto,' that nothing human was outside the circle of her beneficent sway. She spoke, and soon the master was taught to see in his slave the image of that great Creator in whose likeness he had himself been made. 'In one spirit were all her children baptized into one body, whether Jew or Gentile, whether bond or free.' She touched the ciptive'a chain, and soon the shackles fell from off his limbs, the furca ceased to hang about his neck, the bitter draught of which thousands had been made to drink in every age was dashed from his lips. She went down with him into his prison, and in bonds she left him not. The integrity of his soul was restored to him once more, and, 'redeemed, regenerated, and disenthralled,' he came forth, he stood erect in his native dignity, he took his place as man among the sons of men at the bidding of the beneficent genius of Catholicity. The emancipation of these alone — the abolition of slavery — it is a work of aoclal regeneration, the memory of which a grateful world should not surely allow to die. Again, when Holy Church first appoared amongst men, she found woman in a degraded state,, paying dear'y for the primal fall. Some gifts from heaven she did inherit, but the slime of the serpent was over them all. She was little more than the vileinsfcm ruent of the sensuality of man — ' Man did hold her when his passion had spent its novel force, not much better than his dosr, a little dearer than his horse' — the Hetaira of Gr ece, or the Chloe of Rome. The Catho lio Church, however, soon took her by the hand, for the weak and all who lacked for strength at all times had hers at their com mand — raise! her from her fallen state, threw around her weakness the asgis of her protecting care, placed her under the shadow of the ' Cedar that was exalted on Libanus' — the Blessed Virgin Mary, and for the first. time in tho history of the world would point out to astonished arid delighted man how divino a thing a woman can be made when elevated, refined, and sanctified by the enobling influences of the Catholic relipion. To-day, whether as a timorous dove she seeks an asylum for her timidity * In tho?e deep solitudes and awfal cells. Where heavt nly penBivo contemplation dwells,' Or aa Sister of Morcy crowns her virginity with the sacrifice of youth and beauty and accomplishments to the training of the tender mind and lessening the burden of human sorrow, or as wife and mother sheds around the domestic hearth the sweet aroma of Christian piety and maternal, she owes all thia elevation, as virgin, wife, and mother, to the sublime teaching and humanising in lluencas of our holy Catholic faith. There is no woman who ought not to be at least in heart a Catholic— none who, if she only know the history of the Church, and the efforts which that Church in every age made for her elevation, would not lovo, even if not permit ted to adopt, the ancient faith. For woman's sake has tho Catholic Church boen called upon to make some of tho most gonerous nnd most costly of her sacrifices. Moro than three centuries ago she preferred to loso tho wealth, tho groatuess, and tho power of that mighty Empire, on whose wido domain tho sun is said to never sot, under whoso imperial ling wo horo in Australia live so happily to-day, rathor than concede to tho passion of a licen tious monarch, Honry VIII., Jlu- dissolution of the marriage tio nud tho rights of au in jured but helpless queen, the good Catherine ?; ofArragon. Just as three centuries before— - at the time when the Saracen menaced the liberties of Europe, when one of the greatest of the German E nperors was seeking to bind in chains the liberty of the Church—she risked the severance from her spiritual em pire of tho kingdom of France, just then rising up to the dignity of her proud place as first amongst the nations and eldest daughter of. the church because she would not grant a divorce to the haughty sovereign, Phillip Augustus, nor allow him to exchange for a fairer and younger partner his lawful spouse, the Queen Ingelberga. The elevation of woman from a position of degradation and contempt to the rightful place which she now occupies as the equal, the companion, and consoler of man — this, too, is a work of social amelioration of which she may well feel proud. In a word, from the moment when her establishment by Con stantino as the religion of the empire per mitted her to proclaim aloud her doctrinea and to enforce her precepts, the old order, even in public life, of the pagan world was changed. ' All things were made new.' The. slaughter of the captives taken in war was no ? longer permitted to grace the triumph of a victorious general. Human reason was no longer outraged by the ignoble sight of men about to die ' saluting the divinity of tho Emperor.' Lions and camelopards no longer bounded on their human prey in the Flavian amphitheatre. The degrading spectacle of a thousand gladiators butchering each other in the arena to make a Roman holiday to gratify the sated appetites of a brutalised populace was no lonaer allowed to belie the boasted civilisation of mankind. But re generated humanity, illumined by that great sun of justice which enlighteneth every man that cometh into the world, started on that great career of progress which — how devious soever the path may have been and great the obstacles to overcome — if has never once turned back, asserted the dignity of human nature, while restoring to the universe that supreme homage of which the wicked ness and impiety cf all the preceding cen turies had deprived Him. In a word, Holy Mother Church by her teaching and her works realised amongst men the sublime and prophetic hymn with which the celestial choir in mid air ushered in, on the first Christmas morning, the new-born Saviour, by restoring '? His glory to God on high and bringing peace and good- will to men.' ' But,' someone may say — in fact, many do say — ' we admit the civilising influence of the. church in the ages that are passed. She did a great work in her day. But that day is gone, never to return. She kept the lamp of science burning during the long night of the Middle Ages, but she is not suited for the meridian splendor of the nineteenth cen tury. She is, and must ever be, a beautiful relic of a glorious past, but only to be pre served, as some Egyptian mummy, for the inspection ct the curious in a museum of an tiquities.' But no. ' She is not vanquished yet, life's ensign still Is crimson in her face and in her lip*, And death's pale flag is not advanced there.' We Catholics, we Christians, are not merely the heirs of all the ages, but are, along all the lines of progress, in the foremost ranks of time. Ah, nol They are mistaken who say that religion pales her ineffectual fires. While Bismarck, the man of blood and iron, lowers the Imperial flag at the bidding of Leo XIII. and goes to Canossa ; while the infidel leaders of France beg the Sovereign Pontiff to interpose, as he did in olden times, the olive branch of peace between the swords of contending factions ; while Newman writes and JSecchi investigates the secrets of the heavens ; while Manning is called in to arbitrate successfully between tho conflict ing claims of capital . and labor iu the commercial centre of the world ; while Pasteur at Parid applies the latest achieve ments of science to the alleviations of human suffering, and the good Father Damien labors ?imougst his leperous children in Molokai, let it not be said that terror is no longer inspired by the terrors of the Vatican, let it not be said that the spirit of Christian heroism no longer exists. Dr. Gallagher, in concluding his discourse, referred in detail to tho work of the Church in the world at the present day, and to the founders of the Roligious Orders. Benedic tion of the Most Blessed Sacrament wa* given by his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland. 