CARCOAR D.J$TBICT COURT: ?iy:y ??? Monday,- 26rH;1Jrj^.?'i?'^ . ??.„? (Before . His Honor Judge Mere-' ? wether.) ? ? . : T. BENKETT V. EXECDTORS pP TJtE Estate op Late H. Molloy. Mr Mun-ay (instructed by T. Phil lips, Cowra), appeared, on behalf of plaintiff; Mr Roeliu (instructed by Mr Y, B. MacDermott), appeared foe defendant. ': * --.???' , , The following jury -tvas empan nelied :^j.;JJurtb'n, W. H, tlatt, T. Death, and W.. Marsh. Mr W. H. Platt was elected foVemarii: ' ' ' ? ? t J T. J.v;Be*g-i{et.t depose^ : I am an auctioneer, gi-eengrocer, ete., residing at Mandurama ; knew Henry Molloy, deceased; was his monthly tenant; am a married man 'and have a family; remember October last, the weather was very heavy and the rain came through the roof of the house ; saw Molloy and asked him to have a lo-k at it ; he said lie had no idea it. was in such a delapidated condition or he would have seen to it e rlier — he was tired of paying for repairs to the building, and as he had long made up his mind to erect new premises did not consider the renovation necessary ; am of the opinion that had 'the repairs been effected it would have sufficed ; Mr Molloy made mention of building on the opposite' side of the yard ; he was at that time in immediate hurry, and would see' me later on ; he called next day and said he was going te build over there (pointing in the direction,' indicated), and that he was having the plan drawn ont and would then submit it to my approval. . To Mr Murray: Never saw- any-, thing more of Mr Molloy until the expiration of three weeks ; never saw plans or specifications ; it was- either the. 7th or 8th November I saw 'him last ; one morning about 5 o'clock Hi Winterbottom ' commenced; pulling down the chimney at the end of the barber's shop ; he came down when' ordered to do so and went away, and ieturned about 8.30 a.m. in company with Mr Molloy ; they entered the yard, and the latter said 'Good morning, Tom,' addressing me, and then asked 'why don't you let this man (reference to Mr Winterbottom) go on with his work? ' ; I said it was not right and would not tolerate he or you to pull the house down over the heads of my family — two of which were in ill health, one of which has since died-^-without due notice being given; 'Oh,' replied Mr MoIloV, vis that if ; T said' ' Yisr IS which He retorted 'Seeing that we are ^dot married the best d ? ?d thing you can do is to get out of it '.; we bacl a few hot words, and I left them ; Mr Molloy called me hack to have. a diink, which I accepted ; he said 'Tom, I don't see why you should grumble, seeing that I am building you a new place'; I 'told' him if .he pulled the house down it.wjas.at- his own risk, and at my leisure would institute proceedings against him -fyr so doing ; he was quite prepared .to accept all risks, aud instructed the man to pull the house down ; I then left them ; Winterbottom was working over a week ; the dwelling portion was left standing, the dining and. sitting rooms being exposed by the removal of the petition ; as. a result fruit, yegotables,confectionory, tobacco and barber's turn-out woe damaged at a loss of' £1'2; the furniture was not removed; and myself and .family slept beneath tlie counter for two weeks, the busiwesi being carried' on in a temporary sort; of manner. To the* Judge :? I removed' into the house Bubaejuuently built by Molloy, and still hold poRgession of the old one; the amount of payment is still 26s per month ; previou.8 to his death Molloy gave me notice to . , leave the premises ; it was about November 8 when Winterbottom started pulling down the old structure ; something like three dozen, bottles of soft drink were broken. ' ? To M&JBtoelin; :A have -arried oro business as a. ' speiler' at race meet ings, But not of late years ; did1 not say to. Molloy ' Don't wish to put you. . to* any. expense,, but if I were you. would, build afresh'; never metr Mollay on the Gallymont ,road ;. never went with him to see the plans of 'new building ;.did not say .'.I will close my shop, for tiie cpnirenienoe of new house ; the family slept under the counter for.. four or five nights; the countej-- must have been fully. 10 feet long and two feet. wide; was not working up a case against Molloy ; he did sot, oner to pay a night's lodging for my family at an hotel; the work, took betweem three and. four weeks to. complete ; the carpenter blocked some of the space up to protect us from the weather; did not enter into conver sation with Molloy until six daysV after ^he row; did not cut a. panelf* from tie fence for convenience sake ;: the new place- was constructed! for the landlord1— not for me;: Mollby said he was goii:g to £40 or £50 exp nse for the ..convenience -of . my wife and: family.; never said ' I could get bread and ^ butter- in any other honse ini ijaflq^wima; am aware .MceSchmidt shaif^jiim £h& -state of ;*he house;: be savd-t ought to have it-: looked at;: did. not tell -Sshmidt Molloy was going, to pull half the old-hoine down .and ..firect a new one, .-and that I would not be kept a day out of ther hpuse;-am acquainted with Schmidt r. I wade mention to Schmidt about the Uoiife rbeing, too email for the'timei,. b/it.. .did not, ask him to -. approach. M«U'j^in the matter; never- offered MpUoy £b0 to go on with new bnild ip^rAlB aware Bembrick never saidl Molloy would have to do something' ^i,^njas,nouBe, ana 'was' taken by SWyfJfS -srhen, they. started pulling ifc djjwn;' hever ordered timber off Bem brick at Mollov's expense. To the Foreman : The weather at. the time was very rough and windy. To Mr Murray : I entered ah action against Molloy previous to his death \\. ? at my request Schmidt inspected the house. and said it was something scandalous ; he would enquire if Molloy would move in the matter,, failing which he would do something ^ he suggested building a house on Mrs. Harrison's property for me, and would! acquaint his sister at Neville'; I volunteered the payment of 12 months' rent in advance if he did ; saw Schmidt on several occasions while the building was being removed ; he once remarked it to be a pity the manner in which I was at a loss financially ; he asked m» to be cautious and not make mention to Molloy about his intention of build To the Judge: Previous to the removal of the old building I used the kitchen as a fun-age loom ; three-,, rooms were left standing and . wece not fit for human beings to reside in ;. .visitors were with us at the time p never spoke to Molloy about' , going into the new house ; I pay the same: rent. Henfy Winterbottom deposed : Am 'A,' contractor residing at Mandurama ; remember doing a job for H. Molloy (deceased) about October 6; - he instructed me to pull do*n the house in question; Bennett was residing in. it at the time; the old timber went to fnrnish the construction of a new building ; I started work and Bennett stopping me I brought Molloy; he and Bennett had a heated controversy,. Molloy intimating that as they were nob married his tenant had better seek another place of abode; I was: instructed to proceed with the work ;: saw them drinking together; was four or five weeks completing the work ; half the old structure was left standing when I started to build the new one ; received a subpoena shortly aiier; saw juoiioy ana naa a conver sation with him at my place; toldr him 1 .did not remember the words exchanged between ' he and Bennett,, and offered me £5 to make a declar ation to his lawyer; I refused to do. so, and would not be tempted evem with £20 1; we seperafed and next m-t at Gallymbnt wTigre^ii brj&her; had at contract on my behalf ; journeying homewards he asked if my. memory served me better than on a. previous occasion re Bennett's conversation, anoV he offered m* £10 4n make a. declaration to his lawyer next day,, but I could not consent. To Mr Roelin : Was a' friend of H./ Moll y's; was offered amount stated to purge myself; was in conversation with the two' Molloys ; Molloy said t* his brother, I, wonder if. I'll be for lunate enough to get. a tenant such. ,as you have at-Mandorama, to which tt. Molloy replied you would be as well without. M, Molloy did not say I think it pretty rough for. a man -to lay out £50 on a house, and then have an action brought against him ; never ? isaid Bennett was foolish to go on with \ the case as he had not a leg to stan^ on ; a eon of mine was in Bennett's '. employ ; never heard Bennett 'say he : would shut his shop up for ;the am* '; venience of Molloy while the work.' was being done ; never undertook the ; removal of roof and fixture of same on ' ne.v building in two days'; theVbuiJd- ' ng.was something; like 20 feetvwide by 30 feet long ; w s allowed extra remuneraiifin-fo» alterations ; know G. lowlands, but never conversed with him. upon. the subject ;, mentioned rthe; matter to J; Bembrick, but nexr ', hi ade. reference to.Bennett'aphanoe of success, or othprwiBfr.; Bennett cer-. .- ,aMily took exception, to the old house t -eing pulled down until the com pie-, tion of the new one j was very -careful: in my undertaking ; a tarpaulin was. erected for the protection of the inmates -, always considered Bennett, and Molloy Irionds of mine. To Mr Murray : The roof was the last thing pat on the house, the completion of which took three days. To the Judge : It iru not possible for Bennett to' carry on his barber's business. T. J. Bennett recalled: At the request of the carpenter nnder Winter bottom 1 went to Bembrick for timber, but conld not secure a purchase with out an order from Molloy. To Mr Boelin : I was always out of bed when Winterbottom came to his work. 0\. Schmidt deposed : Am a black smith residing at Mandnrama; am well acquainted with Molloy; also know Bennett, who asked me to look at his house, and observed the leak age, and advised him to appoach \- Molloy in expectation of having some * thing done; later on Bennett said . Molloy had inspected the house. In the course of a. day or so men were . put on to pull the hoiiBe down ; Bennett objected, saying that he did \- not want all his barbering utensils spoilt; when questioned about his approval of same with Molloy he said yes, but that he did not desire the chimney removed until the other place was started ; he sanctioned wil lingness to pat np with any inoon renience, consenting to dose his shop a fortnight; Bennett lodged com plaints about the structure of the . house being too cramped, and enquired of the carpenter if a mistake had not been made in the plan, and as to whether it ? could mot be rectified ; .Molloy effected the deficiency at extra cost, and the work completed. ? Winterbottom said Bennett intended sneing Molloy and that he was to act as witness for the latter, as he beard , all thati.bad taken place; Winterbot tom d*id not con ider Bennett bad 'a ghost of a show.' To Mr Murray: Bennett told ne more than once he was prepared to \--.put up with exposure; noticed on* man refuse a shave; it was on the suggestion of Bennett I made reference to building a house on my sister's ground from which I afterwards with drew my consent. To Mr Roelin: It was when the contract was neai-ing completion I . spoke re my sister's land. '..... . G. Rowlands, farmer, and J. Bern brick, storekeeper at Mandurama, cor roborated evidence of previous wit nesses, the latter stating he was aware of nothing detrimental to the 'honesty of purpose of Mr Winterbot tom. * After a lengthy address delivered by both banisters and judge, The jury retired, and after 15 minutes' absence recorded a verdict in . favor of defendant. 