THE GHOST OF HEYTON GRANGE. ! ? 0***- (Sk OME years ago I j7i * 1 met ' Uasooyne '3& V dressed in a suit *L ^^~ y. °* Scotch gray l^^^fjmiX *P°rtin» Clothe*. -fV'- ' \Wm 1 It WM ** * r»u M&L; \mMJ - w*y 6tB*ion' Md ^\Wm& ne nan ?neeiae Vjjfj^ him his (tun-tsase and fishing-rods. Knowing that he was not a man to spend a great deal -of money on tie-own pleasure, I guessed at once that he had been lucky eboagh to receive an invitation .from «ome one who possessed fishing and shooting rights. ' Hallo, Gassoyue,*' I said, as Ioame up with him, ' what's tne game now 1 ThiB looks something like buiiness.' 'Ah, my boy,'' says he, ' I should think it does, too. ' Old Jefforson has been looking, out for a country place for some time, you know, and he has managed tofindoneup in the north at a marvellously cheap rent. He's taken ft for twelve months,, and if he likes it he has the chance of buying it at a ridiculous figure. ' Why, what's the matter with \t3' I said. 'Oh, nothing,* he replied, ' that I know of, but it doesn't suit the owner for some reason, and he has had it ou bis hands foi-Ta very long time And could not let it, and 1 suppose be got tired of it and thought ho would get rid of it at any price. Jefferson writes me that it is really a grand place, with some glorious shooting and fishing, and a revlly magnificent house, and he's asked me to go and have a month's sport. I thought it was too good a chance to be missed, and .so I packed up my traps at once, and Fin off.' At that the train came op, and after see ing him comfortably, settled . in a corner seat and wishing him good sport aud a high old time I. strode away. What was my surprise, in a little more than a week afterwards, to meet him one evening in tbe High-street as I was return ing from business. ? ' Wbjr, -Gascoyne,' I said, ' whatever has brought you back again so soon } I thought you were going to stay a month.' ' Never a month would I stay at that place for any price,' he replied ; *' but come, let us walk up to tbe Ring of Bells at tbe end of the village. We ebaU be quiet there, and I'll tell you all about it. It makes me feel so queer every time I think of it that 1 really can't tell you without a glass of something.' We went up to the old inn, and before a comfortable glass and blazing fire we lit our pipes, and be commenced : — 'Jefferson was right when he said he had a splendid place. It's' fallen into disrepair a little through being untenanted so long ; but Heyton Grange, as it is called, ie a regular country mansion, with a magnifi cent hall, fine large entertaining rooms, and 1 don't know how many bedrooms up stairs. I found he'd invited quite a number of fellows, and intended having a regular shooting party slaying in the house, but he had asked me uii a day or two in ad - vance, eo that we could have a quiet time together before the rest came. ' We had three most enjoyable days TtiB country round was magnificent. We had a few idle shots, and cast a fly or two for trout as we sauntered along, talking of old times, and these lazy trials were suffi cient to show uk that we should have fine sport when we commenced in earnest. We spent these days alone, and Jefferson and I slept together during that time, for we are old friends, as you know, nnd I liked better to be with him than to be in tbe room allotted to me in the far off wast wing until that part of tbe bouse was occu pied by some of the other visitors. On the fourth day they name. We had a glorious time of it, and went to bed tired out. I dropped 'to1 sleep at once, but after some two hours I woke up bathed in a cold per spiration and with a terrible feeling that I could not account for. '* Whether I had been dreaming or not I could not tell, but I raised myself on one arm and looked around the room, and there right by the foot of tbe bed I sate— the bust of a woman, as though the body had been cut through at the waist. 'The face was as white as marble and the eyes seemed to look beseechingly upon me. Terrified, 1 was unable to stir, and tbe figure gradually floated away and disap peared through the panels of the wall, heaving as it did so a low, deep sigh. 'Of course, sleep was impossible after that. I lay in a state of terror until morn ing, but 1 managed to drop into a troubled, broken slumber as daylight appeared, and slept on uueasily until I was startled by a knock at the door, and the announcement that the first breakfast bell bad rung. I wenl down to breakfast with the effects of the night's apparition still upon me, though wearing away and growing fainter every moment, and before I bad fiuished my second cup of coffee, what I had supposed to be the usual query in such cases arose in my mind — Could I, after all, have fancied that the apparition appeared ? ' Was it possible that it could be the ?esult of a disordered imagination ? In the light I bad made up my mind to tell my friend what had occurred and leave the louse at once, but now 1 feared the ridicule )f the compony, and was, indeed, likely loon to laugh myself a'nd wonder bow 1 sould have been so superstitious. I raised uy head and began to join in the convcrsa iion and to talk over the arrungen onls for mother day's sport, when at the far end of .he table I noticed a gentleman who aughed the loudest yesterday, and whose ?allies had amused us nil, but who was now lileut and taciturn. ' ' He seemed quite unable to do justice *- the good things provided by our hoBt, tnd only answered in monosyllables when ipokeu to. It was evident that his mind van ill at ease, and that he was labouring under some strong excitement. As soon as breakfast was over I sought him out and eaid to him— ' I am afraid something has happened to disturb you ; you were in such excellent spirits we we parted last night and -seemed so very different at the table this morning that I feel sure something must be the matter.' ' ' No,' he replied. ' I'm all right, thanks ; I certainly don't feel very lively just now, but.it will wear off presently.' ' ' Perhaps you didn't have a good night's rest !' I rejoined, speaking slowly and pointedly. ' ? Well.' he said, ' I cannot Bay that I did, but I do not wish to speak of it ; it would only put Jeffer'On about/ *' ' Tell me,' I srnd, ' di 1 anything dis turb you ? Did you nee anything ?' and in my oagernees I laid my hand upon his shoulder. ' ' I did,' ho said ; ' why do you ask V ' * Because I saw something myself ; what did you see f ' 1 1 saw,' he said, and shuddered as he spoke. ? tie bust of a 'woman cut off at tbe waist 1' ' * Precisely what I have eeen io toe night 1'X ejaculated. ' I saw it at the foot of -my tod, and it seemed to disappear through the pe.net of the walL Ie your room in the west wing at the ^nd of the great passage f '?' It is,' he replied. ' ' Then the apparition mast have en tered your room when it left mine, for you are evidently sleeping in the next room to, me. What is to be done 3* ' * We cannot sfuy.&ad; I aertamiy do not like the idea of breaking up the party. - ' Well, we talked it over long and earnestly, and at lust arraneed to stay that night at any rate and see if it visited us again. ' After .another day's . sport,, during which we forgot onr fears, night came on, and we once more retired to our rooms, but not to bed. I was very tired, and 1. sat up watching until long past the time the ap parition had appeared oh the previous night, and then overcome with fatigue I threw aside my feats, and throwing my self on the bed was asleep in a moment. 'I could not have slept very long — not many minutes— when I awoke with a start, and I felt -at once that the thing was by me. In terror I opened my eyes. Oh, horrors) The ' bust of the woman was lying by my side on the bed, with her head upon the pillow ] ?' What Happened after that I do not know, for I must have lost consciousness for a moment, and when 1 recovered the fearful thing had vanished. I jumped from the bed and rushed instantly into my neighbour's room, but he was lying upon ths rug in a dead faint. I loosened his collar and poured cold water on hie face, end as he opened his eyes and revived a little I made him take a good draught of brandy from my hunting flask which I had with me. '?He quickly came to himself, and sitting up ho told me he had dozed off in his chair and bad been suddenly awakened by tbe touch of a death-cold hand upon his fore head, and found tbe apparition close to him, gating with entreaty in her eyes into bis face. Overcome with horror he had fainted away as I found him. ' We sat together and talked long and earnestly, and at length decided that we would make tbe best excuse to our host, urging some sudden call back to our homes, and would. leave the house that mor&ing.; I am afraid Jefferson must have felt hurt at our sudden departure, but stay we could not, so we came away, and here I am.' Gascoyne and I sat talking and con jecturing about the mysterious visitant un til late that night. Weeks and months passed, and it gradu ally became only a terrible memory of which we spoke now and again, until one day Gascoyne knocked hurriedly at my door, and saying in an excited manner, *' Put on your bat and come with me,' he led me without a word to tbe old Riner of Bells. As Boon as we were seated in the little room behind the bar he began hur riedly— ' I've just had a letter from Jefferson. He had a Christmas party «t Heyton last week and one of the cmoRta whn hml hnAn placed in the room I slept in shrieked out that nhe had seen a ghost, and when they had calmed her sufficiently to speak coher ently she declared that it took the form of the bust of a woman. Jefferson remembered our hasty flight and tbe curiously embar rassed way in which we made our excuses for leaving him so suddenly, and believing now that it must bave been in some way connected with the apparition that bo terri fied his lady visitor, he made up hu mind there and then that together with the bravest of his visitors he would himself watch on tbe following night. He did so, and soon after midnight the restless spirit returned once more. He and bis friend nerved themselves and spoke to it, demand ing tbe reason for its presence in the bouBe. It gazed upon them for a moment, and beckoning them to follow it floated out and led them through a secret door on the top landing into a small room under the roof, where they found a worm-eaten chest, into which the apparition seemed to disappear. They rushed downstairs, and quickly returning with two or three men servant* they broke open the lid and were horrified to discover the lower part of n woman's body, which, from its decomposed state, had evidently been there foe years. Upon inquiry they learned that a long time before a murder had been committed, and the murderer, who was the unfortunate woman's husband, had severed bis victim ut the waist, and that her bust having been dis covered it had beeu buried in tbe church yard, but that search for tbe lower part of the body bad been in vain. As soon as Jefferson aud his friends could arrauge with the authorities the ghastly object in the trunk had been buried beBide tbe bust.' That was Oascoyne's tale, and be was able to inform me from a further communi cation he received from Jefferson that the midnight visitant had never appeared again My friend was a man for whom I enter tained the highest regard, aud I had every reason to believe in hiB integrity. He declared to me that every part of this strange narrative is true, and I bave never been inclined to doubt it. 