A SENSATIONAL EXPOSE. THE SURENNE SEANCE. IT WAS BROKEN UP. A SCEPTICAL YOUNG LADY. THE MEDIUM SHOWN UP. REMARKABLE REVELATIONS. A bald and insufficient account of a scene which occurred at a so-called spiritualistic seance in Gore street, Fitz- roy, on Wednesday evening, the 2nd inst., was recently published. There were details and dramtic inci- dents connected with it which, taken altogether, weave into an interesting and instructive story. It may prove particularly instructive to the very many persons who, in spite of the exposure by Maskeleyne of many frauds worked under the guise of materialism, and the detection of such clever charlatans as Foster, Slade, and others, are still firm in their conviction that our departed friends are permitted to communicate with us in this terrestrial sphere in some way or another, and even to reveal them- selves to our vision. THE MEDIUM. Mrs Surenne is a lady by no means of ethereal or spirituelle appearance. She is of commanding stature, her inches being not less than sixty-eight or sixty- nine. Her physique is that of a power- ful woman, and, withal, far from ungrace- ful. Added to this, the lady has un- doubtedly considerable elocutionary and dramatic powers, and a flow of what is admittedly admirably chosen language. This is the lady who was the central figure of the most exciting scene on Wed- nesday evening in the private residence of a respectable resident of Fitzroy, who has a leaning towards spiritualism, and invited Mrs Surenne to become his guest, as he. like many others, desired to investi- gate. THE GLOVED SPIRIT. For a considerable time Mrs Surenne was before the Sydney spiritualistic world as a powerful medium, whose manifesta- tions of materialised spirits were most re- markable. Even in the northern capital there were doubters, but, on the whole, the lady seems to have held her own. A few weeks ago she came to Melbourne, and was at first domiciled in East Melbourne, and there gave select seances before limited gatherings of the most pronounced be- lievers. When she removed to Gore street, however, there was a more roomy apartment at her disposal, and her audiences were not only more numerous, but also included, not only genuine in- quirers, but confessed unbelievers. The consequence was that differences very soon arose. One young married lady, who was an investigator, was permitted to touch the hand of one of the materialised spirits. Not being altogether credulous this young lady had her wits about her, and she after- wards openly declared that the spirit wore—a thread glove. For this audacious statement, she was dubbed by the apostles of the medium a person with no very profound love of the truth. There were others who had their doubts from what they observed at the seances, but had not had the opportunity the young lady had had of putting them to the test. At the same time, they were inclined to inquire with a perfectly open mind, and were impressed with Mrs Surenne's man- ner, delivery and language. Amongst these was a well-known member of the legal profession. THE WIDOW AND HER NIECE. The differences became so distinct, that it was decided by the "committee" who conducted the business that the seance on Wednesday evening should be open only to ladies and gentlemen who were in sym- pathy with the medium, or were, at least, earnest inquirers after the truth. Admis- sion was by ticket, the fee being half-a- crown each. As it transpired, about thirty-four were sold. At any rate, ladies and gentlemen to that number assembled on Wednesday evening. Amongst them was an elderly lady—seeming- ly about 55 years of age—who was dressed in the semi-mourning of later widowhood, and was accompanied by a retiring looking young lady, who was understood to be the elder lady's niece. These two were the most prominent figures in the denouement which occurred later in the evening. THE CABINET. The audience having assembled, those who had not been at one of Mrs Surenne's seances before had an opportunity of tak- ing in the surroundings. The room was a spacious one for a private house in such a suburb as Fitzroy. Along each of its longer walls there was a row of seats, and there were five rows of chairs in the middle of the room, with a very narrow passage between them. The light was afforded by two kerosene lamps, with ruby shades, attached to the walls at a considerable distance from the end, where there was a structure which was to answer as a cabinet, in which the medium was to invoke the spirits. This cabinet, if it may be so described, was at the end of the room furthest from the door, and was formed with the aid of two uprights fixed several feet out from the wall, and ap- parently a couple of hooks in the wall itself. The sides and front were of white calico, the front being open down the centre, so that it could be opened or closed like ordinary window curtains. At the back black silesia, or some similar mate- rial, hung down the wall as could be seen when the front was drawn aside. The cabinet was about six feet high. OPENING DEVOTIONS. Everyone being in place, the proceed- ings commenced. Mrs Surenne, clad in a garment of dark, or black, material, and in fashion something like a loose and flow- ing dressing-gown, delivered an address, which gradually merged into a prayer or invocation, and then into hysterical ut- terances. Up to the last stage the lan- guage had been well-chosen, and well spoken. When the hysterical stage ar- rived the medium retired into the cabinet, and the front curtains were drawn. It had been previously shown that there was nothing within the cabinet. THEY SANG IN THE SHADE. . As soon as the front of the cabinet was closed, by drawing the two portions of the calico together, a gentleman, who ap- peared to act as conductor, or master of ceremonies, invited those present to en- gage in singing. It appeared to be thought that the exercise of vocal powers tended to bring the audience into a pro- per state of mind to appreciate the weird things to be disclosed to them. At the same time, the two lamps were turned down, till the light afforded, through their ruby shades, was something less than the "dim religious light" associated with hoary cathedrals and other ecclesiastical edifices. It enabled the spectators to distinguish ob- jects at some time distance, put not to fully take in their details. One could not read in it even with the hook close to the eyes. THE FIRST SPIRIT. The singing lasted from five to ten minutes, during which time the medium was within the cabinet, and, of course, out of view of the spectators. The legal gentleman we have referred to had gained one of the foremost seats, some eight or nine feet from the cabinet, and he states that during the pauses which occurred at times in the singing, he dis- tinctly heard rustling sounds from with- in the cabinet, as though clothes were being handled and moved about. Before ten minutes had elapsed after the me- dium had disappeared, the front cur- tains parted a little, and what appeared like human hands and arms, from which fell great folds of diaphonous or cloud- like material, commenced to wave about in view of the spectators. Most of those present were awe-struck, and there was dead silence for a moment or two, till the master of ceremonies spoke. Ad- dressing the spirit, he asked if it would not come out, and let the sitters see it. In response, the wierd visitor from the "vasty deep" moved out from the cabinet quietly, noislessly, and majestically, and was dimly visible. There appeared to be clouds of the same gauzy material about it as was first seen, and waving from its arms. It was interrogated by the master of ceremonies, and answered by nodding or shaking its head, and final- ly retired. VARIEGATED GHOSTS. Other visitors from the spirit world fol- lowed, to the number of nine or ten. One was a child, apparently not four feet high, and another was a remarkablly tall spirit, known as "Excelsior." He inti- mated his name by proudly pointing up- wards. The man of law was permitted to approach and touch this figure, and his declaration is that he undoubtedly felt a very material hand, but he also saw and recognised the nose and features of Mrs Surenne, the medium, though they seemed to be whitened in some way, and pre- sented a ghastly appearance. He re- turned to his seat, but said nothing at the time to his companions, excepting that it was a very substantial ghost. Other people approached and touched the hands of other spirits. THE CHARMING CAPRICIA. The last spirit called forth by the medium was one known as Capricia. He was tail and slight, with graceful bear- ing, and very dark complexion. On his head was what looked like a circlet of feathers. Despite his un-Indian name Capricia was, while on earth, a North American Indian. He spoke a kind of pigeon English and had evidently been Christianised and civilised, either in his native wilds or in the "happy hunting grounds," for he allowed himself to be familiarly addressed as "cap." without evincing the slightest de- sire to reap the scalps of those who thus irreverently spoke to him. LO, THE POOR INDIAN. "Capricia" was well-known to several of those present, who had seen him at Mrs Surenne's seances before. The young married lady, whose veracity had been rudely impeached, had declared that "Capricia" was nothing more spiritual than Mrs Surenne wearing a black gos- samer veil, long dark gloves, and a fea- ther boa, made up as a head circlet. But the young lady was absent on Wednesday evening—or was believed to be. In her place the elderly lady in mourning put in a plea to be allowed to speak with "Cap- ricia." She wished to hear something of her departed dear one from the other world. Permission was accorded and the old lady hobbled forward. It was seen that she wore gold-rimmed spectacles, and assisted herself in walking with a stick, as though suffering from sciatica. This old lady entered into conversation with "Capricia," and at last asked permission to introduce her niece, but besought the Indian ghost not to frighten the "poor dear," as she had never seen a spirit be- fore. THE DENOUEMENT. The "poor dear" went tremblingly for- ward, and was duly presented, and next moment there was a scene in, and in front of, that cabinet that beg- gars description. The old lady in spec- tacles was, in fact, none other than the young married woman, whose statements had been rudely discredited. She had de- termined to show that she was right, and therefore, had been to a well-known thea- trical hairdresser, and had been artistic- ally "got up" for the occasion, as in no other way would she have been able to effect the exposure, she was determined upon.. As soon as her "daughter" joined her in front of "Capricia" each took one of the Indian's hands, and the next moment the dis- guise was torn from the "ghost" and none other than the medium was strug- gling with the lady visitor on the floor. Mrs Surenne, as stated, is a powerful woman, and fought determinedly, but her assailant was nimble and managed first to secure a dress, boots and other articles of clothing, and then to spring from the cabinet. TREMENDOUS TO-DO. All this occupied but a moment, but as may be supposed, the room was in a perfect uproar. Men sprang forward and women screamed, and some nearly fainted. Among those who sprang to the cabinet was the lawyer, and he says that he found Mrs Surenne squatting on the floor with black stockings on, but other- wise so scantily clad that she was trying to hide herself behind her dress- ing gown. The lawyer brought off as spoils a pair of white stockings and the lady's corset. DISENCHANTMENT. The "old lady" bears a few bruises as marks of her struggle; there are various articles of female attire and a quantity of muslin-like material in the hands of several persons, and—Mrs Surenne has re- tired from the scene of the exploits, tak- ing her spirits with her At the back of where the cabinet was there has been found a gas bracket fixed to the wall, and attached to this several pieces of string. It is now seen that when the "spirits" were asked to show that the medium was still in the cabinet they pulled up Mrs Surenne's discarded clothes to the gas bracket, so as to make them, in the dim light, look like Mrs Surenne herself. And a young woman who resides in the house says that on Tuesday Mrs Surenne hung out to air yards and yards of gauzy mate- rial similar to that annexed by the spoilers. 