THE GOVERNOR AT NOWRA. A CORDIAL RECEPTION. (BY OTTO SPECIAL, REPORTER.) His Excellency Earl Beauchamp visited Nowra yesterday, and the occasion was made one for great rejoicing on the part of the residents of the district generally. The Governor travelled by special tram, which left Redfern station shortly after half-past 7 in the morning. The vice-regal party also included Major the late, Robert Lindsay, A.n.D., Archbishop Smith, the Rev. W. I. Carr Smith (rector of St. James', Sydney), and the Rev. R. Griffiths (chaplain to Dr. Saumarez Smith). . Cloudy weather prevailed, and there were occasional showers, but at other times glimpses of sunshine burst over the country. During a considerable portion of the journey the atmosphere was clear enough for the Governor to got opportunities for admiring the varied scenery of the coast, and especially those parts of it in which the Pacific Ocean plays so important a part. The train was run with great punctuality so that the residents of the district of Shoalhaven who had assembled at the station at Nowra had no cause to complain of having to wait. The train was timed to reach Nowra station shortly before 11. Elaborate preparations had been made at the station nut! tree in the town of' Nowra for impressing the Governor with the intense loyalty of the people to the Queen, and the delight with xx birds they had come his Excellency. The station itself looked exceedingly gay. His town bail not only given itself up to holiday in honour of the occasion, but the principal people of the district had entered con amore into the task of decorating the main streets, All the visitors were in nell impressed with the skill that had been exercised and the taste displayed. Chief among the decorations was a massive arch that spanned June- tion street. This had been constructed on a generous scale, The district is noted for producing an infinite variety of trees and shrubs, and those had been laid under contribution, so that an arch of welcome, which was to be worthy of the district and at the same time to illustrate its remarkable fertility, should, with other things, bespeak to the Governor a most hearty welcome. The arch had a charm which is frequently lacking in structures of the kind-that as, it was judiciously put together, so that there was no suggestion of straining after effect. Then at frequent intervals lines of gay coloured flags were suspended across the streets. The principal business places, moreover, rando capital displays of , bunting, and were also set out' with boughs of wattle in bloom, as well as foliage. And lost there should be the slightest fear of misconstruing what all those preparations really signified, there was a " Welcome to Earl Beauchamp" here, a Greeting to the Gover- nor" there, on " God Save the Queen " somewhere else. It had been in contemplation to carry out the decorations on an even more ambitious scale than that followed, but the severity of the weather experienced recently had operated in such a way as to prevent that intention from being acted upon. The decorations might have been on a larger scale, but they could not possibly have signified in a fuller degree than they did the abounding loyalty of the people of the district and the zeal displayed , . , ., with a view to showing the high esteem in which Earl Beauchamp is regarded by the people of that district. The demonstration organised in honour of the , visit of the Governor was of a twofold nature. Some distance intervenes between the railway station and the boundaries of the town. As copious rains had fallen for some weeks if not months past the soil of the district had become saturated with water. So much rain had fallen that in many places what in ordinary seasons , are simply dry flats had been converted into lagoons. The pasty if not watery condition of the country had to be taken into account by those who planned the demonstration, Hence the procession was composed of two sections. First there was the cavalcade section, which was constr- < stated by the reception committee, the police, as well as the Lancer escort, and a large number of residents of the district who either . , possess or had hired buggies or other vehicles for the occasion. The names of the cavalcade had driven or ridden over to the station to receive the Governor. The Lancer escort, of which the district is justly proud, consisted of the Berry Half-squadron, which was under the command of Lieutenant Alexander Hay, with whom was Lieutenant H. Osborne. At the railway station Earl Beauchamp was welcomed by Mr. D. Davis, member for the district, with whom was Mr. Terry, M.L.A., and also by the Mayor (Alderman Blackmore) and the aldermen of the borough. In addition to the Mayor there present Alderman M. H. Morton, D. Hyam, 0. Graham, F. Oke, J. Crawford, Dr. King, and Z. G. Bice, Alderman T. Shepherd (Berry), Dr. John Hay, , Mr. H D. Morton, Mr. John Stewart. Dr. U. B. ' Stoney, Mr. P. Walsh, and also Messrs. F.«W. Flult, J.P., 0. Lamond, T. Britton, and 0 J. B. Watson (of too Agricultural Society) and many others. After an informal welcome had been extended to Earl Beauchamp at the railway station and some of the leading residents of the district had been introduced to his Excellency, the cavalcade was formed and was soon on the way to the town of Nowra. ] At the Nowra Bridge Hotel the second section of the procession was encountered. It was the section , which was on foot, and as there were included in it a considerable number of school children it had been deemed wise to relieve it of the inconvenience and tod of marching over the sloppy roads which intervened between the place where it was drawn up and the station. NOXXTU has not at present a town band, and therefore it was content to rest under an obliga- tion To Bony in respect of having the services of its organised musicians. Pro minout in the concourse of people which had assembled to do honour to the Governor was a number of members of the local lodges of Oddfellows ; but more conspicuous still wore the members of the local fire brigade, part of whose equip- ment includes some helmets, which were so highly burnished that if the sun had only been Raining upon them they would have been dazzling in their bril- * fancy. The foot section of the procession was ' assigned a position in advance of the mounted section ; but before this phase had been reached ther s had been a temporary bait, and the children, supported by the adults with whom they were associated and left by the band, had sung the National Anthem. The reinforced cavalcade then marched by way of several of the main streets of Nowra to the post- * , office, where it was found there was an assemblage numbering about 1000 persons, Here a formal but none the less hearty welcome was extended to his " Excellency. In travelling by train Earl Beauchamp had excellent opportunities for judging of the productiveness of the district, and he saw evidences on every hand that whatever the other i it is tries of the district might be, the dairying industry was one for the successful prosecution of which that portion of - - the colony had become famous. There are other industries of great importance, not forgetting that connected with the collieries, but it is the details connected with the dairying industry especially which imports to the district many picturesque effects. Then there are many natural pastures over which - tourists become enthusiastic. His Excellency had not had opportunity of seeing very many of the attractive features of the district. But this was a disadvantage that had been anticipated to some extent. So it had been resolved that while the customary address of welcome should not be omitted it should be accompanied by an album embrac- ing a series of views which would impress upon the mind of his Excellency some of the more remarkable features of the district. The photographs were local productions coming from the studio of Mr. Samuel Cocks, of Kiama. They were mounted and bound in excellent style by Mr. John Dando, of Sydney. The address of welcome was also included in the album. The address was in these terms : " May it please your Excellency, " We, the Mayor, aldermen, and residuals of the Municipality of Nowra, desire to accord to you a most cordial welcome to our town and the district of Shoalhaven, and to convey to you as the representative of our Most Gracious Sovereign, Queen Victoria, the expression of our devoted loyalty to her Ma jesty's throne and poison. It is much regretted by us that this your first visit to our district is so . limited in duration, but we trust that the reminiscences of your tour will be so pleasant that on a a future occasion time will favour your obtaining'. ,', ?', . more adequate idea of its great natural beauties and' i' " manifold resources, We greatly appreciate the energy and zeal displayed by your Lord ship in the exercise of your high official duties, and also the keen desire you have evinced to become acquainted with the whole of our colony and to place yourself in touch with the institutions and interests of our community. We sincerely trust that during the period of your na- ' . - ' ministration you may be favourably impressed with Australia, and that throughout the distinguished and influential career which welfool assured awaits you in the councils of our nation, you will over be able to testify to the indissoluble attachment existing in the hearts of the Australian people toward the great Empire of which we are privileged to form an integral part. > - '- Again tendering you our heartiest welcome, we , are your Excellency's most obedient servants, the Mayor, aldermen, and residents of Nowra. " (Signed on their behalf) IVUIET. P. BLACK- ' HEBE, Mayor ; C. GRAHAM, Alderman." Earl Beauchamp acknowledged the gift of the album, and intimated that he had accepted the invitation of Dr. Hay to revisit a part of that district on the occasion of the holding of the Berry show. ' The format acknowledgment by his Excellency of the address of welcome is as follows: " To the Mayor and Aldermen of the Municipal District of Nowra. I receive with gratification your address of welcome to me, as the representative in New South Wales of the Queen, to your district. I note with satisfaction the expressions of loyalty and attachment to the throne and person of her Majesty embodied in your address, and I feel sure that our Sovereign has no more devoted subjects than the residents in this portion of her dominions. I am indeed pleased to have been permitted to take this opportunity of visiting your district, even though my * stay with you on tht'soceasionis of short duration, but I shall look forward with interest to another more lengthy visit to this portion of the colony at a later period." Three cheers were given for the Queen, and also three for his Excellency the Governor. Earl Beauchamp and party were next driven to the corner of Berry and Plunkett streets, where the erection has been commenced of a larger church than that already in existence upon the same site. His Excellency had signified that it would be MR pleasure to lay the foundation-stone of the building.. Preparations had been made accordingly. A mar Sure had been eroded over the city, and a temporary s -w as had been constructed. And the interest taken off in the function was shown by a large concourse of class of people gathering at the spot. What had led to the I 51 resolve being arrived at to erect a new church was is indicated by the scroll, which had been prepared for [J insertion in the glass jar which was to be placed in '} the cavity under the foundation-stone The scroll J v, as to the effect that "In the year 1836 the then as incumbent of the parish, the Rev. T Best, originated as a fund with the intention of erecting a church suit is" able to the requirements of this growing town and M congregation A sum of 100 14s 6d was raved, and 4 has been lying in the bank at interest ever since About 12 months ago the rector, the Rev H M j( Trickett, thought that the time had arrived for i< another effort to be made towards the building of a a new church, and the result of that effort is seen to- it day A contract has been signed with Mr Alex J! Johnston, of Berry, for the sum 01 £1079, and it is J hoped that the edifice valley completed by the new A year The dimensions of the church will be as far ! lows, viz? "Hit. in lo 19th, 38ft in breadth, and i vaults 13ft in height The latter will be of rod Bligh 4, brick outside, and local nek monde, and the roof of will be an open timbered and stated one Accoin a model on will be provided for 277 people " * In addition to the Governor there were present Í Archbishop Smith, the Revs W I Carr Smith, R > GnOiths, G A D'Arcy Iramo, H. M Trickett 1 (rector), Newton, G H Muzy Gerard loved, ! Luke Parr, K Inglis, and C T M'Coy There were ; also among tlio-oSprcicnr, Mr A G Rico, Mr A W a Kingsmill, Dr Binney, Dr King, the Mayor (Alder ley man Blackmore), Di He), Mr Mark Morton, and I Mr Irauklajlcr The services usual on such occa- 1 Mons VASS conducted, and a 'tea or trowel with mallet was presented to the Governor by the Rev. H M I trickett After the matter had been spread-an J essential which was performed by Earl Beauchamp is with great case-the stone as is lowered and the spent loved applied Then came the bedding Ups with the mallet Xho tests proa in/' satisfactory, his Excellency pronounced this formula " In the faith of Christ, and with pray el for the loving of Got, I lay this foundation-stone of a church to be called All Saints', in the name of the 1 ether, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost Amen A Archbishop Smith thanked the Governor most I heartily for taking the trouble to come there in con s nection with the laying of that foundation-stone, I and expressed her entire sympathy with the under taking the people of lb it parish And entered upon and his hopefulness that lUiaould pro pc i Earl Beauchamp expressed the pleasure it had 5 given him to lay the foundation stone, acknowledged j the gift of the trowel and mallet-, and urged the people to set before themselves as an object the 1 opening of the church free of debt > Offerings were next laid upon the stone. It was subsequently ascertained > that they amounted to t £137, including £140 already in the bank Cheers were given for the Governor, and similar compliments were paid to the Archbishopric others who had taken part in the proceedings The \ National Anthem va as also sung i An adjournment (was next made to the 1 School of Arts, where arrangements had been made for entertaining the Governor I at luncheon The had had been decorated with considerable skill by a number of ladies, I who included Mrs Blackmore Mrs Arthur Morton, î Miss Gaden Miss Blackmore, the Misses Watson j i), and the Misses Rice (o) The company included J a considerable proportion of ladies and numbered Î 120 in all The chair was occupied by the Mayor J After," the Queen " had been loyally honoured the J Mayor proposed the toast of " His Excellency 1915 | Governor," and in doing so expressed an earnest hope that Earl Beauchamp might be long spared to take is a brilliant part in the administration of the moment ' tons affairs of our mighty Empire (Cheers ) ( The toast was as -frank with great enthusiasm, the band playing first ' A Fine Old English Geutlo I man," and afterwards Tor He s a Jolly Good t yellow," and the company cheering in honour of the Governor- of Earl Beauchamp (who was received with ap I plause) thanked the company for the way in j any which they had received the rather 11 entering S Words' which the Major had been good enough to propose the toast of his health It had been v a real pleasure for him to come there, Especially in view of the enthusiastic welcome they had ex j. tended to him, and va Inch he hoped he might even if I go to say without undue arrogance was given to a sum not only because he was the representative of V Her Majesty, but also on some personal grounds I (Cheers.) It had been a real pleasure he could it assure them to come to Noaaiu that day it had a given him an opportunity of seeing that all the beautiful scenery of New South Wales was not con- centrated upon i Sydney Harbour, although; some peo a mile talked as if that was so (Laughter and loud > cheers ) | ' I'nihamcul " was proposed by Alderman J Grab mi and responded to by Mr D Davis and Mr E Terry, Ms L A i "The Visitors " was submitted by Mr r Mary Nott and responded to by Archbishop Smith) kill Beauchamp rose to propose the toast of " Success to the Municipality and District," and was received with cheers He very heartily wished that J mun cipality and district success They all know how the colony had lately been suffering from drought they would, he was sure, j am -j with him in an expression of thank ; fullness that the rain seemed to have visited that portion of the colony where it was 1.1 wanted more than it va is in tins iii3tnet-the outfit lying western portions of the colony (Applause ) $ the people of this district we e lucky in living under a constitution which gave them every possible liberty, and allowed them to do as they liked There was nothing to prevent them gaining for themselves prosperity and he hoped a competency (Applause ) that it should be so under the laws of this country was a circumstance they should be thankful for, especially when they considered that it it was not so in other countries of the world He .] believed that in the past they had by the exercise of i j luck and self- sacrifice and hard work been able to a secure considerable success, and he believed the same 3 qualities would enable them in secure greater 11 openly in the future (Cheers ) His Excellency , f submitted the toast coupled with the names of Alderman Morton and Dr John Hay The toast was received with much cordiality, and was responded to by Alderman m Morton and Dr , John Hay Alderman Morton testified to the prosperous condition in which the borough was, and expressed his warm approval of the movement which had been a halted for the purpose of securing an amalgams * non of many of the municipalities F Dr John Hay referred to the rapid growth of that district, and said that it was occupied by harmonious and hard-working ticople-people as he did a not " wait for things to turn up,' but put their hands t to the plough and bent their back, and in that way had made the district what it was. But, notwithstanding all that had been accomplished, the dis ' trict was still capable of very great extension and a- very enlarged production The toasts of " The Ladies " and " The Press ' were also honoured j. 'The Mayor and Mayoress " was submitted by the Governor, and cordially received The proceedings closed with the singing of the National Anthem ' the catering at the luncheon was carried out in a ' highly satisfactory manner by Mrs M Marcus 1 . -- 