Our Immediate Future. If evidence were wanting to prove the rapid growth of the great Methodist Churches, it is furnished by the statistics given in another column of this issue, and prepared for the official year book of our Church in England. From almost every part of the earth information reaches us of wide-spread aggressive movements, of quickened interest in the organizations of our Church, of pentecostal revivals of evan gelical religion. Sir Edward R. Russell in a recent issue of the London Tunes, has been directing attention to what he designates ' The Decay of Experimental Religion.' It is understood that his strictures, that are occasioning so much of comment in English journals have reference simply to the Anglican Com munion. Be that as it may, we are glad to know that so far from there being any symptoms of decay in the operations of the Methodist Church, she was probably never at any former period in her history as heartily progressive as she is to-day. From every part of England we hear ? of the launching of new enterprises, the raising of phenominally large sums of money, and the pressing forward of ? earnest evangelistic work. Amid the great populations of Glasgow and Edin burgh, and also in the Irish centres of Dublin and Belfast, we are taking a position not thought to be possible :a very few- years ago. Throughout ? Canada and the United States ' For ward ' is in all directions the watchword ? of the Church. By leaps and bounds our Churches are increasing ; and now a scheme is being inaugurated eclipsing even the heroically started English Twentieth Century Fund, and that aims at raising before the end of the century the sum of Twenty Million Dollars for Church extension purposes. One of the most gratifying signs of the times is the wonderful revival of interest in our Foreign Missionary oper ations. The painful cry for retrench ment ior some years forced upon the English Mission House has been changed to a call to march forward. In India and in Chiua especially the finger of God points to a widespread awakening. Probably the most satisfactory fact on these lines that to-day meets us is the remarkable revival in Fiji. We have read of nothing like it for many years past. The genius of aggression is, thank God, seizing our Churches in other lands in a manner that calls for earnest expressions of thanksgiving. But what of our own colony ?of New South Wales? There are not wanting those amongst us who would describe our work and prophecy as to our future in anything but optimistic phrase. True, there are many things in our circuit and con nexional life that occasion us concern, but the outlook all around is of a much brighter character -fcha-n -some are pre pared to admit. Whether or not the coming Con ference will sanction the proposals for the arrangement of a Metropolitan Methodist Federation of Circuits ; what ever difference of opinion may obtain as to the establishment of a Century Com memoration Fund, we are convinced, : from our cognizance of the signs of the times that the Conference will be found turning its most serious attention to the question of the spiritual quickeningof the ? Church. For this many burdened hearts are crying unto God. There is a wide- spread conviction about that the Holy Ghost is leading us forward to a time of great blessing. We are not without hope that both the above pro posals will result in some unanimous and effective action of the Conference. For if our Church move forward in the spirit of Apostolic surrender and conse ? oration, what is there to prevent the coming of the mightiest revival ever witnessed in New South Wales — a threefold revival — carrying with it the old-fashioned converting power, the ?quickening of the conscience in the matter of giving, and an application of . the law of adaptation in the working of ? our machinery ? In the meantime we venture to call our people everywhere — in city and ? bush alike — to importunate prayer. '.Much depends upon the next Conference ? as to what shall be the character of our immediate future, and very much also \- depends upon the prayers of the Church .generally as to what shall be the action ? of the Conference itself. What New South Wales Methodism needs just now is an old-fashioned baptism of evangelising fire Thank God there are signs around us indicating the coming of such a time of power and blessings. For such signs wo are devoutly thankful to the Great Head of the Church. 