OUR LONDON LETTER. FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.! LONDON. 2nd June. While Jokyll Russia, at the Peace Con gress, -Is formulating a scheme for putting a stop to war, and substituting arbitration for the cannon and tho bayonet, Dr. Hyde Russia, n/t Pekln, Is doing its best to squeeze England out of China. Notwithstanding the refusal of the Tsung-lI-Yamen to allow t"o Russians to constviict a railway to con nect the trnns-Sihoriau line with Peking, tile Russian Minister has Informed the Chi nese authorities that he -Intends to prose cute tlio surveys, with the object of ascer taining the best route for the proposed line. The Peking mnnnger of itlie Russo-Chlnese Bunk has recently declared that It was the policy of that bank to Injure the prospects of the Nieiircliwniig railway as much as pos sible. .. The result of .the Russian .demand Is. that the negotiations -which were -pro-1 receding .between the Chinese Government nnd certninBritish syndicates for tho right to construct. rnlhvnys have been broken off; tlio Chinese assigning for t'helr conduct the same reasons as those on which the Tsuug- 11-Yninon refused the Russian demand. The Russians reiterate that their demand for the new. line accords with the supplementary nolo to -tho recent agreement with Eng- lane. Should tills contention be admitted, it 'would show that tho recent agreement lias Increased, nnd not diminished, our diffi culties .with Russia; while it has weakened our -influence In China, and caused profound dissatisfaction in Japan Another railwuy which Russia desires to make . would connect Peking with Si-ugnn-tu, which Is 500 or (100 miles to, the south-west, and within 200 miles of tho- Yaug-tsc. The negotiations -between the United Kingdom, the United States - and Canada, which came to so abrupt a conclusion last February, have not yet been renewed, nnd It Is hinted 'that Cunuda declines to be a party to any., fresh, conference, unless tho United Slates agree to refer the Alaska boundary question : to' arbitration. Tho discovery of Klondike.- has -given- a- value to territory In that part .of the North- American coutlncut .which it never-- possessed previously, and Canada. as well as. tho United States Is try ing, to drive a hard bargain. Indeed,. It' Is even hinted that Ottawa is more exacting than London, acting In the ln-tcrcsts of the whole Empire, considers prudent, and, In sists upon obtaining possession of Pyramid Harbor, at, the bond of the Lynn Canal, with a road to the boundary. The facts, so fur as I jjave been able to ascertain Lhcm, are That the Alaskan 'boundary at the1 time when Russia owned that, vast but not very valu able tract of Ice bound coast- runs in a straight line of longitude from Devastation Bay In tho Arctic Ocean to the great vol cano, Mount St. Ellas, which rises within a few miles of the Pacific. That line runs nearly 50 miles due cast of Dawson City, aiid practically- gives -to Canada all tho gold fields of the Klondike,' which arc souie 300 miles front-- the nearest point of tlio Pacific coast. From Mount St. Ellas .southward - l-uus.un Irregular range of mountains, aud lu that direction 4lie coast lino, as well, as the many Islands lying off-It, belonged originally to the Russian company. The territory hack from tho coast Is undoubtedly British Columbia, but the width of.tihe Ilqsslan, American coast line Is debatable .territory, about which no one until lately cared a Jot. But since the rush to Klondike began, the ports aud rivers oif -those, regions became valuable as the nearest access to the new Eldorado, and one , of tho best of these ap proach. . roads, that by Dyea or the White- Pass, where a railway is now working, is by the way of a curious natural Inlet, called by the- misleading name of Lynu Canal, which penetrates much further In land than any other bay towards Canad'an territory. On this channel or sound are the two towns of Dyen and Skngwny, which America . claims. But. the. sound runs be yond. there, aud the Canadians claim that tlio upper end of. Its tidal 'water crosses the boundary of .British Columbia, oven If Dyea and -Skdgwny are -properly \Auicrlcnu, .which tbe-Ciiu'ttdlaus do net- admit. Ut (Value- of an -outlet f rota -'the pass to- tidal water, without liavlug to go through an American custom house, Is enor mous, rend It Is not wonderful that the Cana dians attach great Importance to their claim. The boundary lino claimed by Canada on" be half of British 'Columbia cuts off the Lynn Channel, at; Its narrowest point, about 50 .miles below Skngway, where it Is about 10, miles -wide. The Americans dispute the Canadian contention. Sir Wilfrid Lnurler and tho State department .at Washington both profess to ho willing to arbitrate, and- each accuses the other of -placing difficulties In tho way. Each claims the whole of the. innor 'portion of the Lynn Channel, but Canada Is willing to compromise if sho can get a salt water port at the head, as it would give licr that access by son water to the Pass and -the Lake Boimett railway, -which she really wants. America refused the com promise. when ,lt was -proffered at Washing-, ton, -and tho subsequent negotiations In Lon don are enveloped In obscurity. Lord Salis bury is staled to h-avo come to what he con sidered a reasonable settlement with tho United States, but Canada refused to bo hound by Ills decision. The proper course is for the question of -rival boundary, linos to go before a suitable arbitration court, and for each party to he hound by Its decision. At ptfesout onch party to tho dispute is re-' reiving In a vicious circle, and refuses to arbitrate .unless It can be sure of gaining a favorable verdict. The, number of excuses for applications for divorce in some of the American States was so largo that it might have been considered difficult to find fresh ones. But a now pro vocation has boon discovered by a lady peti tioner whoso case is about to come before a Chicago State court. The petitioner, who married a widower, declares thai; she' Is pur sued by tho, ghost of.lior husband's first wife. Tho spectre-Is invisible to the respondent, but tlie wife declares that she has seen It repeatedly, and -that its continual visits make a continuance of marltal-relntlous 1m-- possible. The Berlin Congress on tuberculosis has come to some practical decisions. It has made It very clear that tho real remedy against consumption as a disease Is prevention rather than cure. The dieeaso is not heredi tary, nnd the more healthy the surroundings the less danger there is of contracting It. Sanatoria have a great future before them, Imt -they only correct nnd do not eradicate the disease, nnd the patient, if ho returns to an unhealthy dwelling or unhealthy con ditions of work, is in great danger of again falling -a .victim to tho old cnomy. The Ber lin Congress has been positive that consump tion Is curable, tho most curable of all chronic maladies, according to Dr. Bronadll. The. Question now is what can he done to stamp out the pestilence. It Is urged that In England, tho public health acts should be overhauled, and that nil cases of .consump tion nnd tuberculosis should be notified, so ns to, cn'll attention to the source of mischief, ; and minimise the danger of Infection. If this were , done public opinion would be, directed, .not, only to the poorer districts and tho dangerous trades, but to the servants' quarters In large houses . nnd hotels, and to tho ill ventilated. offices which are such fruit ful causes of consumption. A system of thorough surveillance : -.over the ' supply of meat and milk should also be commenced, The. present safeguards do not go half far enough. ; : The dispute In the building trade scorns at last to be settled, and the plasterers will re sume work . on very much the same con ditions that they abandoned It In the be ginning of March. Both sides hnve made some compromises, and both masters nnd men appear willing enough to make concess- Ions. No one ever understood why the quarrel arose; for the men did not/preteud that they had anything to complain about, and the masters snld they had no desire to force a quarrel. Tho dispute arose over the attempt to Coerce foremen with membership of the union, and when this proposal was abandoned, there was no reason why there should not have been perfect peace and bar- mony' In the trade. However, the result of J the strike is that an agreement has been come to on several disputed points. As re gards the limitation of apprentices, ltlsagrccd that no employer Is to tako on additional ap prentices while he has one to every four workmen. On the other hand, the union undertakes to abandon the practice of boy cotting or black listing certain firms which have Incurred their enmity, and all disputes as to whether any particular work should bo done by plasterers or by members of some other trade Is to be relegated to a joint committee of master builders and workmen. It cannot bo 'snld that any great principle lias been settled, but Industrial peace is prefer able to industrlnl warfare. . The measure for Increasing the age at which children can legally work In factories, known as -the Half Timers Bill, -has passed through commltteein- tho House of Commons, and the proposal to Increase tho school age from 11 years to 12 has boon agreed to by an overwhelming 'majority. There cnu he no doubt that the ' feeling of the House/ Is in favor of this -bill being placed upon Lhe statute, book, hut as It was introduced by a private mem-bor there Is little chance of such a result unless the Government offer facilities for tho further progress of tho measure. It Is to he hoped that such facili ties will be given, and the Ministry will cause groat, disappointment to the great bulk of -their supporters unless they give time for the final stages of tho measure. AH the educational authorities are opposed to the -half-time system, and In this matter of the -cnrllest age at which a child cnu leave scHool England Is behind the leading Con tinental nations.. 