HOW If WIS A1ID. CHAPTER .'3CXIII.. X T 'Tj IDT CVlRLISLB, What were those grand old lime trees at Carlisle Court whispering about ? Stand beneath -Jheirspr«ading shade seme summer day whoa th« wind sras high, and you would bear mufeic tlaat would thrill your' heart. There were times -when- the till heads were all bent together, and a'p6kfe fin* a weird, sorroWML voice, «8 if 'they- knew of some awful murder committed in the wot*!, and wore wondering if men -would find it oat. They -seem to 1 be ' telling secrets uutraras lataMe to mortal ears — secrets borne on the wings of 'the wind, nnd only told by the dreamy, '?wtstclifnl 1-itae trees. They 'had. whispered to each other of !avo, sorrow:, -death,- separation, joy and despair; but ithoir :green leaves had never murmured the words sliame'and disgrace. S9isho*our, and Carlisle Court— what had the. 'two 'in 'common ? Whoever named thom together? That grand old race, that stately heme, the! birthplace and burial place of some ot ifche greatest 6f England's heroes. They 'were 'worth watching — those beauti ful, iflo-wing lime trees — on tho the night that my Lord and Lady Carlisle came to the Court. 'They formed a long and shady grove at the-erid of the lawn. . They , could be seen . froja itih©- western windows, and heai-d when the wiritywas high, all over the house. Did 'they- know on this fateful night that my Jaflyvwas coming home ? The sunsot cast a 'beautiful, golden glow over Carlisle Court — tho (flowers had stayed awake to see her. The white i jasmine were peeping out with thoir ffi tarry eyes, tho birds were singing, the fountains playing; ono could have* fancied earth 'looked the fairer in honour of my lady'B home 'coming. Suoh an evening ! The glorious sky is full of Tose*eoloured clouds ; the sunbeams had never i -been so bright. They, fell on the calm, deep waters of the moat that still ran on 1 the eastern wing of tho Oourt j the! (western side of the moat had boon long ifilled up and rich blossoms grew where »deep waters had stood; but on the eastern side it still romained — a broad, deep ietream of water. A steep wall rose about fit j and its top waB capped by a broad terrace, on which stood huge vases of ever greens. It was a dizzy height, and more than -one Lord of Carlisle had thought seriondly of putting a secure iron 1 railing along ithe terrace. A false step, or a rash sten taken on a dark niorht. and all wotfld be over'. Any man or woman walking there who itook the fatal step and fell over tho terrace -muat inevitably go to the bottom of tho moat. Moro than one Lord of Carlisle standing on this dizzy height /had thought how terrible a fall from it would bo, and had sent for- some architect to advise what should bo dona ; yet the iron railing was novor placed ithei'o. Good taste and architectural etiquette prevented it. Tho (bright sunbeams foil upon tho placid ' wftteirB.o'fi tho moat, where wator lilies slept, until it looked like a sheet of burnishod gold. They foil on tho protty fountains that sent their porfumed spray high into tho sunlibtair ; on a thousand flowers who breath was odor froni every olimo ; on tho Buporb gardens -and ploasui'o grounds ; on tho lawn, smooth as volveli:; om tho grand old cedar trees, on lilio magnolias, whose huge flowers, whito as snow filled i tho air with rich and lusoious perfume. Thoy fell -om tho grand old mansion of Carlisle Cour-v,and Mrs. Hemans' linoB como involun tarilyito ono's raind, \- Tbe stnfcoly homes of England 1' How beautiful they stand - Amid their tnll, ancestral trees, ' O'er all the pleasant land. It' wffl.s oHe«f England's proud ost homes, fitj for kings and* princes, grand yot beautiful, old: yet lacking, motlung of modern luxury. A poet could deBoribo it, who oould toll how its lofty to wersf and turrets woro clad in green! ivy how its'deep oriol windows woro porfoot ' in tiioir 'beautiful arches ; how tlio stately ; entrance wasfcbuilt of purest marblo, and tho | tall, fluted loelnmnH of tho samo. - j How the halo of chivalrous ages seemed to linger over jit, 'for it had boon built in tho timo. when mon considered architecture an immortal art, and not meroly a contract botw.oon buildoriand briokmakor, Travellers and tourists came froci all, parts of England to soo Carlisle i, Court;, and thoy roturnod in lovoSyitli the , past, slightly . contemptuous of the iii'onoy grrtbbing futuro. Rumour said tlmt l'Lord -j)rmondo Carlisle, the present ownor, had c^pont a fbrtnno in refurnishing anil rcdooorating tho Court in (honour of his t fair young bride, ' whoso beauty -and norone flovelinoss rumour also had said wereuholjualod. Thoy oame fromitt grand old Saxon raeo, ?thoso' OftrliHlos'of 'CarliHle Cour|;, and had all .?the Saxon virtues and faults — true to thoir God, - loyal to their king and country. They dospisod falseness and all moannoss, .sooruod all'hollow nssumptaons, andl woro truoatifriends or noblost foes. Ono of thoir boasts was Alioir long 'family vocord, iu whioh thero waa oot tho natuo of ?o*o dialoyal man or light, false or dishonoured ?woman. To doooivb a Carlisle waa to IoboIuh' ?friontlship, and to tliwm it was an unpardon jiblo Bin. Any amount of storn hard trutJA rfjould ,bo .opolcon without offence. Thoy were inolinod to boliovo in signs and ,omeus, and tho court was full o£ thom,' It -was ffimly boliovod that boforo any -twriblo oyont bofoll tho family, tho eound of u-aisuErops was heard pattering on the broad iovrace overlooking tho moat, Ono yoar Kiad pwsod since IDoi'd Ormondo had won and woddod tho : bonntifal hoiross of Charnloigh To worn, and noi- ono flhadow had marred tlioli' liappinoyfl, They 'wecc ideally happy. The honeymoon spent upon the Continent, for LordOrmonde's greatest pleasure was to show this lovely woman he had won all the grandest works of God and man, had extended from month to month antil a year had rolled by, and now they were coming home to Carlisle Court for the first time. That yonr had been a time of enchantment to Lady Qua Carlisle — a time of pure snd perfect ongoyment, a perpetual dream, of delight, -Every fairy tale had como true, and a newer, 'brighter blue had como into hor sky,, a more 'tender green upon the grass, 'fairor i fragranee came from the flowers — a time when! all earth and all heaven seemed to be in golden light. For she was with the mau she loved — hi6 true and adoring wife. The year of weddad happiness had been 'reflected in Lady Ona's beautiful face, fft was one of tbo sweetest and loveliest m'all tho world. People turned and looked after '-lier-and all desired to know her. The supple figure had grown more womanly-; it was the j perfection of grace. While in tttaly a great artist had beggod tho honor to paint her as one of his Madonnas. She has the sweetest face I have ever -seen. I never Baw such an 'expression of sweetly sad content' upon a lady's face. My ILord, your wife is a painter's ideal;- and hers is tho4 face I have been longing for . years to meet. There is a story' in it— the story of a great sorrow which has been changed to a great joy.' ? ' ' ? -? ? ? - Count Tollo, the artist, had his wish; and the picture ho painted of 'the ^beautiful. English lady' to-day hange in one of the, great galleries of Florence. Day by day her gentle ways made her' husband love her the more, if such a thing could bo possible. That year of perfect loveand liappinesB had fully repaid Lord Ormonde for his year of waiting, and to Lady Ona iits sad memories had been dimmed by the glorious brightness of tho present. Mrs. Poolo had returned -to Lady Hillsdale aftor Lady Ona's marriage, and had kept her secret well. No one suspected it, and she meant to keep that dark page in her beautiful yonng mistress' life closed forever. Several weeks prior to this eventful day Lady Hillsdale had sent Mrs.Poole to Carlisle Uourt to superintend tho home-coming oE my Lord and Lady Carlisle. The windows of hor sleeping room looked out upon tho eastern terrace.. On descending to the servant's quarters Mrs. Dunn, the oldoBt retainer on tho estate, had noticed a look of surprise upon Poole's faco. ' ' What is tho matter, Mrs. Poolo ?' Mrs. Dunn nsked curiously. ' I am surprised at finding the grass so perfectly dry to-day,' was tho. reply. ' Why not ?' asked Mrs.'Dunn, with asmile. ' Whyi surely you must havo heard tho rain last night; it awoke me -several times, pattering on the terrace. I was very uorry to' hear it, for I knew it would destroy all the elaborate' decorations that 'havo beon made for my lady's coming home,' Mrs. Dunn looked at hor with a whito and dismayed face. ' You say you heard rain drops falling on the terrace last night?' sho ropeated, . ' Certainly; and so must ovory ono else,' was tho decided reply. ' Your room Iookb out upon what is called . ' My Lady's Terrace,' I behove, Mrs. Poolo.?' ' Yes,' she replied. ' I ' You oannot have heard the Carlisle legend,' said Mrs. Dunn solemnly, ''that boforo any great misfortune .happens to any of the family the sound of raindrops falling on tho torraco is heard by some one vory dear to tho ono misfortune is surely coming to. No misfortuuo lias ever overtaken tho Carlisles without this warning.' | Mrs. Poole grow deadly white, and sank helplessly into a chair. She oponod her lips, i but no sound came from them. Just Heaven ! what did it moan ? Was tho -dark shadow of disgrace -alio had boon trying to keep away to fall at last, and drag her beloved lady down to shame.-? Mrs. Duun wrung her hands. . i ' Woo is this house!' she said. ?' Somo- I thing terrible is going to happen. To think - that tho omen should, bo heard ilnst niglit of all nights in the year. On ithe eve of 'tlio j day my lord brings his now wife -homo !' ' And tho. two women looked Biloutly 'into j each other's whito, horrified face. j On this bright gala day Carlisle (Oourt ' soomed to be wearing its fairest dross. For ' months, the place had boen dreary and i desolato, givon up to tho rule of servants ; ' but all was different to-day. 1 From roof to basoment the grand old mansion was iin por foot and picturosque' order. The flowers wero j all blooming, tho birds singing, tho fountains | throwing up, thoir silver spray, the sumptuous j rooms filled with fragrance and sunshine. ' iFlags and banners waved ovor the tall, ancestral trees, bands of. music wero stationed iin tho park, the bolls of Carlisle Churoli trang ? ? out with jubilant music,, such as had not ? soundod from tho gray spiro for many, a year. ; Tho tenantry, the numerous band of 'labourers, tho poor dependents and pensioners, ' wore all assembled to woloomo the young ?couplehomo. _ I They all Baid to eaoh othor that good times I woro returning to tho grand old hall ; that j with youth and boauty there would bo lifo, gayoty and. fashion; and after a while — who oould say.? — the musio of children's voices ?might sound in the Jong, silent rooms. .: ^ [Rumour 'Said she was ono of tho fairest ladios in all .England, and a groat hoiresB .aB well:) and tlioy waited with breathloss im pationoo for tho oarriago to como in sight,' li-oamo at last, driven slowly ; along, so that tho oyes of tho' pooplo might dwell with dolig- ht on my lady's lovely faoo, , ' Ohoor aftor ohoer rose at sight of hor. No fairer, itruor faoo had ovor mado sunsliino at Carlisle '.Court, It was a. Bight and a wolcomo that would havo movod a Bti'ong man to weaknoss, Somo who have never quailed on a field of battle havo turned weak as, a woman boforo a cheer ing crowd. Not so any Lord and Lady Oat'lislo. Lady Ona's beautiful ? faoo flushed and grow bright ; a iliglit good to boo oame into her oyea ; 4V eof toned, itendor smilo played round lior lips. as flhe ,turnod to Lord Ormondo at hor sido. _ ' Do all those pooplo look ito us for happi' noss and wolfaro 'Evory man, woman and oluld, iu that rowd,' ho ropliod gravely, u depend nioro or SosB upon us, my darling, and the oxamplo wo set tiiom. We sit in the floats of tho mighty and wield a groat influence for good or ovil among thoso pooplo.' 'Thon, may Hoavon givo mo graoo and Btrongth to'do my duty,' Hho.said; puttiiig libr slondor gloved hand 'in 'his,' 'and' wlitopoWng flojFtly ; ' My husband, your lore aud hvo more to mo than the world. Thank you for all the past year, and may the future ones be as bright.' They were passing the fragrant lime trees as she spoke. Look, my Lady Ona Charn leigk, at the limes — look at thom 3 They are standing quite still — not a leaf moves ; thero is mot a thrill in tho branches. Silent and motionless, yot every leaf seems to have an eye. The sunset has cast a livid, red shade ever them; thoy are no longer green; the ?thousands of leaves are dyed red in the! crimson sunset. So red and silent they stand j j while t&ie; bells ring and the whole household i assembles to meet, to greet and welcome my lord and lady. ! 'Welcome — welcome home!' the people shout, ' . . My Lord Ormonde rises in tho open Victoria and stands, hat in hand, the picture of a grand and noble gentleman — one over whoso head the shadows of sin and shame havo never fallen. Tko cheering suddenly ceases as . Lord Ormonde, in a few well chosen words, thanks them in behalf of himself and wife, for their generous welcomo. Then my lady rises and stands by his side, and the introduction is finished. She smilod and bowed with a grace that seemed alt her own. Hundreds of eyes that looked at her at that' moment never forgot' the picture ^ the mag-; .mficent, graceful figu.ro, so dignified j the 'beautiful face, with its proud, tender smiled of j 'welcome ; the bright eyes, the wealth of golden ? hair that seemed to have caught the sunbeams captive ; the dress so rich, so costly, yet so simply elegan.t. , They remembered the radiant face and bright smile^long after the lowering clouds of shame had darkened Carlislo Court. When they reached the bottom of the broad marble steps, thoy alighted. ' . ' I did not know Carlislo Court was so largo or so beautiful, Ormondo,' she said. ' I know of fow places in England to sur pass it,' ho replied. 'Many beautiful brides have entered this homo, but none moro fair, none more pure and spotless, none so dearly loved as my wife !' Did nothing rise from that threshold to greet her ? No ghost of . a dead man ? No memory of a passionate; debonair face ? No memory of a soft voice, whose whispered words had lured her from the solitude and peace of Ellsraore Castle ? No fevered dream of agony ? No memory of an hour of mortal peril, when a. littlo head lay for a brief span on hor bosom, and then vanished from hor sight ? No spectro of fair fame tarnisliod by a convict's crime and an awful death ? Did none of thoso things risb from tho threshold of Carlisle Court to greet Lady Ona as she entered hor new home ? . Who shall say P One may road the stars, read tlio sermons written in babbling brooks, but who can read that greatest of all mysteries — a woman's faco ? ' (To be continued.)) 