Political Pars. POWERS has apparently got over his con tempt for Parliament and salary, and is more than likely to offer himself for hia old constituency; but ho is in a terrible tangle as to where <*.' are. He detests Dickson, abhors Ghissey, und does not think Drake <i duck by a jugful. About t he only person Ohnrles seems to have unlimited confidence in is Powers-sound as an individual mem ber, but fatal as a leader. MB. GROOM, in an article, or a par, or whatever newspaper men like to call it, says that the brand (not, I may point out, registered) which distinguishes the Rem nant, is brains. If any of the above Rem nant ever got lost, the brand will be a very poor means of identity. A poorer crowd never led a forlorn hope. ODice is their goal; and wlien they get it, they would remind anybody of the old liymn: " We are but strangers hore, Heaven is our home." MR. KUTLEDQE bos definitely arranged to contest the Marauoa. The local paper says:-It is not improbable the Premier will offer a sent to Mr. Rutledge in the Cabinet, so that ho will be inclose relation ship with the able men who are associated with the Premier in the administration of public affairs. TUB Roma Star discussing the political situation, remarks that beyond the reduc tion of salaries of the more highly paid civil servants and granting increases to the pay of subordinates Mr. Glassey has no policy, and if he had it would not be .1 policy that would bo acceptable or would be of benefit to the country. No confidence can be placed iti Glassey. Even his blatant advocacy of increasing the pay of sub ordinate civil servatiis is only made to catch votes. If his party were placed in power to-morrow that policy would not bo carried out, because the country is burdened heavily enough already with a costly civil list, MB. STORY will again be opposed for the Balonnc by Mr. Clowes (Labor). The con test was close in 189G, and it is expected to l>e close again this year. MR. W. II. BROWNE has been unaui , mously chosen as the Labor candidate for Croydon. It is, possible thaUhe %«11 be re turned uuoppofl jd for that electorate at the next election, J THE " King of Bulloo" will in all likeli hood have a walk over. Mr. Leahy is very popular in the south-western corner of the colony. Moreover, his electoiato is vast in area and costly to contest. MR. C. L. McDonald, the member for Flinders, says the Hughcnden Observer, was in town this week. No doubt the good advico imparted by the Premier and Mr. Philp as to the district being represented by a local man caused him to feel a little uneasy. Talk about absenteeism! What is Mr. McDonald but an absentee as regards this electorate ? Perhaps " our member" iB a believer in the old saw, " Absence makes the heart grow.fonder." THE solidarity which one time character ised Labor in Politics, says the Hughendeu Ohwreer, is becoming more conspicuous by its absence every day, and the Labor Party is not now the happy family it was in days gone by. Listen to how the plebiscite Labor candidato for the Cook talks to the local Labor organ :-" To him I say, take my advice, you hocus-pocus nincompoop, and sling the gum-pot and scissors. Don't bo trying to pass yourself o(f as the editor of the Ecut on, because you haven't brains enough to sell mousetraps to Chinkies. Bah ; the man who would bo afraid of your opposition would die at the sight of a de serted ghost in a graveyard, and would never bo elected to even an honorary position in a Joss-house." A REQUISITION asking Mr. W. Deacon to contest the Cunningham electorate at tlio next general election is being signed, and will be duly presented. Mr. Deacon is a farmer, a good speaker, and smart business inan. Mr. W. J. M'Grath has consented to con test the candidature for the Burrum elec torate. A LARGE and very influential requisition has been prepared and is about to be handed to Mr. A. F. Luya, asking him to contest South Brisbane at the forthcoming general election. AT on influential meeting of the Bunda berg Electorate League held on Tuesday night, it was decided by a unanimous vote to requisition Mr. pharles Powers to oppose Mr. Glassey for Bundaberg at the general election. The general opinion is that, in the event of Mr. Powers standing, his suc cess would be B certainty. MB. E. R. EDKINS, of Mount Cornish, officially announces that he has acceded to the requisition presented to him some time ago, and that he will offer his services as representative of the Mitchell at the next election. Mr. Edkins Will explain his views at the earliest opportunity. I AT a largely attended meeting of the Ipswich Progressive Reform League, Sir. II. Wymon. an architect, was unanimously elected to contest the Ipswich seat on be half of the League at the nest general election. MB. JAIIES MAGOFFIN, who intends to run for the Mitchell, will address the elec tors at Longreach on Friday, and on the following Monday at Ilfracombe. Two Federal Councils aro sitting in solemn conclave this week-the Federal Council of Australia at Melbourne, and the Federal Labor Council at Brisbane. In the former arc gathered most of the leading state --men of Australia; in the latter the President is-Kewley. Mit. A. I'ATERSON, until lately the popular manager of Lukes Creek, was interviewed by a representative of the Jtccui-d last Friday, concerning a political forecast par which appeared in lust week's V/iampiati. Mr. l'iiterson replied that he liiid decided, if invited in the usual way, to contest the seat for North Rockhauiptnu with the present sitting member at 1 lie general election. 