? OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF. WILLIAM WORDSWORTH, lit giving vou quotations search questions, 1 chose Wordsworth, Scott, I eimyson, and Longfellow as. likely to IK.- well known. The two latter I know to be popular, and the two former i supposed would have been made in some degree familiar hy their use in literature courses and 111 school. The answers sent in shew me that while Loitsfellow is really well known, i ennys-ni almost ;ts well, Scott—'we will say .vou have a sort of bowing acquaintance with .Scott, but Wordsworth vou evidently do not even know bv sight. .So I take the opportunity of introducing him to you—U llliani Wordsworth. the readers of the ".Sunbeam bookshelf." Net a writer that one takes! to at oncelike jieople one sometimes meets, lie show's bis faults first. It is only after a while that one learns to see the beauties o! his work. Other poets tell stirring lale* that make our hearts beat and our bre;aii come faster, or give us gorgeous word pictures or charm us with the mere music of their song. Wordsworth talks, talks oil, and on. and on, and sometimes talks nonsense of the nio«t aggravating kind, and sometimes sense—hard, common sense, enforced by beautiful thoughts and images, and sometimes breaks into song as clear and joyous as that bird music he loved so well. He says in one of his poems that he does not care for personal talk, which may explain his being particularly irritating when writing of people, but thoughts—deep, subtle thoughts — and all beautiful things iu nature receive sympatliy aud expression from his pen. I have found that those who loved nature best have appreciated him most wanulv. I may as well be frank and tell you that for me a taste for Wordsworth is an acquired taste—one only recently acquired. I first lead his poems determined to be pleased, but lost my way in the "Excursion," and, dipping among other pieces, stumbled over "Alice Fell" and the "Idiot Bov." That, put an end to my study of Wordsworth for some time. Yet the knowledge that Norman McLeod and Charles Kingsley delighted in poetry made me feel that the fault was mv own. It was only when hunting for beautiful thoughts and descriptions that I began to learn his charm. Live and learn. One would not abandon a gold mine because the vein wound about amongst rock and you had to take out much valueless stone to get the precious metal. Try' digging for thoughts, and see if you do not find it worth while. There was a reason, too, for his agjiresaive maUer-G:-fact liess, not quite a good reason, perhaps, but cert a inlv an excuse. his time last century, in 1790, critics were y naking merry over two young poets, who o had bicu^ht out a volume of poems the year before, under the title of "Lyrical Ballads." It was an outrage, they sail, to call such things poetry at all! Tiie poets in question were William Wordsworth and Samuel Taylor Coleridge. The book was not a success — indeed, when the publisher sold his bisit ess, the eopyriixH proved to be unsaleable, so he gave it back to the au thors. Wo--dsv orth hid an idea that it was "The Ancient Mariner" that prevented the success of '.he volume, l.ui thou:-;n this received anything but a warn", welcome, •"The Idiot B"/' and other instances of wii ful homeliness of language had their share, aim nc small share in the failure. Even "We are Seven,'' which now bepns — A simple child Tint lightly draws its breath. And fecl= its life in every limb. What should it know of death? began in that \oh:me. A little child, dear brother Jim. The "Brot'ier .'.'in" referred to our James 'IV(.in, and war put 5n as a joke. The pjj- Itc could not see' the joke, and resente 1 the fill (,'aney as a direct insult, and really one cannot won li Wordsworth's idea was to adopt a fi'.nple, natural style of expression and subject, in revolt against the artificial style of i!ie litter part of the eighteenth ce if try, when countless small versifiers chipped and polished at "copies of verses," and regarded the art of poetry as au exact science—in their hands, indeed, it was a wholesale manufajeture of stanzas on every imaginable oceasdon, for which an unfailing recipe could have been given. They took auy incident or scene, no matter what, seasoned to taste with classical references, and served in sonorous language and stately measure, garnished with a sprinkling of nymphs, gods, goddesses, and muses. It was a pretty industry, but not the sublime poetry they fancied it. Still, their dismaywhen all their rules was broken was natural. Wordsworth was not, however, the first rebel—Cowper and Burns had both adopted a. more natural style, very successfully. Wordsworth was less happy, perhaps, because his simplicity of diction was intentional and overdone -— an artificial naturalness as such bound to fail. What he did for us—and it was no small thing— was to bring us face to face with nature, unspoilt by artificial improvements or stereotyped phrases. He drew from life—no tiny flower was too small for his loving notice — and if you go through his poems looking for these word pictures you will l>e in a fair way to understand and a.]>preciate him. Is there not the very hit of tlie lark's song in the "Skylark?" Up with me! up with me into the clouds! For thy song, lark, is strong; L'p with me! up with me into the clouds! Singing, singing. With all the heavens about thee ringing, Lift me, guide mc till 1 find That spot which seems so to thy mind He wrote lovingly— Of the countless living things. That with stir of feet and wings, (In the sun, or under shade, I'pon bough or grassy Made), And with busy revellings. Chirp, and sung, and munnurings, Made this orchard's narrow space, And this vale so blithe a place, ne had absorbed so much of the earth lore, not bv intentional observation only, but by the imperceptible influence of long and close association—as in verses beginning prosaiclv enough. "Why, William, on tliat old grey itone, but rising to this— The ev. carjiot choose but see, bid tlie tar be still. Our bodies feel, where'er tliev be, Against or with our will. Sor. less 1 deem tliat there are powers Wliic-h of themselves our minds impress; Tliat we can feed this inind of ours In a wise passivents;. Think you, mid all this miyhiy sum Of things for ever speaking, That nothing of itself will come. And we must still be se'ekiug? It has been said that he was incapable of distinguishing the hopelessly commonplace from the really poetic; and when one learns that he really was proud of the 'idiot Boy" one cannot help believing it, but in spite of blindness of waywardness, thoughts and descriptions — tilings that come of themselves, perhaps—come in, true gold which makes the winning well worth while. There is a delightful description of Wordsworth, Coleridge, and Southev in "The Literary History oi" the Nineteenth Century"' by Mi's. Oliphant. The hook onlv deals with the end of the eighteenth century and the beginning of the nineteenth—sayto 1840\. But that period is so clearly put before one that one feels as if tlie various writers whose well-known names have perhaps till now been names only, were well known friends, each character is so clearly crisply drawn. The sketch of Cowper is sympathetic, but not that of Burns. With Crahbe, she has little sympathy, and one understands tlie low estimation in which literature Avas held when poets wrote ba laccu nidging letters, an<i receive!} lips thankfully : is if they had been footmen porters, and even lived on the bounty of their patrons year after year. Ko wonder authors wore despised! it makes one very thankful that tlie patron has disappeared, to be replaced by the newspaper, which offers good pay for good work, and is at once a resource in the meantime, and a famous training-ground for higher work. Both Dickcns and Thackeray passed through the wholesome grind if newspaper work, and among present-day writers the Press may claim Kjpling as one of its graduates. But to go back to Mrs. Oliphant. She gives a account of Miss Seward^ Dr. Darwin. and the rest of the little coterie at; Eiehfield, who polished their dainty verses so complacently, and had yet enough of old - fashioned refinement to make them delightful company. j]1<? ^-ontor part—certainly the. most in-^ pari of the first volume is devoted Wordsworth. Coleridge, and Soathey, ,ln(j Somhev's friend 1 .sudor, / ,, Wordsworth. Colerid". We meet them—Wordsworth. Colendj.--, aud Southev—at lirirfnl. They were iK-nti on going to America to start a. poetic sort of Vtcpia l,v tl, .Su^neUanna.,. Thoy chese the loeahlv. il. is siii<(, liecati=e tlieyi liked the name of tiiat stream. Pont hey was entragi ed to a Miss Fl icker, whose! sister had inarricl a voung Quaker named) v,lm ott,, 0F the brethren who j intended to emigrate. Coleridge fell in love with a third sister. Lovcll introduced Soiithev and Coleridce to Mr. Joseph Cottle,' who fortunately prov«l generous and enterprising enoupli lo oifc-r Coleridge thirtv guineas for a volume yet..to be written, and the same, to Sotithoy, while he gave the-latter iia 1 ' for his ".loan of Are." It is strange- to read of tliem. so full of plans and boundless liapcs and with so little practical common sen.se. Hut then they were y,v.ni£r—do lads of twenty set out to put the world to rights still? Southey depended 1 lu- payment for ".loan oi Are", as he said. "To V-any me over and get nie some few acres, a spade and a plough." Wl.uat he was to live on till the said spade and plough turned up something eatable or saleable istorv does not say. "Coleridge." Mrs*. Olipha-.inl writes, "had not so much as that to trust lii, but expected the spade, the plough, and the passage-money to drop down upon him from the genial sides." However that may have been, the plan of emigration was never realized. They tried start a magazine, which failed, a little later Southey wrote:—"If Coleridge and I (-in get £150 Wcv.-een us we propose marying and retiring into the country, as our literary business can lie carried on there, and practicing agriculture, till we can raise the money for America, still the grand object iu view."' I suppose yon know how it turned out in the end—Coleridge, i\ii h pplendid powers, writing so well, talking so grandly, failing so sadly, Wordsworth, working on through his long life in the home among the lakes; Southey, least gifted, as we judge now, toiling bravely at hard task work to support not only -his family but- Coleridge's too. If you can get Mrs. Oliphant's bonk I strongly advise you to read it. It is pleasant to knowthat Coleridge had some happy times with WV»rdsworth and his si«ter, whose rejuly sympathy and guide added to the enjoyment of the two poets. It- is pleasant to think; that whatever came after they were happy about this time last- century. Edith Isabel Fitzpatrick writes thanking me for lier prizes—I am glad my choice was fortunate—and continues as follows:— 1 have read "The Cricket on tlie Hearth" two or three times. We had tliat and "Marley's Ghost" for school books. 1 think I like ''Mnxny's Ghost" best, bccause such a lot of good resulted from Scrooge's dream. When he went to bed he was a horrid, mean, bad- tempered old man, and when he woke up he was exactly tlie opposite to tliat. There was a transformation indeed! He could not do enough to make every one happy. It would be well for more people l.luin Scrooge to liave such a dream. Only I am afraid tlie "daylight" would dispel their tyjod intentions. I liave read the first part of "Sir Toady Lion." and think it splendid. I like all books "of that kind. Yes, the good resolutions of yesterday are apt to fade in morning light. X think we have all felt that. Karcultaby, January 6, 1699. Dear ^lagpie—1 expect you have quite forgotten that I belong to tlie "Bookshelf" it is so long since I have written to you; but. I have been reading your letters with interest every week, and am very glad to see it is progrea-sing so well. "The Life of David Livingstone," "L. L. 1).," and "Adam Bede" are the only two books I have read since writing last. 1 am now reading "Over the Teacups," by Oliver Wendell Holmes. 1 like it very muc-h, it is so different from most of tin books "l have read. No. 5 is my pet character, sh. seems to say and do everything juft at liie rigHt moment, one cannot help loving lier. No. 7 is rather amusing, but he s^ys some things which set thinking; his way of writing "The History Two Worlds'' amused mc very much. According to him tlie cartli is i world ot question;, endless doubt and unrest, and heaven a world of answers, wondering and adoring. What do you think of liis "Abridged History';" I have found eleven of the quotations you mention, which 1 will enclose on a separate list. I have only hud four days to look ihem up. as our mail is a bi-weekly one, and tlie next would make me late for the 14-th. I will be eagerly looking for the mines oi the poems that contain the others, but hope to have found mere of them myself by tlie Lime tU-- paper reaches here. The searching lias been mast interesting work, and I have come acioss many nice poems while doing so. I got quite excited eveiy time 1 found a quotation you wanted; my sistei* had plenty of laughing at me. 1 SJW a good number of niottos, but n->nc oi tliem suitable fo- what you want. Nov.", near Magpie, 1 will conclude with all good wishes for the new year. 1 remiiin yours sir-tre'v. Kva Mrlvenzie, :u;e sixteen years and eleven moitlis. I am very glad to hear from you a»ain,and hope you will find time to write oftener in the future. Though vou are not reading so many books as some who write to me, those you do read are well chosen. Yours is the wiser way—to read well what you do read. I am so glad you like Holmes. . He is always worth reading, rereading, and thinking over. Yes, he sets you thinking, and that is better than giving you a large assortment. of thoughts Teady made, or, a-s is sometimes the case, secondhand. You liave taken up those search questions splendidly, and 1 think you have done very well indeed, especially as you had so short a time to work in. I see 1 must allow a longer time, for I do not want the far-awav members of our "Bookshelf" to be left "out. I shall be giving you a new set to guess soon, and shall look out for your list each time with interest-. Eva ilclvenzie has found eleven out of the seventeen quotations:— Nos. 1. 3, 6, 8, 9, 10, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. May Dawson comes next with ten:—Nos. 1. 3. 4, o, 8, 9, 10 14 15. 16; then Trixie Solomon with eight—Nos. 3, 8, 9, 10, 13,14, 16, 17. Of the four not found three were b\' Wordsworth, one by Tennyson. Here is the list:— SEARCH QUESTIONS. 1\. lav of the Last Minstrel—Scott. 2\. Morte d'Arthur—Tennyson. 3\. Lady Clara Vere de Vere—'Tennyson. 4\. Mamiion—Scott. 5 Lav of the Last Minstrel—Scott. 6\. Lady Clara Vere de Vere—Tennyson. 7\. To a Daisj'—Wordsworth, p. Aphorism—Longfellow. !l. Psalm of Life—Longfellow. 10\. Tlie Builders—Longfellow. 11\. To a Daisy—Wordsworth. 12\. The Kitten—Wordsworth. 13\. Ill Memoriam—Tennyson. 11\. Resignation—Longfellow. 15\. In Memoriam—Tennyson. lfi. Mass for the living Year—Longfellow. 17\. Death of the Old Year—Tennyson. Now here are some bits from Wordsworth. Bv the time you have found them you will know a little more of his writing than vou do now. 1\. The World is too much with us: late and soon Getting and spending we lay waste our powers; Little we see in Nature tliat is ours; We liave given oar hearts away, a sordid boon. 2\. And hark! how blithe the throstle sings! He, too, is no mean preaclic-r; Come forth into the light "i tilings, Let Nature be your teacher. 3\. A host of golden daffodils; Beside the lake beneath the trees. Fluttering and dancing with the breeze. •1. Dreams, books, arc each a world; and books we know Are a substantial world, both pure and good: Round these, with tendrils strong as ilesli and blood. Our pastime and our happiness will grow. 5\. Loving she is, and tractable, though wild; And innocence liath privilege in her To dignify arch looks arid laughing eves, And feats of cunning: and the pretty round Of trespasses, aiTeeted to provoke llock- cliastisrtnent and partnership in play. 6\. Like an army defeated The snow hath retreated, And now doth fare ill On the top of the hill; The plouih boy is whooping—anon—anon.: There's j-y in the mountains; There's life in the fountains; Small clouds are sailing, l"i]ue sky prevailing; The rain is over ai:d gone! 