The last fortnight's political juggling ought surely to shake the confidence of the most enthusiastic believer in S.A. politics and politicians. We have witnessed within two weeks a most chamelon-like change in the attitude of the "Liberal" party. The political dervishes who were raiding the provincial districts howling for Household Suffrage, and demanding the collective heads of Legislative Councillors on a plate, have suddenly become mute. Kingston is dead, it is true, although he is still weeping over the "deep damnation of his taking off," but most of his colleagues have had a resurrection, under the leadership of that eel-like politician, Holder. And what do we find? That Household Suffrage has been dropped like a hot brick, and the £15 franchise substituted! Moreover, Gordon, the deadly opponent of Council Reform, has joined the politicians he so recently opposed, and swallowed another measure of reform for— well, for £1,000 a year! There is one interesting feature in the new position, however. Holder's Ministry contains one half of the Kingston combination. Their readiness to drop Household Suffrage surely suggests that Kingston must have been playing almost a lone hand in his Ministry. It is nice to think that for months the ambitious autocrat who travelled the country damaging furniture and breathing out fire and slaughter, was without the support of at least half of • his * own • colleagues! We have always been told, and it i& perhaps a desirable thing, that all Government and every human benefit and enjoyment is founded on compromise, but we never heard of Government by contradiction. Premier Hol- der, in announcing S.A. Government policy, announced that the £15 franchise would be merely a first step towards the Kingstonian policy of Household Suffrage, which was the ultimate goal of the Ministry. In the Legislative Council, Attorney-General Gordon denied that the Holder Govt, intended to advocate Household Suffrage, and declared that they would stop at the £15 compromise. THE CBITIC wishes to suggest that the Holder . "push^" should immediately proceed to' get itself- audited. When Kingston was Premier things were very different. He always settled little matters of policy himself, and there was never any chance of a colleague contradicting that • • amiable • autocrat! Ex-Premier Solomon's indictment of Holder's financial juggling at the Treasury was plain, straightforward, and definite, but it remains unanswered. When Grainger wanted to appoint a Committee to enquire into Treasury finance, the Holder crowd announced that such a motion would be accepted as one of no-confidence, a cowardly and despicable way of burking enquiry. It is no secret that Mr. Holder is absolutely mistrusted by businesss men for reasons which need not to be mentioned. It is, of course, quite likely that there is nothing in his administration of the Treasury which could be cavilled at if the facts were known, but the conduct of the Ministry in opposing investigation leads to the worst conclusions. Mr. Playford, if he chose, could say a good deal, and it is a well-known fact that, he never was an admirer of the present Treasurer. Now that Mr. Kingston is not in the Ministry, THE CBITIC. would not be surprised if Mr. Playford at- tacked both Mr. Holder and Dr. Cockburn for their mismanagement of loan transactions. «At any rate, it is high time an important and searching inquiry was made into the financial administration of' the late Kingston Government. v. HE WILL SEE IT THROUGH. That John Bull has got a tougher Nut to crack; a .job that's rougher Than he thought is true. Burghers on his land are squatting, From the tfnap thie red line blotting. Europe jeers, and Dutch are plotting, But htfll see it through! Treading traps-—disaster courted— The relieving columns thwarted, Methuen's—Buller's-^two. Guns misplaced—the gunners pasted— Blood—the 4ife of heroes-—wasted, Yict'iy's fruit not quite, untasted. But he'll see it through! Shells are raining void of pity For the cross, on vested city. Say, what will he do? Patience, though his cfceeks are burning, Caution's lessons he is learning, - And, the tide of battle turning, He will see it through! Ouais. • • • The W.C.T.U. dames must be pleased at the personnel of the Holder Ministry. The Premier is ultras-pious. He is a local preacher, and one of the leading officers in the Wesleyan Methodist denomination. Works Commissioner Foster is an ex-parson, although one would not think so. Attorney-General Gdrdon is the son of a clergyman. Of course the absence from ministerial office of that staunch ally of the W.C.T.U., Charles Cameron Kingston, is a heavy blow to that body. No Australian statesman ever deserved more of the church than Mr. Kingston. He was ever a believer in social purity (!!!) and the maintenance of domestic virtue, and the W.C.T.U. ladies made no mistake when they voted for him at the last election. Mr. Kingston, although not in office, can still do much, however, as a private member. Much more could be written on this subject, but this paper is so overwhelmed with emotion that it feels compelled to stop right here. • * • Isn't the Labor party sweet! In Vic. they have been saying bitter things against Sir George Turner for five years. The bitterest tongue of all has been Stephen Barker's, and last week he came into the field for North Melbourne, "for the restoration of the Turner Cabinet." dead beats and all! The* fact is, Barker badly wants to get into the House. The incident needs marking for attention when the Labor people begip to talk about their high principles. As to W. A. Watt, he was the hardest and most acceptable worker of the Federal party. He saved North Melbourne from the taint of the frosty Preridergast, without any help from Sir George Turner, although Sir George was keenly anxious to get rid of Prendergast's bitter tongue. This week he faced the labor party, backed by Sir George, in a hot Radical centre, and fought the issue with a splendid courage. Watt is the kind of man that some people are afraid of. He has too much courage to suit some "leaders." • • # ' If the Government of W.A. persist in opposing federation in spite of the petition of 23,800 people in its favor, George Leake,.as leader of the Opposition, will apply to the Governor for a dissolution. ,THE CBITIC was the first paper in Australia to make this intention known. The Opposition have a good chance of winning Kalgoorlie, Plantagenet, West Perth, Coolgardie, Sussex, Kanowna, Perth, Mt. ^Magnet, North Murchison, North Perth. Gascoyne, and Roebourne. The Forrest proposal to send two Federal Bills to the people for choice— one a little thing of his own. and the other that adopted by the rest-of Australia—was never bona fide, as readers of THE CRITIC have already been made aware. When the Chief Secretary moved to that effect in the Council, "Kruger serves up"John Bull's Xmas Pudding Hot! Premier Lyne beats a Good Tune. there was no seconder forthcoming for a few minutes. The Govt, had not arranged for a seconder. Alex. Matheson, one of the three Federalists in the Council, then stepped into the breach. Matheson made a good speech, and all through the debate acted in a wide-awake and spirited manner. The motions got very con 1 fusing, but Matheson did not lose his head, and when nothing but the ridiculous amendments of the Selected Committee were left, he did not hesitate to vote against them. * * * There is great justice in the appeal of Messrs. Griffiths and Glynn that the Civil Servants in the South Australian departments which are to be handed over to the Commonwealth after Federation,. should be put on a proper basis previously, in respect to status, holidays, and pay. Though some of them, and especially those in the Post and Telegraph office, have been more than 20 years in the service, and'hold most responsible positions, they are still only on the pro and tem list. No Australasian Government is less generous to its officials than our own, so that if this pro and tem arrangement is not misunderstood to their- disadvantage, it is certain that they will gain by the transference. • « • The Labor party is to hold a plebescite shortly to select candidates who are to stand for election as members for South Australia: in the Senate, and in the House of Representatives at the forthcoming Federal contests. Although there are only six seats in each chamber or a dozen in all, 32 direct Labor candidates have given in their names, and these are to be cut down to 12 as a result of the plebescite. The Labor party pretends that it only wants its fair share of representation, but evidently it believes that that fair share is the whole lot. * • • THE CRITIC looked forward to a time of rest and quiet when the Solomon Ministry took office. But, then, it did not think the Cabinet would make such a fool of itself over the policy. The ball was at its feet, and the goal of recess right in front, but the six Ministers all kicked in different directions at the same time, and merely bruised their own shins. • • • The West Australian came out on Saturday, 2n!d Dec. with a most pathetic leading article dealing with the Federal crisis in W.A. On the morning of the 1st it had not dared to say anything. In fact, Hackett was in a comatose condition, and would not have dared to contradict even John Forrest^ if that worthy had suddenly made a statement all his own. In the Saturday leading article Hackett wailed against the Federal leaders, and the anti-Federal leaders, and pite- ously begged that the whole question might be re-opened. On Monday night (4th Dec.) Leake asked Forrest what were his intentions with regard to the Federal Enabling Bill, but the Premier asked that notice might be given of the question. CHIIISTMAS GREETING. To THE MOTHERS or THE AUSTRALIAN CONTINGENT. Ye, whose brave sons have left their native land To fight for Right, for Empire, and for Queen, , O, let no anxious cloud come now between You and the Christmas joy on ev'ry hand, But rather take your places in the band Of happy mortals-for the season, keen .,.. ride that - your dear soldier sons have been ' So chosen with the best to take their stand. • • • • And should sad thought obtrude of adverse fate Upon the Empire's latest battle-field, O, banish it for good and all, 'twere less To live some lives than die with honor great; Only to bright hope of their home-coming yield, And heaven your Christmastide most fully bless H. C. C. • • • Hackett, one of the chief engineers of the parochialists in W.A. was hoist on his own petard when the Legislative Council threw out his motion for referring the Selected Committee's amendments alone to the people. Never was a more ghastly spectacle than the appearance of Hackett then. He looked as if he had seen a ghost, and immediately after been struck by a comet. He ejaculated "whiskey!" and then sat staring at it in his club with tears in his eyes, and a ghastly grin on his face. # • * On the day that the Solomon Ministry was defeated, Mr. Dumas went up to Mr. Burgoyne and said, "I'm sorry you didn't have a longer term of office, and I sympathise with you in your defeat." The old warrior indignantly pushed the apolegetic member aside, and retorted: "Oh, d your sympathy, I wanted your vote." # # * George Leake, on the morning after the Legislative Council of W. A. threw out Federation: "I think we have them in a cleft stick now." # • • The Christmas number of THE CRITIC had an extraordinary vogue, and was completely sold out on the morning of publication. The number has elicited favorable comments from all parts of Australia. We regret that its size prevented us from putting a second edition into the press to supply the repeat orders that, came to hand, so those, agents whose orders were not filled will understand the reason whv * * * Anyone but politicians would question the decency of the members of a Government, in power for a few days using the information it then gleans to harass their opponents. Witness the Barron Falls lease matter in Queensland. Who can uphold Dawson's crowd, not for the stand it is taking, but for its breach of confidence in making known departmental secrets. A Sydney apologist declares that "not one of the members of the one-day Government went near his ministerial office." By making that statement, the apologist calls Dawson a liar, for he admitted in the Assembly that he lit on the facts of the lease among his offical papers. THE CRITIC would be indeed grieved if Mr. Solomon was proved guilty of the offence of the "clean shave" Ministry. • * * Sir George Turner is very vicious over the upset of his Cabinet. He has actually taken to the platform, wherer as, in the past, he resolutely refused to help by public speeches any of his party in danger. "It might offend the Opposition,," he said. He was the gentlest man towards an Opposition that ever sat on the Treasury benches, '""' • fc- ' V • • and that helped, his -f jail. ; < Now-he, is such a brave lion,' and all because the Federal Treasurer ship seems slipping away fronthinL\ ; Sir George is a firstclass man |or managing the finances, but he has not a ^constructive idea in his head., His chance for the Treasurership' just-depends on what kind of a Treasurer Edmund Barton wants, one who is an accountant,, or. one who is able to construct a whole set of new principles fqr bringing in a Federal revenue. In any- case, Sir George's chances are just ' as' good without squealing at men like W. A. Watt and Major McCay. The Vic. political situation is very interesting.' ' Mr. MacLcan'has no party, thanks to Mr. ShieW coming in and spoiling everything.*; '3fiEr: Gillies holds his following solidly/arid the Turner people are. nearly ha£f. -the House. But the 'shadow of the Federal electons is over "the- Assembly: "It does not suit Mr. Gillies to let Sir George cut up the Federal electorates and go to the country as the Vic. Premier. The MacLean Cabinet is a good stopgap, as there is no hope of a Gillies DEFECTIVE Cabinet; hence, when the House meets in January Mr. Gillies will have his way because he will be the dictator. There is a tendency on the part of a section of the Gillies party to break away, but if the opposed Ministers get back this breach will be healed. The issue is plain. Given all his Ministers, MacLean will live until u'ederaton comes; if he loses them "chaos will come again," and an early dissolution. # # # There are quiet signs about that Mr. Barton is on the move, and the new year will see him opening up a party campaign. The negotiations With leaders in the other provinces have been going on for some time, and all will be ripe as soon as tjhe holidays are over. The reasons for the movement are twofold. First, it is intended to consolidate the protectionist following early, and to make a compact party, and next it is intended to secure Mr. Barton's position by massing behind him a live party. The protectionists are not going to run any risks in thfe matter of the first Cabinet, and it is a risk to be in doubt as to the leader wli'Mi the other side have fixed on George Keid. • • . » The Free Trade Democratics have begun the Federal campaign in Vic. without waiting for any arrangements with the Sydney head-quarters, and with some sort of a menace to the older Free Traders in Melb. The Hirschian party have no modesty, and mean to have all the front seats, which just means that they will get no seats at all. The idea of jumping in before the party is formed or any definite policy formulated is to provide claims. Meantime Vic. audiences treat the young lions with a good- humored conteimpt by steying away. Their want of sense could not be better shown than by talking politics to the people in Christmas week. Who cares for politics then? # • • ALLAN'S INGEATITUDE. Sir George Turner, in replying to a motion of want of confidence in his Government moved by Mr. Allan MacLean, observed that he was astonished at the quarter from which the attack had come. He would not have thought so much of the motion had it emanated from any other member, but coming from MacLean, confidence in whom had led him to advance <£62,000 to the unfortunate Maffra Beet Sugar co., he considered it an evidence of gross ingratitude.—Political item. Have Kirton, Irvine, Vale, One thought must still assail— Allan's ingratitude! His thrusts are far more keen Because he is MacLean, ; idthough his speech be crude. Weep Fink for thy "dear friend < To .you I did not lend Sugar for sugar beet.' Sixty-two - thousand pound ! Allan; too late I've found Your price I could not meet. \- ' BBEAKTIANCE. Buller's reverse at.Colenso has iiiad the splendid effect-of- waking'up the Empire, and we are seeing' a wave of unbounded patriotism. ,So far the campaign'has made it apparent that while; our soldiery ; have lost none of their pluck, their direction seems to be ^very disorganised and , ineffective. Several generals,, who went to the Cape .with good. "reputations, have ' already lost" theihrand 'at a' cost," too, of : many lives. The reverses show tbat the • subduing-of the Transvaal is a tough job, but- itf is one that Great-Britain is bound tb r accomplish. " The attitude of Australia 1 at.this juncture shows how the Anglo- Sax on spirit comes to the front. Our second offer o£ help is a fine tribute by the Australian people, and under these circumstances the prompt action of the!various .Governments must ,be warnily "ap- " plauded: "'--'" '•" ~ ; "•'" - ' • • m The tiresome twaddle talked in the S.A. Assembly on Monday over the Children's Protection Bill was not worthy of a boy's debating club. The Chief, Secretary pathetically-told the House how his duck eggs had been stolen by a wicked boy, who exchanged them round the corner for cigarettes, and with tears in his voice, implored the House to put down these awful crimes. Perhaps fie wants_to save his duck eggs. Then Mr. Peake ,unblushingly told the House he knew a boy who smoked two or three pounds of tobacco a week (which is arrant rot), and declared that boys will be ashamed to smoke when the law forbids, which shows how much he knows about boys. And all this from men who are trasted with the affairs of State. When will the Government drop this finicking legislation, and try to do something for the country's good? ORIGINAL 76 Mr. J. G. Jenkins, S.A. Chief Secretary. Typical Boers.—Ideal Mounted Infantry* Hon. J. H* r Gordon,/ ' .> U.- / 1 S.A. Attorney-General. ~ ; ! 