(To THE EDITOE OF THE ' AlWnB.') Sib,— When a man takes it into his head to 'raise Cain' (or a. row) it is. more ?than probable he mil dig' up the g-hbst of his ' satanic majesty' ere he takes a pull on himself and leans with a constitutionally tired feeling upon his gingham toconsidor the litter, ridiculousness of putting ''one's foot in one's mouth,' as it were— and hang. Chic — : — the weir I, mean/and tlie/Yan&5; cutting, and the thirsty souls ..at JerUderie in dry weither. ? .)''??-, 1 Wly, the inisapprehensions of the lower river people concerning this, water scheme should ever have reached as far as'*^5iitt6n and Darlington Point is perbfipaB^iiiile.-- ??=: It his beSn rumoured in the :diBh'ict that' this u\3ir wasiOibaicpnstrucf^Ed for tbeeolp benefit of Sam McCaujTbeyaudilr.-HaffifHllA but to those who will only takeSJie troSole^ to inquire, it will be discovered that those gentlemen have less to say about the scheme than -any one in the district. Samuel MeCiliighey does not own tho Yanlio C--eek, nor Jerildcrio, and there are quite a number of persons living along the creek who do not bear his ear-mark; and who, by thc- Tmy,nre*Tinite'aa-thlrsty'at Sam' McCaughey in fly-time. And, even if the Government did talcs it into their head to sell the sole rig^t of using the. waters of tlij 'Bidgea to Sam McCaughey, surely that wealthy individual could not bottle it oft to the detriment of the lower river JieopleT not if hi' was ever so thirsty. Tn Vic. a weir was thrown across the Goulburn River at Murchison, a good manv ye.rsagrt -md, strangeto say , Shjpiarton-i not a de«l city, and JSIopi'oopna has not dried Vip and warpad itj^lf^nto^aSnotmtife. Tha soda-watsr 7ac'tdries''1iave not closeil down, nor yet have the brewers to seel artasian wotof T 'aa*So1W1\a!ra!eTor sileer vexation; or from-4OTiirK'to teke-their whisky neat — and the Goulburn Valley is still the Goulburn Valley. 3'li's poor scribe siw a weir constructed on the. Compaspe jdY£r,Jjetw£2n iioikester and Eluiore, in lS'JO and he is not yetaware of the fact of anything jalarinine being tqi hand about the si^npiag of Minora, and' th ire is Jtbtiiing fo showM:hvt Sochester^s any thirstier than it was ten years ago ; and ha doos not think that the Munuinbidgee Yanco scheme would in auv way affect the ' Old 2J»n .Plain.' , , y\ -_-.._ ; In conclnsioni Mr.! Ediibr, I-wisli to voice' the opinions of a number jo£ jiaople in say ino; that I cannot ini-ijjina wSy plribus, whom any condition ,of tha river does not afl'esr, should rise lip in arins against tlie sending of XI l.ttiWin'ourmidst for a good' purpose. , . ,. I am, etc., . . . P. J. CJ.EARY. 