AFTER I?NY YEARS CIIAITER I. IT was a dreary day, and the dreariest of seaRone, too, for it was November ; and, if not absolutely cold, sufnliciently so to be wretched, with its clinging fog and its shadowing veil of darkness and damp. I was alone in a London lodging. Not an old womau in the solitude of generations blipped out of grasp, but-alone. The idea came into my head to write out the story of my life. Such writing would, at any rate, fill the empty time; and I felt that in some way in talking of days that were days, I might grow to look at them as at some outside existence. With myself for an onlooker, some hope crept in that the life I had to live might improve in attractiveness. I went to my desk and began. I was born Agatha Bowen. Now what was I to write myself ? Not "Bowen." One day I was married; but on that dreary day I was alone. For many long, dreary days I had been alone. Not a widow. But I had done with society, and cared nought for what it might see fit to do or say. When I was a child there were wealth and pleasure, and delight in my home. My father was simply plain Mr. Bowen, a county gentleman, with a pedigree that was old enough to be proud of. The county bad for hundreds of years known the Bowans -I suppose always will know them -for the family eatates are entailed, and we are a prudent race in money matters. I was the eldest girl. I was six teen before I left home for school, and sofar as I can judge of myself, had a fair amount of independence and self-reliance in my character, and needed not to be sent into the world of school to gain either of those useful virtues. I was glad to go. I was in a way proud of the launch they were giving me into the sea of the outer world. It was the end of July when I and my boxes were driven away from Grsyhille. Greybills was my home. How it got the name I have never known, for the low, round hills about it were green with woods, and her bage, and young corn, or golden and russet in the autumn time of nature's completed work. Much ought to be made out of that fitst going to sohool of mine; for if I had not gone, none of the events that have sines set my life into the groove along which it must now fox ever run would have taken place. I should not have known the people ' whom I came to know; neither should I have gone to those houses where I did go. Scohool was not pleasant at first; but not many days had gone before I decided that it was endurable. I had spasmodio friendehris for a good many girls; likowise spasmodic dislikes, not to use so strong a word as " hatreds." One of these last was for a girl called Mary Kompson. She was in my olaes, and did every thing'that I did-some things a little better, come things a little worse. I think she had a stronger will than I had. At any rate, she was the one to plan more than one deed which was not striotly within the limits of school discipline, and I was prepared to fol low her bidding. Odd that I should so follow a girl I disliked; for I did detest and abhor her fora whole two months. It was so, that is all I know. Then we got into a scrape together, and I made it appear that I was the worse sinner of the two. It was true, but unless I had pro. filed by my honourable upbringing, I need not have sheltered her. One naturally takes a liking for the half-drowned wretch we have eaved; maybe the same sort of instinot turned my dislike into love. Yes, it was "love," not friendship. We all went home at Christmas, and for a week in the holidays I had Mary to stay with me at Groyhills. They liked her at home. My father found out that he knew something of her father-a Dr. Kompson of Crow. chester-through a friend of his. After those gay holidays we went bask to eohool-Mary and I; and in the following summer-time I went to her home. It was a great event-my firsl visit alone; for my father took me to Pad. dington and put me in a carriage, while I saw him fee the guard as if I were a special piece of luggage which might take wings and fly out of the window. Thanks or no thanks to this feel ing, the guard religiously prevented any other passenger entering my car riage. I never did care for solitude, and could well have dispensed with the guard's attentive care of me. I was gl!d .when we stopped at a small viU?age station, and the man's bearded faoe did not appear at the carriage-window. A fair lad got in, passed me, and entered the inner compartment, which the Great Western monopolisoe as a desirable idea for first-class paeseen gers. Perhaps it is from an innate love for contrariety; but what is more common-place than to find dark men worshipping fair-skinned women, and so on-and so on ? I was dark, or darkish. I, at one glimpse of the fair lad-lad? he had a moustaohe jumped to the conolusion that he was also handsome. He was that, truly. The moulding of his features was perfect; the broad curve of his fair brow was shadowed by brown, wavy hair that was closely cropped, and yet that had one wilful curl that did its beat to fall over the smooth forehead. He looked straight at me with fear less, open, blue eyes, and, foolishly, I turned away. - Perhaps, after all, he was not thinking of me. I was sure afterwrads that he was not. Before the train etopped I had read "rowchestor" in black letters on white paling, and had unfastened the door. My companion woe entirely forgotten. Mary was standing halflway down the platform, staring into the car riages. I sprang out, hot and impuleive, and left my wraps and. bags to the tender mercies of the chaoone that befriends travellers.. Mary woos informed of'my whore, abouto by fluding my arms flung round her neck. bhe was a tall, big girl. I had to lift my faoo to kiss her. " You child I" greeted she; " whore did you spring from ? I have gaped wildly into every carriage- " "Except the right one," said I. "'That's mino l What is that man going to do with my things ?" A porter was filling his arms with my belongings. Irushed after him. Before I reached him the man was saying to Mary, who was close behind me, " the young master, miss, bid me take the lady's things. Will the heavy louggago be sent after, miss ?" - he touched his cap-" or will I put it on the carringo ?" " How many boxes, Agatha ?" " Only two ; there they are." I saw them iu a truck, being whooeed along the platform. W" What awfully foat men there are here, Mary I I hope no one is taking my luggage for their own." " All right, mise. Name's Bowen boan't it ? Bill'ave 'ad 'is orders from the young mastor when he giv' me mine." "The 'young master' means my big brother," said Mary; "and I eup. pose he has boon making himsolf useful for once in a way. I did not know he was within reach. Tom said he had gone over to Callington this morning." All this was nothing to me; but we wont along as Mary talked, and by the time she had fiuiehed were outside the station. The carriage was a waggonette, and my two boxes were in front, sorely incommoding the coachman. " Have you got all right, Barrows ?" asked Mary in a business way. "Ay, ay, miss; Mr. Marmaduke seen to it. He've gone on up the street." We reached presently a large flat fronted house, old and homely-looking. There was a small brass plate on ths door with " Dr. Kempson" engraved on it, a brass door-handle, and a breas knocker, all polished and shining like pale gold in the red light of the July sun. Another moment the door opened and I had my welcome. Dr. Kempeon was in the hall. His wife same out from a room with her spectacles in her hand. I cannot in fitting words express the pleasant, homelike feeling that filled me when I shook hands with those strangers. " Welcome" was in the air of the place-that is all. 'By-and-by came dinner. Mary told me there were no vieitors, and she took me into the garden whore the children wore. There were three of these, all girls. The two brothers, one older and one younger than Mary, would appear "when dinner ap. peared," she said, laughing. It seemed a free, happy house for children, big and little. A gong sounded, and, in proper tate, Dr. Kempson took me in to din. ner; and seated me by him. Places were set for six, but there were only we four. Where were the others ? "My dear," said Dr. Kempson, "what are those boys after ? Late egain." " They will be here in two minutes; they came in five minutes ago, and I told them to hurry." Brightly and placidly and as suringly Mrs. Kempson said this. There came a clattering sound from upstairs, and thou the next moment a boy rushebed into the room. A fair boy, and handsome-all the Kempsons were fair. I was introduced to" Tom "and we were shaking hands-rather, we had performed that operation, and in hiu boy's fashion he was twisting himself round on to his chair, which was next to mine, when another stop came over the hall, and another person came into the room. Not a boy thistime. I had in my mind, called him a " lad," but a man, young and tall and fair and "handsome," as until that day I had never ecen a man. I wae introduaed to " Marmaduke," my travelling companion. Then all the places at the table were filled, and the dinner went on. I do not remember what we ate, or what we talked about; but I am sure that in what was said Marmaduke led. After dinner we went into the garden. It was an ancient city, was Crow. Chester, and tho two were soon telling me about its antiquities. Nearly the last thing we came to was the cathedral, and then Marmaduke be came eloquent. My cars, at least, had never before listened to so much onthusiasm in talking as he spoke, as wiFh the love of a poet, of the artistie beauty of the cathedral. One of Mary's wild humoure of school came upon her. " We'll go and show it to Agatha now," cried she. "It's a lovely idea. The moon will be up in halfaen-hour. I'll got your hat, Agatha, and we'll go. It will be a fine opportunity for Marmaduke to rhapsodise." She ran away. "Rhapsodies," repeated he. " Ido not know why she always laughs at me; she does if I forget myself, and talk anything beyond stiff common place. Was there anything unusual in my words, Miss Bowen ?" "No," I laughed; but my answer was a fib. " Mary never can be brought to care for romance, or poetry, or love of art. I think you are different, are you not ?" "I don't know." What did I know, except that I felt I understood in a vague, dreamful way; and that I followed every thought he spoke, and forgot alto gether that I was in a garden? " Poetisiug, I believe, both of you I" came in a shout behind us; and Mary's hand descended with a slap, most unpoetical, on my. shoulder. "Do you know how many times I have called you P" " Countloes times," suggeeted?a? "Do you mean you never hoard me ? Five-times did-I call I" -. Marmadako wasoe strolling along with his hands in his pockets whistling. We followed, and in two minutes were at a little eide door of the cathe dral. It seemed that he had :a key, whereat I made some exclamation. " We are authorities here, my dear i-at least he is.' She pointed-, her finger at her brother, "ana lnlled his ear as he stooped unlocking the door; " He plays tho organ, does this little boy; quite nicely too, eon eideiiug he's only an amateur." We were now in the vaPo dimness of the cathedral. So hugo a church I had never soon before. It awed me. I felt chilly and half. trembling, though only a second be fore I had been hot under the windless air of a July night. Vaguely the clustered pillars gathered form and substance for my eyes; but still vaguely they seemed to riseeoven more and more of them out of the dim distances. Iput my hand out for Mary. She had entered behind me, and my hand was taken. I started. It was not Mary's hand grasping mine, but Mormaduke'e; and he hold me as if 1 were a fright ened child. Then I could see the paleness of Mary's dress shimmering and moving through the dark aisles. The moon was high eniough to send a slanting ray down upon' her. It made her look like a spirit. Icaid so in a hushed way to my companion. " Yes,"-hie own voice was hushed -" but do not say so to her; she will only laugh at you. Lot us follow her. Sheo.is going to the choir. The moon' light will be streaming down upon it." And we two then fell under the white light. Leaving it, the dimness became blackness. Far, far into eternity it seemed tostretch. Above,somewhere -were these walls ?-there wavered grey glimmerings, and other glimmer ings, where was colour of shadowing red, and blue, and gold-were those windows ? The moonlight did not wake them. There was only dim, weird greyness add half colour. Two stops more, andwe were in the blackness. There was a line of checkered stone-paving where the strip of moonlight fell. It looked real and firm ; where Marmaduke led there was only darkness. Would my feet suddenly fail and eink ? and would the towering pillars close in, and the high arches fall and hide me ? I shuddered. " We will come another way ;" and my guide led me past a pillar, and under a canopied tomb, where a black marble knight lay. Again I saw the moonlight, and now it fell on the uplifted head and arm of a marble angel-white, gleaming, rest fully beautiful. Involuntarily I stopped, and then saw below the beckoning angel-the eleeping body of. a young girl-pure and white and peaceful. " How beautiful I" said I, nnuder my breath. ".Ye," Marmaduke whispered. " That is the gem of the place I" " Are you coming ?" A steady voice broke our dreaming. "Yes, yes I" hurriedly and im patiently answered Marmaduke. Two seconds more took us into the choir. "Now go and play "-so com manded Mary-" and not anything doleful, or you will have Agatha and me flying into the organ-chamber after you." "Hark i" I was sure I heard footsteps. " Ghosts, surely I" unkindly spoke Mary. "There they come I" She p6inted out into, the darkness, and then took my shoulder in her grasp, and held me from her at arm's length, as if to put me nearer this dreadful sight. There was nothing; but I shivered, and shrank up close to her. "I call this jolly I" ried Mary. "Do look sharp, Marmaduke, and play. Agatha and I will sit here and listen." " You carry the wisdom of all the ancients 'in your brain. Who is to blow the bellows ?" " Dear, dear. Do you mind eitting heroe alone, you child ? Yes, of course you do, I see." " I should very much mind," I de cidedly said. Again the tap of steady steps sounded. I was sure Iheard them. "Do come away I" I prayed. I got my answer out of the dark ness. " Do you want an organ-blower ?" It was a full, deep voice,, marvel lously clear in its utterance, and yet not sharp but musical. In a second the speaker came up. He stood straight in front of me by the side of Marmaduke, very tall, very dark. I am sure his board was black, and his face, I supposed, was a hand. some face. But, foolishly, I did not like this man; why, I could not have said. Mary's hand on my shoulder trem bled-was she, too, frightened ? " Mr. Fry l" ejaculated she. At the same moment Marmaduke said, " how did you come here ?" He had a nature which did not con trol the show of his feeling. I saw he did not Welcome this friend. "The door was ajar, my dear KempeoD, and I can just manage to put two and two together. I thought to myself, that musical manias is practising." "He ceased for a second, but I could not say he hesitated, then began again, "a change has .come over the spirit of my dream, and it was needful I should sea you to-night. I was on my way to your pateinal abode, but it was a better chance to see you here.,' "I am not alone. I cannot talk business now.". Was Marmaduko querulous? I scarcely knoew him; I had yet to find out that he had the artist tempera ment which is sympathetic, is easily pleased, and easily troubled. "And still is not that the silver liing for the cloud ?" The man bowed to Mary and me. What a foolish specab, thought I; and none the- better did I like him for it. Marmaduka played, and whatever elso he might be, I am suire ho was a horn mueioian. . Afterwards Mary told me that every oparo moment he .had he gave it to musio. That night, even, I think eho told: on much noa that as we walked through the dark cathedral aisleb' to the little sido door. The two mon:weroebohind us, etay. ing to look up the organ.' We had to wait for them at the. dobr, for, inotead of leaving it ajar s'hoe. had found it, Mr. Fry had closed it. "Foolish mauln said I; "'.I would have much preferred being in the outer euommer darkness than in the shut-up church." Had the man a faculty for coming upon pedplo unawaree ? Ho was at my shoulder, saying: "I hope that was not meant for me. I am afraid you said it because you found the door shbut ?" " Yes, I did." No doubt it was very unladylike, but my tongue was made to say some thing rude to this man. However, his politeness was perfect. He would not see my intent. "I must plead guilty/' said he, in his musical voice, " and I-will tell you the reasoo." - " You are very food of talking just' now, Fry; I think.". Marmadnko spoke with irritation; and why ? Might not his friend speak if he chose ? " Yes," answered the other quietly. "But we. were passing.through the doorway. I always was conceited. Miss Kempoon will tell you the same." He seemed to wait for her to speak. Mary laughed a little uneasily. "Am I to- cattlogue your virtueso, Mr. Fry, or your vices ?" ' I ehould not like to hear you. speak of the last." His voice wan lowered for only Mary to hear; but the utterance of the low words was so clear that. my ears caught them. Buddenuly :Mr. Fry setoloped;, and said, " good night, then. My way lies in the opposite direction." "'How, eo?"- this from Marmna,. duke?. "I thought you told me it was all. square ?" - "Aessuredly, my good friend-an aunedly. , But there may "be other matters of my own." " Bosh l". Marmaduke turned on his heel. This friend of .his seemed to have converted him into a mnas -of .irri tation . "Como along, there's a good foellow the governor will bo glad to see you." " Yes ?" Mr. Fry said this one word quietly, fso if he considered there might be . doubt attached to it; and he stooped his head, waiting silently. I fanoied he was settling in his own mind some pros and cons of expediency. He presently lifted his head, looked across me to Mary--wo were standiing in a mixture of moonlight and gas light, and well able' to .see each other -then he said, "Not to.night, thanks, Kempeon; but I. mean-to come. in soon. Perhaps to-morrow morning." Then he left us, and went home. (To be con:inued.) 