PEARLS CHRISTMAS-RID17] liy “QUEENiK’’ -rn-.s UilUm Talbot was giving a little (liuuoL- in honor of her daughter's birth day . A dozen guests sat around her well appointed (able, witli its charming deco rations of white chrysanthemums and leathery maiden-hair, and a good deal of meiy chatter was going on, mingled nil 1 soft ripples of laughter, so that the hostess was able to assure herself com placently that she had paired-the right people together, and that her ifertv was going to be a success. Miss Enid Clifton-Xalbol, although the queen of the day, was certainly not the centre ol attraction at her mother's table. As that lady had not expected that she " 0111(1 ,J0’ "-as not disappointed. Enid was pretty and winning, of course, but »°\v .shine in the presence of I earl Sumner, her cousin, the brilliant young beauty who bad turned the beads °. a score or two of men during the pre vious Loudon season? Miss Sumner bad been taken down to dmuer by Sir 1-Ingh Boyd, a jovial young sporting baronet, who owned tin estate not many miles away from Clifton Court. On her other side she had the rising artist. Mr Maurice Holland, whose clever black-and-white ,' work. had brought him intoypromineivce during the past two jyear*.'- Mrs, tSlifiou-Talbot's ont '• young llo'-, ™i. and to declare' that he was of low-;., Origin: bur. whom Pear) had iww v wujiiii, v* utv.i i Uilll litlU challenged him to verify hi.^ statement upon one occasion, ho had been com pelled to admit his inability to do so. All he could say was that Mr Holland was never known to talk about his people, and that certain “fellows” said he had been educated by charily. “Oh. if you go by club-room scandal,” declared Miss Pearl, with a scornful lilt of her deliciously-dimpled cliin. “But 1 do not, remember. Therefore, it U of no use to repeat such things to me. un less you have more definite grounds (o go upon.” " : And she had been cool to him for a week afterwards. This had happened in the summer, and Eustace had left the Court in September, in order to pay a round of visits. It now wanted but a few days to Christmas, and he had just returned, having seen no one half so pretty as his cousin Pearl during his'ab sence. and having decided in his own mind that she and no other should be the mistress of Clifton Court in the future. Miss Sumner was as yet quite uncon scious of her eousin’s intentions. Now and tlien she gave him a friendly smile across the table that seut the blood rush ing through liis veins. He felt that he loved her far more passionately than he had doue three months before. And surely she had grown lovelier during bis absence. To-night she wore a simple white gown, with short, puffed sleeves, and folds of white silk about her slim waist, in which she looked almost a child in spite of lier.uiueteen years. Her milk white neck aud arms were bare, aud the unrelieved white of her gown seemed to accentuate the vivid rose-red tints of her lips and cheeks, the deep blue of her eyes, the bronze hue of her rippling hair. Young Holland seemed greatly to admire her, too. and he certainly paid more at tention to her than to the lady who had fallen to his lot; but then, Mrs Vereker was not an exacting person, and thought more of her dinner than of desultory con versation. Pearl began to speak of Christmas when the dinner was drawing to a close. She and her aunt and cousins were to spend S\s/fvith her guardian, old General Sumner,(her father’s elder brother. WI19 lived in A rambling old bouse in' Kent, about thirty miles from the Court. •\i like/going to Lyndhurst.” she said. •‘Tnr.m In..a- is voiy indulgent .a«.3r.ba? old-fash?med notions about Christmas. He keeps up the custom of telling ghost stories oh Christmas Eve, and he insists on having snap-dragon and games, .early dinner oh Christmas Day. and a dance for the servants in the evening. I danced with the footman last year, and it was such fun! I am glad that you arc going this time, Mr Holland. I know you will enjoy it all.” Eustace bit his lip angrily beneath liis moustache. How had “that fellow” managed to secure an invitation to Lynd hurst? he wondered. He had expected to have Pearl all to himself, and now But he was not really afraid of Hol land; he had a spoke to put in the wheel of that presnmiug young artist. For a few moments he sat regarding the great bowl of flowers in front of him, and then he roused himself, and, bending forward, addressed his cousin: ‘Tearl. how would you like to go down to Lyndhurst on your bicycle?” he asked. The soft' pink flush deepened on the girl’s cheeks; her eyes beamed. “Eustace! It would be charming! Why did I not think of it? And this frost has made the roads delightfully firm. Will you take me?” “With great pleasure, little cousin,” he returned, smiling. “It will be a nice spin for us. Euid. I know, will prefer to go by rail with mother.” “Then that, is settled,” said Pearl, gleefidly. “Thank you so much, Eus tace.” .She gave him a soft, grateful glance across the table from her sweet blue eyes, and after that he could bear to see her turn again to Holland. Even when, later in the evening.the pair wandered off to the conservatory, Eustace merely shrugged his shoulders, and made no at tempt to follow them. Holland was not, he argued within himself, on such fami liar terms with Pearl that he would be at all likely to propose to her to-night. And when Pearl knew the truth concerning him, as she soon would know—— Meanwhile, Maurice and Pearl walked between the rows of flowering plants, a soft, subdued light falling on their faces from a number small • lamps shaped like roses and j lialf: opened lilies. Pearl’s hand; rioted lightly on her companion’s! "drift ; her large, soft eyes looked wistfully tip Into his face. All her pretty;, coquettish 'airs were put aside in this man's presence; for Pearl had given her heart to the young artist months before, and, although she believed that she:had se cured his in exchange, he had never told her so. That he loved her she felt con vinced. Why, then, did he withhold the words that had more than once seemed to tremble on his lips, and that would have set her troubled doubts to rest? “Perhaps he is silent because of mv horrible money,” she thought, some times, “He is not rich yet, I know; but he is so clever that he is more than my equal. And yet I cannot tell him so.”' Young Holland's manner was rather more constrained than usual on this De cember evening, and Pearl's heart beat heavily beneath her pretty white bodice. “Shall you be at Lyndhurst when we arrive there on the 23rd?” she asked, presently, as they paused to! admire a particularly fine chrysanthemum. “I shall not be there until after Christmas Day,” he replied. General Sumner understands tlmt. I thought you might be aware of it. I am due at Lyndhurst on the 2Gth. I—I dWays spend Christmas with iny own. people.” Pearl looked up eagerly. TTkis was the first time that she had, 'heard him allude to his “people.” “Do they—shall you be In town then?” she inquired. “No. They—-my parents I mean-live (a the country.” Ho said, nothing further, and Pearl ic*t that Ills tone did not invite ques tions. Ho might have been a little more confidential, she thought, and not have treated her almost as a stranger. The tears rose to her eyes, and she heed lessly plucked tlie finest bloom from the plant, and scattered its feathery white petals over the floor, “Oh, you mischievous little lady!-’ ex claimed Maurice, in a bantering tone; and then she noticed what she had done, and tried to laugh. “We had better go back to the draw ingroom,she said. “I am always get ting into disgrace with Tomkins for de stroying his plants. He comes grumb ling to auntie, with such a long face.” And so the little interview from which Pearl had hoped so much was over, and it had brought only disappointment. She wished that she had not suggested that ■he should be invited to Enid’s birth day dinuor. She no longer looked for ward to Christmas with joyous antici pation. The fun would take place be fore Maurice’s arrival, and. she. would be obliged to take part in it and to pre tend to lie happy, whilst all the time her iieart would ache with that strange dull pain that had of late marred all her brightest moments. - Maurice left the Court shortly afteiy eleven, in order to catch the midnight train to town. He did not say 'good bve to Pearl, who, at the moment of h.s'departure, was Seated at the piano, with half-a-dozen men clustered around her. to whom she was giving a spirited imitation of a popular music-hall ar tiste in one of her latest songs. The lamplight fell upon her waving bronze hair, her saucy upturned face and sparkling eyes, as Maurice turned in the doorway for one last glimpse of her. Was she a thorough coquette? he wondered, and could she have been playing a part an hour ago, when her wistful, clouded eyes had sought his, her little hand trembled on liis arm? “I will put my fate to the touch—after Christmas,” he thought, as he ran down stairs. rear! seemed in very good spirits dur ing the next two days. She was gra cious to her cousin Eustace, and raised his hopes considerably by her pretty affectionate manner. The pair went out skating and cycling together during the daytime, and sang duets in the draw ingroom after dinner. Mrs Clifton-Tal bot was delighted with the aspect of af fairs. She had long coveted the young heiress for her daughter-in-law, and she really wished to see Pearl married, so that Enid might, have her chance. For quiet little Enid was always overlooked in the presence of her brilliant cousin. On the morning of the 23rd the frost still continued. There was a good deal to be done before lunch in the way of packing, but the family assembled in the dining-room at one o’clock, which was an hour before the usual time. Pearl was arrayed in her neat fawn cloth skirt and coat, with smart little gaiters to match, in readiness for her journey. “We must start in an hour’s time, Pearl,” observed her cousin, as he carv ed some delicate slices of turkey for her. “Make a good lunch. We shall be there as soon as mother and Enid, I daresay. If we only do ten miles an hour, we can reach there at 5 o’clock.” “Tompkins says we shall have a change in the weather,” put in Enid. “The wind has veered round, and he predicts snow before long.” Tompkins is generally right in his predictions, but the snow will not come before we reach Eyndliurst. We are not going to be frightened out of our ride—eh, Pearl?" said Eustace, laug'li ing. “ Certainly not. Oh ! not all that tongue, auntie, please! uever eat it.’ ■4S*L;J “I thought you were to make a good iniicii, ' said i\ untie/' iviui xnoctt seier ity. "All, mother, wait until after our; ride. Pearl will have found her appe tite then; and as for myself—well, if you get there first, you can warn them* to have special relays of tea and hot cakes in readiness for us.” j When the pair were ready to start Mrs Clifton-Talbot and Enid went to the hall door to see them off, and waited until a bend in the avenue hid them from view. “How graceful Pearl looks on her ma chine!” remarked Enid, as she closed the door. “And what spirits they both are in! Do you know, Euie, I shall not be sur prised if when we see Pearl again she is an engaged young lady.” “I shall,”' muttered Miss Enid, but the words were spoken under her breath. Mrs Clifton-Talbot did not like to be con tradicted, and her daughter seldom at tempted to do so. Meanwhile, Eustace and bis cousin skimmed lightly over the road, side by side. Both were fond of the pastime of cycling, and Pearl seldom had a chance of indulging in it save when her cousiu was at home, as her aunt objected • to her riding alone at any distance from home. The wind was very keen to-day, but the girl was warmly clad, and she had put on a veil to protect her face and ears. Through the meshes of this Eustace could see the lovely vivid glow on the cheek nearest to him, like the tint of a geranium petal. “We have done thirteen miles already.” he exclaimed, as they passed through a quiet little village, and he consulted his watch, the hands of which pointed to the hour of three. “We shall be there before the others, at this rate.” “But how dark it is growing!” ob served Pearl, with a glance around. “It might be four o’clock instead of three.” “That is accounted for by those heavy clouds over there. I am afraid Tompkins was right, aud that we are in for a snow storm; but we may reach our destination before it comes.” “It will be fun if it does come, I think,” laughed Pearl. “Not so enjoyable as. you fancy, little lady. I have been caught in a snow storm before now. The white flakes blind and confuse one, and after a bit the roads are rendered almost impassable for cycles. But we must hope for the Tjest.” At half-past three the two were ob liged to dismount, in order to light their lamps. They had made good speed dur ing the hour, aud were now twenty miles from home. Eustace congratulated his cousiu on her skill in riding. “The wind is not in our favor either,” he said. “You have done famously. Pearl. Only ten miles to go now, and \- By .Tove! it is beginning to snow, after all.” Pearl extended her hand in its little fur-lined glove. A white flake fell on it, and rested there for a few seconds ere it melted away. “Don't look concerned, Eustace. We have not far to go now.” she said. “Here are two roads. Which one are we to take?” ■ “The—the one .Jo the left, if I remem ber rightly. Yes. this is it. Come along. Pearl. I hope you are not tired.” “Not at all. I am good for twenty miles yet.” But the road they had taken was not as smooth as the one they had left. It was a by-road, in fact, and the occasional ruts and loose stones caused a good deal of jolting. Pearl found that she could not keep up her former rate .of speed. The snow was falling quite heavily, too, anu the large white flakes flew into her f.aco with great persistence. Her yeil soon clung to her Qfteefe t\k& wet ra,g, and she waJs obliged to stop and remove it al together. ‘•What a very solitary part of the world this is!” she remarked, presently. “The houses seem to get fewer and fewer. 1 thought I knew all around Lyndhurst for miles, and yet this part seems quite strange.” “I have just been thinking the same,” said her eousiik “We ought to be within five miles of Lyndhurst, and yet Pearl, dear, I am afraid that we have got out of our way. I have only been down here once before by road, and I—I must have made a mistake now.” “Had we not better turn back?” asked | Pearl, trying to speak lightly. ! “Oh, I think not. We are at such a I distance from the cross-roads, and there j may be some means of gaining the di rect route without going back. We will stop at the next house we come to, and make inquiries.” •Pearl pushed on courageously. It really required a great effort now, for the in different road was by no means im proved by the-falling snow that whirled also into her eyes. The wind was pierc ingly cold, and her cheeks and ears felt frozen. Blit she did not mean to give in. It was a great relief, nevertheless, When, her cousin called out to her to dis mount. , ‘'I.;’'' .. “We liavo~reaclied;a house of some sort,” lie,'Said. “I can see the lights in the windows, and here is a gate.” He fumbled'for file latch with his fingers. “Gome inside here, my poor, tired little cousin,” lie continued. “These evergreens will afford some slight shelter from the storm. I will go to the hall door and make inquiries.” Pearl stationed herself beneath a friendly tree, and leaned wearily on her machine when her cousin left her. How tired she was. and how cold! She could have cried with the paiu of her little frozen ears; and perhaps they were alto gether out of their way. and it would be hours before they reached Lyndhurst. If —— But her meditations were interrupted by the sound of voices, and her cousin re-appeared, followed by a tall, elderly man, bearing a lantern. Eustace ap proached her eagerly. “Pearl, dear, these good people insist that we shall take shelter in their house for awhile. I find that we are ten or twelve miles from Lyndhurst, and four from any station, and you must be so tired-” “Yes, indeed, young lady,” put in the stranger, in a hearty, kindly voice. “You must just bring your machine in doors, and let my wife look after you a bit. It's not a night for a dog to be out, let alone a delicate young lassie.” “You are very kind.” Pearl faltered. “What do you think, Eustace? Auntie will be so anxious, and Uncle Dick also.” “You certainly cannot go on without a rest. Pearl. I can see that you are done up. Sir, I think we must accept your kind offer for an hour or two.” “To be sure. sir. Come this way. young lady. We shall soon be under shelter. Here we are, and here’s my wife looking out for us. There’s noth ing Martha likes better than trying to make people comfortable.” And Pearl found herself drawn into a large, well-lighted apartment, that seemed to be a sort of farmhouse kit chen, with a wide, old-fashioned fire place and raftered ceiling. Here she was received by a motherly-looking dame in a black silk gown and a lace cap, who expressed much concern at the state of her wet garments. “You’re just wet through, my dear,” she said, touching the fawn coat here and there with a plump, .tender hand. “It’s" no use your sitting by the fire in these things. Come up stairs with me. and let’s see what cau be done. Father, I trust to you to see after the gfe'iillc-uian. Peggy!” -opening—-a door and raising her voice a little—“get tea ready at once.” Teai-l and her cousin protested against so much trouble being taken on tlieir behalf, but they were not listened to. Pearl was hurried up stairs, her damp things were removed, and she was arrayed in a skirt belonging to her hostess, the waist of which was a mile too large for her, a silk bodice, and over all a fine, old-fashioned Paisley shawl, which was brought from a lavender-scented chest. Very pretty she looked as she re-entered the kitchen in her quaint attire, with the loveliest flush on her cheeks, and her bronze hair curling in rings about her face. Eustace was standing near the fire, wearing a most, becoming loose coat of brown velvet in place of liis Norfolk jacket. Pearl was surprised to see such a garment in their present quarters, but from a remark that passed between her host and his wife she gathered that it belonged to a son who was away from home. The large round table in the centre of the room was laid for tea, and a red faced servant-maid was bringing in various hot dishes. Tea in this house was evidently a substantial reality, and not an apology for a meal. There was -a dish of hot porn sausages on the board, such delicately-flavored dainties as Pearl had never before tasted; there was broiled ham and eggs, and hot cakes, delicious home-made bread and butter, plum-calce. honey in the comb, and pre served ginger. The tea was excellent, the cream "rich and thick, and the two hungry travellers felt that their lines had fallen in pleasant places. “It’s not so often we get the chance of entertaining company,” said the mistress of the house, as she supplied Pearl’s plate with a nicely-frizzled slice of ha.ni. “It’s quite- a treat to us, isn’t it, father?.” “Father”- nodded. He was helping Mr Clifton-Talbot to a second supply of sausages. “It’s very lonely here in winter,” went on the old lady. “But we wouldn’t live anywhere else now.. Father was bom in this house, and I came to it a bride over thirty years ago. It was quite a farm then, but now we only keep a couple of cows, and a pony, and some poultry—just enough to keep our hands busy. There’s my son has wanted' lately to take a house for us just outside Lon don—a nice little villa, as he says—but father and me’ll stick to the old place.” “Does your son live in town?”- asked Eustace, in a tone of polite interest. “In London, sir? Yes. to- be sure. He's quite a great man now- is our lad. and makes pictures. I can show you two or three in the sitting-room- by-and-bye. From a little toddler he was always try ing to draw things, and when he got old enough, nothing would do but he must go to" a School of Art, and when he was twenty he won a scholarship to study, abroad for two years, and so-he went on, until now lie’s made a name for himself, j Perhaps you’ll have-heard of him—Mau rice Holland.” There was a momentary silence. Pearl laid down her fork, and looked across the table at her cousin with wide, startled eyes. Something in the expres sion of his face caused a sudden sus picion to eute-r her mind—a suspicion that increased to certainty when she no ticed the- dull flush that crept to his i brow. “Martha, my lass, you mustn't think that everybody hai heard of the 1&$,” put in the good woman’s husband. <:Oh. but we have!-’ cried Pearl, quick ly. “He is a friend of ours. Why, he I dined with us only the other evening, i ‘ And to think that he is your son, and we > never knew it!” With a charming little i gesture she~slipped her hand within that i of Mrs Holland, by Wn'ose side she was seated. “We must be great friends no#/' she said, sweetly. The old lady stooped and kissed the up turned face. “Bless you, my dear, to be sure: we' will,” she returned, heartily.. “And so you saw our Morry only the’other night? Well, the world is but :t small place, after all. We haven’t seen him for a month, but he’ll be down to-morrow night. He never fails to spend Christjrm's Day with • us.” Eustace was rather silent during the rest of the meal, but Pearl talked in her prettiest manner, and completely fascin ated the simple farmer and- his wife. They would not hear of her leaving their roof that night, and slio professed herself perfectly willing to remain, if only Eus tace could get to Lyndhurst, in order to allay the anxiety of his mother and old General Sumner. It was finally decided, that Mr Holland should convey Eustace aud his bicycle in the trap to the near est station, and that the young man should return on the morro.w to escort his cousin to Lyndhurst. - Before Eustace’s departure the cousins were left alone for a few moments, Mr Holland being in the stable, and his wife in the outer kitchen, giving.iliyections to. the servant. “I hardly like to. leave''j'pu,-;I,eaidf’I_> said Eustace. in-lpw tones. . Vyy1 '“■ “Why not?"—rather coldly.^. “I am norant, uncultured. It is surprising that Maurice Holland could have come of such a stock." Pearl turned and looked him straight in the eyes. “ It is no surprise to you, Eustace: You have often hinted that Mr Holland was of lowly birth, and you knew it when you brought me here to-day—on purpose.” “ Pearl 1” “Don’t stoop,to deny it. Eustace.^ I feel convinced that I am right. You wanted to let me see for myself ” — “ And now that you have seen..Pearl, ’ he interrupted, eagerly, “ you will treat that fellow as he deserves.” “ I—I will try to do so.” “ Aud you will give me a chance ? I love you, Pearl—you must know it— and if you will only give me a grain of hope” - ; But Pearl turned from him with a superb gesture of disdaiu. ^ “ I would not marry you, cousin, for all that the world could give me,” she said, in cold, sweet toues.^ On the following morning a tall, fair haired young man, witli a clcan-sha-ved. resolute face, strode up the suow eovered pathway that led to the side door of the Thorpe Farm, as old Mr Holland’s house was still called. He lifted the latch and entered the large kibcticn used for cooking purposes ; but nobody was there, and he passed on to the general living room-. Mrs Hol land was there, stouing plums at- the round table, and seated beside her, a big cooking apron tied on oyer her fawn gown, was a lovely girl, who was deftly removing the peel from a large apple. At the sight of her the new arrival stood still in the doorway, a look of amazement upon his face, and Mrs Holland observed liim aud sprang up with a cry : with friends. , c. ■ ' -■-ton. ca. your friendsrelear. They Kre iiiutP enough in their way, but they are ig •• Maurice on. my uoy ; When he had kissed his mother, the young man turned to the girl, who re turned liis gaze demurely, though the color deepened in her cheeks. “ Miss Sumner.” he faltered. “ You did not expect to find me here.” she said, • placing her little fingei's. ,;in. his strong clasp. “ But I am here, yoii see, and—and.very much at home. We must tell you about it by-aud-by.” i -‘W" -hd vmi till pypr.inv. Maurice,” said liis- mother. “I found I could get here-before, mammy, dear, so I came by the earliest train. Miss Sumner, I thought you would be at Lyndliurst.” “ You seem dreadfully curious. I must explain,” said Pearl, laughing. “ And I will go and get you some lunch, my boy,” said Mrs Holland. “You must be hungry, and Peggy is busy up-stairs.” She bustled off., while Pearl, related her adventure of the previous day. suppressing her knowledge of Eustace's little plot. “ I thought I was dreaming when .1 , saw you here,” he said, when. she liad finished. “And you looked so much at home—so sweet—in that white apron. And you do not .despise- my people, after all T “Despise them! I—I love.them. I -~ should be a wretch if I did not,..after '. all their kindness.” “Then you must despise me for my false pride. I was ashamed of your knowing that I—that my dear old. father and mother were not of y.our order. That is why I never spoke”—. Pearl could not resist the words that, rushed to her lips : ... “ But you will speak—now ' He caught her in his arms and pres- . sed with his own those .sweet lips upon which his idle fancy had feigned so manv kisses. “ What will your guardian say ?” he whispered, presently. “He never refuses me anything I want. And, oh, Maurice—I may say it now—I—have wanted you since I began to think you cared.” “Not as I have wanted you. But yon seemed as far above me as the stars. Oh, Pearl, my sweet—my precious Christmas gift!” And Mrs Holland, entering the room at that moment with a -tray in her liands, nearly let her burden fall to the ground in her astonishment. For her son Maurice held her young guest in his arms, the girl’s ruffled head rested most; confidingly upon his shoulder, and. the wintry sunshine, streaming in through, the window, fell upon two faces on which Love had just stamped his own | unmistakable seal. —“l^naon weekly | midget.' 