IN TOWN . AND C OUNTRY. (By "Rus;") Under a special heading of "The Drought," a Cobar paper publishes the following item: "The drought afflicting the western districts remains unbroken, and pastoral prospects remain of a gloomy hue. On Wednesday night a thunder- storm came up on Cobar from the north-east, but no rain fell. Next day a fall of 25in was report- ed from Nyngan and one of 30in from Tindarey In view of such stupendous falls of rain in the comparatively close neighborhood of the mining town, it is difficult to realise that the drought in the western districts still remains unbroken. Surely "inches" should have been "points" - more's the pity! Cobar, at last reports, had barely two months' supply of water left, and the Chinese residents were letting off thousands of crackers in an attempt to fetch the long-waited- for rain. They are now confidently expecting it. Let. us hope that it will soon arrive, and in other fashion than through a typographical error. * In any ot: our Australian cities it ls a by uo means simple business to procure sp much strych- nine or arsenic as would poison a rat; and even if you comply with the legally prescribed form and get tl.e poison, the vendor serves you unwillingly, and regards you with an air of illconcealed suspicion. In the country, on the other hand, you may get as much poison for the mere asking a would kill a small army. For instance, if you wish td make a holocaust' of your iVrife .and family . and hide all traces as to tho procuring of the deadly agent, the best thing to do-would be to journey .to the nearest station and »there proclaiming yourself an expert poisoner of ,., native dogs, mentioning incidentally at the same ?time that you had come to camp on the run and try your luck, a' bottle of strychnine would be promptly handed to you without any of the ir- ritating formalities demanded hy the , average chemist. This is pne way only-there are lots of others. , 'Nor need,ypu restrict yourself to strych- nine. Arsenic and 'blue vitriol are so common as often to be had for tho inere picking up, espe , chilly about sheep yards, Avhere foot-rotting or '^.(dosing for worms lias been carried on; or around.; scalp-hunters' camps, whore hundredweights of arsenic have been used fdr curing marsupial skins., Every boundary-rider possesses a bottle or two of strychnine, and. leaves the stuff* lying itbout promiscuously, and at times visitors in his absence, taking it for baking powder or Epsom salts, suffer horribly and die. Most of this parti- cular poison now in use ls'colored a bright pink. . But there is plenty of the old, white stuff yet left. ?,Hls no exaggeration to say that many runs are . simply sown with strychnine scattered broadcast. 7--lu-dosing sheep thousands of pounds of arsenic -are ,used, every week; ..and,, the work over, the -, vessels employed in the.process, bottles, the pan V^nikius,' old buckets, etc., as likely as.not are left 'lying around the yards. Repeatedly we hear of poisoning cases on.'Statlb.ns. The . latest, comes \- from a.place near Narrabri-;(rí.S..^.'),::'whére\\.--the.;. ? report says : . ' 'At Molle, dur in g à mustering and y dratting of sheep, some forty people partook of wâter from a vessel' which was afterwards found tb have,'.'cbntaihéd'.arsetíic¿'i./:!A|IÍ who drank the wa- ter became seriously indisposée!, but there was in- sufficient poison in the vessel to lead to fatal con- sequences." That was touch and go. "Very/of ten it is go; and, without-a doubt, it is time that legislation did .something towards prohibiting the careless use of poisons in the country as well as in the town.. - ':v?.'. . . ' ? * ??. .. * . A gentleman who '.signs himself "Comeback" recently wrote to a Sydney newspaer a letter, in ?which" he deprecates the ruthless destruction of Australian native ' birds -by7 parties of holiday- makers: More particularly he mentions wild turkeys and emus as fast becoming extinct. Says he: ''The same';with all 'bur*'? beautiful native \- birds. I have sean boys go out shooting some of our most beautiful parrots just for the sake of a lew fine feathers. I put a stop to it on my own run;- I protect-all bird of beauty, and the emu, .'. alco the far-famed kangaroo. . I have not had a kangaroo shot for many years!./ and . they- are so tame that they will come up close to the homestead - a thing ?which surprises a good many. "Come- back" -is either, a - perfectly exceptional squatter or else, he has ro.stock on his* run,'judging*.from the way in which he talks of the "far-famed kanga- roo" and the-emu-both undeniable pests if pic- turesque ones. Of course; their total extinction .would be a great pity. But of that there is little danger, so long as the great paddocks of the jaorth-west exist, and to which the close settle- ment of the inside districts has already driven both bird and beast. Some time ago, out there, the emu was declared "protected,": but he increas- ed al such a. rate and' workéd'.such havoc,amongst lambing ewes that the restriction 'in most dis- ' tricts had to be removed,-although lhere are yet. one or two places where the penalty for taking the' eggs is something like 10 s each: . , 'P'ar more mis-, chievohs are the grass-eating fence-brealung.kan Barobs. Funny station- ' 'Comeback's" must be ; curious homestead's,, too, with marsupials "grazing around its doors, and, presumably, emus camping ¿Uuthe garden. - And, if this' presetving business has. been going on. for long, Lt is difficult to see v\vKere ¿ny '- room Or. grass can be left for sheep, cattle, or whatever "Comeback'' grows. How- , ever, it is"so comforting in these days to hear of ,a ' squatter who can afford to do anything but work liimseK to death for/his mortgagees that "Come tack's'/ letter, notwithstanding the peculiar yiew;s it advances, i's "Welcome if only' a sign thaí ofee pastoralist has escaped the general doom,, and is free to follow his own fancy. * ' >N '* . .*?. Dubbo bas been bf late rather, conceited. lt íá' riot given to every Australian-township to enter- tain- as a' visitor-even iii "the .local hospital-an -''author and scientist, physicians linguist-,' littera- teur'and artist"; all rolled- into one. . The gentle-' man in-question. Dr. Emile Bernier, a natiVé^fs >Iauritius, has, it appears, been, like sundry other! jnebple of láte,--on tramp around and through the .world: : From Port Darwin to .Dubbo Hospital is . his last achievement; Interviewed by the local îftèwspapar, .the.doctor gave a brief synopsis of his life. Love. ofi. adventure, it seems, took him to South Africa; and says the report: "Hero he, ga- thered material :for his first .book; and on returnr lng to England later undertook the five years' arduous task now drawing to-a close. He talks of returning to Australia after concluding ar Tahgements in England for the publication of the carefully compiled and interesting record of his 'Journeyings; and testifies to the cordiality, good- will, and hospitality extended to him by Austra- lians generally. He desired to take the oppor- tunity of specially acknowledging t^e kindness af *<\- ? 3->3.tvna vrí»i-: ¿MO- . . . ene medical officer and nursing staff of the local hospitaiyio'i SO' ^fa'r 'as can be gathered there seems, in 4his~tca^fp;.tô, be no bet depend lng .on the.comple- tion pf:thi^task,''wh.ich will end at Brisbane after a. five; years' .tramp. Nor has the traveller, as with so-many ojf-'his confreres, taken any vow of po ^?ertyi.-JjV'Aïid he, seems on "the whole fairly -well pleased "with Australians, and will, it is to be -hoped, unlike ccrtairij other famous visitors, havo >(ft -goad Word for us in the forthcoming book. But why ¡should such an eminent man not visit the capitaliñia^.r^ernain satisfied with Dubbo Hospital, when hé'might- have had the Sydney or the Prince Alfred to recuperate his toil-worn frame in? It î really is not fair to us. None of tho other notable trampers neglected us in such cavalier fashion. Ono comfort, the doctor talks hopefully of re- turning-after publication. Thus we may see him yet. Meanwhile, his Duhbo friends and others will be looking forward to his book with the greatest interest. Let us hope the doctor gets good publishers, and that in his "impres- sions" he won't forget the nursing staff and the medical men of the Dubbo and any other hospitals . he may have had occasion to patronise during his weary Ave years' wanderings. lit . * ?* rit I Remarks with subdued bitterness the President ¡of-the "Wesleyan Conference, recently sitting in Melbourne; "A gentleman calling himself a Christinn clergyman loft this building with a hat ¡ which did not belong to him. He took a nice new beaver and left, in its place cine which was, not hew, and was not a beaver." "Long ere this the President should have learned that even the Archbishop of Canterbury, let alone á mere Chris- tian clergyman, would fall before the temptation I'of a "nice new beaver," and drop into sin in the presence of a better "gamp" than his own. And the President, judging from his remarks, evident- ly knows who tho culprit is; nay, perhaps, even refrains from taxing him for fear of being met with a tu quoque. Be this as it may, the reverend gentleman will, doubtless, for the future keep his beaver on his knee. HJíe. bushman typical of certain Australian stories is still well to the fore. Here is one of him-and the end of him: "A swag was found on Wallandool Station last weeli which has aroused .suspicion as to the fate of the unfortunate indi / vidual, to whom it belonged, who, when last seen; was suffering a. recovery from a drinking-bout, and was pursued by an imaginary foe; - on '.the embankment of a large Ldam. His swag was spread out in the form of a bed, his hat, boots, and billycan lying about, still there1 was no ap- pearance of the owner." Throw in a bush grog shanty, a drinking scene, lots of medium curses, with "blanks" to represent the first-class ones, a certain amount of alleged bush dialect; mulga and brigalow scrubs for local color; and season to taste with curlew walls and dingo howls, and you have the whole story. Unless you like to follow the drink-sodden corpse to the bottom of the big dam, and" tell how the crayfish in their turn suffered from delirium tremens. That the police ap- preciated the situation to a nicety is evident, as the report concludes: "The; storekeeper on the station rode thirty miles last Sunday to acquaint tho police, who seem to-treat the matter.^with the greatest indifference, and pleaded being too busy to pay attention to the case just then, but would probably go out next Sunday." Meanwhile, in that droughty land lots of people will come along and slake their thirsty perhaps, unwitting of the little incident; and even, if seized of it, compelled to fill their water-bags, and give the dam the benefit of the doubt. And, after all, Sunday to Sunday is only a week! * . * * *' "P," in a recent letter to the Sydney "Evening News," goes straight to the root and truth of the matter, and In a few trenenant sentences, ex- plains the cause of the drought that has been and still is working so much havoc in parts of New South Wales. Says "P": "The cause is over- stocking, and the use of too huge paddocks. Sub- divide the paddocks, and spell them turn and turn about- that's. the remedy. But, then, as neatrly every holding is in the hands of the banks or some other kindred financiad institution, thece is absolutely no hope." There, in half-a-dozen lines, you haye the whole affair-the cause, the remedy, and the reason why the latter cannot be applied. With few exceptions, every staticn in the colony is mortgaged up to its boundary-fences, unable, many of them, to even attempt to pay the interest on money bor- rowed for stock and improvements. The financiers, if they want to clear even working expenses, must on the slightest chance keep stocking up, and re- placing the depleted flocks and herds. At least, they think they must. But, in reality, it would pay them ever so much better to spell their eaten-out. properties for a few years, write off their accumulated interest as bad debts, and start afresh. That is what'."P/V means, when' he re- marks, "there is absolutely no hope." * * <!. ?Some .cf . the-Chinesû amongst ;^ perhaps, more especially,in.-.-the country, turn out capital neighbors, and; 'citizens. But for them, the bush "whitesi::"v\'pulâi.very often" see neither fruit nor vegetable,^1 from-one .year's end to another. Nb traclcLséèms topiJppely for John, rib hut too iso-"" làted'for him "to find, with his tilted cart and in- variably "fat horse. r Still, it ls rather unusual to y discover * the " Caucasian acknowledging that ahy- good can come out'of Nazareth-or, rather, Foochow .ISEHf^igkbng^".The Glen Innes (N.S.W.),. people, however,, seem to have thought otherwise, ïôr:!.. j. ... -.: J "At Glen Inneston Tuesday, a Chinese carter nameÜ;Mby'Sfö&;:'wh'öchas been a resident of Glen j Innes fo'i«a numbér" of years, was presented with j a golp-wmôns%tùd''%na'in by his friends, prior to hf s depafí?u¥éQEo!r:"Ctílna.i Mr. Anschau, postma's ,te%?áúawiit?,. WS-'-Ev '"Potts' were treasurer and sec ,retary'ifegpectiVely -'to' the 'movement.'' *::._>*:I lo *2b;>scl r>di*y/r. ':i, * . ^ ? ? ... <'iíJTa¿'t!'-latefl7sea^ in Sydney has rnade] the'coúptry1 people r:orry :it tue expense of vtliejcítyí'aTsoí'set^c'ne of their poets at work. He , isflngst ' - » .J-T',;-'--IJ..< \- . . J,ttw^s ah island boat c'ame upth? famous Sydney rn(.;Pprt,; >..? * ? ? - With( «ufa-ibrownecl sails and bulging side, on which the-paint was shoi't ; Anti which dropped'anchor in-the stream, and ser-t \- four paper men A note requesting them to call for something past their ken. That's a bit rough on thc smart little Emu. Then, the bard turning his' attention to the re- porters, continues: . . The scribes came down with notebooks out, on stray sensations bent, By worried subs, half dead with work quite . thoughtfully sent. ' And into them those sailor men poured stories of i the deep, ; v . f r » . %i Knough to make the type fly tip'mid fré'sK inked rollers creep. ? iWell, of course, as is almost forgotten now, the bones were "the . property of some departed whale." But; tho country-need not envy us nur little sensation, considering the number uf "cu- rios" it is constantly sending us news of-death adders of abnormal length, calves with four hcaJd, and lambs with three, marble men, all sorts and conditions of ghosts, and other things too nume- rous to mention; and that our poets never mike use of as a vehicle through which to hold the coun- ! try up to ridicule. Sparks from pipes have in the bush been respon- sible, ere now, for very great mischief, - but sel- dom, surely, has a solitary spark been the cause of a more lamentable train of accidents that those lately chronicled by a southern paper. Says the report: "The wife of a farmer was burnt to death recently all through an apparently simple cause. She was riding in a trap wiih her husband, when a spark from his pipe set her dress on fire. Before thc husband could get her out of the vehicle she was a mass of flames, and before the fire was ex- tinguished the poorweman was dreadfully burned from head to foot. She died an hour later, and was conscious to-tbe last. Then, through the hus- band í-olliríg her in the grass to extinguish the flames; he started a fire which destroyed 20 acres of grass, and it was with the greatest difficulty that some new stacks of wheat and hay and the homestead of .a farmer in the neighborhood Avere saved. .'. - *. ,-. . . * * . Patriotism has. always been, and still is, a dis- tinguishing feature of the country press, and in innre than one newspaper the alleged conduct, of the "Libre Parole" in encouraging the people of Nice to insult'-her Majesty the Queen has excited the utmost reprehension. One writer in particu- lar gives it to the French paper hot and strong. Says he: "When Frenchmen get panic- stricken at a fire-as" recently some did at a fair at Paris and. in order to escape struggle with and beat their helpless women folk, they ore doubtless act- ing with impunity; as of course they are in a shipwreck-witness the famous one in the Atlan- tic-in keeping back girls and children from the lifeboats by hacking them with their knives." That, of course, is all very well; but ere now Englishmen, although perhaps more rarely,, being a: less excitable nation, have been known ;to lose Hheir heads, and.behave in much the same fashion, in similar cases. Perhaps, as their critics aver, thu French have deteriorated during the last few de- cades. That is a matter we shall discover the reaj truth of when next we fight them. Statistics and ethnological speculations go for nothing be- hind guns. Continuing, the writer says: "But they, will hardly be on such safe ground as that in insulting the Queen of England, since every slight will have to be atoned for to a nation which, rather than accept one in silence, would drag his Ex- cellency the French Ambassador from his couch, and kick him into the Thames." ' ; Which proceeding, by the way, is about the last one the most rampant" jihgoès would have thought of. And as for slights, well, jip'-to within the. past year or so, England has rather made a name for herself by the meek and lowly fashion ~ Tn" WliTch she^-curnea-th<r-othor cheek. Our en- thusiastic friend, too,-:should he-rather .more care- ful in his remarks, especially as regards kicking,'; an art which the nation whose courage he im- pugns, and whose representative he threatens, excels in. , There are even in his remote district, subjects pf the Republic who would ask nothing better than to display :,on!. his person their pro-., ficiency in "la savate." Here is a wrinkle for shipowners, worth, . to some of them, the proverbial "Jew's eye." 'The Zion was a German barque, and had, amongst her cargo, a consignment of 300 casks of arsenic, a drug that, when taken into the human system, in minute particles, helps to fatten, and on-this ac- count is much prescribed as a tonic for convales- cents by the faculty. The story proceeds: "On board the Zion the men slept very near the large array of barrels containing the drug. When only a week out from port, the crew became aware of the fact that they were putting on flesh at rather an alarming rate. Some of them, as days Went by, became abnormally stout, in vast con- tract to the former slim appearance which many of them presented before the land was left. One m.ftn gained, lt is said, 251b." Splendid, is it not? Fancy the bewildered amazement of Hans and-Peter, as, even whilst hungry and often empty-bellied, on the Zion's scant fare, they felt the miracle .almost hourly taking place-hollow cheeks rounding into flesh, and lean paunches taking visible and protube- rant shape!. "Others were affected to a-less extent, but the aggregate weight put on by the entire crew was little less than 4001b, Several of the sailors were with difficulty recognised by their friends in Phi- ladelphia, so -gt eat had been the change in their appearance." - ; - Somethiner like fatteniner' this!- And. hencefor ward, economical shipowners should have a few casks of. arsenic stowed close.; to the fo'c's'le bulk- heads. . Then, reducing . the dietary scale below - even ... the regulation "pound. arid; pint," the skipper, when ' the men- rapidly fattening by" some incomprehensible agency. growl in angry hunger, cari, rig a pair of scales and convince them by such ocular demonstration as there is rio getting Over that they are making so much flesh, as will soon incapacitate them from duty unless they eat less. Some Liverpool and Glasgow owners will, no doubt, at once proceed I to make à practical use of-this new discovery; Young Australia, on. his travels writes to his paper dating from Kandy. in Ceylp*n:."To see .life in. India, I am told, one need not tramp over all the immense Indian "Empire; but .'it"suffices, to ;cwander through the streets and promenades, mar- kets, temples, church yar-ds, ruins; ; over : the mountains, through the jungles, along rice fields, rhea, cocoa, bearii, and cocoanut, etc.. rilantatiáns. and especially through the really paradisian walks and drives or the Botanical Gardens^St Paradeni' ya." He. for three weeks-:accordingly; did, th'isj sampling India by a few square miles .of "Ceylon; and then, thoroughly satisfied, sends off his im- pressions to the '.'organ" of his native township, writing with all the cocksure intolerance that our young are rather hoted fort As to the natives, he remarks, witV kindly contempt:-? ; "They all keep the .Queen's peace pretty weTl; are very cleanly dressed, walk árid drive in their -small perambulator like little bulloek-buggies and rickshaws,, dragged by. Zebu bullocks, small horses, and half-naked, bare- shanked, brown inen. '/We are told this is the kind of life all over India and inhabited senile, over-populated Asia." ; Poor senile Asia, .where science and the arts, commerce and literature, flourished thousands of years before any of UB or our country were ever dreamt of! Of course, such a person lays him- self open for information. And he gets it; all sorts of lt, and forwards it on in solid chunks like this:- ; "India, my informers proceeded, was in a state of moulting and out-growing, like Europe, the old withering scales of the ancient Radsha times of Thugs and Juggernaut, etc. The English militia (still a necessary evil in India) was greatly re- duced, and-in the same degree as the Christian white and colored Burgher element (through good schools, guided by brave, scientiflc'Tiedagogues) was increasing-the battalions of native volun t teers would be left in charge of the 'peace of tho Queen,' and later on might arrive a time when Ceylon, like tho, Australian colonies, would bo able to raise a claim for self-government, etc." It is comforting to learn that the English mili- tia in India, although still a necessary evil, will in course of time disappear completely; and the country, left In charge of native volunteers, will obtain the Messines of the franchise, local self 'government, "and all the rest of lt. Never, I venture to say; since the days of Clive, has such a forecast of the India of the future appeared in print. Visiting a monastery, "the smooth-shaven monks, clad in yellow' silk, writing " with bent backs and dim eyes," only inspired in our travel- . 1er a feeling of contempt for their slowness. "I think," says he, "if these ancient-minded (how- ever deeply studied) men only chanced to see a rotation printing machine they would give up in despair." Truly, "a little learning is a danger- ous thing," and more so to take abroad than to stay at-home with. " - - -;?-'?? . » . «? . , . American papers are nothing If not picturesque, both in their methods of putting matters before their readers, and in their imaginative coloring. Describing a heat'wave in New South "Wales a writer simply "spreads" himself, and in the most artistic fashion lies with a good humored, breezy disregard for facts that is really amusing. After remarking that "New South Wales is perspiring, groaning, and gritting its teeth under a succession of terrible hot sandstorms," the article continues: "At Sydney, with the thermometer registering 109deg, a duststorm swept through the city, the wind blowing forty miles ap hour. 'The entire population were compelled tb shut themselves up In their houses and breathe/through wet sponges." We are only just beginning to know o\ir climate from an outside point of view. And, reading tho above, Jonathan will, as likely as not, come to tho conclusion that lt's rather worse, If anything, than his own, with its blizzards and other disas- trous visitations. Continuing, the writer warms to his work. Says he:- . . "A train running into Bourke was chased by a hurricane that swept the country like a blast from a furnace. A greasy tarpaulin covering a car of chaff caught fire, and in five minutes tho entire trains were in flames, while running at the rate of 50 mllestiari hour to escape the hurri- cane.:?- When the train stopped, the passengers jumped from the car.. windows to save them- selves." - . } Between Deniliquin and . Broken Hill, too, it "seems that "the whole country was lit up by elec- tricity! Balls of fire ten times more: brilliant than aerolites danced along the whole length of the telegraph wire for more than 21 minutes." It's always well to be exact, and that matter of. tho extra minute is impressive. ; In his report on the force for 1898, the Trispëc tor-General of Police remarks: "During the year, the extension«j>f the franchise to members of the police force has come into operation, but 1 can- not say that it "has had a beneficial effect'upon the service"^ generally as a disciplined force. As, however, I was always opposed to the measure, ttie result has not taken me by surprise." If that 'statement does not practically amount to a whole- sale censure on the police of the colony, plain English has lost; its meaning. And that it needed qualifying, Mr. Fosbery evidently felt also the necessity of inserting a rap like this: "The con- duct of the police generally has been exceptionally good, only one man having been dismissed from the service during the year." Undoubtedly, the first portion of this contradic- tory, report is the correct one; and the service generally has, whether owing to the franchise or not, deteriorated. Deteriorated is, however, scar- cely the correct word, because its use implies that a better state of things once existed.. And wheua Mr. Fosberry applies the term "disciplined" to certain big men in blue who lounge about the streets of Sydney, we know that he is merely laughing at us. Most people will agree that che "mounteds" are, on the whole, a very fine Dody of men. But it isn't merely the possession of a horse that is answerable for the exceeding differ- ence between them and their City breth- . .ren--although the'horse really has more to do with-the matter than might be imagined; The troopers.are, on the whole, taken from a better .class than the foot men,, in addition to possessing amongst them ;a leaven pf well-educated men, . who inevitably make their presence felt. i *' * * '' *. The federation poets are gradually rising (o the occasion. . But they generally, want tö know loo much. For instance: Would you snatch from the lustre-geemed orbit of nations Oh! degenerate son, the fair land that you shame? Would you mock in her pleadings the genus of freedom Which calls you to bask in the sunburst of ? fame? Well, no, on mature reflection, one doesn't feel much-inclined to go in for anything of that sort. lt doesn't, somehow, sound legal and proper, sug- gesting in a vague fashion "language calculated," etc. But, not satisfied, the'bard, who by the way hails from Brigalow Flat, and is "barracking" for that' spot as a site for the federal capital, pro- ceeds- - , : , . Haye the glory, the pride of the race been sup« , ' planted, -.. ; a By thevtalisman power of the sordid pursuit? Must no sentiment glow in the breast of the pat- riot? Must the pocket decide while the spirit is mute? I give this batch, up. But if it is to decide a bet, and the poet is-a subscriber, perhaps the questions editar of this paper^fimy try ola Land at the thing. 