SOUDAN-SUPERSTITION- v The belie! in witchcraft & already vet; common-in Lower Egypt, The more one proceeds towards the Sooth, the.darker is the ekin of the natives -on the banks of the holy Kile, and <n the same degree their superstition takes .» more intense coloring. Tbe northern belief in ghosts disappears almost en tirely in tbe realistic mind of the South. While the limit of power of (lie sorcerer in the Delta does not extend beyond the "evil eye" (el-ain), love- charms, &c;, the Soudan does not content itself with such modest results. Kay, to the ntmost fright and terror of the Nubian and negro, both gifted with a fantastic imagination, the sorcerer transforms himself here at night time into the most savage animal, and under this disguise devours his innocent victim. In the Arabic-speaking Soudan, the the most common spotted hyena is called " marafnl.' 1 This animal plays an important part in African superstition by its nightly habiU of living, its appearance and horrible voice, which changes froom a deep howl into sounds reminding one |of fthe laughter of a maniac. The popular belief in Sennar and the Eastern Soudan is that the hyena is not an animal, but an erildoer changed by black witchcraft into animal form. Never has the hyena been seen iu sunshine, because tbe latter is believed to break the spell of witchcraft; but as soon as the light of heaven has disappeared in the West, tbe hoarse cries of these monsters gathering to their nightly feasts resound from every side. Aged women with red eyes and hoarse voices, who have missed their vocation in life, are generally believed to be witches, who take the form of these horrible beasts by manipulating the teeth of a hyena, or strange roots, or by other forms of sorcery. Tbe purpose of this transformation is supposed to be a secret desire foi human fiesli, and thirst for vengeance. Can one imagine a more horrible revenge than the tearing of the enemy's body out of the grave and devouring it! If sncli a hyena is killed, it dies as an animal. If it is only wounded, and it succeeds in reaching its hiding-place, where the transformation from man to beast has taken place (generally an anthill) it will retake its human shape. The wound, however, will remain, and, by following the traces of blood, the sorcerer can be hunted down. The superstitious natives are generally afraid of shooting a hyena, lest they shonld commit a murder. In the districts of Sennar, witchcraft and sorcery seem to be well spread and developed. Even the waters of the Blue Nile are made the scene of evil deeds, where the villain is disguised as a crocodile, and attacks mankind. The sorcerors transformed into crocodiles have a chieftan called " Bunnie," who oncc a year is visible ou a small sandy island opposite Sennar. It is an old jnalc crocodile of more than five metres in lengtb. These supernatural crocodiles cannot be distinguished externally from the real amphibia whose form tliey have taken aB disguise. It is, however, believed that the crocodiles which, at sunrise, raise themselves out of the water and face the morning sun are transformed human beings. Some sorcerers arc said to kill their victims by eating away their intestines in some inexplicable manner ; and so to cause their slow but certain death. As an example, an Arabian military doctor told me the following :— Iu the year 1878, an old woman in Fazolg had been accused of causing the death of a soldier in this manner, and she was publicly executed. Tbe doctor himself bad made the post-mortem exainaination of the soldier's body and had found the intestiues eaten away and torn. In Quallabat, at the frontier of Habesli, some of the Takarri arc said to have brought from their former home in Darfur knowledge of secret science, and to have developed the art of sorcery to such a degree that they can transform themselves not only into hyenas and crocodiles, but also into lions, How deeply superstition is rooted in all clasess of the Soudanese population is shown by the fact that, uuder the Governor Musa Pasha at the Hokiicdarieli of Khartoum,there was in lSG-i a round earthenware vessel still in existence, filled with mysterious roots, to which were led nil persons denounced for sorccry. Were they inuoccnt, they could approach the jug with a firm step. If, however, they were in league with an evil power they would tremble at the aspect of the urn, hesitate in their movements, and willingly confess their guilt without having been submitted to a crossexamination. Turning to the neighboring Christian \byssinia (Atuhara), we find that witchcraft and sorcery arc in a similar way at their nefarious work. Here it is the "Buddha "who addresses his intended victim in full daylight in the street or in tbe market under some pretext, and so bewitches him that he falls into a fever, and, attracted by an irresistible power, goes to find his sorcerer in the night, who in his honse or some quiet spot kills him to satisfy his desire for human flesh. This 6pcll, however, can be broken if in good lime some roots or leaves of special mcdical power are inserted into the nostrils of the victim, and certain chapters of the Scripture are read to him. In the year 1879, by order of King John, the property of several proven sorcerers was confiscated, aud they were marked on the forehead with red-hot irons to prevent them from doing further harm. The Nubians, Abyssinians, and the negro tribes of the White Nile have a firm belief in the power of the " evil eye." It is supposed to do harm to cattle and horses, and so to bewitch gnns that they constantly miss their aim. The eye of envious people is generally said to be gifted with this mysterious power, and persons baring a beautiful child, a fine horse or camel, will expose tlieni as little as possible to the gaze of strangers. They adorn them with all kinds of amulets to guard them against cvii influence. Such charms are a small bngbt silrer plate, a pierced silver coin, tusks of the wild boar, pieces of hard roots, or, as the most powerfnl of all, a small leather bag containing a piece of paper on which a uotation from the sacred writings is jjxipied. To" ' of; *' dorrah " against tlie m»lioions influence of the evil eye, the nativeof Toka plants jn his field a pole tipori #hich the bleachod skull of an px is placed. \- Fortune-telling and divination are everywhere at home In Africa ; they are carried on in tbe Eastern Soudan by a manipulation of Band^(dharb-er^raml). This is the art oT reading the secrets of the future and predicting distant'events from signs and impressions made with the fingers at haphazard on looBe Band; The Baggara Arabs sud the black Fur are most renowned for tneir skill and adroitness in this secret art. . In Kordofau and Darfur nobody will start on a long journey or undertake any matter of importance without first consulting the local sand oracle upon the result of his enterprise. An Arab frisnd of the writer, who had travelled long in the Darfnr, told him the following interesting incident referring to the art of reading in the sand. It had com* to the ears of the Turkish Governor of a province that an old man in the neighborhood was astonishing everybody by the exactness of his divinations. The Governor ordered this man to be brought before him, as he wished to submit him to a test. As soon as his messengers liad gone, he had two bares placed by tbe side of him under a " tabaga" (a Urge basket-like cover made of differently colored reeds and used for covering food). The messengers, however, did not find the old man at home. His nephew, who, but a boy, was already well known for his cleverness in the mysterious craft, offered to go (o the Governor in fais uncle's plaec, and returned with the' messengers. The Governor looked >t him with disbelieving eyes, and said, " My son, if yon can read secrets in the sand, tell ine what is under this tabaga." The youth shook up the sand which he had brought with him in a corner of hiB gown. lie sat "himself on tho ground, made bis manipulations and signs, and replied, after short meditation, " There, under the tabaga, is wool like the wool of newlyborn camels, there are also ears like those of donkeys ; if my uncle were here, lie would say that there are hares underneath that cover." Tha Governor was greatly surprised at the result of his test case, and gave the clever boy a handsome present. 