A TOUR ROUND THE WORLD. (iiy T. K. Vow, our Spc-iai Correspon dent.) Xo. XXXJ.— THE -;1A)K1OI'S FOl'UTH. TI;ere is r.othin;: in Australia, or in any 1 ;irt of tlii- lJHtish Empire, corrosi-oi!-liii« with 'die clonou* 4th of July'7 in America. Our Queen's birthday is tame and ieoblo in coi;i,i.iri-crii. The greatness of the day i= ljrpelv the result of concentration. An;eri-v. bivjine i nation by the single act o: sign ing; that Declaration of lndei- endei:..-e, u-iiidi is read on the 4th of July in every citv, town, and village throughout the Union, and consequently it is possible to coDimcmoiiite a preat deal tliat is dear to Americans and honor much tliat is dear to all free men by the celebration of a single aiii-.ivcn.ary. Tlie British nation gained its independence, and tlie liriiish Jieople won tlieir liberties by too long and graduated a process to admit -jf the grand result be injr honored by the rommcinoration of any one event. Nor is the 'Federation Day,' winch is to celebrate the formation of the Ausn.iliafi Coinmonwealtii, ever likely to reaeli the importance t»f the American an nivensary, lor it can never mean w- much. Wiien the sun ri^cs lie makes the birds ^injr; he shines bripiitcr at midday without caiisinjr the same commotion. Of all the 'glorious 4ths' perhaps the 4th July, 1898, was the most glorious;, for it celebrated, in audition to the usual events, the victory of America over Spain. For the iirst time the Republic had eu gaged in war with a European i»ower, and the morning of Independence Day brought the glad tidings that victory had been achieved. Tlie night of the 3rd closed in gloom. .Never atter Uewey s uniiiant per formance at Manila and Cervera's obling ing retreat into Santiago Harbor, was there any fear of the final result, but the war had now lasted long enough. Widows and orphans were beginning to wear mourning in too many sections of the States, and the sight of it was damping the enthusiasm of those who had for months been waving the Stars and Stripe' at all social functions. When Spain had said she was going to 'fight to the bittci end,' the American* remarked that 'Stiain seems to know what the end is going to taste like,' but shatter had l-een dallying long enough in Cuba. Yellow fever had broken out among ''the boys,'' and that was worse than Spanish bullets. Public opinion seemed at length to have aroused the phlegmatic general to action, and an attack was to be made on Santiago? which had been invested so long. On the night of the 3rd July the weary crowds had to disperse from the front of the newspajier offices and go home to bed with the ioformation that all the brilliant fighting of the day had only resulted in driving certain outposts into .Santiago, and that nothing more could be done without reinforcements. This would mean months of delay, and the tropical summer and tro pical diseases had already begun to fi;*ht on the side of the Spaniards. All along America knew of the wretched insuffi ciency of its naval department, but patrio tically said nothing about it, only waving the Stars and Stripes the more vigorously on account of it. But now this knowledge added cloom to the situation. In this deep gloom we went to bed; but what a bright and joyous day awaited us! The morning brought the news that Santiago had incontinently capitulated, and soon followed tlie tidings of Cervera's fleet hav ing been captured by the navy of America. In these circumstances, it can be imagined with what thankful joyousness and natu ral enthusiasm the Americans entered into the celebrations of Independence day in 1898. I was in R^n Francisco, and as no state had been more patriotic throughout the war than California, the various functions of the day were, no doubt, fairly represen tative of what was .going on throughout the Union. Operations coinm?'iccd with a : grand procession through the city— i kind of Lord Mayor's show Americanised, and further modified by the peculiar genius of the Pacific done. Although tuo is the 'Golden State' of California, Slav or Phelan does not ride in a gilded, coach, but in a. plain carriage, and there is noth ing to distinguish it from the others. It is covered with different-sized editions of the American flag, but that is no distinc tion, for all the vehicles, and the wl.ole of the buildings along the route of the procession literally bristle with these ex pression of American patriotism. livery window aud every coign of vantage must have its separate Bag, and to .«ay that 'no family should be without one' would bj a misrepresentation, for every member of the family had to be supplied. The stuff is sold by the square yard, jwles or sticks bv the dozen, and even man purchases according to his means, or, as the Scotch minister said, who always made a second- syllable of th-; plural termination, according to his '?mean- ess.'' Tlie result shows that tne first clause of the Declaration of Independence is not to be taken literally, but rather in a Pick wickian sense, for, while all men are born free to possess ;i flag «it!i the orthodox number of staro and rtripes upon it, they are not all equal to displaying the same superficies of bunting. One would have ex pected that the national sense of humor would have have excluded the use of tho^e little, stiff, undignified miniatures of 'Old Glory.' When the full-sized flag is spread out on the breeze, with its broad stream ?ers of red and white, flowing in undulating folds from a noble expanse of starspan gled blue, it seems worthy to 'wave o'er the laud of the free and the home of the brave,' but those pert little imitations, so u'ke fancy cake decorations, certainly come far short of 'filling the bill.' From one point of view they look as if the Span iards were on the scene trying to ridicule the Americans, but in reality they show the loyalty of the nation extends all the way from millionaire Pheian in his car riaj-e to the man with a S cent (la™. The procession is both long and varied, for tlie people are not amateurs at this kind of thing. It is the only 'big combine' of the year in the procession business, but the whole thing has been done m sections many times for every gathering of_ each 'society,' '?brotherhood,' or 'order.' and their name is legion, must get behind a band and demonstrate in the streets. Xo picnic would be complete without its pre liminary procession. All the orders, bro therhoods, &c;, i.-ossess regalia ot uniforms, and many of the uniforms are of a military character All these furnish good raw ma terial for a street show on a big scale, and in this lund of liberty or originality the clement of variety is never wanting. There is not much effort displayed in representing the peculiaritix.-* of the different trades and pr.-.!'essions, but the history, the objects, anil the principles of tile various orders and brotherhoods are eel forth with jnra.t suc cess by means of representative tableaux. J-inrge platforms, supiorted on lorries, are fitted up with living picture representa tions of all nhnsiv of'American life. 'The Ancient Ordor of Wild lied Men,' 'The D.iugh:ci* of the liepublic,' 'The Sons of the Pioneers,' and micu like associations, with their tableau repre «'iTtati»r-: of Indians' c-.-imp-, and Ind.ans and soldiers, viih the uniforms and fire arms of the la-t century, pursuing the wild r*?il men, arc feature* which make the f»r«H-?s-iou quite unli&cc; what is seen in ollior countries. Some of the painted raon representing Indians are riding bronchos, and nu Feniuiore Cooper element *eems to be wanting. It is a brave *how. Great energy has been thrown into the pcrfor inniK-e, and vast crowds have come to see. There is no doubt great rejoicing, but the people — both the performers and specta tors — express in a remarkable degree their feeling of gladness. It is only the com panies of soldiers that evoke cheers from the crowd, and even there outbursts of militarism are coni]-ar.itively feeble. For the most part, the people's joy is express ed by vigorous waviujr of flags, and when ecstasy is reached, you hair frequent cx clanmiions in undertones, such a« 'Kle- gant!'' 'That's just all right'.'' These com panies of soldiers form the adjoining camp, and They are frcir.jr to Manila. ISritish oilicers, who have admired the absence of stiffness in the ranks of our Australian volunteers, would lind much to please them in these troops, for loosener and free, and easy irregularity were conspicuous. These were exactly tile ssime kind of men who did the lighting against Spain, and their presence in the procession emphasised the fact that the battles were won, not by sol diers, but by raw, untrained, volunteer American citizens. Tlie 'literary exorcises'* were on the pro jri-.inmie for the afternoon, and it is s,j;ne \vii:ii *igniticai;t that the largest hall in the city was not chosen for the purpose, while tiie selected buiidii-.ir was not, more lh;ui comfortably tilled. The scene inside of the hidl was a brilliant one. die large propor tion of bdics with bright colored dresses ami a weaJtli ot Hovers, artificial, in hats, and natural in hand bouquets, making up a very attractive display. Oi course tlie w^Jis and roof were draped in American flags. It should be mentioned that there were no otner na^s whatever eituer litre or in rlie streets. 1 h.-td been reading of the blending o£ the Union Jack with the Stars and Stripes in the eastern states, and 1 looked round for some blending, but it did not come off. If any British subject in San Francisco owned a. flag, lie was keeping i i for some o;I:er occasion. I never siw a Uri ti.-li ila^' till I gol lo Canada. I »- fl'l at 1,os Angeles sliaL a large number oi il-'£s had been got from San Krancirfo lor blending purposes on 'ilie 4-l-i.' 1 hey had no u-e for them at the Golden Gale. A tableau -.n an elevated platform in Jlout janiiery-slreet. which the procession parsed, nas a vcrv elleciivc living pic lure representation. I'nclc Sam. in slnped lants and blue c-Ait, smiled under his white waver hat at the |u*sin? volunteers. He was s«in-orted by two «-Kliers. one in blue :uid the other in grey, the uniforms oE the North and South, and John Hull in an English hunting dre-s, very stout aud very red in the face, beamed approval on the lianpy group. 1 thought the old man was l-eiia\\-inc so nicely that they tui=ht have let him have his i!ajr. Rut all Hags save the one seemed to be tabooed, l-.ven the green Hag with a golden harp, which is so dear to the rulers of this city, was not displayed. America was at the wickets all the time. . There was a capita! programme, and it seems remarkable that the entertainment did not fill a much larger hall. The picnics and outdor sports of various kinds, how ever, appeared in Itetter suit the taste of the majority. Professional singers sang patriotic songs between the speeches, anil the s|icechcs were good of their kind, al though the kind would not suit the tasie of Jtrilish i-eople. The Americans have their own standard of taste in the matter of oratory- The orator is exjiected to reach an 'elevation of expression which would not be tolerated by an Knplish au dience. He is expected to make an ora torical effort, while the English s|-eaker must rigidly conceal all attempts at ora torical effect. The American audience will applaud the orator just at the point where an English audiem* would begin lo lauph. Mayor Phelan made a vigorous speech, only rising in places to the ar tifical and ornate; hut 'the orator of the day,' chosen beforehand ior the ]Hirp**, and vrho prepares himself for the effort ex pected of him, read, and read well, a highly wrought effusion, which was evidently re garded as highly satisfactory. lie was a popular lawyer, and his performance was unquestionably an able one. He commenced by establishing the fact that George \\\ ash ington, Benjamin Franklin, and other athers of the Beimblic. must, on that par ticular day, have left the great company of the blessed for the purpose of ?'hovering' over the United States. Raving established them in a. commanding position as deeply interested spectators, he asked the question — 'What must they eee?' He then proceed ed to answer that question, and it was cer tainly a grand right liiat he innjured up liefcre the view of those astonished ghosts, for it was the marvellous success of the American nation. He mkwi got on to the war,and in eloquent words he drew the pic ture of America, strong and sure of her own safety, |»iuring out her blood and treasure in order to secure the blessings of liberty for Ihe oppressed Cubans — a race having no claims upon her but those of common humanity. The war. he claimed, was a spectacle unique in the his ton- of the world, as having been under taken entirely without selfish motives. Cali fornia's self -sacrificing rart in tne drania was the closing scene. She l-ecame a very beautiful female person standing with her feet on the Golden Gate, her head among the stars, -which were her diadem, and em bracing the genius cf the Pacific Com merce, the Orient, and several other at tractive females, the whole making up a very charming picture. Why cannot the British in Australia and elsewhere have exercises of this sort? I am sure our sense of humor in preventing us robs us of a real pleasure. The best jiart of the programme is the reading of the Declaration of Indepen dence. It comes before tue oration, and there is nothing forced or artificial about it. Tlie men who drew up and signed the document meant business, and intense earnestness breathes in every line of it. They all felt what one of them said, viz., that if they did not all Iiang together they would certainly hang separately. There was1 nothing artificial about the reading of it at this function. The gentleman who aelivered the noble words, of the declara tion, with a rich Irish accent, put bis whole soul into his voice. It seemed as if the wrongs of these worthy colonists had been suffered yesterday, that the declara tion had just been drawn up, and that the reader would conclude by attaching his signature, being prepared to seal it with his blood. It did not transpire during the day that the attitude of England to wards America had in any way changed during the last 100 years, nor was any reference made to the part whicli England had taken among the European Powers in connection with the Spanish war. They say such things were mentioned in the East, and I left America without being fortunate enough to hear a single word upon the subject. My confidence in the Anglo-American alliance rests upon the conviction that the objects of the two nations uar.st in general be the same, for they i/Ossess the same notions in regard to liberty 'and justice. As for sentiment of the desirable sort, I looked for it in vain. Blood is uo doubt thicker than water, but unfortunately water, like the flowers which bloom in the spring, has nothing to do with the case. \Vhat of British blood there is in America is a matter of race, but what there is of na tional life is American, and nationhood stands above distinctions of race. It was something quite different from water that turned men of British blood into Ameri cans. I have not allowed sufficient space for the fireworks. There were so nuniy of them, and they made such a noise, tint 1 intended to fill this letter with au accoui-t of them, but I got carried airiy vith American oratory. Such a spontaneous, extravagant, and sustained demonstration as the letting off of crackers on 4th of July night cannot lie realised without sec ing and hearing it. There are not many rockets or such other fireworks as merelv light up the sky. The popular mode of demonstrating is making a noise. Chinese crackers are sold in great cables 4 in. through and C ft. long. Aliout a dozen of tliese things are tied together and hune over a step ladder in the street, just off the side walk, and set -\n fire- Then com mences a deafening crackling like musket ry, lasting for several minutes, until the touched ends are reached, when there is a terrific bang, and the ladder is again rushed by eager parties with more cables. These ladders arc in operation a foir chains apart in every direction; smaller strings of crackers are going off all the time on the sidewalks, and bovs are firing off pistols. guns, and toy cannons at intervals. The racket is kept up from dark till after mid night. Late in the evening the whole of the sidewalks are covered to a depth of 3 inches with pa]-er and cracker cases, and the final stage consists in rakine the p.i pers together in lieaps and making bon fires of them. The American phrase, 'money to bum,' must have originated on a 4th of July, for there seems an eager ness en every hand to spend money upon that which burns so quickly. When the found of the crackers die* away I think acitin of tlie Declaration of Rights, and iliosc of the happy Australians who Iiavo imieritcd so much of what other nip:t fought for. There arc fine tliinps in the Declaration tl-at are not in America, but to a nation with such splendid ideals all Things arc possible. 