A VISIT TO " LAMINGTON." A contemporary publishes nn interesting account of a visit which one of its staff paid recently to Mr Goorgo Marner'* residence, " Xjjxniugton," Victoria- road (Vic.) Upon arrival the visitor was received by Mr Marner himself, who had many noteworthy things to say oonoerning himself and daughter, which the energetic pressman soon turned into copy. " I thought I would loio ray daughter, Slits Alice," said Mr Marner to the reporter; " pUo wan overgrowing her'utrengtb. Medical mon could do nothing for her." Hero Miss Marner cmhircd and quickly toltl how Dr Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disanter. .' I commenced, some two years ago, to feol very ill after returning home from school," .aid she. "I did not feel sufficiently unwell to tako to my bed, but experienced a con tinued lunguid feeling that raado me most misorable. Father took mo to see a doctor, and ho said I waa overgrowing my strength, and I was not to oxert myself. As I had DO inclination to do so, thcro was no fear of my disobeying this order, und' I took tho " quinine tonic " given m«, with regularity. Then I comroenoed to fool acute pains in my shoulders und back, and nt ni^ht I could aoarcely get any rest." " Wo tried every thing to induce sleep," interposed Mr Marner, "but it had no effect; then I con sulted a well- known Collins-street practi» tionGr. Ho siid my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a ohange. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but sho. returned looking worse. She would also retell on rising in tho morning: any food taken could not bo kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." *' This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st 31b?, now I am 9st 71ba." " A great improvement: your treatment must havo been beneficial ? " " No ; all the medioino I got did me very Iittlo good. Actually, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People desorvo that credit. Just before the Jubileo holidays, father bought me a box of Dr Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr Pleiieanca's, Chapol-street, Pralirau : they did mo so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued tailing them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." " And you would recommend them ? " " Yes ; and that strongly loo," said Mr Marner, " had X known of Dr Williams'Pink Pills two years before, it would hnve saved mo a hundred pounds." Tho toiiio properties of Dr Williams' Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen tho svftcm, enrich the blood, and improvo, the brain. They are a certain cure for indigestion, ailments arising from the heat, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, ans»mia, sleeplessness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregularities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, 1 &c.; Obtainable from all chomists and dealers, or from tho Dr Williams' Medioine Co., care of itocke, Tompsitt and Co., Flinders street, Melbourne, who will forward six boxes for Jos 3d, or one box for 2s 93, post free. Beware of poisonous imitations, sold_ nt greatly lower prices than tbo genuine pills. Insist upon seeing the full name, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box purchased. Imitations are dnngerous. 