SKETCHER ON THE TRAIL OF A GHOST. There has been published this week a book under the title of 'The Alleged Haunting of B— -House,' which should cause no little, stir in psychical and spiritualist circles. It is edited by the: Marquis of Bute and Miss Goodrioh Freer— the 'Miss X' who figured prominently in the controversy two years ago. ' B —— House '—for obvious reasons its real name and that of its proprietor are not given by Lord Bute, but it is well known to be Ballecbin House in Perthshire — having the bad reputation of being haunted, was taken on lease by the Marquis, (and Colonel Taylor, a well-known Spiri- tualist; put in possession to investigate mat- ters with the aid of Miss Freer and other Roman Catholic friends. They all kept diaries,- which recorded their ghostly experi- ences, and this book tells the whole story. It is a capital book for the holidays. It carries on every page the elements of never ending wonder, speculation, and ecepticism, to make things lively on rainy days at the coast or in the country. We make some characteristic selections:- WHEN LORD BUTH HEARD OF IT. It was in 1892 that Lord Bute first heard of the haunting of (B- House in Perth- shire; Here is an extract from his journal : — August 7. In afternoon ( with Father H-— and Lord Dumfries to Falkland. He gives a long account of the physical dis- turbances at B — ; noises between his bed and the ceiling, like continuous explosions of petards, so that he oould not hear himself speak. Father H— said he had spoken of the matter to Mr S— (the proprietor), who expressed an idea that the disturbances might be caused by his uncle, the late Major S— — -, who was trying to attract attention in order that prayers might be offered for the repose of lhis soul. THE RESTLESS MAJOR S - Major S -- was born in 1806, retired from the Indian army with the rank of major in 1850, and died in 1876. His two brothers died unmarried, and of his six sis- ters three married and a forth, Isabella, entered a nunnery, and there professed the name of 'Frances Helen.' She died in 1880. The Major bequeathed B-- to the repre- sentatives of his married sister Mary, and on his death was suceeded by her second son John, who was a Roman Catholic. The Major was a believer in spirit return, and many witnesses have attested that he fre- quently spoke of his own return after death. He was fond of dogs, and he frequently in- timated his intention of entering the body of a particular black spaniel- which he pos- sessed ; but after his death all his dogs, in- cluding the spaniel were shot, in order to render any such action on his part im- possible. SPIRIT RAP FPR MAJOR'S SUCCESSOR. John. S — — , his successor, went to London in 1895 on family business, -and was there run over by a cab and killed. Lord Bute, in his journal, under date January 17th, 1897, says— " I hear that the morning the late S-- of B-- left home for the last time, spirits came and rapped to him in his room, doubtless to warn him, so that death was owing to the cruel - superstition which had prevented him allowing them to be communicated with. Lord Bute's infor- mant seems to have been the Rev. Sir David Hunter Blair, now Father -Blair of Fort Augustus Monastery. The son, Captain s-- at once let the house and the shoot- ings to Colonel Taylor as the nominal but Lord Bute as the real tenant ; and then the fun began. YOUNG LADY AND THE SPOOKS. Mrs G. writes :- 'A young lady of by no means timid disposition, and (possessed of great presence of mind, has often heard the swing door pushed open and footsteps com- ing along the corridor, pausing at the door. The footsteps she had also heard going round her bed. Many visitors have had the same experiences, and many have heard the wild unearthly shriek which has rung through the house at midnight.' THE CLOCK STRUCK ONE. Mrs G. gives her own experiences :— ' The first night all was still, but the following night a succession of thundering knocks came from the end of the passage. Half an hour afterwards my husband heard a pierc- ing shriek. The next night we heard single knocks at different doors. The last night of our visit, I heard the clock strike one, and immediately it ceased six violent blows shook our own door on its hinges, followed by deep groans. A man with bronzed com- plexion and bent figure has been seen by two friends of mine. They both describe him as having come through the door, and passing through the room in which they were, about three in the morning.' FIRST SIGHT OF THE NUN. Miss Freer's journal of her experiences is very good reading :— The maids tell me they heard the sounds of continuous reading aloud, which afterwards became quite familiar. The sound was always that well known to Roman Catholics, as that of a priest saying his office.' we decided to walk in the avenue. It was quite dark, but the snow gleamed so white that we could see our way to the plantation. In a few minutes I stopped. Against the snow I saw a light black figure— a woman moving slowly up the glen. She stopped and turned and looked at me. When she came under the tree she disappeared. The others saw nothing.' In a letter to Lord Bute under February 25, 1896, Miss Freer describes this figure with some detail: — 'These figures do not appear before 6.30 at earliest. They appear to be outlined by threads of light. It is only when the face appears in profile that one can describe the features, and this is somewhat prevented by the nun's veil. 'Isabel appears to me to be slight and of fair height. Her hair is dark, and there is an intensity of gaze which is rare in light coloured eyes. Lord Bute identifies the nun as probably Miss Isabella S— , the favourite sister of Major. S——, who be- came a nun in I860, and died in 1880. THE DOG AND THE SPOOK. ' February 16—I had an experience this morning which should be recorded. I was writing. I felt a distinct gentle push against my chair. I thought it was the dog, but he was not there. I went on writing, when came another decided push against myself which moved me on my chair. I looked backward, the room was empty. When Mrs W— — came in she called my attention to the dog, who was gazing intently from the hearthrug at the place where I had expected to see him. 'ISHBEL AND MARGET.' 'I saw the nun again, and an older woman in grey, who talked earnestly with her, she answering at intervals. My com- panions heard the voices, but did not see the figures. The older woman afterwards became familiar, and the name of ' Marget' was given to her half in fun, and simply because this was one of the two names given by the Ouija board — used by Spiritual- ists— in hypnotic writing, as 'Ishbel' was also given several times when her name was asked.' 'February 16—I saw Ishbel' and ' Marget' in the old spot across the burn, ' Ishbel' was on her knees in the attitude of weeping, 'Marget' apparently reasoning with her in a loud voice. I oould not hear what was said for the noise of the burn. Miss M-— said, 'I saw nothing but I heard a low talking.' The editors in a foot-note say : — The nun to whom was given the name of ' Ishbel.' This subject has been already discussed, and the suggestion thrown out that the phant- asm was an erroneous mental picture of the late Rev Mother Frances Helen, evolved from the imagination of a half-educated person who had never seen the lady in question, and knew little about her. This figure was seen many times by Miss Fraser and Miss Langton, twice by the Rev Mr Q—,' and probably by Madame Boisseaux, who unhappily died suddenly before the editors had an opportunity of asking her for exact information. There were also earlier witnesses. She was never seen else- where than in the glen, except once by Miss Langton, and on the one occasion when a Bishop was saying Mass in the house, and Miss Freer saw her outside the window just after the elevation of the chalice. lt was stated, however, by two separate witnesses that a figure, probably the same, had been seen inside the house on at least one occasion, when, some years before Colonel Taylor's tenancy, Mrs S— — was keeping her room, and a maid who was bringing up a tray met the figure on the stairs, and experienced such a start that she dropped the tray. The lay-woman dressed in grey to whom was given the name of 'Marget,' and who was sometimes seen in the company of 'Ishbel,' usually as though upbraiding or reproving her. She was seen by Miss Freer and Miss Langton, and her voice in con- versation with ' Ishbel' was heard not only by them, but by Mr C— and Miss Moore, Mr'Q.,' and Miss 'Duff.' THE MAN WITH THE LIMP. ' February 21.— Again this morning we Heard noises of pattering in the next room. The dog got up and sat apparently watching something invisible to us, turning his head slowly as if following the movements of some person or thing across the room from east to west. During the night Miss Moore heard footsteps crossing the room, as of an old invalid man snuffling in slippers.' - MIss H— , another visitor, also heard the steps of an old man with a most peculiar limp. HE TAKES THE BUSINESS IN HAND. Lord Bute in a private letter on April 29 to a distinguished ecclesiastic, says:- 'We spent 48 hours at B— . On the way I was shown the enclosure in the ohurohyard wherein lie, in unmarked graves, the late Major S——, his housekeeper, and his Indian servant. I would have gone and prayed there, but fthe place seemed to me too public. The house is bright and cheerful, As her ladyship and myself did not wish to be troubled at night, we took room in the wing which the late Major S— had built in order to save his children from the ' haunting,' and we slept there quite com- fortable. After 6 p.m. I went to the place near the burn where the apparition often appeared. I read aloud the 'vespers' for the dead, but no phenomenon appeared, nor had I any sensation. About 7.30 I went to room No. 5 and read aloud the' first 'Noc- turn of the dirge ; ' there was nothing to be seen or heard, but I felt a strong sensation that persons were listening. (The words, in uttering which Lord Bute was thus affected, were— ' Begem cui omnia vivant venite ad oremus,' an invitation which he meant to include all intelligent beings). During the night slept well, Saw and heard nothing Next day visited haunted burn ; saw nothing. At 10 o'clock, in room D, read; the third 'Nocturn,' made slips of pronnnciation and felt the preaence of others very strongly, and that it was hostile or evil, as though they were kept at arms. length. A disagreeable sensation continued until I threw some holy water on my bed before getting into it, when It sud- denly disappeared.' THE LAST BANG. Miss Freer, in a letter to Lord Bute, in describing the departure of a visitor— Mdme Boisseaux— says— ' While waiting for the carriage she touched my arm and pointed to the window, where I perceived the figure of 'Ishbel,' and 'Marget' seemed to hover in the background. After Mdme's departure the Bishop blessed the house from top to bottom. He sprinkled rooms I, 3, and 8 with holy water. He and the priests had hardly gone when there was a loud bang on 'a little table. The Bishop and priests re- turned and the ceremony was repeated, after which the bang occurred, but much more faintly. The bang was the last phenomenon of an abnormal kind during his tenancy. SHALLOW AND IMPUDENT IMPOSTURE. As a suggestive pendant, it is worth re- calling the trenchant article of the 'Times' writer, in which he denounced the whole affair as a great imposture. Here is an extract :—' Lord Bute's, confidence has been grossly abused by some one. It was re- presented to him that he was taking the most haunted house in Scotland— a house with an established reputation for mys- terious, if not supernatural disturbances. What he has got is a house with no reputa- tion whatever of that kind, with no history, with nothing germane to his purpose beyond a cloud of baseless rumours produced during the last 12 mouths. Who is responsible for this imposture it is not my business to inquire, but that it is an imposture of the most shallow and impudent kind there can be no manner of doubt. The whole thing has been fudged up in London.' 