Tommy's Abduction. (Br Jack Rugby, in llio 'Adelaide Observer.') I Tbc' river had been rolling and tumbling down in a brown flood for days and Jabe, loaning on a long handled shovel, with a short black pipe in hie month, stood watching it with his shaggy brows puckered into two black frowns. The heaped up charcoal log that looked like a groat mound of earth was hiaBing and sputtering after tbo last abower, and Jabe waa in a bad temper for all his fires were out. lie stood a fen feot from the bauk watching the paea \-- ing debris, broken boughs, ftaall limbs, bits, of dry wood caught up with leaves went swirling past on the brown tide that sent out a white froth along the sides. Presently a kerosine case came down, washing in- near the side, and Jabe, anxious to obtain it, rsced along the edge, shovel in band, but it got beyond hiB reach, and caught in a large palignum busb, swaying this way and that, but checked in its onward course till the cur rent caught it again. Nearer the bank now Jabo still stood watching the. debris sweep -past, wbeu some thing larger than had yet caught bia eye came down. It- was a big water rotted log tbat came floating like a cork on the current, and something was clinging to it. Jabe in bia ex citement threw away bis shovel and ran on ahead, as though to intercept ' the fearful progress of tbat log and the doomed boy tbat sat astride of it. There must have been a twist in the current at that particular spot, for it took the same turn as the kerosine case, and caught in tbc swaying palig nam bush. The case formed, as it were, a ram, and the two'held firm against the bush. " Hold on for your life, eouny hold on,' shouted Jabe. 'Stick to the log end bold the bush. That's it, catch the busb. Oh, never mind the prickles,' as he saw the email hands wince, flat the child w&b; numbed "with cold. as well as frenzied with terror! and had got beyond speech. ffabe was one of those fortunate individuals not troubled with nervee, |»dt'eometbing ran riot in hiB brains V at Bight of tbat email, he)pleas, " ' flinging object on the log tbat fairly filled him with excitement. He J V eai$B'top the long-handled shovel j egW,4pSi tried to reach the log, but \ it «n full three fGet beyond him. Then throwing it down onoemore, he shouted to the child, 'Hold en, for God's esks, sonny, while 1 run for a rope. I won't be a minute Only keep your hold till I come beck, and I'll have you on the bank,' The littlo chap closed hie eyes and cronobed lower, while the edge of the current swayed the log, end old Jabe rushed frantically to the tent for a rope. He wae beck in a few seconds with lbs rope in a large round ooll on hie arm He could throw with that unerring preoialon of buehmen aocuslomed to heaving ropes over trt-ee. The smell atom on the log bad opened Its eyes, and was warily watobing. The Drat tremendous noave went yards beyond the palig num bush, end lay sideways on the log. ' Now then, estoh it. Hold for I your life. Never mind the water while 1 drag you through,' warned J Jabe. The boy made a grasp at the rope. The impetuoelty of hie movement sent the swaying log into the boiling curront. The kerosene case weut with It, and the next moment they were swept out of eight. There wae a faint cry as ha felt himself disap pear into the brown frothing watets," but the small benumbed hands still clung to the rope, and In a eeoond the little wot head bad reappeared, and was close to land, where Jabe was hauling him hand over hand. The next minute the email, wet, dripping figure was in J she's great strong arras, where be was borne swiftly np to the tent and laid on Jehe'e own bunk. There wae no bootB uor stock ings, only a bloueo and small pair of pants, and an apology for a ehirl. Jabe bad him aoon disrobed, and gave him a vigorous rubbing, then rolled him into the folds of a heavy blue blanket, and leaving him there, went out to mako soma hot rum punch, and in less lhau an hour lie was able to eit up and give an acoount of him self. ' •Hie name was Tommy._ H e didn't | know whet tbe other name was, * Wasn't sure if ha had one. Hie fatber'a nemo was 'Old Tom,' nnd tliay called liia mother 1 Missus.' He got astride the log, and pnnted it into the flood himself, and It just went end want, and never stopped till old Jabo saw it, Nooneeawbim, and he never saw anyone till be aaw Jabe, He waen't sure how far away I they lived, but be guessed It must lis close on a hundred miles.' lie was a wonderful specimen of a small Australian boy, aud in a few terse words gave a graphio descrip tion of hie descent down the river. ' Wn just elioked down like shooting rainbow, and never snagged ] once till we saw that old paling.' It wae the first break in a Jong, lonely round of ohercoal burning for old Jabe, and he eat, and emoked, and talked to Tommy while the pants and little ragged shirt dried., fle was inwardly wishing that Tommy had no euob useless impediment aa a father and mother, and that ha might slay on at hie camp for ever, The day passed and the night oame,jand Tommy went tbe round of the oharooal logs with Jabs, not a whit the worse for hiB ducking. Jabe had manufactured a email coat out of a large one, and had fitted him up •with a double pair of woollen sooke and nn old felt hat. Tommy wsb a wonderful apparition, bat he wee warm aod happy. So wae Jabe. Ife took a most surprising and intelligent interest in oharooal horn ing, never missing a word that fell from the scientific Hps of Jabe 'Nevertrace did he express a deBire for father, mother, or home. When bed tirae'oame, Jabe made room for Tommy at the foot of his own bank, and he coiled up there aa though he had never slept anywhere elee all his life. ~ ' And that is the story of how Tommy came to be installed' in old JaWe camp. It's not a long story, and, there ia nothing) either very, bright por pathetic about it, but old Jabe grew to love that boy aa the days and weeks and months •went by, and no one came to claim him.. This, was the first living being that Jabe. ever loved. It seemed to take -root in hiB heart, and turned round And eat into it till, he couldn't bear the boy out of eight. And Tommy grew do love Jabe better than he could ever have loved hie own father, though he had lived with him a hundred years. The finding of this email obild that warmed hp hie old heart so, was better to him than the finding of a gold mine. Tommy did not settle down bb an ornBmentsl appendage to the camp, but became useful. He would boil the billy and watch the dafnper and help old Jabe to cound np the fires, lie would fill Jabe'epipe, aud I 1 take surreptitious whiffs, while Jaba watched with (he oorner of hie .eye and a sly twinkle. Tommy being a email boyoould not help being miaohievoua, end when be did anything that outraged Jsbe's feelings that worthy would never scold, but juet sit and glare into the firo, while Tommy would come and ooucb at hie feet and look Bad, like a whipped dog waiting for the first kind work to wake him into fresh miaohief egslo. All these little things helped to endear the two and draw them closer. It was nearly two yeara since Tommy*had come down on the flood! and they bad shifted oemp several times, when one morning Jabe said, ' Old Tom French 'Jt be here to-mor row with bis bullocks to oart off char coal, Tommy, and, my word, we'll I have to be astir in time to get break fact over, for Tom's bound to show up soon after daylight, cursing and j swearing at his bollocks, and crack ing that wbip of bis.' j Tommy stirred uneasily, and lifted' bis chin from bit knees as be sat ger ing into tbe Are. There wae a far away j look in his eyes that were beginning to flit with the dawning light of re membrance. • lie's a drunken, ewearin' old cuss, is Tom.' went on Jabe, not noticing the look on the boy's faoe,' An' if it hadn't been that old Dave ie laid up again, Tom'd never he' got tbe job.' Tommy moved hie 1 position, and came oloser to Jabe. Course we'll have to get the char coal away, 'cause it's time we shifted oemp again Tommy.' Tommy gave a little shiver, and leaned up agaiust Jabe, • Why, what's took the boyP' said the man, looking down. * You ain't eick, are you Tommy t' anxiously. Tommy shook bis bead. 'Then what's gone wrongf still more anxiously. Another little shake. J ebe lifted the boy by the shoulders and drew him between hie knees. Tbe emell face bad gone grey, wbile there woe a look of deadly fear in tbe eyes, lie lifted the boy to bis knees and put an arm about him, ' Now, Tommy, tell oldJabe what's wrong f* ' I don't like that ewearin' old cues Tom Frenoh,' he said, with a dry sob as he hid his fane under Jabe'e arm. ' Dut-you ain't never seen him, Tommy,' said Jabe, with a look of myetifloatlon deepening on hie face. 1 lie ain't boen oharooal carting for me for t»e jvot t> little vrhilo 'fore you shot down the river.' Tbe boy nodded. Oh, you don't know him,' said Jabe confidently. .' An if your afraid to hear hintoursin'just lay low. You ain't no good, anyhow, to load char coal, Old Tom don't know Ive got you—nobody do, bar Dave, You juet lay low till Tom goeB eonny.' But with the usual perversity of a email bby, Tommy couldn't lie low for any length of time. He wee aotive, - restless, and oonBumed with ouriosity to have a peep at Tom and the bnlloobe, though hie young mind was filled with a haunting fear that it wae Tom'e whip that used to lash round his email body years ago, and Tom's terrible oursea that stiil rang in his cars. Shortly after daylight came the rattle of Tom's old dray accompanied by a ringing fire of cracks and a run niug volley of oaths that Seemed as■ familiar to the ears of Tommy bb tbe i memory of a bad dream. The repeti lion of names'Brandy* and 'Punch', two steady old pollers, interlarded with many oaths, recalled tbememory j of a past that made Tommy jshudder. j He wondered were they still the same color, one brindle, and the other red and white. lie ereptcaUtiously from the tent. The first right of old Tom French was enough to sweep away from Tommy's brain the eobwebsof two years' forgetfulneBS and the first aoundjifrthe awful voice to chill, the blood, in his young veins, for.once more <Tiommy beheld his father. Once mora, ashen-grey with fear the small besd.srithdrew to the shelter bl old Jsbe's tent, and stayed there fully an bonr, scarcely daring to breathe. Then arose such a racket and din of roaring and ewear/ng and whip crack ing, that no email hoy could be expect ed to lie Btill and liaten and pot'have look. If Tommy had only stayed under cover fornuotberten minutes all wonld have been well, lor Tom was juet wak ing up. the bullocks for a start- But Tommy took the fatal peep as Tom turned with an oathto the near-side poler, catching sight at once of the ghost of what he had lost,grown taller and stouter, but stiU Tommy. The oath froze on the veteran swearer's lips, and from his steel grasp Jhe whip fell fo re ground. If/; ] 'Have you seen a ghost, Tom queried" Jabe,"ae he saw the pallor that crept over the man's face, ,4 ,■ ' I raytker think I have/ he answered slowly. • How long ha' you had that kid o' mine here, Jake P' A hand like, ice naemBd to fall nn Jakfl'fl heart aa it suddenly flashed on him that this was Tommy's rightful owner. The memory of the boy's abject fear the night before came back to him, and turning, he saw that Tommy had collapsed and sank a helpless heap on the ground, hereft of all strength to move. Before such a monster should 'get possession of him again he would more heaven and earth to prevent it. 'What kid's that you're talking about, Tom French P' said Jabe sharply. 'Do you mean the boy thafs minef and don't- you dare to lay yonr dirty finger on him.' ' I tell you Ve mine,* roared Tom, who had got his .voice again, ' He's the kid we thought was drowned, last big flood two years.' ' And. why didn't you look and find himf sneered Jabe.. 'Ton was too precious mean. "Fear you'd find him, an' have to bury him. Now, I'tell you that boy's mine. Never yon mind how. I got him—he's mine.' They were between the tent and the river, that rah a strong current their side. Tom French was known round for an unscrupulous, desperate villain when roused, and Jabe at that moment waa,Jnet%a desperate for love of the hoy 'and determina tion to keep him."* They kept "eyeing; each other and .edging nearer, till unoonBoioualyJabe stood within a: foot of the river, Me baokto it, and faoitjfe-the evil-browedTom, ' The youngster's you*s, do you aayf roared Tom. 'I "tell you' X*ll< make eaussge-meat of him 'fore your eyes, and parry Ma hide "home tor the; missus to staff. Tour kid, eh 1 Tour kid! You,d.ewear it in a Gonrt o' Law, would yonf 'Ton thieving hound, you,d hide my-kid here for a couple o' year, an' never tell me. You great thundering'- The end of the epeeoh wae oat short by e well-directed blow at Jahe that, caught him under the ribs,. With a wild roar and a savage lurch he heaved forward with *hpth hands outspread. It reunited but a touob, as Jabe stood on the very brink. With a piercing cry "he., sank,. with both arms extended above hle 'hpad. Tom stood still,-nndjookpjl Soifa as" the bubbles rose.SomeiiiiAg ebSt be tween him andthe sunlight, bnt"-he: did not notioe it. As Jabe rose fori the first time the fao^mba'gaaed helplessly into eaohother'e iy^s,^and. gated eo till he sank again. ; Odm more ha roes, this time lowp'r down stream, but something white was near him, a dripping oar'was held out and .he grasped it. When Tommy rowed him to shore Tom had gone and the two came out and dried tifem eelvee. Jabe set mechanically about packing np, Tommy ^helping him without a word, '.Tonsee Tommy,' he said, 'my okbipatlon's gone, clean gone, Tain't j no use staying here any longer. " 'Sides' Tommy, you .don't want to stay—do you f' anxiously.' ~ ' No,' said Tommy, with vigorous shake,' I don't want to stay" ■* Course you don't Tommy; nayther do I. As 1 said my pkkipation's gone, i an' I must go, an' you don't want me J to go 'thout you, Tommy P' \ j ' No, no, no,' oried Tommy. j * Ah, I thought eo, Tommy. Jabe an' Tommy ain't going to part thptj easily. How'd you like the 'goldflelds, j Tommy P' Tommy's eyes' ■ grew ' bright, and his tongue loosened' and ; ran on to the delight of Jabe. " . < • As night fell, and. the stars bams out, there 'Was no longer any tent' at Jabe'e old .camp, and something white and noiseless shot down-the river and ont of sight. But with the disappearance ot that white' boat Tom's troubles began. Old Dave sickened and died, Tom' was arreBted on suspicion of doing away with Jabe and' stealing the charcoal. Bib story of finding fais lost son was considered a pack of. trumped-up lies. Butat the trial be, came out with his usual luck, jthe case , falling through for want of evidence' to prove the charge. , . :;s' ., ■" Baton a scattered : gold field far BWayfromtheglowof a charcoaling,or the sweet Toll of a river, there' -stands. a ten t inhabited by a mtu and a boy' whoare sever away , from. each other more than an hour at a time, who live ipthe light -of each other's .love, that never stalls sor - ■grows - dim. 'The sbnndof thsi boy'aatep and.the ring of his voice is the sweetest,'., music Jabe ever v^£"to;hear.- The sight of him beforesthp,hsnip.:firB^ boiling the billy and fryihgAhe meat is the bWghtest .picture. Jabe ever .wants to see. .. Ana fl iiight,.when thB pick]e boUleBsre hrbugbV.ouV.and_ -the'last onefillelwitb fihsh g51d, it is all for' The following is purely American, as readers jwill no donbt gather from' its jifiampBonian strength " Ayonng, co median was seeking an engagement in. Sydnejyacdvrordedhialetter of. ap plication thualy >---,!,I am a high slasa comedian—np star, no drunkard, cot hSrdto,please in any -way. Lean be used for leas than - £1000 a week.; I. am asijaU rounds performer and pro dijpei of novelty .apts.^lf you -want somethmg good for your house^i *b open to engsgemeut," That's the lot. 