^cauapiijjQF smçktfD arson. THE BisKOr OP BATHIJBBT J^ÎÏHOLT , 'BK Bight Bav. Dr. Coolidge, Bishop of lathursG, arrived at Dubbo on Saturday vening last, in order to presid e over the leliberations of the Synod of the Diocese, pinch were commenced yesterday (Tues lay). the BUhop occupied the pulpit of Holy Trinity Church at the morning and even ng-serrieea on Sunday. tile morning service was well attended., The prayers and lessons were read fay fan. Archdeacon Wilson aud 3te>. P. de [i. Musgrove-the ante-communion service oy the Bishop. The .sermon was preached by His Lord ship from the words, " Teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost." The Bishop, in u few prefatory remar kg, «ferrad to the mnounCeinent mode earlier in the -service lithe holding of the rjynod. The Synod sf the Diocese of Bathurst had every year up to the present lieen held in the Cathedral Church of the Diocese; but it had been felt that it would bo advantage ous if this year ita meeting were trans ferred to that parish (Dubbo)-which had ever been so loyal to its Diocesan ; and tint the holding of the Synod here would ;o to strengthen the devotion of residents to their Church. He then noted the hold ing of the first Diocesan Synod, as recorded in Acta XXI. Addressing himself more particularly to his text, he said that ll years before, in declaring that building open, he hod preached from the identical words he was then using. He then traced the formula throughout all the rited of the church. The doctrine enunciated had ever been one of the distinguishing marks of their Church, which claimed descent from the Anglo Saxon Church, and also a connection with the still earlier " British Church" of West Britain. The ancient British Church, through all persecutions in the ages before the mission of Augustin, firmly believed in the holding of its Synode, and from that time they had been a feature of Christianity in Eugland. [The Bishop then gave, from an ancient record, a brief descrip tion of the mode of couducting the Synod in Saxon times,] The meeting of the Synod of the Diocese of Bathurst, to open within the next few days, called for their prayers. It had an important pur pose and work before it, and the supplica tions of all the church's faithful were asked that the meeting might be produc tive of much good, and conducive to God's glory. He expressed a hope that as they had used the formula mentioned in his text on two occasions already in connec tion with the erection of that building, it would not be loug before they summoned him to consecrate it as a church free from debt, lie called on all to possess the truth ia th-j text, not merely as au eccle siastical formula, or theological doguiu, but as a spiritual life-giving principle, lu the evening there was an overflowing congregation. The Bishop preached from the words in Rev. Iii, " Hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown." Having1 sketched the situation of the church to which the words wsre uttered, lie passed on to consider the orders in the early Church, and the refer ence to those in the New Testament writings. In the course of time the apostles-the first order-were removed, but they were succeeded by bishops-*' the episcopate having " (as a great divine had put it) " ever 6lept in the apostolate ;" and when the individual apostles passed away the episcopate naturally came into existence. The Presbyterate and Deacon ate were already constituted ; and thus the three orders - Bishops, Priests and Deacons-had come down from primitive time. Standing on the threshhold of a unique event in the Church history of that parish (Dubbo), it had seemed to him desirable to set forwerd at that time what he believed to be tho position of the Church to which at least most of those present belonged. The Bishop then sketched the development shown in God's dealings with the Jewish Church, and claimed that the development of the Christian Church was proceeding on parallel lines. The origin of the great Churches of to-day was wrapped in obscurity. But it was agreed that there were in the early Church exactly the same orders as weri found in the Church of England to-day; and it could be shown that the Church of that day in Borne held the same views as members of the Anglican Church now held. It was impossible to say who founded the Christian Church m Britain, but it was brought either from Africa or Gaul. Four centuries before tho coming of Augustin there was a Christian Church in Britain holdiug the doctrines held by the Anglican Church of to-day-a church also with its three-fold order of government, and with its regular Synods even when thrust by the savage Saxons into Wales and Cornwall. From this emerged Saint Patrick, who did such a wonderful work in Ireland. That island then became the evangelising centre for Europe. From Ireland the influence passed to Iona-within the walls of whose ocean-washed ancient church he (the Bishop) himself had stood. From Iona a great wave of Christianity passed to the south. In the meantime had come Augustin, sent. by one af the greatest of men-one of the most truly Christian of all in those olden days-Gregory the Great. Tba wave of Christianity started by Augustin in the south of England'in due time met the wave from the north, and England became a Christian nation. Three hundred and fifty years before King Egbert, and 600 years before the meeting of the first Parliament, there was a Primate of all England ; and OOO -fears before any other religious body was formed in Eng land, the English Church divided the country into parishes, still existing. The Church. had battled with kings such os William Rufus, Henry III, and John for the righte of the people ; and the Magna Charta signed at Runnymede contained the declaration, " Let the Church of Eng land be free." The repeated endeavours ot the Church to resist the power of the Pope culminated in the Reformation. He (the Bishop) was not .prepared to say one word against the Reformation ; and those who studied the history of the time, and learned the defects of the time, would see how the English Bishops teok their stand as against Roman Catholicism on the one side i&nd; Puritanism on the other-how they defeated alike the efforts of those who would hare enslaved the Church and those who would have robbed her of her catholicity. With the exception of purging .herself of some superstitious accretions that had stealthily crept upon her, she ramained the same-the same in ritual orders, doctrines . and Catholicity. It was said that there was now an effort to drag her towards Home. Let them not listen to those who so spoke. There were j undoubtedly men of Romanising tenden-1 cías who had this aim-but they were in significant in numtere." Bishop Moorhouse had declared that ont of his 600 churches, there were not more than 13 in which things were done in the way of ritual to which he could fairly objeèt. Other Bishops gave similar t^tnñéñjy There was really no " crisis " except an artificip) one largely manufactured for political* purposes.. "The preacher, then;Befcrred to tile proposal some years «¿o to jjllace the leesterSishmeiit<©f thelphwcfr on thal âitfcàl £ro$rata*e of the Obérai partyH As the crisiB of tlint, day was safely puted, so would the present one be. He believed God had guided and maintained their Church-a church Scriptural and Catholic -to be the means of reconciling the separated divisions of the Christian Church everywhere-the middle point to bear the central arch of the great bridge of Chris tianity, lu due time ail Christian bodies would become one. But they must till then bear with the march of events-they must learn patiouce, courage, zeal. The Bishop then complimented the Dubbo parish on its loyalty and good work during .the past ll years, and expressed a hope that the parishioneers would be ever trae to'the principles of the Chnrch of England, but better still set before themselves the duty of humbly and faithfully following their " Good Shepherd " to the better home where they would be made all glorious in Him. 