-' ??? ''??..':.??:.'..?'. \- -:_OR-^: :?:.:'?.?.. - - How a Husband was Won. CHAPTER XXyill.^- Continuid. ' It is tho most outrageous thing I ever lienrd of, ''said, Mrs. iJeolc. 'Noth. ing- of thfe sort eliduld bo done in bia 'lwrdsbipa . absence. I know he will hot' not like it. I should not wonder it he dlacbarged you, Drew.' 'Lady RoBarriond tripped forward. ?' Lady Prynne sent him, Book,' sho replied. 'There is uo hurm done. Lord Sherwood will' not mind.' '???- The housekeeper -]ooUed: at Ludy Kosarnond. She did uot 'like her. She, too, bad- ho^rd thut Her master was going to inarry tho little ludy. ' I uru surprised thut her ladyship should liuve sent any one on such on errand without speaking to me,' the said. ;...,'?.. . ... . ?' She wished to be very.sB'iSret/aiid act quickly,' said RpBaniondj. w lest they 'should take fright and put the jewels where she could not find them.' ' That is no reason why she should not' have spoken to me,' -said the housekeeper. 'I oannot prevent the' search now you have got an officer here, but I protest against the entire proceeding, and Bhall not hold myself at all 'responsible. Lord Sherwood will be very angry— I am Bure of that. These are servants cf whom he thinks very highly. He would rather have puid for the jewels/ I. believe, thun have bad their roomB searched.' ' My good Beck,'- said Rosamond, haughtily, 'no one shall hold you in the least responsible. Goon, Dunn' — to the constable. Mrs. Beck hesitated a moment, then ahe joined them. ft iYbu ? wiil' not find the jewels there,1' she said. , ' I hope not,' gaid Lady Rosamond) loft|ly. ' But we Bh»U,'- she added, to herself, ,'? and something more.' . She meant to iuBult and humiliate Barbara to the fullest, extent it was ]io'Bible. She wondered . exultingly to hernolf what ahe -would Bay, how she would look, what explanation she would try to make of her concealment in that Btrange plaoe. She was so impatient that she could scarcely wait Constable t Dunn's ? deliberate move ments. They went first into the room containing the trunk- in -which' Lady Rosamond had concealed the tOBaZes. Old Varra was there alone. : : They had not had' the grace to knook. They opened the door and -went in. Lady Kosarnond glanced -swiftly over the apirtmeut. The woman she was lookr ing for was not thure. Then ahe hastened to the door opening into the otlier room. '_''' . . ' ? -: : But old Varra glided swift as a t3nake in front of . her. ? ..; 'What do you van t?' ahe asked, tcowlingly, of them- all. ? ' Lady P,rynnelia8 lost some jewel& She has sent this man to search, your boxes for them,'1 .Mrs. Bock said. 'It ia no doing of mine. Nor Lord Sher wood's. I did not know it till the man was here.' ? ? '' Woman, let, us pass,' said Lady Rosamond. ' ? But the. old Hindoo did not move. ' Here -are the trunk.',' she said. 'Search,' . 'There ia another: woman,' said Lady Rosamond to the constable. 'She must be in the next room.. While you are searching here,- she mny get away with, the jewels.' 'Dunn'- was already a little sick of the business. He glanced at Varra. He saw tho old woman looked tough' and wiry, and that she would have to be forced away from the door. ' Drew can go in the corridor, and Watch 'the: other door,1' she tnid ; und tho footman. went accordiiigl}'-. ' 'Vurra kept her place by the donr while the constable was searching1 tho two trunks that stood in this room. Her eyes burned under their dark brows and. she watched Lady Roru monJ now and then' with a etealthy glanc'e of hatred. But- shu did not ppeuk even when 'the- mun be^an to toss out the costly contents of her mistress's boxe.8^iipon the floor. Airs.' Beck's amazement at the uiirht - of these was exoesEive. She and Lady Rosiimond drew nearer in involuntary curiosity. '-.' '..'?-? ? .- -? ?' ' The constoble looked excited. _ ; ' It lobjts like a ^regular'' haul of stolen goods,' ho spiil. _ ! : ' Lady Pry nue til ways- 'suspected them said Rosamond. ' Old Varra . drew tt shnrp, hinaing breath, and clenched, her hiinds.' Thou Hhe suddenly opened the dobi behind her, and daitou through, closing imd I' oking it. ';'.'' . . l Barbura was then walking listlpssly about, and thinking'of the eurl, iron* deriug what he had gone- to London for, and whether it wivp aay thing .that was likely to affect, hi* relations to Lady Rosamond. ,She had no suBpic ion who was in the :rrext room. Sho hud fled into thi« one at the first' sound of any one appronch'iiFg1, ?';' 'Missy,' siiid the '-old,, woman, ' what will you dp now? The y 'say. we are thieves', and' they are Bearob ing- the boxns in .there. Whi'n 'they have searched tboso, they willcome in here and search these.' 'CHAPTER XXIX. KAJTiXED. 'Every particle of colour had left Barbara's face. ' '''''' ' ? '' - ? 'Who say» so ?' she .demanded, sharply,' '* Lady Prynne and Lady Rosamond. Lady Rosamond ie in there, and an officer, Mrs. Beck ie in there too.' ' ?.''?They will Tiot find ^lj-'uiing1. ! No u harm will tb done it |f coule keep c them from s«eing- met il must ? ul-p 1 out of thin room into thecotridorj tthd hidb till they' are gone.' '* You cun*t, miflRy. 'A- lan ia \vatoh« ing the door outside. ' ? Barbara grew;;whitei Hor.blue pyen flashed. How daro they ?' ' MisHy,' said the old woniun, 'I bolieve it' is a oonapirao^T Lady Ros nmond suspects somethiiR. ' She may have seen you' come in ha-e'soiue time. Her preten'oe of tbe stolen jewels is only an excuse I'o fintl you.' ' And that is why they, havo chosu'n a time when Lord Shcrwiod was ab sent,' said Barbara. ' Ahvorse thing could not' nave happened I wish 1 had gone away two 'iiighls ngo, as I intended. Can nothing, bo doun, Vurra, to keep mo from Lady Rosa mond's sight ?'' \ 'I will go bnok, and dbwhat I can to. keep them out from Ijiel ' 'I am afraid it will not be lEuch,'.' ' Wait,' said Burbara ; ind.shatoh ing a -pencil and jnpor, sie wi'oia.,a few words hurriedly, and '? biding the note, gavo it to Vurra. ' 1 ry and put that note into Airs. Beck'e hui.d. It may bo of some use;' '???;??' The old Hindoo stole!, td4lie door, and. noieeit'ssly 'uiilbckeii''it.v Tlien she drew it open swiftly und ddrteil through, nnd Burbara fusteied it after her. The constable had fhielii'd the first 'trunk,. and was bus; over the second. Mrp. Beck and lady Rosa mond were gazing with dotszlrd eyes at the splendid things ,e:posod by every 'movement of the pfiqer. No one looked up except Be k. - Varra showed her the note, and the house keeper, after a moment's vondering hesitation, passed that way, and ex-' tended her open hand bejiind her. Old Varra dropped the xvke ii.to it. Then, turning her back to |he others, Beck opened the note, . anil read it. The Hindoo woman watoheti. her fur tively. Beck looked for a moment as if she would faint. She fairly gasped for breath as she crumpled tbe note in her hand, and stood staring before her' without, seeming to ' see aay thing. Suddenly Lady Roaamond uttered a little scream. ? Dunn exclaimed excitedly. The housekeeper turned round. The constable i''iield in bis hand a long, narrow case of purple satin. 'Momma's topazes !';, cried Rosa mond. ' I know the base — I am sure of it. Open it, Dunn.' ' He did so. There they were— ^the handsome golden stones, shining like yellow suns. M ' .,.''. Beck gasped , again. ' It is not:possible I1' she cried. Lndy Rosamond laughed aloud. 'Momma was right, after all. I wonder w.h at Lord Sherwood will say now'?''!, ' '''r ' . ; ' The next' question,,' .said ' Dunn, ' is .who ovyn.B.this. ttunk ?' .1 . ' ''. Beck ahudaifecrr- ^h'e knew now who owned it. . She could -understand now how it curae to be filled with such a coatly array of laces, jewels and dresses. ' Perhaps the person who owns it is in the next room,' suggested Lady Rosnmond. . ' '' ' Old Varra's face was grey with sudden horror. 'The trunkH are bptlrmine,' she saidi eagerly, ' ?'-'' ' La'ly Rosamond laughed again, ?' Should you think' constuble, that an old woman like .this vrould have any use for such finery?' Dunn shook his head, and. looked curiously at old Varra.' ' ? ' See how ' she keeps before that door,' said Roaamond. ' The real thief, is there. You. will not have done all your duty hcre^ constable, till you have examined that room for the owner of these trunks'.' The old Hindoo w.oman looked nt Beck with nngry, lurid' erea. jThe housekeeper appearediike one stunned; but suddenly t-he turned and quitted tlio room, saying ': — ' ' ', ' ' I wanh mv hands of. the whole business. I will have nothing to do withit'. . : , ? . ?'.'?My good woman,1' aaid Dunn to old Varro, 'you raust.'letTne go into, that room.' : ' ?♦ I; tell you. the trunks' are mine/', snarled, the woman, .wiilr a look the constaWedid not likei ',,'„ ' ?f.Do you acknowledge' thnt you Btole thejewols?' ? ' I don't know nny.thitig about tbe , jewels, I am not a thief. But the (ruiiks are mine,'.' said the .old woman, cunningly, '.' .'.'.'?','? . ...' If the trunks are yo'ursi you muat have taken Li:dy Pryhrio'a jowoIp, 'which vre huvo found in this one, and you muHt go .to prison.1' ; ' ?' ?'I am ready,' siiid' the old woman. ' Anything1,''- she added* to herael'', ' ratlier than that they should go into this room and see my mistress.' *?? You are certnin to be transported,' said Lady Rosamond,*- angrily.' ' You' tidd better beware' 'what you are about.' ' ' Old Varra looked at her and smiled. '.' I know the trunks are not hers,' tiaid Ros'imond. ''.She is shieldiug someone else. There has been a mys teriqus woman seen here several times I have no doubt she is in that r--ora. ' '? A mysterious woman, my lady !' aaid Dunn, hesitatingly. ' Yes. I paw her, au,d. Lor.l Sher wood saw her. The 1'iouse has been searahed in vain for her. Mrs. Beok thought it was a ghost ;. but I knew better, 'and so did the. earl. The wo man' bns been hiding here all this time. She is in thut room' now, I am' sure, aiid tliese are her trunks. The old woman and she ore confederates, I presume.' . : ' ? Suddenly old Varra, who had been all the time furtively watching the corridor, drew herself erect witU an oxpre--»ion of relief and, exultation. TlienJ as Dunn moved hesitatingly towards her, she retreated from before the door, with u,u odd1 gleam in her narrow blnck eyes. Dunn advanoed &t; onco and tried the door. It was mlooked; anil he ru«hod inv followed j lonely by Ltuly Ro^uiitond. Jjudy JOBUfconds' litllo ' liond was lifted' mughtilVi A ^grirn smile parted ? her ips, a cold, hard light bIioho in her iyes,- and made tho baby face, look ruel nnd old. She was about to moot ier rival face to face at luxt. She was ;oing to crush the woman she hated, ted aho: meant to do her work tbor -ughly. Her whole uir said :- ' 1 om going to have' my revenge.' She stood still, und looked round the 'oom. The constable did the same. tfo ono was there. Lady Rosamond jrew white with rage, and chagrin. :: '?She was here, I am positive of.it,1' 3I10 ci'iod, utumpiug her foot' with flUBSlOUi - She tore open the door leading into the corriilor. Drew stood there. He looked very atom und determined. 'Huvo you let any oiie go by youP Husdnyone gone out of this room?' demanded Ludy Rosamond, furiously; ?' No one, my lady,' rejoined7 Divw, sturdily. ? ? '? :'???'.- ' ? ? ' Lady Rosamond ran to axloset ihi-re ? Wds in' the room, and looked' in thut. She looked under lk.- bed, and behind the curtains. She- aotcdlikoan Iiienne pei-aon- Suddenly she caught sight of old' Varr^ wutcbing her. ~ ' ' You know whefettlie is,1' she said, going up to her. ' If-'-you do not' tell this tnoruent, you shall go to prison in her pla'ce.' -.-... ..-.??.. The Indian woman's olive face did not alteh ' '?? ? ' ' As my lady pleaseB,' she said, in-». differently. 'It will not be for long. I do not fear.' ... Lady Rosamond clenched her hands - fiercely. ? ; : ' We shall see,' she said, aa she turned and spoke in a low voice to the oonstable. ' ? ?? The old Hindoo took a shawl and flung one end about her shoulders and the other over ' her head, and an nounced herself ready to go to prison. ' She seems to like it,' remarked Dunn. ' Will yon tell me where the woman is who was ' in here P1' Rosamond asked her. The old woman looked at har a mo ment bo steadily that Rosamond turned pale. But she did not utter a word, and! would not. ' Go, then,' cried my lady, reckless .with rage. ' Take her away, Dunn. I will meet you at Sir George East man's.' Sir George was the nearest magis trate. ?' ' : ' '?My lady,' said »ld Varra, ' enn I speak with you a moment?' '' She- is going to tell me,' thought Lady Rosamond, going near her. The old Hindoo bent her duaky head- like a snake cresting its bend. 'I go gladly, my lady'' she hissed, 'because I know that my going will coat you your' noble and handsome bridegroom. He will never marry you after this. jE__kriow l.him, and' I know lie wiil never ^forgive you for to day's doings.' Lady Rosamond's ' face darkened heavily. She was afraid it was true. But she would not admit it even to herself. She had taken more upon her in this affair than she had intend ed. She had not meant to appear in it herself, but to keop back and urgo her mother on, and then tell the earl it was all the childish old clowau^r's doings. But her jealous rago, her anxiety to humble and insult the woman Lord Sherwood loved, had lured her on.- She wna pretty sure herself that tho earl would never for give her. . : 'But,' she muttered bitterly, ,ia ho will have to marry me,-.fpr I' will not release him. And he'-hdtea me al ready, so what is the difference ?' CHAPTER XXX GABIH. As Dunn marched out with his pri» oner, Mrs. Beck came and stopped him. .' You had better treat her well,' she said to him. ' Lord Sherwood will .find a way to free her as soon as he conies from London.' ??You have no cause to blame me Mrs, Beck,' said Dunn. ' I could not do any other waj- than I havo.' . Mm, Beck protended not' to hear. She turned to Vurra and spoke in' a whisper. ?? ' 1 have her safe in my room,1' she .said. . . ? ' '.'?. '.'' ' ?'? '''?'' v' , ?' Does she know-?1' asked Vdrra. '.' She knows .nothing1, and' shall 'not till LdVd Sherwodd. comes.' ''?'? The faithful aia 'woman drew her 'self up with a lookof.intenao.roliof. ?? ?' It is nothing but the breath of tho wind to me.'1 she said, loftily ; ' but it wonld kill my mistress.' L.-idy Rosamond would have given a. great deal- to have been oblo to stop now whore she was in this business, but sho did not know how to do it. She had told Dunn sho would meet him at Sir George Eastman's, and dhe had to go. Sho took Garth with her, and went in a carriage to the magis trate's house- -Varra was duly exam ined and committed for trial,* on the testimony of Lady Rosamond, Garth, and the constable, ' She, denied steal ing, the jewels, but persisted in saying the trunks were hers, In ono of which they had been found. Garth and Ludy Rosamond identified tbo jewels, und Ludy Rosamond and tbe constable testilied'to finding them in' the trunk. It was a plain c.'iae,' Pif George said, and be 'corarnitted the prisoner for trial. AsOarth and Lady Roaamond rode back' to Sherwood House, it would be hard to say who hud iflio palest, gloeinieat fare. ' ' . 'I never expected it would come to this,' said Garth; .' That poor old. woman ! To think of her going to prison for what i/ou did, my lady I' , Lady Rosamond turned upon her savagely, her face -like a corpse, her eyes like coals. ' Don't you say that again,' '' Wu^'-uotP' asked the jvuiting rt oinun,- iueoleUtly. ?»' It's tru^ and.'a very bad buoine.ES too. ' I neveif' i»X peoled: it would, go bo far ae this. That-old Woman is, as innocent aa.I im. And.when the trial comeson, you xndl will'httve to go into court and jwear to what wo Baid tordaj-. I don't liko it; I am not euro I Bhbll bvt ablo to go through with it without tellu»g more than Ididto^dny. What do you auppoeo they would do with youj my lady, if 1 told all I know about thiB business ?' ' What do you know ?' asked Ros umoud, her voice tremulaua iu spite of ber. ' ' . .-???? ' I saw you take the topazes out of vour mother's jewel box'.' ' 'How do you kuow I did not put t!i em back?'' ? ' 1 am sure you did not, and. wbon I tell the retsl- — about' ^your siste^B things, her dreaseH, laces, jewolK— I ihinlc othoru will bo of - my opinion about your, raotlier'a topazes.' ?? ? Lady Rosamond fi-itbick and faint; ' I did not. expect thia of you','. Garth,' ahe 6aid. 'I, thought ofuU' people in the world you wouldbotlto last to ittil me. 1 never truBteil-uny,. ono us I have trusted- ..you.-^iiyriovcr made suoh friends with ijn^ one, not even my slstbr or iuy lu'pther?' -7 '-.-,:..;??' Garth looked somewhat ashanied. 'I have not failed you yet, and I don1 1 mean to,' she said, looking do yv n; f but 1 must bo well paid fur going against my own feelings and consci ence this way.' I've got some heart and prinoii.led, if I am only a waiting maid.' ? ' 'What do you call well paid ?' asked Lady Rosamond, gloomily. ' She had a presentiment: :that Garth would be' rather extortionate, ' but she was not prepared for the woman's pre sumption. She went beyond her woret forebodings, ' I want you to give mo that ruby pet of your sister's. ' .. _? Lady Rosamond looked at her in a bewildered and frightened manner. ' My sister's rubies !' she muttered. 'I dare not.' ' !: r ' They will be as safe with me as they will with you,' said Garth.'. . , 'But if it became known yoit had them, it would be thought you; hod Btolen them,1'- - -: ??????' ?? ?? : .1 . 'Then,' aaid Garth, calmly, ' I should tell where I got them*' ' Oh !' said Rosamond. fTo be Continued. ) ' 