RUNNER. By M-tS. GEORGE CORBETT, Author of "The Star of Yukon," "Behind the Veil," "The Adventures of Dora Bell," "When the Sea Gives zip its Dead," &cv; &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author.. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER VII.—FRIENDS AND FOES. On the 10th of May, 1898, late at night, a small steamer was making good progress towards the port of Matanzas, in Cuba, and so sharp a look-out was being kept that not the smallest object witmn range of vision was likely to escape notice, al though the steamer itself was admirably adapted for eluding . unwelcome observa tion, for it contravened one of the most important maritime laws by showing nei ther sidelights nor masthead lights. In . fact, it showed no lights of any kind, and every port in the vessel had its dead-lights lowered. Its exterior was painted a very dark grey, and it glided almost noiselessly for wards, being practically invisible only a short distance away. Bridge, chartroom, galley, companion heads, and everything else above deck that could be dispensed had been remov ed," and even the funnel was telescoped. As the reader will easily surmise the mysterious vessel was no other than the "Vendetta/'" whose new name had been painted over the bows since her departure from New York. It _ was evident that her navigators relied entirely upon the double set of engines, for no sails' were to the fore.- The companion heads had been re placed by . horizontal sliding-doors, which, were flush with the deck. Even the two small ship's. boats had been deprived of their usual supports, all prominent stan chions and davits being considered super fluous, and the boats themselves were lashed, face downwards, between the for ward hatch and the scuppers, there being barely, enough room left to squeeze past them. The only object besides the thin,, tapering masts which was of necessity somewhat prominent, was a "crow's nest, ' and this was quite indispensable for look out purposes. Liquid, smokeless fuel, was used, and the engines, which were of the most perfect modern type, were so well managed that they did their work with the nearest pos sible approach to absolute' noiselessness. But although "La Vendetta" glided like a ghost through the water, there was not a soul on board her who was not keenly alive to the possibilities of the moment, and.Captain Blake's anxiety was so great that he would not permit himself to take a much-needed rest, for fear a critical • situation should arrive while he was off guard: There had already been _ two or ' three very narrow escapes from being over hauled, and the nearer the-Vendetta ap proached her destination, the greater did the danger of capture become. '. A -short, 'black-haired, thick-set man was Captain Blake, who was by no means averse to taking his ease in times of peace, but who appeared to be gifted with super human endurance and versatility whenever occasion demanded. His- manners and general appearance were such as to indi cate that he'belonged to the merely re spectable, rather than to the refined sec tion of society. But he could be trusted to do his best for those who employed him, and he was endowed with a bulldog te nacity of purpose which made Rosina Benselaer think that she was as safe in his hands as it was possible to be while running a.blockade. . Yet this was a period of intense anxiety, and there was so little for the girl herself to do that she had had plenty of time to discover how much she missed the company of that pleasant young Englishman, whose plans bore such a curious resemblance to her own, although he lacked the incentive of filial affection by which she herself had been spurred to action. . ' ■Mrs. Harvard had retired'to her berth, but Rosina was too excited to attempt to sleep, and the captain himself was not more watchful than she 'was. Yet 'her watchfulness did not prevent her thougnts from being discursive,_ and She dwelt al ternately upon the misfortunes ofthe.Ren selaers and the personality of Eric Saxon, without being in the least aware that he occupied a much more important niche in her estimation than -that of friendship. "I wonder if the Santa Kosa is ready, for sea yet," she mused. "And I wonder if Mr. Saxon thinks about me as often, as i. think about him. And I wonder. But Rosina's further wonderments must' remain unrecorded, for there was a sud den change in 'the situation, which coneen tinted all'her .thoughts upon the peril of' xne moment. . "A-war vessel in sight! . , . Such was the news which was circulated in the Vendetta, and though is was as yet quite impossible for the Vendetta "herself to be seen, the course of tne latter was instantly changed, as he would otherwise soon have been crossing the stranger's bows, when detection would have been in evitable'.' ■ . ^ was 'hoped to elude both Americans and Spaniards, for the attentions of neither side were particularly desirable. " But if the Vendetta did have the ill-luck to be overhauled by 'the former there was- no worse prospect than confiscation of the . cargo and snip, and the compulsory return to the mainland in store, Tor if the crew were suspected of being in sympathy with the Spaniards their lives would, he spared. Even this contingency, 'however, Would 'be a terrible blow to Roaina's plans, and when she spoke it was in quick,, ex cited whispers, as though she feared lest the'sound of 'her yioce should penetrate as far as the menacing stranger. . "Another vessel on our starboard bow, sir," warned the look-out man, and this information was supplemented a moment later by _ the discovery that a third ship was in view. "Thev are American gunbpats, I .believe, and it looks as if we had run right- under the nose of 'the squadron," said the cap tain hastily: "We must_ put hack to sea again, if we can manage it. I don't thinu we have been seen yet. In this supposition the captain was quite right, and such splendid progress was made that the "Vendetta" was beyond the range of observation from the fleet before daylight, though it was now possible to identify the vessels which had caused the alteration of route. They proved' to be two American gunboats and one torpedo boat, and Captain Blake, encouraged by the fact of his comparative invisibility, de cided to hang around where he was for a. few hours longer. • "I guess those fellows are not steaming around there for nothing," he observed to Mr. Pereira, the mate, who had had so much experience of both America and Cuba that it would be easy' for him to pose either as an American or as a Penin sulare, although lie was a Cuban by birth and a rebel by inclination. He had taken part in the last rebellion,.hut he had man aged to escape the special "observation of the authorities. "They're perhaps think-: ing of bombarding either Matanzas or Car denas, and if they do I've more than half a notion that the Vendetta may be able to steal in shore without being overhauled by anybody, for both sides will he too busv to notice us while they are fighting."; "I think it would be too risky to do anything of the. sort as long as we have women on board," objected Mr. Pereira. "Of coul-se. you will please yourself, sir, but I imagine that Miss Renselaer's plans can hardly benefit by running into un necessary danger." . ..' • _' • '• "Iff I didn t know different, I should fancy chat you-were funky," retorted Cap tain Blake, with so much impatience thai Mr. Pereira had no difficulty m under standing how intolerant he would be to wards anybody who proved to be really; lacking in courage. "But you do ncrt need to worry about Miss Renselaer s plans, lor she will never find - man who will ••work more earefullv for their fulfilment Anthony Blake, and there i's not a seal «n hoard tiie 'Vendetta' "who has more news than that girl. To tell the 'truth, I fancy she 'will insist on us making a move 3oon if there is l-ikely to be a chance of malting a sensational entry into a Cuban .port- To run right under the noses of the blockad ing fleet,-and seek protection from the. Spaniards, is part of the original plan, for Miss Renselaer has her own reasons for wanting to hoodwink the Spaniards, and she has a bigger aim to serve than bring in" a; cargo to the insurgents. By thun der! Look at that!. There is going to be some warm work soon." . . . - Even as Captain Blake spoke it became apparent that the three war vessels were preparing for concerted action of some sort, for there was. much 'amaBing^ond consulting to be noticed, though the Ven detta" maintained too great a distance as. yet between herself, and- 'the warships to do more than- guess the meaning of certain movements of the Americans. However, as the day wore on, things , as sumed 'a -more decided complexion, Tor the little squadron steamed inshore, and there could soon not. be the slightest doubt that Cardenas was-the object of. attraction. The 'Vendetta" was hove-to with the steam blowing off below the, surface to deaden its noise, and lay an almost in visible epeck oh the water, but all hands on' hoard were"keenly concerned in w hat . was taking place! off Cardenas. - At 1 o'clock Captain Blake suddenly grew- wnkHv excited. "iMiss Renselaer,' - he exclaimed,-""L- woulda't mind -betting my. llast dollar that we-are soon going to have just the chance you are- wanting. Unless my-eyes deceive me, the gunboats are run ning: right into-Cardenas,- and if I were •you..L would hot: lose an-cither nun-ute in getting , every thing'ready.'. \- "But suppose we fall, into the hands.of the Americans?."- was Bosnia's cautious re mark. ; "It might: prove awkward for us if. we prepared for the- Spaniards too soon. But I will" have all ready for my metamor phosis, and a, few minutes will suffice for the actual operation, itself." : .. •=■■■■•:■ "Perhaps you are right. And meanwhile,; if you "go below, I,will let you know when it is time,for yoil to bestir yourself." "Thank you, captain, but your notions and mine do not seem to agree, over this ■business at.all. You imagine that I am as \- ,timid as the ordinary girl, who has all her ; life been, preserved from danger and 'ex citement; whereas I am-already inured to the endurance of anything that can- befall me now. Anyhow, if there is going to be an" action, 1 mean to see it." ; : • "Very well, mis'sie,- you won't have long to' wait, by the look of things, for our . three friends are certainly making an at tempt to enter the harbor. - If they don't fire on the Spaniards;.s'oon, the Spaniards will fire on them, and it is only-a ques tion as to which will be first. _ There are almost certain to be some Spanish cruisers near'the docks; and"I can't help thinking that my countrymen are just a bit too venturesome considering their size and number." • ■ For a little while the warships. proceed ed somewhat slowly, but presently they warmed To their work, and pushed oh-at itheir full speed until it- was 'difficult for those en board 'the Vendetta .to distinguish them.1 - 'We're; too far out." exclaimed Captain 'Blake, "and cannot do better tban steam a-Head, for if there's to be a figbt nobody, will notice us. And if there isn't, we can outrun- any gunboat." - Acting upon this opinion, the "Ven detta's" stem was pointed shorerwards. and the captain and mate were discussing the expediency of trying to find^a. ianding place in the vicinity' while the attention of both Spaniards and Americans was centred upoii the Bay off Cardenas, when the air* was suddenly filled with the sound 'b'fi'hqoming guns, and two of the Ameri cans, which were no other than the gun boats "Hudsonand "Wilmington," opened -fire upon three small Spanish cruisers which lay about three thousand' :6ve hundred- yards off,.'near'the docks. £To be continued^ from day to day till ' finished.] '. 