The Three Travellers. (By Mas Clement Shorter, in the Windsor Magazine ) There were three travellers sitting in the smoking room of a country inn, who had come together as strangers and grown ..companionable over their pipes and wine. Two of them were young, the third was grey-haired and wrinkle faced. They were discussing women's love. The youngest argued lightly, because he delighted in debate. The second bitterly, because he had been jilted and fancied .himself in love. The grey third without emotion, because he bad known. sorrow. ' For fairy gifts to win the heart of my fair lady,' said the yonngest, ' were we In the msgic days of old, I would ask nothing save a light hoart and a handsome face with a few harsh years stamped upon it,' ' Nay,' said the Becond youth ; 'I would request nothing save a purse of gold that never would grow empty, and were I ugly as sin, and wicked as its originator, I could buy the heart of any damsel I longed for.*'; ' And you,' said the first speaker, turn \- iog to the silent, grey man, ' axe too old to remember women's hearts are worth the winning)' ' Old ?' said the grey man ; ' how many years would you say that I carry ?' ' You look old for your days if you be under sixty?' . ' Nay, then,' said the man, ' I am forty five at cockcrow to-morrow.' ' Good Heavens !' said the youth, 11 what has aged you so 1' ' If I,' said the grey man, passing the question, ' had .the goodwill of the fairies, 1 would claim' the old gift women have always loved — more than beauty, wealth, gentleness, or aught else.' 'And that?' said the second youth eagerly. ' - ?? ' Courage,' said the man—' plain animal courage.' ' I don't agree,' said the other. ' Where would he be with an ugly face, beside the curled, beribboned, and handsome lover, the tender glance from dream-loving eyes, the sift hand? No.' 'I don't agree,' said the Becond youth. ' What ? the courage of the snarling hound before silkon gowns, horses, the envy of one's neighbors ? Gold it is, hard, yellow gold, that makes the ring.' ' Baauty wins the eyo,' said the grey man softly, ' and gold is pretty to_ the touch ; both make marriage. But I spoke of love — and courage wins the heart.' 'You bave a story to tell,' said one youth, filling his pipe; 'I see by your face.' 'Go od,' said the other, replenishing bis glaap. 'I have a story,' said the groy man, hesitatingly, ' o( a woman — of courage — of a man who waa a coward. It happened some 10 or 12 years ago, and I knew the inan.' This is the story that he told, and as he talked the glasses of the youths were unemptied and their pipes uufilled. Bat he bad forgotten them, for he spoke aloud the story that was seared upon bis heart. 'Ten or twelve years ago I knew the man. Ha lived in my village, but where Ibftt is does not matter. He was a coward. No one know he was a oward, except himself — aud a worxnii. In fact, to-day thoy speak of him as a hero in my village. ' Whnn be was a child he was full of many .terrors — afraid of robbers, afraid of ghosts, afr»id of the dark. Perhaps he hud beon frightened as a baby by some l u--se, and the' terrors lingered. It pome times happens thus that a child is ruined. When ho grow older ho was afraid of pain, afraid of blows. So he bad fjw boyish rows, and joined in no rough games. People thought him a quiet and gentle youth. Later he was afraid of being afraid—of the ebame of it. 'Then as his youth passed he grow out of this fear, as there wore no longer calls on his boyish courage. He passed to manhood, and then, wben he understood, he became afraid of death. Death was to him no peace and rest, but darkness. He thought of strangers, oreatures not made as he wap, there in the gloom — horrid facee, clutching hands, shadows half seen. Something of all this death waa to him, yet it was a terror that he couM not fully explain. ' Oaco as a boy he fought another, but that. was because the other was bearing a story to the boy's father, and he was afraid of his father. ' Once as a man he fought again, but that was because there was so possible means of escape without deadly sbame, and be fought like a child mad with terror. This nobody knew, and be won — his foe wan the smaller. ' Then he married the woman. ' For three years they lived together, and nothing t apponed to try his courage. Such is the calm of life. The much dreaded possible battles of boyhood were now no more. He was a man. ' But it happened he had to move from bis quiet village into a desolate part of the country. Why, does not matter. His was the only bouse for miles around, and it stood on the edge of a great cattle ranch. B hind it, some dis'arjee off, waB a railroad, and on one side a strong river, often swollen to twice its natural size by heavy rains. Over ib was thrown the railway bridge, too light for it, many thought, but the men laughed at the idea as be looked upon the great supports whioh stemmed Iho full flow of the tide. ' So for weeks their uneventful lives went on, nothing more exciting happening in the day. than the passing of the great train, tearing by like snmo screaming soul from damnation. A black snoke in the day time, one of fire by night. To the man and his wife it seemed the one link that bound them to civilisation — which spoke to them of the great world that they might else well forget. Through the windows thoy got many a lightning glanoe of that society they had left. Here was the young bride alone in a carriages with her husband, speeding on her honeymoon and regarding the world with a smile. There the weary city man reading in a corner his everlasting papers, there the merry schoolboy waving his hat and shouting his unheard jokes out of the window. There the hopeless woman mentally chpeking her household affairs. All were them. In each numbered carriage, everyone in his place — first, second, third, the division of the carriages according to the pnrse. 'Now the grim humour of circumstances willed it for the man that he should not be amongst those people who whirled past him from city to city, whose quiet, un eventful lives brought no strain upon their physica1 courage, who wont wi hout danger fiotn plico protected by civilisation. Who knows but that among the crowd who looked from the flishing windows of the train there might Dot have been many who ohated tho bit of social monotony and pined for the man's freedom 1 ? ' Soon be saw in the eyes of his wife as they bent upon' him looks of unquiet, or was it of fear ? Did sho suspect his 3ecret ? ; Was she afraid that he was afraid 1 Why should she suspect him ? He had a retro spective five minutes. Yes, once they were walking1 across the fields a great bull ran at the man ; he had turned and fled, but the woman was beside, him. Had he not shown ho know this ? Had he not looked to her first and kept between her and the bull ? He could not remember. He never could remember after his fits of terror. When be was u child they bore him along in one great gURt, blinding, deafening1, maddening for the time. Now the years had hardly lessened their strength. Again, he remembered a brawny villain who had leered at nnd shouldered his wife as they walked through a neighbouring village. He had turned on the fellow with stern anger, but the drunkon bravado would have nothing but blows, and before his olenohed fist the man had stepped aside. He knew, however, that hia voice had changed as ho said he would have no brawling before a lady. Onco again, when driving across the country his horse had taken fright, and ha remembered that he had sat pale and trembling while ? the I woman took the reins from his hands and guided the animal into quiet. She had never reproached him for these things, only her eyes seemed to speak ! and, then, how she loved courago! Once, when a weak ling lamb of hers fell into the swollen and rapid tide, she stood kneu-deep in the water weeping and calling to the man. When he reached her she begged him to go in and save the little creature. She could not swim, but he was a strong swim mer. Yet when he faced the running water he dared not take the risk for the sake of an animal and saidso. But a herdsman of the ranch had also heard her calling, and noted the bleating of the'lamb. Running down the bank he had flung off his coat and leaped into the wa*.er. With a few strokes he reached the drowning beast. To g6t back was not an easy matter, and twice the watchers thought the &winamer; ' must iail, hampered as he was by the struggling beast and with the strong tide against him. But he had fought his way j bravely, carrying the lamb, as a cat would j her kitten, in his mouth. When he at ' length reached the side the watchers ran to ' meet him and help him ashore. The woman said little, but thanked him with ! shining and excited eyes. The herd was shamed by her gratitude. He was a coward the minute ho was out of danger — afraid of thanks. He shuffled off, saying something about a flood in the river if the havy rains continued. When he had gone the woman turned to her husband, ' Oh, if you had done that !' ' But, dear/ he answered, ' is an animal worth the risk of a human life?' 'Ob, it was not the lamb,' she replied, with glowing eyes — then added thoughtfully, ' He was a man.' ''lam not as fine a swimmer as he,' tho man retorted, angry with her and with her self. ' Perhaps you would have been sorry if I had gone in to save your lamb and had been drowned ?' 'In a moment she had taken his hand in hers. ' ? Ob, dear love, yes !' she said. 'I am glad you did not risk it. I did not think ; but I love courage so.' ' She took the lamb in her arms and carried it into the house. As be walked beside her, the man heard her whisper, as she kissed the wet, woolly head, ' Yes it is right that the strong should help the weak, even if it be only a lamb.' ' After that it seemed as though some thing had come between them, some- j Ghing neither conld define. True, she , loved him even more than before, it \ might be, bub not in the same way. Now she seemed to add pity to her love, and no pride. Sho did not look up to him, but down upon him. Her lovo was like that of a mother for her cripp^d child. Yet, after all, it was the greater love, while love of the strong aud successful is selfish in a degree when he who loves lives in the shadow of that strength. 'One eveniDg the man, sitting in tho doorway with his beloved violin at his shoulder, beheld the woman coming towards him in great hasto, her pretty curls behind her In the wind, her cloak blown bnck, her little feet twinkling in their speed. At first he did not hear her calling to him', for his ami was with his music and travelled slowly from his dreams. Soon hor fright ened face became more distinct, and he was conscious something disastrous had haj - penod. He put down the violin aDd went to meet her, the bow still in his hand. S*e turned back tho way sho had come when she saw he was approaching her, and waved to him to hasten. ' ' The bridge ?' she cried—' tho bridge l! ' He hnvried after her, and tbsy renched tbo bridge together. What a eight there met his eyes ? The river, turbulent, un controllable, mad, swollen to twice its size by Iho heavy rains, rollod by in a torrent too strong for waves to break upon. Heavy and dark it inovod on, bearing everything betore it — trees, dead eheop, a struggling ox, and once a white face wMi drowned, staring eyes — all he saw in that moment go by like chipa of wood on that great river. Bu*; more than this ho saw, aud most ter rible — the great railway bridge had given way ! Tho contral buttress had crumbled and the iron rails trailed twisted to the water. At the centre of the grdafc bridge nothing remained to cover a gap of over ninety feet but the band-rail, which some how had loosened from its hold on the broken bridge and swung across — no — not a tight rope, but more like a ladder with rungs, which the stanchions made, half a man's height apart. The second wire, one could see, had broken on the further side, and this caused the whole fence to swing a^ if it might give way at any moment. In one second the man had seen all this ; in the next he bad remembered that the train would pass this way in an hour. An hour ! What a little time when there is much to do ! What an eternity when one waits ! ' ' My God ! the train !' he gasped, ' A hundred people — a hundred ? ' 'Ho looked into the rushing torrent, back with its force. ' Tho woman grasped bis band and her naila pierced tho skin. She was gazing at ' the wire swaying across the gap. 'There is only one possible way. I have thought it all out. Only one pos sible way.' 'Aud that!' ' To cross the wire.' ' The wire ? My God ! Yuu are mad ! Who would cross the wire ?'' 'You must. It is the only way to sive them.' ' It is impossible ; it might break under one's weight. It is probably loose or rotten with time. It would be suicide to a tempt it.1' ' There is no other way, and it is like a ladder — strong enough to bear a man. You are so swift and strong — so strong, Alfred,' she said slowly, turning and looking into hia eyes. ' There is only one nun to whom the chance is given to save all th se people — only one man ; and only one way.' The man looked round ; nobody else, they were miles from everyone, from every help — one man ; and ho a coward. ' There is another bridge ten miles off. I could just do it on Prince,' he whispered. ' Alfred,' she said ; ' if this bridge has gone beneath the flood, do you think that that other little bridge yet stands? If you find it gone, and you leave no time to return and go this way, many will die hero by your door — drowned, mangled, tortured — women and little children — little chil dreD. There will be crying and screaming — aud you will hear them — I shall hear them — oh, God ! oh, God ! — screaming down there in tho dark.' ' The man broke from her, the agony pouring down his forehead into his eyes. He put his feet upon the lower wires, and grasping the other in his hands shuffled & few feet from the land into the air. The wom«o leoned to his sleoyeV^and kissing it her face white with arjguish. ' The risk ot one dear life, for a hundred lives; in your care — oh, God !' ' The man went ou further j he looked down; hio bsain sickened. The WfQ- ':' swayed and creaked beneath bis weight. The black cruel water lay beneath him, and under his feet only the thin wire. And all i the time be was so near safely. He forgot ' the train and the people — only his own 1 dark danger was living. He sprang back to the firm land again. * 11 The woman looked into his face; her eyes were on a level with his ; she was tall but slight and weak. She looked at her tremulous thin hands and at the long gap between her and the' other side. The man saw the glance and it maddened him. It said, ' If these bad your strength I would not be as you. There is a weak coward in ? your strong body ; how did it get there ?' 'It would be madness to attempt this,' he said, I will go by the other bridge.' ' It is too late,' the woman said in a dull I voice ; 'e^eu if the bridge wore there you co'.ild not do it now.' Tne gentle woman before him seemed to grow into a harsh monitresB. j ' I believe,' ho muttered, ' that yon ! would rather see me dead — if a hundred were saved over my body.' ' I would rather see you dead,' she said like one repeating him. | ' You would rather that I were a dead Hero than a live ? ?' A word tripped on hor tongue ! he could see it. 'Why don't yon say coward?' he sneered. 'If I were dead in this causa, you would hear them call you the widow of a herd.' ' And uow,' the woman flashed up, ' thoy will say I am the wife of a ? — ? They will say that you were afraid.' . ' Tho man turned on her sadly. ' Ob, you woman,' he said, ' you should have been the wife of a soldier — the mother of. men children \ you would have loved them, \- worshipped them, and harnessed on their armour and sent them forth to die.' ' He turned from her and ran to the stables ; he flung a halter on the black hora», and, leaping upon IBs back, galloped 'off in the direction of the other bridge. The black horse covered the ground as it had 1 ever done before, but as they sped hy the side of the river the man heard a f:iot voice shouting from the water. He looked and saw a drowning man hanging to beam of wood, his white, wet face glowirig in the gathering gloom. The pallid lips o ened again. ' The bridge,' they said — u the bridge is down.' 'Yes! had be not known at all the time 1 the bridge was down, and he had run away from the danger on the other bridge near which the woman stood despising him. ' He turned his horse and drove it into the direction of that white face. The swift current nearly took it off its feet. It turned in its terror and raD, uncontrollable, towards its home. As the horse raced the current for a time, the two human beings gazed at each other, the one powerless to help the other in the darkness, *Help! help! help!' How the horse's feet re echoed that cry long after the drowned lips had gone undtsaeatbo ' The mam swayed in the saddle. Between the light of the fading day and the rising moon he saw plainly, as he came nearer home, the dark bridge with the great gap in the middle of it, and across the gap, fine as a spider-thread, the wire. The swaying wire — but what was 6n it ? Something small and black, like a spider, was creeping1 across. When he got nearer he saw that it was a man. There was someone braver than himself, then ? Well, she had got a hero at last. He drew nearer and watched. He saw the man crawl along, stopping often — sometimes it 'seemed through fear, sometimes to quiet the dangerous swaying of the wire, yet never looking back and always going for ward. SlowJy, slowly he went over the swollen, angry torrent. The man thought of the white face he had seen go under and shuddered. He wondered if this other man had seen it as he passed. This other man— Katie's hero, be would eall him ! Ha was jealous. WheBe should he be when this fellow returned full of glory ? Katie's hero ! Oh^ it was safe enough, after all, the wire, seeing that it bore this fellow, who was as tall as he ! Why did he not go and be brave for once? To Btand before her eyes, with a heart like a hair, and to fail her —to fall her ! 'Katie's hero had crossed ; he had stopped for a moment on the other side, where the lower wire had broken and there was no longer rest for his feel. Then he held on with his bands and swung himself across with them alone. He sank on the ground on the other side for a minute, and the man almost hoped for a jealous second that his rival had failed ; but when the man rose to bis feet and ran down the line be muttered hoarsely — ' God speed your feet !' ' Then it struck him as strange that his wife was not there to see the success or failure of her hero, and he ran towards the house calling. Through the lower rooms he went, and round the small garden, . but she was not there. Frightened, he again searched the house, and, coming to her dressing-room, he noticed the press standing open and all the clothes tossed about. A black suit he often wore was gone. A light dawned upon him. He rushed into her bedroom. Yes, there was the dress she had worn that morning. What had she done? He flew down the BtairB, calling her name, and ran across the fields to the broken bridge again. 'He saw it all now. She had dressed in his clothes and gone in his place. All the manhood In him rose up ; he would follow her. She had made a path for him ; he was no longer afraid. All along that low wire her little feet had gone ; all along the top one her pretty hands had moved. Her courage, like electricity, must lie there atillp and would give him strength to fol low. He put his feet on one wire and his hands upon the other. He slowly slid 'along them into the air. He moved bravely a few yards and then. The wire bent and Bwayed' beneath himj he looked down. Below him the black river tumbled, bear ing upon its breast the triumphs of its robberies;— dead animals, hay, beams, trees, even wooden furniture, stolen from some cottages, all jumbled together and hurry ing ever onward. 'The man gozed down cs he swayed above. He might yet be part of that moving \maB8. He closed bis eyea and started on again. Again he stopped, his face, wet with fear, turned to the heaveas so fair beneath the rising moon, smiling in the face of all this horror — he, the one lone, living thing, swaying between earth and heaven, life and death. ' He moved ouward ; he heard the cry of wild birds over the waters. Once a wing agalnBt his face caused him to leave go a hand. He caught again, trembling and moaning ; he worked his way on with more speed. Tbus did her little feet go ; here were laid the hands he loved. With a cry he found the wire had failed his feet and he was swinging by his hand alone. For a moment he swung so in terror before he realised that he had just come to the end of bis journey and was at the side where the lower wire had snapped. He swung himself forward and with a great effort landed on the bank. He sank on his knees an instant and then ran down the line. ' After running a few minutes he saw a man coming towards him ; he stopped and waited. He knew it must be she ; and it gave him no surprise to see her bright, dancing eyes and bonny face beneath the cap pulled over her brows. Whan she saw him she started and laughed. ' You are late ; it's all right. I was at the station before the train armed and all were saved. I beard it once dashing into the station Boon after I left. They never realised that I was not you in the failing light. The man took her two hands in his. ' My dear, why have you done this ?' ' I had to. You see, it was the only way. You wpre too late going by the other bridge — as I said.'' ' I did not go by the other bridge — I crossed the wire after you. The other bridge is down, too.' She clapped her hands. ' Ob, you were brave. Now you will not be a hero for nothing afcer all, and you did cross the wire.' ' A hero for nothing ?' the man ques tioned. ' Yes,' she said slowly. ' You see, it was the only way — I hail to pretend to be you. They did not see much in the moon light; I just said the bridge was down and bade them see to it, then came away. They all think it was you, and you will be a hero when they know how you crossed — and you did cross.' ' But they mast not think it was me. I will not ? ' ' Oh, but you must !' Then she said softly, ' I would not let them think you dared not come . . and you were the only one who knew.' ' So you came in my place ?' The man turned away in shame. ' Never mind,' she said brightly ; ' the glory ie rninp. I am your wife, and what you win I win. But let us go. Thay must not come, here to find us.' ' But how can we return ?' said the man. ' There is only the one way,' she an swered, and, seeing him draw back, added eagerly, ' You must not — you dare not — let them find me here like this.' 'In a few momenta they had reached the bridge. Sho laid her hands upon the wire rope. ' See,' sh6 said, ' it is tough and thick ; it is strong enough to bear a dozen men. Let us tie ourselves together like the Alpine climbers, and we shall feel more safe. See, I brought this in case I should want it.' 'She drew a rope out of her? pocket and dipped a noose beneath his arms, across his chest, and tied the other end around her waist. Then she laughed. ' If I Blip you can hold me, and if you lose your footing I can help you.' ' But the wire is not safe or the two together,' the man said, though to him the mere contact of someone near, even thus united, made him more courageous than when he went alone. He felt the wire rope; it seemed firm and stout enough. It had not started nor snapped a strand when he came over, and surely there was not much danger if only they held tight. ' Quick, quick ! they are coming ; let us get on, let us get on.' 'The man set his feet on the wire and started, the woman following without hesi tation. The wire creaked and swayed. ' Go back,' the man cried, ' go back ; take off the rope, or let me go first alone.' ' But she pushed him forward, and with her sweet companionship fear fled from .him ; he was anxious to got across only for her sake, and all his thoughts were of her. Yes, we csn get used to everything, and the second crossing of the rope did not seem half bo bad as the first. They had reached ths middle when the rope creaked again. Then some of the old fear returned and his face grew white and wet. 'Hold tight, whatever happens,' he shouted above the roar of the waters. ' At the horror in his voice fear seemed to come to her too. She clenched her hands upon the wire and refused to move. How that her mind had nothing to think of but their danger, she realised for the first time the risk they ran. ' Oh, I am afraid — afraid,' she sobbed. 'A little further,' said the man, the drops of agony blinding his eyes. They looked up at the serene heavens and down at the sullen death that awaited them be low— ot the dark figures coming along the line — too far off- to be of any possible help. ' One more effort,' the man said ; ' come, dear.' She closed her eyes and followed him. The rope swayed and creaked ominously beneath aim. He gave another movement forward — and the wire broke. A moment of nothingness, and thpn they found them selves hanging in the air a few feet from the rushing waters. The man clung fast to the wire, but ihe woman's hand only held a minute, and then let goa They swung like a pendulum over the face of daath. The man screamed in his agony. The rope noosed around his chest, and laden with' the unconscious woman's weight, cut into him, and teemed to pinch his heart out. He uttered cry after cry — and then he went mad. He was no longer a reasoning human being, but an insane animal fighting for life. There was some thing— he did not know what — dragging him down to death ; something that bit like a wolf into his breast, and choked like a serpent. He strove to free himself, but it drove him back. He loosed one hand and tried to push it from him; hepaB his hand into bis pocket — the thing was tearing the flesh from his ribs, it was pressing the breath from him, he was mad, dying. He Jrew forth his penknife and hacked at it. He was freed ! In a moment he had scaled the wire and stood in safety on the shore. What had he done with his wife ? The rope round his chest was cut, he looked into the rive?, and his soul died within him. That was she — whirling and turning, beaten by the passing timbers, half drowned in the waters — the woman he loved. Her white face was raised to his. He could hear screaming down there in the shadows, her pretty curls all gone, the red cheeks so pale, the parted lips washed over by the tide. And he had done this thing to his beloved. What had he done — he who would not have hurt her for all the stars in the heavens? Did she know what he had done? ' He was running along the bank to the spot where the water had swept her. She had clung to a mass of wood that had got wedged near the middle of the river. ' Here there had been a island now so flooded that nothing was seen of it but the tops of a few rocks, and on these the woman clun», not having a foothold. ' The man plunged into the river above and struck out for the island. It was an Impossible effort, but love bore him along. The water closed often over him. The drifting timbers struck him many times as they passed, so that he was bleeding and exhausted when at last he reached her. 'She rested, half fainting, clinging to the small foothold that the rooks gave and without strength to change her position. He drew her upon it and clasped her in his tired arms. ' My dearest !' he wept over her. ' Save me !' she cried, clinging to him. ' Oh, do not let me drown.' ' He held her to him without hope. Could he swim ashore with her, or could they wait long enough for help to arrive ? Already the river left them nothing dry to rest upon. They were standing on the ridge a few feet wide and the waters washed over it. He shouted for help. Far away he could see the black figures in the moon light investigating the broken bridge, but they did not hear her cries. He screamed to them, but at lost he saw them gather together and depart. 'He turned to his wife and bade her be brave, saying— ' If anything happens to fling us off this cling to me and I, will swim ashore with you. Put your hand upon me and you will float along by tny side quite Gaaily, only do not fear.' ' He saw a huge beam coming towards them, and repeated what he had said, He saw the great mass come like a cork nn the rising waters. It was making straight for them. The next moment he was in the water, with the senses half knocked out of him. He went down, and he felt he would never come to the top again. Was he rioing ? The water looked green around him. There were black things passing above him. His throat was bursting. He felt that in a moment the blood must spring from his ears and eyes. Would he never get to the surface ? 'It was clear, thank God, at last. He could see the blessed sky once more and the green shore. How far away it seemed! Would he overreach it,?. There was some thing clinging to him, keeping him back. But he could easily thrust it off — a weak thing like a child's hand. But there was no child there — nothing there save death. The waters washed across his eyes, blind ing him. The floating timbers and refuse struck his white face to red, but he fought with them all, flinging them from him. Everything, even the child's hand, wag gone now. Once a drowning cafc had reached him, caught his aleeve and tried to clamber on to his head. For a moment fchey had fought together — two animals mad with fear. Then the man want on alone with blood upon his mouth. ' The shore was growing green. He could surely see the trees now. One effort more for dear life. He sank and rose again, and once more sank. A3 he went down he stretched his hands once over the waters in a deep clutch to the overhanging branch of a tree by the river. For a moment he hung to, getting back to his strengh. Then he drew him self ashore. For an hour he lay there, half in and half out of the water, and then he rose — and lived.' ? » . . ' And he never told the world that the woman had saved the train ?' said ope youth after a long pause. ? ' ' That was part of his punishment,' said ? the grey man. 'It would have undone what she had died for. She was always in terror lest people should know that the man she loved was a coward. ' If I,' said the other young man, ' had left a woman to drown like that in madueas, I would have returned to the river in my senses and thrown myself in.' ' So would he have done,' said the gray man ; ' but when he looked into the water it was full of faces and darkness — a grave of horror. He was afraid to die.' ? 'And how do you come to know the story ?' said one youth. The gray man did nofc answer. He rose and went to the window. A.8 he drew aside the heavy 3urtain a fork of lightning flashed across his eyes, followed by a loud, crash of thunder. 'My God ! my God !' he cried, falling upon a chair and covering hia facs. The young men started to his aide. ' Are you hurt ? blinded ?' they cried. He drew his hands from his ghaatiy face and looked towards the window. 'Pull the curtains,' he said. 'I am afraid.' 