A Renewed Romamce. I WILL not give you back your letters,'' said he. " But you have no right to keep them now that you are not engaged to me any longer, Ernest Earnshaw." " Oh, my dear," he answered, " you cannot have all the advantage ! You have jilted me, and you can say what you please, and I can prove the truth by our correspondence. I al- ways kept the rough draft of mine, and there's no law in the land to make me give up my own letters." "Gentlemen do not talk of law ; they think only of honour." said I. " Ah ! whatever you please, Miss Travis. I suppose the fact that my grandfather did not leave me his property, and the other, that old Mr. Jafferell has half a-million to bequeath to his widow, have arranged things as they are to be. Goodbye, Miss Travis.'' But I must have my letters back, and that night as I sat up in bed I thought of a way to do it. Ernest—I mean Mr. Earnshaw ; he was Ernest to me no longer—boarded with Malvina Grey's mother. Malvina was a girl you could trust. She was a plain little thing with something the mat- ter with her spine but very sweet. I told her everything, and now I intended telling her the facts of the case, and asking her to let me go into Ernest's room while he was away and look for my letters. I knew that Ernest—I mean Mr. Earnshaw —was out by eight o'clock, and at nine I tapped on the basement window, and Malvina, who was making cherry pies, looked up and saw me and opened the door herself. And then and there I sat down and told her all about it, and about the letters. " And I want you to help me to get into Mr. Earnshaw's room and take what belongs to me. And you will, won't you ?" "It is a splendid idea," said Malvina. "You will have to wait until lunch is over, and Miss Peck and Mrs Jones go out. Then ma will lie down for a nap, and Biddy will be getting things ready for dinner, and Sarah cleaning the forks and glasses, and there will be no lady boarders on that floor. I'll get the latchkey, of course we have one for every room. Now, do stay for lunch, darling." ***** Cold shivers ran up my back when Malvina unlocked the door and we were really in the room—his room. " I suppose he keeps the letters in his desk.'' said she, " I know he doesn't keep them in his trunk, but this key unlocks all the bureau drawers and desks in the house. We keep it to lend boarders when they lose their key-rings. Now, I shall lock you in and sit on the stairs to keep watch though nothing can happen. I'll come for you exactly at four." I drew a chair to the desk and sat down and unlocked it. There was nothing inside but some note- paper and a little package of business letters, and pens and inkstand and a blotting-pad. I shut the desk and looked in the drawer. There was a cigar box. " Oh, dear," thought I, " where can I look now ?'' And I was about to try my key on the bureau, when I heard the street door open and then bang, and feet ascend the stairs. Then a key rattled in the lock, and I did the only possible thing to avoid discovery—at least for a moment. There was a wardrobe closet with portiere before it. I ran towards it and stood bolt up- right in the corner as Ernest—I mean Mr. Earnshaw—entered, followed by another man. They shut the door and sat down. They lit their cigars. " Ernest," said the strange person, " you are not looking well.'' I'm feeling wretchedly," said Mr. Earn- shaw. " I wouldn't tell another fellow, but I believe my heart is broken—there, don't laugh. You see that photograph on the mantelpiece ? We were engaged to each other,'' said Ernest, "and I loved her better than my life, and I thought she was fond of me. But you know how grand father cut me out of his will, and then a rich old fellow began calling upon her, and she picked a quarrel with me—that's all. She is a mercenary little wretch, but I—I am a fool, Henry. I love her still. I shall keep her photograph all my life—and her letters to read and kiss—I cannot give them up ! ' " Stuff and nonsense !'' said this Mr. Henry —heartless brute!— "you'll find a better girl in no time." "There is but one girl in the world for me," said my Ernest. " There, now, I've done. You know my trouble. I'll hide it from the world, and you will never speak of it to anyone I know." "You'll not have any trouble in six months," said that horrid Henry. "Now you'll come up and spend your holiday with me, won't you ? I'll just step out and buy those things for my wife, and you pack up what you need, and meet me at the station.'' Then Henry walked away, and Ernest—yes,. my poor Ernest—took a bundle of letters from his bosom and kissed them, and took down my photograph and kissed that, and then, having pulled a valise from the corner, he walked to the wardrobe and pulled the curtain back. The next minute I was staring at him, and he at me " Is it her ghost ?" I heard him say to him- self, and I —well, there I was—it was not a position to impart dignity. " It's only me in the flesh, Ernest," I said. " I wish I was a ghost, so that I could vanish. And now you can boast all your life if you like—but I am not going to be a wicked little wretch, and I will say something. Firstly, I did not care about your grandfather's horrid money. Secondly, I—I only mean't to 'tiff' a little—not to break off, only to frighten you. Thirdly, I—I—oh, I've found out that you really, truly love me, Ernest, and—though it is broken off—I—I want to know—I used to love you very much—and I couldn't be going to marry old Mr. Javerell, because he is engaged to my Aunt Ophelia, and he never wanted me. I came to get my letters but you may keep them. I—I've misunderstood you, and though we part for ever, forgive me, Ernest." * * * * * Malvina was my bridesmaid when I married and is to-day my dearest friend, and the only one who knows how Ernest and I came to make up our quarrel. 