-LOCAL NUISANCES. A WORD TO OUR ALDERMEN. (to the bditob). Sir,— I desiro through your columns to draw the attention of our municipal fathers, who have the borough's wel fare in their keeping, to an intolerable nuisance, which ahould be done away with at once. I allude to the practise of the Nightman perambulating the. main Btreet of the borough with his useful but highly unsavoury vehicle at moBt unseasonable hours. Three times during the last fortnight I have either overtaken or met this noisome visita tion in the main street before half paBt ten in the evening. On the first occa sion when 1 heard the distinguishing rattle of this cart 1 could hardly be lieve my ears, as I had a preconceived idea that .this sort of work was done in the dead of tbe night, or at least when the bulk of the population had courted the drowsy god. But tbe frightful exhalations whioh assailed my nose confirmed the impression made on my ears, and thoroughly sickened me. Again, and yet again have I met this effluvial horror, each time before half past ten, and on the third occasion it olattered its noisome way through a party of ladies returning from a lec ture ; and ever since then whenever I see a dray or cart looming up out of the darkness any titno during the evemug a. uuu b aujr rumo, uuu with a muttered malediction on the municipal management in this respect, I make tracks with all expedition up a side street, or flee away into the open country " where the night carts cease from troubling and disease germs are at rest," There is no joke about this thing at all and the sooner the Council restrains tbe impetuous ardour of the custodian of this odoriferous cart the better it will be for all those who have oooasion to be out between sundown and eleven o'clock. Apart from its unpleasantness it is not a wholesome thing to meet, and the nuisance should be done away with promptly, or our medical officer should at once put his veto on this frightful infliction. While on the.subject of nuisances I may mention tbat on passing the dram at the oorner of Mr Aiken's business premises lately, I was sudden ly taken aback with a stench, which made me think for a moment that the ghost of a night cart must be passing by, invisible to mortal eye. I prompt ly fled up Bathurst street to Mr Johnston's hotel to fortify my system with a judicious dose of bis excellent whisky as an antidote (not that I like it) , but to my horror the stench at tended me like an evil demon all up the stteet till I .reached the whisky. I was afterwards told tbat this is the natural smell of Bathurst street. Some thing should be done to alter thiB state of things, which- involves a probability of some serious epidemic, probably of a typhoid abaracter. And again, I would suggest that, from a sanitary point of view, it is a very questionable- thing whether an extensive piggery should bo allowed to exist within an arrow's flight of the heart of the town, The pig is doubt less a noble animal aud very useful to man, particularly in the form of the .toothsome rasher, with an attendant egg (poached, or fried nice anil browu iu the gravy), and most unquestionably a nice piece of belly of pork, with Haricot beans, is ' not to be sneezed at.' Therefore the worthy citizen who cultivates the tender porker or tbe majestio bacon hog deserves well of his country. But the hog, collectively (and particularly a large number of hiui), is an undesirable neighbour, aud his dwelling place is most unfragrant ; and many times — particularly during last autumn — on balmy evenings when one would willingly have inhaled the perfume of tbe gardenia or tho scent of the more modest violet, a disgusting odor haB been wafted across from the piggery, making Aibury street a place to be avoided ; and " when tbe wind blows in from the south," in place of tbe Bweet, health-giving zephyrs, ladeu with tbe perfume of Eucalypti bios- BAtna ma rvaf tfia airtlraninr flttn litis OUUIO| nv gCH kUV Diyuvtisiig MMW wholesome odor of many pigs ! These nuisances should not be allowed to exist in our otherwise salubrious little township. Arise, oh Municipal Fathers, and see to it I PRO BONO PUBLICO. 