CHAPTER XV. Is there any loneliness on earth like the loneliness of a great city? To walk through crowded streets, to gaze at hundreds and hundreds of un- familiar faces, to meet cold and in- different eyes in a passing glance, to feel that among these crowds of human beings you yourself are an unnoticed and uncared-for unit, your fate a matter of indifference, your wants and sorrows unimportant. Surely this is as melancholy a thing as the return of a wandering ghost to the scenes of its earthly pilgrimage. To the liv- ing soul as to the dead comes the sense of being undesired or unmissed. The busy world can do without you, the place you filled is occupied by an- other. I had had my fill of such loneli- ness since I came to London. I lived in a quiet lodging in the neighbourhood of Bloomsbury. It was a bed-sitting room at the top of the house. The rent was moderate, and my meals were charged for when I had them, at a stated price. The first thing I had done was to provide myself with the leading theatrical papers and copy out the addresses of various agents. To these I applied in due course, entered my names in the books, paid a fee in advance, and retired more or less hopeful according to the reception they gave me. In my secret heart I did not like any of these gentle- men. There was a certain boldness and familiarity in their looks and questions that annoyed me greatly. I objected to being addressed as "My dear" or "Ducky," or paid coarse compliments as to my eyes, complexion. or figure. I wanted an engagement from them purely as a matter of busi- ness, and expected to be treated in a business-like manner. This, however, was the last thing they seemed inclined to do. When I stated I was unfa- miliar with the stage they advised me to "chuck it up" or "go into keeping and get someone to run me." This was so much Dutch to my igno- rant ears, and I frankly suggested that my voice and my knowledge of music were surely worth something. They wouldn't hear my voice, that was the duty of a manager, or someone "boss ing a show in the provinces," they informed me. However, I might call again and see if anything had turned up. I did call again, and yet again. I always saw a crowd of untidy-look- ing girls, with awful hats and made up faces, of men of all ages, on whom the genus "actor" was stamped as in delibly as a brand. This crowd were always laughing, and chaffing, and ex- changing broad jokes and witticisms. They called each other by their Chris- tian names, and abused the agents, or recounted wonderful "successes" on tour, which fully entitled them to a London engagement in their own eyes, but apparently the agents dif- fered from them, in that respect. They would look at me with critical curi- osity, and exchange opinions as to my appearance or my "line" with audible frankness. I told myself that these were the brothers and sisters of my self-chhosen profession, and tried to feel friendly towards them. I did not wish to be prejudiced in advance, but it was hard work to avoid it. They were so loud, so vulgar, so atrociously dressed, and powdered, and "made-up." The men, too, looked as if they had slept in their clothes, so crushed and creased were collars and shirts and coats, and their unshaven, unwashed faces aided this impression. Sometimes I sat in the office with a "Stage" or an "Era" before me, and listened to the conversation. It was as remarkable for its blunt egotism as the advertisements in these journals. I used to read these same advertise- ments with a frank wonder at their unblushing conceit. Miss Viola Delaney would head hers "Our Prize Packet of Ability," and thank Mr. Somebody for an offer which a present first-class en- gagement prevented her accepting. Miss Ivy St. Claire invited offers, "lead or principal parts preferred." Various other ladies quoted themselves a "ter- rific success," "amazingly clever," or "specially engaged." A few leading lights added half a dozen press notices to their name and title role. Some were "starring," some were "resting," but none were silent as to their quali- fications or modest as to their deserts. Some were so beset by offers and en- gagements that they employed a pri- vate or special agent, to whom all com- munications were referred; others less fortunate gave a post office or a box office in case their services were in- requisition. After a month of this experience I began to grow impatient. The columns of the papers assured me of vacan- cies in companies, of incompleted tours, of the need of "good voices," of wil- lingness to take novices or amateurs and bestow on them stage experience and small salaries, but the agents as- sured me none of these would do. The sort of thing they had in their eye for me would be sure to turn up in a day or two. I must call again. So I would trudge home through the streets, lonely and heartsick, and wonder if there was anything else I could do while the weary waiting went on. I bought penny papers and studied their contents. Surely it must be easy enough to write stories for them. I resolved to try. I noted the style and kind of fiction they offered their readers, and I had a fluent pen. I made up, a "moated grange" tale, with a lovely heroine and a mystery. I wrote it in a couple of days, and sent it to the "Home Tattler." I expected it to be taken at once, so informed them that my terms for such a contri- bution were five guineas. To my sur- prise I got the MS. back next day. They were overcrowded with MS., and my story was quite unsuitable. No- thing daunted, I went through all the series of those penny leaflets, and spent my evenings writing "down" to what I considered their level. At the end of another month I had quite a collection of soiled and tumbled MSS.,, but not one had been accepted, even though I had become magnanimous enough to leave terms to their editor's discretion. * * * * * * I am conscious of a growing indig- nation. My stories may not be works of genius, but certainly they are quite up to the average of those I read. If their authors have found acceptance, why should, not I? I can gain no answer to the question. This is the history of my London life so far. It brings me back to that dissertation on loneliness with which I commenced this chapter of my journal. For I am very lonely: there is no denying it, and the very excess and abundance of life around and about me intensify that sense of desolation. (To be Continued.) ======= Brookville.—Residents can obtain "The Examiner" from Propsting Bros. 