THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. (Continued from page 7.) Mr. SOLOMON—The Bill is ready, and with a little sticking to it, I am sure it can be passed through the other branch of the Legislature, so that 30,000 fresh elec- tors can vote at the next election for the Legislative Council in April or May. Mr. O'LOIKJILLIN— You onlj- \rant to tide over the present moment. Mr. SOLOMOX-Oh, I daresay the hon. member knows what is in my mind ? .Mr. GRAJXGER— There is nothing in his. (Laughter.) Mr. SOLOMOK— If Mr. O'Loughlin de sires to redeem his pledges to liberalise the Legislative Council he will hardly be justified in refusing to take a step in 'that direction. The Gorernment will gjre every possible opportnnrty for dealing with important business of private members. Mr. HOLI-ER— What are you going to do about Renmark? Mr. SOLOMON— The dockets on that matter have not yet been submitted to Cabinet. He would ask hon. members to sit late on Wednesday and Thursday, and to sit on Friday next week. Hon. 'meni- bere will not require us in the brief time at our disposal to give a fuller declaration of our ideas in connection with the policy which we have laid before die Honae. Hod. members may say— 'Most of your planks belong to the platform of the old Minis try. (Hear, bear.) Of course they were, and that must necessarily be the case with ail Ministries, who have to take np many things handed down to them by their predecessors. Big fleis have litile fleas upon their backs to bite 'em. And little flaas have lesser ness, and so on ad in fin 1 turn, I -will set a good example to the Houee by not speaking at too great length. I caa only promise that questions of grave im portance to the prodncing, commercial manufacturing, and labor interests will re ceive the earnest consideration of the Go ve'»?»cnt. Questions of administration will be approached witji care, and we shall endeavor to avoid eomplaintu hi connec tion with the control of departments ''''rtich we have heard so much of , H. ,.e desare t° eet on with die business of Parliament without delay, and we rivo an earnest of that to-day 'fcy asking the Motive- ito proceed without adjournment, in return for that -we confidenUy ask for the nelp of hon. members, and for fair treat ment at their hands. We hope rfiat the period of depression from which the co lony has suffered is now at an end, and we trust That with a fair harvest and increas ed prices for copper and -wool, Aat better tunes are in store for a31 sections of pro tfueers, and through them for all sections of tie community. We hope to be able to control and administer the finances of the colony rn a way that will prevent the ac cumulation of deficits, or the necessity of anv increased taxation. We hope to dp able to meet the Houne after recess— whicL we have no fear of being able to reach— wrth a policy which wfll win the approval of the majority of member*. (Cheers.) On the motion of Mr. KINGSTON, the debate was adkrarned till next -lai- MR JUSTICE DASHWOOD. Mr. GRAINGER drew attention to the fact that Mr. Justice Dashwood had,jnade senous reflectionB on the administration of justice in the Northern Territory, and by inference on rts administration on bonth Australia, in his evidence before the Abongmes' Bill Select Committee. He S**?? ,that '* was a notorious fact that blackiellon-a were thot like crows in the ftorthern Territory, and no action was taken against the offenders. Would the Premier call upon Mr. Dashwood to prove his assertion, or, failing that, will he take such steps as he thinks necesaarv to vin dicate the honor of South Australia in this particular? Mr. SOLOMON said as Mr. Dastwood was remaining in Adelaide for a few days longer he would ask him for an explana tion of tie full meaning of his statement and liis grounds for making it THE POLICE ENQUIRY. Mr. SOLOMON, in reply to Mr Roberts, said he will lay the report of the Police Enquiry Board, with the evidence;, on the table. nfc Mr. GL-YNN, in reply to Mr. Hutchison said the printed copy of the evidence, and . c rePort of 'ke board, was put before the Chief Secretary only that morning, and as it was of a most voluminous charac ter there bad not been time yet to deal with it. The Gorernment could not come to any decision concerning the suspended detectives opon the newspaper publication of the report, without having seen the evi dence first. In the meantime, the business of the Criminal Investigation Department was being transacted without inconve nience, and a decision concerning the sus pended detectives -would be arrived at as soon as possible. THE LABOR BUREAU cHT-JVOOD asked if the Commissioner of Public Works would enquire into the general working of tie Labor Bureau, and ascertain whether it cannot be im proved. Mr. ROUNSEVELL— I will, certainly. ' ,r „ AMARCH SESSION. Mr. BROOKER asked if the House would be summoned to meet in March to consider the question of the redistribution of eeats in the South Australian Parlia ment. Mr. SOLOMON said the Government were hopeful that there would be no need or such an early meeting of the House, but it might be necessarv to call members together next year earlier than the ac customed period to pass legislation pre paratory to the election of members to tae Federal Legislature. THE FRANCHISE. Mr. KINGSTON asked if it were part of tne Government policy to enfranchise all the occupiers of houses on mining; leases without enfranchising occupiers ot all residences elsewhere? Mr. SOLOMON said the Government want to enfranchise occupiers of houses on mining leases who, although owning pro perty which, in the natural order of flings, would entitle them to a vote if they were leaseholders, were not enfran chised now. Mr. KINGSTON understood the propo sal was to reduce the occupier's qnnlifica tion to £30 yearly. Was it intended only to give the vote to those occupiers on mineral leases whose property had an an nual value of £20? Mr. SOLOMON said the details of the scheme, which were somewhat difficult. Lid not y#t been considered, and he asked Mr. Kingston to give notice. Mr. KINGSTON asked if the same an nual and actual value would be required as regards residents on mineral leases is was required in respect to other lease Mr. SOLOMON aeked Mr. Kingston to give notice. Mr. KINGSTON— Sorely -to goodness vou can answer that. LAND VALUES ASSESSMENT. Mr. HOURIGAN asked if every facility wonM be given to pass the Laod Valaes Assessment Bui in the Council. Mr. SOLOMON said such facilities would be given in connection with this and all other measures favored by the Govern nwMit Mr.' JENKINS a«farl if Mr. Stirling would support the Land Values Assess ment Bill. Mr. SOLOMON— Yes. EFFECTIVE VOTING. Mr. SOLOMON, in reply to Mr. Price, said the Government had riot yet fully dis cussed the proposal to apply the Hare Spcnce system of voting to the South Aus tralian elections. COMPULSORY REPURCHASE. Mr. SOLOMON, in reply to Mr O'Loughlin, said the Government would abandon the Compulsory Repurchase Bill. VARIOUS QUESTIONS. Mr. BURGOYXE told Mr. Coneybecr that he would enquire into the need for repairing the Buraside school and the lead teacher's residence. In reply .0 Mr. Von Dous6&, he said that the Clarendon Board of Advice are being consulted as to the site for the school and teacher's resi dence at Scott's Creek, and instructions for the preparation of plans have been given. Tenders will be called for as soon as these matters are arranged. llr. GLYNN, in reply to Mr. Tucker, said that 5.5 applications, were made durinc the past six years for the extradition ot criminals from places outside the colony. It has not been the invariable practice to require a guarantee for the extradition of criminals from places outside the colony. Five exceptions have been made as fol lows: — Thomas Downie, extradited from New South Wales, absconding from bail, on a charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm; George Thomas Green, extradited from New Zealand, on a charge of abduc tion; Georpe Douglas and Mary Uolden, extradited for housebrcaking. tost shared between complainant and Government; J0I111 Anderson, extradited from New South Wales, on a charpe of murder; Henry i?ol]y and James Muir, the former extradited from Tasmania, and the latter now being extradited from England, foi conspiracy re O'Connell's caf=e. A written guarantee was given by the solicitors act ing on behalf of the society, to pay ex penses in bringing Kitchen back. In 'reply to Mr. Paech, he said that district coun cils who hold under trust recreation grounds, cannot let such grounds lor the purpose of agricultural allows. Mr. ROUNSEVELL, in reply to Mr. Price, said that the Government, until they acquire the Gleneig railway line, have no power to engage the men in connection with it, but if the acquisition of the line is delayed they will endeavor to arrange with liie company to take tlieni on. _ In reply to Mr. Duncan, he slid that from Oetolicr, 1697, to October. IP**, ihc on*t of keeping the Yuuta yard clear of (-and was approximately £350. INNAMINCKA RAIMVAY BIU-; Adjourned debate on -Uie second reading. Major CASTINE was sorry to be rue fir*it member to opiKKe a Government which he somewhat favored. This was only half a Bill, and it would be belter not to press it. He must lake precisely the same stand as last year, and vote against the measure. _-.. , On tlie laoiion of Mr. KINGSTON the debase was adjourned till Thursday nest. GRAVING DOCK BILL. On the motion of Mr. SOLOMON, the order of fhe day for the second reading ot the Port Adelaide Graving Dock Bill was read and disvharped. VKTMIIV DISTRICTS BITX. Second rcidin?. Mr. POYN'TON, who was received wiifc cheers, said he had not expected 00 be call CiIodm) ,-oan to move tlie second reading of the Vermin Disiriets Bill. The ruea sare was urgent, as it wns necessary to de fine what a vermin femre shouJd be. as soaie of those now erected were most uu satUfaotorj-. The occupation of much of the ooantrj' was impossible uuies« it was protected from the ravages oi wild dogs, who couid only be kept out by die exten sion of substantial vermin d:ii.ricis. Clause 3 set forth that t3ie fence nros;: be at lesist 4 it. hi^h, and it had been JraAed on tiie advice of the Surveyor-General. The Biil was not on arbitrary lines, as the Commis sioner could vary the details of t5ie con struetSon of the fence. Tue Wilgentt ver min district to which £11,000 oi Govern ment money had been advanced, bad erect ed a fence lees than 4 ft. iiiph, and it ivas coaxp&ined; that it only trained the dogs to jump. The posts were on]}' 3 fi. 11 ix. high at Wi!gena, and tile top' wire was 5 or 6 in. be'.ow. It w.is only fair if the Government advanced the money that they should 'have some control of liie nieihoj of erecting the fences. Tue Bill relieved from die liability to pay dog Ulx rtrose owners who enclose liheir land witti a satisfactory vernuu-proof fence, bin the «ccujMers of lands adjoining vermin-proof districts are to pay haK the cost of any fence erected by tue board, which enclow. his hind, or an}' part of it. The ninth section provides teat a Government repre sentative fliall sit on «i2l boards, and viiia too had been atked for by the Surveyor General. He did not propose to go on with section 12, which gav-; powir 10 the Governor in certain ca-us r-- tUMH-nd -r abolish boards improperly p?rio'uiin:j; thi-ii functions, wliile the two f-j'iou-in;* clauses, which referred to suspended boards, would either have to excised or redrJtroJ. A new departure was that which required the publication each April of alphal-etical list of ratepayers entitled to vote in each district. lie hoped the House would as sist him in getting the Bill through as soon as possible. Mr. GILES sunnArtpfl trjn Kill. Vsr. min-proof fencing has been of the grcafest advantage to ^beep-farmers. Even at Wil gena, where it was once necessary to shepherd the sheep, there were now com paratively few loFsef, while a sinularly satisfactory result had followed the con struction of vermin-proof fencing in the hilly districts about Mount Remarkable. It was necessary that all fenceerection should be under the supervision of the Government, but there was no need to have a Government representative on every board, as that would be too ex pensive. The fences must be strong to keep dogs end kangaroos from breaking through, and barbed- wire should l-e freely used. He objected to tlie proposed power to abolish boards. He hoped the Bill would pass this session, as it would help to keep more sheep in the countrv. Mr. HOMBURG was plad verniin-jiroof fencing is now popu'ar. r.- he w.ss sueered at when lie introJuccd the first Iliil in 1S9-J. That Act had required little ilterj tion, whereas succeeding Acts had been contir.naljy amended till they xrc-re now in a state of ^haos. ^ueep-farruers, who paid rates, and were responsible for M.e re payment of the Government advances. should know best what kind of fences to put up, though he deferred in tliis mat ter to the euperiot knowledge of die Surveyor-Gtnerai and the Commi^ionrr of Crown Lands. He thought it too inucii to ask persons outside a vermin district to pay Tralf the cost o; any rennin-praci fence abutting on their lands. es.Dcciaily as they would be also liable for kiiairs. He did not think the Government need have a representative on ever}' Vermin Board, although in some cases it might be necessary. It would not be wise for the Government to strike out clause 12, which allowed the suspension or abolition of neg leetftrl boards, as die power to compel die boards to do their duty might be very useful. He did not think it prudent, hov, ever, as provided for in clause 18, to al low a fifth of the rates, instead of a tenth as at present, to be devoted to fees, sala ries, and expenses. (Hear, hear.) He supported the second reading of the Bill. Mr. O'LOUGHLIN wished to explain why the Bill was prepared. Advances for wire netting had assumed larre nrorror tions, but the}' enabled occupiers to live on their lioldimrs. Still, it ms weil to be cared ul. Dis trict councils had received £01, 000, and they had paid up their instalments exceed ingly well. We had lent under the Act to the vermin boards £27.079, and to pri vate persons £903. The Wilgena Vermin Trust, consisting of Messrs. John Acra man, Clement Giles, and Dutton Green, were threatening to throw up the land un less certain things were done, and this had, of course, put the Government in a rix, as they had advanced some £12.000. The Bill was intended to protect the Govern ment from loss owing to actions of this sort. One of the vermin fences erected with loan money was only six to ten feet away from another fence which mipht have been utilised for affixing the netting to. This was scandalous, but the explana tion was that Wilgena is very far away, and that the board was trusted to expend the money in the most advantageous way. He had received an unsatisfactory rcpoit as rcfrards the character of the fence, and theretore he had provided in the Bill that a Government official must have a scat on every Vermin lioard. He hoped no other board would be formed until the Bill has become law. Mr. COPLEY said when he first heard of the erection of one fence within a few feel of another fence, he thought it in credible. Mr. HANDYSIDE— The old fence was falling down. Mr. COPLEY said the general system of making advances to verniiu boards had been justified by the result. He supported the Bill. j Mr. HUTCHISON said he had inspected the Wilgena fence, and considered a great wa«te of public money was involved. In ho part was the fence more than 2 ft. Sj in. high, and owing to the satsniig of the wires it was in many places not more than 2 ft. in height. It was in no *onsc a Jot proof fence. Below the pates was a space of from 2 to 0 ill., so that' verniiu could ja-t through. Tl:c old boundary fence v.-.i« thoroughly substantial, had rive wires, and would only have required additional po*t& 30 ft. ajiart to lianp the nettirij; anil barhed wire on it. 'I'hc nov.- foucc \v;iii a most dis graceful one. It would be necessary to have a qualified omccr to look after the hoanii-, for Mr. Hiibbe, who reportol on tli? Wil cena fence, made several errors in liis ral culations, such as a mistake of 10/ per mile in the cost of the barbed- wire. lie ssui-- ported the Bill. On the motion of Mr. McKENZIE the debate was adjourned till next day. CONSTITUTION AMENDMENT BILL. Second reading. Mr GLYNN, in moving tlie second read ing, said the Bill was to oarry into effect the motion carried by Mr. Solomon in thai louse. Personally he Mill -'0!i;-idi-ri-d egu-lalton on the subject should emanate from the Federal Parliament. Stttiurr 2 of the Bill simply dcvlarcil that 110 memlicr of the Commonwoallli Parluuncut shall l)c qualified for noinination or election in the boutli Australian Parliiunpni. Sc.-tion 3 said that members of tii-» ioml r.irlinment must vacate tlioir seat* on taking a seat in the Federal Parliament. On tho i.ioi'ion ..1 Mr. HOLDEll the dc bate was adjourned till Thursday next. LOCAL -5--VEKNMENT HILL. Second readiiiji. Mr. GLYNN, 111 moving the MH-on.l iva.i ing, said the Bill alloiveil ttir the creation of county boards for various purposes, and opened the way for a beneficial develop ment of r.iuiiiri[ul socialism. The Hill pro vided rhat a IoVjiI body can borrow with out the necessity ot n spocin! rate or a yoli of che citizen:-. Thi- .insemlmon: .-: t:: ?? ffxistiiig law wa.s imii'li de-irej !-v ;';e Ade laide C-orjwration. TIktc is ?: siiih: i-;i.ini» as to auditors. Now both arr- clrf ;ii1. Imt in future oue is to be appointed ??-' i!:* Gnrcniment, so that a Govcrnniont audit may be secured. (Hear, hear.) Tai»- wa-. a hifhly nerc-sarx' provision, and would in the past have prevented many embezzle ments. There was nothing else of im portance to mention, as the other altera tions were in respect to minor details, and not i-hnnjrcs of policy. Though voluminous th-_- Bill v.-*« in the ruain merely an as siniiliitinn of disirio: connri) jnd munirjpa! Liw\ II, ? ho]X'd the House would aim at the pise-age o: the Bill tSiis session. If any ttineiitimrni-i suggested themselves to him as lieing ncce-s;irj- he would bring ilmn before the notice of the lloufce. Tiitt Bill wa- read a second time and for mally taken 111 L.i committee, which obtain ed !c.»ve ;o sit ac.uu on Thursday next. METllOl'OLI.TAN CEMETERY. Adjouniedjdcbaic on the inotion of Mr. Biit/iiolor— j 11:11 liie import oi the Select ('ommiitcc (see J'.iriinmentary ]-aper No. 7.'-, ol 1S3S) on the site tor a metropolitan .emereiy. be adopted; la which itr. Gfl i-ert has moved to add 'subject to the dis sent thereto appended, and that the re commendation 'subject to the same dissent 'oe given eirei-i to.' J!r. HUTCHISON admitted diat it was no: .idviiobJe 10 liax-e a cemeterj- in the midst ot a populous district. Still Para t:e!d v.as too far away, and if it were selected the t-ost 01 luncraU would be in creased. They were too expensive now, and there was annually spent on the dead money enough to keep all tiie poor people in affluence. He liUcd persons to be fond of their dead, and to visit their last resr inK places frequently. Apart from iis di» tanuc from Adelaide vhe Paraneid site was suitable, but popular sentiment is apainsr it, esi)ccialiy as n will c-ost i8,000 to com plete its ]tre]nraiion. Tlicn, too, it would cost .t'27,000 to put down a double line of raihvay, while the fares would be 2/ first ?i.i.-'. iuirt 12 second class. A site should l-e choscu at a more convenient distance from the city, where trains would run oftener at lower fares, which would still jirove profitable. It misht be jrise to extend West -terrace in a north- westerly di rection towards the railway-line, or, if not, n *ite not more thau three or four miles from the city should bo chosen. Tlie one suggested near Woodville was most conve nient, and the Grange railway ran tlirounh i(. Tlie Dett'tute Asylum m:cht «-rth ad vantage be removed to Parafield. He sup ported tlie adoption of the report. Mr. CATT wild the jact that lie was Cmi'Tr.isKiorier of Oro«'n Lands, when the Paiv.iield site was bought had nothing to do wiih his present attitude, thouch in 18S3 he and Mr. Brooks selected the Lind as bi-ius the most, suitable offeriuK for eeruetery purposes. Since then he had seen no reason (o change his mind. It was not healthy to establish graveyards in centres of population or in districts where the number of residences were rapidly in creasing, .-is was the case in respect to all the alternative sites suggested in the re port. So long a?o as 1S74 the Board of Health recommended the closing of the West- terrace Cemetery. There was no v.-p.ter ax Paraneid nearer than 8 ft. from the surface, and tlie Government could easily make it as cheap to visit that place as it would lie to get to a cemetery four miles from the city by road. Dr.'Whit tcll had reported in favor of movinc the West-terrace Cemetery, and all sanitary authorities were against the burial of the Head in closely inhabited cities. Tlie pro perty-owners near the alternative sites would strongly object to their selection for burial purposes. He supported the amendment. Mr. PllICE disagreed with the report, nnd also with ihe amendment. He wished to vtrikt? out all words after 'that,' wiili a view to insert ''the existing ceme tery at West -terrace should be extended -o as to utilise tlie adjoining land, the pro perty of the Government.' He wanted to take in rhe land nearest the railway. Ff they were to believe everything written ihoiit bacteria and microbes they would all die of fright. The world had gone mad on the subject of perms, and some good ?-coj)le wore afraid e\'en to take the sacra rnvntal wine lest they should catch some disease. At 0.30 p.m. the sitting was suspended for an hour. On resuming. Mr. 3'IIIOE said it was tru? Pome people don't like cemeteries near their houses. Mr. ARCHIBALD— Afraid of ghosts. (Laujriite.-.) Mr. PRICE said people who dreaded death mi^ht dvlike the neighborhood of :emetcriffs -wicked people; but to good peo ple, like hi:nself. death wa.s nothing but a translation to a happier sphere. It was a cruel thing to ;nake poor people pay extra for sending bodies to Paraiield. It was nnly a fad .-ending bodies to Paraiiold, and :hat place mifht be utilised for a destitute isylnm. The dispatch of bodies from the North-terrai-e railway-station to Paraneid in a train was not very compatible with decorum. Jf P.srnfirld was chosen, Sunday trains must be instituted for visitors to graves, and be objected to further Sunday Mr. CATT— They go now to Westter raee by tram. Where is thelJifferenee? Mr. PRICE said since Mr. Owen Smvth had Taken charge of West-terrace Ceme tery it was becoming a place of beauty. He urged that the additional 17 acres of the western park lands, dedicated for cemetery purposes, should be so utilised, and they would last the city for some time to come. That was not roobing the citi zens of their pa^ lands, but restoring them to them. He protested against the loss to be sustained by the State in under taking funerals, and he claimed Mr. Cop ley's vote on this point. Mr. HAGUE said no doubt cremation rrae the most innocuous way of disposing of the dead, but it would be many years before people became reconciled to such a chanpe. West Adelaide did not aiwar to be an unhealthy residence, if Mr. King s*on could be taken as a fair sample of the residents. Mr. JENKINS— Oh, he comes down here and shakes the microbes off. (Laugh ter.) Mr. HAGUE said a new cemetery was required more on the east than the west side of the city. The conveyance of Ixxiies to Parafield would certainly lead to increased expense, and that place might very w'e' he utilised for the Destitute Asy lum. He would support Mr. Price's amend ment. Mr. JENKINS said the private expense in connection witj burials at Paraneid would not be great, for it was. proposed to carry the corpse and 20 mourners free. At first' the expenses might be somewhat greater, but later on the undertakers would lower their charges. All the best authorities acrecd rhat there is danger in the burial of thousands of bodies near a larse city. As soon as it was proposed to have ?. cemetery in the eastern suburbs a prr-at deputation ramp to him to protest against it. and at Woodville. Enfield, Pro I-eet. and other suburbs the feeling was the same. H-? fivored tlie selection of Para field. Tne Committee foand that the state ment that graves woul-i l« flooded there w.u- absolutely without foundation. There was no question in his mind thai it would lie an advantage if 'the Government or the Corporation \vouTd undertake the whole tas'r. of burin!, and would t'uus «ave mon«'y ;o widows and orphans. He was not a State socialist, but it was a sjandalou? hinjr. v.-hica often occurred here and else uWn1. th;it a wid.»tt', left with, perliap*. £50 or £100, spends every penny of it on bury''P her hu^hind. (Hear, hear.) It was in the l-est interests of the communky that the Parafield -Hie should be rho-vn, as it would lead m the lessening of the ex pense '-f fnnerals. Mr. BATCH EI»R— What about the cx pon=c of visitiiie? Mr. .TEX KINS said it would be easier to vi~;t P.ira.fl*-M 3-v train than to po to En ii.'U or Woodville. Mr. DUNCAN— What about tlie expense of births? Mr. JENKINS— We can't help that, nor can we help -i--in;, but we can cut off un n.?ocs*ary expense in respect to huria's He commended his suggestion to the two Socialists in the Ministry, Mr. Poyn ton and -ir. Burfruync. Mr. BUBGOYXK— Your ideas arc good, but rhcy are not jn-actirsJ. Mr. JENKINS— Theu tlie hon. member shouid adopt them, lor he generally took up impractical things. (Lau- ruier.i Tlie K-iilways tYwnmissioucr could easily run trains at Oil. return to Paranoid on visiting days. Major CASTINE— We must run the rail ways on business line?. .Mr. JENKINS said Mr. Castine should have thought ot thai when he voted against :!ie r«t'ni increase of frciplit on Broken Hill ore, aad lost the colony £23,000. (Hear. hoar, and laughter.) He would sup port llr. ?iillK- rt's amendment. ilr. ARCHIBALD *-aid medical experts tiietl to niite themselves info notoriety by their pamphlets on perms, microbes, and bacteria. In 1851, when the outcry was mi^ed, against tlie crowded cemeteries in London, most of the drinkinp-wator was drawn from wells, and it became tainted with diseiwo. The conditions were alto Btiln-r -lifforent now. (Hear, hear.t He would siiptiort 5Ir. I'ricc's amendment, as he was - oiiaiu there would be no danger to health in extending West-terrace Ceme tery towards tlie railway. Why should the -'i«-»vemment trouble about the cemetery. Thai .it Woodville was in the hands of lae l'oix Coi-|ioratioD, au-l the other munici pal corporations cirfild also provide burial |.'.ii-es where they are needed. The dis tance of Paititicld froai Adelaide was asniinst the poor, who would desire to \i-it the graves of their relatives. (Hear, hear.) On the motion of Mr. McDONALD the iiebat-* was adjourned till ne:ct d.iy. SOIT'U-EASTERX DRAINAGE. Mr. PEAKE movedlhe adoption of tha report of the Rova] Commission on the drainage oyche eoutlh-east. He £&id; the motion in favor of tine Commission was pastso.1 on October 27, 1S9S. and it was al-- jxrintod on Norcmber 2J of the suiie year. It sjtokc well for the extent of SoutSi Aut tralii rhat while in the arid north million* oi money h;;-l been spent on water couseiP vjti.ni in liie south-e;ist dhousands 01 pounds had been devoted to the ;a--=k of removinp water. Drainage had been tlie great in»pe or tiie distnet isr many year?, and sw ioug ago a- 1S09 Mr. Kbenezer Ward had wrftien a jn-.ii*liic. interesiins. UTie, and accurate aivount of the ?ourh east and all *he drainage Jurinjr the last 30 yesrs liad 4-een carried out on the lines Mr. Ward then kid down. In 1SC0 a ?Seleot Committee, o: wlik4 Mr. .lojn llid dodi, M.P., was --hairni-ui. reported on south-eastern drainage, nnd there were other documents on -t he ¥Ut»ject in the blue books of 1883. 18G4. 1SC7. ISM, and 1S75, while in 1892 llr. Handyeide was chairman of a Boyal i.'oaomi&non; to enquire into tliie same liratter. Then came the Commission of w'hich the report who*? adoption iie was now moving was the outcome. They had done much travelling, and were pleas ed to tind that the Enjrineer-in-Gliici is now carrying out drainage on a settled plan instead of in a patchwork fashion. Millicent and Tantanoola were monuments of ihe value of drainage. Thirty years apo a few thousand sliced? were depastured over the -worthless swamps, whereas now there were hundreds of thrivinp and contented farmers about those prosperous towns. (Hear, hear.) He referred particularly to the evidence of Messrs. J. A. and G.'Riddoeh, who had lone and lanro experience of draining, from which thev had derived creat beneSt. Pas loralisN, too, found thai fluke and wormf were decreased by drainage, and R- iras the coast disease. ' The evidence taken was all in favor of the broad and shallow drains recently carried out by tlie En Eineer-in-Oiief. The Commission were of opinion that it would not pay to drain I^akes Cadnite, Omerod, and Wanwarrie, while Garey's swamp was a private hotd inp. The Bool Lagoon. Moy Hall Swamp, I^ake Frome, and Dismal Swamp were, however, dcMt with in the report. So far as it applied to district councils the South-Eastern Drainage Act of 1S95 was a complete failure. For instance, when the Government offered to spend £4.000 on Mount Hope on condition that the Beach port district would carry out certain drains at the back, the local body conld not take advantage of the offer, 'because the work would only benefit a few of their ratepayers. In respect to the tenth para graph, of the report, it was foun- that the south-east was capable of jrreat improvement by means of the drains enumerated. This had a near rela tion to closer settlement, for owinj; to its swampy nature and its liability to Hood Iirpe areas of the land had to be let by the board in big areas. If the drains re- commended were carried out a man who now had thousands of acres of land in one holding could settle his sons on it instead of sending them out of the colony. (Hear, hear.) The evidence of Mr. T. McCourt, Mr. J. J. Osman, and Mr. J. Williams, of Lochaber, proved this. In August, 1898, the Government carried a motion by a ma- jority of one vote in favor of drains at Butcher's Gap, near Kingston, at Mount Burr, but it was seen that these would be the last works proceeded with under the Act of 1895. A list of drains which were urgent in the interest of private land- holders, was attached to recommendation 10\. The Commission recommended that Bool Lagoon and Moy Hall Swamp, in the hundred of Robertson, should be reclaimed as suggested by the Engineer-in-Chief. In 1879 Mr. Playford sought permission for a company to drain these swamps, which contain 8,800 acres, but this was objected to by the residents, as they thought the Government ought to do the work. Messrs. J. McBain and J. Williams were certain that the land could be let at good rentals, and they have had long experience of drained areas. At present the swamps are held by two or three persons on mis- cellaneous leases. Besides the Govern- ment land 57,000 acres of private land would be benefited by the drain- ing of the Bool Lagoon and Moy Hall Swamp, which would cost £10,000. The Lake Frome drainage scheme would re- claim some 4,000 acres of land. It was sug- gested by the Commission that for the first three years the interest charged to landholders should be suspended, so that time might be given for some return be- fore claiming any interest. The Commis- sion recommended that the Drainage Board should consist of the Engineer-in-Chief, the Deputy Surveyor-General, and the chair- man of the South-Eastern Land Board. No slight was intended to the Surveyor- General, but it was felt that he is al- ready overburdened. He claimed that the report and recommendations reflect the evidence with absolute fairness. On be- half of the Histriet he would say riwy Here very grateful to tJie late Government for appointing the Commission, and tiicv would be grateful i« ii,-- present Govern ment jf ft could undertake -B-ha.1 was in tended by the late Government, viz., to move an amendment to the motion by addinp '.ind ihit the works of drainage at Bool Lnpoon, MoV Hall Swamn. ami I-«ke Fromp Ibe authorised by this House.' He hoped hon. members would help to carry the report. On the motion of Mr. LIVINGSTON, the debate was adjourned till Wednesday week. CODLIN MOTH COMMITTEE. Mr. DARLING obtained a delay of a fortnight in which to bring up the report of the Committee. ADJOURNMENT. The House at 9.54 p.m. adjourned till next day at 2 p.m. 