SOME GHOSTLY LEGENDS. HAUNTIED PLACES. The remarkable story of the'apparitIon at Berry Pomeroy Castle, near Totnes, appears to be authentic, and is well known in the West of Englaind. The I legend runs that in the latter part of the last century Dr Walter Farquhar, who was then at Torquay, was called to the I Castle to attend the steward's wife. On I his arrival he was shown into, a room I on the ground floor and asked to wait a I moment. After some minutes had I elapsed he grew impatient, and arose to I question a female'who had opened a side door and was walking across the room. 7 His surprise, however, was great when he noticed her manner and garb. She 'was dressed in rich attire, but in an ab solutely out-of-date costume, and wrung her hands in a pitiful manner-her face evincing signs of great distress. She walked to the flight of oak stairs and, I quickening her pace. disappeared. At that moment the steward entered the room, and announced that his wife was ready to see him. Dr Farquhar found his patient dang erously ill. and he was so much engross ed with'the case that he forgot, ere.he left the building, to question the stew ard as to the young lady in the curious dress he had seen. On the?foll owini day, he found his patient much improved, and remembered to ask the steward about-the mysterious young lady. As the doctor recounted his experience the poor fbClow--shbwed unim istakable signs of fear and trembling, and told the Doc tor that now he was sure his wife would soon die. 'as the spectre was the spirit of tlie daughter of an early owner of the Castle who had murdered her chil. and had since apifehred as an omen foretell ing the death of an inmate. :Dr Farqu liar quickly g???te the steward every as surance of his wife's turn for the better, and that he thought shie would continue to improve.but the credulous old steward would not hear of it. The next day the Doctor called at the Castle, ahd-was as tounded to find that his patient, had died soon after he left the place the pre ceding day. The most strhrige part of the story is to come. After an interval of several years. Dr Farquhar :was well known in London as'Sir Walter Farquhar. (1796), and could count among' his clients and friends certain members of nobility and Royalty. One day a hidy came to him in great distress, s:aying her sister was ill, and aippeared to be wasting away, and that on being questioned, she was most emphatic in saying she saw a ghost when visiting in Devonshire some weeks before, which had left such an impression upon 'hr, that do what she would she could not shake it off. 'The lady further said 'tlint the spectre ap peared at- Berry Pohlieroy Castle. at which Sir Walter started, told his ex periences, and requested to see the young lady immediately, whom he found suffering as described. .:The poor girl appeared greatly relieved -to be spe'aking to some one who shared her uncomfort able -experience, and, it may be added, soon regained her usual health. Sykes LLumb Farm; near.. Blackbur?. Lancashire. has a well known reputa tion for being haunted. . The~house it self is a;very primitive dwelling, built of large, roughly hewn blocks of coarse limestonie, having a lonely.situation in. a. secluded dell by the ]banks of the Mlel lqr Brdok. Several parties have assert ed that they have seen an old wrinkled Woman pass along the road which led :to the Lumb. but were so afraid that they never dared to question her. It came to pass that a young farmer occu pied the premises, and on seeing the "'ghost" one night beneath an old apple tree in the orchard lie accosted .her. when she pointed to the ground. The young man dug and soon came upon a ntimber of earthenware jars containing ancient gold and silver coins of pounds value. After this night it is said the 'old dame has not troubled the country folk so much. Heath Old Hall, near Wakefield, York shire, also has its ghost. This mansion is a splendid pile of the Elizabethan pe riod. and the windows were formerly emblazoned .with the arms of some -of the chief-of England's nobility. In 1593 TWilliam VWitham, who was in possesion. was suddenly taken ill arid died. A later owner of the Hall was a sister- of With am's-Lady Mary Blolles-a strong minded woman, who swas locally known as "Old -Mother Hubbard." and who, it is recorded, died in 1662 at the age-- of eighty-three. Tradition says tlilsjlady?s spirit still haunts the place. Her:favor ite spot seems to be the old bahquetting. hall, where she has been seen: to glide along in a most mysterious fashion.;-lhis ghost is also reported to have walked in Heath Grove; but was afterwards' con jured down into a hole of the river, which is even to this day known as "Bolles' Pit." There is a strange story of the super natural in contiectidnri -with Hackwood House, an old mansion near Basing stoke, in the shape of the ghost of a young lady, said tohave been murdered there. She was seen soon after the house was purchased by Lord Bolton. by Lord Dolton himself and two of his friends. The ghost of Barbara Villiers, Duchess of Cleveland. is said to haunt Walpole House, Chiswick -tall. and her spirit ap pears at short interval's at a bedroom window in the upper part of the house, wringing its hands and beseeching some unkno"hii huerson to "Give her back her lost beauty."--"Royal Magazine." 