CURRENT TOPICS, Great Lone Land.--In to-day's issue will appear the first of the Borchgre- vink-Newnes Antarctic articles, the copyright of which has been secured for Northern Tasmania by this jour nal. The preliminary article deals chiefly with the voyage of the Southern Cross to Cape Adair, and a vivid de- scription is given of a terrible blizzard encountered there. It also relates that indications of gold have been dis- covered in the vicinity of the cape, and tells of an accident to Mr. Ber- nacchi, a gentleman who was for years a resident of Tasmania. The rest of the series of articles will be forwarded as Mr. Borchgrevink is afforded an op- portunity of despatching his matter. "Examiner": Prize Tales. —All inte- rested reminded that Wednesday next the 20th inst., will be the last date for the reception of stories for the "Examiner" prize tale competition of 1899. A number of manuscripts have already been received, and those who have tales in hand are asked to forward without delay. Those chosen will appear in the "Examiner" Christ- mas annual, a work which will eclipse anything of a similar description yet attempted in Tasmania. '"Examiner" Special Articles. -- The attention of farmers and horseowners generally is directed to the fact that the publication of the special copy- right articles on "Horse breeding" will be commenced in the "Examiner" of Saturday next. Horse breeding is one of the most interesting, and should also be one of the most profitable, props of farming, but of late years it has to a great extent been neglected in Tasmania. The author of the "Ex aminer" special articles, Mr. Frederick Adye, has made horses a life study. and the present series will be found eminently, practical and suggestive. Every farmer and every landowner will profit by reading them, and consider- able space as also been devoted to the various classes of horses used in town. Concert. — To-morrow evening a con- cert in aid of the building fund will be given in the Wesleyan school-room, Patterson-street. Commissioner of Police. —Mr. G. Richardson (Commissioner of Police) arrived from Hobart by the express train yesterday. After transacting some business at the local police station, Mr. Richardson proceeded to Scottsdale by the 4.30 p.m. train. Personal. — Sir Thomas Fitzgerald, who arrived from Melbourne by the steamer Pateena on Saturday and jour- neyed to the capital to perform an im- portant operation, returned yesterday. The eminent surgeon left for the main land by the same vessel during the afternoon. Fishing With "Dead" Lines. —At the Police Court yesterday Thomas Barrrett was charged with having fished with a "dead" line in the North Esk River with intent to catch trout, under the Fisheries Act all "fixed engines," such as dead lines, etc., being illegal. The defendant pleaded guilty, and was fined 10s and costs. Bank of Australasia. — It is announced that a half-yearly dividend of £1 8s. per share, being at the rate of 7 per cent. per annum, will be payable on October 8 to shareholders of the Bank of Australasia. The colonial share register will be closed from 22nd inst. to October 6 next for the purpose of this dividend. English Mails. — The English mails, which left Tasmania on August 8 for transhipment to London per R.M.S. Austral, arrived at their destination on Monday. They were 34 days in trans- mission. Owing to the R.M.S. Orizaba being two days' late in her arrival at Adelaide from London, the Tasmanian portion of the English mails will not arrive here until Saturday morning. Police Court. — At this court yes- terday morning, before the Police Magistrate, a man for indecent behaviour in the City Park was sent to gaol for three months. A charge against a defendant for hav- ing failed to obey a magisterial order setting forth that he should pay 5s per week for the support of his illegiti- mate child was withdrawn, the amount in arrear having been paid. Trout Fishing in the South. - Sport appears to be in full swing now in is the Derwent in the vicinity of Bridge- water. We learn of two rods in one evening taking nine fish, weighing 45½lb., and an angler in the same lo- cality has killed 22 fish in ten days, averaging 3¾lb. per fish, the largest weighing 7lb. Sport also seems good on the North-West Coast, two anglers in the Levon taking 24 nice fish in a day's outing. Rockwell Relief Fund. — A friend called at Mr. Hesp's house and left 2s. 6d. last night for this fund, which is hereby acknowledged with thanks. Mr. Hesp informs us that he hopes to be able to issue a balance-sheet (which will be duly audited) in the course of a day or two, as soon as the returns arrive from Penguin and Devonport, and he anticipates being able to hand over something like £ 100. All moneys received so far are deposited in the Union Bank. Military. — The quarterly inspection of the headquarters companies of the Second Battalion of the Tasmanian Infantry Regiment took place at the military barracks last evening by the Commandant (Colonel Legge). There was a very large muster of men and a full attendance of officers. The troops were put through various movements and extended order drill, which were well performed. At the conclusion of the inspection the Commandant com- plimented the corps on the smartness shown, and stated that he was thoroughly satisfied. Devonport Sanitation. — According to the sanitary inspector to the Devonport Board of Health, the chief town of the North-West Coast is in a deplorably insanitary condition. At Monday's meeting of the board the inspector in his report stated that "no language could be too strongly condemnatory of the present system, or want of system, in sanitary matters. There were pre- mises, vacant allotments, etc., reeking with filth, where nightsoil had been buried in confined areas. On many premises the outbuildings were posi- tively indecent." A Trip to Star-land. — To-night at the Mechanics' the Mayor will preside at an entertainment given by Mr. A. Gye in aid of the Homeopathic' Hospital, when it is hoped to see a bumper house. The subject is instructive as well as amusing, and of an educational character to both young and old, while the taking way in which it will be pre- sented will remove any tendency to dryness and render it intelligible and fascinating to all. The limelight pictures are of an exceptionally beauti- ful character, and will be very brilli- antly illuminated. Miss J. Wilkinson and. Mr. G. E. Thorley (a new tenor) will give songs, and altogether the fare presented will be of a most entertain- ing nature. Benevolent Society. — At the weekly meeting of the executive committee of the Benevolent Society yesterday , afternoon the secretary reported that he had temporarily relieved during the week four men, two women, and three children. Of the men, one was assisted for two days, one for three days, and two were attending the hos- pital. On the permanent roll there were 32 men, 97 women, and 123 chil- dren, total 252. One case was struck off, the recipient having died. One new case was put on the permanent roll, two rations per week being granted. A donation of money from the estate of the late Michael Gannon was ac- knowledged. The chairman reported "all well" in connection with the asy- lum.' Compulsory Sheep Dipping. — In an- other column, the agents for Fison's Sheep Dips, Messrs. W. T. Bell and Co., Limited, and Ronald Gunn and Co., draw attention to an excellent testi- monial received from Mr. M'Callum, and also to the fact that they have reduced the price to 65s per case.* Unclaimed Telegram. — A message ad- dressed "R. G. Rogers" awaits a claimant at the local Telegraph Office. Slang when absorbed by the dictionary becomes orthodox language. The French for "up-to-date" is "tsu-tsu," a modern word, coined to express the sound emitted by the Parisian motor car. Those who desire to be "up-to-date" purchase their footgear at Petterd and Co.'s Boot Palace.* Windsor Magazine. — From Messrs. Bir- chall and Sons we have received this al- ways welcome magazine for August. As usual, its contents are varied and interest- ing, including a continuation of "Joan of the Sword," No. 3 of "A Scots Grammar School," decorated bicycles. Germaine and the Ghost, an unexpected visitor, the mak- ing, of an armour-plate, the police of the coast, etc. The illustrations are new and beautiful. 