THE ANGLICAN SYNOD. THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The second session of the ninth Synod of tho Diocese of Grafton and Armidale met yesterday afternoon at the Oddfellows' Hall, Tamworth. There waa a largo attendance of the general public Tho Bishop gave an inaugural address as follows : MY BUETUREN op TitE Cuacar: ASD or TUE LAITY-. It is nine years finco » Session of Synod met in Tamworth. Meanwhile, the town has not only grown materially, but hos become' the centre of an Arch- deaconry, and tic focus ot an active and progressive Church life. In a Diocese such as ours, which-contain* no ono placo supremely prodominant as to population, it is'well that, from time to time, Sessions of Synod should be held elsewhere than In tho Cathedral cities 1 trust that your attendance here may bo agreeable to yourselves, and not without benoflt to the town which Is so hospitably receiving ns, . ' * ' CANON EWING. Wo welcome' to-day tho first Lay Representatives returned by the new Parochial Districts of Collaren dabrl and Drake, Ono familiar and venerable form we miss, that of tho lato Canon Ewing, of Lismore. In a good old age. having sorved his generation, ho has been gathered to his fathors. HU strong personality and uncompromising assertion of everything which h o conccirod to bo matter of principle, couplod with exceptional natural abilities, made him a striking figure in our community. Personally, I shall much miss him from my Bide I cannot forget how loyally he aoceptod tho now regime in tho Dlooeso, and how his whole weight, ns Vicar and Rural Dean, was thrown Into thc scale of obediont fidelity. God's peace be with him. ST. JOHN'S COLLEGE. During tho year whioh has passed slnoe we met lu Armidale wo linvo accomplished tho building of St John's Theological College, and now stand in this satisfactory position, that we can train some so ven mon within our own walls, at a cost por man of 12s 6d per week. Tho building itself ls- maintained by tho interest on a capitalised endowment fund of £850., Tho Instruction is, for tho prosont, my own spoolal contribution ; and, whllo lt ls a hoavy addition to any Bishop's work, it is, at all ovouts, a labour of lovo. As tho Cathedral systom dovelops, no doubt wo shall be ablo to mako other and botter arrangements, Our prosont most pressing need ts scholarships. Even at St. John's Uollogo a man cannot live for nothing, I appeal to-day to our local laity for nid in this dlrcotlon. Each scholarship of £25 a year, tonablo for 2 years, would put ono studont into tho College. Fifty pounds could scarcely bo better spent Wo have four or five good, and promising mon, who would gladly come to us, but who cannot for want of moans. I do not think it is necessary that scholarships Should always bo secured . by endowment. Two scholarships havo bcon Rlvon to us by tho gonorous S.P.C.K. Will not local liboraUty, and local foresight, add to this good beginning7 THEOLOGICAL EXAMINATIONS. ? III another dlrcotlon also wo havo dono, educationally woll. At tho first oxamtnntion hold (throughout Aus tralla) In 1893 by the Australian Collcgo ot Theology established by Determination of the General Synod ?two candidatos from this Dloceso wero successful, ono (an Armidale lady) scouring tho only place awarded In-First-class Honours for Th.A. ; tho other (tho Hov. Francis Morrlsh, now Vicar of Walcha) obtaining tho dogrco of Th. -L., with honours. May I hopo that many others will follow tho good example thus sot?. Our Sunday School teachers, aftor passing through our own Association's oxcollont course of examinations, might oiler themselves for Th. A* (whioh ia open to laity, mon or womon) ; and it would indeed rojofoo my heart If many othor clergy from tho Dloceso bo found so studiously methodical, and so well Instructed, ns to avail thomsolvoB of tho adnilrablo opportunities! ot systematic reading afforded by tho courso which I have mciitloqod. Thero never was mi ago when it was moro Important that those who instruot others in holy things should bo possossed of wide, solid, and accurate knowledge MORAL BLOTS. And yet, rojolco as we shall all So over thoso and many other tokens of progress, ovor now churchos oreeted (thero aro now woll ovor a hundred In tho Diocese), and over tho successful Work going on in many of our parishes, thero is much as yot to causo anxiety to thoso of us (and thoy aro many) who regard tho Church ns a moral witness aiid a moral tcaohor,' Wo do sadly need a higher lovel all round. Could you know tho inner diocesan history of tho past twelve months, you would know with what ample reason I say that wo, who aro callod upon to hold any oflloo in tho Churoh of God, cannot guard our own lives too carefully.: May I say -to my brethren' of tho clorgy that they can scarcely bo too cautious how they Blgn' Letters Testimonial In oases whoro lt ls thoroughly well understood that thero has boen moral delinquency ! Howovor painful demur moy bo, »nd howovor wo may expose oursolvos to accusations of hardness and narrow- ness, wo have,Iconoolve,no right to certify to thc Church that all is well when we know; only too suroly, thatall ls not well. Behove me, tho responsibility ls very groat. The timo ls coming, K it has not already como, when tho Church will bo judged In men's oyos by her fldollty or otherwise to tho moral law. Similarly with regard to tho moans by which tho Churoh obtains her rovonucs. After fire years of diocesan work together, you of tho Synod know perfectly wolf my own vlows in this matter, and jlf Resolutions go for anything) I know yours. And yot there ls a steadily porslstont tendency on the part of too many of our pooplo to wink at any means which promisos gain, howovor dubious tho moral Influence ot suoh means upon tho community. This, of course, ls aggravated by tho olllolous sympa thy oagorly proffered by thoso multitudes who aro only too glad to find thc Churoh yloldtng an Inch whoro thoy menntotako an oil: ' . "Ttmco Dañaos et dona /crentes." Well, wo havo protested onco (and that unanimously) against Raffling, Wo hayo gono furthor, and havo urgod' tho superior dignity of dlroat giving as con- trasted with any- form ot. indirect contribution. Nobody -wants to bo unreasonable in these matters ; but really wo ought to havo tho courage of what wo havo ourselves, officially and jointly, said as a Dlocose. Where questions of right and wrong are concerned, wo cannot ba too careful to rcmombcr thnt nowBpnpers are not our masters. And it will bo an ovil day for us when wo go to them for our morality Instead of to tho Law of God. Lot rae assure you . that wo havo our báttlo yet to fight It ls but a tow months since an important Parish In this Diocese proposed to pay off its Vlcarogo debt by a big Intercolonial art union, and was only hindered' from doing so by the foot that tho State declined to sanction tho sohomo as bona fide- But what aro wo to say when tho morals ot tho Slate aro brought to bear, for correction or repression, upon tho financial enterprises ot tho Church! It is, again, but a few woeks stneo lt became my duty, as President ot tho Synod, to protest tn your nama against thoiiitro ductlon ot similar cylis luto ono of our Cathedra] j parishes. Another, and equally painful experience, has como to us through our Sunday Sohools. Wc have learned that lt must not- bo taken for granted that eron our own Sunday School teachers aro an/ait with tho ethics of examinations. Now, why do I quoto these repulsivo instances? Because I want this Synod to see, with mc that wo must at any cost (howovor poor mid Imperfect wo may fool our own influence, and standard, and opportunities tobo), do our host to.make men rospcot tho Church of God. Wo want to bring tho community to a moral sonsltlvenss which would render impos- sible tho unhappy candour of ono of our N.S.W. legislators, "If tho Ton Commandments did not suit tho times I would throw thom overboard." You ask how aro wo to do this I I reply, partly through our own patient Individual example : partly through our corporate action: partly (might lt not woll bo!) by endeavouring to arouse dormant consolonoos through suoh Bpoclal work as that of tho Paroohlal Mission. It is a griot to me t hat through this Diocese thero has not been ono Parochial Mission hold during tho flvo years bf my episcopate. I presumo tho most conservativo of Churchmen would grant that wo somotimos need spoolnl means to compass special ends. Surely If parochial missions havo boen found eminently helpful ovary whore for the reclamation of tho wandering : for tho awakening of tho enroloss: for tho instruction of thoso who aro lil taught tn tho truth of tho Gospel : wo cannot supposo thoy will bo nltogother fruitless .in north-eastern Now Soath Wales. OHR BURIAL GROUNDS. Wo havo boon speaking of tho Church's honour. May I add a word, whioh seems properly to come In hore, upon a matter whare sho needs to take tho'path of honournblo . duty., I refer to "God's aero" -our cemeteries. Tho rovorent caro ot the Christian doad omi novar bo a mattor of Indiflbrcncc to truly Christian people III kept or neglected cometerlos aro, but too often, tho indications of(a soml-matoriallstio disbelief .In tho sncrcdncRH of that body willoh, mortal ns lt ta- lina nevertheless boon tho " temple of tho Holy Ghost.'' In many places tho difficulty seems to bo to arrango for a enmpotont trust willoh shnll properly discharge tho duties of comotory oversight- But I would point out thot tho Churoh of Knglnnd tn this Diocese lins pro- vided, by hor Synodlcal Ordinnnco of 1B96, o very f aeillty in this dirootlon. Tho Government has never refused to appoint, on my nomination, tho Corporate Trustees ot tlio Diocese as trustees ot atv of our cemeteries. Where this is done, those Trustees .notify tho local churchpooplo that they hold tho cemetery nnfler the provisions of tho Synod's Ordinance ; and this places tho solo administration in tho hands of tho local clergy man and his Churchwardens, with a code of rules and I regulations ready to hand. On one point I wish to speak explicitly. It is contrary to all propriety (per haps a stronger expression might justiflablyrbe used) that monoys paid in purchase ofland for burial purposes should ba treated as thc property of the general revenue of a parish, and utilised for general objects. Such appropriation is at variance, not only with the implied trust undor which the State has conferred upon us local control of our cemeteries, but also with the express directions of Synod, which provide that such-payments are to bo expended upon koeping the burial ground in good order. It has more than once daring the past year been my duty to request observance ot what should surely boa practico suggested by every considér- ation of rectitude and propriety. And I bog that all ofneo-bcarers in tho Diocese will aid mo in guarding against such irregularities as I havo described. Well, ofter all, thoso aro smallor points of detail:' But thoy are not without Impórtanos, for, after nil, it is this detail and that which, ia tho sum of things, make up character. Yet, before wo puss.in review tho loading measures submitted to our House this session, let us glanco for a moment at tho widor world around us, AUSTRALIAN FEDERATION. Horo In tho mothcr'colouy of tho noblo Australian group; and thoreforo undor a special sonso of tho responsibility of our decision, wo aro confronted by the supremo question of Federation. It would bo an Imper- tinence on my part to offor to this Synod, containing so'many men bottor versed than myself in historical, constitutional and oconomio knowledge, any consider- ations similar to thoso which are commonly adduced at public meetings. But I do wish to submit, with all respectful dlfadonoo, a point which ought not to bo "nothing worth" with Churchmon. I have thought from tho outset, and I think still, that on such a ques- tion tho Church has evory right to indicate In what direction .her own principles must lead, It ls truo that tn clcotlng this candidato or that to political, omeo, truo that, -when wo are dealing with moro partisan questions, or thoso purely material issues which do not impinge upon tho realm of morals, tho Church does Ul to Interfere. A olorgyman ls, I think, an unwise mau (to say the least ot it), and oortalnly ho acts In direct conflict with my own instructions, if ho "barracks" in favour of one candidato tor .Parliament as against another, or if ho makes a Churoh question out ot a rail- way route or a commercial tariff. But when wo come to Federation wo aro dooling with a vital issno of national lifo, and national lifo ls Inconceivable apart from thosb samo groat prluolplos which aro supremely dear to tho Church horsolf. Surely,' then, wo havo every right to protest against such persuasion as would ask men to determino this issuo on grounds of tho most abject selfishness, naked and not ashamed, and to beg thom to assign duo wolght to other considerations than thoso of a meroly commercial charaotor. For instance, lt cannot bo a matter of indifference to UB, as mon who would maka, so far ns In us Hos, for poaco, that Influences should bent work whlah, insensibly, but nono tho less suroly, build up barriers botwoon us and our kith and kin in other Australian States, Mou tell us that wo aro already "sentimentally federated." My own exporlonco would bo that tho converso is muoh nearer the truth, and that wa oro rapidly bocomtng, in our present state of prorlnolnl isolation, sentimentally .dlvidod, and that by artificial barriers. Did nobody in this Diocese over" hoar ot Now South Welshmon con" sumed with a bitter jealousy of Victorians, or Quoens landers of Now South Wolshment Now, I say that tho Church's object ought always to be,' soolally; ecclesiastically, and politically, to throw down tho " middlo wall of partition,". She ls built upon brother- hood. Let men arguo os thoy may, nothing oan gob away from tho fact that Australian Federation docs maka for brotherhood. And wo cannot go on for over approrlng tho principio of a Federal Australia In tho abstraot, and rejocttng ovary Federal schomo In tho conoreto. And, therefore, whtlo wo havo no right to Imputo unworthy motivos to thoso who cannot bring thomsolvos to soo just as wo ourselves may seo, and while we ought to bo particularly caroful that, in tho Houso of God, nothing bo said or done which may savour of impropor use of tho clergyman's unique opportunities, yet it cannot bo wrong that wo should, ono and all, clergy and laity, endeavour to seeuro ono groat end. Our peoplo ought to bo taught how impos- sible lt is for thom, In dealing with thoso supremo national proposals whioh from ago to ago will call for their decision, to dcoldo justly, rightly, intelligently, unless they apply a bottor and broador standard than that of pounds, shillings and ponce. Every true patriotdosirostosoohlscountryprosporous. Personally, I bollcvo that a united Australia means a fuller and surer material prosperity for all hor^Itizons, But avon if it meant a temporary sacrifico for ns, would ?not that sacrifico bo worth whtlo t Every trjio patriot, lt ho bo possessed ot powers of observation and reflection, knows that riches alono noyer - modo a- nation ' permanent, great," or froo. Carthago was rich, and Romo was poor :. Persia was rlob, and Grcoco was poor : how aro wo to believe that tho principios whioh made, or marred, public lifo then havo ceased to operate tn N.S.W. to-day J THE ENGLISH TROUBLES. Tho widor world, wo Bald. And our thought*! turn naturally to the old Motherland and to tho trying expérience through which tho English Churoh ls passing there; Crises ooma : and crises go : tho Churoh has scon a good many orlsos : and still she lives.. Truo, lt ls, that hero, whoro our work diffors so markedly from that in tho older homo of Anglicanism, the din of tho conflict rings bul as a confused coho tn our oars. Wo recognise that, so far as ritual ls concorned, ritual there must bo, whorovor wo havo human worship, Tho Presbyterian, tho Baptist, tho Salvationist, aro no more dissociated from ritual than wo ourselves. If my pooplo.wlll but romcmbor that in cases of doubt or difficulty as to ritual tho right person to whom repre- sentations should bo rondo ls, In accorilanco with Prayer Book Instruction, tho Bishop of tho Diocese, who will novor, wilfully and knowingly, falter In doing justice: If my clorgy will bo mindful that they must not alter tho sorvlcoB lu tho Prayer Book, nor omit, nor interpolate, nor uso additional or special services without tho sanction of the Bishop (who ls himself, I quito admit, answerable in turn to tho general wisdom and judgment ot tho whole Churoh). thon wo shall novor have embittering disputes, on Bcrvtco or ceremonial hore. I am woll aware, of course, that tho present trouble is not connected sololy .with ceremonial. Thore is, BO far as I know, no such party among ourselves as that whioh has caused tho unrest In England. Thora, beyond quostton, wo havo a littlo knot of mon who And an unaccountable dollght in inculcating everything, doctrino included, which is Roman. Thoro, too often, tho Holy Communion has become " tho Mass " : manuals of devotion nra placed In tho hands of confirmees framod upon Roman models, and suggesting, or oponly directing, distinctly Roman practices: private confession is no longer (what, tho Prayer Book intended it- to bo) tho excep- tional remedy, but ls taught as of obligation upon tho Christian nian, or woman : doctrines distinctly Roman are taught in Anglican pulpits..; Well, a man has a perfect right to bo a Roman Catholic If hts reading of history suffer him so to be. But ho has no right what- ever to .tnoiilcato tho tonots ot Roman ' Catholicism, and yot oat tho broad of tho Church of England: just as ho has no right whatever to teach tho doctrinos of dissont, and (by omission or commission) sanction or recommend tho prácticos of dissent, and yot hold outee in Mia Church of England.1 Our Anglican way, way of compromiso as lt ls, ampio way as it ls, has yot Its definite bordors. Wo lu this Dlocaso have long proudly ohorlshod a tradition of peaco and goodwill among our ranks. "High and low, rich and poor, ono with anothor",' wo havo known no sootional jealousies or faotlon feuds. Long may that spirit continue. Rest assured, brethren all, that tho Bishops aro anxiously endeavouring to do their duty as watchmen for tho Lord and guardians of tho old faith whioh has coma down to us. If tho call to sot tho fuco "against false doctrino. Uko nrock,"nhould over como to tho Bishop of this Dloooso (which God forbid!) you will do him, I trust, tho j us tico to bollovo that ho will fulfil his duty. PROPOSED LEGISLATION. I pass next to tho practical business submitted to you this Session, venturing to offor soma explanatory words which havo, I am told, boon found usoful on provtous occasions. Tho Council's Bill to amend tho Clorgy Provident Fund Ordinance Introduces no now prluolplo. It ls rather an attempt to perfoot tho Fund's maohlnory, and to render less ambiguous certain provisions in tho principal Ordinance When wo aro dealing with that Bill, the qucstlou will, 1 understand, be raised as to Synod's power to require tho making of a spcolal collection annually for thc Fund. I do not wiall In any wny to prcjudlco tho discussion upon this Interesting point, whioh goes, of courso, to tho root of tho legality of ovory special collection roqnlrod for any purposo by Ordlnanoc ol Synod. I will morely say that I havo taken thc precaution to procuro a legal opinion from tho Chnn. collor of tho Dloooso (tho Master in Equity), and when tho proper limo comos I shall bo glad, with tho permis- sion of tho Houso, to rend to thom the caso submitted, and tho conclusion arrived nt by our chlof legal advisor. Tho mont Important measure ot tho Session, howovor, ls the Church Extension Fund Bill. It may bo within tho memory of soma of our Bonlor Synods -men that in my Presidential Address of 1BS61 roferred to a threefold task which it appeared to mowo wcro called upon to taco : a schemo for clergy training : some provision for clerical superannuation : and a Fund to help on new pioneering work in the Diocese. The first and second of these we have, so far os wo can, accom- plished. Bat the third" is a vital necessity; and it remains for this session-tho last, in all human likeli- hood, which, will meet during tho "eighteen hun- dreds"-to undertake and, I trust, accomplish tho remaining task. Grafton and Armidale if.I am correctly informed, stands Alono among tho Dioceses, of Australia in possessing no such Fund for extension purposes. And I venture to say it is because we have, no such Fund, became there Is so infrequent a call for devotion to the common good, that wo bavo become so steeped tn parochialism.' Wo want something In onr Churoh Ufo to teach us unselushness.and consideration for others. Will tho day over como when clergy and laity awake all round to discover that tho surest moans to unlock men's generosity, for every purpose. Is to Interest them, to broadon their sympathies, to toaoh them that the Churoh does really endeavour. In somo practical way, to rocognise her oneness and her belief in her Master's sublimo principle. " It is moro blessed to give than to receive." Tho text of tho BUl before Synod wUl show you in how nany dlrootlons it is proposed to make such a Fund UEOIUI. For aug- menting tho (aU too numerous) starvation stipends of our isolated clorgy ; for aiding the erection ot new buildings : for assisting towards tho training of such candidates for Holy Orders as aro unprovided with scholarships; lu a score ot ways, wherever tho helping hand is needed In tho general work of tho Diocese, to stretch out that hand ; for such purposes wo purpose to use our now Fund. Tho wonder ls that tho .Diocese has got on so long without it. The day wiU como, if wo aro sound at heart, when the biggest offertory in tho year will bo that for the Church Extension Fund ; when parish will rival parish in its desiro to head tho year's record of aid afforded to tho Fund. I say to-day, as I have said again and again, that tho performance of such broad and generous work is essential to tho . Church's welfare. It ls articulim stantis vcl cadentls ccclcsiac. ' BASIS OF SYNOD'S AT/THORITT. And before wo begin our deliberativo labours, tho oldost and wisest of you will know bow woll it ls that I should ask:Do wo all of us roallBe what tho truo importance and solemnity ot our work as Synodsmcn isl I hopo I may roach a widor audience than that gathorod In this Hall « hon I say that Synod's position ls much underrated, and that its powers, functions and opportunities aro larger than some, possibly even of our own number, appear to supposo. Tho Synod has a double omeo. It Is primarily tho authorised legisla- tive organ for tho Diocese. Our legislation ls not child's play. It ls binding upon tho membors of our Church in vlrtuo of parliamentary enactments. " All Ordinances of tho Synod" (BO runs tho 3rd Constitution of tho Churoh in N.3.W.), "shall bo binding upon tho Bishop and all other mombors of tho Church within tho Dlocoso." Now, thoso Constitutions aro ratified by an Act of Parliament of 1366, which makes thom obligatory, for all temporal purposes, upon tho mom- bors of tho Church of England. Similarly,1ho Act of Parliament which recently repealed tho old Church Act oxprossly deputes to Synod tho control of all lands, and buildings, tho property of tho Church, within tho Dlocoso. Our Ordinances, therefore, In all matters connected with "tho ardor and good govornmont ot tho Churoh, and tho regulation of its affairs within tho Diocese," aro not morely counBels of pcrfootlon," or proforma recommendations to our people : thoy aro* for.us, legally binding. That ls why wo cannot bo too. careful, in our law-making, thoroughly to approhond our principios, and, having apprehended thom, thcu to express our monning with lucidity and definiteness. Wo aro framing Churoh laws which, until they aro ropealad, aro to bo oboyed. . : But Synod has another function. It is also, so far at least as our own Diocese 1B concerned, tho mouthpiece of tho Church's opinion ; not of moroly olerlcal opinion (for tho laity In Synod outnumber tho clorgy by two to ono), but of the Church's opinion. Our Resolutions, therefore, whllo standing upon a' different legal basis ' from . our Ordinances, carry novortheloss woighty moral authority. And thoy ought to bo takon sort..' ously, first of all by ourselves, and then by others of our communion. Whatever wo do, lot us not fall into tho worst of errors which can bosot a representativo deliberativo body, and ylold to tho temptation to attltudlnlso before tho public-so long as wo are within tho Synod walls, i Let us, in whatever Rosnlu'. Hons wo may pass, givo ¡oxproBsion, not to what wo fanoywo aro oxpootad to say, but to what wo really do moan and desiro to say. And then, having acted honestly, lot us havo tho courago of our convictions. Wo must not say one thing in Synod, and whisper another outside Synod ; nor bo bravo only whoa wo. havo tho inspiration and sympathy of numbers on Our side. Your President has repeatedly assorted (no credit to him, for it is his boundon duty to do BO) tho importance and respect duo to your utterances; and has encountered plouttf ul'abüso for so doing. But tho duty Hes upon cvory mombor. In his own sphere, equally ? with tho President, ? to treat tho Synod's expressed mind (unless lt bo on somo point whore ho has mado opon dissent) as a position for whioh ho too. ls called upon to do bravo battle.. If we oursolvcs. respect our own dotermlnatlonar it will not bo long botoro othors will respoct thom also. I ask for caution, courage, and consistency, as our triplo watchword when wo como to play our. appointed part in connec- tion with tho Church's orgau of legislation and of opinion within this Diocese.. . . . ' ACKNOWLEDGMENTS. Let mo, In conclusion, express my hoartfolt gratitude to thoso loyal officebearers without whoso gallant corporation tho ' work ot tho Dlocoso could not bo carried on. Archdeacons, Examining Chaplains, and Rural Deans, Cathedral Chapter and Diocesan Council, Chancellor and Sollottor to tho Dlocoso, mombors of all our Boards and Committees, how all too infrequently and Inadequately ls your faithful work acknowledged 1. Let mo maka acknowledgment to-day. Your burdon ls tho heavier for ovcry now Ordlnanco, ovory frosh provlnco of dloocsan aotlvlty. Yet I know full well you would not have lt otherwise You will not grudge this added sorvlce, nor regret tho lengthening list of duties, if only, in tho littlo lifo which ls given to us. wo can But forward tho welfare of the Churoh of our forefathers, and In so doing, ns we humbly and reverently trust, bring jUBta littlo nearer tho coming of that Kingdom for whoso nd vont our daily orisons. arlsotoQod. His Lordship's remarks as to' Federation and the Churoh ritual were muoh applaudod. \- Not many lay representatives from tho Coast parishes wero present,, but there ls a largo Synod notwithstanding. ' Tho services yesterday wore slightly spoiled by tho-, rain, bub still thoy wore particularly good. Yesterday. Hov. R. Fairbrothor was ordained priost, and ROTS. ; E. J. Morchant and W. P. Glovor, deacons. This morning the annual meeting of tho Sunday School Association was hold. Thero was a good,, attendance, and muoh interest manifested. According to the London "Sun," our young Governor is not a marrying man. He tells his friends that he will not brave the "family curse." Here is what the "Sun"" says : " The tradition among the Lygon family is that the eldest son of an eldest son can never be the Lord of Madresfield Court.. The late Earl was a second son ; so that if the present Earl was to marry, his first-born . son must come under the ban of the curse, which Is said to be due to the fact that the wealth of the family came from the spoils of the Church. Certain it is that the present Earl is extremely pious, perhaps, a little, superstitious, too ; and at present has shown no inclination towards matrimony." Michael Brennan, the man who was discharged from gaol after serving a seven- year sentence only a week before he attempted to rob Mr. Harry Sprotile, the Melbourno Theatre Boyal Treasurer, was dealt with by Mr. Justice A'Beckett. Mr. Sproule bad a bag containing £70 in his hand, and was in the act of ringing the bell of the Bank of Victoria, in Collins-street, when Brennan attempted to snatch . the money. A struggle ensued, and a cabman named James Vining decided the fight by hitting Brennan with the butt-end of his whip. The man then ran away, and was caught by a constable. The man admitted his guilt, and also nine prior convictions, and was sent to goal for three years, with bard labour. Full particulars respecting the will of Baroness de Hirsch have been published in Vienna. Her fortune, coupled with that of her late husband, is sworn at £24,800,000, and upon this vast sum the executors have Said duties of £000,000. The relatives of the eceased receive amongst them the sum of £4,000,000. while SO per cent, of the combined fortunes is bequeathed to works of charity and mercy. The baroness herself bequeaths for charitable purposes £1,808,000, the specific bequests including : Hirsch Foundation in New York £240,000, Jewish Board of Guar- dians in London £120,000, Jewish Colonisa- tion Association, London, £400,000, Hirsch Institute, Montreal, £21,000. The residue o£ the vast estate is to be divided among numerous benevolent institutions and char- itable organisations in Vienna, Bilda Pesth" Brunn, Brussels, and other Continental cities. 