IN TOWN AND COUNTRY A month's items of local interest are summed up by a country correspondent, in a little town ship, with a faculty bf condensation rare to find in such cases. In addition to "sickness, death, church matters, a school picnic, and the visit of a clergyman," the record runs "a travelling cinema tograph, lecture, fire, want of rain, grass scarce, weather cool, high winds for days and nights from south-east, duststorms, old residents leaving,, new arrivals, a few poor travelling sheep, and a* fair number of swagraen on the road." But he re sists the temptation to "spread himself" on any one of these subjects, and confines his letter to a few lines where other writers would have made columns. ' * ? * * * Amongst many local causes to which the present drought in parts of the colony has been ascribed, quite a new one was . lately brought forward by some wiseacre. Says he: " Over twenty years ago the eminent geologist, the Rev. W.. B. Clarke, prophesied that if the Bogan scrub were cut down there would he a long drought." It is quite safe to affirm that the rev. gentleman never said any such thing. And, anyhow, at latest reports the scrub is growing faster and thicker than ever, in a hurry, as it were, to moke more work for the unemployed, who are only waiting to be put on the land, and are totally indifferent as to what they do when they get theres-with either axes or seed wheat. Here, in a single paragraph, is a definition of the anonymous letter-writer-a pest that par ticularly affects country newspapers, when it can get a chance: "Rather than give a manly utter ance to their thoughts they resort to one of the most cowardly, ignorant, and contëmptible ac tions that a would-be lady or gentleman could possibly be guilty of, namely, secure a piece of paper (if there is a bit of dirt upon it it is more in keeping with their minds, as it is a dirty business she or he is about to engage upon), then disguise; or what is still worse, endeavor to forge som« other person's writing, then with a considerable amount of mouth contortion, that occasionally exposes their back teeth, they manu facture to their satisfaction, and then gloat over what none but the lowest of beings could be guilty of, that cowardly weapon, an anonymous letter." This ls comprehensive enough in all conscience; so much so, indeed, as to leave no room for com ment other than to remark the realistic and life like details of the picture. Men who live long in the hush become as taci turn as an order of monks vowed to. silence. For days, perhaps, a couple of mates will work to gether, and eat and sleep in the same tent, with out the exchange of more than a rare monosyll able. Such men as these it is almost Impossible to goad into speech; and argument is a thing, above all things, hateful to them. A capital in stance of this appears in a Queensland exchange, and is, as anybody who knows the species/ will admit, thoroughly characteristic of the type. Two mates, it seems, had lived together for a long time,-and were engaged on a fencing contract. Then, one day, at their midday meal, Jim re marked suddenly, "There's a cow bellerin' in the swamp." Ned made no reply just then, but that night, at tea, observed, "How do you know.it wasn't a bull?" It appeared unanswerable, and they went to bed. Jim, however, was restless something worried him, and in the morning ho ostentatiously packed his swag while boiling the billy and grilling the chops. Ned heard the cook ing, and dressed for breakfast. The first thing he saw by the fire was Jim's swag. "Off," ho asked laconically; "Too much dam argyment in this camp-I'm"'off," said Jim, witheringly; And off he went. Living, the name of Gladstone -was one to con jure with in his own country; dead,'it is not without power even under the Southern Cross. In Mudgee, recently, there dropped into a lead ing watchmaker's an affable gentleman who bought a gold watch, and told stories of the dead and gone G.O.M. The customer had, it seemed, just returned from England, and had stayed near Hawarden. Then it appeared that "the Grand Old Man" heard there was an Australian in the neighborhood, and sent for him, and asked him to give him a wrinkle or two in the art of tree felling, for everyone knows the G.O.M. was an enthusiastic amateur axeman. Thoroughly im pressed, the .tradesman made no demur whatever about cashing a cheque for the travelled stranger, who, thereupon, promised to look in later and "take a bit of dinner;" also tell some more Gladstonian stories. But the cheque, when pre sented, was found to be worthless. However, the G.O.M.'s-friend was eventually captured by a constable mounted on a bicycle, and is now en gaged for six months in showing the prisoners of Bathurst gaol how Mr. Gladstone handled an axe. and relating personal reminiscences of the late Right Honorable. The case is only instructive as showing how far self-assurance and any cock and-bull story may go . towards obtaining a flrsr class gold watch in a country town. Under the beading of "Naval Affairs," an es teemed contemporary sympathises very heartily .with the captain of H.M.S: Royal Arthur, who recently got wot.-.. Until now. I was under the mis taken impression that folk who go boat- sailing thought less than nothing of a ducking. Per haps, though; it is quite otherwise with the high naval officers of our Imperial squadron; Here is the sympathetic par: "The flagship Royal Ar thur and fleet returned to Hobart at 2 p.m. yester day from a cruise. A. very unpleasant experi ence lately befell Captain C. G. Dicken, of the Royal Arthur, at Hobart. The captain was rac ing in the naval regatta, and just managed to se cure a win when his boat capsized.. The occu pants of the 'boat were speedily picked up and transferred on board the flagship, little the worse for their unpleasant experience." "A very un pleasant experience" for the captain; and an "un pleasant one" for his companions. There really is an art in regulating language to fit these mat ters. If it had been;the Admiral who got wet the writer would probably have called it an "ap palling misadventure." The item was most likely wired direct from Hobart, where, even at the pre sent day, a post captain is accorded divine honors ; and the fact of one getting overboard has agitated the whole Island. The newspapers will have had columns describing the accident, and there will most likely be a big public reception and dinner to the boat's crew, at which local magnates will apologise for the bad behavior of their harbor. * * * * "Tempora mutantur, et nos mu tamur in ill's", -ithe times change equally with ourselves. And aforetime " up the bush" we used to plant our dead as we pleateed, generally rolled in their blankets, and, if it stripped easily, and leisure permitted, often with the added luxury of a bark jacket. Sometimes one. of ula could manage /to stumble through "the sendee;" oftener there was no "book," and fragmentary paragraphs (had to do yeoman's duty. .>.... "Earth to earth, dust to dust .. . . in ithe laure and certain hope . . . Amen." Sometimes there was no "ser vice;" nor even'a . fence, or attempt at any, around the bushman's grave. Then, probably, the wild pigs rooted him up . and scattered (his bones far and wide. The hundreds of nameless, unremem bered resting-places of the kind in Australia! But apparently times have changed, and red tapo has reached far inland. Here is a brief account of ft primitive "planting" common enough not so very long ago: "The man was a station, employee, and the information is to the effect that the body was sewn dm deceased's blankets, and afterwards buried in a paddock of tlhe station. There was, it is alleged, no burial service, and a certificate as Ito the cause of death^as mot applied for. Tho matter has been brought under the notice of tho Law Department." This report is probably inaccurate, because it is a thousand to one that- somebody exclaimed as they dumped him. into the hole, "Poor Jack! He wasn't a bad old sort, anyhow! S'pose he'll have as good a show on t'other side as moist of us." And The above is a fac-simile of the copper plate which was discovered when excavating a tele phone tunnel near the corner of Phillip and Bridge streets. Collins, the contemporary historian of the First Fleet, describes the laying of the fou ndation of the first Government House, and re lates how this plate was then deposited. Collins prints the inscription, which now sees the light for the first time for lil years. it is difficult to see how the "Law Department" can better that in the way of a burial service. A contributor to a Queensland contemporary is inquisitive, and wants to know lots of things about a certain hospital. And it therefore submits the following series of questions, apparently to be answered by the general public: "Is it con ducive to the dignity of the matron and wardsman to meander through the wards and amongst the pátóents in dirty, stocklngless feet? 2. Is the proper place for keeping the beer, porter, wines, spirits, etc., ordered in for the use of patients, under the wardisman/s bed, where the cat can get. at them? 3. Should a hospital be prostituted to a place of call and enltertainiment? Is is Impera tive that all visitors including the committee, should be entertained wclth cake, wine, tea, etc. at the expense of the subscribers, when there are houses of accommodation provided for that par ticular purpose?" Up Ito the present no one seems to have attempt ed ito reply to these absurdly easy querieä pro pounded through the paper. Although personally unacquainted "with the local surroundings, it may be permitted to an outsider possessing: a rather more than'the average experience of similar back blcck institutions to try his hand at these cohun druma. Here goes then: 1. Considering the cli mate, lack of stockings is permissible, even laud able; dirt on the extremities is, however, un doubtedly conducive to lack of that dignity in-, separable from such a position as that held by Ithie offlojals named. 2. Decidedly; the wardaman is the proper custodian of all medical comforlta.. . Probably their situation simply makes for convenience in handling. And. the cat is a mere detail; its business is to catch mice, not "beer, porter, wines, spirits, etc." 3. A quite unnecessary question. "Hospital: An glo-Saxon ; hospitable, hospitality, the according of a welcome; a place of refreshment; a building or house of entertainment where all comers, rich and poor alike, are made equally certain of atten tion and refreshment" Vide "Sangster's Euro pean Dictionary." The correspondent of the Q. paper is quite welcome to the above solution of his trouble. * * * * Sydney is, in at least one respect, far behind even the furthest-out township in the colony. All day long in the streets of the capital you may see carcasses of sheep and cattle, intended for human consumption, exposed for sale unprotect ed from dust, dried horse-dung, etc., in fine, dirt and filth of every description, .that is whirled up from the streets and blown upon the meat; blow flies also work their sweet will at leisure, and propagate their species Undisturbed amongst the joints; men and boys, hideously dirty and greasy, reeking with stale blood and fat, paw and maul mutton and beef about upon their bare heads, and bear great masses of meat clasped to naked, hairy breasts. The whole business of the retail butcher, in fact; as carried on in Sydney is in tensely repellant, hideously archaic, and, from a sanitary point of view alone, disgusting and dan gerous. If the bores who lecture and squabble about meat and its eaters .would only turn, their attention to the state of that meat as offered for sale In the principal thoroughfares of the city, uncovered,' unprotected, black with the dust of ceaseless traffic, contaminated with dry sputa and the other nameless abominations bf ' the dirtiest city in the world, bar Constantinople, they would be doing a' public service, in place of wearying us to death with pros/and cons. In Hobart all but chers' meat is protected by clean cloths, from dust; sun, and flies. Extremes meet, it seem»; and this is White Cliffs speaking from the Far West- not Sydney, the alleged centre of N.S. Wales civilisation :-"John Brown was charged on summons with exposing the carcase of a new ly slaughtered animal in Kerrara-road without sufficient cloth to cover the same from public view. . Accused pleaded guilty. Sergeant No lan pointed out to the bench that two written complaints had been lodged by the Progress Com mittee, and that all the butchers had been warn ed that owing to the state of the roads a large amount of dust and sand was thrown on to the "carcasses, also that thousands of flies settled thereon. The bench fined the defendant 40s and 4s lOd costs, stating, that the full penalty of £5 would be inflicted on the next person. Fine paid.''- It is almost time that Sydney also had a Progress Committee to protect its citizens from what is far worse than tuberculosis or anthrax in the animal food as now served .out to them, swarming with human germs and bacilli of con sumption, hydatids, and kindred diseases, which even cooking may not always destroy. According to the Hughenden "Observer" (Q.), "Ithe solidarity that at onie time characterised la bor in politics is becoming more conspicuous by its absence every day." And to prove its conten tion, iit quotes a fragment of a certain labor can dódaíte's tirade addressed to one of the brethren wiho has the ill-fortune to be editor of the local labor "orgaro:" "To him I say,.take my advice, you hocus-pocus nincompoop, and sling.the gum-pat and scissors. Don't be trying to pass yourself off a»3 the editor of the "Beacon," because yooir haven't brains :enough to sell mousetraps to Chinkies. Bah; Ithe man who would be afraid of your opposition would die at the sight of a de serted ghost in ia graveyard, and would never be elected to even an honorary position in a Joss house." Good strong talk that, and mot unparliamentary, the talk of a man' who has had his corns badly trodden upon in print, and, thoroughly aware of limiltaltions. doesn't go in for fine writing, but pase es compliments with a spade. Nor would he be a candidate for long, but presently rise to a fron* place in¡ Ithe Legislative Chamber of his colony, there to find foemen worthier of his steel than a poor newspaper editor, » * * ? * . One country town, at least, has made a depar ture, or rather, the powers that he have done EO for it, that should he much appreciated hy those unfortunates known as "twelve good men and true," who are compelled, for lack of unanimity, to spend a night within the precincts of the local gaol. In place of the bench and blanket, and buc ket of water so long the rule, now, according to the Mudgee paper, "there are nice stretchers, beauti ful new kapok mattresses, the best of blankets, and the finest of long cloth sheets. There are hair brushes, razors, and blacking brushes, and half a dozen cakes of delicately perfumed soap." At first, the citizens in general were incredulous when they heard the news; then they were afraid that there would be a substantial reduction in the amount of their fees to pay for such a list of luxur ies. Satisfied on this, point, all hands united in praise of the thoughtful care of the Government; also, hopes rose high that business was meant from a federal capital point of view. * ,' * * m Some time ago notices appeared in the daily press of an abnormally severe storm encountered by a drover in the Queensland back blocks. He was, . it seems, in charge of cattle, when the cy clone struck his camp, sweeping three of his hor ses over a steep bank and killing them. The man's own account, now to hand, is of interest. Says he: "Then, to my surprise and despair, a cloud exploded, and over 5in of rain, composed of hailstones, large enough to kill a horse, fell for twenty minutes, stripping, I afterwards found, every tree for twenty miles by three miles wide of all leaves and' small limbs, and killing kangaroo rats, birds, and other animals." The wind, says the report, travelled at fully the rate of 100 miles per hour; although how that measurement, or of the five inches of hail stones was accomplished does not appear. The account continues: "Dead 'possums could be seen in all directions next morning. Magpies, laugh ing jackasses, and other birds were also seen dead everywhere. Tn fact, nothing in its course es caped either being killed or more or less hurt. I was knocked off my horse several times, and only for getitng in the shelter of a large tree and wrapping my waterproof coat round my head I" must surely have been killed on the spot. Twenty-four hours after the storm it was possi ble to gallop a horse over the hailstones with out touching the earth, and I venture to say such a storm no white man ever .witnessed before in this colony." Which latter assertion is probably quite cor rect. It must have been , the very deuce of a storm, and the only , wonder seems to be that a soul was left to relate the experience, or a soli tary bullock left alive out of the 1000 which "were swept in all directions for a distance ot five miles, taking eight men three days to mus ter again!" Be that as it may, they evidently were successfully gathered, because subsequently, a stock telegram" notes that 1100 bullocks in charge of the same driver passed through Gayn dah, thus leading the uninitiated to surmise that it must have poured bullocks as well as hail stones. A hundred head of cattle more or less, however, are not of much account in the northern colony. Condobolin possesses at least one man who should without delay become a contributor to that English magazine in whose pages the experiences. of a notorious romance are just now appearing. Seven years ago this gentleman relates that being in the milking yard of his selection he hung his vest on a post. In the pocket of the garment was a very fine and expensive gold watch (selectora in Australia generally carry one of these instru ments), and presently an inquisitive calf, happen ing along, chewed the. pocket, and eventually swallowed it, watch and) all. Then in the nar rator's own words: "Last week the animal, a staid old milch cow, was killed, and the timepiece was found in such a position between the lungs of the cow that the process of respiration, the closing in and filling the lungs, kept the Waltham stemwinder wound up, and the watch had lost but four minutes in seven years ! ! Most people in Sydney are apt to regard the flower-sellers at the corners of the streets as an unmitigated nuisance, with their squalid person alities and generally dirty, unkempt appearance and hoarse, raucous cries adding to the already almost bewildering din in our narrow and crowd ed thoroughfares. They, however, have found a champion, brought to light, apparently, by the recent police court prosecutions. Says the writer: "The recent prosecution of street vendors of flowers, in consequence of the complaints made by some persons that they are obstructing the thoroughfares, will be regretted by all lovers of the picturesque. The gay scenes at the corners of our main streets used to be a positive relief to the dulness of town. In all the principal towns at home and on the Continent during the season the pavements are lined with vendors of flowers, and on ithe main thoroughfares squares are set aside exclusively for flower kiosks." Where "X.'s" "picturesqueness" comes in it would be rather difficult to discover, except to a very pe culiar eye. If the sight of a frowsy row of smoking, chewing, expectorating men and youths, who ought to be at work in place of thrusting huge bundles of often stale and withered blooms into the faces of the passers by, can be termed "gay scenes," a pauper funeral in X.'s" view would be a perfect "carnival" of sound and color. Certainly, on the Continent, flowers are sold in . the public streets, but by a very different class of vendors to burs. It is some pleasure to buy your wares from, a sweet old woman, with a face like a brown pippin, and a great cap, white as snow, white apron and spotless sabots, Instead of from a truculent, howling ruffian, who, as like as not, flings a curse after you on refusal. Street flower-sellers, street musicians, and street beg gars are. the three crying nuisances of Sydney, and the sooner reform in these is effected the more comfortable we shall be ourselves, and the better will our visitors think of us. The rarest bird In existence Is a certain kind of pheasant in Annam. For many years its ex istence was known only by the fact that its longest and most splendid plume was in mucn request by mandarins for their headgear. A single skin is worth £80, and the living bird would be priceless, but it soon dies in captivity. 