TOPleS OF THE WEEK. PARCE,? are at the local railway station for Jones, Whittholz, J. UI. More, J. N. Smith, Dayblo. Jeffson, Macmiila, Owen, Basth, Slattery, Iohban, G. Morris. MOIWELL. MEClIANICe.-A committee meeting of the above Institute was held on Saturday evening last when there were present Messrs. D. McDonald (president), Hamilton, Witt. Sullivan, McIntosh and Secretary. The Book Committee reported tnat books to the value of £2 10s had been added to the library during the week, and it was men tioned that tenders for certain improve mlents had been invited. Mr. J. B. Iloyle tendered his resignation as a com mitteeman in cansequence of not having sufficient time at his disposal to attend to the work. The resignation wasaccep ted. Accounts monunting to £1 Os 3d were passed for payment. Ecmllrr AND PAY Ovrtrc.-The following accounts await paymnant at the sub-treasury :--Morwell-A. J. Hipwell, Moe Mechanics', J. Thompson, F. Leach, Jas Keegan. G. Cox. BAG.SNATCHIINo.-AnOther case of bag snatching has occurred in Mel bourne, but the police have rot got the matter in hand, and this is (writes Atticus mn the Leader) its first appear ance in print. A gentleman in business in the city, a most domesticated man, had been worried for some time by the wife of his bosom, who desired.to be rid of the house cat, and the Tornt was carried away many times and disansed of in many ways, but the cat came hback most persistently. So one evening, when coming into his office to put in some nightwork,the housefatherpoppgd the domestic feline into an old hand bag, and brought it into town, intending to liberate it in one of the lanes of the city. \Vhen passing down Flinders street a man dashed past him, snatching the bag from his hand, and ran up a lane leading into Little Collins-street. The business man did did not pursue him, and he now wishes to express his gratitude to the bag-snatcher through the medium of the press. The cat has not come baclk, and one can imagine the astonishment and disgust of the thief when he opened the bag. A BIG FACTOnY.-The shareholders of the Euroa Butter and Ice Factory Company have again the pleasure of knowing that they have had a most successful year. 'Ihe balance-sheet and directors' report, just published, shows that the milk purchased for the year amounted to nearly ii, million gallons, which returned 274 tons butter and about six tons cheese. The total receipts amounted to £2,7,531 15s 3d. Of this the sum of £21,46o 14s 9d was returned to dairymen for milk supplied, the balance being absorbed in general working expenses, less £1891 profit. Tnis latter item the directors propose to appropriate as follows :-Dividend to shareholders, at 8 per cent., £329 18s 4d ; bonus to milk suppliers, £234 ; write off buildings and machinery, £300 13s id; making a total of £873 Its 5d. This leaves a balance ot over £000ooo, from which it is proposed to utilise whatever may be required for the purpose of making necessary im provements at the factory or cream eries. ACC ?r.ENT--The " l'imes" writes -Some uneasiness was felt in Sale on Sunday evening during one of the squalls at an empty gig with a galloping horse dashing down Raymond street to the Criterion stables. An examination showed it to be the Rev. Father M'Mlahon's well known gig and the horse one that had been clipped at the stables a few days before-but which had not been in the habit of being stabled there. 'The springs of the gig were badly broken and it was clear that an accident had happened. On inquiry It was ascertained that Father M'Mahon had been thrown from tie gig whilst r comning from Rosedale in the storm, i but fortunately he escaped with no more i serious injury than a severe shaking. i The weather was very severe on Sunday and the horse no doubt got the full n force of it having just lost his coat. The reverend gentlemen's friends will be f pleased to learn that he got off so well. FooTtALt..- lt he first round in con. nection with the' Ilall trophy competion" will commence to-morrow when Jlorwell meet Trnralgon as Mtrwoll and Yinnar meet Gormandale at 'rmralgon. .1eosers . WYatson and T. ltclhards have been selected ultnIrea for the respective matches, ard the local tenm are pnrticulatly requested to roll upnl, full numbers. On Thursday next Mathleson and Davis will hold a hoe soesa: at theiryanls Traralgon whvn they will offter 0 good horses. ELlwhere, lligh Breo. eonelhbuilbers, wherlrightls, nnd blncktmiths. wloe, intimate that they ore relnared to execute anl manner of workiu conntetion with their trade, equr l to anything turned out of Melbourne, at same prices. Dtr. Powell Invites tenders for pucchase or plan, nlarge mirror, and Japi sreen. Bee advt in another column. It is announced that in the near future Sbottles will be mtudo of paper. The ad. vantage clrinmed for the paper bottles are many. A glass bottle is extremely liable to break, and, in the ease of old wine, the breakage of a bottle inl bihn causes a serious loss. The paper bottle, it is claimed, cannot be broke,,, unless con. siderable force is used. BoIttles have \- been made of toughened glasP, and jars l have been coveredl with wicker- work; but still tIt. breakages occur. It is claimed that unbreakable paper bottles will stop this. No item of ose in ocean traffic his been greater than that caused by the r breaking of bottles during the rolling of a ship int routgh weather. On this account 1 the paper bottles will be welcome in every qurrter of tile globe where liquor is ship. ped for export. An amusing incidentoacurred during a performance of F?ust. In one scene Mtephistopheles disappears through the grnound into Hades, but on this occasion the traip door only lot him down half way, and thore he stuck. This iight not have been so bad had not the situation been irretrievably spoilt by a grarolea youth in ethe gallery, who gave vent to the pious exclamation - " Thank goodness, hell's full at lest." The curtain had to be rung down after that. A story is told in aonnection with the running of the first train of the Great Northern Line to Manchester, via Not. Stingham. Pasengr at King a Cross ad' s dressed guard : " Please, I want you to wake me up when we reach York. I may be disagrosable and say thinlgs, but, never i mind that. just get me out at York." Said passenger sleeps blissfully until New castle is reached, when ihe appears on the platform and reproaches the guard. 'Ay, ay, sir,' answers the guard, who is a Scot= mean, " ye may swear as ye will; it canrs be nsethin to fat was said by the nman I put out at York." A Ballerat youth who had been playing ghost, or whse behavior wa such ua to lead to the belief that he had betan en gaged in that silly end injurious prank, fell into the arms of a stalwart miner at Redan a night or two ago. ae is very sore and sorry now--the miners wrath was groat and the hand with which hl, smote phosphorescent sparks out of the " ghost" were hard and heavy. It seems queer to talkof a ghost havring bruises all over him and linping in his walk, but the days of miraclesa are not past. This ghost (says the " Courier") is blue in patches and it walks as uone who bud suffured. A soerwhat unique libel action bes 1 jut been disposed of. A Wellingto. (N.Z) bookmaker named Ifinens was Sheavily fined for loiterirg in Willis-street. The EreningPost commsunded the deci. sion of the magmutrate, and remarked that if such penalties were always lnmposed the Inafer nuisance would soon be abolished. IHiggins sued the Post for calling hlim a loafer, thus damaging his charsceter nd Sbusiness. The jury, however, held thaut it was a fair jnurnaletia comment, and I that no injury hod been, done tothe plain tiff, and a verdict f,' defendant, with costs, was entered. A man who was sentenced at the Wor. seaterehire sasizea to nine ni uths' im prisonment for tealing a florlri, eaid he had aceidentallyswallnwed thedoin. TIhe X-rays proved the truth of hisatory, and the ma hea been rleaed from goals by order of the Ilome Secretory. t 