NUGGETS. Jurymen ciu obtain t'uk fees to day by ealling at &ir.; Cohn's office, Mr. George Paj ze, we are ploased to record, is slightly better, Wannan's Enginedrivers' Guide will be posted from the TIMIU oJUcc to any address—price 6s 6d. F. B. Bailey and T. Brown, enginedriver and firemen on tbe Cue Mullewa line recently charged at the Cue Quarter Sessions with the larceny of a case of whisky, were acquitted without a slain on their character, Tbe ch'ldren's concert on Thursday night was a great success in every way. Mr. Armstrong and Miss Mann as teachers deserve' every praise for the interest taken in' their scholars. Mrs. W. J. Heydon also p« < e valuable help in conducting all the musical practices and lending the piano for this purpose. Concert at Day Dawn on Wednesday night next in aid of the strike fund. A good programme has been prepared and the concert promises to be very successful. H. B. O. Turner, late railway eta'ion master at Day Dawn, was in receipt of the magnificent salary of £120 per annum. After paying board and lodging he had the sum of 8s per week for clothes and incidentals. Tbe chairman and tbe justices at the Cue Quarter Sessions disagreed over the Turner case, Tbe former was at opinion that the First Offienders' Act did not apply to tbe case. Harper, of Weld Bange shooting case, was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment at tbe Cue Quarter Sessions. He was arraigned on five counts, and the jury brought in a verdict of guilty on. tbe minor one, <hat of shooting with in-' tent to do grievous bodily harm. Mr. E. Tborley, late manage^ of thp Cue Public Battery, and now engaged in tin niining at Greenbushes, writes t^at (iteam pumping and puddling laacliioery \s being' erpptecj on seyefaT of the tin mines. Be has ]U3t finished tbe erection pf t(is own, bping the ^rst to get up steam. He expects to t\irn out two tops of tin ppr month, and (be valqe of metal e on the §eia is if 8 per ton. four out of the five England:Australia test (i) matches have resulted in being drawn. Either the three days time limit PF (he qame " (eBt" will b^ve (o be ribbed oyt. Nearly all interest in cripltet in England is ovpr for'this to\ir, and now local enthusiasts fit the gauie will probably turn their attention nearer home. Uy the way, when does tbe annual meeting of tbe Cue C.C. ta);e place? The clqfc should make an early start in order to enjoy as muoh cool weather as passible. Hwy up Secretary Stringer, Well, I didn't 'xactly take a haim at any place on bis bead," said a witness in tbe Weld Bange shootingoase, who admitted striking accused with bis fist, pausing tbe ghost of a,smile tq Wflndgr round the chairman's fflce. It broke all un at the pincenez, however, but renewed the attack when one of the jurjmen was reported Northampton is experiencing a ualld land boom. Since tbe 1st of August 16,082 acres ol land have been applied for. A tent of Scienoe, including the X Bays, will be amongst the numerous attractions at tbe forthcoming Flower Show and Art and Industrial Exhibition. Received yesterday at tbe MtiECKrsoN TIMES Office :—The Idler, Harms worth, and Ladies' World magazines, Lloyd's Weekly, the usual comic papers. Miller's Sporting Pamphlet and Racing Chronicle. It is understood that a B.ankg and Civil Service Cricket Cl^b, will be (oftqed this yeaf, and al$q a C.C. Pay Da\vn is also certain to nut a pretty O strong feam together, so tbqt pi plenty of (liatehes should ba nv^ilabje The following unique notice recently appeared jn the Ml. Magnet Miner MAFLRUFIB. SMITH BUUGNALL —At Perth. J. Charles, oply spn of Mrs. M. J. Smith, of Mt, Magnet, late of Mooroopna, Vie., to Lo«i, eldest daughter of tbe late F. E- Bucknall, M.P., and brewer, SA., grand daughter of the late William Bucknall, Bucknall and Sons, Cork Merchants, Cruthed Friars, The Glen, Dartmouth Park, Surrey, England, step-daughter of J H- \V. Peryman, brewer, Mt> Magnet. (Perth, Adelaide, and Melbourne papers please copy.)—" Jitiki," 