gVy-" "..ort Story. A Distillery Ghost. P It Is not necessary to this story that "I conjugate my verb " to be" in the past tense., In fact, it is a painful subject to me, so I' will merely say that I ain, a : tramp, of interest to no one, except by chance -to the farmer's dog or to the police. :On the particular day of which I "speak I had been walking since sun rise- along roads where the hot dust spurted under my shuffling steps, and where the sight .of a . solitary blotch of, shade was as grateful as the clink of ice to the thirsty. I carried a companion in my pocket, a little flat, black compaMon, and every now and then, when the prospect became unusually dry and my hunger too insist ent, I raised to my lips that mouth which alone of all others had been constant to .me— the mouth "of the bottle. Towards afternoon, as I. marched dog gedly, on, I became aware of ; a sudden cool lapjling of, shadow over my should er, and glancing about I saw that a storm was beating up behind me.. . By some' malevolent inspiration I re membered having heard that on tMs very road stood a; disused? distillery, a fa vourite resting-place for travellers of my description. Notefar ahead was a clump of pine '.trees,- and behind them rose the outlines of an old : chimney. I hurried towards the place, plunging through a taDgle of dusty weeds, and, sure enough, there stood the building of - which I, was . in search, its sagging roof and bursting walls green with age. There were two holes ripped in i the roof, staring deep and empty, as the eyes of a skull. I crawled under -the door Just in time, for the next moment the rain came roaring down straight as melted lead. It must have been a dismal place at best, but now, under the thick sky and drumming rain-drops, it was particularly dispiriting. There were two rooms on the lower floor with no visible -means of communication but a wide windows set in the wall. The glass panes were unbroken, and the room he- hind was perfectly dark. Connecting these rooms with the attic was a rickety staircase. The earthen floor was cover ed with a' dank imesh of pal grass- blades. I cowered against thw<wall while the storm -boomed and crackled i over my head, closing my eyes from time to time against the shock of white fire that darted through the chinks and under the door. . Presently, as I sat with my hot. lids drawn down. I felt a startling sense of some one looking at me ; I turned quick ly towards the window of which I have spoken,, and there, pressed against the dark glass, was a face, peering at me steadily. Oh, the horror of that face ! for, as I looked, the outlines began to change and grow, like some great colour less jelly— a soft, human jelly oozing and spreading across" the panes. I shut my eyes, and -my heart battered my ribs. Agahi I looked, still the face was there, only this time . the slack mouth drew back in a sickening smile, '.and it rah out its blue tongue,,1 licking . its loose lips' quietly. I started to my. feet with a cry, and as, I did so the window began to elide up. I dropped to the floor. weak -with fear,' andthe sash fell into placQgain- Then I realised that I must lie.tnre, absolute ly still, for if I rose, the! Window rose. too-Jie there' and look,, vyhjle that face Iass. ...'. By-and-toy it began to amove ,wifch a flaccid, .gelatinous swaying. I . saw it bend over, and raise; something; from the floor, some thing that had been a man; but now hung . quite limply' in its . mouth. It pressed the; body against the window, laughing silently, and I saw— myself ! God help me ! for the first time in this world I looked into my own . face. .Myown face did I say ? No, no ! ' Some bloated ani mal, purple, pijnpled, with ' eyeballs so blood-shot that they seemed to be star ing through a web of red lace. ; How long I lay there I cannot; tell. 'At last' I moved, and my hand touched something cold ; it was my bottle, the companion of .my wanderings. I ' held ; it up, and saw that there was still a drop or two in it I drained it to the dregs, and the glad fire warmed me: and made me strong. . ' ; ' . At that moment the Thing began to raise r its pallid, horrible feelers,; twist- ing them about; tlie body It held, snap; ping the limbs off 'and dropping.": them . into Its mouth, where the : blue tongue caressed -them hungrily. ; It had' finished' its -'meal, " but it Still. kept its. vague eyes on me, and then I' realised that 1 was. moving, slipping quietly. towards it ! I clutched at; the rotting steps, and they . crumbled to brown powder '.In my hands. I. ground my fingers Into the earth until there was a trail of bloody mud after me. Then" I made one superhuman effort, dashed up the 'swaying staircase, and broke In; to the attic. I slammed the door and threw my seif against It. for I had seen that accursed window dart up with a crash 7 as I leaped; and T knew that." the Thing would . follow me, and tear me to pieces, and plunge me . into its mouth, . and mash and mangle me between its tooth less gums The room- where I found myself was dim and wet. Between the cracks in the wall ' a flaming strip of sunset glowed like a. forge in the twilight. Every breath of Nature was hnshed .; now, the rain " came oiily in. loosely- blown guts, and the thunder had shud dered away into silence ; my hair rose and my flesh grew rough and: ic.v. for on the stairway -was a soft creaking sound, then a steady pushing against the door. ... I howled aloud In my anguish, and the sound of my voice set the place bel lowing with echoes. My arms were torn, and the bones nearly snapping from the pressure, and still I felt the door opening, opening ! There was a crunch— one rusty hinge dropped clattering to the floor, another and.for-a moment the door tottered" and fell forward, nearly. crushing me ; . but, no. I was too quick, I was mad with " fear. One instant only we stood look- lug at each other, the Thing framed in the 'empty door space, and I— a wild beast crazed with the fiercest race In stinct : then I plunged forward and out through a rent in the torn boarding. I felt the wood snap and give, and the awful swoop of my fall, and knew„that the Thing had hurled itself' after me. I scrambled to my feet and went rush- ing' flying down the empty road. " . The wet bushes slapped my face and clung, clammy as dead hands tha't would have stopped my flight, and all: the time I 'heard the Thing - behind me— heard the plash of the paddles as it trailed through them and the beat of i its formless steps. The moon was rising across the road, a great . swollen disk; sanguine ; : and -threatening. I: remember every: scene : the jerky flitting of a bat, the dark spray of some hanging vine, and the pounding of my own steps. I remem ber catching my ragged shoe in a root that had crawled out from the -hedge, and hearing a deep, horrible chuckle ; then I fell forward— and remember no thing more. It was midnight when I became con scious again. The moon had shrunk in to the-zenith, and was looking at me with its little white eye. I was very weak, and my hands were stiff with dry blood. : ' - : There was not a living thing in sight, only the pale ribbon of the de serted road and the gray fields stretch ing. away to the sky. Far on my left stood a clump of pine trees ; behind them rose: the outlines of an old chimney, and, sick as I was, I went hobbling through the night, -till the place was lost to. view. Then . I crawled into a damn havrick — and slcpt.Juiie Closson Kenly, in the " Weekly Sun." 