GOULBURN. Last Sunday (Pontioost Sunday) all the services at SS. Peter and Paul's Cathedral were oommemorative of the great event of the coming, of the Holy Ghost upon tho Apostles (says the 'Goulburn Herald.' They were also of speoial looal interest for two reasons. It was on Whit Sunday ,32 years ago that his Lordship tho Right Rov. Dr. Lanigan waa oonBooratod Bishop in tho old ohuroh on whioh site the cathedral now stands. Accordingly last Sunday waa tho 32nd anniversary ofhis Lordship's oonseora tion, and. it was a source of groat satisfac tion that he was able to say Mass— in faot is quite strong again, He oolebrated fcho eight o'olook Mass without showing any signs of fatigue. He administered Holy Communion and also addressed the congre gation. Tho other event was tho ordina tion to the priesthood of four students of Mary's Mount at the 11 o'olook Mass. His Lordship tho Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher was tho officiating Bishop, and the names of the four rev. gentlemen whom ho ordained are: — Father Benodiot Abel, O.P., Father Charles Jerger, O.P., Father Ignatius Le mosurer, O.P., and Father Bernard Robert son, O.P. The firBt and last named are Tasmanians, Father Charles is a Gorman, and Father Ignatius an Englishman. The oeremony, including the sermon, lasted two hours. At 11 o'olook tho clergy aamo in prooession from tho saoriBty, tho candidates for ordination oaoh carrying a ? lighted candle— the Hymbol of divine faith and love, —and tho prioata' vestments folded, The Bishop, with mitro and orosdor, brought up the roar, and on reaahing tho altar he began the Mass, and oontinuod till tho Epistle. At this stage Father Vinoont, Provinolal of the Passionist Fathers, proaohod the aor mon. After roforring to tho foast of the day and tho suitability for tho ooremony of ordination, ho spoko of Bishop Lanican's oonsooration and his 32 yoars' work, and expressed tho hopo that ho may long bo spared to tho priests and poopio of hiB important dioooso. Ho thon re- forrod to the ideal of tho Pasalonlst mis. sionary.as represented by Dr. Gallagher In hie sormon at tho opening of Mary's Mount Retreat sovon years ago, and whioh ideal the young mon about to bo ordainod had by* a long and arduous preparation ondoavourod to roaliso. .Finally ho gavo a brief doBorip. tlon of tho ooromony that was about to take plaoo, and concluded by asking tho congre gation to pray forvontly for tho now priests) during the Mass. Ho thon dosoondod from tho pulpit, and having vostod In a oopo I10 presented tho four doaaona to tho Bishop, and asked him to ordain them prlosts. After tho ooromony of ordination, tho largo congregation kopt for a long timo thronging to tho altiu'-rttlla to rooolvo the now pi'losts; blessing. During tho ooromony tho choir' performed Ito part In an admirable manner, Mr. M'OotuiolI presiding at the grand organ in his UHiial oxoollont stylo. After tho funatlons wore over his Lordship Bishop Lanlgan with Dr. Gallagher and the Cathe dral prioHtH oiitiorliaiiiod at riinnor tho Passlonlat Fathers, Including tho four mom bora of tho Ot'flor who had just been ralfjorl to tho prlofithood. Solemn vowpofH at 7 o'elook with an oxuolloiit-Hormon appropriate to thu fuiuit of thu day and the event wliluli had baleen plaoo, preached by Rev, l)v, Daly, brought the day's functions to a fitting conclusion. Mr. Patrick Carney, of Duck Flat, Tarago, died on Thursday, aged 98. 