BOWLS AND BOWLERS. ?pENNANT playera, as such, will havo a ' ?*- Epell to-day, Dut tho fifth roun'd of tho , V°m'peU'Uon la to be dfecuosed. Waver eys team ehould so lo CoWc Par, st Lconardn to Ashfldd. and IUndwlck to retereaam. Tho downfall of Victoria Park and neJ hcol m,T J,f l SatUrday 'tam'i haa IlIMsis Zw «~ P yCn-l ElCone M ^y undoubt edly are on any green, arc particularly so. have lLZah ihc,lr gOluG und« BC'^ to ih ,,mi i ? a -leal of (il'-i'riBC. Why thin B?indfrJ)° ?8Uf'I'»Mlh ^° wtferti under' nrovr l Sv! f ?° personntl 0' tho sides that SS^^SJ^' madc up of BWer^ Snatd;rnt!hC faCt lh3t VIct0Ha Park vi^Tp th_.ls flb-lcct- ft 's stated that tho Victoria Pa»k players themselves were, to a considerable extent, reaponBiWe for thei own undoing at the hands of Waverley last baturciay. It appears that after eight or nine heads had been played rain came down ^h7n» T y' tontoeiM to seek ahelter In ho pavihon. The result of tho shower waa '^ . an ° rdinarlly Blow, drasglng green was rfcjidered more fo. and (according to many people) absoluteiy unfit for playing upon; but the 'Tai-kere,' with 12 points to the fcoou at this stage, were anxious to flnlati matters, and Waverley, nothing loth, and with the courtesy .that guests nilKht reason ably eicpect from hosts under the circum stances, readily acquiesced. The' game was resumed at 5 o'clock, and did not finish before night put In an appear ance. An a mutter of fuct, so 'tis said, iirA'crol ehots were played In the dim. un certain light In evidence about 7 o'clock p.m., aud Waverley won, a3 .V/avorl.v mifht. very easily have been expected to do, for wiho should, in tho dark, know inora about Waverley green than Wavcrl.v bowlero ? Had Victoria Park come out ot this ougaKc-mtnl with color., (lying, tlio honor cf unfurling the pn-acnt year's Pen nant would almost undoubtedly 'have been Ihoirs— even now they lead. Looked at in the changed light -that last Saturday's results have Imparted to tho competition, this journal Is rather indinnd to favor City's chanco ot survivlnR tho bat tle, as that body's players should win every one of tho remaining matches they arc concerned in. Victoria Park, to 'Tho Arrow's' way of thinking, will lose one. moro m'atch — probably., two, Rcdfcrn onr, I'otorsh'am two, and Waverley one, which, should matters pan out that way, mcon« City will emerge triumphant from all throe of tho yeur's big fixtures, viz., the Indivi dual Champlonflhip, tho Rink Champion ship (both of which alrendy belong to them), and the Club Supremacy — a fine big coup If it comes off, and a record that th'i old metropolitan trttndlcrn may be relic 1 upon to do their utmost to put up. 'The Arrow' compliment, aud congratu lates Mr. llorrockn upon the success of his four against th'nt captained by Mr. P. .1. Jo«eph»on In tho soml- fliials of the Ulnk Championship, played at Dalmnln last Wed nc-nday afternoon; the more so, aa mo3t people, including thu author of these notd^. who profcuB to be Judges, were under tho Impression that 'Alfred'a' t|Uftrtette'.» chancu of winning was akin to that of Mr. nuoklcy'n, who, so the ntory gors, nirver had a ghost o-f n hope of scorlnc In any under taking he tackled. Mr. Horrockn1 rlnic'-i victory was a papular one, too— this much wo havo ascertained In tho course of con versation anent tho matter with several bowlers during Thursday and Friday. Tho exceptional playlns ntrongth this kc.i non of City Club wan referred to In thwo columns a couplo or three weeks back. A further oscimpllllcatton of what wan then stated in tho fact of Mr. llorroolto being ahlo bi- quickly 'to ilnd a subutlluto for hln HtroiiK man, Mr. 'Bill' Lyons, whom, un fortunately, illncnn prevented from follow liiE up tho imcceuioa of previous rounds, towards which ho contributed no much. Mr -Offt ' ' '- ? —-a . Nrchtingale filled Uio (breach, and filled it to' nomo purpose, too, aa tho result Bhowu. The match committee, were to havo de cided yesterday where and 'when the final of the Rink Champion shp Is to Iks ployed. At tho tlmo of wi-itl-10 tho dc'cl»loi_ ftiM riot reached us, but a little bird v/hteporo Uha. VtTavorley is protty sure to be the venue. Bo tho convincing ground where it may, aud with all due respect to tho capabilities of Mr. Hoirooks' men, 'The Arrow' thinks Mr. Harris' team will surely wear tho lau rels when the nunVbers arc up. In connection with tho foregoing It might . lie montlbned, regarding- our par o£ Vast Saturday concerning tho 'Neutral _rrecn' clauB-\ tbat tho committee Indignantly ro pudlato tho chitrpe of damphoollshnens laid at their door, and explain that throuc-h one of tho Bklppers affected objecting to piny on City -?roen, they had no alternative but to soloct Koime other placo, which puts a dif ferent complexion upon the matter, anl Bitg_v;.its the question, which captain ob Jectf.y, und why did he do so ? A certain club Is unfortunate In having amotwr, its members one who haR by his dis orderly conduct and generally objectionable bearing ropyatedly Riven serious offenco to clubs vlfilte'd. It would be a step In tho right direction If this ncrson were omitted frcm future tesmn.. Bowlers as a rule ar« gentlemrn, and they conduct them selveo accordingly. Verb sap. It Is Intended that the proposed testimo nial to Mr. John Young, tha father of bowlrj In New South Wales, shall be somet__ln,- handsome — Bomethlni; worthy the man and the preat amount of pood he h'as done for tho popular pastime which Is his pet hobby. Moro anon. Mr. Thcmn*. of the New South Wales Bowling Association, If one might Judge l-y what ono rrada nnd hears. Is a sort of pivot, unon which the N.R.W.B.A. revolvos—a kind of klnp-pln. n_ It were, that must t« In evidence beforn (ho net Is complete. By 'act' In meant any particular committee or pivb-coTimlttno, deputation, or ether off shoot cf tho nurcust body mentioned. These remarks arc prompted by the fact that Mr. ?Thomas' n.-.me lisuren in -*vf-ry — yes, every. nnthliiK less — group of names of people toil off for .iny pir-tltr-lcr duty, from th« tenting nt each new brrnd of 'whuakle' that nmy bo hmught uii'.lc-r tlic notice of bowlern n!i a whuJr to tho Inquiring Inlo and reporting upon thu iiup.'.tlon ns to whether too fro nucirt trips* to the pavilion, or the constant stooplnit anil enns-?«!iierrt tendency to strnleh fnrwnnl of the victualllnK depart ment, or 'fuel basket' (nn It wns tenned hy tho Waverley Glut) in taking out letters patent Tor l.lielr Belwtlon committee). Is re sponsible for the grent girth measurement so conspicuous with most of our trundlere. Mr. Thomas hna been appointed to every nu'b-rominltttie this season, and at the lastt committee meeting ot the N.S.W.tt.A. waa nominated to act on no less than tour BUb bodlea. What does it all mean ? la Mr. Thomas a mnscotte 7 Are there no Jones' or Smiths' or Browns' or anybody else's who could be Imported Into tho business Just to give us a change, and. a chance of iieolug nomo printed matter connected with bowls In this province that doesn't mention Mr. Thomas' name ? Is there nn ulterior moth'e In the ivho-o thlriK ? Doom Mr. Thomas nsplro to ount our genial friend, 'Alfred,' from hln high oince., or l_ he aiming at something blg-gcr — tho presidential chair, to wit ? There's Foinethlng at the bottom of It all, el.ic why this great and persistent booming of Mr. Thomas ? Will somebody explain, nnd thu_ relieve the tension tho writer h'us been wrought up to ovor the mystery. Messrs. Lane and Bradbury have played tho ilnnl of tho Victoria Park Club's Indi vidual Clmmplonnhlp, and Mr. Hrndbury won, mrier a very closely- eon tew ted match, by 31 points to 27. The board showed even r.corra at leant a dozen times. Lano waa 2~- to Bradbury's 22, then they worts .7 all. In tho last hend each had one lying on tho Jack— nradbury'u wood about threequ'nr tern of nn inch, and Lane's seven-eighth of an Inch awny — close enough, in nil conscience. The gamo excited a deal of lu *«ront. 