"NEWS FBXMH: THE IBIiAUDS. BROUGHT BY THE MORESBY. ("Sydney Daily Telegraph."), The steamer Moresby, trading under the auspices of Messrs Burns, Philp, and Co.'s lines, arrived this morning after a. cruise through5 British New Guinea and New Britain in theiBls naarck Archipelago. The steamer has been absent from Sydney since Decem ber 21st last. She was at New Guinea just after the hurricane passed over, and traces of the damage wrought by the storm were visible from the deck of tfce| steadier as she cruised among the islands. ■ ■■■■..» Among the passengers by the Mores by are Mr Campbell, the British mag istrate ill New Guinea, and Brother Leo, one of the missionaries attached to the Sacred Heart Mission, in the Bismarck Archipelago. * The Moresby has brought news re garding the Sea Ghost massacre and the punishment of the ringleader. The Sea Ghost, a 16-ton cotter, was recently chartered for the island trade. She was in charge of Captain Kolshom, and the other members of her crew consisted of half a dozen natives re . cruited in the Bismarck Archipelago. The cutter set out from New Britain on a trading cruise. Mr Tindal, of Shortland Island, was the charterer, and he had fitted the vessel out with the goods tor bartering with the na tives. The cutter sailed under the German tricolor, and, on leaving her headquarters, made for the German Solomon Islands. The islands lie just off the British Solomons, and were an nexed by Germany a few years ago. The natives are described as a fine race, and of good physique, but traders visiting the group ara warned to be on their guard against possible attack, as they are noted for being .both can ning and treacherous. Whilst showing a friendly disposition to visitors, they have been known to attack traders? vessels with sudden and remarkable daring, and there is a long record of horrible atrocities against them. It was at one of these islands, called Buka, that the Sea-Ghost made her first call, and she had hardly reached \- anchorage before there was an attack on the crew by the shore natives. The attack .mas go sodden that the crew could offer no - resistance, and all but ' two, "who escaped, fell am easy prey to the hatchets and spears of the sav ages. The natives, as,usual, pot off from , the shore in canoes, but In. his anxiety to keep the vessel clear of the dang erous reefs, the captain had not notic ed that they were swarming on board the cutter. They appeared friendly, however, and wanted to trade with copra, which is the staple product ot the group. Captain Kolshora was de scending from the rigging when the attack was made, it was a complete surprise for him, and being unarmed^ he had no possible chance off defend ing himself. He fell mortally wound ed on deck, the body, so the story goes, being horribly butchered. Four of the natives made & desperate fight, but the odds were considerably against them, and they were soon overcome. The other two natives were taken prison ers, but they by soma means or other managed to escape. Meanwhile, the vessel had been run ashore, and, having heeq looted at «rverything of value, ehe was subse quently destroyed. Tha captain's body had been thrown overboard, and then the remains of the four natives (crew) were tak«n to the village for a canni balistic feast. A retport of the massacre reached New Britain in due course, and a puni tive expedition, in charge of Judge Schnee, visited the scene, and succeeded in capturing the native who was ringleader In the attack on the unfortunate crew of the cutter. He was duly tried at Herbertshohe, before Judge Schnee, and condemned to be! banged. The execution was expected to take place shortly after the Moresby' left; for Sydney- | Another item of news brought by] the Moresby was the destruction by i fire of a store, containg 86 tons ®T copra, at the ShorUand Islands. The store, which was owned by Mr Timdall, j is supposed to have been, set on fire; by natives. Inquiries were being made with a view] of bringing the culpa-its .to justice. Gre(ai sympathy is felt for Mr Tindall in his misfortune. Mr Tindall was also the owner of the Sea Ghost. It was intended that the Moresby should call Gn her present trip for the oapra cargo which was destroyed. The contents of the store i were uninsured 60 that Mr Tindall is No sooner have the public of Char ters Towers got ovor the excitement of the Municipal and Divisional Board elections than something else startled them. Now the topic of conversation is TTillma.n and Hillman, the Golden City Tailoring Company, Smith's Buildings. Gill Street, and anyone paying a visit to their establishment will soon be convinced that thef public are justified in being excited, as they have one of the finest assortments of tweeds, serges, sergerettes, coatings, i etc., in the North. These, combined I with first-class workmanship, ensure satisfaction to every customer.* a heavy loser by the disaster. Trading operations in New Brftaett and adjacent islands are iruproirmg, and additional tonnage has been order ed to cope 'with the increasing busi ness. It "was resorted -when the Moresby left that all the large firms intended to have auxiliary vessels built for trading purposes. Messrs Hernsheim and Co are importing one vessel from San> Francisco, the New Guinea Com pany axe having one constructed, iffi Germany, and the well-known firm of Forsyth and Co intend having one built at Sydney. 