' THE HAUNTED RIVER. It had been raining all day, a steady downpour ; but an hour or so before the sun was duie to set the clouds be gan to break, and a patch or two o' otue began to appear. ' There-it's going to clear up at last, thank goodness, I said to the landlord, who was standing at my elbow at the window of the Snuggery. ' I will just get my rod and mackin tosh and be off to the river whilst it's light. The fish ought to rise first-rate after the rain.' - The rood ran almost seraight past the inn down to the river, which was not half a mile distant. By the time I had arrived at the bridge the rain had ceased, and the sun, now low down in the west, was shining over the tree tops, Leaving the road, I gained the bank a little below the bridge, threw off my mackintosh, put together my rod, knotted on my cGst of flies, and, with out losing an Instant of the precious daylig t, prepar d to fish :he ford. Just under where I stood the e was a deep pool, so I had to go some twenty yards down stream, where, a big rock serving me as a stepping stone, I was able to reach shingle beyond, over which there were but two or three inches of water flowing. I had not been wrong about the fish rising. There were too many olf them; aud I was continually taking some wretched little brute of a coupile of ounces off the hook and throwing him back. ' Still, I had capital sport. In less than a couple of hours I had my creel pretty well full of nice little trout, running up to half a pound, and also a few grayling. The twilight was deepening fast, and I could scarcely see my cast, but when is a fisherman ever satisfied ? Just out of my reach, in a spot free from shadow, a couple of good fish were feeding. I felt sure they were heavier than any I had yet landed that evening, and the desire to top up with them was great. However, after several futile attempts, I found I could not possibly get near enough to cast over them without wad ing vaist-deep, and this I had no mind to do. Suddenly the idea struck me that I might get them from the bridge. It was a low-arched, heavy old stone affair, and by standing on it I thought I might not only be able to let my flies be carried over the feeding fish by the current, but that, the height above the water not being great, I should be able to pull out my fish in safety when caught. No sooner thought of than attempted I clambered up tite bank, got on the bridge, and soon had my flies dancing gaily down stream. It was too dark to fish properly, and I had to trust to keeping my finger on the line and trusting to my sense of feeling when to strike. My idea, however, turned out all right. Within two minutes I had my fish hooked, and got him safely over the parapet of the bridge. It was a fat little trout of just over the half-pound. His fellow, however, was either not so hungry or else more artful, for he refused to be taken, and finally left off rising. SYou won't get him to-night, sir,' said a voice at my side. I looked round, It was the parish clerk and s:hool master, an old fellow ot sixty or more, whom I had seen at the inn when he came of an evening to have his glass of ale. ' No, I am afraid not,' I answered. ' It's a pity, for he is a heavier fish than the other I just landed from here.' ' There's many a good fish been got out of Dead Joan's Pool,' the old man went on. ' There ain't a better spot up cr down the river.' SE ?' t said, looking up from my task of taking off the cast. ' Dead Joan's Pool, did you say ? Did a girl drown herself there ?' ' Well, sir, most people thought as now she was done to death; but that's as it may be. No one ever knew for certain htow she came in the water. It's long ago now, and would have been forgotten, only the folk about here say her spirit walks.' ' Her ghost ?' 'Yes. sit.' SI can't say that I believe in them myself, sir; but there's a good many folk about here who have seen a white figure sitting on the bank over against .he pool-ay, and some of them people whose word I should be inclined to take.' ' Have a cigar, and tell me about it -the story of the girl Joan, I mean,' I said, offering my case. SW\\\ell, sir, there is a few still living who can remember the girl, and I am one of them. I like a good cigar, and, by your leave, sir, I will sn!oke it by-and-by indoors; but I can tell you the circumstances of poor Joan Monk's death whilst you are reeling up and taking your rod to pieces. 'It must be close on fifty years ago, I should think. I was about fifteen at the time, and old Bill Ward kept the inn. You see the mill there, sir, just below the ford ? Well, it was occupied then by a man named Monk, and Joan was his daughter ; a very pretty girl she was, too, and most of us boys had a sneaking fancy for her. ' Of course, she would not look at any of us, though. Half the sprite young farmers in the district were after her, but she seemed hard to plerse and as she was not eighteen then, she had lots of time in which to wait for the right man to come along. 'The man she fancied came along at length, but he was not one of her class. It was young Mr. Sutton, of Clover Hall, which stands the other side of that wood yonder. ' He had been away with his regiment in India, and had only just come back, his uncle having died and he come into the property. 'He courted her quite houourably, and wanted to marry her, but old Monk, her father, said no. The girl was no fit mate for the young squire, and he had no fancy lfo his daughter to be mistress of the Hall, and .ook down on her father, who worked the mill. 1 Young Mr. Sutton tried his hardest to make the old man change his mind, but it was no good, Monk stuck to his text and threatened to shut the girl in her room if the young squire tried to see her. ' The end of it was that Mr. Sutton, went away, and, as most of the servants at the Hall were discharged, it was supposed he was not coming back for some time. ' Joan did not show any outward signs of great sorrow; she kept more to the mill perhaps, but her eyes showed no sign of tears and her smile was as bright and saucy as ever. 'Her suitors began to hope and pluck up their spirits. There was one amongst them-young George Alden, of the Mote Farm, a well to-do young fellow, whose suit Monk favoured- who was continually visiting the mill and he was well received not only by the father but by the girl also. 'I have thought since that she and the young squire understo id one another, that sue knew he would return and that she only tolerated George Alden in order to have a quiter time at home. Anyway, George was looked upon as the favoured sui or, and most of the others dropped off, so sure were they that he would be acceptd. 'George himself hid little doubt about the matter, and spoke at the inn of his marriage with Monk's daughter ss a settled thing. ' What happened fell heavier upon him than upon anyone else, If we except the father. 'One night-it was just six months after young Mr. Sutton went away there was a dreadful scene at the mill. No one exactly knew the rights of it, but Joan's eyes the next day were swollen with weeping, and Monk, al ways a morose man, was more silent and morose than ever. George Alden, too was much upset, took a spell of heavy drinking, and in his cups savagely abused the fickleness of women. ' It was whispered at the time that Monk had urged his daughter to marry George, and she had refused. Folks said her head was turned, and that bad would come of i:, and for once in a way they were right. 'About a week afterwards Joan dis appeared, and there was not a shadow of doubt in anybody's mind that she had gone to join the young squire. ` The only question the gossips asked one another was-would he marry her or would he not ? But weeks and then months passed, and no letter from her came to say she was his wife, and people shrugged their shoulders, and said they knew all along how it would be. But perhaps all this does not interest you, sir ; but there is not much more to tell.' 'Oh, yes, it does,' I answered; ' tell your story your own way.' ' Well, sir, as I said, I have nearly finished. His daughter's disgrace weighed heavily on the miller. He had always been a surly, stern sort of man, but now he became more silent, more surly, and more morose. ' He lived all alone at the mill with out a servant. The baker left his loaf of bread, and he must have lived off that and cheese, for he never bought or cooked meat. He camle to the inn every evening, wet or fine, and sat drinking moodily in a corner by himself without exchang ing a word with anyone till the house shut. People began to call him mad, and the children used to follow him about calling him ' Mad Miller' and ' Mad Monk,' and throwing stones at him, till one day he turned on them, caught one, and gave him such a thrash ing that the child was laid up for a week Alter this he was rarely seen ontside his mill, and never spoke a word to a soul, for folks were frightened to come near the madman, and the big mill wheel, once always going, lay idle from week's end to week's end. 'One morning, above three years after Joan went away, a little child a girl-was found by the baker sitting on the door step of the mill crying and sobbing, and as the man could get no answer to his knocking he took the child up and brought it to the inn. 'Bill Ward, the landlord, and his wife did not know what to do with the poor little thing, and were thinking of taking it to the Vicarage, when a party of workmen, who were imployed repair ing the bridge, were seen coming up the road :arrying something along. ' It was the dead body of a girl that had been found caught in the shal lows at the tail of yon pool. Mrs Ward just gave a scream when she set eyes on the dead girl's face, and Bill Ward, who was a stout heavy man, had a shock he did not get over for many a day, for they both recognised in the poor dead thing Joan, the miller's daughter. 'Those that went to the mill to tell the father of his daughter's death found the door barred, and when they at last broke it down after knocking and call iug to Monk in vain, found the miller seated in the old leather armchair near the empty fire-place with his head sunk on his breast. 'They tried to rouse him to tell him the dreadful news, but the stroke had fallen, some shock had overturned his already tottering reason, and he was mad, or, rather an idiot. What really happened no one will ever know, for the child was too young to tell much, even if it had seen anything of that scene. There was a purple bruise on the dead girl's temple, and it was gener ally thought that she had, after being discarded by her lover, wandered home bringing her child with her; that her half-mrad father, in an ungovernable fit of rage, had struck her down and threw her senseless body into the deep pool from which the current had washed her into the shallows. * Monk was sent to an asylum, where he died, and his money was held for the good of his daughter's child; but the little thing sickened and died too, and the money went to the poor of the parish, and there would have been an end to it all rad it not been that a tale got about that the spirit of Joan Monk walked. 'George Alden was the first who san it, and he came into the inn-I hap pened to be there and saw him-as pale as a sheet. He sworehe saw a white figure sitting on the river bank between the mill and the bridge over against the pool Just then -Heaven forgive me, what's that !' The sweat burst out on my forehead, and I can swear I felt the hair rise upon my head. My eyes had followed the direction of his outstretched, trembling hand, and there, seated on the bank above the dark, deep pool, was, clear and distinct, the upper portion of a female figure robed in white. Htr head seemed bowed upon her bosom and one long tress of loosened hair had fallen across her shoulder and showed up dark against the white robe. Even as I looked, the figure became more distinct till I could see the very hem of her dress and note her crouching atti rude. I could hear the short, sharp breath ing of the old man beside me, and then I burst into a wild faugh. The relief was so intense that 1 laughed long ard loud, and looking at the old clerk, read in his eyes that he thought me mad, and I saw him shrink back. " By Jove ! how like a sitting woman it looks !' And so it did. The shape of the bush gave the resemblance to the life, and the rays of the rising moon falling o, it gave it its own silvery sheen and threw the shadow of some branch which looked for all the world like a tress of loosened hair. It was some time before my friend the parish clerk recovered from the dou de shock, for my wild laugh had made him think that terror had driven me mad, and that his own life was in danger. However, the inn was near, the whisky good and plentiful, and, though it was late, the landlord for once set the closing orders at defiance and let the old man sit on till the spirit brought the colour back to his cheek and courage to his heart. I, too, wanted a nerve stimulant, and took it, for I can tell you, mackintosh or not, Joan's ghost vas awesome enough to try the nerve of any man.-Sketclhy Bits. 