The Secret of the Surge. ? -* ? (By Ernest Favenc.) II. T hurts were painful, but \ neither deep nor danger ous, arid a good washing would probably remove ?v.— g all possible venom of the ! , MZK dog's teeth, so when I had r-L ???V3?.*^ washed them I went out on the bank, and consider ed the position. It was possible that Erskine would learn from the ter- | rifled Paddy where I was, j and come to look for me. ! It was equally possible | that Paddy would be too frightened to say any- ! thine, or that the lunatic i ?would be too much for both. I reloaded. my re [volver, and determined to start and walk; I had : great faith in Erskiae as being an all-round man, hut what effect an excited nigger, chased by an equally, or more, excited lunatic would have on his nerves, I could not say. Probably, he would I shoot the pair of them on spec; but he might get I taken by surprise, and fall a victim to the I lunatic. Therefore, although not much enam ored ot walking, I started back for camp at the best pace my wounds allowed me. 1 I had gone about three miles, when to my great relief I saw Erskine coming along towards me leading my horse. 'What's up?' he asked when we met. -? 'Paddy came home like a mad man, your horse galloping after him.' 'Anybody behind them?' I queried. 'No, not to my knowledge, but Paddy must have had the devil behind him to judge from his looks.' 'Well, he looked very much like the aevil, but as far as I could see, he was a human devil.' 'Tfou saw him then?' 'Tes. That's the only thing I did see, except when I went into the old scoundrel's camp the ?fiog tackled me, and got me down.' I showed him my wounded hands and arms. 'He'd got a dog, had he?' replied Erskine. 'What became of him?' 't shot him.' 'Let's go back and look at the cave. The dog's dead, and there are two of us, so one can stop and look out for the madman.' 'Arid Paddy,' I said. 'Trust Paddy for looking after himself. You bet he's tip a hollow log by this. time.' I got oh iriy horse and rode back to the range,' arid not feeling very adventurous after my en counter with the dog, I stopped below to guard the horses while Erskine entered the cave. He had been gone about twenty minutes when I heard him calling to me. 'Will you come up?' he said, 'or shall I come down to you; perhaps you're shaky still?' He came quickly down to me. 'There's gold and rubies up there, a dead dog, and a dead female. You can account for the dead dog; but how about the dead woman?' 'How long has she been dead?' 'Goodness knows. She is a dried up mummy, and the gold ana rubies are strewn all over her. You can tell she is a woman by the dress she wears. She's got up in state, and evidently the dog guarded her body while the lunatic went wan dering about.' 'Here's the lunatic coming back,' I said. Sure enough the desperate-looking wretch came back, wild-eyed as ever, but he would not approach us, .but remained at a distance, crying out to us to know if we were white or not. It was long before Erskine could get near him and tell him that we were willing to be friends, but at last he succeeded. Then the haggard spectre approached. 'Come,' he said, 'and I will show you iny home.' Muttering to himself he led the way to the cave, seemingly unconscious that we knew of it. I tied the horses up and followed. As soon as lie entered, his eyes, better accustomed than ours to the semi-dusk, detected the dead body of ! the dog. He gave a wild shriek — 'Plutus, you are i dead; who has killed you?' looked round, and fell ! in an epileptic fit on the earth. We did what we i could for him, but that was little. Presently the j convulsions subsided, and he fell into an uncon- j ficious state. Then Erskine and I looked round j ihe cave. On a slab of granite lay, as he said, the body ol a woman, shrivelled to a mummy. She was dressed in ah old dress, and on her lifeless breast lay a little heap of gold nuggets and duet, and some dull, uncut rubies. Not the common T&iaier-wbrn; ones ot interior Australia, but stones ?which looked as though, like diamonds, they awaited the mechanic's art to blossom out in their I tali /lustre. A movement of the man recalled our 'attention to him. He was coming back to con sciousness, and his eyes had regained their san ity. But the man seemed dying. He looked tttund at us several times as we wiped away the ' bloody ooze from his iips; then spoke slowly, and | 'With difficulty, and the tale he told was this: j '?Wis came here, my mate arid I— Franks was iiis lifeme. I hanged him out there on a deafl'tree in i the lake.' 'Hanged him?' 'Yes, I hanged ' him by myself, but first I had beaten him and ' stunned him. Never mind, I hanged him ' aU right. Why did I hang him? Because ! the dead woman told him secrets she did not tell j to me. We found the dead woman here, at least I Plutufej ihy flog, found her in this cave 'when ho j was hunting about. He found her, and always stayed with her, She was like this when we found 1 fad, the golo. abd rubies on her breast. After we j had exhausted our wonder and surprise, we talked ' long about it; and decided that there were some i ancient workings about, where some race of old had worked, and this woman was some dead priestess of theirs. Therefore, we must- find these I old workings. Then we blocked tip the passage i 'We looked for them for months, until we both i got gloomy ana tired, and then strange things hap- ! pened. The ghosts of the dead came out of the I lake, and told us how the flood in the past had I overwhelmed them and their works. Franks fell ' to coming to the cavern and talking to the dead \ Woman, and she told him things, but me she would i never speak to. So I determin&d; to kill him, and ! then for want of somebody else, she would speak '? to me. We fought, and I beat him senseless. Then *= I took him round the lake so that he could not \ come and speak to the dead woman, and hung him ! on the tree while his senses were dead; and Plutus I watched me and bowled. But the womaii never | spoke to me, and I got so lonely that I tried to find the gorge to get out again and find the horses 1 wo had left But I could never find it. The blacks ! must have closed it up somehow. Then I remem~ i ber no more, only that I lived here with Plutus.' J This was the substance of his story, ana Ers kine ami I had before us the strange evidence of the mummified coipse, the gold and rubies, and the stagnant lagoon, besides the deaa man ana the dog. He never rallied, and our coining seem- : ed to have snapped the thread of bis mad life. We buried him and the aog beside the body of his ] mate, whom he had murdered. As for the muihiny, j we left it in its sepulchre, the cave, as fittest. But I the rubies and goia we took. We searched 1 throughout that strange basin, but found nothing more, and could ©n!y believe ihat there was some strange tincture of tr^ith in the madman's yarn, and that some ancient race had lived and been entombed in that strange valley, ana the rotting waters ^ -the lake alone remained to mark their grave. This happened in the early days of the overland line, and none, as Car as I know, have found the place since. 