INTIMATE STRANGERS. SUPPOSE a man to have live fifty years without ever having sesn the reflection of his own face. Now lead him before a mirror and let him have a look. He will, of course, recognise the outlines and general, appearance of his body; but his features will be as new and strange to him as those of a person he has never before met. Yet he has worn that mask all his life; has touched it with his hands times beyond counting; has by means of it expressed the feelings and passionB of half a century; has heard its peculiarities remarked upon by others—yet, bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh as it is, the glass presents it to his gaze as a novelty. Fortunately Nature has so made us that we are commonly satisfied without looks, otherwise this man, might curse the hour he first beheld his own countenance. On a page of a book which lies on my table this bright morning is a picture which —were it published without title or description—probably the most of us wonld not understand; yet the -original is vitally important to every human being. No mirror throws back its structure to the eye, nor has the owner ever laid hands on it. Nevertheless its name is daily on our lips, and on its faithful performance of duty largely depend our efficiency and hap- Still, people are continually alluding to it in words of wailing and complaint. Tbey find no end of fault with-it when it goes wrong, and when it goes right seldom pay ii the compliment of doing good wort "The way of the-wbrld," you -remind me; ^alasl the way of the world." Forexample, here is one who Bays that in tbe early part of 1890 she began to snSer from a bad stomach and indiges ion. Now the stomach tries to be good and not bad. It makes constant and mighty efforts to accomplish its task and so furnish the rest of the body with health, strength, and beauty; but it often fails dismally, and then its owner characterises it as a "bad" stomach. Now who, or what is accountable ? Continuing, our correspondent adds; ''I had no relish for food, and after eating I bad pain at the chest and sides. Whatever kind of food I took nothing agreed with me. I made use of various medicines in hopes of relief, but none of them did me any good. At last a neighbour, Mrs Tyrell, told me how ehe had benefitted -having had the same complaint—by Mother S6igel's Syrup, and recommended me to try it. Somewhat encouraged by' what she said, I procured a bottle of this remedy, and soon found that it relieved me e£ nothing else had done. I could eat better, all food agreed with me, and I felt better every way!. Since that time—now four years ago—I have kept welj, taking an occasional dose of the Syrup when I seemed to need it My daughter suffered from the same trouble, and Mother Seigel's Syrup had the like good effect in her case. Tort are at liberty to make any use yon like of this statement."—(Signed) Mrs Elizabeth Naulty, Foresters' Arms Inn, 96, Scouiingburn, Dundee, July 2nd, 1897. This lady's stomach did not become "bad" of "malice prepense and aforethought," as the lawyers say of certain criminals. The cause lay in the conditions of her life, her habits of eating, may be—with, possibly, inherited weakness. There are so many things,and combinations of things that tend to produce or develop dyspepsia, it is hard to trace them in individual instances. The symptoms (or consequences), however, are more numerous, dangerous, and deceptive than the uninstructed imagine. It is for this reason that so great a multitude of alleged "dyspepsia remedies" are prepared. But the "bad" stomach having been slow to abandon duty sod strike work, does not respond to any and all sorts of drugs that may be thrown hopefully- into it. The cure must be -adapted to the disease, and it there is a medicine which so perfectly meets this requirement as Mother Seigel's Syrup, the world has not heard of it. The tired and inflamed organ receives it for the genuine stimulus and healer that itis^-and the "bad" stomach is changed back into a good one. You now gness what that picture on my table represents - a machine in your body you will merer see, but which in other ways you may Btudy andknow more about. Frederick G. Joy, liquidator and legal manager, has mysteriously disappeared from Melbourne and is believed to have left for America. He was . sole liqnidator -of the General Finance Co., and it has been found that the remaining assets, valued at £600. have been nearly all realised, and the cash not accounted for. As There is no money left to take action the police have not been called upon to render assistance. Daring a recent storm's thnnderbolt, resembling a ball office, and leaving behind it « dense icloird of salphuroosEmoke, fell, into the cowyard of Hr P. Lynch,of Strathmerton, during milking operations. A man named John Donovan,'who was milting at the time, was completely prostrated, s cow was thrown down, and the milk cans rattled as though there, had been an earthquake. According' to a'message from Blayney (N.S.W.), some consternation hasjbeen caused amongst the miners at the copper mines by the visitation of a ghost in one of the shafts. The men hear strange noises of bdls ringing, sighing, groans, Sc. It is also'Baid that the 'miners on jping below have thfeir candles extinguished by the visitor,' and some of the men allege that something ..uncanny brushed past them. Six of the men have left the mine owing to the 1 terror the"ghost" has inspired. "i- 