After Dinner Stories. THE BISHOP AND THE GHOST. I called one .winter's day, writes the Bishop of Ballarat, in the current number ot the FIRESIDE, while rector in a large parish of England, at the residence of a merchant—a new and extensive house, elaborately fitted with gas stoves and brackets, and all recent appliances. Upin being shown into the dining room, where all the family were 'assembled, I at once saw that something n-ai wrong. Soon the story was told me- There was a ghost. It was believed a girl had been immured in the basement of the next boose, which was in the course of construction. "Ofcourse, v 1 said, "you have com mnnicated with the police ?" Yes," was the reply, " and a policeman was on duty to try and get at her. ' Bat it is no good." The servants had all given noticp. and nobody knew what to do about the ghost. I went down to where tha noise seemed to eome from, and, after returning, suggested that I should be allowed to control tbe family domestics an.l house for half an hour. Permission was grained. I th-n had a talk wiib two servants. Afterwards, with the family. I went down to the cellar, while the fearful groans continued. " Avaur.t," I cried, in a loud voice, " Abracadabra ,1 charge thee to abate these wailing*." Slowly tbe noise died n way. "Aldiborontophoscnphornio!" I ehonted -again. "Chrononiutonthologrs ! Now raise thy voice as loud as thou canst raise it." Once more the groans waxed louder and louder, reaching &ncl;) a climax th it my companies turned to bolt, but a loud peal at the door bell transfixed them with sadden terror. Then bi9 lordship explained. The horrible cries were caused by the pa?. A small piece of grit had got into the t)ipe, and the gas going over this had crea?ed the row, which, as the quantity turned on inc.-e ise-I, grew in force. The servants had, at my reqessf, first lowered all the lights, and when I ehoute<? "the second time, iurne.1 all on full, producing the iiU:r»S8ing noise. The pis fitter soon removed the obstructio •, and nothing more was heard of the ghost. Patronise T. HOOD AND CO/S Q r Circulating Library Dopog.'t a'.A Exchange c 