Coolgardie Exhibition. The time is fast approaching for the opening of the Coolgardie Exhibition, and we have not heard of any st< being taken to have this , district represented. It is true that the committees formed some time ago to assist the afiair were totally ignored when the reconstruction of the management took place. Whether the Commissioners or their secretary was to blame is not for us to know, but it is certain that committees were formed in Black Flag and Broad Arrow at the request of Mr. G. Williams, the secretary of the exhibition, and that after their formation they could get no information, because the heads of the affair had not the ghost of an idea how to go about their work. When onfeide assistance was called in those who had enthusiastically taken up the work were totally ignored. The Commissioners now have no claim on their assistance, but it would be a pity for the district to be quite unrepresented. Probably some of the larger mines will see that reason why the mines of the Broad Arrow goildfield should not unite in exhibiting samples of their mineral wealth. Such samples might comprise not only gold, for we have seen telluride, silver, copper, lead, iron, asbestos, hornblend, aragonite, and a score of other minerals, either useful or ornamental, besides rocks that have not, been identified in other parts of the colony. The Commissioners, or some of their committees, do not appear to givè every satisfaction, even in Coolgardie itself. During the week 1 we have heard of tenders being called for certain work, and instead of giving the work to a tenderer, it was given to a firm in which " one of themselves " was interested, at the lowest tenderer's price. There are, it is true, a number of the Coolgardie notables who would consider they had been caught napping if they did the straight or honorable thing. These things of course are done behind the backs of the ' men of honor and standing, but re nevertheless done. Nofcwithtanding these or any other drawbacks, e wish, for the sake of the fields, to ee the exhibition a success, apd would ike to see the mineral wealth of the rrow field well represented. 