Muswellbrook Farmers' Association. Tin: quarterly mooting of the above was hold in the School of Arts 011 Wednesday afternoon. There were present, Messrs. 15. Cowan (President), R.Noble, W. Ireland, J. Phillips, G. Clark, I'- McMabon, C. J, Spratt, a!}d | L;, Budden (Acting Secretary), The minutes of the previous meet ing having been read and confirmed, I accounts wore read amounting to 1 The accounts were received 011 the motion of Messrs. 1'iiiilips and Clark ; and passed for payment, on the motion of Messrs. Noble and Phillips. At this stage the meeting came to a standstill, owing to the absence of the quarterly report ; and some strong expressions of opinion were- vented at the expense of the Secretary, who (the President said) if he could not attend £3 l8s mo meeting nimscn, should have luid the report ready foi them, and not have them sitting there like mummies, with their lingers in their mouths Mr. C. J. Spruit then arrived, u.id handed in Ins report, which showed the total sales as : January, .£114 4s ijd ; February, ,£131 os 1 id ; March, £116 4s 3d ; grand total, £461 ys lod, an increase of £111 as'compared with the corresponding period last year. 'The President said he considered the report very satisfactory. Con sidering the dry weather an increase of £111 spoke well for the conduct of the sales. Mr. Spratt said that the increase was to a great extent due to the large quantity of fruit received from Singleton and Ravensworlh ; there was also an item of £30 Irom cattle sales. During the past 2 or 3 weeks the sales had fallen ridiculously low, and he thought it would be almost farcical to continue the two sales a week now that the fruit was done. Saturday was undoubtedly the best saic day. Me would like to see their Association become affiliated with the Central Association, through which lliey could ventilate any grievances. The farmers wcrccooperatingto prevent themselves from being imposed upon by the Sussex-Street salesmen. They should not.be behind the limes ; but should join the Central Association at once, and have a voice in all matters of interest to them. The Chairman said he thought Mr. Spratt's suggestion was a step in the right direction. Mr. liudden also approved Mr. Spratt's suggestion. The farmers on the rivers had found it necessary to co operate, and provide their own store for the disposal of their maize, in consequence of the gigantic swindling of the auctioneers. Delegates ap pointed from different districts, met 111 Sydney and formed an association, which will meet alternately in the dif ferent districts. The whole of the shares of the company were bought up by maize growers. This was a step in the right direction —wherever the co ■operativc system had been adopted by the grower it had proved suc cessful; Mr. Spratt said they should not only look at the matter as in the growers' interests; but if they had any com; plaint to make they could make them through the Central Association. Eventually the whole colony would be a formers' association ; the pastoralists and farmers as sepcrate bodies was now a thing of the past. The farmers had been had for hundreds of pounds by dishonest salesmen, Muswellbrook was a very old association, and they should join the Central Asssociation. Ho had been in communication with Mr. J. J. Miller, the Secretary of the Central Association, who was prepared to give them all necessary information. He suggested that a special meeting be called to discuss the matter. Messrs. Budden, Noble, and the Chairman spoke m favor of the sug gestion, and it was resolved, on the motion of Messrs. Phillips and Ireland, to request Mr. Spratt to write to Mr. Miller, and invite him to deliver an address at a special meeting to be held on a date to be agreed upon, with a view to their joining the Central As sociation. The auctioneer's report was received and adopted, on the motion of Messrs. liudden and Phillips. After further discussion it was de cided to continue with the two sales a week ; and the meeting rose. At Assouan on February 25ill the Duke ofConnaught laid the foundation stone of the new English Church. In performing the ceremony his Royal Highness said:—" It is with great pleasure that I lay the foundation stone of this Church, the furthest south in Egypt, which will be a great godsend to our countrymen and our brethren from the United States who continue to conic in 111 increasing numbers to Egypt. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost I lay this first stone of St. Mark's Church." In reply to an address read by Colonel Esdaile welcoming the royal party, the Duke said that he felt great pleasure in seeing a work approaching com pletion which would be a blessing to his countrymen and to the incicasing numbers of American visitors. At the close of the service the Duke, tele graphed to the Queen. His Royal Highness subscribed ,£25 to the church fund. The trowel used was fashioned out of a Dervish spearhead. 