THE POLO TOURNAMENT. CHALLENGE CUP ROUNDS. CAMPERDOWN (VIC.) DEFEATS SYDNEY. Tho second round of tho challenge cup tourna ment was played at Kensington racecourse yes terday afternoon, tho competing teams for a place In tho final being Campcrdown (Vic.) and Sydney. Tho former team, it will bo remembered, beat tho Now Zealanders, under Captain Baker, twice In succession, during tho recent tour of tho Maorilandcrs through Australia, and were, in fact, tho only team which at once stopped tho victorious march of tho Manawalu (N.Z.) chauipious. As tho New Zealand team had already, a fortnight previously, vanquished a combined team of Cam den and Sydney players, It was felt that it would, therefore, require tho infusion of strong blood with Dodds and "Watson to glvo tho Manifold Brothers much trouble, especially considering tho condition of tho ground. A. S. Boucher and J. J. Garvan were tho men chosen, and although Garvan played a rattling game, tho issuo was never in doubt. Any brilliant play came from Watson, whose defence was superb, and ho was well backed by Dodds, who was in rather better form than when playing against Baker's team. A feature of tho match was tho magnificent rushes of tho Manifold Brothers, whoso dash never fiagged, and whoso brilliancy in all tho matches in which thoy havo taken part stamps thoni as probably tho finest polo players in Australia. Teams. — Camperdown: J. C. Manifold, E. Mani fold, W. T. Manifold, and R. S. Murray. Sydney: A. J. Dodds, A. S. Boucher, J. J. Garvan, and T. Watson. Six ten-rainuto spells wero played, and willow balls wero used in preference to bamboo, suiting the ground better on account of tho condition of tho grass, which was rather long for good polo. W. T. Manifold oponcd with a smart stroke, which was cleverly followed up to within fifty yards of tho northern goal posts, but Watson was on tho alert, and stopped tho rush, tho ball being headed for homo in Garvan's charge. The latter responded with a sldo stroke, but J. C. Manifold took tho ball, and passing it along to Murray, tho latter seut tho while fiag up within three minutes of tho initial play. A change of position, although uphill, apparently made no difforenco to Camperdown, whoso captain (J. C. Manifold) got tho ball, and by a phenomenal run, invaded his opponents' territory, was on the point of scoriug when Watson again saved his sldo by cautious play. Loose play, punctuated with cries of "offside" from Syd ney, now ensued, Murray sending the ball to E. Manifold, who collided with Boucher, and. both missed. A scrimmage followed in favor of Camperdown, out of which W. T. Manifold ob tained possession, and being missed by Watson, whose pony did not respond to tho turn, added another goal to the visitors' total. Upon re suming, Watson exhibited splendid powers of defence, and for a time both he and Dodds pre vented their opponents making any headway. This portion of tho spoil was of a particularly lively nature, and presaged better things for Sydney. But a scrimmage resulting, the Vic torian captain got the ball, and getting clear away, made a rather awkward uttempt, and only secured a behind. From tho hit-in E. Manifold got on a brilliant rush, hut was cleverly stopped by Watson, whose stroke gave a chance to tho Victorian captain. Dodds, however, quickly de fended, and was making a splendid home, when Captain Manifold's pony proved too fast, a'nd tho ball went high In the air to W. T. Manifold, who, snatching his opportunity, ran in on red colors. The hit-in resulted in Boucher sending the ball out to neutral territory, where J. C. Manifold making u brilliant stroke, got tho willow almost to within 20 yards q£ scoring. Dodds,' by splendid play, however, saved his side, and a run up the field saw some hard-fought scrimmages in tho Camperdown territory. The. pressure, however, was soon relieved by Murray, who sent the ball scudding down tho wet grass to J. C. Manifold, who was never stopped, and raised tho white flag just as tho hell sounded. Camperdown, three goals two behlnds; Sydney, nil. Sydney livened up considerably at tho commencement of tho second spoil, Garvan being very prominent, and at times even brilliant in defence. Watson stopped several fast rushes by W. Manifold, hut tho Camperdown player was not to he denied, and eventually, avoiding the ever- watchful Watson, gave a lead to his brother Chester, who succeeded in sending tho hall fair between the flags. Upon resuming, Dodds made a brilliant run, hut had to yield to the charge of W. T. Manifold, who got away, but was captured by Watson. Tho Sydney defence by this time seemed to be Improving, but they. could not stop the repeated attacks ot tho Manifolds, one of whose ponies became exhausted, and had to be quickly changed. The temporary loss of a man, howover, seemed little to affect the result, the Camperdown men holding their own until rein forced. A good deal of loose play on the Sydney border gave Dodd an excellent opportunity, which was quickly seized, and play carried into tho visitors' territory. From a scrimmage, however, a foul resulted, and Camperdown obtaining a free,, the red flag was once again raised for tho black and white just on the close of time, tho ;spell ending:— Camperdown, 4 goals 3 behinds; Sydney, 1 'behind."- A change of ponies saw Watson much In -evidence, but- his brilliant strokes wore not well backed up, and the visitors for a time rested upon a plan of cool defence, apparently content ing thenisolvos with well-directed return. A series of scrimmages now resulted, during which the ball was mostly in neutral territory. Dodds sev eral times inado an effort to get away, but could qot break the Manifold barrier, and, yielding on the apprqach of E. Manifold, the willow found its way towards tho goal-post, but only a behind re sulted. Camperdown followed up the advantage gained from the hit in, and continually pressed their opponents, the play centreing almost on tho gaol line. Dodds, howover, by a really splendid turn, got the ball away, and literally left tho field behind him. He was closely watched by the visiting captain, who, however, was too late to prevent another behind being added, to the Sydney score. J. C. Manifold took the ball straight from tho hit in, and performed exactly tho same feat as Dodds, going right to the other end, and raising the red without once being tacklod. This was followed up by brilliant forcing upon tho part of tho Manifolds, who wero now apparently in tho humor for scoring quickly — a usual feature in all tho matches in which they happen to engage— and from a clean stroke by Watson, W. T. Mani fold made a fast run and sent the ball once more In tho right direction, tho goal being an exceed ingly fine shot, fair in the centre. Upon resum ing, tho centre was left once more for a visit to Sydney territory, and W. T. Manifold again get ting possession, another behind resulted for Cam perdown. Sydney appeared to be unable to re cover, and the ball being kept In hand, W. T.c Manifold added' still another nomanal point before tho bell rang. Camperdown, 5 goals 7 behinds; Sydney, 2 behinds. In the fourth spell, Watson quickly worked tho. ball out of a scrimmage, but was again blocked by W. Ti Manifold, whoso runs were apparently too fast for the Sydney men, and in three minutes from tho start another goal resulted in favor of the visitors. This was, ot course, followed by a change of position, which gave the Sydney team a downhill advantage, hut thoy were unable to got tho ball away, and E.' J. Manifold smartly dodging Murray had a clean run home, once moro raising tho whito colors for bis side. . Garvan now made a fine attempt to retrievo tho fortunes of Sydney, but was soon in trouble to E. J. Manifold, who passed to J. C. Manifold, and another clear run resulting, the third goal of the spell was registered. Dodds took the ball at tho change, and a tine rush was made by Garvan, Dodds, and Boucher, who carried the hall right along to what seemed certain result, when E. Manifold with a side rush screwed the willow clean away from them, and with a fast curvilinear run placed the bail between the flags. Tho change brought on a series ot scrimmages, and some decidedly off- side play, hut J. C.. Mani fold getting possession left tho field and added another goal for Camperdown. This, with a be hind following on a fast run by Murray, ended the spell. Camperdown, 10 goals S behinds; Syd ney, 3 behinds. The fifth spell was fast and furious at tho start, W. T. Manifold getting tho ball from Boucher and running clean away with it to dangerous territory. He was stopped by Garvan, who, howover, made a short lilt, and W. T. Manifold making a quick recovery shot round swept the willow between tho posts. An other behind quickly resulted to the visitors, and for. a time Sydney seemed to ho completely de moralised, their opponents simply running away with tho hall .when they liked. Four behinds were added In quick succession, and tho snell ended — Campcrdown. 11 goals 13 behinds; Syd ney, 3 behinds. Tho last spell was played with little vigor on tiie part of the Sydney team, who had apparently yielded up tho ghost, and two more behinds and a goal lilt by W. T. Mani fold ondod tho game, the final result being — Cam pcrdown, 12 goals 15 helilnds; Sydney, 3 behinds. Tho final contest— Tamarang v. Camperdown— will tnlco place at Kensington on Monday next, tho gymkhana on Tuesday, and the combined match — Nov South Wales y. Camperdown — at Centennial Park on Wednesday. 