Some English Ghosts. There Is at any rate one ghost in T/-n- don, for the first Lord Holland is said ti- walk the Sir Joshua Room in Hol land House with his head In his hand —a very fashionable ghostly proceeding —on certain nights of thu year ; and it is a known fact that there :ire many houses which never have ibeen let never ,nre let, and never will ho, let for any length of time on account of uncanny traditions associated with therm. The pi-ople who take these houses are ready enough to stay, but no iservante will stay, aud so they arc driven elsewhere. No stranger to Hpgonn .was ever shown Pit Place fliy a native without being told the 'Wicked' Lord Lyttelton's ghost-story— the .white bird which flut tered 'at his window on the night of 24th Novcunfher, 1770, changing into a whlte-roTied woman, who approached JheXoot'of his bed, and told him that he would *be dead In three days, which ac tually hnpipened. Sussex, which of all the home counties lias retained its old characteristics the most, lias a good many ghosts who are still realities in the eyes of the rustics of that llttle- vislted district, which was once the centre of England's Iron indus try. There la oW Oxeutorldge of Brede Place. There is the headless man of St. T-eonard's Forest, known as Squire Pau lett, who jumps upon the crupper of a horseman entering the forest, and re mains there until clear of It. There Is the Drummer of Hursrmonceaux. Black dogs— a favourite shape assumed by ghosts all over Rngland— haunt all dark lanes and lone by-roads, aud under many a sequestered wooden bridge a headless woman may be seen spinning ; whilst on the old cattle-road 'between Kingston, near lA-wes, and the Marshes, known as the Drove Way, a goblin may lie seen on 'any dark; ? wild night. In cessantly spinning charcoal I , The same species of ' general' ghosts, as Hiey may be called, ts recorded by Mr. Rye. the Norfolk topographer, to be strongly developed In 'his county. There is the pale, long-haired woman, who runs shrieking amongst the pita on Aylmerton Heath. There is the great black 'Shuck Dog' ?— the-'woWl 'Shuck' said to mean (he devil— who at Coltlshall Bridge Is head less, and at Salhouse has a 'blazing eye in the centre of his iforenead, and who has a brother at Peel Castle in the Isle of Stan, the spirit of a murdered pris oner, known as the Mautbe Dog. But the luSstorlcal ghosts are more interest ing olbjectis of study. In this same coun ty of Norfolk, says Mr. Rye. young Lord Daere. who was murdered in 15(55 by his guardian, Slr- IWohard Pulmerston. who arranged that a rocking-horse on which the boy sat should fall, still prances about on a (headless, of course) cooking-horse. Anne Boleyn sun rides down the avenue, of BlickJing Park once a year, fn-ii iiearee-like coach, drawn by four iheadless horses, and driven by a- headless driver, with her head in her lap ; and her father. Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Calstor Castle there in another- coach and headless tea'ni, and yet another near Great Mel ton. This last rises from a pool every midday and midnight, and with its load of four headless, driipplug. wliite- robed ladies passes slowly round the field and sinks again : and tradition says that at this spot. Inns ago; a bridal party were upsel Into this pool and never seen again. Then there is the Cray Lady of Rain ham— not to be confounded with Hie Brown Lady of Halnham in ^Durham— who represents T-ady Dorothy Walpole, forced, it is said, to marry Tjord Towns end in 1713. A flnmly believed-in coach-ghost Is that of Tiady Howard, daughter and heiress at Sir John Pita of Fltsrford. In Devonshire, about H500, who, Mr. Bar ing- Gronld says, travels nightly from Okehjwupton Castle to Fitzford Gate, Xavletiod;,, In -a 'coach of bones, pre cisdeij ^y.^pMntpm £og. Gafcaa;C.raaa«!lrJs'i iwell-known Es sex ghost He^as famous in the mid dle or the last century as Jerry I-ynch #he highwayman, ?who with the pro ceeds of his exploits, built Lap water Hall, near LeVgh. so called because, upon the application of the workmen for dririk, he *-lo- them 'lap water.' He was run to earth In Ms new house, wounded, and -drowned In the pond to which he had directed the flilnsty work men's attention, and lie Is still believed to be seen on wild nights, bandy-legged, and mounted on an earless mare, fleeing from his pnrsuere as they came from Shenfleld. Tngrave, Horndon, Lalndon, and PItsea. Manntngton Hall, the residence of the Walpoltf, Karis of Orford, has Its ghostly associations. Horatio, eecona eafl. removed all the tombstones of the Kealmers, the former possessors of .the Hall, from Wlcfanere Ohurch, and one of the 'buried ladles 1b still believed to walk~roijnd the churchyard. To atone fo* the sacrilege, every Earl of Orford at' his burial was driven In bis hearse ghjree times round .WJckmere Ohurch wkore bSng flriiulyiaid to rest Very well known Is the stile at Llttle cote. nearMarlborongh, on the oia Bath road, wiherat Wild Par roll, the principal In the terribly welra tragedy at Wttle cote Hall, is still believed to be seen, fol lowed by 'his howling bounds, ae on (?he day when he met his death here— riding madly along, reckless in his con science torture, and confronted by the apparition of a babe burning In a flame. AH -the unhappy ladles of history 'wa-lk'' Alnn of Oleves paces up and down the gallery 1-earing her name In Heyer Oastje ; Fair Rosamond, walks on the rlyer-ibank n* Godstow :' Aimy BofnsHi'l on the side of Cuinnor ; Mary, Queen of- Scots, nt Fothoringhay. At Apethorpa, 'the. Karl or Westmoreland's seat. In Northamptonshire, Lady Grace, wife of the ffitat 'earl, walks in a corri dor, scattering sllvnr pennies as she goes ; but Jibe pennies are air, and woe to uta who tflfes to teat tJielr solidity— jso. say, nnd^prybaWy believe, the good Trtlk' around; : ? In the romantic North Country these poor-' rtfrfmeu:--; abound. There Is the Brown Lady of Rainliam-etntely In coif and rich 'brocade, but eyeless. ''fliere; !s 'Silky' of Denton:Hatt7-,near JNowchstle, In a flowered, long-walsfod satin gown and a satin hood. There is the White Lady of Sklpsea Castle; Lady Derwentwater of DllBton Castle ; the Gray Woman of WHllngton ; Meg of Meldon In a broad 'hat; the White Lady Blenklnsop, who still wails over a chest of gold, tbe cause of all tbe un liaipptneas of her married life, cum multls aids. Tilie famous Oauld Lad of Hyltou, on ' the river Wear, was only ' laid' during the last century, but his wall, ' I'm cauld 1 I'm cauld 1' has been aworn to as heard at a much later date ! He was not quite a stock ghost of the silent, gliding type, but woe more of a brownie or pixie, working bard In the kitchen during the nlghj; If the maids were sluggards— very' much con trary to Hie usual rule of his kind. The Gray Man of Belllstcr Is another tpeJl-knonvn KorHi Country ghost. His original was a wandering minstrel who called at the castle.' which Is near Haltwhistle on the South Tyne, was admitted, and pleased the Blenkinsctp owner for a time, until he got suspicious that the poor old gray-clad singer was n spy from a neighbour baron with whom lie was nt fend. The minstrel got wind that he was suspected, and stole away. Blenlklnsop sent bloodhounds after him. aud he was torn to pieces. This hap pened In 1470. and the Gray Man Is still spoken of in a district by no means behind the age in refinement, in telligence, and eSucnilon. (Cortiy Cas tle, near Carlisle, has been modernised, but in its wainscoted, tapestried 'Ghost Room' the Radiant Boy still walks. At Ohilllngham Castle In Northumber land there was also a Radiant Boy. un til -.the skeleton of a boy found in one of the bedroom walls, not very long ngo. was buried, and then he disappeared ; nnd at Coatham In Yorkshire, popular tradition speaks of a shining child who vanishes when ipunsucd. Apropos of ghostly children, a pretty tradition Is connected with a certain West Country hbuse, to the effect that every cold morning is seen on the win dow the scribbling of little fingers, not K-,Peu™aced by any amount of rnl»blng. — Ohambers's Journal.' Abridged. 