MEETING AT CAMPBELLTOWN. ADDRESSES BY SIR GEORGE DIBBS AND MR. C. G. HEYDON. UNANIMOUS VOTE AGAINST THE BILL. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) CAMPBELLTOWN, Friday.— A largo and re presentative meeting of residents of the town and district was held In tho town-hall to-night, when addresses wore delivered by Mr. C. G. Heydon, Q.C., M.L.C., and Sir George Dlbbs. Alderman Sedgwick, Mayor, and president of the local Anti-Bill League, occupied tbo chair. Both speakers had very cordial receptions. Mr. Heydon referred to the. fact that although tho Convention BUI was accepted last year by three of tho colonies, they had not gone on with Federation. They were authorised to do so under lite Act, but had not taken the slightest step towards that eud. Tho reason was simply he- cause New South Wales was not joining in the scheme. They had been told by the Melbourne "Age" the reason tbo colonies which accepted the bill did not federate was because the revenue pro blem would prevent them federating without the assistance of tho revenue-producing colony of New South Wales. Let them suppose a coirutry- nian going to Sydney and meeting with a plausi ble man, who suggested a name of "Nap." Two other friends of the Sydney man wero intro duced, but tho countryman became suspicious and doclined to play. Did tho other three play amongst themselves. (Laughter and applause.) This colony was in the position of tho country man — It had all tho money. (Applause.) Dealing with the Constitution, he point ed out that the Senate was practically co-equal with tho House of Representatives. The bill said that the Senate had only the., power of suggestion, but ho showed that the "suggestion" was really no different from the amendment. Quoting from the ofllclal reports of the Conven tion, he showed that Mr. lteid had himself as serted that the power of suggestion was very much tlie same as the power jjf amendment. Mr. Carrutliers had also told them that under the hill tho Senate would bo b'y far the stronger House. There could he no doubt that was a fact, and tbe provisions by which it was proposed j by Mr. Reld to secure the will or tho people and orevail eould not bo successful. Before tho Secret Conference, It was provided iu the , Joint sitting of two Houses tlint tlirce-fifths of the members present at the voting was sufficient to pass a disputed bill. Now an absolute majority of the total number of members was to be ob tained. If thero were 82 moiubers present, out of 94, in a joint sitting, that would he a very large House, and tho mojorlty required under the two bills was practically exactly the same. If there were less than 82 present. >"« iwijuu cu uiiuci L1JC oeCrOc Conference Bill was greater than under | tho three - fifths provisions. The last proposal was perhaps a slight improvement, but even with this change, It would be an act of mad ness for this colony to go Into Federation. (Ap plause.) Tho financial scheme simply meant that tho taxation of Now South Walos would he level led up to that of tho other colonies. Extra taxa tion would bo put on simply to give tho Federal Treasurer a surplus. This surplus would never get back to those who contributed It. At tho end of fivo years tho bookkeeping system would bo stopped, and thero would be then no chance of tracing the money. The surplus provided by New South Wales was tbou to ho at the disposal of Iho Federal Parliament, and they could easily imagine where It would go when tills colony's representatives could always bo out-voted. (Ap plause.) In regard to the location of the capital, tho bill said It should ho In New South Wales, but this was a mere bald statement to tlie Federal j Parliament. The capital would for all tlino bo in Melbourne. (Applause.) Events had proved that those who opposed tho hill last year had j guided the people of this colony aright. Their opponents at that time said that I If this Constitution wero rejected Federation would bo killed. Now, these same men admitted that the amendment to tlie Constitution was an Improvement on tlie other one. This ndmissiou brought tho peoplo of this colony to the views | put forward by tho party which urged prudence and moderation beforo hastily accepting the Con stitution which had been framed In snch a one sided way. (Applause.) Now South Wales had been betrayed. The Premier had been hood winked, and they should do tholr best to provent the Constitution being accepted, so that they could get a better one. (Applause.) He con- I eluded by moving — "That this meeting, while fa- | vorable to Federation, Is of opinion that tho pre sent bill is prejudicial to the best Interests of Now South Wales." (Loud applause.) Sir George Dlbbs seconded the resolution. IIo said tho bill was a scries of pitfalls. Tho whole thing wsb a job from start to finish. (Applause.) Tho Colonists' Anti-Bill League had been endea voring to get from the statistician's olllce rcllnblo and official details as to the cost of Federation. It could bo given them In 24 hours, but the Pre mier said ho declined to allow tho Information to bo published. Now tho Postmaster-General was trying to prevent the truth about tbls bill being made known to tho people In the country districts. Negotiations wero In progress to send out to tho pooplo In tho country 300,000 copies containing Dr. MaeLaurln's ablo speech, and some of tlio best things which had been written and said against this bill. Now, Mr. Varney Parties made a regulation designed to prevent llicni from car rying out their Intention. It was a wonder Ills fatlier'B ghost did not rise out of the gravo. (Laughter and applause.) Tills was a dellberato attempt to muzzle tlio peoplo who wero endeavor ing to prevent the colony from having a vory bad bargain forced upon them. (Applause.) This was a lawyer's bill. Since the boom time legal business bad been dull, but If Mils Constitution were accepted It would givo tlio lawyers work for years, and tlio peoplo would havo to pay for It. It was against Mr. Ileydon's Interest to spenlc against tho bill, because it would provide em ployment for three generations of Heydons. (Laughter and applause.) It was also a politi cians' bill. If they accepted this Constitution they would scarcely be able to throw a stono at a dog In tho street without hitting n member of Parliament. (Laughter and applause.) If thoy wanted that sort of thing, thoy could j vote for tho bill, but thoy should re- member that thoy would liavo to bear it for all tlmo. Iu considering what would bo tho attiLudo of tho peoplo in the other colonics In future, they should seo how they had behaved In tlio past. Victoria had endeavored to "sncalc to windward" of them on every possible occa sion. Quito recently, when tlio question of renewing a contract was under dlscus- cussion, tlio Victorian authorities Insist ed tlint Melbourne should bo the first port of arrival nnd last port of call. Tho contract was made behind Now South Wales, but, after nil, the vessels had to como on to Sydnoy to get coals. (Applause.) On tho taxation scheme thoy would have to pay three times what they wero doing now, and what would they got for it? Would they get one extra day's work for It? If they did, they would havo to give three days' wages for it. (Applause.) At tho present time, they had tho freest Constitution iu the world, and were they going to glvo it up for the sake of sonio empty sentiment. If they accepted tlie best atlvlco which could bo given thein tho answer would undoubtedly bo no. (Ap plause.) The motion was carried unanimously, amidst cheers. Although tho meeting lasted nearly threo hours, tho speakers secured a splendid hearing, tho closest attention being maintained throughout. 