(Copyright.) MY SILVER JUBILEE. BY LADY GILBEBT. Anthor of "Banshee Castle," " Hetty Grey," '" Four Little Mischiefs," "Gian netta," A&c.; Ac. I wal not at that time partner in the big establishment of Silver, Smith, and Co.. but, having made my character as a careful custodian of their valuables, I flattered my self that the cleverest swindler in London wouldt have to give it up if he were to try to play tricks on me. It was about noon on a bright day in the height of the season, when aclergyman of particularly gentlemanly bearing and elegant dress came softly into our shop, anl closed our swing door with a lightness of touch significant-rather of re finement than of levity. I thought, as le approached the counter, that I had never seen a more dignified mem ber of the Church establishment. ie had the type of face that suggests the cultured leisure of the cathedral close. So typical was he, that I felt almost sure I had met him before, and swiftly ran" over in my mind the few occasions on which I had hovered round circles.which would naturally be'graced by such a presence. His black clothing was as soft as silk, his hands were spotless. the hat he wore was perfect in its expression of a modesty which refrained from making claim for tie entire reverence due to the wider brim of an archbishop. " I wish," ho said, with a slight wave of the hand towards the glittering ,glass cases behind me, " to see some handsome articles of silver for the use of the table. In fact, I am in search of a wedding present for my daughter. She has already been overwhelmed with personal ornaments, and one hardly knows what to select." He put up his gold-rimmed eye-glass, an eye-glass so clerical that it seemed as though it had never been used before for any pur pose butreading the Bible, and stared mildly up and down the shelves on which jugs, tea-urns, candelabra, and all such pans phernalia in the most costly workmanship, were displayed. I promptly unlocked the doors and drew forth the treasures, and ranged them on the counter in front of himt. It was soon evident that he possessed an ex ouisite taste, for all the articles of more heavy and florid design were waved aside by him with a shudder of disapproval, while lie hovered over the more delicately-constructed vessels with a deprecatory smile of satis faction, which seemed to say that, in as far as his ascetic calling would permit, he was pleased .with these trifles, whlich were so manifestly of the frivolities and vanities of this lower world. As he discoursed about the merits and de merits of the various articles, in low, per suasive tones that suggested the pulpit, a carved and cushioned pulpit dominating aI silken-rustling audience, I found myself gradually coming under the spell of a singu lar fascination. Never had I met with a customer so intimately acquainted with, and so curiously well-informed on the subjects connected with that part of my businses which was after my own heart. I had tl ways had a taste for the more imaginative side of the metal-working art. and had even made some designs myself which had been thought to be arather successful. When my clerical customer mirmured' the namne of: Benvenuto Cellini almost as of ono he had known and loved. my blood was stirred, and I gave myself up to the enjoyment of one of the most delightful conversations I had ever engaged in. Having paid a hurried visit to Italy myself, it was yet new to ms to hear minute and technical descriptions of the antique treasures to be found in,for instance, the Florentine museums or the Vatican. F From these hle Ilitted lightly to the posses sion of art of this kind contaiued inEngland, even in unsuslectel quarters, as far as the genesal public is concerned. •' t myself have in my iands (as a sacred deposit of trust, of courso),' he said, " some of the most exqiuisite specimens of Churchi vessels. Popish relics, no doubt, but still ,-ertmable from an historic point of view, as well as intrinsically valuable in an extraord isairy degree-a chalice, candlesticks used on the private altar of the great Thomas a'sleckett. If you should be travelling at any time in my part of the country I should be mtost'happy to show you these curiosities." Snome words he let fall later on led me to the conclusion that he was Archdeacon t-,tetebndy and my curiosity as to his identity was considerably aroused. However, up to this point he gave me no information about himself, having all the time the manner of a man who was everywhere known, and who expected to be everywhere recognised. I concealed the fact that I did not recognise him, and hung on his words with the open admiration to which he was evidently accus tomed, though he accepted it with an air of modest deprecation. " But this will not help me through my business in London," he said suddenly, pull ing himself up. " I am in town only for the day, and have many things to do. It has been quite a temptation to talk to a man who is acquainted with these matters of rare and ancient art. I must really make my selec tion, however, and tear myself away-" Then came the business of choice, in which I am bound to say, he shiewed himself a master. He made a collection `f the moet dainty and elegant, as well as the most coatly articles in our establishment. "You will say I am extravagant," he said, with a smile. " Providence has endowed me with almost too large a share of wealthI-not altogether as revenue from thie Churi.h.bht a: good deal as patrimony.In seelf-defcnce.e,l may add that I do not always squander it in thisi very worldlyand vass-glorio us mnner. Bat? when one has an only daughter and ahw Is leaving one. also making an alliance witll ;a .noble house, well, one feels tthat one mitst not make her ashamed of her father." IMy memory involuntarily made an elirt to assure me whether or not I had heen the announcemcnt of the approaching iiarriag of a nobleman with the daughter of an Arch deacon, but I was unable to give attention to the subject, and merely reflected that very few brides have ever received a prettier gift of silver from a generous father, than the lady for whom this glittering collection had been made. " Noow," he said, when all was done ." I have somse other places to go, and I shall call back in an hour for my purch;~ses. I shall pay'cash at once, and I shall ask so"1 to' have the change of a bank-note for £500; thu articles come to £250,1 thllinik yo said. Q uite right, yes, I shall bring the note friom tlhe bank--Bank of England. It wll be more satisfactory than a cheque." I murmured profeesiunss of my unlhmittsd confidence in this delightful represeattattlve if [ may say it, of both fGod anuld laillon. However difficult it may be to re-te tIwo masters, here was one who had learnt hown ti do it. But thought coull he no more tIlan fleeting and fragmentary in compan- e, abI sorbing and so fascinating. As my customer left the shop I again admired the eleg;,nie of his liuure, the dignity of hie hearing, the seevr- pierrection of his clerical hablilments. I went to work to have the silver articles pa.cket. and was occupied during the whole of the prescribed hour in litting them ndatly into a very large box and i-nveloping them in clouds of :rafcty-ene?n ug nm;aterial, : Puncntlal to timte ilbi. lrl;raser li.t uo nrd. I saw him alight fronl a harns'rm and o~,nll for a momlerit uimaking solme urblnru renalrk to the cabby, who seeined tnwontedlly' well pleased with ihis fare, and 1 arlvtitced to wards the door to 'receive him with suitable empressement I retired behind the counter to count the notes and gold, aniournitrg to £250, which' I had provided as change foi' the note'for £500, whiclihad been duly depoSited in my hand. While doing so, prudence urged me strongly to ascertain that the note was a genuine one before parting with the money of the firm, yet it was with a twinge of remorse for the disloyalty of 5the suspicion tlat I despatched a trusted messenger to my bank with a line in writing asking to be satisiled with the honesty of the note. I kept my customer engaged in conversation until thle return of my envoy, who brought me the assurance that .1 had confidently expected. The note was as good as any ever issued by the Bank of England. I counted the two hundred and fifty pounds in notes andl gold into his hand, and, at Ihis request, sent a messenger for a cab to con vey him and tire box of silver to the rail way station. iHe had dismissed the han som of course, as a four- wheeler was neces sary for the nccommodation-of the box.. We were standing in the middle of the shop, the box was in waiting near the door, and while we talked I held the Bank of England note open in my hands. ily clerical customer's parting words were as interesting as all the rest that had fallen from his lips, and 1 was really rather regretful when the sound of a cab stopping at the door announced that my intercourse with himr was at an end. " Itwill give you my card," were his fare well words, presenting it to me, '" Arch-l deacon Sutherland, Venerable-Bede Hall, \- shire, and if you should ever care to see those interesting curios-the old chalice. in particular, is worth a visit--" The entrance of a policeman cut short the sentence. For soonre toments it was not apparent to me that' the advent of this per son had any connection with the.presence of the Archdeacou. even though I saw the big man in uniform walk up to my customer and fix upon his amiable countenance a solemn stare, which might easily be the result of the magnetic power of the latter in compelling ladlmiration. Not until the policeman e:tretchlled out a mighty arm and planted a rude hand familiarly on the Archdeacon's shoulder, saying. " You're the man I want," did I understand what the intruder meant. Thern. glancing rapidly backward over the entire transaction in which this worthy clergy. pman liad played a pa t, and with a re assur ing look at the bank note in my hand, I felt indignantly confident that this was a case of mistaken identity. " I've got you this time," the policeman went on. " and a nice dance you've led rue. I What's he been up to here ?" turning to me with the contempt. of a roan who is obliged to suspect everybody for one who has been too easily takeu in. " You smake a mistake-an unpardonable mistake," 1 began. " This gentleman who has completed a most satisfactory purchase is Archdeacon-? "Oh, I know," said the policeman quiitly. " So he's been doing the clerical, has he ? Last time he was an army colonel ; time he fore that it was a h'American millionnire. Stust say the clergy line is exceedingly be cumin' to him. Mlight as well have reached up to a, Bishoprieo when he was about it. The whole list of 'em' would 'be liaid set to flind a matcll for him in the lookin' of tile part." I glanced from this vulgar servant of the law to the calm countenance of the veneralble accused, who seemed to disdain all attempt at self-defence, only murmured as he turned his eyes upon me and elevated his brows : "It is quite too absolutely ridiculous ! The man must be intoxicated- " " This person, sir," said-the policeman, "is one of the most notorious swindlers we've got in Europe. There isn't a city that he hasn't grabbed in. An eel is afool to him in the way he has of slippin' through the fingers of the force." "At least he has done nothing wrong here," I remonstrated. " IHe has made a handsome purchase, and paid for it on the spot." "? fowdid he pay you for it ?" I held up the note which was still in my hand. "Hum ! Bank of England. Will you allow me to look a;t it ' Just as I'should have expected-a forgery i" " Impossible." I declared. " I have just received the assurance of the Bank that the note is a genuine one." The policeman smiled pityingly. " I know them bank gents," he said, " as easily taken in as yourself, sir, begging your pardon. It takes a man like me to detect the tricks of such as he. Let me take another look at the note." He took it from my hand and walked to the closed glass door to examine it. After a full minute he returned and placed it in my hand. " Keep it, sir, and be 'appy," he said. " If that's not a forgery I'll go to gaol myself for tile mortal remains of my life." I looked at the accused dignitary and saw that a change had now come over him. He glanced uneasily at the note, and turned green, and then white. "' Try to get him out of this, for God's rake," he whispered to lre, " and let me go I at no match for him. Give rile }lacik 'ay note, and I will give you your change, and leave you your silver- " Don't hrbe so frighterned, sir,"I said; " have courrrrgr'. tad al; s will be well." " oLthlr' easier than to prove your inrno cence before a magistrat'," said thie plice ma;. " I rut rhow about thoe other httl latterrs that you Ihavre Ibeen wIanted for? At all ,'vent. tIheres a ca;br waitin' for your;rt tihe door. anil you-lll have to Colle alonig. Ol, you would, would you?" ac the prnr Arch lc: onl tr~utggl 'd a:linsti tile disgrace of thie ihandselli forced ulorl birl. " I would rather aLt qlietiy In ;a respeecta;rle et;rblrshmentr hut I mtay t well tell you that there' a good: rlany oef ti force waitin' outside for a whistre frorr me, and we ctan lay Sou by tihe hieet., ;ud t;lae you th;at way if you prefer it." Hlearing this my unfortunate customer oub sided in ldespair, and r sufferrd himseif to be Ihandcufedri and crnducted to thie cab. S rNow, elr," said the policeman to me. " this is a big Ilusiness, andl you're a lucky nrn to have got ro furtherl irn it. You have this box of vilver put in thle eab. I'm goin' trr tuk tihe prisoner trelre the nlagis trate :It rrnee, andr tie silver must lr pro diceell:i r: r you will hatvtr to ;tccrolllany srt It, ewrrear tr yort r Itsrprty. Oh, itr .a brig bx! There wonrt bit rnolr forall of ts. Ylolr wirll Iha : t,, fillow rr I ill a eecond clab, arl, yollr tnuorL bring the litnk of Erngland note with r-r.rr L rorrglIt t',tr tre t.,re'r-rr '-f i: rtlrll the re t ,,f rir- tirrgr r evdlence. utt per hllapsi -'trl \r llll i e bettler satiefiedl to Lecp holi of it v.,rsrelf. I e:lrrt' nry hat. grav f ; - few huIrrierd in structions to eny stllorldirlates. anrl walked out of tilre dour just a a second ,.ab drove up, that which hiad reen sert for before tihe arrival of thre policeman. After a few re assuring words, spoken through the window of the tlrst cab to my poor archdeacon, who was as pale as a-ghost and looked ready to weep, nod`vith a satisfied look at the box of silver. which was carefully stowed on the seatbytlhe policeman, who kept his hand up ns it, I got into the second cab, giving orders to Ioe driver to keep the firatcab il view and to fllow on it closely. iMy reflections, as I was driving along, were curiously mixed. I was quite at case with regard to the property, for, not only was the silver in charge of the police, but I held in my possession the archdeacon's Bank of England note for £500. The £250 in the archdeacon's pocket were also in charge of the police. There could be no risk of 'loss to the firm even in case it should be proved that my fascinating archdeacon was indeed an unholy fraud. But I could not accept the possibility of such a conclusion to this ad venture. As we rattled through the thoroughfares I put my head out of the cab window from time to time to see that we were following closely on the other cab. and for a consider able time I had it well in view. At last the leading vehicle got a good way ahead of us, and though I thought I could still see it, I began to get a little uneasy. However, after another short interval my cabman pulled up. and assured me over his shoulder that a block of tradic had got between liim and the cab he was to follow,and that he had quite lost sight of it. " Never mind," I said, and gave him the address of the magistrate's court; " that is where we have to go. If you drive fast now you will overtuke them." After half-an-hour's further driving we arrived at the court. I jumped out of the cab, and gazed ar.und me. There was no appearance of another cab. or of my friend the archdeacon or of the policeman. I thouglht that if they had arrived first, some one would have been in waiting to direct me how to proceed, so concludcd that after all, we had made the better. speed, I lingered about the door for some time, and then I I went in to make enquiries. Nothing had ever been heard there of the persons I was in I pursuit of, and I hastened to tell my story to' the magistrate. On hearing the case stated he immediately asked to see the five hundred pound note. " I should say that your policeman was right," he said, " and that the note is a fraud." " But the Bank--" " I think you had better take it to the Bank," he suggested. I followed his advice, and the Bank pro nouncedthe note to be a forgery. I referred to the information sent me' only an hoar or so earlier as to this identical note. " This is not the identical note," was the reply. " An exchange has been effected.' " But it never left my hand," I protested, except for about a minute while the police man examined it," Tle Bank official looked grave. " It was a clever trick,"'he said. " But the policeman- " " A accomplice without doubt. I never heard of a more cunningly-devised swindle." Years have passed since I lost sight of that receding cab in a London thoroughfare, and no news of either Archdeacon or policeman has ever since reached me. The affair was a great difficulty in my rareer, but I outlived the misfortune, and can afford to speculate with good humour on the possibilities of the case. I still remember the Archdeacon with a kind of affection, and I never see the form Iof a tall, dignified ecclesiastic enter our place of business without a thrill of half- I expectation that here is my venerable friend returning to tell me the sequel of this tale, and to recount to me all he has suffered, since I saw him, at the hands of that ingeni- I oud and villainous robber-the pretended policeman. And at these Utomuents I am fain to put outof mind the glaring fact that inquiries made tnroughout -- shire had resulted in assuring me of the absolute non-existence of Archdeacon Sutherland. and the Venerable Bede-Hall, his interesting residence. (The Eud.) 