MEMS. FROM THE METROPOLIS. KROM OUR OWR CORRESPONDENT. J Sydnet, Tuesday. Tixe Promior is away in Molbourno putting boforo tlio Confctcnco of Premiers tho resolu- tiona of our Parliament regarding Fodorntlon. Whothor iio will aucccod or not remains to be seen. Tho gcnoral impression among those who aco furthurcst ia that tho other colonies, thinking that they have Mr. Reid on tlio hip, —calculating upon the small party majority he has in tlio Assembly and tho pretonco in Par- . lianicnt of Mr. Barton, as leader of the Op position,— will .not givo away anything, but stand by tlio conclusions of the Convention, thinking that tho Government will be forced to nccopt tlio Federation of tho Bill, by tlio pres- suro of publio opinion. If tho other Protniors adopt this course thoy will find themselves very much mistaken, for people havo changed their opinions considerably sinco June last. I do not deny there is a Ann feeling favourable to Federation, but tlioso who nine months ago would accept it at any price nro now as anxious ns thoso who then opposed tho Commonwealth Bill to make the bargain a fair and reasonable \- ono. It is recognised that if wo are to enter into partnership, tho dominant partner— for it is admitted that thoro can bo no Federation worthy the name without Now South Walos, —should luivoa loading voico in framing tho . articles of agreement. There is only one way by which union can be hastened, and that is by thoother colonics agreeing to tho demands of Now South Wales, as sot out in tho resolu tions and if those aro nob accepted, wo shall havo to fall back upon tho Fcdoral Council, which may not be a bad thing after all. It . will, at all ovunts, prepare for and oducuto us up to a perfect appreciation of tho larger and wider Federation of tho future. Sir Julian Salainons, our now Agent-General, has Bailed for Europe. Ho hns .tukon caroto have publicly contradicted tho rumour thut ho will not roturn to tho colony. He says ho moans only to remain in England twolvo months or a couple of years, and then relurn. Sir Julian find a long interview .with the From ior boforo ho loft, and ho alRo had a con- version with tho Export Board and tho Mini'tei for Mines and Agriculture, and thoro is no doubt ho has loft fully chnrgod with all . tho facts necessary for doing his nest in tho olfico. Whether he will be a success or not, of course it is hard to say, but you may bo 6iire that if Sir Daniel Cooper could tuanago matters fur twolvo months Sir Julian will find no dilii- cully. By the way, there is an impression abroad that Mr. Sydney Smith is also going to England, us a sort of commercial agent for the colony. Whether this is true or not cannot be said, but it is suspicious that at the AnaF inter view with tho Ministor for Agriculture which Sir Julian had among those who wcro present i was the ex- Minister for Minos. Wo havo a now Governor, and ho is young, rich, nml good-looking. Earl Boauchanip ( ts only 27 years of age, and he has the reputation of being smart. He nnulc a reputation at -Oxford, mid was president of the Union— tlio famous debating club attached to the Univer sity. His sister, Lady Mnry Lygon will, it is thought, ueeompuny his Excellency toSydnoy and pluy tho part of hostess at Government Lord Bvnuchnmp was present at tho N. S. Wales dinner held iu London on Anniversary Day, and made what the homo papers call a vigorous und manly speech. He is to lcuvo England in April next, tuid probably will havo an interview with Lord Hnmixlen wfion ho gets home. The latter leaves Sydney at tho end of v tho month, and will stay a few days in Mel- s bourne en route. Ill Tho Anniversary Holiday was observed with gjff all eclat in tho metropolis. One thing, how- over, old bunds doploro, and that is tho deal- deuce of the Regatta. In tlio years past this was tho great event of tlio year. It waa, in fnct, a kind of national affair, und tho harbour was alivo with boats, yachts, &c.; On tho shores wcro tents and booths, and tho crowds Vi'-r; that assembled round tho foreshores on all sides 'W were inimenso. But wo have lost our tnsto for aquatic siKU-lH, and tho Anniversary Regatta is now a very sickly and weak exhibition. That < on Thursday last was only a ghost of whut used to bo thirty years ago. 801110 old fogies wero prcsont who ielil tales of the past, and c/mpot — why Rnudwiok ami other phtees attract aoYnnnv devotees now nml the Regatta is forgotten am hardly recognised. Now times ' and new customs. Racing on land is now more in voguo than contests on the sea. Sir Joseph Ablmtt is away in New Zealand, on a health Rooking tour, and accounts re- auivuJ from him are very satisfactory. Writing to n Sydney fricml tlio other day, ho raid that his health was nil but restored, and he hoped to bo back in Sydney in it few mouths a new man altogether. .Should ho contiimo in the position of Speaker— and it is safe to nay ho will if liis health is restored— the vacancy of the chair wliieli litis been speculated upon will not exist, and tho little arrangements made, in view of the fact that ho meant to resign will fall to tlio ground. It was thought if Sir Joseph retired that Mr. Lyno would tako the Speakership. Some people suggested that Mr. Barton would accept tho position, hut I hardly think so, for the salary is not a big ono, and Accopling it, would greatly interior© with his bar practice, isover pariieumr uuoul mouuy or omolumcuti, Mr. Barton tiiuls now tliat if he is \ to keep his head, pecuninrly speaking, abovo water, lie must uttond to tho meaner necessities I of life. He can, if he likes, build up a big bar J practice, and tho opportunity to do so now presents itself favourably. Ho will bo very t foolish if I10 does not tako advantago of tho opportunity. Kit Julian Salamous going away, j Mr. O'Connor on tho Bonuli, and tho tauk of -$j very much commanding ability among tho seniors, oilers Mr. Barton a clianco to make up a practieo, and ho will bo a very grout fool if 'ftg ho does tako it. Thoro ia a thlo in man's afluira which taken at the Aood lead to pros- perity, and this, according to tho opinion v | of tlioso who aro good judges of theso matters, is Mr. Barton's opportunity. A great shipmsnt of frozen mutton was sent \jS.ftway by tho Gulf of Venico 011 Saturday last. '-Whon the vessel left Port Jackson alio had M28,0CK) carcases in her frozon chambers. Tho -prices fetched iu Englund have not, so far as jfigtho consignors nro couconiod, been so on $$ couraging, iu fact, prieos luling In London aro very little bettor than in .Sydnoy. But thon, it ntf? must bo remembered wo huvo a surplus hero, and in order to steady our owu market wo must find an outsido customer. I havo heard \- rWGormans say thoy could, siuco tho big ocean .xstoamship service direct with Germany has been established, buy goods "mado iu Gor. 'Amany" cheaper in Sydney than in Berlin. This ?%i easily understood. Thoro is surplus manu- /fcfacture, ami it must bo got rid of. The homo "q&omuincr; pays ono prico at home, whereas tho 'VOTiuan abroad who purchases tho surplus is ifttrcatcd on better terms. Ho it is with our Surplus beef and mutton. Tho man in Sydney pays 5d. and Gd. per lb. for meat is 3$atomshci1 to find tho prime stuff— and only tho jjbeat is exported— being quoted in the English .Cablegrams at 21. aud 3d. 'ft Wo had a Spanish duko (His Grace of Alba) 'recently staying in Sydney. Ho was housed At '$tho Australia. A Spanisli duko docs not count v!c5for mucli nowiwlnya. Spain is a decadent .nation, and therefore her nobility aro looked :upon by tho nvorngo Anglo-Saxon as rather yvipincli-bcek. Jlowovcr, thoro is no moro 'haughty aristocracy in tho world than tho 1 Spanish. Thoy boast of thoir Costiliaii origin, ;'.'iuid look upon anybody witliout tho correct ' /quartering in thoir arms as not born. How- ''evor, thol)nko of Alba did not put on any airs 'or graces. Tlioso who mot him say ho wus u 1 very nice kind of follow, very intelligent, and I vory much struck with tho signs ot progress and piospority ho saw in the colonios. ! Tho Bishop of Ballarat, Dr. Thornton— who , created such a sensation by his speech in Mol ' ' bounio in which ho did not nummi&o; the fail- . ings of the Australian pcoplo, was recently in Sydnoy far a few days. lie preached at St, Mark's Darling i'oint, on Sunday, anil loft on ; Monday for Tumwovtli. Ho is to lake part in I ' somo Church functiuu iu the dioccso of Graf ; ' ton and Armidalo. Y Business in the city which was expected to I 44 boom with New Year is not as good as pcoplo 1 ;!$ expected. It was thought that with a good 1 i Jjyrvcst, mmy wyuW U> plciitifu) oad from tho country pour into tho wholosalo houses. Tho importers, howovor, complain that thoro is a slackness rather than an ini provcmcnt. It may bo that tho low prico of wheat has aomothing to do with this. If the farmer Iia9 not' a margin ho cannot upend it, and as tho returns from tho harvest havo just barely covered cost and as thoro ia no proAt, the man on tho land cannot Rpond money. Ho cannot afford to buy moro than tho actual noccssarics of lifo, and hence thoro is not that buoyancy of trade which was expected at tho boguining of tho year, Tho Chiof Justices of two of our colonies havo recently been in a bad way. Sir Sumuel Griffith, Chief Justico of Queensland, has had to tako a health recruiting trip to Tasmania, ahd Chiof Justice Way, of Soutli Australia, lifts been laid up with pneumonia. Ho was thought to be in a critical condition last week, And his friends wore very anxious about him. Ho is now improving, and it is thought that Iio will pull through all right. Sir Samuel Grifllth has boon much benefitted by his Tas- inanian trip. Typhoid is making its nppcaranco in Sydney. This is tlio season, i'hero aro now eighteen cases in Princo Alfred Hospital. If wheat is low, wool is going up. Tho Utest news from England states that thcro is a riso of 10 per cont, all round. This is good nows, for it uiuans additional value to shoep and hence moro profits for tho man who owns that class of stock which tho Spanisli say 11 have golden feet." And golden thoy havo proven to Australia. The clip of wool wo havo cut ovcry year has bcon the colony's groat support. 