SECRETS OF LONG LIFE. In the Wiwhm Mw/a at Mr Fred McKenzie gives the views of many famous men and women on the secret of long life The old superstition that members of the Royal Family lead lives of luxurious ease is," he says, " now almost dead But no one who knows anything of the administration of the 13 to fish Army could ever entertain the ghost of such a notion about His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge Civilians can hardly realise the way in which, as Commander in Chief, who permeated the whole British Army with his best of thoroughness, his halted of favouritism, his contempt of the feather beds soldier, what ever the rank of that of feather bed ' soldier might be His greatest amount ment remains in the contrast between the Y -fish Army immediately after the Crimean War, and the arm when he resigned his Commandership in Chief in the autumn of 1860 to-day though but a few months off 80 years old, His Royal Highness still takes a very active part in life, as every newspaper reader knows How has he kept his strength so long Departing from the unwritten tradition which causes members of the Royal Family, as a a rule, to refrain from taking part in symposia, His Royal Highness has honoured me with the following message, through his son, Colonel Fitz George He ascribes his longevity to a good constitution, active life, and plenty of occupation and work " the Archbishop of Canterbury is practical and to the point He says - I do not find the burden of life heavy I have observed no pal acular rule about food, etc, except not to eat or drink what I found disagree with me I have little doubt that total abstinence from intoxicating liquors conduces to longevity I know nothing for or against the use of tobacco, except that it is an annoyance to those who do not smoke I cannot tell what has led to my having lived to nearly 77 Not the least interesting is the ex pet deuce of Lord Farrer, our great political economist, who is now in his eightieth year Writing from Abinger hall, he says .-" As one originally fal ft 6in strong, who has out lived many of his much stronger contemporaries, I do not hesitate to give you the following short and necessarily incomplete replies to your questions Whether great length of years is desirable is a question on which I ex pt cfs no general opinion it seems to me that the world grows kinder to one as one grows older the burden of life does not, so far as I can judge become increasingly heavy after the three score and ten to one who is will ing to submit to the limitations which years being with them, to relax effort and curtail indulgence in proportion to his diminishing strength and capacity, and to regard with satisfaction others doing what he is no longer fit to do As regards your further questions, I I have been early and regular in my habits, but with no particular rules. Speaking [generally it seems to me that the conditions which promote the continuance of health and s at length are Plenty and variety of sound occupations and interests, pursued with keenness, but not in excess ; moderation, not abstinence, in eating and drinking, in energy and enjoyment, in work and play. 11 may add without trespassing on deeper matters, of which this is not the place to speak, that absence of personal worry and kindly attitude towards others are influential factors in preserving health of mind and body." AdvICE to Moi'nHHSt-Aro you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth? Go at once to a chemist and got a bottle of Mrs. Winslow's Soothing what. II will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural!, quiet steep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the Ruins, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow s Soothing Syrup is sold by medicine dealers everywhere at li. 11d. per bottle 