WOMAN’S WORLD. n’asfiSs A BEAUTY CHAT. What woman haa not, some time in her life, suffered from the cosmetic-buying fever 1 It’s like the measles and the gas bill—inevitable, unavoidable, and sure to come! And how many of U3 are there who cannot truthfully confess to a nice little collection of freckle lotions, face washes, hair tonics, and squatty little jars of crcamB, and Bkin foods, all uf winch are but partially used up and stand dust covered like ghosts of lost opportunities on some dark, high, closet shelf 1 There s no use talking, dear girls, you cannot dab a little cream and powder on your nose and suddenly develop into a beauty—even if the cosmetic advertise ments do say so 1 Far more than that is necessary for a soft, velvety skin. Health is the first vi\,al;and,all-importantrequiBite. “ Health must be there or beauty cannot be,” is an old-time quotation with a heap of wisdom in it. With proper dieting, regular exercise, good taste in aressing, and the daily bath, together with home-made creams and powders, almost any woman can be pretty. In any case, she can always appear at her very best. Even those horrors of womankind, wrinkles and crow’s feet, can be avoided. That is, if a woman chances to be less than a hundred years old, and hasn't troubles enough to keep her awake seven nights in a week. A woman cannot possibly keep her skin clear and healthy when she is constantly munching sweets. The stomach becomes upset—goodness knows, it can’t stand everything—the blood grows sluggish and bad, and the skin is Bure to get either sallow or covered with tiny eruptions. An important thing to remember in your efforts towards health and physical loveliness is the ventilation of the sleep ing rocm. Open the window at the top, even though you have to pile on the blankets. And, by the way, don’t lay your poor, weary head down on a pile of pillows that is not unlike an Egyptian pyramid in height. The sooner you learn to sleep with a single, small pillow the better it will be, for there’s nothing like a perfectly flat bed to give one straight, firmly-poised shoulders~and a good car riage. The morning bath is invaluable. It is a splendid beautifier. Turkish baths are excellent too. A hot bath once a week is quite often enough. Ammonia should never be put in the water, but a few drops of benzoin instead may. The good qualities of borax, too, are sadly over With a proper diet, scrupulous cleanli ness, and proper exorcise, little else is necessary. Once a month the hair should be shampooed with pure castillo soap ; the teeth must be kept free from tartar and particles of food, aud submitted to the scrutiny of a good dentist every six months ; tne eyes must not be abused by reading in bed or liko torture; the hands should be carefully tended and the nails manicured. The duties of the toilet thus attended to should keep any woman youthful, healthful, and beautiful. 