Day of Pentecost. Sermon by Hey. Dr. Talmaoe. An&'wbm tlio clay of Pentecost wns fully come, they were all with one aocoivi in one place. Ana Niiidcttly there came a sonml from heaven as of ruhlr.£ mislity wind, ami it filled nil the lionee where they wore sitting. Ami there Appeared nnto them eleven tonuues liUo as of fire, ami it nrvt upon cnch of them.— Acta li. 1-3. It was about the autumn senson of the year in the Holy Lnnd. Just ns in the Autumn, after our farmer have gathered in their crops, they come to tho city to see tho sights of the great town, so, tho harvest having been guthercd, tho peoplo camo in from the rural districts, and, indeed, from great distances iibroad, to the city of Jerusalem to see what was going on , arm as is uiways ine onsrom iu all ages for persons who have serious intent, among thoso who came to the city of Jerusalem many sought out a place of religious worship. They were gathered in holy assemblage, and while the services were advancing, there was an interruption. There was first tho rumbling as of an earth- quake. Then thero was the rushing of a tornado. It came on strouger and stronger. There was no flight from it. To add to the excitement thero were flumes of fire in tho shape of tongnes seated on the heads of the people. What was this rumbling, rushing sound as of earthquake and tempest ? It was tho Holy Ghost. You are ready for the sequel, that in that one service 3,000 souls entered into the kingdom of God. They came in perhaps as some of you have now done, without any special errand, with out any special intent— iho children of tho world, they went away the children of the Lord God Almighty. " And when the day of Pentecost was fully cotnc, they wcro all with one accord in one plnco. And suddenly there caine a sound from heaven as of n rushing mighty wind, and it filled all tho houso whero tliey were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues liko us of lire, and it sat upon each of them." Oh that God would bring this subject very near to our souls now. What yon and I most need is not salvation to-morrow, or next week, or next year, hut salvation now. 1\. First of all I want to iell you that Die day of Pentecost was the Subbnth daj\ Tho probability Was that tlio majority of thoso people there assembled were obliged to work for a living, but tho consecrated hours had come, and thoy wore at rest. And so it is with us on tho Sabbath day. What a glorious day ! Tho fire is gone out of the furnace, the bar is against tho storo door, the moneysafe looked, tho daybook and ledger closed, and out of this seething, sweltering, roaring city lifo you have plucked one daj for your soul. Tou aro moro tender on religious subjects now thau on other days. If 1 6honld comeinto your place of business and begin talk ing aboutthe things of eternity, you would say tome, "Wo have these silks to soil, tbee walls to build, these banisters to turn. Wo hare our many engagements lo look after. This is Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, and not the timo to be thinking about tho son)." But the holy Sabbath has come, and' you uro here to-day, and you aro willing to hear, and I have to say on ihis grout theme what I cim. _ You say, " Bo frank with me. If I htiYQ an immortal soul, tell me so. If I am d sinner, toll mo so. If there is a vast eternity before mo, thunder it iu my cars so that 1 cannot escape it." 2\. I remark still further on tho analogy between that ocoaeion epokon of in the text and tho occasion on which we are now assembled, that it was a day of w.cred con vocation. People hitvo been brought to God on thu prairie, far away from the church door ; they havo been aroused in places of sin und brought to Christ,' but the "vast majority ofthofiH that have become Christians have entered tho kingdom of God through the doors of the sanctuary. Now, wo are gathered here" at this moment not for any formal or set service, but, as u great nmsB meeting, to attend to tlio things of tho soul— not to decide who shall ruin over us in the State, or who.shttll rulo over us in tho city, or who shall rule over us in tho nation, but whether Christ, the Son of God, shall rule over our souls. Some of you niuy roinomber that when the Cambria ran on to the rooks on tho Irish coast the passengers ran up and down the deck amid great, excitement, wringing their hand, for there wero not enough Hfoboats to.. . take all off. So, my fricuas, wo ure launched on a great ocean— what shall ou onr destiny r Aro there enough lifeboats to take off all the passen gers? Blesssd l>e God, room and to spare— room for one, room for all! If the Holy Spirit should come down on this religious as semblage, thero would be a man crying out, "Lord, save me, or I perish !" There would be a womun crying out, "Lord, that mine eyes might be opened!" Hero would bo somcono crying out, " Lord, be merciful to indftKumrr!" See you not the kindling in your souls of the tongue of fire? Hear you not tbo rush, of the tempest of the ILoly Ghost ? 3\. But I remark still further, in the analogy between that occasion and this, the fact ihnt many strangers were gathered together. You remember tho story. Tho Parthian, and Medes, and tho dwellers iu Mesopotamia, and half a pago of Scripture giving an account of all the nationalities that wero there repre sented. They all came in ; mid what a timo to receivo the Holy Ghost ! Some went off to other distant cities and different nationalities, and they carried the blessing with ihem. Is it not so hero now? From the four winds of heaven, from tho suvatmuhs of the south, from the tablelands of the west, from the forests et Oregon, from tho lumber districts of Maine, from the cities of this continent, from iho cities and villages of Great. Britain ! Some of you have beon worshipping God in u Scotch kirlc, and some in an Kngli'sh chapel. From all lands wo aro gathered hero to- d:i\ Oh what a timo for the coming of the Holy Ghost ! Sumo of you arc hun dreds of miles away from your home, but the railway train and llio sto:nncr could nob come so fast but that troubles cntno up with you ; and they are hero now to chide you, and you want comfort, you want sympathy, you want pardon, and you want life. May the God of rhu stranger comfort you ! may the God of the stranger protect you — save you! Oh! v/ill it not be glorious if you get back to your distant homo, and you can tell your friends that you mat Christ in this assemblage, ami your vonl was saved? God grunt it! Come, Holy Ghost ! 1\. But 1 carry out the analogy still further, and remark that on the day of Pentecost the coming of the Spirit whs sudden; And there are those in ihis assemblage who feel His power now very suddenly. Although theu people havo been praying for the coming of the Holy Ghost, when Ho did come they said. "What 1a it ! Whal is this tongue of firo ? What thta rushing of a mighty wind?" Audit the Holy Spirit with omnipotent power comes on our souls, how nrnuy surprised people there would ho here ! I remember my first religious awakening wns after this wise : I wns dihlmurtcned. and felt as if I could nover preach again. I sought oxchungo with brother ministers ; they were all busy that day ; I wan compelled to preach. I wus conscious after wards that I preached with moro ; of the spirit of prayer ihaii ever beforo, and before tne rterWeo was over thero wus a groat moving among the people, and the wholo village'was shaken with the presence of .God. Wo had an outpouring of tbo Holy. Gbost such as had novor been seen iu that viilago church, and that same day at tho same altar X baptised wholo families as tbey entered into tho king dom of God. But. oh. how aiidrlorilv ifcnninn! How suddenly ! 6\. Carrying1 out still further the analogy, I want you to recognise tlio fact that the Holy Spirit enmo mightily then, us it comes now to all our hearts It'was not a zephyr, : it was a hurricane ; it was a rushing, mighty wind. In other words, there was omnipotent power in it ; aud it the Holy Spirit comes hoi'q now, there is not ono person sitting or standing - in all ' this assemblage that could resist its gracious influenco. In Uxbriclge, Massachusetts, many years ago, a gambler sat playing cards with fcoino dissipated asso ciates, and while sitting there he dropped tho cards und ruRhed out of the' room, went home, and sought tho prayers of his Christian wife. What changed his mind ! What, gave him the sudden impulse. It was tho saving power of the Holy Ghost. Thero. aro hero nrnuy baclcslidors. Fifteen years ago you consecrated yourself to God. Luring that timo a whole generation lias passed into the eternal world. How many woro saved through your instrumentality? As many as you can count on tho fingers of your right hand? Wero thero any? Ob, if the Holy Spirit could descend again, and these back sliders would return to their God, tliey would cry out, "Lord, forgive me for my wasted opportunities ! Have mercy upou me, Lord; suvo mo just now!" Why, tliou backslidden Christian, what is it to bo a Christian ? Is ifc lo sit down in Holy Communion three or four times a year? No, it is when you liavo such an in tense earnestness for God that you feel a day is wasted in which you havo not brought a soul into tho kingdom. May God by His spirit impress you all ! If the Holy Spirit shoulfVcomo down with great power, there would hp a man who would go home and gather his family uround him, and ho would say, "We lnrvo novor lrnd prayers in our house; lot us pray now. Lord, forgive us that for so many years iu this household we havo never recognised Thee. Lord, help us!" And there would bosomcono who camo in bore merely to criticise, or to make sport of the sorvico, und ho would say, " Lord, I did not expect to iio saved ; I did not come for that purpose, hut give mc Christ or I perish !" Ana someone all absorbod in tho frivolities aud fashions would begiu to think about his soul, crrinir out. " What shail become of mv immortal soul ? My never-dying soul, whpt will become of it?" And some aged man will say, "I am seventy yeara of age now, and X have nover prayed, X have nover uttered ono earnest prayer in all mylife; is there not someono here who can pray for me? Oh, pray for mo now ; I inn on tho brink of the eternal world." Aud the sceno would be come moro und more stupendous, until on one sidb wo would hear the dying groan of the Son of God, and on the other side we would hear the blast of the arohangel's trumpet that wakes tho dead, and the acclamation of nations saved, and tho groaning "of empires lost. Oh,. my friends, is death so attractive, is lifo so tamo, ,is heaven so dull, that you can afford to delay no longor? 