WIPED OUT. The disqualification of the popular favorite, Bobby Walne, for one month, by the racing stewards and the recom mendation of the. latter to the executive that he be further disqualified tor a peiiod of six months came as a tfreax shock to the many fiiends who iaave followed his career with interest. - lie dissatisfaction with Walne's riding ia the five-mile event of the Conimon wQalth Stakes was the cause of 'jihe trouble, for it was alleged that in this race the, favorite ran a ='urf 'uni. »Vn'ea the held went put the betting stood at. . 2 to 1 on, but when it was observed by the knowing that the ariair was hkely to be crook the odds rapidly changed, and at the last lap Waine's price was 10 to 1 against. When the summary sentence was pronounced against mm Walne gave notice of appeal, but could auvahce no further explanatory or rather no satisfactory explanation of the means by which he lost thie race, ' so the veto was allowed to stand. Mar tin and Jackson both spoke in his iavor, as was perhaps natural under the circumstances, but their explana tions were not considered of any value., ine disqualification of Walne, al thougii ne had not a ghost of 'a show ot carrying oft the Austral, came at an awkward time, and it has kept him out - * oi numbers of events in which he in tended to compete. The summary action of the stewards has had the good effect of rather inghtemng racing men, and more carefulness is being observed' on the track. Very stringent are the rules applying to competitors who are kept unaer strict supervision of a small army of police while on the course so mat no betting can be in dulged by the riders immediately prior to tne race. They are also not al lowed, under the new regime, within the stand enclosure-' Should other inquiries being instituted by the authorities result in current ru mors being substantiated there may be expected a regular 'burst up' arnong various champion riders. The sus picions of foul play are believed to be well founded, and if this proves the case! on further investigation it will serve to shpw upon what degenerate days the sport ot bike racing has fallen. Tne indictment is that certain champion riders formed a combination among themselves to the' ettect that all the : _ prize money carried by a certain event run recently was to be pooled and di vided equally among the syndicate. It is alleged that this brilliant scneme was earned into effect, tne parties interest ed partaking oi the spoils with mutual satisfaction.. It is doubtful whether sumcient information can be gleaned upon which to take proceedings, but the alleged 'cronkness' is to be de plored. ? 