THE NOVELIST. KEW TALE'OF A TUB. jCyMes. Haeey Coghill. 2 have heard many ghost stories," said my grandparents Mary, " and I don't believe in any of them. They are mostly silly and purposeless, and evidently made up ; but one story that you may call a ghost story if you like, I will tell you, for I lived through it myself." Then she told us this story : " Well, dears, when I was a girl, it wasn't the fashion for bride and bridegroom to rush away, the minute they were married, from all their kind friends and well-wishers, and are wandering together all over the world, relying on the tender mercies of hotel-keepers and chamber maids for their comfort, seeing nothing but strange places, with no one to speak to but themselves, taking, as it seems to me, the surest possible way j to grow tired of each other. No, if they went civility at all, they took some of the wedding guests away with them, and went to -a friend's house somewhere within a drive very likely-that had been made warm and comfortable for them beforehand. " " When my cousin, Eveline Burke, was married to Dick Marchmont, it was arranged that her two bridesmaids, my " cousin N Norah and myself, giddy young women of seventeen and eighteen, should go with them to D-, a country house belonging to the March rents, as I was told. When there are several estates in the family, all, except the favoured one, are apt to get somewhat neglected and become movie storehouses of old pictures and tapestries, and lumbers of all kinds that would clash sadly with the more modem furniture and appliances of the actual family seat. These extraneous homes are generally presided over by an old housekeeper, who gradually grows as yellow and rusty as the parch- ments in the muniment room, and as faded and decayed as the tapestries on the walls. But there was not even a housekeeper at Dar-. The gardener, who lived in the grounds, and neither dug and delved, and a laundry woman who had no washing to do, gave it an eye now and then. However. Dick's uncle, the present head of the family, was anxious to lend him the house for his honeymoon, assuring him that it only wanted 'airing ' a bit, and that Dick, however desperately in love he might be with Eveline. would be glad of the excellent fishing afforded by the lake in the park after the first few days. "Dick, of course, secured this theory any place would suit him so long as he had Eveline ; but he gratefully accepted the loan of Dr. as it happened to be conveniently near the Burke, and would allow him and his bride to take part in the festivities given in their honor, and yet reach their temporary home before nightfall. " Norah and I, who were to go with 1 them, rather enjoyed the idea of having a rambling old country house all to our- selves-for we hardly counted Dick and Eveline-an old, romantic mansion, re- plete with every ancient discomfort, to reverse the saying. We were a little disappointed when we heard there was no ghost, and, though it was in Ireland, not the very remotest chance of moon- lighters. However, we flattered ourselves we should enjoy our 'honey ~-~ moon,' as we persisted in calling it, for by we were devoted to each other, and the ephemeral attachment of Dick and Eve- line was nothing to our strong and last 1 ing passion. We meant to be friends all our lives, and we were not at all anxious for the advent of the detach- ment of our household party who volunteered to come down in a day or two and keep us amused. . _. . 'Early on the morning of the wedding day three or four servants were sent off with our luggage, to make the house ready for us, and after the wedding was over and the toasts drunk, Eveline and Dick, Norah, and I got into a chaise, and away we went with four horses over roads that a coachman nowadays would think too bad for anything but a country waggon. '? It was a long, long drive, and, though we had started in tearing spirits, we got dreadfully tired, not to say cross, in the course of four mortal hours' jolting. It was quite dark when we turned into a gloomy avenue of beech trees, but on approaching the house we could just make out, against the red sky, the great gaunt boughs of a tree that looked as if it had been struck by lightning. I don't suppose any of us thought it odd that the drive was grass- grown, the gate un- bolted, the tree not cut down we were not particular in Ireland in those days ! The windows of the house shone like burning glasses in the sunset, so that at first I thought the house was on fire. The hall door stood open, it was all friendly and hospitable and casual! Our servants were all hidden about the house like rabbits in their burrows, and the hall was, absolutely empty as we came in, but they had lit a real good peat fire, and a good thing, too, for there, was the most dreadful, all pervading 1 smell, of damp about the place you can conceive. .' Norah and I opened at least a dozen doors each before we thought of taking off our bonnets and pelisses, or sitting down to the supper prepared for us. We stopped to look out of the window at the lake that lay gloomily a few feet away, the water just gleaming green and blue under the last faint streaks of twilight. It was melancholy; the stricken tree of was melancholy, the wash of the water was melancholy. ' I'm rather glad there is no ghost !' said Norah, slipping her hand into mine. "Then we stopped, and held each other's hands under the fable, j list like Dick and Eveline and at nine o'clock when we had got rid of them, as we put it, we went up to the large bedroom that had been assigned to us. It was oak- panelled, it was gloomy, it had a large four-post bed, hung with chintz of a faded pattern, and would have held four such slips of' girls as Norah and me. There was an immense chimney, like another room, and a horrid cupboard at one and just the place for a ghost !' murmured Norah, cheerfully. We began to discuss things every- thing, in fact, as young girls will. Our eyes were heavy with sleep, but we rubbed them ; our feet grew cold and we warmed them at the fire. There was a clock somewhere far away that struck the quarters, and we enjoyed hearing the time go, and made up our minds to sit up till twelve, like grown-up people. " Twelve began to strike at last. That clock had a strange, hollow sound. " ' I am really and truly glad there is no ghost- Norah had said for the third time just before it began to strike. It would have happened at the stroke of twelve whatever it wasH. It always does,' " At ' six ' she shivered a little, at' eight' she grasped my hand, at 'ten' she has, closed her eyes and whispered, 'Some- thing is coming !' " ' Nonsense !' I began ; but the non came on the last stroke, and I never got to sense, for a series of astonishing and perfectly dreadful shrieks van through the house. We innocent country girls had never heard anything worse than a ' pig's squeal or a lamb's bleat, but this it was the real thing and no mistake. It was a yell of a man in agony ; it was every possible kind of human noise that could be evoked by terror. Groans moans-cries - then along the ' passage the strange,. lumbering noise, as if some heavy thing were being rolled or dragged slowly along. On it came, nearer and nearer, and there seemed to be with its sound of footsteps and a strange intermittent' jingling noise. We felt the floor jar under our feet with the weight that road over the boards outside. Our door was close to the head of, a little staircase we knew what must happen; we heard the bump bump of the thing-, whatever it was, Wing rolled carefully down the steps. There were thirty steps ; we counted thirty bumps, that seemed to beat on our very hearts. Then there was was a silence ; we re membered there was a door at the bottom of the staircase hot that we had ever opened it it seemed to lead into some csll.-n-iuid Norah sprang forward and bolted the door of our room - instead of opening it to see what was there," like a little coward that she was " " I, for one, was no bolder. We both were shivering as we had never shivered on the coldest winter night, and our teeth chattered like castanets. In the increased gleam of our two candles,- as they flared up before going out I saw her pale face, and knew mine was as pale as hers. I have heard of people's hair turning grey in one night from fear ; I suppose we were too young for that, but when the dawn came and found us laying on the bed just as we had at last fallen asleep in our clothes. we must havelock ed very unlike two healthy girls who had come there only twelve hours before. Our old servant came in and scolds ed us for not going to bed properly, and, perfectly conscious of our woe-begone looks, and feeling as important as persons who have had a long and painful illness, we went down to breakfast. " Dick and Eveline, who had evidently heard nothing, would not take our story seriously at all, but alluded to fried beans and bacon the night before. Then they shut themselves up in a kind of a morning room that had been rigged for Eve- line, and we wandered miserably about till the evening, when my eldest cousin, Walter, add his wife Ursula came down to Dr. We told our sad story afresh, of course. After our short, uneasy sleep of the night before, we looked ghastly enough to make them believe we really had gone through something! " Walter and Ursula had been married a couple of years and were not so wrapped up in themselves as Dick and Eveline. They helped us to make a thorough search. One of the rooms in our corridor' had been made ready for the new comers, and looked as little ghostly as possible. The other at the far end was a perfectly ordinary but cheerless room, built at such an. angle that it never got any sun, but not otherwise disagreeable. For this reason, and also on account of its close, mildewed, smell, no one had chosen it. The ghostly procession would appear to start from there,' laughed Walter, and he and Ursula volunteered to sit up with Norah and me till twelve o'clock. We accepted eagerly, and at night we had a good fire lit, plenty of candles, and sat down to have a jolly evening. Ursula was very gay, up to a certain point, but at ten o'clock-! noticed her eyes begin to shift uneasily, and she left off talking when- ever the clock struck the quarters. Walter, who I know fancied that Norah and I, with the impishness of school- girls, and been taking them all in, grew convicted of our seriousness when all his efforts to tease Norah - she was as feasible as schoolgirls generally are .-? failed to elicit a single giggle. I felt as if every nerve in my body was uncovered, ready to quiver at the first shock of the repeated horror. It was like having a tooth out twice over. " We were all quite silent when it began to strike midnight. Walter looked gloomily into the fire. I looked at Ursula, She was very still I said in a low voice, ' Ursula !" She threw back her head and fainted dead away just before the stroke of twelve, but nobody attended to her, for exactly on the stroke of twelve the shrieks rang out again and again ! A JSku-ahcoveredher-facerWaltersßraTig" up, seized a candle and opened the door. We all followed. The noise approached there came a rolling sound on the oak floor and the metallic jingle and then a rush of cold wind swept through the open door, and left us in darkness ! '. Norah trembling lit a match, and her eye fell on Ursula, in a dead faint. She called Walter, and Ursula came to a little, and clung to her husband, and begged him to stay with her, and would not let him go. The noise had ceased. Walter was dreadfully vexed at having been prevented from following them up. Then, with a candle each, we walked along the passage. All the doors were fast ; not a window was open anywhere to account for that icy blast, that was move like a breath from a cold church vault, than the mild air of a September night. We made no more investigations after that Walter bore Ursula tenderly away to her room, and we girls tried to sleep. How could we P Next day it was determined that everything should be done to clear up the mystery of our nightly disturbance, and before dark all our arrangements were made. Dick and Walter again examined the empty room at the end of the passage, and locked the door, and Dick put the key in his pocket. They sounded the walls, they sounded the floor of the passage, and had a lamp put on the shelf just over the door of the empty room. A number of candles were taken to our room and lit, untill the chimney piece looked like the altar of a Roman Catholic church. Walter had secured an old stable lantern, which he thought would stand the breeze better than our host of candles. " Dick and Eveline, who intended to shave our vigil, had a brilliant idea. It was to have supper spread-and a good one, too-in our room, so that we should have something to do besides sitting opposite to each other and solemnly staring into each others' faces. A little Dutch courage was also suggested as an addition. Ursula promised not to faint on condition she was given none of it. Dick and Eveline, who came fresh to the scene of our terrors, and whose nerves were not shattered by the repetition of two such nights as ours were gay enough at first, while Ursula, too, who had contrived to be in such a faint the night before as to hear nothing, was quite herself again. sat at half-past eleven we had finished eating-Walter had ended all his stories Norah couldn't sit still there were dreadful pause, broken only by laboured remarks from one or the other of us about anything but the subject in hand-the only one in which anybody was really interested. But I remember Dick saying to Walter, 'I think you are quite overdoing this lighting-up business, it will frighten those rascals, and they will be by to-night, and we shall be no wiser. He evidently thought it a case of thieves or moonlighters, and I noticed a revolver sticking up out of his pocket, and I fancy Walter had one, too. " As midnight drew near we were all absolutely silent. There was the faint sound of the water washing against the little landing-stage by the lakeside, and the fall of the embers in the five nothing else. The night was extremely still and very dark. The birch boughs that grew close up to and touched our windows did not make the slightest stir against the glass panes, so there would be positively nothing to account for the rushing wind in the passage, if it should come again. "At last it began to strike twelve. Walter took up his lantern in one hand and his revolver in the other, and stood, his hand on the latch, ready to throw open the door at the slightest sound, He waved his hand to keep us all back, but, it was curiosity, I am afraid not courage, that made us gather all round the door, behind him and Dick. Nine-ten-eleven-twelve-and then that dreadful cry! " Walter opened the door and stepped I out,' and the flame of of his lantern flick- ered wildly in the blast of ice cold air that swept into the room and extinguished every candle but ans. It did not go out however, and he chased it down the pas- sage and we all looked over his shoulder and saw at the extreme end of the cor r under what seemed to be a deepening of the shadow about the door of the empty room. Then, to our wonder, this shadow seemed to gather into shape, and passed slowly towards us along the passage. Rolling round and round, a dark shade two or three feet high- as a mist cloud is rolled when the west wind arises and drives it down a river valley. The cries and voices had ceased, and as this unaccount- able shadow passed along the flooring creaked, and we heard a hollow sound so exactly like that caused by great cask or barrel being rolled along that it was impossible not to believe that we were actually watching some such thing pushed along and turning round and round as it passed. Not one of us stirred hand or foot as it came on. We even stood back to let it go by. Slowly creak- ing over the boards it passed us and came to the head of the staircase. There it stopped for a moment, and then began to roll down. We followed. Step by step, as we had heard it the past two nights, we now saw it go, and stole after it. '.''' There is a door at the foot of the stairs,' gasped Walter. " ' I have all the keys,' said Dick. " The semblance of this ghostly barrel stopped for a moment at the foot of the stairs. The door had a slightly raised sill, too narrow for its passage. Exactly as if it had been lifted by human hands the shadowy barrel was lifted, and, after being poised for a moment on the sill, rolled in and seemed to fall on to a hollow sounding stone floor. " Walter put his hand out. 'Give me the keys, he said. " Dick handed his in the bunch, and, after trying one or two the door yielded and we went in. It was a small square cellar, perfectly empty, perfectly clean with four bare walls and a window high up, closed by bars, but without glass. That was all, " ' Whatever it is, it is here, Dick said solemnly; but it must wait till morning He put his arm round Eveline who stood shivering beside him. " Oh, darling : you ought not to be here ; besides, it's over for to-night. Go to your rooms, all of you. He locked the door of the cellar and we all went up stairs again. I * * * * " Next day Dick having sent for Dennis the gardener, despatched him for men and implements, and by twelve o'clock a little group of workmen, under the superintendence of Dick and Walter visited the cellar. We women were not strictly invited, but it was found impossible to keep us out, emboldened as we were by numbers and the wholesome daylight. Every stone of the flooring was removed, and under one of them a a heavy pine barrel, of ancient make, was discovered and opened by a few strokes of a hatchet. a We girls, looking over the men's shoulders, saw that it was empty, except for a whitish substance and carried among that a bunch of keys and a watch. "Nothing else! It was explained to us that the white substance was quick- lime, which will destroy any human remains in the shortest possible time. The watch was an old fashioned turnip watch such as gentlemen used to wear The jingling noise we had heard was obviously made by the bunch of keys which were attached to a bulky cluster of valuable seals. They were at once sent to Dick's uncle. * * * for Dick's uncle proved to be very un- communicative in the matter, and it was allowed to drop. But Eveline, some time after, in a moment' of confidence in formed-Norah'-and one that the watch bore the Marchmont crest and certain initials, which made it easily traceable to a member of the family, while among the keys were two which opened chests in the house where old iEarcnmonfr-lived. One of these chests had been broken open and a new key made-the other, then considered of no interest, had been allowed to remain in a deserted lumber room. " 'And did they open it I asked. " 'Yes.' "And did they find out anything?' "'They found papers relating to the owner of the watch.' " They know his name, then ?' "'Yes,' said Eveline portentously. It appears that he had been only murdered. . and . . ' She suddenly grew re- ticent. ' I am longing to tell you anything more. You are two dreadfully curious little girls, and Dick has particularly forbidden me to reveal family secrets.' "'Of a discreditable nature?' said I pertly and rudely, urged by my baulked curiosity. " Every family has a skeleton in the cupboard,' added Eveline, any family of any age and importance, at least.' "'A skeleton in the cupboard,' is a very respectable thing to have,' I retorted. ' Very ! But you're is only a ghost in a tub!' "-Black and White," 