The opposition to federation in New South Wales is certainly not to be com plimented on the nature of its objections, nor upon the tone which it has imported into tho controversy. In too many cases it lacks decency, and is utterly wanting in consistency. Many of the opponents of federation are content to strive to combat it by making baseless charges and imputing mean personal motives, allowing abuse to take the place of argu ment and degrading the federal question from the level of a great national issue into a squabble of factions. Unscrupu lous as to their tactics and disingenuous in their methods, the leaders of the pro vincialists confine themselves mainly to hysterical appeals to the blindest sort of self-interest, a feeling, the predominance of which in! any one of the colonies, would render the consummation of any federa tion in Australia impossible for all time. Day by day the electors are deluged with gloomy’ predictions by “authorities” as to the complete financial defeat that is to await New South Wales if tho scheme of federation as proposed is to be carried out. The intelligent and reflec tive elector who has the capacity and in clination to study those dark forebodings, ■ however, cannot fail to be struck by the inconsistency and irreconcilability of the various theories as to how all these ill effects are to be brought about. One day he is told that every taxpayer in the .colony will have to pay something like £3 16s extra per annum in taxation, and i-ext day another anti-federalist discovers that “in certain circumstances” a man with a wife and four children may have to contribute £8 16s extra, quite oblivi ous of the fact that taxpayers, even un der existing conditions, may easily, pay a good.deal more to the revenue by a free indulgence in comparative luxuries, and that there is nothing in the constitu tion to force the people as a whole, to waste itheir substance in, for example, champagne and Havanahs. It is on the fiscal question that the authors of'these pessimistic predictions show themselves most hopelessly at variance. Ono day, as a critic of their Jeremiads has pointed out, the electors are solemnly warned that the cost of living will be so much increased by a protective tariff that life will be scarcely worth living in the colony, and it is not without its laugh able aspect to find that this warning usu ally comes from gentlemen who all their lives have expatiated on the virtues and benefits of protection! One moment they aro to be ruined, they are told by tho free-trade anti-billites, because of the anticipated downfall of their free trade system (though, to be sure, they .do get intercolonial free-trade all round), and the next their downfall will come about, say the protectionist anti-billites, because of the heavy tariff that will be instituted against the rest of the world, and which will greatly increase the cost of living. ' Then again it is found that one section of the anti-federalists will have none of the bill because it is “anti democratic,” another because it does not commend itself to the “intellectual and professional and conservative centre of Australia—Sydney.” Both sections em ploy precisely the same arguments to prove their entirely different cases, and the arguments resolve themselves for the most part into incitements to unmiti gated selfishness. Newcastle having ■ shown strong federal leanings, the ridicu lous statement is there put forward that federation will in some inscrutable man ner foster the Victorian coal trade at the expense of the northern collieries, which are far more likely to receive a great impetus from it. For.the edifica tion of the Riverine districts there is pictured tho appalling prospect of other colonies drying up their rivers and filch ing their water reserves. The general taxpayer is warned that New South "Wales is foredoomed to pay all the extra cost of federation, and to be robbed all round by the other colonies, and sundry other devices to render the people appre hensive of union are being relied upon. Certainly the anti-federal orators have not escaped the reproach that they have been in so great haste to frighten the electors with horrid spectres as to forget that they were manufacturing their bogeys in full view of their audience, and exposing their weak points somewhat in* cautiously. It remains to be seen whe ther they have underestimated the intel ligence or overrated the selfishness and provincialism of tho people of New South Wales in assuming that they are to be swayed by such palpable misrepresenta tions of a great national cause. Both the results of the Hospital Satur day collection in Sydney and the methods by which they were attained were very noteworthy. The sum total of the col lections established a record, and the mode of gathering them in was probably absolutely unique. Nowhere else have such comprehensive systems of compel ling contributions to the charities by all who can possibly be appealed to been adopted as in Sydney, where on the one day of the year set aside for the street levies, people have to submit to a most remarkable canvassing. This year the willingness and determination of the col lectors to raise money for their good cause was evinced not only about the ■city and suburbs by the most pertina cious efforts wherever people congre gated, but by the forming of bands of highway women, who literally scoured the country. Between North Sydney and Chatswood there was a corps of lady bicyclists out to raise money from tho occupants of all vehicles, to scorch down the male wheelman and induce him to pay toll. On the road between Parra matta and Liverpool a body of equestri ennes performed the samo diligent ser vice. Altogether 2000 ladies were en gaged in the good work in various direc tions. For the first time in the six yeasr 1 history of the movement the city and near suburbs were divided into col lecting blocks, the object being to make tho canvass more thorough, and to pre clude overlapping in office to office and house to house visiting. The usual stands >wero erected at street corners, presenting basin hammocks for the recep tion of coins to be flung in by passers by, but anew means of collecting .was adop ted by the sale of buttonhole bouquets to gentlemen. In the Strand Arcade and other suitable localities good business was done in this way, bunches of flowers which in the ordinary course of trade would be disposed; of at 3d by professional vendors being freely quitted at Is each. Large quantities were sent to the manag ing committee’s rooms to be made up in to bouquets for this purpose; but long before theatre time tho whole stock-in trade was sold out. By half-past five o’clock in the evening it was estimated i-uat the collections were £3OO ahead of those of IS9B, and finally it was found that the money in hand was £3728, as against £2956 for last year., In regard to the denomiSations of the coins, the satisfactory feature is the increase in the contributions of the poor, of those for whose benefit the charities mainly exist. There was.an increase in the gross num ber of coins received from 143,249 last year to 229,260 on Saturday last, and the latter total comprising 286 sove reigns, 187 half- sovereigns, 848 half crowns, 880 florins, 7286 shillings, 14,612 sixpences, 36,722 halfpennies, 56,779 threepences and 111,660 pennies. The ladies who assisted in the picturesque brigandage had the satisfaction of reap ing an exceptionally good harvest, and of setting a good example in acting, by every means they could devise, on tho principle that the giving to the ex chequers of the hospitals, etc., should be the duty of the mass, not merely the bur den of the few.. Another subsidence took place in Ly diard street yesterday evening at about 5 °- C !l * • five - llor3e waggon, with from eight to miie tons ot firewoocl,*ivas passing Irwin s Provincial Hotel, at the corner of Lycliard and Ararat streets, followed by a cab. Both vehicles passed the crossing safe ly, but the latter was hardly clear when the roadway was noticed to collapse. Word was sent to the City Hall, and workmen were put on to repair the damage, which was somewhat considerable. On exami nation it was found that an old box drain that runs from the railway, and connect ed in the early days with another drain opposite the main entrance to the hotel, had collapsed. The hole caused by tho subsidence was four or five feet in circum ference, and about three feet in depth. It was temporarily repaired, and to-day will bo permanently so. Not for a great many years has the share market shown such activity as at present, tho principal cause operating to that end of course being the developments at tho Glenfine field, and more particularly the promising outlook at the Glenfine South mine, an extended reference to which will be found elsewhere. Other stocks are, how ever, very buoyant. That some men are born under a lucky star is fully evidenced by a number of instances which have come under notice. One well-known Ballarat resident, it is stated, purchased all the shares-in the Glenfine South he could ob tain at prices ranging from 10s to 15s, sold out at close on £4, and made a profit of about ,£2OOO by the transaction.: It may be mentioned this is not the" first transac tion in which he has been successful. An other equally well-known investor bought the shares at a somewhat similar price, and stands—to use a colloquial expression—to make a. “pot of money” by the deal. A well-known metropolitan racing man is also reported as having made a small for tune in tho stock, and there would appear to bo no doubt that the Glenfine South has been a “veritable gold mine” to some fortunate investors. The result of the second day's play in tho match between the Australians and the South of England is eminently satis factory to the former, and augurs favor ably for a triumphant tour. Having lost two wickets for 35 runs on tho first day, the prospects of the visitors were not par ticularly encouraging when play was re sumed; but, thanks to Gregory and Noble, a totally different complexion was placed on the game before the stumps were drawn for the day, tho Australians then having a lead of 111 runs, with' two wickets yet to fall. Gregory's contribution was 124, and Noble’s 105, the latter player being not out. The honors of tho batting certainly lay with with the New South Wales representatives, four of whom to gether compiled 253 runs; South Austra lia’s champions, Darling and Hill, added 63 runs; whilst the three Victorians, Wor rall, 11‘Leod, and Laver, only managed 27 runs between them. The most successful bowler for the Englishmen was Townsend, who accounted for five wickets. The com plete scores appear in another column. Tho last has probably now been beard of the £2O deposit made with the City Council by those citizens who desired a poll to be taken in connection with the proposal to float a £12,000 loan. At last night’s meeting of tho Hospital commit tee a letter was received from Mr C. Sal ter, the hon. solicitor to the institution, acknowledging-the receipt of £l7 18s from Mr H. Rawlings, being the amount of the deposit, less £2 2s costs, incurred by Messr H. Curwen "Walker and Hamilton, as solicitors. Mr Salter explained that Mr Rawlings desired no privileges in con nection with the donation, which was made by a number of citizens who did not wish their names to be mentioned in connection with tho donation. An alarm of fire was received at the Bal larat Eire Brigade station yesterday after noon at about 4 o’clock, when it was re ported to the station keeper that a wea therboard house, situated in East street, Ballarat East, owned by Mr Jas. Long, and occupied by Mrs Peake, was on fire. Tho brigadiers promptly turned out, but on arriving at the house they found that their services were not required. It ap peared that Mrs Peake’s daughter -was making some furniture polish of turpen tine and beeswax, and was boiling the mix ture over tho kitchen fire, when it sud denly caught alight and the flames leaped up in a threatening manner. Miss Peake ran out with the blazing mixture into the scullery, where the flames ignited the back wall. With great presence of mind she threw a quantity, of salt on the burning liquid, and then ran to the brigade station, situated about 200 yards from the house. When she came back with the.brigade it was found that the salt had been effective in extinguishing the flames. Asa guide to other householders who may bo in the habit of similarly making furniture polish, it may bo pointed out that the boiling of tho mixture is absolutely unnecessary, as the turpentine is quite sufficient to melt the beeswax without tho aid of heat. It will be remembered that some little time ago, when the removal of Gill’s Is land at Lake Wendouree was under dis cusssion, an offer was made by the rowing clubs to remove the obstruction, provided tho City Council would lay down a tem porary tramway for the conveyance of the debris ito the foreshore. Tho council called for tenders for tho work, but the prices sent in were considered too high, and the matter was left in abeyance—it was feared by some shelved altogether. Tho members of the rowing clubs, how ever—as an earnest of their offer to the council—rhavo undertaken the work of re moving the top portion of one half of the island, and placing the surplus dirt on the remaining half. The undertaking has been enthusiastically taken up, and a quantity of earth has already been removed. A largo party will be at work to-morrow afternoon at the spot, and we understand that it is the intention of the committee of the clubs to organise another batch for Queen's Birthday morning, so that the idea promulgated by Cr Shoppee at a re cent meeting of the council —to remove tho top portion of ono-lialf of the island—will soon be an accomplished fact. Messrs Salter and Pinkerton wrote to tho hospital committee last night, inform ing them that Mr Short, of Melbourne, acting as solicitor for Mr P. Roger, whose contract was originally accepted for the erection of the new women’s ward, had served a writ upon them, claiming the re turn of the £6O lodged by the contractor, which had been forfeited by the commit tee. but had subsequently withdrawn it. Mr Eggleton, secretary of the hospital, stated that the writ had since been served upon him. It was resolved to forward the writ to Mr Salter, as the institution’s hon. solicitor. A magisterial enquiry was held by Mr George King, J.P., fat the Town Court yesterday concerning the death of the old man, Martin Ryan, of 156 Victoria street, Ballarat East. Edward Ryan, son of the deceased, gave evidence that his father was 82 years of age, and had been support ed by witness. He had never known his father to have suffered from any ailment. He gave him good food and clean clothes, but deceased was of very uncleanly habits. Tho deceased had tried to gain admit tance to the Benevolent Asylum, but with out success. The witness only received 25s per week, and had been obliged to keep himself, his two brothers, and his father on that sum. He considered his father was a burden to him. He knew that his father had £S9 in some local bank. Michael Ryan, brother of the last witness, said he was not on, good terms with his father, owing to his refusal to help the latter in his work at stonebreak ing. Thomas Ryan, the deceased’s third son, stated that he did the cooking and cleaning for the household. Plain clothes Constable Montague gave evi dence as to the filthy state of the house and the deceased. Dr Richards, who had made a post-mortem examination of the body, stated that death was due to val vular disease and fatty degeneration of the heart. Mr King found a verdict accord ingly, and severely condemned the insani tary state of the house, and recommended that it be cleansed immediately. "We recently published the reply of tho Presbyterian clergy to the letter they re ceived from tho Hospital committee in answer to their complaint that an under standing that vacancies on the committee should, where practicable, bo filled by members representing the same denomina tion had been ignored. The original docu ment was read at the meeting of the Hos pital committee last night, and the general opinion was that, as it was merely a reply to a communication from the committee, it required no other than a formal answer. Tho letter was accordingly merely re ceived. A sensational bolt occurred yesterday in tho city. A horse attached to a cart, own ed by Mr Hancock, butcher, of Seymour street, took fright and galloped into Lyd iard street. A little boy named Laverick, aged 8 years, was the only occupant of the vehicle, and lib held pluckily on to the front bar, while the horse galloped madly along Lydiard street, across Sturt street, narrowly escaping the Welsbach lamp in doing so, and tearing round the gaol got as far as Grant and Humffray streets, when the vehicle turned over and thre.w the lad out. A number of cyclists followed the runaway', and Senior Constable Daly also joined in tho pursuit in a cab. The boy was found to be slightly bruised, and was suffering from shock, but was otherwise uninjured, j no uctle fellow was presented with 5s by' a person who had witnessed the affair. Neither tho horse or the vehicle were much, injured. On its career the runaway miraculously escaped colliding with a number of other vehicles in tho various streets through which it passed. It has been decided to erect a store shed at tho Ballarat East locomotive sheds for the storage of repairing and cleaning ma terial. Tenders will probably be called for tho erection of the building at an early date. Tho story of a somewhat adventurous and chequered career was unfolded at the Town Court yesterday, when an elderly woman named Sarah Alston appeared be fore Messrs H. Josephs, Jas. Lonie, D. G. Dalzell, and G. King, J’s.P., charged with vagrancy'. "Senior - constable Beckman gave a brief resume of tho history of the accused during tho past few months. The woman, ho stated, was a well-known iden tity at Brown Hill, and about six months ago sho figured as the complainant in an assault case at tho Town Court. Soon afterwards her hut at Brown Hill was burnt down owing to the carelcsness of another woman. This incident (resulted in another case at tho Town Court, but tho accused obtained little satisfaction for the loss of her hut. She was subse quently again before the court, charged with vagrancy, and was : discharged on promising to leave Ballarat. On regain ing her liberty she expressed the inten tion of walking to Sydney, but changed her mind, and set out on foot for Geelong, where she arrived after a weary journey, and found herself in a very melancholy condition. Hnder the circumstances, she decided to commit suicide by throwing herself in' front of a train, but was for tunately deterred from carrying ont her intention by a man who happened to be with her at the time. She then journeyed to Melbourne in order to obtain work, but after an unsuccessful search for a situ ation came back to Brown Hill, and gave herself up to the police. - She had 2S pre vious convictions recorded against her. The magistrates sentenced her to twelve months’ in (the female prison at Pent ridge. A circular from the Hnder-Treasurer, with regard to the efforts that should be made to guard against imposition in charit able institutions, was read at last night’s meeting of the Hospital committee. Ac companying the circular was a form sug gested as one to be adopted by the Hospi tal for signature by any patient desiring either admission or attention at the hos pital, and also by the member of commit tee recommending the applicant. It was explained that it was not desired to con fino the Hospital authorities to these ques tions, but that these must be asked by any institution claiming grants from the Go vernment, and that questions and answers would bo examined very carefully by the Inspector of Charities. Amongst the stipulations was one that, except in cases of destitution, a fee of as should be de manded for registration purposes, whether in cases of in or out-patients. The secre tary (Mr Eagleton) remarked that this system had been adopted for some years by the leading hospitals at Melbourne, and had been the means of bringing in consid erable revenue to those institutions. . On the motion of Mr M'Kee, seconded by Mr Barker, it was resolved to refer the matter to the finance committee for report, as it was deemed too important a matter to deal with off-hand. . In connection with the death of Mr Lang, tho well-known sportsman, which occurred on Monday at Elsternwick, the following incident is related:—Mr Lang trained Nimblefoot when that sensational horse won the Melbourne Cup in 1870. Nimblefoot was owned by Mr W. Craig, of Craig's Hotel, Ballarat, and some time be fore the race Mr Craig dreamt that his horse would win the race; with the jockey wearing a black arm-band on account of his (Mr 'Craig’s) death. Mr Craig died before tho race, and the remarkable dreani was verified by Nimblefoot being ridden to victory by a jockey named Day. wearing a black arm-hand. A remarkable wager was won in connection with this event. Mr J. B. Slack, a big double event bookmaker in those days, laid Mr Craig .£lOOO to four cigars against the double Croydon for the A.J.C. Metropolitan and Nimbefoot for the Melbourne Cup. The double came off, and though death might have been considered as cij'-filing the wager, Slack paid Mr Craig’s widow half of tho amount. Senior Constable Moore, who four or five years ago was stationed in Ballarat East, but lias has recently been on duty in Rich mond, died yesterday at the police depot hospital from typhoid fever. Deceased, who was only 42 years of age, was very popular in this district. The following prayer is being issued by the Bishop for use by members of the Church of England in this diocese: "Prayer for the Church in England.—Al mighty Father, lot Thy pity cleanse and defend our church in England. Out of present discords lead her by the right way, good Lord. Holy Ghost, who makest men to be one mind, bestow on all her members the spirit of unfaltering fidelity in all things essential, of loving forbear ance in all things indifferent. Purge out from among them pride, prejudice, and passion, and whatever else may hinder godly union and concord in Thy Church. And grant, wo implore Thee, to the chief pastors of Thy flock in our dear mother land that wisdom which can come from Thee alone, to guide her course aright in these perplexing days, and rule with jus tice and with mercy, according to Thy will, so that out of trouble may come more solid peace, ami out of that which threat ens dishonor greater glory to Thy blessed name, and advancement to Thy holy cause—through the mediation of Thy dear Son, Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen." From Heir F. E.. Bilz, of Leipsic, we have received a remarkable pamphlet on "Disarmament and Hniversal Peace," which sets out with the curious offer to “wager 50,000 marks that within the next 50 to 100 years all wars will have disap peared from the world." Possibly the settlement of tho bet will be a matter for posterity. Relativo to the wars of the past, he recapitulates the startling statis tics showing that the Crimean war cost 750,000 lives, the Italian 45,000, the war of Schleswig-Holstein 3000, the Austro-Prus sian (1866) 45.000, the Mexican 65,000, the Pranco-Prussian 215,000, the Turco-Ser vian 25,000, tho Turco- Russian 600,000: that is a total of 1,748,000 human lives. If we add the 800,000 who fell in the Amercan Civil war (apart from) the num ber of dead in battle and from wounds reaches 2,548,000 men, without counting the deaths from cholera, typhus, dysentery and other unavoidable accompaniments of war. According to Taine, the supremacy of Napoleon I. alone, between 1801 and 1815, cost tho French 1,700.000 lives; to which at least 2,000,000 not French must bo added. The Crimean war cost 340 mil lions of pounds, the Italian 60 millions, tho American 1440 millions, the Schleswig- Holstein 7 millions, the Austro-Prussian 66 millions, the Mexican 40 millions, the Franco-Prussiau 500 millions, the Turco- Russian 250 millions; total 2743 millions. The English Peaco Alliance has published an interesting pamphlet showing the cost of British wars during the last 50 years. From this it appears that the total cost of tho wars, compensations for slaves emancipated, and general military ex penses for Great Britain in the period mentioned, amount to the vast sum of 2,135,644,246 pounds sterling. The hospital committee last night decid ed that they could not vote the £25 asked for from the bequest of tho late Mrs Ha thorne to the father and mother of Vir ginia Drayton, a legatee who pre- deceased tho testator. A report was received from tho president and the honorary solicitor, to the effect that they would not be justi fied in so doing, for, apart from the ille gality of the proceeding Mrs Hathorne very evidently did not intend such a bequest, or she would have made provision for it. The president reported that Mr A. Anderson, who was unable to be present at the meet ing, had requested him to state that he was in favor of voting the money. On the motion of Mr Permewan, seconded by Mr Barker, it was resolved to act on the soli citor's opinion. Tho Ballarat Liedertafel 103rd concert will be given in the Mechanics’ Institute Hall on Monday night next. Amongst those who will take part in tho programme are Mr J. Gregor Wood, who is stated to bo tho finest tenor in Australia, and who has recently returned to the colony after an absence of five years in England, where he went for the purpose of completing his training, and Mr Wm. Elder, who has a great reputation as a monologuo enter tainer. Mr Elder will give as one of his numbers, “How Rubenstein Played,” an item which, on his last appearance 'in Bal larat, evoked enthusiastic applause. The charge for admission to the concert has been fixed at Is. Mr Edward Adcock, of'Melbourne, will deliver a lecture on “The dignity and sanctity of labor," at the Rubicon street Wesleyan Church tlii3 evening. The pro ceeds are in aid of tho trust funds. The lecture is stated to be both amusing and instructive, press notices stating that “Mr Adcock is an eloquent and forcible speaker, and an accomplished mimic." Mr Adcock is anxious to raise .£lO.OOO for churches of all denominations, charities, and mechanics’ institutes, and already .£2500 of that amount has been realised. The Rev E. W. Nye wrote to the hospital committeo last night, asking that in his absence Sister May, a deaconess recently appointed by the Wesleyan Church, should bo permitted to visit patients in the hos pital who might desire the attendance of a spiritual adviser during his absence. It was pointed out that a similar request had been refused in other cases, on the ground that it might lead to a system of visiting which could not be controlled by the com mittee, and would not, therefore be in the interests of tho patients. On tho motion of Mr J. M. Barker, seconded by Mr L. Phillips, it was resolved to decline to ac cede to the request. At the City Police Court yesterday, Mr Johns, P.M., presided, and adjudicated upon two debt cases. In one of these the plaintiff arrived about two minutes past 10, and found that the case had been struck out. He informed the court that ho had frequently had to wait half an hour before his cases came on, and he did not think that it would have been different on this occasion. Mr Johns consented to reinstato the case on tho books, and a ver dict for the amount claimed was given. Mr J. B. Pearson’s b m Contrast, 5 years, by Commotion—Contcssina, yesterday won tlio Adelaide Cup. After her race in the Elder Stakes on Saturday (which she won from good performers like Le Vur, Paul Pry, Gnullo and the Sydney Cup winner, Diffidence, at weight for age), Mr Pearson’s mare at once became favorite for yester day’s big race, in which she was asked to carry only 7 st. Her owner must have had .a good, win, as ho is reported to have in vested £2O on tho "machine” for Satur day’s race, which returned him over .£35 for each pound, and to have solidly backed her to win the Cup. Victorian horses (Porest and Contrast) have therefore won tho two principal events of tlie S.A.J.C meeting. Testerday’s race was theVlst Adelaide Cup, which was instituted in 18M and continued annually until 1869. it lapsed for the next two years, was revived in 1872 and kept up yearly until 1835, when it again lapsed until 1889, since which vear there has been no break. The last "five years in succession the Cup has been won by Victorian horses, viz., Mr A. S. Chirn side’s Elswick, Mr E. Tower’s Warpaint' Mr W. Murray’s Mora, Sir Rupert Clarke’s Paul Pry and Mr Pearson’s Contrast. The improvement effected by the relay ing of the surface in Bridge street has been much appreciated by the many drivers of vehicles who use that busy thorough fare. The roadway has now set level, anil forms a good and, to all appearances, a durable surface. The cost of the work was ■£3SO 17s for labor and ,£127 for the re pitching of the channels, but as a set off there was about 600 cubic yards of metal and 660 squaro yards of pitchers taken off the road, this quantity of material is valued at about .£250, and is now available for repairs in other portions of the town. Tho inquiry into tho circumstances sur rounding the death of .lohn Corkhill who was found in a dying condition in his hut at Main Lead, near Beaufort, on Satur day, was held on Tuesday, and evidence of a highly sensational character was given by Dr Lethbridge, which will be found in detail elsewhere. Tho jury returned a verdict of death from apoplexy, but in re gard to the marks of violence' which were found on the body, added that there was no evidence to show how they were in llicted. The secretary of the Ballarat Liedertafel Mr A. E. Lilburne, who recently com municated with Messrs Allan and Cos. Melbourne, offering on behalf of the society to tender a benefit concert to Miss Amy Castles, has received a reply stating that for the present Miss Castles’ movements are somewhat uncertain, but that they wilt advise later on if the offer could be ac cepted.- This letter was, however, re ceived a fortnight ago, and since that time no advico has come to hand. Last night, towards the end of the ad dress by Lev. Henry Howard, at the Neil street church, an elderly lady'was seen to fall forward in a fit. She was at once re moved to the vestry, and Dr Mitchell, who was present in the church, attended her, and she shortly afterwards recovered suffi ciently to be able to proceed to her home. The Ballarat Liedertafel are about to . enter into active rehearsal of the opera "Moses in Egypt," with the object of pro ducing it in character at no distant date Music loving people will be glad to hear of the treat in store for them. The Lieder tafel also intend entering at the South street competition for the choir prizes. The fourth of the Rev H. Howard’s series of lectures on "The.Mani’estations of tlm Risen Christ" was delivered at the Neil street Lecture Hall last night. There was a very large attendance and the lec ture proved of a most interesting charac ter. The inquiry into the circumstances sur rounding the death of the young man, Harry Clarkson, who was poisoned by strychnino on the 26th ult., wiil be re sumed this morning, before .Mr Chalk, J.P. As, however, the analysis by Mr Blackett of the bottles of quinine and medicine forwarded to him has not yet been received, the inquiry will probably ba adjourned. The case of Walker versus Chalker, in which a bank official sues for the recovery of .£5O, stated to have been paid in mis take on a bank draft from Japan, will in all probability be proceeded with this morning at the City Court, as up to yes terday evening it had not been settled.' Avery enjoyable concert was given, at the Wondotiree Asylum last night by a party of visitors organised by Mrs Gerald Holland. A programme that was highly appreciated by the inmates was contri buted by Miss Holland, Miss Nellie Hol land, Mrs Ernest Miller, Miss Wignev, and Messrs Holland, P. Towl, W. White, and Paul. Miss Wigncy Uceompanied throughout. The patients frequently tes tified their appreciation of the performers’ efforts, and at the conclusion of the con cert a dance was held, which was enjoyed by all present. Avery pleasant event took place at the establishment of Messrs Cocking ami Skewes last evening. Mr Charles J onlan, in severing his connection with the firm— he and his brother having purchased n business at Ararat —was made the recipient of a handsome traveling bag from the employes. Mr Franklyn, on behalf of the firm, in making the presentation, wished him every successs. Mr Jordan, in respon ding, thanked his fellow employes for the high esteem in which they held him even more than for the gift, and said that he would always remember the many happy days that had marked their association. A meeting of tlio committee of the All Nations Fair was held yesterday afternoon in the City Hall; Mrs Williams presiding. Several stalls were arranged for, hut all the stall holders have not yet decided what costumes to adopt. The ladies reported that they were meeting with much suc cess. The City Mayor yesterday decided to hand over the cheque for <£2 odd received from the Seventh Day Adventists to the Hospital, and the collector can obtain tlio amount by calling at the City Hall. 