1 Wl" """J ' .]JI.1 Jil ?!? JSTATXJRAXJISX. _-» ? . . AN ADVENTURE WITH ELEPHANTS. Elephant catohing bas long been prac- tised in the North-Eastern distriots. The most successful man was Mr Sanderson, but a good deal of that was due to the system introduced by his predecessor, Mr Nuttall, and to his having aetod on the advioe of the late Captain Williamson, to «ommenoe operations in tho Garrow country, the old grounds having been over-hunted, and also to his own great energy, and not interfering too muon with his trained mahouts. I accompanied Mr Nuttall in one of his last hunts-his health was then broken down from repeated attaoks of fever, whioh led, a year or so afterwards, to his death. But he was most anxious to do his duty, and, know* ing that I took great interest in everything oonncoted with sport, he asked mo to accom- pany him. I wanted him then to try the foot of tho Garrow hills, but his arrange- ments had already been made, and wo went into one of his old beats in the Chittagong distriot. To oatob, elephants months of preparation are required. I oould not got away as soon as I oxpeoted, and it was only a few days bofore the flual drive took plaoo that I joined him. We wore not very saoooasful. In tho first koddah only twonty-seven aud in the second only ninetoen elephants were caught, whioh soarcoly paid for tho expenses in ourrod ; but no blame oould be attaohod to tho superintendent, for both ho and his hoad sergeant had boon, and wore still, off and on ill from malarialfover. Thoohiof jomudarhad died, tho sooond had boon killod, whilst the third, who would have suoooodod, had loft tho department and talco a service with mo some timo before ; so as tho hoads of tho depart- ment woro not properly represented, tho op«rations sulforod. Elophnnt oatohing in keddahu has often boon dosoribod, and, but for a ourious oiroumstauoo whioh happonod, I sb'mid not bo now writing thin artiolo. Tiio herd wo had surroundod was » vory j largo ono, and aftor two days' oonatant trouble and watohing by day and night, tho greater part of tho animals had bonn driven into tho ro-ontoring anglo of tho keddah, whon thoro was a great disturbanoo ahead, and tho loading filos halted and showed siguB of breaking back. Wo found it waa oauBod by a tigor, who had got into tho stookado and was ondoavouring to got back into tho jungle. Mr Nuttall was aroused from his aiok bod, and, looking vory fooble, took command, and every available man and beast was pushed to tho front to induce the recalcitrant beasts to oontinue thnir flight within tho enclosure. . They were driven forward once or twice, but rushed baok in a panic on hearing tho guttoral roar of the tiger, who was just in- side the paling in a clump of long graBS. I went some distanoe ahead and olimbed up,a' tree that overlooked tho interior, with the view of slaying Mr Stripes, but I could not get a glimpse of him. But he must have left his post to try if ho oould find another, exit, and during this interval the roaring ceased, and we managed to get twenty-seven, adult elephants, fivo tuskers, two muohnas, fifteen well-grown females, and five three parta grown youngsters, besides »bout four oalvos, well inside. Tue brute just then roared again, and the herd inside right about faoed, and tho people, fearing that it might escapo, barred the ontranoe rather prema- turely, for some dozen more elephants were then oloae by, and might have entered. The men on the lookout endeavoured to with- draw the bars, but just then a sucoesaion of roars causod a fearfnl panic, and all those not already entrapped forood their way back and esoaped. Nuttall had to retire almost in an unconscious state, and, as I was a stranger, I had no control over the koddah men, and neither my elephants nor jemadar were with me. Once a herd is entrapped, everything should be kept as quiet as possible. Fires are Ht outside, and men armed with spears and blazing torches stationed outside ; while tho animals mußt not be irritated. Bat that confounded tiger would not be quiet, neither could ho esoape, so he kept them on the qui vive the whole night. If the captives are lef b in peace for a few hours they settle down and get reconciled to their fato. As soon as it was daybreak I asked Nuttall if I Bhould tro inside on a staunoh f-lephant and en- deavour to shoot the feline, but he thought it was better not to do so ; and now that it was .daylight, he thought the tiger would find a loophole and eaoape. I was just retiring to my tent to bathe when there was a greater row than ever, ind the jemadar begged me to come with him, and he would Bhow me a tree whenoe I could pot the tiger -because, if he was allowed to disturb the herd much longer, he was sure they would i rush at the barred entrance In a body and escape. I went at once and took up my position. I oould seo a great commotion going on, but could not seen any portion of the tiger. . The roaring of the boast and the trumpeting of tho elephants were incessant ; the herd wer o gathered in a cluster, with their tails almost touching the stookade, en- deavouring to get away as far as possible from a clump of grass. I was thinking of firing into the grass, when I saw a large tusker rush forward, and with a vigorous kiok with his forefoot, he Bout a brindled mass flying, and, following up his opponent quickly, ho threw him well into the air. As he foll tho tusker got him botwoen his logs and commenced to play football, kicking the struggling brute forward with bis hind legs and back with his foro, and I knew all woald soon be over. Tho tiger's roars degenerated into half roarB, half growltf, which wpro all but overpowered by the screams of the' elephants, who in oborus created a din whioh oould be heard many miles off, and whioh wera taken op and ro-eohoed by our tame .elephants. Thia brought poor Nuttall off his siok bod ; but tho tragedy was all but finished. The tigar, with a . dying effort, got hold of the éléphant'» foreleg just abovo the foot ; the paohyderm gave one prolonged, sorcam, then, uhaking off the incubus, spun clear, and with lightning speed knelt on his opponent, who soon gave up the ghost. The enraged monster lifted him up and threw him towards the herd, who rushed forward, And in a fow mmntes kicked and trampled the tiger into tho dirt, leaving no somblanoe of biB ever having been tho king of beasts. Sven after it wan evident that there was no lifo left in their foo, first one elephant and then another would run forward, and after administering a kiok, quickly retire, giving utteranoe to his valedictory address. "We doubled guards over the Btookade for two days, and as the imprisoned beasts had had no water and but suoh fodder an we threw into thom, thev wnro greatly subdued, and we had no difficulty in tethering them one by one and leading them to a place where thero was plenty of water and fodder. As we could not remove the akin of the tiger for nearly throe days, it eventually spoilt ; but when we got the body of tho tiger out, it waa wonderful to soo what little damage had been done to tho Bkin, though of oourse the body waa most offensive. After being washed and pegged ont, no ono would have guosaad what a violent death tho beast had mot, but the hair peeled off, and aa a trophy tho «kin was useless. Our sooond venture was ovon leas success- ful, and quito uneventful. Poor Nuttall Boon afterwards diod, exhausted by thirty years' roaidonoo Jn this malarial and pesti- lential portion of our posaenstons-but after doing his duty Uko a man.-F. T. POLLOX. Oork, if sunk 200ffc in tho oooan, will not riao on aaoouat oí Mio prossnre of tho water. Somo naturalists baliovo that hares never drink, but got enough liquid for their nooda in tho dow on the grasa thoy oat. Japanoso cbildron writo with the lefthand, but with tho right hand oan turn out 1* par cont moro work in a given timo. If a porson outs hiß oyolaahes he weakens his eyoa. Wonwn aro omployod as letter carriers in several parts of I? rauco. Eighty-five por oent of the people who are lame are affootod in tho left side. 