A Ghost Hunter's story. In a secluded little Essex village it was that a writer for Cassell's " Satur day Journal" recently came across an individual who, in addition to being a market-gardener, was famous locally as a "ghost- clearer." His spectre-rout ing services are seldom now required. Apparltions appear each year less sel domr than formerly to human eyes. But the man in question enjoys a lhuge repu tation for weird services rendered in the past. "I've cleared some of the worst ghosts in the country," said lie convincingly, "and they used to take a deal more getting rid of than they do now. When I first started, there were scores of places, barns in particular, that were haunted. Bags of grain used to be cut and thrown about, and doors unlocked so that animals escaped and were lost. There was even a haunted windmill that used to grind away on nights when there wasn't a breath of air stirring and tile machlinery was out of gear. But for the most part they were knocking and tapling ghosts that I had to deal with. How I came to take up this job was like this. An old farmer had died suddenly. Hits farm was put up to be let, but for a long time no one took it. Then, when a tenant was found, he quickly cleared out again. A ghost had entered into possession. wiellh at intervals during the night knocked on doors or shutters, three slow and soft, and lthen three quick and loud knocks. Tile owner offered lb:lf-a sovereign to any one who would spend a night on the premises, and I agreed to do so. I took with lme a lantern and a thick ash stick, and wh-en about 11 o'clock the others left me I sat just In side the open door listening. About ten minutes after midnight there canme the knocks, seeming about half way across tile room. At once I knocked back, and silence followed. About 3 o'clock they came again. I an snwered, and did so once more Just as it was getting light. Other people had previously heard the noises con tinuously all night long. But the ghost hadn't gone. He wnas at it again next night ; and after watching for four nights and knocking back each time three times, I began to think the ghost meant to stop there, nlien the idea oc curred to me to sit in the dark and see If I could see anything. Punctually at 1I came the raps. I waited. They were immediately repeated, and then I answered. A terrific knocking at once began. so loud as to nearly stun le ; it got fainter and fainter, and died away to nothing, and was never heard again. And that I've found Is necessary int all glhost-clearing jobs-you must be alone, and in complete darkness. Have I ever seen a ghost ' Can't say that I have. There's two sorts of them, you know; the ghosts that haunt old mansiolns. which glide about and can be seen but never create the slightest noise save a faint rustling ; and those -which cannot be seen, and that yet give knocks and throw things about and do damage. I once wanted to 'lay' one of the first sort; but when I went tothe country seat where it walks in a corridor the nmaster said that he valued the spectre as much as the avenue of elm trees or the splendid hall for lwhcll the place is also noted, and wouldn't have It interfered with for worlds. Do I believe in them ? Most cer tainly I do; and so do many otlheo, or I shouldn't have made what I have by clearing them. Yes, some times, of course, they're frauds. There was one ghost Ihat drove away a poultry farmer by a dreadful moaning noise at night. The man took to sleep lug somewhere else ; and whenever the ghost was heard some of the Ipoultry would next day be miosing. I offered to try and clear the place, and was al lowed to make the attempllt. A window was left unfastened for me to elnter by, and I hadn't been in many minutes be fore I heard quick footsteps In the empty kitchen, and then a long whlis Dering followed. A smell of tobacco smoke ienached me. Anl hour passed. Then odtstelps approtachled. Feeling sure that I 'had hulman beings to deal with, I scrambled silently out of the window again, and crouched n1' the ibushes out lide. A second later a dark form ap peared at the window. It raised a long cardboard cone to its mouth and pro duced 1"he, by That time well-known. weird ulmoaning sound. Ilnulmediately I lut Iy 1halds round muy mouth a1nd. as loudly as I couldd, imilated tIe wail. T~here was a sudden yell, answered by another from the kitchen. The 'ghost' Slaped Julo my arlnts, where I hield hillm till I had recognised him as a poullerer's utssistant from the town. 'That little business brought me In five po?uds." 