PUBLISHED BT SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. Qhost of ^andstOaTne, How It Was Caught, By LILIAN QUILLER COUCH, Author of "Christmas Eve Conspiracy," "Three Quarters of;an Hour," "Discomfort at Dowdcn Farm," "Wife of a Sinner,"'• "A Spanish Maid," &c.;, &c.; •f:' COPYBIGHT. ILBERT "Warren never forgot Eleanor Hard wick as die walked into the Hare's drawing room at Bury Hall on that memorable He-1 comber after noon. When, he camo to think of it afterwards he found that the afternoon was memorable only because she had walked into the Hares drawing-room then, and he had looked upon hefi for the first time.' . •Miss Hard wick's coming was not unex pected to Gilbert; hehad heenpresentnhen her invitation was first suggested bv Colonel Hire to his wife; ,It was Htw Hardwick herself who' was unexpected; known before that anyone could be so beau nhout three weeks earlier that Coldnel Hare bad suddenly put ^wn 'm newspaper, and, looking across ti e breakfast taWo at his wife, had first mentioned Mas the-hye, Maggie," he .began, "I intended to ask vou about old Hardwick s grandchild; but it quite slipped my memory whch X irot buck last night* . . . Mrs? Hare's plenum blue eyes looked P°?01d Hard wick's grandchild?" she re peafed. "X don't remember. " Oh, no, my dear, X was forgcttin^. To never met old Hardwick. I used to knou him'will when I was a young fdlow.bcfore weVreremarried. Hb had e Pla«down ^... an outlandish part of the world, called Lande ' wmnoT and fie used to entertain royally. Dear me, it must be between thirty and forty ye?'Thodbad?" asked Gilbert, who hap pened to be the ouly guest at Bury Halljus then, and had grown interested in gettm= the topic forward a little. . _ , r " Yes; that is what I was coming to. X . met Collis at the club, yesterday, and in I piking over old times before I went to lndm he mentioned Landcwurnc, and then told me of oTd Hardwiefi's death-over a year ago ■The property, he heard, went to a gtandclul l \--the only living rela.ion-a girl, who had bee., brought up by the old man. She must be young Kit Hardwick 8 child. Poor■ XuU "And what were you going to.ah m about her, dear ? " suggested Mrs. Hare. ^ \- £?& uiee houseful, and ^ m^" eQnf nother niter 'l went to India, tat hejasmorcftan totwndtoftelirTmsomeway It must te dlsSal for lier; living withsomeoA chabtrHn most likely, down in that lonely oTcat house miles away from e«rywhere. ^"It is a masterly picture yo.. 6keteb. colonel," laughed Gilbert. "Lonely mansion beautiful heiress, Stern feraf" be \- know Mrs. Hare's tender heart rrmst &e; already yearning to comfort Miss Hardwick. Mrs. Hare laughed also. uk « X will write to-day, .tor, if | ^fchri'mirttae.0 7p^ /iR>n pfltflmcrfi. . a? ~ "sirs ^Miss Hardwick aid not decline.; she accepted. And Gilbert ££ expected an hoiress, perhaps pretty but ccr s&tjs; a & .sruss* lifer, to receive her hostess s welcome. Wil taghf teoumk tor, 'whidi escaped to —a Ktvq nufl eves of a clear gruj plexion white as mto wiin a on cheeks and lips, and eyes ofator grey colour. She seemed perfect; pP*lll = t^kc. ^^»=riu^tof her head brought the word regal ™GUbertnwkrren had travelled mat scores of beautiful women, had admired ?crtara, tel tat he went down roctophon ^Uy, as ttttitafin before Eleanor Hardwick, ! as she looked cound upon hor fellow guests, ! and smiled and bowed us Mrs. Hare made her brief introductions. After that there was a week—an intoxi cating- week at Bury Hall, when Gilbert Warren fell delirious with the fever of love. | It was a sudden and severe case, but even bis oldest friends guessed nothing of its ex tremity. Ho did his best to answer when I addressed, he believed he even carried on a 1 sensible conversation, and bo hoped that bis | instincts would keep his politeness up to a fair average; but as a,matter of fuct he scarcely realised the presence, or cared for the existence, of anyone hut Miss Hardwick; for him there was only one person in the house— 2dis3 Hardwick, except a shadowy hostess, who was kind to him. 44Eight and thirty, and plain," he would moan inwardly, as he assessed his advantages and disadvantages. 44 Rich. But what does she • caro for money—money made by iron too! She is.beautiful, kind, gracious—but a little proud; she Would1-scorn the 'iron.' And she has certainly grown a little colder to me lately." So at'times he lushed him self, and suffered. On the night of tho big dance, which was to wind up the .fortnight's festiritcs at Bury Hall, Gilbert stood in tho 'doorway of* the [temporary ballroom, and watched Hiss Hardwick as the danced a quadrille with Colonel Hare. • Gilbert himself bad danced with her twice— wild, joyful moments, gone through by him with u throbing heart, an impassive face, and a few conventional words—and he hoped to claim a third dance when this quadrille should be over. Three waltzes with the queen of tho night was no mean share, ho admitted, and in gratitude he had done good general service in the ballroom throughout tho rest of tho evening. Now, however, He claimed a few moments* rest to think and to look for ward to the blissful minutes before bim. Eleanor Hardwick was looking her best. She was wearing a gown of white and silver brocade, with edgings of swansdown, which lay softly against her fair neck and arms. She never wore jewels. Gilbert had noticed that fact with some surprise. She was regal without regalia. "She would never condescend tome," ho decided mournfully as he followed her lovely face with his passionate eyes, and noted the glances of admiration it drew from everyone. " She might have the choice of a dozen titles this very night for her acceptance. And I have failed to win even her interest. My lineage will not bear comparison with the others; and my money is nothing to her. The last notes of the quadrille came to a crashing finale., and Gilbert, went forward eagerly, to claim his divinity^:'ho knew*the colonel would bo kind enough to forego the few minutes with his brilliant partner which he might rightly claim. "The next dance is ours, Miss Hardwick," said Gilbert, pleadingly. She smiled in answer, then looked at the colonel; the colonel smiled ruefully, then bowed, and resigned his partner to Gilbert's care. " Shall we go into the conservatory ?" he asked. '"Ah, yes, that will be the cooler," she sighed. " Everyone else seems to prefer the stairs," she added, with a laughing upward glance at the staircase. 4 4 Another reason for our choosing the con servatory," he ventured boldly. "When they reached the flower-scented re treat, it was quite deserted, and Gilbert, with an inward thanksgiving,-led his partner to a deep basket chair, then sank into1' another chair beside her. 44 The last night;" sho said, slowly, almost as if speaking to herself. 441 can scarcely believe it." 41 Idare not trust myself to believe it," he said, impulsively. She turned quickly to look at him. He bit his lip. "To-morrow," she continued, 441 leave this happiness, brilliance, gaiety." j 44 You speak as though you turned your I back upon all pleasure, and went into soli-, tudo," ho objected. j 44 Well," she rejoined, 44 what do yon con-1 sider I go to?" # j 44Ab,"li6 said, quickly. 441 forgot that your homo is loneJy'and fur off. It is hard to realise. You look so—so different. One would always picture you in the midst of lifo and brilliant society." She laughed, but it was not a happy laugh this time. He longed to take ber in his arms and beseoch her never to leave him for that lonely home. Instead, he forced himself to speak lightly. 441 sup pose, in spite of tho distance at which your home lies, you have friends and tenants, and merry-makings, and, surely, a. ghost?" 441 have at least ^9 ghost," she said, slowly, - * 4 44 A real ghost of your own?" he asked in mock -terror. , He was talking feverishly of trifles, feeling as a man who skims round a hole in a sheet of ice, towards which he involuntarily draws nearer. He loved her so passionately, and it was so evident that she cored nothing for him. " What .is it like ?" he persisted. "Aro you afraid of it?" "It is liko '! she paused—"a gray, snarling wolf,' which. prowls about outside-= and at length—comes in at tho door ;*and I am afraid of it,'* she answered,'shuddering. Thensh&Toused; herself.. "Fancy talking of ghosts to- night I You, also,' go to-morrow, don't you? Do you go back to such pleasant thines as vflu uicture for mo?" - things as you picture for me V ""I go back to nothing pleasant," he re turned,-gloomily, "not even a ghost." . "Oh, come!" she laughed. "Why do you take.the sad view of Hie?. I fancy.that in reality you are one of the favoured few,* possessing everything needful, and most, things pleasant. For instance—leisure?"! 44 Yes," dolefully. 44And health?" '4 Yes," still dolefully. 44 And gold?" ".Yes, gold I" he cried. 44 Bat gold* will not buy everything. Many a time I have had leisure, health, ana gold, and have still been hungry." • "Hungry !" she whispered, and her eyes dilated. Looking at her, he thought she seemed frightened. 44 Surely you do not think that those things alone can make a man happy, you who.can count as your own. worship, admiration, beauty, power, a brilliant present, and, I doubt mot, a still more brilliant future?" He had forgotten his surface impassiveness, his voice was eager, desperate. 44 You claim .much forme," she said, and her voice was a little unsteady. 44 Yet—if we ever meet again—you will scorn " She faltered. All her brightness, her little air of hauteur, were gone from her suddenly; her bead drooped, a weariness came into her face, and as Gilbert looked, wondering, two tears ran down ber cheeks, and splashed upon the white and silver brocade. "Miss Hard wick! Eleanor! " he cried, clasping the little gloved hand which lay trembling' on the chair arm. "Don't you know that I love you—that " "Ah, no I" She started np, and spread her hands as if warding him off in fear. Gilbert rose, too, and faced her. . "No,1* she cried, "you must not—I Xou don't know—! I " In another moment their solitude was in vaded. Light laughter and the swish of silken skirts drew near. With & wonderful mastery over her emotion Miss Hardwiek finished her sentence. " I think it is time we went back." she said,, with a con-, yentional smile, laying her trembling hand on; Gilbert's arm, and without another word he led here back to tho ballroom. The next day she went—from his sight, from his life, it seemed toGilbert. The other guests who were left were enthusiastic over Miss Hard wick's charms, until the time came for their own departure, when the subject of their admiration was forgotten in the greater importance of their rugs and foot- warmers. Gilbert alone felt that nothing could blot her from his heart, and ho turned his back on Bury Hall feeling that nothing in the world was worth doing, or seeing,- or acquiring, now that Eleanor Hardwiek had refused his love. 