A BAG OF GOLD. By J. MACLAREN COBBAN in Ditroit Free Press. CHAPTER 1. It was market day in Folfoid; and, moreover, it was the day of the October- cattle fair. Farmers and their men, young and old, from twenty miles round, - wandered about the crowded market place, chewing straws or grain, or crack- ing nuts won at the cock-shies, thoughtfully feeling the fat on the rumps of heifers or on the backs of sheep and pigs, or looking into the mouths of horses to see how old they were. Young Stubbs, of Scrooby, was an exception to the general rule of occupa- tion. He seemed to have nothing to do and to have no interest to anything that went on, from the cock-shies at one end of the fair to the jokes of the cheap jack at the other. He neither chewed straws nor cracked nuts, nor handled cattle; he merely wandered about, sad, disconsolate and limp, with his dog at his heels, a collie, as lame and disconsolate as himself. ' How do, John,' his acquaintances cheerfully said, as they met him. ‘How do?’ he murmured in reply, and passed on. He neglected the farmers' ordinary, at the Red Lion ; he only ate a chunk of bread and cheese in a corner of the tap-room and drank therewith a pint of ale and, then resumed his wandering. The short afternoon was drawing in when on the outskirts of the fair, be met the parson of the parish he had lately moved from. ‘Well, Mr. Stnbbs,' said the parson politely but kindly, enough, ‘ how are things going with you ?’ 'Very bad, sir! ‘ answered Stubbs. ' Couldn't be worse. I'm fair broke ! 'Broke !’ said the parson. 'How's that !’ How's that,' sir? ‘ said the young man as if it might be the parson's fault. 'Bad weather, sir , crops selling for well nigh nothing ; half a year's rent overdue ; bill o' sale on farm stock fallen in ! and three days o' grace will be up day after to-morrow. That's how it is.' 'Oh, come, John, ‘cheer up ; you’ll pall through,' said the parson. You have a good, brave little wife, and both she and you are yonng yet' ‘ Ay,' said John, 'she is a good un, bless her brave heart !’ And his lips began to tremble with emotion; a little more and he would have broken down, but he held himself in hand. ‘How is she,' John ? asked the parson. She's chirpy, sir,’ said John, ' but she's sick in bed !' ' Oh ! And how's the baby ?' The bairn's dead a week ago !' cried John, at length bursting into tears, 'And the wife'e fair down — and so am I.’ By the young farmer's outburst of grief and despair the parson’s official hopefulness was smitten into silence for a moment. ‘You must look up, John,' said he at length. ' Look up to the Lord for help, ' I will lift up mine eyes onto the hills, - you know, 'from whence cometh my help.' You know the verse ; you must look up, John — you most look up’ 'Yes,’ said John : ‘I look up ; but I see nought — nought !’ You'll be going home presently, I suppose,’ said the parson, moving away; it was evidently a case in which pro- fessional words of comfort were of no avail ‘ Yes,' said John : I’ll be going home presently. I only, came to see if I could do anything; I thought, you see that maybe somebody might— But there, I don't know why I should bother you, sir, with my troubles.’ ' No bother, John —no bother,' said the parson. ‘ I am sorry for you — very sorry indeed. But remember ‘The Lord is present help in trouble.' Good-by. Trust in the Lord.' So the parson shook his hand, and went off. He did not mean to be either hypocritical or unkind ; only he did not know what in the world to say or do in so desperate a case ; he was very poor and had a wife and children of his own. When the parson was gone, John Stubbs uttered no word, and cherished no thought in resentment of the parson's behavior ; he merely looked around him in wild helplessness and returned into the town. He had come to the fair in the hope —a faint one, but still hope— that he might meet with a kind friend who would lend him so much or so much, or that at least he might prevail on the holder of the bill of sale to give him time : for- man buried in debt and difficulty, dies hard ; it takes him long to give up hope of himself and of other people. But John Stubbs was almost done ; he was nearly at his last gasp. He had met no kind friend who was likely to be either able or willing to lend him money ; and the solicitor who held his bill of sale (upon whom he had called as soon as he entered the town ) had refued any accommodation. After part- ing with the parson he thought he would try the solicitor again. He resolutely nerved himself and entered the man’s office. ‘Now, Mr. Stubbs ! complained the lawyer, ' it's really too bad ! No really ; 'pon my word ! I know all you want to say. I’m sorry, but things must take their course ! I can’t hear you ! I’m busy.’ And John Stubbs went out again and stood in the street, his heart beating fiercely. He was commonly an inoffen- sive, good tempered man, but he was driven into a corner.’ Must they ! he thought, with growing resentment and desperation. Why must they ? He wandered away, and it grew dark. an eay ereoing twribance to entfoe Hip crenywbo might be wHjjjuig to pnter and yet who wished to; catch;: the trainhome. John-Stabta gazed' at s great inmate placard oin thefrontol the theatre ; / for two nights only,' he'resd, Jerry Owen's travellings company io the world-famed .'Lea tSopbea dB Gorne-j ville.'r " v ' ' v m He read, aodbelooked long at the brilliantly colored plcture which hat been for years throughout the world the pictorial advertisement of that, enter taining musical comedy; He' saw an old man in a strange dress raking at a vast "collection - ot golden - -sovereigns which jjoored from a table' on the floor. ' L il 2 ' wss'tlie exclamation in his heart, triA/jnught only pick np the -crumbs that -fell from ne rich man'stablp !' Z . -t _.,r " After a moment's debate- with -him self, riepaid bismoneyand entered jhe pit. It may., seem incredible "in there days; that John Stabbe had never in' his life beenjmaiheatres before.; theatres bad not beeri'ih. his way' hor he in theirs— they: had not .met till then. He had, therefore— being a man' of little .reading— no notion of what he should see on the stage, or, indeed," that there wonld bea-etace at el). But when -the' tuirtain rdse theillQ- eion was complete he believed all he saw and all be heard, from the .twitter- ing of the girl In a short. frock to the rich singing of the fisher- lad. He saw neither actress nor actor/ hot real people, cin their habit' aa they lived' . — Bome where where he ' had . never been. When the act ended he wonld have eat on in a dream, wailing till the busintss on the- stage weat forward again ; bat an acquaintance came along and in sisted tapon his going with him bo get a drink. 1 want to bide here,' said John, ' and see what they do next.' Come oo, man,' said tile other. It won't' lake us nobbut a prinnte or two and .-you'll be . .back in yonr seat. in .no' time ' Hast never been in a theatre be fore ? John Stnbbs confessed that he bad never been In theatre before ; aod then be eaid something which might hat% been taken to soggest be fancied that the 'particular play he bad seen part of waB always . being performed —that and 'I haven't seen yet/ said hp,- the! old gentieman with Mb. mort of sore- J reigns od the table. I suppose he's a I very rich fellow — rolling in money." 1 Hie acquaintance laughed. I 'Very likely as -poor as a cbnrch monsei Don't yon know , that Iheml fellows and - females jnst pretend all 1 that?' . 1 But the 'ptrohg ' iflasiori of the stage I still held John Stnbbs, and he conld I not believe wbat the other paid. They I went outside the theibc to their drink. Over, a side doorway tbey saw | a lantern on which- was pajj, 'Stage door.' -- X3- . 'There!' said the acquaintance, -that's where you'd see 'em come oat When ifs all over ; and I'd bet yon a dollar they'd .ljpok.pooiithw jou pt j me.' John Stubbs thnogbt that if they were as poor as he theywonld be poor" indeed. Bot "if; Hiey were poor really, how conld tbey cany on' ae they did . on the etage I . No. , He conld not believe it Presontiy tbey reentered the theatre, 1 i-L _ . _!&> MfaaiP AH TnLn tIDU Ulti |UHJ WOIV VUl »uuu.wvaw»ei left bis place no more. Hp beeame.j more and more ehgroesed with all he saw and heard. E&pecially; when the ) picture outside the iheatre was realised, j and he saw the old miser fingering the j gold and heard the chink of the beanti- J fol yellow metal, then he was moyed j and fascinated. . j ' The miserable old hanks !' he mar- j mored to himself in bitter indignation, j 1 And a handfnl of that money would | save me aod the poor little wife ! Ooly j ahandfot — a good handful!' J yfksa it ; was over be left the j threatreina daredoonditioin-Jif eye I canght sight of tbpMumihiMM » the towo hall clodt; there wias timej enough yet to catch the last train home, j He would lUce to . see what kind of a fellow the old miser really looked, and he slipped swiftly round to the stage door. 'He stood back and, waited. He eaw girls and young men cpme out, but he he had ho pyes .for them ; he looked for the old miser's figure-Htbegrey head and tbe knee breeches. . At last ft came, j fie could not miptake-tbe man. thongb be wae, dressed Jn ordinary bat -and tronserp, pnd didnotloak as old as John had thought him; But there could be no donbt about "him for there in hie hand-r-fJohn Btobbs'- heart leaped with a fice deaire)— in Mb hand he carried „ wold i certain! V cold— for the jmiser, after a shambling step or 1 twp, stufied the bag into the outer 3 pocket of his big overco»t, aud in: the action John Stnbbs beard distinctly tbe chinkofthe metal — - — - | The miasr did not turn round by the 1 front of the theatre aa the others had doBe, bat walked 'down thB dark and solitary lane in which the stage door Inftdtnite A wild aud hprrid raes- Hob' thdcfoaa ht the- door of John Stnbb'e hpprtVnd was admitted John grasped his heavy. etitk .wItii Aj terrible :JneolutioD „aod ttrbdd iftfer tlw misec. The miser'e mopey l The miser's money 2 had-phly got jt by all kinds of rascality 2 Hearing heavy Meps behind, the miser Jir ;fl6wn the datk lane. , Jrtiii ; 'Mymhney, follow putting np the shntteis that the ; time had sped on, he set off at a inn tb catch his train. lt smo£e bim with a terrible shock what a diffirence ten minntes had made in bim. When last he had eepn the time he was poor and desperate ; now.be was rich, ijot be had committed a terrible deed which there, was- no recalling. He was a murderer. . Without qoite making np bis mind as ti anything wrong he had become both a murderer and a fobber. And yet be. was still John Stnbbs; farmer, of Scroaby. He entered the statidn and fonnd his train jnst as tbe guard had got his whistle" in his hand."' Every carriage and compartment -seemed filled with noisy travellers. -The whistle sounded while be searched for room. . ' Here you are, sir,' cried the guard. He jumped in just as tbe train began to move ; jbmped almost' into the. lap of an acqnaintance he had met at tbe theatre. ' Hallo, John 2' cried the man ; ' that was touch and go. -What made you- so late ? I was here ten minutes ago.' - ' Yes,' thought John, 'ten minutes, ago. Ten mioiibes ago. I was not a mnrderer and . robber.' . But he said notbing like that. "What ho said wa«, I had to get something for the - wife — something I had nigh forgotton.' 'SomethiDg for" tbe wife, eh f Baid the other, who was' half drnnk. Some thing nice ? Is that it in your pocket ? L?tfs have -it oat, Johp,nndpJqok.at it 'Noj no,' said John, in a great" terror, bat sffegtiog archness. ' Youmnst ex cuse me. Only the wife most sea i'.' '" 'What? Shall we have it out, chaps? said the man. ' At that JohojSlobbs felt himself turn white .to tbe nape of bis neck. That saved him. The man's half drunken attention was tnrned off - 'Eh, John,: bat you look dickey? Have a sup o' this ! Aud he handed a flask, at which John-racked and , was presently refreshed. 'Bat where's your dog, John ?' Hie man asked. 'Yoo had' .your dog- at your heel, hbdo't yon ! . 'Bakes alive T micd" -John, with sinqsro concern; for, traly, be had for- I golteb hiB -dog ; where can the feller j be ? I had to rnn to the station, and I j suppose he lost me 1 Dear, deary me 2' CHAPTER JL John StnbbB felt somewhat easier in miod when he left his noisy fellow-., formers in tbe train at Scrooby, and set off homeward down -the dark road. He "was easier, - too, that all connections between him .and "everything in the town ' of Fnlford seemed now cot. Ha felt as if it-wereca-long, long while ago that be had watched thB miser in the theatre and followed htm down tbe lane. - There were but two tbioge that sharply troubled him as '.ha tramped along the dark road ; "what should be say to his wife ? and "what was become of bis dog ? The loes of tbe collie be felt like tbe desertion of a staunch I friend at a critical. Moment; and he I felt it all the more tbat he fanned tbe j desertion mnst have "happened at the I same time as tbat — that bnsiness'io the j jane. The beast, however, was very - intelligent, and would fiud bis way -home. ("Now and then as he tramped on he j thought he heard the pat of soft feet j behind' him ; -but he dared not look I arnnnd : it mivht be his dor. or. on the contrary, it might be — nothing ! VYere there spch things in tbe world ss ghosts — haunting ghosts — ghosts of. men steadily pnrsning those -who had bnrt them ? Bob! Bob 2 Bob!' be ventured to callj in a. low voice. Bat-no dog came forward ; and stilt .< he heard the soft pad, and a chilling shodder crept over him- He walked faster, and' presently . he -rah— ran like a scared child, and never stopped -until he reached- his owe gate. . All was Bilent. . ;Ko. hark saluted him, .and again he felt with i strange paBg fbe absence of Mb -dog, . A . -A light was burning in the. kitchen of the farm house; the maid-if-all- work had gone to bed. His wife had t been in bed ail day. Everything at home was asftc bad left it; hut -on him; what a change, faad cpme'! ' When he thought1 of Ms sick wife a: gash of tenderness came over bim.: "Whatever might happen, he had no pity' I for himself ; boj: be had tbe softest pity I for htr. He' could not terrify' and I burden her with his secret. He would be | cheerful, anJhe would merely say tbat j he had managed to, arrange for some money; hB wonld not even say be had j got it, "He took the light Tram the I Mtchen table and>'vent into the dark I parlor. There was an old oak qecreture 1 there. - Into - a drawer of that he crammed tbe bag" of gold; he.ccnld not j bear ..to . open Hie .bag, or fingers it contents yet. Then he went np to his wife. 'There yon are, John,' eaid Bhe, in a weak -voice, as be crossed the floor to I kiss her. ' Home at last 1 ' < I thought I I heard yon oome in.' i" I « Yee, Jennie, lass, here I am,' said John, stoopiqg over her. 'v j ' And are yon glad; John, io Ibe hdme again with yoor poor little wife ? ' I GladS Yeaj laeB,' eaid John. ' More glad than I can tell' I 'I've been so lonely all day, John. | Pro been thinking over and oyer evgry- thing that Might be happmng- toyon, and everything yon might he saying or doing, it has been a hard day, hasn't |ir, Jonnl' >-'i- /, I '''Hard/yis,' said John, Almost forget- 1 tine himself and bieakine down nnder her teodw'BOlirittede, " Bot, he added, striving after cheerfuloees. 'aftet all's said -end done, 3ji?e thonte -mt'lrid/ i . « Any ne ws, obni sheLasked hrighten- iog with lmpe, :jr-j!?.-s v; ; . ; if .. nuide n -Mod i1 4urifflefnent— I Mhnain'' JpdfrJ&hd;'toktiie- bill bf eale vriilj he mmle np — Mnd of jul" -t ' ltHi/Jiibh 1 : ebe1 eried, in imipehse Hiemoney f .wl - , \ _ . John looked et 1 er piteooBly, arid plucked with his fingers at the fluff of ; the blanket ; he -was strongly tempted ; to tell all, and have done with it, bat he ! thought bow ill it might make her, weak ; as she waB, and he held hia tongue. ; \- ' Eb; John i ' she eaid, considering' him, bnt you do look ill ! WhateverV tbe mat'er ? Where did yon have yonr dmper J ' ' At the R-d Lion,' said he. ' ' And "what did yon have for dinher ? ' Bread' and cheese. , ' Bread and cheese, indeed f said she, . with contempt. 'For a big strong feller like yon 1 That's what it is 1 You're famished, yoo are ; fair famished. Now down yon go and eat yoor sapper : Liz has left it f tb' oven for yon. Away yoogo.'- ; John went down end made an attempt to eat hia supper, hot after a mouthful or two be gave it np.; his mouth wae dry and baked, and' not even palatable food could provoke its moisture. He drew binuelf a glass of ale, and be tried a pipe to spin \ the time cot. Bathe found neither .satisfaction nor comfort in any tiling ;'and yetvfae shrank'from returning to hia - wife, who was enre to ply him with questions to get at Ma Btcrrt. It . was sorely much ; better, wasn't it, he said to himself,' that he should keep it from her. His pipe" went ont-. He wonld not relight it, but be thought lie would just look forth into the. eight to see if by any chance. Bob bad Come back yet. Bob -had not come back. He conld make no more pretence of occupation ; and so he made up his miod to go upstairs to bed. Bat first he made a resolute advance into the parlor, lamp in band, to be eore that; the secretaire still stood in its place, and that a certain drawer was locked. Being assured of these things, he turned away in haste and rejoined his wife. To his relief she did not worry Mm for a revelation of hie secret, bot maintained a silent and thonghtfol attention, so that at length her forbear ance, instead of being a relief, was" like to become a harden. He knew; — and she probably knew. too— iJiat her. silent waiting, was certain to draw - bis secret from him ere long. But he "had a respite. You're dead beaf and tired, my poor Johu,' said she, at length. 'Gome to mnr had and bIppti1 . John went to bed and slept, bot with 1 such wild starts and tremblings that bis wife was troubled to tMnk wbat was I wrong with him. He rose betimes, as I usual to go about the basin ess of hie I farm, business that would not wait— j euchjs tbe feeding of horses and the I milking of cows— bat be showed a face j as worn and as unrefreshed, almoBt, as the oight before. And thns Ms day went oo, with some, cheerful attempts at 1 intervals to think that be would get over it, in a day or two, tbat perhaps the man, thev old miser, was not dead, and that in any case he had a bag of gold wherewith to pay his debts aod to ! start anew with activity and resolution. His wife was still ignorant, both of his trooble and his gold ; he bad got off with the promise that abe -shooid kaow all in a day or two. Io the meantime there was greatexcite- ment-in tbe msrkettown off Fulford. A whole sensation and mystery of its own Fulford had not had for many a year, aod it 'made tbe most of the latest. Folford was too qaiet a placs to have a daily paper, even in these days ; it had Mils t.wrv weeklies, and the renortare of both these were busy iu. looking up the I mysterious mrcumstaaces of the death j of popr Jerry Owen, who had played I the. part of the old miser in ' Lea I Cloches de Cproeville ' for ever eo many I hoodred times-: — played it eo often "tbat I he Mid got into the habit of carrying I home nightly the bag of ' Hanoverian I jsoyendgns'. which was his great necee- 1 eary 'property.' It was that, ap-1 parently, -that "had led to Mb undoing. For; when he was found dead in Hie lane, dead from a terrific blow on the teaiple, the only thing missing from hie prison— strange to tell! — was that eamebag of ' Hanoverian 'sovereigns.' " There i "was 'another ' strange circum- scauce about tbe murder which was 'horBa tor' All it was worth; this,: namely, :that an unknown dog— a sheep dog, of collie— wae fonnd watching the' body, and that it flew Bavagely et the policeman "'who/ on . Mb roonds, had come upon 'both. The dog was now at tbe police station, and his identification might perchance (there was no saying) give some clue to the discovery of the murderer. . These -thiogs, of course, were not yet published ; but they were freely known and canvassed among tboTO who moved aboat'the town. Of all tbat seething, boiling andfermeut- iog gossip John Stubba, Ming ten miles away- on : his own lonely farm, - was blissfully ignorant. " He still wondered j what bad become of Ms dog ; he still 1 cheriebed.while he abhorred, the thonght | of the bag -of gold ; and he still hoped I and -prayed that when aU'tbia difficulty j was passed he might he able to form comfortable and keep his head abovai the. wateraof debt and bandroptoy, I even if - he did not make " much of a profit. ;- . Da the momiii ' of the second day, -which was the last of- -tbe three days of grace after tbe falliog' Id of his bill of eale,be debated with . MmseU . whether he should . take the money and go to tbe town to pay it off or whether he should wait for the apparency of Someone to j make ihe demand. He decided to :waiti. 'fy-', About 3 o'clock in the af teroooa L;z, the fcaid of all . work, caine to Mm . in the barn. " ' " ' ' ' . '.Mri Htnbba, said she, 'here's two gentlemen to see yon— Iriistwayv, a gentleman and a mail.' 1 " Jibim . Stubbs > Jriew ' then tbaj H>e i faoliidtdr had come -or ient v_to .- Haim the 1 "righta pf ihe hill of eale. fie screwed up MB CariGdeince ahd went inr ' Not the 1 Jawyertba't e ja wye?e riid, who wah a j for MminHie..(iarlor;audihere wu with hiri.sbmtiirihh %ind of humble .arid ' :-r:j ' "gr tyml, /» Hwbljs/, . said - the young 1 lawyer,' I Soppose yop - .know the Wmmlmmimm I his packet for Hie key to a certain I drawer. He felt a certain reluctance to pen the drawer and produce "the bag of I ebld. Bot he moat do it ; and he did it. He drew the horrid bag ont and I flung it on tbe table. ' There,' said he. | There's enough money in that to pay I yonr Billy Sale1 two or three tiknss j over ! ' '/ I The yoong lawyer and hie man looked Ion in some surprise. John, with on- I certain tremblihg fingers undid the i bag, throat in bu hand and drew ont a I I handful of gold and began to count the I individual coins, "one, two, three, aod eo 1 -on under tbe eyes of the yonng lawyer. I They looked good .gold, but— but there 1 was something in the sound of them I tbat made Hie young man snsplcionB — 1 something also that seemed queer iu the whole situation. The yonng man picked j up one and rang it. HyAook his head I and looked at it and then looked up at I John Stubba, who was watching him. 1 This won't do, Mr. Stubbs,' said the j young man. J ' What won't do P asked John, with s I blanched face. j 'This money. It isn't money. Where 1 did you get it?' I « "Where did' I get it? £ reckon they're I as good gold sovereigns as ever was I coined.' . | Look at them,' said tbe yonng I man ; at any one of them. Yon should 1 know good this as well aa I do. ! I J ohn reluctantly picked a coin np and J looked at it. Certainly it was _ nut I marked like a sovereign. He rang it on I the table ; nor did it sound like true gold. Horror and. despair, seized him, j' aod showed in his set pale face. He 1 send no word, but looked fixedly at the 1 yonng man. I ' I'm very Borry for yon, Mr. j Stnbbs,' eaid the yonng lawyer, lawfully sorry! But this looks bad — | worse than you think, maybe 2 These i tilings are only counters'; they're called J Hanoverian sovereigns. I suppose you j haven't heard that the night before last I an actor, Jerry Owen, was murdered in I a lane by tbe theatreB in Folford, and I that the only tiling misting from him I was -a bag of Hanpverian sovereigns — I the eham money that he need in playing the miser.'at tbe theater 2' 'Sham money.!' exclaimed John I Stubbs below his breath. I < twirl no continued the young law- yer, « a dog was fonnd watching by the dead man. The dog is now at the police station ; I've seen it. I believB I know it.' fly. God!' moaned John Stnbbs. 1 Ob,, my poor Jenny 2' He looked about him wildly. He stepped back suddenly and took a gun from a corner. Before it was possible to guess wjiat-he would be at, or to iu-. j terfere, be bad turned the muzzle to Ma I breast and pulled the trigger. He fell, and the two men ran to him- The re port of tbe gun had alarmed the boom,-1 and preeently JohnStnbb's wife flattered in just risen from her bed with dj j shawl a boat her. She flew to her1 I husband and knelt by bim. I 1 Jenny, lass,' said he fixing his.glz- I tog -eyes on her, Tm sorry, but lVe I messed it all up !' And so he diedv The poor woman was frantic with grief, and the yonng lawyer and hie I man stood back' aod ..permitted the 1 maid from . the ; kitchen and the man from the barn to pram in and forward. I Tbe lawyer quietly put the few exposed I ' Hanoverian sovereigns ' back in the 1 hfia and stuffed the bse into his pocket; then he drew his man to the door. « You see he's dead,' he said, so there's" no need for you or me to aay « word. .about this bag. I'm going to throw it into the pond; I'll be back in a moment.' When he came back he talked a little while with the poor distracted wife, and tried to comfort her. He gathered that she knew notbing of the bag of dbam gold, and eo he felt safe in what hs had done. And thus it came to pass that while the neighbourhood was inexpressibly I shocked by John Stnbbe'e suicide, and was exceedingly, kind and helpfnl to his j widow, if was never, known who killed I Jerry Owen, the miaer ol Lea Cloches de I Cornering.' 