1PEERS IN HIARNESS. ("M.A.P.") Lord Rosslyn is filling his dual role as working journalist and actor with conspicuous energy and thoroughness. His lordship made a plcturesque figure at the Brompton County Court the other day as a witness in a case in which the publisher of a twopenny weekly journal sued a wholesale news agent of Glasgow for ten guineas com mission, for introducing business to the latter in the shape of an order in connection with the sale of "Scottish Life," the smart little society paper of which Lord Rosslyn is the,ediitor. Dur ing the hearing of the case it tran spired that "Scottish Life" is the pro perty of a limited company, half of whose stock is owned by Messrs. IIarmsworth. The earl does not carry his troubles on his coat sleeve, for he looked the very picture of health, happiness, and contentment. Wearing a grey padlock coat and a blazing red tie, his lordship watched the progress of events with evident amusement from the lofty standpoint of strict disinterestedness. As its editor, Lord Rosslyn's heart and soul is in his paper. He is assisted in its production by another peer-Lord Mountmorres-and both, in spite of their rank, I had almost said, although the average journalists Is popularly re puted to know neither caste nor creed in his dealings with his fellow-men, are extremely popular in the news paper world, from their utter ignorance of lordly pride. Lord Rosslyn's fund of anecdotes as to how lie ran through nearly a quar ter of a million is never-falling. One it is impossible to resist repeating. Not thinking, one one occasion, that his horse had a ghost of a chance, the earl decided to let him "run loose," and to be contented with, the stake only if he won? Lord Rosslyn always Iracked his own horses, and when those in the ring found he was making an exception to his rule, and was not betting on his own representative, they naturally decided the horse was not worth anything. The price gradu ally grew longer and longer, until just as the competitors went to the post a bookie exclaimed "A thousand to eighty!" His lordship nodded, and another of the merchants of the ring immediately offered the same odds. This proposal and another which fol lowed were both promptly accepted by the earl. To the surprise of every body, the horse sailed in about five lengths in front, and his lordship won £3000. It goes without saying that the earl had all he could do to persuade the bookies that he had not "worked it." Mr. James Erskine, to call Lord Rosslyn by his stage name-his own name as a matter of fact, is James Francis Harry St. Clair Erskine-fs the brother of three of the prettiest wo men in England. One is the reigning Duchess of Sutherland. Another is the Countess of Westmoreland, and the third is Lady Angela Forbes. He is married to a sister of Lady Alwyne Compton, and has a son and daughter. Lord Rosslyn is the fifth earl, a Privy Councillor, and a magistrate and deputy lieutenant of Fifeshire, as well as a journalist and a member of what is often termed "the" profession. Lord Mountmorres, the sixth of, his line, is the son of the Irish peer of that name who was murdered in county Galway during the agrarian troubles of 1880\. He is in his twenty-seventh year, and has pluckily struck out a line for himself as a journalist. It is no secret I believe that the young viscount .has more than once sustained the thrilling role of the well-known "Mr. Answers."' He was educated at Radley and Balliol, and has sat on the London County Council as oane of the representatives of the Mile End Division. He lives in, Chelsea, and was happily married some. four years ago, and is blessed with one small daughter. The young peer's "other" name is William Geoffrey Bouchard de Montmorrency. Considerable alarm, has been ex perienced by timid residents at Can nington,near Perth, at the frequent ap pearances of a conventionally- attired ghost. Lately a number of the resi dents waylaid the apparition, who sur rendered on being bailed up by revol vers. The costume consisted of a sheet, with eyelet holes, and decorated with red paint. The party decided not' to hand him over to the police, but to administer a sound thrashing with a paling. This was accordingly done, and the ghost yas then set at lib@rty, 