Concluded from last issue. A point of primary importance to us is to consider what the Scriptures teach as to the spiritual blesssings that accom pany salvation. The evidence is a little startling. They are thus summarised (Hastings, B. Diet. Art. Baptism) : (a) Regeneration. ' Except a man be born of water and the Spirit he cannot see the Kingdom of God.' Baptism is the washing (laver) of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost. (b) Divine Affiliation. ' For ye are all sons of God, through faith in Christ Jesus. For as many of you as were baptised into Christ put on Christ.' (c) Cleansing from Sin. Arise and wash (and be baptised) away thy sins. ( d ) Admission to the Church. Ifc corresppnded to circumcision. ' They, then, that received His word were baptised, and there were added to them on that day about three thousand souls.' (e) Union with Christ. ' As many of you as were baptised into Christ did. put on Christ. We were buried with Him through the baptism into death, that like as Christ was raised from the dead so we ulso should walk in newness of life. (f) The Gift of the Spirit. ' In one Spirit we were all baptised into one body ... and were all made to drink of one Spirit.' (g) Salvation. ?' He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved.' Now in the light of these texts, and I wish you to observe that I have, as a rnlfi. mmt.fid nnlv nrm in onp.li p.n.aa whereas I might have quoted many more,, we may draw some conclusions. We- need not wonder that Baptismal Re generation has become a standard phrase, seeing that in one or two places regeneration is so definitely coupled with it, and Wesley quotes with evident approval from the Articles in the Prayer Book : ' It is certain our Church sup poses that all who are baptised in their infancy are at the same time born again.' But this either goes too far or it does not go far enough. We have just as much right (and just as little) to speak of Bap tismal Fatherhood, Baptismal For giveness, Baptismal Salvation, Bap tismal Union with Christ, Baptismal. Impartation of the Spirit. For Baptism, is as clearly and definitely associated with these as it is with Regeneration Nor is it true to say that Regeneration is always connected with this rite or even ordinarily. It certainly is in our Lord's conversation with Nicodemus, but in the I Epis. of St. John it is frequently referred to without any such mention. Dr. Pope prefers the phrase Baptismal Adoption. Thus in Higher Catechism of Theology, p. 343 : ' Is this their Baptismal Regeneration ? It is their Baptismal Adoption ; Regenera tion is the change wrought in the nature when the Son of God becomes the power of a new life ; and of that, as ot internal righteousness and internal purity, un conscious infants are incapable. And he goes on, 'Is such a distinc tion tenable ? ' Let the following considerations be weighed : (1) The blessing of our Christian estate — the new life with its righteousness and -sanctification — all have their external aud internal sig nification or aspect : in the case of infants we can think only of the external. (2) Hence in their Baptism they' are released from the condemnation resting on the race, they are adopted into the Divine family, and they are outwaidly sanctified or consecrated.' This is not wholly satisfactory to my mind for the same reason as before. It does not go far enough or it goes too far. Let Baptismal be connected with one and all the blessings, or let it be connected with none. But to fasten upon one, and single that out for uuique treatment seems to me to pick and choose with some arbitrariness. The same remark applies to the teaching of others. Robertson of Brighton, in the thick of the Gosbam controversy, preached a doctrine which was singularly suggestive and largely true. He explained Baptism as being the authoritative declaration of the fact of the Divine Paternity — not the creation of that fact, but its declaration. Other teachers have insisted upon its importance as initiation into the visible Church, which we can safely say; but such a doctrine does not do full justice to the ample store of blessings with which the lite is definitely n&sociated; in the Scriptures. Lit us accept what measure of truth there is in every state ment of the kind, but say boldly that in every baptismal act loyally performed there is the representation of many high truths, there is potential regeneration, potential adoption, potential remission of sins, potential union with Christ, potential impartation of the Spirit, potential salvation, and leave it to the Omniscient to say in how many cases these blessings are not merely potential, but actual. * But now, as to the practical con clusions as to the relation of the Church to its bantized children, By our Baptism of infants we have (as we have seen) an authoritative voice proclaiming in God's name and in the light of His Word as it administers the rite, the design of God to bestow upon the infant child dedicated to Him, all the blessings indicated as he is able to receive them. What should follow ? 1\. We should solemnly urge our people to see to it that their children are duly baptized. We should encourage them on fixed occasions to bring them to the House o£ God for the purpose. We should remind them that it is God's command that they bhould be so dedicated. We should firmly resist this grave tendency in many quarters to undervalue the appointed institutions, and we should be on our guard not to play into the hands of the High Church clergymen by refusing to invest our own rites with all the solemnity and im portance that both in the light of Scripture teaching and our own Methodist theology, they surely deserve. 2\. We should definitely teach our people whole, sound doctrine on the subject. The High Sacramentarian teaching is in some quarters carrying everything before it, partly because it appeals to something in our human nature that responds to it. The best protection we can give our own flocks is to show that already the best of that teaching is incorporated in our own formularies, and by holding up the truth to our congregations we shall expel error. 3\. Our administration of the site should be such as to impress our con gregations with a sense of the import ance we attach to it. We should be careful to make them stand while the actual sprinkling is performed. I have seen congregations distinctly moved when they are made to realise that they stood upon their feet to, as it were, hand over the little infant to the arms of the Good Shepherd. They know that they cannot control its destiny, but let them feel that they can, ' by their prayers, their sympathy, their labours, contribute the motives that shall guide its feet aright. Let there be nothing slovenly about the performance ; we are simply working for Ritualists if we rob our own ceremonies with all that properly belongs to them. 4\. We should take the opportunity to remind the children of the congregation, at any rate tometimes of the fact that they were in like manner dedicated to God, and urge the practical duties in their lives that result from the dedica tion. Such reminder « are not to the children merely ; adults in the congre gation will have their memories carried Tback to the long ago, and the recollec tion of a sainted father or mother may come back to speak as eloquently as a sermon. 5\. In the teachings we give our own children, and in the Sunday-school lessons, the past Baptism supplies another line of appeal. We cannot insist too strongly that the whole life belongs to God. We scout utterly the out rageous doctrine of some that children should not use the Lord's prayer, because they have not tbe actual faith of children. In a very real sense the children of Christian parents, St) Paul tells us, are holy. And we want to preserve for them the simplicity and innocence of their childhood, and to open up to them, as they grow older, the range of privileges which their Baptism declares to them individually. And it is very certain that many a godly life has grown up in this way and has been a gradual appropriation of all Christian privileges. . Conversion in such cases will denote the gradual unfolding of the soul to Divine in fluence and its sympathetic response to the Divine touch. It grows up in the joyful assurance of tbe Divine Father hood, and the thankful appreciation of the Redeemer's Cross. But unfortunately this will not be the case with all. Possibly, alas, with few. For these there remains the further provision the Gospel makes, the continual call to repentance towards God, and faith in our Lord Jesus Christ ; the perpetual insistence, as often as opportunity is given us, upon those Divine motives which, powerless as they sometimes seem in the presence of an alienated world, are yet mighty towards God in the pulling down of strongholds. The faithful preaching of the claims, the power, and the promise of the Divine life is effective, as we see it when we take a large view of men in the conversion and sanctification of sinning men. 6\. But let us observe that this course, though too often actual, is not the ideal. By our infant Baptism we assert the sometimes forgotten truth that the Saviour claims the whole life, and not meiely the adult part of it. And if, as our children grow up, we see much that we disapprove of, much to rebuke, have we not sufficient self-depreciation to know that in ourselves, converted and sanctified though we be, the work of grace is not complete, evil is with us, and sometimes, alas ! wins the mastery over us. Yet he who does not break the bruised reed, or quench the smoking flax, bears with ^us in his mercy, and through the blurred and blotted copy He reads the perfect head-line that we have faintly striven to reproduce. And He who knows the faults of our children's life, can read in it the growing desire of imitating Christ and Union, with God. In conclusion, it will be seen that I have no new proposals to make in dealing with our children further than these are implied in our doctrines (if not always remembered) in working the agencies already in operation. As it is, we are doing all we can think of in our Sunday-schools, round our family altars, and the family circle, for our- children's well-being. Let us work our present agencies to the full and make it im possible for any baptised child connected with us to escape the influences we wish to bring to bear on them. Having done that-and taught them what is implied in our language and our doctrines, we must leave the issue in God's hauds. Of course we are anxious to see them take their places in our Church member ship, and we shall continue to do all we can to induce them to accept such privilege and responsibility. But if all our efforts fail, if our persuasion has no effect, it is for us to remember that the Church of God is wider than the Metho dist Church. There may be elements in their environment there were not in ours, that render identification with the Church of their fathers more difficult than it was for ourselves, and it may be that in truth and in spirit they are really members of that wider Church of Christ in the world, which we cannot too often remind ourselves, is a larger thing than' any conceptions we can fashion for ourselves — Our little systems have their day — They havo. their day and cea«'i to be : Thev are hut broken lights of Thee, Anrl Thou, 0 Lord, art more than they. And though I should be loth to call a great Church a little system, yet the principle stated will apply to larger things. And, perhaps, of the other sheep the good Shepherd has in His flock, but not. in our fold, it may be seen at last, that many were led thither under God's Providence bv the ordi nances, the sacraments, the prayers, the exhortations, the family piety, that here on earth seemed to end in com parative failure. 