A MONTAUK INCIDENT. By HENBIETTA DANA SKINNER, "Sure your riverence could help me!" I turned to look at the speaker, a plain, honest Irishwoman of middle age, with a stout, shapeless figure, and broad, simple, snub-featured countenance that one immediately associates with waslitubs and mops and brooms. " What- can I do for you, my child?" I asked. I was pressed for time, as many of my sick soldier boys were critically ill; the heat was intense, and the confusion still reigning at the newly organised hospital camp made it difficult for me to accomplish my visits as rapidly as I would wish. She curtsied—"If you could find my boy for me, Father," she said. "We saw fey the paper that he was sick here, and I came up. from the city to be witli him;: but they won't let me go round to look for him." "What company is he in?" I inquired. "Sure I don't know who his friends are here," she answered • stupidly. "What regiment is he in?'' I exclaimed, as patiently as I could. " What uompany of what regiment?" " Sure I don't know his regiment, Father, but his name is Larry Byrne." "But his name is not enough; you must know the name of hi3 regiment and the number of his company, or you will Sever find him in a military camp," I explained. Stupidity is always very irritating to me. I find it easier to love a sinner than a stupid person. "I have never heard it. Father, or else I don't remember, it; but what difference does*- $ jttake? Everybody knows Larry'Bryne, and wasn't his name in the papei? f'nis very morning? Thai; is how I came 16 know he inhere at all. Just ask for I^rry BSrrne. Father darlint, and sure tirey will,be ' jelling you where he is." V' " X • y -"1 Poor soul! She'lgwl'Jfitlection of red tape, little idea of. the^Aitt^r hopelessness of finding u(kgarnished, unnumbered Larry By«ie r jii«^*that vast hospital camp. I questioned her further, and found that she had already lost two boys on the battlefields about Santiago, and that this was her youngest and only support. "f didn't want to have him go to the war," she explained—"but he was crazy to enlist. He had been loafing for a month, and he thought it would give him a little.jjiore money, ®o I let him go, though it's little good the money'11 do him now, poor lad. The two big boys died down there in Cuby, where I couldn't be with them; but when I heard my little lad was here and ill I had to comc. I have never been outside the city before, Father, "and .1 couldn't have found my way at all but for this little girl here. Annie is right smart about finding her way." I noticed then for the first time a pale, slender young girl, of fifteen or sixteen years, standing modestly near her. She looked tired and dispirited. "How long hare you been here?' I inquired. "Since eleven o'clock, your riverence.'' It was now two o'clock—the hottest hour of a hot, sultry day. They had not found him yet, and it. was not likely they would ever" find him, for they had no pass or permit of .any kind, and could only -hang around'.the outskirts of the camp appealing to such persons as appeared kindly disposed to help them. " I will do the best I can for you, though it is little enough," I said, very doubtful of success. " I nave many imperative sick-calls to make, so I cannotstop to search for him myself, but I will try to interest others to look him up." "Wo will wait here, your riverence. God be with you and bring you'to my boy!" " Look for Larry Needle in Camp Haystack!" laughed the first official to whom I addressed myself. I saw plainly enough that there was little encouragement to be had, but as I passed from one hospital tent to another I persevered in questioning officers and nurses.. ! their heads doubtfully. All shook "There might be a dozen Larry Byrnes here, but we. could oi}Iy find them by the number of , .their company," they explained court epusly, though I already knew' this well enough. - I turned somewhat sharply "to reprJfcahdV young volunteer loafing'nep^, V'Uo seemed inclined Ho joke, at'*tjie expense of Larry, Byrne's mother*."' 7 , • 1 " . 7 ''"""'' "Boss,",lie kid,'Sobering• down, "I guess you havetfi 1 ooen ftjjretopg.We're seen mothers' 'sons dyiag/heiwbouts so often that we're fotgbtften'HiJw to care.. You'll be indiftereiit ydtiFself ^fter a few daygrt. : • nj-lii;- -vwj.f^: It was true that I h»4 1>een there long. I was temporarily filling the placa; of a volunteer chaplain,' randi.this was. only mi", third day;at:; MoutaukPoint.- I was sick at- heart and'torjjifwifch cam-, passion at ttfe scen©3 around- me,; till I. was almost unnerved for;-my,! duties.- Hitherto I had frequently visited hos-,. pital-wards Land witnessed,..operations, . and attended lie injured inafccidejrfcs— such duties came to me often enough in the exercise of my vocation, and I had always borne myself with calmness and self-possession. But the sight of these suffering, home-sick soldier boys was too much for me. The long, hot, weary afternoon brought many distressing cases to. administer to; there were confessions to hear, dying messages to record, lonely hearts to soothe, tired, fever-consumed eyes to close, disheartened sufferers to sustain and cheer. It was fully six 0 clock before my rounds were over, and 1 could return to the spot where I had left Larry Byrne's mother. I hoped she might not be there, that by some happy stroke of luck he might be found. But she was still waiting, standing patiently, her lips moving mechanically as the beads of her rosary slipped through her fingers. "No news?". I asked, though'I well knew what the answer must be. She shook her head sadly: "No, Father, no one has found him for us yet." " My poor child, you must come with me aud have something to eat. You will be faint, standing there since early morning, and it may be some hours yet before we find him." " I couldn't eat, Father, dear. It will be time enough to eat when we have found him. But Annie had better have a bite, poor little girl! She never was very strong." The girl shook her head, and I saw there was no use in urging her: She looked paler and more discouraged than ever, but I have seen that gentle, quiet sort before. They are stubborn as mules when they have a fixed idea in their heads. I knew that she would not eat nor drink nor rest, but neither would she faint. She would simply endure to the end. I was hungry and hot and tired myself, but how could I think of food or refreshment before these suffering hearts? I turned once more towards the. camp. " This time I will not come back till I find him for you if he is here at all," I promised Larry Bryne's mother. "I'll keep on praying, Father, and you'll find him sure." For nearly two hours I searched the camp, high and low. I addressed surgeons, officials, nurses, many kind and considerate in the extreme, a few ungracious and abrupt. I could hardly blame them for a little impatience. To ask for Larry Byrne without number of regiment or name of company was like hunting in New York City without address of street or district. Still, it did not warrant the storm of abuse hurled at me from one young fellow, a new-fledged lieutenant of volunteers. He drew himself up in the consciousness of his new dignity, and let loose a volley*of expletives that I have never heard equalled in the slums of Chicago, where it has been my lot to labour for many years past. Oath upon oath rolled off from his tongue with appalling volubility. I waited quietlv for him to finish. "Well," I said at last, "do you feel better, more like a soldier, more exalted, more worthy of your rank, a better American, a finer officer? Do you feel that the country is honoured and the army ennobled by your words? Do you thin I: that those of us who have had to listen to you will respect your wisdom and courage any more for this tirade? If you jhave any such idea, you will find that you have fallen just- one hundred • per cent, in the estimation of all who have heard you belittle yourself." Just then a young fellow came up and touched me respectfully on the arm. He was weak and convalescing, evidently. " Parson," he said awkwardly, " there's a chap a-dying in our tent, and I guess he belongs to your faith. Would you mind coming to see him a minute?" " What is his name?" I asked, starting at once. "Larry Byrne." I quickened ray steps. It was true that there might be a dozen Larry Byrnes in the camp; it was not an uncommon name, and I must not fee! too sure that I was being led to the one I sought. As I entered the tent I perceived a fever-stricken lad. of eighteen or ..thereabouts lying in the cornciv There were others in the. tent, but this one bore the unmistakeable stamp of death in his drawn, wasted countenance, his thin lips and gleaming teeth, the ashen hue of brow and cheek, the wild c-yes .burning -like .coals: of fire; -He was in.the . last'adages of, exhaustion, butpeifectly conscious. I knelt by his side. . "I knew (Sod woiddn't let me die without seeing a priest," he gasped in hoarse whispers. "I've got too good a mother for Him. to,let\pny pf..her.fcoJS.• • die out of His grace. X.had. two. brothers, i wild, boys-ai horned that gaye her a lot of trojible, but jn camp thpy said heir prayers regular night and niorn- - ing^ pnd vrhen'they ^rp^dyuig, at Sail' uan, I foiiml, them -,wiUv ;two Spanish priests attending them, !irljp hfid come;- pytfrom the city to jjqifflhfc dying' oti the battle- field.-' I. faiew; God .would; ake aa good care of me,as of them, for, , other loved mc besti" '.', • . ' , I heara his confession P£ e )a l i i ' e $. him for death. He-seemed ready .to go,' * for he' was* too ill fo struggle, and" death appeared:to Him as a friend, as' it.does to most of ns in our last hour-- When, I saw that- his conscience was at ease, and. had.dene all that I could far him, ' I'said: ^ i v j "Would you like to ther?''' • see your . ,: . • ; mo- / " Wouldn't IP" he exclaimed. " Poor mother! She has had a hard life. The boys were wild, and father drank and abused her. She will feel bad to lose me. But she oould never get here, pooimother! She never was out of the city in her life." " But she is here," I said quietly. " I have just seen her." He looked incredulous. "It can't be. mother;" he said, sighing. "It's some other Byrne. There's plenty of the name. She never could find her way any too well in the city; we always had to look after her. It's some other poor fellow's mother." "We shall see," I said. "I will bring: her here and we shall see." I threaded my way among the tents and waggons and packing boxes, past groups of men and animals, to the spot where I had left Mrs. Byrne. The sun had set, but the air wis breathless and close. The ocean breeze had failed U3 in our need that day. The homely, patient- figgre stood there in the twilight, the lips moving and the beads of the rosary slipping through her fingers. She started forward at sight of me, too weary for eagerness or smiles, but with a patient gladness lighting up the plain faoe. "I knew y6u couldn't help but find him. Father," was her greeting. "It may be a mistake,'' I said, cautiously, "but come with me." I turned to re-enter the camp, when an officer blocked my way. There is something about these young officers of volunteers that arouses all my combativeness, theugh, with the latent sympathy between priest and soldier, I will obey a regular to the dotting of an "i." I tried to push' past him. "No entrance." he said, curtly. • "And why not?" I asked. "No civilians allowed in camp at tlii3 hour." " By whose orders?" I asked again. He drew himself up haughtily. " By mine!" he thundered. Then I did what I should have done im the first place, if I had not lost my temper. I put my hand in my breast-pocket and pulled out my permit, signed by the commanding officer, and countersigned by the Secretary of War, giving me entrance to the camp at all times and places. The officer suddenly withdrew, and I passed in. Sirs. Byrne was about to follow me. "You have no permit for the woman," lie said, holding her tack. She stood patiently still. "She goes with me,'' I said. "Her son is dying, and I am taking her to see him. - There is not a moment to lose." " You may go where you please," ho replied, "but you must get ii separate permit for her. Women are not allowed to enter after dark.'' I knew he was in the right, and there was nothing to be gained Tr? arguing or pleading. She must take up her weary waiting once more. "God help you, poor soul!'' I said. '•'Keep up your courage and trust in God." "I will, Father," she replied. "Sure He has never Jailed me yet. glory be to His holy will." The tears rushed to my eyes as I turned Ah! how often it is' the poor who teach us the Gospel, and we, who are sent to preach it to them, may sit at their feet and learn. I went directly to headquarters, for there is no use applying to suboscLumtes, who often have not the powofto help.... even if they have the will. Tha onpiuand- ' ing'officer was the,busiest Man ip. the . camp, but his time.and attention were at everyone's service, audi,fcftj&io;,few of the result. Nevertheless I.'must nwaix, my turri, and it was striking rfincVclocl^i before I once more rej^ii&d; th^jj&tieutJ-;, waiting figures in . the liibonliglit.'.^ We huiried along : in silence:-' scenes passed" before 1 us. heart-breJkuy^ sounds met our ears, bnt w'e'passed rapidly bv, absorbed in the fear of being too late. I opened the flap of tiie tent. It was dimly lighted, but pfeering into : the farther corner I could see the pinched waxen 'face,, and ithe 'feverscorched eyes glaring in .the darkneis. like balls-of fire. He still lived,- and was- , cwsoiouB. ildrew the, mother forward. There wfis silence as she,groped her towards 'the cot; theb'. a wild cry, rang but; a -soUiid hardly liuman in its.. fgciiy; It 'was as 4he-' :; ;cry; ; 'bf* «omo" uh ted. woundedanimal. : BUtitt^b intaiit she recovered 1 herself ustud'• tirey ., earer the - c*t..; The nursfe -<tiloved. ,. thoughtfully towards: the doorj &nd; I - tprned'riiy face jawtay. / i^utii ia rennion , was t06)£4^ed'/fl>r' : Iwitnea8e8i..[Brtt J,. ould hear Oft wptbm«pfte*ch<tiia cot,,, v -feljb her bencBng over the;;poo»-living skeleton, and, my e*ra caught„ihe. first ords slie addressed to l*er r dying, boy, he jajit,left, ip Jier.p£,tqree.: *'"Larry, idesr, wsifr yW-./W^jyotHb: eace with God?" 'V^T' "i '7 > ~ OT I' woftt' down on my liiiees then. O woman! great is.thy faith! and surely the Master is not far from thoc, who shall, declare thy praise before all the Court in Heaven. The ghost of a smile crept over the lad's livid feaures. "Yes, mother," he murmured; '.'and now I know that it is really you and not a dream, for that would "be the first question you would ask me." "Praise be to God!" she cried, "but He is good to us, Larry boy, to let us be together again." He raised his thin, wasted, claw of a hand, and laid it over her broad red one. stroking it fondly, and saying from time to time, "Poor mother! poor mother!" He tried to tell her something in broken wIiisperB. I guessed from her sudden exclamations that he spoke of his brothers. The young^girl had crept to the other side of the cot, and knelt there sob!) rig quietly. At last he turned his eyes 1 im his mother and looked at her, and for a moment their fever-light was subdued to softness. " It's little Annie," he . whispered. "She must have brought you, mother, for you could never have got here alone. Annie was always good to you, mother: she will be good to you when I'm gone." . At last the great change came. It was ten o'clock when Larry Byrne's mother turned hastily and beckoned me to ' the bedside, and together we said the prayers for the passing soul. Then she tenderly closed the quenched eyes and crossed the emaciated hands. The young girl had thrown herself face downwards on the floor, sobbing convulsively, but the mother stood like a statue by the bedside. I tried to murmur a few words of comfort and hope. She turned towards mo, her homely face transfigured by a smile of infinite faith and patient trust. No sob escaped her. though the tears poured do.vn her bro-.d cheeks. "Yes, it's God that knows best, Father dear," she said. '" I ain't asking any questions, for He has known best iil along. He took them two wild boys where they were scared into saying their prayers reg'lar, and His mercy fallowed them away to Cuby, and sent two foreign priests to annoint them. And now that He sees fit to take my Larry away too, glory be to His holy will! The three boys will be waiting for their old mother up in Heaven, and in God's mercy I' shan't be long in going to them, for me poor heart is broke, me heart is broke, me heart is broke!" 