ANTI-BILL MEETING AT NORTH SHORE. MESSRS. HUGHES AND E. M. CLARK. PLAIN TRUTHS FOR A SHIFTY PREMIER. Mr. E. M. Clark, M.E., and Mr. W. M. Hughes, M.P., delivered addresses last night in the hall of the School of Arts at North Sydney In opposi tion to the Secret Conference Bill, Mr. P. Banks occupied tho chair. Thero was a good attend- ance. Mr. Hughes was tho first speaker. Ho said the bill which was before the people twelve months ago was practically the same as the present one. After a short reference to tho referendum of last year ho proceeded to point out that tho differ ences between tho bill of l«ast year and Lhat of this was about the samo as tho difference be tween a man before he went into a hairdresser's shop to be shaved and after he came out of K again. Another similo was that It was like a piece of wood which had beon repolished and had all the cracks uicoly filled with' putty. The bll'l had been nicely polished up by the most artistic political french polisher in New South Wales. Mr. ROid and Mr. Barton did not differ from each other. in the amendments wbioh should bo mado in tho bill, they only differed in the way In which to approach tho matter. If any of those present had taken the trouble to read through tho reports of tho debates in the cenvsntlon they would see that Mr. Rcld was throughout tho convention sit tings a shifty naan. (Applause.) He admitted that he did not understand the Canadian Consti tution until after the convention had boon sitting for some months. After the referendum Mr. Roid brought down seven principles which ho said he would insist upon, he took them to the Pre miers' Secret Conference with the same declara tion, and brought back what? A bill which Mr. Barton declared was structurally tho same as that of last year, which Mr. M'MUlan declared was a little worse than the old one, and which Mr. Want had resigned his position because he could not agree with or support it. Mr. Wasnt was the only man in this Minlstry-r£>r any other Ministry for that matter — who gave up a job because of his opinions. We might say what wo liked about Mr. Want, but which of us would give up £1800 a year because of his principles. Mr. Want was where ho was twelve months ago; Mr. Reld wished now to rush into the vortex of the very thing which, twolve months ago, lie declared would bo dangerous to the people of this colony. (Applause.) It was now a case of Rcld against Reid himself. (Cheers.) No man ever was moro damaged by his own ghosts rising up before blm with the spectacle of his own unutterable shame than this man. (Renewed choers.) Last year ho told tho people they wcro called upon to make sacrifices which the people of no othor colony were called upon to make, and he now supported this verv bill, last year be said the btll would entail a taxa-tio'n of 34s per head extra per annum upon tho people of this colony; then ho brought b's estimate down to 28s, but thore was no altera tion tn that portion of the bill. It xvas said that Mr. Reld would bo a member of the Fedoral Government. He might be Treasurer or Premier — b'ls strong point was finance — and whon he told the peoplo that they would never got any of that extra taxation baek he might well bo be lieved. . ("Hear, hear.") Mr. Barton said the bill was not structurally altered, and for his (Mr. Hughes') own part, he was of opinion wtth Mr. Barton, that there was no structural dlfterenco between. this year's hill and last year's. If thore was no, structural difference, why should they vote for it.jwhqn they did not vote for tho other? (Loud applause.) It must bo remembered that the Federation when- once it came Into existence, would he Indissoluble, and that tbo terms of It oould not ho altered.The doadloclt clanso last year was called a. fraud, and If it was a fraud then, it was now. If there was any difference it was perhaps, this, that it was not quite as big a fraud as before. Tho deadlock provisions would only come Into operation on tho rarest occasions, be cause they would involve two dissolutions before ' tliey; would be. brought Into action. (Loud ap plause).. The,. .Upper House would dominate In the Federation ' just as It did In this province; the Federation, would bring Into operation the cursed system bf machine polltios which obtained tn America. On tlio financial system of tho Federation, if wo could got some taglble pros perity we might ho prepared to yield up a great deal to get and keep It. Tho only way llkoly to bring tangtblo'prosperlty was nn alteration In the fiscal system, giving froetrado botweon the colonies and proectlon against tho outsldo world. It was admitted that Federation would entail an expenditure of £350,000, and there was only ono way of bringing about prosperity — a change In tho fiscal system.' The Federal tariff would not, however, ho a protective one. It would ho ono which would tax the people for the sake of taxing them, Thore was no reason why they should advocate this hill any more than tho othor. Mr. Reld was now in the position which Ms. Barton held, and rightfully held, twolvo months ago; he was at present top sawyer, hut had any man ever turned round with such vehement vlclous- ness upon tho opinions which he expressed twelve months ago as Mr. Reid? And wore tRcy going to listen to such a man? (Cries of "No," and prolonged cheering.) Mr. E. M. Clark complimented Mr. Hughes on his speech, and said he believed that tho passing of the hill would be one of tho greatest calamities that could happen In this oolony. ("Hear, hear.") Why did Mr. Reld support the bill? Because ho believed ho would bo the Fedoral Premier. Why did Mr. Copclind, Mr. Crick, Mr. Wise, Mr. See, and others now advocate tho bill? Because thoy thought that on tho strength of the votes recorded In their favor at tho Fedoral Convenlon election they would have tho pleasure of being able to say that they had been elected to tho first Fedoral Parliament of Australia. ("Hear, hear.") His main objection to the bill was that It was a partnership which, once entered upon, could not bo got rid of, and the deed of partnership did not contain good enough terns; the terms were. , not honest. We wcro all willing to glvo away a bit, but not to glvo away as much as wo wcro n.,ked to do. Less then twelve months ago ho (Mr. Clark) was elected upon the condition tbat ho would follow Mr. Reld in his negotiations for Federation rather than Mri. Barton. Now he told them that on tho very first opportunity ho could get to punish Mr. Reid 'for tbo sins 'ho had ! committed, for the treachery he had perpetrated upon tho people of this colony, he would tako it. Ho would glvo' a, vote against Mr. Reld." (Loud and prolonged cheering.) In conclusion, he would move, "That this mooting, while approving of Federation, is opposed to the present Convcn- ! t ion. niH." - Tills was seconded by Mr. C. A. Walker, a member of the committee ot the Antl- Blll League. Tho chairman, in putting the motion, said that Mr. Walker supported, tho bill laBt year, . hut, ' disgusted at Mr. Reld's cbango of front, had de cided to oppose the present ono. (Cheers.) The motion was carried without a single dls- sentient, and tho meeting closed. 