Port Pirie Items. PORT PIRIE, April 26. Mr Sando is about again, after his attack of typhoid, and looks pretty fit already. Mr Bills is another convalescent—after his third experience of the fever. Amongst other necessary works brought under the notice of Mr Owen Smythe by the Mayor during the former's reoent visit to the town was that of having the courthouse cleaned and whitewashed. In the hands of the workmen our local hall of justice is gradually assuming a more reputable appearance. and when tbe repairs are completed the cleanliness and respectability of the sarroundings should lend a further dignity to the dispensing of the usual fines in the case of those who have looked on the wine when it was red and to the judicial proceedings generally. Leaning up against the wall for the purpose of carrying off some of the Government white-wash on one's clothes will now, we understand, be strongly dis- countenanced. Mr Willie Freear was here again with hi* " Frivolities " on the 18th inst. A clever and entertaining programme was presented by this versatile performer — whose variety business runs rings round his histronic talents —but there was a very poor house. As one who has a world-wide reputation, and who has appeared before "an amazing number of royal persons " (of all shades and colors) ha certainly deserves credit for withdrawing himself from the smiles and applause of monarchs to come and give the small towns of S.A. a chance of seeing his performance so often. Such disinterestedness is seldom to be enoountered now-a-days. The wholesale shifting of houses from the back yard of the Royal Exchange Hotel has provided amusement and entertainment for a good many during the past few days. The final and supreme effort, however, was made en Monday morning last when the large building immediately in the rear of the hotel was dragged forth from its accustomed resting place. In connection with this move some knowing individual had contracted to accomplish the proceeding by means of a "new and improved method." People in Pirie, he averred, didn't know anything about house moving, and, publio-spirited individual that he was, he set about teaching them a wrinkle or two. The system of removing houses by "jiniters"—whatever that may be—was, he affirmed, the only reliable and expeditious method known to modern times. After four days' work, without getting much forrarder, it began to dawn upon him, as it had long done to those around him, that this beautiful and handy system, which in theory transplanted houses almost as easily as onions, did not seem to pan out so well in practice. Finally he gave it up in disgust, and the new system is now a forbidden subject. _ After three more days spent in preparation some of Mr Dan Kennealley's horses—amongst which ars some very good cattle—were hitched on to the big parcel on Monday morning. In the presence of a good crowd, who had assembled to see the fun, a start was made, and with a few ominous creakB the building drew out from the spot which will know it no more. Lumbering over the pavement.the watertable was Safely negotiated and the crest of the road reached with a run—a run whioh at first threatened to bring tbe moving to an abrupt and calamitous termination. For it commenced on the down-hill track a little too suddenly, and str§hk a bee-line for Mr Slater's shop into which thc^portable house looked as if it waB about to crash. That it did not accomplish this feat was due to the presence of mind of one of the men who clogged the wheels with a stick just in the nick of time. This prevention of an accident which would have been worth seeing, judging by the remarks passed, was not at all appreciated by the orowd, but as there was plenty of time for more accidents they let this item pass in the hope of further developments later on. Having been slewed round into the straight) the wood and iron structure careered gracefully along Alexander St. going strong in the direotion of the wharf. Arrived in Ellen St., however, more trouble began. The wheels at the front had to be taken off to allow of its being dragged under the telegraph wires. By this time there was a considerable crowd to watch the proceedings, most of whom had some advice to offer upon the subject of house moving. After some kinks in the road had been disposed of and the front of the huge affair had settled down into the road and been raised again, a final burst was made to slew the whole mass round to proceed to its destination—Solomontown. With a mighty heave and strain another start was made, but when just in the exact spot to stop the railway traffic a chain snapped and down flopped the front on the line. This was better—a good deal better—tbe crowd agreed, and what a cheer went up when the position was realised. Some, however, found the proverbial fly in their ointment, for they deplored the fact that the incident had not occurred just before the start of the Adelaide train, while others seriously debated whether in tbe event of the obstruction not being soon removed the trains would run it down or whether the whole box and dice would have to be chopped up and taken away in fragments. Altogether the crowd was in a most humorous mood, and all the spectators seemed to be appreciating to the full the obstacles which the " other fellow " was encountering. Certainly a happier lookiiig crowd was never seen out of a oharity soup kitchen when the hot liquid is being ladled out into tbe jugs of the recipients, The broad smile whioh illumined every countenance bore eloquent testimony to tbe manner in whioh they were enjoying themselves. Mr Dan Kennealley was the solitary exception to the rule, and we are not afraid of our veracity being impugned when we gay there was not a ghost of a smile flickering about his face. Consternation, rather, was foroibly depicted in his features as he held up his hands to stop an approaching train. Taking no heed of suggestions thrown out by the orowd to bring the whole process to a rapid conclusion by carting it to the river and tipping it in wholesale, he set his teeth and, with "Nil desperandum" as his motto, commenced to set his ponderous baggage in going order again, ne doubt inwardly uttering a good many malediotions on house moving in general and this move in particular. After considerable trouble and arrangement things were got going again and the former abode of innumerable fortune tellers rolled off merrily in the direction of Solomontown. The eyes of the crowd followed it as it bundled along in wistful anticipation of another break down, but in this they were disappointed. 