COMPLETE STORY. DOLORES. OR THE RECLAIMED RING, HARALD WILLIAMS. [copyright.] 'Yuen* madam," said the sage, i readjusting ruffled feelings and necktie, aud smiling blandly and compassionately down upon the pleasing and exuberant person ality. before him, u t£ere is no such thing as matter and no such thing as mind. Time and space have no real meaning. Tbey are but the moulds into which we squeeze the sequences aud co-exis tences of our impres sions ; or the so-called states of consciousness, which only charm and cheat ns to the last. It is all infinite and eternal Maya, a gigantic and universal illusion. We are puppets playing in a phantom show, at the bidding of the unknown and unknowable. And it as just as likely us not that all this cosmos about which we make such a bother could revolve on the point of a needle." "My dear Professor Agathoboulos, you don't maintain that we are all dancing now, whether we like* it or not ? For, the thought makes me quite giddy." He shook his gnarled and knotted head, tossed his leonine mane, and from the six feet and more of the longitudioarian replied : " Science asserts, philosophy suggests, and I maintain nothing, madam." Not for off. in the spacious ballroom, a sweet voice coocd to a friend : " The worst of it is, Nita, I love too many, I love them all. Those dear men ! They are so unlike us, a different kind of creature. So delightfully stupid, and awkward, and bold, and sby— yes, and ugly, and big, aud altogether absurd and impossible. And yet, Nita, they are men and I am a woman—well, a girl if you will! But I have passed seventeen by two months, and (aa father says) there are bound less possibilities in that." u But, darling Dolores, you cannot surely love them all. Some aro very superior, and some aro very inferior. And the gulf between the civilian and the soldier—it is not to be bridged." "Ah, I do though. You see, Nita, it is this. One has nice eyev, one a good mouth, one a fine figure, one a charming manner, one is magnificently tall—I hate small men— thoy ought to he shot at sight, like mad dogs —and ono i< smart and clever, and one has money, and so on. Ana if I could hut put all the excellent points and qualities together and make a single man of them, I should be satisfied with him. But, alas, I can't. And so X have no resource ut present but to love them all." "Marriages are made in heaven, my Dolores. Wait till the man and the hour; xneot, ami then repeat this." " It is lucky," replied her friend, " we ore safelv hidden here behind the shadows of the umbrageous Mrs. Portlywonne—stout people do havo their uses—or I shan't get five get minutes' rest after three hours on end dancing and I am engaged to fifty men." "As many as that, already?" • "No, I mean for dances. But I am engaged properly aud definitely to three, and we have sworn eternal love. And I rc-ally rather like one, and he offered me such a lovely diamond ring, which he only bought this afternoon with true prophetic instinct to bind our compact, that I could not be so rude as to refuse it. He has to rejoin his regiment in Ireland to-morrow, but in a month's time is coming back to reclaim the ring and mc." " Oh, Dolores, who is it?" ! "Never mind, and don't worry me I I am I certain I shan't keep faithful for a whole month—it is asking far too much of any girl.; Do you suppose he wou't flirt and frisk about1 with all the pretty girls in Dublin himself?" " It must be Hope Singleton Well, hois worth having. You aro lucky, Dolores : and I advise you to be loyal to him through thick and thin. Why, he has every good point, in person and property, conceivable." " Ah, but his nose is too long." " That is a fault on the right side, and will make up for your deficiencies, Dolores." "You will never believe, Nita, what he asked mcto do?" " Whisper it in my ear." " Wcllj Hope—I mean Captain Singleton— proposed (just for fun. ho said) thatwc should astonish the world by running away together to Ireland, and then wc could bo married thcro straight off by special licence. He has a married sister in Dublin, the Lord Lieutenant's wife ; and I could go to her first." " And you refused, of coarse." "No yes—no, not exactly; for, as the professor says, there aro possibilities in it. And if I don't elope with 1pm, I shall bo as • false as—Mrs. Portlywonno's hair. You see, Greek blood and Spanish blood do not blond happily." " What would your father do ?" "Oh, I can manage him easily. And besides, ho will not object, sceiug that he run away with mother—or mother rau away with him, which was it? I always forget— and be got a knife in his ribs at Saragossa, from a rejected lover. But much wrestling with Sanskrit roots had made him tough and practically invulnerable, and nothing particu lar happened, except that I fancy he shot the other man—cripplell him, at least. I would have killed him outright," she murmured, after u moment's pause, the wild, stormy light of passion briefly covering her beautiful durk eyes till they looked positively cruel. " Dolores, you havo turned into a tigress, I declare; and I can quite imagiue, now, your using that stiletto in your hair in grim earnest." Yes," she answered, lapsing into a merry laugh, "I could and would. And, do yon know, Nitn, I don't clearly under stand myself, and sometimes I am actually afraid of myself. Batherecomes Hope, look ing like a picture of despair." The elopement of Dolores Eucharis Agatho boulos, daughter of tho great Sanskrit pro fessor and law only child, during the ball given by the dnko in honour of his election as mayor at the famous Kitcat Hotel in Wcstbourne. was tho talk of the whole town. People could speak of nothing else. * And the odd part was that the professor (Greek only in extraction, for his family had been naturalised for mauy years in England) and his Spanish wife, who had been a maid of Saragossa. did not appear to trouble them selves about it. Nita, of course in confidence, repeated the private conversation with appro priate embellishments to bcr particular friends, and they immediately, in confidence, repeated it to theirs. And so before sunset of the very next day everyone knew all about it, and a little more. But had Dolores really eloped with Hope Singleton ? That was the question. In their last interview, when ho pleaded his caso with an unusual and unassumod fervour, she suddenly agreed to make it a running-off matter, "just for the fun of tho thiug," and also becau^o she had rot the slightest con fidence in her own stability, or powers of resistance if another fascinating lover appeared on the scene. " We will start by the earliest train," he arranged, "and that will easily catch the Irish mail, and give us n little time in hand for a square meal before we leave London. I will have a "carriage ready for yon at three o'clock sharp, and you must contrive to slip away unobserved a little before that time, to avoid accidents." Dolores afterwards remembered only too well a bad omen which occurred between two or three a.m. She slipped on a waxy flower which somebody had dropped, and bat for an opportune and adjacent arm, must have gone right on the floor. Unfortunately in the hurry and excitement of the final exit, Dolores caught up the wrong cloak and wraps and went by a clock that wa* fifteen minutes ahead of the right time. But there was the carriage waiting, and the tall figure furred up to the eyes in an immense greatcoat standing by the side of it. In she jumped without a word, and bo followed. Oif they drove to the station, and as the train was at the platform she was at once carefully installed in a reserved first class compartment and hid herself in a snug comer while her friend got a ticket and saw to the necessary details. After what sefmed an interminable age, the train *tarted, and there was no stopping placo between Westbourac and Victoria, a long hour and a half's journey. With a low laugh to relieve ber over wrought spirits and to hide the qualms of misgiving which had already commenced. Dolores threw back her hood and held out her hand us if for protection and assurance. The tall figure throw back bis fur overcoat collar, and removed his cap, which with its peak hud quite concealed his features, and revealed the bold, brutal, repulsive face of the famous, or infamous, Ljrd Tregun worth. Dolores fairly screamed with surprise and | fear at this appalling discovery, an anti- j climax which alarmed even more than it dis- j enchanted her. He-covering herself instantly j I aud pulling herself bravely together, ahe I resolved to prove not unequal to the occasion, ' whatever the occasion might he. " Tou have practised a cruel fraud on me, j my lord." she said,44 and shamefully deceived I me. "\Ve are perfect strangers to each other, las you know well, aud it was a piece of ; wicked baseness to take this advantage of my ignorance and unhappy mistake." 44 Wei!, dear, you cannot say that Iabducted you by force, or put the tiniest pressure upon you. Tou came uninvited to me, and jumped into my carriage, and apparently sought my , protection. And I should have been a cad, 1 and more than human, had I refused the' favour which you seemed to ask of me. Xo man, I dare swear, would have acted other- ! wise. Why, I felt like some gallant knight- j errant, delivering a fugitive princess from j some dreaded dragon, when you threw your- i self on my compassion." j " ITy mistake, Lord Tregunworth, is: deplorable, and I do apologise so far to you for involving you in it. But I must new tell you all my secret in sheer self-defence. Captain Singleton asked me to-night to be! his wife, and I consented. And here is his | ring, as a pledge and proof of our engagement, j lu the merest frolic we agreed to elope j together, and believing your carriage to be; his, I jumped in. Ton will, I am sure, as a i gentleman, respect my position and make j rao as comfortable as you can, till I meet! Captain Singletou, who may be, and probably 1 I?, travelling in this very train." 441 am quite willing, Miss Agatlio— Hang it, I can't manage that big Greek name ! Please excuse me, but don't you think you might give mo seme slight "ac knowledgment in return for my chivalrous conduct ? Tou won't deny me a kiss, dear?" Ho rose to his full height, towering over her, and approached with complacent inso lence. Iu a moment the stiletto pin was snatched from her hair aud driven right through his outstretched ann. With a loua oath of rage and pain he rushed at her, and ; there rang out in the silence a woman's : piercing cry: "Hope, help me 1" i Hope Singleton's state of mind may be imagined bnt cannot be described, when the honr arrived bat no Dolores with it. He waited as long as he dared, fondly trusting that ahe might yet appear. Cat he coald not possibly miss his train, as he had extended tbe length of his furlough to -the very utmost limit, and be only just managed to catch the train. Indeed it was moving when he reached it and leaped into the first compartment which offered itself. "Poor little thing!" he murmured, "aho is quite a child, almost a baby, I suppose she funked the elopement at the last moment. Well, I really don't blame the darling. Even in a case like ours, where everything i3 fair and square, an elopement is rather a large order. Dolores! Waat a lovely name! It was always my favourite, though of some what ominous significance. She is mine anyhow. That ring settled tbe business. Fast bind, fast find. I shall get a penitent letter or telegram from her• to-morrow at Dublin, and in another month we shall meet again—never to part!" " Hope, help me!" Was he dreaming, and this a horrid night-, marc? That stifled familiar voice—what did it mean? But surely it was dim and distant, and merely a trick of the stimulated brain and a subjective sound—the ghost of a sound and nothing more. '•Hope, help me!" Fainter and feebler this time came the sweet, plaintive voice, and with something more than tears in it. And, ' by heaven, in the next compartment to him. To realise the dreadful truth was with a man like Hope Singleton to act upon it promptly. And so, divestimr himself speedily of his* great coat ar.d superfluous clothing, ho opened the carriage door, and cautiously stepped out on to the footboard. The nex't moment he was inside the compartment where the struggle was going on. With a wild cry of joy Dolores recognised her champion immediately, and Lord Tresrun worth, turning sharply round, confronted the right man with a savage curse. They were not ill-matched, but the peer was the heavier and stronger of the two, and now almost mad with fury and ready for any mischief. Without preface or pause'the fight began, and before long the two combatants were locked in a desperate embrace, and swayed to and fro to the lurchings and oscillations of the train, while Dolores was powerless to assist her deliverer, and spell bound with horror watched the equal con test. She forgot that Hope in his zeal and haste had left the door of the compartment wide open, and then, suddenly, before she realised the awful danger, as the train turned a sharp corner the combatants lost their balance and were precipitated in that deadly embrace right out of the carriage door into the black darkness. The shock of such an unexpected issua proved too much even for the healthy nerves of Dolores, and she fainted away and fell to the ground in a limp and helpless heap. When the train reached Victoria station, i5 was still quite dark, and the sadden stoppage apparently restored the wretched girl to con sciousness. The door had swung hack during the joumey, and was now practically closed. Every attention was paid to Dolorer, and her story was carefully noted by the police, while the railway officials wired down the line for search parties to explore the route of the train. A noble lady took charge of the homeless runaway girl, and carried her off to bed to her house in Belgrave square, and telegraphed to the professor to come up at once to relieve his daughter's anxiety. It was soon known that the two men, still locked fast in what proved to be a mortal grip, had been found both quite dead. Lord TVcgnnworth still retained the stiletto, with which his arm was transfixed, and poor Hope Singleton's neck was broken by the fall down •he" terrible declivity where the accident took place. Dolores, ignorant of the cruel fate whicu had robbed her of a loyal lover and splendid man, and exhausted with the fatigues of thu prolonged dancing and tragic journey, fell at last into a troubled sleep, pressing tho engagement ring warmly to her lips. And when she awoke with a violent start from & frightful dream, behold, tho gift was gone ? Her storv stramrer than fiction. 