';.' CHAPTER1 XVII. ' 17' Many generations ago,' Guthrie began, ' an arioestor of mine, a: wealthy Magyar from the Carpathians, fell in lore with a Romany girl, tho grandchild of the queen of aKpowerful tribe of Taiganies whose head- quarters were ' in that part - of5 Hungary '. Tradition..desoribes ^the,jroung woman as rarely beá'ñtiruí; wBE^WöffÄÄiiöright eyes, and the soft-flowing epeeoh . of her people. Tb&Magy;&ir; loved^weU/ atíd the girl m^tnhifl passion at flood ; but the old woman waa adversed There waa ' among:thè'; 'Romany dnals* a suitor whom she favored, and she sought by f&ir; moana and foul to bring tho match about. Tradition ia haay aa to whether the gyrwy lover waa preferred because of tribal prejudices, or whether there was some special to my ancestor. Oertain it is that the old woman raged, and thwarted tho lovers in o very way > possible. She appears to have been a jremarkable creature-a wise woman, deeply learned in .occultism and many aortar of secret know- ledge. She was versed in the Black Art, a follower of Simon Mascas and a practiser of tñagió,' so that, apart from her tribalpoBition, sha.possessed an influence with the Tziganies Well-nigh boundless. i ? « L»ove, however, has amagio of its own, full of potency and might, so one blessed -dark night the gypsy maiden and the .Magyar disappeared together. ? 4'Tis said that the witch-mother cursed her descendant, then and there, with a ourse unique and terrible,' facing to. the east, 'whence'comes magio, and spreading her arms, so that the very winds might bear her malediction to its object. And the. ourse wa& that ibeoaneo tho, young wife hod for- saken'race and kindred, for love of the Magyar, her heart. should know no other love, either of children, or kindred; or nation; or friends, but under tho. weight of one dominance should petrify slowly, oom pressing and hardening like atone. * Through the old wonder- witoh's in - fluenee, the curse was passed. from tribo to tribe of the Tziganies until it penetrated to > the bride's hiding-place and wrought on her imagination to ouch a degree that she sickened.' Tho Magyar. did everything in his power to weaken or remove the impress- ion, even to attempting'to assassinate the cause of the trouble, but without avail. The idea of a petrifying heart had taken hold of the gul and was not to ba dislodged. So insistent bcoame her dread that, after the birth of her child, a boy with a Romany faoe and Magyar nature, for whom she oared nothing, the pair. returned to Hnn < gary, hoping to propitiate the old wonder witch and obtain a rermdnion': They had just aa well have attempt -d to remove the Carpathians with a glacs lever. The author of their woe rejoioed in her power, and took fresh hold. ' She wrote; out the curso in a scroll, and would study it, plaoing herself frequently in the young wife's path and pointing downward at it with her finger. 'To make a long story short, au exoited imagination got its fell work of suporin during disease, And the gypsy wife Sresently died for fear of dying. In that ay the belief in magio held sway, and credulity and superstition were leash hounds to be loosed at a nooromanoer's will. The girl was buried aooording to Magyar usages, but it is claimed that the Romany chalí, at the instigation of the old wonder-witch, spirited away her body, and that its ultimate zesting place was known only to the gypeio*. Her heart was removed and chemically treated so that parrifiaation really took plaoe. * Whether or not the old woman finally repented of the indireot murder, and sought to bring good out of evil, tradition does not state ; but it appears that on his attaining Îiuberty she presented the dead woman's son and hor own groat- grandson) with a curious ring of hand-hammered gold, set with a strange looking signet, tho substanoo of which no lapidist has over boen able to determine, or could withoui resolving it to its original elements. Tho stone is heart shaped, dulled rod in huo, aad delioatcly veined with a darker oolor. It is said to bo a bit of the petri Sod heart. Upon it is engravod a perfoot representation of the wonder-witch hernolf, with her fingers on the scroll. Tho outting is said by experts to bo unusually Btrong and fine. * Tho magio pru porty claimod for this ring is that it insnroB constanoy in womon. No woman, accepting it from a man, oan faltor or turn from allegiance to him. Tho ring passes from mothor to son, a mode of progress a trillo unusual. It has on it a Romany inscription, a free translation of which is, ' What I lovo, I desire : what I dosiro, I granp : what I grasp, I hold-' | ' Tho Magyar's ron, boing half Romany, found ont all this from his mother's pooplo, and transmitted it. He married a . German, and his son an Englishwoman, and so to tho history, was. ff ¡.von me rbjç my. mother.! . Ana' ;¿>. 'yèry <B^mlnab1e"^ eo)nw9]íi^-'Mi8Í' VandàiL" . jTa#cy beings b^írotned / with !. ^ btó0Í¿ioua\'blt "of. , bjB^tol^eoVAeafr of ja ;:iiipef \'\^a'^e^om'e^ ; áSámóha't' ' It; mahesJ 6nß^0n'f'!iv'i^^Jk)i&^ bedevilled only to think of itl' Aad'eigKtoo'ù ' years .ago you "foisted this uncanny thing upon, .poor, .unsaapíoióuá Butti^ Donovan; I , Ypufought tb bbáflhaniodbf yourself,: Dr'/"| Guthrie: ' To ' tribk 'youri'own\áo¿omnlibé,. after tripking your enemies ! It was la moat shameless and outrageous performance. Suppose you'd gotten yourself killed, and. that dear woman had baan oompelled to go through life spell-bound to eternal fidelity to a ghost! What sort bf dphouetn'ènt woidd £hat have been P* . Guthrio parried her attaok gayly, de-, olaring' that to the ghost .snob a; result would have been omihently 'J satisfactory. : Re. even audaoiöusly maintained , tba*1, if th?, wonder- witoh' had in truth guarded' the position ' fdr him, she' waa ' ari ancestress worthy of honor, as well '''as tho ' ablest strategist of her cycle.' . YPhyreupon ; Miss Vàndan entered ihe counter^declarationI that Guthrie himself would be/.^e^ure-'tàrbye tb i the heredity people,' as' demonstrating in his own.person how Buch ' traits 'oa',;malevoleia'co and diaregafd will ' persist' through unnumbered generations. .They talked \ a great deal bf, nonsense, those two, and with it all Guthrie's spirits improved to the point of considering his paso rather hopeful, and of feeling that, ! eomoKow^ his'hold upon Ruth waa renewed. AB for Miss Yandan, her brain actually teemed) with plans and suggestions. For i the Ürflt time in her oare*r'Bhe waa viiibly I enfolded' with an atmoaphoro' of unoal c ula tic 3 iominco. Her soul'joyed within her, and ey ney fibre of hor being was set on the eyoluiion of a suitable'dénouement:'' For the next day or ap ^ she áñd Guthrie were inseparable, and that their cbínmUnion wás satisfactory was. evidenced by th« beatitude of their countenance. \ .yfotä' Hugh Donovan ' reappeared, the young : lady promptly took , himJ 4 into confidence, a proceeding to which Guthrie might haye objected had he not caught Ta glimpse of the arcana of another aituation^ 