NEW NORFOLK On Monday, 29th ult., before Messrs. Dean and Wills, Js.P., J. Parsisson and J. Hellesley were charged with carting offen- sive matter through the township. Three witnesses were examined for the prose- cution but failed to prove the charge. One witncss said it had a carbolic smell and was offensive. Constable Marsh deposed that he would not have noticed anything if his attention had not been called to it, and he could smell nothing offensive till he raised the cover. Case dismissed. The Warden called attention to the carting and spilling of manure along the streets, and said as Chairman of the Board of Health he would make every effort to suppress it. On the evening of Tuesday 30th the Ven Archdeacon Whitington gave, at the Library hall a short account of the life and works of Charles Dickens with extracts read in an expressive style to a large audience At intervals songs were sung, by Messrs Andrewartha and Walter Cowburn and Misses McKillop and Ada Sherrin Mr Walter Cowburn played most of the accompaniments The same evening Mr f Crump was driving out ton partj at the Lachlan when near Bourne Bank the horse in going up a lull began to hack and ran the trap to the side of the road depositing the occupants in the table drain ]S o great damage vv as done and the partj on the point of returning were picked up and taken on to tlie dance bj a passing com cj ance On Wednesday álst ult Mr and Mrs J G Brown gave a social and dance at the Oddfellows hall in honour of theu sons recent marriage The hall was crowded there being over ¿00 guests present On Thursday June 1 before Messrs Ellis Dean and AA E Shoobnngc Js P a joung woman of 21 j cars pleaded guiltj to the lurcenj of u clo ik She w as u first offender and sentenced to three months luipi isonment but allow ed her liber j on entering into bei own recognisances to be of good behavioui foi 12 months Alone and unprotected thej did It Tive st ilw art champions braved the mystei îous uni novvn Yet not altogether unpio tcctel foi thev bid a vendable und much to be icspected dout le 1 an elk 1 fowling piece und an ancient pistol til it might licv c seen sen ice ut Watci loo It uppciis that a lone widow has been troubkd latch with in>Mciious 1 noel HIL, s on the walls ind door anl enough stiel s ii ive come lovvn the chmmej to lij,ht i flic in the mommc. So the stalwart voluntccis useinblcdto leep watch uni wind without even thecomfoitof a full bottle or a euchre p ick And thiough the longnightthev «?vtchedaudlistened telling ghost stories till the} got the creeps But the only sounds thej heard were the ooipings of sportive rats beneath the \- - - I ' 'I floor, and the hoarse mutterlngs of a ring- tail in a tree outside. At lost an uneasy cow scratching ber neck against the door jamb, tapped gently on the door with her horn. There was a sudden rush for the firearms, the door was draw n tremblingly open, and tableau. June 2. 