MY BARBER. [By Closb Shave.] I sat down. He pointed to the bright mirror in front and said, 4 Look straight ahead.' I did so. But I did not quite divine his object and interrogated him. I told him I saw nothing much ahead of me. 4 Of course you cpily see yourself, sir. I have been reading the .Hon. Ebby Ward's latest verses in the 'Tiser, and have been trying to look ahead ever since.' 4 About time you did.' 4 But, sir, there's not too much in this 44 look straight ahead ' business. If 1 look straight ahead I see nothing before me but bills—bills. I daresay Mr. Ward's advice would be good to follow out if one went biking, but I can't hold to his theory always.' 4 You'd be better off if you did.' 4 Mayhap, sir, as George Darrell would say.' Then he started to talk ghosts. 41 notice that Ballarat has turned up with its annual ghost again. Great place for ghosts is Ballarat, sir.1 * Oh, indeed.' * r 4 Yes. Of course I don't mean the financial ghost that actors talk about. Many of them wish that the 44 ghost" would always put in an appearance on Treasury day. 4 Yes, but get to Ballarat.' 4 Oh, yes. You know Ballarat is as proud of its annual ghost as Queens land is of its weekly leper. I ve known nights there when half the population would turn out to kill the 44 ghost," but still they could never manage to run him to earth.' 4 They gave up the 44 ghost" then V 4 Until the next year. One time, however, the police captured a ghost. Two Chinamen went flying down the leading street at midnight yelling out that they had seen the 44 ghost," and were being pursued by it. Three policemen eventually induced the Chinamen to retrace their steps and point out where they had seen the apparition' 4 And did they catch him V 4 Rather. What do you think the ghost was ?' 4 Cannot say.' 4 Why, the marble statue of poor old Bobbie Burns ! The Chows had never seen it before.' He wanted to relate some more ghostly experiences, but I toldjiim to reserve them for the Christmas number of the Government Gazette. Nothing abashed he started on politics. ' So Sol. is to lead the Opposition, eh?' ' Yes. Quite correct, William.' 'Well, Solomon of old was noted for his wisdom, and it wont do any harm if his namesake of to-day casts some of it round amongst his followers. It's a commodity, sir, that is required on both sides of the House, and especially in that camp. I am wondering how Yab. will shape in the new rdle.' ' Time will prove that of course.' ' Yes, that is right enough, but whatever Time can do it does not prevent your " wondering" and speculating on chances more par ticularly in politics. Tom Playford is evidently not going to c&st; in his lot with the Opposition crowd.' c Perhaps he has a better thing on, William.' * You may - depend upon it, sir, he knows what he is up to. Trust Tom for that.' * Guess you are about right, William.' ' Did you go to the Military Church Parade, sir?' ' I happened along. Why V ' Oh, nothing. I suppose you didn't see me there V 1 No, and yet I closely scanned the distinguished visitors, William,' £ I went, sir, to get a good glimpse of Governor Brassey, of Victoria.' ' Bracy, he pronounces it, William. i Well, Bracy, if you will be so exceedingly proper. But for all practical purposes the name Brassey comes soonest to one's mind when pronouncing it. And, sir, what's in a name, may I ask ?' 1A great man asked the same question as recently as three centuries ago, so you will pardon my not answering you off hand, William.' 4 Oh, certainly. But I am glad you corrected me in the matter of pro nouncing Lord Brassey s name—Bracy, I should say. Sometimes I am sorely perplexed with names, such as Sinjin, and Chumley, and others. In fact, I am not sure whether my own name is properly pronounced.' 'I hope the matter does not give you sleepless nights.' ' Oh, no. A crying baby provides that joy on the slightest provocation.' 'And what did you think of the Church parade V 'In the language of the poet— N.T.B. A turn out like that helps to revive interest in our military men, you know.' ' The system can stand a revival [of interest in it.' ' Yes, but if there was a little more money given by the Government that would provide a lot more interest. There is nothing like money to rouse interest anywhere, sir.' ' You are right in the main. Our military authorities are not suffering from a plethora of funds I know. ' They tell me we have any amount of officers but not enough rank and file; but military men look to Federa tion to put defence matters on a working-like basis.' ' Yes, Federated Australia will have to consider the military question. There will be no " playing at soldiers " then. ' When I looked at Lord Tennyson and Lord Brassey on Sunday I was thinking about their manners of speech making. Now, our Governor very rightly does not go in for long, weary ing utterances, whereas I hear that Lord Brassey is very lengthy in his utterances at times. Personally I cannot stand long speeches at all.' ' But you can long beers, William.' ' Perhaps I can. Do you wish to put me to the test V ' No, it is rather early, and besides the contrast is a bit ahead of my purse, I'm afraid.' 