LITEBA.RY NOTES. Two geologists were geologising in some ■ lonely Highland place (writes 3Jr. Andrew j Lang in "Longmans.") "One of them, | looking about with a field-glass, beheld the i ! otberoccupiedall day in rolling a great rock I j or boulder to the edge of the hill, whence j ! it rolled down a considerable distance. At J j dinner he askc-d his friend what on earth , he had been about. The friend declared j that he had only been roiling the stone for 'exercise, but, being cross-examined, at last. ; gave out the truth. 'The confounded I thing,' he exclaimed, 'was 200ft. too high , ! to suit my theory.'" j The secret of the manufacture of the j India paper used by toe Clarendon Press . which prints the Bible and various classic ' works is stated by the "Sunday Magazine" j for September to be "known to only three ; persons; no one of those employed in '■ making it is familiar with more than one ' stage of the process. Half a century ago ' an Oxford man brought home with-ium! from his travels a small quantity of very i thin opaque paper, tougher for its weight j , and substance than any previously made, j j He presented it to the press; twenty-four copies of the Bible were printed upon it. They were smaller than any edition pre viously known, and were regarded as great curiosities. The book collectors would ■ have snapped tiiem up at onc-e; as much as : £20 was offered for a single copy. The i press, however, declined to sell, preferring i to mescnt them to the Queen and other ; distinguished persons. A fruitless search j was made for the source of the paper; all , attempts to make some like it ended in dis-1 appointment for 30 years. At last, in ' August, 1675, the secret yielded itself up." An interesting fact relating to an early publication by the "Chicago Times" of the Revised Version of the New Testament is mentioned by the "Sunday Magazine": — 'The four Gospels, the Acts of the j Apostles, and the Epistles to the Romans J were telegraphed through from New York, j This despatch is probably the longest and most expensive ever sent over the wires. It consisted of one hundred and eighteen thousand words, and cost £2,000. The re mainder of the Testament was printed from copies which arrived at Chicago on the day before the issue of the paper. Mr. Baring-Gould, in "Book of the West: ] Vol. II., Cornwall," maintains that harvest customs, now dying out,such as the custom in Essex of catching a stranger in a twisted loop of straw, and holding him till he has paid a forfeit, or in Devon of "making sweet hay," are "an almost certain proof that at a remote period our ancestors practised the awful rites at harvest and in spriDg" which are now found in use in Benin and other parts of Africa. In its notice of Mr. J. E. Hasting's book, The Rabbit" (Fur and Feather series, j published by Longmans), the "A then mum' says that the rabbit is not indigenous in Great Britain, but, like so many other familiar objects of the country, was in troduced by the Romans. It is not named as a common British rodent until the Middle Ages, and then formed, con sidering it6 size, an expensive dainty. Thus in 1380 it was sold at lOd. each, and in 1361 it cost 8d., when four ducks could be procured for 12d. These figures seam to show that it was still scarce even in the fourteenth century. The difference' in speed between hare j and rabbit is thus referred to by Mr. i Hasting in "The Rabbit":—"A rabbit is j said to run faster than a hare for 35 yards; and no one would think of comparing the two but for the few seconds that elapse after a rabbit is pushed from its 'seat'-— when it runs its fastest—and after the hare is started, uncertain, timidly canter-, ing off, but occasionally racing away at a speed which few four-footed creatures excel. The rabbit, with ita short legs,! only half the length of a hare's, and its shorter body, twists and swerves aside .with a jerky motion, and really seems to be going at a tremendous pace. The hone, 1 with her long legs and the stride and grace of a racehorse, moves away so evenly that; most people do not realise her true speed,] No one who has shot at a hare can doubt, her superior pace." \- Wagner, it appears from a volume of "Letters" collected and translated by Mr, William Ellis; and -published by Grant Richards, was disappointed with the Eng-j Hsh taste for music when he visited T»ori- j don with the intention of bribiiijg; outl "Lohengrin." 'The real delight of the English is oratorio; there their music be comes the interpreter of their religion— passez moi le mot! Four hours long do they sit in Exeter-hall, listening to one fugue after another in perfect confidence that they have discharged a good deed, in reward for -which they will get nothing! whatever to hear in Heaven but the loveliest Italian ojieratie arias. It was this i deep fervour of the English public that) Mendelssohn gauged so weil when he com-1 posed and conducted oratorios; for which reason he now has become the veritable saviour of the English music world." "Many have thought," says a writer in! "Literature" of September -2, "that Don Juan was an imaginary character, invested by liyren with the faculty of bring for a; brief space—on paper; but such is very far1 from being the case. There really was a Don Juan—Don Juan de Maraua by name, and in Seville was ha born, in an old bouse behind the church of All Saints', belonging to the Montijo family, of which the Em press Eugene is the most noted member. The story of the real Don Juan is worthy of being included in any book of ghosts, and. though different altogether from that of the poem, lias its literary value by reason of the identity of the thief aetors. It seems that Don J'uau de Marana being, like Chiide Harold, givea to "ungodly glee," rarely came home before daylight, but, hav ing for once made an exception to this rule, met a funeral cortege with its atten dant friars, which was being conducted by torchlight to this church of All Saints', lie asked whose funeral it was, and was told that of Don Juan. Being attracted by the similarity of name, he followed the proces sion into the church, and there recognised the image of himself laid out for burial. The cortege and chanting friars were mythical, possibly phantoms summoned by delirium; but, be that as it may, Don Juan, after re covering from a long illness, repented, and founded the Hospital de la Cnridad, which still exists, and does good work at Seville. The house where be was born, and where he Jived, also stands. It has a balcony and large Gothic window, and by these signs may readily be distinguished. This strange stoi-y was drawn upon by Dumas, the rider, for his drama, or mystery, en titled 'Don Juan de Marana.' " Nova Zenibla, which lies off Siberia, in Europe, is now a Russian settlement, in habited by Samoyads, who are governed from Archangel. Writing in the "Wind sor Magazine," Mr. Russell Jeffreson says that an official visit is paid twice a year, but barring that there is no communica tion whatever with the mainland, for no one is allowed to land wthout a special permit. This is to discourage what used to happen in the old days when a foreign fishing-boat would land, and after dosing the Samoyads with brandy, would induce them to part with all their year's catch for a few more bottles of "vodka" to continue their "bust" on; so now the Governor, when he cannot go himself, sends his se cretary every year to negotiate with them. The product of each man s hunting is taken to Archangel, and au account in his name is kept at the bank. They obtain what supplies they need through the Governor. One Samoyad ordered "a wife, and his order, which was serious, was booked by the secretary. Next voyage the Governor sent him one, a girl from the Samoyad set tlement on the Petitioya. He was very pleased, but next time the boat called the Samoyad sent the girl back, with a mes sage to the Governor that he must change this wife (as if she were a gun or a bale of merchandise) for another, as she was no good, too lazy, and a poor cook, and he re fused to keep her; so the secretary bad to take the gin home, and another wife was 6ent. This time it was a success, perhaps backed by the Governor's message that he would not change any wives sent again." Mr. Grant Allen tells in the introduction to a selection of his short stories, got ready by Mr. Grant Richards under the title "Twelve Tales, with a Headpiece, a Tail piece, and an Intermezzo," how he came to be a writer of stories:—'Tor many years after 1 took to the trade of author I con fined my writings to scientific or quasi scientific subjects, having indeed little or no idea that I possessed in the germ the faculty of btoiy-telling. But on one oc casion, about the year 1880, I ventured for the better development of my subject to throw the argument into the form of a narrative. A month or two later Mr. Chatto wrote to ask me if I could supply 'Jlrigraria' with 'another story.' For some years I continued at Mr. Chatto's request to supply short stories from time to time to 'Belgravia.' Fearing that they might stand in the way of such little scientific reputation as I possessed, I published them all under the prudent pseudonym of J. Arbuthnot Wilson. When Mr. James Payn undertook the editorship of the 'Cornhill,' he determined at first to turn it into a magazine of stories only, and began to look about him for fresh blood to press into the service. Under Mr. Leslie Stephen's editorship I had been accustomed to con tribute occasional papers on scientific sub jects; and one morning, by an odd coinci dence, I received two notes simultaneously from the new editor. The first of them was addressed to me by my real name. In it Mr. Payn courteously but briefly in formed me that he returned one such scientific article which I bad sent for his consideration, as he had determined in future to exclude everything but fiction from the magazine—a decision which he afterwards saw reason to rescind. The second letter, forwarded through Messrs. Chatto and Windus, was addressed to me under my assumed name of J. Arbuthnot Wilson, and begged that unknown person to submit to Mr. Pays a few stones like your admirable "Mr. Chung." ' Thus en couraged, 1 launched out upon what I ven ture to think was the first voyage ever made in our time into the Romance of the Clash of Races—since so much ex ploited. I wrote two short stories, 'The Reverend John Creedy' and The Curate of Churnside,' both of which were duly published in the 'Cornhill.' " "The Story of the Orchids" is a theme on which the Rev. Alexander S. Wilson, M.A., B.Sc., writes in the September issue of "Knowledge." "One of the Australian orchids (Pterostylis longifolia), has a sensi tive labellum which acts as a spring trap. When an insect alights the labellum (or flower lip) instantly flaps up, and the un wary visitor is entrapped in the flower. There is only one opening above by which escape is possible, and, as nappens in Cypri pedium, the stigma and anther are en countered on the way out. An irritable labellum also occurs in 6peciea of Megac linium, Bolbophyllura, Drakea, and others. In the vanilla orchid, the pods of which supply the well- known flavouring, an ar rangement of hairs, somewhat resembling the mouse-trap liairs of the birthwort, in duces visitors to enter and depart in the manner most favourable to cross-fertilisa tiou." Insects take from one orchid flower and bring to another of the same species the poilinia which is necessary to forming seeds. Without such interchange, the flowers would be barren. "The Way of a Ship" is the title of an j article in the "Century" for September by Mr. Frank S. Bullen, author of "The Cruise I of the Cachalot." Mr. Bullen seems to ] have several times visited Australasian seas, as a sailor before the mast and junior j officer. The most comfortable ship he ever | voyaged in was, he says, the Harbinger. He was for one trip second mate. To his mind, she" was one of the noblest speci mens of modern 6hii>-building that ever floated. ".She was lofty—210ft. from water line to skysail truck—and with all her white wings sjH'ead—31 mighty sails—she looked like a mountain of snow. She was built of steel, and in every detail was as perfect as any sailor could wish. For all her huge bulk, she was as easy to handle as any 10-tou yacht—far easier than some— and in any kind of weather her docility was amazing. No love-sick youth was ever more enamoured of his sweetheart than I of that splendid ship. For hours of my watch below I have sat perched upon the martingale guys under the jib-boom watch ing with all a lover's complacency the stately sheer of her stem through the sparkling sea, and dreamily noting the deli cate play of rainbow tints through and through the long feather of spray that ran unceasingly up the stem, ana, curling out ward, fell in a diamond shower upon the blue surface below. She was so clean in the entrance that you never saw a foaming spread of broken water ahead, driven in front by the vast onset of the hull. She parted the waves before her pleasantly, as an arrow the air—graciously, as if loath to disturb their widespread soHtude." Captain Joshua Slocum, the Nova Sco tian who voyaged round the world by him-1 self in the sailing-boat Spray, visiting Aus tralia, has begun an account of his adven tures in the "Century Magazine" for Sep tember. They are unique, though not very stirring. The total distance logged bv the Spray was 46,000 miles. Captain Slocinn began his voyage across the Atlan tic on July 1, reaching Gibraltar on August 4\. Patting to sea again on August 25, he recrossed the Atlantic, arriving at Pernam buco on October 5. There for the present the story breaks off. When in the Medi terranean he was chased by a pirate felucca. He had intended to proceed via the Suez Canal, but this incident made him change his plans, and get out of the Me diterranean as quickly as he could. The felucca was overhauling him when a big wave intervened in his behalf. '"Hie exultation on their faces was changed in a moment to a look of fear and rage. Their craft, with too much sail on, broached to on the crest of a great wave. Three minutes later the same wave overtook the Spray, and shook her in every timber. At the same moment the sheet-strop parted, and away went the main-boom, broken short at the rigging. Impulsively I sprang to the jib-halyards and oownhaul, and in stantly hauled the jib down. The head sail being off, the helm was put hard down, and the sloop came in the wind with a bound. While shivering there, but a moment though it was, I got the mainsail down and secured inboard, broken boom and all. How I got the boom in before the sail was torn T hardly know; but it is a fact that not a stitch of it was broken. The mainsail being secured, I hoisted away the jib, and, without looking round, stepped quickly to the cabin and snatched down my loaded rifle and cartridges at hand; for I made mental calculations that the pirate would by this time have re covered his course and be close aboard, and that when I saw him it would be better for me to be looking at him along the barrel of a gun.,.-The piece was at my shoulder when I peered into Hie mist, but there was no piralb'within a mile. The wave and squall that! carried away my boom dismasted the1 felucca outright. I perceived this thieving crew,: some dozen or more of them, Btrugglhig-to recover their rigging from the sea. . 