MUSICAL NOTES. [By Musicus.] Madame Marchesi; the famous French teacher of singing, was so pleased with Miss Regina Nagel's voice that she insisted that her new pupil should reside with her during her stay in Paris. It is also stated that Madame Marchesi has a very high opinion of Miss Nagel's artistic qualities, and predicts a splendid career for the gifted young Australian contralto. The "Sydney Horning Herald" announces that it is probable that Miss Maud Mc- Carthy, the Australian prodigy violinist, will visit the coldnies at the end of this year. This young lady's.career has, up to the present, been TUe leading London' critics have hailed her as'a performer .of rare gifts. . She has played before the Queen, and has beeu associated with some of. the most celebrated artistes of the day. Miss McCarthy recently completed an American tour, during Which she won the golden opinions of all who Ijeard her; and of her playing at a' concert given, in London about a month ago a flc6dicg journal remarks:—"Her technique, •considering her age, is astonishing. 'I hat she (should play Brahms and Bach, as she did, is something almost a miracle. It suggests that we have here one of those natures 'which are, so tq speak, independent of tone and technique, being able to assert their power and magnetise their hearers by the mere force oi-pci's A yoiiiig Queensland violiniste, Miss Nora'McKay, of Maryborough, who jeft for Europe last year to join the Conservatoire Royal of Music at Liege, under M. Musin, has taken second' prize with great distinction "at that institution. The question most debated in English musical circles at present appears to be "Is Paderewski married or not?" A telegram was received from Warsaw a few weeks ago, w-bich was published in all-'lhe leading papers, announcing. that the interesting, cveijt Had. taken'place. Mr. Hngo'Gorliijr, the famous pianist's secretary, stated, however,' in an interview, whieijLwas likewise copied in the prirScipiU' jftUritaJs..,tbat Paderewski was .noiviiiarried, ajid that . .op the date nientio'ued,* May .31, Ire was with hini (Mr; tiorlitz),'. and' that neither, was at Win-saw 3.t all. The London "Daily JCews," after publishing the contradiction, writes as follows:—"We have direct authority to state "that M. Paderewski was married at the-Church of thajlnly Ghost, Warsaw, on May 31, to Hrlcne,. Baronne de Rosen, a lady who is well- known in musical circlcs." \- As the great pianist is now in London, he-might surely be induced to answer the momentous question' himself. Unless some hvpnotic influence has been at work, lie iit rely ought to know. '..Marriage is an institution that has proved very popular with pianists. To take a few names at random, Liszt, Sir Charles Halle, and D*Albert all j-pproached the hymeneal altar more than once, and of a celebrated lady pianiste a witty German critic recently wrote:—"Madame C. did not plav as well as when she played for the first time the second concerto of her "third" husband at the fourth Philharmonic." . Hetr Albert Friedenthal, the pianist who was in Adelaide a fc.w weeks ago, made his final Australian appearance at the Sydney Town Hall latC Saturday evening. In all lie gave fifteen concerts in Sydney, where lie appears to have achieved a greater success titan attended his efforts in either of the other colonies. Last Wednesday he sailed by the Alameda for America, where his tj'ur will open at San Francisco. After playing in some of the principal towns of lankeeland, Herr Friedenthal will return to Germaciy, as he is engaged ;o -play at' L?;psic in October. Mr. Mylcs Birkett Foster, the eminent English musician and cmnposcr, who is to examine in the colonics this, year for Trinity College, London, is a passenger by the ^ ic- Voiia, which is expecud to arrive oil Sunday. Mr. I-ost-?r's Australian duties will conjmence at Brisbane, and he will eonduet the Adelaide examiaa'ticxis next December. I under.-;!and that the authorities of St. Paul's Church, Adelaide, intend rebuilding, .or at least to a large extent remodelling the organ at present in the Church. This iiiriWument is one of the few remaining ipct-iiiiciis of the late Mj-. Wolff's workmanship, and sadly needs attention. if the proposed scheme is carried out, a new two-manual instrument, contair^-jg about fourteen spr-aking shops, will be'erec-ted. "Pinafore," the first oi the long lis; of Gilbei: &. Sullivan operas, has been revived with immense success at the Savoy Theatre, London. A wealthy American, a convert from Protestantism, alter hearing at Buenos Ayrjs Perosi's "Raising of Lazarus" is stated l.o have placed ot the disposal of the young Italian priest-composer, the sum of om hundred thousand francs (about £4,500 ) for the pur|>ose of founding at Rome a school of Gregorian chant under the direction '•-of Perosi. This composer has just produced at Genoa another orriorio entitled "John." 'According to a local critic the oratorio is a good piece of workmanship, but lacks inspiration. The la^t part, which deals with the death of St. Joliu the Baptist. said lo be the best. Mr, Frank L. Moir, t,he well- known songwriter whose "Best of All" is heard wherever .ballads are sung, was trained as a tuner of pianofortes in Messrs. Col lard ami Cellitrd's factory, where he reni;uned for •eight years. From thence he entered tbo Xational Training School for Music, n.r.v the Royal College of Music, with a scholarship.: lie wrote songs from his eavly yeai>, ;i.nd.i had at one time a four years" contract .with Messrs. liooscy to produce six songs a year. Voice- Training is a special stud;.- wi.ih him, and he teaches at the Guildhail School ol' Music. The I'oyal Comic Opera Company opened their season 111 the^ West at the Theatre Royal, Perth, on Saturdav evening, Julv 22,' with the "Geisha." " When the last mails left the opera was running to crowded hcrjSEs. and meeting with the same enthusiasm that characta-iz/cd its reception in tho other Australian capitals. '"The Albert Fairbairn Ojtera Company intend holding a social and dance at the Trades' Hull ou Friday. Augu-t IS. lo celebrate t'.i^ir recent -ucccisl'ul production at the Theatre Royal of "Giroflc- Glrofla." The pei-nniiry rjsults cf this j season were to satisfactory that it has , enabled the Society to wipe out a. heavy de- l ficit, which has burdened them for some time. Their next opera. "Pinafore," is to be produced at- the Theatre Rcyal next November, not September, as was stated in error in m '"The Register" of last Wednes- day. 