A SWEET YOUNG WIDOW. ' Two hundred pounds reward ! Now, here's your chance, Jimmy,' rapped out my chief one morning. ' Camden Town — your own neighborhood. The polica up there are making a confounded mystery of it j it ought to be as simple as clockwork. Ha, ha ! Twenty bales of rare silk, worth two thousand, consigned all the way from Lyons to Jowetts', the big West-end drap ers. Jowette' agent rushes off to the station to meet it — and finds that some smart rogues have got there one hour before him, presented forged credentials, and driven off with the staff in a van in broad twilight. Now ! Soon after midnight a constable noted just such a van as described suspici ously rounding the corner of Windygate street, Oamden Town, and at that very minute, mark you, someone ran up and led him off with a bogus tale of murder going on at the other end of his beat. When he got back — van gone, and all beautifully quiet. ' Here are two days gone and no develop ments. Jowetta, half mad because the kind of silk spoils iu no time unless kept very dry, have been here and offarod two hun dred pounds for immediate recovery. Taere you are. Windygate-Btreet is a cul de sac, with about 50 or 60 houses in it. The silk may ba stowed in any one of them, and all the locil polica have done is to put an extra man on watch at the open end, on the chance that there will be an attempt to remove the bal^s. Off you go ! I give you twenty-four hours.' I hurried out with a conn lent smile. In lass than an hour I had got to Windy g*te- Strefit — a quiet double row of houses of a fearless three-story type — :and was iti time to see tb.9 ' sppcial ' man exchanging chaff with a servant girl at tho opposite corner. He said something, and she tripped off. Another stare, and then ho pas^eJ me with a confidential whisper. ' Thought I knew you, Mr. Girdlestone, it's all right — a bit of business. That is the girl at a house half-way down — knows nearly everybody in the strf-et and ready to talk all day. Oh, I'm careful, sir ; we don't #ant them to take flight ami destroy the silk. No, not a ghost of a clue so far, sir, except the van business. There's the rut by tho kerb where it turned back, un loaded, no doubt ; there's been no rain since Saturday. But, bleBsyou sir, it might be done every night — there's n--fc a soul stirring here after eleven.' ' Humph ! Shift your point a dozen yards higher up, out of sight; and let me know anything that happens. There'll be a rag-and-bottle man along here presently — do you understand.' I hurried home— it was barely a ten minutes' walk. Half an hour later I was leaving again by the back entrance, so dirty and disreputable that my own wife had given a start. To hire a barrow and stack some 'rubbish on it was simplicity itself ; within the hour I was wheeling it into Windygate-street, shouting hoarsely a re cord price for rags and old bottles. At every area door I had the imDudence to knock and reiterate the statement; and at one likely-looking house even contrived to trip over the step, bring down some g'ass with an unnerving crash, and sham a gid diness. No use ; it merely provoked tho remark, ' Serve him right !' At the end of my arduous round I was only the richer by a barrowload of unconsiderpd trifles. Until dusk I hung about the p'.aco, and then, with a faw whispered instructions to tho constable on watch, trudged b.ick home to think of a more definite plan of action. It must havo been abou1; 8 o'clock when, as I sat studying the Camdeu Town direc tory, the most curious, uadreamed-uf coin cidence occurred. Tho bell rang hesitat ingly ; a pause, and then my wifj topped to say that a young parson, apparently in trouble, wished to see me on private busi ness. Next moment a young ludy in widow's weeds had floated impressively into the room, and was raising her veil from a white, worried face. ' Mr. Girdlestone, tho police inspector f she inquired quickly, in a voice singularly sweet as her expression, and I bowed — her deecription was near the nonce. ' Thoo, 1 hope you won't think me silly, bat really, I felt I could put up with it no longer. Ob, if my husband was only here.' A touching pause, broken by half a sob, theu ' My name is Vurney. I live at No. 9, Windy gate-streot — if you know it, sir. It inny' s.-und strauge, but I go in fear of something happening — almost in fear of my life, You know, when dear Harold died, I had to let tho ground and first floor '--to p, man named Winston and his wif«r ?'They seemed strange from the firstp and kept all their doorB locked j then they began to have mysterious visitors long; after dark, and my servant kept waking me at night to say she could not sleep for the queer noises. I'm positive there's something wrong, and yet I daren't say anything, for there are firearms about — the man deliberately shot at my cat one day because it looked at his canary. But that's not all. These last two days there has been a continual digging1 sound down in the basement, especially at night. I lie and quake. It sounds just as if they are burrowing under the street — they might, for all I know, be mixed up with those dreadful Nihilist people. There, I know there is a mystery behind.' That it was, poured out in agitated breaths. I think it was fully a minute before I could turn my face antl say, steadily — ' Indeed f And what made you come to me, madam ?' ' To you 1 Oh, of course ! Why I gave them notice to go six weeks back, and they simply laughed. Since then they have not offered a farthing rent. I dread an upset of any kind , several times I have thought of going to the police for advice, and always hesitated. But this evening my girl said there was a homely constable at the corner ; the Winstons happened to have gone out, so I slipped on my things, ran up, and psked him would he mind coming in to see what was going on, aud how I could get an ejectment notice. He wrote this address on a piece of paper, and told me to come straight »,o you, the inspector, as you would see into it imme diately. He said something about a search warrant, but how could I ? ' ' He did quite right — and so did yon ?' I was at the door in two strides. This quoer accident, brought about so simp'y, showed the way as clear as daylight ; I stumbled upon the nest, and should have had the silk within a few hours. I would wait for no search warrant, nor to-afik fur ther details. ' This way, madam ! You say they have gone out — then I'll come back with yon. In any case, you can admit mo as a friend.' ' Ye-es.' She had a hand to her fore hiad. ' But — I'm sure they are desperate people. Anything rather than a disturb ance, or that the neighbors should talk.' ' Leave that to me. Er — Katie !' I called over tne banisters. ' Uon t Bit up in case I'm late.' We went out. A moment later we were hurrying towards Windygate-street and — what ?' I looked round for our constable. He stepped out from the shadow opposite No. 9. 'Haven't seen anyone go in, sir,' he whispered. ' The lady asked me to wait in case of anything. I think we've got 'em easily — I tumbled at once. No, I'm not relieved for two hours yet, sir.' ' Come inside with us, then.' Up the steps we went. The servant girl, very pale, was standing in the hall. Together we all stood listening — not a sound from bolow. Nothing more lucky could have happened! 'Now, keep cool, madam,' I soirt, ' and we'll have a look downstairs. The girl can watch here. . . By Jove, yes, every door is locked !' I pulled out mv bunch of keys to try them. We were standing in the passage below, the candlestick shaking in Mrs. Varney's hand. It was rather an exciting moment. '' None of mine fit, I know,' she said, nervously. ' But do make haste, sir — couldn't they imprison us for doing this1? . . . There, that key looks exactly like the breakfast parlor one — this door, let me try it, sir. No, it doesn't quite turn. Oh, and there's tbe door of the big cellar, where we keep hearing the digging and knocking noises.' I haJ forgotten that. Fiinging open tho door I peered down into tbe blackness. ' Hand me that lamp — we'il soon know,' I sud, and the constable followed me down he wooden stops. At the foot the ceiling, was so low we had to stoop. ' Quick, wo might find tlie bales here,' I whispsred to him. ' Mind tho coals,' came Madam's shaky voica down. 'Oh, be quiok. The cellar runs out under the street. It sounded as iftbey . . . Mercy, it's the WinBtons come back. Out with the light, sir — don't move, for heaven's sake.' We wero half way across tho damp, black space ; her voice merged into a halt bcioam so thrilliug, that on the spar of the moment I blew the candle out and gripped the constable's arm. A mere nothing became a tragedy of u sudden. There was the fiowufl. of a door skaitned to, and theo the heavy footstepa and deep voices in the passage overhead. It has happened 66 '\ swiftly and unexpectedly that we stood holding; our breath down there mosfc : foolishly. More banging and thumping and tills overheard — then a comparative silence, ^ broken by the constable's uncomfortable laugh. 'Well, I never. What's our next ' move? They've caught her spying, and there's more than one to tackle. Awk ward.' ' Pooh ! ? ' I stopped the?e because it suddenly struck me that his word was unpleasantly apt. We had 'no search war ran.- — and there might be a mistake after all. Besides, to disclose ourselves might mean a bad hour for Mrs. Varney if not for us. We stood listening. The cellar door had evidently been closed, as no light came down, and the sounds were muffled. Finally I concluded that the best thing in the circumstances would be to find some incriminating evidence if possible, and get away without being seen — -if possible, again. I felt for my match box, and relit the candle. ' Find out something while we're about it,' I said, and we completed our circuit of the damp wall. There were no signs of any excavations whatever, that we could discover. Queer, what about the door ? I went cautiously back to the steps and, pushed. It gave me quite a little thrill to find the door immovable; either some one held it or a heavy weight had been placed against it. I tip-toed back. The con stable looked rather pale in the candle light. ' Queer's the word, sir,' he whispered. 'I don't ha'f like it. I just thought of the coal shoot and there's something on it — the plate won't shift. They know we're d i-.vn here, mark my — 'sh ! that's a cart stopping outsiae. Mr, Gadlestone, thav're . clearing off.' Bpyond a doubt. Heavy footsteps were .-., passing along the passage, and out on to the pavement. For a time we stood, in a. sort of stupefaction j then, in a spasm of ragR, I made a dash at the door, deter mined to chance anything. Unless it re-; ,., siBted our united weight. We pounded,,, and shouted, but to no purpose. We were . ;, caught in a maddening trap, and only had. ourselves to blame. But — the mortification , of it. 'L 4 them go,' I panted, at last. We , ,v must h we them sooner or later — she 11 come down and let us out tho minute they turn their backs.' ' Unless they've done for her,' he whis pered. ' It took something to frighten that woman, sir.' And almost simultaneously there aame a lull in the scurrying overhead, and then a voice, thick with nervous laughter, just outside the door — ' Er— mind the coals.' It was Mrs. Varney's voice. The hall door banged, there was the sound of a cart rumbling away, and then— utter significant ailence. « Great heavens,' I could just gasp out. For how long we stood staring at each other I would not like to say. Trap ? Yes, indeed. That sweet young- 'widow' was one of the gang — perhaps Mrs. Win ston herself. Possibly by accident they had discovered that Detective Girdlestone was on their heels, and had concocted this grotesquely simple trick to inveigle the pair of ub into the house while they re moved the plunder to a place of safety. It was their one chance, »nd we had played clean into their hands Maddening ! Not tho word. That it should have succeeded so merited a Car stionper rxpn'ssion. I flew to the coal shoot. Still immovable ' Your truncheon,' I gasped. ' You , haven't one ? Up with somf of this coal, aim high and Bplinter fhat door.' Crash ! sounded through the house. In two minutes we were clambering, across a heavy wringing machine that had been wedged between the door and a projection of the wall. A pause lor breath and then a hasty search of the house. Five minutes sufficed to show how incredibly wa had been fooled. The place was practically destitute of furnitnre. Signs of the silk there were none. Now we were out at the door, but till coming to griet again over a stone slab placed across the coal shoot. Ten minutes later we pnnted into the police station, and had sent all the available men with description of the young widow flying over Camden Town. Then I started back for home. I would get rid of some of the coal duet and take a cab to Scotland Yard. I got to tho door and pulled out my keys. My keys! They woro not mir.o ? with a gasp I stood aud realised that tho clover creature, asking to try them, had handtd me ba.sk her own batch io exchange. Why, what — . Twice I knocked | before the door opened and showed me my wife's face as white as a sh6ot. 'You, Jimmy? Oh, thank Heaven. We haven't dared to move.' ' W-what do you mean?' in the merest whisper. ' Oh, we've had such a scare, Jane and I. We were Bitting in the kitchen, and I thought I heard some one creeping up nnd down the stairs. I screamed out something, and Jane says she heard this door click. We couldn't stir hand or foot till I heard you knock. I knew it couldn't be you.' ' You knew.' With a groan I strode into the parlor. I knew that I would find my handsome brorza time piece, my choice .vases, and a score of other valuable all gone. Upstairs I sprang like a madman. On the bed table had lain my presentation gold walch. One look, and I staggered back, fairly crashed.. . . Gone, A dar ing double stroke of villainy; they had walked in with my own key while I was fooling at the station. And as if this second humiliating blow was not enough to permanently kill any man's .good opinion of himself, on the look ing- glass frame was pinned a scrap of paper bearing this master stroke of irony : * '* Mind the coals.' That was a year ago, and Messrs. Jowetts, the big drapers, still mourn the loss ot their big consignment of silk. They seem likely to go on mourning. And I — well, my deepest ambition is to come face to face for just one moment with that sweet young woman who went by the name of Varney. ? 