ROUND THB WORLD. (BY T. K. DOW, "THE LEADER" SPE CIAL COMMISSIONER.) NO. XXXI. THE GLORIOUS FOURTH. There Is nothing in Australia, or In nny part of the British Empire, corresponding with "the glorious 41b of July" In Aincrlen. Oiir Queen's lilrtlnlny Is tame and feeble In comparison. Tbc greatness of the flay is largely Ihe result of concentration. America became a nation by the single act of signing Hint Declaration of Independence, which Is reml on Hie Tib et Jnl.v in every nil. V, town nnd village throughout Ihe union, and con sequently It 1s possible i-o commemorate a great ileal that Is dear to Americans nnd honor much Hint Is dear to all free men by the celebration of a single anniversary. The British nation gained Its Independence, and the British people won their liberties by too long and graduated a process to admit of. the grand result being honored toy llie commem oration of any one event. Nor is the "Federation liny" which Is lo celebrate Ihe formation of the Australian Commonwealth ever likely to reach the Importance of the American anniversary, for It can never mean so uracil. Whop the sun rises he makes the birds slag; he shines brighter at midday without causing the same commotion. Of all Hie "glorious Tills" perhaps Hie 4th July, 1608, was tlin most glorious, for It: cele brated, In addition to It-lm usual events, Ihe victory of .America over Spain. For .J lu: first II mo, the Republic had engaged in war wllli a European power, nnd -the morning of Independence dny brought the glad .tbllngs lira I victory had been achieved. The nlglit of the 3 t(l closed lu gloom. Never aifter Dewev'-.s brilliant penforaiuuce rot Manila anil Cervern's obliging retreat into Santiago Har bor was 'there any fear of the final rcsul-t, but the wim' had now lasted long enough, Widows and orphans were beginning to wear monrning In too ninny sections of the States, ami the sight rtf It. wn-s damping the enthu- slasin of llliose who hail for months been waving 'the Stars and Stripes at all social I" ll net Ions. When -Spain -had said she- was going to "flghit to the bitter end," tlie Ameri cans 'remarked that "Spain scran's to know what tlie end -Is going to t (I--- 1 c like," but Slinfter -bad boon dallying long enough lu Cuba. Yellow fever -li- ad broken out among "the boys," and flint was worse than Span ish bullets. Public opinion seemed at length to have aroused the phlegmatic general lo notion, and an attack was to he irinde ou Santiago, which 'hail been Inverted so long. On t'he night of the 3rd July the weary crowds lmd To disperse -from the front ot the riowspnpors offices anil go home -to bed wltli the infonninHoit flint all the bvll-llan-t fighting of the day bud only resulted hi driving cer tain outposts into Sairtlago, and -that nothing more couhl be done without reinforcements. This would mean immtlis of delay, and the tropical summer and tropical diseases had already begun Co light on the side of the Span-hulls. All along America knew of llie wretched Insufficiency of its Naval depart- ment, bat patrloClcnlly said nothing about It, only waving the Stars and Stripes the iriqre vigoroitsly on account of It. But now this knowledge added gloom to the situation. In -tlhfs deep gloom we -went to bed; but what a bright and joyous day awaited ns! The morning brought the news that Santiago had incontinently capitulated, and soon fol lowed the -thl'lugs ot Cervern's fleet having been captured toy the navy of America. In these c-lrcimi'stnnces, -it can he imagined with wliait' tlinnk-ful joyoasness and natural en thusiasm the Americans entered Into the celebrations of Independence day in 1838. I ivas Iu San Francisco; and as no State had been more -patriotic throughout Hie war t-liii-u California, the various functions of -the day wore, no doubt, fairly representative of what was going on throughout Hie Union. OporiUHtons commenced with a grand proces sion through The city — a kind of Lord Mayor's. show A-meri-cnulsed, and further modified by .-the -peculiar genius of the Paci fic slope.. . A 11 bough this Is The "Golden ' State" of California, Mayor I'-liela n docs not ride In a gilded concli but I" a pliilu carriage, and there Is nothing To distinguish ft from tlhe others. It is covered with different sized editions of the American flag, but that Is no distinction, for all The vehicles, and the whole of -the buildings along -the route of the procession -literally bristle with these ex pressions of American patriotism. Every window and every coign bf vantage must liaivc its separate flag, and to say that "no fninilly should be -without one" won-M be a misrepresentation, for every member of tlio family bad to be supplied. Tlie stuff Is sold by the square yard, poles or sticks by the dozen/and every man 'purchases according to his. menus, or, ns Itlic Sc-otdli m-inistor said, who always made a second syllable of Hie plural termination, according to his "mean- ess." The result shows that the first clause of the Declaration of Independence is not to be --taken- l itera lly, -hut rattier In a Pick wickian Reuse, for, while all men are born free to possess a Hag with the orthodox num ber of stars and stripes upon it, they arc uot -all equal lo displaying the same super ficies of bunting. One would have expected that -t-lie national sense of btrnior would lmvc excluded tlie use of those little, stiff, undigni fied miniatures of "Old Glory." When the full -sized flag Is spread out on tlie breeze, with Its broad streamers of red mad white flowing In n-itdulnMng folds from a noble ex panse of star spangled bine, l-t seems worthy to "wave o'er the land erf the free n-nd the home of -Ihe brave," but (ilinse pert little Inii- L'atlons, so like fancy cm lie decorations, cer tainly. dome far short ot "tilting the bill." From one point of view -they loo-k as If the Spaniards were ou T|ie scene trying to ridi cule The A met leans, but In reality they show the loyalty of tbc nation extends all the way from millionaire Plieian in his carriage to the ina n with a 5 cent ling. Tlie procession Is both long and varied, for the people are not amateurs at this hind ot thing.! It is the only "big combine" of the year iii the procession business, but tlie ivbole thing 1ms been done in sections many limes for -every gathering of cnch "society," "bi'ollioihood" or "ordor," anil tlielr name Is legion,' must get behind a band anil demon strate i in the streets. No picnic: would be complete without Its preliminary procession. All the orders, brotherhoods, &c;„ possess re galia or uniforms, nml many of their uni- forms nre of a military character. AU those furnish good raw material for a street show on a big scale, and In this Jnnd of liberty or originality the element of variety Is never wanting. There is not much effort displayed in representing the peculiarities of the different trades and professions, but the his tory, tlie objects, and the principles of tlie various orders nnd brotherhoods are set forth with great success by means of repre sentative tableaux. Large platforms, sup ported oil lorries, are fitted up with living picture representations of all phases of American life. "The Ancient Order of Wild Red Men," "Tlie Daughters of "the Repub lic," "The Sons of the Pioneers," and such like associations, with their tableau repre sentations" of Indians' 'camps, nnd Indians and soldiers, wltli tlie uniforms and fire- aniis Qf the lust century, pursuing the wild red. men, nre features which make the proJ cession quite unlike what Is seen in other countries. Some of the painted men rcprc-; .seating Indians are riding bronchos, nnd uo: Fquimovo Cooper element seems to he want ing. it Is a- brave show. Great energy has been throwil-into the performance, anil vast erowcta have come to sec. There Is no doubl great rejoicing, hilt the people— both tlie per-, formers and spectators— express In u remark able., degree. tlielr feeling of gladness. It Is only thc'companles of soldiers that evoke cheers from' tlio crowd, and even these out- bursts of militarism are comparatively feeble. For tbc' most part, the people's joy Is expressed by vigorous waving of flags, and when ecstasy Is reached, you hear frequent exclamatlous in undertones, such- as "Elegant!" "That's 'just nil right!" These companies of soldiers . form tbc adjoining camp, aud tbey arc going to Manila. British officers, wbo have -admired the absence of tiffneas lu the ranks of our Australian voluni (teeti, wouIfl Sad much to pleaae-them it; these troops, for looseness andfree mid easy Irregularity were conspicuous, " These were ' exactly the same kind of men who did the flglitlug against Spain, and their presence j, tlio procession emphasised the fact that the battles were won, not by soldiers, bnt by raw, untrained volunteer American dtizens. ' Tlio "literary exercises" were on the pri gramme for tlio afternoon, and It ie some what significant that the largest hall in the city was not clioscn for (the purpose, while the selected building was -not more than com. fortnbly filled. The scene Inside of the hell was a brilliant oue, the large proportion of ladles with bright colored dresses, and a wealth of flowers, artificial in hats and uatn- rul In hand bouquets, making up a very at tractive display. Of course the walls and roof were draped in American flags. R should he mentioned that (there were no other flags -whatever either here or In the streets. I had been reading of the blrndlag of the Union Jack with the Stnra niid Stripes In Hie custom States, nnd'l looked round for some blending, but II: (lid- not. come off. If any British subject in Bail Francisco owned a flag, lie was keeping It -for some other oc- i caslon. I never saw a tBHli.sli flag t||| \ got to Caundn. 1 was told at Los Angeles i that « large number of -flags had been got I from San Francisco for blending purposes 1 on "tlie 4th." Tliey hniHno use -for them at ) the Golden Gntc. A tableau on an elevated J platform lu Montgomery-street, which the ! procession passed, was n very effective llviuir f picture representation. Uncle Sam, |u j striped pants -and blue coot, smiled under h's \ white beaver lint at the passing volunteers. He was supported by two soldiers, one In blue nnd the other In grey, the uniforms of the north nnd south, nml John Bull In nn I English hunting dross, very stout and very red In the face, beamed approval on the happy group. 1 thought the old man was behaving sr. nicely that they might have lot him have his ting. Bnt all flags save the one seemed to be tabooed. Even tlie green flag , with the golden burp, which is so dear to the rulers of tills city, was not displayed. America was at tbc wickets all the time. 'There was a capital programme, nnd It seems remarkable that the entertainment did not till a much larger hall. The picnics and outdoor sports ot various kinds, however, appeared to better suit the taste ot the majority. Professional singers anng patriotic songs -between the speeches, and tlie speeches -were good of ifhelr kind, al though -tlie kind would not suit the taste ot British people. The Americans have thclc own standard of 'taste in -the matter -of cm- j tory. 'The orator Is expected to reach an elevation of expression -which would not lie tolerated by an -English audience. Ilo lo ex pected to make an oratorical effort, while the English speaker must rigidly conceal all attempts at oratorical effect. The American audience -will applaud the orator just at the point where an English audience would be gin to laugh. Mayor Thelan made a vlgo- 5 reus speech, only rising in places to the ar tificial aud -ornate; hut "the oralor of the j day," chosen beforehand for llie propose, and who prepares hlmaelf for the effort « \ r-eeted of tohn, read, and read -well, a highly, wrought effusion, which was evidently re- gnrded as highly satisfactory, Ho was a popular lawyer, and Ids performance was unquestionably an able one. He commenced by establishing tlie fact t'lint George Wash ington, Benjamin Franklin nnd other fathers of the Republic, must, on that particular day, have left the great company of the blessed for the purpose of "hovering" aver the United States. Hnving established tlieni In a commanding position ns deeply Inte rested spectators, be askcil the question, "What -must They sec?" He then proceeded to answer -that question, anil It was certain ly u grand sight That he conjured up before the view of those astonished ghosts, for It was (the marvellous success of -the American nation. He soon got on to the war, and In eloquent words he drew the picture of Ainc. ilea, strong and sure of her own safety, pouring out her blood and -treasure In order to secure (the blessings of liberty -for the op pressed Cubans— a race having no claims upon her but Those of common humanity, Tlip war, lie claimed, was a spectacle unique in tlie 'history of the world, as -hnving keen undertaken entirely witlront selfish .motlw. California's sel-f-snerlflciiig part in the drama was -I'hc closing scene. She became a very beautiful female pcrsou standing with her feet on the golden gate, her head among tlie stars, which were her diadem, nnd embracing the genius of the Tactile, Commerce, the Orient and several other attractive females, - the whole making up a very charming picture. "Why cannot the British hi Australia and elsewhere have exercises of -this sort? I aw sure our sense of hmnor In preventing us robs us of a real pleasure. The best part of the programme Is the rending of The Declaration ot Independence, It comes before the oration, and there la nobbing forced or artificial about It. The men who drew up ami signed the document meant business, nnd intense earnestness breathes in every line of it. They nil felt what one of tliem said, viz., that If they (lid not all bang together tiioy would certainly hung separately. There was nothing artifi- clul about the rending of it nt tills function. T.lie gentleman who delivered the noble words of the Declaration, with a rich Irish accent, put tits whole soul Into Ills voice. It seemed ns If the wrongs of these worthy colonists bud been suffered yesterday, that the Declaration had just been drawn up, and that tlie reader would conclude by attaching Ills signature, being prepnred to seal It with bis blood. It did not transpire during the day that the attitude of England towards America tond iu any way changed during the last 100 yonrs, nor was nny reference made to the part which England lmd taken among the European powers In connection with the Spanish war. They sa-y such things wore mentioned In the East, and I left America without being fortunate enough to hear s single word upon the subject. My confl- donee In the Anglo-American alliance rests upon the conviction that the objects of the two nations must in general he the same, for lliey possess the same notions lu regard to liberty nnd justice. As for sentiment of the desirable sort I looked for it iu vnlu. Blood Is no doubt thicker than water, hut unfor tunately water, like the flowers which bloom In the spring, lias nothing lo do with the case. What of British blood there Is In America Is a matter o-f race, hut what there Is of national life Is American, mid nation hood stands above distinctions of race.- It . was something quite different from water that turned men of British blood into Ameri cans. 1 have not allowed sufficient space for Ihe fireworks. There were so many of -Item, and thoy made Huch a noise, tliut I Intended to fill this letter wltli an nccount of them, but I got carried away with American on- tory. Such a spontaneous, extravagant and sustained demonstration ns the letting ol of crackers on 4th of July night cannot be realised without seeing and bearing it. There are not uiany rockets or such other firework! as merely light up the sky. The popnlir mode of demonstrating Is making a uOlse. Chinese crackers are sold In great cables Inches through and 0 feet loug. About » dozen of these things are tied together and lniDg over a step ladder In the street, juet off the side walk, and set ou tiro. Then com mences a deafening crackling like musketry, lasting for several minutes, until the touched ends nre reached, when tlioro Is > , terrific bang, aud the ladder is again rushed hy eager parties with more cables. These ladders are in operation n few chains apart in every direction; smaller strings o crackers are going off all the tluic on ; side walks, -and boys are firing off pistol., guns aud toy cannons nt Intervals. racket Is kept tip frem dark tlll nfter mH- night. Late In the evening the whole of tM side walks nre covered to a depth ol inches with paper and cracker rases. nn tlie final stage consists In raking f together In heaps and making bonfires them. The American phrase, money burn," must have originated on a 4th July, for there seems an easeraess on band to spend money upon that on nuleklv. When the sound of the cracnre i dies away I think again of the Declare; of Rights, and those of the happy Ilaus who have inheritod so much of wte . other men fought for: 'There a«fln.eJ$£ In ) tbc Declaration that are not In Aw but to a nation with such splendid hW»;. ilill things. are possible. - ; \ ' 