LITERARY NOTES. Messrs. Lawrence and Bullen, Ltd., who recently published from Cromwell to Well ington, are, says the Leader, about to issue a companion volume, From Howard to Net- son ; Twelve Sailors, The general editor is Professor J. Knox Laughton/ who con tributes a.memoir of Lord Howard of Eflbig horn. . Vice-Admiral Sir Frederick CL j). Ledford; K.O.B., writes on Drake; and Captain Montagu Burrows, R.N., Chichele profossot' of modem history at’Oxford, on Blake. Admiral Sir Edward Fremantle, K.O.B., denis with Hawke and Boscawen ; and Admiral Sir 11. Yosoy Hamilton,G.C.B., with Rodney and Hood. Rooko finds n champion in Rear-Admiral C. C. Penrose Fitzgerald ; Anson’s biographer is Vice-Ad miral A. H. Markham ; and Rear-Admiral T. Sturgcss Jackson describes the long and brilliant career of Howe, whom Nelson styled our groat master in naval tactics ami bravery. The lives of Lord St. Vincent and Nelson nro from the pen of Yiec-Admiral Philip H. Colomb. * Mr. Fraser Rae is searching for the Real Junius as zealously as if he wgro looking for the Holy Grail. Ho finds that curious in terest was taken by Orito (ono of tl.o ad- Imirors of Junius) in 1820 in a proposed new edition of tile Letters. This was a year ami a half after the death of Sir Philip Francis. Notes from Conto to Wood fall, the pub lisher, dated August, 1820, are now in the British Museum. Mr. Rae, in the Athe naeum of May 6, sums up tho position in these words:—If Macaulay had not treated tho guesses of Taylor and others ns authen ticated facts, and laboriously polished a fic tion till it bore the semblance of truth, tho Franciscan myth would much sooner have followed that of Hugh Boyd into .-ho land of oblivion. Hod Macaulay lived to read the letters which Francis wrote from the Wav Office and in the Public Advertiser — had ho learnt that H. S. Woodfall solemnly stated that he was unaware who Junius was, • but ho knew ho was not Francis, r.j)d that both William Pitt and Lord Grenville had affirmed they know tho name of Junius and that it was not Francis—he would doubtless have reconsidered Ids conclusions, and might have changed his opinion on tho subject for the fourth time. I have shown in Ihe Athe naeum that Francis was a contributor to the Public Advertiser at tho same limo as Junius, ami that Junius commented on some of his letters. In No. 3667 of the Athe naeum I gave extracts from letters in which Francis defended George III., and Lord Mansfield in the Public Advertiser against the envenomed charges of Junius. If Fran cis and Junius were ono, then Francis was able to write two hands and two f cries as different from each other os anything in this I world can bo. In tho present naper I have showni that Orito had a knowledge of Junius such ns no other person has yet displayed. Those who wish to identify Junius have but to ascertain who Orito was. Ho was alive in 1820. His papers and books may bo extant still. An article in the Temple describes Rmly ard Kipling’s homo at Rottingdean, m Eng land. His houso is tho same old-fashioned rooftreo under which (says tho Austr *.la«inn) a swart youngster fresh from India, ho spent his holidays not so many years ago, “To come back to this sleepy little flupsex i village, with tho sea at its feet and tin roll ing Downs behind, is, in Mr. Kipling’s case, to return to an old Jove. At Rotti igdcan i ho is among the friends of his boynoo 1, Nearly every old villager remembers 'Do little Indian,’ as they used to call Burne- Jones’ nephew-, and every houso i-i the [ single, straggling street possesses for him ' tho charm of old association. At the an cient vicarage many famous men learned I the rudiments of knowledge. Tho grc*t Duko of Wellington was flogged there. Bul wor-Lytton was 'cook 1 of tho little schofl, and onco fought a seven-round battle with a schoolfellow named Moroton on the vil lage green beside the horso-pond. Another scholar tinned out by tho Vicarage Aca demy was Cardinal Manning. Only a fow weeks ago the remains of William Bln k were laid to rest in Rottingdem church yard. Near by lie tho ashes of Burne- Jones.” The vulgarisation of tho firtoM among words is an inevitable process (remarkj Literature). It takes but a few- years y sonic times a few months, for terms of tion to become hackneyed and insincere— —and therefore meaningless—by the viol nt uses of journalism. “Precious" died ten years ago ; “winsome” had but a feeble exis tence w-liich has now fluttered away; “con vincing” is moribund ; “distinguished" and “charming” need much care. No critic who respects his style can now say that so and-so “has arrived” or “will go far.” Litera ture might have added that the hackneying is clone almost entirely by “our own corre spondents” and paragraphisfcs, who cannot themselves throw off new* or appropriate phrases, but are quick to catch sight of term? that seem striking. Then they copy each other in tho use of them till readers (re ut terly weary. “Definitely decided,” winch stands condemned as tautology, has had an oppressively long mu in Australian papers. The longest Papal conclave on record met at Viterbo in 1270, It resulted m the elec tion of Pope Grcgorv X. Mr. Richarl Davcy, in tho “Fortnightly” for May, re vives the memory of the story which has often been told. “It appears that the car dinnls who were in Viterbo at tho time of the death of Clement IV., and who com* posed the conclave, could not, for their lives, arrive at a conclusion os to who was to bui coed him. After sitting for many months they were about to pack up and return to Romo, when St. Bonaventura persuaded the Vitcrbans to surround the palace so as :to prevent their leaving it, a proposal which was hailed with glee by the people, who intimated to Hhc card.nals that they should, remain shut up whore they wore until they had accomplished their mission. However, even this ex pedient did nob hasten matters, and two years elapsed before tho prelates could make an end of thoir session, they remain ing virtually prisoners all tho time. One day tho Cardinal Da Porto declared ‘that the Hnly Ghost would never descend upon them so long as there was a roof -over their heads,’ whereupon tho populace, taking the worthy prelate at his word, unroofed the ; edifice. Tho winter was bitterly cold, arid soon the ••’ordinals began to feel its effects, and wore nearly frozen to death. But even this severe expedient had not much effect, and at length it was decided to starve them out. They were to be deprived of all provisions, especially wine, without which no good Italian can endure life. The poor. cardinals had withstood rain, snow, wind and cold, but this last deprivation was the straw which broke the camel’s back, and they speedily elected Gregory X. When the famished and reverend gen tlemen—so says the legend—eventually quitted the conclave they wore absolutely ravenous. The townsmen, wishing ’to show them that they bore them no ill-feeling, entertained them at a sumptuous banquet, with tho unfortunate result, however, that four or five of them ate so voraciously that they expired on the spot.” > ' Two correspondents of Literature chal lenge statements made by that journal (we quoted them last week) about Joachim Du Bollay, the' French writer, whose works were presented by the Prince of Wales to Lord Crewe on his marriage with Peggy. Primrose. One writes; —“I would like to ask why you say ‘Ronsard and Du Bellay had seen too much of the world.’ I am mot aware that Du Bellay’s life was in any way irregular before ho published La Defense, in 1549, and no authority I can consult has been able to enlighten me.” The other correspondent objects to tho statement that Bclloy’e birth, “which foil about the time of tho battle of Pavia, was said to be intended by Providence as a compensation to Prance for that disaster.” . “Surely,”, he writes, “Du Bollay never occupied such a position in tho world’s eye ns to warrant such a suggestion.- It was beyond all doubt Ronsard to whom this unique compliment was paid ; Ronsard, : ‘the Prince,’ the admired of all Europe, from Mary in her prison to Elizabeth on her throne, in whose immortality the sceptic Montaigne believed, and for whose patron age Tasso, humbly sought;” 