WHERE GHOSTS WALK. Edmund F. Ball, in the 'Royal Magazine.' The remarkable story of the appari tion at Berry Fomeroy Castle, near Totnes, appears to be authentic, and is well known in the West of England. The legend runs that in the latter pa: t ot the last century Dr. Walter Farqu har, who was then at Torquay ,was called to the Castle to attend the steward's wife. On his arrival he was shown into a room on the ground floor and asked to wait a moment. Alter some minutes had elapsed he grew im patient, and arose to question a female who had opened a side door and was walking across the room. His sur prise, however, was great when he no ticed her manner and garb. She was dressed in rich attire, but in an abso- j lutely out of date ^costume, and wrung her hands in a pitiful manner — her- face evincing signs of great distress. She walked to the flight of oak stairs and, quickening her pafce, disappeared. At that moment the steward entered the room, and announced that his wife was ready to see him. Dr. Farquhor found his patient dangerously ill, and he was so much engrossed with the case that he forgot, ere he left the building, to question the steward as to the young lady in the curious dress he had seen. On the following day he found his pat ient much improved, and remembered to ask the steward about the myster ious young lady. As the .Uoctor re counted his experience the poor fellow showed unmistakeable signs of fear and trembling, and told the Doctor that now he was Igurehis .wife would soon die, as the spectre was the Bpirit of the daugh ter of an early owner of the Castle who had murdered her child, and had Bince appeared as an omen fortelling the death of an inmate. Dr. Farquhar guickly gave the steward every assur ance of his wife's turn for the better, and that he thought she would continue to improve, but the credulous old ste ward would not hear of it. The next day -the Doctor 'called at tihe Castle and was astounded to find that his patient had died soon after he left the place the preceding day. The most strange part of tlib story is to come. After an in terval of several years, Dr. Farquhar was well-known in London as Sir Wal ter Farquhar (1796), and could count among his clients and friends certain members of nobility and Boyalty. One day a lady, came to him in great dis tress, saying her sister was ill, and ap peared to be wasting away, ana that on being questioned, she was most empha tic in saying she saw a ghost when visiting in Devonshire some weeks be fore, which had left such an impression upon her, that do what she would she oould not shake it off. The lady fur ther said that the spectre appeared at Berry Fomeroy Castle, at Which Sir Walter started, told ins experiences and requested to see the young lady immediately, whom he found suffering as described. The poor girl appeared greatly relieved to be speaking to some one who shared her uncomfortable ex perience, and, it may be added, soon re gained her usual health. Sykps Jjumb Farm, near Blackburn, Lancanshire, haa a well-known reputa tion for being haunted. The house itself is a very primitive dwelling, built of large, roughly hewn blocks of coarse limestone, having a lonely situation in a secluded deU by the banks of the Mel Jier Brook. Several parties have as Bertoed that, they have seen an old. wrinkled woman, paaa. along the road which led to the Iiusthi biit were so afraid that they never daped- to qaeatton her. It came to pass thai; a young fanner occupied the premises, and cai' seeing the *^gjkost' one night beneath j an old apple tree in the orchard he ac costed her, when she pointed to tbcj ground, the young man dug and i soon came upon a number of earthen ware jars containing ancient gold and silver coinB of hundreds of ' pounds value. After this night it is said the old dame hss not troubled the country folk so much. Heath Old Hall, hear Wakefield. Yorkshire, also has its ghofct. ThiB mansion is a splendid pile of the Wa bethan period, and the windows were i formerly emblazoned with the arms of same of the chief of England's nobility. In 16SK^ William. Witham, who was m possession, was suddenly taken ill and died. A later owner, of the Hall was a sister of Witham's — lady Mary Bo - les— e strong-minded woman, who was locally known aa 'Old Mother Hub- i bard,' and who, it is recorded, died in I 1662 at the age of eighty-4hree. Tra dition says this lady's spirit stiU haunts \ the place. Her favorite spot seemed to be the old banqueting hall, wher£ j she hss been seen to glide along in a - most mysterious fashion. . ThiB ghost, ii also reported to have walked in ! Heath Grove ; bnt was afterwards con jured down into a hole of the^iver, which is even to this day known aj 'Bole's Pit.' There is a strange story of the. super natural in connection with Hackwoot House, -an old mansion near Basing stoke ,in the shape of the ghost, of a young lady, said to have been murdered there. She was seen soon after -the house waa purchased by Lord Bolton, by Ix- rd ? Bolton himself and two of bis mends. Hie ehost of - Barbara ' Vil liers, Dochees of Cleveland, is said to 1 haunt Waljjole House, Chiswick Mall, and her spirit appears at short inter vals at a bedroom window in the upper part of the house, winging ita hands and beseeching some tmcopini person to bar mi btr tat warty. 