Byfebgus some. _Author of "The Mystery, of a Hansom ?Cab," ' T-he Third Volume," "The Lone Inn," "For t5ie Defence,"" Sc., &c.; ' ? On hoardings, in fit-Ids, onthe covers of magazine, ">n the back sheets of ,new«; papers, an advertisement headed "8.S.S.' appears with the regularity of the sun. Ad ditional information is accorded to the curious by the expansion of tthese mystic signs into y the "words, "Sarah's Salutary Sauce"-a condiment invented by SaraJi Brag to tickle the palates of the epicures* Her 'husband, a compositor in tfle office of a provincial journal, made a- fortune out of it for botfh of them. lie oommenced quite in a amall way by advertising it in tne columns he srt up, while Sarah, rent ing s»irtable* premises in the town, person ally manufactured Her invention. The ad vertisements were read, the sauce was ap proved of, and as circles on the water its fame widened round the world. In twenty years Mr. and Mrs. Brag were almost mil lionaires, and having turned their concern into a Limited Liability Company, (retired to enjoy an old age of well-earned ease and comfort at Alliston Hall. "S.S.S." did its work well, and for once fortune bestowed her favours on the desep*ing. . They were wholly unlike the millionaires of commerce or of fiction, these two. For ft!bey were neither anxious to get into so ciety nor desirous of displaying their wealth with ostentation.. Mr. Brag, indeed, had rufibed off some of his natural rough ness whilst shouldering his way through the world,; but Sarah his wife was as much a cook as she had been wliefl fthe presided' over the kitchen of Alliston Hall. Now she sat in Itihe drawing-room, and could without doubt have Ret up as a fine lady had she so desired. But her heart was ever in the back premises, and duer visits there were by no means infrequent. She remain ed always the uneducated, rough, warm hearted woman, devoted to her home and 'to her husband. I knew her value better than any one, save perhaps Helen; and both of us were extranely fond of her, and indeed of Mr. Brag also. They were a typical Mr. and Mrs. Boffin. But who am I, you will ask-and who is Helen, too? A\ell, I who tell you this story am Geoffrey Beauchamp, an idle Oxonian and Private Secretary to Mr. Brag. , Vy hep I left Ba'liol rav father, failing in business, taok his loss of money and repu tation so seriously that he died of a broken heart, and joined my mother in the next world, whither she had long preceded him. Finding myself an orphan, penniless, and without a profession, ] cast about for em ployment. I answered an advertisement f-or a Secretary. In this way it was that I became acquainted with Mr. Brag. For t.'iree years past "I have loc.ked after his affairs-that is to say, I have written his 'ictte-r?, advi.»Ld him as bent I could, and have stood between his too kindly soul arid the hungry horde of money ImntjVs. And he on his part has treated me more like a son than a pnid servant, which I have not failed to appreciate. So comfortable a position and so kindly a friend come not to every man; Tiien there is Helen. She is looked upon as the daughter of the house, as indeed she i.s, seeing .that she was born at the hall. When Sir Ralph Alliston died, after a spendthrift career, he left his only child without a penny. The Hall was'sold, and the proceeds Went to pay off the mortgages and the rest of the debts. So Helen, poor helpless girl, had no, choice but to go out as a governess. Bii't Sarah Brag soon changed aJI th^t. She remembered Helen as a cuikl, and when'the Hall was nur diasedby the money made out of '"S.S.S." she sought out thp. orphan and insisted upon her returning, '"As my own child," explained the good soul; "seein' that 'J.' and me ain't bin b'iess'd with babies. Not that I'm a lady, my dear, nor could ever have a daughter like you. But we'll put it like that to satisfy the 'conveniences' of society."' W'hat could Helen do but accept an offer so kindly <ind so liberally made' So she came back to her ancestral home, and found existence made as pleasant for her as Mr. and Mrs. Brag could make it. Then it came abou't that as I was young and Helen alto gether charming we fell in love with each other, much to the delight, bs it said, of our patrons. Eventually it was arranged that I should be Helen's hu.nbnnd, and that she should expect to inherit the substantia'! profits from "S.tS.S." "And jf I might advise Mr, Beauehamp," said Mrs, Brag, beaming, "you should take the name and arms of Alliston by right of 'Klen here, so that when we are dead and j gone the old family wi!" still be in the old place where they have been for Lord knows what number of years." "Think," fried Mrs. Brag, iubi'antly, "of the ancestors you'll have. Why there's a Church chock full of 'em-all'knights and bar'nites. Fine, ain't it?" I agreed that it was "fine," and with Helen's consent, indeed at her express wish, I promised the worthy couple to take the name of Alliston when I should lead the last scion of the family to the altar. And this was the position of affairs when the ghost came; I do not think there were four happier people in the whole world up to that time. Lady Marian snoilt it all. Lady Marian was the ghost's name. She had been a Georgian beauty a couple of. hundred years ago-had rustled in silken brocade.in the midst of Jacobite conspira cies. Her husband had preferred King George to King James, and desirous of keeping his head and property had given her to understand as much. But it would seem that excitement was the breath oi Lady Marian's nostrils, and she made the Hall a centre of intrigues, which include*' tlie midnight visits of Jesuit priests, 01. French emissaries from His Majesty over the water, and of sulky squires who cursed . the Hanoverian in their clips. Sir Walter Alliston, being a jealous hus band as well as a loyal subject, disapproved of his wife's pranks, and accused her oi using politics for the masking of intrigues against his honour and her own. The lady, being of high spirit, denied the accusation, and swore never again to speak to her hus band. He, more furious than ever, kept a close watch upon ber, and one evening found a masked gallant leaving her apart ments. Without a moment's hesitation he ran the intruder through with his rapier. Wihen he tore off the vizor he found to his horror that the victim was Lady Marian herself, disguised for some excursion. Dy ing, she cursed him and his, and declared that she would haunt him and his descen dants evermore. "And she's kept her word!" said Mrs. Brag, who told me the story, "for when Sir Wafter died she walked down the picture gallery the night before. She _ alwayi comes to tell when one of the family is to die. I 'eard as she was seen just before 'Elcn's father went off. and when Lady Allfetondied ingiving birth to ^atdearj girl I $he^most< my^elf.'^. ? "XoMBn^JiSarB. Brag! ' There are no Buch things I said. "Oh, am'h ihetp; but there ifl. 1 tril you, asTm a livm* breathin' woman/I BUST the LadyMaiiaa gliding along tiie picture gallery in 'jgh-'eeled shoes, just as she wore when alive. , .- j-; "Ha»e y«d seen tta ghost, since , you bought the HaE, Mrs. Brag?" "God foAid, m£ dear; for if 'Laayv Marian comes again it will only be to take away 'E!en, aeein' as eheVthe last of them." . - As Mrs. Brag; with the superstition of an uneducated person, firmly believed in th^ warning apparition, I-was not surprised on "returning from a month's holiday in Switzerland shortly before Christmas to find hey in a state, of greats alarm at the reappearance of her bugbear. Two weeks before my return Lady Marian, brocade, high-heeled shoes, cane, and, all, had twice j been seen in the picture gallery-on each occasion at the midnight hour. Mrs. Brag was certain that it meant Helen's death, and, unable utterly to keep feeling of any kind to hergelt, had suc ceeded in infecting the whole house with her fears. Not a servant would enter the Jong gallery, as it was called, after dark; and even Mr. Brag,- sceptic ashe waB, be came uneasy when he came to think of ? what it might mean. . The girl herself did not look so well as when I- had left for my holiday. She was pale and-thin arid singularly silent. Her eyes, too,, seemed unnaturally bright. After Mrs. Brag 'had delivered herself of the storv, and had stated her intention of call ing in the vicar to1 exorcise the gho3t, I was left alone in the drawing-room with Helen. . ., "My darling, you look ill," a said, clasp ing her in ray arms; "surely you do not believe in arJ this nonsense?" She shivered. "I don't know, she said, nervously. "Both the housekeeper and the butler have seen the ghost, iwr.s. Brag is always talking about it, and really I am beginning to think there must be some truth in it." . " , "Nonsense, nonssnse! All this talk and fuss 'has mnac you aeivous and ill. Hasn t it, dear?" . ,, ... "Yes, Geoffrey; I was quite well until the ghost came." 1 saw very plainly how matters stood. Helen was sensitive and highly strung, and Mrs. Brag's foolish talk had wrought her up to such a pitch that the tortured nerves reacted on her delicate body. She was never a strong girl, but she was always very healthy. Worn' was evidently what Ihacl 'made her ill. 1 no longer wondered that the Allisrtons had died when Lady Marion was rumoured to 'have appeared. They were a nervous race. 1 realized there fore' thiat if I did not do something to ex orcise this spirit, if such it were, Helen would bccOme seriously ill, and might even die. , " T "It is a good tilling I returned, I said to Mr. Brag, when Helen retired to drtns .for dinner. "Tha't^girl will die if this sort of thing goes on." ^ "I dessay, 1 dessay, Geoffrey; but how do vou piopose to stop it?' "Find out the trick, to be sure. "But 'ow do you know it's a trick, Geo/i'rev?" "I'm Hire .of it. Tell me, have you seen the ghost?" , "Lor, no. I am t a coward, Geoftrej, but wild 'orses wonldn>. drag me to that gallery nt night. I ain't scon it? but J *ir sons and Mrs. Jackson "ave." "Or think they have. What they have seen is some one dressed up as Lady Ma rian, mark me. Or else tite y suffer from hallucination. Parsons is sober, 1 know. "Oh, yes; and even if lie ain't, Airs. Jackson is. never touches a drop to my knowledge No, tain t drink, whatever it is." ...And they both declare that they have seen the ghost?'' ..Lor', vcs. They take their oaths they have/' "Then it must.be a trick. And if I catch the person w/io is p.aying it J II- well, J Jl make the false gliowt a real one. \\\ ill yon Jet me take charge of tiiis matter, jjr. Jirag?" . . " "of course, Geoffrey. 1 was just waitm for vou to coiiie buck. Find out w/;at s wrong, and knock all this stuff out of iny old woman's head, file's mostly in hyste JICS o' nights." "And no wonder when Helen looks so ill. Believe me, ghosts went out when gas came in. 1 tlnnk J. shall manage to prove to you that 'this spectral Lady Marian is very substantial flesh and blood.'' "But she may not be," urged Mr. Brag, somewhat dubiously. "Lots of these 'igii families 'ave their ghosts to see 'em into the next world, I believe. Besides, who could be playin' this wild trick?" "Ah, itJiat's just what we have to find out." But it was n:it so cusy to find out. I | questioned Mrs; Jackson and Parsons in the .most exhaustive manner. They corro borated each other's story with such ve risimilitude and wealth of detail as to leave no doubt in my mind of their good faith. Evidently they had seen a brocaded lady in the picture gallery; 4»ut," of .course, it could be no such thing as a visitant from the other world. Tnat was where they v ent wrong. I was certain it was some one' playing a trick. "i>h, you may laugh, sir," said Mrs. Jackson. She was suc.li a .sitiff old dame. "But I do assure you that I saw the ghost with my own eyes. I was coming through the 'long gallery from Miss Alliston's room, anri in the moonlight it c ame on, clack, clack, clack, in 'high-heeled shoes. I couM hear distinctly, the rustle of the dress, an-! as i't swept past me I felt a perfum* like that of dried roseieaves. It was Lady Marian sure enough, as 1 saw from the par trait in the gallery. I fainted dead ]Vlr. Beauehamp, sir; and when I came to myself it was gone.' I confess to feeling a trifle uncomfortable at all this. Then Parsons took up the story. "I d'dn't faint, sir, not bcin' a woman." said he, "but my flesh was mighty crcepv as it went past. I stared at it like a gtu?K pvj, though it was plain enough in- the moonlight. It vanished all of a sudden by the minted winder at the end of the gai lerv. "What were you doing in the long gal lery aX that hour, Parsons?" Comm.' np from master, -sir. He'd a bad cold, and T took him wp some 'at rum and water. I wouldn't go u> that "there gallery again, sir, for a21 the Crown jewels. It was a ghost, sure enough." "Oh, was it!" said I, showing plainly bv vty tone that I did not think it was. "Call the servants. Parsons." In a few minutes all the domestics in the house were assembled, and a very .white faced crowd they were. Many of them would have . been frightened away from the hall had ft not been that the ptaee was sndh a good one. I suppose, too, it was a caw in which they felt there was ?.comfort in Bomber*. I harangued them pretty freely for what I termed their non sensical fearw. "Men and women rwme to years of sense," I went on, "well-'I'm surprised. How can yon believe such robbisdi? Some one &ypra; 1b fflayini » aiit.flte it is JE »b!a!l apd ont;: «6 peware, all of you. ?Of aooawe, they protested 'T^eniently. ?tft (that »as fco |» expected. ^"However, said, "voa <an fokethis warmngfrom me. faave a taste of"it. Tarn urit nmi; to te,ve ynorma^er^dnii^rssg aiidMsw Allison frightened by this silly Again Ifliey all protested. But I sent the Jot of them away with more blood in their cheeks. Then. I turned upstairs. to dress for ,dm m>ar. As I did «> 1 noticed a pretty, timid-looking young woman, whose lace 1 did not.recognise. She glanced at me un easily, and was evidently disturbed. "Who are you?'-.1 asked, abruptly, paus ing before her. . "Jane Erordan," fir," ehe replied wain a curtsey. "I am new here." "What ate you?" ? - "Under-housemaid, sir. Oil, plaaee, sir, do you really itbink there is a gjhost? ' "ifa, yeu silly girl. The dead never re turn to this world." , , . "Please, sir, what about the Witch of Endor and Samuel, sir?" ' ? "Oh, you are a theologian, I see.. Well, we won't discuss "that apparition. You imiei just look upon that as a miracle and not be afraid." She .Shuddered, and looked over her shoulder apprehensively. "I'm terribly afraid, sir, it's no use my denying it. 1' shall ask mistress to let me go," ' . "You will ask nothing of the kind," said I in my most peremptory manner. "Your going would only be the signal for general Sight. Yoa'H atiy here like a sensible" girl, "Oh, sir, but -will it be cleared np?" "Of course it will, and by a very substan tial leaden bullet, too. Now get on with your work, and don't be a fool." I saw that there was only one way to deal with tiie thing, so that I spoke more brusquely to the girl 'than I would have otherwise done. Besides, she irritated me; she seemed so Absolutely teirified with fear. She was calculated to infect the rest of them, though they seemed bad enough as it was. I went oil 'to dres3 in no very good humour. Mr. Brag's want of commm)«ei)#e over this affair amazed me. Usually he was a cool-headed and logical man, as was con clusively proved by'the position to Which be hiid attained. Yet apparently he was as nervous and distraught new, as any of the women. The ghost seemed to have been too much for nim; to have knocked 'the grit out of him, so to sneak. He was no more fit than a baby to deal with the situa tion. I put down his Shortcoming at tAiis juncture in no small degree t» his lack of education. Then there was the constant chatter x>f his wife, of whom this element of the su pernatural had taken firm hold. She never ceased talking about it, and I suppose the strongest mind is in the end influenced by reiteration. It seemed as if Mr. Brag s were becoming unhinged. I was glad that 1 had returned- so op portunely. At least, if 1 could throw no light on the subject I could go to work with a cool head and an unprejudiced mind, to clcar it up. Mrs.. Brag continued to talk of little else but the ghost, whose appearance she seem- i ed to think was quite in keeping with the season. It was astounding the ntimber of legends she seemed to have accumulated, j Headless phantoms, churchyard appari tions, ghosts in armour with clanking chains and '"presences,'' who she said could not be seen but only felt in the most hor rific way-upon all these she descanted i:i the most appalling manner. Helen shurt riered, Mr. Brag shook his head porten- . tously, and I must confess that even I felt uncomfortable. The old lady seemed so to environ us with the atmosphere oi the sti pe; ii'ai'Ura) t'h'at when a coal dropped from the fire we all jumped, and she shrieked. It' was really a most terrible state of things, especially for Christmas. ] asked her about 'Jane Riordan. My question fortunately turned the subject, for it seemed that Mrs. Brag had a good deal to sav about this young woman. "All," she said, "hers is a sad history, my dear. Her father and mother were ieiler-servants of mine when I was coo\ here. The name wasn't Biordan, for that # Jane's married name. Craik's what we called 'em-'Enry and Liza Craik, butler and housekeeper." Helen looked up with interest. Henf;.* C'raik?" she said, "why, that was the man who stole my mother's jewels!" "The same, my dear. Oh, he was a bad one, lie wasi yet you d thinK huttt-T wouldn't melt in is mouth to look at im. Ljza was always savin' as 'e 'd die in gaol and disgrace 'or, and 'e did. "Were the jeweils recovered, Mrs. Brag.'1 "Xo, Geoffrey, they weren't. My lady missed 'em one morning after a ball "err;, when the 'ouse was full of guests. The whole bos w:is stolen-five or six thousand pjunds' -worth, no less; and she .only saved what she wore at the ball. All kinds ^o! people were suspected of 'avin' gone to 'er loom and taken 'em^ but no one thought as Craik had done it." "I heard something of the story my self," observed Mr. Brag. "He was caught selling a bracelet, wasn't he?" "OH! I'TjEASE, SIR, DO YOL" REALLY THINK TtllKRK IS A OUOST?" ; "Yes, J., be was. He got leave to visit, a. dying friend in London, the old fox; an] the friend was a pawnbroker, and 'e toir; the police, seein' as 'e recognised the brace let from the 'andbilfs put about. Craik was sfrrested, and sen: to gaol for yea!>. He died there, and they never got anything dHt of 'im. Where he hid the jewels n > one knows, and no one ever will, my dears; for twenty years 'ave gone by since they jj'ere stolen." ' (''And "how does Jane Riordan come to be Here?" I asked. f f "Her mother died tbe otiwr day, «i#"~ sent her to me, ihy dear.-Ujiza afld.1 wer» ham .OIL 4i»e village, iod lived ^ here for years aa/ouaekEeperaodeook. I can ts atty 98 I liked *er over moii. Itbe wasBly and deceit&l; but I doit't. ipinlc .fhe nad anything}, to do witii OraOt ataabiig _ ths jewels. He was bi^ tDon^t to dotbat oy( fca*elf:-:TOia he iitgaol Liza wrola ! to me, and I sent fear moaey to bring up. Jane. TbenJane m&rrie;<f abad husband, who left 'er, and when 'Liza died she cam# 'ere and asked me to -elp 'er for 'er mo* tiler's sake. So l tirade 'er under-'ousemaid* I think f&e;'s a fool, Geoffrey, tout honest enough.". ' " , " "She appeared toj be nervous, however. "And no "Wonder with this 'orrid ghost,"1 cried Mrs. Brag,'looking round. "I tell you what, J., if you don't get the parson to exorcise tibiat thing,Til leave the 'ouse, that' I will#" & ' *? "Steady, old lady; we must see what Geoffrey can do first. He's watching in tW Long Gallery to-night;" , "O'h, Geoffrey, tjrie ghost U ave you toe sure." ... , -*«? *irl.%e ghost will /have a dose of lead, Mrs* Brag. If you tear a sihot don't be aJarmed. ''But you can't shoot ghosts, Geoffrey; they're shadows, my dear. You can see I ne<ver saw one myself. But this ghost- is pretty substantial I'll be bound. But tell me, Mrs. Brag, was any thing ever found out about the jewels. "No!" said Helen, before 'the old lady, could answer. _ "1 remember my father searched everywhere for 'tihem and onered a big reward. He saw Craik, too; but he refused to say'what he had done with thenr, and Mts. Graik pTotetfted she knesw nothing about it. They lhave been lost for yeara now19 ? "ll'm! I wonder if Jane Riordan knows anything about them." -That s'hs don't," said Mrs. Brag, with energy. "Liza was an honest woman, 1 know'; and the gal seems straight enough li they'd 'ad the jewels they woman t ftve lived in poverty so." ' ., ''Still, Craik might have told TUB flito where he concealed them." "No, Geo If rev, dear. She'd 'ave come to my Lord or .Sir Katyh «'>out them, and got pa:d for bringing 'em back. If she knew, anything siie'd 'ave told for 'er own saJce, for she was as poor as poor. Jane told me the most 'arrowing tales of ardship. "I'll question Jane, myself," said 1, after some thought. "If these jewels cou». be recovered they would suit Helen very ^ Helen laughed and Mrs. Brag beamed^ "If it's jewels she wants 1 will give er 'eap3. Won't I, J.'' "She's only t© ask and to ave, said Mr. Brag; "but I wish I saw you more rosy ana 'eolthy, my dear." . "I'm afraid this ghost is upsetting my nerves terribly," sand Helen; "do what, will I can't help thinking about it. w0h, J., can't we ave so-me oly water and get it i.wvay?" implored Mrs. Brag. "'Olv water, no. I \v»n"t have no popery here' Sara-h. S.S.S. shall never go to fatten the priMts 'f"] can 'elP il" rm BurI,r,sed is' over-wrong1)it. Mr. Brag," said IHen« rising. "Indeed, I think we all arc, with this horrid Lady Marian about. Com*; along to bed, Mrs. Brag.. I'll come up With You'll have to stay with me all night, mv dear," whimpered the o,d lady, tor L don't know as Geoffrey firm oft pistoL won't be as bad as the post. Are >oa going to stay up too, J' . , <.-t "There is no necessity," I interposed. I can watch quite well alone. When Mr. Brag hears a shot he can come to me it he ll!';Ob, I'll come fast enough," said the old man, sturdily; " Wt flesh and blood I m scared of, though I own I_ don t other tliingr. However, if the blessed tninfe belongs to this world or the next its quite certain we've got to put a stop to its mint. on 'ere. Tf you don't catch it, Geoffre}, we'll shut up the house and go abroad. I'm getting ouifce skeery myself, and J am * go<i over-much nerve to speak of. "Well, let me try my hand at exorcising the thing. Mr. Brag. If t it we'll do what you say. Helen Will die it this sort of thing goes on. _ "Wd. you don't tiiink its come for C^N"o, 1 don't. It is some trick, I tell you. Leave me to find it out." , mi- Brag sho»k his head tioubtiully and retired to bed in his turn. Left alone I started on an exploration or the house with a lamp in one hand and a revolver in the other 1 examined ail the doors and win dows, and found them eeeurcly bolted a.id barred. I looked into what rooms I couJd, from cellar to an. ^ emptv It was quite clear that beyond tfio inmates of the house there was no one Then I made for the happy hunting ground of the ghost. It had lately be?n snowing, but now tiie night was frosty and clear. A bright moon without duelled the darkness, and the Wh^te world was as cilear as day. 'J"he Long Gallery scratched the whole lemrth of tiie west wing. On one side: a row of tall windows admitted a good lifc.'t on to the pictures on the opposite wail. There Was a fair collection. o. these, but the Ailistons had never been sufficiently artistic in their testes «f sufficiently acute in t'heir uidgment to acquire masterpieces. '"Pile port in its of Helen s ancestors were of mo.-t interest to me. There was a long f-erie=i of ''hem, dating from the Tudor time, and representing some of tlie be*t work of fhc masters. These were let into the oak periling with their glided frames and co'dH not bo detained from the wall. At the further end of the gallery was an or nate window of stained, glass, and through thi* the moonlight' fed, no v.- weaving cwiowr f 'l arabesques on the floor and portraits. Iferc I paiised before the picture of Lady Mariaii Alli^ton. , must have been n supremely wcau I tif'il woman, this Jacobite con^irator, with I the high spirit and Ks.mg will. Here *he w"! port.al-al a* tall and stately of figure A proud expression was on her almost «w^rthv face, and in the slenderest of wmte jrands sshc gripped a walking-cane. Jn a dress of rie'h brocade, /With jevveis on necK an'1 arms, rcrl-heeletl siioes, and tbe tower ing bead-dress of the i-eriod. she looked every inch a queen, and in her day musi sure.ljr have moved and ruled as one. could imagine those imperious brows frown ing at the mention erf the B'.eotor. I could fancv those firm lips speaking the curse on her "too-hasty husb.witL There WBseomc thing about this fair dead woman w'hicn re minded me Tf Beatrix Jvsmond-filled wii.n . the joy of life, and bom to dominate by I the Tiower <sf henuty <ind inteHect. she failed, a* Thackeray's heroine failed, but died more no-My, in the prime of '^e: liness. without withering out into sad oia aire. Had Sir Waiter's rapier not struck thi"K'.o'h the pi oud heart she might have been a Sarah Jennings. As it she was thwarted by Fate: ^wns her sad de» tinv +o appear as a bin! of jH:omen to th^se who sat in her «eat of pride. T cou'd imacine her wrath when alive the idea that her fair phantom would de fccthI to searing an old cook aiul her ple beian husband. Hem* ironical a fate! 'Hut all this preamble leads to nothing. Although I watched in the gallery until dawn I s.iw no ghost. It was bitterly cold, find the vigil was uncomfortable, and in vain. Lady Marian did not appear. I did not even hear the rustle of her skirts, much. Ic.-s set eyes on her fhee; and when I de scended to brenkfast, after an hour or so of sleep, it was to laugh at the supersti tions of niv friends. "Jt is as I thouglrt." said T. "Parsons and Mrs. Jackson l>oth dreamed they saw the phhn<tom. Lady Marian is too wise to revisit the scene of IICT death." "Ah, but. she don't appear every night," prote.sircd Mrs. Brag, wisely. "Iron wait, (JrnfTrey. She'll freeze your blood yet." '"Not wliile sihe knows that an armed ?watcher has h.is -eye on her, Mrs. Brag." "You still believe it; is a trick, Geoffrey?" "Ji" Lady Marian's phantom is not merely the creation of J'nrsons's and Mrs. Jack son'? dreams, I still believe it is a trick." Hut. trick or. no trick, all my vigils were in vain. Night after nig'ht for quite two vcr-ks I watched in that infernal gallery for the ghost which never came. Yet, not withstanding my disappointment, I could noi rid myss-lf of the feeling that there was fso'i'.e mystery about tHnappari'tion. Jt was jm-sible that my public* announcement to jilfoot tfiie so-called ghost had scared the peison who, f truly believed, represented it. VYirh this idea I went on a m\v tack, and; oii'c more assembled the household. "I irave watched for fourteen nights, more or less," J said, "and no ghost has come to scare me. Therefore I believe Mr. Par son^ and Mrs. Jackson have been deceived in thinking they saw one. There is no phantom here, so you can set all your minds at rest;. For my part," and this was the most, important point of mv speech, "J. in tend to waitelh no more. If Lady Marian comes again she must go wi'thout an nudiehce. Now all of you go away, and let me hear no more of this rubbish." 1 Sutler and the housekeeper were both indignant at my aspersions, but t£iev knew better than to protest openly, and went away with the rest of tjhe servants to grumble in secret. An air of calm pervaded the tale, and Mrs. Brag began to pluck up courage. Also Helen1, to prove what was undermining her healtlh, became more cheer ful and less hysterical. My common-sense had exorcised the ghost so fat, but it had not solved the mystery. Determined to fathom this, I still continued to watch in tihe gallery. But no one knew of my vigils, not even Helen; so if the trickster came he or she, whatsoever it might be, would find me waiting. For two or fiwree nigflits the gallery tfras empty 'tihe palm of my hand. Bat on the fourth night my chance came, and with it the gfiuost. Tti was about midnight, and the mem shining through the clear glass of the fide ?windows arfci inflicting ,-her tight from an ex panse pi Jjbow Triade ?the gallery , almost as brilliant? day.; ,1 .Was Hidden behind a curtain. Jni&'k&j; jifopgitihe fcallery, and half d rows ay was poking out into the maze of tfhado-^ and silver radiance. Suddenly in the absolute jstillness I heard a faint sound. It was a tapjiing'of Jieela, the rustle of silk nkirts, ,and ifl a moment under tihe painted ?window I saw the ghost. It appfearel from nowhere, and I musit confess it startled me very considerably. It was Lady Marian sure enough. I was sufficiently close to it to see that. There jftie Btood, with the taH hiead-dress and cane, bad rich brocaded gown, exactly as sfhe was represented in her portrait. I caught jus-it a glimpse of her face, but it was not suffi cient for me to say with certainty iviiether it was identical with that in the picture. Hilt tiiie figure was certainly the same. I sat quite still and watched, and waited, one finger ready on the trigger of my revolver. With the clacking sound described by Mrs. .Jackson it came down the gallery. The stick tapped and the long train rustled, and the moonlight played upon the rich hues of the brocade. Jt did not come near me, but kept close by the range of the family pictures, fingering thi frames and passing its white band over t'he surfaces. At times it stopped, and with bent head scruti nized more closely the faces of the portraits. Then it began to glide back more swiftly than it had come. I rose, perhaps too incautiously, and I must 'have made some noi.se, for before I could raise my revolver to take aim the ghost started, retreated rapidly towards the painted window, and vanished. Yes, before my very eyes ft vanished* I hurried to the spot inhere I had last seen it, but not a trace of anything could I find. Ijnless it had dropped through the floor or had passed through a solid wall I could not see for the life of me how it had got away. Could it be ft; true phantom after^all? No, my reason Shouldn't allow sucK jai supposi tion. Beyorid' doubt it was flesh ahd blood some memiher "fehs household gjcrb up to resemble Lady 'ilarian. I waa Iriore than ever perplexed. ? 'J- : : ; ? r I related -everything, fed' Mr. Brag next morning. Bat he Item fay gtory carefully from bis wife and Helen* 5 Olhey Vere re covering their . epiritsf isj>frje^£V:arid it would not do to damp from again by say ing thai I had seen: the thong myself. ? Mr. Brteg, indeed, wttB considerably agitated at this seeming confirmation of toe appari tion, and it was as mtieli aa ever I could do to talk him out -Of . the; convictioii that spiritual it waa. "Rut what on earth can it be, man?" he saiil. "Well," T replied, "J have some sort, of idea, but at present I won't state it lest J should prove to be wrong. J propose that you watrfi with me to-nig'ht, Mr. IJra.fr, a.nd together we'll see if we can't unmask the ghost." "But do you tihink it will come again to night '{" "I can't, sav. Perhaps not. It may be thnt the trickster, whoever it may be, has had a fright and will delay further opera tions for a while. It is some on*? in the house; I am convinced of tihnt. When I announced that I would watch, nothing was «ee» of it. But directly I said I would give up watching Lady Marian appears. What, vie lriuwt do is to watdh regularly, Mr. Brag; even should it not appear for a week or more." It turned out that I was night. Night after night we concealed ourselves behind .the curtain, I with my revolver, Brag with a large dinner-bell, with which he inifcend I eri aJarming the house when Lady Marian I was captured. . This went on for no less j than ten nights. Then I took Mrs. Brag and Helen into confidence, and arranged a pretended departure from the honefe. I rait off to London with great fuss and ceremony. ; But I goit out of the train at the first station, and returned to the hall by road secretly. And ait 11 o'clock' that night Brag and I were in our hiding-place once more. And it was Christmas Eve, the very time when ghosts should be abroad, according to legend. "Now, I whispered, "the ghiowt Jg off its guard; take-, my word for at he or she, whichever it is, will some." Bras said no thing, bat gripped viciously at tne handle of his dinner-bell. It fell out as I had amtiripaited. Shortly after midnight Lady Manan reappeared in 'the same guise as before. I could hear Brag's teeth chattering as be fliw the ap partition. The moonlight was as strong as it had been on the previous occasion, and Lady Marian, cla.cking and tapping as before, moved through it in precisely the same way. She glided along by the pic ture? and fingered the frames. Suddenly we heard her give a. joyous exclamation, and there viis a sliding sound as of some thing pushed back. A j>oj!itna.it vanished, and a black cavity was seen in its place. Xow wax the time. I jumped up, and, poising my re volver, fired, as truly as I could, and at the fclimr- moment Brag's bell Hanged out vigorously. There was a shriek a.nd a hurried scamper. Then, as before, 'the ghost of Lady Marian vanished before we could reach the spot. "Where the deuce has she gone?" cried Brag, who was still ringing the bell hard. "Through a sliding panel," I replied, guessing Me means of exit was through the cavity. As I lig'h'ted t'he lamp there was more noise and pattering of feet, and the haii dresised servants in all stages of deshabille and alarm came crowding jnto the gallery. Worne earned lights, others pokers and Sticks, and all were as frightened as they well could be. And no wonder; for the clamour of Brag's bell was enough to wake the dead. Then came ITelen and Mrs. Brag fully drefsed, for they both had waited up to witness the "success of my scheme. .Ami it was a success-greater than I had d'itvrtl 'to dream. As I S3id, a picture-that of Lady .Marian-had vanished; that is, it had slid back into the wall, leaving a ca vity, ?wlp~h we proceeded to examine. Therein we found an iron box fast locked. But Brag soon had it torn open, to find that it contained velvet-lined drawers and trays all heaped with t'he most splendid jewel lery. iiold, diamonds^ rubies, emeralds the mass glittered like a rainbow. "See, Helen; your mother's long-lost jewels. Fo this is what the ghost of Lady Marian came for." "My gracious!" cried Mrs. Brag, drop ping on her knees. "Look, my dear, all my lady's jewels! You'll wear them at your wedding after all." But Helen did not look at them. She ju°t «fiared at me, nervous and shaking. "Geoffrey, who is the ghost?" '.'f.'annot you guess?- Jane Riordan." '?'Impossible! Tsn't she 'here?f' "No, mis!v' said Parsons, glancing round at the servants; "she ain't with us." "Oh, Geoffrey. I hope voir hav )'t shat her." - « »? , mm "Serve 'er right if 'e 'as," cried Brag. "But don't cry, my pretty, she went through another sliding panel. Come, Geof frey. let us look." "The epring is in the frame, Mr. Brag. I'm sure of tha t." Tnstantly a. dozen hands were busy with the frames, and we soon came upon a spring in that of a picture wt the far end of the gallery. It opened noiselessly, and I stepped in/to the open space, followed by Brag, 'bearing the lamp. We proceeded ftTeiig a narrow passage, ascended a flight of stone stew, and finally emerged through, another sliding ponel_mto the back piart of the house, fki our wa" -we picked up the tall cane, the grey wig and headdress, and the brocade skirt. . "She stripped 'herself to get away," said Brag, nodding. "Let us go to her room.. She ha« one to herself, you know. Asked jnv old Woman to dive her one as a special favour; and for Eliza. Craib's sake she grft it. The room was reached, and we found it empty, with the last remnants of the dis guise on the floor. Oh going to the back door "we discovered -tihait it "was open, and through it Jane Riordan had vanished into the night. never to return. 1 Po it was that I exorcised the ghost of | Lady Marian. On Christmas Day at break I fast we discussed thoroughly the stirring [ events of the night. Mrs. Brag was filled with anger at t.hp way in which Jane Rior | dan had tricked her. .;I wonder how she knew about my lady's jewels/' she said. I "Oh, there's no difficulty in guessing, that," I replied. "The father must have ?told his wife where he had hidden them. I daresay he intended to fetch them him self when he came out of gaol. But he died before his sentence expired. However, he let his wife know, and she, of course, told Jane, who came here and tried to get them by masquerading as Lady Marian's ghost." [ "And Eliza must have told her that story, Geoffrey. We. often talked of the ghost. Oh, what a wicked woman!" "But I wonder why Mrs. Crnik. being poor, dirl not t.rv to pet the jewels for her self. She would hardly wait twenty yea;-3 before doing so." It was Helen who said this, and I whd replied. "Well, I expect Mrs. Craik was either afraid, or did not learn from her husband behind which picture the jewels were hid den. J expect, her reason wfia t:he la«t; for Jane, as I told you, went up and down the wall fifigerina; the frames in order to find the mlit one. That was why she appeared so often in the g.jllery. Had she known the true hidiing-placc one appearance and yisie would have done. I ?ee now that she feign ed fear to me in order to ward off suspi* eion. From her looks I never thought sh<» would be so clever." "Ah, my dear," rSd Mrs. Brag, 'Wie nmrried a scamp, a.nd J daresay, after hear* ing the story from 'Liza,' he put her up td the trick." "She brought the dress with her, I sup* pose?" "She mutft have; and it was to carry ott her wicked pranks that she made such a point of having a separate room." "I wonder how she knew of the secret passage," said Brag. "Liza a£ain," cried his wife, "She was* years here before I came, and so was Craifc. I daresay they found the secret passage together and made use of .it when they stole the jewels. And now I come to think o? it, my dears, it was an actor Jane Riordan married. Oh, I'm well quit of her, I am." "Yes, thank goodness she's gone," sa'd Brag. "We don't want no row about the thing. We've got the jewels, and Heleo shall wear them on her wedding-day." "And what's more, we've got rid of the! ghost," said I, smiling. "I don't think you can ever believe in ghosts agxin after this, eh, Mrs. Brag?" | "No, Geoffrey, I can't. I daresay the ghost .of Lady Marian that, t saw myself ! was e&iber; Craiik or his wife Abased up. No, I'll never believe in ghosts agiin,". Nor diJ 'she. v- ; i - y ? ?' \ So ^his was our Christmas .ghftat, which' was nib: ghost. But true or faiBfe ii -Vas a [ very seasonable apparition; arid bfectoght to JMdri the Christmas gift of 'lief \jnortfcer's r^ewelrf. She wore them at jh-er ,. weddii»g 'wrtih tne shortly afterwards; ^ for next .Christmas thera was no Miss Alh'ston, but a pretty Mrs. Beauchamp. Nor was theic .any ghost. Lady Marian, in the person of Jane Riordan, had fulfilled her mission, and we never saw her again. . [The End.] 