COMMONWEALTH BILL IllU.m. MKKTLN-í ATONEMENT LA(!OON. A nicoli Hg «ns livid la si night ill tho Schoolhouse nt tho Crescent Lagoon. Wost Kiickhaiiiploii, foi' ihe purpose of hearing addro-scs hy Messrs. F. < I. Foster, J. »nw. W. I'hi.Idle, and T. Whitehead. Mount Moi "in. .'¡i the Coiiiiinatwealtli IÜI!. 'I'h'Te were about twenty jireseiu, ami Mr. (!. A. ll. tarey «¡is voled lo I lu' chair. .llie. (IIAIKMAX, ill introducing (he s|H'.iLers. said he did not care milch about laking thc chair at public iiiec:iiigs, but as Ibis wiis not in any way a party meei ill", lie would lie vcrv pleased lo arl. Mr. I'ltSTliK "said he agreed willi thc Chairman thal this was not a parly qiu-s lion. ll il were ho would nm lie there. II. was simply federation for Australia, and us an Aii-liiiliau he felt himself hound 'o make his views on the question known. Thc federa I isl s had la-en Limed sciili-iuenla Ms!-, ¡uni he was .pille piepaled lo agr 'c lo thal. Ile ccriiiillly was a »elll illU'lll.i I l-l as tar as federation for Australia was cun eerncd. One of thc greatest poets had said, .. Lives there a man with soul sn dead. Who never to himself hath said. This is my own. my native land." Well, he said Australia was his own native land, and he was going to sing ils praises as much as ho could, and if federation was going to do thc good he believed it woul !. thon he said they must gol for federation. They had liccn twilled about sciilinionl. Well, he would usk them where they would bo to day if it had not boon for sentiment. Their fathers and nun hers were carried away by sentiment before they caine into tho world, so that the sentiment which had brought them lhere (o day as living mon. ho hoped would have the inlluonce of kringin : I hein a living nation into union, that wa-, federated Australia. He hoped and trust iii Ihal all parly questions would IK' left out, and thal lliöso little personalities which ..-ero .,l,v^'-* liadto -o cro'i un in otieslions of this kind would ho dorie away willi, lt was not what federation would du for him. or to any single one of them, but «lint il would dr! for thom as citizens of thal grand country, Australia. What was federation going "to do fur thom '; Ile took it that it would have tho offwi of giving them as Australians a greater prestige in I lu- Hillside world. As New .South Wale«. Victoria, and Queensland (hoy wore certainly known, but more as lillie paris or places marked on .1 map, but as a grand federated Australia they could make themselves felt. This great movement of federation was not a new movement in tho world's history by any means, bul he thought that Die federa- tion of Australia would bo lo sonic extent unique when it was done, ns he hoped to soo it done, on the 2nd of September next, not by the foire of arms, not by the attacks of foes without, but by a friendly union of thc colonies of Australia. Some might say that federation was calculated to slight (ho aspirations of those who had gone before them, when Victoria asked to be separated from New South Wales, and lalo- on. Queensland from New South Wales. Hut they did it for a purpose, a purpose whic'i had borne its fruits, and now they were ask- ing thai the fruits of those labours might reach to greater good, and that all tluve advantages which united effort could bring about would lie theirs. He thought that laking thc bill on a whole, it was about as liberal a measure as could be placed before a free people. He did not think lhat any- one could suv that it was not a liberal an I deinucrnlie measure. He would conclude his s|ieeeh by giving them soniel.hing I hov had not hoard liefore ; it was a little effort of his own. Lund of the Southern sea, we will bo true lo thee. Cod bless, Australia ! May peace and unity ever bo found in thee. advance Australia ! Youngest of nations she. home of pros- perity, soon shall tho nations »ec Federal Australia. One people's destiny, a power of gi,:.l 1o I.... Federal Australia. Showing tho world around, with wcuiih her shores abound, Federal Aiisirjliu. And in the years to bc. her sway shall mightily be felt iii every sea. Federal Australia ! (Applaiise.l M.-.1MW ..'.' "? ?.':- ' : -.''?; .,v - , the 1.1:1 «111I1I lie b'ci 'li :al for lie-in or a ... They had to give I heir \ .v. and they dil liol wain any man t.. lc a 1:1,-,c machine. Thé question that was hoing fought right Ihrongli ('entrai Queens- land was liol ¡1 ca-e of federa lion. lin. ,1 question of Sepaialiin had stopped in. n thing that had nothing to do with the question al nil. He wanted them to look upon it in morely il federal spirit-did they or did they not believe in federation .' Queensland to-day hud a big debt, and the question for them lo Hinside,- was ho« ¡ii, v were going to get rid of it. lt appeared to him flint federation was the onlv wav of wiping it off. I'nder federation all duties would bo done away with between thc colo- nies, and if they did not join now the sou- thern stales would say "that Quirnsland would liol join us when we wanted her In. Kow Unit «lie in agreeable lo conic ¡n v,e will put a heavy duty 011 all her products and so inslead of Queensland golfing rid of the taxes, she would simply bc in a worse position than ever. Ile un'red mi M.cm a'! to record their vole in favour of federal ion on the 'Jud of September. Mr. I>H11)1)LF. said he lind gone .ml lhere thut night to say a few words on bo half of federation. The thing for thom lo consider was whether it would be benefi- cial for them to join (he federation now or wait till afterwards. After rending all the speeches, and in particular Sir Samuel firif lith's fine idea of fedeintion, ho had conn 10 the conclusion Hint it was bes! for Hiern to ¡oin when they had the opportunity. If (hey joined now when they were invited in- stead of wailing as some nf tho anti-billitee wished them (o do. (hey would have (he privilege oMMpjug to form tho lari ll', and Ihal was ti mighty big thing lo consider. Supposing Hiev hud 110 representativos in (he Federal I'mfiaitieiif when it stinted, what hope had they of afterwards correct imr ¡Hiverror in the turill' for Queensland? Xone whatever. Ile bud boon 11 Sepmn tiouisl from the very stint, ¡md would be still if he (hough! liiere was any hope of gelling il, hut he could not see thal there was a ghost "f i, show. Therefore, he sahl lot 1 bein feile-.-alc. ¡ind (hey would lienefii hereaflor by entérine: now when they hud thc oin">r!unity. Ile himself hail refiled a I laine family here, ¡ind had something like 11 Mine of grand eliihlren. and bo wauled I everyone nf theni tn »ny by and bye. "I lani un Australian, not a Queenslander. Il" wan not 11 unlive horn, bul he had hi'cn heir for forty years, and ho felt so interés lcd il: llie mader Illili he considered he ci.nhl m t do enough to p.".-simile his fellow men t.'i ur that Li w mid lie to their ill forests lo join federal ¡nu now. A mail sail! to him llie lither day thal he quito agreed with bim in his iden of federation, because lu- Ihoioughly unilorslimd (hal a five-ply I twine was a great deal stronger tlinti a tlnec ply, and lie innintaineil tliat if di- vided Australia liad a voirc in Hie world, wliat would lie tile power of united Aus 1 inlio Ile did liol I Ililli; lhere wiiMiiueli good iii talking any neile «bout it. I,el every man of them vote straight und let them he n grand and n great union. He would urge upon them Hint when the time en me, the lind of September, to vote straight for United Australia. Mr. WHITHU KAI) said he was quite in neeord with all the slaloment* und opi- nions of tho previous speakers, and that bo also boped when tho polling day cunio round they would all vote straight for federated white Australia. He pointed out the great advantages to Queensland if the t.irill was done »way with, and in men- tioning tho ono pound per hoad border lax on live callie, referred to tho twopence per pound duty on all tho canned moat expor ldc to (he southern colonies. The meeting then closed with a vote of (hanks to thc Chairman. 