NOT''IIING LIKE KNOWING THE LANGUAGE. To speak French to a Frenchman re quires some bravery. An American lady once embarrassed her Parisian tailor by entreating him to make the trousers of her gown very large. "I thought," she comments patheti cally, "I had a good French word for 'sleeves.' " Another intrepid creature travelling in Germany committed an even more fatal mistake. Stopping in front of a cabman, she asked, in her most charming manner:- "Are you engaged?" "Nein," responded the surprised cab man. "Will you take me?" was the next most natural question. "Nein, nein!" cried the man, and drove away at a furious pace. The lady had used a word which meant engaged to be married. An amusing blunder was committed. by a bright Pole studying at a famous college. He was reading Theocritus, and came to the phrase which is usually translated "consumed with love." The foreigner made a little pause, and then, with an evident en joyment of the text, continued, "roasted by Aphrodite." The employees of an. American fac tory were in the habit of holding weekly concerts. One evening a new man, just come from England, was pre sent, and was especially pleased with the singing of a popular song. Wishing to prolong the applause, some of the men called "Encore, encore." This did not meet the newcomer's views. Rising to his feet, he shouted In a slow but indignant bass, "Encore is no matter. Let the same chap sing again." But we who speak English are not the only ones who blunder. The polite German can never resist the temptation to air his knowledge of our mother tongue, imperfect though it may be. At a table of German and English stu dents recently, one pleasant little Ger man was irrepressible in this respect. Every sentence of his was bound to. contain "huyve" and "alretty.". A bit of slang was to him ponderous as the voice of an oracle, and the English "th" was simply impossible. He commented brokenly on the "bewket" on the table and the "gaynose" in M.s buttonhole. But the climax was reached in answer. to a question put in good German: "Are you going to lecture to-night, Herr B.?" "Ach, no!" with a wave of the hand.. "Ze ghost is retty, but ze meat is. feeble." Then the quiet man straightened out our wrinkled brows by suggesting that possibly he meant, "The spirit is will ing, but the flesh is weak." The applications of ozone seem likely to. rapidly increase in number. It has be come very popular among sanitary special ists as a means of purifying contaminated air. It is employed medicinally for the cure of persons suffering from feotor of the breath, the inhalation of ozonec causing a complete\, disappearance of rthe un pleasant symptoms. In the treatment of ulcers and wounds of all kindis it has proved invaluable, for under the influence of ozone such diseased parts readily be come healthy, rapidly exhibiting an active tendency to heal. It is becoming common to ensure the sanitation of hospital wards by diluted ozone. The organut germs are destroyed by the oxidising power of the ozone, and consequently the bacteria of typhoid, cholera, dysentery, smallpox,, fevers, etc., are killed. A remarkable proof of the expansion cf German trade is furnished by the traffic returns of the Suez Canal. Twenty years ago the German share of the Canal traffilc. was 1 per cent. of the total tonnage. It is now 11 per cent., a large proportion of trade being with British possessions. Between the Canary Islands and the West Indies, the Ataantlec has in places a depth of nearly 1",000ft. 