[?] PERSONAL NOTES FROM LONDON. (From our Special Correspondent.) London. December 9, 1898. A very pleasant party foregathered at the Australian Club on Tuesday afternoon, ;tvhen the Agent-General invited the South ^Australian members and a few personal friends to meet his Excellency the Go vernor. Sir Fowell Buxton, accompanied by Mr. Noel Buxton, arrived soon after 1 \ynth Dr. Cockburn, and was cordially greeted by Mr. W. B. Wilkinson, Mr. .tercy Arnold, Mr. Burney Young, and other club committeemen. Three years *' viceroying' have given the Governor case, experience, and graciousness. These added to his natural kindness of heart and innate courtesy enable him now to play the potentate very successfully. On lues day he spoke to everybody in just the right key, and (what pleased people even more) remembered many whom he had only slightly known and not seen for three years. There were by special request no speeches. ? The Agent-General, of course, headed the festive board, with the Governor and Mr. Noel Buxton on his right and left, and Mr. W. B. Wilkinson in the vice-chair. Mr. Percy Arnold occupied the seat of honor next to his Excellency, and then \iftll»; JJ.U. * XU£t*-**- 1AVWUWV1 WU^U^ *»i ? *-rw& ney Young, Mr. A. S. llathbone, Mr. B. ?P. Conigrave, and Mr. Alex. Sutherland. Opposite were Mr'. J. R. Fowler, Mr. T. P. VVicksteed, Mr. Strickland, Mr. W. C. .Tweedie, Mr. George Elias, and Mr. F. W. Braund. The catering of the club still leaves a good deal to be desired, though the soup and South Australian lamb on (Tuesday were, like Mr. W. B. Wilkinson's «igars, excellent. Mr. Burney Young in troduced me to one of his favorite South {Australian white wines, of which he re marked affectionately that there was not p. headache in a hogshead. I agreed as to .the headache, but nearly forfeited Mr. lYoung's regard for ever by hinting that I suspected colonial wines of gouty ten dencies. Fortunately Mr. Mark Atten Jjorough threw himself Handsomely into t'he breach, declaring that though he Biad had gout occasionally he never suf fered the smallest twinge through South lAustralian vintages. Mr. Young seemed inclined to seize on this testimonial for ad vertisement purposes, and it was univer sally admitted that a widely disseminated portrait of the genial and kindly lawyer, underlined with the' words 'This is Mr. Mark Attenborough, who used to suffer from gout, but now supports a painless end blameless existence on the Govern ment guaranteed wines 'of South Australia' oughc to sell hundreds of dozens. 1 should liked to have put a direct ques tion to his Excellency concerning his re turn to the colony, but felt, the query might not be acceptable in public. The Governor told me that personally the heat of South Australia in summer time did not j inconvenience him at all, and that he was always quite happy providing he got his 'ride on horseback in the cool of the day. {Of Marftle Hill and its attraction's he spoke with enthusiasm. I His Excellency and Lady Victoria Bux tton spent last week end with Me. Edward North Buxcon at Knig'hton, a beautiful place on Buekhurst Hill. They returned Ito town on Monday, and on Tuesday, as related, Sir Fowell lunched with Dr. Cock burn. He is steadily eschewing public : dinners and functions of all kinds. The family spend Christmas at Warlies. ! It will be remembered that when the ! 'Agents- General of the colonies, with fwnich the late Sir George Grey had been (officially associated, met with a view to w obtaining for his remains the honor of in itennent in -St. Paul's, a question arose las to who would defray the cost, and that JDr. Cockburn and the Hon. W. P. Reeves 'promptly pledged tfbe colonies they repre sented to bear a full share of the necessary I disbursements, intimating that if their ! ^Governments did not see their way to ?- ((honoring the pledges they would make the ''- 'amounts good out of their own pockets. Neither Government* nor Agents-General however, nave been called upon to stand ' : tto the pledges, for the representatives of Ithe great —^consul have, as was generally, unticjnakedr insisted on bearing the entire . .coats of the funeral. . ?.' . Iii itihe Australasum Club a day or so ? ago I ran across -Mr. TH. W. Pbillipps, who ? tad just returned from Malvern, whither , ; ; - be wenfc a couple of months ago for a brief ?pell, d remained to undergo treatment at one of the hydropathic establishments. That he had greatly benefited therefrom one judged on sight, and Mr. Phillipps con firmed one's judgment by stating that iie felt stronger and better than lie nad done for many years past. A few months ago i't .seems, one of the leading London spe cialists informed Mr. Phillipps that he would never be able to stand the South Australian climate again, and 'begged him to abandon all idea o'f returning except on a brief visit. Mr. Phillipps was inclined to accept the physician's verdict, but is now confident 'that the man of medicine made1 a mistake. He at any rate intends to return to the colony toy one of the steamers leaving London next March. But that he will stay in South Australia is, I an inclined to think, very doubtful. Dr. Cockburn will be the guest of the evening at the annual dinner to be held on Wednesday at 'the Criterion of the 'old boys' of Highgate School, who meet as the Old Ohomeleians Club, the 'toast of which the Agent-General will propose. The 'Chronicle' is of course perfectly right in saying bhat the appointment of the Earl of Hopetoun as Lord Chamber lain will bz prodigiously popular in Aus tralia. I may perhaps, however, be per mitted to express a gen'tle scepticism with regard to the veracity of the following en gaging anecdote. The writer says Lord Hopetoun was whilst Viceroy never at a loss for a gracious bow or conciliatory speech. On one occasion, when visiting the Zoological Gardens in Melbourne, in state, a .printer's messenger, whilst wait ing for a reporter's 'copy,' in order to take it to the city office of a daily news paper, improved t'he occasion by. walking up to Lord Hopetoun and introducing him self. The Governor bowed in his state liest manner, and solemnly grasped the proffered grimy hand. It is shrewdly suspected that the ap pointment of Lord Hopetoun, who was1 only fourth favorite for the Lord Chamberlain's post, is largely due to the representations of has friend, Lord Kintore, who as Lord in Waiting and persona grata at Court, had ample opportunities to represent in the right quarter the ex-Governor of Vic toria's pre-eminent suitability for the work. Unquestionably no living member of the House of Lords on the Conservative aide could fill the role better. ' Mr. T. F. V. Burton, who has, 1 regret to learn, been ill, is now convalescent, and recuperating at St. Leonards. A startling and unpleasant discovery was made at the beautiful mediaeval epis copal residence of the Bishop of Bath and Wells (Dr. Kennion) on Wednesday morn ing. The lodgekeepcr lives in a lodge overlooking au ancient drawbridge which spans the moat, and when he got up at half -past 6 he found six or seven inches of water in his lower rooms, and the water still rifcing. Many of 'the lower rooms of the palace and private chapel were also flooded, as well as the lawn. The hatches of the moat were raised, and the fire engine and a staff of men requisitioned, and the water was pumped out of the chapel, and nlso out of the 'servants' hall. Ihe flooding of the buildings caused much inconvenience, and will be a source of dis comfort for some time to come. The re cent heavy rains have kept the water in the moat at high level for some time, and the downpour on Tuesday caused it to overflow the banks, with the result de si! ribed. The above occurrence gave the 'Globe's' funny man an obvious opening, and this is how he used it:— 'Bath and Wells sounds a watery see, at.-d Bishop Kennioi 's dis courses are never dry, so his lordship has at least the consolntion of knowing that the mishap could not have occurred more appropriately to any other prelate.' ? The Miss Patterson, who married Mr. A. Buck Kitchener, the Sirdar's younger brother, on Tuesday, is a daughter of Mr John Patterson, of Melbourne. Lord Kit chener played best man at the wedding, and the cordial smack of the bridal kiss which he bestowed on his new Austra lian sister-in- law could have been heard at Khartoum. ? Some hitherto unpublished reminiscences of Sir Henry Parties are, I hear, to be found in an article by Patcbell Martin on the -(Queen and the United States,' which appears in the current issue of Dr. Dabb's eccentric little weekly 'Vectis.' Ill ? luck dogs the managerial footsteps of 'Dot' Boucicault. The new piece at the Court Theatre (Mr. Esmond's 'Cupboard Love') has proved eren a completer fiasco than its predecessor. Not a single critic bad a good word. for it. According to the 'War Cry' scribe who 'did', the thanksgiving meeting held by the Salvation Army at Holborn Restau rant, at which Dr. Cockburn presided, this is how the £1,000 necessary to the con tinuation of the work of rescue among fallen women was raised. He says: — 'There is a tide in the affairs of public demonstrations, which taken at the flood leads on to success. Mrs. Booth, by her capable and telling address, had introduced a flood of feeling and conviction, and now Colonel Cox, calm and keen as ever when facing business problems, tackled financial affairs, and engineered them to victory. Soon she was holding aloft a crisp bank note for £5; then a little toy laundry basket, containing a touching Tittle letter from some of Airs. Booth's grateful 'chil dren,' who had been helped and blessed, and enclosing three half-sovereigns and a sixpence! Then we had artillery! The boom of the magnificent ' £200,' mingled with the sharp and effective gatling-shot of the 'guinea. Sweden, in the person of its commander, Commissioner Oliphant, contributed one hundred kroner, Lord. Monkswell punctuated his speech with a £5 donation, and the hon. chairman added two guineas on his own account. Another 'friend' signified £100; a Church of England clergyman (God bleas him!) £2. An ex citinj^e-isode followed. Colonel Cox an nounced that only £8 wa-s needed to make up the thousand! The chairman promptly gave an eighth. Gentleman walks up to the front with another 'soy.' Competition ensues, in which the winning figure is passed with a slight margm for expenses. Hallelujan!' In the presence of several members of the Childera family, of Lord Glenesk, the Agent-General for Victoria (Sir A. Clarke), fair G. tngleheart, Dr. White Cooper, and many members of the Colonial Institute, a tablet in memory of the late Mr. 'Hu^h Childers was unveiled by the Dean of Ripon in the Chapel Royal, Savoy, on Saturday afternoon. Dr. Fremantle, in' an appropriate address, recalled the many good qualities of the late distinguished statesman and Anglo-Colonist. By the long-expected resignation of the Bishop o'f Bangor, Dr. Kennion becomes entitled to a seat in the House of Lords. Dr. Kennion was consecrated Bishop of Bath and Wells on his return from, Ade laide in 1894, and was the first of the two spiritual peers appointed by Lord Rose bery, the other being tne Bishop of Here ford, who will be the next to enter the Upper House. The remaining bishops now waiting their seats in the House of Lords are the Bishops of Roch ester, Newcastle, Peterborough, St. Davids, Bristol. Wakefield, and, wuen appointed, Bangor. Only 24 bishops may sit in the House of Lords at one time, the others having to wait their turn, and entering according to seniority or consecration. I never had the pleasure of meeting the late 'Jimmy' Tyson, but if the biographi cal details supplied to a contemporary by an ex-employe of the dead millionaire are correct, one didn't miss much. We are told that Mr. Ty6on never smoked, drank nothing stronger than tea, ' eschewed the minor luxuries of the table' (whatever that may mean), never kissed a girl, and never visited a theatre or place of entertainment in his life. If 'these things are true one can only say 'Poor fellow.' The ex employe, heedless of the maxim 'De mor tuis,' &c;, telk us further that Tyson's charitable gifts were mainly of the invest ment oider, but fails to indicate whether 'Jimmy' looked for the interest on earth or in the place where he haB gone. The example of New Zealand in passing an Old Age Pensions Act does ntft seem to 'have encouraged Mr. Chamberlain to hopefulness regarding the possibilities of an English measure. His references to the subject are entirely on 'tfae decrescendo scale. Some time ago the 'Daily News' published extracts from the Colonial Sec retary's speeches, and in a letter to Wed nesday's papers the right hon. gentleman sang even smaller. Instead o£ 'Mr. Cham berlain's programme — old age pensions.' we 'have come down 'to ' 'the subject is one of extreme difficulty, and not to be lightly dealt with.' Yet on July 12, 1895, the subject was declared on Che same autho rity to be 'so simple that everybody could understand it,' and oil July 4, 189$, to be 'quite ripe for legislation.' The lengthy obituary notice of Miss Jane Cakebread (the heroine of 300 con- victions for drunkenness) which I sent you three months ago, was, I am concerned to say, a little premature. Though given out by the papers as moribund, Jane did not choose to die then. On the contrary, she got better, and was presently vigorous enough (though bed- ridden) to be able to launch out her left leg at a doctor ex- amining her, and break two of his ribs. This characteristic little display of spleen unfortunately alienated workhouse sympa- thies, and, I fear, that till the venerable lady gave up the ghost on Monday last, she had anything but a gay time. Jane knew she was dying, and looked forward to the future fearlessly. When she referred to the matter in the wards, it was usually to compare her dazzling destiny with the des- tinies of the attendants, whose ineffectual wrigglings "in torment" she breathed a neighborly prayer she might witness. To the last Jane retained her keen sense of humor. The papers are once again full of stories of the old woman's eccentricities, but I think I exhausted the subject in my other and previous—much too previous —article. Cakebread did not live in vain, as it was chiefly owing to her case Parlia- ment passed the Habitual Drunkards Act, which comes into force on New Year's Day. A variety of sympathetic paragraphs | have been in circulation recently concern ing that prince of old time single-handed entertainers, Mr. Fred McCabe. One en terprising scribe consigned ''poor old j Fred' to the workhouse, and wept copiously (in print) over the misfortunes of 'this light of other days.'' But Mr. McCabe is not dependent on public charity, and is not likely to become so whilst his brother, Major John McCabe, is in the land of the living. The work house paragraph no doubt was the out come of a vivid imagination being brougut to bear on the prosaic fact that owing to an accidental fall on his head Mr. McCabe's brain suffered somewhat, and on the advice of medical men the 'wandering minstrel' was placed for a time in the Union Hospital at Ormskirk — quite a different institution to the workhouse in firmary, in which we were told poor old Fred was pining away. Mr. McCabe's progress towards recovery is, I hear, very slow, but this is hardly to ue wondered at since the sun'erer has passed three score years and ten. After many weeks of newspaper warfare George Towns and W. A. Barry, the con testants in t'he final heat of the Sculling Championship rowed in September last, have agreed to fight their battle over again. ? The pair met on Wednesday at the 'Sportsman' Office, and came to an agree ment to race for £400, the Challenge Cup, and the championship of England on May 1 next. Each man put up £10 as a guaran tee of good faith, and must deposit a further sum of £90 on March 15, the finil instalment of £100 each falling due on April 26. To prevent the possibility of legal squabbles over the stake money be tween the winning man and his backers a clause ie inserted in the articles by which the stakeholder is called upon to pay £200 to the winner and divide the remaining £200 among the subscribers to. his stake i money in proportion to the amount sub scribed by each individual. 