IN TOWN AND COUNTRY, (By "Rus.") The following letter addressed to ono of tho daily newspapers hy an apparent stranger to Sydney will- excite a feeling of pitying wonder amongst folk for years inured to those "miracu- lous" escapes of being killed that have become as much a part of their daily routine as is the sol- dier's in action. Writes the correspondent in an amusingly remonstrant tone: "Sir,-I would like to know If the transit officers pr police have pow- er to prosecute drivers of vehicles for trotting around corners? Last week I twice narrowly escaped being run over, and to-day I witnessed a miraculous escape of an old lady. In no other large city in the world is such reckless driving permitted as in Sydney; even in some of the im- portant country towns vehicles havo to be driven slowly round corners. I trust this matter will receive consideration before a fatal accident oc- curs." Tho curious part of the letter, and one that will at once strike the Sydney citizen as such, is tho fact'that his escapes for the week only num- ber two. He could not have ventured out much. Then he mentions "transit officers," an unknown quantity to the general public. Also, he speaks of "trotting around corners;" it should be can- tering, and with their horses under the whip. And then the old lady? Why, such Incidents are among the most common in-our city life, and of hourly occurrence. Certainly the matter will "reçoive consideration" in due course, i.e., when the Mayor, or a Minister of the Crown, or the In- spector-General of. Police, gets killed by canter- ing cab or galloping 'bus. But not until then. * * * * I One "would have imagined that the days of "hot" ships -were gone ¿nd done with, to exist only in the pages of sea romance. That this is not hy any means the case was shown hy what hap- pened recently at Newcastle, N.S.W. A Nova Scotia barque arrived at that port some weeks ago, and at once one of the crew summoned tho master for assault and had him fined. Then all hands either deserted or were discharged. A now crew was shipped; hut when they heard de- tails of the outward passage, they in turn cleared out. Another and yet another crew went through the same process. At last men of sorts were in- duced to go on board, guarded, however, by three boarding-house runners to each man. Even then, a couple, repenting of their bargain, Jump- ed overboard and tried to swim ashore. But they were captured, dragged on deck, their hands tied, placed in irons, and allowed to remain in their soaking clothes. When outside the harbor this fourth crew declined to turn to, and at 10 o'clock that night, when the tug left tho vessel, she was then under a topsail and " three head sails. A strong opinion exists in Newcastle that the voyage will end disastrously Her mate, by the way, was in command of the Republic after 1 the captain of that vessel got into trouble in i Sydney. The barque's articles show that fourteen men desexited in-Buenos Ayres (her last port of call); a coup'': of crews failed to join; and, at last, a very curious crowd had to be shipped be- fore she could get away. At present her crew consists of Nova- Scotians (Bluenoses), Norwe- gians, Danes, Germans, Americans, Swedes, Irish, English, Scotch, and Spaniards. And when left to their own devices all these mixtures were una- nimous in refusing to work the barque. It is also alleged that the second officer tried to stow away on the tug, and had to be put on board by force. The mate and one hand were attending tn tho sails. All who were nresent sav that such disgraceful proceedings were never before wit- nessed on a vessel sailing out of tbe port. This may be so. And the question will inevitably suggest itself as to why, in case of a ship be- longing to a British colony, and flying the Bri- tish flag, such a state of things was allowed to continue? Surely there are responsible authori- ties whose duty it should be to see that vessels do not put to sea with their crews practically in a state of mutiny; In this instance, with men ap- parently almost forced on board. And such autho- rities-if . any-may well be held responsible for the calamitous voyage that everyone predicts for the Nova Scotian vessel, last seen showing a single topsail to a fine fair wind. * * * * The main result up to date of the Gatton tra- gedy seems ito have been the making of Southern Queensland nervous. Amusing instituées of this continue to crop up; only the other day, the ut mrst consternation was excited in the Warwick district by the'appearance of four mounted tra- vellers, "armed to the teeth." At mee, the tele- graph was set to work, and when the mysterious strangers reached Killarney, they were met by tho local police, and a crowd of residents, also "armed to the teeth." Remarks tho Nor- thern Queensland paper enjoying the fun at the expense of the southern folk: It turned out that "they were four respectable residents of Allora, and their intentions nothing more atrocious than a shooting trip to the head of the Condamine. Thus simply ended the blood-curdling Incident which gave a crawly feeling to so many nervous people." Again, a couple of men arrested on no definite grounds, and asked to give an account of them- selves, lie dtliberaitely because, In their own words, "if we said we came from,Laidley, which isn't far from Gatton, we were afraid we'd ha' been collared on suspicion of having had to do with the murders." And the scare seems to be at latest reports spreading over the border. At Glen Innes, recently, a man was arrested on sus- picion of being concerned in the "horror." It ap nears he had taken a watch to he repaired at a local shop. Directly the watchmaker opened the case, he was "filled with dread and horror" at seeing what he took to he bloodstains. At once, he rushed eff to the police; the man was prompt- ly'arrested; the watch» examined;, and the stains discovered- to 'bë,':nàt blood,' but rust! Continuous farce>neyer followed jmo.re, swiftly, on the heels of dpsperàté : tragedy than; in this Gatton business, many/'aspects.*ö'f which remind, one irresistibly of Mark' Twain's ""Stolen "White Elephant." * * * * j3ays an Albury paper, concisely and emphati- cally: "It is cabled that a London Journal sug- gests "Britannia' as a suitable name for the Fe- deral Capital. No; let it be Albury-simply Albury." Just so. But Goulburn, Bathurst, Cowra, Carcoar, Cooma, Gunnedah, Bungle Gu!ly,. Myall Hollow, Dry Plains, and a score of other "centres" are all crying, "Let it be-! Simply-I" i * *'...??* Up Yass way they have found another lunatic. The Australian bush appears to be full of such I people lately. Every day, almost, a specimen is run in on suspicion of unsound mind-*a phrase ' that covers a lot of ground. In the present in- stance, the culprit was a sort of peripatetic mu- seum, and a list of his swag reads curiously. SayB a local paper: "Amongst tho collection are human teeth in match boxes, the claws of differ- ent kinds of birds and beasts, skins of the iguana and porcupine, birds' wings, ana realhers, a rug made from skins of different animals, old knives, forks, spoons, hair combs and brushes, twine, needles, thread, buttons, mineral specimens, bush seeds, billy cans, a tomahawk, rusty nails, walk- ing sticks, tobacco, pipes, boots, hats, several suits of clothes and blankets," "His plan," it was nai- vely remarked, '^was to call at houses in the bush and stay as long as he liked." It seems that he had manufactured for himself "a flowing robe or many colors, and dressed in this, and carrying a long knife and a. tomahawk; "people were in- clined to fear him and respect his wishes." A nice sort of surprise party to spring on an isolated set- tler; but, probably, harmless enough, and intent- . only on adding to his collection. All the same, Gladesville should presently claim him for its own. . * * * Recently at Wodonga there has been an in- quiry into a feud of many months standing between Post Office and State School. Amongst other mat, ters, it was alleged that "certain sounds had been heard on the teacher's roof on certain evenings." These sounds were supposed to havo boen caused by objects thrown from the post office. But although the police, who were on watch, ap- peared assured as to tho certainty of the sounds, they were most uncertain as to what produced them. Then a dividing fence be- tween the two Government institu was battened down;* and a constable hesitatingly expressed an opinion that tho break- age had been done from the P.O. side.Then the teacher's dog killed ono of the postmaster's chickens, which was returned by the formel* gentleman over the fence, only to presently re- turn to him by rail, neatly packed. Then a "ghost." attired in a white sheet, walked one night, and applied the garden hose from the post office quarters on to those opposite. And so, month by month, the vendetta kept growing, until this inquiry was ordered. At it both sides protested that they knew nothing at all about the matter, and were quite surprised that anybody should for a moment have thought there was ill feeling between their houses. More than a dozen witnesses were examined, and in the course of the evidence it transpired that the children of one of the parties had formed them- selves into a " tin band." There are people whose sympathies are not in ac- cord with such institutions. However, the whola affair seems to have been only one of those at- tempts, kept up a little longer than usual, that folk condemned to the perpetual monotony of a country township, are bound to make now and again to relieve the appalling dreariness of their, surroundings. 