NOVEL. The Wonder-Witch Br m. & McClelland, CHAPTER VII.— (Continued.) Did yon do anything to help him ?' she questioned. A midden forlornaBSS aettled like a olond on the eider woman's faoe. She teemed eloot and Isolated. ' hliar waa a box in ther hones, and I lulled it with pine- tags, and spread Kit', wezklt oyer 'em, for a oradle,' she said, humbly. ? Pice-tags is healthy to sleep on. I 'lows to oook np a pastel ot Tittles whenit I gits home and send my ole man down with *em. 1 ain't no nnsa myself, being nervy and 'leard to handle dootor'a track. I II git word aboat, too, so ther ohild kin be keered Her.' Both held baok words nearly apoken, and snbstltotod others- In the baokgrotmd of the old woman's life was a tragedy, in which a mistake in the giving of mediolne had reeulted fatally to n»o .h. fovuct. Thi. cou feaaion of inoapaoity was ao indireet alioaion to it, and the first that Bath had ever heard her make. A swift oOu. passion filled her, *nd she hsstened to assume the responsibility too great for these other hende. ? Yon did wisely to mention this matter to me,* she esid, gently. ' We are much nearer to hollow than the other neighbors, and the house is on our land. I'll go over myself and Me about the obild. Mammy can tell me what to do. She knows all aboat babies. I wish she ooold go with m., bat sbe's bad ridden with rhenmatism. Oin you get word to the dootor, do yoa think f I matt take Tony with me to carry some budding and other things which most be needed.' To be sure she oould, Mrs Wheat declared, Indeed, a visit to the I'ozs wells was part of her day's programme, htra TaaewelL wished to have a rag carpet mode lor her upper hall, and had given the jub to Mre Wheat, who was the beet oarpct- weaver in the county. A consultation about rags and dye Muffs was neoMsary : so the old woman could kill two birds with one stone. 'I'll start the word ronnd 'bont'n Kit likewise,' she affirmed, as she donned the' yellow sun- bonnet and rose to depart. ?Tou'll git help store sundown. Handy Turner's prime nuss, and I'll step by to ate her. Maybe she'll oume for the night— her, or Sarah Carter, l'lli came it Co both Qood-day, Mice Buth. I 'owed Kit could oount on sitting help from here fast, being as they-ali played 'long of your all, and fit long of yoa-all too ' Whan her foot wea fairly in the path, the eld woman delayed hor g- Ing to give Bath another item 01 newe, overlooked to stress ot greater matter: ? 'Twas named at the ato' ysetldly that that war oompeny at Tazewell's ; not ther Hew lots gat, nother. oh.'ve been that Coma time, and liable to stay, being satisfied long of we-all a vitttoc. T'-i- here's & man Come ycetiddy by train. Jim Bryant seed him, and lowed he war straight and ltuty. I ain't beam whether he fetched a obisc or oome to a bundle. Jim studied oat twos ther Hew York gal's beau.' CHAPTER VIII. True to her promise, Ruth set out abont her pnparatioua at speed. While the ttsgto buy T.ny saddled the horses she Interviewed mammy as to thinga required for a aiok tnfaat, and gat them together. At the old woman's suggestion, too, ehe tovesUgatsd an old chest of drawers to her mother's room, and aeleotod from the hoard of half-worn bnt sentimentally preserved baby-linen euoh artiolea as might be needful. After tta long, man- tended journey, the Utile one's sanitary condition was likely to be deplorable Due paoked up also a bottle Of milk, white eager, and a few heavier provisions fur Kit a eus'tenanoe, adding at the last a few odd tout of crockery. ' That poor oreaiure has oome baok to bare walls ana naagnt ales,' ehe muaed, while maUog her oelieouon. ? Any odda and and* the Oeairys may have left vagrant negroes nave snapped up long ago, of ounrse. Til take a frying-pan and a coffee-pot, too, as well as a ooaple of oomforts. For the rest of the neoesssriss Kit mast levy on other neighbors nntil he aan make definite Arrangements.' The ride through the woods was eniov Ablo, for the atmosphere waa uraotog from the light frost ot the prsrioua night, and redolent with rich autumn edora. Wild grape-vines netted the roadside, heavy with aria blsok clusters j the persimmon - tress ?bowed a thick studding of tawny fruit upon ?very bare twig, and to sheltered nocks and low place* euphorbia blossomed, lilao and White and soviet tove-viee tangled glor iously, aod belated ' black eyed Susans' mide sunset patohes ot oolor. Beside the pathway meandered a brisk mountain brook, aiose-s«tr and fringed op its with wild gentian and terns, with a loftier top-growth Cf dogwood, sassafras, and wafer-poplar shoots, Amidst thloketa of spioewood and , marsh willows. Overhead gray squirrels, leaped nimbly among the branohes, and I deftly popped nuts into knot-holes and I crannies, garnering the wood harvest with ! thrift. Along the pathway ahead a rabbit loped slowly, and Bath put her horae Into a ran (or the pleasure of seeing the creature mead hla paoe to long leapt, and then dart sideways into the bushes, when hla brown for made him indUttngaithable from the fallen leaves si he iqaatbed in form, with his ootton-tall hlddan. 'Whets Bath entered the during to whloh the oebixt stood, the eon hid passed the meridian and the light-rays wen slanted to an angle which brought oat the loft grays and browns cf the old logs, the red of the day chinking, and the mellow duskiness of the shingles, with definite sharpness. A light line of smoke rose from the chimney and lay in aerial spirals against a baok ground of forest. Bnth dismounted at the rough poroh, biddlog Tony hitch the horses and bring to the basket end bedding. Despite Mm Wheat's preparations, the interior of the oabin chilled nor by its pervasive atmosphere of desolstioa. The door of the shed-room, at the back, linng forlornly open, giving a continuation of the dirt and barrenness whiob seernad to intensify it. Through the door-way and the unsatisfactory sro ell- pared window the Ught entered hardly, and in orosa- currents. The nniightltoeu of the place was inoraaiad br a papering of news paper illustrations all over one side, largely shredded, and hanging with the grimy, pasted aide outmost. These unsavory decorations the breeae toyed with, shaking them aahoat, and prodaotug with them a olever imitation of the scuffling and soratoh ing of rate. The only point sf redemption to the eoene were the hearth, which had been swept clean with a ptoe bough, and the fireplace, wherein was a low blaze, surmounting bright embers. On one side of the hssrth was a rongh bench, formerly tued as a support for the ' bes gums/ sad beside it the box converted by Mrs Wheat into a bed for the ohild. Ae the door darkened with the entering gnoot, Kit Gentry toss and faced it. He was a short, thick set man, and stood awkwardly bv reason of tbe weoden pin whiob supplied the plaoe of hie left teg, gone from the knee down. His faoe was oars worn and rugged, with an obetinate month, and a look of hopelessness in his eyes which reanired but little to torn it into desperation. ' With lnok against him' seemed written all over the man. He had a obild'a nursing bottle in his hand, and the brim of his shabby wool hat was flattened against the erown, so as to leave eight unimpeded. Bath come forward at onoe, with extended heiid and pleasant words of greeting. 'Mr* wheat told me aboat your getting home laet night and finding no one,' she explained, ' and also that the baby waa siok. I came over to aes if I oould help yoa.' There was to her tone and manner no hint of patronage, only straightforward kindness as irom one htunan being to another. The hard lines abont the man's month relaxed a little, and the gloom to hie eyes lifted. 1 1 in cbleeged to yon,' hereplied, simply ; ' aod ther ohile needs women-folks' beering badly. He air fevered some, and hev been far a week. He's done quit relishing his tittles . 'Twar a hard lick finding all my flitted. I——* He paused abruptly, ana gind straight away, over har head. ' It waa all hard, even bit of it,' assented Bath, gently. 'Mrs Wheat told me, and I'm sorrier than I oan tell you. Wa played together, you know ' It was a womanly touoh, and made just differenoe between pity aud^ympathy. The rough fellow had fineness enough to appro oiate it. Hla lips twitched sad his eyes moistened. He made no response to words, bat he let her take tbe child's bottle from hie hand Bnd assume undisputed authority. ' Perhapi the milk is sour,' she suggested. ' That cnay be the reason he won't take it. Have yoa tasted it f ' 'NawV' the father admitted. 'I p'tntly do despise sweet milk myself, so 1 never thought about sampling his'n.' Bath smiled superior and emptied the contents of the bottle behind the fire. It was of the gravest importance, she assured him, that infants' food should be pure and fresh. Then she despatched him to the spring for water and turned to the ohild. It was curled, like a kitten, on its father's vast in the box of arumstto ptoe-tsgs, and ojverea wttn a obeoked sbawl whloh Bath recognized as belonging to tin Vtheat. It wis miserably pony, with purple veins showing under Its pallid akin, and great, dark shadows tinder tta eyaa. Its little frame seemed to Bath nothing bat a skeleton ; its hands were like birds' claws, and its clothing was atiil, uncomfortable, and malodoroos. dut for the need of more practical compass ion, Buth oould have wept over it. Even to her uepraotised eyes the stress of the littlo one appeared extreme, and ehe tammoaed Tony and despatched him at onoe for Or Tazewell, bidding him follow should the doctor be from home. It would not do sew to trust to Mrs Wheat, ahe decided. Tbe old woman was on foot, and, besides, would probably loiter and gossip by the wayside. Bath found a battered tin basin and an empty tomato ou, both water tight, U the shed room, and, out of sheer womanly rsvoit at the little one's appearanee, did the bast thing possible for him— that is, administered a hot bath and a change of rumen t. 'Don't you think be looks bettor f ahe inquired of Kit, who hid withdrawn to the wood ? pile during the ablutions. ' I dunno,' the man answered, with baoolio biantness. 'He's a sight eltanar, and better by that much. To me, he don't lavor nuthlng 'oept a fresh-hatohed catbird. Be don't hardly spa human.' Whiob wae so absolute a verity that it made Buth wince. The ohild refused his food fretfully, wailing in a piteous undertone. After a white he dropped into a doze, whloh gradually deepened to atnpor; his pulse beotune small, qoiok, and Irregular; he coughed a little, feebly and spasmodically, and his skin seemed almost to sear Buth a cool hand when she touobad it. Time passed, and her anxiety deepened. She glanced aoroes at the child's father, who avoided her eye and alouohed forward with ale elbows on bis knees snd his faoe set hard. He understood that whloh waa passing .tiroagh her mind by its reflex en his own. Fain quickens even ordinary intelligence to sentences. About three o'clock came the welcome clatter of hoofs, and Gantry rose awkwardly sax harried out to meet the dootor. Ruth feood the door expectantly, her head lifted. The ann had rounded the corner of the house, and its beams slanted through the so dad window, pane., touohing the' woman's hair, and slipping downward to rest on the crow of the babe on her knee. Through the door- way entered a stranger -at tall, square shouldered man, with hazel tyern under long lashes, and a heavy brown bestrd — OHAPTEB IX Roth's look proolalmed her disappoint ment. Hedioal aid was so sorely wanted A quiver paaaed over her faoe. Tbe stranger oasxte forward and reaasured her. * Dr Tazewell was from home when the measeuger arrived,' he explained. 'The usau seemed urgent, eo I took the liberty of oosaung in h e Mead. Hra Tazewell adviaed it. Sbe d been talking with an old woman who wae excited aboat this child. You oan trust me. I am a dootor.' Xn her relief, Buth smiled up at him oorriially. * It wis good of you to oome,' ahe said. ' Toia baby seema Very ill.' She mads room on the benoh beside her, and the phyriolan eat down and bent over the child on her lap. * How long has he been oomaUae f In quired, after ? rapid examination. 'Two boots oertatoly,' ahe responded. 'Soon after I got here— about half-past twelve— he began fretting, a feeble, miser able wail. He was dirty and unoomfortable, so I took off his olothtog and game him a hot bath. Wae that wrong f' 'Ho; the but thing possible, if you'd only gone farther and given him some whiskey and milk. Have yon a enp and spoon oonvenient, and a little milk F' Both indicated the basket on the other side of the hearth. The dootor helped him self deftly, mixed a mild-toddy with a portion of tha oontonta of his own pooket flask, and administered a spoonful or two to the patient. Then he arranged the box more oomfortably, with one of Bath's quilts, and took the euiid from her. ' Luve him there for a while,' he direoted. ' It is bettor for htm than being held. How, what did you do with that clothing F' Bath pointed ont a dingy little heap behind the benoh on whloh she was seated and watched this masterful stranger a trifle corionily while he fished the thing* ont with a bit of kindling-wood and tossed them into the fire. He seemed to her even more dlreot and foroefnl than is usual with his craft. ' I: tha disease contagious i * she inquired. ' Hot at all,' he answered. ' It is gastrie fever. Bat there is no tolling what tofeetlon the child has been exposed to. Mre Taze well gave me to understand that the mother is dead and that the father oarried the taby from Georgia to hla arms. Ia that eo ?' Both bowed assent, and then gave him thestoiy, briefly, to outline. The prinoips actor to it waa bnsy with the dootorfa horse, whloh had been ridden at Bpeed, bat he might enter at any moment. The pathos of it struck her anew. ' These people have been oonneoted with as for years, and have lived on onr land,' ?he volunteered, to explanation of her own own intrusion into the affair. ? This man's father waa my father's overseer, and we ohildrea played together. It grieved me dreadfully to hear of the trouble. He bad no money, and it waa the only way open to keep his promise to his dead wife. Did yon nottoethathe ia crippled F Then thlnb of his getting here last night to find an empty house and a cold hearthstone. Was it not hardF' Her eyes filled as she spoke : she had, for the Instant, lost sight of the fact that he was a Btranger. and lifted her glanoe to him ae frankly and unoonsolonaly as a ohild might have done. The dootor returned her gaze for half a seoond, and then looked away. A tender- natnred woman he deoided. and one whose heart was prime to pull the wool over the eyes of her reason. And, man like, he admired her for it, feeling more drawn to her than to any woman he had met lor years. It is never the woman with no noneenee about her who gote the firmest hold upon men. 'The experience was pretty rough,' he admitted. ' But the fellow would have shown more teaderness by less precipitation. Tbe ohild was too young.' Bath waa instantly on the defensive. 'He ooold not know,' ehe declared. ? An ignorant man, with no experience with babies. His tbonght was of his promise and of his wife's wish. According to his light, he did hi- bezt.' ' Illogical and partisan,' thought the dootor ; ' a thorough woman. I would not be surprised if ehe hue baokwooda prejudices to favor of domestio duties, the supremely of man, and a hereafter of rewards and punishments. Abont half a dozen years of individualism and dominance of the ego, this sort of thing is refreshing.' Alond h« mads no comment, for Kit Gentry stomped to with an armfnl of wood for the fire, and was promptly pouuoed on by the medioal man and pat through a cross- examination as to the ohild's previous oondiUons and symptoms. In the course of the talk it transpired-that Kit, to his home ward progress, had passed through two infected regions t oae, s town in central Georgia where yeiiow fever had been pre valent, and another, in North Carolina, where there had been several burials from small-pox. If the fellow had set oat on a germ. quest, It did not seem, to one of his hearers, as though fuller or more varied opportunities would have been necessary. And the fact that, acooidlng to his own aooount, Kit had ' oome a-jampfng throagh, like a snake hunted hop-frog,' the moment he beoame aware of the presenoe of disease to a looalitv, did not, in the medioal mind, render tbe situation innooaoos. To the dootor, for the nouos, the tragipstberio mountaineer was degraded into a peram bulating germ- distributor; He ohewed the end of his moaetaohe ss he listened, and before Kit, in reoital, had hopped safely awsy from the eeoond infection, he was busy emptying hie pookets of Ihe bottles of bismuth, oalomel, ana other possibly needed drags, with which Mrs Tsz swell had loaded him, in searoh of the prayer and disinfectants with whioh he had provided himself. Buth watohed him with interest. Her ohief knowledge of antiseptics was derived from Dr Taiewell's diatribes against that whioh he wae pleased to designate as the 1 idiotlo superfluity' of Professor Lister's theory. When he had dilated his oarbolio aoid to his mind, the dootor advanoed npon Ba'h with the precision and foroo of a conquering army. 'Be so good as to stand to the light, young lady,' he ordered, 'while I disinfect yon;' which he proceeded to do, system atioally, and from the throat down. * It Is the onnoe of prevention,' quoth he, ' and yoa held the baby to your lap, of course, while yoa changed him, and very possibly handled his olotktogaftorwards.' He oirsled around her at short range, and Buth lifted her eyes to him with a laugh to them. His head was a trifle onward, and hie eyes intent on his work, for he wae direottog the fall of the atomized drug on her bosom and shoulders. Something to his position, the sweep of bis laehss, the beauty of his forehead, or the mutinous fall of a slightly grayed look of hair across it, tonohod, to b shawdy way, a well-nigh intangible association. It was as though the ghost of a forgotten harmony of the faintest suggestion of a onoe-llked perfume had been reflexed from the infinite npon the woman's spiritual senses. The passing was Instantaneous, a wind blown shiver of mist, bnt it modified the expression of the eyes uplifted to the physiolan's grave face, and also invested that faoe witb an interest other than the situation oalled for— an interest utterly removed from that esoterio afflatus whioh humanity, for want of a finer definition, calls sexual attraation. Unoonsolous oi that whioh had happened, the dootor'a gazs followed the movements of his hauls, whioh manipulated the bottle and bnlb with aoenstomed tonohes. When the job had been oompleted to his aatis faotion, his oountonanoe beoame illumined with shameless self-approbation. (To be oonttoued.) 