Things Which Remain. j (By the Rev. W. Robertson Nicoll, M.A., LL.D.) Strengthen the things which remain.-Rev. m., z. Few thinking persons can be blind to the changes that are taking place in our intellectual conceptions of religion. Some of them are no doubt for the worse; but the slow, solid march of consecrated thought and learning cannot be set aside. It is hopeless to resist the convictions' that are penetrating and running through every quarter of the mind. The Spirit of God has not ceased to guide the church, and we need not ac cept changes pensively and reluctantly, looking westward as if tho glory had departed. Rather, if the substance and soul of the faith remain with us, we turn our oyes to the east and the rising sun, and with invigorated hopo take our way thi ther. Yet ALL CHANGES MUST BE TESTED, and our theology has been altered for the worst if the zeal for righteousness and the love of the sanctuary are permanently impaired. If the new theology means a relaxed morality, it is condemn ed without further argument. If It weakens the imperious and awful law of duty, it cannot be di vino. The ardor for purity and justice which burned in the hearts of our fathers must not grow cold. There are grave perils. The scientific theories of the age as popularised by some power ful but atheistic foreign writers are telling. Even at a church congress a medical man declared that heredity and similar facts made blame impossible. He did not add that they made praise and admira tion impossible also, though that, on his theory, is obviously true. MANY ARE SUBTLY TOUCHED who do not go this length or near it. They come to acquiesce in evil, to think of it as inevitable. They believe that the world cannot run its course without innumerable transgressions, and that it is vain to fight against things which may change their form, but not their nature. Hence they look cynically at reformers. They sneer at what they call "shrieking fanaticism." They stand apart from tho moral battles of the world. They delight in pointing but the "exaggerations" of en thusiasts, still more in exposing their weaknes ses. These latter they take, indeed, as a suffi cient condemnation of the crusades led by imper fect and erring men; Now we believe in the deepest manner that "no man can say Jesus is Lord but by the Holy Ghost." We see not yet all things put under Him. Though the name of Christ rises ever moré loudly above the tumult, . THE DAY OF ^VICTORY SEEMS FAR OFF. . But by the Holy Ghost:we know that "nothing' which ought not to be need be." We look back 1 and see forms of evil dead-it may be dead for ever. Evil itself lives, and may even seem after I some triumph of good to close in more pitilessly than before; yet to those who take the large out look it is clear that progress is being made. To say that the fight is hopeless is to deny the lord ship of Christ. We must go on attacking wicked ness in every form, and welcoming every rein forcement. There is danger unfathomable and unending in admitting that any wrong ls inevit able, that anything is too hard for the Lord. It is the tragedy of all such public fights that those who lead them have , A WAR IN THEIR OWN HEARTS. As Phillips Brooks has put lt, "The home coun try is up in arms while the foreign war ls raging, and the man is fighting with himself his own en emy, for himself his own prize." This should make moral reformers very humble. It should purge their passions from earthliness. But it should quicken rather than' chill the fire of their zeal. It is true of their critics as well as of themselves, and no man will fight the evil within any better because he has declined the battle out side. It is possible to watch with unflinching selfishness tho whole struggle, and hardly an inch of ground would have been gained anywhere sbut for a few reviled "fanatics." But those who are in it will go on. They know that to leave , the side of the oppressed, and the women and the chil dren, would be to renounce their part in Christ: Orthodoxy itself is by no means free from moral danger. In the eighteenth century, it has been said, religion was SOMETHING TO BE PROVED, NOT TO BE ACTED ON. We seem-to be past that; and yet it Is not cer tain. Since then our literature shows the awak ing of powers that had gone dormant, or had hard ly existed in the human, mind. But it may be questioned whether the modern sharpening of the spiritual sense and craving has increased as it should have done the honest love of moral beauty. There is a tendency to look away from the life of those whose utterances are pure and inspiring. Among extremists there is something very like Antinomianism—a readiness to cover the sins of orthodox people, and among all classes there is a shrinking from the appropriate punishment of great lapses—a too ready forgiveness and rein statement of great offenders. There is no teach ing more pernicious than that which disparages homely virtue. PLAIN MORALS MUST NOT GO OUT OP FASHION. The young must be taught what a great thing it is to be pure-how blessed it is to live without any festering, secret in their past, to have never been iu bondage to any degrading habit. They must be taught that this is possible to everyone, and that self-restraint will bring innumerable bless ings wjth it; blessings which even the Divine par don cannot restore if they are lost. We venture also to affirm that, while church-going may not be a test of individual piety, when THE GENERAL REGARD FOR THE PUBLIC WORSHIP OF GOD . . decays religion itself decays. It is much to be feared that the practice of church-going does not increase. Popular preachers can generally se cure audiences. In growing neighborhoods churches fill almost automatically. But, on the other hand, there are disagreable signs. In a church paper it was recently stated that "one sign and cause of weakness just now is the absence of men from church, and even still more from Holy Communion." The writer goes on to say that churches in which within a few years ago a fair proportion of the congregation were men, present a painful contrast now. "In some instances the church is even crowded, because the congregation of females has actually increased. But THE PROPORTION OF MEN is about ono in twelve! The proportion of com municants is still worse." There is another point Do those who go to worship go with the old de light? The Psalms are full of this gladness. How happy our fathers were in% their of ten- times plain and humble sanctuaries! Are there not many worshippers who go reluctantly as a mat ter of .duty, but without expecting or receiving any profit ? If the members of á church do not regularly oe- > cupy their pews, and if they do not find help in the worship, it is plain that the work of tho church must languish in every part. We must be there when we can, even though there is little to attract in the service. It may be true that better preaching would draw larger congregations, it is equally true that larger congregations would Äead to better preaching. THE PULPIT DOES NOT OCCUPY ITS OLD RELATION to the intelligence of the country, and, perhaps, forgets this sometimes- underrates the knowledge ot the pew, and thus gives point to the sarcasm that the taste for sermons betokens the extremest form of intellectual destitution. But, after .all, people do not go to church mainly to hear clever sermons; they go to seek there the mysterious strength of the Unseen. The sanctuary should be . a place to which men may flee in times of dark ness and bewilderment and care;, a place whero Christ is; where God bends over the Avorshlppers, not as a dark Fate, hut as a living Father, where the measures of self and of the world are broken down on every side. Wherever men find such a sanctuary they will not forsake it. STILL THE THIRST OF THE SOUL IS FOR GOD, the living God, and they will seek Him where He may be found. Where prayer is offered as ii prayer were a power in heaven; where the Bible is received as Divine revelation; where men are taught to see themselves as guilty and yet be loved; where perfect love stills all passion and annihilates all mean and base desires-there will never be a lack of worshippers. For men desire with desire the reality of spiritual intercourse, and the teaching of the whole, the beginning and tho end, the first and the last. A conference of the Roman Catholic clergy of the diocese of Maitland, was held at Bishop's House, West Maitland, on May 1G, Dr. Dwyer, tho Coadjutor Bishop, presiding, when ecclesiastical matters were discussed privately. The Rev. Dr. Rosèby has arranged to deliver a series of Sunday evening lectures in the Congre gational Church, Marrickville, which will includo some notices of Mr. Sheldon's celebrated books probably "In His Steps" and one or two others. A petition has been flied in the Consistorial Court of the Bishop of Chichester, by a parishion er of the Church of the Annunciation,.complaining that divers pictures, images, and confessional boxes had been introduced into the church, with out a faculty for the same. New South Wales Congregational Churches will be unrepresented at the Second International Con- ! gregational Council, which meets in Boston (U.S.) in September next. Mr. Walker and Mr. Toms / will represent Queensland'; Professor Gosman (and not impossibly Dr. Bevan) will represent Victoria; and Mr. Robertson represents Adelaide. The arrangements for the approaching Anglican diocesan festival, in connection with the Church Society, Sydney, are nearly complete, the commit tee having met with most gratifying encourage ment. His Excellency Lord Beauchamp has con sented to preside, and will be supported by many of the prominent citizens of Sydney. *j The Rev. C. H. Yatman, the American evan gelist, whose visit to Australia was reported in the columns of the "Town and Country Journal" some time ago, expects to commence in Syd ney about the end of June, but definite information | will, doubtless, be communicated through "Mr. D. I Walker, the general secretary of the Y.M.C.A. j The "Free Church Catechism," recently pub- j lished in England, has awakened much interest in America, and'it is having a considerable circula tion. One firm in Boston has sold over 5000 co pies, and the Congregational Churches are includ-. 1 lng it in their series of handbooks. Many of the religious newspapers reprinted the whole catech ism in theirs pages, in ignorance of the fact that it had been copyrighted in, the United States. The Presbyterian Widows' and Orphans' Asso ciation held its annual meeting on the afternoon of May 15, in St. Stephen's Church, Sydney, the I Rev. R. S. Paterson presiding. , The report and' j balance-sheet were presented and adopted, show ing that the profits for the "year had been £280 3s 3d, which has been added to the capital funds, i now standing at £12,299. The Rev. J. Lamont and Mr. D. Elphinstone were elected directors, and other business of the association was transacted. Principal Rainy, at the close of the New Col- 1 lege Session, Edinburgh, drew special attention 1 in his address, "to the decline which has taken \| place in all the churches, in the number of can- jj didates for the ministry." This decline he attri- ? butes largely to the entrance examination. He ? does not regret this altogether, as the standard fl nf ministerial education will be raised but. at the fl of ministerial education will be raised, but, at the same time, he; does not think that this is the only cause of the .decline In the number of candidates. The 'annual, meeting of the Presbyterian "Wo men's Missionary Association was held on the afternoon of May 15, under the auspices of the General Assembly, at the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Sydney, the Moderator presiding. The seventh annual re? port was presented by Miss Forbes, the secrétary, arid was of a very encouraging character. Much enthusiasm had been awakened, and the associa tion had collected during the year £553, or during the past seven years, £3213. Mrs. Manson, the nowly-elected president, the Revs. R. Miller, J. D. Landels, and others, delivered addresses, and great interest was evinced iii the work of the as sociation by the large and influential gathering. 