I MIDSHIPMAN'S ROMANCE, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT, ' < HOjp- OlsaarffcE: K»mLSsdIl5 Author of "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The Goldem Hope," '"The Death'Shlp," "Tin . Frozen Pirate," "An Ocean Tragedy," "A Sea Queen," "My Danish Sweetheart" "Tljff Good Ship Mohock," "Alone oil a Wide, yide Sea ' ''The Tale of the , . . Ten," &c.;, &o.; ' ' . -. . COPYRIGHT'. ' i . .'CHARTER XV.— (Continued.) . A floating lslandl'Did you evef hear of such a thing? Do you suppose Unit I am Invent ing tils merely, as 'an inc!dent\ln a romunee of adventure by sea? Where IS the old sail or who lias not In Ills time, In one voyage or, andther, -sighted the floating island, the frag ment of. earth remorselessly wrenched by the irrdsleUblo power of -the' cyclone or the tor- , nado from the mother continent, and sent to add another whilst It lasts to the countless' wonders of the deep? .. ( "If Id n fl/tnffteir I ol n n rl onl/l T mtlllMn. loiuiiu) fluiu a,. down the glass. "Impossible, Waller." "My dear, there it is. -It Is land, and It Is swimming on the surface of the water. I have heard of such things." "Are you going to visit It?" "Certainly.!' She seemed a little timid. She Was alarmed by tlici unnuturnlness of floating land. She could not conceive that the island was wa'« icr-bcrne, not upon its own earth, but upon a vast interniingllng and Intricacy of roots and downward Striking fangs of a vegetation nameless by me, who report only what I saw. 1 unshipped the awning, hoisted the sail, and headed dead for the little island. We l-lppled quietly, onwurds; again it was -a cloudless dny,- and I knew that the eye of the sun would soon l-onst this' pleasant and re freshing draught out or the atmosphere. From what part of the world had yonder Is land- come? From the Brazilian coast no doubt. As we drew near I judged it to be of the size of the reef we had left, but of a different shape. What had seemed sallow at a distance changed Into a livid and into a scorched look to tlie gradual approach of the boat. There, I thought, was some swimming lingering memorial of lire, earthquake and tornado; it Is signalled in fragmentary aspect some terrific spusm of Nature that may have devastated the face of huh a province. "What can that be in the middle of it?" said Belle. . . "And what eun be that beautiful sliver light v'hieh girdles It?" said I; "and rises and fails, and pulsates as though it were mercury vnder-run by a swell. What are we going to discover?" We were now- drawing close, and lowering the sail I threw an oar over, and sculled. How am I to describe this floating Island In words? It would need the colours, and some of them ghastly, of the great painters t;o reveal It to you, charged with its Incommunicable spirit of loneliness, ghost- like, almost appalling, aijd as- a miracle, which to my sight It was. I saw a considerable tract of land afloat! The edges of It came close down to the sea; there was a great quantity of fallen timber half out and half in, and the mystery of the sight lay in its motion, for that It had, now we were close enough to piercel«-e it: the motion. I mean of a very faint lift and fall, passing through it like some largo secret swell from west- to east. It was like the memory of the earthquake, and a yearning In the soli to attach itself to its mother coast again. The trees were a bewilderment to the eye; seme had been entirely stripped, and stood up like -telegraph poles; some looked like cocoa- nut trees, and bowed their earthly tufts, All the- leaning trees inclined the same way, but I should have thought from the cork-screwed appearance of many of them that the tempest had fallen on the land like a bolt straight from a thunder-cloud, and that the fury of the wind had been afterwards. And now as we drew quite close I saw in the middle of the island among the trees the object that had greatly puzzled lhe from the beginning. IVhat do you .think it was? Pro bably yuu will have needed to live in the West Indies to believe me, ' ' I do but 'sneak 'the -truth when I , say that it was a little schooner of about eighty tons, blown high and dry clean out of water, lying with a slight list to port, her lower masts and maintop mast standing. She was quite newly sheathed, as thjugh fresh from tlie builder, and her metal burnt like gold among the tic-OS. "Are you going to land?" nslced Belle. ' "Certainly," I answered. "It will refresh us to stretch our legs. I want to take a close look at that beautiful little schooner." "There may be Biiakes." exclaimed Belle. "I should say not. I don't see why.. The . land looks scorched." The monkey sat in the bows viewing the island without excitement. This was strange. I ha'd thought that the sight of the trees would have delighted the old ,' beggar, and kept him hopping about In madness until he could spring ashore. - He contemplated the little island thoughtfully, and did not seem to think much of it. Even half an> hour of dry. earth would be a break. It is Impossible. to express how .weary mind and body become in the open boat, when you cati but stand, and when you are nearly always sitting, and when you see nothing but the horizon which will presently bind Itself about your brow, like a material ligature, cutting into tlie braln and driving you fra-ntlc. . ' I saw no signs of man or - any thing alive as I sculled very slowly. with one hand, whilst I looked towards the Island. - The wonderful part to, me was that , floating girdle of liquid sJlvei'/f It could not be sand,' for sand would dissolve and go away with the water; It could not be coral beach,, for coral made no portion of this creation; I directed the' boat's head for an openihg . between two small fhllen trees, and as we steered through the silver masB 'i B.aw that It was fish— fish exquisitely minute, in millions and billions, a mighty and glorious roll of sparkling atoms. I -\vas thunderstruck _ and enchanted, and shouted with ' admiration. They floated so closp to the, surface that they looked like a shore, and you might, oaslly have mistaken .tlicm, and stepped on this strange strand. It sunk under our keel, but In a beautiful undu lation, as though granting admission, and- the rest of this marvellous picture continued, as before, to float cipse under the sea in a thick body of light, which pulsated as the. heavens on a starry night tremble and shake. I drove the boat stem on right, into the land, jumped out,' and helped Belle to Jump out. I then put my -weight upon the boat and dragged It by about a' foot upon the Shore to steady It, and taking the painter, I secured It to one of the fallen trees which lay very handy for that purpose, for there was nothing better to, attach her to within the scope of. her line. , 'i Belle grasped my arm, and we' both gazed about us, and the monkey gazed, but from -the boat. He would not come out. and I did not trouble myselMo invite him. It was like landing on an enchanted Island. The lean ing and storm-blasted trees, the scorched and ragged vegetation, the ' movement on the long-drawn ewell In the island's length, the beautiful little schooner, 'marvellously and securely embalmed in the heart of the with ered forest, combined to create an affecting .and subduing mystery for tills little prihei-- pallty. , We paused, hand in hand, expecting to hear voices calling. Down by the wash of the sea the soil was soft,, but in a few places' It grew, as hard as baked clay. The under growth had been chiefly of the stuff they call guinea-grass. There were many dwarf trees and giant huBhes, all of a. tropic character, but withered and wrecked by the mighty pas sion of flame and gale. : "I do not like to move," said Belle, "I keep on thinking I see snakes." , "You're mistaking the long black roots of trees. It Is Impossible that anything can be alive on -his island. . Indeed, nothing could be more evident, un less It should turn out - that a man or two, or perhaps more, . were lock ed up in the little . schooner. I had her .very plain Iri sight. She was an extremely pretty model, such as I believe they, used to. build In the Bermudas, Her bright metal made her. very handsome. The gale had picked her up. as if she had been a boy's toy, and carried her clean inshore with the less of her jib-boom and her . foretop-mast only that I could see. On this side her bot tom showed no injury,. but on the other she might prove bilged. "If I could; get that little vessel afloat," said I, "and pick up a couple of men, hang me; Belle, if I wouldn't sail you right away to England." All this- time we stood looking. If the truth must be told.T desired before advancing to make quite sure that nothing was living- man, beast, or reptile, and now we made our way slowly towards the schooner. It was ne cessary to walk with great caution, and sometimes we had the length, ofa fallen tree to wind about. The soil seethed fllled with tangled roots, and the island resembled a huge basket, whose, fabric , was .viBible In the soil, and through the storm- tramped grass. "The one thing that I cannot realise Is this," said I. "We are afloat; all the rest; is intel ligible to any man who ' understands the power of the hurricane. Bur to stand upon solid land ! with trees nnd bushes. swimming in the' middle of thi sea one should go to Gul- II vdr to match it." , "It might sink on a sudden: - , said Belle; "und what wound we do?" "It'll Inst another half hour." said I, and this brought us to the schooner. .1 examined the little weasel's run, bilge, and bows carefully, but could not see that she had been injured in any way'in the hull.- She evi dently sat long and low upon the water, and sailed' faBt. Her rudder was In Its place. Her marvellous preservation made me think of the butterflies one 3oniotlmes' sees'. In the central calm of the raging cyclone. No name was on her stern. She looked to have been freshly painted. You will say the trees and growth of this Island were flre-blasted, ,wliy not the schooner? I answer— It Is but an opinion — the weight of the fire and the hurricane fell straight-out of tlie, sky before it swept Into the furious wind which had' cast this nttle bhlp up high and dry, and disengaged the piece of land from the country it belonged to. It was very easy to board this schooner, and as my curiosity was great, and as, moreover, I felt that I should not he doing my duty as a sailor In quitting this miraculous Island without bringing away a full and accurate report of the little ship upon it, I grasped a rope that lay over the side, and finding it se cured went up hand over hand. Before I could think nf looking I must havq Belle with me, for I did not like the Idea of- being In the cabin whilst she was standing waiting for me on the grass outside, so I made a bowline on a bight, which 3he put under her arms, and then I throw a rcpe's end over for her to help herself up with. She climbed and I hauled; she was light and I was strong. She came up "handsomely," breathless; glowing, her ex pression shaped tor alarms, and then we Icolted about us. Now that we were on the deck of lite schooner, I thought that she Would not be less on the whole than one hundred tons. She had plenty of beam; her plank was white as a yacht's; her masts were bright, and the sun veined them with golden lines, The wreck of the foretnpmnst, with its yards and canvas, lay over the how; she had been at anchor when the hurricane picked her up; indeed, I had remarked some links of cable hanging in one of her hawse pipes when I walked rounci her. but her furled canvas sufficed to convince me that she had been riding. All her deck apopintments were wonder fully good and showed taste, and even extra vagance. Her binnacle etand was a fanciful , piece of brass and wood- work; carvings of- | the heads of snakes formed, mouldings of the ! companion-way. I looked Into her little gal ley and found It very well equipped. Every thing heedful for dressing the food for a \- email crew was there. I saw three plates on the dresser, which put an- Idea Into my head. ' Perceiving the cook's fork leaning by the : door, I picked it up and plunged it into the coppers, and brought out a. piece of meat al most raw. "What have you got there?" cried' Belle, looking with horror at the huge, pale cube I flourished. "This assures me," said I. "that the vessel j iVas manned when she was blown ashore. 