lMli n&JJjbliij;, -^ ? ? ? ? ; BY M. M'DONNELIi BODKIN |A.T3TaOiB OB? VJl STOLEN LIFE.' ETC, ETC.). CHAPTER XXDL— THE END IS NOT YET. To happier lands beyond the sea, Her name and fame they proudly bore; Yet in the land of Liberty - They felt the chain their country wore. With hearts like theirs to do and dare, Those gallant men of Ninety-eight; Come! let the whole world bear us swear To honor and to emulate. Very slowly the hours went by, to their impatience. The red sun seemed to hang motionless over, the sea far out in the west, setting sky and wave in a flame. At last the flaming rim touched the water. t-l-rvrly, very slowly, the broad, bright disc went down, and the deepening dusk gave the signal for their departure. All went well with them at first They gut down the hillside to the road, safe and unobserved. They had made their way good through the village of Louisburgh, when, without warning, a patrol of yeomen leaped out from the shelter of a ditch to the road in front of them. i Luckily the light was bad and the men 1 ? Trere gloriously drunk, for tne potheen was ? plentiful in the district The soldiers' H thought they had captured a covey of fright H ened peasants coming home from the market H The foremost of the two made a drunken ? grab at Peggy to snatch a kiss. Christy! ? Culkin's fist fell like a sledge-hammer, and ? the fellow reeled and tumbled headlong into j ? the ditch at the roadside. j I But his comrade saw the blow, and raised ! ? his musket with a drunken larch, and fired j ? wiliout waiting to take aim. The bullet flew I H skywards, and a second blow, thin time from ? Blake, sent him sprawling on top of his com ? pazuon. Too late! The mischief was done. ? The Mils took up the loud report, and tossed I to and fro in answering thunder. As the re. ? verberating echoes died sullenly away into H the silent night, their quick ears caught close H at hand the sound of hurrying feet on the I hard road, and faint and far off the hoof I strokes of galloping horses. I 'It will be a hard run for it now,' Blake ? saM shortly. He shifted his infant to his ? right shoulder, and gave his left hand to ? Norah, whose loving clasp, that never trem ? bled in Ms, warmed his courage. Close be. ? hind came Christy and Peggy at full speed, ? Thady shot swiftly to the front, faster and I faster in his excitement as the shouts and ? footsteps of the pursuing soldiers thickened j I in the asr behind them. His flying figure ? blending with the dusk had almost vanished I from their view, when Blake, whose eyes ? were like a cat's, saw, or thought he saw, it ? wheel sharply to the right and vanish. A ? few moments later they turned down the ? same narrow opening leading to the sea. It ? was a long, narrow lane-way, a mile or more, ? with high banks of smooth sod, and a floor ? of soft white sand where their flying feet ? sank to the ankles. But they labored stea ? dily on, and found the sea at last, splashing ? softly among the weeds and stones at the ? end. I To Blake's searching eyes, vaguely outlined ? against the lighter darkness of the sky, show ? ed the dim figure of Thady seated now on a ? black rock, his feet splashing softly in the _ L.-U.V.U. ot*,, hjjubc waves were lnngea ana ? seamed with white phosphorescent light ? 'Where are the boats, Thady?' Blake ask I ed in a whisper. ? 'Sprra wan of them is here at all, at all,' ? Thady answered cheerfully. 'It's the sai ? son for the men to be out fishing.' ? The noise of the pursuit came to them from ? the far end of the narrow track. The fore ? most Of their pursuers in their hot haste had ? overrun the turn from the road. But those ? behind had found it, and now the whole wild ? rout came down on them with exultant ? BfcOUtS. ? They were caught in a trap. ? Nearer ^tnd nearer the pursuers came. ? Tb^^ouTd'Bear the curses of' the men as ? their. horses floundered along through the ? deep, fine sand. ? The boy, half asleep and frightened by the ? soend, broke out into shrill cry. An exul ? tant shout of laughter answered him, and the ? enemy came faster on, assured of their prey. I Even at that supreme moment Blake's I heart gave- one wild throb of joy and hope. ? Could that be a boat that he saw faintly ? outlined as a ghost under the curve of the ? bank? He had looked for it on the water ? and found it on the land. Yet he would not ? trust his eyes till he had felt the rim of the ? boat with his hand, and found the long oars ? along her sides. ? Then he shouted to the others: 'Quick, ? -juieirt Down with her to the water!' ? They obeyed without a word; there was no ? time even for surprise. Under the impetus ? of six strong arms the boat ran clattering ? down through the rough shingle and splash ? iuto the-sea, which broke into silver round her ? as she swung loose on the angle of her keel ? 'with front part all afloat Before they quite ? radised what had happened, the women and ? cbfld were lifted through the water and set in ? tbe-stern; and strong arms, straining on the ? long oars,, the boat shot out over the black I w^ater into the black night, leaving a glisten I ing trail of silver in her wake. ? Before the oars could reach their places in ? the rowlocks the soldiers were down at the ? water's edge. For a moment they were be I 'Haldered to find the place empty. But the ? sp?ash of the oars in the, water, and the phos ? phoreseent glow around the moving boat ? tofti them, too late, their prey were escap ? ing. Rifles were levelled and fired into the ports, and the harmless bullets fell far out to sea, and glancing and splashing like leap ing fish, dotted the black water with specks of silver. Steadily, yet swiftly too, they got the long oars between the worn rowlocks; dip, dip, dip, the blades splashed into the black water, making a livid white blotch at each stroke, aiKi tJie-boat shot out into the open sea, with liquid moonlight rippling at her prow. 'Where to?' Thady asked quietly. He had ceiled himself up in the stern of the boat with the tiller strings between his fingers. 'To Westport,' Blake answered; 'we should make it in four hours; at this pace.' . The boat turned in a smooth, clear curve, and the two strong men, bending and swing fog to their stroke, made the water rise like att- ostrich plume at her prow, and left a nar row track, long and white, like a ribbon of 1 h'jrht, in' their wake. They had not been rowing five minutes when Blake's ear caught a bubbling, gurg I E£g sound, almost at his feet and his eyes found a curious blotch of life, as it seemed, swaying and dancing at the bottom of* the boat. He put down his hand, and it went, with cold splash, up to the wrist in water, ?which pressed' upwards against his palm from a yawning seam. In an instant he knew the meaning of it alL This one leaky boat was left for repairs, drawn up -on the beach, when the others had Put to sea. They were afloat on the Atlantic in a sieve. 'Then, for the first time, his heart failed sud denly. Stealthily as a wild beast the stran gling waters crept on them in the lonely sea. From that chill death he felt there was »do escape. But soon his courage, fed and made strong by a thousand dangers over-1 passed, revived. 'The boat is leaking a little, I think,' he said quietly; 'we must bale her out; our hats will serve.' 'My hat is leakier than the boat, 111 war rant you,' Thady answered with a laugli. But he -dived into the locker at the stern as he spoke; and -fished out two battered tin vessels, which JMorah and Peggy seized, and tLey ladled away so dexterously that the wa ter seemed to flow out in a continuous stream over the boat's side. 'Turn her head to Clare Island, Thady,' Blake continued quietly; 'ifs not half the distance. We can wait and signal to. the schooner as she goes by.' Again the boat went round, more heavily dow, and in a wider curve, and the two strong men, straining at the oars till every muscle ached, dragged her through the sea. But fast as the splashing stream flowed over the side, the quick, bubbling spring gained on them, and the water deepened in the boat Blake shouted and tossed his hat over his shoulder to Thady at the stern. Without a word Thady caught it, and began ladling away with the quick, regular motion of a machine, while now and again a deft touch of the tiller rope kept the boat's head straight for the massive bulk of Clare Island, dimly outlined against the sky. Still the insistent water gained more and more, while the boat went staggering heavi ly on, urged by the desperate strength of the oarsmen. ?' . Meanwhile the child, pitiably unconscious of their impending death, dabbled with de light in the treacherous water, and searched the sea with eager eyes to right and left. Suddenly the shrill childish treble was heard clear over the swish and splash of the water, tremulous with excitement 'Look! look!' the boy cried; 'see, a ghost cornins: unon the sea.' The father glanced over his shoulder, and the sight sent the blood thrilling to his heart Away towards Westport a greyish-white shadow, vast and vague, was stealing softly through the dusk. At the first sight he guessed the truth. It was the American schooner he saw, with all sails set to the light breeze that freshened from the shore, and her prow turned straight for the New World. 'Christy! Thady!' he shouted. But it was not needed. They too saw and knew. For the third time the boaf s course changed, and they pulled like giants to cross the track of the flying schooner. With teeth close set, with every muscle strained, they tore their oars through the heavy sea. In vain, in vain! The treacherous water found new leaks as the weighted boat sunk lower and lower and lower, and hung back like lead against the desperate push of the oar blades. 'We cannot reach her,' Maurice cried in despair, and he shipped his oar. ' 'There is one hope left; she may hear. One shout to gether; it is our last chance.' They drew deep breaths and raised theii voices in a desperate cry, that seemed to nil tae whole silent haven with clamorous sound. Silence followed, so intense that the ripple of the water, rushing through the leak ing seams, was like the noise of a mountain stream. But the schooner, with hope and life and kindly welcome on her decks, slid softly and swiftly through the night, unconscious of their agony. Again they cried, and again hopeless si lence. In that second silence Thady broke suddenly into a peal of vacant and jarring laughter. 'I'll wake them up,' he said, and thrusting his little finger into his mouth he whistled— ear-piercing, brain-piercing, keen as a pang of intolerable pain, the shrill sound clove the still air like?a knife. = Holding their breath, they watched the pale grey phantom far out to sea. Did their eyes cheat them? Did their hopes lie? No. The motion ceased as they look ed; the shape changed. The broad expanse Earrowed to a white line; the schooner was bearing straight down on them. Thady's whistle rang out again, earpierc ing as before, and with straining ears they thought they heard a faint answering sound. Hope gave them new strength and courage. The useless oars were cast aside; baling frantically with vessels, hats, and hands, the? kept back the rush of the impatient sea. All round the boat the water splashed, and the white phosphorescent light leaped and glowed, a guiding beacon to the oncoming schooner. Nearer she came and nearer; the outline of her sails grew more distinct; they could see the white ripple at her rushing prow. 'Boat ahoy!' a strident voice sang out at last 'Help! We are foundering!' was Blake's reply. She kept her swift course straight forward to half a cable's lenght; wheeled smoothly as a bird on the wing, and paused with shiver in;; sails, and dropped a boat from her da vits into the sea. The boat shot out for the flash of white light with the black blotch in its centre. The rescuers found three men and two women up to their waists in water, baling for their lives, and a weeping child perched on its fa Not one moment too soon! Even as they stepped over her low rim the water- logged boat swayed and sank in the gurgling, water. Captain Costelloe himself welcomed them on the schooner's deck. His amazement and delight passed all bounds when he found Blake himself and his wife and child among the rescued. In an instant the whole vessel was astir with the orderly, purposeful bustle of ship board. Dry clothes and hot food and drink were provided as if. by magic. Within half an hour after they had stepped over the schooner's side, the boy was cosily asleep, his soft cheek pressed to his mother's bosom. Norah and Peggy lay in their snug~ bunks in the same cabin, dreamily awake, conscious only of the delicious languor that comes of fatigue and danger safely over passed. Thady, quite impervious to fatigue or danger, flitted restless arid delighted over tlie vessel from stem to stern, and Blake and Christy told the story, of their adventures over a steaming bowl of rum punch in the captain's cabin. With sails that stiffened in the growing wind, the Western Hope crept easily round the great bulk of Clare Island during the night When the sun of a new day came up behind the hills, crimsoning the sky and wa ter, she dashed the foam of tfcue open ocean from her prow, and no speck of land lay be*, tween her and the western world. With the boy by her side, Norah leant over the rails at the stern of the ship, and watched with wistful eyes the faint blue outlines of the loved and lovely land that swiftly faded into the distance. High and far off, the clear-cut cone ot ! Crcagh Patrick showed, and the lesser Mils rose around in delicate blue curves against the warm tints of the sky. The sun's ray lay on the rippling water, like a long golden path back to the land. Though freedom and happiness and love were all before her, the heart of the irishwo man was hot and heavy, and her eyes bright with unshed tears. f'Look, Val! Look well!' she said as she lift ed him in her arms, and pointed to the fad ing outlines of the hills. 'That is Ireland; our own Ireland. You may never see it again; but you must never forget Ireland till you die. You must love her always, the besc of all the lands under the sun; and your heart and help must be always with her in her need.' The deep voice of her husband, who had come softly behind them while she spoke, whispered solemnly, 'I swear it;' and the sweet clear voice of the child echoed the words, 'I swear.' « (The End.) 