[?] KEW SOUTH WAIiES. Sydnky. May 6. Tho nppciU in tlio lloroudool Innd eases was concluded this morning, when tho Full Court delivered judgment., tho appeal being: upheld. Tho court expressed tho opiuion that, under the circumstances disclosed in tho wise, any further reference should bo modo to u land ItG'irfl itllinv thiiti that of Gimnodah. The Mmiohester Unity Order of Oddfellows coulixmed its session yesterday. A cominuni- cuiion from the North Queensland brunch wan read in reference to the clearance values. The letter was considered, hud it was decided that tho directors be empowered to have an actual Btatcmeut prepared to bo .submitted at the next mcetinir of tho Q A.M.C. Messrs. West, Hamilton, M'Quaker, and Herman Ttiuslc, of SLunthorpc, Queonshsnd, luivo been uppointed magistrates for Now South Wales. , „ A daughter, aged 4 years, of Mr. W . Eraser, was burnt to death on Thursday at Narmbri. , , . . A fire at Oavrathool on Thursday night de stroyed tho ortioes of Messrs. Bains and Hunrlcston, stock and si ation ugonta. Tho Gmidugai paotorallsts suspect that thoy are victims of systematic robbery, and suggest legislation regulating tho sales of eheep.skitis. Tho steamer Archer arrived yesterday from the South Seas. A tidal wavo recently swept over tho Maivhnll Islands, causing great loss to life and property. Several raur- <lei-8 by natives aro reported from tho Bismarck Archipelago. On one island 11 natives were killed and eaten. A nativo was shot at Herbertshoh by order of tho Governor, for killing the captain of tho schooner Sea Ghost, some 18 mouths ago. About eight months ago tho body of tho bandmaster of H.M.S. Royal Arthur was found floating in the harbour, near the . Man-o'-war steps. An inquiry was held, ; and an open verdict returned. It. is under- ; stood that, the police aro now in possession of an anonymous letter, in which the writer makes il confession of beiug tho cause of the ; bandmaster's death, wbicb-ho describes as tho result of a quarrel. Tho police are investi gating tho matter. 