TH3 HEIEB3S OP PARNELBIGH CHAPTER XVI. A MEETING^ ' Have y-m heard the news, luamma ?' Matoja asked this question of her mother, a few days litter, nu she came in from an afternoon walk in the woods, the tops of whose trees tipped with the sunset, could be seen from their windows. Mrs, ; Baldwin looked tip from her sewing, something in Marcials tone startliug her. It was even more bard and bitter than usual. ' wo. vi an is it, cnna r 'Madge is going to marry Ivan Trent. The engagement is announotd, that's nil, T ho piece of needle sank into Mrs. Baldwin's lap, and che took off her glasses. ?'Did you ever hear of such luck ?' she said, her anxious eyes fixed -on Marcia's face. ' But child, why do you worry Over these things ? Why not accept the situation an it is ? Oh, Marci/i, I wish we'd never decided to stop here. What's the good of it ? It's only a ltviuy torture to you, and I know you'd be happier in New York. I know you would. ' Well, I know I wouldn't. I'm satisfied where I am at present ;' and a slow enigmatical smile flitted eoross her faoe. ' But to think of her marrying him V She flung herself into a chair and looked into the fire, anger and chagrin mingled in the ex preasion of her eyes, 41 He attracted me by his very indifference, '' she murmured, ' by hit masterful air ami hand eoine face, not forgettiuK his fortune ;' and Bhe laughed brusquely. 'Yes, I was attracted to mine enemy— to the man who set about defeating me, and who succeeded so well. But, oh, how I do hate you now,' Ivan Trent, and how I would like to make you suffer as you have made me 1 Mrs. Baldwin's voice was again heard in minor repining-. ' I was against you daring the thing, as you know, from the first, Morcia, and if you'd taken nay advice you would nut have had ail this disap. poiutment to bear. - But you wouldn't do it, you would come in Madge's plaoe)-. M«rcia sprang to her feet. ' Yes, and I'm glad I did,' she said, hotly. ('Even with failure on my head, I'm glad I did. It was a change, anywsy ; more than that it was a decided bhaiige for the better. Don't be a goose, mother. Have you forgotten Mr. Grey ? If he does al! he promises, Miss Madge Farneleigh won't inherit all of the Farneleigh millions. Some of the money will be turned from its usual channel into our pockets.' : ' Put if it's discovered 2' , ' That's his look-out, not mine.' ' What's bis object, Marcia, in doing all this— eh?' Marcia looked eonsoious ana shook her head thoughtfully. - ' ' Dear, simple old marosie,' she said, 'she doesn't see that Mr. Grey has fallen in love with her daughter— that's all; ' But you, Muroia, my dear— you couldn't care for him ? . . i Marcia's face hardened. . ' ' No?1 she said, coldly ; ' bnt that's no reason for my not marrying him, if he has enough money . There is probably rib' fetter fate in store for roe. I was not born under a lucky star, like Miss Farheleighs' ' . '' I ' ' With these word's she went up to her room, her heart fairly sick, with envy at Madge's fortune. 'I haven't discovered yet the meaning of her Et range visit to the empty, house,' , she murmured. 'Oh, I suppose it's vicing and hateful and altogether bad, but if I could find out something to humiliate Madge farneleigh I'd rather have it than a present. There was something peculiar in' that morning visit ; her face showed it, aud I'm going to watch her and find out.' . At this hour tea was being served in the draw ing room at Farneleigh, and Madge and Ivan were taking a fragrant cup of Pekoe with Miss Abby before starling out for a drive. Lights hud nut been brought in, and the radiance from the sunset, mingled with the rosy light from the open fire, filled the beautiful room with enticing shadow*. Madge laid down' her cup, then went over to ber aunt, and put her arms softly and warmly about her neck. ' 'Aud you don't love me less now that I've promised to marry yonr protege P' .' I've room in my heart for you both,' she said, tenderly, her soft, dark eyes taking them both in in a warm glance. ' Bu£ there's not much room left for anyoue else.' Madge turned to her impulsively. /'If — if my father were alive, you would love him, would you not, auntie, dear?' and despite ber efforts, her voice trembled. Miss Abby and Ivan both looked at Madge in wonder. ' Why— why, of couree, my darling.' she said, softly ; ?? I loved Dick— handsome, reckless Dick— I loved him tenderly. But he is dead. Why did you speak of hiiti, child ?' 'Ah, forgjve me, dear auntie,' said Madge, penitently, kissing her cheek. '? I did not mean to make you feel sorrowful, and I-deserve a scold ing. Ivan, why don't you do your duty and tell me I'm a simpleton?' . She tried tc laujrb away the iniprrjsaiou her question bed mnde, but tbero were bright tears ii ber eyes as she hurried from this room to prepare lor her drive.) ' Ivan, dear, I do hope she doesn't persist in wanting to know 'her father's etory,' Miss Abby «»id, when they were alone 'Her life fehall not Be spoiled by' thdt knowledge- wo will not let it, will we, my boy?' 'She .need never know,' he said, firmly and chnerily. ?? That leaf is turned down, iuid there J» no need of ever referring to it, for the page is *r°ss«l with pain and tears. But come now, Mto Abby, and tell me you are really happy that Madge and I love each other. Tell me so ngaiu, it makes Mie feel so happy.' ',' ', . ' I know of no one to whom I would rather give «« even half inllmirly, tut youwrlf,' niid she held out her hand«. ; ' v ' God bk-s8 you for yottt inii,' *»i& Ivan, im pressively. «? 4t W noMmtti reposed -«u nw for nothing.' , -?--?-- ? ' ,. :. Madge entered, her little oenlskin c)nak buttoned 'PWHffty.tfvelw^hatrwnh- intnMnV' brim ^^nwJow'yhJBifMl.Keir^liiidfiri »ho/emuff. m« thought lie had tiever seen a face so fnir **tfae onethathet»ow«riU»dupoti, and Mi«a Abby watched them depart into the waning sunset with (bud, dim eyes. ' That was a little nothing oT a kiss in the hall,' grumbled Iran, picking up the rein.*. ? ' I know it,' said Madge, ' but Mr. Monkton was coining towards us, and I had to slip away or he would have seen use. You shall have two when wecome back;' and she slipped her arm' through his, her touch making him incomparably happy. Madge was' determined, to fight back every thought that had- made her last few days wrotuhed, und enjoy this drive with Ivan. She looked at him. happily, and they. talked as lovers will, of the long dear years they were to spend together, ' We'll be a perfect Darby and Joan, my darling,' said Ivan! prophetically, 'or like the pair immortalized in the old Scotch song, ' John Anderson, my Jo, John.' ' . '? John Andersou, my Jo, John, When we were first sequent Your bonny brow was brent, But now yuur'e old and grey, John, Your locks an- like the snow ; But blessings on your fro#ty pow, John Auderson, my Jo. , ' John Anderson, my Jo, John, We've clnmb the hill togither, And many a canty day, John, We've bad wi' one anitber. Now we must, travel down, John, But hund in band we'll go, And rent together at the foot, John Anderson, my Jo.' Madge pressed Ivan's arm silently after the last miner bars had died away. Both were silent,, their eyes fixed on the glory of the dying day' their hearts filled with the new and marvellous sympathy they were experiencing. At a turn in the road they saw a carriage coming towards them. It was an open viotona, and at sight of the man leaning back among the cushions, his for robe drawn about him, Ivan looked surprised. * Look closely at this man. Madge,' he said, hurriedly. ' It is Lancoe— Felix Lancoo, the recluse of ' The Crest, He doesn't often leave his seclusion,'' Madge leaned forward, her lips compressed. Ae the carriage passed and Lancoe lifted his hut to Ivan, they both saw an expression of uubelief— of pain— dawn in bin eyes as they rented on Madge. Th* meeting whb but momentary, yet she read the look aright. ' Why. Mange, how pBlo you are, said Ivan, in alarm ' You look hs though you had seen a ghost.' 'Do I? It's nothing,' nhe paid, nerving herself to calmness. ' So that is Mr. Lancoe ? He is very handsome, isn't he 1' The unusual beauty of the man's face had never impressed Ivan so forcibly before. The hair whitened at the temples, the worn look drooping the corners of his well-Cut mouth, the sombrely dark eyes lit by the fire* of bitter rrgrntH, made h face to rcnie iber, and that Madge did not try to dismitK* from her thoughts. ' I have looked on the faoo of my mother's murderer,' sha was saying to herself. ?' I haw seen my euemy's face to-3ay.' ? ? ? Meanwhile, a littie farther down the road. Felix Lancoe sat immovable, hi* hands pressed tightly on bin knees, his face crowed by pain. 'I have seen her, at laitt t-Diak Farneleigh's newly discovered daughter. Her mother wm» 'to'nro artin in her.' It would almost appear M»f ' her npirit bad comeback to finish her interrupted lif» Alicf,' hn inuttereo. litiil he saw nothinir of ih» UW land through which he was parting, ♦' I have at*n your wraith to night.' . ???';? He fthivered, gUtncod at the nhailows id the east, ?ltd drtw tin rug clp«er round him^ CHAPTER XVII. The Fibst Step. During the following' fortnight Madge seemed, by peculiar chance, to constantly meet Felix Lancoe. If she drove with Misa Abby their car rmgieK paused each other. If she went for a ride with Ivan they iiint hini, the look in his strarlgfe. hunted, rnelancholy eyes Beetoing to find its way to her heart. ? ? , - , :: : ' How the fellow stares at you, Madge,' Ivan, said, with slight annoyance, one day; after one of. these '_ meetings. 'i\Unt half like hua?'l wonder what brings him out so coriHtantly now? The ?? villagers are nil t«lkinp! e bout it; Formerly an. occasional. drive, say qnce in six mouths, was the only sijrht one had of him ; bur now we can't stir a step h-om Farneleigh without Btumbling across him.' ' ' ' .''??' . But Madge did not. seem, to hear him. Her eyes were troubled, her. color gone, and her thoughts were busy with her father. ? She must tell him of these meetings with Lancoe— they must think of some way by which she coo Id' know the man and begin her work of , reparation. That very day she uiusi go to the old clook-mender's shop in the village und tell him all. '' Madge, what is troubling you ?' Ivan's voice recalled her with a start. ' For a fortnight youjiaven't been yourself-.' he continued, , 'WJiydou't you trust ma and tell me what it is? Ate we not gojng to confide in eaoh other, be each other's helper,, sweetheart ? The eyes of lbv# are keen, Madge, dear, and I know that there is something perplexing you. What is it, dear? Tell me. I waiit to share it with you.' Her father's worn face;' his haunting eyes, seeiufeil to rise up ' before her, Urging her not to betray him-^his voice n penetrating tones seemed sayingin ber earst ?- - . . ' We must work in this affair alone. You will not dare give up my secret, even to your lover.' He? laugh had a strange, excited note in it that jarred on Ivan's ear asjthe turned her face towards him. 'It is nothing, Ivan,' she said, indifferently. ' You imagine this, really.'' ' She will nSttell «ie.»* he said to himself, ' bur I know I. am right,' and in .some- way Lnncoe is connected with it Can it be ehe ha« heard of the ChriHtinaa night tragedy, and of her father's bitter quarrel with Lancoe? Impossible! It must be something else, and yet, whenever we toeet him,, which is too often lately, she grows silent 'and pale ' . '.?'-'.. A light broke upon his mind. 'I think I know what has aroused Mi1. Lancoe. to activity agHin,' he mused. 'Madge's tikeneas to hor mother is the magnet that draws him oat of his shadows. What a fool I was not to think of it before 1' ' Tbfi thought was not pleasant. Madge's beauty as a Tesurreoting power to' another man affronted lvau's proprietary pride. -He began to feel an acute dislike for Felix Lancoe. . ? ... Min8 Abba's views were entirely different, Mn'dge was drj^ng her one afteruodu - in the littla pony carriage, when they met 'the recluse on a narrow road. - ' '.-. - ? ; ?? ..-. :. ' .? -; 'Iiovely weather, Mr. Lancoe,' said Misa Abby. '? .?.-'? ' . ./ ' '? ?'.?'? 'I cannot resist it,1' he answered;; but hi), gaze whh fastened on Madge's (»op.' : ... ? ; -? : ; They drove on. ; The. -lopk had ''-to dintQrbed Ma4ge she oould not speak tor a few liiomenU. ? . ,*«.I; eannpt help it, '.Madge, dear,' said Hun Abby, ; iibddrafi emphatically,' but I alwajrs liked , tbsMstn. He ia iuch « romantie : fiftoreL Did you ever x«e whiter ) hair t Wearing - it w- close cntjt crowns hi? hfadHk«fn-«tf Wonderful «j««, tuo-dark, melwicholy. He it veijr good. :ioovW* '?''?'? ' '??? '?'':: 'Z:'' ' 'T*r»:; 'Whw ath'I to nirrt'bimP' ? ? . ?' 'Oh.'l don't itiiow; ofafld. You donlt wwiV to 4nuw him, do ypd, zeally 7 * ' Oh, but I do. Why not auk him to the ball you wpok* of giving, Amif Abby f' 'Fancy Felix Lnnuoe at a ball!' *aM Misi Abby, with a ury laugh. ' 36wover, I do boIieYO he'd come.' ' Let us fix the date for the ball on the twentieth,' said M»dg», unmaking quickly, eager, ness making her toiies 'a little tromuloua. 'And yes -oh, yes, let us have Mr. Lano»e at it. He .;: piques my curiosity. Aunt Abby.' A few days later Madge was rending in tb's library when Ivan wa« shown into the rooming'- room adjoining wnere Miss Abby was. 'I think Madge i« out walking -at laast I haveu't seen her come baok. Sit down and have ii chat with me Ivan,' said Miss Abby. ' I've got a bit of new« for you.' ' It's good news, from your expreitiion,' and Ivan seated himself opposite ber. ' Yes. We're going lo have n ball her* on the twentieth. It will be Mm^e's introduction to Malhrook. She and I have been planning it all out,' « ' vV«ll, I suppoKfi I'll see previous little of . Madge in the interim.' ' Guess who 1 am going to aak to be one of the gunntSi' 'You know I never could guess anything. ' J?elix Lancoe,' she sail, her eyes oparkhng behind hor glassnx. ' Isn't, that a littlo odd ? Velix Lunuoe !' ex olaimed Ivan, an uiignudous intonation in the words. Miss Abby lowered her voice. ' It may seflin mi. But I'm qoinq tn pnc-iiraire him to make xmnethin-? of hi-i life, poor fellow. Ytiu know I don't bi-li«ve a *nrd of the xtories tbnt wern oirculnted ubuut him — not a word.' ' tVhy did he become a misanthrope if h» had nothing to regret ? I don't *ny he committed a crime ; but if there was one, he wan the uause ol it.' Madge had been sitting with her oyes upon the book, but swing nothing, while this conversation vis in progress. She hud never loved Ivan as well as «t that moment. He neeraed her father's oharapion ' It wan all poor Dick's reasonless jealousy,' continued Mists Abby. I don't bolieve he had any* thing to do with the mrstery ot that terrible night Besides, I feel I iumt ask him, for he is the only one Madge seemo particularly atixious to know. She bsk^d me to invite him.' There) was silence for b moment after this statement, but could Madge have seen Ivan's face she would have realised that her appearance of friendship with the master of The Crest was likely to be condemned by ber lover. She waited for him to speak, her heart growing heavy. '? I'm sorry Madge wishes to know him I don't like him. But he is handsome, he has a history, and picturesque irrey hair, so I suppose that Settles it,' he said iinpul-ively. . ' ' Ivan. ? am surprised at you -Kurtx-iwd,' said Miss Abby, reprovingly. 'You don't suppose Madge is attracted to the mau exoept iu a passing way? Of course not !' ' Forgive me, Miss Abby, but somehow of late a shadow seems to he creeping over my happiness —in fact, eyer siioe thi3 man has reappeared atnoqg us. ,We meet him everywhere, his eyes fixed— fdirly riveted— on Madge, and she beoomea silent and' Obld:1 Now r he asks you to invite him', her father's enemy, to Farneleigh. 1 cannot helb it— the thought makes me utterly wretphed,' ' She does not know he was her father's enemy, Ivap',' replied Miss Abby, convincinirly, ' and for that matter she never shall. ' The old story is dead', and there's no need of bringing it up again. - To open closed graves is unsightly.' I've told von I believe Lauooe entirely blameles i in the unfor tiinii to affair, As for yo r being jealous |of him, I'd like to shake you: I hop« you have the grace to feel ashamed of your&e-f.;' Madgo's head... sank down, and she laid her ohee,k upon her band. There was a new pain ia her heart. ' ' ; '' My duty to my father will make Ivan misun* derstand me,' she thought, miserably, a prcphetio gloom ew3epinar over her. ' I know it— T know it — and yet I must go on —I must go on, even though the shipwreck of my hopes is the result'. I may have to pay that price for my father's happiness.' ',-'; 