(Continued from page 3) the hill to keep oloasly under shelter, and prevented them frotn observing what happened on thoolopea bolotv the encircling c'rdlo of eliffn,. Protected thus by tho firo of thoir companion., emoll partioa of Boora vzoro croopinp oa atoollhily no door ato.lkoro ovor wido Dpacoo of tlio mountnin aido, v7horo (ho cliff V7QII nbotfo Gcrnonod thorn boih from tho oight and from tho tiro of tho dofondfw. Sir William Butler Giv09 on oscollent mnp. oh'idod oo no to ex hibit clour It? tho ' dond ' portiono of tho hillnido, norosD whioh thrsn nr. porioncod huDtoro mado thoir way oboamd. So otoalthy and no cautioue T7oro thoy that took tho vvholo morninc ovor their otolk ; but thoir caution and okill woro crounod v7ith perfect sue cc:d. At ono port of tho cireumforon- o of tlojuba thoro io a Htto outlying Iiopio, or poak, uhich io roally tho key of tho pooition, 'With unorriog in otinot one of tho Boor loadora mado for thio point. According to Sir William Butlor. ho had about GO men nith him ond V7hen ho arrived qnito nonr it, with hin party otill undiscovorod, ho dotoctod a picket of novoral ooldiero, who wero standing in an expoaod po) cition, unconooioua of tho noar noij»h. Dorhooa ot their loos. Tho Boor loader ordored a numbor of hio mca to hold their rifleo at tho ' prosont, ' otop back out of coser, ond firo a rapid volloy. Tho monojuvro ono okillfullv osocuted ; tho nholo piokot woro oloan 0T7Gpt QT7ay, and in a fovr minutoa inoro the Boero had f;ot tho boy of tho pooition io thoir bondo. By thia ouo cess they had turnod tho loft of tho Britioh troopo, who V7oro holding the northern face of tho ritn, and tiok them in the flank. Tho troopa thus Buddenlv ourorioed. foil back frnm fho gim, and immediately other parties of Boors ruobed up by another gap, ond oeized the abondoned positions. Prac fcically Majuba wao taken by surprise. Till the enemy vrere actually on tho top tho general and hiu stall nevor dreamed that they could looo the hill. But, odcq ootabliohcd on tho aumnii', the rapid and accurato fire of the Boero swept away tho defenders. It oeems that if no provioion had been made for tho unonpeotod contingency of tho hill boinR otormod ; no oecond line of defence had been provided, and ouch roBerveo oa esisted wero either not really or could not be cot into . place at tho critical moment ; and a general oauvo qui pont £ollowod. It is a Bcene that ono doea not care to tbink about. Colley, endoavonring to tally hio broken lines, despairingly fronted tho hoilatorm of bullota that mowed down hio men, and fell with bio face to the foe. Nearly half the Britioh force r?oro killod, wounded or mndA r*pinr-nftT-n Thn 'Rnnt. l^nr,rtn given by Sir William Butler at ois, of whom only one wao killed. Hero in :? deed wao a leoaon to ovory commcador -to oaoure hio weak point. Like every other poot of vantage, Majuba Hill hod ito vulnerable spot, and that opot wag neither oufficiently fortified nor guarded. There io ono other matter that abould be mentioned. The aboard ly fimnll lnnn nrt tVio mnn T-7V1 n etormod Majuba would be incredible ? but for ono reaoon. It hao been al ready oboervod that tho fire which covorod tho otealthy advance of the of tho otormers was oil at long rango. The British ooldiers replying to it fired oloo at the oame range ; nor need *70 bo ourpriaod that againot ail oEomy 00 okillsd in selecting oheltered po eitiono, their fire, did not .effect muob. But, &o; it wao c. long-rango duel they were of oouroe compelled to roioe their eightp, wifh tho rooult that whon they were ouddonly ruohod by tho Boor '? storming parties thoy all had the sigbts of their Martinio set to 500 and i600 yardo elevation ; but the otormero were ot Doint blank diotance. Conoo qaoatly, tho volleys fired at olose quartora by the defendants of the hill went harmlessly over tho hoado of the asoailantB. Proof of this wao found in tho hundreds of rifleo picked up by the siotoro after the action wao over, all of which, by their account, bad thp long range oight.o ^aioed. So we may add yet another' lesson and that is tho | necessity of perfect firecoEtrol on tbe pait of the officor immediately in charge of tho firing lino. Tho best aimed volleys fired without strict at tention to tho; regulation of the;! sighting are only too likely to waote themoelves in empty ait\ ?y^ith tlajuba, hostilities camo to a otandclill. That woll equipped army indeed, for v/hich Colloy had hoped arrived in South Africa after hio fall, but it was not allowod to rotrive tho tamlehisd glory of the Britioh armo. For good or e^il, a peace wao made, which doubtleeo oeenjed to be honora ble and satisfactory to thoco who were ecsponoiblo for it, believing ao they did that to continue tho war would involve us in the sin of bloodguilti oees. However the remote r.once quence of- our actiono aro far often other than we ezpoot ; ond tbo many and bloody battles we have fought pinoe tbon in Egypt and tho Soudan,' do*-'J3 to the rocont conqucst at Khar touro, to traced to tho loco of pieotige that pnqueotionably followed the disaster in South Afiioo. The belief that tbo power of Eogland might be defied with impunity em boldened Arabi Pasha to head a military revolt againot our protogo, tbe Khedive, at Cairo. Ho wao woe fully deceivod by tho cruohing Britioh victory at Tel-el-Kobir iu 1882, the very nest yoar after Majuba. The leeaono taught in South Africa had been laid to hoart. True, at Tolel Kobir, wotka hold by riflomen woro assaulted by infantry in front ; but tho infantry wero brought close up to thoir objective ucdor cover of night ; and it was known that tho Arabioto woro no snob marksmen aa tho Boors. And now it was tKo 'Arabiot. rifloothat woro picked up in hundreds aftor tho vic tory, sighted for an idlo long range £re by tbe esprees orders of their leader ; while it was a British reei ment that attaobed in rushes, halting every 50 yards to fire volleys at a stated rango fixed by their musketry instructor. Ono daro not say that the miofakes mado in South Africa will nover bo ropoatod. To err is humnn ; and wo havo high authority for oaying that ho ia tho boat gonoral who makes fowoot blundors. But it becomes pos siblo to look forward hopefully to tho future if our londoro show that they do not doopiso tho loodons of ospori- j onoo. Tho lato campaign in tho Sou dan would seom to indioato that thoso hnort Knnn nf 1 r, »_ t ? . wwuu uu luau uuuu mm io uoart and tho roault dan boon in gratifjiug contrast to the failures of 1881. Fail ures thoy woro, and tho fact muot be acknowledged ; yot in opoaking of thom wo would guard our6olves from using any Unguago that m-jy ooom to reflect upon tho devotod mon who on fiold aftor Sold havo laid down thoir livoo in tho service of their country. A3 tho thought of the lonely gravoo that mark thoir last resting placo risoo before tho mind, one seems to bohold tho pa'lid lino of ghosts, the victims of tho war god : Slowly comes a shadowy train. Souls of warriors brave ia vaiu. It was not all in vain that they fought and fell, if those who coa9 after them havo striven, undor happier ajspioe?, to surpass them in skill and not to fall ohort of them in valour. — T. B. Towns bond, in 'Chamber's Journal.' The Boer in Warfare. BATTLE OF MAJUBA. HILL. To learn from your enemies ia a maxim wbioh haB lost none of ite force down to the present day : and it interest)! everyoue amongst us to know whether the British army is io the hands of men who are capable of ptofitiuK hy the lesBonB (hit from time to time are rudely administered to ua by our foec. Most of us remember only too woll the shortlived domina . tion in tbe Trausvaal during llie Intter part of the soveutiis aa well as the way iu which misfortune seemed to dog the. steps of those on whose ehoulders fell tho burdeu of upholding it there. We had found tbe country ia a bankrupt condition, and hud re stored its finances ; we had found it threatened by tho formidable Zulu monarch, with bis army of 60,000 lighting savages, thoroughly drilled and in a state of high military efli oiency. After a desperate struggle, in which we sulfated some very severe losses, including the battle of Tsandula, where our camp was taken and the whole of its defenders slaughtered, ''' '''V ''''J » complete but hard won tiiumph. We bad broken the power of Cetowayo, and dispersed bis regiment of ?' celi bate man destroying gladiators,' to uae tbo phaeo iu which Sir Birlle Frere onco described bis justly dreadod impic. Subsequently, iu tbo Traus vaal itself, we had overthrown Seco uoeni, a powerful native chiof, who bad ^successfully delled the Boer Gov ernment; while enterprisng British Mauora uau ou^t'iicu au auuMuauw, ui excellent sporting rifles to the people of the country, who earned not a little money by ahcoting down the game with them. In brief, we had removed one by ono every obstacle to u revolt on tbo part of the emigrvnt farmors who made up tho bulk of tbo popula tion of Transvaal outside the towns. The revolt followed, as might havo been expectod. It broke out in tbe month of Derombor, 1880, duiiuit the warm summer of tbe southern hemis phere, and it came to an end with the peace that was concluded after tbo disastrous battle of Majuba Mountain on 2(-th Febtuary, 1881, Tho talo of misfortune begins with the affair of Bronkerspruit in Doocmber. Toe 9-lih Bogimen', forming a part of the British gairinou of tho Transvaal, had been orderod to concentrate at. Pro tons, and was on tho/march thithor. No actual fighting had ns yet tabeo placo ; but tho Boers bad held a mass meeting, proclaimed a republio, and announced that t hf y wero going to begin. At Bronkerspruit thoy leid a carefully prepared ambush along the road by which tho !-lh wero advanc ing, and awaited thoir victims— The British colonel had been warned to look out for traps; but, at far as cm now bo known, he hal no idea that those sharp-shooting farmers wore really in oarnest. aud be failed to profit by tbo warning. Tae'Jl h were strung out for half a mile along the rood ; the irea her was bot, and many of tbe soldiers had put their rifles in tbo waggons; in short, tbe march was conducted as if in a time of profound peace. At a certain spot the long tolumn was halted. Th'jro was a brief oolloquy between the colonel and the Boeis ; thoy ordered him to go back and he refused. Nobody seems to have noticed tho ambushed riflemeu, or to have observed tbe little heaps of stones with which iheseskilled hunters of wild gamp, old hands nt shooting over the bare veldt, had thoughtfully marked out beforehand at 100, 150 and 200 yards, their exact distance from their iatended targ6tf. Tho Boer rifles cracked, and in 20 minutes a'l. the officers and half 'he British troops were shot down, and tbe rest weie made prisoners ; the lots on the side of t tie farmers was almost nil. Aa a Western American crudely observed, it was a case of a lot of first class froatietsman taking in a crowd ol tendtifeet out of tbe we'. I: was a terribly severe lesson that in the face of a possible enemy a soldier must never be off his gutirj. After tho Bronkerspruit disaster tbe whole country was up. AU the British garrisons in the Transvaal were be leaguered by the Boers, aud one gar rison, ttotebefstroon, was known both by thom an! Sir Gaorgo Jfomeroy Colley, tho general in command in Natal, to be short of provisions. Col~ ley gallantly determined to cut his i way in if possible, and relieve it. lie I knew well onough that ere long an army from overseas must be sent to retrieve the honor nf the British arms ; but ho was al«o awaro that it must in ovitauiy arrive too lite to save x'oion efstrootn. The Boers bad occupied Lung's Nek, tho pass leading into the Trnnsvaal from Natal ; aud, with a small British force he bad at bis com rnaud, be hoped to bo able to dislodge them and clear ths road. Gener.il Colley was considered to be one of tho very best officers in tbe Btitish army. Be bad had somo experience in nctuil lightirgin Chin.1, and ho bad exhibited extraordinary skill and courage ond resource in tha vory difficult task ol organising the transport in the Ash anti campaign. He ceitiinly could not bo called a novice in war? But unfortunately there was one thing of which all bis previous experiotice had taught bim nothing, and that was how to firfbt against goof shots arqied with modern breectiloxfers. On 20:h January, 18S1, Co'ley moved upon Laing's Nek witS about 1100 meu, and ti guns. Tbe force pf Boers opposed to bim is f aid by Alfred Aylward, who appears to have acted as their military secretary, to have numbered 1137, undtr Gauorah Jju bert and Smidt. The Boera hsd no guns, and dreaded artillery fire mire than anything else ; accordingly they dugout dum-ny trenches in soft g-o.ind on a conspicuous part of the Nek, and then judiciously disposed - themselves in safety elsewhere. Colley's guns oponed fire at u mile and a half, and appear t'j udYtt priuuipaii/ ucuupiwu themselves in shelling the empty trenches, as, according to Alfred Ayl watd, no one was hnr\ or even frightened by the cannouale. It mav bo noted that Alfred Aylward'a figures are not contradicted by Sir William Butler in the ' Life of Sir George Colley,' which he has reoently pub lished ; and, iudcel, with refetonce to this particular action, General Colley himself deplores tbe ineffectiveness o' his artillery practice in ono of the letters printed by the biographer. Posting tbe naval brigade with the rocket, apparatus aud some of the 60tb Rifles iu an enclosed ground where they were under cover, nnd kePDin-» nbont. half bis force in reserve, Colley des patched five companies of the 5l?th Regiment, numbering -ISO bayonets, together with about 100 mounted men, to assault tho left of the Boer lines. In bro.td daylight the foot advanced in column of companies across the open ground and up the hill, against nearly thrice their own number of the best shots in the world, who were under cover and armed with good modern rilios. The charge of the Dervish host at Ouidurman was not so gallant or so futile. In a few minutes tbe handful of mounted men wero scattered, and ono-third of tho 28th lay. dead or wounded on that bloody slope. Tbe survivors drew oil', ro-formed their shattered linos bchiud tho UOth Rifles, and retired in good order. The Boer loss is said to have been two. It was magnificent but it was not war. .. It proved, if any proof were needed that for infantry in column to cliargo in broad daylight works thus strongly held by resolute men who can handle breech-loaders is to court ruin and disaster. After Laing's Xek theexultant Boers threatened Colley's communications, and on 8th February lie sailod out from his camp at Mount Prospect to clear the road in his rear. This time ho took with him flvc companies of the 00th Utiles — who, being in reserve, had not bceu cut up at tbe Laing's Nek — and four guns, togother with oS mounted meu. A few miles from camp ho left a half oompnny and two guns to guard, tbo drifts of ihe flooded Ingogo River, 5 and a mile or two further on he en countered a strong party of Boers' With a confidence begotten of their easy victory at Laing's Nek, the Boers did not wait to be attacked, but with out hesitation assumed the offensive, Colley took up a position on aflat topped bill,, and stood on his defence, having now about' 300 men and two' guns with him. -'According to Alfred Aylward. tho Boer patrol numbered 167\. Tlie'Boers took cover all round the hill, and a prolonged rifle duel ensued between tbe.two. forces:. Avoid ing the British tactics at Laing's Nek, the conditions of -which were cxactly reversed upjn this occasion, the Boer refrained from any attempt to take the hill by direct assault in a body ; bat as independent sharpshooters they kept up an incessant rifle fire until near night fall. In accuracy of shooting, and in the skill wiih which they sheltered themselves, they proved to be superior to the defenders of tho hill ; they drew off at Inst with a loss of 12 killed and wounded, but the defenders had actu ally lost six times as many. The sharpshooting skirmishes hudf put no less than half the forco they wero attacking hors de combat. After the withdrawal of the Boers. Colley, whose horses were uearly all killed, with great difficulty succeeded in saving tbe gutis, dotted all over as they were -with splashes of the Boer bullets ; and by a desperate night march he regained his camp under cover of darkness with tbe remnant of his forces. England had to learn by bitter experience that valor without good shooting is but a waste of the lives of her bravest sons'. The spirit and staunchness of tbe British troops were admirable ; and Colley's own letters warmly acknowledged the fact. But as shots they were com pletely outclassed. Reinforcements now begin to arrive. Colley's force nt the front, which had suffered so heavily in these two engage ments, was strengthened by the arrival f-( the 92nd Highlanders, fresh from their victories in Aiguamstan ; ana with them he resumed the offensive. This time he decided to avoid making a direct attempt on Laing'8 Nek, Colley had promised the survivors of the 58:b to give them another chance of trying conclusions with their opponents : and to seize Majuba be took with him a force composed of three companies of tbe 92nd, two OS the obtb, and two ot the 00th, supplemented as before by a naval contingent. By a skilful and . daring march on the. night bf . 25th February, he occupied, without oppo sition, this post of vantage, which appeared to bim impregnable. ' We could stay here for ever,' he remarked to his chief of staff when daylight re vealed the nature of the ground on which they stood ; and he sat down ih fancied security to hold it till further reinforcements should arrive, in-' tending then to make with their aid a combined movement against the Nek, But, unfortunately for Coney, the posi tion he had seined was not so Btrongbs he had imagined. The Majaba Moun tain was what Western Americans wovld call a belted .mesa; it was a flat-topped, a rather a saucer-topped height, with a belt of perpendicular cliffs running round it a little lelow the summit, broken only here and there by a few gullies, through which access to tho summit might be gained from tho lower slopes. These lower slopes were steep, and the upper parts of theiu were ssreened from view from the sum mit by being below the belt of cliff which lookt-.d so formidable to the eye. Technically speaking, they were ' dead ' ground. In his fancied security, Colley omitted to fortify his 'position, the very error which two years before had led to the disaster of Isandula. He allowed his stuff to distribute mdst of his men around the rim of the snucer-shaped basin, where they contented themselves with piling up little heaps of stones.to lie down behind. 'Oh, it's all right, sir ; it's good enough for what we, shall want up here,' said a Highlander con tidently to an observer who suggested that such a protection was hardly sufficient ; and against a dietant enemy perhaps the man was right. The idea of the Boers even attempting to take such a position by storm appsared pre posterous. Alas ! it was not so preposterous as it. fieemeu. as auuu as aayiigat re velled to tho force holding Laing's Nek that their flank was threatened, they began indeed to prepare to send tho waggons to tho roar; but thoy de termined also before retreating to try tho effect of a direct assault; upou Mnjuba. Accoiding to the account given by goneial Sir William Butler, some of thelligblanders showed them selves boMly cu tho sky-line in the mornipg light, shaking their ti-its do fiantly at the hostile camp, wbioh lay 2000 feet below, and of which they could not ace every detail. ' Come up here, you beggars,' they cried ; and if Alfred Aylward may be trusted, 22S Boers -accepted the invitation; Part of the Boer assailants took cover at tucewith their usual skid, and opened a loDg-range fire on the summit of Mnjiiba. This fiie did but - little execution, through o single shot at 9il0 yards mt r'.ally woundol the brave R -mill), commander of the caval con tingent, But, generally speaking, the defenders of the hill took - good ca'o not 'o expose themselves unneces sary to -he tcarkoimausbip ofthe Boetswi-b the result that the actual less iufl vtod by tha 'long-rangs fire j was small. Thorgii iho Boers kept it up iuiussautly all that long summer's muruiLg, scarcely auyoae except poor Rgmilly was touched. Nevertheless, the Boera were not throwiug away their powder for nothing. Thoy succeeded in their ob ject of compelling the defenders of (Continued ou page 4) 