The Miseries of DYSPEPSIA EFFECTUALLY ERADICATED The Case of Itirsf. CLARKE. (From the “ Keptan Times," A'.S. W,j . (UY OCR SPECIAL REPORTER.') Directions were given to our reporter to look up Mrs. Clarke, oC Wo.odroHe Street, Penrith. On calling the pressman received a cordial reception, and, on inquiring about her illness, Mrs. Clarke said : “1 first guessed there was something the matter when I found that I couldn’t do my ordinary work. ;v ; * 4 I felt Restless and relaxed, and if I wanted to go out any where X felt so tired by the time that I had finished dressing that I often changed my mind and took my things off again. Then I began to notice a twitching, pricking pain between the shoulders, which got worse and worse. At night it gave me the most distress, then the anguish of it was so great that night after night I was Not able to Lie Down, but sat up in bed, as it was easier to bear the pain in that position ; and, as for sleep, why, X hardly ever got an hour’s rest from evening to morning.” “So bad as thatY” \- u Yes, and all this time I had a heavy sick headache that never ceased, and my food disagreed with me every lime I took it. After eating 1 felt great oppression on my chest, and X would have given the world to have thrown it up again. But there ib stuck, cold and undigested, till-it turned sour and brought on windy spasms. There was always a nauseous taste in my mouth which nothing could remove. It is no wonder that I was So Thin and Weak, ann of a pallid, unwholesome colour. People n.Ned to say that i looked more like a walking ghost than a human being, but I looked -no worse than I felt. I had to give up trying to work; it was no use, I couldn’t do it. Tortured with unceasing headaches, and harassed by The Never-ending: Pains in my back, life seemed not worth the living, and everything was a misery. Meal times, which, to those who arc in health, is a time of cheerful gathering, only wearied me, for I had no appetite, and only ate when I was actually obliged to.” “Things couldn’t last long like that,* said our reporter. ... .. . . . . You’re mistaken: a. woman takes a lot of killing, for, on and oil*, X was ill for Three Years, and always getting worse.” “ Surely the doctors could relieve you ? ” “ Nothing of the sort; the doctors could do nothing for me. Their physic quite failed in its object. I can’t stop to tell yon now how many different pills and other things I took trying to gel relief. If they were all put together 1 believe the bottles of medicine ami boxes of pills I took would hare filled buckets. Every penny of the money I paid for these tilings Was Utterly Wasted, and X can hardly understand how-my poor body stood it all. It was quite plain that none of these remedies hit off my disease, so I ceased taking medicine altogether; but I grew no better. A sluggish torpor lay heavily on me all day, my eyes were di and swollen, and yet X was not able sleep, and at night I never could find to easy position in which-1 could get & Few • hours’ rest, which I needed so. .badly,, s»-. exceedingly acute were the . >>?. •’ " Tortures- which Affected Me, -' T >'grevv' very -dejeoted.+' A-gyeat) rweightjr bf despair hung-over me like a cloak.' The conversation of my husband and children was not-able to-arouse or interest me. Lower and lower I sank, and got weaker* and weaker, till very often I thought that my spark of liie.w.as going out, and that I wjis .about to die. Medicine had scemcdl useless, and I coutil not see a gleam of hope any where, and yet-, at. last, 1 found a remedy That Defeated the Disease ■which had hold of me,-” - “Yes, what?” “Clements Tonic. I was repeatedly advised to. take it, hut I put it down aa being about as much use as the other things which I had swallowed. Hut I was quite out of my reckoning, for.dvhcn I did' give in and commenced, to lake it, An Immense Difference was easily seen in my general health after only one large bottle. The dull appearance about the eyes gave place to a brighter and. healthier look. X soon took a pleasure in reading and the company of friends, who complimented me upon Rfiy marked Improvement. .1 obtained four more bottles of Clcmcntar Tonic. It lirought my strength back splendidly, and iny headaC-he and the pains in my back gave me less trouble and pain after every dose. I felt quite sprightly ami lively in tin: daytime, instead of heavy ami stupid as 1 used to do, and at night, note feeling any pain to speak of, long sleep began to bo a regular tiling. No day passed but w-liat 1 was a step further towards iny ' usual vigorous health. Once I sent my food away, but now I called for more, anti it dill me good, digested easily, and I began to fill out all over. 1 avoided any elia.ni.-e of a relapse by slicking to Clements Tonic even utter I thought X was convalescent. All traces of Pain anti Disease were Dissipated, and I was robust and vigorous again, thanks' to that- line remedy, Clements Tonic, and I need hardly toll yon I’m never now without a bottle in the house. It cured'me. You see 1 am in perfect health now; I hope I uvea, shall he. No one knows The rflisery and Despair -of one in ill health except those who suOor it. I am glad to give the credit to Clements: Tonic. It- did worlds for me, and I don’t care who knows it, for you nr Clements Tonic people can publish what I've said in any way you like. STATUTORY DECLARATION. I, Fasnv Ci.aki.'C. of Commercial Street, Pen riih, in the Colony of New South Wales, do solemnly and sincerely declare that I have carefully read the annexed document, consisting of eight folios and consecutively numbered from one to eighty and that it contains and is a tme arid faithful account of my illness and cure by Clements Tonic, and also i—ritains iny full permission to publish lire . one in any way: and I make this solemn > -olaration conscientiously believing the same to l.o > no, and by virtue ot tile provisions of an Act made and passed ill tile ninth year ot the reign of her present Majesty, intilnted "An Act for ihc more effectual abolition of Oaths and Affirmation? - taken and made in the various Departments of ther Government of New South Wnles, and to suhstiliilo Deolarations in lieu thereof and for ttio suppression of voluntary and extra judicial Oaths and Affidavits.*' Declared at Penrith this Olh day of August, onft thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, before me. ALFRED COLLESS, J.P. 