IX FULL CRY. ~T'r~.. By RIGHABD-MARSH, Author of "Xhe Beetle—As-Mystery," ' "The ~ Crime and the Criminal," '"Tlie Datchet Diamonds," "Mrs. Musgraveand •Eer'"Husband," "The~Womah-with One ^Hajnd," &c.;,-&c.; .^Published by special arrangement with the ' • ' author. All rights reserved.] £&b; — >:i* CHAPTER XVII. —{Continued). . - He stood up,' remaining motionless, with head. a. little bowed, as it looking down at the eilent'figure which was at his side. • "Where shall I find the wherewithal .with, which' to buy her food? _ I've begged ."•—begged!" He laughed—again that un comfortable laugh • which had. set her shivering.. "I've not found, the profits ' which they say the trade brings, in. .Per haps -that's- because I am; unpractised. There's no lime ; to. gain proficiency. 1 must get food for .'.her to-night; and—for • ine.' Put how? ,How?. With.nothing how shall;! get something? -How ? How?" ''She isaw"him shudder. He threw up his ■ arms, as if, in so doing; he strove .to throw from'off his! mind some sort of horror. : 7 - "What devils hunger makes of us! "What devils. -Or else "it lays us. there!" , He pointed to where, he perceived the silent figure on. the mattress at his feet. Turning, ; he ' began to move hurriedly, jerkily,'.to and fro, as if he: was endeavor: ing,; under pressure, to resolve a problem in. his bewildered brain.- Words- came from I him' in disconnected phrases. • . . "There is not time. I could not do it if there were. An hour or two, it may be , too late: Money—money—at • once, or not at-all. They must' bury, thoughj'it seems, they are not forced to keep alive; that's how it stands." He paused, in his nervous - movements, as if to consider. A name came from his lips, as if unconsciously. ■ , ; . "Shapcott? Shapcott?" .Then, as if • waking,'all at-once, to 'comprehension. of the thing which lie had said, he extended ■ his arms in a burst of sudden passion. "Curse:him! Curse him! May he be treb ly damned!" "Again he dropped beside the imaginary . pallet, this time .on both his knees. "Pollie! - Pollie! 'Pollie!" he murmured, his. yoice, which increased the streams which were pouring down the listener's cheeks. ".Don't lie there so still—don't, don't! Open your eyes—look up at me— ; apeak- to me, Pollie, speak." But, apparently, his appeal remained unheeded; On liis face, as revealed by the .firelight, was an agony" of supplication. .i''x*oUie! Pollie! Pollie!" he. murmured, over and over again. • Then, he sprang back to- his-feet, with a sudden access of determination. "She- shall not- die, that is certain; not ■ -if. any action of mine can keep her alive. There are ways and means of getting money—always ways and means. I have : heard it said a hundred thousand times —I know it of my own knowledge. "Why should I stop to consider what things are lawful when there's death to fight. Against that foe all things are lawful, God knows! JDeath comes quick; 'he-does not wait, cap in hand, for you to stand considering. You must beat him with any weapon—yes, at . once!—now!—or you'll be beaten; and that defeat there's no retrieving. God knows! I'll go .at once to Shapcott, and I'll beg of-"ham'for;her life." . - He -hesitated, as if he had -still not.suc ■ ceeded in' bringing himself quite to the stieking-point. Then, once more, -knelt down. ■ - . i / . ."Pollie, it's for you. God help us both!' •He bent -his head right over, as if stoop ing to- kiss the /face of the silent figure which was..lying:, on. thevpallet. . 'And, in deed,, the listened seemed -to feel his lips touch- hers. • -■/ When againJie rosertorliis feet, his words /.-• and manner suggested fthat the scene in his vision had changed, as, in our dreams, ■scenes do change,, with kaleidoscopic, sud denness. . His attitude assumed a rigidity of horror which it was unpleasant even to contemplate. He stood. ;so that the- fire shone on his features; nothing- in the ex ; pression of iliis face, or in liis bearing, was -hidden from the girl staring, all •trembling, | from, her corner. - ■ He looked like a man might look who i sees a ghost; as. if he were_ compelled to I glare, willy-nilly, at some object- of horror, , • the mere sight of which froze the blood •in. his veins. . As Pollie waltched some thing-of- the horror- w-hich'-hcld him as in I a .rice passed from -.him: to -her, so that she became .an. involuntary -sharer-in his night mare agony." , He: was staring- downward at the floor, with-parted .Hps,'-, wide-open eyes, as ' if! there were something there to which -his : glance was riveted. He continued to stare ' so-- long,so-.-fixedly,.' without -moving, or, ''•apjArenffly, • ; drawing. breath,-, that liis strained pose began almost to' suggest paralysis—-some dreadful- form -of tetanus .which held him rigid. t It was a relief when, at last, a tremor passing over him, with a long, deep- drawn ' sigh, he seemed to return -to -life. For some seconds he/swayed to and; fro as if he were, about to fall. Then, all at once, drawing' • himself quite " straight ' he looked round ; tlie . room, with unconscious, glassy . eyes. / Then- back, 'went his glance to "the floor. Something of Oris former dreadful look re turned. He muttered to-himself a name, hoarsely— "Shapcott? ' Sbapcott?" As if startled:, by the'sound; of his own voice, .again. he looked about him, with the 'same' unseeing eyes. Once "more they returned to the something which he seemed to see lying at his feet. He slightly in clined. his head. "Is it yon? "What—what are you doing there?" He paused, as if for a: 'reply. "Shapcott!" 'Another pause.'> ^"What— what are you doing there? Why don't you speak to me? Shapcott!" For the third time 'liis oblivious gaze ■passed round the room. "I thought I heard a ri-oise: • Yet it all seems still. How still! I wonder what's made the world . eo still! Shapcott! .- ■ Whythe deril won't he speak to me? - Why the'devil? I sup pose it is Shapcott. I can't see him with his .-face turned down.- Shapcott!" He reached;out-his foot,-as if touching something with his toe. Then he put his hind up to his throat -as if laboring for breath. His voice haffiiecome curious I mustn't stand here, 'doing northing, like a fool; I must do some: thing; I must find out whafs the matter | .with' Shepco6t:".V . V .. ' .- • . .. TTa IcKFened hsmself 011 to one-Knee, gin gerly extended 'las right hand, and start ed/back witii a cry. ; • "He moved! • I thoujffit.he moved! He was trembling as with palsy; the sweat stood in beads upon his brow. "I" was "mistaken. It was a delusion— one of those delusions which come to peo ple whose nerves are overstrung. ■ Where was-I reading about tricks .which, can be played - with - the eyes? - Besides, why shouldn't Die move? I'm a fool. Shap cofcfc!" ....... Again;'he-advanced Ids 'hand. ..and again withdrew. A ttt, 'T seem.to be afraid to. touch jura. Why should-I be afraid? It's absurd. - It's only Shhpcbtt, I'm all run down, that's what's the mischief. I wonder what's in that bot tle-?'.' ' *. i"\He got up gild, thkmg.two.br three steps, went through the-action 'of-taking up a bottle, and putting it to his nose'. "It gmolls like whisk-1*, Sbaucott, may I have«ome'-of "your whisky?' There must be something wrong, or he would certainly say no. I shall 'interprefr your' silence as implying -consent. Here's to your, health, ^ Shapcott, aud your i happiness,. wherever you are." He made as if he raised^a bottle to'-bis line, and drank from it—a big drink. "Why, he's on the floor!" ; He laughed; seldom did laughter seem to be a thing so little to he desired. ,'He re turned to where be had previously stood. "Come, let?s make-aA end of - this; •. To see if anything ails Slifipeoft really—if so, .what. Perhaps he's drunk." *' V . Once more that undesirable- laughter. 'Again be knelt, this time on both knees. "How,' Shapcott. rouse vourself; don't lie" there like a'lOg.: If it's-'a-.triqir you're play ing it's in worse taste even than some of the other tricks you've played on me. What's the matter with you man?" Again bis band went out, not on this oc casion to he immediately withdrawn. . He Beemed' to' be'touching something with un willing fingers. • "Shapcott! His arm is limp, there seems to be.no pulse. How still he is! God in heaven! He's dead!". • The words burst from his lies' with a cry in which ar.guMi, horror, and surprise were mingled. The discovery—it seemed to be a • ffiscoyery which he had made—appeared to overwhelm. him. The stupefaction .which wis mirrored on his countenance was the apparent outcome of a dozen, different emo tions. • At that moment he looked like «t man who was unable to believe the evi dence of his own senses, and-feared to. ■ He covered his face with., his hands, trembling; removing them,he looked , about him as it frightened by the shock of, some Unlooked-for, some incredible-event. . He clambered to his feet, awkwardly, as if not wholly master of iiis limbs. His fear ful glances wandered, hither end "thither. •'How can it have happened?" , His own question went unanswered. ■ llecollection seemed to corne to him. ' "Perhaps Pollie's —dead—of hunger. God help us all!" Again, he put his hands up to his face, shivering. Presently, he seemed to mako an effort to better play the man. "Well, since, what's done "is done, there's no undoing it; that, I take it, is an axic-m. How it came to he done is hardly matter for my present. consideration. Am judge and jury? Or is it my office to sit upon the. corpse, or to place a prisoner at" the bar? Go to! these, tilings belong to others.- I came for money, and what be hoves me is to go with it. Perhaps -there's money in his pockets—or in- a drawer. But, no doubt the drawer is locked; and for his pockets, I'll .none of them, they're much too close. Even yet I'm not brought far enough to pilfer from a corpse—of who ever's making.' If T can't have money I'll have its -worth; There! there's gold in them, and, maybe, life for Pollie." Taking- a step or two-to one side, he made as if he picked up something—some small object with either -hand; then, with a sudden start he looked round. His voice, was raised; eager words broke from his lips, "Who's that? It's someone outside the window; I heard him move! I saw him go! • ■ Perhaps • he did ■ it—that's how it happened. Stop there, stop! Who are you "running away with the stain of blood-guiltiness upon your soul? Stop! stop! stop!" lie rushed to where the curtains shroud ed a.window, and .began tearing at the hangings with impetuous haste, as if he strove, witii might and main." to get at something which was beyond. Pollie, standing up in the corner, ran to him, and put her arms about him. ■ "Gentleman! - ■ ■ Gentleman1.: Don't! don't!" It's me—it's Pollie?" : She was crying as if her heart would break. , At the sound of her voice, at the touch of her arms,-he relaxed his violent assault upon the curtains: He was still. - Then he began to shiver till Pollie thought that he would never stop. She hold him clcse ly to her, as if she hoped to . soothe and calm him by' the strenuosity oL.lier . em brace. ."S'sh! s'sh! It's me! it's Pollie! Don't you know me. Gentleman ?" By. degrees his shiverine grew less. Pre sently he turned and looked at ther with consciousness. "Pollie? Tha.nk God, it's you. T think —that I've been dreaming; but I'm glad— I've "woke-^-to find you here. You mustn't leave me—ever.'"' ' '' "Ho, Gentleman, I won't—never—as long as I live!" ". .". ' The flame in the fireplace died down, the room was all in darkness. ' . "Pollie! Pollie! Pollie!" , . He'eould be heard repeating the name, a little faintly.-in the sudden blackness, as if the sound of it brought solace to his soul. . . She held him in her arms,' supporting him' as if he had been : some weakling child, raining kisses .on his faee.'while her scalding tears dropped, on his haggard cheeks, embracing him, striving to comfort him, crying out her heart, all in a breath. ■ TTo be continued from day to day till. finished.! . ' , . 