LOCAL NEWS. Spouts — The Armidale and Tam- wortli Holiday Associations united at Woolbrtiok on Thursday for a day's sport, a special train running -from each centre. A good time was spent by lite, visitors, a merry-go-round being one of the attractions. Destructive Frosts. — Mr. M. Sweeney has cut a large quantity of his maize which was injured by frost last week. A Change. — Mr. L. Erratt, who has just recovered from a mild attack of typhoid, has returned to Maitland, to resume his engagement with the I Northern Woulscouring Co. Death of Horses. — "Old Sun,"' a well-known local horse, got. into a crop, and eating too much, gave up the ghost. — Daylight, a useful bay, belong ing to Mr. Hardaker, died on Thursday night after being driven to Uralla races. — Mr. J. Marshall's black horse while being caught in hobbles on Thursday, fell and broke its neck. Hospital Patients. — The young man Wellard has been discharged cured, and two othets named John Roach and Baker have been admitted. .Sickness, — Mr. E. Doughan, the obliging night porter at Walcha Road, is at present absent on sick leave, hav ing been unwell for several days past. "Tur.ee Castlf,s Cigarettes," — The Cigarette of tlio day is the " Three Castles " j It is the best, the most largely consumed, and the most appreciated. This is amply and decidedly proved by the active demand and large sales. More Joy! — Tt is said that on the voyage from England .Mr. J. R. Con- nal lost his heart to a bright English lady who was coming to Australia. The wedding took place in Sydney a few days ago. ' Signet Tobacco '" — When James Mont gomery wrote : " A day of such serene en- juynient spent, were worth an age of splen did discontent," He knew nothing of the serene enjoyment to be obtained from smok- ingU be " Signet " Tobaccos, but somcihing of tire kind must have been in bis mind. parents and' guardians, girls and boys, You've heard m church tiie woeful noise Of coughs and sniii's, in winter time. U liich spoils the service so sublime? Then note : — h'jr each t n; remedy sere Is W. IVjodi' O.e.it Peppenn-nt Cure. Social. — Tlmnuci,. promoted i\ i- members of the Presbyterian Churn!, with the object of reducing tin; building fund debt, was a great success on Thursday night. The rink was full, and the gathering gave one the impres sion that a hospital ball was being held. 