OHUROH. OF ENGLAND. MISSION SERVICES. A TEN dayb' misiOn 'ia being hold in hbo oathedral parish.' e'lo'mesionors are the Revs. W. I. CastrSmlhb, reolor of S. James', Sydney, and P. WY. Wise, reootor of Oralfres, Both Australia, both men of much experioco. in this kind of worki'" TioTy oarriddin obui. born by touislt train on? oSaturday, and sere m?etby the looal clergy. - The cmeo ovouing a reception' orvie'- waoo held in the cathedral and was well attended. The serviano.onalanod in the Durham mission hymn-book was oned and the opiritual cbarge of the parish was handed over by Canon Pritobard.to the missloners. The Rew. Mr. Carr-Smith then gave an oloqueoont and im pressivo address on Chriet's promseo that He will send the Holy Ghost. He said that mission was the influence of that Person of the Trinity. At 8 and 0.45 o.m. yohterday there wero celebrations of the communion, the latter belng choral; there wae a fair number of communicants. At mattins prayers were said by COnon Pritahard and the Rev. Mr. Wise prenohed on earnest sermon upon Christl calls to Man. There was a large congregation. A children's service was held in the alter noon, and was attended by tboochildren of the various Sunday-oshools in the parishband Obrist Church obhool. The Roev. Mr. Corr. Smith delivered an instructivo address. At four p.m. a servioo for men was hbld in the obaliedral, at whioh over a hundred wore present. Thov. MR. Mr. CarrtSmith gave an addroone on . Paul's admonition to the Epheldande ow; b 0- otrong "in thoe Lord. He opoke for.about three-quarters of an hour and throughout kept the attention of his listonero. Shortly alter nix p.m. the mission ohoir, Canon Pritchard, and th gRov. Mr. Wish loll the cathedral and hold open-air o0aerios at, Mr. C. W. Farnoe'o corner and at the White' *Horse Hotel. Large crowds were gathered and Iletoned atotentivly to tbo speaker, Mir. Wise. Evonsong was hold, in the cathedral at oeven, wbhen there was an immence congre gation. Canon Prlhobard oaid prayers, and oev. Mr. Carr-Smith preached an eloquent sermon, in which he spoke of the evil effects of ein upon the health of the soul, and appealed to his listeners to apply the remedy provided by the death of Chriot. An instruo lon mooting followed. During the week there will bo daily com munion at eight a.m. with earlier oelebrations at six on Toesday and Thursday, and mattios at elovoi ooeah day, open-air oorvioos (seven to eight), and mission service with instruction at eight. Mr. Carr- Smith proeached at Ohriot Church yesterday morning and Mr. Wise at EsoL. grove last evening. NiobolaB', Nouin ~nolburn, y'enterduy. Oaoon "Kingeuill Rae at Young. 