[?] CHAPTER IX. 1 T wns a bright autumnfnorn- -A, ing when Roy Polo arrived at Dnrrell station. Ho had not wired hjs possiblo arrival to iGauntlett Count. This was be cause nono of tho family lad the slightest idea that the unknown relative— tho 'horrid man,' as : Alys Jiud onco called him, when she found out that at least a por tion of her father's property had to lapse to hiin in some mystori- ipus way — was hearing down upon thenj Jjko a wolf upon tho fold, npd partly becauso ho wished, for reasons of his own, to take jthem by surprise. So ho passed through tlio station unnoticed, and chartered tho only fly at tho villingo inn. It wns an old Teliiolo, with worn- out springs and patched and dusty cushions, and it rattled through tho lanes and along the roads in a very ibone-shaking fashion. Dcspito the discomfort, Mr. Polo enjoyed the drive. The natural beauty of the open country always had on extraordinary influence over him, which he thought was a IUUUUUJJU. xuuu IU face with green fields, placid Woodlands, and streams reflecting ialm skies, his emotions seemed to awaken. Ho looked almost yearningly at the woods in their golden glpfy, at the' green slopes .of the pnrk, -at tho herds of duer tossing their antlers under the liugo old trees. He glanced almost wistfuljy at tho sleek horses that swerved and trotted off us tho carriage-wheels grated on tho gravelled drive ; even the rabbits spudding . about among the bracken soomed enviablo in comparison with liimsilc; for ho thought, with a pang, ns the great white stouo mansion name rn view, crowning " the highest slope of tho park with its marble facade, galleries, terraces, and Italian- gardens, that here was IlfftejCAskct containing somcr secret —perhaps some foul, dark secret which might poison many lives — and that lie was the man to whom tho koy was intrusted ; ho had hound himself a few hours before to unravel tho mystery; nnd to find Sir Lionel, alive or dead. He did not know which car- rjago road led to tho maiu en trance, nor did his driver, who hod not boon to Gaqutlctt Court before; but tin old man hoeing the gravel told them tho way. In n few minute.- tho lumbering fly drove into the quadrangle, Mr. Polo alighted, and tho man drove off, leaving him confroi-tcd by a powdered footman, vvho opened tho door with an .eager pxpectunl look. 'From Scotland Yard?' this . pinn whi.-percd, with a mysteri- ous guiuoo urounu, as u tno . ptatues ytoight hear and under stand. ' We expected you yes terday. Lord Conway was to scud you, and her ladyship was anxious — at least, wo thought so, v you kno,\y— because you had not pome.' 5 Can I see her ladyship?' asked Mr. Pole, who had rapidly ponsidered, and had determined to toko alviuitage of the foot man's mistake, at all events for the present. ' She's' piit iii the grounds with Miss Ellp tiow,' was tho reply ; shut we'(l seitd for hor. Pleaso porno this way— you won't have to lyiiit long.'- The man— a :. young fellow ..pained Henry, who \vns given to the perusal of \ penny dreadfuls,' with horrible inprders, or at least revolting suicides, in each plumber — had thoroqghly enjoyed his life since Sjr. Lionel's disap pearance, IIo had bopii foremost in the pond-dragging and covert- searcliipg. His suggestions as to the possible fate of his master >vci'o soul-thrilling and blood- curdling. Tho housekeeper ryas wont to declare .tjpitji talk with Henry fi-oze tlio marrow of her bones ; and the bntlor, who was proud of his common-sense, look- pfl .askance nt him as 'a young fool who, if ho didn't tuk'o care Would come to no good.' But Henry was undisturbed by tlio opinion of bis superiors below stairs, and iiiced seemed to , batten and fatten upon the (Jcppcnjng mystery of Sjr Lionel's fate. Mr. I'olo could not sup press a smilo as ' ho watched- Hciiry preceding him on tip-too till -he reached a certain door, which ho opened gingerly— bec koning mysteriously the while— and closed upon him with ox- tremg care. . Roy Pole found himself in the blue drawing-room of Gaunt let!; Court. Ho saw white, walls. 1 blue furniture, long windows with gay garden scenes beyond. Then something white sprang up. It was Alys" jn a whit0, cashmere morning- gown, who l'oso from the basket-chair where slio lind been sitting crying diligently since breakfast. " " ' Oh, dear mo 1' she" , cried, as tho two stood staring at eaoli other. Roy Pole saw a graceful, ethereal, timid-looking creature with a pale olenv face, delicate features, and big brown appeal ing eyes. Alys was amazo.d to find in tho eagerly looked-for detective a tail, dark, middle- aged gentleman — unmistakably a gentloman— his bow convinced her of that. 'My mother' — she paused to take 'breath, her astonishment was so great to find that a de- tectiyo — an individual slfb had imagined as a small, stealthy, sllllhbilv-dl'ossed erenturn with questionable finger-nails and pos- ' sibly a squint— was so much like a gontleninu that sho really be lieved he was ono—' my mother,' she repeated, ' is anxious to see you. She will bo glad to hoar that you have come. Wo— my sister and I — conxedjicr to take a little walk in the gardens. I will send for her.' ' Your man servant has already done so,' said Roy Pole, gravely, still 6taudit-g, in tho character of detectivo, hat iu hand. ' Oh !' says Atys. Then, aftor hesitating for a momont,' she said, ' May I speak to , you ? People think I don't care about papa's going away like this. But I do care very much indeed. May I talk to you about it ?' she aded almost coaxingly. 'Ever since the first day , when papa's letter was found, every ope has been so uncomfortable and mysterious that I began watching for myself, 'and what- pver I have thought funny — I don't mean funny, of course — I mean ourious — I have put down in a pookot-b,ook.' She drew otifc" a little Russia- leather book from tho satchel hauging at her side, and motion ing Roy Polo to a chair, seated herself "faguin. Shejj tossed' back her little head, with its halo of fluffy golden hair, with such a pretty air of vanity that the lawyer's strong nature was touch ed by this display of weakness. Ho looked, listened, and 6poke \rith tho same feoling that tin otomologist may experience when some frail insect perches on nana wnn quivering wings, soon to be ruthlessly impaled by him as a specimen. ' I .shall ho glad to hear any thing that you may please to tell mo, Miss Gauutlett,' he said, us a deteotivo might sppjik, while committing himself to no un truth ; ' I have come here to do my best to traco Sir Lionel Gauntlott;, and every scrap of information regarding his- dis appearance is valuable to mo.' 'Then I know somothing J dnvo not tell my mother,' said Alys hurriedly, glancing round as tho footmen Henry had glanced round in tho hall. ' Pa pa's valet — oh, such a clever, reliable n\an though ho is an Italian ! — ;cnmo to mo yesterday whqn Ijjwos crying in the library — I .wasn't crying for father, be cause,. altliougiriElhi thinks he is dead, I don't; fwns crying about soinetliing quite different. But Lpdovico— that's the nnmo of papa's valet — thought I was ; so ho tried to comfort me. He has an idea tlmt papa is not far off, and that thojotlierjnight ho earnc back — that ho was here, , in this very liouso.1 Jffinafc is, encourag ing, is it not'?'' ' Encouraging ?' | Mr, ; Pole l.opked astonished. ' Why, of course— don't you see ?' Alys's opinion of tho' deteptivo force was already lower ed by tho Booming dulnuss of her interlocutor. '. Our. ) great fear Was that ho did something rash in 0110 of his quiet rages. People think liiui a culm, reasonable man ; but I liavo scon his whito rages when others haven't. If he came" back, lie must bo alive and well enough to move about, mustu't ho?' ' Certainly,' said Mr. Pole, assuming a puzzled air. 'But— excuse me, I don't quite under stand. You say that your father's valet, 'a clover, reliablo man, although he is an Italinn' — tlioso were your .words, I think — has an idea that Sir Lionel return ed. Why? When? How?' 'Ah' said Alys mysteriously, ' I have it all here 1' She open ed her little pookot-boolc with an air of enjoy mont, sho road aloud— - September 18tli. — Ludovico has made this statement to mo to-day — I write it down as ho spoke it, to tho best of my be lief — ' Mademoiselle, I know, I feel sure Sir Lionel is alive, so do not frot.' I asked him. why he thought so. ' Mademoiselle,' ho went on, 'two"!, nights?" ago I go out to sup with tho post-mas ter at Darrell, a friond. I not mean to stay late, but I did stay till twelve o'clock. I left all my rooms i.n tho turret and tho - outer door locked ' (' bien formecs ' was his way of putting). ' When I come homo, what do I find ? Tho turret door open — marks of footsteps on tho 6tairs. I knock for hor ladyship. North came and say her ladyship in bed some timo. I know some man up thoso stairs by the foot steps. In tho morning Lmoasure those marks ; they tho same as Sir Lionel would have made. Then, ot the bottom of the stairs, I find his glove.' Hero hb handed mo my dear father's glove, with ' L G' written inside. ' My father always insisted on every thing ho used being marked,' added Alys, in a husky voice ; and Mr. Pole saw tears on hor long curved oy clashes. I expeet that is all I know that you don't know,' sho said, suddenly closing her pocket-book. 'Mako what you like of it. I said to Ludovico that it was rather extra ordinary that ho should think my father would run away, and then come back as if ho were a ghost 1 I can't help being sceptical or stupid or both ; but fhich a proceeding on tho part of father seems to me absurd and impossible.' Mr. Polo snw that beneath the frivolous spirit there lay a certain amount of 'keenness and. logical reasoning power rare in d woman. This strango mixture of witohery nud womanhood fascinated him. 'I must tell hor whtf I' nm,' he was flunking, with a twingo of splf- repronch nt hnving, 'as .it wero, botrayed hor into sppnliing out ffcr innermost thoughts as lid felt sho never would have spoken had she known who ho really was. He was slrangly reluctant to confess his identity. Alys lind beeq so frank, so charming, so intensely interesting, he dreaded seeing her recoil and shrink from him. Ho was shivering at the contemplation of a cold plunge into actual truth, when the door opened, and Lady Gauntlott cntpred tho room. Roy Polo rose, confounded, astonished. He fancied himself frco from imagination — practical, ordinary ; but_tho fact was that ho was exceedingly imaginative. Ho had imagined the second Lady Gauntlott to bo lanky and bony, a creature with a prominent arcli to hor nose .and disdainful oyes. He had ncbrd hor spokon of as an aristocratic beauty, but ho had not imagined the queenly loveli ness that ho sa\v, Tho woman who entered the drawing-room might have stood as a model for Marie - Antoinette during her martyrdom — tho palo boautiful face with tho candid brow, the sad eloquent eyes, tho silvery hair drawn upwatd under a whito muslin cap. Lady Gauntlett wore a black dress of some cling ing material, and a whito muslin kerchief was looped with cureless grace about hor shoulders. Sho advanced towards him with a slight incliuation of tho head. ' From— -r-' Sho said just that ofao word, then stopped abruptlv. Thismicht bo any one. Her cotnmon sense told hor that this gentleman was not the Scotland Yard employee sho had expected 1 1 beg your pardon, sir,' sho said, indicating a chair with a guesturo whioh was melancholy, languid, almost pitiful iu suoh a woman. I have not been told your name, so I do pot know to whom I have tho pleasure of speaking.' ' Madam,' said Roy Polo, who folt strangely moved in this wo man's presence? but whether tho sensation was aversion or repul sion ho could not toll — 'I am your husband's — Sir Lionel's — nephew by marriago ; and, hear ing of your trouble, I felt it my duty to offer you my assistance, I am a barrister,' Lady Gauntlott's palo fapp bo- cam o livid. For ono instant she closed her oyes, then she oponcd them again and turned them full on her visitor. .' ' You are Mir. Roy Polo ?' slie said. 'Iam,' ho replied. Then he made some excuse for not having nnnounoed iliimsolf in duo form. ' I quite understand, sir,' snid Lady Gauntlott, smiling a snd ironical smile. -' I am much ob liged to you for your kinduess in coming to us— uninvited. Alys dear, go to your sister.' She stood with her back turned towards Mr. Polo until Alys.diad closed the door, then sho sat down. ' I do not deny your right to bo. hero, Mr. Pole,' sho bogan with digni ty. 'You aro my husband's heir, and as such are frco of Gauntlett Court. But oxouso pie if I say that I cannot seo hovy you can jiolp us. Until my husband dis poses his present place of rosi- donpe nothing can be done.' ' Yot Lord . Conway told mo you havo boon making onergotio efforts to seproli the neighbour hood thoroughly,' ho. said coldly. ' Lord Conway !' sho stammer ed, tho blood first£ru8hing to hor face, then receding, and leaving her more ghastly n\yhite than be fore. 'Lord Conway,', he ropeated firmly, leaning forward tho better to watch her. He was on his mettle after-noting her change of countenauco when tho name of her daughter's promised husband was mentioned. ' I am authori sed to say that Lord Conway feels too deeply on the subjeot of Sir Lionel's disappearance — he na turally would do so — to under take any further responsibility in tho matter. Therefore he' appealed to me as one who did not know your estimable husband, and who would therefore be unprejudiced.' Lady Gauntlett bowed her head. Her hands lay — slender, white, dead-looking things — upon her lap. ' You have soon Conway ?' sho said, almost inaudibly. 'I havo,' acknowledged Mr. Pnln TT„ ,f : uiu iu iiuogcaoiuu of all, or nearly all the facts con nected with Sir Lionel's disap pearance,' 'It was very kind of Lard Caaway,' said Lady Gauntlett, evidently making an effort to re- recover herself. \- ' It was,' assented $oy Pole honestly — 'ind to ine in that he ft-asted" mo by repute ; kind to all, because when such a ease as this occurs in a family which numbers a lawyer amoug its off shoots, it is better to have the legal ill you know than the legal ill you wot not of. Lord Conway seems to mo a right down good fellow, aud in all he has told mo I can detect but one mistake in his doings. 'Aud that ?' Lady Gauntlett held, her head disdainfully. 'And that,' said Roy Pole very gravely, 'is that Lord Conway — at least, let us say Lord Conway — began his searoh wide of the mark.' ' I do not understand you, sir,' said Lady Gauntlett haughtily. ' I can soop explnin,' replied Mr. Pole coolly. When Lord Conway began his searoh for Sir Lionel, ho did not search the house. The first action qf the professional doteotivps will bo to searoh tlio house. Do you uuder- stand now, Lady Gauntlett ?' Ho had not intended to say this. Ho had not intended to torture this beapfiful woman. But sho enraged him — bo did not kno\y vhy prhow. TO BE CONTINUED. 