THE GHOST AT TANTALLQN. AUSTRALIAN STOBY. CHRISTMAS BI W.W; - Said Colonel Pojnte, the new proprietor of Tantallan Station property, to his friend, Mr Here ward, as they sat on the verandah of the sew homestead, "Could there be a wider difference between this and the scenes in which ire spent our last Christmas?' •"Scarcely, it. is very beautifgl, but. dreadfully ward- looking and lonely. Those plains to the right seem to be interminable, and the far line of bills are like the hazy clouds at sea that make landsmen believe they are land. That dark trasUand seems grim enough to be the haunt of evil things, and the creek winding down there amid its fringe of wattle, and rash; gleams in the moonlight like a writhing serpent. You won't like to lire much at TantaUoQ, Poyntz." The Colonel laughed. * s Xo; I'm a gre-' garions being. But the old Hall at home was lordly in its way too. I think I see it now, with the snow lying heavy on the 1 park, and weighing down the branches of the old trees in the churchyard. Tis Christmas Eve, Hereward, and the lights will be blazing to-sight from every window In the (dd HalL There will be holly and ivy in «very cornea:, aye, and mistletoe, JUłd Trassail Triil l)e dmnk wifij many a Halir and ghost stories will be told while the Yule log is blazing. By the way, I suppose-there are no ghostly "legends in Australia; the country is too yonng." _ • Tt is as old as ours, and the natives 1 have known it I can fancy the spirits of the dark race stalking ova* the plains that were once their own, and wailing the coming of the paleface, who had almost exterminated their tace, with his train of disease and drink." Again light-hearted Colonel Poyntz laughed. "You bad always a romantic vein in you, Here ward. I never even believed in the family ghost at Poyntz HalL" "I didn't know there was one." "You may ask my mother about that She believes as firmly in it as does every one of the old servants. A famous ancestor of ours, who was beheaded in the time of the second Charles, is " in the habit of perambulating the terrace-on the anniversary of his death, with his head nnder his arm. Now could absnrdity go farther than such a belief ? Jacob," and the Colonel called to an elderly man who was passing the end of the verandah at that^noment. "Yes, sr." "Have yon any ghosts in Australia?" "You needn't go far to find one, sir. There's one appears down below at Old Tantallon." ^TPherers that?' "The old homestead, sir, where old -Duncan used to live when he squatted here ana for years after. Xou can see ihe place there to the right, sir, near the creek among than trees." "A ghost at Tantallon! There yon are, Here ward, I hope you are satisfied. Is It the ghost of a Haekfellow, Jacob?" "No, sir: it's the spirit of a white man, ana a spirit that has the right to appear, for in the body he was murdered. Yon needn't. laugL at it, Colonel Poyntz, for Ife true, and I've seen the spirit of James Wilson myself." "Then there can be no possible doubt that there is a ^iost at Tantallon," returned the colonel; "so sit you down there and tell my friend, Mr Here-ward, tie story. As tor me, I hare some letters to write, and will be out of the way -while yon tell it" Jacob Smith sat down on the edge of the" verandah, and, baring satisfied himself that Mi- Hereward really wished to "hear the story, began It promptly. "It's nearer thirty than twenty year ago since old Duncan came here, and squatted on Government land, and from the beginning he had James Wilson, another elderly Scotchman, with him. I think they were partners, but I'm not sure. I've been on Tantallon ten years inyself now, and ifs five since old Duncan dieo. For. four years Wil son's ghost has appeared at the old homestead every Christmas Eve, and twill appear till his body is found and iraried." "It is not old Duncan's ghost, then?" "No, sir. Tm . going to tell you all about it Old Duncan was one of the meanest men that ever lived, and begrudged himself the very bite he ate. There were continual rows between him and Wilson, who didn't believe in bang stinted of food, clothes and 'baeca. However it was between them about the few bundoed sheep they grazed, and sheared every year, Duncan kept the purse, and stuck to it with a tight grasp; and what luck could the old miser expect"? He died-a. dreadful death this night five years. "I was shepherding on this part of the run then, for the gentleman tbat Colonel Poyntz bought the station from, and, feeding lonely on Christmas eve, for want of a better place, went down to Duncan's. The door was ajar, and after calling out; I went inside. There was 110 fire in the big chimney, and no light in either room. I struck a match, and lit a^bit of candle I found on the table, and then I went info the bed room witb it in my band. "There were two bunks in the back room of the hut, and old Duncan's was -behind the door. I looked there first, and what I saw I will remember only too well to my dying day. Duncan was lying on the bed, dressed as he usually was, £wd between his two hands, clenched, and stiffened on bis breast,-was a email tin pannikin. He was-evidently- *on the point of death, -but Btili -consclous;-.a"rid he.; spoke between his dehebed teeffi tliree wards. "When be, beard nie enter, his rolling eyeballs torned toward me.. As if he had been galvanised, bis bands unclenched, \- and . the pannikin dropped with a rattle to the floor. Bis right Wilson's bunk, and sSSeaed in the position as he said, 'with an effort that was his last, "I've—murdered—Wilson!" 'Here was a. long pause between each word, if lie wanted to fill up the gaps be couldn't bave done it; and as he said the last his body arched stiffly, and in horrible agony lie . gasped bis last breath. No man who . had ever witnessed the action of strychnine conld doubt from -what cause be. died. There was plenty of Etryehnine for use among-the "sheep, and - old JOnncan bad : taken a dose of It" . \- " 'Twag a case of suicide, then?" Mr Hereward asked. ; '"""••. v^'.-"-j-' "There was no doubt of It in the minds of the jury at the Inquest, «ir; he bad -quarrelled with WilBon, and iu the heat of pas&on; ifcerhaps murdered bim. "nien *lus conscience made life an impossibility, and be took bis own." ; J lipiere twas (Wilsótffr.- body - found, tbep?' ' ..... H ;•• "..,•':;-.'••••. "It has -not -been found to tiilB . aay, Eir. / . Old Dunean -was a etrong i jnm^ said Wilson nas notiflead at ail." What reasons bavę vou for certain that be it>, "Jacob?" | *Gopa e o ^ ^ jhato^tbe man's J 'Sjr* J A N U A R Y 14, own dying words to it? Didn't be say I've murdered Wilson? and didn t his hand stiffen in death pointing to Wilson's bed? When I took the candle over to the bunk I saw that there was a pool of blood in it, and the blood was actually bespattered on the walL" "Well, sir, in a year after that awful night George Milton,- a mate of mine, was passing tie old homestead about midnight, a thing he wouldn't have done if he bad been quite sober, though you had given him five pounds to do it The place bad got a bad name through the murder and suicide, and not a man on the run would consent to live in it for love or money. George saw the spirit of Wilson in the old orchard, and; at first thought it was some living being, but when the moon fell npon the awful wbite face he knew it, and ran "I hardly believed it myself, sir, tm til the next Christmas eve, when watched, and saw James Wilson as plain as I see yon. Three times since Tve seen the same spirit, but I never could pluck up courage to speak to it They say, you know, Mr Hereward that if you can speak to a spirit it breaks the spell, and It is allowed to tea you what is troubling it." "I have heard tbat; and what do you think is troubling the spirit of James I Wilson, Jacob?" "His body remains unbnried, sir, o perhaps bis savings are bidden some where about the old place, and he want them , to go to someone near and dear to him In his old Scotch home." At this point there was a laugh from, the open window, and they saw that Colonel Poyntz was sitting inside smok . ing, and" that he had heard the whole story. 'Of course, the poor fellow is looking for his own bones!" he cried, "but he may be thankful he hasn't to carry his head under his arm, as one ghost at ib Hall does. _. Atp you going to interview James Wilson again to-night, Jacob?" "No, sir. I determined that I would never go again. Por weeks after see- Sag it I am quite nervous and upset; for you see, I believe that the dead return iir. though , you do not" And Jacob feeling really angry tbat his ghos story should be made a mockery of rose and went away. "I'm afraid Fve annoyed the poor old fellow," the Colonel said, contritely "but I couldn't, Tor the life of me, help it. Hie whole theory of spiritual re visitations seems to me so uttedy untenable and idiotic tbat I see only the ab snrd side of ghost stories." "What do you say to a ramble down as far as the old homestead to- nightT questioned Hereward; "if there is any thing to see, we should at least sec it" "I have no objection in life, only warn yon that I shall take a revolver and ha ve a shot at the ghost of Tantal Ion If I see it. If there has been any appearance, it has been that of a living man, who Is, for some object of bis own, imposing on the credulity of poo Jacob and other such simpletons, will get my revolver, and go -with you for it is after eleven, and the ghost's hour of release is, of course, the mysti twelve." "From midnight until the first cock crows. Well, Poyntz, in the face of al the wonderful things that none of ou grandfathers conld have credited, ye are becoming assured to us day by day I dare not say that the spirits of deai men and women do not on occasions re visit the eartli." "There is one thing that science has however, never discovered, my friend and that is the spirit itself. Where in the body is it located? Of what essence is it formed? They tell us in the Scriptures that" 'the blood is the life, and that is certain enough; when a man's veins are drained of it he dies But where lies the soul that is "feaid to escape with the life, no ^man-has told os or ever will teU ns. The whole mat ter is one of the Inscrutable mysterie that we shall never know." "Until we know as we are known,' murmured Hereward. "And begin to ramble back to earth on our own account between midnigh and cockcrow!"' cried the irrespressiW Colonel. "Come, lei us see what tbi particular ghost is made of at al erents." The two gentlemen went down by the line of creek following the belt o" bushes on its bank, so as to avoid ob serration, and soon arrived in the shadow of the big trees that surround ed the old but, around which was a visiWe neglect and decay as well as al most the silence of death itself. It was a but of two rooms with a door and two small windows in the front tbat faced the creek. The blind over the windows were torn and soiled Ihe green drip from overhangin branches had made long, slimy track down the slab sides of the lonely look ing tenement The grass had growi long and thick on the threshold—it wa only too evident that not for many years had a footstep crossed tbat doo step. The colonel tried the latch, bu it was fast "Let us go round to the back," he said, "there is sure to be some entrance that way." TŁe back door was open, and • had been so for many a day; the top hinge was broken and the,-door bad dropped some inches from the post The gentlemen entered tbe kitchen into -which some moonbeams penetrated through a small window near the wide chimney. "A gruesome looking place," said Poyntz, as he looked round the room, while his friend stood inside the door, and -was steadily gasing'up the old orchard. There was about an acre of it in which Uie crooked old apple trees had spread broad branches that laid deep shadows on the grass. "Come here, Poyntz," Mr Hereward said, in ą low tone, and the Colonel quickly etood'beside Hin. "There' is a figurenp'yonS^. -I sowita minute.ago/ 'under tbat biggest tree. There it is again and it's moving this way. It Has certainly so. Plainly to be seen, us it crossed slowly, and with apparent unsteadiness, the 1 patches of moonlight between die appls trees/ a tall, thin form, witb bowed shoulders and attenuated frame, moved down . the old orchard. It seemed of a grey hue.' and the bowed head was covered with broad Scotch bonnet. \- "The ghost, .by heaven:" said Colonel Poyntz. as be handled bis revolver. "We'll see now if there's any flesh about it'." Hereward caught his friend's arm. "For Cod's sake stop, Poyntz! Itis a iiv-; ing being. Xoii woild not commit a mnrder ln cold bloodt What a terrible face! The man is HI!" ' The figure was nearing „the hut, evidently with tbe intention of entering by the door at which the friends stood. Both drew back into the deep shadow, at the fronti While the tottering being t entered; holding on by the door post to assist, bis almost helpless limbs to ctoss'tbe threshold. Tbenbe turned, andnttered abitter moan. "For the last time," lie said, as be -looked out on the old orchard, /•SbO&P; tor nothing!" and then Ik turned to . si b'ugh enpboard near, tbe - fireplace/ and jdrew the 3oor to him. lijais g^aemen had renadnedr^ inj^terions being; -WheiL^eaettteriea the «apboaraand drew flie^oiw btińnd Mm. thee was a 4hettffilenee; *There is » cellar. We are on the eve of solving this mystery/' «aid the Colonel. "Follow me," and ^ volver in a convenient pocket be Jit a small lantern be bad thoughtfully provided himself with, and opened tbe enpboard.door. I&hind; it was a row of narrow shelve*, empty, save for old blteof tom paper and a thick coating of.dust The Colonel saw tbat these shelves were attached to another door, for the being who had just passed through had not drawn it Tery closely behind him. Down tbe few steps, formed of worn slates, tbe gentleman went followed closely by Mr Hereward. It was surely a small cellar in which they found themselves, stretching unde the kitchen and partly under the bed room of the hut So near the Colonel's tall bead was tbe floor above that he had to stoop down when he passed under a joist Through a couple of holes low on the ground, outside th faint moonlight was viable, yet the ai -was damp and unwholesome. Xo won der that the face of one who had lived there for years should have been taken for the face of a dead man. A bucket of watepistood near a low stretcher, on which lay tbe form they had seen pass through the kitchen Ghastly, and breathing hard, the mau'a eveballs turned helplessly to the newcomers. He was evidently too ill to speculate or to care on what business they bad come. Poyntz set his lantern on a stool, and, having opened it so that the light should fall upon th wretched bed, he stooped over tbe sic* man. "So," he said, grimly, "you are the ghost of Old Tantallon V" "I am James Wilson," was the reply "and I am a dying man. Whatever i your business l'ere let me die in peaceif I can." Colonel Poyntz unscrewed tbe to from bis pocket-flask, poured a littl spirits into the lid. added water from th bucket at his feet and held it to Wil son's lips. "Drink that; it will enable you to tel us how you managed to make peopl believe you were dead all these years and that old Duncan had murdered you." Wilson swallowed the cordial with difficulty, and spoke hurriedly, "There' no use hiding the truth now, for I'm a dying man. It was not my fault tha people accused old Duncan wrongfully bat I was here in this cellar when Jacob found him dying, and said the words that convicted himself, and I was glad that the murder should no be traced to me." "To you'. What murder?" '"The murder of old Duncan. It wa ine that poisoned him." "Surely yonr mind is astray. Duncan' words were plain enough." "They were misunderstood. What li wanted to say was, Tve been murdered by Wilson.' but the words stuck in hi dying throat as mine are sticking now Oh, God! what a terrible deed, and al for nothing—nothing?' "Tell us about it, if you can. If your words are true the only atonement yon can make to the memory of the old man is to confess your own guilt. Take a few drops more of the spirits and con fess." "It was not all my fault If Duncan had only given me my own he might have "been alive this night. I had an equal share in all, but he cheated me out of it I had hard work to get five shillings, now and then, while he added sovereign after sovereign to his bag until it was so full that it could chink no longer. I couldn't get enough to eat either, and I had no hope at last only that he would die and that I should get alL "Bur. he had no notion of dying, not he, and we lived a life of !ie!l — quarrelling from day to day. I watched bim every hour to find out in what new corner he had hidden his hoard, for he was always changing it about; and when I had a pretty good guess where to lay my hand on it I made up my mind he should never lire to bide it in another place. "One day my chance came. Dnncan felt sick, and began to quake with fear that he should die. We had a few fowls grubbing about the orchard, and I proposed to make him some broth, declaring that it was the miserable diet that was killing Uim. I killed the fowl and in doing it managed to cnt my hand pretty severely. That was the" blood scattered on my trunk as I tore .off a bit of the sheet to bandage it I per suaded the old man to lie down, and when the broth was ready I mixed enough of strychnine in it to finish blm a I thought he was dead just before I heard Jacob's step, and I held his hands on the pannikin till they seemed to stiffen on it, for my idea was to maks it appear a suicide. "When I heard the step I darted to the cellar that we had always kept a secret. Xou know the rest. I bave been searching ever since for the old miser's monev, and never found the bag." "How have you managed to lire for these five years?"' ••Donald STCrea, my brother-in-law, has known all along, and I bad a few pounds saved of my own. il'Crea is hnt-keeping on the" next station, and hoped to share old Duncan's plant when. I found it. But I never found it, and there is tbe old villain coming to mock me!" The wrecked man had risen suddenly to point to a dark corner of the cellar The Colonel put his fingers on the bony wrist, and with the other band gentlyposhed the dying man back to his pillow. "There is nothing there, Wilson. Try to ask yonr God to forgive you, for your time is short". *T cannot pray" You—you—and ha was gone. "May the Lord hare merer on his .soul!" It was Sir Hereward who mur -mured the words, as Colonel Poyntz drew a corner of the old blanket over lbs awful dead face. Under the orders of the Colonel there was a general overturn -of the' old homestead on tbe morning after Boxing Day. A party ot men pulled every •tick and stone of it down. Whateve might be made use of in any other wa, was carted from the spot, and after ai exhaustive search the cellar was fillet up. When the site bad been levelled and sown with grasś seed, tbe Golone turned to old Jacob with a grim smile— "I hope you will own now that the ghoEt of old Tantallon has been finallv laid T' "Kot a bit of it, sir. If it was a mock ghost that deceived us before well hav tbe leal one now. Tbe spiiit of Jame Wiison is sure to hannt the place tmti the money is found." . \- The Colonel laughed at the old mast... obstinate belief, bnt Hiere are those stiil-Jiving in the. district who declar that the shadowy grey form, wiib, th broad shoulders and drooping Scotch bonnet orer its ghastly face, Is still b be «eeh gliding noiselessly in tbe or chard "at Old Tantallon. And the miser* plant bits never yet been discovered. ilfflcaii Exjjlorer fspiiming a yarn) , -Not -very ions iago l went out tone day •unarmed, rwhen l aiaaenly fmma mysaf •lace to faeeTrith three lions. fYiecd i " W*n? - '^Explorer .;: J fixed my gazs on .tfete jwutes, :then atu* v^&ratartn;^Smr air tnńn an.opera. rWehaVj^aflMtft **-- . " Zoo. 