DlETECTIVE SKETCHES. BY SANDY SHARP THE FAMOUS GLASGOW EX-DETECTIVE. COLIN CORDON'S CHRISTMAS FIND. At the time the events took place which I am about to relate Mrs. Sharp occasionally employed a respectable woman.named Gor don,as a seamstress. Mrs. Gordon was the wife-probably the widow-of a carpenter, who twelve months previously had emigra ted to Queensland. Gordon was a first-rate tradesman, and might have done well in Glasgow if he could have controlled his temper. He had left once place after another because he could not get on with the master or the foreman, and at last he suddenly determined to try his luck in Australia. He had never been a drunkard, and having only one child the Gordons had saved a little money-enough, he thought, to last his wife and child until he could send some more. And if he liked the new country, and saw a fair prospect of getting on, they were to join him in a year. But from the time the vessel reached the Cape, nothini, was known of the fate of Colin Gor don. The steamer ha- to take in coal at the Cape, and as there would be a full day's delay, several of the passengers went ashore, amongst the number being Gordon. No one saw him leave the ship. but he could not be found when she sailed again. Not until the time had long passed in which the anxiously-looked for letter should have arrived did Mrs. Gordon make any inquiries, and the shock of his mys. terious disappearance made her ill. When she recovered, her little stock of money was nearly exhausted, and she had to turn seamstress, and sometimes laundress to maintain Ihe r-elf and Colin, named after his father, a boy of eleven. She soon obtained a good reputation as a capital hand at making underlinen of the better class, and if her clients had paid her regularly the mother and son mit?lit have lived in com parative comfort, for their wants were few. But far too many of the ladies for whom Mrs. Gordon worked seemed to have no idea that she was in urgent need of the money, and she was often kept without it for a month or even longer after the work had been finished. It was the eve of Christmas, and re membering that Mrs. Gordon had lived for a couple of years in England ere she married Gordon, my wife asked me if I had any objection to her going over to the Gordons to see how they would fare next day. " I don't fancy she has had much work lately, Sandy," said Mrs. Sharp. " Go by all means, Mary : and if things are as you fancy, ask her to come and spend the day with us to-morrow. We are not having any other visitors, you know," I replied. " Thank you, Sandy : that is just what I wanted to ask you, but didn't know whether you would care to have the poor things on Christmas Day." .-..?-s.'r.Sharo was away much, longer thno I expected, more than an hour, though the Gordons only lived about 300 yards away. When she did return, I saw at once that she was excited about something. " It's a shame and a sin for a woman like Mrs. Milnd, the butcher's wife to treat a poor woman like Mrs. Gordon in such a fashion. Sandy, could you not. do some thing to force the woman to pay ? She owes Mrs. Gordon 12s. for making underlinen for herself and Milne, and to-night, when Mbrs. Gordon took the last of the shirts, Mrs. Milne said she was too busy to bother with paying money then, and that Mrs. Gordon must come after the New Year." " Don't trouble-I'll get the money. A word to Milne will do it." " It almost set me greeting, Sandy, to hear the laddie ask his mother if they would have no Christmas dinner this year, such as his mother has always made. But you should have seen their faces brighten up with joy when I asked them to come over and have dinner and tea with us, Sandy. It did me good to see how they brightened up." " I'll go and get that money, anyway," I said. As Ih'ad anticipated a hint to Milne him self was sufficient. His wife was sternly taken to task for sending Mrs.Gordon away without her lawful earnings, and the worthy butcher showed that he was made of far different stuff than his wife by asking me to take a good-sized piece of nice beef to the seamstress as a present from him. He had never in his life before 'worn Sunday shirts that fitted him so well, and were so beautifully made. "My mistrees is not a bad sort of woman Mr. Sharp, but she is thoughtless, and that leads often to cruelty, as I tell her, in such cases as this." Mrs. Gordon was overjoyed when I took her the money and the beef, repeating the invitation Mary had given. In the land of houses in which the Gor dons occupied a two:roonmed house resided an old woman, in one room, niamed Mary Anderson. She lived alone, and was generally supposed to be in comfortable circumstances, for she never did any kind oh work, and lived well as compared with her neighbours. Soon after Mrs. Gordon and her boy had finished breakfast on Christmas morning their curiosity was aroused by the noise of hurrying feet in the passage, and before Mrs. Gordon could rise from the table the door was unceremoniously opened, and the voice of a neighbour exclaimed " Oh, Mrs. Gordon, what an awful busi ness. Mrs. Anderson has hangit herself ! Come and have a look at her." But Mrs. Gordon declined, saying she had no curiaosity to sec such a sight. If she be of service she would go readily. The tragedy naturally created much ex. citement among the numerous tenants of the land. A rigid search of her room and all the drawers failed to discover any money or otheri property of value, and the opinion gradually gained ground that robbery, preceded by murder, inad been conmmitted. But when the procurator-fiscal inquired into the affair, there was no evidence forth coming to corroborlate the new theory. There was no proos that the deceased woman had any means, and the position of the body when discovered favoured the idea that it was a case of suicide. When found by a neighbour who had suspected that nomething was wrong because Mrs. Anderson had not been seen since the pre vious Tuesday, two days before, the body was lying on the floor. the head resting on a shallow box, a' thick cord, like a clothes line, twisted twice roune her neck. The doctor first summoned saw nothing in the situation of the body inconsistent with suicide, and the fiscal seemed dis posed to accept th?s opinion. But the police detective who accompanied the fiscal, and with whom I had been specially friendly ere Ileft the force to start business as private detective, was anything but satisfied with the fiscal's acceptance of the suicide theory ; and though he made no formal protest, he. determined to sift the affair and prove it to be a case of murder. Our Christmas dinner was rather later than usual, and we were just finishing when Tom Tosh, my detective friend, called on me to give his views respecting the tragedy, and possibly to elicit mine. I took Tush into the parlour, and thus lie did not meet Mrs. Gordon. Had he done so, I should in all probability never have obtained the material for this story. I listened in sileace to his version of the affair, but in the absence of any evidence that the deceased woman had any money, or other portable property, I declined to accept his ideas. Tosh seemed a bit huffed at my non acceptance of his theory, and did not stay lone. On the following morning Mrs. Gordon was obliged to send Colin to borrow a clothes line, part of her own having mys teriously disappeared since she last used it. Colin was questioned on the subject, but he declared that he had not meddled with the line. It stretched from the windows of her rooms, which were on the second storey, and was a double one, worked with a pulley, ingeniously made and put up by Gordon before he emigrated. " You knew I wouldn't meddle with the line, mother : where did you leave it when you took it in on Tuesday night ?" said Colin. 'ffanging on that peg in the corner, and I noticed when we came home from Mlilne's on Christmas Eve that the line was on the floor. It is very strange." While she was fixing the borrowed line on the pulley, Tosh, the detective, walked up, saying "Grand day for drying, Mrs. Gordon. I'm told you have lost a good piece of your clothes-line ? " " Yes, and how it went bdthers'me," she replied, wonderinc who the man was and what he wanted. " Don't you think that this is the piece you lost ? " chewing her a length of rope he had taken from his pocket. " I am sure it is. If you notice it, there are four strands in the rope, the usual number being three. Where did you get it ? " The detective was op the point of telling her that it was the cord found round the neck of Mrs. Anderson, but the manner of Mrs. Gordon was so free from anything leading hirh to suspect that she had any connection with the tragedy that he de cided to wait for further evidence of her guilt, if indeed a woman with a counten ance like that of Mrs. Gordon could be guilty of such a horrid murder. On the ensuing Monday morning Colin Gordon started employment as errand boy at a provision shop in "Argyle-street, and when he came home in the evening the boy brought with him some bacon and cheese, which he said lie had bought with pence given to him" during the day by customers whose goods lie had taken to their homes. But a few minutes afterwards Mrs. Gordon was startled by the sudden re appearance of the man who had questioned her about the missing piece of clothes line. " I have come on a disagreeable errand, Mrs. Gordon. I have a warrant from a magistrate to search your house ; your boy is to be arrested for passing a gilded shilling as a sovereign." "What? My Colin pass a bad sovereign ? Where could he get such a thing ? I will not believe he could do it." "I must search the house, Mrs. Gor don. Come in, Gellatly." A constable walked in, and bade Colin sit down,; while the detective proceeded to search the house. In the bedroom, and beside the shakedown bed on the floor on which Colin slept, was a cupboard-like re ceptacle, utilised by the boy as areporitory for his toys andother possessions, and in an old boot at the bottom of this cupboard the detective found between 16s. and 17s. in silver and coppers. " I am very sorry, Mrs. Gordon, but it is my duty to take you into custody on the charge of murdering Mrs. Anderson. I must caution you that anything you may say will be produced in evidence against you at the Court." " Accuse me of murdering the poor oli woman ? God knows I am innocent, and I will trust im rinot to allow me to suffer. I de 'y you to prove that I had aught to do with the crime." Detective Tosh regarded the circum stantial evidence against her as overwhelm ing, and yet he somehow doubted her' guilt ; she was so calm and firm. Next morning the mother andl son were brought up at the Poliso-court, having had no communication with each otheresilice their arrest, and as I listened to the evi dence'eagainsPt thiem I? pe;ceivd: it waims strong enough to cause their remittal. It transpired that a niece of Mrs. Ander son, seeing in the' papers an account of her aunt's tragic death came from Ardrossan to Glaasooi, and made known to the police certain information which led them to think with Detective Tosh that murder, and not suicide, was the true nature of the crime which had been committed. The niece stated that the aunt had a sum of money in her possession amounting to at least £50, and that in a leather purse she always kept a gild.d shilling with a lion on it, which her husband had given her in their courting days. The piolice attached great importance to this intimation, and their confidtlence that it wouhlt probably lead to the elucidation of the mysterious crime was soon justified. A gfiocer canme to the Police-otfice to complain that his al, prentice had taken as a sovereig n a gilded shilling from a boy, whlose apipearance he deocribed. This description was sufficiently close to enable the police to fix upon Colin Gordon ; hence the search warrant and the arrests. \V'hen this part of the evidence was given Mrs. Gordon turned to her w"eepig son, and in a calm voice said "Speak the truth, laddie. Did you change that gilded shilling ? " " Yes, mother. I picked it up in the street, near to our house, when wie were going to Mr. Sharp's on Chritmnas morn ing." :Detective Tosh was forced to admit that the most rigid search and investigation had failed to discover that, Mrs. Gordon had spent any money since the death of Mrs; Anderson beyond the 12s. I had got for her from Mr. Milne the butcher. But the certainty that the cord found around the neck of Mrs. Anderson had belonged to the accused woman so greatly strengthened •the suspicions against the mother and son that the migistrates remitted them to prison for a week for the production of further evidence. But I fully determined that Tom Tosh -should not have things all his own way.' I also would seek for lurther evidence, but such as would, I hoped, exonerate the Gor dons from all complicity in the murder, if such it was. At tile end of the week of remand no such further evidence either for or against was forthcoming, and the mother and son were sent for trial. Hitherto Torn, had kept in the back ground, but when Mrs. Gordon and Colin were brought before the Sheriff to emita declaration Tosh's name was mentioned. A few minutes afterwards, and before they were removed to jail, Mrs." Gordon asked to see the detective. He consulted the chief, and was instrueted to accede to the wish of'the accused woman. - Accordingly, she was taken, to a private room, where the detective was waiting for her.' " You have expressed a wish to see me, I understand, Mrs. Gordon, and have you any communication to make ? " " Mr. Tosh-Tom- did wve never meet before ? " He started more violently than she had done in the Court, and looking her intently in tho face, the light of recognition changed his stern expression into one of wonder, regret, and then horror. " Helen. Ramsay ? No, no; it cannot be," and the detective sank, into a chair with a groan. " Yes, Tirn, I am Helen, and if I am found guilty of this horrible crime, of which I know no more than you, it will have been you, the old friend of my childhood, the lover of my girlhood who will have murdered tme." " Helen, tell me, in the sight of heaven, are you really innocent of the murder ! I will believe you if you say so." ." Before God, Tom, I am entirely inno cent. And if the law finds me guilty I shall go before a Judge who cannot err, with confidence that He will acquit me. Do you believe me, Tom ? " " I dao, Helen; God knows 1 do. But what can 1 do now to prove it ! I must do somethiog or I shall go mad. Oh, Helen, when we parted in Kilbarchan I little thloyCght that our next meeting would be such a melancholy one. Did you know me when I came to your house first " " No, Tom. Fifteen years have altered you more than me." " Are you a widow, Helen ' " I don't know for certain. lly husband sailed for Australia more than a year since, and I.have not heard from him. He left the steamer at the Cape, and did not return to it before it sailed. Sometimes I think he must be dead, and then I am again hope .ul." " And I have never married, Helen. I could not care for another woman: Take courage, my dear old sweetheart ; I fdel sure God will not allow you to suffer for a crime you did not commit. 'I have been working against you : now I will move heaven and earth to prove your innocence. Good-bye for the present." " Good-bye. Tom': I will trust you." At first, as he told me, he was tempted to give some eva-ive reply to his chief when asked what the accused woman wanted with hintm, but such a course would hinder his renewed investigations, and, to the great astonishment of the detective inspector, he declared his belief in the woman's inno cence of the crime and his determination to bring the real murderer to justice. " You knew the womrn Gordon before this happened, Tosh ? " " Yes; she was my first sweetheart, and I have cherished her memory so much as to keep me a bachelor. Care and grief. helped by want and suffering, I suspect, have transformed the bonniest lassie in R enfrewshire into whiat you now see, but to me, think me a fool if you like for say ing so,. she is still the one woman in all the world." '"Nay; Tom, I have known you long enough to feel certain that you must have good ground for believing her-innocent. Has she told you anything ? ' ' She has assured me before God that she is perfectly irinocent, and I am satis tied. lDon't ask me to go on with the in quiries in the case, for I cannot do it. I stall t-ake up her case now." - " Very well, Tosh, I will relieve you. Suppose you take a month's leave and join forces with Sandy Sharp, who is also con vinced of tile innocence of Mrs. Gordon and i her boy." " Thank you, air, 1 will do that." But the discovery Tom had made seemed to completely rrnnerve him. He came to me, 'andi begged me to talnke up the case I for him, entreatiig nie to put forth all my powers to onrasel the mystery of the murder. " -And: jieverdid I ,enterinto a case with i'warmer zeali or a stronger determination to reach tlie goal at which I aimed. I had my hair ciut close, anrd procured a dark wig anid beard. :Then in the attire of a shabby foreigner, and with a bag of sponges on my arm, I went and retted the rooms vacated :iby Mrs. Gordlton and her boy. I rad decided tlhat. the murderer must have been someone familiar with the premises, with tihe habits of lthe deceatsed woman, a cd witlh the monvemerts of the Gordons. tautious inquiti reslted in the certainty thlit none of tile tenants of the numnerous houses in thde big pile of dwellings had left since thie murder, ard I began to study tlhemn. Iut for several lays my efforts to obtain any clue seemed as -thoughl they would be fruitless. I was entering thie common stair at a lat;e hlrur onl i Satutrldy e?ening when a woman pas-ed irre. " Noradh lorissey, the rag sorter \Vhere can ilie be goisg at such a late hour'? A fine built young womran, bir elsoug tr--e-, -he is : big enough to hl.ive lifted tile body of IMrsi. Anderson from tie bed to tihe corl ller \ here Ir wairr foundl." 1 followed heir ivautlo.so y, a task of some difficulty, for s-lle semedli to wish to avoid beinig recogni.cd. At the junction of New City-road writrh \\\'eseri-road sile stopped, anld was presently joined by a soldier, to whom she hIanndedl something. " rou're a bilck. Norah my jewel i Come Sdown to thie Brooilielawr at two to-morrow, and we'll have a sailto Greenock and back," aid the soldier as I was passing them with a view to get.a good 'ook at him. At tih e hour named next afternoon I was sauntering along the Broomielaw, and followed tile soldier andi his sweetheart on board the staamer. They sat down on a seat on the deck, and I joinel them, soon, to all appearance, falling asleep. - " Have you sent in the papers for your discharge yet, Patay ? " asked the rag sorter. "?Not yet, Norah ; what's the use of doing that till I'm sure of the money to buy myself out with ?" replied the soldier. " Haven't I told you plain enough that I've got the money ? But you're to marry me first, and then the money is yours." "' Let me see it. I'll not believe you have it till you show it to me." " Couldn't, trust you, Patsy dear : you might snatch it away from me: and then swear it wasnyour own. Oh, no ; just take me to church, and then the money will come." " I'll see you hanged first." What was there in the expression of the soldier to have such a startling effect upon the woman ? "' Holy Mother I What is the matter with you,. Norah;-dear ! You look as if you had seen a ghost." " A touch o' the heartburn, Patsy-lthat is all." " Another strand of the rope that is to hang that woman ! " I said to myself. The soldier was evidently huffed, and without a word to the woman, he left the steamer at 'artick. She followed, and to my titense chagrin,,they thus escaped me for the time, for I dare not go with them.' Satisfied that I was on the right track, in the morning I went out to Maryhill in my own proper person, and made some in quiries anent the soldier sweetheart of Norah Morrissey. I was not greatly sur prisgd to learn that he was a married man, who was making a cat's-paw of Norah for his own selfish ends. His wife, I was told, lived in a one-roomed house in Maryhill. When Norah returned from her work in the evening she found a letter waiting her. which I had written, telling her that Patsy Callaghan was a married man, and that his wife lived at No. 3, second stair, 26, Rowan- stroet, Maryhill. The letter had no signature, but itrwas efficacious in produc ing the result I hoped. Accompanied by Tom Tosh and a constable in plain clothes, I went out to Maryhill, and we awaited the coming of the Irishwoman. Soon `after seven we saw her enter the stair, and a minute afterwards Tosh followed quietly, remaining at the head of the second stair. Presently the excited voice of a woman was heard. " I don't believe you have the money ; you have been only trying to make a fool of my Patsy, but he was too sharp for you. And if you have the £20 you stole it off the ould woman, Mrs. Anderson, after you had strangled her. I would rather my husloand was in the service for twenty years rather than have him bought out by blood-money, so there." Theeffect of this boldly-expressed accusa tion was 'startling. Norah turned pale, eeled, and would have fallen down the stair but for Tom Tosh, who had crept up the stair. '""Im"'i iolic:bof-er, and shall take you irto custody, Norah Morrissey, on sus picion of having murdered 5laryAnderson." " It is God's judgment. I did it," and strong-minded as the big Irishwoman was,. she fainted. But she soon recovered, and a cab being procured, we conveyed our prisoner to the Central, Tom Tosh electrifying his chief by the story lie had to tell. A. search of Norah's room resulted-in the stolen money being found and, wl atwas far more impor tant. a dark blue leather purse which the niece of the murdered woman had g.iven to her as a New.Year's gift. Some of the notes stolen had on the back the'name of the factor who managed the little property Mrs. -Anderson possessed, and had been paid to her by him a few weeks before the murder. The evidence against Norah Morriseey was thus quite sullicient'for a reniand.-. In the meantime application for bail was made to the Sheriff on behalf of Mrs. Gor don and her son, and it was granted. Tom Tosh being the bearer to his old sweetheart of the good news. ".Where is the boy ? " asked Tom when Mrs. Gordon wse brough' alone to the visiting room. " Why have Colin here? It only adds to his grief every time he is allowed to see' ' You will be at liberty in five minutes, Helen," said the detective, with a tremor in his voice that told her how keenly he felt the stigma that had been cast upon her. " Oh. Tomn ! Then you- have discovered my innocence '. '' No Sandy Sharp has done it all. It wwas INorah Morrissey ,committed the mulrder." " I knew there was such a woman in the land, but I never snooks to her. Hero is Colin." " We are going horie again, my laddie. And oh, if ever you find anything again in the streets do not hide it from me." Norah Morrissev was sent for trial and found guilty. Mrs. Gordon and her sod were then formally placed in tihe dclock, tile judge instructmin the jury to return a verdrrlict of nriot guilty. Be fore anrrttuoucing their discharge, the judge gave Colin a severe lecture upon his wrickedness irn havirng concealed from his mnothler thie finling of the guilded shilling, But both judge anti court wrere astonisbhed vwhn thie boy .aid, the tears rolling down his cheeks as he spoke '" My lord, do you know what it is to bhe hun'ry ? IHave you ever sat for a wrhole day in wrinter witlhout, fire or foold ? If nlot you cantot tell twhat I felt lwhen I thought I had foutnd a sovereig.n, enoughl to keenp Irtniger and col il;wav from irs for a wese or two. That isnl IlL have to say." l"How old is thlat iboy ?"' askel tihe judge. " I ami hiltle:,,, my iorl." " Then 1 muit corattes that his little seech does crerdit to his head i anti heart, ititi I shall be ltlets.. if his mother will alloiw me ttc find al oteni' for him rwhere hi-- undoubtesi ttalents may be cultivated." Totle 'I'os \iats a cnntl)aratitely hapty man when he took tea withl tile Itordons tha t aftlcernoon. Il wa. riot w itLout honles thatt Mrs. Gorldon woull at last believe in hlier Iusbandt's deathl , anld marry her firstI lover--him-elf ; but hlie wiely refrained from broaching tle subject for the timte. Before herl execulti:n Noriah Mortti.-sey tmade a full confession of her guilt, and she i miet her doom with a firmness seldom shorwn i by a woman. VWhen another year had elapsed, bring ing nro tidings of her husband, BIs. Gordon became Mlis. 'lTosh, and my wife and tlhe happy bride soon became fast friends,. 