BREAKING IN A BOOK AGENT. LIE SOLD ONE BOOK ALL RIGHT. BUT HE WAS PROMPTLY DIS CHARGED. "I am afraid that I once spoiled a good book agent," said the head member of a book agency. "We had got out an expensive religious book and had advertised for agents to handle it. Among the numerous appli cants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked him if he thought he could sell books, and he said that he reckoned that he could. " 'Very well.' said I, ' I'll see what you can do. Take this book and consider that I am your intended victim. The price of the book runs from 2dol to 4dol, but you you must always endeavor to sell the highest-priced edition, although it is no disgrace if you only succeed in selling the cheaper kind. If- you succeed in selling me a book I will hire you. Now, go a head.' "He took the book, fumbled it a.wk wardly, and then stammered: " Ye don't wanter buy a book, do ye, mister?' "I smiling answered that I did not. "'Better buy one,' said he. 'I'll sell it to ye pretty cheap.' "'Get out of here!' I yelled, pretending to be mad 'Don't you see that sign. "Book Agents Not Wanted"?' "'I'll let ye hey one for 4dol. misterl seein' it's ye,' said he, taking off his coat and throwing it on the floor. " 'I'm afraid'-I began. " 'Four dollars, mister, an' cheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled up his shir: sleeves. "I didn't like the look of all these war Ike proceedings.and declared the test off. But he refused and gave me three min utes to 'dig up' the price of the book. "While I was trying to make the fellow understand that the joke had gone far enough he jumped at me. "I didn't stand the ghost of a show with the husky youth, and I soon found myself on the floor, with the would-be book agent sitting upon me, saying some thing about a book he would sell me 'powerful cheap.' "To save my life I reluctantly consent ed to take one of the 2dol. kind. He said he was sorry but he only sold the 4dol. kind. "He allowed me to get one hand loose, and I produced 4dol, whereupon he re leased me, and wanted to know how soon he could go to work. I kept my word, and hired him, sent him as far west as I could, and then dis charged him by wire."-"Detroit Free Press." "3Mamma!" "WVell, what is it now?" "I have the toothache." -"Life." 