BROADBRIM'S GREATER- NEW YORK LETTER The week has been so full of startling events that I scarcely know where to begin, among which the sudden death of the' great agnostic prophet is not the least. One never feels or knows how large a space he occupied among his fellow men till he has left it vacant, and the journalist who at tempts to spealc of him as he was is treading on dangerous ground. " Speak of me as I am ; nothing exlamate, Nor set down aught in malice." —Shakespeare. This would undoubtedly have been his prayer had he been allowed a few moments lonn-er to speak, and with a full realisation of the end which had come, and ho was per mitted to leave behind him an unquestioned profession of faith. - The death he met so suddenly had been the .prayer of his life. Tennyson's beautiful poem was treasured away in his heart, and he hoped when his filial hour came that the power which is the •alpha and' omega would '. pass him swiftly through the veil that divides eternity from time. " Sunset and evening star, And one clear. es-.U i'ov mv, And let there be.iio moaning at the bar When I put out to so;-. - But such ivsouiul as.moyiiig • • j . Skeins .1 o sleep io'o deep .for .sound or-foam. When that wliiehdrew.from -out; " 'j The thunderous deep,-.turns again horn?. Sunlight and evening bell,. And- after that the dark, , .. j And let there.be.no moaning or farewell .. When I embark. A nd though from out the realm Of time and space the Hood jiuv bear me \- far,' " [ ; .1.hope-to-meet my Pilot . -Face to-face when I have croseed the bay." With his scriptural' beliefs I have nothing to do. To the lover of his kind, who wants to be right and who desires, to keep .his feet in the straight and narrow- path, the present has been an age of-wonderful revelation-.' I have seen the greatest bishop of one of the grandest Christian' denominations on the globe compared to Antichrist because he. or dained, to his profession of faith another laborer in God's vineyards, where as a theo logical professor he-lwd-lnbored-for over-.'3Q' years. Yet the lives of the bishop and the convert- whom he. welcomed to his fold were above the world's censure and ail example to all men. The earning capacity of Colonel Ingersoll was wonderful—500 dollars a night for lec tures, which he had been using for years— and which audiences crowded the theatres in which he lectured from pit to dome at a'dol lar a head, and many times hundreds were turned away at these high prices, and all of our large cities' managers of theatres' 'were anxious to secure his services on Sunday ovenings by giving him two-thirds of the re-; ceipts, they furnishing the house and all the advertising. The last time he lectured in Brooklyn his share of the house was over 1000 dollars, the theatre's share being 500 dollars, 450 dollars of.that- being clear gain to the management. His home life was the happiest conceivable; the affection of: his family for the father and - husband almost amounting, to adoration^ ■ His return ' from ' his . 'frequent lecture tours was ■ celebrated like a- golden jubilee. His Sunday evenings ''At Home" were among' the happiest: events: of his life. No religious discourses-marred the -harmony of the evening, and a Catholic priest or a' Presbyterian minister might' have attended without having his religious sensibilities of fended in the slightest- degree. At these re ceptions 2>-ou always met delightful p:?ople, whom it- was a pleasure to know, but no mat ter how,' distinguished the company, the strong personality of Colonel Ingersoll dominated everything, and you forgot for the moment that in the genial host- you were partakingof the hospitality of the greatest agnostic of the age. His untimely death and his prominence before the public for many years have drawn special attention to his sudden taking off, while a number of similar deaths of "persons not as widely 'known to the public have been sufficient to be entitled an epidemic. And in all these cases .the. victims have -been busy brain .workers, the physical strength not being able to stand the mental strain. It is'- only a few days since- a prominent lawyer of Brook lyn, a man of-middle age, with every .-pro mise of a. long life,. was 'stricken' down as Colonel Ingersoll was, without a moment's warning. The silver chord was loosed and tlio golden bowl was broken. - This heavy overstrain- on a body, exhausted by over draughts, must eventually pay the penalty, but he was mxconv.iuc.ed, and suddenly the lamp of life was extinguished and the penalty of brain overwork paid. Within the last month a number of similar deaths have taken place in the State of New York; how many have occurred in other States, the death roll alone can tell.. . ' On Friday night an ox-motormnn on -the Metropolitan:Street Railway was arrested as a suspicious character. On being searched a stick of dynamite was found in his pocket, weighing half a pound, and on-searching his room ten pounds more -were found ; enough to blow up an entire block. Francis JrCtfr'-" ran, beside being an ex-motor;uan, was an oid states prison bird. He had served three terms in the states prison, and if he is con victed of the charge of which he is suspected; his chances are good for. a lodging in states .prison for the. remainder of. his days. His crimo is the most damnable known to the criminal calendar. At one full swoop to destroy hundreds of lives and millions of.pro perty the electric chair is too good'foV such a wretch. Wre are going too fast . Every day -you are startled by an increase of speed in some direction; a few seconds in a horse's time being rated at thousands of dollars. . The blood that courses through the veins of Electioneer, transmitted through Ariou and Sunol, only four or five seconds faster than tlio great, scions which preceded them, yet; those brief seconds were worth thousands to the lucky owners. » : England, not satisfied with-her own: work manship)' which" stands unchallenged iii;. the engines of the qentury, is sending, to Bald win, in the United. States, for locoinotiyes.to the amount of millions of dollars. " "Russia, proud and imperial, '-■■ I mentioned last week, has placed an order for locomotives for ten millions of dollars more. What a paradox of the ages is this in which-we live! The great railroads of the West are.taxed .to-, the utmost for cars to move the mighty .-har vest and for which the world is crying, ready to pay us back in minted gold. The earth yields its abundance almost beyond men's hopes, mechanics are, taxed 'beyond- their power to cremate, and higher rates are paid for manual labor than are paid for the same class of work in any country in. the . world. With these rich rewards for agricultural labor and . mechanical skill, strange! oh, strange I. strikes are recorded 'eyery avenue of human endeavor. , , ' •- The engineer grasps the thrpttle, valvejand tlie leviathans of the sea and/land stand.uu jnoyed. .at,his command. ■ - Strikes east, west,' north and south;- itfeet you ; ey-eryj Whorg,'from the ragged nowsbby.Who '(styes_ out his journal "early inl.tlie morning till late at night, to the most- skilled workman. uin=. mechanical arts, and . as y et- seeking and; •; ing for peace we :see. through a.'glass xlarkiyV 'The' strikes of these latter 'Say's, exhibit ,8,; ^rrible' . yindfctiyeness that seems" to 'glory in assassination. ' - 1 ; . • M Tlio 'city 'of ' Cleveland,.'at ' the v pr.esent' ■ time, is an object lesspn/to-all .the rest-of the United States, and until the force of the anarchists is- met by a'-superibr force it will never be. put. down. Some, feeble attempts have been made in Brooklyn and Manhattan, Ijut not one of the boroughs has as yet found it' nee'essary to call oh the military for. pro tection'. Tho clubs of the well drilled police' have beeii found more effectual than- the bayonets of the-militia, and notwithstanding •the threats of the strikers _ all the; grpat avenues of travel are open to the public. The. great corporations realise.that, their security "and".'dividends' depend on :a fair understand ing between themselves and their employes, and the employes realise that the fair under-' standing existing between their employers' and themselves is the-Surest guarantee ofipjer maneut employment, a fair return for labor, and a happy home. . I stand, for'the; protection of all honest' labor wherever.- found. , The laborer's capi tal is tiriie.ahd.it "is all ho has to sell or to give liohie antl:Fo6d to liimself and family. The. lion^st .laborer <■ should- be protected, in the right to dispose of his capital where ho will, when he >will;"without any interference from boss or master, or any person whatso ever; that^no person shall be allowed to interfere; wit3i4iim^n'v-the.;righ.t, to. dispose.of. his 1 iiiie"to".th'e';liiiiiest,bidder,' niid in that right- lie should he "protected: with all the power the Government can give. I would not have Government declare protection to a single portion of human labor and to have that portion made a tyrant and executioner of any other portion. Give to all honest labor protection alike. Then and not till then will you have peace,. One of the.Jat.e5t revelations of the- strike iiu the newsboys. They have struck against: the tyranny and meanness of the ".Journal" and the "World," which have been blowing their own horns as the only champions of honest labor to be found in New York journalism. The news boys of Now York are among the sharpest set- of genuine, dyed-in-thc-wool bohciiiians to be found on the face of the earth. They live on small earnings, hardly won, ;nnd, strange as it- may seem to those who only know them from the outside, are as squarely honest- as any other pvofe-sion in the world. So far the boys have conducted it with a de gree of prosperity that might well be imi tated by those who call themselves their betters. The boys have kept a strict boycott on the /'World" and '"Journal" offices, i but there has been violence occasionally when some scab is caught trying to get- their places from them. Ho generally gets a good punch in the head and a warning '.licit; to come around there again. Mr. Hearst, of the '•Journal," and Mr. Pulitzer, of the "World," are both very rich men. The Hearst for tune was made in California in mining and speculation, and the bulk of the Pulitzer for tune has been made "in New. York since Mr. Pulitzer's fortunate purchase of the "World." His wealth is 'now. estimated among the mil lions.. , They 'think,- as.he now has money to burn, that they would like to have some, of his loose" change sent their way before it is 1 cremated. The boys swear if those papers [will, not do the decent thing, they will stick I to both papers like a poor relation;, till the cows come home. The latest and most alarming strike is ! among the bootblacks on the. ferryboats. A speculative and shrewd Italian having pur chased-that concession of the ferry;company for several thousand dollars, thief detectors are hung up near every chair and 'oacli shine must be rung up in the presence of the shiuee. There is.not the.ghost of ah honest knockdown.; unci the. black/warrior'?- -cry is war! War to the kiiife, aiid the knife to the hiit.. Yours .truly,-J : -v ; .* ■ ■ • ; ;RR6A'r)B}gl^r.;; 