[?] The Church of the Living God. IN WHICH HIS EMINENCE SHOWS THE BEAUTY/STRENGTH ' .': ? AND UNIVERSALITY OF CATHOLICISM. A POWERFUL SERMON. At St. Mary'B Cathedral on last Sunday night, his Eminence the Cardinal delivered hiB third Lenten discourse to a very largo congregation. Taking for his text, 'The Church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth' (I/Timothy, iii., 15), he said : — The Church of Christ in its institution ?DresontB a fact unioue in the historv of the world. A few humble Jew.ish fishermen, men without name or rank, without wealth or genius to commend them, receive a com mission, from the Redeemer to go forth heralds of the sublimest truths to the whole world. They were of thomselvos frail and ignorant, hard of discipline and hard of faith. One of thorn will betray HiB divine Master, another will forswear himself, deny ing to have known Him, a third will be in credulous even after the Resurrection. The burden of their commission is to preaoh Christ crucified, a dootrine 'to the Jews a scandal, and a folly to the Gentiles' 5 they are at the same time to convoy the highest lessons of hoavonly wisdom to Greece and Rome, to the rich and the poor, the young and the old, the wise and the unwise. They were forewarned that tribulation and suffer ings and death would be their lot, but the prophetic announcement was also made to them that, wholly unprovided though they were with human moans, they were to build up a spiritual kingdom whioh would om braoe the whole world, and would last throughout all ages. Tho history of the world tolls that those words of propheoy have been fulfilled. St. Augustine takes, occasion from the fulfilment of these prophecies to write that it was either by divine or by human power such a work was accomplished. If ih whs by divino power, the work therefore must be divine ; if it was by human power, yot such a result aotionod by such means must be regarded as tho greatest miracle rooordod in the woi'ld's history, and therefore onco more that work must be divine. Even many of those who in the spirit of impiety have waged war against the Church have been forced ' to recognise in .this a miraole of tho Most High. One of tho leaders in the ranks of infidelity (Boyle) has written : ' Tho Gospel, though preached by persons, without fame, without learning, without eloquence, by men 'cruelly perse cuted and wholly destitute of all human support, was, nevertheless, in a short time spread throughout tho whole world. This fact is such as none can gainsay, and is a convincing proof that it is tho work of God,' Another infidel writer (Rousseau) enters somewhat more in detail : 'Twelve poor fishermen,' he says, 'undertook tho task of instructing and converting tho world, They preached without art : their greatest miracle was their sanctity of life. Their disciples followed their example ; their success was prodigious. Persecutions were stirred up against them, but tho persecu tors only hastened tho success of the religion which they sought to suppress. All tho Christians rushed to martyrdom : all tho citizens rushed to baptism : tho history of those times is a continuous miracle,' An 'IDEA OF THE CHURCH. What idea are we to form of tho Church thus divinely founded ? Some of tho FiithorM recognise itB.typo in tho Gardon of 'PtMuuHno, prepared by the1 'hand of God hlmaulf an a dwelling for ; ; man, and Uioy sue in tho Tree of Life 'tho. figure of tho Oi1ohr, whioh in Holy Church by iV fruits of mercy, ?? imparts life to/fchti faithful, Otlun'H sou it foreshadowed ? in: tho Ark. dostinorl aa it is,, however, to bring the blessings of salvation not to one family alone, but 10 tho whole human race. ' ???: Tho Church wan foroali ado wed in prophesy. It is stylocl tho new and 'everlasting covenant of God with his people j' tiio mystic city of Sion, 'seated on tho maun* , tain summit' whither all natiotis shall bond jtheii.1 Htepfl to loarn God's law'}' and its doBbiny is tluiB ploburod for 119 by tho prophet Isaiah V 'He that hath mado thoo ! shall vulo over thoo, tho Lord of Hosta in hio name \ and thy Rodoomot1, tho Holy Ono of Israel, ahull bo oallod tho God 01 all tho earth. Tho mountains shall bo, moved and the hllla shall brombloj but my moroy shall not dopai't from thoo, and tho oovonant of my poaoo ahull not bomovod, saitli.tho Lord that huth moroy on thao, No weapon that 1 Is formed against thoo shall prosper j and ovory tonguo that roplstoth thuo in judg mont thou ahftlb ooiulown, Thin is tho horituge of tho sorvantu of Johovali, and thoir jUBtifloaUori from mo, salbh.tho Lord ' (Is, liv. 17), In tho Now ToBtamont Ik is proHontod to us as 'the House of God,' 'the City of God,' ' the Church of the living God, the pillar and the ground of truth.' It is the fruitful vine, ' the Fold of Christ,' ' tho Spouseof Jesus Christ,' ' the Mother of tho Faithful.' The Apostle loves to refer to it as 'the Body of Christ,' that is, His mystioal body, of whioh the faithful are the members, and He the head. ' Our Saviour in the Gospels most frequently describes it as God's Kingdom upon earth, the spiritual kingdom which He came to establish, the divine kingdom whioh should never pass away, the kingdom of mercy and truth and lovo. It i,8 of this kingdom that the Prophet Daniel spoke, ' the God of Heaven will set up a kingdom that shall 'never bo destroyed, and his kingdom shall not 'be delivered up to another people, and it shall break in pieces and shall consume all these kingdoms (of the world), and itself shall stand for ever.' (ii. 4'i). ' Tiiw Gaums oi-\ Lira.' It is tho whole purpose of the Ohurch to show forth God's glory, perpetuating Christ's presence on earth till the end of time, handing on from ago to age the ex haustless treasures of, divine mercy and lovo, and bringing within the reach of oaoh faith ful soul the countless unfailing blessings purchased for us by the Redeemer's thrice blessod life and sufferings and death. I need not repeat the loving words with whioh the Fathers from age to ago have set forth tho glorious attributes of the Ohuroh, her divino mission, her heavenly destiny. St. Trenacus may speak* for all. Writing as early as tho second century he calls the Ohuroh 'the well of living waters,' ' the gate of life,' ' tho depository of truth.' 'Tho Ohuroh,' he says, 'though spread throughout the whole world, guards the faith, as though dwelling in one house, as having one soul, and one and the same heart, and as though she spoke with ono mouth.' And referring to tho various heresies that had arisen, lie reproves them for 'socking elsewhere for tho truth whioh it is easy to receive from tho Ohurch, seeing that the Apostles most fully committed unto this Church, as unto a rich depository, all what ever is of truth, that ovoi'yono who willeth may draw out of it tho drink of life For this is tho goto of life,. But the seotarios arc thieves. and robbers j therefore wo ought to avoid them, but oling with tho utmost oaro to whatever is of the Ohuroh, and hold fast tho tradition of truth.' (Adv. hior. iii,, 4.) Tho tenderness of affection of all tho fathovB for holy Ohuroh iB oxproBBod by St, Augustlno when ho oriod out : 'Too lato have I known theo, 0 anoient beauty, too lato have I loved theo I Truth always ancient, yob always now.' 'Onm, How, Catholic and Apostolic,' It has pleased tho Divino Founder of tho Faith to assign to His Ohurch oortain marks or foaturos so that it may., easily bo reoog niaod, ovon by those who havo least claim to tho wisdom of tho 'vorld, Thoso marks are sot forth in tho Nieeuo Creed when we profess our bollof in tho Oliuvoh of God, ' Ouo, Holy, Oatholio and ApoHtolio,' Tho Church is ono ! Tho Redeemer prays that -His dlsoiples may bo linked together in suoh a porfuob unity that tho ononosB of bho Godhead itoolf may bo its typos 'That they may bo ono, its Thou Father In Me and I in Thoo 5 that thoy may be one in Us;' and thia unity of His disoipUm was to bo a tokon to tho world that tho Rodoomer's nuVionwim divine i 'That tho world may know that Thou hast sont mo.' TIiIb unity proceeds from tho Redeemer ovor hying in His Ohuroh, Heresies may attempt to roalltto soinobhing llko it, but thoir efforts shall bo in vain, Thoy may fancy that by oonipromisos and closing thoiroyos to thoir manifest contradictions thoy may form an unity; Bub thoy might as woll try bo form bho nun by, gathering together aome of its sciabtorod rays, .Unity of the Ohuroh is a divino oroation, You may assail it, you may resist it, bub you cannot imitabo it, and you can no moro destroy it than you oan put out bho sun by shutting your oyos against its light; Tho Oluu-oh is holy \ for it )b (ho oounbevpiu'b on earth of tho hoavonly Join* saloiu, and 1h dosaribod by tho Aposblo as tho Spouse of tho Lamb, a ohtsto s'irgin, all beautiful and fair, without spot or -wrinkle. (Ephas, v,, 27 j 2 Oorlnth, xi,, 2). It is Oatholio, for tlioro Is tho Apostollo million to' gather all nations into tho ono saving fold, and to preserve throughout all timo 10 all Gorl'» ohlldron tho full heritage of divino truth, And it is Apostolical, for tho AposbloH aro tlio foundation of tho mystic oity, and thoir's Is tho oommissiou to hand ontho traditions of tho faith till tho ond of time : ' Behold I am with you all days even' to the consummation of the world.' Now need I pay tliat all these- features and divinely-given marks shine forth most rmnmtakou'lily ? in tho Catholic Ohurch. Trimly peifuob in its unity it is one in faith, in sacrifice, in saoramontR, in government; it is tho Oity of God on earth which the divine wisdom rules, tho divino power defends, tho ever-abiding Holy Ghost en lightens, protects and preserves. How con soling is tho though t; that whithersoever t he Catholic goes . over the known world, whether he enters his Olnivch in Paris or Pnlun, in Nimv VrvU or Rome, in Dublin ui( Alexandria, he will find the same spiritual authority recognised, the fame doctrine preached, the same sacrifice offered up, the same Baoraments administered. The Catholic Church is holy, truly arrayed in- sanctity, and possessing the fruitfulness of all heavenly virtues as her inheritance, There are many degrees in sanctity, differing from ono another ns ' star doth differ from star in brightness,' but all these in their endless variety shine forth in the liveB of the Saints, and form the radiant vesture of tho Spouse of Christ. Thoy are the golden robes of whioh the Prophet speaks : ' Tho queen stood on the right hand in gilded clothing . _ .1 i . ?j*i. ? ? j. __ s- nil ? . 1 ? t._ surrounueci wiun variety, i»b royiu rouu reveals the queen : even so in Holy Ohurch, sanctity marks her as the spouse of Christ and proclaims to the world her heavenly origin. Tho very namo of Catholic is ad judged by the whole world to our Holy Church, and justly so. There is no land, oivilised or barbarian, in whioh she has not unfurled the Standard of the Cross j no people, howsoever savage or remote, to whom she has not ' preaohed Christ and Him crucified. This name of Catholic to-day as from the earliest times is held in dearest affeotion by tho ohildren of the Ohuroh. We accept, without hesitation, the motto whioh, fourteen oenturies ago St. Pacianus, amid the many heresies that then arose, gave to his people for tho standard of orthodox}', 'Christian is my name, Oatholio is my surname.' And what St. Augustine wrote is as true 'to- day as it was in the year 400 : ' Among the many considerations that bind me to tho Church is the name of Catholic, whioh, not without reason, in the midst of so many heresies, this Church alone ?has so retained, that although all horetios wish to acquire tho name, yet should a strangor ask, where do the Oatholios assemble, the heretics themselves will not dare to point out any of thoir places of mooting.' So, too, is Holy Ohurch Apos tolical, going back in an unbroken line to the root of the faith, on tho first Feast of Penticost. Of every sect and heresy we oan trabe the origin, wo oan mark tho dato of its birth, tho timo when it began. But tho Catholic Church in true Apostolical succes sion loads us back from ago to age, the same in contury, teaching the doctrine .of tho Apostles, 'fulfilling th'eir mission by gather, ing nations into the fold of Christ, bringing forth armies of martyrs and oonfessors and doctors, and training myriads of her children in the paths of perfection to people heaven with saints. Porfoot in the Apostolio type it is only the' Catholic Ohurch that is founded upon fcho rook, upon whioh Christ doolarod that Ho would build His Ohuroh 5 sho alono ia confirmed in the faith by him for whom Ohrist prayod that his faith might never fail} she alone hoars tho voioo of him to whom as supreme pastor Ohrist ocmfidod the' feeding and the shepherding of His lambs and sheep upon earth. The Catholic Ohurch ir tho bark of Fetor, and no matter how tho storms and tempests may ragH around it, it shall not suffer shipwreck, for Christ is proBont, and it bears as its burden tho Master of tho winds and waves. Tina Anglican Chuuoh, with its NusniKwrjijss Skotaiuks, Now it io a rfirnarltablo faot that although many of tho communions separated from tho Oatllolio Ohuroh dally repeat tho profession of Faith, .' I 'believe in ono, holy, Oatholio and Apostolio Ohuroh,' yot none of thorn put forward tho faintest protonoo to bo on dowod with bhoso distinctive marks of bho true Ohuroh, What shall I. say of tho Anglican Oliuroh with its numberless aooi/urlos battling among thornsolves in ond« Iosh confusion and indecision as to what thoy ftro to bolk'vo oi' not boliovo. Its most ardanb admlroM will tell you with aonv plaoonay not of bho unity of its faith, bub of its comprehensiveness that 'em braces evory variety of tonots, A lead ing exponent of ProtoBtanb opinion not long ago sot forth tlio condition of things aa follows 1 'Tho Uhuroh of Iflngland ia at present an embodiment of three , religions, It teaohos oneroligion which can hardly be distinguished from Deism i another which is almost idontioal with Romanism t and another which may be doflnod us a sort of Oalvliiiubio Methodism. All blu'so bhroo cannot bo true, for any two of thoso aro mutually contradictory 5 yob all of thorn aro being taught at tho same bimo as ucjually authoritative, equally binding upon bho 0011 soionaos of laymon,' You seek in vain for bho mark of sanatiity, that is to say, tho heroism of piety whioh has orownod bho Saints. During thoao 850 years of its oaroor bho Angliaan Ohuroh has ventured to add only ono namo to tho anoiont Oalondor of Saints, and that is tho namo of King Oharlos tho First, With the approval of the Augll can Bishops and tho sanction of bho Crown hjs namo as mtinb and martyr was Bolomnly iriBorbotl in tho Oalondor, but very soon tho muttor became boo ludicrous. Publlo opinion proclaimed him to havo no more claim to Biuiotity than Honry tho 8th or JOllzaboth or Ornnmor, tho first fouudnrs of Anglicanism, and before half a century had run its course j thd name ^as allowed to drop silently and unnoticed from the printed Calendars. Very few even of the' Anglican clergy of today are aware of this one abortive attempt at canonisation which hns charac-' tensed their Ohuroh. As regards Catho licity, linked as the' Anglican Ohurch is with C the British Crown, it can have no claim to jurisdiction or mission Have where the authority of that Crown extends. Again they have itome '15 centuries too late in the world's history to ask us to bolieve in their ApoRtolioity. They do not retain even a pImiIuw uf 1I10 dhainuUV'i Apostolic type. '. . Without orders, without jurisdiction, with out Episcopal .succession, they have no more pretence to be the heirs of tho old Bishops of England than the highway robber who, having stolen tho Episcopal mitre and crozier, would pretend to be a bishop. Some, indeed, of the ardent votaries oi Angli oanism advanoe a olaim to be a branch of the Oatholio Ohuroh, and thus would hope to share in the heritage of bhe Aposbolio oless ings. But may we not compare tho attitude of our Anglican friends with the case of the merchant who would assume to bo a oor porate member of some important commer cial company, though that company repudi ated all connection with him. To use anothor familiar illustration, thoso Angli cans would olaim to be still a branoh of the one mystio vine, whilst the vine disallows thoir olaim, for the reason thab bhe prebended branoh has long since been lopped ofl', and, separated from tho parent stem, it now remains mummy-like, withered, fruitless and lifeless. As was remarked by a Pro testant writer some time ago, it is only tho strong arm of the State that keeps the Anglican Ohuroh from falling to pieces. Such from the earliest days has been tho fate of all heresies. The Ohuroh with the Sword of the Spirit has out them off from hor communion. Severed from the vine they gradually withered and decayed. Separated from the living body of Ohrist, fountains of supernatural life were no longer within their reach. From that day forward neither genius nor loarning, neither rank nor wealth nor eloquence, not oven the sup port of kings nor the strength of armies could avail to quicken them into anyt'hing like a semblance of the holy Ohuroh of the living God, or to retard their decay. Tina Authority' ov tiqo Catholic OuuKO.11. But, it will be asked: 'Has thoChuroh received from her divino founder themisBioa to teach tho doctrines of the Faith, has He set tho seal of His authority on her marvel lous destiny ?' Suoh is tho all-important problem that should .engage the eorious thoughts of evory sincere inquirer after tho lessons of hoavonly truth. ? Now we find four things registered in a most explicit way in tho Gospels for our instruction on this head : — Thoso are (1), the promise of divine assistance to tho Ohuroh in hor mission of teaching 5 (2), the subject matter whioh sho was commissioned to toaoh ; (3), those to whom that mission was given ; (4), tho term for which the mission would endure. And need I say that irom those heads most unquestionably must result tho Church's divino ' authority to teaoli tlui truths committed to her by our BloSKod Lord. 1, Tho Redeemer's power was aupromo. Tho Jews themselvoB cried out in astonish nienti 'Ho is not as tho Scribes and Phariseou ! Ho teaohos as ono having1 au thority.' Tho voioo of the Father pro claimed Hia mission, ' This is my beloved Son j hoar yo Him.' Tho Redeemer himself announced to tho Apostles i 'All power is given to me in heaven and on earth. ' Thus, mvestod with supremo Divino power, Ho gives bo the Apostles the sublime com- ' mission ! 'As tho Father hath sont mo, so I send you'; 'Ho avIio hoars you, hears 1110 ' s ' Go ye forth and toaoh all nations,' He further promisoB that thoy shall have tho Holy Ghost to sustain and strengthen thorn in tho fulfilment of thoir mission i ' I will ask bho Father and ho will send bho Paraolotn to abide with you': 'when tho Spirit of truth is oomo, Ho will teach you. all truth' (John xvi., 18), Thus the teach ing of tho Ohurch ia authoritative and divino, ovon as tho teaching of Ohrist Him self, approved by tho Father, and quickened by the Holy Ghost. 2, No loss olcarly defined h tho domain of truth to which hor commission oxtouds. In tho text just oitod tho Rodaomor conveys tho divino promise: ' Tho Spirit of bvuth ' 1 will toaoh you all truth ' : and again ' Tlio 'Paraoloto, tho Holy Ghost; whom tho Father will send in my name, will toaohv you all things, and bring all things to your mind, whatsoever I shall havo said to you '''? (John xiv,, 26), Thus all bhe doobrinos of lifa that our Saviour rovoalod, all the loHScine of heavenly morality that He commonilod, those aro tho domain , of the Church's ? teaching, Natural and physical Boionaos, tho study of tho utars, tho development of tho world's wealth, and tho thousand othoi' pursuits whioh aro restricted within tho sphoro of , this, earth of ours, Hhall contlnuo to enuago the onurgioa and tho rational faoultion of man ; bub evory lesson of divino morality and divine truth ahull bo bho Bpoolal wphoro of bho Oliuroh'n toaohlng, 3, Ib 1b to tho Apostles and the 'inheritors of tho Apostolic authority that tlm divine ? oommifjuion to toaoh is given. Tlio words, ' 'Go yo forth into the svholo world,' 'mako all nations your diaolploa,' ''touch thorn all truth,' oonvoyod this Aposbollo mission, Tho broad distinction Is inado between tho dlsolploB who woro to rouolvo tho Iohbohb of ,\ Christian truth and to bo gathered into tho- - fold, and tho touchers who would bo illumined by the Holy Ghosfc and divinely sbrengthenea to accomplish this sacred task. It is not, however, in their mere individual capacity that their commission is given them. Had it been given to them solely as individixally, it would have ceased with their death.,. That mission, however, was nob bo ,11 ceaeo when they would have passed away. ? It waB to continue till ages would have run their course, and the light of truth would have shed its benign rays upon the whole human race. Honoe the commission was given to them as to a divinely established body, a perpetual corporation who were to hand on their authority to duly appointed successors in Holy Church. Thus it was that St. Paul imposed hands on Timothy, and appointed him to oxerciso the sacred ministry, and further he instructed that chosen ' disciple to ordain others in like manner in order to perpetuate the traduoism of the divine authority in the Church. 4\. So long as timo shall last, the Apostolic , mission shall endure. It was nob to one race or one nation that they were sent, but to all tribes and tongues, civilised or bar barian, and the Redeemer expressly as signs the limit of His commission to them : ' I am with you all days ovem to the con summation of the world.' (Matth. xxviii., 20.) .Elsewhere in the saored Scripture we are told that it is only whon time shall have run its course that the complete gathering of all nations into the one fold shall be fulfilled. So also when the Ro deemer would unfold his design of building the Church on a divinoly strengthened rock, Ho declarer! its dostiny to be eternal : ' The gates of hell, shall not prevail against it' * (Matt. xvi. IS). 'I Am With You.' And hero I may remark that the words *' I am with you,*' used by our Saviour when giving the divine commission to the Anostles are frequently used in regard to God in the saored scripture, and invariably bring with thorn a speoial significance. They aro used to denote that the mission which is given shall not be frustrated by the agencies of Satan or the wickedness of man, and that no matter how sublime or beyond man's strength tho mission may be, yet the divine word was Sledged for its fulfilment, and through the ivine power, and under the guidance of divine wisdom it should be accom plished. Thus it was when Moses was in structed toprooeed to Pharaoh, and to lead his people out of Egypt. Humanly speaking the commission was impossible of fulfilment, but the words pronounced by God, ' I am with you,' were an infallible plodgo that every difficulty would be overcome, and the mission divinely given would be realised. Tho Redeemer's words ' the gates of hell shall not provail,' woro not only the pro mise and guarantee of the perpetual triumph of the Church, Tho 'prophetic announcement was involved in them that hell would novor ooase to put forth its strength to assail tho Church. Again and again ia tho clearest borms this heritage of suffering and persecution was declared to bo tho lot that awaited her. Thus in the 15th Chapter of St. John, tho Redeemer ad dresses the chosen disciples ?? 'If tho world hato you, kuow you that it hath hated mo before you, If you had been of the world, the world would lovo its own, but because you aro not of the world, but I have ohoson you out of tho world, therefore tho world hateth you, Remember tho word that I said to you, tho servant is not greater than his master. If they have persecuted me, thoy will also persecute you j if they have kept my word, thoy will keep your's also,' And Ho oonoludoQ HIb loving discourse to them with the words, 'In. tho world you shall have tribulation ; but have confidence, I have overcome the world ' (xvi, 33), Our Saviour had chosen for Himself tho royal robe of Buffering, Tho crown of thorns was His diadem, By tho cross Ho triumphed. ' And I, if I . bo lifted up from tho oavbh, will draw all things to myself ' (John xii, 32), Tho Church, solovod by Christ, all beautiful and fair, should not bo denied tho privilege of -being like to hot' Hoavonly Spouse. Like Him she would wear tho ruddy garment of suffering. At ovary stop of hor beneficent ?career through tho course of tho world's ?events, there would bo Judasos to betray hor by tho false kiss of peace, and Herod? to add their mockery and derision, and rulors and statesman to mark out for her the rugged paths of Calvary, Aa Christ had ?foretold, ' Tho hour aometh, that whosoever killobh you, shall think that ho offoreth a service to God ' (John xvi, 2). Tho Church, amid such humlliabiouB and mill'orlnqs, ra« jolooB to bo made liko to tho .Divine Master, and breathes tho one fervent prayer, 'Fabhor forgive thorn, for.1 thoy know not what they do,' But never does she waver, in hor confidence j slid rosts assured that the, divine promise shall bo ful filled, and sho knows full well that ?fcho persecutions sho sustains, and tho ^Bufferings nho endures aro tho prelude and presage of now triumphs that await hor and of now glory for tho Cross of Christ. Ib may bo well to make a few remarks -? on one or two features of tho Church's tenoning. .. „„,,,, Parhups nono of bho tonots of Tallin has boon more disbot'tud by ovil-duBlgning men than bho salubary doctrine 'outside of, bho ' Ohuroh there 1h no salvation,' JBvori horo among ourselves a few inonbhs ago lb was travestied boforo bho Australian public) as if it implied bhab Catholics regarded all non Oabhollos amongst us as already branded wibh tho brand of otornal damnation. Now mioh an interpretation of bl\oso words is (\ simply rldioulous, and I at once declare that !.,. i mitbo bho rovorao Is bho bunching of Holy Ohuroh. Two things must bo borno In mind j first, that the words ' outside of the Church there is no salvation' represent a most unquestionable principle of Divine faith consigned by the Redeemer to His Ohuroh ; and secondly, that no other prin ciple is more restricted by Holy Church, or more mysterious in its application to tho lot of individual souls than the same tenching of Our Blessed Lord. Emblazoned on the portals of Holy Church --are,, the Divine words, 'one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism.' Thero is but one fold of Christ ; one, the marriage feast ; one, the spiritual Kingdom of God ; one, the city, whither all people shall bend their steps in search of truth ; one, the mystical House of God ; one, tho Body of Christ. Unless we are associated with the Church which in presented to us under those types and figures, wo cannot have the heritage of Christ, nor the light and life and grace to lead us to our heavenly country. ' I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life,' declared the Divine Redeemer, and He, eternal truth, ib was who gave to tho Apostles the commission to teach all nations, adding the inviolable sanction, 'jHe who hears you, hears Me,' ' Whosoever believeth not shall be con demned.' The Apostles repeat the same announcement. Sb. Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, announces to the princes of the people and ancients in Jerusalem as wo read in the 4th chapter of tho Acts, that thoro is no salvation but in Christ, and that 'There is no other name under heaven given to men, whereby we musb be saved.' St. Cyprian, explaining this dootrino, com pares the Church to the Ark amid tho waters of the deluge : ' Were any persons saved but those who were in the Ark 1 Even so, it is only in the Church that you can save your soul.' St. Augustine uses another illustration : ' Christ is the vino,' he says, ' and we are tho branches. Ib is only so long as we are branches of tho vine that wo can bring forth fruit.' 'Outside tub Chukchi Nonh Can Bh Saved.' Bub if the truth of tho saying bo unques tionable that 'Outside of tho Ohuroh nono can bo saved,' it is no loss unquestionable that it is nob ours to decide in particular cases who are those to whom tho blessing of salvation is. extended. It is only through the Divino meroy that wo aro saved. Tho ordinary channel of that salvation is to bo found in the visible communion of Holy Church, None . lays down this doctrine more dearly than St, Augustine, and yet he adds : 'There are many who appear to be outside tho Church, and yet they are with in.' Heretics, schismatics, infidels are separated from tho visible communion of tho Church, and yet in particular cases they may be linked with tho spirit of the Church and may be partakers of its blessings. In this mystery of the salvation of mankind throe things aro hidden from us : first, bho workings of Divino grace, which, as a heavonly dew, is granted to the soulj second, tho conscience of our fellow man, as it stands in tho presence of God 5 and thirdly, tho destiny to which wo pass through bho gate of death. Wo cannot fathom tho depths ' of tho meroy of God. Those who have nob received tho gift of Divino faith, but, nevertheless, guided by the dictates of reason, ask His light and grace, shall nob be defrauded of bhab Divine gift. So, boo, all those who have boen bapbised ?, aro truly sons of God, until as prodigal children thoy quit their Father's house, whioh is His Ohuroh, Many there aro who in ignoranao wago war against bho Ohuroh of God, and yeb so long as they aro in good faith they aro our brothers, and their error shall not be imputed to them, It is nob given bo us to soo their conscience, unveiled as it is only boforo God, Henoo ib is bhab roason no less than Divino faith re quires us to abstain from pronouncing judg monb on those around us, Tho fato oven of bho most violent persecutors of tho faibh is hidden from us, Of Judas alono ib is ro vealod that ho is numbered among tho repro bate, Wo musb justly oondomn tho turpi tude and manifold orlmes of' Henry bho Eighth and Luther and other fathers of the so-oalled Reformation ; wo anabhomabiso tholr errors and tho ruin that thoy -brought to innumerable souls, Bub wo know nob whether at the lasb momenta of life their aonaoionoo may have boon awakonod to bho sonsra of guilt, Perhaps tho prayers of thoso whom thoy persecuted may have triumphed ovor tholr imploty, and obtained for them tho graoo of conversion. In deal ing with thoso whoso errors we condemn, tho golden words of Sb, Augusblmt should bo our guide : 'Love the persons, destroy bho errors 5 bo bold without pride in tho maintenance of truth} sbrivo for bho truth without harshness s pray for thoso whom you rebuke and confound,' An Act ok' Satan to Bmiuiliq Wioaic Mindsi jiUioM aura Paths ok Divinm iTTU'irir. Mon would, endeavor abbiniostoaobup bhe Blblo( as if ib woro in opposition to tho authority of the Catholic Ohuroh Sttoh an opposition, however, is altogether. illusory } ib is a moro art of Saban bo beguile weak minds from tho paths of Divino truth, Tim Ohuroh Imh «,b all timow boon Cho oiiBtocllan of bho Saored SorlpluroH, preserv ing incorrupt1 tho aubhonblo 'text, guarding from ovory nbtaok bholr Divino origin and InHplrabion, asserting tholr genuine inbor probation, and oommonrling their' salutary use to tho faithful, Ab bho close of the -ith con bury we soo Popo St. Damascus availing of thesni'vlooH of bho incomparable Doctor of tho Ohuroh, Sb, Joromo, bo soouro an aoourato translation of bho Old and Now Tosbaments from tho original toxtH, A cen tury labor anothor Ponbi/l wots bho aoal of hla authority upon the canon of the saor-ed books. And so from age to age down to the Vatican Council in 1870, and to the beauti ful Encyclical of the -present illustrious Pope Leo XIII. , nothing lias been left undone to preserve incorrupt to the faithful tho pure Btreams of spiritual knowledge in the Sacred Scriptures. The Bible, however, is not tho Divinely-appointed Rule of Faith, such as some of the modern horodos would assert. The truths of tho faith were preached by the Apostles, and couatlosx souls were added to the fold of Christ before any of tho inspired writings of the Now Testament Avero penned. An years rolled on, the successors of tho Apostlus continued their mission, winning new nations to Christ, But, as St. Ironraus writos, those triumphs of the Gospel wore achieved, nob by scattering the material texts of the ? Scripture, but by the living Word, that is, the authoritative teaching of Divino truth whioh was written on the hearts of tho faithful. It was nob the material Bible that was looked to for the lessonH of Divine Faith, but the living minis try of the Apostles and their successors, and it was as a lesbon of Divine Faith, taught by the unerring authority of tho Ohuroh, that the inspired text of itself was received. So manifest was this in the early ages that St. Augustine himself ories out : ' I would not receive the Gospels were they not proposed to me by the authority of the Ohuroh.' We have seen tho sublime mission assigned to the Church by its Divine founder. Some one may ask : Has the Ohuroh proved itself oonsoious of this dostiny, has it shown in tho course of centuries that ' it realised tho ever-abiding presence of the Holy Ghost for which the Redeemed prayed, thus to impart to it its , spiritual life, and guidance and enlightenment. The answer is not far to seok. Only a few years had passed after the triumphant Asoension of Our Saviour into heaven, when in Jerusalem learned but contentious , men arose, who, eager for national glory, would ondoavour to engraft Jewish observances upon the Christian law. ' ? What course did the' Apostles adopt ? They assembled in Jerusa lem, and with all solemnity defined tho beaching of revealed truth j and when thoy would announce their decision thoy prefaced it with tho solemn formula : ' It has seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us.' Such was the consciousness of tho abiding pre sence of the Divine Spirit, the life and light and guide of the holy Ohuroh. When the ten General Persecutions had spent their fury and peace was restored to tho Ohurch, Arius and his followers, would seek to cor rupt tho divine beaching as to tho divinity of our Saviour. Following in tho footsteps of the Apostles, bhe pastors of tho Ohuroh assembled at Nicea, and, invoking the Holy Ghosb, guided by His light and sbrengbhenod by His power, they set tho soal of heaven upon that doctrine of the faith. Another century rolls on, Nestorius wibh his parti sans will absorb a human as woll as a divine person in Ohrisb, and will rojeob bhe divino Matsrniby of tho Blessod virgin. Once moro tho successors of the Apostles, heirs of thoir authority, meet in Plenary Council, and, enlightened by the Holy GhoBb, an athemati/e tho heresy that would thus oorrupb bhe bradibions of the Ohuroh, and tho assembled Bishops proclaiming tho divino Maternity of tho Mother of God, gave joy to ' tho Christian world. At Ohalcodon tho fathers of tho Ohuroh again assembled and so, from ago bo ago, as horosies arose, and tho spirit of error sought to cor rupt the faith, general oounoils, were hold and tho assembled pastors, under the guid anoo of tho Holy Ghost, condemned bho horebioal novolbies and preserved tho purity of revealed truth, Such was the oonsoious ness of tho ovor-abiding presence of bho Holy Ghosb in the Catholic Ohuroh, In bho 16th oonbury when oounbloss heresios would set at nought the' Apostolic authority overliving in tho Church, the^ fathers assembled at Trent and under tho sumo guirlanoo of tho Spirit of God, thoy oast forth those heresies from bhe fold of Ohrisb and solemnly pro mulgabod bhe lessons of divino Faibh. Ib was undor bho invocation and with the aubhority of tho samo Divino Spirit ovor prosonb in tho Ohuroh, that in this 10bh oonlury wo have seen tho dootrino of bho Irmhaoulato Conception of .' bho Blessed- Virgin to 'receive bho soal of truth ab bhe hands of bho Vioav of OhrlBt,( and so also we lmvo hoom bho Infallibility of bho bucoobbIou of St.; Putor, and Other con soling bonobs of religion bo bo solemnly and triumphantly promulgated to tho Oabhdlio world in tho Vabloan Council. Bub, you will remark, ib was nob bho Council' of Nioea bhab introduced bho; 'doctrine of bho Divinity of our Sa'vjour, nor was bho divine Matornlby of tho Blessed Virgin a discovery of tho Fathers of JSphoHUs, nor woro bho ' loaaons of Catholic Faibh ? defined ab Tront first hoard of 'in those days, nor bho teaching of tho Immaculate Con oopbion, and of bho Infallibility of bho Bovoroign PoubifT, an invention of tho Ohui'oh in bhia ll)bh century. All thoso truths from bho beginning formed parb of bho doposib of divino truth- consigned by tho Bodoomur ' to His Ohuroh, and those definitions onaotorl by bho Spirit of God from agu to ago only Horvod bo proBorvo to bho faithful -untainted and incorrupt bho inhoribauoo of bho sacred truths wlbh which bho Redeemer had onrlohod His Ohuroh. Tjim LnuwstkuotiihiIo Vitality ov Holy CiiuJian. Ib only remains that I would call your attention to bho singular facb of bho indoHbruobiblo vitality of Holy Church, amid all bho aHHttttlbs and vicissitudes to \Vhloh flho wau exposed during thoso 19 oonturlbfl of heir-i earthly life. Wo who believe the Ohuroh to be the work of God, would reasonably oxpeot to see her endowed with such vitality. An organisation fashioned by the hand of Christ and commissioned to teach His divine religion must of necessity 'be' endowed with a moro than human power and must triumph over the changes and chances of time. But those who look upon the Church, as the work of man, how will thoy explain her marvellous history, for all mere human organizations, in process of time, decay and fall by their own woighb. Her perpetual victory is a manifest proof of tho divine power that sustains her, and her evor-enduring lifo is the more remark able when we consider the number, power, and energy of the enemies who were avrayod against her throughout bhe course of _ ages even to the present day. During the first three centuries 'the Christians to the lions' wan the fiendish cry of pagan Romo : and yob Rome's Imperial power whoco sbrength subdued the wholo known world of those days, could not overcome nor destroy nor arrest tho progress of tho infant Church. The assaults of heresy wore even moro persistent and moro oruol than those of the sword. It was the aim of heresy to oorrupb tho faith and to banish its divine light 'and lifo from the minds and tho hearts of mon. Already in the second century thero were 32 sects of Gnostics besides various other heresies, and Tertullian even then ro markod that all tho3e conflicting sects and ever-varying forms of heresy fought most bitterly among themselves, yet, liko Herod and Pilato of old, thoy laid aside their differences and made common oause when there waB question of assailing bho Oabholio Church. St. Augustine reckoned 88 heresies in his day, but added that he was far from enumerating them all. And so from age to ago ovory form of error has combated against divine faith. But tho Ohuroh, radiant wibh heavenly light, has oomo 'forth more re Bpleadant from overy assault that was mado against her, and all the efforts of heretics have only served to unmask more and moro the oorvpubion from whioh heresy has over sprung. BosBUob wroto in- his day:. 'If Probesbanbs only knew how bheir religion originated, with how many variabions and Avibh what inconsistency thoir confessions of faith wore drawn up ; how they first broke off from us and then brokoup among them selves ; by what subblobios and circumlocu tions and equivocations they sought to patch lip their divisions and gabhor bogobhor their scattered members, bhey would bo but little content with tho. Reformation in whioh they pride themselves, or rather they would view it with contempt. ' This Oh (man. is- the Mothmb, thm Rmfuoh, Tina SANQTiirnra ojr rana Would. There was another difficulty bo bo over come. So varied aro fchehabibs of thought of mankind, so conflicting bho inboresbs, bho passions, bho ambibion of the scattered races, civilised and barbarian, that no mere human system of religion could bo equal to the task to enlighten and oovroob, to oou trol and sanctify thorn all, What con brasbs do ' we not soo, bebween Jerusalem and Alexandria, between Groeoo and Romo, Can bho Ohuroh bo bho mobhor, tho rofugo, the sanotifler, aliko of Colts and Saxons, of Goths and Vandals, of Franks and Africans. And yob bho Ohuroh has boon equal to bho task. Wibh bhe same lessons ot faibh, and ? ? bho samo sacramental graces she brought tho blessings of hoavonly light and Hfo to all, It was so in tho fifth oonbury when bhe oounbless hot'dos of barbarians rushed forth from thoir oaabern foresbs bo tramplo on th'o civilisation of Europe, Ib was so in tho sixteenbh oonbury when new continents woro revealed bo an asbonishod world. It is ? so ab bho prosenb day, Mon of all bribes and tongues are linked together in tho belief of bho Bamo heavenly truths, In tho ice-bound North as in bhe Sunny South, in bho remotest tor'riborlos of bho anolonb Kingdoms of tho Kast and in bho busy hives of commerce of bho WoBb, she is sbi.ll the same, Sho loads bhoHo who aro enlightened into bho inner sanctuary of bho beauties of hor touching j sho olovabos bho pure and holy bo bho noblosb morality.;. she unceasingly repeats the swoob words of tho Reueomor ' Oomo bo me all yo who aro woighod down with weariness and sorrows, I ; will refresh you j' she gathers tho unlettered and bho Bufloring and bhe poor around her, untiringly sho ministers bo bhoni, and oomforbing them wibh bhe glad tidings of redemption and moroy she lovingly broathos the prayer of. thanksgiving, ,','! confess bo bhoo,, 0 Father, bhab bhou hasb hidden those bhings, from, bhe wise and bho prudent, and has. revealed bhbm bo bho llbblo His Kminofaoe then' dwelt on tho assaults whioh have boon made against tho Church, and tho triumph of religion. iOvon bimo, which consumes ovorybiiing, had' lefb no braoo of decay in bho UablinUa Ohut'ch, In conclusion ho «akl 1 The voloo of prophecy forbolls that boforo ilio oncl shall oomo, our erring brothrun and bhoso who have warred againsb bho Church shall bo caUiorod inbo bho 0110 fold, and bho wo 'da of, Isaiah shall bo fulfilled t ' Thon shall tho Gentiles walk In bhy Ughb, and bho children of thorn bhab alllloLua blioo shall oomo bowing bo bhou, and all bhab slandorud bhoo shall worship bho Hbops of bhy fuob, and shall call thoo tho oily of tho Lord, bho Slon of bho Holy Ono of Israel,' May God in His morcy hasten bhis day of eternal triumph, and may tils blowing bo ovor wibh us, 