n o v e l : The Wonder-Witch CHAPTER XVIII.—(Continued.) By'm. c. MCClelland,- But when the negroes Whispered about, with horrid insistence, a grim legend of a peddler seen to enter the wakefield door, but not to oome out again, the populaoe decided that the town was ripe for investigation, and, summoning official aid, raided the place. The Wake fields resisted, and there was a battle, in which a man or two were shot. This added to the evil repute of the place, and it needed only a hideous discovery in one of the cellars, and an incontinent lynching in the backyard, to give it a character. which, would condemn it to isolation from human occupation forever. The agent no longer took the trouble even to fasten up doors and windows. He knew that in the buoolio imagination, both white and coloured, the plaoe would speedily become a choice rendezvous for evil spirits and haunts, and the particular stamping ground of the ievil. As Ruth turned from a side gate into the pnbho road, she noticed a nephew of her sedative's, who lived with her, in a far field, talking to a man on horsebaok. She oantered on briskly, not wishing to he.belated. A mile or so on she turned into a coss- road which debouched through a pine forest and was apparently but little ns£a.' The afternoon was sombre, with a doll November sky and intermittent sunshine. The chill of the' air was untouched, and the earth held the frost of the previous night, so that, excopt where fallen pine needles deadened- all eonnd, it rang hard as iron under the horse's: hoofs. On either hand the pines, aiaeostyled and maesive, uplifted column? of bronze, with solemn oathedral effects, enhanced by the interlacing of dark branches' above into impost and arch, rib and groin. Through thefoliaged intricacies of this /mighty roof the light sifted dimly down to the shadowless carpet of brown pine needles. Ruth code slowly, impressed with the silence and grandeur , of the plaoe and invigorated by the aromatic inconse which she drew into her lunge. A short distance farther the woods opened into clear fields, enclosed by dilapidate! fences, and abandoned to the encroachment of broomsedge and sorub. The road, much washed and gullied, led oircaitously to the old farmhouse in the distance, so Ruth left it and cut across through the fields. The house stood bare and forlorn among its denuded trees, the very epitome and oentre of an encompassing desolation. Rutb shuddered as she looked at it, mildewed over with decay, its sashless windows goggling into space like eyeless sockets, its smokeless chimneys eloquent of cold hearthstones below. She did not wonder that the place was avoided by all, and was half sorry Bhe had come to it herself. She wrenched her mind away from the wonder which of the trees had been nsed as a gibbet, and resolutely recalled the old time, striving to fill the silenoe and desolation with the movements of men and the glow of camp fires. The yard enclosure was gone, but a broken gate post stuck up in front, like a last tooth in the jaw of old age. Ruih dismounted and fastened her horse to it. The pathway to the house was distinot still and well beaten, but the porch itself was unsound, and sagged mournfully away from the building. Ruth orossed xt dubiously and laid her hand on the door. As she did so her horse whinnied sharply, and she glanced back at him, startled. There was nothing in sight: so, concluding that the beast was Bimply protesting against being left, she pushed open the door and entered. The room to the right of the hall was the one in which the jovial general and his staff had toasted her on that far away morning. She glanced at it curiously, noting its utter desolation and the dirt and dilapidation which spoke of its hideous after days. She proceeded up the stairway, trying to revivify old associations and emotions, and failing signally. The 'now' was omnipresent, and for the then there could be only the unsubstantially of a ghostly return. It was of Guthrie, not of the gay young .Confederate, that Ruth thought as she orossed the upper hall and entered the small, room in which their interview had taken place. Here it was better: the room was moderately clean, and the window, while denuded of a pane or two of glass, retained its sashes. The gloom without had lifted a little, and what scant sunshine there was entered and lay in a segmented square Oh the floor. A shabby old table, too forlorn to tempt theft, stood in the centre of the room, and beside it a broken-backed chair, which seemed somehow to turn the edge of the general desolation. Ruth seated herself and strove loyally to bring back the past, even removing her gloves so that she might derive inspiration from the wonder- witch's ring. So intent was she that she did not notice the noiseless opening of an inner door, or the equally noiseless advance of a man in grey uniform. It was only when a quiet voice said, ' It's pretty hard work conjuring it all back, isn't it?' that she looked up in terror, with her heart in her throat, to behold—the Confederate! For a delirious instant it seemed to her that she must be trysting with a ghost, and then Guthrie's voice, entreating forgiveness for a sordid trick was in her ears, and Guthrie's strong hands held hers in their clasp. Then, in a moment their eyes had spoken, and a great spell broke over her, and she was gathered close in his arms, clinging on his breast, with his lips seeking hers, and her heart all a-tremble with relief and love and comprehension. CHAPTER XIX. In the first flush of recognition, the link ing together of her present and past, the realization that this new love of hers was but a delayed growth and blossoming from tho old root, Ruth yielded herself gladly and let love have its way. But after a little her omnipresent honesty reasserted itself. She pushed Guthrie from her with a qnick exclamation that she had no right,— that he was the property of another. Guthrie, thanks to a hint from Miss Vandan not utterly at sea, quietly drew her close again, holding her face against his breast and explaining that she herself, and no other woman, had held the first place in his heart since the far away morning when he had bidden her farewell in the room down below and left with her his pledgo. The neighbourhood had made a most natural blander, he affirmed, but one exceedingly annoying to all parties. Then he laughed gayly and bade Ruth look to her own flesh and name for Miss Vandan : s lover. Fate had given Hugh a chance at retaliation for scores by a bit of Northern conquest, and, if signs went for anything he had embraced his ooportunity. Ruth professed herself satisfied, and, hand in hand, they proceeded downstairs, reviving the past more successfully in company. On their way out, they visited the lower room, which by some singular optioal delusion appeared to emerge from the hideoaaness of later happenings and even to take, on a bit of reflex cheerfulness. Guthrie produced the roan filly from an outhouse, where she had been st&bled; (a fact already commented on by the descendant of Lapwing), and the pair rode away together. Daring the ride Guthrie explained sundry other matters. At Miss Vaodan's instigation he had shaved off his beard, and borrowed Hugh's old uniform, which fortunately fitted him fairly well. He had made an extra early start and oome up to the gap that day, halting for a midday rest et a Louse in the notch. His intention had been to go straight to Miss Randolph's, but he hud missed his way a little, and finally turned aside into 4 field to interview a boy about it. While talking he had a glimpse of her, on horseback, in the road, and like an inspiration it come over him where she was" going. Previous knowledge of the country, and a few hurried directions from the boy, enabled him to utilise a short out, and, by hard tiding to gat to the goal ahead of her. Hugh had told him that the house was unoccupied. The roan filly had proved her metal and been safely hidden in the outhouse full three minutes before Ruth had emerged from the pine forest. From an upper window he had watched her approach, assured of the hold which the old time must have on her by her ooming, and also by her wearing the hat with the orossed bayonets. Then he put out his hand and to ik hers and drew the glove from it, that bo might lay his lips to her finger as he had done long ago. He drew off the ring, and then replaced it with, a? he paid, a deeper significance. Aud while the horses moved slowly, side by side, he told her a brief resume of its history. (The End ) 