[?] There Is not even the Grand Inquisitor's "possible probable shadow of doubt" to be cast upon the loynb of 'the Victorian people nt this moment. Only 250 or so can actually lake up arms for the Empire, hut all the rest are anxious to give some useful manifes tation of their devotion. A thousand sug- gestions have been made to assist citizens In venting tlicir feelings, and patriotic offers arc coming In dally. All sorts of .business and professional people offer free services lo the contingent, and one uontist gallantly un dertakes to lit out all those who need false teeth. This Is a generous and thoughtful offer; good teeth are essential to perfect di gestion, and a faultless digestion is a fine tiring Iu n soldier, although It might be im agined that a chronic dyspeptic 'Would be fiercer In the field of action. The dent' st's offer Is probably inspired by 'the popular be lief that in an engagement of tuns kind our men are expected to show tiiolr teeth and to tal'te on occasion. In the Juvenile Imagination of Melbourne, for.'the time being. "Itrave . Bill the Boy Bue- " oaiiecer,"' and "Strongarm," and "Dickie Dili tlio. Indian Killer," and alb'tlie other heroes of Doadwood Dick fiction, are com pletely "out of ft," and enthroued 111 their pkico3 sit those two proud boys, Buglers Bronchley and Bottle, who, according to "The Age" of Monday, have been elected to the onerous office of buglers to the Victorian contingent. A curious effect of the- fame achieved by 'Uhese heroes Is the run . upon penny trumpets rit suburban stores, anil- the strenuous efforts of the youthful population to evoke martial strains from their tin depths. By the way, and as a further proof of the readiness of the youthful mind to re flect 'the mood of the hour, a Shopkeeper In the city reports an extraordinary demand for " all toys of a mnrllal kind, the run on wooden guns and pewter swords being quite pheno menal. Ill my suburb two small boys of 7 arid 0 were reported mlssiug on Sunday, aud were found at midnight at Fisherman's Bend, one armed with an old plnfire revolver and 'the other With a boomerang. They had run away from 'home, they, said, with the Intention of going to the .war. They were newspaper men, and were ills-: cussing their prospects of getting .away with the contingent ils war correspondents. - The large man, who was tall and broad, did. hot like the Idea In the least, but the little- thin reporter -was quite enthusiastic nbout.lt, and extremely anxious to get an opportunity of shining as a narrator of moving incidents tiy flood and field. At the same time, he : was somewhat sarcastic at the expense of Ills bulky-friend because of the hitter's want : of zeal. "It Is all very - well tor-you, a lucre i - wisp- of n mail,'' said the big scribe," argu- monbntivcly: "but. look at me. a flit' show I'd- have 111! battle. The worst shot iii the Boer army couldn't miss. meat a mile, where as 'the best couldn't hit yo,u. You, see, I Jinve to exorcise the discretion, of about three men like you. ''-Remember the thousands of stories you lmve heard of bullets whistling within Indies- of wnrcorrcspondoii'ts-on the gory battle field, : and -recollect-- tbut" every blank one of itliose. bullets would liavc bored a hole in. a man: of my -size,, aud you will uu- doi'staiid-iny feelings. vNo.-tlhauks-no war coue-.pondlug foi me ' 1 The demand for -horses for the Victorian . uiouiitud-uivit has sent , up the value of lined- -dies" about Melbourne, liut .values- -would have to become .astounding to - Justify . n , few owners, who. liave endeavored to Induce- the i Government to give £15 a -head for animals tiha't could have no-. discoverable use outside \- a glue factory. One old man , led In n- string of three of the. most -woebegone luiimals.im- . agliuuble. skinny, shambling,- venerable , and nllllcted with -all the ordinary, nllnioiitls to which ihorses are heir. "My dear, follow," ealil the Government olllccr, "you have made a 'mistake. Wo aire buying war horses, here,1 ndt cats' 'meat. T\ike fheni to tli'd Zoo/ they might do for the Hons." The owiier was! hurt, not only In his private1 sensibilities, so to -speak, but In Ills feelings' .as a patriot. "What," -lie cried -Indignantly, "You ' think lUbey're good enough to solid to tho llons, iuid . yet not good enough, to go to. the Boers? And you call yourself n Britisher!" Whereupon the dealer turned away lu disgust, aud towed his -relics home again. Lieutenant Salmon, of the Mounted Rifles, who goes to South Africa, Is a brother of Dr. C. C. Salmon, Xl.L.A. lie has n -twin brother who- also volunteered, but failed to get through, perhaps, because the selectors thought that two men unable to be distin guished from one another might make com plications; hut there they were mistaken. They would have worried the liners like ghosts. The first time Dr. Salmon was elected, the two brothers worked hard for htm. They were everywhere. When the op position mail left Talbot, -the -last mail to say- good-bye was Dr. Salmon's brother, and the first to meet -lilm far away was seemingly that same -brother. At first the candidate complimented 'him on -his riding, and the brother smiled. Then lie engaged a faster pair of horses, and drove hard -to the next phlte; hut again that brother said good-bye at ouc township, und met him smilingly nt the -oilier. At lust he collapsed, "I'm going out," he sntd. "I came up to fight an elec tion, but I'm not going to fight a family of gliosis!" and It wasn't until lie ivent out that he discovered that It was the Salmon twins having a game with him, and not ghosts! Some 10 years ago Major Eddy, who now couruiunds the Victorian Infantry unit for the Transvaal, was a teacher In a country school. IIo was also a lieutenant iu the Ballarat militia; and -the -head quarters stuff wanting a man, they persuaded ithc teacher to get a transfer to 'tiie Defence department for 12 months, to see If he would like the work, and he was -transferred. "But," said the Defence department to the Education, "you may consider the transfer a perma nent one." "Why?" snid tlic Education." "Mr. Eddy Is a good teacher, and likes his' work. He is very- doubtful about going him self." "All, yes," said the Defence, "that may be now; but no man aftor a year of ordering other men about. will ever submit to be ordered about himself!" And It was so, for when the year wits np the Educa tion department Wad to remind him of the arrangement, "Eh! What!" said the adju tant, for such he was then, "go .back to tbe kiddles? No Jolly fear!" And be didn't. Mayor Heinz, of Ballarat city, Is a German, and many years ago -tlie first Lledertafel of -the colony, used to be the little band of Fatherlanders that used to gather round him on holidays and sing German songs at the gardens. Since then he lias grown English, and only his name distinguishes him. nis message to 'his council tills week was nil In tensely loyal one. It is the absorbing power of tbe Anglo-Saxon. One of his country men was once a leading member, of the mili tia, and most devoted to duty. "Why did you leave Germany?" lie was asked. "I 'vas run avay," he answered, "to avoid the conscription!" "But you ' are . a soldier here." "Yes, but I. needs not be onless I likes lt,"i was the answer, ' "und that was make the difference !'.' . . . A,- Frnuch teacher lately complained of his ' children. "Znre fader ees French,' and ziire' mother ces French, but zey sey zey arc Australians!" This Is a .much better way of meeting a Outlnndcr difficulty than Oom Paul's. Some years back' the Austral Ian Govern ment set .the sriiohiUrts'o world -to work devising' all kinds of Iethal'mlxtures by offer ing a large reward 'to -the person o-r persons who could rid tills country of Its rabbit plague. From almost every corner of the world came ideas and remedies, anil noted scientists visited tbe country to test bunny's vitality, 'tort all these failed. It would lie interesting 'to know If those offers still hold good In point of law, because If so somebody hats a -right 'to send In his little liill for at least Victoria's share In 'the promised re ward. The party or parties who can right eously claim -to have originated the exporta tion of frozen rabbits has effected the de sired object, and niight put in a -modest claim for -the reward. Any other enterpris ing man -who- can devise weans of 'tuni ng the Ikithurat burr, 'the -Scotch thistle, the .Queensland.' tick, . the English sparrow, and the dingo -to like excellent account would de serve to rank aicxt 'to Giiiptnln. Oook In ihe hearts rind memories of true Australians; but meanwhile,, where Is the K.C.M.G.-shlp for the man who, prevailed upon us to make much of- trie, despised rabbit. . \- The totilisatrir -Is. a flourishing institution all the .year round til Victoria, but the np. preach of the carnival, of /spring creates so. profitable a boom ,-thu-t the tote - proprietors arc prepared to 'take, almost any risks In de ll an to of the law, and develop a genius for barricading -and. turtles In the face of the enemy 'worthy, of a better, eaaie-tho British cause In -South Africa,1 'Mar Instance-— The strategist- -who -designed the. defences of the ,OollIugwood tote shops -raided on Saturday: : would certainly, give -the Boers a hard task' if he were 'lii-a.posltioii . to -utilise his Ideas tor the defence of Matching or'Klmberley Bul the runners of totnlisators do not always rely upon -fortifications. - In. one -ln-stancc- a -tote, was run, tor months in an undertaker's shop, of all places In .the world/with extrri entrances from/a hotel and a harbor? saloon-' In >pt(c of the hit tor-precautions, the atten tion -of -the police .-was attracted eventually, ty nil .apparently extraordinary, Tim- on "eofilm not warranted by the -local- death rate, - aiul- then the: . totallsator - sought - fresh -- fields;" the pai-a- phcriHiIln being carted . away lii a cofilp \ ' ' A -Country gold - flrtd.tha t wan. once famous lias two .legacies fi-om Its fninousTlriyf'' One Is a. big balance in /Ulie funds otTho Miners' Association 'amd Aho li.other'ls -in heavy' lia bility -to tlio-IStat(i:for. wafer iwijrks- There were- once, n;;iot/oQ:owners: of sthe millers' fiind, but tlioy are-few now, and. 'those few draw.nlcp benefit's. : .Thrift Is their privilege, but' the respousl bIHty of interest for. the water works' Is' qiitte another- matter. They are now claimants for reductions in the Go vernment bill, ; not 'that a refusal matters much, for ;thoy pay nothing, but just by way of being in wlth'tho rest. "The men who got these works arc away, arid we should not have to carry "their.'! burdens," tboy said. '.'That sounds .. fair,'' waid the Minister, "I'll tell you what I'll do. You lmud over Uie share of the! old miners In tlic association funds nud, d'il take off 'their share In the water .works," hut tlic deputation was filing out by this time, and -In the' passage they said, "I t was «u /impudent proposal!" A few weeks back, when the dust fiend was uprcsirliig his dreadful head and shaking his hiliwllng h'alr In. -the faces <if our citizens, I ventured to. suggest lu tills, column, in an uncalled for spirit of levity, the advisability of guarding Melbourne ou-.tbe. sides from which the dust ponies. I iitq'tli.e city with ele vated water mains, punctured top and bot tom nil alpiig.thcir.-leiist.il, so.lhat the storms cf gil t would .encounter « thin spray -und he subdued. .The .other day Mr. I'urves, Q.C., In. ri letter In a contemporary, gravely und deliberately. /set forth this exact Idea as u mngiilllceiit.plaii. of bis on Incubating, and ns a practicable cure for tlic dust evils to which Melbourne mortals are heir. I am glad to find myself backed by so eminent au authority, and invite the eo -operation of tbe city fathers. "Let us spray!" ATTICUS. 