Holt Satubday. The first ceremony of this day begins early in the morning with the blessing of the new fire, which takes place at the principal door of the church. During the blessing the priest begs of God to infuse into the hearts of the faithful the Light and grace of the Holy Ghost, to enlighten them as the new fire is destined to enlighten the church unceasingly night and day. He also blesses the five grains of incense which represent the five wounds of our Divine Lord, from which flowed His Precious Blood to wash away the sins of the world. A procession is then formed and moves into the church, a triple candle being gradually lighted from the new fire during the procession, to signify the faith of the Apostles, which was revived by the successive apparitions of Christ, and which gave them courage to spread throughout the world the light of the Christian revelation. Whilst the Deacon sings the incomparable chant, Exultet, he places the five grains of incense in the Paschal Candle, which, with the lamps of the church, is immediately afterwards lighted. The lighting of the Paschal Candle repre sents the resurrection of Christ, while the lighting of the lamps is a Bymbol of the resurrection of the human race from the sepulchre of sin, which was brought about by the death of Christ. After the reading of several prophecies and prayers the baptismal font is blessed. The water in the font is scattered to wards the four quarters of the world, to indicate theCatholicity of the Church and the world-wide efficacy of her sacraments; the priest breathes on the water in the form of a cross and plunges the Paschal Candle three timeB. into the water, for the Spirit of God is to hallow it, and the power of Christ is to descend upon it; and lastly, a few drops of the oil of catechumens and of the chrism are poured, to signify the union of Christ our anointed king with His people. On the way back from the font the Litanies of the Saints are begun, they are continued while the sacred minis ters lie prostrate before, the .altar, and, as tbey end, the altar is decked with "flowers and the Mass is begun in white vestments. At the Gloria the organ sounds and bells are rung, and the joyful strains of the Alleluia peal forth after the Epistle. The vespers of the day are inserted in the Mass after the Communion. The kiss of peace is omitted in the Mass on Holy Saturday, because in the ancient rite the faithful kissed each other in the church aB day was breaking, with the words, "The Lord is risen;" and there was a natural objection to anticipate the ceremony in the Mass at midnight. The Agnus Dei, which was introduced by Pope Sergius towards the end of the seventh century, was never added to this Mass. The Communion and Postcommunion are replaced by vespers, and there is no Offertory. 