RELIGION AND PROGRESS. According to the doctrines of many ProteBtant writers, the evidence of true religion is to be seen in the wealth and worldly advancement of its ad herents. Notwithstanding the scrip tural injunction, it is held that not only is it possible to serve God and Mammon, but that devotion to the God of riches is proof of the special favor of Him who said that it was easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the Kingdom of Heaven. As with individuals so with nations. The chosen people of God are claimed to be those who have achieved the greatest ma terial protperity, the nations which have seized the greatest portion of the earth's territory, which maintain the largest armies, or which have the most extensive manufactures and commerce. This materialistic ideal is the particular fetish of John Bull. As John Mitchell forcibly, if somewhat coarsely, puts it in his "Jail Journal," "Your Anglo Saxon Race worships only money, prays to no other God than money, would buy and sell the Holy Ghost for money, and believe that the world was created, sustained, and governed, and will be saved by the only true, immutable, almighty ponnd sterling. Since the triumph of the United States of America over Spain, the latter country has been held up by the ultra Protestant press as a shocking example of the effeteness and decay which Catho licism entails, whiUt the United States stands forth as a bright illustration of the vigor and progressiveness of modern Protestantism. To the ordinary observer it does not appear that the religious views of the combatants had any par ticular bearing on the result of the war. Thousands of CatholicB fought bravely under both banners. The Spaniards are fervent CatholicB it is true, but so they were in the 14th and 15th centuries, when they discovered the new and dominated the old world. The Spain of Charles V. and Feidinand and Isabella was more profoundly Catholic than the Spain of to-day. , In our last issue we gave some extracts from an able and interesting article in the "Australasian Catholic Record" on "The"Catholic Church in the Philippines," from the pen of the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney. His Eminence showed'fromthe testimony of consols and persons who had visited and resided in these islands how false, viru lent, and distorted were the statements regarding the moral, educational, and social position of the Fillipinos. " There is not," Bays Mr. Foreman, a ProteBtant writer, " one-tenth of the misery in the Philippines that there is in Europe, and. none of that forlorn wretchedness facing the public gaze," and the facts and figures quoted in the article referred to show conclusively that as regards educa tion and enlightenment the Fillipinos are by no means so backward as has been represented. An examination of the accounts which Protestant prejudice has created regarding t the , moral and social condition of Catholic countries generally will show how calumnious and exagge rated they are. It is true that the Catholic Church places a higher and nobler ideal before her people than worldly prosperity and intellectual cul ture. Her kingdom iB not of this world. Man has a spiritual as well as a material nature, and in the cultivation and development of the former lies his true destiny. Material progress is not to be despised or discouraged, but the happiness, comfort and spiritual wel fare of the mass of the people—the greatest good of the greatest number—is the main object to be aimed at. There is evidence every day that wealth and prosperity do not necessarily bring comfort and contentment. " 'Tis yours to judge, how wide the limits stand Between a splendid and a happy land." The condition of the people generally in Catholic countries like France, Belgium, and Spain will compare favor* ably with their position in countries mainly Protestant, such as England, the United States, and even Australia, where the wealth and luxury of the few, and the poverty and misery of the many, are equally conspicuous. In the matter of education even the following statistics are significant, as com paring the school attendance in three Catholic counties with three Protestant counties standing at the head of modern civilization. Average school attendance per 1,000 inhabitants:—France, 170; Belgium, 135; Spain, 106 : United Kindgom, 123; United States, 130; Australia, 140. Other figures could be quoted as to the establishment of uni versities, higher education and chari table institutions for the care of the sick and poor, which would demonstrate that in Catholic countries higher and better ideals are set up than worship of national prosperity and the golden calf. 