Sailing. Dingey Sailing Club Races. On Saturday afternoon tho Brisbane Diego, (tiling Club hold n conple of race- — for If), footers lind 16-fnoters— on the Milton reaeb. 'I'He wenther was fine and warm, nnd the wind was from. the sonth-simtb-wst, but uncertain and unsteady. In the course of the reoe« it veered a point or two further wesr. As many ns ton entries were receiver!, five in each i-lass. One new beat, the Zphiniit. entered for tho 10-footers, bnt- unfortuimtely when near il.e time of starting she upset, und by the time she whs righted again had lost so murit irroiind us to b - out of the race. The owse was from off tho Notah Quay terry up to a mark heyond tlio Regatta Hotel, und back to tho starting point. In each race tint course hud to be sniled twice nvor. The steamer Young Mat wus en- caged as umpire's boat; Tho officers wero : Mr. S. Alexander, umpire ; Mr .F. T. Yarrow, starter and judge , Mr. H. Stewart, timekeeper: Mr. F. Go well, handicap- per. The races wero both handicaps, the tithe being taken off at the start, by the cnloured flag system The con.p ' titers hnd to bent up the rencli against winn mid tide, hut rotnrned- wini alongsluntalmostnniount- ing to a fair wind. ft'iifit Race, ln-footcrs' handicap; prizes, 25s., 10s, .is.Ent.ries: Our Own. skippsr F Shaw, scratch ; Yiotitin, R Wood-, 1 min b'hind: Rofet.'c, 0 Crunch. 3'niitis. behind; Daisy. O. Ilnmacn. riitlo : Z«phinic, I,. 1). ProntiK, ditto. Our Own started at 3 35 p at exactly, und yicima also got iiwav to time. Daisy carted well, but Rnsetru'did tiot start till 3 mitts, after tho fall of her flu/. The rea>on has already been given for Z-phinia's dpltiy.. in the bear, up the reach tlio various oraft ke;jr, awhy fr. m the North Brisbane shore, owing to the strength of the tide there, mid contented tli»m-oives' with shurt tacks. Daisy ginned much on rim way up. and on rounding tho top mark -he wus 3 minutes behind the leading hoar, Our Own. Rossttu nnd Vienna rounded the buoy with but 10 seconds' difference' between them, and 3 minutes later than the Daisy. On the re turn spinnakers were set, but the race wits just, a lead, in which Daisy wiped off another minure'e di-unoe front Our Own. and Vienna fell much further to tho rear. By this tiino the wind had worked a little more to the west, nnd tho boats in going up the reach tho second time hugged the suutheru shore, still closer. Again the Daisy sltowod ltor oapacity for progress I against wind nnd tide, mid. when apposite I Cook's Terrace pa- sed Our Own. Tho tim-s | of rounding tho Regatta buoy weru: Daisy, '.5 hours 12 mini. , Our Own, 5 hours 14 ntins. 27 sees. , Rnsettu. 6 hours 16 inins. 43 sees. Then it was a lead to the finish, the times of whioh wero : — , h. m. s. 1\. Dnisy ,, .. 6 28 35 2\. Our Own .; .. 5 31 14 3\. Itoseita .. " 5 32 62 0\. Vicuna, time not given. The Daisy's win wus pretty well expected Our Own did well with tlio time allowed her. but Rusettn might Ituve been second if not for iter bud start. Zcphiniti, after she had got righted after her cup- ize, went "over the course once. but. had not the ghost of a chance. tiecond Race, 16-ftiotors' handicap; first prizo. bout's tent, presented .by J. Dunham, and 61 ; second. 2(ls.; nnd t.hird.'lOs.— Entries: Arfomo. ekipuer T. Gnadai, and .Fmrtt D., P. L. Dickson, scratch : Theru. J. Nixon, and Myee, H. Wbimp, 1 min. behind: Muy, F. Smith, 3 mins. behind. Sturt, 3.40 p.m Arfoma aud Flora D. got ntvay tn time, Thera wus l tnin. late, and May 20 seos late. In miuiceurring the ilyee's peak halliards gave way, and " she lost severul minutes beforo alio orussed the line. Thera did not do well in tho sail up to Touwong utitil rho wind freshened beyond the betel. May got along better.' but sumo of tile puffs of wind made her heel over greutly. Sho overtook tho Arfetnu. and rounded tho top mark only 5 sees, behind the Flora D. Thera passed the mark third. 60 seos. bohind May. and 1 min. lator Arfoina was on the return journey. ' j'his was accom plished without u change in tho positions. In lieu ting up the second timo tlio Flora D. wus nioro then a match for tho May, who used every effort to overtake her. The Flora J>. was nlo-e-liuulc.1, nnd showed horsclf nble to sitil ohwer to the wind than tho other boat The Arfiimu nnd Theru lmd a hard contest for third position. On gvbing the top murk Fiora D. tvus still two tnmuros ahead of tlio Muy : Thorn und Arfonm oiimo round it with but 1G sees.' difference. Tho Theru lost sumo time bofuro making it properly. Tho Myee, which hud hitherto been uiiuoliccd, bout up the reunli beautifully, but too into to secure it chuuou nt the finish'. Going buck the bouts hud spinnakers out, but thoy .did not drutv very well, except iu the Arfoiuti'a cuse. The finish was 1%. Flora D " 16 30 2\. May ., ., ,, 6 17 35 3\. Theru .. .. 5 19 45 0\. Arfutna ., , , 6 20 16 0\. Myoi). , . . .. 6 29 32 The Flont D. was nioely handled throughout. This wus her second race and first win. Muy upparontly did her best in tho wind that wus blowing. -Tito Them ttviuu wusted her uliunucs. Myeo would have emtio out fur bettor but for the accident which delayed her start. j, . 