AT 'I'lIII wIut;% 41 'I II CFOt'IU INI OF 4', It." It is a well-known saying that ' mur der will out,' and in many cases true enough ; but I question if any murderer was ever brought to justice in a stranger way than the one I helped to track down. Many years ago, over fifty it must be, I became my uncle's heir, and took possession of a lonely wayside inn, known as the ' Fortune of War.' It stood bleak, gaunt, and unsheltered in one of the loneliest parts of England, never mind in which country. It is enough to say that, glad as I was in my I hardest up' time to become its 'owner' the ' Fortune of War,' gave me a bad fit of tile blues when I first set eyes on It. Here was I, by nature a sociable chap, set down in such a lonecome, dreary bit of country as I believed old England could show. I had lived nearly all my life in Devonshire, where the country is all ups and downs, as the saying is, and the difference was amaz ing. Look whichever way you would, t was all the same, a stretch of sky and a stretch of land that looked almost as bare and flat as the sky. At the back of the house was a good-sized piece of garden, beyond that a stream of water, and still further, but more to the side of the house, were two pools that look ed as deep and black as the bottomless pit itself is said to be. They were so deep and full of holes that, even in the hardest winter, they scarcely froze, and the ice on them was only like a dark brown film. About half a mile away, across a couple of fields, the light caught the reflection of a third pool of water. This one differed from the others in being very shallow. It was stagnant, too, and a.ways had a scum of green duck. weed scattered on its surface, and the frogs collected there in such numbers that their dismal croaking could be heard at the inn, when the wind was blowing that way. To the left of it a path ran which joined the high road farther along. 'There was no sign of a house to be seen, nor yet the smoke from a chimney, just to give a neigh hourly look, and I wondered what Mary would think of the place. Though I have lived beyond my allotted time. and it happened fifty long years ago, I can remember as it it were but yester. day how the old place looked when I first set eyes on it. 'iThe sun was near setting at the close of a November day as we drove along -I and my wife and the driver- and presently we came in sight of a Louse whose windows seemed ablaze with flaring light. I never saw such a sun set before, and never since. There were dull splotches of crimson upon Ithe stained yellow of the walls, and a solitary poplar growing at the gate looked like a gaunt sentinel on duty. The uncanny, red glow was over every thing, and the depths of the pools gave out strange lights that glowed blood red. I gripped my companion by the arm, and pointed to the house as we drew nearer. ' Whose house is that ?-the dreariest looking place I ever set eyes on !' HIe burst into a loud laugh, that threatened to choke him, and then said facetiously : ' Why that there house belongs to one Joel Hopkins by name; 'tis known Shereabouts as the ' Fortune of War' ha ! ha l' He slapped his thigh, partly at his own wit, and partly at the sight of my face, for I, being Joel Hopkins, stared at him open mouthed. 'A neat little place, too,' he resumed after a time, when he had carefully brushed away the tears of merriment from his eyes with the back of his hand, and his face had changed from purple to its customary ruddy tint, 'and a nice little stocking-full your uncle made in it. You see, in spite of its lonely looks, it catches a deal of traffic one way and another. There's them people on their way to the fairs, and the coaches pass tolerable frequent, and 'tis a dusty road, as you see for your self, and the dust's got to be laid in people's throats. So that, altogether, friend Hopkins you're a fortunate man. There's deal worse things than loneli ness.' And he heaved a big sigh. I heard afterwards that his wife had ' a tongue with a tang,' so that ac counted for his envying me a quiet life. The sun had set by the time we reached the ' Fortune of War,' and the glow had faded from its walls. Well, they say that people get used to everything after a while, and by the time Mary and the little one were com fortably settled in we got used to the loneliness of the life. For it was lone some, especially at night time, when there wasn't a sound, unless the poplar rustled and bent in the breeze, and- the frogs set up their everlasting croaking. Itut a man's home is his home for alln that, and indoors everything was snug II altd warm. Uncle Joe nad left us a comfortably furnished hue ise Vhen ttle curtains were dra n and h the lamp was lighted, I with my pipe. the wife sitting by with her sewing. and h the little one in her cot, or crawling I about on the rug at our feet, I didn't cit) the highest in the land. In the dayrtime it was different. Mary didn't unilnd tie Ihnelines,, but I sirely missed the chats I used to have and the col- 1 panitnship of other men. TIrhose were t not the times when every working man c had his daily paper, and got the news red-hot as he does now. No, at that c timte news travelled slowly. People living in lonely parts generally got their I nes by word of nouth; the railroiad had not been seen in our part of t the country. . All this made me i set a great store in conmpanonship, hut as I was always a man given over iuoten to likes and dislikes, and slow to know strangers, even in that solitude I didn't make free with all those I did see. There was one man who came round once a fortnight. He was a packman by trade arnd known to every body as ' Pedlar Jock.' He carried his pack strapped to his back, and trudged along with a heavy, knobbled stick in his hand. 'Many a lonely mile he 'ravelled oa foot, selling his wares to, the villagers and servants in the country houses, and even to the great ladies themselves. The pedlar was an impor tant man in those days, not only carry. ing sinall wares in the shape of buttons and thread, as he does now, but silk pieces, ribbons, valiable lace, and even jewellery sometimes, when comimis sioned by the great ladies. He was a welcome visitor in cottage and hall, and a great retailer of the latest gossip from the world. I grew to welcome him, too, as eagerly as any, and he was first favourite of all our customers with the wife and me. A pleasant- looking chap lie was ; not over tall, with a lean, wiry figure that make walking easier to him than to most men ; keen black eves, and hair thickly flecked with grey. Every fortnight, rain or shine, as re gular as clockwork, he appeared at the ' Fortune of War,' his round over, with an empty pack and full pockets, on his way home to bring round a fresh stock of goods. He did a roaring trade, and I some times warned him that he ran a risk of having his money stolen on those lonely walks. ' I've been on the road now these twenty years, and never was attacked by foot-pads but once. I suppose they don't like the look of my travelling companion here ; it did me good ser vice that day,' and he shook the knob bled stick significantly, It was the life, not the money, he cared about, for, one evening, as we smoked our pipes together, leaning in our usual way over the little bridge that spanned the river, he told me that he had no belongings. ' I'd once a wife and little one like yourself,' he said, and his black eyes looked less keen than usual. ' I buried them both the same day, mother and child together, and it was this wan. dering, restless life that kept me from going mad. 'Tis just the life that suits rie, and heaven grant that I die in harness.' He knocked the ashes from his pipe, went into the house to say good night to Mary, and set off on his lonely tramp. He got his wish, poor chap I One day, business being slack, I left the wife in charge, and walked to the nearest town, about five miles away. We were running short of drinkables, and, after leaving the order at the brewery, I walked about a bit, and had a chat with one and another, until it was time to go home, for I'd promised Mary to be back early. The first sight that met my eyes as I crossed the fields was a man digging in the garden. ' Who's that ?' I asked Mary, as she came out to meet me, with the little one holding on to her gawn. I wasn't best pleased, for, in my hasty way, I'd taken a dislike to the fellow's appear nace at first sight. SA poor man on the tramp for work Joel; I gave him some meat and bread, and a mag on ale, on condition he dug up the potato patch. You know you've been going to do it, on and off, for a long while. I thought it such a good opportunity. Poor creature, he must have been starving, for he ate the food like a wild beast. I knew you'd be pleased.' She evidently was and, woman-like, thought all the more of her bargain for getting it cheap. To tell the truth, I was uncommonly pleased too to see that potato path nicely turned over, but I wasn't going to let the wife see that, and he was as unpleasant-looking a customer as ever I saw. I went out again presently, and watched him. He was a farm labourer, if his smock- frock and clay-stained trousers were to be taken as evidence, and he threw up the clods of earth as if they had been no heavier than thistledown. He was strongly built, with huge hands and feet and a face as expressionless as the palm of your hand. He refused to meet my eyes, but slouched over his spade, and darted a furtive look at me when he thought I wasn't looking. Though I disliked his appearance. I saw he was a fellow to work, and I told him that if he didn't find employment on one of the old farms in a few days' time, he could come and do one or two odd jobs I for me. About a week later heturned up again, having found no regular work. A stained, dilapidated, old blue coat, with large brass buttons, had taken the place of the smock, and his trousers Shung in festoones about his ankles. He was such a miserable looking beggar that, though I dislhked him as ever, I hadn't the heart to refuse him work. After all, thepoor devil couldn't alter the appearance nature had givenr him; so, acting against my instincts, I gave him work that kept him going for a few days. The day for Pedlar Jock's visit drew near, and, sure enough he turned up at his usual time. The wife and I had just finished dinner, and Mary was Scalling in the man from the garden to give him his meal, when the pedlar's hearlty voice sounded beside us. He was eager to get a toy out of his pack for the little one, and resting it down, opened it out. As he did so, the wash leather bag containing his money fell, Swith a clank, to the ground. I was fac ing the door, and at that moment the labourer entered in response to my wife's call. As the metallic ring of the money sounded, the first expression I had ever seen on his stolid face passed acrols it. Very slight it was, only, maybe, Ie a pool when a light breeze wrinklt its surface, but there was a greedy lont in Vc· hii- eyes that made me think he'was, n Iplehps, not such . tfool as he seemed. h plikming up the bag of money; I stuffed I io nothe pack. Pedlar Jock was tool harl y. The man was leaving that day, for I d had no more work for him, - and when he had finished his dinner I paid him c his wages, and saw him slouch away ,town the road. He neverlooked hack rnce, and I was uncommonly glad to see the last of him, as I thought. l'v?lar Jock left us again at his usual itie. Whether it was the toasted oheese for supper or not, I had fearful dreams that n:ght. Nothing *a body could catch hold of as it were, but in describable danger and gloom seemego h ,iging ahout. The very vaguenesi made it worse, and when I awoke in the morning, I felt low-spirited ,enough for anything. Tim'e went by as usual, but the Wednesday didn't Pedlar Jock ' I'was an unheard of-thing, and the first time he had missed coming since we had settled in the neighbourhood. A keen disappointment it was to both of us, and when we sat down in the evening we owned it to each other. As for nime, I didn't know how I liked the sight of his lean, brown face andi the sound of his cherry voice until I knew the loss of them. My pipe lacked its flaovur, and was bitter in my mouth. Chaps who make few a few friends count all the more on those few. Several days passed, and we saw nothing of the pedlar. Ona morning, who should arrive but our friend the tramp. Hie didn't want work, having procured it, lie said, in the fields of a farmer in the neighbourhood. He paid for it too, though his worldly gear did not show signs of improvement. His coat was more weather-stained and dilapidated than before, and in addi tion had lost one of the bright buttons at the top, and a jagged piece of the cloth had gone with it. A sudden thought struck Mary. ' Sure enough, he'd do to hire for a scarecrow,' she said, the untidy rent offending her eyes. ' There's that old coat of yours, Joel, hanging up in the lobby ; he may as well have it instead of that rag.' The man eyed her over his tankard ofale, with his shifty gaze, looking uncommonly pleased, and presently walked away in a coat of mine that, though old, looked magnificent in com parison with the one he left behind. W'e suggested that he should take it away, but he gave one of his cunning leers, and shook his head. Mary flung it into the outhouse later on, remark ing that it would do to put up on a stick to scare away the birds when the fruit was ripe. All this time I could not shake Pedlar Jock from my thoughts. To. morrow wi's the day he ought to come, and I vowed to myself that if he did not put in an appearance I would start a search for him. He did not come on the following day, but on the Thursday a man 'rode by who lived in the town where the pedlar was well known-in fact, where he made his headquarters. John Hay croft said that Jack had not been at home, he knew, for that his (Haycroft's) wife wanted to purchase some ribbons and other gewgaws, and had asked her husband to call at the pedlar's lodgings. That decided me. I went to the squire, who was a justice of the peace, and lived at the great house near the village, and represented to him my fear that the pedlar might have met with foul play. The following day the stream was dragged, and the two deep near the ' Fortune of War,' and one or two pieces of water on the pedlar's beat, with no result. Jock had com pletely disappeared front the neigh bourhood. He was missed by many, but by nobody more titan ourselves. One evening I stood leaning on the rail of the little bridge, smoking a pipe and thinking of him. We had so often stood there together that 'twas but natural he should be in my thoughts, and I was puzzling my brains to find a reason for his absence. I remember it all so well. There was a bird picking away close beside me on the rail, looking up at me with I his bright eyes, his head perked im pudently on one side. Suddenly I felt the wellknown slap on my back with which Jock generally i greeted me; the bird flew up with a whirr of wings, and I turned round, uttering a delighted exclamtaion. ' Yes; there he stood, with his pack strapped to his back stick in hand, looking just as usual, and yet there was r something in his eyes that made my I outstretched hands drop to my sides with a queer,'paralysed feeling that I t couldn't understand. 'Touch him, lay a finger on him, I daren't, though I i felt a fool for my pains, and the slap t on my back had been real enough. \Ve looked full in each other's faces for a little space of time ; then Jock raised his hand, and pointed across the fields in the direction of the stagnant i pool. 'Twas broad daylight, mind you, and t a little glint of sun caught the pooi, I and seemed to point it ou: too. I let r my eyes follow the direction of the out. I stretched hand, and for an instant the paralysed feeling came over me again. I and the pipe fell on the ground at my feet. Then the numbness passed off, f and I stooped to pick it tip. When I I raised my head again, Pedlar Jock was Sgone. A horrible sensation of fear came over me; Iglanced about, though I knew, somehow, that I shouldn't find Shim. The silence was so intense that Sthe blood ran cold in my veins, and I beat a retreat. Mary ran downstairs from an upper room, looking ever so : pleased. ' Just to think of us dragging pools I and making such a fuss I' she exclaimed laughing, and looking beyond me, so rthat I turned my head to glance back ;over my shoulder. ' Why, where is he, a Joel, and why doesn't he come in and rgive an account of himself?' She caught sight of my face, and rstopped short; I suppose I looked well t nigh as queer as I felt. Then I up and I told her what had happened, but halt s ingly, for I was never a man to believe a tn ghosts. 'Nonsense 2' she said; '* why, what Sare you thinking of, Joel ? I was look Sing out of the upstairs window, and saw him standing on the bridge with you. When I left the window he was , telling you something, I suppose, and \- pointing towards the frog pond. I saw Shint as plainly as I see you now.' Well, to make a long story short, I Snever rested nutil that pool, the only one we had left unsearched, was drag Sged. 'Twas easily done, and there, sure enough, was poor Jock's murdered Sbody. His skull was smashed in, and hbe was well nigh unrecognisable. There mus, .ave been a hard struggle, for the bank was broken and the grass torn up. I had often passed along the path felbd, little reckoning that, only separ ated from me by a thin hedge, lay the disfigured corpse of my friend. Clut ched in his poor swollen fingers clutched so tightly that it seemed as if, evlen t death, lie was determined to cling to the one clue that could lead to the Ihscovery of the murderer-was a discoloured brass button attached to a fra tment of cloth. t'hey thought me mad-the squire anid uI of them collected round tile body for at si;ght of it I cried out, and set off at a run for the * Fortune of War \'hen I returned with the lati w.,r's old coat we fitted the piece of, ,,h and button to it, and then we Ira he murderer down. \Ve hadn't far to seek. W\hey he had remained in the neigh b ,urhoodi was unaccountable, though the, dto sa5y that murderers are some timns i npelled by a strange power not their own to lurk round tile scene of tire r mnine. He conlfssed that he had dit .g di thle pedlar's steps, having gone ,ll nn? the road only to return by tile fields to lie in wait. Each day he had ntaended making oil with his booty, but e ich day as it dawnedt excited fresh fears ttf detection in his guiltry mind, uid hal still seen him in the neigh bourho ,I. His hesitati..n brought him toi thi gallo 's, and plunishment was ssehlnl better deserved. lPedlar Jock never alppeared to me again. It anyone doubts that what I hIav sarid is trite let him r;lk it over with the wife; he'll find it hard to cmrrvern a woman against tIr will. - E. ,I J. in " Sketchy Bits" 