Sermon for Sunday. Glorying in the Gross. By mm Late Bev. 0. H. Sfusoeon. But God forbid that I should glory, save in tho cross of onr Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is orucliled unto mo, and I unto tho woihl.-Gol. vi. 14. - The main port of our eabjeot lies in Christ onxoiflod, in whom' Paul gloried.' Ho does not say, " God forbid that I., should glory, sivo in tho death of Christ » j but .in. the oross. You do not realise, I think — wo ban- not do ao in those days— bow the use of that word " cross " would grain on ears refined in Gaiatia and olsowhero. In those days it meant the felon's tree, the . hungtuan's gibbet ; and the apostle, therefore, dobs not hesitato to put it just so : " Save in that gibbot on whioh my Mostor died." Wo bavo beoomo so ucoustomod to assooiate the name of "the cross" with .other senti ments that it doos net convoy to us that seuso of disgrace whioh it would inflict, upon those who hoard -Paul speak. A family sensitively shrinks if ono of its members has been huuged; and much the samo would bo the natural feeling of ono who was told that his leader was. crucified. Paul puts it thus baldly, he lets it jar thus harshly', though it may prove to some a stumbling blook, und to others foolishness ; but ha will not olouk it — ho glories in "tho cross." On tho other hand I earnestly entreat you to observe: how. he seems to contrast tho glory of the person with, tho shiime of tbo suffering; for it is- not simply the death of Christ, nor of Jesus, nor of Jesus Christ, nor of the Lord .Tosus Christ, but of "our Lord Jesus Christ." Every word tends to. set forth the majesty of His eharaoter, and the interest whioh all tho saints have in Him. It was a cross, but it was thocross of our Lord ; let ns worship Him ! It was the cross of our LordJeaus the Snviour; let us love Him! It was the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ the anointed Messiah ; let us reverence Him ! Lotus sit at His feet, and learn of Him ! Booh one may say, " It wus the cross of' my Lord Jesus Christ"; but it sweetens the whole matter, and gives a largeness to it, when wo say, " It wus the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ:" Oh, yes, we delight to think of the contrast between the precious Christ and the painful cross, the Son of God and the shameful gibbet. He was Immanuol, God with us ; yet did He dio the felon's dca'th upon the accursed tree. Paul brings out tho shame with groat sharpness, and the glory with great plainness. What did ho mean, however, by the cross? Of course lie cared nothing for tho particular piece of- wood to whioh thoso blessed hand3 and feet were nailed, for that was more materialism, and has perished out of mind. Ho means tho glorious doctrine of justification — free justifi cation — through tho atoning sacrifice of Jesus Christ. This is what ho means by the cross— tho expiation for sin which our Lord Josus Christ mado by His death, and tho gift of eternal life frooly bestowed upon all thoso whoby grace trust in Him. To Paul tho cross meant just what the brazen serpent meant to Moses. As tho brazen serpent in the wilderness was the hopo of tho sin-bitten, aud all tbat'Mosesliad to do was to bid them look and live, so to-day tho cross of Christ — tho atonement of Jesus Christ— is tho hope of mankind, und our mis sion is continually to cry, "Look and live! Look aud livo!" It is this doctrine, this Gospel of Christcrucificd, at which tho present age, with all its vaunted culture and all its vain philosophies, sneers so broadly — it is this doctrine wheroin wo glory. Wo are not ashamed to put .it very definitely , we glory in substitution, in the vicarious sacrifice of Josus in our stead. Ho was ' ' made sin for us who knew no sin, that wo might be made the righteousness of God in Him." "All wo like sheep have gono astray ; we have turned every one to his own way ; and tho Lord hath laid on Him the iniquity of us all." " Christ hath redeemed us from tho oursc of tho law, boing made a curse for us , for it is written. Cursed is every one that hnngoth on a tree." Wo believe in the imputation of sin to. the iimocont person of our covenant head and representative, in the bearing of the penalty by that substituted one, and the clearing by faith of thoso for whom He bore, tho punish ment. Why do we glory in the oross? Iutho oross of Christ we glory, because wo regard it as a matchless exhibition of the attributes of . God. We see there the lovo of God desiring a wiiy by which He might save mun- kind, so that it plan is perfected by which the deed can be dono without violation of truth und justice. In tho cross wo see u strange conjunction of what once appeared to be two opposite quulities — justice and mercy. Wo see how Gud is supremely just ; us just us if He had no racrcy, and yet infinitely merciful in the gift of His Son. Merey uud justice, in fact, become counsel upon- the samo side, and irresistibly plead for tbo acquittal of tho believing siuuor. Wo glory in it as the manifestation of the lovo of Jesus, Ho was loving inusmueh us Ho camo to earth at all ; loving in feeding the hungry, in healing tho sick, in raising thodcad. tie was loving iu His whole liiu . He tvas embodied charity, tho l'riuce of philanthropists, tho ICing of kindly souls. But, oh, His death 1 His cruel and shameful death ! bearing, ns we believo He did. the wrath duo to sin. subjecting Himself to the curse, though iu Him was no sin ; this shows tho lovu of Christ at its highest alti tude, and therefore do wo glory in it, and will never bo ashamed to do so. Wo glory iu tho cross, moreover, because it is the putting away of sin. There was no other way of mukitig an ond of sin, and making reconcilia tion for iniquity. ,To forgivo the transgres sions without exacting tho penalty would have been contrary to all tho threateniugs of. Gud. It would nut havo appeased tho claims of justice, nor satisfied the conscience of tho sinner. Ho peuuo of mind can he enjoyed without pardon, and conscience declares that no pardon can be obtained without an atonemont. How, Christ did make bis soul an offering for sin, when His own solf He bare our sins iu His own budy on tbo treo. With His expiring breath He said, " It is finished !" Oil. wondrous grace ! Pardon is now freely published among the sons of men, pardon of Hiioh wo see the justieo und validity,. So fur lis the east is from tho wost, so far hath God removed our transgressions from us by tho death of Christ. This, and tin's alono, will pat awny sin ; therefore in this cross of Christ we glory ; yea. and in it alono will ,wo glory evermore. It has put away our sins, blessed be God, so that this load and burden no more weighs us down. It lias breathed hope and ponce and joy into our spirits. I um sure that no ono knows how to glory in tho oross unless ho has hud an experimental acquaintance witii its peuco breathing power. I spook what I' do know, and ..testify what I have felt. Tho burden of my sin lay so heavy upon mo that, I would sooner hnvo died thau havo lived. Many a. day. and many a night I folt the flames of hell in tho anguish of my heart, because I know iny guilt, but saw no way of righteous forgiveness. Yet in the moment the loud went from me, and I folt overflowing, lovo to tlio Saviour. I fell at his feet awe- striokon that over Ho should havo taken, awny my sin und mado tin end of it. The matchless , deed of lovo won my heart to Jesus. Ho changed my nuturo and renewed my soul in that samo hour. But, oh, tho joy. I hud! Those who havo sunk to tlio very depths of despair and . risen in a moment to tho heights of poaco and joy un- speukublo onn toll you that they must glory iu the cross and its power to save. Why, sirs, wo must boliovo ueoording to our own cnusoienco. Wo cimnot bolio that inward witness. Since then wo have gone with this remedy iu our hands to souls that have bean near despair, aud wo havo never found the medioino to fail. Many and many a timo havo I spoken to peoplo so depressed in spirit that they seemed not fur from tho madhouse, so hoavy was their aouso of sin ; yet havo I novor known the matohloss music of Josus's name, iu any case, fail to ehurm tho soul out of its despondency. " They looked unto Him, and were lightened : and their faces wore not ashumed." Mon who, beoauso thoy thought there wus no hopo for them, would have desnorutely continued iu sin, havo read that word "hopo" written in- crimson lines upiin tho Saviour's dying hodv, and thoy havo sprung up into confldonoo, liuvo entered into peace, aud henceforth liavo begun to lead u now life. Wo glory in tlio oross becnuao it ' gets at mon's hearts when nothing olso can reuch them. Tbo story of tho dying Saviour's lovo bus often impressed thoso whom all tho moral lectures in tho world could novor liuvo moved. - Whou thoy hnvo aeon their sin laid on Jesus, thoy havo Sloved Him, and bated the siu that made Him to suffer so grievously as their substitute. Then tho Holy Ghost has oome upon them, and thoy hnvo resolved, with Divine strength, to drive out the sin ..for whieh the Saviour died : thoy havo begun a new life— ay, and they have continued in it, sustained by that same sacred power whieh first constrained them ; and now thoy look forward to be per fected by it. Then ho finishes up with the third cruci fixion, which is, "I am crncified to the world." We shall soon seo tho evidence of this crucifixion if wo notice how thoy poured contempt upon liim. Oneo Paul was a great rabbi, a man profoundly versed in Hebrew lore, a Pharisee of tho Pharisees, and much admired. He was also a classic, scholar and a philosophic thinker, a man of groat mental powers, arid fit to take the lead in learned circles. But when Paul began to preach Christ criioifiod — "Bah," they said, "ho is an utter fool ! Heed him not !" Or olso they said, ".Down with him ! Ho is an apostate !" They cursed him. His name brought wrath into tho face of all .Tews that mentioned it, and all intelli gent Greeks likewise. "Paul? He is no body ! ' ' He was everybody when ho thought their way ; ho is nobociy now tlint he thinks in God's way. Thoy despised, thoy shunned him. His old friends forsook him. Some got out of the way, others pointed at him the finger of scorn in tho streets. His persecu tors showed their rancour against him, now stoning him, with lyncb-law, and anon with a semblance of legality dragging him before tho magistrates. Paul was cruoified to thorn. As for his teaching, they decried him ns a babbler — a sottor-fortb of strange gods. I daresay thoy often sneered at tho cross of Ohrist as >a nine days' wonder, an almost exploded' doetrino, und said, "If you do but shut tho months of such men as Paul, it will soon bo' fgrgotteih" I havo heard thom say in modern timos to lesser men, "Your old-fnsh'inned 'Puritanism is nearly dead ; ere long 'it may ho utterly extinct!" but wo preach Christ crucified — the sumo old doctrine ns tbo apostles preached ; and for this by tho contempt of tho wordly wiso wo- are cruoified. How, dear Christian friends, if you keep to the oross of Christ you must expect to have this' for your portion. Tlio world will ho crucified to you, and yon will bo crucified to tlio world. "You will get the cold shouldor. Old friends will beoomo open foes. They will begin to hate you more than they loved you before. At home your foos will be tbo men of your own household. You will hardly be able to do auything right. When you joined -in their rovols.you were a fine fellow ; whou you could drink, and sing a lascivious song, you ivero a jolly gooil fellow; but now they - rato you as a fool ; thoy scout you. us a" hypocrite, and slanderously blacken your character. Let their dis like bo a badgu of your disciplcship, and say, " How also tbo world is crucified to me, und I unto the world. V/hutover the world says against mo for Christ's snko is tlio mnuuderiug of a doomed malefactor, mid what do 1 euro for that ? And, on tho other hand, if I bo rejected and despised, I am only taking what I always expected— my. cruci fixion — in iuy poor, huinbfo way, after tho luminal' of Christ Himself, who was despised and rejected of men." Tho moral and the lesson of it ill) is this : Whatever comes of it, still glory in Christ. Go in for this, dear friends — that whether yo bo iu honour or in dishonour, in gooil report or ovil report, wliether God multiply; your substance and- make you dob. or .diminish, it and .make' you poor, you will still glory in "tho oross of Christ. . If you have health, and strength, and vigour to wgrk for Him, qr if you havo to He upon a bed of languishing and bear in pationoe ail your heavenly Father's will, re solve that you will still glory in the oross. Let this be tho point of your glorylhg throughout your livos. - Go down tho stops of Jordan; and go through Jordan itself, still glorying in tho oross, for in the glory yon will find that -the blood-bought hosts celebrate the oross as the trophy of their redemption. 