: '. THE HAUNTED YACHT, , ' „ A Clyde Ghost Stopy. ,'A ghost story is to hand from tho Clyde iri the shape of. a narrative published by . the "Glasgpw: Weekly Mall," which has a steam 'yacht for its locale. A month ngo, we read. tlie yacht In que'Btlon was anchored In Rothe say Bay, when one of the hands was drowned at that cold, eerie hour, known as "the turn 0' the tide." Tho skipper and another mqn Joined, the yacht next day. Tho hand who had .wrought along with the man' had taken another ;BltuaUon. Just a night or sb after th'ey,. Jqlned the vessel they were startled in their .brinks by hearing seven distinct' knacks iu the forecastle. They looked out, examined tho yacht, and finding nothing to account for tlie. weird ' sounds, were mystified. The knocking continued; then, after awhile, It stopped,- but from the sensational Incident — for tliey were the only two persons on board — they sat- up and wondered wliat tho sounds could have been. A night or two afterwards two gentlemen were on boni-d at the hour when the rapping and rattling amongst the pots commenced, nnd one of ' it hem shouted over to where the- skipper and engineer were resting, "Were you knocking, captain?" The yacht wub ordered by its-owner to snil to the Kyles; where It Is used every day by a gentle man and his party. The two men are left on board at night. The' other night at 12.15 the knocking began, and,' to their horror, the lid of a pot was -flung -at them, and struck the ladder betweon their beds. "In the name of God, what are you?" shrieked tlio 'captain, "Speak, -I say! ' speak! If you want any thing, make a sign," That Instant the noises ceased. ' The lid' of the pot. It Is said, could not'have" fallen off, 93 It was on -the pot when seen 'last. ! Next morning the sounds com menced at the self-same hour; and lasted the . usual time, till after 1 o'clock. The noises resembled a poker being lilt on a grate, and tlion tho sounds of bare feet hurrying along the deck overhead. There were no traces of rats on board. Tho two men, thinking that the "spook" might be concerned about some belongings,, searched the yacht through and through, but came, upon neither , money nor anything else. Tho captain Is said to be a seaman of proved courage, a life abstainer, a regular church-goer when ot, home, and not superstitious. 