E LE CITRIC SPARK S. Hamlet ! A first-class prod action. Prize sheep at Kusi's up to 114 lbs. '' First aid to the injured ' on Tuesday next. There shoald have been a bigger house at the Ex. The marram grass is to be planted by the Council after all. xne most gorgeous spectacle ever seen in tbe Port : 11 Hamlet.' ' Hamlet' costumes, scenery appoint ments superb. At the Ex. Dr. Neild was present at the Excelsior Hall on T uesday evening last. Next Tuesday evening the great success — ' Hamlet ' — will be repeated. The Daffodils had another very snccess fal dance on Wednesday evening. Councillors were seriously discussing the dog qnestion on Tuesday night. ' ' Dabber ' says you mast bring your tea and blanke's to get your favorite spot. Will the men who plant the marram grass get 3s. 4d. a bag or 6j. 61. a day ? Both, or which ? Port Melbourne Catholic Association won by 85 points against Carlton on Tuesday evening. Curtain rises and tbe ghost walks at a quarter to 8, at the Excelsior Hall, on Tuesday evening. Some of the councillors have not much . faithin the charges levelled at the ^^''^flke^he^^iacco! The ' naughty boy's ' ma must bave given him some Bound advice. He has been exceptionally good since. Stray dogs bave a warm friend in Cr. Tarver. When registered dogs get astray . they ought not to be ' snatched.' We went to the ' home-made tea '' oa Tuesday night, and enjoyed ourselves. Home-made teas are not too bad; Overheard at tbe. Wesleys5 match. — Jones (to Brown) : «' I say, Brown, who's that woman ? Is she the captain's missis ?' At the Council meeting. Cr. Edwards : ' le Mr. Turner a member of the Stray Dogs' Protection Society '? ' Which Turner ? We have been asked 'Who the golden haired girl is that thinks A.S. is in love with ber when he isn't?' Give it up. Nest please ! The 'lazy twin' spent most of his time throwing stones at the ripples on the river, until the ball would Suddenly wake hitn.up. Qoly Trinity Church has had an infusion of light during the week. A new lamp-post bas been fixed j ast inside the main gates. Some of the audience on Tuesday even ing expressed the idea that they had a very hazy recollection of seeing that dialogue before. Quite probable. An application to the Council by the School Board of Advice for more trees for the Nott-street school yard was favor ably received, and the application granted. Cr. Boyd's satire can be deep and cutting. He bas the art. which very few men possess, of making his sarcasm appear as though it fvere intended seriously. If the law made it a capitalofifeace for murdering songs National Bias 'Would be 'no more,'* judging by his rendition of ' Will 'o tbe wisp *' at tbe party on Thursday evening. A matter of importance. — If Mr. Turner pays .£80 to mop up all the ?tray dogs, how will he make a profit on them ? Does be hope to do business with them dead or alive? V- How very awkward it is to have ladies who take an interest in your welfare, isn't it Charlie ? What a nice forcible argument you oould have had with tbe umpire only for ? . . Which of our chess players is. the ' im petuous Irishman ' who doe3 love a slaughtering game ? 'Arrah, Pat, me dar-rlin ! if you cant play slowly, play as slowly as ycu can !' Mr. E.G. Fiiz-gibljon, in a pamphlet he baa caused to be circulated, says some very '« warm ' things about tbe Age. He has, as Cr. Edwards painted out on Tues day night, got his war-paint on properly. Young Australia does not like John Chinaman any baiter now than he did twenty years ago, and whenever the State School bas a half-holiday John's laundry in Bay-street is generally a scene pf ' gaiety.' Constable Taylor had a ' narrow squeak ' on Sunday morning. He was dragging for tbe body of a man, and toppled off a fender at tbe side of tbe pier. He managed to grasp a chain, and thereby saved his life. A sailor fell from the pier on Saturday night last and was drowned. When fall ing overboard be was firmly grasping a bottle. He was evidently too beavily weighted with the bottle, for be appeared no more above the surface. Or. Armstrong said, on Tuesday night, that there might be a remote chance of Port Melbonrnei property owners getting a rebate on money paid to the Board of Works for sewerage connections. Coan pillors (lotto voce) : Very remote. Members of the Chess Club are serionsly considering the oflier of that gentleman for a free room and ' nnfree draughts.*' It will be further discussed when the thirsty weather comes on ; in the mean time they wouldn't mind a trophy. We have It -on good authority that one j of our most promising chess players ' ? abandoned the gainein despair a few years ago because bis betterhalf walloped him 20 consecutive games ! This proves * ; woman's superiority again ! But we are,. ... «? glad to Bay that nti despercuadum is now* .* Jlis motto. ;£:??:-£' i r- 5 our gentle readers ; life is too short to bother with it. * It would have been con signed to its properpl&ce;, but for the . fact that a bevy of young ladies asked to bave it inserted. It may be taken as a sample of Australian literary art. Here it Is. — ' What price W.M. letter, pair shoes size 5s Who would bave thought it ' When Mr. Fitz-gibbon's document en titled ' Comments on the Age, & c,' was before the Council on Tuesday night. Cr. Walter wondered — ' Who wrote it ?' Cr. Edwards said that was explained by signature at the end. Cr. Tarver raised the query as to who was to pay for it, but Cr. Plsmmef settled the matter by answering the ConociUor that thsve was no doubt. Mr. Fits-gibbon .would pay Commenting on its style. Or. Edwards pointed out that ' Mr. Fitz-gibbon was at his best when he had the war-paint on.' The white Knight has had to adorn himself with that particular mix- j tore pretty often during bis lifetime. \- ' i A public meeting will be held in the town hall on Wednesday evening next, When Mr. E. C. Marten will give an address on tbe unemployed qnestion. ? * * Another important sale of property is announced by Mr. D. C. Armstrong, to take place on Saturday, 17th Jnne, on tbe premises, at 3 o'clock. The shop is the one occupied by Mrs. Will nocks, furniture dealer, in Bridge street {Mrs Willcoeks haying decided to retire from the business), and the cottages ' are situated in Spring street, between Espla nade EaBtand Bay street. 