"MORNING POST." "Neither by fear nor by favor, but by \Truth alone." Cairns, Wednesday, May 17, 1899. A POLITICAL RIPPLE. THE following Mackay item will be read with interest 'locally. The Standard of April 25th says : - "We notice that Mr Charles Lilley, son of the late Chief Justice, Sir Charles Lilley, has signified his iatention of practicing as a solici- tor in Cairns. A section of the Cairns electors has been bewailing its hard fate in not possessing a competent man to run for Par- liament, but it is slated that .Mr Lilley is about to reside in Cairns with a view to contesting the next tlection. Mr Lilley should be able to satisfy the yearning of the so-called ' Ministerial Party ' of Cairns. Such a party we do not think really exists, tbe, feeling of the electorate being distinctly Labor and anti-Labor." Let the POST now politely correct and enlighten the Standard as to the state of the Ministerial element in Cairns politics. There are only two parties here -Labor and Ministerial, and although the latter, owing to the lack of organisation, were defeated last election, for the first time in "the history* of Cairns, they feel fairly .comfortable about the result of any HKssstMsaaipaign. ~ Cairns has'every reason to feel grateful and thankful for the recognition shown the port by past Governments, and the return of Air Givens, the Labor nominee, last election, is in no way an indication of Ministerial backsliding, but merely the inevitable result of slack organisa- tion and procrastinated effort. No local candidate was forthcoming, for the simple reason that all business men of any standing or special ability in Cairns were doing too* well to exchange their commercial sphere of action for the narrower and" less re- munerative field of politics. Within three weeks of the poll Mr John Hoolan, as the only available candi- date possessing the ghost of a suc- cessful chance, was taken under the win" of the Ministerialists, notwith- standing that he labelled himself "Independent" and loudly, pro- claimed himself as warm a friend of Labor as- ever' he was. in the past. The cry 'of "rat" and " turncoat " assailed Hoolan from all sides, and notwithstanding that many Ministerialists declined to vote for him, and that some of the Party in their wrath and annoyance went over to Given* in preference, he polled within 73 votes of the successful can- didate. The Ministerial Party in Cairns have taken the lesson of. their first and last defeat very much to heart, and lince the election have or- ganised a strong and influential Mini- sterial Political Association. The roll is now being carefully looked after and some "of us feel thoroughly satis- fied that Cairns'will, from the date of next election, be as it always was, a pocket borough for ».candidate op- posed to the effete andretarding pol- icy of those now representing Labor ¡n politics. By the' way- it may be, jut s»£ well Tor is to here add that Hoolan was accepted by .tocal Minis, terialists last election simply as " the stop-gap member for the Georgetown railway. He is a warm advocate for the connection of the Etheridge with the port of Cairns, via Chillagoe, and as such was tolerated and supported by the Party. - Cairns people, too, 'of at least the Ministerial influential sec- tion of the community, are of the opinion that Hoolan is not half-a-bad sort of a fellow personally, but Minis- terially he is now as dead to the dis- trict as Julius Caesar. We do not fay him a very high compliment when we say he would make a mach better member than the auly-elected Givens, but long before the date of next elec tion there will be a candidate in the field who will carry the undivided sup- port of the local Ministerial Party, and the confidence and respect of a big majority of electors.' It is news to this paper to learn fro n the Mackay Stan- dard that Mr Lilley, solicitor, is com- ing along with the avowed intention of standing next election in the inte- rests of the Ministerial or any other political party.. Mr Lilley has- not -been approached by any authorised local agency, cor do we think it likely | thathewiUbt. ' ; ; j 