THE TRANSVAAL CRISIS « TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — Under the above heading your correspon dent, "Vis Major," whllo undertaking the very laudable task of removing wrongful impressions re the policy of the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, in ills turn displays a woful lack of knowledge and consequent want of appreciation of tlio mo tives and intentions guiding tlio Gladstonian policy of "peace and goodR-ill to all men." Tbo whole tenor of bis letter is so absolutely opposed to the spirit of Gladstone, and the advocacy of the views contained In tbo letter are an Insult to tho memory, of Gladstone, espe cially when the writer poses, as' the 'first words load 0110 to believe, as a defender of the Glad stone policy. , Imagine, II you can, any- man with tho spirit of a Gladstone suggesting the employment of 75,000 native warriors to march through the Transvaal free State, and make short .work of tho Boers in thoso countries! An old proverb recognises that many a man has fallen into a pit he has dug for others, and if "Vis Major" was ns practical as his letter would lead us to believo he Is ferocious, he might have ask ed—and what after? A very superficial knowledge of South African history might havo taught him the danger of playing with edged tools. The following extract from a letter written by Sir Bartlo Frere to General Ponsonby. might possibly open his eyes: — "Tho fact is that, whllo the Boer Republic was a rival and semi-hostilo power, It was a Natal weakness rather to pet the Zulus as one might a tame wolf; who only devoured ono's neighbor's sbeep. Wo always remonstrated, but rather feebly, and now that both flocks belong to 11s, wo are rather embarrassed in stopping the wolf's rai'ages." It is a pity "Vis Major" suggested this amiable solution of tho Transvaal difficulty before we re ceived the cable communication, showing that Sir Alfred Mllner has taken, action against ; the very course suggested by "Vfs Major." IMany of us And It difficult in the post to bollove tho charge tbat Anthony Froude brought against us of systematically and persistently inciting tho native neighbors to harass the Boors for Oui- selflsh ends. But in the light ot tho advocacy of "Vis Major." and tho necessity of action on tho part of Sir Alfred Mllner. It really seems as if Froudo's history were not ouly conflnned, but that history is repeating Itself. In tho true Gladstonian spirit. let us hope that the rather feeble remonstrances ot tbo past may bo less feeble now. Inferentially. "Vis Major implies that Glad stone was riglit In bringing tho war to an end because of its non-suocess. the loss in. killed and wounded of 800 men. and because through mismanagement wo bad become tbo laughing stock ot the world (which Is all moonshine, by- the-bye). Not bo do I understand Gladstone. All England kneiv that, successful or - unsuc cessful, Gladstone and a majority of Englishmen wero determined to bring the war to au end, because thoy believed tbat the Boer» «eie fight ing, for a freedom they deserved — not the loss, of 800, men, not tho fear ot ridicule. Theso could not affect , the mind of a Gladstone. It WI., Major" is desirous of knowing what high-born motives moved Gladstone, let him read the con cluding passages of ono of the finest speeches, over delivered in tho House ot Commons, whou a comparatively newly elected House, -representing the latest constitutionally expressed views of tha British nation In a IIouso of something like 600 members, by an immense majority defeated a vote of censure, if I remember rightly, by Sir Michael Hicks-Beach against tho Gladstone Qo- ' vernment' for bringing what Giadstono described on more than ono occasion as an- unjust, -u..- boly, bloody war" to an end. History records no more striking instanco of national moral coirrago to right a wrong, and those who tall- of "revenge" are strangers to Gladstone, and, wo«ld discount and for over nullify tho moral effect produced in Europe by. an act which did more to eradicate "Vis Major's" alleged stains, wore tbey ten thousand, than a dozen great bloody victories would do. What a remarkablo , resem blance there is between Vis Majo. and Glad stone's old-time opponents, and what a gulf tbc.o I3 fixed between,- "Vis Major and Gladstone. Gladstone's old-time opponents wanted revonge— savage retaliation— bcloro granting tho Boer his freedom. "Vis Major" wants It a generation later. True, he does not- use tho- wo, d fio- venge," or savage retaliation. . It read.. „o m— b ' more Christian-like to hope that the stain on tho \- British flag -will bo eradicated. There is this difference between -Vis Major and Gladstone's old enemies: That when they discussed the then proposed savage retaliation, they did not'mean tho "savago"- literally; but "Vl3 Major" really means "savage" retaliation at the hands of savages. No man who. knows that a younger generation of -Boers has sprung up since tho last war, and that men of .the Presi dent Sfceyn stamp have replaced the old men, pan. possibly believe that the Boer is ignorant of the fact that he owes his- liberty not to the battles ho won, but to tho love of justice and. freedom which tho great heart of England, ever champions when the true position of affairs becomes known. "Vis Major's" summary of facts is, I contend, historically incorrect, and the deductions from his own statements, as I shall show, illogical. Tako the mischievously erroneous version of tho fight at Bronkhurst Spruit. Colonel Austru- thcr, who was In charge of the British force, was like most really brave soldiers a fair-minded man, and before he ijied of his wounds received in that engagement, left on record In his official dis patches a high itrlbute to the kindness ami huma nity of "the Boer, when the fight was over, and also a complete refutation of tho version given by "Vis Major." By the bye, during the past four months this charge that the Boers under the cover of a flag of truce, entrapped the British In a treacherous manner and attacked them una wares, has been applied to every engagement and every battle (not even excepting Majuba- hill) tbat was fought. Not Kruger, as "Vis Major" asserts, but Paul de Beer rodo out to meet Colonel Anstruther, with a flag of truce.- The Boors tried to persuade the colonel not to advance, warned him not to do so. Informed h!,m that an advance would -bo taken' as a' declaration ot war. Colonel Anstruther, liko. -a true sol dier, and believing, as he'atterwords stated, that he thought himself capable of defeating the Boers, sjmpiy stated that his orders wero to go to Pre toria, and to Pretoria he must go. Then Paul de Beer and the colonel, who had mot on neutral ground between' tho respective' forces, each gal loped back to his orti men, and the firing began. The Boer was certainly guilty of tho crime ot choosing to fight on the better ground. But Con ductor Edginton, who so heroically saved tlio regimental colors, supports the testimony of Colonel Anstruther, and' also of Paul de Beer that fair warning was given by tho Boers, and that the flag of truce was not sent treacherously to entrap and massacre the British force, hut to prevent bloodshed, and by giving fair warning to induce the British to retire. "Vis Major's" charges ot cruelty and oppression against the natives come strangely from us, when wo recall tho destruction of the Laiigalabele tribes in Natal or tho massacre of ICoegeo in 1878. , . Can we afford to throw stones at our neigh bors? In that very yoar, 1878, one- of our in spectors of native polico In Queensland, a now chum to the business, was sufficiently unsophis ticated lu forwarding a report to the department to state tlio number ot (blacks he and his boys liad shot down. Tho writer saw the official reply to the effect that the department- wero not desi rous of particulars; all they required to know R'as tbat the blacks wero successfully dispersed." Acts ot cruelty to natives occur whenever lawless men arc beyond the reach of civilisation, and its polks Iu favor o£ the Boer, it should not bo forgotten ' that, numerically small as they arc in the Trans vaal, and though Uio country bo larger than Franco, a million of natives have lived peacefully in the Transvaal, working with and for them, and I rather think It wo could show any such result in any British-governed community wo could Ig nore any charges qC systematic cruelty uiid op pression that might bo manufactured' against Ais. "Vis Major" brings up once more the oft-repeated and as oft-donled assertion that' the feeblenoss of tlio Boer was such that he had., to ask for the British protection. As a matter of fact. Sir Bartlo Frere, in a report forwarded to the 'hoiiio officials, stated:— "Thoy (the Boers) maintain that tho act of annexation was , grounded on incorrect representations of tho stato,ot tlio Transvaal nnd of tho feeblenoss of tliolr Government." Sir Bartlo Frere confirms this Boor version over aud over again, by blaming Sliepstone for having been too premature In his act of annexation; and, hor- riblo as it may seem to evory right-thinking man, thoro is no shirking tlio fact that Frore's idea was (to use his OR'n simile, quoted above) that wo J ought to havo continued potting tho tamo wolf until tlio ravages on our neighbors' slioep had really brought about a complete collapse and feebleness of iho Boer Government to such, an oxtont as would havo prevented tlio Boer from eyery ro-osscrting his claim to independence. Thus, while Sir Bartlo Frero deplores tho virility and strength of tlio Boer Government, "Vis Major" wrongfully assumes the contrary. His implication that wo fought tha Zulus in a pro-Boer philanthropic spirit is funny reading to tiloso who aro acquainted with tho wholo of tlio Carnarvon -Froro chapter of South African history. "Vis Major" writes: — "Tf Kctshwayo in undated Natal it would be a moral certainty that thoy would carry everything before thom." Surely if there was a danger of tho natives carrying everything beforo thom, it must bo confessed that in fighting for Natal, which was British, wo wero really fighting oil our own, and tho Conser vative Government Unit had. approved of all that , Sir Bartlo Froro did was mean enough -partly to savo Itself from, disgraco and defeat by publicly putting tbo blamo upon its faithful tool, whilo somo of its members privately consoled him for boing compelled to mako him a scaptgoat. Finally, I hop© that tho ghost of Giadstono may not arise to haunt tho dreams of "Vis Major" and all others who are talcing advantage of his 14U.ZWMUW 4'WUI UAiUW LUU &w;\l wurit lio (11 IR— Yours, etc., CONRAD VON IIAGEN. 