Writers in the Weeklies. Bishop Samuel Thoraton thinks he was badly used by the Ballarat bench when their worships refused to accede to the re quest of his lawyer and refrain fron an tori jig up a conviction against the church man. The Jaypoes scorned to think they could not take this course, but there is a distinguished precedent. The lato Fellows v nee broke a city by-law by driv ing over one of the Yarra bridges at a fa.J pace when vehicles were not allowed to cress faster than at a walking pace. His Honour asked their woiships to allow him to put £'l in the poor-box. as he was an unwitting offender. The request was granted. Surely a bishop may be per mitted to have no knowledge of the law when such ignorance is an excuse for a judge. There is a case, loo, of the City Court offering to let a defendant off if he would contribute XI to the poor-box. "Can't afford it," sak| the defendant. "Fined one pound,’ responded the bench promptly.—Punch. The story of the Golden Gully clergy man, who forsook the pulpit and his texlto deal physically with a riotous sinner in the congregation, and ejected the disturber of the peace after an exciting encounter, is rapidly going (he rounds of the Aust ralian press, says. Atticus, in the Leader, and editorial comment invariably takes the form of metaphorical pat on the back for the niuscu|ar pastor. In the nuning towu sliip where 1. passed my boyhood there was a small Wesleyan chapel, in which ser vice was conducted by pious Cornish milieus. Upon the wall over the .superin tendent's table hung a rhymed warning, to the nnrcgeneralc, wh osomelimes raised disturbances in the little tabernacle. The admonition, which was meant most seri ously, read thusly: — Tins is a place in which to pray. From morning until eve ; If you're not good enough to stay, He good enough to leave I I regret to say this method was not as ef foctive as that of the Golden Gully cleric. The social instincts are very nearly al lied to the sense of duty. A journal’-* whom I (Woomera) know illustrates it with a ston* at the expense of a Crown prosecutor. They were travelling from Bonalla n company with a few kindred souls, and one anecdote followed anothc • in such quick succession that the time pleasantly beguiled. When they parted at Spencer street the Crown prosecutor sai 1 to the journalist—T hope I may have thr pleasure of mooting you again. You tell U very good story." A few days later ih • journalist had to attend a trial in the North-east, in which a woman was charged willrunurdcr. As he went into th: court fho Crown prosecutor was impres sively ui.diing up his opening address : - “And, gentlemen," he said, “when von have hoard the evidence yon will. I fear, have no alternative but to declare that the unfortunate man was foully and mali ciously murdered by the miseiablc pri soner at the bar." His voice shook with emotion, and the words seemed so solemnly prophetic that every woman in court wept while men coughed suspiciously. As the Crown prosecutor took his seat he noticed Iris journalistic acquaintance of a few nights before at his elbow, Instant Iv bis solemnity fell away as the loaves fall in autumn before a gusty wind, "Are you going down to-morrow night I’ Tin; journ alist said he was. “Good! good!" said the Crown prosecutor, with a beaming face. “I’ll go wid you." They had been arguing on the relative merits of bens and incubators. Presently the tall gentleman, by way of clinching the matter in the lion's favour, said, “I once had a little brown lien that would hatch anything; she would sit on a door knob till she hatched a door, or on a gla-s bottle till the result was a dozen of cham pagne; sitting was her business —she Ie r t others to do the laying. When I re turned homo from Africa last spring 1 brought homo a pot alligator; he we; very tamo, and used to follow mo about like a dog. and would lie for hours in one particular place, basking in the sun. bis mouth wide open—lie never did any barm, and he and the fowls were the best of friends. On one occasion business took me from home for a few days. On my re turn I was (old that the alligator was dead. I went to site —-yes. sure enough, there he lay, stiff and cold, in his own favourite spot, his mouth even wider open than usual. I looked inside—there sal the little brown hen ; she bad seen his wliite teeth, gone to nest on them, and sat so hard that they had grown to such an extent as to cause lockjaw, from which the alligator had died. The incubator ad vocate walked sadlv nwav at the conclu sion of this pathetic narrative.- -Wceklv Times. Police Magistrate Ponton has had a very extensive experience of “drunks" <d all sorts, amid his evidence should be of particular value to the drunks’ commis sion, although there would be certainly and obviously an exceeding great difficult;, about putting int opraeiicc the methods of prevention suggested by the PAL’s ex perience. Mr. Panlou finds drunkenness to bo largely due to climatic influence, says the Leader, and testifies that (here is in variably a rush of drunks at the City Couri- after a close and oppressive day, when there has been a scar-city of ozone in the atmosphere. This is most interesting, and gives us thoroughly to understand why that class of weal,her is called muggy. It is seen now that Mr. Baracchi, the Government astronomical expert, should have been a prominent-member of the commission. Give the ordinary drunk hi fair amount of ozone daily, and he will remain moderately sober; deprive him of his duo allowance, and he rushes to tb ■ public bar for an exhilarating medium of another kind. What could be plainer All that the commission need do is re call upon Mr. Baracchi’s. department *<-. exert a more efficient control over tin weather, and see that Victoria is nof stinted in the matter of ozone. One cannot- help overhearing converse tions in trains when people in Ik loud!, and forget that the partition only goes half way to the roof. A cough is quit e useless as a wajJnin;g savs the A indrab sian, because in mauv eases the conversa tionalists do not, realise that they are saying anytlaug absurd. Two ladies’in the next compartment wore recently discuss ing spiritualism , and agreed that Mrs Softsoap was genuine because she had be gun asa washerwoman, and now drove her carriage, which, after all, is fairly good proof tint the lady lias genius of a kind "I went to her," said one of the talkers, 'kind ‘‘rod T wanted to speak to father’s spirit, and when she told me if was there I said, ‘Thai you, father "and ’cscz'Yes.’ Then I sez, T ’spose you know Jane’s moved,’and ’e scz. ‘Yes; I’m glad to know she’s well an’ ’appy.’ Then T sez, 'Of course, you know where she’s mo red to?' and ’c scz reproachful, ‘Do you doubt, me?’ and’ I soz, 'Oh, no, o’ course not’— sho’a wonderful is Mrs. Softsoap.” Nof so very wonderful, though, if her client? only ring up their deceased relatives hi Paradise—or wherever they happen to h< in oidei to ask it they know that Jane - moved. The solemn ceremony seems in stupendously out of proportion to the va lue of the information given and received, though one cannot help admiring, too, the cautious ghost’s non-committal attitude a.: to Jane’s present address. In (he dairy of our old acquaintance. Pcpys, -.rill be found the’Temark made bv a travelling jeweller in the sixteenth century, that you can get large sums of money out of the English people through an entertainment to or for some one. when you can't get a groat for charity direct. I won’t say, says Pcrrybinglo in the Weekly Times, that Australians fol- W altogether in the footsteps of their forefathers, but there is uo doubt that a fete or a bazaar will go a long way towards extracting the money out of the pockets of people who won’t part unless they can got something in return.. Doubtless goo I prices wore obtained at the recent drama tic matinee, but then people got in return such a show as they certainly could not see for tho ordinaiy ticket price. The A.N.A. have been generally successful at this kind of thing, and I sincerely hope the present fete will pan out richly. Tho committee have worked very hard, and deserve success. I enjoyed myself there very much, but I kicked at the spelling competition. At about nine p.m., when a fellowis worn out with mtclcelual work and reircahmenl, lie doesn't care to be bothered with tin. ambitious tfioris of a. lot of sixth class boys to spell dedicator and chrononhotonthology.' I remommber once, after a visit to the .11, oval Society, and the subsequent discussion of a lobster supper, losing a pound over a mild at tempt, to spell parallelepiped, I also re member an amiable and accomplished journalist, who, when the members were engaged in ( ho temporary dissipation of the old game of "Birds, Boasts, and Fishes.” puzzled and delighted everyone by spoiling camel with a "K.” Life, is too short for this kind of business, especially in play hours. ’ i 