[?] 1 PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. ' JOH1T "W. Author of "Dr. Juvenal's Patient" "A Girl of Resource." "Grasping the Shadow," Ac., Sta. ' COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXI.— (Continued.) Some minutes later the grlm-vlsaged wo- fnan who attended to Jasper's domestic re quirements announced that the cab tvas . at ! the door, and the three rose. Barker declar ed his Intention of riding on the top, and so the brothers had the interior to themselves. Jasper's tongue wagged freely all the way to the docks, but Dlclt made few responses to his sallies, for his heart was heavy at the thought of that which was to come. It was a strange scene of noise and bustle which they entered: Rough men were hur rying to and fro, ropes creaked and groaned, hoarse voices swore grim caths, and the black water washed , among the shipping with a gurgling sound like that of a giant choking. Another cab pulled up In front of theirs, and from It descended two women, one elderly and stout, the other young and slim. Dick at once pressed; forward to meet them, and o-n perceiv ing him the girl rushed into his arms with a little cry. ' "Sweethearts, eh?" the cnptnin murmured, and he thought of the days wheh his wife hiid come down to see him off. She might have been here now had he treated her more like a human being and less like a dog, and perhaps it was this thought that made him turn aside and declare that It was time everybody was on board. : Dick lingered until the last moment, and then, with one final, long-drawn, passionate ' klES. he confided the sobbing girl to her mother and hurried to the gangway. Jasper was waiting for him, and he held out ,- his hand. "Good-bye," he said. "Good-bye, old fellow," the other answer ed. "You'll— you'll ' see that no harm be falls her?" "I will." ' Just as he was stepping on board somebody came rushing out of the gloom, and called loud ly. It was no other than Carnegie. . "Just in- time to wish you God-speed, old chap," he .cried, breathlessly; and he wrung Dick's hand hard. " The gangway was withdrawn, the ropeB cast off, the engines began their work, and the "Rose," with many a creak and gronni 'sheer ed slowly away, and was swallowed up In the darkness. Her owner stood on the edge .of th'e quay, watching her until the very last, and as he turned to go home his one prayer was that the vessel might strike a rock and go to the. bot- . - torn. ; > , CHAPTER XXII.— A STRANGE TALE. Although Dick did his best to accommo'date himself to the unpleasant conditions in which his folly had placed him, It cannot be sold v. . that he was quite successful In hiB eridea- -' Vour. How, Indeed, could this be? He had made a sudden plunge from affluence to In digence. He, who had slumbered on a fea ther bed enclosed byl hangings of rose-co loured silk, had now to seek repose In a stuffy bunk and to cover Ills limbs with a coarse blanket; he, who had sat down in fashionable restaurants to feasts prepured by chefs who were artistes in their professions, had now to take a place at a deal table In company with a couple of trough men who dined off the bare boardB and who made their clasp knives perform the double duty of knlte and fork. ' It was Impossible for him to conceal his re pugnance to this mode of life. His cpmpa- riions' manner of eating. If It could be termed eating, for rather did they, tear their food to pieces like a pair of wild animals; their coarBe language, their fondness for rum, and vile tobacco, drew fromlilm very visible ex pressions of diBgUBt, expneslon, b.e It said, that were soon noticed by the two seamen. They quickly remarked the passenger's supe rior airs, his flnnlcklng way of eating, and the difficulty he experienced In s'wallowing the coarse fare, and naturally they found in him a suitable object for their clumsy wit. They sneered openly at his white hands uild well-cut clothes; ' they made offensive re marks respecting "toffs," remarks which be came openly personal when they were In their cups. Dick's temper was, indeed, severely ; tried, and when he felt It escaping bis control he left the cabin and sought the cooler atmo sphere of the deck. Here, cigar in mouth, he would pace to and fro, conning the old story over ugain. To shower all the opprobrious epithets he could think of on his own head relieved his heart a little If it did no renl.gdod.. During these restless tramps on ' the rotten planks he picked out the most offensive terms of per sonal abuse the dictionary contained and ap plied them to himself, with the Arm convic tion that he deserved them, as no doubt he did. The Impression ho lia'd formed of the good ship "Rose" was no better than the Impres sion hfe had formed of lier captain. That she was unseaworthy he soon learned, and her general delapldated condition convinced him that his brother did not set aside a large sum for repairs. . The vessel. In fact, was as broken ' and battered as the footwear . of a tramp In a bad way of business, and Dick could hot help expressing a fervent hope that they might encounter no gales of extreme vio lence. During the first few days of thd voyage he made several attempts to establish matters dn a friendly footing with Barker and his sa tellite, but the two men met all his efforts at conciliation with bearlike surliness, and he was finally compelled to relinquish his well- meant Intentions. It soon became mani fest to him that this enforced voyafee on the weary waste of waters was to be full of difficulties. Barker, even In ids sober moments, was about as tractable as a mule, and during his periods of intoxica tion he resembled a madman. The rum bottle was his favourite companion, as It was the mate's, and tliey retired to the cabin at night, there to sit up carousing, often until dawn ap peared. Mar.y a time Dick could hear them singing snatches of songs, cursing and quar relling, after the manner of men who are in fluenced by liquor. It was dangerous to come In contact with' either or them at these times, wide berth. Barker was secretly hated by Ills nnd the rest of the crew gave the cabin a men who, however, stood too much In awe of him to dispute his authority. He ruled them lira rough and ready fashion: cowing them to submission with his bull-dog ferocity and ox- like strength. . ... Yet it was mainly by threats that he them lii subjection. He was an adept In. the nrt of blasphemy, and hls ve'.ce was equiva lent to the roar of a bull. The occasions when he resoled to open violence were fetv and far between— that Is, In respect to the tars. There was a boy. however, who came In for a full share of kicks and cults, and whom the cap tain, In fact, frequently utilised as a football. This lud, Joe, was a smart little chap of taking appearance, who did his work well, and who certainly deserved commendation oftener tlinn punishment. Dick soon became convinced that Barker either hated the boy, or else that he was a tyrant, pure and simple, for It Is certain that he chastised him when he did not deserve It. The lad had attached himself to Dick almost immediately, and ran to his bidding with the greatest rendlness. It was to the young man that he poured forth his troubles. He admitted that he was un able to account for the captain's anger, for the treatment he now received at Ills hands was quite the veveree of that he had exporl- need in tile pnst. If anything, he had been a favourite of Barker's. Another point that sunn struck Dick was that the Bkipper invari ably made a practice of ill-treating the lad In Ills presence. It almost seemed as though he wished to provoke hlB passenger to Interfere, for he would cast jeering and defiant glances In the young fellow's direction as he cuffed and buffeted the hapless urchin. Dick's blood ran hot on these occasions, and 11 w'ns only by the exercise of the strongest restraint that he kept Ills hands off the ruf fian's unwieldy carcase. He saw that it was Barker's aim to pick a quarrel with him, and he carefully avoided the traps that were set. He had no wish to come to blows with this rum-drinking tar. Not that he feared the result. As a matter of fact, he rather prided himself upon his skill with his lists. Ait a thorough pneed man of fashion lie had, of course, taken an Interest in the "fanoy," and he had received lessons In the "noble art," from" some of the foremost bruisers of the day; moreover, he was longing to give Bar- kef a forcible illustration of his .knowledge. Prudence, however, taught' him to restrain his bellicose spirit as long as possible, in the hope that the tyrant would cease 'his Inhu man conduct. But that hope was never veri- fird. The day was at hand when he was to lecrn Barker's motive in thus seeking to quarrel with him. The quarrel came about one evening, a week or so after they had left port. Dick waB walking the deck ub usual with his cigar, thinking of the "girl he had left behind" when he felt a tug at nls sleeve, and looking down he ericountc-ied Joe's round face. Ab a rule Joe was the embodiment of good spirits, and his chubby face (It was a wonder it was so ohubby by the bye, considering the poor fare he received) was generally brimful of boyish fun. On the present occasion, how ever It was as white and terror-stricken as though he had seen a ghost, or as though Barker was at liis heels with the rope end In his hand. , , "Why, what's to do now?" Dick asked, tak ing the boy's trembling hand, and fully ex- 1 peeling a request that lie would protect him from hlR enemy. "O. sir, I've sometliin' hawful to tell you," Joe gasped. "I've been a-llstenln' to the cap tain an' Sam. I've heerd all they've said. I must tell you." "Take your breath," Dick answered. "They're not after you, are they?" "No, Blr. they're a-drinkln' rum in the cabin. I wos a-cleanln' It when they came down, an' I heerd the captln' sholitin' for me. I knew I wos in for a llcklh' ah' so I got under the bench an' lay slili. I darn't move for the life of me. 'E an' Sam come In. 'Never mind the young varmint," Sam seB. 'let's have a go at the rum, my throat's like a lime kiln.' '.' Here the lad paused a moment to take his breath. "So the captln' 'e gets out the rum, an' they start drinltin'. The captin' 'e wasn't so noisy as Usual, an' Sam 'e noticed this. 'Wilt's to do. Bill?' 'e Fes at length. 'You ain't got the blue devils 'live yer?' 'Blue devils be .' the captln' sen. 'I've summut on my mind, Sam, that's wot's the matter. I've. a job on 'and tills voyage as means two '.undred pound If it's properly carried through.' At that Sam 'e stared 'ard. "fw'o 'undred pound,' 'c ses, thoughtful like, 'Bill, you're a gettln", of me.' 'As sure us my name's William Bar ker, It's a fact,' the captln' ses solemnly, 'But .wot's It for? Sam usks; 'Wot's It for?' the captln' ses, 'Why, just for kriockln'.a.man on the 'cad. "... . . Here's 'due's breath' gave out again, and he was compelled to halt In his tale. " 'Wot man?' Sam asks next. , 'Wily, I'll tell you.' the captln' 'o ses. 'I've meant to tell you all-nkng,- Snip, for I want you'to 'elp me. I reckon you're wlllln1.' 'Why, certainly' Sum ses, 'but I must 'ave a finger in tile money, bag. Bill.' 'Fair . aii" square's my " ' mottor,'. 'O don't you fear,' the-eaptin' se3. .'You shall, come cut alright. If a fifty pun' .note iu'U satisfy yell you shall 'oVe it." 'Fifty pun Sam cries, 'why, I'd knock a dozen men ivev the 'end for that. Give us your 'and, pard- ner.' Tt en they shook 'ands, -an' bent their 'eads togelhei over the table. The enpttn' said 'o was to receive two 'undred pounds if 'e got rid of youl" . "> 'f ri.eV" D'.c'-c tmirmiir2d. "Yes. Blr." "And who was going to pay him such a suni, pray? Did ho say?" "Yes, sir. 'N said it wos your— your bro ther, sir." "My—" Dick gave a start, and then laugh ed. "O, lad, you must have been dream ing." "Indeed, sir, I wasn't; . 'E told . Sam all about it, an' 'e said ''<4 wanted to work It acci- deiltal like;' and that that .wos why 'e wos beatin' me. . 'E wahts you" to Interfere, an' then 'e ses 'e'll stick "Is. knife In you, an" Sam 'e's to be a witness thrit-'e did It iirself- defence." Dick stood there, bitlng hls lips hard. He hardly knew Whether to bclleVe this extraor dinary story or not. : At first he was Inclin ed to discredit It. That Jasper could be the Instigator of such a foul scheme as this pass-, ed all .belief. He questioned the boy again and agalh.'but he failed to shake his tale.- Joe was convinced that he had heard aright, and he- went on to say how Barker meant to beat him to a degree- he had -never done before in the hopo'that Dick would at last give him the opportunity he desired'.' . "You won't let 'lm 'urt me, sir?" the boy pleaded, fearfully. . ' "No," the young man returned. "The next time he lays a finger on you I shall- have something to say, Joe,: so make your mind easy." .. Then, dismissing the. lad, he continued his solitary patrol, cogitating deeply over the tale he had been told. - It was a dark night, and a rising wind play ed a dismal tune amongst the cordage; and topped the waves with a' fringe of foam. The "Rose" wallowed clumsily In the trough of the waters, and now and again a wave broke over her, making her timbers creak and groan fear fully. Dick buttoned his coat: up to his throat, and with his cap pulled well down over his brows, aiid his hands thrust In his poc kets, continued Ills walk. , -His brain was In a whirl.- Joe's story stuck In his mind with unpleasant tenacity, and fill ed him with/grave concern. "To believe In It meant thatj'his brother had been playing a false and most abominable part, which might well make any man recoil from him In disgust and loathing. Naturally, he was reluctant to think that Jasper was untrue.; moreover, lie found it difficult to do so. ThiB was not to' be wondered at. Jasper had shown such an; Interest lu his affairs, he had befriended him so earnestly. Was it possible that he had been wearing a mask? He remembered now how Mllly.had distrusted him. Was It pos sible that she had good reason for this dis- . trust? Again, the boy Joe could have nothing to gain by inventing the story he had related. There must be something, yet. what, he hard ly knew. Nevertheless, the first little grain- of doubt had been planted In his breast, and In spite of his efforts to choke tt. it grew, with steady rapidity— as such seed will grow. (TO UK CONTINUED.) 