SKETOHER. ON THE TRAIL OF A G203T. There has been published this week a book under the title of ' The Alleged Haunting of B House,' which should cause no little stir in psychical and spiritualist oircles. It is edited by the Marquis of Bute and Miss Goodrich Freer—the 'Miss X' who figured prominently in the controversy two years ago, »B House'—for obviouB reasons its real name and that of its proprietor are not given by Lord Bute, but it is well known to be Balleohin House in Perthshire —having the bad reputation of being haunted, was taken on lease by the Marquis, and Colonel Taylor, a well-known Spiritualist, put in possession to investigate matters with the aid of Miss Freer and other Roman Catholic friends. They all kept diaries, which recorded their ghostly experiences, and this book tells the whole story. It is a capital book for the holidays. It carries on every page the elements of never ending wonder, speculation, and scepticism, to make things lively on rainy days at the ooast or in the country. We make some characteristic selections:— WHEN IIOBD BUTE HEARD OF IT. It was in 1892 that Lord Bate first heard of the haunting of B — House in Perthshire. Here is an extract from his j ournal: —August 7. In afternoon with Father H and Lord Dumfries to Falkland. He gives a long account of the physical dis turbances at B ; noises between his bed and the ceiling, like continuous explosions of petards, so that he could not hear himself speak. Father H said he had spoken of the matter to Mr S (the proprietor), who expressed an idea that the disturbances might be caused by his uncle, the late Major 8 , who was trying co attract attention in order that prayers might be offered for the repose of his soul. THE RESTLESS MAJOR S — . Major S was born in 1806, retired from the Indian army with the rank of major in 1850, and died in 1876. His two brothers died unmarried, and of his six sisters three married and a fourth, Isabella, entered a nunnery, and there professed the name of 'Frances Helen.' She died in 1880. The Major bequeathed B to the repre sentatives of his married sister Mary, and on his death was succeeded by her second son John, who was a Roman Citholio. The Major was a believer in spirit return, and many witnesses have attested that he frequently spoke of his own return after death. He was fond of dogs, and he frequently intimated his intention of entering the body of a particular black spaniel whioh he possessed ; but after his death all his dogs, including the spaniel, were shot, in order to render any such action on his part impossible. SFIBIT RAP FOB MAJOR'S STJOCESSOE. John S —, his successor, went to London in 1895 on family business, and was there run over by a cab and killed. Lord Bute, in his journal, under date January 17th, 1897, says—'I hear that the morning the late S of B left home for the last time, spirits oame and rapped to him in his room, doubtless to warn him, so that death was owing to the oruel superstition whioh had prevented him allowing them to be oommunicated with.' Lord Bute's informant seems to have been the Rev. Sir David Hunter Blair, now Father Blair of Fort Augustus Monastery. The son. Captain 6 —, at once let the house and the shootings to Colonel Taylor as the nominal bat Lord Bute as the real tenant; and then the fun began, _ YOUNG LAD* AND THB SPOOKS. Mrs G. writes:—* A young lady of by no means timid disposition, and possessed of great presenoe of mind, has often heard the swing door pushed open and footsteps ooming along the corridor, pausing at the door. The footsteps she had also heard going roand her bed. Many visitors have had the same experiences, and many have heard the wild unearthly shriek whioh has rang through the house at midnight.' THE CLOCK STRUCK ONE. Mrs G. gives her own experiences:—' The first night all was still, but the following night a succession of thundering knocks came from the end of the passage. Half an hoar afterwards my husband heard a pieroing shriek. The next night wa heard single knooks at different doors. The last night of our visit, I heard the cloc"i strike one, and immediately it ceased six violent blows shook our own door on its hinges, followed by deep groans. A man with bronzed complexion and bant figure has been seen by two friends of mine. They both dascriba him as having come through the door, and passing through the room in which they were, about three in the morning.' FIRST SIGHT OF THE NUN. Miss Freer's journal of her experiences is very good reading :— The maids tell ma thay heard the sounds of continuous reading aloud, which afterwards bacama quite familiar. The sound was always that well known to Roman Citholics, as that of a priest saying his office.' We decided to walk in the avenue. It was quite dark, but the snow gleamed so white that we eonld see our way to the plantation. In a few minutes I stopped. Against the snow I saw a light black figure—a woman moving slowly up the glen. She stoppad and turned and looked at me. When she came under the tree she disappeared. The others saw nothing.' In a letter to Lord Bute under February 25, 1896, Miss Frear describes this figure with some detail:—'These figures do not appear bafore 6.30 at earliest. They appear to be outlined by threads of light. It is only when the face appears m profile that one can describe the features, and this is somewhat prevented by the nun's veil. Ishbel appears to me to ba slight and of fair height. Her hair is dark, and there is an intensity of gaze which is rare in light coloured eyes., Lord Bate identifies the nun as probably Miss Isabella S , the favourite sister of Major S—, who became a nun in 1S50 and died in 1830. THE Doa AND THE SPOOK; •February 16—1 had an experienca thie morning which should be reoorded. I was writing. I felt a distinct gentle push against my ohair. I thought it was the dog, but he was not there. I went on writing, when oame another decided push against myself whioh moved me on my chair. I looked baokward, the room was empty. When MM W came in she oalled my attention to the dog, who was gazing intently from the hearthrug at the place where I had expected to see him. ' ISHBBSII' AND ' MARABT.' 'I saw the nun again, and an older woman in grey, who talked earnestly with her, she answering at intervals. My companions heard the voices, bat did not see the figures. The older woman afterwards became familiar, and the name of ' Mirget' was given to her half in fun, and simply because this was one of the two names given by the ' Onija' board—used by Spiritualists—in hypnotic writing, as 'Ishbel' was also given several times when her nam a was asked.' ' February 16—1 saw ' Ishbel' and ' Marget' in the old spot across the barn, ' Ishbel' was on her kbaes in the attitude of weoping, ' Marget' apparently reasoning with her in a loud voica. I could not hear what was said for the noise of the barn. Miss M— said, 'I saw nothing bat I heard a low talking.'' The editors in a foot-note say :—The nua to whom was given the name of' Ishbal.' This subject has baan already discussed, and the suggestion thrown out that the phantasm was an erroneous mental picture of the late Rav Mother Frances Helen, evolved fro in the imagination of a half- educated parson who had never sean the lady in question, and knew little about her. This figure waB seen many times by Miss Fras9r and Miss Lington, twice by tha Rav MC Q——,' and probably by Madame Boisseaux. who unhappily died suddenly bafore the editors had an opportunity of asking har for exact information. There were also earlier witnesses. She was never seei elsewhere than in the glea, except onoe by Miss Langton, and on the one occasion when a Bishop was saying Miss in the house, and Miss Freer saw her outside the window jast after the elevation of the chalice. It wa stated, however, by two separate witnesses, that a figure, probably the sama, hal baan seen inside the house on at least one occasion, when, soma years bafore Colonel Taylor's tenancy, Mrs 8—- was keeping her room, and a maid who was bringing up a trey mat the figure on the stairs, ani experienced suoh a start that she dropped the tray. The lay-woman dressed in grey to whom was given the name of ' Marget,' and who was sometimes see a in the company ol • Ishbel,' usually as though upbraiding or reproving her. She was seen by Miss Freer and Miss Langton, and her voice in conversation with ' Ishbel' was heard not only by them, but by Mr C—— and Miss Moore, Mr ' Q.,' and Miss ' Duff.' THE HAN WITH THE LIMP. ' February 21.—Again this morning we heard noises of pattering in the next room. The dog got up and sat apparently watching something invisible to us, tarciug his heal slowly as if following the raovemants of soma parson or thing across the room from east to west. Daring the night Miss Moore keard footsteps crossing the room, as of an "Id invalid man suaffling in slippers.' Miss H , another visitor, also heard the steps of an old man with a most peculiar limp. HE TAKES THB BUSINESS IN HAND. Lord Bate, in a private letter on April 29 to a distinguished ecclesiastic, says:—' We spent 48 hours at B — O n the way I was shown the enclosure in the churchyard wherein lie, in unmarked graves, the late Major S—*, his housekeeper, and his Indiaa servant. I would have gone and prayed there, but the plaoe seemed to me too public. The house is bright and cheerful, As her ladyship and myself lid not wish to be troubled at night, we took room in the wing whioh the late MajorS—-had built in order to save his children from the 'haunting,' and we slept theirqaite comfortable.- After 6 p.m. I went to the place near the burn where the apparition often appeared. I read aload the ' vespers ' for the dead, but no phenomenon appeared, nor had I any sensition. About 7.30 I went to room No. 5 and read aloud the first ' Nocturn of the dirge;' there was nothing to ba seen or heard, but I felt a strong sensation that persons were listening. (The words, in uttering whioh Lord Bate was thus affected, were—' Ragem cui omnia vivant venite ad oremus,' an invitation which he meant to include all intelligent baings). Daring the night slept well, Saw and heard nothing. Nax; day visitad haunted burn; saw nothing. At 10 o'clock, in room D, read th8 third ' Nootarn,* made slips of pronunciation and felt the presence ef others very strongly, and that it was hostile or evil, as thoagh they ware kept at aims length. A disagreaable sensation continued until I threw soma holy witar oa my bad before getting into it, when it sud- denly disappaared.* THE LAST BANS. MISS Freer, in a letter to Lord Bate, in describing the departure of a visitor—Mitne Boisseaux—saya—' While waiting for the carriage she touched my arm and pointed to the window, where I perceived the figure of 'Ishbel,' and 'Marget' sesmad to hover in the background. After Mima's departure the Bishop blessed the house from top to bottom. He sprinkled room* 1, 3, and 8 with holy water. Hi and the priests had hardly gone waen thare was a loui biag oa a little table. Thb Bishop and priests returned and the ceremony was repeated, after which the bang oooarred, bat much more faintly. This bang was the last phenomenon of an abnormal kind daring this tenancy.' SHALLOW AND IMPUDENT IMPOSTURE. As a saggestiva pandant, it is wortb recalling the trenchant article of the 'Times' writer, in which he denounced the whole affair as a greit imposture. Hare is an extract:—'Lord Bate's oonfidenoe has beou grossly abusad b/ some on a. It was represented to him that he was taking the most haunted house ia Scotland—a house with an established reputation for mysterious, if not suparnataral disturbances. What he has got ij a hoasa with no reputation whatever of that kinl, with no history, with nothing germane to his pu-pose beyond a cloud of baseless rumoirs produced during the last 12 months. 