OUR LONDON . LETTER. FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT LONDON, 24th March. Sir. Chamberlain hns 'been again taken to task for allowing the act of tho Newfound land Legislature avhlch sanctioned the lteld contract. He snld most distinctly tlint lie did not approve of It; lie hud criticised it In despatches, which hnd been made public; but he declined to recommend Its disallow ance. Newfoundland wns a self-governing colony, nnd must he supposed to know wlmt was -host for Us owu Jiitarosts. It is quite possible that the local Government and Le gislature were right, and that llie bargain with -Mr. lteld wns the only means of pre- servlug the colony from bankruptcy. But, at any rate, it tnust work out Its own destiny, and uot b'o spoon fed by the Colonial Office. Most people will t'liluk tlint, constitutionally, Mr. Ciinmhorlalii Is iu the right; although few people will agree witlr the policy of the Newfoundland /Legislature, v- , ; - The ruliiig. liocly iir Clilria— whetlier jt bc. the Tsuiig-lj-Yiiuieii, the Empress' Dowager "or. the Epiperor— appears to ,havb ; decided that It will not make any ../concessions' to- Italy. -But it -Is., probnble :tlint sooner or later tlie wishes of that" country wlii be car ried out, more especially If, as appears pro bable, they nre .bricked up by England.: Tlie dislike to mnke fresh concessions, .although not unnatural, will -have to be overcome. The manifest destiny of China is to ho! opened up to European, enterprise; ; /for a network of railways. 4o be laid; down; for trade! r,e. strlcttons to be removed, and for a free In tercourse to he brought about between the Chinese and the people of !: tlio West. In this great development,, which! is quite as much to the .advantage of China! as of 'Europe or America, Italy-has the right to a place, and the attempt of the Tsurig-ll-Ya- men to exclude her Is not, in the long run, likely to bb successful. The- despatches froin: Lord Cromer arid: Lord Kitchener about, recent events in .the Soudan deny that any orders wore given "to. kill the wounded after biridurinau,, and as sert that they were treated with the groat-" est possible humanity. But Fuzzy-Wuzzy Is ns Kipling. wrote; '.."generally shamming when , he's dead," and as British arid Egypt- Inn sold|ers fell In considerable numbers nt the hands of their dying "enemies, who neither asked nor- expected quarter, hut fought oil as long as the breath was In their bodloB,; it Is- probable that there were repris als. But Lord Kitchener flatly; denies, the assertion that wounded or .'unarmed der-' vlslies were. killed by our troops when no longer in 11. position to do, us nn Injulry. The treatment of the Miihdl's body Is. less de fensible than the conduct of the. troops. Lord Kitchener admits tlint, the hones were cast Into the waters of tlio Nile, arid lie de-. fends the proceeding as a political necessity, as otherwise the tomb. would have " become the rallying place for fanaticism. The step' was taken in the interests of the people of Soudan, ns well as of Its rulers. But surely It would have been easy to remove the body nnd bury -It somewhere ol,so, ns has,, been done with the Mahdi's. skull, which it now appears lias been burled at Wady Haifa. The whole Incident lias caused a great deal of disgust I11 this -country,, aud 0110 result of It Is tluit a strong opposition will ho lrinde to tho grant of money which It was proposed to make to Lord Kitchener. The Government, will no doubt carry Its proposal, but a largo section of the people of England con sider that the destruction of the Mahdi's tomb, and the indignities offered to. his re mains were unworthy a humane and civi lised people, and wore not justified' even by the tyrant's pica of necessity. A few months ago, Mr, M. Stern; brother of Lord "Wandsworth, 0110 of the Gladstone peers, and son of the Into Baron Stern, at tempted to force his way into Marlhorough House,. under the impression' tliat lie was the Prince of .AVnles.. Since that time lie has been kept by ills family under n; mild. form .of1 restraint, and a few daysi .ago there Was. a judicial. Inquiry Into -his state of mind.' It- .iya,s proved that although he professoil to bt in vgry inodcrnt'c circiiuistuuccs. he wris in reality worth £3,000,000 'sterling, and had more than .£00,000 at Ills credit' wltli his banker.' One of his peculiarities was tlirit when lie .drank a bottle of wine at dinner he immediately threw the empty bottle out of the window, that when straugers- ap proached he covered his head with a towel or newspaper, arid called out "klnlce liuky," that ouce a week lie clnppcil his hniids 'for half au hour at a time In order to summon the ghosts of Wellington and Napoleon, and that he was under the Impression lilint Pre sident Enure died of grief on! learning' that he (Mr. Stem) was kept in confinement at Elllinui Park. The question for the jury- to decide was whether lie was lusnuo or only occeutrlc, but they liud 110 diffleult'y In com ing to tho' conclusion that tlie poor fellow was Incapable of managing Vhlmsclf or ills affairs. t ' . - . A -melancholy interest attaches to the death on Ctli lust., ut- TTonoliilu, of rrlncess Kiilnlani, who; lit the Sandwich .Island's"' bad", retained their autonomy under the rule of the ro-al house of Kniiiehnirfolin, wns' the heiress presumptive to the monarchy, sliice the sri eccsslon was always lu the female line. Her mother was the late - Princess Llkellko, the sister of King Kalukana, and her father was Mr. : Archibald Clcghorn, . a. gentleman who, for.mariy years, carried oil. business as a banker at Honolulu. In 1SS0 Prliieess Knlulani was sent to England, for Iter 'edu cation, and she wns sent to a well-known.- school in Northamptonshire where she made good progress, and was much beloved by her school fellows and teachers. . In 1893 there . wns a revolution nt Hawaii; Queen Lilluo- kalaiil was overthrown, a provincial Govern ment-was appointed, and the. United States .were urged to annex the Islands hr the lnte-. rest of the sugar growers, who desired that their produce should be entered at Sun Fran cisco free of duty. President Harrison was quite agreeable, and a bill with that object- was, introduced Into . the Senate. But Princess ; Kalula'ul pleaflod her cause with .such' ability, and ber -manners and .'appear ance were' so plcaslug, that she made a strong impression upon the American people and upon President Cleveland, who withdrew the AnnexatIou.:Biil. . - Last year, .however, ...a treaty of nnrioxatlon was signed. Tho Princess has been living; recently at Hono lulu, yvhore her fnther'lwns possessed of con siderable property. :. She was endowed with a very ! considerable share of the physical beauty of her race, and through the many dis appointments which she 'had to endure she bore herself with, a; quiet dignity which showed blood and breeding. Since the com pletion of .her. education ,slio luid resided pnrtly I11 Eiiglrind niul partly lu tho Riviera, and was very popular: amongst a large clrqie of friends. Her death, at the early age of 24 from i'heumntlsiii .of the heart, Is unfolgn- . edly, lamented by . all ..the persons- whose acquaintance slio ever! made. The, American yacht Defender, which ls to ' compete with Sir Thomas- Llpton's yacht Shamrock for the America Gup next Octo ber; will carry 15 per cent, more sail than the. old one, so that the liew one will lmvo nearly 11,600 square feet of canvas.- Tlie opinion among nautical experts "at Ne w York Is that slic will outsail, the. old Defender over the 30-inlle course by from" S to 15 mi nutes,. It Is to iie hoped that1" the race, will not be made 'impossible by the number of yachts and steamers wlilcli 011 former occa- '.sloiis have crowded' round the competing yachts. ' - \- A point" of great legal importance was dri: elded on. Monday last by. Justices Granthaiii and Kennedy, in the case of Burrows v. Rhodes and Jameson. This action arose out of the Jameson Raid.: In the autumn, of 1S04 plaintiff became 11 trooper in the service of the South Africa Compnny, his engagement lasting for n year. When Its tormlfiatlon was approaching ho wns at Buluwnyo, and there he was Induced to- continue his service and take part In the famous raid, by false statements made by defendants ns io the character and legality of the expedition. The subsequent experiences of Trooper Burrows were somewhat disastrous. He took part iu tho fight, wns wounded, lost a leg and .was sent to England with the liability of holng prnwiiipd'nnfl n 8 \ciilIon of the Forulgu Enlistment Act. The defendants raised the preliminary Issue that oven If all these allegations were established they gnvo plaintiff 110 right to legal redress, Inasmuch as he, In common with defendants, was engaged In 1111 Illegal undertaking, and one of them could riot sue the other for any damage sustalucd In the course of the Joint illegal act. The court, however, declined to adopt this view of the case. Of course tho decision leaves the main question undecided; the plaintiff hns still to prove Ills ease. But the judges held that plaintiff, who was a private soldier, could not hnve any know ledge of the Illegality of the ruld, hut, ou the contrary, luid every reason to suppose that It was perfectly legal. It would cer tainly he 1111 anomalous and unsatisfactory condition of affairs if, I11 such circumstances, a man had 110 remedy at law against the persons whoso false representations had' got liliu Into trouble. \- It seems tolerably certain that the clauses lu the Regulation of Railways Bill which have- to do with automatic couplings will he dropped for the present, nnd tlmt no nttempt will he inndo to reintroduce tliem until the whole , question iins been 'thrashed out by n select. committee. - -. There is much difference of opinion as ,to whether automatic couplers nre.renlly saviours of life and -limb, aud the number of accidents in the United States Is greater than lii England, I11 1800 there were 309 rail way- employes killed while un- cpupllng cars, whereas In this country there were only, 10 fatal cases during tlio same yerlod; One member of the deputation of rnllway- innringers which recently -had nn Interview with tlie' president of tho Bonrd of Trade stilted that, the use of the coupling pole having been made, compulsory lu Ills works inany years ago, the traffic, of 10,000 -waggoiis-hud'bcen conducted without 11 single fatal nccjdout. ; It seems' tolerably certain that automatic .coupling Is not the! great success, that Its advocates assert It is. M; Lockroy, the French Minister , of Marino,! appears to attach .a considerable amouut of importance to the submarine boat recently introduced Into tho French navy. "lYe now. possess, "_lie stated,' "a submarine boat capable of doing real service; It is at once n military weapon and a navigable ma chine. The Gustavo Zede had 0110 great fault— It was blind. To-day It Is so no longer, for an apparatus has just . lieoii fitted, en abling It to perceive Its' enemies ami strike thorn with accurate him. Thus .-Franco' hns lu her bauds a new destructive engine ; of terrible power." M. Lockroy admitted that pt the time of the Fashodn. Incident France could only.' have manned one-third of the batteries nt Brest,. Toulon rind, Cherbourg "Most of tile shells bad not even fuses." M. Lockroy ndded that the Dupuy Cabinet was doing everything I11 Its power to make. France as strong at sea as England was. The terrible . fire which' occurred at- New York and wlilcli reduced to ashes the Wind sor, one of .the largest hotels in New York, aud caused the loss of 50 lives, lins directed public attention; both in tlie United States nnd this country, to the unsatisfactory posi- 'tlou of many hotels. The. chief of tlie fire brigade'- in Now York stated that all the hotels built more than 15 years ago wore veritable fire traps, and tlirit 110 trilling al terations -would Improve them. The, owners of the! 'Windsor Hotel had been asked to erect some lire escapes In front of the house, but tliey objected to do so, on the ground tlint It would detract froni Its hnndsonfc np- penranco. There Is no reason to sripposo that tho huge hotels In London are nny snfer tlinu those of: Now York. Tlie County /Coun cil lias done good work "with the .theatres of Loudou. It is high time tlint their officials directed their attention to the hotels. There Is some reason to believe that the fire at the "Windsor was the work of incendiaries,- who took advantage of .the confusion to rob tho Inmates of their money and jewellery. Grent popular 'indignation Is felt against the owner of the hotel, Mr. -Gerry, and it Is snld that actions for damages to tlie amount of £12,000,000 sterling have already, been com menced against .iiim, e The Qreyfus -> case drags slowly on. Madame Dreyfus' lias asked that three couri- 'srilipr3,riMessrs;r' Crepriu; , Petit, and iilriblle- tler,rwh'ri-'t'oifductcd-the origiuariuqtiiry. lrito the ; d'emiinii for ' revision, should ho .ex cluded froin sitting, on the . ease, and the secret - dossier, has not yet been presented. In tbo Senate,- ri. strong feeling! 'lias been ex pressed agiiiiist '.mllltnry officers joining tlio French :Fathcrlniid League, anil. M. Dupuy has denounced tho statements made I11 some of- the French newspapers tlmt Baron do Slohreuheim; the late Russian Ambassador, lmd' organised a system of espionage as a disgrace to journalism! Public feeling In : France is much less excited thnri it was a few month's ago, and' the nation rit: largo will receive tlio decision of the Court of . Cassation w! tli tolerable' equanimity. Tho .only unsatisfactory feature Is that the court bus" received so strong it hint tlint it Is not to acquit Dreyfus, that It will, iu -all -proba bility, act upon the suggestion. ' ; A11 important- paper, oil . tho Commercial Rivalry between England and Germany, 'was read ;a few days ago at the .Society- of Arts by Mr. C.' Rozcnraedl. The lecturer srild tliat England was still at the head, but that Germany was making great exertions _to ob tain tho lead. England must neglect 110 op- por.tnhltles, and , devote all. .her . energies, to extend her share of the world's trade.- The nation whose trade . and commerce were most extensive' and widespread was the na tion whose wealth anil power was the great est, nnd who would do iiiost.for the human races, carrying civilisation, justice and free dom to the uttermost parts of tlio' globe.- There Is a strong feeling against sen tencing persons to denth for having acciden tally killed porsous 011 whom they intended to' perform Illegal operations; rind Miv Justice Darling recommended the grand jury at Chester tile other day. to be no longer parties to returning true hills; for murder ,In such circumstances. . -. But there Is unfortunately only too much ronson to bellovo that the number of persons who, under pretence of being fortune tellers or masseuses, tiro In : reality propniiod to perform Illegal operations Is very much on tho lncrense In this country. An 'extraordinary crime has just been dis covered In London.- A imui ami lyoninn, both Germans, wlio. gave the' ririmo. of Brlos- craeh, took lodgings near the - Tottenham Ooqrt-rpnd. They told the . landlord that tliey had. just- ailrlved froim Germany, arid: the man stated that lie Intended to gain his -living as a . bnker. But It was. soon quite clear that the woman was In! reality a for tune teller, and- she had a largo clientele amongst; tlio Gorman" working eltiss" popiila-- tlon of the neighborhood. They appeared to hnve pienty.of irioriey, and the man never at-' tempteij to do any work.. One day they dis appeared, -arid the next morning tlio landlord received . a letter, stating that they hrid both gone out. of town for a few days; - After wnltiiig.for.soiiio time, without their 'return ing, lils suspicions were! aroused, and he broke open the door. The dead body of a woman was found on the bed, and the body was so much decomposed that identification' 'was impossible. The opinion of the medical nieii who cxniijinod the corpse was tlirit the "unfortunate; ivoniah liiid -been suffocated, niid.t-he general Impression was that the mail had murdered his -.wife and made off with all her money and joivellory, "as the apartment had been stripped of everything of value. The Inquiries of the police led them to the conclusion that the dead body was riot that of Mrs. Brlescrueh, /nud these suspicions were shown to he correct by. the arrest o£ her. and her: supposed husband at; Berlin. The man-was not; her husband, but her lover, '.and' they admitted- that they left Berlin, which had become too hot to hold them, and endeavored to gain a livelihood In Loudon by performing Illegal operations. The wo man whoso body was found on the bed had succumbed while being operated liprin; and being afraid of arrest, they loft England for Berlin. It may wot be right to hang such i\ tetches, . but. they certainly deserve a lengthy term of very rigorous Imprison ment. - . Although, the receipt of secret commis sions Is in the present state of the law a mere civil offence, the offer of a bribe to a public official, brings, the wouldbc briber vllliln llir pur'-le-v of !he rrhulnM |ir-.- > I - — — ; ; i - _ man named Siiuorston, who1 hnd a contract for supplying tho metropolitan police with helmets, and Ills clerk, hnve been committed' for trial under the provisions of the Public Bodies Corrupt Practices Act of 1S90 for hnv- lng offered a bribe to Mr. Charles Wesley Powell, the Examiner of Stores at Scotland Yard. Sllberston lind obtained the contract for the supply of 25,000 helmets, and hud de livered 11 considerable number. But the au thorities did not consider tlmt they were up to sample, and Powell lmd rejected a Jnrgc proportion of those sent, whereupon Sllber ston asked him to call at the former's plnee of business. They adjourned to a neighbor ing hotel and when they were alone Sllber ston said to Mr. Powell: "C'nh't we do bust- ncss together?" Mr. Powell replied: "Wlmt do you menu?" Sllberston retorted: "You know. You hnve to puss the goods for me, and I want them passed. What will satisfy, you?" Sir. Powell pretended not to know! wlmt was meant, nnd Sllberston continued: "I want to lunko It worth your while." Mr. Powell remarked: "I. suppose you want to bribe ine? Sllberston rejoined: "It's not bribery, it's business. If you will come to my private house every mouth I will give you Id. for every article you pass. You can draw your money the same ns tho inana- ger at Pliiillco. He hns £50 a month; I can show you his acknowledgments." Mr. Powell replied: "I shall certainly do nothing of the kind. If you' have any communications tofe make to me you had better make it through the post." Mr. Powell then went back aud reported tho whole mutter to tho authorities at Scotland Yard. Since thnt date tliey had been 011 the alert to see if Sllberston Intended to commit tlio offence he had Indicated, while Mr. Powell wont ou examining the helmets, passing some and rejecting others. The au thorities wrote complaining of the quality, oven of those which were passed, aud Sllberston denied that they were In any way Inferior to the sealed pattern. A day or two afterwards, Sllbcrston's manager called on Mr. Powell, and after asking for some forms, added: "I have half a sovereign from Mr. Sllberston to give you, and every time t coirie I am to bring another." IIe then pro duced half a sovereign, and handed It to Mr. Powell, who at once gave Information to the Chief Clerk, with the result that proceedings Wore Instituted; The messenger substanti ally admitted the truth of the accusation, and Sllherstou did not deny It. One cannot help wishing that the Pluillco manager, who Is alleged l>y Sllberston to .bp in his pay, had been examined, but perhaps, he will appeals at the trial. \ » ' ' A new satellite to Saturn hns been dls< covered by Professor William Pickering, hro-< ther of the director of. the Harvard Observa tory, by menus of four plates taken at Are- qulpa, !lu Peru. , This; the' ninth satellite. Is tho first of which the- existence lias been determined by photography, and from the plates taken by' him, Professor Pickering has been enabled to calculate lit once Its distance from the grent planet, its magnitude aud ita orbit. In two respects It presents some re markable features. . It Is the most remote of the known satellites, nud It has tho larg est orbit and the longest period of any se condary body. Hitherto the most distant satellite wns only about 4,000,000 miles away; live of them, Indeed, lie comparatively near, their distances from Saturn ranging from rather inoro- tlinn tlirde to about nine and a half times the length of Its radius. The sixth Is more than double that distance of the fifth; tlip second Is somewhat further, and the eighth not much less than thrco .times the distance of the sixth, The new, discovery Is riot likely to add much to our -knowledge of Saturn. Its remoteness from our earth makes its study difficult, though Its size renders It visible to the eye. So great is the Interval' between Saturn and the sun that It Is about 2'OJ years (In travelling once round the huge curve of Its orbit; Its least distance Is more than 872,000,000 miles, Its. greatest nearly 021,000,000. Tho actunl . . Volume -of the new', satellite Is not yot calcu lated,, but those already ' known' are worthy of the huge plnuet they attend, for the outer most Is supposed to be larger tlinu our 1110011, and theiargest of all .ls lii .slze between Mcr- oury 'and pilars. .v / Saturn 'is 745 times the dimensions- of .ouri'glohe-'but' It is made', of 1. 1, oiily 'light material, for; It only weighs" about 00 times ins -much. : All .liicse inoro distant plnuots are light, but probably they nro smaller than. they sceip to lie, for wo see not the solid orb, but the cloudy atmosphere which envelopes it. 