. THE STORYTELLER, A BITTER PENITENCE. „ .. ? 4 ? CHAPTER XTX.— (Continued). 1 Ob, no — no, my dear ! ' ' Ab, no I It must be a good tiling, Norab, a wonderfully peaceful, merciful, ? and good thinp, to sleep as he sleeps now. Tbo man etolo ' forward noiselessly, a r terrible smile gleaming in bia eyes and dis -. tortiDg bio mouth. Stretching forth hiB hand stealthily, he caught up the candle which Norah had set down, and in an instant was gone. ' We shall all iest bo one day, Una/ said Norah gently. Ay,' Una echoed drearily — * one day! But how long first? Until our faces are winkled and our limbs weak, until the grind . ing misery of the alow years has crushed the blood out of our hearts drop by drop ! And where do we go to then P Do the cleverest men know;? No! I am so strong, Norah— so terribly strong, dear ! Ic will be bo with me. I ahall not die— Bhall not know what comeB after for yearB and years. Would that I could ! No ghosts that might haunt me in death could be more terrible than those that torture me in life!*. The shadow fell across the doorway again and the man stole in, -advancing cautiously, noiselessly, until he could have touched the \- two women by putting out his hand. In the corridor without there was a faint crackle, and the stagnant air was filled with flmoke. ' ? ' He might have died a hap'py man, and :' s. have lived a happy life for all that his fece tells us,' Una resumed, her eyes still fixed upon the dead face. « It seems hard that nothing but the giving up of life can give that ineffable peace and tranquillity.' She bent down and presesed her lips upon the marble forehead crowned by its Bilvery hair. ' Porgive me, father !' she murmured. ' You loved me once. Would that, before I be came a curse to your house, I had lain as you lay now I' ? The man Bprnng forward and seized her, breaking into a horrible laugii. ' ^-.Vf as you shall He— as you 'shall lie, woman ! Ha, ha, ha ! How often have I lain in wait for you, and laughed in dreams to feel my fingers at your throat ? Did you think I should fail in revenge when I swore over his murdered body to have life for life? Tour hueband. escapes me, but it shall be your life that I will have — yours !' Desmond of Pintragh ! Ay— and Des mond of Fintragh mad ! The savage langh , of exultant demoniacal glee, the wild gleam of the deep set fiery eyeB told Norah Cashel that. With a wild scream of terror she ep;angto'vards the door, and recoiled stricken dnmb. The upper part of the corridor, down which she had passed just now, was ablaze. 9,he ruahed hack, and in doing so half stumbled over Una's senseless form, for she had sunk to the ground in a swoon. The madman sprang towards her ; Norah heard his frightful laugh of exultation, again his grasp was almost upon her, and maddened with terror, she turned and fled in the opposite direction, shrieking as she \- had never shrieked ia all her life before, down the back staircase, along the passages —anywhere. She struck against the heavy iron-bound doqr which separated the north wing from the rest of the. house, beating her hands f rantic&Uy; upon it ; Bhe uttered ono last despairing cry, knew that the door waB open, that a firm hand seized her — that she. cried out Una's name, and Iliat several persons rushed wildly by her, and disappeared down the passage which she bad iravorsed. Then she stood for a moment, dazed and dizzy. A miat como before her eyes, and eho dropped to the floor and knew no more. Norah lay there, all unconscious that a \- woman's form was borne, senseless also, past her out into tho darkness, followed in a moment by tbe sound of wheels and gallop ing horses. She lay there unconscious that the deep notes of the huge alarm-bell in the Bouth tower was clanging oat loudly, for a terrible red glare had illumined the blackness of the night, and the north wing, of CaBtle Kilcheuora was in flame3 ! . \- , CHAPTER XX. . ? Prom what seemed a long and broken ~ - sleep Norah Cashel at length opened her eye3, and saw, with a vague recognition of ___ which she was hardly conscious, the room ~ with which Bhe had been familiar for months ._ -- past.' She closed her, eyes again, for they were weak and Iieavy, and could, not bear the light ; all her Hensoo seemed dulled, and she had hardly curiosity or cared, in her languor, to take a eecond glance. She oven heard a rtuslliflg of the stiff; cur{.a,iu,a f»t her head, : - ..' ftfd aid not stir to see what caused it. \ . But a face was bent over her, a hand '? ' gently pressed her forehead, a kiss touchec her cheek, and then her natno was spoken. Tbon she opened her eyes and raised her weak fingers and tried to touch the down-' ' - bont face, murmuring doubtfully — 1 Louise ?' . 1 Thank goodness you know me at last, dear !' Louise Hutlon cried, .and, impulsive always, stooped again nnd kissed her. ' You mustn't talk, lore — not a word. You have been very ill.'. ' Very ill ?' Norah repeated feeb'ly. ? Very ill. Now you are not to talk any more— not a syllable ! Drink this, and try to Bleep again. You are dreadfully weak yet.' V There was scarcely need to be bo emphatic , k about her weakness, for Norah felt too exhausted for further speech. She drank . what was proffered her, and almost immedi ately fell asleep again, not waking indeed I ' until late in tho evening. Louise, brisk and. I - intent at her poet, paw the big gray eyes j ? open, and bent over her at ouce., I ' You feel better, dear, for that nice long [' nap?' I '.Much better..' Norah'a voice showed that, for it had gained in strength and I ' tone. Memory was growing clearer too, and 1 - curiosity and anxiety were awakening with j it. ? I may talk a little now, Louise ? ' she | aaid beseechingly. j ' ? Well, only a very little,' conceded Mrs. Button with some reluctance. I 'Only a very little,' repeated Norah. ? We are at Castle Kilchenora are we not ? ' 'Of course, dear.' 1 You came here when I was ill firat r ' — ?Yes.' ' Is that long ago ? ' — ' Just three weekB ago.' ' How did you know that I was ill ? V « ' 1 was telegraphed for. My dear child, 1 you will make yourself ill again if you ask 1 to mnny questions.' -'???? 