I TOMS WflOLE ;:;'. EXISTENCE. ? By MARY CAPES. CHAPTER L Jf-; But: when at last she spoke Ker voice §yr.as calm and confident. Nan Ellis was Vno; coward. She would defend = Lil to ^her last grasp if need were ; but first she -;inust know something more of the whole ^affair, and happily her practical sense ?I hit on the best possible chance of sooth ^iticp' Rrvmpw}i!Th tin a Wind tprrrvr +ihn.t 'DOS-' sessed the poor fugitive little governess. .'; 'Tell me all about it, dear — exactly how it happened — then I shall know! what to do. There is no need to trem ble like that, Lil. You are safe here — ; quite safe. They don't even know my ?iiame, I erpect, much less where I live.' !?.;. u'Oh, no, no! I never spoke of you jtq - anyone except to Molly, my'poort 'little Molly! She cried so bitterly this morning. It was something she said made them think of me, and, Nan, it frightened me so, for, you know; I used to walk in my sleep. My head has been so bad, so strange lately, do you think .1 ? could have done it without knowing? For she saw me that night — Molly I ?'mean. She sleeps in my room, you know. She saw me get up and go' to! the door. Then I opened it like a ghost, she said, and went out into the passage. ^She was frightened,' and hid her facet under the bedclothes, but only for a, few. minutes; and when she looked again \ ;.was in bed!' ? . ;J 'But, Lil darling, if she only hid her face for a few moments — think — you could not have possibly have had time! to fetch the things even. Where are 'they kept? Surely they are locked up? VTpu could not have found the key?' 'Tes, yes ; I know all that. But 'perhaps Molly was wrong — perhaps I was away really longer than she! thought.' ' 'But, even then, could you have got at them?' ' 'I— I don't know. I can't think. My freadl^ '-. Lil put her hand up to her foreEead, ?.with a bewildered look, and Nan 'watched, with a quick-beating heart, till ^she spoke again. :\,. 'They were in cases, in Lady Donni thorne's wardrobe, in a drawer with' a special lock. That night she. was out — she and Miss Dunster. In the morn ing the drawers were open, the key .gone ; but later, in the afternoon, it was found in a dark corner of the stairs, and ?with it -was a little case with a ring in it.' 'And you mean to say, because of that, they have sent you away like this, at a moment's notice? It is shameful — cruel! A girl like you ? -' 'No, no, Nan. Only yesterday they looked at me and whispered. I could not sleep all night ; my head seemed to go round and round. This morning_ they would not let Molly come and do1 her lessons. They took her out with them in the carriage. I got more and ? more frightened. I felt certain they had gone for a policeman ! Sir Gerard is1 .away. There was no one. The servants] looked at me, too. I dared no? stay. I . forgot Robert and Ellen are not at ?home. I did so want to tell them. They I would help me — tell me what to do. I felt so ill. Oh, Nan, what could I do? , They never came back to lunch — Lady! DonnitTiorne and Miss Dunster. While the servants were at dinner^ could bear it no longer — I ran across the park . and got to the station just in time to — ? 'to ? Oh!' She broke off with a wild shriek of terror as Mrs. Dawkins tried the door, -and, finding it locked, knocked loudly. Nan, catching her in her arms, trying -'to soothe her, felt her own, blood run cold as she realised what a terrible mis ' take the poor girl had made — -the almost ' certain proof of guilt her flight must' have brought- to the minds of the people1 ' she had left, supposing they had really 4 entertained any suspicion about her. It' .t was all she could do to persuade her 'cou sin to Jet her open the door and admit 'Mrs. Dawkins with the tea, although, ' after a time, Lil drank eagerly. ''?-, But neither then nor later could she \- be persuaded to touch a morsel of food ; and as the sun sank and twilight came on, Nan grew more and more anxious about her. ' ? .':' , ' ' After a while she persuaded her to go to bed; but no sleep came to' close those wild, staring eyes, or still the excited talk; that grew less and less coherent, while the slightest noise outside made poor Lil start up in sudden terror, imploring' her cousin to lock the door again and again. . That Lil was on the verge of some serious illness Nan felt certain, and her heart sank 'with apprehension; but no thought of self came to her. The trunk standing ready to be -packed was pushed aside, the vision of the Yorkshire moors deliberately given up. In the early morning she sent for a doctor, a kindly, hard-working man, to whom she herself- had gone once or twice for some slight ailment. '' There was no hesitation for a moment iri his verdict. 'Typhoid fever.' A bad case, and likely to go hard with the patient!' Nan listened to his directions with a; quiet composure that the doctor strong ly approved of ; then, when he had gone, sitting by Lil's side as she lay a little quieter for the present, thought out' the situation and .faced it bravely. Robert Ross, Lil's brother, had broken down' lately from overwork ; the children, old and young, were scattered amongst relations for- the holidays, but he himself, with his wife, had gone to the West Indies in a sailing vessel for the: sake of the voyage and the absolute rest it would bring alike to body and brain. Even if Nan had chosen to do so, she did not at that moment know where to write, and at. once she decided it was far better that Robert should be spared as long ag possible, for Lil's fate must be a question decided long before the time fixed for his return to England. Fortunately the money saved for Nan's holiday, and a couple ,of sove reigns, with some silver she found in poor Lil's pocket, would carry them on for some time. It would even enable Nan to employ a kindly middle-aged wo man she knew of to help her a little with the nursing. There was but one thing to be great ly feared, and that thought Nan resolute ly set aside, lest it should unnerve her too much for steady nursing. The story LiL had ? told her— Lady Donnithorne's loss of her jewels — would- Lil be traced to her cousin's rooms? Had suspicion really fallen on her? For several days poor Nan felt herself shiver and grow pale at the sound of the door-bellj the postman's knock; but gradually the fear faded— forgotten, as illn'ess grew, the battle with grim death waxed ever hotter. One morning, at last, after a night too terrible for words, Nan's courage gave way for the first time. The doctor was rather late in coming, and when he ap-, peared she looked so ghastly that he glanced sharply at her as she answered his question heavily — in a dull, toneless, voice, her whole bearing full of pathetic despair. Bending over the bed, he began his careful daily inspection of his patient; but it was ai much longer time 'than usual before he spoke. at last, looking up full into Nan's eyes as she stood beside him. 'She is better this morning — slightly. I hope and trust now that she will re cover.' Nan gave a gasp, clutching the rail of the 'bedstead to support herself. The next instant she had broken down into' choking sobs — tears that left her at last with red rims to her' eyes, indeed ; but in them the light of hope and renewed courage. 