THE UNIFICATION GHOST. i 6 A few years ago, when long Dibba was at the head of affairs in New South Wale3 and Butcher Patterson was making an incredible mess of things Victorian, the former submitted to tbe latter his famous scheme for tne unification of the two provinces. It fell flat for the suffi cient reason that Butoher Patterson wasn't capable of recognising a good thing when ho saw it. A brighter man in Patterson's position would have enntched at the idea with both hands and as many feot as he had, and driven an effort to carry it out. Ho would not only have snatched at the idoa, but he would have epent his days and nighta on Dibba's doorstep, and followed him to tbo hotel where he. had his ginger-beer, and called to him through the window while he was in bed, in order to make sure that he didn't forget about it. These remarks are made because there arc only two methods of Aus tralian union — Federation and unification and the unquiet bones of the latter idea are again otirring a little. The lengthy sx-Republican is digging them up once more, and presenting their blonchod fragments to the public ; and, whilst op posing, all- idea of- Federation, the little Dibbs cian and the anti- Fedorationista of the N.S.W. Council assert that their yearnings for unification is something awful. Also, thoy begin to beaeoch the OornBtalk people to reject Federation in order that it may get the greater bless ing of unification later on. The ' Bulle tin' believes cordially in unification if it could bo obtained, but it believes in Federation because it doesn't seo the slightest hope of getting the other thing. And its private conviction is that the Dibbs clan believes in neither of them, and that it only urges the people to re ject Federation now for the sake of un ification later on, because it knows that it .can't possibly get unification later on. Also that the said crowd, if it saw unifi cation really coming would do anything short of murder to prevent it. In other words, it asks the country to drop the bones for the sake of the shadow, be cause it knows perfectly well that the shadow, isn't there. If Brown Patterson had managed to seise and fix his fleeting Dibbs a few -years ago, and the proposed union bad come off, the situation would have been something as follows :.Both Victoria and New Sonth Wales would have vanished off the map, and there would have arisen in their stead one province called some thing or other — tbe name doesn't matter. There ,would have been one Governor, one Ministry, one Parliament, one capi tal, railway system, debt, deficiency, tariff, and one borrow. There would have been no border, and the Murray would have flowed through one province in - Btead of. between two. There would no longer have been ony differential rail way rates. Melbourne, instead of beintf tho big city of a province of 80,000 square miles, would become the biggest city of a joint province o! 4.00,000 squara miles. Sydney, instead of being the big gest city of a great province, would bo tbe second city of a province not very much greater. Sydney and Melboarno would have competed on absolutely even terms for the trade of tbe country lying between them, for the railway rates and all other circumstances would be even, and, in the main, the nearest city wou'd get the business every time. And then, so far as Sydney was concerned, the real excitement would begin. The half-way town between the two big cities is Junee, in New South Wales. South ot that, when differentiol rates and bordero and border tariffs and seperata railway managements were abolished, all the trade would naturally gravitate Melbournewards. So would a very large part of the western trade. Instead of there being a large province with its centre in Sydney and a very small one with its centre in Melbourne, there would be a huge province, about halt of which would regard Melbourne as its' natural oentra. {Also Melbourne, instead of Sydney would be the city which a good half of the population would regard as its commercial headquarters. Instead of a political boundary on tho Murray, there would be a kind of undefined commercial boundary at Junee, on one side of which all business wonld tend south, while on the otbor side it would tend north. South of Junee all new railways would point Melboumewards, for a fairly commanding vote in tho joint Parlia ment would belong to that part of the population whoso commercial interests lay by the Yarra, and it would object to paying extra charges to go a longer way round to Sydney when it could take a shorter road to Meibonrne. And if tho joint province divided again at any time in the future the new border would never again be at the Murray qb the old one was. The people of the whole State would have a voice in the matter, and they would fix the frontier according to their convenience. It might, in the event of a unification and a second 8e2-a- ration, be on the Murrurabidgee, but that woula be all that New South Wales could hope for. This iB how things would be if New South Wales and Victoria were nnifierl. If all Australia wns similarly treated, then not only would Melboarno become the t.ading nnd social centre of all tho country as far as the Murrumbidgee and even beyond .it. but Adelaide wou'd »ilen1ly annex a vast elab of- western, and Brisbane a considerable piece of northern, N.S.W. There would ho no violent upheaval or disruption in ? tbe pvocesn. But in tho absence of borders and border tariffs nnd differential railway rates and separato railway managements, trado would drift to tho nearest city, and tho people whose trade wopt there would naturally como to regard tho nearest city as their capital in o social sense, und to forget the ono which used to bo thsir boadqnarters in the separation days. All this would be good for tho sonth and west and north It would give tbeso districts a shorter road to tho sea ; it would put them close to cities that arc now in a state of arti ficial romnteno38, nnd, by bringing their closer to the great centres, it would maito places rich that are now poor, nnd briog population where is now only 'possum and native bear. Bat while it would be good for the country, it would probably be not at all good for Sydney. Under Federation the people of tbo Riverina can't join Viotorid, however muoh thoy might want to do so. The possible 150,000 who might desire to separate would be voted down by the 1,200,000 other Cornstalks who wonld refuse, like. Pharoah, to let them go. The 1,100,000 inhabitants of Victoria who would like to shift their border north to the Murrumbidgeo wouldn't count ; they would have no voice in the matter. But if there was unification, and .years afterwards a new separation movement arose, tbeso later would' count. On the present figures probably 1,250,000, voters, from the Northern Riverina to the ocean would vote for casting in their lot with Mel bourne, &nd; their decision would fix the new boundary 100 miles north of where it is now. And, even if the unification proved permanent and there never was a new Separation movement, Sydney wonld never again be the commercial centre of so large a territory as at presnt. Geography is against it, and no argument will turn 386 miles into 298. s- .« # * Therefore, whan a little clan of the bit terest Provincialists and counter-jumpers in New South Wales — men to whom Sydney and its trading interests are the beginning and middle ond of the uni verse—profess to advocate unification as against Federation* this paper, for ono, doesn't believe them. And when they suggest that tho present chance of Fed eration should bo sacrificed in tbe hope of getting iunifioation Inter on, they are painfully suggestive of tho confidence gentleman at tbe public houao corner — the man with the rich uncle, \aa\ dead, in Fiji. Probably, after all, Butcher Patterson wasn't such a fool as he looked when he let Dibb's invitation to uni?y paas practically unnoticed. It is 1000 to 1 that Dibbs never really meant, it after all. If he is anything like ths sort of Dibbs whose long figure wanders around today, he certainly didn't. — 'Bulletin.' 