By Flood and Field. Fred Jarvis's left-handed catch off his own bowling on Monday was worth going a long vray to 866. Keogb got fairly onto a well-pitched ball, and the burly South Australian skipper, following up the ball, took it without, an effort before the spectators knew what had happened. # # # Hoskings' 53 ill the second innings was quite up to intercolonial form, and his average of 40 for the two innings against trundlers like P. Jarvis, Hugo aad Travers, stamps him as a first-rate batsman. The same may be said of Yere Harris, who has a very pretty style. # # # Thirty-seven sundries in a total of 293! Jarvis must have had a bad time in the Bight. # * # The batting of young Hack in the South Australians was quite up to reputation, but Hugo's scratching was disappointing. The latter has a taking style with the ball. # * # A feature of the match was the tip-top fielding of the Westralians, which almost made up for their poor display m the first innings. Meares, Randell and Harris were particularly smart and accurate in their returns, while "Billy" Moore showed his old form with the gloves. # # * A cricket match, " Clare's Weekly" v. East Perth Juniors, will be played on the Esplanade on Saturday. Players are requested to be on the ground not later than 2.80 p.m. # * # " Nunquam Dormio," well known in Perth, writes thus in Melb. "Table Talk " -.—With regard to Victor Trumper being included in the team, there can be no two opinions about his consummate ability as a batsman, and moreover a batsman likely to prove of immense advantage to his side in the matter of enabling them to avert defeat by a judicious draw. That, I take it, to be the only chance the Tenth Australian Eleven will have of in any way holding their own against the English Elevens in the five test matches. The beHt bowling the "dear departed" have taken with theru has been proved by three South Australians not deemed worthy of consideration as regards "international" honors—F. Jarvis, Giffen, and Reed man— to be tho veriest " tripe" on Australian wicketb, and it is hardly likely to rise much higher in public estimation in England. Returning once more to Trumper, it certainly presents itself as "passing strange" that the N.S.W.man should have got into the team owing to his score ef 75 (out) in the late match in Adelaide, seeing that against identically the same bowling Fred Jarvis (a rattling good change bowler, mark you!) hit up the same number of runs without losing his wicket. # # # Adelaide " Critic" contains the following items about the 10th XI.:—Joe Darling is so "cut up" about the feeling shown towards him before the team left that he vows he won't stay in Adelaide on the return of the eleven. Melb. or Sydney will have him, and "Joe" can push his way anywhere. One of the very meanest acts was the chalking of his house with insulting remarks by some hoodlums the night before he left Victor Trumper, just 21, has left a good billet in the Kailway Customs at Sydney^ He went Home against the wish of blB-mother, who fear he is too young to tri!v&. It is understood that Mr George Rei'd will keep his billet warm for till his return When in Adelaide recently Frank Laver found that the Hill family had not forgotten his sportsmanlike actions in telegraphing congratulations to Clem when Ciem beat his Australian record, with a score of 360 a few years back Taken for what it's worth, Kelly and several others understood when the Orinuz left that Trumper was to receive share and share alike... Said that Kelly considers Adelaide his unlucky city. He never goes there but to meet illness. ThiB time it was his ear, and his wife developed serious eye trouble, so both were in the hands of Dr T. K. Hamilton Frank Iredale is such a bad sailor that he develops illness before he reaches the vessel. He was white as a sheet on the launch last Thursday.. Said that M'Kibben fairly cried on Kelly's shoulder before the Ormuz left. Poor Tom, it was cruel hard luck. Frank Laver's scarcely begun law course is in danger of lapsing. Cricket does spoil business, and his brother, the doctor, wants him to stay in West Australia on MB return, as his mining representative. Frank thinks of years of Eastern cricket,and is pondering on the offer.. Kelly says he only made one speech in his life. It was a short one, but it brought down the house, and he's proud of it. It was after the return of the '96 team, when Mostyn Evans' team was touring W.A. It will be remembered that when the 1896 team was starting badly at Home a Coolgardie wag sent a cable " For goodness sake come home " (or words to that effect). At the Coolgardie dinner Kelly was called on to speak. "I only want," he Baid slowly, " to find the man who sent the telegram." The company yelled. # # # Drawers of the placed horses in W.A. Tattersall's (J. Charles) consultation on the Sydney Cup, closed with 9,390 investments :—First (Diffidence), Mrs Hayden and Mr J. Bonney, Perth, £751; second (Clarion), Mr P. H. Evans, Kanowna, £282 ; third (X Say), Mr R. Clancy, Menzies, .£47; third (Vocalist), Mr R. Greathead, Perth, £i7. The next sweep is on the Armidale Handicap, 3000 at 5s, run at Canning # Park * to-day * (Saturday). Very few local punters struck Diffidence for the Sydney Cup, Clarion, Lee- Metford and Merloolas being the popular picks. On a Perth place tote the threeyear-old daughter of Pilgrim's Progress returned £5 19s for half-a-crown. # • » Thus Hobart" Clipper": Charles, the WeBtralian sweepman, deals with unclaimed moneys in a business- like way. In the first week of January every year he advertises the names of those who have "unclaimed" prize moneys to their credit. If the money is not claimed within six months it is distributed among the charities. The Tasmanian Government supervisor should insist upon George Adams also advertising for the rightful owners of the unclaimed dollars; and as a philanthropist Tatt can offer no objection to the charitieB sharing the pile, if any, that may be left. Jarvis was very much off with the gloves on Tuesday, and the crowd cheered ironically when he toek a ball. The old wicketkeeper was suffering from a badly damaged finger, which he got while taking Eady in the Adelaide test match. This, however, wasn't the only reason f«r his indifferent display. When " Affie " Jarvis was run out on Monday he didn't appreciate the decision, and looked as if he would have liked to devour Umpire Marshall. It was apparent to all that- Jarvis was feet out of the crease when Moore whipped off the bails. Loch Isle has run into second place on 24 occasions. Isn't this nearly a record ? (See next Page) New South Wales is learning the Parisian secret of how to keep the population down. During the past year there were 1035 fewer births in the State than in 1897. An interesting history of an old and well-known comic tune has been given by a professor of music. He said that when the army of the first 1 Napoleon was in Egypt in 1799 the camp for a while was near the Pyramids. One afternoon, about sunset, the band was playing. The inhabitants of the desert had collected near, and were listening to the music. Nothing unusual happened until the band struck up a tune which we now hear under the name of " We won't go home till morning." Instantly there was the wildest demonstrations of joy among the Bedouins. They embraced each other, and shouted and danced in the delirium of their pleasure. The reason was that they were listening to the favorite and oldest tune of their people. The professor states that the tune had been taken to Europe from Africa in the eleventh century by the Crusaders, and had lived separately in both countries for over 700 years. This is certainly enough to make " We won't go home till morning" a classic. Its origin is more of a uiystery than the source of the Nile. While in America, Mr W. S. Gilbert waB one evening at a fashionable function given by a lady of the " new rich " order, who posed as a patron of music, but who had not had time to educate herself. 8he was foolish enough to attempt to " show off " before the English celebrity. " And what is Bach (' Batch' she called it) doing now ?" she said; " is he composing anything ?" " No, madame," immediately replied Mr Gilbert, without the ghost of a smile. " No, madame, Batch is just now decomposing!" Really, some members of the dramatic profession are becoming just a little too sensative, just a trifle too particular, just the minutest bit too aelf-important (remarked a writer in the London " Pelican "). Take, for instance, the case of the actor, who at Cardiff theatre openly and publicly pointed out a man in the stalls who was reading a newspaper, and not only declared that the proceeding was " most disgusting"—I quote the reported words— but actually declined to sing any more! Did ever you read the like of that before ? I am glad that the man in the stalls who was thus interfered with had the good sense to go on reading his newspaper, and, needleBS to say, the performance didnot terminate. An American journal has been referring to art and age. " Liszt was in his prime," it says, "when he retired from public gaze. He withdrew at the apotheosis of his triumphs. Perhaps it was not due to the consciousness of his waning powers, but rather the desire to be regretted that prompted him to retire. The beautiful sentiment expressed in the fifth commandment should find its illustration in art as well. Let us honor and treasure • our aged artists, but not to the detriment of art. Certain phases of art require theenthusiasm of youth, or the experience of maturity, but not the infirmity of age. Rubenstein aptly says: ' A young girl is justified in making fun of an old man of' sixty who speaks to her of love—likewise, the public of an artist of sixty who sings or plays of love.' In music, it might besuggested that the music of Chopin be played by pianists under 40, and that of Brahms above that age. How many women pianists would play Brahms in public under these conditions ? To a young gentleman about to begin playing a certain movement from a Beethoven sonata, Hans von Bulow said: • You cannot play that; you are much too young.' " Madame Amy Sherwin has contributed her autobiography to the latest London *' M.A.P." The Tasmanian nightingale says, inter alia: My sistersj and I. all inheiited singing voices from our mother, who WBS a particularly gifted woman, and to whom I owe all the success of my career. In addition to great musical talent, she possessed a truly beautiful character ; and this, with her indomitable energy, enabled her to, ride triumphantly over the hardships an<J vicissitudes of early Colonial life, and to carry on personally the education and training of her children. I made my first public appearance when I was nine years of age, in " Puss in Boots," an operetta in which I played the name part, before the inmates of the local lunatic asylum. I was drawn on to the stage in a basket, and when I stepped out my appearance as a pussy cat evoked such shrieks of delight and surprise that I was almost paralysed with fear. I decided to rush off the stage ; but somehow I did not, and I think the same principle that kept me to my r<ile at the time has been the greatest help in my career. My early home training and the teaching that what one begins one must go on with, have always stood me in good stead. FLOOD and FIELD (Continued) Despite the plethora of local racing, there was a good attendance—about 2,000 —at Helena Vula on Tuesday, and Secretary Berry apparently intends to leave no stone unturned to make the W.A. Caulfield a popular course. The racing was quite up to the mark. Old Topsail score \ in the hurdles, putting down two fair performers in First Bolt and Victory. Gallant little Henley changed Mr Saunders' run of ill-luck by winning the City Handicap, Tapean and Chance filling the places. The' Childe won the Trot for Mr Wolfe, while the Criterion Handicap was won by Towton'a Pilgrim's Progress colt Criterion. It was the Criterion Handicap in the opinion of the public, the betting being 7 to 4 on. The chief event of the day, the W.A. Caulfield Handicap, was won by that smart little bay Willie, Black Boolka beating Loch Isle for second place. Wantagong accounted for the Disposal Stakes, Mr Dempster getting another Becond with Vivacity. Brayleigh won the Waterliall Haudicap for Kidman, boating Merryman and Carrick. * # # The cable messages on March 23 announced the retirement from first-class cricket of A. E. btoddart, who has won the hearts of all Australian as well as English followers of the game. The reasons are not given, but they must be all sufficient to cause such a thorough sportsman, who, judged by last yew's performances, has by no means lost his batting powers, to decide not to enter the arena during the forthcoming busy season. The career of the great Middlesex amateur has been comparatively brief aud dazzlingly brilliant. He took up cricket actively in 1885, as a member of the Hampstead Club, with which his name will be inseparably associated as the scorer of the highest individual innings on| record—485. As an all-round player he quickly became associated with Middlesex, and advanced to the front rank by leaps and bounds. As he had won the highest distinction on the football fields, so was he destined to rise to the summit of honor in the summer pastime. So quickly did he climb the ladder of fame that he accepted an offer to make one of Lora Hawke's team to Australia at the end of the 1887 season. He visited Australia four times— 1887-8,-1891-2, 1894-5, and 1897 8. On the last two occasions he was the leader of the • touring cricketers, and ingratiated himself with the Australian public by his gentlemanly qualities on and off the field. He was a fearless batsman, and one of his most notable efforts in Australia was the magnificent 173 on the Melbourne ground, which practically won the second test, match in 1894-5, although for the time being, to save a serious position, he discarded hitting and became a stone waller. Ae captain of the touring elevens and of 2liddle«ex, latterly, he managed his men with remarkable tact, and as a thorough judge of the game, watchful and resourceful, was ever ready to take honorable advantage of all the opportunities for a win to his side. Besides his wonderful success with the bat, Stoddart was a useful bowler, and in the outfield had few superiors as a fleet-footed and eminently safe fieldsman. English cricket will be all the poorer this season for his absence from the playing fields, and the Australian bowlers will have one less formidable batsman to dislodge. # * # Dooley and Doherty met for the third time on Monday night at the Boulder for the pug. championship of Australia. The younger man punched Dooley out in four rounds. " Kill" Doherty is undoubtedly the better man, 'but seeing that he failed to knock Felix out on Christmas Eve we fail to see that he has earned the title of champion of Australia. * * # Wh«»t a smart filly is Wairiri. For a two- year-old to win three races at one meeting carrying the weight she did is a fine performance, and Mr M'Pherson's daughter of Malua should be an odds-on favorite for the next W; A. Derby. # # # The Easter meeting of the WA. Turf Club did not attract nearly as good an attendance as was expected on either day, the cricket match probably partially accounting for this. The match was better advertised than the race meetings, which means a good deal, especially for holiday fixtures. * * * Mr G. Borthwick. brother of Mr C. M. Borthwiok, the popular manager of Anthony Horden and Sons' fishing tackle department, has just returned from a trip to the Western goldfields (says the Sydney " Referee"). The sea and estuary fishing he tell me, is very fine, both for size and variety. Schnapper of 401b weight are common. The people fish with very thick lines, like our shark lines. There is a firstrate fishing club in Perth, called the West Australian Fishing Society, of which the secretary is Mr Pratt. # # • " Tattersall" Adams' sweep on the Sydney Cup closed with 13,000 subscribers. " Tattersall" Charles whose consultations are only now becoming known in the Eastern Colonies, had 9,390 subscribers. 