The Cardinal's Lenten Dis courses. Religious Indifference. A REPLY TO THE 'ANGLICAN BISHOP OJ? BATHURST. ' ?? ' ' V ??- ? -?':? ?? .' ? A FULL REPORT OF THE STIRRING SERMON ON SUNDAY \- ' EVENING AT' ST. MARY'S, ? ! -At. St. Mary's Oathodral on last Sunday ?' night his Eminonoo tho Cardinal delivered . tho first of his Lonten discourses to a large oongrogatlon. Ho dealt moat eloquently « with indifference in religion, and the subject ' as well as tho Cardinal's treatment) is of suoh intqrost) wo do'oldoil to glvo our readers a full report,' Taking for his text: '' Gnd so loved tho world, ;i as to give His only bogotten , Son j that .whosoever believeth in Him 'may not perish, but may have life everlasting' (John ill, 10), ho said: Tho subj'eob whlolv I have chosen for my addross to you this evening is Indifference to Divine Faith. Outside the Catholic fold there is a very general oom plalnt that a widespread indifference pre vails regarding tho teachings of religion. Men are often heard to avow that they do not trouble themselves about the tenets 'of Divine Faith, What is of unquestionable im portance to them is that they be (men of ' honesty, truthful and upright; as to tho rest, one religion , is as good as anothor, And yet nothing can be more baneful in its spiritual results than such Indifference to divine truth, It made itself felt In some of tho old countries of Europe ; and invariably impiety and atheism followed in its train. It has penetrated into the United States, and what has boon bhu rosult ? Nob very long ago a uennus, of tho various religious denominations throughout that vast Repub lic revealed the fact that more than 4/3 mil. lions of the citizens proffesed no religion, ' Protestant writers assure us that In several of tho States Anglicanism, or as It is there called, Protestant Episcopalianism, is dead and buried, and that most of tho other various sects, despite all their efforts and their vain display, are marching onward in mournful procession towards the tomb. A leading Protestant clergyman in New York, a few weeks, ago, publicly lamented the de cay of religion. It is in theological museums,' he said, that, now-a-days, Protestantism is to be found. He added: ' Protestantism in the Reformation sense is dead. The land is defiled by almost 200 lymphatic, gelatin ous, halting, doubting sects, that are just beginning to become conscious of the fact that they have lost the masses of this ooun try to religion,*' And he concludes his lament with the emphatic words : ' The soul has gone out of Protestantism, and neither galvanising nor embalming will re animate the body or stay the decay and putrefaction,' -In MncitjAnb, , , ? What shall' I say of tho religious con dition of ,Greab Britain ? Sho is justly proud of her marvellous progress in the paths , of wealth and commerce, of the unrivalled supremacy- of her fleet, .of her giant colonies encircling tlie whole known world, in their embrace. But in terrible contrast to this pride of empire Is the sad spiritless destitution of countless gifted souls in all tho great centres of her com merce, and there can be no question that this religious condition of things Is tho result of indifference In regard to tho teachings of divine truth, Some years ago the 'Times' (May 4, 1800) published tho details of a religious oonsus taken In tho prlnolpal towns of England, J'iVorywhoi'o a prodigious number of persons were found who neither had nor professed to have any religion whatever, Tho number of those who thus repudiated all sentiments of religion was 40 per cent. of tho whole population In Leeds j 44 per cent, in Bli«. mingliamj 01 pou oont, in Manchester; 02 ? _, ? . ? — — — ? — per cent, in Sheffield, and so in other towns; An earnest Anglican writer declared that 'thousands upon thousands are living in ' London to whom the great truths of the Gospel are practically as little known as if the land of their birth were a heathen land ' ; and another no less authoritative witness writes: 'there are whole streets within easy way of Charing Cross, and miles and miles in more obscure places, where the people live literally without God in the world.' Such is the condition of things as regards religion in England, which, as authentic witnesses attest, is the result of indifference to divine truth. Dead Ska Fruits. Now, if we seriously reflect on the matter for a moment, we cannot fail to reoognise that it is precisely such Dead Sea fruits we should expeot at the present day from the Protestant principle of private judgment. Two centuries ago the illustrious Bossuet foresaw such results. He thus wrote : ' Every man erects a tribunal for himself, where ho becomes' the arbiter of his own belief. Although the innovators wished to restrain the minds of men within the limits of Holy Scripture, yet as each individual was constituted its interpreter, and was to believe that the Holy Scripture would dis cover to him its meaning, all were authorized to worship their own inventions, to con secrate their own errors, and to place the seal of Divinity on their own thoughts. Ib was then foreseen that by this unbridled licence, seots would not cease to dispute or to hold their reveries for inspirations, others, wearied. by visions of folly, and not able to recognize the majesty of religion, * torn asunder by so many seots, would seek at length a fatal repose and complete in: dependence in indifference to all religion, or Atheism.' , Uncertainty at Every Side. You will remark, that it is an easy thing to tell the searchers after truth, to look to the Sacred Scriptures for the doctrines of life, and to take their own, too .often erring, judgment for their guide in the arduous search. But when the inquirer asks what is the authority of the Scriptures to which he has been thus referred, he will be told that many leaders of public opinion regard them as divine, whilst others of no less fame for reseaoh and learning declare that fables and fiotion are there jumbled together with heavenly truths in inextricable confusion. Ho will look for guidance, perhaps, to the Anglican Bench of Bishops and others who are supposed to be secure leaders in Israel, but there is scarcely a single tenet of Christian Faith on which even these are found to be agreed, In a leading Protestant periodical last year ('The Churohman,' February 5, 1898), the statement was made regarding the. religious tenets of the Anglican Bishops of the present day : 'Ib is probably true that 90 per cent, of our Bishops of to-day believe and teach the views for which Bishop Colenso was decried many years ago.' What wonder is it that the anxious inquirers, weary and disgusted, with the uncertainty that meets i hem at every side, would seek some balm for their disturbed consoience in the delusive maxim that one religion is as good as another. And yet it is difficult to conceive of any thing more repugnant to the first principles of revealed religion than this, - Here is The Eternal Truth. The authority of our Saviour is the living, foundation on which the revealed truths of religion rest. Again and again the voice of the Father from heaven in words of thunder proclaimed, 'This Is My beloved Son, with whom I am pleased, hear ye Him,' That heavenly voioe was re-echoed in 'the' fulfil- ment of prophecies, in the miracles that marked the publlc ministry of the Redeemer, in His evangelisation of the poor, in tho sublime truths which He announced, in His unwearing routine of deeds of mercy and love for those among whom Ho mlrfistered, in the institution of God's Kingdom upon earth, and in the glorious resurreotlon from tho tomb, Now to deny a single truth that oomes to us on the authority of the Re deemer is to destroy the foundation on whioh the whole fabric of divine revelation rests. But let us endeavour to realise what this rejection of tho Redeemer's testimony involves, He is the Eternal Truth itself, If we lift) our thoughts to heaven, we know from the Gospel teaching that the radianoe of that eternal truth it Is whioh illumines the new Jerusalem. The Cherubim and Seraphim are enraptured with the con templation of its divine rays, For all eternity that saoredv light will be tho -joy Af the blessed souls, 'The same divine truth as revealed In holy. Ohuroh In the light of. the Christian soul, its life and consolation, its delight, its strength during the pilgrim ago hovo below, It is the same cfivlno Truth that imparts freedom to the con science and tho human heart! ' My truth shall make you free indeed,' How muoh then is Involved in questioning that divine authorhy, or In tho folly of proclaiming our indifleronoo as to whab wo believe or do not boliovo, Wo rob ourselves of the freedom of heart and conscience, that we may. bo enslaved In the pursuits of passion and the deceits of error. We deprive ourselves of the divine bhrlob blessed light, tho precious heritage bhab tho Most High has bestowed upon us, And with the loss of that heavenly light, spiritual darkness will spread Itsolf evor tlie intellect and banish from the Christian soul those hopes of eternal life which aro tho presage and promise of our future bliss, as they are tho soul of heaven on everything that oonnlibutos our happiness and spiritual blessing here below, ?'? The Authority- of the Church. ?r ' - ' ' ?.?????? ,i i But let us see in what manner^ it has. ' . pleased our divine Saviour to perpetuate those teachings of His heavenly truth for His faithful children. „ Our Saviour . invested His Church with authority to teach. At divers times He-, said to the chosen disciples : 'As the Father ~ hath sent mo,, so I send you : he who hears you, hears me : the glory whioh the Father hath given me (that is, the mission of mercy ' and truth and love), the same I give unto you.' And all this He compensated in the supreme commission which He imparted ta them before He asoended into heaven. He l'eoalled to their minds the infinite power with which He was invested : 'All power is given to me in heaven and on earth ' j. and then in the' exercise of that power He addressed to them the momentous words : 'Go ye therefore and teach all nations,' make all the peoples of tho earth your disciples; 'teaching them to observe all things that I have commanded you; 'and. ' behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world' (Mabb. 28, 19). Such is the sublime commission which Christ — 'the way, the truth, and the life' — gave to the Apostles, and whioh they were to hand on to their successors till the end of time. But if the Apostles recoived a divine . commission to teach, tho duty must devolve upon the faithful to reoeive their teaching. And lest anyone would entertain a doubt as to such a duty, the Redeemer adds 'the divine sanction : 'He who believeth not shall be condemned' (Mark xvi., 16). The Apostles went forth as the heralds of divine truth, despite all dangers and menaces fulfilling the mission to them* Led before the Jewish tribunals they boldly proclaimed that to compromise those sacred truths would be a denial of their Divine Master. With joy they reoeived the , buffets and scourges in Jerusalem. Faith fully they proaohed among the nations the Kingdom of God. St. John cast into the boiling oil, St. Paul 'beheaded, St. Peter cruoified, all the other Apostles in* their varied forms of martyrdom sealing with their blood the testimony of their faith pre sent a solemn protest againBt indiffer ence as regards the truths whioh they preached. The Apostolio sentiment of heroic devoted ness to the teaohings of religion lived on, unchanging and unchanged in Holy Church. Myriad martyrs encountered death in its most terrifio formB sooner than surrender a tittle of the faith. For three centuries it is in the Catacombs that 'the faithful must seek instruction, and assist at the Holy Saorlfioe, and reoeive the Saoraments of Life. But they endured all and suffered all. the hardships that the world oould inflict rather than betray or imperil a single tenet of tho truths committed to them. The same spirit of devotedness to the Faith has unceasingly pervaded every faithful heart in Holy Ohuroh, and at the present day 300' millions of those who in the Oatholio fold offer to the Oreabor the homage of their adoration and hope and love, are ready to-, suffer all, to endure' the loss of all, sooner1 than deny a single truth onoe delivered to- the Saints. Cornelius the Centurion. ' We may take two insbanoes reoorded in the Ne^v Testament bo illustrate how repug nant this indifferenoe in ihatters of faith is to the divine and apostolio ordinanoe, We ore told in the 10th ohapter of the. Acts of the Apostles that there was in Oiesarea a pious Centurion named Cornelius. He was 'a religious man, and one that feared God with all his house, who gave muoh alms bo the people, and prayed to '» God always,' Here we have an upright, man, keeping the commandments, and a ' model to those around him, Those who plead for indifference in . the matter of reli gious tenets will assuredly be content with the oharaotor that is thus given him, and without hesitation will affirm that ho was on the road to Paradise, But the Gospel of Christ required still more, An angel from . heaven reveals to Cornelius that ho noeds.to be instructed in the truths revealed by Jesus . Christ, and a divine vision summons the * Prinoe of ApostloB, St, Peter, to impart the ueoeBsary instruction to him, and by the' Saorament of Baptism; to enrol him in -the (look of Our Blessed Lord, Thus it was that the vlrtuouB, moral, upright life of the Centurion did not suflioe to ensure his heavonly orown, That integrity of life prepared him to reoeivo tho blessings of' Redemption, All the details of tho les sons imparted to him by the Prince -of.' tho Apostles would appoar to be rooorded by tho Holy Ghost, for tho express purpose to teaoh us how inconsiderate is the lolly of those who advocate unrestricted liberty in . the oholoe of religious truth. With bills lesson from the Acts before us, ,no one oan seriously oontend that It Is a matter of In difference in tho sight of God what religious tenets a man may profess. The 15th ohaptor of the Aota affords a no ? loss striking example, There wero teachers in Jerusalem, men of aoal and learning, of -, oxalbed position and high repute, who would combine tho lessons ana virtues of tho GoS' pel with tho observances' of tho Mosaic laWi Buroly, If over, hero was a case for oompro* mlso if men may bo Indifferent an to the bonots which they profess, But tho Aposblos know of no buoIi indlnbronao. Thoy cannot allow light and darkness, truth and error, to ho linked together in bho Church of their Divine Master, Thoy assemble In council In , Jerusalem, and they plaoe on record for tho instruction of all future ages. that ono is the Gospel which all tho faithful must profoss ) thoro oan bo no association of orror with it, ' - and whoHouvor deviates from those lessons of divine truth is to be oast forth from the j; one saving fold of Christ. Tina Gknebal Council of tub Catholic (human. ? 1 am- confifient that whilst reflecting on this solemn Council held by the Apostles in Jerusalem your thoughts will have been wafted along the course ? of centuries and you will have realised that that Apostolic Synod has been the type and model of those grand sessions of united Christendom which, as circumstances arose, have been held from century to century, and are known aB the General Counoil of the Catholic Church. The first of these, the General Counoil of Nicoa, was held a few years after peace was restored to the Church by Constantino, The historian Eusobius, who was himself present, has given a description of that august assembly : *' There were assembled there,' he says, V out ot'all the Churches, which had filled the whole of Europe, Asia and Africa, the very choicest from among the ministers of God ; and oue sacred building, expanded as it were by the divine command, embraced at once within its compass both Syrians and Oilioians, Phoenicians and Arabians, and Christians of Palestine ; Egyptians, too ; Thebansand Libyans, and some who came out of Mosoptamia. A Bishop also of Persia ' was present at the Council, and even Soythia was not wanting to that company., Pontus also and Galatia, Pamphylia and Cappadooia, with Asia and Phrygia, con tributed the choioest of their prelates. Moreover, Thraoians, Macedonians, Acha lans and Epirotes and inhabitants of still more remote districts were, notwithstand their distance, present. Even from Spain . itself that inuHt celebrated man Hosius'took his seat with the rest. The Bishop of the imperial city of, Rome was, indeed, absent * on account of his advanced age, but Presbyters of his were present to represent him.' The historian adds that the Emperor Constantino offered to Christ, this august assembly 'a garland, twined and knitted together in the bond of peace, as a sacred memorial of his gratitude for the viotb'ries which he had gained over his foreign and domestic enemies.' TttK Ekhoiih of Auras. Many of the Bishops in that august Council had passed through the ordeal of the persecution,' Whilst the persecution raged some of them had had their eyes plucked out, others had boon soourged or imprisoned. Some had a hand or an arm lopped off. One wan there whose tongue had been plucked out, but to whom Bpeeoh was miraculously reBtoi'tiil. it was an assembly of living martyrs and heroic confessors for the faith. But. what groat purpose was it that sum moned those venerable prelates from their Hooks to meet around the altai1 in the ohuroh at Niooa. They assembled there to oast off from the communion of the Ohuroh of Christ all those who, in the pursuit of their private judgement and in the footsteps of Arius, , would, in the matter of the Divinity of our Blessed Lord fashion to themselves moral tenets contrary to the teachings of divine faith. Thus onoe for, all those Fathers of Nioca set the seal of the Ohuroh on the con demnation of that indifference in regard to ' religious tenets which men now- a-days ' would seek to make fashionable amongst us. And yet if ever there was an occasion to extend toleration to a heretical error, we' would expect to find such toleration granted to the tenets of Arius. He was so artful m to win the favour of the Imperial Court. , His errors were hidden under the mark of revoronce for things divine. Many men , of olaquenae and loarning espoused his ?cause. So ambiguous and elastic wore the formulas which conveyed his errors that not a few. of the clergy in the best of faith accapted them, So widespread at one time ? was their misconooption in regard to those tunotH that, as St, Jerome attests, ' tho whole world was astounclod to find itself Arian,' -And yet tho 'Council of Nicea would allow no 'oompromlse botwoon error and divine truth, Tho 'heretical tenets were anathematised, and those who adhered to thorn . v^aro Inexorably out off from tho 'communion ofltoly Ohuroh, From ago to ; ago other Gouoral Councils have' boon hold, Our own country hu« witnossod the groat Vatican Council, and need I recall to mind that the 800 assembled .Fathers renewed in a apodal way the anathema of tho Ohuroh against tho indifference to religion which' brings with It such ruin to souls In our day, And 'here it may bo remarked, that In thoao early ages many of tho innovators who would fain combine tho fancies of their own private judgment with tho teachings of ' divine truth, wore men hold in public esteem, whoso fame for piety was widespread throughout the Church, Novatlan was co markablo for exemplary character and for his austerity of life, Donatus was the orna ment of the Church of Africa in his day. Pelagius and Celestine wore reckoned among tho best writers of their age ; they were furthermore second to nono in their solid learning and their devotion to every practice of piety. But all this did not avail, when there was question of corrupting the traditions of the Fathors, of adding to or taking from the sacred deposit of the faith. There was only one standard of orthodoxy to guide the Church. There could be no admixture of error with divine truth. The unity of tho Faith was to be maintained at any cost. The doctrines revealed by our Blessed Lord and handed down in Holy Ohuroh were* to be preserved intact and in corrupt, and whosoever relying on his private judgment would choose to himself new tenetB, must rest assured that his error shall be cast forth, and that the anathema of the Church shall be pronounced against him. Tina Axcir/roAjr Bishop of Bathubst. But here a difficulty confronts us. A few weeks ago I had occasion to contrast the teaching of the Apoatle regarding the Ohuroh of Christ with the present condition of Anglicanism. The Apostle ..insists on the unity of religious belief as an essential feature of the true Church ; he proclaims the necessity of one faith, even as there is one Lord, one God, one Baptism 5 and who soever deviates from that unity of faith is branded with a terrible spiritual anathema, Now in the Anglican Ohuroh there is no authoritative teaching, and hence even among those who should be tho leaders in Israel there is no agreement as to the truths of divine faith, Some of the Bishops and dignitaries will preach' tho Real Presence of our Saviour in , the Blessed Eucharist, whilst others reckon suoh a dootrino among the abominations of Popery. Some of them even go ; so far as openly to reject the Divinity of the Redeemer, the founda tion on whioh all supernatural religion rests, One of our ProteBtant Bishops (hi«* Lordship of Bathurst) has since then entered the lists to champion tho Anglican cause. He does not deny, that those conflicting tenets are to be found among his episcopal brethren, nor does he call in question the ever-increas ing indifference as regards religion that' results from suoh contradictory teaching. He devises, however, a special theory to palliate this, want of unity of faith. St. Paul, he says, addressing the Church in Corinth, writes 'there are heresies among you' (1 Ep. xi. 19). Now if heretical tenets were to be found in the flourishing and Apostolic Church of Corinth, what wonder is it that doctrinal novelties of every type would be tolerated in the Anglican com munion. But even supposing his Lordship's statement to be correct the Apostlo does not say that those heresies were to be tole- rated, and much farther is he from approv ing of them, However his Lordship of Bathurst does not accurately cite the Apostle's words, What the Apostle writes is 'there must be heresies among you, that they also who are approved may be made manifest among you.' Thus there is no question of extending tolerance to those who had corrupted divine truth. The Apostle teaches that considering the pride and per versity of man heresies would necessarily arise, but those attempts at the perversion of the Gospel would be controlled by the divine power to bring into bolder relief the teachings of Christian truth. Even so by the winnowing tho chaff is carried away and the good grain is made known ; and the tree is healthier and produces more abun dant fruit when the decaying branches are out off from the sound stem. The history of heresies comes to justify the Apostle's words. It is precisely when corruption here or there would gather around the sanctuary or when men's minds or hearts were becoming enslaved by pride, and pas sion that heresies were allowed to afflict the Church. But the result hag over been tho same, tho gold of divine faith has come forth from the crucible in all Its purity untainted ,and incorrupt, tho dross of heretical teaching has been cast away. That which was intended for evil, has thus in tho divine disposition of things 'been directed to good, and even heresy in made to co-operate In adding lustre to faith and charity, Such is tho1 Apostle's teaching. Throughout his writings you will seek In vain for a single error in matters' of divine faith, On the contrary ho everywhere proclaims tho same truth, that, 'whosoever, forfeits tho unity of the faith Is out off from the Inheritance of God, Hear how he writes to his disciple, St, Titus (Hi, 10): ' After a first and a second admon ition, avoid the heretical man'; knowing that such a one is perverted, and sinneth being condemned by his own judgment.' By the very fact of rejecting tho truths handed down by Apostolic tradition and taking his own private judgment for guide in selecting tenets to be believed, he stands self- condemned, and the faithful are warned against communicating with him. And there is nothing new in the sanction thus proclaimed by the Apostle. Pie only re echoes the words of the .Divine Master : ((He who will not hear the Church, let him be to thoe as a heathen and an outcast.' , The Ai'ostlk's Teaching. We may take a few other instances from the Apostle's writing to illustrate how little sympathy he had for that indifference in re gard to the tenets of divine faith now-a- days so acceptable to our Anglican brethren. In his epistle to the Galatians he leaves no room for doubt as to the teaohing on this head. Novel doctrines had begun to creep in among tho Galatians whom he evangel ized. In the Epistle addressed to them he laments that they would allow themselves to be thus deceived by men -who pervert the Gospel of Christ) and then he calls on them ? in the most explicit manner to repudiate everything not in harmony with the doctrines which they had rooeiyed : 'Although we (he says) or an angel from heaven should preaoh to you any Gospel other than that whioh we have preached to you, let him be anathema. As we have said before, so now I sfty again : if any man, preaoheth to you any Gospel other than that which ye have received, let him be anathema ' (i. S). Writing to his disciple, St. Timothy, he tells in his first Epistle of Hymenaeus and Alexander, who had made shipwreok concerning the faith. Does he proclaim himself indifferent in regard to their erroneous tenets ? No : but on the contrary he declares that he had delivered those erring brethren ' to Satan, that they may learn not to blaspheme' {[. 20). Again in his 2nd Epistle ho exhorts the same devoted companion in his Apostolic ministry to be watchful as to the trmhs com mitted to him : 'The things whioh thou hast heard from me through many witnesses, the same commit to faithful men, who Bhall bo fit to teach 'others also. .Preach the word, be instant in season, out of season 5 reprove, entreat, rebuke with all pationoe and doctrine. For the time will oome, when they will not endure tho sound dootrino, but aooording to their own desires they will heap up teaohers to themselves, having i boning ears ; and from the truth indeed they will turn away the hearing, but they will be turned to fables.' (2 Tim. iv. 2). Nothing oan be more oxplioit than this teaohing of the Apostle. One is the saoreel deposit of GoHpel truth consigned to the faithful, and anathema is pronounced against those who shall prove unfaithful to tho doctrine's whioh tho.v received, The embracing of other tenets is declared to be a burning to fable's, and those who porsevore in the paths of error incur the terrible penalty of being out off from the Ohuroh and consigned to perdition. No wonder that the Apostle, again and again should exhort the faithful to oling immovably to tho unity of the Faith, a most preoious gift of God and His children. It is only, whore suoh unity of this Faith exists that the Spirit of God is to bo found. ? And whilst holy Ohuroh is proclaimed to be ' the pillar ana ground of truth,' the: Apostlo adds that this blessing is oonfererl.on.ua in order ,that we may not bo 'tossed to and fro and oarried about by every wind of dootrino, by tho sleight of men, by craft aooording to tho oontrivanoo of error' (Ephes, ,:tv,, 14), Tho other Apostles are not loss emphatic In their denunciation of false brethren who would turn aside from tho fountains of truth onoo given to the saints, to dig for them selves broken cisterns that cannot , hold tho waters of Hfo, Sb, Poter in his 2nd Epistle bells us the fate that awaits those agents of error j ' thoro will be among you,' he says, 'false teachers, who will bring in destructive heresies, and deny the Lord who rodeomod them,' and he adds, 'they brings on thorn* solves swift destruction,' (ii,, L) So,, too, St, Jude in his Catholic epistle exhorts all the faithful 'to #strive earnestly for the faith once , delivered to tho saints,' and bo shun tho impious men 'who deny our only Sovereign add Lord, Jesus Christ,' (v, 3i) Tho Anostlp of lovo, Sb, John, in his first Epistle brands as a^looolver and antichrist whosoever would oorrupb the beaching of our Blossod Lord, and then ho exhorts the faithful j '3f thai) which you' have heard from tho beginning abide in you, yo also shall abide in the Son and the Father, He who boliovoth in the Son of God, hath tho testimony of God iu hlmsolf, Ho who doth not bollovo the Son, makoth Him a liar, beoaiiso ho bollovoth not in bho testi mony' whioh God hath givon of His Son,' .And in his sooond Epistle ho again wrltoa, 'Ho that knowoth God, hoarebh uhj ho that is nob of 'God, heareth us nob. By this we know the spirit^ of truth and. the spirit of ? error.* If any man comebh to you, andbringeth not this dootrino, receive him not into the house and give him no greeting, for ho that givoth him greeting partakoth in his ovil . ways.' What wonder that the illustrious St. Poly carp, 'lisciple of St. John, though inheritor of the Apostle's meekness and of his love of tho Divine Master, would give no quarter to heresy wherever it was found. It is related that when the heretic Marcion would proffer his friendship, accosting St. Polycarp with the familiar words, ' Dost thou not know me?' ''Yes,' replied the Saint, ' I know you to be the first-born of Satan.' The Unity of The Faith. :; ;?''' You may perhaps now ask what has been the teaohing of the Fathers of the Church regarding this indifference to divine truth, of which we have been speaking.. Let us' then see what were the sentiments of the great Saints, who. by tho heroism of their piety and zeal were in the early ages the ornaments of Holy Church, and hy their un tiring ministry in preaching and teaching handed on to us the traditions of tho Faith. Bid they regard it an a matter of little importance what bouets wero received . or whab .rejected by the faithful? Did they hold the fashionable tenet— which I impugn — . that if men be honest and upright it matters nob what paths of heresy or schism they may pursue ? Hear tho burning words whioh. bhe glorious martyr of Antiooh, St. Ignatius, in the beginning of the seoond century, addressed to the Christians of his clay, 'Be not 'deceived, my brethren j whosoever followeth him that createth schism, in- « heriteth not the Kingdom of God.' St. Trenaeus, who speaks in the name alike of the churches of the East and of tho West in the third. 'century j desoribos 'heretics as ' enemies of the Truth and sons of Satan, to be swallowed up one day like the company of Corah, Dathan and Abiron ' ; and ho adds that ib is! only in bhe bosom of bho brue Ohuroh we can1 be nursed to life, to her must we have recourse that we may bo made partakers of the Holy' Ghost, separation from her involves separation from the fellowship of the Divine Spirit. So, „- boo, bhe learned Origen, the groat luminary of the school of Alexandria writes: . 'As there are many who think that bhey believe what Christ taught, 0 and some of bhese differ from others, it becomes nooessary that' all should profess / the dootrine whioh oame down from bhe Aposblos, and now continues' in tho Ohuroh, ? that alone is truth, whioh in nothing differs , ; from the ecclesiastical and apostolical trddi- tion.' In bho same way St. Cyprian lays ; clown bho golden rule that to bo united. with . ,' , Christ we must preservo bhe unity - of 'bhe ; ;; Faith. -" Heresies and schisms,' ho says, ?:.:?.??' ' are tho inventions of Satan whorewibh to,i \ subvert tho Faith, to corrupt tho, truth and ' ''???'' r\ to rund unity,' And he goes on bo say:- , 'Men are exposed to error because they ;?? burn nob their eyes to the fountain.of truth j' v nor is the head sought for, nor the1 dootrino of the heavenly Father upheld, And if a,' man would soriously pondor on those things, : no long enquiry . would bo necessary, , Tlie : ' proof is easy, Christ addresses St, . Petor j ?„ .' ' I say to theo that, thou, art looter, andivpon '.;? this rook I will build My Ohuroh and the ;? , gates of hell shall nob prevail against ib.' '.?;., 'i' Ho that doos nob hold this unity of the' ; Ohuroh,- can ho imagino that ho holds the ?, ' : faibh j ho, thab opposes and contradicts'. the' , Ohuroh, can ho trust that ho is in the1. Ohuroh ?' I will only adcV tho. exhortation -v of. St, Hlppolibus. Ho had boon bobrayed, ! into tho paths of sohiflm by Novatian, ?- bub repenting, of his fault on being - , led out to martyrdom he thus; acUv'ii ', dressed his former bompanions 'in error r'r'i '?Oh, unhappy men,. -fly from tho ban of u* ,'' BoliiBm of Novatlan j return- to tho bosoni of ': the Oatholio Ohuroh I there is but one Faith, ' ,Vt ' and it is that whioh is hold by the Ohair1 of , St, Petor,'' Suoh is tho universal tostimony of an-',;* tlquiby, As wo hope to bo partakers of the . heritage of Christ, we must hold fast to- the j , toaohing of Christ, and it is only in holy ' Ohuroh thab His doobrinos of; life are tjn«' v' folded to us, The Holy Ghost,' bho Spirit - of ?Truth, over Hvos in the Oatholio Ohurohi ? '»'..'.- and imparts His heavenly rays of light and ! ' Hfo bo bho . ohllclron of Christ, It is thus ,' that wo are onablod bo be partakers during ' our pilgrimage of bho blessings of bho Divine Redeemer, and thus, boo, wo may hopo ono day to bo transformed unto the Hkonoss of , His glory. /May this blowing bo abundantly ?bostowod upon oaoh of us, in tho name of bho Father and of tho Son and of bho Holy Ghost, 