Cafyoltc gntelhgcntt. VICTORIA A3SCHDI0CESE"0F MELBOrBNBi.xTXKfZ iL- Tt* f r^o-, at f?ydu<->- r'ia'i&S; \--•> of marriage wa- f-a dral and '/h'-r -hnr'-: dkKrt^e V- T0F. 0/ By H/C laftt -'3---S Dean M'Kenn*. \ -G.. n jetter from fc;<\- Aro bourne. <iaf-i froai v.-r.r AdiV. T>->-<-~-- "i M- *•*>'. WafT-: faj fj :i>»- Grace h»< CbfJrC-b Or, •y^ion '- i <rf^-njrjif of 'tTZ-1f: Intend'-*! living Irelsrri . .itK-r. at tli'- '•«'''! of .l'iri>i;i ry < i.t.i-.K >.r. AP^or- The If-v. IV. GSAiv poir.f-d ii'irAir^-.ir.'ff-vf daft'-. r-athe iai/.c.'jr-'l •'••! i;.••--. vit Paly. The lif.V. J. ')'- rary to the AfM».*r»<>pi ^ jwlnted fris-p-- 1 "'.' of ^ *'>'fili thfc Afrli'l':'/"-" room of Fr. O'.tu It ;--. that Fr. M-fare, Will r igin/il offi'-'- f-u.hl. a J.KJ- £-'-f- Forty-four [.r.-. -i- of of Meibonrne ':;<-; r .-.nfiiuil !• treat at K'-w );i;-t wc !:. iii'l j.ri: /ri|»iiJly junior . .-j.irs.y--l ; t.h<\- k;u.i" sr/nt'iril : »lii— W-" The It' V. J*!' fI'-.-; ru. S..I . i- lie- '-'> dnetor of f-tre'.. rr.(.-K-- or a mn.r.r. W- verv jfiicl; !'<••!-'to I'-nrri th.-i! the Rev. M. J'. '':iit'.!I. ill'- rector of St. M.'iry'r. Dan.'enorig. i- at present suffering from n mus'-ular :i(- fecilon of t!i<\- mi. W<\- sincerely hope tlx-r<-v.f£<-nil<-ru.'iti '<vi!l sooni•<frnlli hIK H'-ii.'d li'-.'ilili .'Hi'l CHWSTJA.V lil:OT!IKI:i. \Vf iiinJ»Ti't:i»tl ilint UK* JK v. Jiro. Mflj?'^, for milti.v >•«•••• rn :it(;u )if(l <o ill'; f.'hriwiail Jirotli'TK' Vjrtoriiifiaradc, lias Ik"ti tnniHfciTc'l l»y «ntn*riorK 1<» Hu- riirisiiiin I'.miJicvs' A<!f!:ii'l", S.A., liis Jilnro Ix-ins t/ikon l(V <Jif Itov. Hro. I.yn'li. "Iio wa« for VI yi'JirH nltiicli'-tl »<> 1l)«' lfl.f<I(* ffrtfiiiMinIty. kt. vincknt'h imsi'ir'.i- i-aii:. A of jicivoiis wlm vvill conduct. XllilU ill tin* l>;i'/.:i:ii' lo !«' <i|><'«"'l Jn Uic Kxliiliilioii HiilMliif.' in Ajiril next, ill ;ii'l <>r St. Viliccjit's ll(.S|iiliil, -W/IK J)|'M 111 Si. Psilri'-li'K Hull mi 1'ii- Iil^li). i:'.lli In*-*for Hie imrpoK.' of" forming mi cxc iiiivf <-<niuiiilf• <•. WIiohk )n'<'S<-iit luimlcil in Dimr nnincs «« iiK'inlicrs of Hie cuiiiiiiKli'C, Mr. I', .'f. OT'onnor :i|t|ioinli'il lion, siticliny, mill Itcv. .1. .M'('iirlliy nml Mr. M, Movufini! tnnsiivci'K. It wii^ <.'i(l<Hl to open ii cent nil ofllcc for tin' linziinr InislncsK nt rroniwcll Hniid- IngH, IJoiirkc-stri'ct. HMJHKI) OONCISIIT AT ST. liKilUIIK's, CAKL- 'J'ON. fit. <!coikc'h Clinrcli, Cnrllon. w.is iTOWdcil lith! Mmnlny ni^lit, wlit-n n '1llj?ll-t'l«B8 WICII'd cnllci'lt whs nivni liy illC fllOll linil OlIll'IK ill llill llf till' ik kv Obiirdi of 1h<> Kiwrcil Henri, now .'i|iliroaclilnc cmniilcllon. Anionnfit (hose l»n»fi('iit were tlic iiiistor (Itcv. .1. II. O'Consicllj. IN-vk. I < ileesnn, T. Qulim iiik! .1. I'. <"owley, (».('.('. The IUl!HH('lI KlU'l'ilinelll lillli. of course, iHiCil reumveil. iiikI the scats were ie- Vl'I'Hl'll, HO US 1o ennlile the lillillellee to fiwc the performers. A highly nierilorloiiH jironniinnie wjis presenteil. An «ffi!<'tU> rein1lt)oii of the " Kyrie" niul "(ilmln" from .Mo/.art's 'I'welith M«hh (clmrnsi wiik niven liy Hie full •tjiolr, Hlren^tlii'iieil for Hie oicnslon 1>y lUlxllliiiieK. A nolo (I'lilm Sundayi. " Ia'H Iliiinennx" (Fniiri't wns creditnlily ri'iidereil liy Mr. \V. II. Williiiins, with violin ohlltiitto by Mr. North. "'Jlip Lost Chord" tSnllivniii whs OWvotly tiiven h.v Miss H. ("nples. A wOeclloi) from ltossinl's Stulmt Mnlnr —"Pro I'CCHIIIIh Jlii'iinnht out Hie fine 1)fl«H volet- of Mr. .I. H. M'tSownii. "1 W»1 ISxJul 'I'hee, O 1 /ord " lOoslnl, v?n»BUocpmHfull.v snnu I'.v MIKS l'umiy it. VkMlIlitiliH. I" the iilisenee of Mr. Walter Klrliy, Miss Nellie Moloney look lii« jilttce. sivlnu the itninlXT opjxwHe IiIh «ii»ie-~"Tho Sinr of Hclliloliom." Thiit yoiinK liidy fully snstolned lier rcjintntlon ns n Icadlnn so pmno, mid oonsidi'rlntf llmt sli« t<iok tlio piece without reheiirsiil. very fjrent credit tlue to lad'. Mndmiie Krert- <!)'loa MHeliell wive tin nvitstlc luterlirctntioli of Oiiwi'H'k "The rromlse of JJr. O'Unrn lielim <l«'liilm«d At n. oommlluUuu with' u lu'olhef " i, Mi'. J. M'ISoWilli Hii|i|ilji ' e fllllnslNwllh a oiipiililc I'emllilon of The Holy City," wlW» lull Hmvmh. Minn Nolllb Ai'elior, wlio wis In o.v- «aUent form, «mi« mi " Ave »iorln " HjUkIc), wliieli wns followed by nn irjwm «olo, " Offcrtulri' in D Mu.1or " ^Batlato), wlileh wns given liy Mr, ClinrlOB Bykos 4u Jilt* umwil wUhUi; , ? pW filKhbvo" (StiurtoU.0 WA« «UUff WliU llUH'll Hl»tO <l»fl OM'I'^W- Hsb^T* - r " -<5e®£art Te effort bv Mr. VT. p, Lini*- mc-x rrs-fervd •oof of e^eaiss- ^•.-•t^K". "ABgipfc Ev<rr Bdsfct s-pf F-! r" M '- M. Car- \- Tfy> La*' " 'TJ&tetT; ~ \--(.Ti. ^-.^w-tfc'Ir z'iffrE i-y H--^- An?n- awi" M'SK" N-iCS F<4^y r^- •s^r"rir^ly. What war aJk-wed t>> be a' Ett^-al treat v/^AwS^i ylm Hanrii-Xr, hr.zoj. gad stnTfes prod^-ik'S. * Ff^Ik-lTijaa <"a-:»ni-.'" Mr. Cfcaries s';-tf-i a- c-^zaa!^. tbe prodsKr^i oad^r ti» dirwtion of • M r . T. B. M'Go-xais!. Mr. T. f>>reaE. pin.. faiSlieij tfi"? i ^ijT.^-i preach*"! of hon -m &TJ.; KL-'Vjra z(-A • ^ of M'.ti- Gay rma&ee.; :x prob- ?har :b<\- prrt>U<i will be affonled ->.,-. j-,;^rur-- of L a ? this taleDTed -'••-RliijrrtTiJiB :i2.v.li in th't ttfeSir fDWR. '•'-"TK rTOOEAE FATE. /.ast >a ar.;.;y oigat the Mayor of Prahraii ••*;?. 'f. SiBansoBst opened jhe Varra ar^i Toorafc Fair in Sr. J./^Ifh'? Hail. S-jUtii Yarra, in aid of ,v.,- r s/ ;h.y-.l fo/j-i. Amongst those alw> preseut urere the pa-stor t'Rev. Ft. S. f-i'-rj-'-/ci i. Dr. E. Messrs. E K'-'ch fl A. O'Hea ^rrea«?ureri. H. W. and T. Littleton <bon seere- .f. J. Malier. H. Eufherford. J. f.yrK-h. I"n4<-r the deft hands of !ii.- I.'idi.-s in charge of the various -rail- the hall was invested with an .•snr:ictir<\- and fairy-like aspect, the d^-f/ratiwis refleetinj? much credit on ;i|j f(,worn<;<l. Not the least object of interest was the graphophone. whif-h afforded no lirrSr- amunement to yonn;? and old by its automatic rendi- • ion of sonps. ^fK-eclirs. etc. Tin's cjevi-r construction bids fair to approach ihe stop, "vox natiira," which lends so much charm to the up-to-date oi t'a n. I"r. C.cnson, who was received very cordially, referred 1o the creditable isplay made by the ladies in charge f the stalls, which were stocked with choice and valuable articles, to be disposed- of at very reasonable prices. iLntigihter.) The result of their zealous labours was lo lie seen around the hull. His Worship the Mayor, whom he was always tfbid to welcome, showed liy his presence that he synip.'ilhised with the efforts the ladies were niaking. (Applause.) He was t'lie Chief Magistrate of the important city of rrahran. and represented their ward ill the <»ity Council. At thoiv hist bazaar, which had proved such a gratifying wuceess, he had also assisted, and on his own and ti.e people's behalf be desired to extend to his Worship a very warm and cordial welcome. (Applnuso.) He hoped (lint the present lmznar would prove as successful, socially and financially, as Ihe last one did. He had much pleasure in calling oil the Mayor lo declare the fair open. (Applause.) Ills Worship, who was received with applause, felt, it an honour to be asked to open their bazaar, and that for two reasons. J. He was not a member of tflielr denomination, yet tlwy had shown lilm respect b.v pineing the opening ceremony in his hands. 2. Because their church was ihe cenlre of Ihe wavd he represented tin Hie Prnliran City Council. They all hoped Hint Hie bazaar would turn out. a very grcai success. He had heard that the last, bazaar was not only a success financially, but also socially, many pleasing events having taken their rise there, and lieing after wards brought 1o maturity. (Laughter.) Some people would have them believe that bazaars bad ontllycd their usefulness, but with that view lie did not wholly agree. He was rather Inclined io believe Hint that opinion cinmiiited from people in whom there was not Kufllclenl energy lo make a bazaar successful. (Applause.) The ladies 1ind done a great amount of useful and ornamental work, for which ihey deserved very great credit. Without their aid and nsslslanee bnznars and oilier charitable works would not lie successful. (Applause.) Tliey had made, indeed, a splendid display in the hnll, and lie wiHhed them every success. He hoped that Uieir antloipalIons, ilnanclally and socially, would be fully realised. Ha'/nnrs were the means of bringing people of rnri- /otis denominations together In harmony. and deserved every encouragement. He had very great pleasure in declaring the South Ynrra. and Toorak Fair open, (Applause.) Mr. Keogh, sen,, In moving n cordial vote of thanks io the Mayor for opening the fnlr, snid IJicy were grnleful to him «» Chief Meglstrn^lif the elty for a Hording his asHlstanM^ll) <be p/ist and on tbe present o^WiMlon. (Ap- )»lnuse.) Tlie exwinjijli of so much evil lately developed around tliein showed ilic wccntAiy for giving youth a Christian education, (Applause.) Th<' bttzunr 1iafl lieoti organised for that Mid. 'J'ho Mayor know /wliat Hmlr Mflioowero doing for tjie tnorol training of 1toe ywng, and, therefore, his Worrirfp f # eympathlsefl with tlie prevent unaortttUlnj. (Appianee.) Tm> EjAfion seconded by Mr. an'} by acclamation. ' V,^ M^'w in returning tlmnks, .-..'^ii-lf^r th' ṟ nnaroidable al»sence Mr- Sini3K>iL- nbe I>ady Mayoress), h«w^ver, to pay tho ri-U. lie w;is pleased to " jh^ a v bazaar i;1Mnr was was for for the •,-h^A Vhjch be had recently v*it*d, aad ira* bl?lily delighted with all lie p.M heard there. (Applause,! Th* fMkjWiD- programme was appreciared :-Au evening with ff Miss Hyams. including , t tep dance. Miss EvaDomee- T Tt. - Maid Marion dance, Miss Ecfc^i Miller: hunting dance. Miss Pa'irE'- Dom^-Carre : dance Fran- Bomee-Carre and Connie Sr. lUzer: skirt dance. Miss Enid K^'lr scarecrow dance. Master Frank Fallon : Irish jig. Misses K. r.on^-Carre and PMicl Miller : grand 'i h^ =tail-= are allotted as follows :— jis. r^i Hf-art staU-Mrs. Phillip and 5v ṫ-. O'Brien and Leihy. V bildren of Mary stall-The Misses I Lctcher. and M'Gonigal. Parish stall—Mesdames Barry and f'ourov. and Miss Bacon. S-iiooi srall (including fancy goods, c-vwt- and flowers!—Miss Henry, Mis< Robbie. Mesdames Prftchard, Fciss. Schutze. and Da vies. Refreshment stall—Mrs. E. O'Hea. Games?—Madames De Jardin and Keogh. DEATH OF THE BEV. JOHS DALY. In our Town Edition last week we/ gave a brief notice of the lamented death of rbe Rev. John Daly, rector of St. Brendan's. Flemington. The r rev. gentleman pursued his early studies at the Seminary, Killarney, and sui>sequently entered on his ecclesiastical course at the Foreign Missionary College. All Hallows, where he was raised to the dignity of the priesthood on Stii June, 1884, by the late Bishop of Ardah, Most Rev. Dr. Woodlock. Tlie newly-ordained priest left for the scene of his firstmissionary labours— diociese of Melbourne—in the following September. He was first appointed to assist the Rev. Fr. O'Hanlon. Mansfield, being subsequently stationed at North Melbourne, ICyneton. Dandenong, and Fleming: toil. It will thus be seen that tbe deco-ased priest spent some fifteen years in Victoria. Wherever he went he left monuments of his zeal and energy for religion and education. He laboured in tbe " Vineyard of the Lord" for three years trader tbe late Dean (Jeoghan, Kyneton. To his energy in that Deanery is due in a great measure the erection of the Taradale church. From Kyneton the rev. gentleman was transferred to St. Mary's, Dandenong, of which he was appointed rector, with Rev. P. Leo as assistant. In January, 1898, j r. Daly was transferred to the charge of St. Brendan's. Flemington, where lie remained till his lamented death. Hi* love for " the beauty of (lod's House and Hie place where His glory dwelled! " was again exemplified ill this district. To tbe regret of his own people and his numerous non-Catholic friends, the rev. gentleman said goodbye to Dandenong at a send-otF tendered to "him by all classes of the district, An (address, 'couched, in iresjiectfnl and endearing terms, and a. substantial monetary gift were presented to the popular pastor, the presentation being reported in our columns at the time. He soon gained Ihe. affections of the people of Flemington, a better proof of which could not be afforded than the regret heard on nil sides when Ihe announcement of his death was received. The deceased priest took a particular Interest In tlie various societies Attached to St. Brendan's, the members of which who could possibly manage it attended the obsequies of their beloved pastor. The cause of death was rheumatic fever, which affecied particularly bis knees. The attack was attributed to a chill which the rev. gentleman sustained when sitting for n time in the sacred tribunal of confession, iiiiving ipreviously ridden a considerable Journey on his bicycle. During his illness, the rev, gentleman received a|| the care and gentle nursing for which (he Sister* of Charity at St. Vincent'* H«#pHfll are noted. Everything was done by ihe medical stuff of Dint institution to alleviate tlx- sufferings of Fr, Daly, and on tue day pwedlttft blft death It had been dreeled not to operate, an previously intended. The renin ins were removed to St. Pairb-k'K Cathedral, where his brother priest* offered several Masses for the n-pofcc of bin soul. At 0.80 o'clock ou Hatnrday morning ft large congregation and about. 70 priests assembled for tlie Solemn Office and Requiem Iflprli Ma«s. Tlid Children of Mary, in cloa1cs >a»d veils, members of the Sacred Heart, C.Y. Men, and Hibernian societies Attached to fit,Brendan's, Flemington, were amongst ttiemourners. The body repoeed on a catafalque, surrounded by llgUtfV'adjacent to the altar rails, tlie bead-of tlje deceased eing towards the rails, thereby signifyTng his priestly character. The remains ivef^enelosed lu a polished oak foffin, wifiTTfeh, burnished ffifcuntings, a nit-en it were- placed a eUalice, pai. ... ~ - nirlccAl qn/l hirof+n Tllp > - ifiliean J^'ICenna, V.G., Adm., presided.'G.lA. Robinson, B.A., nnd-.T; .Maui.v .ftptmg as cantors, and Rev, liSl^i'tly' master of ceremonies."; -fallowing priests were also present:—Very Revs. Dean Hegartv, T-P-, V.F. (Kyneton). M. Farrellv. P.P.. V.F. (Kilmore), M. Carey, P.P. (Elsternwick). T. Lynch, P.P."(St, Kilda East). M. .T. Maher, C.M. (Superior of the Vincentians, Malvern), F. B. Iveogh, S.J. (St. Patrick's College), W. Quilter (St. Francis'), M. Kennedy, P.P. (Beechworth), Revs. M. C. Gongh. P.P. (Daylesford), Dr. Griieber, J. .T. Malone, and M. Brady (South Melbourne), J. H. O'Connell and D. Gleeson (Carlton). Dr. Kelly, P.P., aud W. Harnett (Fitzroy), M. Quran (Woodend), J. O'Malley, S..T.. and C. Morrogh, S.J. (Richmond), .T. Walsh (Seyniour), W. Ganly and M. O'Brien (Flemington), E. J. Luby and J. J. Cusac'k (Brunswick). D. F. O'Callaghan (Heidell)erg), P. Lee (Dandenong), M. Ryan (Kilmore), P. Phelari and J. .T. Egan (Colllugwood), L. Martin (St. Francis*), R. S. Benson and .T. Byrne (South Yarra). P. J. Fallon and Jr. Heaney (Williamstown), T. Fa v, S..T. (Sr. Patrick's College), C. M'Enroe. C.M., and M. J. O'Reilly, C.M. (Malvern), M. Hayes (Coburg), J. J. Cusack (Drysdale), P. O'Douoglioe (Kew). D. Murphy, J. •Collins, and P. Cremin (West Melbourne); P. O'Reillv (Elsternwick), J. Gleeson (St. Kilda West), W. O'Brien (Oakleigli), D. B. Xelan and P. Boyle (Essendon), J. J. Gallivan and O. Sheaban (Sunbury), M. Murpliy (Castlemaine), T. Brazil and T. , English (Northcote). J. ,T. M'Carter (Fobtscray), R, Collins and T. O'Sullivan (Clifton Hill), A. C. Hennessy (Lilydale), T. J. Rooney (Bendigo), D. Horan (Bacchus Marsh), M. Fouhey and J. Shiel (Geelong), TV, O'Hagan (Fraukston), H. O'Callaghan (Camberwell), P. O'Hanlon and P. Gleeson (Gordon). D. O'Reilly (Northcote), M. Costello, B.D. (St. Kilda), P. Fitzgerald (Brunswick) etc. At. the conclusion of the Office, Requiem High Mass was sung by Dean Ilegarty; deacon, Fr. Benson; suibdeacon, Fr. Costello ; master of ceremonies, Fr. McCarthy. The final absolution was pronounced by Dean M'Kenna, who subsequently preceded the cof&n; to the Cathedral door, reciting- the prescribed prayers. The eoffln-bearers -were -.—Messrs. W. Dunboweiy^. Madden, T. Walsh, and the following members of the Hibernian Society :—.T. W. Shilcoek, J. -Finton, P. Perkins, and J. Cahill. There -was a large gathering in the vicinity of the Cathedral. The funeral arrangements, which -were in the hands of Mr. John Daly, were perfect, and reflected milch credit on that old- eBtabltslied house. There wore ten mourning coaches, in which were seated the clergy and tlie immediate relatives of the .deceased priest, including Mrs. J. O'Connor (his sister) and Mr. John 'O'Connor (Rosehill), brother-in-law* of Fr. Daly. Preceding the hearse wer6 two buggies, in which were seated Dean Ilegarty and Frs. O'Dontihoe, Quilter and Luby. Amongst ihfe private vehicles were a number contalnlug the Children of Mary and members of the various societies connected with the' Flemington mission.' Amidst the'tolling of the great -bell of 'tbe Cathedral, the cortege moved to tlie Melbourne General Cemetery.' At tJie gates the clergy formed In processional order, and Collcnved the remains to mortuary chapel. During the progress from the gates to the chapel the Children of Mary snug appropriate livinnc Til/1 nnll Cliuch, M. Stone. I>. Wilson, W. Dunbower, T. Walsh. A. Hearn .7 W Shileock. and M. .1. Ilardinian. • Fr. O'Counell, assisted by Fr. oieeson, officiated in the chapel, and amidst the plaintive chant of the " Benedictus," all that was mortal of Fr. Daly was borne to the crvpt bemeath the chapel. many of the deceased's parishioners, including strong men, not being able to restrain their grief. The remains wore placed side by side with those of the late Rev. Gerald Byrne (Williamsiowii). This makes the 35th priest buried within the cemetery. 32 'beiug in the ervpt, and 3 in different parts of the ground. The coffin was placed in position under the supervision of Mr. M. P. Jageurs (Messrs. Jageurs and Sons, Royal Park Monumental Works). The police, under Sergeant Cassidy, prevented undue crowding during the performance of the last sad rites. R.I.P. liLESSIXO AND OPENING OF THii NEW l'RESBTTEKY, NOHTHCOTE. Last Sunday afternoon the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna. V.G.. Adm.. blessed and opened the new handsome and commodious presbytery. Xorthcote, in presence of a large gatheiing. representing all classes of the community. Amongst, those also present were :—Revs. T. Brazil (pastor) and T. English tXorthcote), K. .T. Luby (Brunswick), .T. J. Malone {South Melbourne). Dr. Kelly (Fitzroy), G. A. Robinson. B.A.. and L. Martin (St. Francis'). R. Collins and T. O'Sullivan (Clifton Ilill), .T. Collins (West Melbourne). .T. .T. M'Carler d'ootscrav), and D. O'Reilly (Xorthrote Little Sisters of the Poor) ; tlie Mayor of Xorthcote (Cr. G. H. Parsons, .T.P.). and many other representative citizens. The public were allowed to inspect the interior of the building, and a general expression of satisfaction was heard from the visitors. From the balcony a, very flue view of the country for miles around may be obtained. The presbytery is situated on one of the finest and most elevated sites of the district. ' The function of blessing the structure having been performed by the Dean, assisted by the clergy, Fr. Malone delivered the occasional sermon. He could not select, a more fitting theme than that, of the sublime dignity of the Christian priesthood. There was none better oa left lilted to give the people an exalted idea of the nature of their divine religion. By a divine instinct of their Iloly, Catholic Faith, which was met witii in its strongest and most glorious form amongst the Irish race and their descendants, they respected and reverenced the authority and the character of the priest of God's Church. The relations of the priest and his devoted people were too vital a force not to attract the warmest affection and love between them. In every parish, under all circumstances, the priest was ever the true and tried friend of his people, who looked to him for guidance and advice. Ii was lie who prepared them for their First Holy Communion, and into his ear Ihey whispered their dying words. lie blessed the newly-married couple at the altar, and clothed the infant at the baptismal font with the white robe of innocence. The priest sat patiently at the bed of sickness, cheering the departing soul, and afterwards sanctified the grave. These were a few o£ the human aspects of the. character of the Christian pri«iliood, but there •were also the divine aspects, which commanded even greater vesper* and reverence. His sacred character was riglitlv held in the deepest respect by his people. There was the divine character of the priest, apart from his human character as a. man. The Christian priesthood was not, indeed, coveted by the world. That sublime dignity excited in the mind of (lie priest himself sentiments of the most profound humility, for it was the greatest of all dignities. Fcr as inucli, says St. ChrysosJtou. a* there is no act greater than the consecration of the Body of Christ, no power can be greater than the priesthood. Sitting in the midst of His disciples at the Last. Supper, He said, " With desire have I desired to eat this supper with you, and to drink of this chalice before I suffer ; for 1 say uuto you that I shall not partake of it again until I drink it uew with you iu the kingdom , of my Father." Taking bread into His Holy and Venerable. Hands, He blessed and gave It to them, saying, " This is- tny body, do this for a comreemoraiion of me." In those words to His Apostles, and those who were to come after them, He instituted the Blessed Eucharist, and gave Ibe power of 'sacrifice to the Christian priesthood. There could be. no divine religion without a < sacrifice, »u£ no jjacr1)iee without the priest to offer it to the Living God. Every priest, "by virtue of his ordination, had that fremendous power of sacrifice. It. was indelibly imprinted on his character, and neither the fires of hell nor the glory of heaven could remove it. What was the nature of thai power V He was speaking to those who had come for the most part from Ireland, or who were descended from the sons of ihat land, where God's priesthood received the plenitude of reverence due to its exalted character. and where the Faith flourished to its fullest extent. They knew that at the awful moment of consecration the priest pronounced the very same words that •lesus used at the Last Supper, and that instantly the same miracle was repeated on the all nr. The power of consecration was greaterihan ihat possessed by Elijah, for by it Christ was born, as it were, again, in the hands of the priest, as of old. in ihc womb of his mother. That was the first power of the Christian priesthood. whereby it exercised the facility of offering the dean oblation from the rising to the going down of the sun. Three days after conferring that power on His Apostles lie stood before them in the glory of ITis resurrection. Stt John sa,id. - When if was late that same day. .Tesus stood in the midst of his disciples, the doors being shut for fear of the .Tews. He breathed upon them, and said. • Peace be unto you. As the Father sent me. I also send you. Receive ye the Holy Ghost. Whose sins yoit shah forgive, they are forgiven, and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained." " That was the second pi.wei —the forgiveness of sins. Thai powei brought, the sinner into immediate con tact-:With his Saviour. That power <vas flrtti-given even to the angels. Wkarwonder was it that those oniside .tiie Church, being prejudiced by their wflucijtion. failed to appreciate it ? Like the Scribes and Pharisees, the . wOrkK'J^ked. Who is this that He forgives sKu*, also-?. It required an effort- of fiffth it«; realise that power. Stllk if was hard lo understand how the SjtH'ipturesijjmild be tortured into meanihg^uxtlfnig else than the direct conferring ou tiie Christian priesthood the power of forgiving sins. It was one of the duties of the priest to break the bread of the word of God io the people. The position of the priest in this respect was unique, for. during 18 centuries the Church of God stood behind him, and whether he announced the tidings of The Gospel in 1 lie humblest church or in the' grandest earhedral. his words had ihc same authority as if they came from i-e lips of the Apostles. They were living in an age when il was usual to exalt the mission of every teacher, lie was called a seer, and every new scientific theorist was welcomed, but year by year these so-called scientists were seen to go out in darkness. There was only one voice from which they could hear the teaching of the spir.t of God—it was His Church. The wisest agreed that man required <.od to be his teacher. Every priest was the mouthpiece of the Church. She said to him. " I have set thee as a watchman on the tower." It could thus be seen that tiie dignity of tiie priesthood was most sublime. Tiie faithful did not ask whence the priest came. Like Melclilsedech of old, he came amongst, his people without a home, country, or friends. But he found a looiher In the Church and cherished her. He received a Father from Heaven, and a brother and friend whom he carried in his bosom—the hidden God of the Blessed Sacrament. He found a homo In the hearts of his people. The preacher here graphically portrayed the hopes nnd fears. 1 lie sacrifices and regrets, of the young man who was caii^d :oleaieall ihlugs md follow Christ, as did St. Peter and his companions af the voice of Christ. Tiie ambition of the priest was an exalted one. His was not to amass riches, to rear up a family, and make a name for himself, but to gather In in silence the harvest of souls. There wai> no fear that, those of the Celtic race would ever fail to pay proper respect to the exalted character of the priesthood, but a young generation was rising up. and a charge had btjen made that- they were wanting In a spirit of revereuee and respect for divine authority. One of the objects; of the Educntion Act. was to purge the children of clericalism. Thirty years ago in Now- South Wales' ft certalu public man had uttered these words—"I hold in my bauds that which will prove thtv death of the priestly calling." That man lived to see the failure of hl&prophecy.; Though they fdlled lu that respect, they succeeded In weakening the respect for djvinis authority in the mind, of youth. Tftmijj&i; die priest sowed fix tears he would reap In Joy, and life strength lny in God's lore and In the hearts of n loyal and generous people. An example of that geaeyosltywas to be seen In the splendid presbytery around wlilcli they were Mumbled. Hfe' wns sure tiiat ttiere was not one who would not join with hiui> iu congratulating the people of tihe district in possessing such a handsome structure, which was worthy of a. generous people and a zealous pastor It -was a proof of their love of God. He was glad that- they had a priest whose many excellent qualities tvpified the sogganh aroou. Though the Catholic people of the district were few. and not. very wealthy, they had paid off a debt of £2000, and he felt sure that before very long they would relieve (heir pastor of the pecuniary responsibility incurred in the erection of the presbytery. The offertory, which included X.". r,s from Dean M'Kenna. realised £54 10s. Fr. Brazil heartily 1 hanked the Dean. Fr. Malone. and the people, especially those not ot the same faith, for their generous assistance. To his brother priests he was specially grateful for their kindness and generosity on all occasions. He would ask their worthv .Mayor to propose a vote of thanks to the Dean. Mayor Parsons had much pleasure in acceding to Fr. Brazil's request. Like the Archbishop, the Dean had many calls on Iris time, hut there seemed to be a warm corner in his heart for Xovthcote. (Applause.i It had always lieeii his (the Mayor's) endeavour to encourage a Catholic spirit in the community, and to forward the interests of the public generally. It gave him much satisfaction to' propose a vote of thanks to Dean M'Kenna. (Applause.) The motion was carried bv acclamation. The Dean considered if a duty to lie present, and be was very thankful for the manner in which thev had carried the vote of thanks. Ir was a pleasure to aid a work of religion. As the Mayor had reminded them, he came to Xorthcote whenever his assistance was required. Xorthcote was formerly a pari of the district; of which he ithe Dean) bad had charge, and which formed his' first parish. Since the burst of the boom the district, had not been so prosperous, but be hoped that better times were in store for it. no had come to help their good pastor to pay off the debt on his presbyter v. The Dean concluded by once ' more thanking those present for their kindness. i Applause.) Fr. Malone having thanked Fr. Brazil for his kind references, llie visitors were hospitably entertained by the pastor. The building is of red brick, twostoried. with a wide balcony extending "round Iwtii sides, and contains 10 large rooms, which are ventilated on the latest principles, and decorated in a handsome style. The total cost of ihe building has exceeded £1400. The foundation-stone was laid hv the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna. V.G.." Adm.. oil lHli September last. NEW CATHOUU SCHOOL AT OAKLKIfin. A new school, erected by the nuns of the Good Shepherd, was opened at Oakleigh on Monflay last, in the presence of the parents and children of the district. The Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna. Administrator of the diocese. blessed llie school, and addressed a few words of congratulation to those present. The school is built of wood, with slate roof, particular attention being given to ventilation. The building is capable of accommodating about ir»0 pupils. The furnishing has been clone irrespective of cost, being fitted up on the latest modern principles. The school cost over £1000. It will supply a long-felt want in the district. It may be mentioned th.nt children of all denominations will be received as pupils. The following donations were handed In at the opening 'The Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna V.G.. Adm.. £10 10s : per Fr. O'Brien, parish priest, contributions by parishioners. £<!0 : Convent of Good S1 i/Pip- ~ ... lierd. South Meliwurne, Lt 3s ;. "Mr. Thomas Parker, clerk of the works. £."> r>s; Mr. .Tames Egan, £1 Is ;.'/ a- friend. £1 Is. ! ; A oeelong. The weekly meeting of St. Mark's O.Y.M. Society was well attend^iTjni Monday evening last, the president (Mr. Caffrey) in the chair. Mi\YM. Gleeson was elected to the vacancy'on, the committee. Mr. Bruuger was appointed to act as treasurer during the ^ absence, through illness, of Mr. i ifzpatrick. Elocutionary items were Contributed by Messrs. Carey, Dnlton, Duncan, Ferguson, and Lloyd, and songs were reudered by Messrs. Canslek, Ma her, Carney, Mulligan, and C'affrey. The vocalists were efficiently accotnpauied toy Mr. Bernstein. THE REV.,J. NORIUS. Last evening, reports the Geelong Times" of 14th inst., iu. Mary's Hall was crowded in every portion on the, occasion of a farewell lecture by the Rev. Fr. XorrJs, a very popular .'priest iu this portion of the diocese, who is about to return to Ireland; ,j?he subject chosen by the rev. g&flpi;&an; almost on the eve" of his 4ftptt*ture for the Emerald Isle was a most appro- - v " priate one, viz., Ireland's national poet. "Tom Moore." Lecturing at any time is a task that does not elicit very much admiration" or enthusiasm from any kind of audience, but. the Catholic Young Men's Society and the Children of Mary, -which are affiliated with St. Mary's Church, decided to evince I heir appreciation for Fr. Xorris. as their spiritual director, bv assisting him in his task. Accordingly the lecture was interspersed witii Moore's melodies, and the introduction of tableaux, with full limelight effects. contributed so materially to the subject I ha i u most enjoyable enterlammem was presenied. The proceeds of, the entertainment are to be devoted io the repairing of St. Mary's school-room, so that a" who assisted last evening deserve lhanks fof- their laudable efforts. The opening item on the programme was negotiated by those clever little musicians from St Augustine's Orphanage, and then Fr Xorris proceeded with the first portion of his lecture, in which he detailed the birth and early days of Moore The Misses Mathews and Tuite. on behalf of the Children of Mary, presented Fr. Xorris with a very handsome illuminated address and a set of vestments The Catholic Young Men's Society also made a gift of a handsomely bound set of books. To both presentations Fr. Xorris made happy replies, dwelling on the pleasant, period of 10 years lie had spent in Geelomr. and in conclusion complimented the Youug Men's Society and the Children of Mary on the great moral good thev were doing for tiie cause of Catholicity in Geelong. 