I CHILDREN'S OQLUM& I UNCLE HARRY'S LETTER No. CCLXXXIII. Monday, December 11. My dear Nieces arid Nephews- ' . I promised to write ypu a "Ghristmasay" tetter,, but dear me! it is riot sueh an easy thing to do. So much, has been and is being thought and said and ?written about Christ mas that it seems, well-nigh impossible to suggest anything that shall have the charm of novelty. Yet, after all, .the essential charm of Christmas is not its novelty-wot its new ness-bult ite "oldness." " We love to speak of "Old Father Christjmas," and to picture him as a white-haired patriarch of most be nevolent aspect. We rather reriant that (so-called) up-to-date" representation of Christmas as a gay, and by no means over dressed damsel caretering along on a bicycle. Shade of Ghlarles Dickens! How would tlhe immortal pen tihat described so vividly tlhe Ghosts of Christmas Past and Christmas Present have protested against thiB fin-de sieele^jresentment of ithose worthies! Well, well, well-"the times change, and we change with them," it is true; but I, for one, fervently hope that we may (never lose our fondness for wftnat has been aptly called a "Dickeney" Christmas-even in these sou thern lands, where itlhe climatic conditions are so widely different from those that per tain to tJi'e dear old Motherland at this eventful season. -1 wonder how many of my youthful rea ders comprehend the meaning of that phrase I have just used-a "Dickensy" Chridtimas. Of course, if you are well ac quainted wiML his books (and particularly with "A Christmas Carol") you will readily .understand what is meant^by the phrase. But my object in specially referring to it now is just to point out that it has two meanings-a lower and a 'higher. The low'cr one refers to the "creature comforts" tihat form sudhi an impoitant part of Christmastide festivities-the roast go ope and apple sauce, the plum pudding and mince pies, and the subssquent merrymakings. All these have their proper time and place, no doubt; and no one en tered more fully into the enjoyment of them than he who has written about them so incomparably well. The higher meaning of the phrase has reference to "the spirit of Christmas," which the gnat writer so eloquently and forcefully alluded to in those ever-memorable words uttered by okl Scixvoee's nephew in "A Christmas Carol": -'"I nave always thought of Christmas time when it has come around-apart from the veneration dtie to its sacred name and origin (if anything belonging to it can be apart from that)-as a. good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time; the onlv time 1 know of, in tlhe long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and riot another race of creatures bound on other journeys." Yes, if Ave read the great author aright, if we look beneath the surface of his writ ings, we shall find that this is not only the higher meaning of a "Diekens.v" Christmas -it is the truer one; the one that will last long after the other is forgotten. For we know that a greater writer still has said "The things which are seen are temporal, but the things which arc not seen are eter nal." My concluding word to you, then, my dear-Nieces and Nephews, is just this~-trjr to ?nake this Christmas-time one of PURE enjoyment; not that which comes merely from a well-laden table, or a well-filled purse, or well-stocked hours of amusement, but the enjoyment that comes from think ing of others,'from helping others, and from ministering to the happiness of others. This is the last Christmas-time old "eighteen hundred" will know. Shall we not, there fore, do our utmost to make it the IHvST? There is one, and only one, way in which that can be done. 'The Great Founder of Christianity-lie Whose birth is about to be celebrated in almost every nook and cor ner of this big-little world-said of Himself that He came "not to be ministered unto, but to minister." And when we strive in that way to follow in His steps, we shall be doing the best and the most to spend a right merry and a truly joyful Christmas. "SUNBEAM" MESSAGES. Hero's a message from the ".Sunbeams" Of tliis sunny Southern cliinc. To the hearts that know and love us, ?At ttiis joyous Christmas-time You who have helped and cheered us, In all we have tried to do Accept this as a token Of our gratitude to jou Here's a message from the "Sunbeams" Of this sunny Southern clime, To all who are sad and lonely, At this joyous Christ nias-timc You who are needing comfort, And yon who are lacking friends, Accept'the loving sympathy That every "Sunbeam" 6cnds. Here's a jnessagc from the "Sunbeams" Of this sunny Southern clime, To those who btc sick and suff'ring At this joyous Christmas-lime You who arc "doomed to journey In company with pain," Accept our heartfelt wishes Kor j'our health and strength again. Here's a mersagc from the "Sunbeams" Of this sunny Southern clime. To "our boys" in far-off Africa At this joyous Christmas-time You who are fighting bravely For those who are in distress Accept our fervent wishes Kor your safety and success. ' Here's a message from the "Sunbeams" Of this sunny Southern clime, To London's cold and hungry wajfs At this joyous Christmas-time You who are faint with hunger And shiv'ring in clothes so few Accept and enjoy the Dinner Provided by "Sunbeams" true. Here's a message from the "Sunbeams" Of this sunny Southern clime, To all who care to receive it "J At this joyous Christmas-time May you have a happy season Of unalloyed good chec-r, And may its close behold the dawn Of a prosperous New Year! 