SHE EEIEESS OF FAKNELEIBH. CHAPTER XXXV7. ANOTHEE CHRISTMAS NIGHT. The clock struck the half hour after eleTer. as Madge hurried up the. stairs. She went directly to the picture gallery. All was in darkuess there and ae silent as a church, Foi a moment she stood quite still, listening intently, realizing that the moment whs a vital one— that no mistake must be mude now, or all her hopes and plans would suffer defeat. The tbsolute quiet reassured her, and she felt that no one was near to watch or listen.. With noiseless footsteps she advanced to a niche eovered by a heavy portisre, and the grey light, just relieving the darkness Jof the deserted place, showed her her father hidden there. His eyes looked comprehensively into hers and he nodded. She let the curtain fall and went back to the window opening on the terrace. Her heart beat now as if it would stifle her, but outwardly Bhe was calm as she drew the bolt back carefully and looked out. Ivan was there, waiting, as she had bade him, his arms folded patiently, his chin buned in the collar of his great coat. At sight of her he moved to the window slowly. She saw his face, changed by the stress of mental suffering he jiHd endured ; she Jeaw his eyes question her dumbly, and a wave of pain dud loye rushed over her heart for him. She could not let him know this, however. As yet, until all that parted them had been explained, they were as sundered as the pies. 'Come,' she said beckoning him within, and added in a whisper, ' I want you to hide here behind the curtain. Do not look out, but listen.' 'Aud the meaning of this? Won't you ex plain it to me ?' ' Not now. Ycu must wait.' She lifted the cord behind the heavy window curtain aud let the folds fat lover him. ' That will shelter you. Be sure you do not betray yourself.' He hoard her footsteps cautiously retreating, and then deep stillness fell upon tbe place. Fifteen minutes later Madge opened the door of her room, and looked into the hall. Then she crept to the stairs, looked over, and listened. The upper part of the house was only dimly lit, und there was no one about. But was it really Madge who listened ? She ttemtd a ghost evolved from the memories cling ing to the old house, and haunting it on this fate ful anniversary. As she stood there she was the exact counterpart of her mother— indeed, she seeded the old miniatuie, imbued with life ; there was the same flowered blue brocade, made in the ?rogue of almdst a score of years before ; the same ?Id-fashioned arrangement of the dark brown hair, the pink rose drooping at the little ear, the wonder ful ruby cross, like a badge of dark red fire against her white throat. After waiting another moment sha crept care fully down the stairs to a side passage seldom used, leading by a small door into toe picture gallery. Here she vanished between the thickly- falling curtains, a-.d then all became quiet again. Ivan, in the meantime, waited iii hin hiding place— impHtient, wondering', not knbivtogjpiat o expect. ' He took out his watch, and in the gray light through the big wuidow looked at the hour. It lacked fifteen minutes to twelve. He remained viith the watch iu his baud, his eyes fastened upon it, noticing the progress of the second hand round the tiny dial. How long a minute seemed when measured by those sixty ticks while he waited expectant of— he knew not what. Three minutes more had gone, when he heard'a'1 sound in the picture gallery. He listened, his hwid gripping the curtain, preparatory to flinging it buck. The sound came again ; it was a cautious footstep. At the same moment he saw a gleam of light, faint and wavering, as from a candle being carried und touobed by a draught. What followed next startled him eo he stood unable to move. A shriek rent the silence— a harsh, protesting shriek which reminded him of; something wild and desperate resisting capture.: It was followed by inarticulate utterance beyond, his solving. ' The ruby cross ! Ah— ah 1 Out of the vault! She will never give me peace 1 Ah, the ruby cross-out of the vault -the vault I' There was a fall, and the sound of something metallio striking the floor, then darkness fell again. ' Ivan stepped into the long, greyish room, lookiug from right to left in amazement. There was confusion near ths door, aud a servant entered bearing oandlea. Beyond he could see the frightened face of Miss Abby aud some of the guests. ' What on earth can it be ?' Miss Abby ex Maimed. As the light radiated the lonely room the eyes of 1-feU upon a strange scene. In the frame where formerly only the battered canvas gave wnt of the portrait which ouce smiled from it, there wns the picture of the woman in blue brocade we ruby cross at her turoat. before this lay the outstretched body of a man, a candle still siuokiug, lying where it had fallen almost .within reach of his outspread aim. Leaning upon the table, his breath coming quickly, his eyes gaunt, but radiant with triumph, stood an old man, a stranger at Farneleigh, but ^cognised by some as Miles Gibbon, the old wock-iiieuder. Half way down the rot: a, near the window, «an stood &s; amazed b- t^e n sf. Unable to speak, 1 . ., -bby pointed to the Picture, and seeing tl:r uu. r iii her eyes, Madge came from hebind tht r.rtnin fastened to the «wer part of the frHn-c v-hioh had shielded her 'Kirts. ; ;' Aunt Abby, it is 1. ' ,!o said, quietly. ' By '»s strategy I have -In:- ./? out the man who 'iwUered ««y mother on » luistman niirht, fifteen Teanugo, There he ''Vs. His own words con ned him before listeners.' At (i pointed l0 lhe bo°y lying in the shadow. *i »iu- same moment Felix Lancoe appeared at tbe -Joo. Wuv lettding down t0 |Ke hH,| ma Bttw Ijadgea fBce grow ashamed und wnowfui. She looked away from him and let her faik re't on tlle body tf *ne nmn over which her ^jMspw Monkton !'' she oried, in incredible T, *,'.,-* * : ? ? * ' ' it was late in February, bit soft as May, mid , 'J? *'fld°ws 61 Furnish were all open to Ihe ' onwjeg wJliMh ltuf.|,,t(1 oareMintr the world. *? Aw-j «u eintaadering « handkerobief at the table in the morning room. Near her.'Tead ing a paper, was an old man. As Richard Parne leigh, his faoe wore a look of peace which had never been his. when he lived through dreary days of hope and waiting as Miles Gibbon. i ' I'm so sorry about Lancoe,' said Miss Abby, after a silence. Richard, his sad face haants me. I I find. mys»lf thinking of him wandering over the faeeijf- the'Bartbriri search of peace, yet ' feeling his life had been a failure.' ' Poor Lancoe— it only shows how fatally wrong ?iraumstautiat evidence can be,' the other replied, as, olasping his hand* behind his back, he paced up and down the room. ' You see he was the only man suspioion seemed to touch. He had always loved Alice. With this truth finely wedged in my jealous brain, it was easy to make all dues point towards him. You see, when T saw that snake, Monkton, go down the garden path on Christmas night, I supposed it was Lancot — you i see, both of them and I were about the same' height, though I'm bent now before my time. Woll, I mistook Monkton f*r Lancoe, and the Wanderer mistook Monkton for me, because n«'d put on iny conspicuous coat.' ,„ ?%??%. ? ' Q£. course Lancoe's retirement from Aha woVW ..hgjped tq-,make you think he had jsome^bjing^tD -.ifH'' .:-hesides a ^P^-JPYP''-^. ^8 Abby, as she took a careful stitch. ^. , , P '? 'XJf courie. That mgh^Wt&'s^sWt 'gribf^rtlT(^de«r'sm)Wr'tff'mtP'1ikellJe tortures of mind a murderer would endure, I Then the bronze cabinet which so mysteriously | disappeared— ah, that's the deepest stins of all, when I think of the wrong I did him. When he told me the day before he left for Japan that that box had contained some boyish mementos of Alice and the will which made Madge sole heiress of all he possessed, even though she never married him, I felc it was almost too much to expect his forgive ness for bur suspicions and plans to entrap him.' ' I must say he acted very justly, very kindly, to all,'' said Miss Abby, thoughtfully, as she raised her eyes to guze out at the park, wrapped in the soft spring haze. ' Here come Ivan and Madge,' she said, sud denly. ' We must have lunch earlier to-day. They've been ridinjr since breakfast. How happy they are ! To think that in a wtek she'll be gone from us, the wife of the man who loves her.' ' Thank Heaven, we'll be gone, too. ,1 wouldn't be here for anything on earth when Monkton ex piates his crime. Please Heaven, when we return Fanieleijfh will seem for ever purged tf this stain, and we can think of the dead in resignation and peace.' He spoke urgently, and stepped out on the terrace to meat the riders. Mudge went to her room, and Ivan entered alone. ' I've jrot some news,' he said gravely. ' It's not a pleasant topic to tounh upon, but this tells of the last scene in the drama.' 'What? Something- - about Moukton, 1 suppose ?' asked Richard Furneleigh. ' Yes ; he died suddenly this morning, and he 6 inude a full confession, just to rid his miud of a burden. Shall I tell you ?' ?? Of course,' was the quiet answer. ' I met old Traffon in the village, and he told me They're very »xoited at the gaol over his deitth You'll receive a copy of the document he left but these are tbe main facts. The murder was committed simply to obtain possession of the ruby cross. In the darkness of the church it slipped from his grasp, and, the fear of dpteotion overcoming him, he was not able to make a r.roper eesroh. In bis baste he buried it with the victim, and never dared open the vault to look for rt. Often he went as far as the shurch, ofttii «P to thevanU door, as he .lid the ni^ht you almost osncht him. but his courage failed ijmi when he would have omertd th« terrible place. Utifms «M-tad ontwardly an obedient servant to a kind suffered agonies of terror and suspense in his heart. ' You frightened him badly a few nights- before Christmas wheu you almost captured him iu the ruin. He ? determined to leave Farueleigh secretly. Of course his denial that he was the Mr. Grey who had asked Maroia Baldwin to marry him was untrue. He retracts all the lies be told in contradiction of her testimony. She knew him daring her short stay here, and he was known to her mother as Mr. Grey. He confesses to having robbed Miss Abby .'ysttmiatically for years, and it was to get thousands which be had at various times secreted under the hearthstone of the picture gallery — a place seldom used — which took him there the night. Madge had arranged everything to surprise some words equivalent to a confession of guilt from Felix Laucoe. The money is there yet. and Traffon said he really believed the thought that h 3 hadn't been able to get that tortured the fellow more than his crime.' ' Had he seen Marcia Baldwiu at all?' ' Oh, yes. It seems be was really attracted to the girl and had her sent for when he felt himself dyiug. She'd going back to Now York and taking with her letters which will entitle her to som property he holds there, unless you, Miss Abby' dispute-her right to it.' ' Dispute !' said Miss Abby, in a tone of scorn, ' I wouldn't even argue with the girl ; I wduldu't1^ have my name in any way connected with hers. She's welcome to all Jasper Monkton or- ' Mr,;' Grey' has left her.' 'Besides,' said Richard Farneleigh, 'thou- sands ore tinder the hearth- place still.' ' . Madge came in, having changed her habit for a rose- colored morning gown, and the topio was abruptly changed. ' ' ?' This is almost the last time you'll eqme in so,' said Miss Abby, winding her arms, around the girl's waist. ' When you return from Paris you will be the mistress of Maryfield, and Farneleigh will have lost its belle. Ah, dear child, how happy I want you to be, and how happy you will be.' Madge met Ivan's look of love with a soft smilo, and then, seating herself on the arm of her father's chair, laid her cheek on his grey head. ?? Afterwards when Ivan and Miss Abby were busy talking . together, she bent her face, down, and looktd into her father's ejes. ' Do you kqow, where I went to-day for my last visit before my marriage ?.' ' Yes, I know,' he said softly. ' Oh, it is bo' pretty on the hillside I' sha whispered. *' To rest there in a flower -clad grave seems like sleeping, not like being dead at all. I kissed her dear name upon the stone, 'father,'' and, I brought this home to you.' ; She slipped' a few crocuses tied with a sprig of grass into his palm. ' Your mother ' loved them,' he said. 'I em clad they coyer her grave.' Madge saw a mist of tears in his eyes, but as his gaze rested en the small bunch of flowers a smile that was wistful and grave deepened on bis lips. (The End.) A Jar^e shipment of butter fur the Eng lish market was taken away on Saturday by the Orient Coy's R.M.8. Oyoya, which left Sydney bound for London via ports The total number of boxes was 7591, shipped us follows :— Fresh Food and Ice Cou.pany, 1800 bpxes ; Creamery Butter Oo., 1800 boxers; Fpjey, Bm., 1440 boxes'; Farmers' Co operative Co., 1000 boxes ; R. Hall and Soi., 450 boxes ; Berriina District. f\\-., 450 boxes ; It. Lii-tV and Co., 113 boxes jW. and A. . M'Anhnr, i-6 boxes ; Berry Centrul Co , 54 boxes ; and A. Kerr, 27 boxes, ^j-^., ? 