SHEFFIELD WRSLEYAN f . OBVROH. Tho last twelve months (writes oar correspondent) have witnessed a great deal of- building and renovation ' in the thriving town of Sheffiold. It seems as if a spirit of emulation had been at work, for the various business establishments and other publio and private buildings have como undor the influence of the carpenter and painter, io that now the business end or tho. town has assumed quite a spick arid span appearance. The latest improvement is in oonneotion with the Wesleyan Ohurcb, which for some time has sadly neoded renovation. The trustees decided to spend about £70 on thu proporty, and this having now been done, the ; wolUkuowtt building has re newed its youth, Irou has replaced the original shinglo roof, the wholo of the outside woodwork has been thoroughly painted, while inside the walls harp been tinted a palo greon, and tho blaokwood dodo and seats have boon varnished, Tho front fonoo,- which had a decidedly disai- patod appoaranoe, has been superseded by a new and moro substantial one, and, altogether, tho trnstees aro to bo con gratulated upon a wise and nocossary expenditure, whioh has wrought quito a transformation. < Tho church, which has boon olosod for the past two or throo wooks, was for mally re-opened on Sunday. Tho Rov D. B. Bridgwood, chairman of the distriot!, oonduotod tho servioe morning, afternoon, and evening. Tho congrogationa wero' good, in snito. of tho extremoly oold woAthor. Tho proaoher delivered. throe excellent 'addresses, that in tbe morning from Aots 2, 4. The early church boforo Pontocost was an organisation without life, but tho Holy Ghost brought life and powor, not only to ministers, but to tho church, and that Vns tho powor that is to move the world. Iti the afternoon, the rov gontleman proaohod from Luke 15, 81\. Prosent devotion was better than a future repentance. Alifo spent for God was infinitely better than a life of sin and late repentance. All that God had was theirs, and ho willed them to enjoy it. The ovoning tUscourso was based on Luke 19, 20. If a man had a clear conscience he would onurt enquiry, tbe character of a man was known by what ho did, and his actions wore only tho outoomo of what he was. 1 Men had hard views of Christianity and God because thoy were not right. »On\ Monday evoning the church was paoked with an enthusiastic Audionco, whon a concert was hold in aid of the. renovation fund. The Rev DV B. Bridgwood presided. After singing and a prayer by Rov-W, H. Bp wo, a good programme was rendered; as follows:— Action song, by . the ohildren ; instru mental duots, Miss ' Cocker and Mr .Bentley ; recitation, Mrs D. Russell ; trio, Misses White, G. oohmidt, and A. Oruiokflhank ; dialogue, "Tho Fairy Quoon," by ten cirlB ; quartette, tho Mioses and Messrs Hopo ; solos by Messrs Wyatt and Coleman. The Chairman gave ah interesting and humorous address, urging tho membors of tho church to keep the internal spiritual arrangements of tho churoh in ' harmony, with its clean and frosh external appearance; The Rev O. O. Lelean, on behalf of tho trustees-and con- grogration, thanked all who had assisted in carrying out tho ronovation soheme, and oxpressed appreciation of tho way in which. the|work had been done by the contractor, Mr W. Jeffrey. A ooffeo supper was afterwards held in the W.O.T.U. Hall, whieh proved too, small for tho number, who wished to attendl The tables wero loaded with homo-made delicaoies, for which tho ladies of this distriot have ever beon famous.; The (Huvueua ui bitu . f cupuiuug ueiDuioviuua amounted to about £12. > 