MALARIAL PESTS. Apart from the danger of malaria (ob serves a writer in the London "Daily Mail") there are parts of our North Ameri can colonies where life is rendered a bur den through mosquitoes for three months in the year. • Men have died from blood poisoning induced by mosquito bite on the Atlin' goldfields and on the. Upper Fraser River. A single fly has in Africa accom plished more m the way of staying pro gress than all the savages, fevers, and wild beasts of the Dark Continent together. This is the dreaded tsetse, a fly shaped like our common, house fly, but rather smaller. Horses, oxen, sheep, and dogs, all fall be frfSrP Mils f irt\r ^ r>cl-rn^-pr 'liio crrvnf. nnrl fOre this tiny destroyer. The goat and donkey are the only domesticated animals that, can withstand the tsetse poison. The making of the railroad up from Delagoa Bay. into the Transvaal was seriously hin dered by the impossibility of transport through the tsetse belt, and the construc tion of the .'present East Coast line from Mombasa up into Uganda is also being much delayed. Termites, falsely called white ants, are, perhaps, the most destruc tive creatures known. All our African colo nies and.part of our West' Indian and North Australian possessions suffer severe ly from these insects. At Sierra Leone, if a resident leaves his house for a week or two, the chances are that When he returns he will find but the ghost of his furniture left. Termites eat wood, cane,, leather, paper, almost everything except metal and stone. British Guiana suffers from a plague of "jiggers," a tiny insect which gnaws its way under the skin of your toe, and produces a fearful sore if not removed at once. This insect has been accidentally taken to Africa, and is gracuaily covering the* continent from the east.,-westwards. Ceylon's pest is the microscopic insect winch attacked the coffee plantations, and ruined hundreds of planters. Canada loses' thousands of. acresof her' valuable forests by the' ravages of a caterpillar, the Pyralis; while almost all of our tropical colonies, particularly the Cape and •Rhodesia, periodically lose 'their crops, through the attacks of locusts. - • . , 