CHAPTER II, i mixed un with a love-affair •<rf heriblcl6'wyouri(n?r <wyn, and she knew tub about- it,, and delighted in it. The «t6ry liadibe«Sa told to her by Dr. Dale hitn nelfin a bender twilight hour, When he had 'h^Boft^edjandehe wasbeguiling. Her fflJotherfrfelBeneaB was hidden over frith a 'lpvetfa tenderness, and Barbara only won doi^-overbite breaking of a troth, and pondered' migKtdiave-beene. That her itilrtht^ hsdi diad of a brokem heart, Widbf^-bud- ih poverty, fllledbotli the girl eorrow. The] stftswy-of- Btrabanda adoption at the age of] ^vd belonged tothe other story, too, fi&d; folded; away'in har ^ — *■*"' of: lier life.. pie ilt;~ in Jfc- wius spotlt;in her opinion, where ;-8fe-DMetr o*a?:i«t$K^vttalrifrl 3$ai'be bad- £i» owttparenttaud j bis owtti bomc itiythoefe ^lier-feye %mM teed riofhing. ^ai<e Wfta €fePKys %een m place for Btar dn bis rfeele^e bdjtte, ittlMl Wvflfa! when the titty Barbara arrr?od be bail re fused :%> "vacatfe -it for her 'whims. Bte was particularly dogged At 'fifteen, when They lite met, and biw resented her intrusion mightily , ft teas tree that be bad greeted her (standing -well behind his uncle) Vitb. his tongue cut. Be bad also been at Spate to -explain her own positu® %b bar, in lan guage that five could tinr<efetfeiid. whoa? life parents died, and be, % ydu'th With .fe; fortune, oatne to Ahtcre bis linelefe home, lt was on Record That Bashaw bad, been Afflicted with -hysterics «nd a desire to 'earn her own living " \ Dr. Side suffered considerably from theses conflicting spirits, and be was not (grieved j when bis nephew bad set out in search Of! Adventure With a pearl- fisher. And the! years passed, ten of them, and bis mepbew ■came home, resolute as over net to yield to! the pretty girl who wiled bis tmek's house. ! was a grim man of thirty new, With a; in, line-marked face, And a passion for: >hs And homely evenings. Barbara was) pretty and gay end twenty'. She was; given to making snares for him, At this time, and living an a state of intense oxcita-; bility over h is bewildering manner of oscap-, ing them, and laughing at her. One in particular she laid with great de liberation, but not until he himself had in directly suggested it. She bad been din-; ing oat, and had returned into the homely quiet very gay. dests and gossip tripped j from her tongue as she seated herself on an j awn of the doctor's chair, and fondled his head occasionally. "That Mr. Ihmcan was surprised to hear our ghost story belonged to us, uncle," she: said. "He thought it belonged to that old I house of Mis, Somerset's, in Macquarie stneet." "1 hope you made him understand quite clearly it is our own," said the doctor, in m<wk Alarm. "It would be an awful thing," said Ste phen, looking up from his book, "if you al lowed him to remain under the impression that you were not even connected with a ghost." "1 suppose that is one of your nasty thrusts." said the girl, blushing, "just be cause there is no bl ood-relationship." "Blood -relationship with a ghostl" echoed Stephen, "llow very exciting you are, my dear ehilA." The last three words raised Barbara's ire. She bit her lips in vexation. Then a soft smile spread over her face, her eyes glis tened, and she leaned back, regarding a far corner speculatively. "You dare not spend a night alone in the cellar, although you are thirty," she said. Her speculation was so deep that she missed the look of enlightenment that flashed into Stephen's face, lie looked over tc his rtrrcle, donning what Barbara was pleased to name his scientific expression of countenance. "After all, there art more things in earth and heaven then we would like to have to account for," he said; "though I own one's impulse is to sneer nt the existence of wan der ing spirits, it would take a man of nerve to willingly put himself into the way of meeting one alone." "That is it," said Barbara. "Yon—now you may be brave--and all that. You've been in storms, and looked at death: but wouldn't you hesitate at the idea of spend ing half a night in our cellar?" "Precisely, said the young man. The girl grew rosy. ller eves slrbne. Her delight was apparent. "You dare not Rpend half a night—from 11 till 3—down there." she asserted. "FrnnkV," "aid Stephen. "I prefer—of eornse, I dare." But he said it weakly. "1 do not believe you dare." said the girl, believe you are afraid of the ghost and tire family curse." "A curse is an uncomfortable sort of thing," said Stephen. Barbara called Hie doctor to listen, while she repeated her challenge. Stephen threw back his head, and the lighl of battle in his eyes delighted the whimsical girl. "Of course," he said, "when you put it that way, I must—my manhood demands it. You surely don't think I was afraid!" But he had certainly appeared to be. 