HUHOUROÜS. IBB BUO PLEASED HIM. I ' See that man V said the clerk of an uptown hotel to me one evening, aa a handsome middle-aged man strolled i through the lobby. ' That is the presi- dent of the-Life Insuranoe company. He married his stenographer last Bpring It was quite a romanoe. He and the girl and bis office boy were coming down in the elevator in the insurance.building one afternoon when the stenographer saw a mouse on the boy's shoulder. She threw her arms ronnd the president's neck and (.creamed to him to protect her. The mouse cowered in a corner until the elevator reached the bottom floor and then escaped, the girl holding the Presi- dent all the time. ' Well, he liked the sensation of being hugged by a pretty girl so muoh that he married ber a few weeks afterwards.' ' And what became of the office boy !' I asked. ' Ob, he has a desk in the offiee at a good salary now, and is in line to bo President ic dne time, answered the clerk, carelessly. SILENCING A VOLUBLE IIABBEB. ' Tour hair is getting thin, sir.' said the barber to a customer. ' Yee,' replied the gentleman addressed ' I've been treating it with anti-fat. I never liked stout hair.' ' But you really should pnt Something on it,' persisted the tonsorial artist in a most earnest manner. ' I do every morning,' returned the customer. ' May I ask what V enquired the bar- ber. ' My hat,' said the patron. Thereafter waa Bilence. Mary : 'Aren't bioyolelampa annoying! Miriam (vexaciouBly) ; Yea ; mine goes out every time I run into anybody. Eva Goyle : 'What ia the marriageable agei' Miss Thirtyemith : 'Anywhere between the seminary and the cemetery. Mistress : ' Good gracious, Susan, the house ia on fire/ Susan (an overworked ' general") 'Well mum, It a oomfortin' to think that at last there'a a fire in the house I haven't had to light 1' ' Johnny, I hope you are not teaching that parrot to swear.' ' No, gran'ma, I am only telling it the worda it mustn't say. Wife 41 One o'olook in the morning I, A pretty time to come in 1' Husband : ' Well, what could I do 1' AU the public houses are oloacd. Judge : ' Were you present when thia quarrel first began ?' ' Yea, your Honor. That waa three years ago. I waa one of the guests at their wedding,' Mr. Slenderbuid (nattered):'Why,my little man, do you think I could tell yon a good ghost story V Boy : Because yon look so much like a skeleton.' ? ' ' Why do so many modern writers seem to prefer notoriety to fame V Because a man has to climb for fame, but he oan get notoriety by an easy tumble.' An exasperated show searetary seeks come satisfaction by drafting a supposed adver- tisement-'Wanted a secretary. He muat be able to pleaae over 1000 people, eaota wholly devoted to hie own interest», and the whole lot pulling in different directions. He muat have the faoulty of being iu aiz or or eight different plaoea at once, be respon- sible for all indoor and outdoor work, must enjoy being hunted about and driven over and bullied on ail occasions by exhibitors. He muBt stomach the cool indifference of successful exhibitors and the execrations of non-successful competitors with igual plac- idity and thankfulness, expressing nothing but blessings in retnrn. In vainly trying to please one enoh person, he must feel happy if be does not exasperate a doren others. Finally he must oheer himself that he has tbe Kew Asylum to fall back noon when he get« thoroughly brain softened and addle-headed by the perpetual worrying!), toasings and gorings, of the impetuous and contentious buoodice with whom he will be yarded. Some kissing incidente that I did not see I heard of on the military train and on the pier. One bouncing lass of the superior domeatio type waa very busy near the corn- er of Spring street, and after she had kissed and shaken hands with about a dozen of the men she waa put baale by a laughing police- man. ' Give the other girls a ohanoe,' said the constable. " Pooh I' replied the fair ad- mirer, 'can't a girl kies ber own oouain ?' ' Oh, yee, I suppose ao,' the policeman an- swered, ' but it's a funny thing if you're re- lated to the whole regiment.' Then, with . twinkle in hie eye and a touch of breque, he added, » Haven't ye a oouain or two in the Solice fooroe?' She had not, evidently, 'ear the gangway a* the men were going aboard, three of the contingent were stand- ing. Female relation! were weeping over the kissing two of these; the third, a fine lad of not more than 18, waa quite negleoted i till a tearful matronly woman of about SO threw ber arms'about his neck and kissed I him soundly on both ohceke. 1 Great heav- ens I Mary,'yon don't know the boy 1' cried her husband, ' No,' said the matron, ' bot, poor young fellow, he looked ao lonely I' ' So yon want to marry my daughter, eh V queried the old man. ' Do you think yon have the patience and forbearance to make her ni kind and indulgent hneband I' ' I don't know, air,' replied the would-be aon-inlaw. 'I can button a Btand-up col- lar on a shirt that isa half-size larger with* out getting angry, and I-' ' Say no more,! interrupted the old man. ' Say no more,' but take her, my son and my blcBBing goes with her.' Patrick MaoNámara waa recently indicted at the Limerick Assizes for stealing a sheep, the property of his landlord, Sir Garrett Fitz Manrioe. He pleaded that he found the animal straying on the road and waa aimply driving her home. ' Can yon read asked the Jndge. .' A little bit, me Lord, 'waa there ply. ' Then you could not be ignorant that the sheep belonged to your landlord, - Sir Garrett FitzHaurioe, aa his brand G.F.M. waa on her.' ' True enough, me Lord,' said the prinoner ; but, enre, I thought the letters stood for 1 Good Fat Hutton.' '."What's tbe matter, old obap V said a well known lawyer on Saturday to the represent- ative of a suburban constituency after the finish for the August Handioap. ' You look as if you d lost half a crown and found six-' pence!' > / Matter!' replied the disconsolate legislat- or,' Why, I had n fiver on Blackwood, and he geta beaten by that oonfounded Marie Corelll I I've come to the conclusion that ' backing horses is an invention of the devil.' ' Ah ! -I see the joke,' responded the un- sympathetic man of law. ' Having a taste of The Sorrows of Satan, eh !' Benign Individual : ' My good friend, don't you know that indulging your appetite for strong drink will undermine your health and bring you to death'« door >' De Tanquo ' Thatsh all right, old boy ; I won't be able to (hio) find zho keyhole.' Wife (who has the Foreign language 'spasm') : 'John, do you know I am get- ting on splendidly with my French ? I am really beginning to think in the langunge.' Hntband (interested in his paner) : ' Ie that so 7 Lot me hear you .'think a while in Frenoh.' Hanks : ' I don't eee how you can make yourself comfortable In this little dose stuffy cottage. Hicks : ' I've discovered a plan by wbioh I can keep cool-tbe warmest day.' Honka : ' What is it!' Hinks : 'I just think i of tbe rent I'd have to pay for a nico large place, and it makes me Bhiver.' 