LUCKY BOB BOOTLE. I There never had been such u time for poor folk, at least so said the inhabitants Df Greab Ditchley, and Great Ditchley should know. I think, considering it had been a village ever since Hampshire had been a county. Why, here was March, and Frost still lording ib over the waters, and showering his white floece upon the land ; here was flour ut such a figure that the seven years' youngster could curry, and easily, us much as could bo afforded by the whole family for a week's conBUmution. And yet in spite of hard frost, and hard - times the male folk of Ditchley still met in solemn conclave at the Cherry Apple, not that the landlord of that hostel gave trust, not he, but he liberally kept tho big fire burning in the common room, and there the poorest of his guetU3 dozed from mom till night, with the table for a mattress and their arms for bolsters, and when not asleep amused themselves by playing shove ha'penny, or the more brain-racking and en nobling game of coddam. We, of course, do not wish our readers to Suppose that the whole of the village played for beer at the Cherry Apple, as one peison at all event j might take exception to such a bold assertion. Johnny Bootle, the barber, dentist, apothecary, and sometimes schoolmaster, though the last person whom it would be supposed was not a regular frequenter of the inn, in fact, only visited the house at mid-day, and that was when ho went with his little brown mug to get his half pint of alo to wash down his hot dinner of bread, cheese, and raw onions. Poor Johnny Bootle was a widower with I one little boy— a village urchin, who was always getting into troublo, and always as a rule getting out of it with eclat, his very rascalities turning in the end to his advan tage. Notably upon one occasion when he abstracted a suit from the. tailor's three roomed house at Ditohley, a suit with mor tar-board hat included, and that belonged to a farmer's youngster just home from a collego. Master Bob Bootle. arraying him self in the stolen apparel, coolly walked in to the village church the following Sunday, received a new shilling from a purblind old lady, who mistook him for the parson's son, und actually seoured a bran new book of common prayer from'the vorger, who waB so struck with the little fellow'? supposed piety in attending church all alone, that,' meeting him at the door, he put him into the pew belonging to the Squire's family, who, at the time being away in London, were not, of course, present in tho holy pre cints of Ditchley Church. - Replacing Ins borrowed plumes the next day, no one ever heard of Mailer Bob's escapade for wetks after, and (hen its rela tion wss a stable joke at the Cliiriy Apple. Ib was the last day of March, lhe frost as hard and obstinate as ever, a'/ , Ditchley as sleepy-looking, and ancient ?md forlorn as usual, when within the common rocm of the Cherry Apple there was a very unusual commotion. Joe Rudkin, the pig-driver, was there, Stiles, the hedger and ditcher, Buffkins, the village carpenter, and Joe Spoopen dyke, the smith ; all were .'eatcd round the table in earnest conversation, shove ha'penny aitd coddam for the time being wus forgotten, a topic of exciting interest was being conversed upon that caused everything else to be erased the from memory of the little coterie. Johnny Bootle had got the brokers in. The hard winter had pub the finishing stroke to a series of misfortunes that had followed his wife's death three years before, and without a farthing in the world the poor w dower had come to ruin at last. '* And so arter bein', father and son, more'n a hundred years in that house, Johnny und young Bob are to be turned out after all, are they ?' said the pig driver who, though a eolid-headed, was a kind hearted man, ' It'll be main hard lines ; poor Johnny 1 I be main sorry for 'un,'said BufTkins, the caipenter, This opinion being expressed by the others. By tacit consent they all left the inn, and making their way to the resi dence of Johnny Bootle, were in time to see tho last article of furniture taken from bhe house. Beer, and few halfpence collected among his poor fellow villagers was after wards brought to poor Johnny Bootle by honest Joe Rudkin, who was then glad to hurry away from the sad and chilling scene. All gone at last ! furniture brokers, con doling neighbours, and all. And in the waning evening light the poor widower and his youthful son sat alone upon a bench lent them by the carpenter Buffkina, ' It s come at last. Bob, and it ain'r- as if 1 was a mun used to this kind 0' thing. Lord I our people was always well off, Bob. Your great grandfather, who was a sailor, made a fortune I've heard. And then his father, he was a butler and kept an inn twice the size of the Cherry Apple, whilst my poor old dad, your grandfather, made a pile of money abroad.' ' And what did he do with it, father ? ' said Master Bob, ruefully. '?? What did he do with ib t why loab it, Bob.' ... 'How ; had he got a hole in his pocket?' said Bob, this time with a grin. ' Well, I don't know aboub that, Bob He had a hole in his 'upper storey,' I think. to go and plank down all his fortune upon the gaming table and the turf as he did.' Ah, yes ; I've heard all about ib from poor mother. And 'now, what are we going to do, dad ; walk to London 1 I fancy that's the only thing to be done. a You can gob a job there. 5 here's as much shaving. I've been told, in London during one day, as we've had in Ditchley for the past five hun dred years. My only game hore is call away, a living soarecrow banging the clop pers to frighten the birds ; and I can'b geb a job at that now because I'm froze out.'' ' I'm afraid we shall have to go to Lon don, Bob, though ib will be dreadful to me to leave this cottuge where I was born,' said the poor, forlorn widower as he drew his hand across his eyes that, in spibe of his son's jovial spirits under their misfortune, were growing suspiciously moist. ' Well, dad, you know the old saying, ' What can't be cured must be endurod.' After a storm a calm'. Who knows 1 some thing may turn up. You've educated me, father, given me all the knowledge you ever had, and up in London we shall be ap preciated, perhaps. And now as they haven't pulled down the old summer- luuso built by my grandfather I'll lug away -ome of it, and we'll have a big fire, and a supper to night if we fast to morrow,' said the lad, with an abtempt ut a luugh. ' The old arbour that has stood many a winter's storm. Well, as we have 110 fuel. Bob, 'as you suggest, we may as well pullu portion of it down. ' The frost to-night is intense. How the wind howls I it's be ginning to snow, too, Bob. What a night ! and our poor little home bare and bleak 1 ' 'And some poor creatures to-night would bo glad of the uhelterof its four walls, dad.' ' I staticl reproved. Bob. Bub you are young— you are young, boy, while for me— oge robs me of all nerve and courage.' ' Care killed a cub, dad. When things are at the worst, they may. mend. 'Dark is .ike hour before the dawn.' They cull me luckv Bob. I may earn a lot of money, aB much as grandfather ever hud, up in London, who knows V' said the light hearted boy, as followed by-his unfortunate, broken spirited parent he made his way out into the garden ab the back of the cottage. There at the bottom of the lurgo piece of ground, between Iwo apple trees stood a summer-house, that, built of ouk and beech had remained for many years, braving alike the storms and tempests of summer and winter, its sides and roof still intact, and looking in the thick dirving snow quite comfortable that wild night. 'Better have the old seat up, dad. Per haps we might get the landlord of the Cherry Tree to buy the arbour after ell; it's jusb whnfc he wants toi his ^p-rrten,' ex claimed Bob, who now, pulling might ond main at the seat at the back of the sumn or house caused not only the top part to g.vo way but its supports also, the coneequoi.co being that he was thrown flat on his buok, a loud cry from his father causing him, how ever, to quickly start up to his feet again. ' It's all right, dad, I'm not hurl. Bub what are you staring ab ? Not grand father's ghost, is it J ' ' No, Bob ; but look 1 see what you've dono ! ' Following with his eyes the direction of liis father's shaking fingers. Bob now per ceived that in rending away bhe seat ho had Daused an upheaval of a portion of the floor ing, a daik, open cavity now yawning ab ' . their feet. 'What a jolly great hole, dad.' said Bob, who, stooping down and glancing into the * black abyss, laughed aloud. Presently, upon groping with his hands down the cavity, exclaiming : 'It's not much of a hole, after all, father. Why I can almost feel tho bottom of it, . and, by Jove 1 it's bricked all round liko a vault. What the douce can it be ? But wait a minute. I'll run in and biim? out the lantern. I should like to find out what ib really is.' Absent only for a few minutes, upon re turning with a light, Bob found his father kneeling by the holo, his face white as the falling snow, and his eyes rolling and flash ing with excitemeht, as he exclaimed in a husky voice : ' There's a small box down tljere. Bob. It— it must have been there for years.' ' Hurrah, dad ! and was pub there by grandfather,' cricd the boy, who, now throwing himself upon the ground and making a strange sound — an odd mixture of laughing and crying — presently, with a face almost as white us his parent's, dragged up from the hole a smalt wooden box— a box fuslened with a padlock, und clamped with iron. To break the decayed woodwork with a spade was the work of a moment. Wildly the father and son now gazed ab the sight before them. The little box split open, a shower of gold coins had rolled out forming a perfect mound. There lay the coins, tarnished and flash ing sullenly in the lantern's light, as though sulky ut being disturbed from their long repose in thtir dark hiding-place. The father and son recovering from their surprise, in half an hour the treasure had been conveyed into the house, tho hole being filled up and the aeat in the arbour replaced. Scarce had this been accomplished when answering a loud knock ab the d6or, the kind-hearted Joe Rudkin appeared upon the threshold laden with blankets and sheets sent by his good dame. Informed of what had taken place bhe pig-driver shouted uproariously, exclaim ing : 'f Lucky Bob ! dang it, here's a go ! I'll go round and borrow the miller's dob, and I'll wager I'll find those coves with the van They bean't been away from Cherry Tree mor'n a hour.' Joe Rudkin did come up with the van, una before twelve that night th? gdods had been brought back again, all Ditohley alive with the new*. The next day, from a handful of the guineas, Johnny Bootle had paid the land lord of tho Cherry Tree a.suin, in return for which beer, eggs and bacon, with spirits ad lib. had to be provided for every resi dent in Ditchley, the feast being eaten in tho big room of the inn, where the guests grew hoarse in hurraying Johnny Bootle and his son, lucky Bob. 