O0J LETITIA'S DAUGHTER. By Zoe Anderson Norris, in the "Pitts burg Chronicle Telegraph." Tabitha Allen took Eliza's hat, laid it on a table near by, motioned her to a 1 seat and stood in the middle of the room, ! looking solemnly down at her. j it I tell you somethm ," said she, j creasing her forehead into an impressive frown," will you promise not to tell?" "I promise," said Eliza. "On your word of honor?" "On my word of honor," repeated Eliza, "I won't breathe it to a livin' soul. Tabitha took her seat at the window, and, searching in a cumbersome basket for a heelless stocking, found one, slip ped the darning ball into it and slowly thrust her needle through an emery bail in the shape of an overgrown straw berry, while Eliza leaned eagerly for ward, waiting to hear. Tabitha threaded her needle before she spoke. . "There's to be a woddin' in the neigh borhood pretty soon," she said then. "A weddin'!" cried Eliza "What! You don't mean next door — Letitia Kinsman and Tom Jones!" Tabitha's thin lips wreathed them selves into a sphinxlike smile. "That's what everybody thinks, I know," said she, "but there'll be a little surprise waitin' 'em. It ain't Letitia this time, as it happens." "Then who in the world can it be?" asked Eliza breathlessly. Tabitha waived the question. "I've been livin' next door to Letitia . Kinsman ever since her husband died," j said she, "and I know all about her from j A to izzard; not that she's told me much herself — Letitia never was no| great hand to talk; she's a close- mouthed woman, especially when it j comes to anything concernin' her own : affairs — but you can't help pickin up a mite of information as you go along, j livin' so close — that is, if you've got any ; eyes at all." ' I She worked awhile in siience before j she began again. j "Letitia wore her crape a good long j time for such a flretty woman, and it! was a long time, too, before she began to i notice, as much as a year or more. So | when Tom Jones took to see-in' her home ; from meetin' and hang-in' over the gate j with her till the moon went down, no body was much surprised. Letitia's a mighty pretty woman — mighty pretty! And smart! There ain't a smarterwoman in Plainville than Letitia Kinsman." "Seems like, even if them widows ain't pretty, they're kinder takin' some how or other," put in Eliza. "They alius catches the eye of the men." Tabitha nodded assent as she ran her long needle through every other stitch in the diminutive latticework she was weaving in the spot where the heel of the stocking had been. "That's true enough," she said, "and as I say, it begun to look like Letitia was havin' things all her own way. She was a widow and pretty yet and smart. There never was a church sociable but what Letitia had every man in the room around her a-splittin" of their sides Jaugliin' at the funny things she said right off plank down, while the rest of us thought of what we mought have said after we'd got half way home." She slapped her hand over her mouth in the effort to conceal a slight yawn. "Yes," she concluded, "she was smart —there's no denying that— about most things. But there was one thing she wa'n't smat about." "And what was tfhat?" demanded Eliza. "When everything was goin' her way j and Tom had popped the question, or was about' to pop it, and that" — here she ! grasped the stocking more securely and looked cross-eyed as she ran the needle hack the other way, the point toward her — "was one thing I never could quite make out, whether he ever asked her in so many. words to marry him or not. If he didn't, all I've got to say is that he was mighty near it, sendin' her little sweet smellin' bokays and settin' out on the front porch with her till all hours of the night, and, as I said before, hang- in' on the gate; not only that, but comin' sometimes early In the morning, before I'd had time to get my dishes washed: so early that if you hadn't known better, you'd thought he'd been hangin' there on the gate the livelong night." Eliza was in a spasm of suspense. "What did she do that wa'n't smart?" she begged to know. Tabitha had finished darning the stocking. She laid it across her knee, smiled complacently at the deftness of her own handiwork, and slipped the. darning ball into its mate. "She brought that big girl of hers home out of the boardin' school," she an nounced with an intonation of disgust. "That's what she did," "And Tom fell in love with her?" 1 "O course! What else could she have expected, I'd like to know? Letitia's pretty, but her daughter is prettier. Be sides she is 17 years younger, and that makes a great deal of difference with a man." "Tom Jones is every bit and grain as old at Letitia Kinsman," declared Eliza indignantly. "Don't I know that? But he's a man, remember, and men don't get old, they say. Anyway, the oider they get the bet ter they likes to hang around a girl that's jest about fryin' size. And that's the reason I says the minit I see that young thing jump out of the 'bus and run up the walk to the house, her cheeks a-bloomin' like roses and her eyes a- shinin', 'It's all up with Letitia!' Them was my very words, "It's all up with Le titia!' " She snipped oft a stray thread with her scissors. "And I was right," she went on. "It was. From that time on it was Tom and Letitia's daughter a-settin' out on the porch together and hangin on the gate together, and it was the girl that got the little bokays and put 'em in the vase on the mantelpiece in the parlor where they could scent up the whole house, while Letitia stood by and looked on. "When she first came, Letitia was so bright and cheery you'd taken 'em for sisters if you'd seen 'em setlin' side by side, but it wa'n't many weeks before Letitia began to get hollow eyed and white jest when . she'd oughter been a-bloomin' her very prettiest if she wanted to be any sort of match for the girl at all. It was pitiful to see the change in her. She got so she didn't make any more of her cute jokes and she never laughed any more. I missed that laugh of hers. I us ed to like to hear it settin' here by the win dow sewin'. The girl laughed a-plc-nty, but Letitia . she got quieter and quieter until at last you'd thought it was a ghost of a woman ereepin' about the house at her work, lag- gin' sort of tired like and worn out as if she'd somehow come to the end of her row." ; She sighed as she unwound the- darning cotton from a black ball, bit off the end : and once more threaded the large eye of 1 the needle. "One night last week," she continued, "I saw Tom and the girl out in the moonlight together as usual hangin' on the gate. I could hear it creakin', swingin' backwards and forwards. The girl's laugh came lloatin' to me once in a while, too, a pretty laugh like Letitia's, only younger and gayer. So I thought now Letitia is in the ; house in the dark ail by herself, and I'll i go in and keep her company. 1 had bor- ; rowed a spoonful of tea from her the day before. It would lyj a good excuse to pre- i tend I'd come to pay it back. I went I around to the kitchen door; it was the nearest way ; besides them two was out in the front, and I knew they wouldn't I want to be disturbed. The door was open. I Letitia and me had been neighbors so long ! that' I didn't think nothin' of walkin' right I in. I went through the dinin' room to the | settin' room and stood still in the middle | of it l.iokin' around for Letitia. There was , | a coueli by the window, with the moon- I light streamin' over it and Letitia was : layin' on it face down, like somebody'd j thrown her there. She was shakin' ail i over with sobs. She wasn't ervin' so as you could hoar her. but just sort 0' catch- in' her breath, tryin' hard not to c-ry, for all the world like a child that had been whipped." "What did you do?" panted Eliza. "I stood there" replied Tabitha. "She hadn't heard me come in, so she kept on sobbin' till by and by she kinder felt that I was there — you know how that is— and started up, brushin' the tears away with the back pf her hands. 'How you frigh tened me!' she says, tryin' to laugh, with her voice all tremblin'.Then she went on to explain about how she had one of her bad nervous headaches that she's subject to and was lyin' down to see if she couldn't sleep it off. "I never said a thing not a single thing. I just waited, listenin' as if I was takin' it all in. Then, when she was through, 'I've brought back the tea I borrowed from you yesterday,' I told her, and I handed her the cup with the spoonful of tea at the bottom of it. " 'You needn't a minded about bringin' Letitia's a mighty good, liberal-hearted back that little bit of tea,' she said — neighbor to have. I've alius said that of her— and she went on out into the kitchen and found the tea cannister, poured the tea into it, wiped the cup and handed it back to me, all without any light. The moonlight is bright as day, says she, apologisin', but I know the reason she wouldn't light the lamp— she didn't want me to see the tears on her cheeks. "After that she asked me to come in and set down but of course I wouldn't. I marched myself straight back home." "And how did you find out about the weddin'?" inquired Eliza. "It was the next mornin'. I was tyin' up some mornin' glory vines on the side fence between lier yard and mine when she came out of the house and stood across from me with the vines in between us. " 'If you've got a spool of white thread No. 70,' says she, 'I'd like to borrow it' and with that she goes on to tell me about the weddin', smilin' brave as you please, with her face like a ghost. 'My daughter is to be married soon,' says she, 'to Mr Jones, and I am real busy now workin' on her weddin' clothes.' " 'I'll get you the thread in one minute,' I said to her and I started for the house. On the step of the back porch I happened to look over my shoulder at her standin there with the morning glories up to her waist and bloomin' fit to kill, sort of mak- in part of a frame for her. The smile .was all gone— she thought I wasn't lookin', you see— and your heart would have ached, Eliza, if you could have seen her. face!" By this time she had finished darning the mate to the first stocking. She laid them together, rolled them in a neat roll and turned the hem of one over both. "And so," gasped Eliza, "it's the daugh ter he's goin to marry, after all, and not Letitia! My land!" "It's the daughter," said Tabitha con clusively, drawing the big basket closer and laying the stockings in it with others like them, carefully darned and folded away in pairs. ' Eliza rose and reached for her hat. In her haste she pinned it on a trifle crooked, which had the effect of giving her a rakish air, but, nothing daunted, she made for the door. Tabitha followed her. "What's your hurry?" she asked. "Oh, there are a lot of things I've got to do this mornin," explained Eliza. "I'm up to my neck in work, as usual, but I'm awfully glad I found you at home, Ta bitha, awfully glad! Come over soon, real soon,' and bring your knittin. Why can't you stay ail day? Well, if you can't do that make me a little visit any way. Good-by." "Good-by," said Tabitha. As she watched her hurry out of the gate and make her way swiftly across the street she added ; "She declared up and down she wouldn't tell, but I know that Eliza Banks like a book. If she kept a secret half a day she'd die of it. She's gone right now to hunt up some body to tell it to." She shut the door and walked back into the room. "That story will be all over Plainville with a thousand frills and furbelows by night." she muttered. 