THE BALLARAT "GHOST" SCARE. BALLARAT, Thursday. Last night the .residents of Alfrcdton .thought they had captured two of the "'ghosts" that have latterly been seen In Bnl- ilarat and the suburbs. Captain Stanley Low, A.D.C. to the commandant, raised the -alarm, as the Intruders were In the grounds ot his father-in-law, Sir Henry Cuthbert, but when the police arrived it was found tlint the supposed phantoms wero two Indian hawkers In gorgeous attire. At tlie city court to-day the dusky pedlars were each, fined 7/6 for trespassing on the grounds of the Solicitor-General, but they said they had 'no money to pay the penalties, and they were removed to gaol. BENDIGO, Thursday. At the Supremo Court to-day, before Judge Williams, John Hlckey wns found not guilty .011 a charge of receiving £4 O/, knowing it to /have been stolen, from a boy named Regin ald Allison, on the 17th April. BEULAH, Thursday. An old resident, Mr. Geo. Blyfliman, died (yesterday afternoon. He was an oxperl- \- mental farmer, having grown different sorts of rust' resisting wheat. » CASTLEMAIXE, Thursday. Tbe local branch of the A.M. A. held a very successful bnll and supper last night. Dur ing tlie past 12 months the membership of tlie branch has more than doubled. Minor Cnnon Sutton was to- ulght Inducted ns Incumbent of Christ Church. In the ab sence of the lilshop, Archdeacon M'Cullagh, of Boncllgo, performed the ceremony, nnd he wns assisted lu the service by the Itevs. U. C. Kelly, rural (lean of Sandhurst; Potter, Tyssen, Snodgrnss nnd M'Doiinld. ECIIUCA, Thursday. This morning' the steamer Australian ar rived 'Wlt'li 50 tons of dried fruits from Mil- dura, and lb Is nftornooD the GoldSborough sailed with n cargo of general morchaudlss for the Murrmnhldgeo. Yesterday afternoon the Echucn Rifle Club defeated the Woodend club by 7 points. MARYBOROUGH, Thursday. . At the police court this mornlne, a yo'mig man named Sylvester Trice was charged with gaining admission to Princess Park to see a football match, without producing u member's ticket or . paying for admission. Evidence was given, ns to Price's refusal to pay for entrance". Price swore thnt he had a 'ticket at' tbe time, lint tvas not asked to produce it, while a witness named Charles Xuun, who Was In accused's company at the match, swore that Price bad not been asked to pay. Mr.. Lender, P.M., told the witness that he did not' believe him. Counsel toe the defence contended 'thn't the sergeant had no authority to prosecute ou behalf of the council, the latter being trustees of the park. Decision was reserved on these points, hut the P.M. intimated that a conviction would result If they failed. MOOROOPNA, Thursdny. Tho local 'hospital Is only £450 In' debt, and" If. tho Government grant comes to hand this month. It will be able to start its next flnnnelnl year without liability. A few years ngo it wns £2300 behind, aud, be sides clearing that off. it has raised about f2000 for special buildings rind other pur- .poses. . QUEENSCLTFF, Thursday. 'A handsome rod stag arrived by train this morning nt Queenseliff. It was presented to the VIctorlnn-renuanent Artillery by Mr. James Ruksell, of Cnrnghara. The voting deer will be stationed nt Swan Island. It Is intended to procure a couple ..of hinds and form the nucleus of a herd. . 