"THE COURSE OF TRUE LOVE." CHAPTER VIII. ' There is certainly never any harm in learning how to got out o£ a possiblo ditli- culty,' answered Bruco. 'But I trust that tlio danger from traps upon tho iiarnngton property is now at an end. I luivo always waged war against them, and at last I liavo got them removed from our grounds. And I do not think any body else in tho neighbourhood sots them.' 1 Oh, I am glad to hoar that,' exclaimed Lcnore, with a look of roliof. ' I confess I had como to have a sort of horror of seeing tho dogs dart of! into tho holds or copses, and it is almost impossible to keep them back. I shall bo much happier now. How did you succeed in your object V ' Well, tho success was duo to Miss Quiltcr more than to myself. She took my father in hand, and then wo both went at him together. Sho drow an appalling picture of what might happon if I wcro to find a rabid dog caught— for of course sho pro-supposed that I should promptly rolcaso it, oven at tho risk of my life ' ' Which I bolicvo you would,' interposed Lenoru softly. Bruco smiled faintly, and continued — 'And I held up my bandaged hand — after Dodo's fashion — to solicit sympathy; and between us we prevailed, and tho hat went forth. As a matter of fact, wo don't preserve anything to speak of now 011 our land. My father has pretty woll given up shooting ; nnd I havo not carried a gun for over thrco years. It is a farco to keep up tho old traditions of warfare against four-footed foes. So in future, Miss Lonoro, you need not tremble when you cross our fields or Bkirt our copses. Dodo will bo snfe from harm.' _ Bruco cntortaincd tho party for a short time by imitating, with wonderful accuracy, tho cries of various kinds of . birds and beasts, Dodo climbing about him to try to discover whoneo tho sounds proceeded ; whilst Bluck Boy and the fox- terrier of tho houso capered around in growing excitement, evidently expecting every moment, that soma wild creature would dash out and affurd them the delightB of n chase. Tea over, the party partially broko up, tho younger peoplo going oil to play tennis together — Lcnore excused her- solf on tho ground of having forgotten tier bat and shoes, but promised to bring tho next time — and the Professor going to his study. During the slight confusion Miss Priscilla changed her position, and came closo tho shady corner whore Lcnore and Bruco still sat tnlking, the young inan rising instantly and giving her his seat. ' But you must not go away,' she said, with tho imperious little gesture that she had caught from her stately sister — there are very many things that I want to ask you. I am so glad to meet you again after all theso yearn. It is pleasant to renew acquaintance with frionds who huyo boon away, or havo temporarily retired. Tell me something about your self and tho Grange. I used to know it so well. Once I thought it almost a nicer place thnn Goldhnwk.' 'You would liardly think that now,' answered Bruce, a little sadly nnd very centlv : for thoro was flomofchin'ifr nVvnnh Miss Priscilla that always evokod gentle ness and tenderness. 'I fancy the charm wont when my mother died ; und for mo it has never returned. And yet I love tho old house too, though with a love that has a strango blend of sadness in it. It full of memories — ghosts of tho past. I wonder if such ghosts are over laid ?' He spoke dreamily. It was as though ho Imd for n moment forgotten his hearers, or as though something in Miss Priscilln's presence or question had taken his mind back to former days, and had roused this train of memories. A look of entire sympathy nnd com prehension shone in Miss Priscilla's soft eyes. Sho gazed into his face with real tenderness, and softly laid her hand upon his arm. 'Do you feci liko thntl' sho asked. ' Oh, so do I — so do I. I should not have known how to say it — but I know exactly what you mean. All tho world is full of memories. Sometimes I think that it is they that aro tho real things— that the rest is all a dream.' Lcnore looked at her in sudden surprise. Never to her knowledge had Miss Priscilla spouon 111 sucn a strum, or appeared con scious of tho peculiarity of her nature. Bruco Bnrrington, too, seemed to be awnre of something unusual in this confession, for his nnswer was a very gentle one. ' Thoro are many kinds of memories,' I10 said. ' I think yours must bo all very sweet ones, Miss Priscilla. Some people havo a gift of making flowers spring up about their path. Othors attract only brambles nnd thorns.' Miss Priscillunckuowledgcd this implied tribute with her graceful bridling littlo gesture, and talked on of old days to Bruce in a fashion which, if not entirely com prehensible to her hearers, was altogether delightful to herself. Sho asked a good deal about Squire Barrington — giving tho old man _ that title, whicli of lato had dropped into dcsuctudo in tho neighbour hood ; and Bruco answered quietly and with a sense of gratitude that any ono should now speak to him of his fathor, abovo all ono of tho ladies of Goldhnwk, who stood so high in tho estimation of all tho country. Lonoro was presently called away ; but Miss Priscilla still sat chatting with xiruce, ana rose to leave linn only when tho carrigo had been waiting quite ton minutes nt tho gate. Tho visit to March Meads had bcou greatly enjoyed by both nunt nnd niece, nnd it wns relief to Mrs. Hare that Miss Priscilla had been thorc, and had been from the first aware of tho acquaintance between Bruce Barrington nnd hor niece. Miss Priscilla's littlo peculiarities were not unknown in the placo ; but the extent of them was not realised, nnd it did not occur to anybody to regard her as other than an authorised chaperon to Lonoro. If she approved of the acquaintance, all was well. Sho was slightly eccentric, and not quite as othors woro ; but sho was ono of tho ' ladies of Goldhnwk,' and was fully nblo to tako enro of hor niece in the / matter of proprioty. Indeed she rather conveyed the impression that sho was tho most precise and particular of the three sisters. 'I am truly glad that that poor young fellow is not ' to bo cut by tho whole place,' said Mrs. Hare, as tho guest look their departuro. 'I know Miss Quiltcr snid that it was more his own doing and the result of longillnesR thnnanytliingolso ; but, all tho same, ho has led a very isolated life, nnd seems indisposed to givo up his solitary habits. It will do him good to sco that peoplo do not shrink from him, nnd I am particularly glnd that tho Goldhnwk peoplo should bo willing to meet him— tiuldhawk ranks so very high in tho estimation of tho neighbourhood. If I10 were once received tliero, I supposo ovorybody would receive liiin. But then it is said that I10 won't go to houses which havo beon closed against his father. Perhaps ho is rfglit; but it does cut him off from his fellows. Any way, it is some thing for him to meet friends hero upon neutral territory, so to speak.' Perhaps Mrs. Hare would have been less satisfied — certainly sho would have been decidedly surprised — had sho heard a certain scrap of conversation between aunt and niece as they wore driven bnck to Goldhnwk. It was Miss Priscilla who began, and sho spoko very cautiously, taking enro that her voice should not reach the cars of the men-servants on tho box. 'Tlioso are very nice people, Lcnore, my dear. I liko them all very much. And I was plooscd to meet Bruco Barrington again. Really, ho is a wondorfully porsonnblo young man— so different from tho young men of tho present day. Did not that strike you too.' ' I liko liirn very much indeed,' nnswered Lonoro quickly. ' I think there is something exceedingly nico about him, though I can't exactly define what it is.' ' Hush 1' said Miss Priscilla, raising a warning finger, and giving a quick glance towards tho backs of the servants. ' Be a little careful as to what you say, dear Lenoro. You see I think it would bo best not to mention to sister about our having mot Mr. Bruco Barrington. Wo had better keep it as a littlo secret to oursolves.' Lcnore's eyes brightened. Sho had a presentiment that, if sho spoko at Gold- hawk of their having met young Mr. Barrington, sonio obstoelo would immedi ately be raised to prevent the recurrence of such a thing. Sho did not supposo that her aunt would scold or mnko any undue fuss ; hut sho was morally con vinced that in some way or nnothcr this first ineetiug would bo the last. And Lenoro did not wish it to bo the last. It wns true that Itrucc Barrington had neither said nor done anything in the least remarkable. They had chatted only upon ordinary topics, and he had merely acted and conversed liko any other well mannered young man at a tea- party ; but all tho same, Lenora's interest in him had not waned or wavorcd in tho least, and tho curious sort of attraction which he had oxerciscd over her almost from the first suffered no diminution when brought face to faco with him. Thus the sugges tion, emanating from Miss Priscilla, filled her with a sudden sense of joy, although, so frank and open was she by nature, it would never have occurred to hor to practise any sort of concealment. ' Do you really think so, Prissy T she asked in an eager whisper, as cautious as Miss Priscilla's own. ' I do indeed, dear. You must linvo observed that mv sister Is not u-itlmnf. a certain amount of what I may perhaps not unfairly call social prejudice. And she has always exercised over me the strictest surveillance. I hove not resented it,' added Miss Priscillu quickly. ' I know that it is all becauso of tho' love she has for mc, and her desiro for my happi ness. But I havo ceased to bo a child — or even a very young girl. There are times when I feel I am able to judgo for myself what is fitting and right. I should never wish to bring to Goldhnwk anybody whom my sister would not care to recoive. I should novcr ask hor to do anything that might go ngninst her wishes ; but I consider that I ain old enough to judge for myself as to whom I meet society. I am not quite a child, and I liuvo also your companionship, dear Lcnore. I am not alone, so that no exception could lie taken by any reason able person. I could sco that it gave Mr. Bruce Bnrrington great pleasure to renew his acquaintance with me ; und even my sister ndmits that tliero is nothing whispered against the young man himself. I think it is cruel to make him suffer for tho failings of his father ; while even his latlier might novo been very ditlerent if ' And Miss Priscilla paused to give n meaning littlo sigh, whilst Le.iore could havo hugged her for her championship of Bruce, although it was hard to restrain a smile at tho thought that tho little lady plainly beliovcd herself tho object of sorno incipient tender passion on his part. ' You are a darling 1' she snid. ' And I nm sure Mr. Barrington was very pleased indeed that you were kind to hiui. Ilis face looked happier than I havo ever seen it look. Of courso you aro well ablo to judge for yourself, and I will not sny a word to anybody. I nm suro it is right for us to bo kind to hiiu. Ho has had so much sadness and suffering in his life- timo.' 'That is what I thought whilst wo were talking together of old times. I am suro it was a great pleasure to him. Ho said there was very few who remembered his father so kindly. You see, dear Lenoro, it is rather a hard and consorious world in which wo live, and wo ought nil, I think, to try to bring what comfort wo can to tlioso who aro sad and lonely. Wo all know sometimes what it is to bo lonely ourselves, and how comforting a little loving sympathy is to us then." So tho romantic self-willed young girl and tho elderly littlo spinster who was so kind of heart yet so feeblo of intellect entered together into a bond of secrocy which wns strangely fascinating to both, nnd which fostered, more than anything else perhaps could havo done, Lenoro's incipient admiration for and interest in Bruce. It made them often speak of him together. It mode them discuss together and comparo all that they had heard about him, and it caused Miss Priscilla to ransack her momory for all sorts of stories about the Barringtons of past days who had beon a ilno race enough, and hod mnny a deed of daring and devotion rec orded to their credit in the annals of the county. 'The Barringtons used to stand second only to tho Goldhawks,' Miss Priscilla would say, with a littlo touch of prido in her manner. 'In old days there were several alliances between tho fnmilics, and thoro might havo beon moro if — if things lud gono otherwise. But, after all, there is no knowing what may happen. Moro wonderful things havo been heard of than ending a foud with a marriage,' — and Miss Priscilla would nod her head smilingly at Lconore and look un- utterablo things ; for it was ono of lier pcculinr foibles that sho could put herself at will in tho place of nny heroine of romanco, and that sho could wcavo bright fancies for Lenoro's future, whilst still in some indescribable) way regarding horself nil tho while as the real heroine. She had mora thnn once suggested that Lonoro and Bruce might marry and bring hack tho old friendly relationship between the two houses ; nnd yet she was just ns full of romantic admiration of Bruco ns though sho supposed herself to be tho object of his secret adoration. This way of thinking and speaking made Miss Priscilla just now a very lovablo person to Lcnore, and the pair were so much together that tho elder sisters wondered nnd rejoiced, and spoke warmly of Lonoro's goodness of heart in being so patient and companion able with one who was not quite able to tnko her place in tho outer world. Lenoro had a great deal of tasto and talent for painting, and had already ninde a number of sketches of Miss Priscilla nnd tho tame cannry, which had como to .bo regnrdod almost as her special property. Sho now commenced a largor portrait in oils, to tho exceeding delight of Miss Priscilla, nnd several hours a day were dovotcd to this important work. Miss Goldhnwk nnd MiRs Pamela were greatly pleased and interested, and Lonoro was beginning to bo regarded in a different light from that of the " flighty young madam " she bad appeared at first. She was undoubtedly softening and toning down. Sho was still at times sufficiently audacious of speech and unceremonious in manner, but sho was trying to rcguluto her words nnd actions by the Goldhawk standard, and had already achiovcd somo degree of success. Sho was happy with her aunts — that in itself was a great thing, and won their hearts not a little. They were glnd enough for her to find companionship at March Meads or else where, nnd her comings and goings wcro not too strictly watched or questioned. Sho was so frank and open that tho idea of there being nny hidden secret in her life occurred to nobody. Nevertheless, tliore was one secret, and, although tho secrecy was as vet very slight — for sho seldom met Bruce Barrington to exchange n word with him— still tho germ was there, a growing feeling of stolon inti macy which would havo astonished Miss tiolahawk immensely could she havo guessed at it. But, so far as sho could see, life wns flowing along in a wonder fully smooth way, and she and Miss Pamela smiled to themselves, and said mnny times daily how glad they were that Lenoro had come, and what a pleasure it wns to see her and Priscilla so linppy together. They_ littlo knew what had been ono of the chief attractions that had drawn the two together into such quick and warm sympathy. CHAPTER IX. ' WitKJf you came to us, my dear, you spoke of having you horses down" from fnwn fA rvfltfllinwle knf T 1i A anything lis to when they will nrrivc. I think you must be missing your riding and driving. You aro not hesitating on our account/ 1 hope 1 There is plonty of room in the Goldhawk stables.' As sho spoke, Miss Goldhawk looked kindly at her niece. Lenoro was trying to achievo the difficult task of keeping Foozelum and Dodo both happy 011 her lap nt once. Tho pair were exccllont friends, but, as each desired to bo abso lutely comfortable, and to secure the best position, there was always a good deal of worrying and buffeting on such occasions, nnd perhaps that wns why Lcnore bent over them as sho met her aunt's glanco, so that Miss Goldhawk did not observe tho suddenly heightened colour that rose in her face. ' Oh, thank you very much, aunt Leonora. I should liko by-and-byo to havo horses here. But didn't I tell you ? I am not going to keep tho ones I had before I came. Indeed, I havo already sold them. I forgot to tell you, I sup pose. I decided that I would have new ones when I had any at all.' Miss Goldhawk looked a littlo sur- prised, nnd Miss Pamela usked briskly— 'What in tho world was that for, Lenoro 1 Surely you had better havo kept animals that you know and had tried f AVo nro not great judges of horses hero, though our coachman is a good man in that respect. Still, is it not rather a responsible thing to get now horses for a lady's riding and driving 1' ' Oh, I am so used to it tlint I don't think anything about it. AVo wcro alwnys changing the horses at uncle's place. And I'm a very fair judgo myself. The fact is tho pair I hud were not quito big enough for me. I took a fancy to them once, and tlioy were pretty enough, but I always felt there was a drawback about them. Somo friends of Mallory's desired to buy them, and offered a very good prico ; so I decided to sell them and get others. I'm not in any especial hurry, you see. The hot weather is coming, and I'm devoted to the bicyclo just now. By tho timo tho autumn arrives I shall liavo settled on something ; and I should liko to havo an animnl that I could hunt with if I got the chance. You wouldn't mind my huntimr sometimes. I suodosd. aunt. Leonora ? I have always been used to it in moderation. I don't livo for it, as somo peoplo do ; but I liko a good run on a good horso once a week or so in tho season.' Miss Goldhawk hesitated for a moment. Sho camo of a race of huntsmen and horsewomen, and in her day had followed the hounds on many an occasion by her father's side. But she had an impression that times and manners had ehanged ; and, besides, Lenoro was a very beautiful girl, a triflo reckless, too, and sho hod neither fathor nor brother to watch over her. The idea therefore of sending her forth into tho hunting- field was not altogether a welcome ono, although it was Miss Goldhawk's earnest wish to bo reasonable and liberal, and not to deny any rational indulgence. 'AVo will think about it, my dear, and see what can bo arranged. It would not do for you to go alone, or attended moroly by a servant. But I havo soveral old friends in tho county who still rido to hounds, and somo of them have daughters who do tho sumo. If I can find you n safo and suitable escort amongst thorn, I shall bo willing for you to go ; nnd I think you yourself would scarcely wish to hunt in any other tnshiou.' Lonoro considered for a moment, then answered frankly — ' No — I don't think I should. I hadn't thought of that before; but there aro always a lot of cads atul dowdy hangers- on now in a hunt, worse luck. I have always beon in with tho right sort of people, and kept away from mere loafers, and I should liko to go on doing tho samo.' Miss Pamela nodded decisively two or three times. She approved of tho senti ment, if not of the phraseology, and sho began to feci a pleasant certainty that Lenoro was toning down a littlo. During tho first weeks of her visit Miss Pamela had seen moro of "the hoydenish sido of tho girl's nature than either Miss Gold hawk — of whom Lenoro stood just a trillo in awe — or Miss Priscilla, to whom sho showed the gentler sido of her nature. Sho had rather, as sho cxpressod it, ' let fly ' at Miss Pamela, taking a somowhat mischievous pleasure in her aunt's startled looks nnd rather shocked gestures whonsho hnd given vent to somo extraordinary bit of slang or Now-AVoman philosopy. Sho was very fond of Miss Pamela, and in somo ways felt at homo with her ; but nt first she rather enjoyed horrifying her, and no it was Miss. Pamela who was mast clearly aware of tho softening change that was slowly passing over her. She looked up now to nay kindly and brightly — 'I am very pleased thnt you should feel so, my dear. It is quite tho right thing. And I have no doubt we shall be able to meet your wishes from time to time, and afford you tho enjoymont you havo been accustomed to. But you will have to find a good horse first. I think you should not venture to hunt without a really well-trained hunter of your own. I havo always understood thnt is abso lutely necessary, although I never had tho ncrvo myself to follow tho hounds as Leonora once did.' ' Oh, yes, I must have a good hunter,' answered Letiorc, once again bending over lier pots, ami trying, with a strong hand to settle them. ' I have been making iuquirioa, and I don't think I shall have any trouble on that Bcorc.' Then, noting a quick movement on Miss Pamela's part, and a glanco of uneasiness passing between tho two older sisters, she added, io a mattcr-of-fuot tone, ' I have spoken to Mr. Algar about it. Ho goes everywhere. I think I shall hear of something through him.' Sho flashed a glanco at tho two facas opposite, and saw that they had both cleared with wonderful celerity, while Miss Pamela remarked quito briskly — 'Mr. Algar Hare Is a capital person to consult. As you say, he goes about a great deal, and iii time, no doubt will hear of something suitable. Thoy seom to mo to bo very nico people. I am glad that youhnvesuch congenial friends so nenr to you ; and tho way in which they wel comed Priscilla was very kind — tho young ones, I mean, in particular— she enjoyed it very much.' ' Oh, wo are all fond of Prissy,' Lenoro returned warmly. ' Sho tells us fanciful stories, and Rowcrn makes sketches from thorn 1 and you kliej!', Frocli. (turned 0110 or two o| them into littlo romances, and got them taken by tlio magazines to which she sometimes contributes. She says they have an old-world flavour about them that makes them catch on. AAre have delightful times at March Meads. And, when I mil alone, it is nothing of a run ror 1110 on mo uicyeio. 1 am teacmng too girls to rido tho bieyelc, I mean ; nnd I havo ordered a couple of ' Premiers ' fur them from town, though thoy don't know that yet. AVo shall have real good times scouring tho country together. And perhaps you won't mind my keeping nn extra ono for tlieni 1 Riding alone is rather poor fun, and I think they would love to como with me. They have heaps of go in them, and I liavo plcntly of money to pay for everything.' 'Yes, my dear, you are a fortunate young lady in that respect,' observed Miss Goldhawk, with a sinilo; 'and, as to objecting, why, I should bo very glad indeed for you to keep an extra horso for your friends. In tho winter months wo havo hardly any work for ours — I go out myself so little — therefore thoro would bo no difficulty in your riding out — a party of threo— most dnys that you wished. Tho keep of nn extra horso or two in tho Goldhawk stables is not worth consider ing ; and I should bo much happier about you if you had genial companionship in your rides.' lcnore bundled dog and cat uncere moniously from off her lap, nnd sprang across to Miss Goldhawk in her sudden graceful fashion. ' You are a real dear, nunt Leonora — a ;reat deal too good for a wicked sintier liko mo. I am awfully obliged to you for your goodness, and I won't provo un worthy of it in the long run — I really won't.' And tho words were spoken with such earnest vchemcnco that Miss Gold hawk was touched by so uncxpcotcd a display of feeling. Lenoro ran off' then, nnd found Miss Priscilla in tho long pioturo-gnllcry, study, ing her favourito portraits, and posing gracefully before tlieni, the tamo canary upon her finger, and a long scarf draping her shoulders. 1 1 was thinking that n portrait some thing after tho stylo of this ono would bo rather pleasing. mv dear.' she said. And Lonoro moved forward nnd kissed hor, saying — 'You shall havo as many as you liko, and in nny stylo you liko, darl ing ; but hurry now and lot us go to March Meads. Do you know, I havo obtained leave from aunt Leonora to got liorsos and a hunter ; so now wo can do our horse- dealing with u clear conscience.' ' Oh, my dear,' exclaimed tho littlo lady, blushing. But you did not men tion tho name of Barrington, I hope 1' 'No — thoro was no need,' answered Lcnore. ' I was afraid, when the subject was first mentioned, that they would smell a rat, and I think they woro ready to bo suspicious. But when I said that Algar Hare wns looking out for what I needed, thoy were quito satisfied. I don't want to bo a hypocrite, I don't want to bo mean, but I can't seo that I'm bound to say where Algar is likely to got tho horses from. If tho Barringtons breed tho bost horses in tho county, why shouldn't I buy from them as wellns from anybody else 1 Every word I said wis porfcctly true. It is Algar who is seoing about it. If they hud wanted to know more, they could have asked. I wasn't obliged to state where he went for infor illation, nnd so on.' ' Sister will never mention tho liiuuo of Barrington if sho can help it,' said Miss Priscilla. 'And it is much better not to name it to her cither. Most of us have our littlo weaknesses, I suppose ; and oven sister is not quito exempt. But there is no need to trouble and disturb hor. AVo can tnko care of ourselves and each other. Sho would only mnko herself miserable for nothing ; for indeed I liavo made up my mind never to marry and leave hor. But that is 110 reason why I should refuse to exhibit, somo kindness to one who hns been so unhappy in his life, and who shows his pleasure in receiving littlo tokens of friendship from tlioso who know him in happier days.' Thnt was tlio form Miss Priscilla's arguments always took ; and Lonoro would kiss her between laughter and caresses, and try to convinco herself that there was no shadow of harm in what she was doing It pleased and interested Miss Priscilla," it was immensely interesting to horself ; nnd it was surely a right net to break through nn unworthy prcjudico which had grown up — nobody seemed quito to know how— and to show that Christian lovo nnd charity could bo broador and fuller than socio persons wcro willing to believe. Lenoro know that sho must riot go to Bnrrington, or hold intorcourso with tlio Squire himself ; but then no such thing was ever dreamer of. To show ordinary civility nnd kindness towards tho unfor tunate son of tho evil-looking old man could bo nothing but what was right and good. And, if tho Hares invited him to their house, surely sho might meet him there without a qualm. Thus she argued with herself, always avoiding tho real point at issue, which was not the friendship towards Bruco Barring ton, but her concealment of it from her aunt. Sho sheltered herself behind Miss Prissy's wishes ; but sho might havo known in her heart that such an excuse as that would not hold water. SI10 knew however what she wanted to do, and fortune had so far favoured hor that sho had only to let herself drift along with the tide, without troubling herself whither it was loading her. Thoy were due at A larch Meads that very afternoon. A young horso that Bruco was training for a hunter was to be brought for her to inspect. So far as sho had heard of the animal only from Algar, who was enthusiastic about it. Sho hud now got to the point of wishing to see it for herself, and, although it had not been definitely stated, she believed that Bruco would be present, ns it was scarcely likely that Algar would care for tho responsi bility of showing off so valuable on animal himself. Miss Priscilla was ns keenly in tho matter us Lenoro horsolf. Although sho had never beon a horsewoman, she had been used to horses — was fond indeed of nil animals. She would bo certain to identify herself with Lenoro in all her equestrian triumphs ; and Lenoro had ridden almost from infancy, and knew perfectly well tlint there wns hardly any thing equine that she could not ride, and that hor seat upon and management of every horse sho b»>l "- mounted liadj won ror ner a em tain reputation ' in her set which had never been disputed or rivalled. Tlio girl was not exactly vain — sho had ncccpted admiration nnd nil acknowledgements of her cxcellcnco too much us a mutter of course; but she looked forward with a ccrtnin satisfaction to the trial of her powers with some of the fiery young horses of which she had heard, and it did not dotraet from her anticipa tion to know that in all probability Bruce Barrington would bo witness of somo of he triumphs. They renehed March Meads just as tho shadows were beginning to lengthen, und were conducted to tho lime-tree, where tea was already awaiting them. A quick- glance round showed Lenoro that neither Algar nor Bruco was present ; but sho asked 110 questions, and presently Erica camo running up, crying excitedly nnd rapturously — ' Hero tiioy come ! They arc bringing tho horso across the fields. Ho is such a beauty ! May we all como and look at liiin ? Are you going to rido him yourself, Lenore 1 ' Not to-day. I haven't my habit with mo. Besides, I only want to havo a look at him first, to seo if I think I10 will suit me. Is your brother leading him or riding him ?' ' It is Mr. Bruco who has him. Ho is loading huu. Ho has 110 saddle on, and his eont shines liko satin. Oh, do come and look nt him.' Tea-cups were put down and chairs pushed aside, ns all the young folk moved in a body towards the paddock. ' We will have fresh tea afterwards, whuii Algar aiul AFi\ .Bruce can join us/ said Kowen.'i ; and they hastened down to tho rails of tlio paddock, towards which tho horso was being led. Ho was a beautiful niiimal— n dark bay, with a closo glossy coat that shone in tlio sunlight. His head was smnll, tho cars being delicately pointed, whilst tho wide forehead and soft shy eyes betokened an nffcetionnto disposition. His legs wcro exquisitely lino und perfectly black, nnd he hud not a wliito linir anywhere. Tho wido chest and deep shoulder showed breeding and stamina alike, nnd were qnickly noted by Lenore, whilst tho strong llinrl.nnni'frttso rrnvn nvnreScn nf atai.L... power ; anil, even in walking, tlio action was so clean nnd true that it was a pleas- sure to watch him move. Ao was just sixteen hands, and, if sound, could not be deemed other than a perfect animal. 'Lenore pattered tho archod neck, and gavo tho creature sugar from hor open palm. Ho caressed hor with his volvety nose, and let tho whole party stroke him. Although a littlo nervous at tho sight of so many strangers, ho was perfectly docile and gentle so long as Bruco remained beside him. Plainly ho had been used to kindness and gentlo treatment. How old is ho I' askod Lcnore. ' Five off,' answored Bruce, opening the creature's "mouth. 'I think it is a mistake to hunt a horso younger. They havo not tho stamina for it. Under that ago they nover last so long. Ho was broken at thrco to tho halter and bridlo ; and last year I rode him gently in tho fields and taught him a few things in tho way of jumping. Ho comes of a raco of hunters, and takes to his work as a duck to water. Latterly I10 has beon trained more regularly. AVould you liko to seo 'him move.' ' Please,' answered Lcnore, who was alrendy in love with the beautiful animal, and was quito resolved to inako him hor own, price being no object. Bruco vaulted upon tho homo's back nnd put him into n gentle canter. It did not need the eye of n connoisseur to dis cover that the action wns almost porfcct, so smooth und truo and rapid was it. Lonoro had never seen Bruco on horse back before, and hardly knew now which to admire most, the man or tho horse. Indeed they seemed liko ono ns they careered around tlio enclosure, sometimes at a trot, somotiin'es at a gallop, tho rapidity of which could bo gauged only as tho pair swept by, for it looked so easy and smooth that it was hard to iiiingino it to be moro than a gentle cantor till tlioy flashed past tho onlookers. Tlio finnlo wns reached by Bruco's sotting the creature straight at the fence, which lie cleared liko a bird, tho young man sitting tho baro-bneked horse liko a veritable Centaur, with nothing in his- hand save tho reins, guiding and controlling him inoro by voice ami knee- pressure than by any other means, nnd displaying that gift of rare and perfect horsemanship of which Lcnore had heard before, but which she Imd never seen till now. AVIicn ho had thrown himself off as easily as he had mounted, sho approached eagerly, nnd said, with glowing eyos — ' Ho is a beauty, lie is exactly what I want. I must liavo him. AVill you let 1110 try him myself one of theso days. And what is his name.' ' I have called him Rainbow, nfter a horso I read of in somo Australian story — a bushranger's horse, I think, but a fino animal, nevertheless. Of courso you shall try him whenever you wish to do so ; nnd you should liavo a veterinary examination also. I believe him ; to bo perfectly sound ; but it would bo better to obtain the best opinion to bo hnd upon the point. I feet suro Miss Goldhawk employs a good man in her stables. Ho will give you his views upon the matter. 1 Oil, I nm sure ho is sound ! cried Lenore, raising ono of the small wcll- turiicd feet, nnd feeling rather critically ilown the hocks anil pasterns. 'A creature like thnt nt that ago must lie sound.' And then she paused and laughed, for Bruco was smiling. 'I urn afraid thnt is not nlways so. AVo have a beautiful brother to this one, just one year older, in tho stables at home. I ride hint myself ; but I would not sell him. lie is not what I call thoroughly sound, mid ho will not last. But- I think Rainbow will pass nny examination.' ' Ho is lovely — ho is perfect 1' cried Lenore, who was not without cxpcrienco of horses, nnd had already shown somo nico discrimination in her remarks and questions. ' I long to try his paces. AVhen may I do so.' ' AVhencver you wish. I have tried him with n cloth, nnd ho docs not appear torexentit. .Shall I show you. Givo 1110 that rug, Algar.' As he spoke he sprang sideways upon the horse, took tho rug and tucked it around him, nnd then trotted tho creature up nnd down beside tho paddock- fence, finally backing him and making him tako tho loan to and fro. kenning bis pi-pc<u-ious seat as easily as ho imd dono whon no tride the horse, and filling Lenoro with admiration und wonder. ' You seo ho does not appear to resent it,' ho said. ' I think I10 has a very equable temper, though plenty of spirit. hhnll I send I11111 up to Goldhawk. Or where would you like to try hiin.' | Here, if I might,' answered Lenoro quickly. ' Will you bring liirn here to morrow nt this time, and I will bo ready. I dare sny a side-saddle can bo procured from somewhere. I could bring 0110 from Goldhawk for that matter, but they ure rather antiquated affairs they havo there.' ' I will borrow 0110 from Miss Quiltcr,' said Bruce. ' Sho has a very good one. You are sure you would not prefer him to bo sent to Goldhawk.' 'Quite sure,' answered Lenore, with slightly heightened colour. 'That is if you not mind havingjyour puddock turned into nn exercising ground, Mr. Hare.' ' Not tho least in tho world. I taken great interest in tho matter, and am a strong admirer of Rainbow. If T were n millionnairc, I should try to outbid you, Miss Lcnore. Now, Bruce, will you take off tho bridle, and let Rainbow craze here for u bit whilst wo liivvc souio tsu. I know ho will como to you liko a do-' when you call, so that there is nothiii" to tear. Tho next day at tlio samo hour Lenoro stood on tho other sido of the paddock- fence, her eyes sparkling with anticipa tion, a bright colour in her checks, her tall graceful figure clad in a closo-fittin" lmbit which exhibited it to the greatest advantage. Bruce Barrington was there nlso, holding Rainbow, who now enrricd a lady's saddlo ami fidgeted a little, as if conscious of somo excitement to come. Algar was holding another fine horso who was very like Bninbow, but who had not quite tlio same gentleness of disposi tion, to judgo by appearances, for lie snorted and throw up his bond and seemed u littlo rebellious, so that Almir had to hold him rather hard, nnd speak to him reassuringly from timo to time. Bowena and Freda stood besido Rain bow, caressing him, ready to hold his head, while Bruco put Lenoro up. j. nnvo mounted linn myself in all kinds of ways,' suid Bruco; 'but ho knows me so well that ho will Int. m„ini,„ liberties. Don't bo surprised nt a plungo when ho feels a strango rider upon his buck I will not let hiiu brcuk awuy bo» fore you are well seated.' Lenoro gavo n light laugh, placed ,er foot in Bruce's hand, nnd tho next moment was in tho saddle. Rainbow only started nnd snorted a littlo, and tho next instant Lenoro was ready. 'May I rido by your sido till wo seo now ho behaves?' nsked Bruce 'I brought my horso for that purpose.' And tho girl assented witli nlncrity, not from nny sense of fear, but bccnuso sho desired nothing better than tho companionship of Bruco Barrington upon hor first trial. Ho wns ill tlio saddlo instantly, tho horso rearing in a rather dangerous mnnner ns he felt Bruce's weight upon his back. But Rainbow was used to tho vagaries of his half-brother, and was not upset by then. Also ho had confidence porhnps 111 tlio way Lenoro handled him ; nnd tlio riders were quickly trotting sido by . side round nnd round tlio enclosure, tho girl intent upon tho uction nnd paces of her horse, her companion watching her and her steed with keenly- observant oyos, ready in a moment to give assistance if it should bo wanted, but seeing more and nnd more clearly ovory minuto how littlo this was probable. ' You can rido him, I see, Miss Lonoro. He owns your mastership nt onco. That is very plain, on I10 would not bo so quiet under you. Ono of tho stable-boys got on him tho other day, thinking him gentlo nnd peaccablo ; but I10 did not stay on long. Rainbow felt tho inoxpcrienced hand instantly nnd. made short work of his rider. But there iB no fear of thnt in your case.' ' Can wo go somewhere where wo can gallop, nnd try a jump or two ?' asked the girl eagerly. And Algar, who heard tho question, replied — ' Yes ; come this way — over that bit of low fencing, and down to tho water- meadows. There is a capital Btretch there, with ns many water-jumps as you liko to take. And the grouud is not boggy nnd treacherous ns it is in winter — only pleasantly soft.' Lonoro enjoyed tho next half-hour of her life with a fulness of oxulation which did not pass from her for long. She had known many a day'u excellent hunting, which had left 110 such impression liehind ns did this hulf-hour's gallop in tho low. lying meadows with Bruco Barrington, the . long levol shafts of sunlight lying 'golden upon tho grass, dazzling thoir eyes sometimes, or legthening nut the riders' shadows to infinite proportions. Some times Rainbow felt the touch of Bruco's hand, if there were anything in his oxcited movomonts to awaken a momen tary nnxicty as to Lenoro's safety ; for tho hurso was full of excitement, and sometimes gave the girl enough to do to curb and control him. Tho young man's voice came to her cars sometimes in praise, sometimes in a mere friendly remark or observation ; but sho kHOw that, for tho moment, she was the object of keen solicitude and interest, and that her safety was of paramount importance to mm. innc consciouness was strangely and intoxicntingly sweet of hor. It was all so wonderful und delightful that she would fain havo prolonged tho rido for over. She was turning over in hor mind how it could bo repeated ; and while she did so her heart gave a littlo throb, on hear ing Bruce say — ' I think that will do for to-day, Miss Lenoro. I can see whore Rainbow wants a little moro training. I have nlways taught my horses to answer ohiefly to knee-pressure, having gonernlly sold them to men. Something rather different is needed, I pcrcoive, bofore Rainbow will be what I call porfcctly trained for a lady. I supposo you aro not iu a great hurry for liiin. Of course there will be no hunting for a good while yet. For your use I should like to train him differently. I recognise his defects, if you do nut. I should not liko you to have him as he is.' ' He is the most perfect creature I have evor ridden,' answered Lenoro enthusiasti cally ; ' but of course, if you can improve him, and do not mind the trouble, I shall bo only too delighted. And may I try him like this from timo to time during tho process. Now that I have ridden him once, I shall want- to J© L again. . 1 t lif < tho veiy perfection of pleasure.' ' As often as you wish,' replied Bruce courteously ; and their was something in his smilo which made her heart leap, for sho noticed that I10 did not now add that phrase about Miss Goldhawk's approval, ana thnt there was less of sadness in his oyos than there had been whon sho first met him. ' Something is doing him good, and making him happier,' said Lonoro to her self ; and, at tho thought, a groat gladness seemed to come into her own heart. CHAPTER X. 1 declare if there isn't a fire 1 ' cried Lonore. She had gone up rather lato to bed, and kept her maid only to brush out hor hair and twist it out for tho night. Sho was in the mood when sho likod to ho alone, to sit at hor window and watch the moon light, and think ovor the ovents of tho past day. That day had beon rather a specially bright ono for Lenoro. She hnd spent most of it at March Mends with lier friends there. Sho had 'given tho girls tlio bicycles previously ordered for them, and had been made very happy by their astonislimontand gratitudoand unaffoctcd pleasure. Lenore wns disposed at times to bo recklessly generous, porhnps becauso sho know ulinost nothing of tho value of monoy, and hnd moro than sho knew what to do with. But sho was quito capable of denying herself to do a kindness to others if occasion arose, and there wns so much frank enjoyment on hor side in tho presentation of her gifts that tho girls had received them delightedly — with tho parents' consent— and tho threo had had a pleasant run thnt afternoon together, returning full of zeRt nnd animation to ten beneath tho lime-treo. Afterwards Rainbow hnd been brought round for another trial ; and Lenore hail ridden sovoral miles across country with Bruco and Algar, to try tho mettlo of tho nniinal. She had beon dolightcd with lum, and with her escort. Tho two young 111011 had chatted together, and to a great extent Bruce hnd thrown off his niantlo of reserve. She found him very entertaining, and sho began to fancy that lie took a nldlUlim in linn nnn.'At.. TI! » — iii yoico scon ea to bo rather softer whon he addressed her, and she could not but notice that when ever sho attempted some feat of horseman ship ho watched her with a breathless interest which she thought was not lorhaps all duo to his anxiety that Rain bow should acquit himself woll. blio had confided to liiin that day her intention to got an oxtro horso for tho Hare girls to rido, and had askod him whether ho could find hor such a thing as a good steady hack, as well as a second horso, who could bo used for hunting if wanted. Sko had told him before that she desired a second ono for horsolf, and ,i 1 iPr,"\Sd to over what ho do for hor. Most of tho Barring ton colts were bespoken early, having Brero!1 I1""".? tho neighbourhood! Wlbn l? r?ll?.bc0" keeping Rainbow with a viow to his own riding, but had r-t to part with him to Lenore. Ho could not be certain if thoro wcro 0J?Ji ,as yot ""bespoken which ho could safely rocommaiid to a lady ; but ho would look into tho matter. (TO Bp COSIISpED.) 