I THE TESTIMONY OF ! ESTHER SANDYS. BY EOMA WHITE. CHAPTER X. The landlady came hurrying from the kit chen, and her huBbanu had to tell her that the fishermen had gone out even before he repeated Humphrey's orders. She lifted her hands, at the news, with a gesture of des pair. ' Poor souls— poor souls! They'll n«ver lire in yon sea.' '?They are tine men,' said Hamphrey. r'' 'Aye, Hue indeed !' echoed the landlady Kg\ She took Humphrey and Esther to a clean RK'- but somewhat dreary parlour upstairs, -with iSsV; a bedroom adjoining it. There she lit two pip caudles, which guttered dismally in the BPJ draught; und then engaged in an explosive JSjJv encounter with a spluttering tire. The wind »i drove the smoke in frequent spouts down the jfjK chimney, whence it oozed slowly, a blue '§§£-?- ghost-like presence, into the room. Esther, |Ri however, cat down beside the hearth, and gS-- flung her wraps on the table. She had an ap ipc prehensive shuddering feeling, as'if some fcS* great dinaster were about to overwhelm the m^ world. |,-' The landlady went downstairs again, and f'i . Humphrey looked discontentedly about the ? 1 i room. It was bare and comfortless, with i ^ faded curtains and white-washed walls. The fi smoky fire made bis eyes smart, and yielded t a melancholy pale Bicker to the hearth. The I' open bedroom door increased the universal iW; draughtiness, and he shut and bolted it be I;1 fore joining Esther by the dismal Krc. Both ?i : ..'- doors, however, still shook and clanked R . against their framework, and the wide chiui K ney appeared to have ant up in its depths a tvV, private and particular little whirlwind of its '£?'- own. fi _ *? It's a dreaiy place, Esther,' he said. i, ' I don't mind.' she aDewered languidly, | ' we are further from the sea.' f 'I wonder how those brave fellows a-e f' ' setting on,'he resumed, with an invol»»-ary K1 81 ' Aye sir, you «-«* t™** »g't.' broke in &* tli« voice 't *'b J»'-'a-|J-. «' slle reappeared K- witJi aD-»Pronfu'of drier chips, 'those biave lfe}_' ._„ laos 'are out an' away on th' horse-bank. §85*''' There's two o' th* wives i' th1 kitchen now pj cryin' as if their hearts were like to break. 1 An' others on 'em are watchin' th' sea on I th' front, i' teeth o' th' wind.' |- ' Arc m:iny people out there now ? It was I quite deserted as we - anie along. ' %:: ' Aye, there'll be a crowd by now, I I?. reckon. Th' uews that th' men ha' gone out Sir *11 travel fast.'' fc 'Will they save them ?' asked Esther |' tremulously. ' The landlady turned to look with a touch ? af compassion at the young wife's pale face. is*; 'I sanna say, my little leddy,' she au jly.^ severed sadly, as she went away. :. ? Nobody at the inn seemed to think of going ???. to bed on that awful niglit. Footsteps passed „ to and fro continually, and the kindly land fill lady made periodical visits to her guests, to ( tell them the news. Humphrey had draws l . back their curtain, and went now and then .' to the window to look out. His instincts : would have led him to the bench, but he knew !' his presence was comforting, and almost in t dispensable, to Esther. v For an hour or two there came no tidings '' - from the front. The landlady wiped the fr: tears from her eyes now, asBhe paseed up . and down. Her husband had gone out Lo '' join the crowd of agonised watchers, and she L reared, from his long absence, that the pour -? little boatload of noble men had been relent ;L lesBly swamped by that roaring wind-lashed S uea. 't_- It must have been nearly twelve o'clock ?' when a sound of footsteps, so numerous and : clattering that they echoed above the oceu :'?; ,.'. sional lulls in the wind, came hurrying down ? the street. A noise of shouting accompanied £, , the tramplings, and an immediate hubbub % was audible downBtairs. Humphrey hurried ? to the window to look out, and, as he did so, ' the front door below was opened, admitting ' so strong a draught, that their own door ? shiveiedaud strained redoubly in its recess. * The tramplings and the voices entered the ' _, house, the outer door was banged to again, . and a sound of eager talking, of hysterical , crying came up to the little parlour. I, Humphrey opened their own door, and ; ; went quickly to the head of the stairs. His f wife followed him, and leant, shivering with b- excitement, against the banisters. She ' v could see down into the entrance, which still '' retained the sense of the admitted gust, in ». the bobbing of the lamp-flame, and the cold ' breath that seemed to hang over the stair ' ' case. The narrow hall below them was ful' %. of people; men-servantB and maid- servants, r who shook hands hysterically with two ~':: fishermen in their midst. A smell of wet salt :!- arose from the drenched garments of these J; men, and Esther saw their dripping backs St.-. aud glistening oil-skin caps as they were ' pressed and hurried into the warm kitchen. , Only three people then were left in the hall; ''- . _. - the landlord, a man who looked like a doctor, r.: and one of the older maids. l These three busied themselves silently . about a figure lying flat upon along ben:h. r Then the landlady hurried frojo the kitchen |- with a blanket, asking some eager questions R': which Esther did not catch. The house ' maid withdrew, and it appeared that the -' other three were about to remove from the pv proBtrate figure its drenched garments. For gg a few seconds Esther saw the motionless if form clearly; the still face.the throat thrown C' a little back, the dark clinging hair, and the f rivulets of water that dribbled and streamed ?.? from the clothing and made dark puddles : . ? and meandering trickles upon the ground, j p. She saw it clearly, aud made no attempt to -,.. ' move away from its presence. Slie bent hcr ? self over the railings instead, and stared at it || * dumbly. A strange horror grew in her eyes, '' and was stamped and petrified upon every U : line of lirr white young face. Her fingers V gripped the rail until the skin whitened and : the veins darkened with the pressure. She ;'-?? fancied that she had cried out, but, in \- reality, her stillness was so complete that fc Humphrey felt a sudden fear and turned to I':--;'. her. , 'Go back, Esther, ' he said immediately' .';'? ' you ought not to have come out.' S She lifted herself then, and looked at him, k- still with the dumb tenor in her gaze. He si: ' pulled her quickly, almost roughly, into their t.. ? - own room, and shut the door behini them. |p ' You shouldn't lopk at such things. Mi Esther,' he said, half-anxious, half-vexed, ip ' they unly make you ill. Sit down, and I K will fetch you some water.' B He went into the bedroom for the water, K and she Bat staring, Btill with that terrified iff look, into the lire. The lineaments of the B proBtrate figure were stamped into her vision ; H * tjhe saw them wherever she looked about the B little loom. Humphrey brought tier the K water, and she drank it mechanically. Then H at last she Bpoke to him. I B 'Humphrey,' she laid, ' go and «ee if he 1 is dead.' | K ' Of course be is not dead.' Humphrey B,' answerel immediately. ' He was cuming if* round quickly. But you should not have* |f\ looked, silly child.' ? '? ? ? 1 'Not dead, not dead?' eclwed Esther drearily. ' Esther, what » the matter ?' exclaimed her husband anxiously, putting his hand on her forehead. ' Why your skin is like fin. U's all been too much for you — and how you ore shiver ing.' ' Humphrey,' she said, with an effort, and a strained look about the muscles of her mouth, 'I want to tell you something. I want—' ' Whatever you want to tell me UlUBt wait for to-morrow, 'said Humphrey decidedly. ' I am going downstairs now to get you something. And then you go straight to bed.' He went out of the room again, and Esther sad huddled up, staring into the blaring logs The firelight sent fantastic versions of her figure dancing towards the candle-light; aud the' draught disturbed candle-light sent back its own rendering of her to the tire. The blue smoke still oozed down into the room ; the two doors still oreaked aud shivered upon their hinges. Downstairs the i only suivivor of the wreck began to recover under the careful treatment of the doctor . anil his helpers. And out on the sea-margin the waves still roared pitilessly upon the beach, and the tearing bipet tore their rear ing crests into driving mists of foum. CHAPTER XI. There were stiaugcrs — ' off- comers ' they call them in that part of the J world— at the Gale Farm. The m i inmates had bought Jerry's stuck, and had ! purchased other cows, which they drove, as EBther had bo often driven Daisy and Dolly, to and from the beck- field. On a oertain March afternoon the solemn troop of fawn, dun and red kine came up the lane, as usual, ' a carolled psalm behind them betraying the ' presence of the milk-maid who followed at their beelB, knitting as vigorously as she chanted in the warm evening. I A sturdy figure, with rod hair, and in a sea I manlike Buit of dusty rough serge, seemed to ' await the passing of the herd. He leant on | a };ate about a hundred yards from the farm, and JooLled, with glances of recognition, upon the cows. They passed soberly past him. and then the figure of the singing sir I came in view. She was dressed in the ordinary garb of a farm-girl, and hd broad red checks and coarse hair. The man who had bent over the gale eyed her with a mixture of relief, j -lisuDpoint,ment, and curiosity. Then he , opened the gate, took -a step or two into the ! road, and joined her. ' You are birlin' at t'Gate Farm, missis V' 1 he said enquiringly, after bidding her good day. . ] ' Aye,' she responded, glancing up at I him ami seeing an unknown countenance. j ' How long ast'o bin there 7' I 'What's yon to you?' asked the girl brusquely. j ?? It's a deal to me. I ha1 tramped all day across country to get here to-night, thinkin' ! that the folk 1 used to know war here still at t' Farm.' ! ' DoEto mean the Jupps 7' asked the girl, ' standing still in the road, and letting her kinc turn in at the gate of their own free ' will. 1 ' Aye. Wheer are they flitted to ?' j 'Owd Jerry's laid i' IV churchyard, Tim's away somewhere t' South, and th' gran lady, as was their cousin once upon a time, is i bidin' wi' her mesthsr, I reckon.' '? Th' gran' lady?' repeated the other ' slowly. | ' Aye, Mrs. Sandys, I think they ca'ed her.' I '1 ha' heard nought,' said the Btrangor, ' taking off his cap. and running his hand through his hair. ' Maybe you can tell me about it. for I feel fair muddled.' ' Then yo' mun come in t' shippen,' re joined the girl, ' for I mun be off after t' cows.' She hurried across the cobble-stones, and the other followed her slowly, glancing round at the familiar objects. The girl sat down to her milking and a man in a smock brought a stool, and went to the further end of the shippen. The milk frothed from the two pair of hands into the pails, and the sunlight screamed in at the open door. The blue coated stranger leant against the wall, and, to these accompaniments, heard the story of Esther, her grand kiu, and her marriage. ' Thank-ye, missis.' he said, when the girl had finished, ' thank-ye.' He made no other remark, though he breathed a little heavily, and asked for some milk. When he had drunk it he took up his stick and bundle, and moved to the doorway, looking back over his shoulder to ask a ques tion. ' le Mrs. Phizacklea alive, up at th' Croft 1'ann?' he demanded cursorily. ?' Aye,' said the girl, looking round the cow's tail nt him. ' An' Mrs. Shanklin, th' schoolmaster's wife?' ' Aye,' was again her rejoinder. ' Then ye aan tell any as cureB to know as Josiah Phizacklea is home again, an' 'as had adventures fit to make th' hair on th' stallies at Overstone ilrinkin '-fountain stand ob end.' And the stranger, aB he delivered this speech, shouldered his stink, with the bundle slung to the end of it, marched from the shippen across the yard, and set off in the direction of OverBtone. '?She war my wife,' he said to the hedges, as he tramped along. ' She war my wife, tight aud fast.' He chose first to go down into Overstone, ; partly because he had no affectisn for his aspiring heirs up at the Croft Farm, and | partly because he had a series of thrilling adventures to relate, which were to make him the hero of the hour. He desired an audience for his tale, and an audience, more over, as large as Overstone could yield. He reached the grey cold-looking town at about six o'clock, without meeting auy acquaint ance upon the road; aud turned into the I neareBt public-house, his shoes sounding heavily upon the flagged floor, as he closed the door, witli its tingling bell, behind him. The landlord name out. and merely per ceiving a burly figure in the passage, give his convential greeting, and opened the door that led into the room behiud the bar. Josiah moved forward, seeing three stout figures through the floating meshes of smoke. Their pipes wer' in their mouths, their brimming | mugs on the table beside them. Their feet scraped a little on the sanded floor as they turned slightly to the new-comer, who j advanced slowly into the stronger light, and then stood motionless. | ' Hey ?' he said, taking on' his cap, and revealing his features fully. ' Hey 7' ', His attitude, his tone, his glance as he bent a, little forward, were all so indicative ' of ' What do you think of this, eh ?' that the three occupants of the room turned more , completely towards him. One of them had known Josiah Phieacklea formerly. His eyes widened and his jaw fell as he looked at the man in the doorway; then he dropped ( his pipe upon the ground, where it broke ' with a little crash. I ' My God !' he eaid, below his breath. ' ' I thaught I'd gi'e you a bit o' a turn, Michael tohburner,' said Josiah with much satisfaction. ' 'Tiuu't often yo' ha' a ghost as flushed as I i' Oveistonc. I reckon yo' all thought 1 was drowndeu, now didn' yo' ?' 'Dead drowned,1' gasped the other.breath ing heavily, and appearing hull -dazed as he still looked upon this unforeseen resurrec tion. ' '?*- ' Aye, but I'm not bo easy to drown,' re joined Phizucklea, chuckling loudly, and drawing a chair to the table. The landlord had followed him into the room, and now stood with his hand upon the latch, gazing from one to the other. He was new to Over Btone, and at a loss to comprehend the sud; den excitement. ' Von man,' said Michael Aehburner, rising to his feet and pointing to Phizacklea with great Boleoiuity, ' yon man war drownded i' t' quicksands two year this coinin' month o' May.' The others put down their pipes at this remarkable statement, scratched their heads, and eyed Josiah phlegm jtically. He kept turning from one to the other, with satisfied importance. 'I doubt now,' he said delightedly, ' I doubt notv there arc stallies un' wins an' weepin' willows set up i' Uveretone Ohureh yurd, all on- account v' me 7 ' ' Thcer's a tombstone,' said Michael Ashburner, with profound gravity, ' theer's a tombstone, sure enow.' He still drew bis breath deeply, outraged into heavy amazement. Josiah accepted the tombstone as a fresh tribute to his newly gained honours. He turned to the landlord, anil ordered whisky all round. ' We'll make a bout of it,' l:e said, chuckling. ' 'Tisu't every day as Overstone ha' such a story to boast of. We'll make a bout o't.' The landlord brought the spirit with some haste, and at last Michael Asbburoer began to question thi» presence from the dead. Josiah settled himself in his chair, and lit his pipe before he would tell any portion of his story. He had perhaps never attainea so complete a fulfilment of his love of notor- 1 iet- as h« attained to-day. I ' Xuk' a good look at me, Michael Ash- j burner,' he said complacently. ' 'Tisn't so often you'll get a chance to peek at a mon as ha' bin through what I ha' bin through.' ' Asto bin through th' quicksands ?' j asked Michael, bluntly going straight to the immediate point of the matter. ' Not exactly, ' rejoined Josiah, ' but as near to't as anyone on this coast ha' bin.' ' Th' horse war drowned,' suggested Michael, as a stimulus to di-nCKing out the story, which Josiah treated as leisu;-«ly as a connoisseur treats old port. '?Aye, aye. Th' last 1 =e«d o' the old horse he war Tattlin' away wi' t' cart to t' cockic- ' beds, an' I ',vur lyin' llat on my back i' u' pool o' waiter.'' J ' Tumbled out ?' queried the landlord as interested as anyone. i ' That rar so. Vou see, it war my weddin-day, an' I had a sup or two u' whisky.' | ' Thy weddiii'-day ?' echoed Michael j Aslihurner. ' Aye, ayi1. But yon's another story. We'll come to 't by-and-by. VYheer was I ?' ' 1' t' pool u' wattcr,' suggested one of the listeners. All had suspended their smok ing, aud made an attentive audience. ' Well, I lay i' t' pool o' wattir, lookin' up at' f sky. I don't somehow call it all to mind as clear as I might. But I know I looked to one side, an' theer war f tide comin' in, appearin' rather unpleasant to a man i' my position. An' 1 looked to t'other side, an' theer war a sight o' folk comin' along. So I set to, an' hollered.' ' Aye V' chorused the eager audience ' aye?' ' They reskied me,' resumed Josiah solemnly. ' They reskied me, an' then they pressed me!' ' Pressed ye!' ' Aye, aye. They war t' press-gang, sure enow ! An, fro' that day to this, I ha' bin servin' His Majesty's Navy. Josiah's story became still more thrilling after this; and, for an hour, he kept his Us- i tencrs absorbed. Finally he related how he j hud been released, and had taken passage ' for Overstone on a coasting-brig. The storm had come on soon after the brig had I left the river, and the captain had turned ' her southward, intending to run her up the Loyne; but the wind had driven her past the mouth of the river, and she had finally been wrecked on the horse-bank opposite the little fisliiDg hamlet, of Chase Heyes. At this stage of his adventures the garrul ity uf the farmer soared into eloquence. He described the wind and the waves with in toxicated fervour. He drank to the memory of his brave rescuers with sobs and hiccoughs. He blessed them, he extolled them, he de clared them to be the finest crew of fisher men in all England. They hadpicked him up, clinging to a spar, when all those who had manned the brigand gone to the bottom. As Josiah grew tipsier he began to insist that they had put out to sea solely on his account; they were eight, ten, a dezen, twenty of them in a boat, all strainingat their oars to rescue one poor farmer floating on a spar in mid acean. He endeavoured to depict the ocean in his whisky-giaBS, and, but for the forcible interference of the landlord, would have re hearsed his own swim.ning exploits upon the wooden table. Michael Ashburner and his two companions had expanded, in the eyes of Phizacklea, into a large audience. This audience cheered and encouraged him when he paused in his pell-mell of words to distill maudlin tears into his pocket-handkerchief. Finally he rose unsteadily from the table, with a vague idea that he must visit his old friends and seek his wife. He shook hands with thirteen people, blessed them fervently and touchingly for their welcome of a poor wanderer, wiped his eyes again and again, and at last made an unsteady exit, tottering down the little passage, and stumbling out into the cool night. ?' Yon chap may ha bin near drowned, an' had a boatfu' o' men outarterhim,' said the landlord, surveying the other three figures, all of whom collapsed upon their chairs in the little parlour, ' but, to my thinkin', he's long-winded enow to set up a. storm for his sen in any part o' th' land and sea wheer he Jiappens to find hissed.' And he drew aside the short curtain to watch Josiah's figure ziE-z&gging; away in the night. 'I've — been — in — »— storin— wheer 111' waves — like — mountains! I've been— pitched — out o' a brig-an-ha' swum milesan miles in-a-sea!' I'vcbecn— rcskied-by-a- crew-o' twenty in — a boat !' chanted JoHiah tipsily and drowsily to himself, as he trig gered on, marking long pauses in bin leeila tivc when ho occasionally stood still for a moment, swaying to and fro. ' I've-jrot-a-wife-as thinks ? she-is-a- gran' — lady, ' he went on presently, running his words one into the other, and steadying himself against a. post that he might finish hiB sentence undistracted by the ellort to maintain his balance. An lie leant up to the post he surveyed the twinkling lamps of Overstone with benevolence, surmising that they were stars. Then he sang a few more bais of his soliloquy; nodded confidentially to a crescent moon above him ; and meandered deviously on. A little glimmering zig-zag of water wan dered presently across his path. Badley Beck was. just here, barely more than a shallow trickle. Lower down it was joined by the Upper Beck, and frothed out into a brown creaming stream. Josiah placed one foot upon the lirst of tile stcpping-Htoncs, and broke lustily into his chant anew. ' I've — beeu-in-a- sea-as roarcd-thirtecn-to th' dozen! l've-ban-wushcd-through mighty waves- atnp-o'-a-broken spar ! I've been reBkied-by-a — ' The song broke off in a fall and a splosh, for the horo of the wreck had toppled over , into the brook. He lay on his back among the weeds and cresses, and smiled pleasantly at the sky. Six inches of water rippled and gurgled musically about his prostrate form : by-and-bya tho wet permeated his clothing, but he found it, on the whole, refreshing and agreeable to his heated skin. His head sank a little deeper in the mod, and the water be i:an to dribble into his eurs. He lifted up his voice, aud resumed his recitative. ' I've been Vvreckedon bank-o' sand i' th' midst o' a-roaring tempest. I've beenres kied-by-a-b-oat an'-a-crew-o'-nobleinun 1 I've been — ' .i--7*--*_' ? .-.- The rest was choked, for his head had sunk a little lower into these calm moon reHccting bIuiIIowb; aud about an inch of muddy water began to flow over his mouth. His forehead was barely damp with the ripples; his burly chest bulged above tho sur face of tlm brook. One hand splashed about a little, signifying perhaps thut at last he tried to rise. Whether that were indeed bo nobody could over tell; only by-and-bye the restless hand was still. A heron flew down the stream, and took up its station on one leg bnsidehim; and nothing but the musi cal bubbling of the water, and the occasional twitter of a bird disturbed the stillness of the I night. ! He was found in the early morning by some labourers on their way to work. His ) head had sunk a little, lower, then, among , the glimmering green tresses of the water weeds. When they lifted him, and laid him carefully on the bank, he hud been duail for nearly twelve hours. (To be continued.) 