Alone. Alone, upon the seashore I stand 'neath southern skies ; And stretching far before me, Tbe broad'ning ocean lies. The sunset, richly glowing, Has set the west alight, To deepest glory growing, Ere day is merged in night. Tbe sea's deep voice is calling Across the distant wave, And rising and now falling, Seems endlessly to rave. The sunset soon has faded, Night wraps the earth in gloom, The restless voice of ocean, Sounds like a note of doom. A mist uprises slowly In wreathing coils of white. And slowly does the ocean Now fade away from sight. But though the gloom around me Hid earth and sea and sky, I hear the tone most dreary, That endless sob and sigh. Oh ! throbbing heart of ocean. Why can'st thou never rest! Is it remorse unceasing, Torments thy heaving breast ? And must thou ever, ever, Roll ceaselessly along, And peace and silence never Bring end to thy sad song! Thou could'st not rest, O ocean, Whilst buried deep below. Lie all thy countless secrets. Of sorrow, guilt and woe. And like the ghost appearing, Of all the wrongs thou didst, Must seem the mist uprearing Its white form in thy midst. The fierce wind when it rages In loud and savage blast, Must seem some cruel demon Mocking thy guilty past. Till to a frenzy maddened, In loud tumultuous roar. Thou com'st, with wild waves dashing In breakers on the shore. The night has deepened round me, The waters surge and roll, Their endless, restless motion Pervades my inmost soul. And in the awful darkness A spell seems round me cast, And looms a form beside me, The spirit of the past. That mocks in loud derision, At all the hopes once reared, Before the world's ambition And avarice ensnared. Before the blast of passion Had seared the breath of love, Ere sun had rudely shaken Our faith in God above. Alone upon the seashore I stand, 'neath southern skies. And wildly and despairing My soul in anguish cries. Oh ! why must hopes once cherished Depart with growing years ? Oh ! why must eyes once smiling Be dimmed with mist of tears? Oh ! why are leaves of summer Swept by the winter blast ? Oh ! why does love once burning To coldness turn at last. The night has deepened round me, Tbe restless waters roll; Despair and utter darkness Have settled on my soul. A.F.B., Bundanoon 