IB ;REBEL& .... . BY M. M»DGNNELIi BOBKIN (tUTHOR OP 'ASTOiLEN LIFE.' ETC, ETG) GHAPTEB Vin.— (Continued). I Pamela threw one quick, curious glance at I the comely, smiling face.' Only one was I jieeded; love's eyes are keen to pierce through I jji disguises. With a little cry of joy she |ffent impetuously, baby and all, into the I open arms of her young husband. So they I rested for a moment in each other's arms, si-. I delight. Presently they found themselves I seated side by side on the velvet couch, with I bands clasped tight, while lips and eyes over I flowed with a quick stream of question and I reply- broken by intervals of passionate [caressing. The baby in its mother's lap Lrovred delightedly, while the boy clung, half -frightened, to her skirts, and gazed in open-eyed surprise at his father's strange Uttire. At last Pamela's glance lighted by chance on Counsellor Magan. who stood retiringly in the furthermost corner of the room, his eyes oast down, and his hat clasped awk wardly between his hands. She turned with a startled, questioning look to her nusband. 'A dear old friend of mine, Pamela; a tried and trusted friend.'? In a few whispered words he told her how nobly the Counsellor bad come to his rescue, passing lightly over tlie danger that threatened him, yet not so lightly but Pamela's quick love divined it, and the flush of joy in her soft cheeks faded into dead white as she listened. i 'Magan,' Lord Edward called out hearti ly, 'my wife wants to thank you herself for ter husband, and my babies for their fath er.' Sue welcomed the abashed Counsellor with | smiling lips and eyes. Then, in her quick, I impulsive way, she caught his hand in both of ners and kissed it. 'It is with all my heart I thank you, our terr dear friend,' she cried in pretty foreign tones. 'Pray the good God to well reward you as you deserve. Baby must thank you too.' She held out the small bundle of ring. lets and ribbons till the little rosebud lips touched the withered cheek. 'Kiss him, my sweetest angel; kiss the good man that saved papa.' The baby dived down with chubby fingers 1st the emerald pin that shone, a sparrk of green, in 'the good man's' starched cravat, and crowed and kicked one worsted boot oft its dimpled foot in the exuberance of its joy I Then the boy came up, more shyly, with j something of fear in his big eyes, and put his little hand timidly in the Counsellor's wrinkled hand, and lisped out the words of thanks after his mother. 'Honest Tom Magan' seemed quite over came by their gratitude. He moistened his dry lips twice with his tongue before he could speak a word in reply. 'I have only done my duty, my lady,' he muttered at last; 'I want no thanks for that.' ' 'You have given me my husband's life, sir.' she said, with sweet wifely dignity that well became her. 'For that I will pray foi you night and morning while I live, and I will teach my children, his children, to bless your name.' 'Honest Tom' (his composure now quite come back to him) bowed a formal acknow ledgment, with no more, apparent emotion than a figure of wood. A second half -hour went by as swiftly as the first, till Lord Edward, with a sudden tightening of the lips, as one nerving himself against a painful wrench, rose to go. 'Oh, Edward, not so soon! I have scarcely Bpoken to you, scarcely seen you yet.' 'The time has gone quickly, my darling) but I have been a full hour here, and hours ,are precious with me now, for there is much to be done.' .„.„„....,- ? , 'But when you are near to me with oui I good friend'— she smiled sweetly on Magan -'you will see me some time for a little mi nute—is it not so?' 'I hope so; I hope so; if it is possible, Pam, be sure I wilL Now, indeed, I must be gone.' He caught up his children one after the other in his arms and kissed them. His wife was last. They clung together as though they could never part. But he gently drew Mmself from her close embrace, unclasping tie small hands tenderly. Before he had gone three paces towards the door, she caught him by the arm, laugh fag through her tears. 'Oh, Edward!' she cried, 'behold it has disarranged itself altogther. All the world will mock themslvQs of it; see!' She drew him into a little boudoir, formed m a deep alcove, and shut with a braided silt curtain from the drawing-room, where j a hu^e Venetian mirror covered one side of the wall from floor to ceiling. Opposite this Ebe planted .him. standing close beside, point. | m& vith a mocking finger at his bedraggled I Spire in the mirror. The dress was crum I m and crushed quite flat on ' his broad [ chest, and the plaid kerchief on his head was tasted all awry. jnth a few deft womanly touches she set «1 right again. Then, rising on tip-toe, she nssed him on the lips, while their reflections fflssed too, like ghosts, in the mocking mir ror- She looked long and earnestly into the ware brown eyes of her young husband, that met her own so lovingly that the very look | *as a caress— the last caress of their young Then in a passion of tears, she threw her self on the couch, and Lord Edward, fearing I lor his manhood, turned from her without a tford or look, and went slowly and sadly across the great room and down the broad [Sfers-the grim figure of Magan following I dose like the shadow of death. On their way back to Moore's, the plan of -™ Edward's flitting was arranged. That is the door of my garden, my lord,' said Magan, as they passed a worm-eaten floor in a narrow laneway. 'I will leave it open this evening, and you can slip through Pthe dusk, and so come to. the back of the nouse, where I will be in 'waiting. Come alone— it will divert suspicion.' 'I fear I cannot do that They never let ?|e stir abroad without a bodysruarxL' Lord Edward answered, smiling, 'though this [precaution is not in the least needed.' 'They are quite right, quite right,' Magan I joined quickly, though there was a note of disappointment in his voice. 'They cannot | oe too careful. ' Here is the turn. .You see, ?ny lord, you can come from Moore's either °y Watling-street or by Dirty-lane. Which «'ay will you take? Dirty-lane seems to me toe safest.' 'I will keep my choice for evening,' Lord fcaward replied, 'and choose whichever ap tesrs least frequented at the time.'- Again Magan murmured his approval &1 'K caution. i At Moore's door they parted. Magan had rnr&ent; business to attend to, and Lord Ed I Sard's time was very precious. Good-bye, old friend,' he said, standing -within the door, 'and once more thanks for ™ir great service. I trust this good deed P™1 be remembered to you when the history °t our troublous time comes to be written.*' ?But Magan, clasping the hand of his friend, Jnodestly put from him all thanks for what ne had done. So they parted. At the corner of the street «agan hailed a jingle, and drove straight to ™p house of his good friend, Francis Hig &ns;, in Harcourt-street ^itni° an hour later Higgins was closeted Il'° his good friend,, IJnclerrSecretary Cooke, mthe Castle, and tie.^p^wiag;|^rswaa.bn' ts way by urgent messenRerUo Major! &rr;: t*-rd Edward will be this evening in Wat I 'ng-street. Place a watch in Watling Tstreet, two houses tip from tfsher*S Island;' another towards Queen's Briage;. a third in Island-strejet,' at the rear of the stables near Watling- street, and which leads up to 'Thom as-street and Dirty-lane. At one of these places Lord Edward will be found, and will have one or two with him. They may be armed. Send to Swan and Atkinson as soon : as you can.' t CHAPTER IX.— HUNTED. The friends who strive to save him. The traitors -who betray, Now be their names remembered Unto the latest day. With curses for the traitors Who dug for him a grave, And honor for the faithful friends Who risked their Uves to save. It was about eight o'clock on a beautiful May evening, when the red sun was turning the broad stream of the Liffey to gold, when the huge apprentice, Gallagher, with a tobac co-pipe between his teeth, came out of Moore's front door, and strolled slowly down Thomas-street. He paused for a moment in indolent indecision before he took the turn that led through Watling-street to Usher's ; Island. * j The big man lounged along, the very pic-1 ture of listless indolence. None could have guessed that he carried a naked sword under his coat, with the hilt ready to his strong right hand. In slouching walk and stolid face there was no hint of the vigilance that lurked in those sleepy eyes; the fierce excite ment with which that brave heart throbbed. But the naked sword he carried under his cloak, the hilt ready to his strong right hand, was not keener or more dangerous. * A little behind Gallagher there followed at the same easy pace a group of three, two women and a man, staid and middle-aged. They walked all three together, the elder of the two women leaning on the man. Slowly the dusk of the evening was deepening into darkness. The streets were silent and deserted, for these were times when it was not safe to be late abroad. '? They had got halfway down the street, when Gallagher's watchful glance detected vague outlines stirring in the darker gloom cast by the angle of a house that projected beyond its fellows. | He crossed carelessly, and went by within a hand's breadth of four skulking shadows that crouched closer to the wall to let him pass. Yet not so close but the burly figure of Sirr.was distinguishable in the group. j Heedless of his own safety, Gallagher sprang at once into the middle of the street, where the light was clearest, and raised a warning hand and cry to those that followed. The cry was answered by a point-blank pistol shot from Sirr, fired so close that Gal- i lagher could feel the warm puff of the ex- i ploding powder on his cheek and the bullet stinging his ear-tip. Then the four men rushed on him together; his short sword leaped out from its hiding-place, and the point, driven with the- full force of that strong right arm, took Major Sirr full in the chest. The blade struck and bent and snapped against the close chain mail the Major wore; yet so fierce was the impetus of the stroke that Sirr went headlong backwards into the kennel. Before Gallagher could .recover himself, a pistol was at his body, pointed straight be tween the broad shoulders, the muzzle not six inches off. But the trigger was never pressed. Agile as a wild cat, Lord Edward leaped to the res cue. His dagger rose, and fell, and the man went down under the blow and lay motion less. Gallagher turned and gripped the third man of the party round the -waist, pin* ning his sword arm to his side. With a swing of his huge shoulders the giant lifted and flung his captive across the street, and the sword, flying from his grasp, went with a crash through a window close at hand. The man himself staggered six good paces back, till his feet struck the kerbstone, and he too fell in a crumpled heap. At that moment Major Sirr, staggering out of the kennel, found his feet ami voice, and ran and shouted. Impetuous Lord Edward would have start ed in pursuit, but Gallagher's strong hand restrained him. . 'Back, my lord, back, for heaven's sake!' he whispered earnestly. 'The devils are out in force to- night Listen!' The clatter of Sirr's hurrying feet on the pavement ceased, and at once the shouts and curses were heard of a large party close at hand. . Mrs. Moore was trembling violently, anil could scarcely stand; but her daughter kept her courage. 'Let us return, my lord,' she cried. 'No, no,' answered Lord Edward, to whom indeed danger was a stimulant and a steadier. 'We must separate at once. Gal lagher,' he said, 'you get the ladies home. I am the quarry those dogs hunt. I'll draw off the pursuit. Quick! quick! man' — seeing the giant hesitate. 'I'm in no danger, I tell you. Murphy's, house is close at hand; they know my knock. I will be safe with him.' 'He's right,' Gallagher whispered to the resolute girl, for Mrs. Moore was distraught with terror. 'We must separate.' Even as he spoke the pursuing party show ed dimly in a double line at the corner of the street. Gallagher, facing round, ran to wards them swiftly, silently, keeping well within the shadow of the houses as he ran. He was almost abreast with the party, when he turned sharp into the centre of the street and went crash through their line. Before a weapon could be used he was safe throngh and racing like a deer, down Thomas-street. With an aimless and harmless spluttering of pistol shots the party turned and scampered after him in hot pursuit, leaving Watling street deserted. 'He is lost!' Lord Edward cried. 'He has thrown his life away!' But Miss Moore answered with a smile, 'You do not know the man, my lord. He is the fleetest runner in all Dublin. They might as well hope to catch a hare in the open as catch Jack Gallagher.' So it proved. When the two women got back to their home, having left Lord Edward in safe shelter at Murphy's house close at hand, Gallagher, still panting a little from lus run, welcomed them at the door. (To be continued.) 