Ghosts. OUR friends from Blayney are com- plaining of the presence of a ghost, or some such supernatural being in their chief mine. The men, we are told, hear strange noises, bells ring- rag, singing, groaning, etc.; miners going below have their candles blown out by supernatural beings, and they feel something brushed passed them. Ever since the world began there have been ghosts and rumours of ghosts, but their actual existence have never been proved in a court of law. There is an old saying that where there is much smoke, there is sure to be some fire, and Hamlet, who was himself the son of a ghost, is reported to have said to a friend "there are more things in Heaven and earth, than are dreamt of in your philo- sophy." Very few of us believe in ghosts, but most of us have some sort of mysterious awe of the unknown possibility, and the un- fortunate part of it is that it is im- possible to catch ghosts, you can put a bullet through them, but it does not hurt, and when grabbing at its throat you only grab air. Some of the most reasonable and clear headed people declare they have seen ghosts, but undoubtedly the general tendency now-a-days is to ridicule the whole matter, as being in existence only in a troubled mind. Whether the Full Court will ever be in a position to give a ruling on the question is doubtful, and in the meantime the ghost will remain with us. GENERALLY big city fires have the bad taste to break out in the early hours of the morning when all quiet people are far away, but the recent one at McLean Bros. and Rigg's came along at half past eleven and soon drew a big crowd. The firemen as usual made a great show at the beginning, but some amusement was engendered when the cartridges began to explode, the firemen momentarily retreated well knowing that the consequences if a large explosion took place, and also to prepare a different method of attack as soon as the explosion did take place. In the meantime, in a flash of lightning, a few sailors from the men-of-war had swarmed up the ladders and set the hoses to work, thoroughly regard- less of the possibilities of a great gunpowder explosion. It made the firemen look silly for a moment, very unjustly because firemen in Sydney are as brave as they make 'em, everyone who has watched them working a big fire knows that. However, the crowd, with the warlike spirit on them, and rememembering what the Naval Brigade are doing at Lady- smith, gave the blue jackets a tremendous ovation. 