THE SUNDAY LABOUR QUESTION. The following letter which ex plains itself — and contains instruc tion, ably given, on a point of general interest, has appeared in the A'al- ijoorlie Miner : — "Sir, — This day's issue of the Miner contains a letter undersigned 'Individualist,' in which my name appears m connection with certain imputed statements. Nom de plume correspondents I always ignore, but ' Individualist ' in his epistle makes some assertions which are so glaringly at variance with truth and the testimony of history that I feel compelled to contradict and expose their fallacy. He says ' the Sunday is an innovation foisted upon the community by the Emperor Con- stantine and the Pope of Rome.' This is untrue. The Christian Sun day which has taken the place of the old Hebrew Sabbath is of Apostolic origin, and dates back to the days of Christ. Jesus, at His advent, con firmed the Sabbatical law, and re forming it authorised His church to transfer the Sabbath from the last to the first day of the week, to indicate the transition from the old to the new covenant, and this act emanating from the God-man only serves to render holier the day which is re served for the glory of His Father. So that Sunday is really the day which God — not the Emperor Con- stantine or the Pope of Rome — has made. ' Haec est dies quam fecit Doininus.'- This is. the teaching of St. Thomas, Cajetan, Sylvius, and a host of other sacred writers. Tn the Apocalypse I c, io v. the title of ' Lord's Day ' is given to Sunday, the first of the week ; and in Acts xx c 7 v we are told that St. Paul abode seven days at Troas, and that on the first day of the week (Sunday) the disciples came together to break bread. Also in i <Cor. xvi.. 2 v. we find St. Paul ordering a collection to be made on the first day of the week (Sunday) for the saints. These re ferences show that the Sunday dates from Apostolic times. But even if Scripture were silent tradition would put it beyond all do.ubt. And of the authority of traditiori as a proof of doctrine Epiphanius, who wrote about the year a.d. 370 cembating ' certain heretics, says : — ' We must also call in the aid of tradition, for it is impossible to find everything in Scripture ; for the holy Apostles delivered to us some things in writing and other things by tradition.' St. Basil also asserts that the Church had traditions on doctrinal questions, adding to what is contained in the Scripture. Tertullian, in his 'Apol ogia," which was written in a.d. 198, make mention of the ritual custom of praying standing in the Sunday assemblies, and adds that on that day business was put aside, that the soul ' might be left free for God's service. Now as the Emperor Con- stantine was not converted till a.d. 312, how could he be the originator of the Sunday, or Christian Sabbath, when the Sabbath was observed nigh 300 years before his birth. Again, ' Individualist ' says : — " The change was made to the venerable day of the sun, to win over the then pagans to Christianity." This is not so. Sunday or the Lord's Day is consecrated and set apart for public worship and for rest in commemora tion of the resurrection of Jesus from the grave, consummating thereby the work of our Redemption. It also celebrates the descent of the Holy Ghost and the foundation of the true Church. One day's rest in every seven is as ancient as the human race. It is the opinion of Lightfoot and many other writers of weight and worth that Sabbath observance dates even from Creation,' while the most learned commentators, and amongst them Grotius, maintained that the Sabbath, was held sacred long before the time of Moses. This inference is drawn1 from the words of Genesis "and He blessed the seventh day and sancti fied it " (Genesis ii, 3), which plainly indicates that God instituted it as a day of prayer and rest for Adam and his posterity. The Jews, even before they received the law on Sinai w'ere commanded to abstain from gather ing manna on the Sabbath, and to refrain from servile works (Exodus xvi, 2 and 3). The words of the precept ' Remember to keep holy the day of rest ' proves that God was not imposing a new law, but only recall ing to the minds of. the Israelites a previously existing ordinance and sanctioning a primordial injunction. It is justifiable, then, to conclude that it was contained in the primitive orders given to Adam, and is there fore as old as creation. The Jews do not keep the Christian Sabbath (Sunday) because they do not believe in Christianity, but they still observe their'own ancient Hebrew Sabbath (Saturday) even more strictly than Christians observe the Lord's Day. ' Individualist ' introduces many side issues into his letter, viz. : (1) " Cre ation of man by God as we find him to-day." This is puerile. (2) " Sun day observance has no warrant from Sacred Scripture.' The contrary is proved above. (3) ' In matters theo logical there is too much reflected thought.' Christ would have all Christiariity — ergo all theology — all reflected : thought. ' Teach them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you.' Faith comes by hearing, ' How can they believe un less they are taught?' (4) 'Is preaching and teaching work ?" It is God's work. The tradesman, laborer, merchant, artist are so engrossed during the week with their different occupations that . it is impossible to direct their thoughts towards God, heaven and salvation. If men were approached amid the' turmoil of then daily work and preached to about re ligion they would answer as the Hebrews answered Moses : ' Trouble us not, we have other things to think of than the promised land. Dost thou not see our labours and opres- sion ?' Sunday is the only day of the Aveek when, ministers can preach and each. (5.) ' There is no State church in Australia, therefore State should not interfere with Sunday labour.' According tc this manner of reasoning the State should not legis late against murder or theft or any other sin. My letter is growing too long; I must rein in. In future I will tajce no notice of correspon dents who hide themselves behind the cover of a now de jAume. If this letter is not satisfactory to my friend ' Individualist.' I would respectfully inform him that I answer every Sunday night, in St. Mary's Church, any questions bearing on the history or doctrines of the Catholic Church that may be put into the question-box in the church porch. Apologising, Mr. Editor, for trespassing so much on vour valuable space, — I am, etc., Ambrose O'Gor- man. St. Mary's, February 13." A Fatal "Venture. — Two German tourists recently started, from Guttaunen, in Bernese Oberland, to proceed 011 snow shoes across the Susten Pass to Wasen ' (Canton Uri). It has been ascertained that '' they were both overwhelmed by an ava lanche on the Uri side of the pass. Missionary Obituary. — The Sacred Congregation of Propaganda Fide has just published a list of the missionaries who have died during the year 189S. The list comprises 129 names, among them being 6 Bishops and 123 priests, four of the latter < being Irish, and three belonging to the United States. Five of the deceased were martyrs of the faith and one was drowned accidentally. Earthenware sleepers are in use 011 some of the Japanese railroads. 