L» FOR HER SELF ALONE. ,/ By K. MACDONALD, CHAPTER IV.— Contiuuod. , *Mfmy thanks; but, on aeoond thoughts I will not trouble y6u, It .would not bo worth while. ' 1 believe,' Lord Stratheavn added, 'your cousiu has always wade her home with you 1' 'Yoa. Her fathor was very unfortu-, nate in business, and left her without a penny j so, of course, mine took her in,' Very generous on lua part. And now he ia giving her a foreign trip'?' ' 'Oh, you see, father has always looked on Daisy as a daughter, and she wanted to travel so much. I wish'— sighing— ?'I could think sho would bo grateful] but aho ]ias never shown much feeling.' i 'Not even for her fiance 1' ' 'Oh'— Blanche blushed a little— 'I teurmose she cares for him I I think the ground is ready now, Lord Strathearn, Shall wo go and have a game of tennis?' 'added tlie young lady, who began 'to find ?!his lordship's questions a trifie embar rassing. 'I wish I could bring him to the point! I oan't stay hero much longer. Ada was Baying yesterday that they expected some other guests. I believe they are dis appointed at my not giving a lot of pre Bents, as thoy think I have any amount of money. But I won't budge until he has proposed!' And Blancho Fentou's lipa mot obstinately. She \vas five-and-twenty, and as yet her good looks had brought her many ad mirers, but not one eligible offer j and, though not clover, when she sot her mind on a thing, she generally end ed by getting it. She had set her heart now on beoom' ing Lady Strath earuj but, though, they had met fre quently, and she had given him many op* portunities, he had shown no desire for anything but the mildest of flirtations, in which the lady took by far the most active part. Instinct told Blanche that someone 'else stood in her way. Could it be that that someone was Daisy? There waa n garden-party at Strath tire Houso that afternoon, and the old family place — one of the sights of the -county — made a beautiful picture in gala garb. Blanche was loud in her admiration of all she saw, and manoeuvred successfully to make Lord Strathearn offer to row her out to the tiny island that made a pretty centre of greenery in the picturesque lake. , 'I never imagined anything so lovely as your home!' she gushed. 'I can't think how you can bear the idea of leav: ing it to live abroad!' 'Necessity I' he said laughingly, 'Be- Bides' — more seriously — 'I like the thought of having something to do. I do not wish to live out my days in idle ness.' 'But there are many htinga you could do in England— euter Parliament, for instance,' 'Yes ; but that is an expensive amuse ment, and ? 'And,' she interrupted desperately, ?with heightened color, 'if— if ? But I am agraid you are very proud, Lord iStrathoanV!' she stammered confused 'Well, yes, I fear I am,' ho said ooor ly, soareely pretending to misunderstand her. 'At any rate, noblesse oblige, you 'know,' . 'Noblesse despises nobodies, you ?mean!' . 'No; indeed. As to that, ths nobody ;ia the noble without menns nowadays, and you are very good to praise us bo much. But, compared to the spicand Bpan country seats you must have 8G3i-. in England, Strathairo is only a pio turesque ruin.' 'Oh i but tho old Irish kingB lived here long1 ago, The Connors told in) 'bo. And you are descended from. them, What is money to that?' 'Well, I am afraid the kings are a bit legendary,' he said, with a smile, But Donuis Strathearn loved his homo and country, and could not be quite in sensible to tho girl's flattery. He lought shy, however, of a prolonged tete a-tete with her. In a few minutes they had reached /the shore of tho island, and, Blanche being determined to land, Lord Strath earn sprang out and prepared to make the boat fast j but, as he tied the rope ito a projecting branch, it gave way in jii& hand. 'This will never do,' ho said. 'There As a strong current round the island, and this ropo is quito rotten. If' — helping ? her to alight— 'you will kindly hold her in for a moment, I will run and get an other piece. There is plenty, on the ? island.' Blancho stooped and held the edge of the boat as directed for one moment j the next, Lord Strathearn having dis appeared, a look of resoiutio'n carae into her face, and, with all her force, she de liberately pushed the boat away from the shore, watching it nnxiausly till to wn ? caught by tho current, and drifted1 (Hi; of reach, Then, turning, sho ran to meet her companion, as ho hurried baok with the ' rope., 'Oh, I am so sorry I' sho panted breathlessly. 'I only lot go for a se cond to look round for you, and tho boat waa gono!. How .shall we get back? Is there anothor boat here?' 'No.' Arid Lord Strathearn looked very gave as his oyes swept the water, % on which tho only thing visible was their . little craft, gaily flouting further and ' further away. ? 'It is to bo hoped it may occur to someone to look for us ihero; but I fear that cannot be just yet.' 'Oh, yes,' Blanche said cheerfully, , 'someone is sure to come. We must ? hoist a flag. Really, it is very amus ing to bo shipwrecked for once I' Lord Strathoarn did not soom muoh amused ]? but he caught at her sugges tion, tying a handkerchief to the point facing the only opening amongst the trees on the opposite side. ' 'And now,' the young lady went on, 'for that' legend you promised to relate to me about your patron saint's dwel ling,' And sho led the way gaily to a little- stone building, which was known Iu tho legends of the district as St. Den nis's -Hermitage, The place had one dwelling-room, and a smaller one whore St. Dennis, the hermit, had slept. ? Establishing herself in one of the rough old oak chairs, Blanche prepared to listen to the legend. 'It isn't much of a story,' Lord Strathearn said. And he told the time worn legend as briefly as possible, 'What a gruesome story I' Blanche murmured when the tale was- done, 'And his ghost haunts the lake,, of course?' ? . ' 'Of courso ! ? And if we stay much longer it will appear to us also,' He rose and approaohed the door. 'By Jove I it does look dark. There is no use waiting for rescue any longer,. Miss Ponton, I will just swim, across and get another boat.' i 'Swim all that way?' she cried, in dis may. ? 'It is not so very far, I have done it before. And I will not leave you a moment longer than I can help.' ? 'Oh I but you must not leave me at all, I could not stay here alone— after that horrid story, tool I should die of fright 1' Blanche oried, with dilated eyes. 'Oil, don't go! Someone is sure to find us, sooner or later.' .' 'But it is getting so late— —' ' 'Oh, you .won't go! You would riot be so oruel!' A sudden clap of thunder out short the discussion, as the storm broke at laat. with flash after flash of vivid lightning, and if Blanche's terror had been feigned before, it was real enough now. Her face was white to the lips, svs they took refuge again in the her mit's oell, while peal on peal of thunder shook the island to its base. His com panion's distress roused all the chivalry at Lord Strathearn's nature, while he blamed himself for the position in; which they found themselves. Taking off his ooat, he wrapped it tenderly round her j and as she olung to him, almost unwit tingly his arm enciroled her trembling form ; her fair head rested on his shoul der, her loosened golden hair strayed over his coat, and her soft red lips, raised to his, besought him 'riot to leave her.' ? ; 'No, no!'— soothing her' as one soothes a frightened ohild j mid if it oc curred to Lord Strathearn suddenly tha in a similar emergency Daisy would have behaved differently, he put the thought rosolutely away. Daisy was engaged to another man. She had fooled him! v ' : At last, when the thunder ceased, and great raindrops splashed the lake into furrows, he rose, putting his burden gently aside, ' 'I shall have to go,' he said to him self, a9 he looked out again over the de solate water, the sodden gras3, and drip ping trees, with a strange sense of op pression at his heart, 'There ia nor thing else for it. She must see it her self, I shall give St, Dennis a wide berth in future, By Jove! — Pat in his punt!' Hoblnson Crusoe could not have hailed a sail with more delight, as, through hi» closed hands, Lord Strath earn shouted to the puntsman, till an answering 'Hallo!' sounded across the water. In answer to Strathearn's cry of re lief and joy, Blancho came out and watohed the rescue approaching. ' She was very pale still, and also very, very hungry, for she was a young woman who liked her square meals, and a vision of the well-spread tables at the house had been tantalising her for some time j and now she realised that all her discomfort had been barren of result, something like de spair oamo over her. As far as she had it in her to love anyone but herself, she loved DenniB Strathearn now, and his im« patiep.ee to get away mortified her in tensely., , 'You haven't hurried yourself, Pat,' he began, aa soon as the man was within hearing, 'This lady and I huve been stranded here for ages I I wonder none of you saw the boat had drifted away,' 'Sure, then, it's not near St, Dennis's Isle there Avad be any of us in a storm!' tho man answered. 'And, beloike, it is not such a terrible hurry your lordship wad be in, at all, at all !' he added, with a grin, and a glance at the girl at the latter's side, which was not lost upon either of them, ? 'Well, make haste now,' Lord Strath earn said shortly, as he assisted Jilanohe into the boat j and stood up with an oar himself, so as to expedite the return. Blanche sat silent in the stern, and presently, on looking round, he saw she held her handkerchief to her eyes. 'What is it?' he asked. 'Are you cold oi'—' 'No, no' — she turned her face away— 'I am all right.', But she could not re strain a sob, and he sat down by her side, 'We shall soon be back now. I am afraid you are feeling ill?'— as Blanche remain ed silent. ' Oh, no j not that, But didn't you see how that man looked at us ? I never thought of it before j but what will the Connors, and everyone, think of me? Oh!' — she pressed her handkerchief to her eyes— 'what &hall; I do?' 'Do? NotWng!' he said, after a sec ond's pause. , 'It is easy enough to ex ijlain.what. happened, thought I am bin* coroly sorry for the inconvenience my carelessness has caused.' ? .'But who. will believe, if we do ex plain? They will say wo did it on pur pose, and all sorts of horrid things. And I am a stranger here, and no one cares for the English !' — she sobbed bitterly — 'and perhaps thoy will tell my father. Oh, I cannot bear itl' — breaking down altogether. (?ponaipop oq oj.) 