The Vacant House. BY KARL ASHLEY WALCOTT. The darkness of the street was ns the lip! of dav to tho darkness of the hall when th door was closed ; yet it gave him courage for if lie could not see neither cou! I he b seen,'unless thc brothers had tho gift of th devils ti» see in the dark. He stood for minute. Thon a murmuring sound thc came from overhead confirmed him in th opinion that the Three Brothers and thei victim were up the stair. A cvopuscula glow, tiie very ghost of light, came to hi eyes from above, and he divined that thei lay thc ascent. His fears asked him if ono of tho Brother did not lie between him and the source t that light. But reasoning that the grip t deatli would by then have been at his heal if ono of the Brothers had been on th watch, ho staked his lifo on tho desperat trust that the crime for which they had com liad taken the attention of tho Three, an that none was loft on guard. So ho moved forward step by step, an almost inch by inch, the fingers of the le! hand touching the wall as his guide, li; right hand gripping the knife, and oyo an ear strained to catch the faintest hint tin his presence was suspected. Thus nois< leäsly ho came to the head of the stair, an saw that a middle room was alight, and thr no one stood outside. Tho door was but a inch or two ajar, and Ah Kira crept to i with noiseless progress, though the murinu of voices, of which he could catch a wor now and then, would have covered Iiis step had he proceeded boldly. When he looked within tho room he shoo with astonishment as well as terror, for nc only did he seo the white doctor with arm and feet bound stand betwoon the Ta' Brother and the Stout Brother, but on th floor, tied with ropes and bleeding from th head, lay a Chinese, and the face of tim Chinese was the face of the shrewd Wonj Chce. Between wonder that so wise a mw. should- have been taken by the Brothers fear lest his friend was dead, and th lack of a plan by which to rosen the two from the hands of tho Dread ful Threa, it was not nntil Wong Cliei stirred aid groaned that the words tim were spoken came to his understanding Then he observed that the Small Brothel with the lame leg stood before tho doctoT grinned evilly, and spoke in English, whili the Stout Brother with a hatchet and th( Tall Brothor with a running noose, held U the captive, mado silent threats of death. 'You will be hanged,' he heard th< doctor say. ' If they catch us,' said the small Brother showing his teeth. ' That is easy,' said the doctor. The police have only to find out the man who rented this house, and they will lay hands on you at once.' 'The house not rented,' returned the Small Brother, with his evil grin more pro- nounced than beefore. ' Why, how aro you here theu ?' asked the doctor. ' One man he go one time, he get key,: said the Small Brother with a silent laug! that was tembló to seo. We make key al «Mime this key. Thon same man he take key back. He not like house, that long time ago. We have key. We come here in dark to-night. No man soe us come. No man see us go. You not do all same as tell you we leave you heah." And the Small Brother pointed to the floor anti made suggestive gestures as though th« body of the doctor lay there dead. ' But the police will find me, and they will know that it is murder,' argued the doctor. ' Police no catch us, replied the Small Brother, with pride nnd scorn mingled io his voice. ' Some day catch you this place ; catch Wong Chee that place, " pointing to the floor. ' All say sumo, ' Chinaman fight ; white man fight ; both got kill.' ' That will not be the end of it,' said the doctor, in a tone of menace and warning. ' I was in Los Angeles when your high- binders killed two of the whito police. Then the white men came with guns and knives and fire, and they shot and stabbed and hanged every Chinaman they could find, and they burned their Chinatown off the face of the earth. Many wore killed, and many hundreds were hurt, and all ran foi their lives. Do you remember that ?' Now at these words the face of the Small Brother lost something of tho look of diabol- ic pleasure. For even the Threo Brothers must tremble at the name of that awful night in the southern city, whoro the Tall Brother had got his scar and the Small Bro- ther had acquired his limp, and tho Three had barely escaped with their lives. ' We not want to kill you,' said the Small Brother, with a smile that was meant to be conciliatory, but succeeded only in being ghastly. ' You do all same wo say, you go ome all Ute.' Now the doctor knew that .his fate was sealed ; for the Three Brothers had let him know too much, and must kill him for their own safety. He saw that they but played with him to make their pleasure ; yet ho bore himself as though the Brothers but jested with him. ' What would you have ?' asked the doc- tor. ; ' I tell you before. The heart of Wong Chee,' answered the Small Brother. ' I cannot take it. Tho man is still olive.' ' Ho all same dead.' replied the Small Brother. ' White devil doctor man he like cut up dead man ; why ho not like cut up live man ?' ' Why do you want me to cut up a live man ?' asked the doctor. ' We like Bee. Sometime maybe we like do.' ' I cannot kill him. He has done no harm.' ' Oh, you tlink liim'good man ?' exclaimed the Small Brother, contemptuously. ' You tlink him all lite ? He all same come to- night to say we get one thousand dolla' kill Wing Lee. You tlink him good man, eh ? He no sabby one tong say we get two tlou sand fi' hund' dolla' all same kill him.' And at this humorous situation tho Small Brother went off into diabolic laughter. ' Then did ' ono tong ' tell you to kill me ?' asked the doctor. ' 'I do not ïcnowthe tongs, and never harmed them.' The Small Brother's face took .on a look of preternatural cunning, and he appeared to consider what excuse to give. . . ,; ,. ' Never one time kill whito deviL' he foid. at last. And his eyes snapped eagerly, a» ] though this had bee« the lonjr desire of his life ; and the bodies of the Tall Brother and the Stout Brother bent toward the doctor as though they wer" ea^cr to have his blood. ' We kill white devil doctor now if he not do what we say. (rive us the heart of Wong Chee.' The Small Brother's tone at this became so menacing that the doator gave himself up for a lost man. Ah Kim marveled at Iiis coolness in the fane of death, for though he was but a whit» devil, his voico changed not a whit. . I cannot take it with bound hands,' he said. Tile Three Brothers consulted in Chinese, for they were unwilling to loose tho hands of the doctor. Tt was truo that he could not cut the Ii i-t from Wong Chee if Iiis hands were ti? - v>t if his hands were free and the surg"""'- '.nive was put in them, they had to f-- .. the rashness of despair. Then the Sinai' Brother advised that the doctor be madr* to kneel before his hands were loosed. And thereupon Ah Kim saw him forced to hi« knee« by tho body of Wong Chee and the Tall Brother flung tho noose about tho neck of the kneeling man, | and tho Stout Brother lifted tho hatchet, while the Small Brother slipped the cords that bound his arms. Now Ah Kim breathed hard and gripod his knife fast, for he fearod that the lifo of the shrewed Wong Ohoo was lost. Ile had a wild wish to erv ont to the doctor that there was a friend at hand and that ho should make an ' (fort for lifo and freedom. Yet he knew that to cry out wa« folly and would bo death to Him along with thei shrewed Wong Chee and tho good doctor, and ho had to uso all lu's strength to keep his teeth from chattering. 'What was that?* suddenly asked the Small Brother, pricking up his ears. .I hear nothing,' said tho Stout Brother. 'A step on the stair, I thought,' said the Small Brother. 'I locked tho door,' said tho Tall Brother, with an evil ami 1". ' It is Wong Oboe's devil come for his soul.' Now at this Ah Kim could scarce keep himself from sinking, for it is evil indeed to be between tho Three Brothers of the Hatchot mid the devils that como for the dying. And the Three Brothers them- selves lost a little of thoir confident air ; for even tho Brothors, who feared not the Joss, liked not to think of tho devils. But Ah Kim smiled, .in the midst of his fears at tho mistake of tho Tall Brother in thinking that he had locked the door. 'Well, let us niuko haste,' said the Small Brother, ' that tho devils may finish thoir work.* And with a move ho shook the bonds from the doctor's arms and put in the doc- tor's right hand tho surgeon's knifo. 'Now cut,' he said. j 'At this word tho doctor flung his arms j about the Small Brother and dashod h'm to the floor, and at the same time made a mighty effort to rise. 4 Strike, Brother,' cried the Small Brother to the one with the hatchet. The hatchet wa» in the air, and the doc- tor's brains would have scattered over the floor, but that Ah Kim, nerved by the dan- ger of the mea before him, and by the noise of devils on tho stair behind him, had flung open the door, and with one leap buried his knife in the throat of the Stout Brother with tho hatchet. The Stout Brother flung up his arms with a scream, his blood spurted over the bald hoad of the doctor, his hatchet fell to the tloor, and his knees giving aw«}', he fell heavily against the Tall Brother, and they went down together. The noose tightened in the hands of the Tall Brother, the doctor was brought over with a jerk, and assassins anil victims lay in a heap. Ah Kim alone standing, with bloody knife and shaking knees, crying out in the extremity of terror. For the Brothers struggled before him, and tho noise of devils was beliind him, and he stood still for want of way to fly. Then tho devils burst into the room, seized upon Alt Kim with an oath, and in the maze of confused impressions he thought he saw thorn strike the Small Brother and I tho Tall Brother with çjubs till they lay still, bring the doctor to his feet, and wipe the i blood from his head, and his ears told him ! that tlioy all talked at once. And at last he ! saw that tho devils woro not of the air, but j of the white dovils' police, and he learned that ho and Tull Brother and Small Brother were under arrest, and that the Stout Bro- ther hod gono whore the Joss and tho dovils deal with his kind. And dimly came to Ids mind the words of one of the policemen : ' I was that unaisy about you tliat I got these men and carno back, for I found that tho house wa» vacant up to sundown. We was afraid of mischief afoot, and bedad we've found it.' Then tho terror-stricken Ah Kim, when he found that he was arrested as one of the Throo Brothers, fell upon the floor and howled and called out his name to the doctor. And tho doctor, Laving now re- covered his shaken wits, know Ah Kim. ' See, here, officer,' he said. ' You've made a mistake. This fellow is my cook, and if it hadn't been for him I'm afraid you would Lave been a minute late.' And tho doctor oxplained as much as ho knew of the affair in which ho had played so groat a part, and Ah Kim pieced out tho talo of tho Throe Brothers with a sad dis- array of tho English language. So Ah Kim. was released on the doctor's promiso to bring him before tho court, and Wong Cheo was brought to consciousness and the sur- viving brothers woro taken to tho prison and loaded with many crimes on tho book of tho police. And tho policemen praised the courage of Ah Kim and marveled at it as the strangest thing tbay had ever known. ' 0,' said Ali Kim nonchalantly, as in ex- planation ; * Wong Chee, he my Hen', docto', ho heap good man. No wan' 'em kill.' ' I think,' said Wong Chee, os he nursed his broken head, ' that it was just os well that yera did «ot stop in the house of th« Joss to pray- You ara not so nundi of a. fool as you io>ot.' And Ah Kim i<»ok this for mueh praize, for he had ever known him us the shrewd Wong Chee. frnK Exu.j 1 