The Storyteller. MARGUERITE'S HUSBAND. (From "Munsey's Magazine.") The curtains of the opposite section began to heave and bulge ; Beverley lay back in his corner and (watched them with very lit-<*> tle hope. The other berths had disgorged one by ««. producing nothing tout frogs and toad*—the unalluring convoy of freaks Chat ie native to the east bound overland. He had boarded the train too late the night before to be disillusioned, and he bow found hi» seif fa*© to face with the loaf morning, without a prospect beyond the one tolerably promising man In lower eleven. 'Beverley loathed being by himself. Re sometimes felt as if, like sound, he did not exist unless there were people around to hear him. In congenial company all his senses were keenly alert, and he was full ot enthusiasm. Things touched him, and bis notti reddened sympathetically to the sound of a vtoldn. Natural beauty <toilWd him be yond measure, so long «s there >wias some one to thrill with. When alone, he coldly ad mitted the Attractions of these tillage, but was bored and restless and irritated, bis emotions as dull and flat as uncorked sods. Tt took an outside personality to generate Etas In his case. The curtains, meanwhile," iwere growing mtore and more agitated. A tan shoe ap peared for an instant beneath, ,w«vered, drew back, then was plaated definitely in the aisle. A few seconds later a line of dark ■blue appeared over It, Jowered from above. There was a quiet interval, followed by a more violent convulsion, then the curtain* parted, and, like Minerva Issuing from the bead of Jove, a young woman stepped" forth complete. ißevertey took down his feet, and straight ened up. Pearls and diamonds at last! She looked up at his movement, caught the brightened expression in his eyes, and •miled tentatively. Beverley, ,wbo had been mentally laying our a discreet siege of win daw opening and blind lowering, felt some what tUten back at this frank skipping of *be preliminaries. She did not look like that kind. Nevertheless, he jumped up, ready to take his cue. She held out her hand. «ll^ w J° U .f et "on Iw* lU«ht * Bwr» -naento, she said cordially. •• g watched all tibe passengers from my window, and you wrens, the one I picked out." Beverley, trying to shame away a certain atrractve young woman. -^'"S? 41 the others dWn't kwr it," he waSb. Bnilled T*fuely ' »»« looked at her "How about brealntast ?" she said. « n >n . you had yoors?" Oe T erl«y Jw b«i iS? and a few minutes fcter found htosSf car?: ij.^domestic Mm. be-rteakTl tSto <# I hate to be alone waen it's a la carte » BBmm 2d 5 bSeJT5»l^ y of wber «?. — *• S'tl.i'oirk^taJlS" 1^ y<W «~ -" Wett, partly because' none of tto? others vrouid do," flbe said tranquilly. " Kbere was one who waa possible, in a way, but you were really probable. Of course l shouldn't have spoken if you hadn't looked so- intelligent Marguerite wrote you what car I was to be in, didn't she ?" (Beverley felt a middrn mid contraction Infer his ribs, ; " I—4 beg your pardon ?" he said, trying to stave off comprehension. "Why, I telephoned her as awn m I en gaged my section, bo that die could let jnu know. , It waa «uch .a comfort to feed you muM "be here, for my "brother couldn't take me back. I hope waiting ever a day didn't pat you oat." ,0o that was the hideous explanation, and all her friendlincßs was on talcs premista. If the know ; the truth, ehe would gr'cd hum to powder with, a 'kok, then pointidljr for get his ©xdisteure*. And It waa five we.ry day* to New York. And be litd her. S.rict honour, of course —but 'Ac irked her ! " Oh, not at all !" he said. " I waa glad to." " Dear me !" she wen-t on, leaning back to lock at the world flying past the win dow, " It seems so etrange to think of Mar guerite as married." (Beverfey tiad an alarmfav vision of com ing pitfalls, and felt about, for a cautious answer. " Yes, doesn't it," he ventured. She smiled around at him. " Does it—to you ?" she said. ~ " Well, I suppose one has to pinch oneself to teaiißfc one is married, Just as you do to realise you're grown up." Her meaning shot across his mind with a flash of dismay- So then, he was a married man —the husband of Marguerite. And he was to play the role without lines to a clear eyed, wide-awake audience who knew exact ly how the part should go. He stared un happily at the inexhaustible beefsteak on his plate,'wondering what escape there could De short of falling off the train. She glanced several times at his downcast face, then spoke in a new tone with gentle gravity. "(Marguerite told tne why you were go ing," she said. " I think it is simply love ly of you both. Of course, I can understand that it is a sad errand for you." Beverley nodded solemnly. There really wasn't anything else to do. " I wonder Just how bereaved I am," he thought, aa he followed her back to their car, after a sympathetic-interval of silence. The dust of the desert was beginning to filter through every crt-vice, and the air was growing harsh and choking with alkali. She took from her bag several ornate little bot tles and made him smell them.in turn, then drew out some writing materials. " Do you keep your family on postal cards while you're travelling ? .1 do," she said. " To write a letter is such a terrible trouble on th« train. It hangs over you all day like a black cloud. The prospect of doing the family washing couldn't be half «c burden some in every-day life. Bven the idea of postals makes my Jieart sink a little when I'm travelling." " Well, I never can do anything unless I'm so busy I haven't time to," said Beverley, expanding under an Impersonal topic. " I know. And one feels so cut off from the world, on the train. Let's be good and get our duty all done up right away." She held out to him a postal and a book to write on. " Tell Marguerite how you found me, while I scribble to my brother," she Bald. Beverley sat helplessly before the postal. His few weeks of wandering about the Paci fic Coast had not resulted in any relation so intimate as to demand a postal bulletin of bis progress ; yet the thing must be cov ered. After some consideration, he pulled out his pencil and wrote : Dear Ned,—Have you mt inythtng of my strop 1 It Menu to hay* van&wd;, and I may have left it at your house daring that very jolly Sunday I rpent there. Send it to me in New York if it turn* up»—Yours, K. B. He eyed that with some'pride, for, th* strop being safely in his bag, he could write to-morrow and explain it* reappearance, if this autocratic young woman insisted ou another postal. " Did you say nice things about me ?" she demanded. " Indeed I did—deWcately veiled, so that the porter wouldn't be too interested," he answered promptly. He had cut the last rope between himself .and truth, and was prepared to lie his way through without faltering or looking back. "Let me address it for you with my fountain ;" and she held out her hand with a matter-of-course air that paralysed his Ingenuity. He meekly handed it over, and saw "Mrs. Charles Porter Craven" written firmly across it. "Well, it's a good thing to know my name," he comforted himself, as the two postals went off in the porter's charge to be mailed. " Only I hope Marguerite won't go to any trouble about that strop." Not long after, tired with the strain, Beverley went back to the smoking-room, content for one* to be Quite alone. The train pounded monotonously ahead, stopping at dreary little stations for breath and cour age to attack the blistering desert again. At a small oasis of grass and trees he saw her walk briskly past the window, threading her way among the loitering passengers with an evident desire for exercise. He decided regretfully that he must avoid her as much as possible for the rest of the day. Ten minutes later, when the train started, he was back in his own section with his eyes on tho door. rfbe came in hurriedly and went straight up to him with bright cheeks and an angry light in her ey«s.< .. * J£ l me«" Bhc ***** •kruptly. do I look like the kind of a girl that would strike up train acquaintances with strange men T Do I give you that impression ?•• Poor Beverley grew red to his collar but ton. "No, no ! Not in the least!" he stam mered. "I never—please don't think it "Of course there must be something In my bearing. People don't do such things qurte without provocation," she went on ignoring him. " I'd be very grateful to any one who would tell me " " But you don't ? There Isn't! Believe me. It was all " " If I wore a pink shirt and yellow hair, it would be different," the broke in. "He had been staring at me all the morning any way. but I thought I just imagined H. Then, out on the platform, if he didn't come up, and try to enter into a conversation ! Oh, I hate such things !" ■Beverley's colour had suddenly become normal again. He could have yelled with laughter in his relief. " Some drummer, probably- Bfou know they are professionally friendly," he said soothingly. " Show me who he Is, and I'll see that he doesn't trouble you again." She cooled down at the prospect of active measures. 1 "Oh. it doein't really matter," she said. " Tou ac«, I nsrer travelled alone before, and.l'm Billy about things. Probably he was Just—fresh. Any- way, I- think I frote him sufficiently." " What sort of looking man ?'.' " Why, rather nice—you've eeen him. He got on at Sacramento wben you did." A sickening flash at comprehension crossed Beverley's mind. Till now he had been so busy with his own part that he had not given a' thought to the real Marguerite's husband, who was, of course, looking an xiously for his charge. If the two came to gether, it would be ail up with him. " I know—he sits down near the end," he said slowly. " I think, If I were you, I wouldn't have anything to do with him. I've seen him in the smoking-room, and— well, 1 think I'd rather he didn't talk with you." Which was perfectly true. She ac cepted his caution with an earnest respect for his superior knowledge. " Indeed, I wouldn't speak to him for worlds !" she said, and Beverley breathed easier. Her quick acceptance of his verdict pleased him foolishly. He was not at all advanced. He liked girls that looked up to men for practical guidance, and wives that used " Well, Dick says " to clinch the argument. His ideal was to build up a crackling Are where some dear little per son, still undiscovered, might warm her toes and smile at him while he piled on the logs. A day on the desert is like a day on a haystack for getting acquainted. Every hour represents at least a week of ordinary town intercourse. By that reckoning, their acquaintance was fully two months old when they reluctantly crawled behind the stuffy curtains of their berths that night. And a great deal can happen in two months. Be verley leaned on his elbow, and stared thoughtfully out over the gray desert, mot tled with sage brush and ending in dreary little hills—a miserable amateur desert, end lessly drawn out, but lacking the noble vast ness that awes a human atom into respect. Then he pulled down his shade and smiled into the darkness. " Marguerite, my dear, I'm afraid you're not going to have the happiest kind of a married life," he reflected. "If you want to hold my affection, you shouldn't throw me in the way of strange girls—girls with gray eyes that look straight at you, and corners at each end of their mouths ; girls who can Interest you without talking rot or having theories. I wonder what her name is ?" Meanwhile the girl across the aisle was looking fixedly out of the window. " How very happy Marguerite must be !" she was saying to herself with a small sigh. the next morning they breakfasted to gether, both in high spirits. The rival husband of Marguerite sat a few tables away, and watched them covertly. Bever ley had seen him go through the train and take a careful look at every feminine pas senger.. • He was evidently puszled, and the sight of him made his rival feel uncomfort ably guilty. The latter planned vaguely to make it all right some day, and meanwhile turned his back on his instincts. "Do you know, Mr. Graven, you* never call me by my name ?" the girl said, pour- Ing: sugar recklessly Into her Iced tea. " One would think I was christened. ' Oh. by the way.' " "I don't believe I do use' people's names very much," said Beverley uncomfortably. " Especially when I don't know them," he added to himself. " But It makes talking so impersonal," she urged. " I like a remark to come with my name stamped on it, so that it is mine definitely. Besides, it's a nattering sign that the person knows whom he's talking Beverley glanced up suspiciously; and caught a wicked little tightening of her eye lids. A great relief swept over him. 80, then, she had found it all out and for given him, and he could go forward free of encumbrances, delivered of lies. His face lit up in a laugh of acknowledgment. "Oh, I saw through you long ago," she went on, smiling back at him. "And you kept me blundering on, you" merciless person ?" he reproached her, affec tion in his voice. The ghost was laid in the haunted cham ber, and sunlight flooded its dark and spidery corners. Her eyes warmed Im pulsively to his. " Why, of course I understood," she sail.' " Marguerite wrote you that Helen would spend a week in San Francisco, and you'd heard her sneak of Helen at intervals ever since you were married, and she told you to meet Helen on the train, and chaperon her—and you couldn't remember Helen's last name to save your life. Now, Isn't that it ?" (Poor Bevertey felt fee *host rfce again, and the light die out. He stared at his plats. "Why, but you know I don't mind," she went on quickly. MI just teased you a little. It was very natural you should for get. It seems almost silly for you not to call me Helen, any way, considering the £«i™ r,ve kaown Marguerite. I remember %*£>' at £«>- -v ■•« t. iw "Really, I don't believe I've ever known you as Anything but Helen," said Beverley; trying to respond with the degree of tem perate friendliness suitable to Marguerite's n«e? Brii <Uld ** the **"• Ume nOt lle UB" She tore a piece from the margin of the Bait Lake morning paper, and wrote on it. "I expect you to team that by heart." she said. '* Helen Blake Landls. There, I know It —by heart—already," said Beverley expres sively, forgetting for a moment his role of married man. He placed the slip in his pocket-book. " I don't believe he's a drummer at all." said Miss Landis suddenly^ " Who V " The man that spoke to me—Just leaving that table now- He wears such good col lars, and —oh, I don't know ! —I like the way he uses bis finger-bowl. I dare say he really thought I was some one he knew. Why don't you get acquainted with him, and see if he isn't nicer than we think ?" Beverley was hurt and be was also alarm ed. I "Of course, I % don't know the fellow," Ihe said ; "but —well, I've seen more of the I world than you have, and, frankly, I don't like certain things about him. He shouldn't have Broken to you that way. Men like that don't make mistakes. He knew per fectly well he had never seen you before. lOf course, if you want to meet him, I can wwily—" • ; "I do not. any ouch thtog," s*M <He!aa. with the touch of resentment he bad , taped for. It stftl lingered in ber chin snd dbouMera when she Mft the diner, and he -was not tarry, for oa the vestt touled platform of their own car stood the real Mr. Craven, loottln*; ■imliMlj at th# towndscape. fiber* was axanethb* in th* man's waiting attitude' that made Bever ley'a heart sink. He longed to pick Helen ud and rush by urtth her, but m forceA to walk bcilpleroty behind. There was only one iking leflt to do. He stooped quickly, and to tbie tone of an indulgent elder "brother whispered: "iHex»'s a good dome. If you'd rwfcly liktf to apcftk to tbe fcjUow." And he thamfced fortune for tho offended glance the cave him. The man lifted Us cap. " I beg your pardon," he began. "May I ask! " (Beveriey stepped gutafcry up to Him Landto with a proteottng/slr. She itfitd bar clhtn a itttfle fafafiier and walked an without a ffhunoe to either side. line man on ttoe platform coloured a Uttle, then shrugged bis EfcouMeni as though to say, "1 hare done' my best," and strolled off to the amokingHwora. " Do you know, I can't fit you to a Sit well wiHh Marguerite V (M'leb Laodis was considering 'Bevartey over the top of » salts bottJle, sweral ihotu\3 later. They had been exchanging confidences at "a BUrUimg rate, for, iCaough the Cecert was behind them, tho wide, creen -pntfrko that followed were almost as stimulating to intimacy. (He laughed awkwardfly, not darling to comm'tat. "' You're not like a married man, any way," she puisu.d. "You haven't any of that 'settle 1 here for flife' air. ifutlt how long have you ♦ boan married, any way ?" It was a trying question. He floun dered wretohetßy. _ " Why, let me see ; it's—ibo—urn—it can't be go long as that—why " She looked at him somewhat sternly. " The Idea of your not remembering ! Men have the loast sentimenlt. It was April, '«5, wasn't it ?" "So Jit was, of course-," he ansiwered. " Datos mean very 'little, any way. Now, I've only knowa you two daya, and yel——" *' Oh, but I didn't go abroad 4Ul' '£«," sio interrupted. " I know It - happened while 'I wa.3 abroad." " What did ?" " Your wedding." " Yes, cf course ; 'M," said poor Beverley. " That's what I said." "You didn't. You said '95," said Miss Londis, regarding him with grave eyes. He was about to blunder in still farther when a voice behind them announced : "Telegram for Mr. Charles Porter Craven." A boy was coming down the aisle, holding up a yellow envelope. The man in lower eleven lifted his head from his book. "Why, It's for you," said Helen. "Oh, I think not," Beverl;y answered quickly. " What town is this ? Did you— -" "Telegram for Mr. Charles Porter Craven," repeated the voice. "It Is for you," she insisted, stoppiug. tho boy. " Mr. Craven ?" he queried, and Bevorley could only nod. The other Mr. Craven was standing up in his section, staring at the group. There was evidently a Waterloo close at hand. Beverley balanced the yellow envelope nervously in his fingers, then laid It down. " I—l can't bear to open telegrams." he said weakly in answer to her puzzled look. " Let me do it," she said with quick sym pathy. "No, I won't be such a baby," he an swered resolutely, gripping the envelope. " I'll—l'll go off and face it alone. There's no use—your " He had no id.ca what bo was saying, but his feet were taking him with tremulous haste in the direction of the smoking-room, just in time to avoid a public explanation with the real owner of the telegram, who followed closely on his heels. " Oh, I Was looking for you,' said Bever ley with clumsy cheerfulness. "I thought this might be your name. Mine is very much like it, so we—l—thought the tele gram was for me ! Luckily, it wasn't opened." * The man took the envelope, looked at the clear " Charles Porter Craven" of the address, and then straight into the other's uneasy face. " What Is your name ?" he aaid quietly. Beverley was worn out with subterfuge. Ho looked up defiantly. " Kirk Beverley," he said, and left the room before the other could comment. Miss Landis was looking troubled. There were things about Marguerite's husband that puzzled and worried ber. One »as a marked disinclination to talk of his wife. When she forced him into it his tone had been cold and embarrassed. Marguerite bad seemed happy enough that week in Sau Francisco, and had frankly regretted her husband's absence. " But, then, a woman would ; she'd pretend," Helen acknowledged in the light of a new incident. For when the man Ip. lower eleven had passed in pursuit of Beverley, he had held a newly addressed letter In his hand, and she, quite without design had seen the name written on It, " Mrs. Charles Porter Craven." Why was this man writing fat letters to another man's wife when the other man himself was a total stranger ? There was evidently trouble afloat. Men didn't go .to pieces so over tele grams unless they were expecting disaster. "It was nothing—a mere matter of busi ness," said Beverley. He dropped down be side her and relapsed Into moody silence, realising that It might be the lust time. " Whatever it is, he can't be to blame," ran through her mind " Poor boy ; he looks worn out. I wish " Beverley glanced up and caught her eyes off guard. " Helen, I'm —I'm not a bad sort of a fellow, truly," he burst out. ' Please be lieve it. You'll know—find out things—and you may think hardly of me, but truly, on my honour as a gentleman—l am one usually —it was an honest mistake at first. Will you remember ?" > • "Of course. I will stand by you—in any case. I have seen enough of you to know I can," she said earnestly, and her hand rested on his for a breathless half-second. " Dear me ; I hate to think that Omaha is to-morrow," she went on a moment later, making an evident effort to get back to friendly commonplace. " I shan't have A soul to speak to till I reach Chicago. I wish. you were going through."/ < . " But—l am," said Beverley. " You don't get off at Omaha ?" "No ; I find I have to—go straight through. It's unavoidable." He felt bis way somewhat as one 'crosses a dark room, ex pecting every moment to strike some unseen obstacle. She eyed* him with grave sur prise. " But what are you going to do about the baby ?" she asked. There was a sinking In Beverley's chest and a sudden numbness in his faculties. A hideous vista of new lies opened up before him. Was he doomed to play proud parent as well as happy husband ? He had an alarming memory of the endless Questions women can find to ask about a baby, and hated Marguerite tor burdening him with this new Incumbrance. ) "It can't be helped," he said doggedly. 'Tve got to go straight through." He did not try to solve what connection there oould be between Omaha and the baby. He was tired of feeling around In the dark. The porter broke in on the silence that followed with a folded slip of paper. Bever ley- opened it and read : " Will you grant me the favour of a few minutes' conversation in the smoking-room? ■' C P. C." He hesitated a moment. Mr. Craven would evidently be leavings the train the next day ; but he still had twelve hours In which to make trouble. Better in the smoking-room than in the opan car. So Beverley excused himself and wont dejected ly to bis fate. Helen sat dazed with sudden understand ing. With her feminine intuition she had cleared at one bound «ie mystery that heavier Intellects must have broken through bit by bit. Marguerite's husband was going to the Middle West to get a divorce. It was as plain as daylight. Marguerite had explained the Journey by a story of a cousin who had died, leaving a little boy to the guardianship of her husband. He was going to take the child into their own home. Friends were to bring it as far as Omaha. It was like a woman, this elaborate hiding of facts. He had evidently refused to sub scribe to the deception or to the farce or married happiness that she still kept up. "•WlMttover has happened, I know he wasn't to Iblame. And he told me be irasnV «T» «** to herself. " I saw for myself «hat Mangwrlte had changed" ♦The man in k*w<r ekven was evidently In some way onnsadted with the affair. (That Wttor addressed *o Marguerite, and her companion's evMent diskfte of tiw follow, tone* a fturtd light on the affair. The Inference was unmistak«f>le. She was •hooked beyond measure. "Feifcsps be has to fee t», too, for «hs dfvoroe to go tlwough," she thought, having a very vague Jdea of legal pro oeas*. " How horrible ! Poor fellow ; faow I must (naive tortured him, harping on Maqpfertfcs." And he was too honest to pnstend. I'm glad of that" The truthful Beverley meanwhile bad walked into the smoking room without plan of any kind. If be could stare the fellow off till to-morrow be would ; but obanoe would have to show him the way. His brain was exhausted. "I bag pardon Cor troubUog you, but I'm rather in a predtoamant. and perhaps you can help me," began Mr. Craven som* •what stiffly. " I was "asked to «atra charge of a young lady who was to be on this (train, and I cannot find 'hex. Of course if sbe doe* not want to be found—but I want to be sure there to no mistake. I feel rajsponsiMe in the matter." iA look of ingenuous interest spread over Beverley's face. " Oh, 1 see ; you are looking for come one," be said, as though the explanation took a weight off Ws mind. "Well, I idon't think H oould fcave been (Miss Clark —and that's no He," he'added to himself. The otbor looked relieved. " 'No ; Clark was not the name," he said more cordially. " I am sorry I—she must feavs wondered at my persistence. Evident ly my charge did not come after all. Thank you." * "Oh, tort's all night," said Beverley, starting to escape. He got no farther than the door, however. " I wish you'd explain eJhout that tele eraxa," Mr. Craven wJd, a took of sus picion coming back to his face. " The names really "were—how did you know mine ?" Beverley longed to answer, " Because I'm your wife's husband," but smothered *be Impulse. "Oh, thaiwwass s sill an absurd bit of fooling. I'm sorry for It now," he eaid ■vaguely. " I must have seen your name on your (baggage—it was very familiar to me. If you'll excuse me—Miss Clark 7> " I ebould like to apologise to ber for haunting her so persistently," began the other suggestively. ©everley could not tell whether there was suspicion In bis vfanoe or not, but cut him off with a hur iriod: ' "Oh, tbat's all night. I'll explain it DodH trouble," and Aed. " « that bluff Just fasits till Omaha, and I keep my sanftty, we*»H be aU right for <jha .present." ho thought, with a long breath. " FVn- the future—«ood Lord* how can I ever make it rttuare !" He pressed both hands to his forehead, land wondered Hf they were crosrtng a prohibition Stwte. .The cares of a wife and child hung heavily on ihim. (Helen was staring pensively at the glow ing fires cf the prafrfe sunset when he came back to. her. She gave him a little iwJstful smile that made him long to put 9ns head down and tell ber all his troubles. (But be was cruelly shut off from sympathy toy the facts of the case. "He's tired out." she «aid 'with a mo itberty note in her voice. " What can I do for (him ?" 4, "Say nice tiring* to him. He sort of bates bimeelf just now." The words were spoken toto the velvet back of the seat, tout she beaTd. " I'll teTl you," he went on. " Let's drop off 4>he train and go hand In hand acroEs this Ibig green prairie, straight for that little red cloud1 on the edge. It will be wtnfrar when we get •there, and it wUi be -co good to warm our feet tft." ■" And we can drink this wind when we're 1 thirsty. It's just like warm mflk," rche said, tumble hank <to the open window. 1 A Ufetie look oT <btar <bair fluttered V. front of bis eyes. " And tonget tb«.t there If any one in Mm wortd but just ourselves," he added with a videos fiance towards knrer eleven. " You mustn't." she hM half under her •breath. MI understand, of* oourse—l've bean very stupid—ibut you mustn't put it Into word*. Only fia very sorry tor all I've made you bear; You know that, don't you ?" • - . | ©•vet ley was ithorugfcly mystified, but! daS-ded sot snow *t He nodded gravely. When thoy separated that night another month's worth was added to their sense of intimacy. She fell asleep marvelHcg at the bUtud folly of a woman- who could throw away sudh * possession as the love of tails man. " Marguerite, oM -girt, you're not to it," waft h3* last waking thought lA3I the neat day i>t seemed to Beverley a* Vhausa fate were on bie* side. Mr. Craven watched them suspiciously, but he kept to lower eleven. Q&airgueiibe; was never onoe mentioned, nor that lerribie ohßd, whose probeible ace and sax had Icopt him pussllag *n nft dreams. He al most forgot his peril hi the friendly warmth of Helen* manner and the sym pathy of ber gray eyes. They reached J Omaha promptly on time, and he saw lower eleven reach for tab halt and stick. ''tXmoe and take a lltfle walk iwhUe we're here," bjkM Beverley, and they hur ried «rw*y iwiifh 'the gaiety *»f runaway children, she rejoicing thai he could put bis domestic troubles away from hhn. He was a iictle dismayed when tfhey came back to And the >eal Marguerite's) husband strolling up and down tedide the train, but argued that be waa waiting <to meet some one. Possibly the baiby was coming in on another train. Helen climbed up on Che steps of tlhe car and Bevarley 'started back for a paper. " All aboard," come faintly along the 'train. "Oh, (Mr. Craven," she called anxiously. Lower eleven wheeled sharply and came up to her, lifting his hat inquiringly. "No—tl called Mr, Craven," she said In chitly voice. " Ob, pardon mo ; ibut that ts my name, too—CJharles Porter Craven," said the man, bli eyes on her face. She started^ and ■loclcoi at IBeverteiy, who was coming re luctantly across the tracks, a man of guilty misery. He saw 1t was all up. i "AW aboard," sounded again, and'_the train 'began to snore. Beverley &*wung •himself up and so did (Mr. Craven. "'But you get off hero!" exclaimed Be ertey angrily. "'•Jo ; I am going on to Chicago." If be could (have thrown him off Bevarley would have done it. "But the man stood to tlhe protection of the vestibule, and the gM was "between tfaem. Beverley glared '"What will you do tfbout the baby ?" be aald eteraly. Mr. Craven looked amaz ed, th*n smiled sarcastically. '• You may remember 1 received a tele gram," be said. " The people who had my jjttle obtain Ja dnrge were detained in Chicago. I* that satisfactory ?" " Not to me," broke in Mdss Landit. '"Will you kindly explain which of you U Marguntte's husband ?" " I believe I am," aaid Mr. Craven. The other man msde no comment. She turned to him with awful eye». " Well ?" she said quieUy. " I know," he caid. "It was an honost mistake aidbnajt, «nd then I couldn't get out 1 mean I couldn't hear to. 1 knew you'd tttmk I was a cad and an adven turer, and I didtot ace any way to prove to you. that 1 wasn't ." "'No ; I don't believe thiat there Is any way to prove It," said MUss Landl*, and walked away, leaving the two together. Neither spoke for some seconds. Then 'Bfervertey, In hi* imfsery, 'turned to Ms enemy and told him the whole story. " What could I have done ?" he Haded appeaUngry, "TsU ber ia Che Middle of breakfast that! she had found the wrong man ? Think how fiat she would have felt." "Scarcely «o flat as she docs now," com mented the other, tout his tone was not unfriendly. "Keep away for a while and. I'M see what 1 can do." An hour or so later he oame back -to the smoking room and stood drumming on the window with ois Angers. "She hasn't much use for you, I'm afraid," he said finally. "I did what I oould." ■Bererley slept very little that night. •Now and (hen, when the train stopped, a restless movement In the opposite section gave htm faint comfort. A girl does not lie awake from Justified indignation. In the early dawm ho saw Helen, looking very •maM and young *n her wrapper and braided hair, eWp out of her berth with her arms full of thirag* and disappear down fhe aisle. Half an hour later she came back fully dressed, fald some things in her section, and! stole away aga'o. ißeverley, with the memory of last might's cold snub still on him, dressed andufol lowed her. "There's a time for pride, and a time to eat dirt," be reflected. She was standing on the rear platform, and the world was waking up under the first hint of coming sunlight. The train was running slowly, and the air was full of cool stillness. She glanced around at his step, then turned away with a displeased look. "Please let me tell*you how sorry I am," he said humbly. " I've been anything you choose to call me and worse. But I slid into it without quite realising, and then— I'd have done anything to keep you from getting down on me." She turned away a little more positively. " I don't care to discuss the matter," she said. " You've put me in a very unplea sant position and deceived me right and left. I couldn't trust you again." " But I lied very badly. You must hay« noticed that," he pleaded. The memory of Marguerite and the divorce and the postal and her wasted sympathy hardened her face. "I must aek you not.to annoy tme," she said. Beverley stood looking down at her for a moment, then turned away without a word. In a few minutes he waß back again with his bag and sticks. " Will you say good-bye to me?" he said. She looked surprised in spite or herself. " I am going to drop off at the next sta tion.*' he explained, " and go on by another train. tyj being here under the circum stances will annoy you-r-and hurt me. I have taken the liberty of falling in love with you." He saw the struggle going on in her. When she muttered " Good-bye" he knew it was because" Bhe wa» afraid of crying if she said more. "Will you let me leave this with you?" he said, writing his address on his card. "Then, if ever " She glanced at the card, then up at him with a startled air. "Kirk <Bevertoy?" she exclaimed. "Kirk Beverjey! Oh, why didn't you say so in the first place!" "Do you know me?" he asked bewildered. She coloured and looked away. In her mind was a picture of a beach and a small girl following humbly about after a big boy, a nice boy, who ruled the beach sport for the summer, and never dreamed that a little hanger on, in all the humility of flrot love, was yearning to be noticed. They were the same eyes. too. "I did once, years ago; only you didn't know it," she said. The train stopped with a Jerk, and he held out his hand. ''Hwe's my station," said Beverley. But—you haven't heard yet how I know you. Can't you—wait till the next?" she said. 