SWANrT 'S PETS. A STORY OF BOERS AND BRIT'ISHERS. ("Illustrated Mail. "). To tell the truth, I neither admired nor pitied the hungry,. shivering crowd of burghers, Uitlander volun teers; and burgher "ghosts" that made up the Johannesburg commando to cope with the recent native distur bances in Magatoland, as it disem harked at- Pietpotgietersrust, the, at that time, rail-head of the Zoutpons berg line. The seeds of dissension had already been sown in the ranks owing to the rascally and slipshod way things had been managed, the offi cers, one and all, wrangling as to superiority, and totally unable to maintain discipline. I should have stood there longer gazing at the hope less mass if it had not been that I was drenched to the skin after a ride from Pietersburg, and old Harry Swan, a Britisher railway ganger,- or "lengths man," as they are called, was en deavouring to get me away to his hut for a change and a drop of some thing to keep the cold out. "Fine lot of warriors," I remarked sarcastically as we moved off. "Ugly, dirty ruffians I calls 'em," grunted Swan. "Rare owd picnic they thought a having, I warrant. But it just sarves 'em glad, says I, and I wishes 'em luck with owd M'Pefu may he-" -"Hush," I said; "treason, H-arry, treason." The old man toned down a bit at my admonishment. "Well," he continued, thoughtfully, "I never were one to wish a white man licked by a kaflfir; but, jigger me! it do go agen the grain to see them commandants and field-cornets fos sicking about as if they was little orl mighties, instead of iggerant idiots what can't look a white man in the face. Lor, bless ye, I knows the ras cals! But here's your health, mis ter." The neat drop made me cough and splutter, but old Swan drained his cup without a wink. "Not bad that," he grunted, "but not a patch on the stuff as we used to get down in the, colony on Hex River. Now that was dop, if you likes! Them wtis ,the good owd days whlen South Africa was South Africa. Aund money! Bless ye, instead of 'em a-coming up as they does now, with tJie pay in small bags and notes, deal ifig it out to a blessed ticky, they used to dump a fev barrer loads o' suvrins on a sail, and each man do a go-as yer-please till he were more or less satisfied. We looked at nuthin' un der a half-a-dollar piece then." How long Swan would have gone on with his alcoholic and financial re miniscences I am unable to say, for just at that juncture something be neath me gave way, and I was thrown from my seat across the hut. I made a grasp at the old man to save my self, and brought him over as well. "Hullo, what's happening now?" I said, as I picked myself up, and helped him to his feet again. Swan rubbed his arm briskly for a moment, and then gazed ruefully at the rough floor boards, which had for some reason, mysterious to me, sud denly collapsed across the corner where I had been seated. "Them pets o' mine up to mischief again, I reckon; but, bless ye, I ain't got the heart to cuss 'em, all said and done." "Your what?" I cried, moving out of further harm's way towards the door. "My Dets, mister. You don't mean to say as you ain't heerd of Swan's pets, and.you been up along the line some five times now, ain't it?" I nodded acquiescence. Strictly speaking, I had heard reference made on one or two occasions to Swan's pets, but of their actual identity I was un aware. "I've heard them mentioned," I said, "but I had no idea they came of such a dangerous stock as they seem to. I suppose you keep them outside under the flooring. What. are they? Rab bits, guinea pigs, rats, or what?" "You ain't much used to roughing it or veldt life at all, I'm reck'ning, or you'd a knowed a few of 'em afore, now," chuckled Swan. "Fust of all," he began, "if you've heerd the yarn afore, I dries up afore I starts, cos they says as I'm mighty fond o' telling it. Folks as has heard it afore is allays a-nudging each other, and codding as if they hadn't when I mention the subjick." "Well, then, -Swan, I'll swear-" "'Nough swearing on railway jobs without you starting, mister. Any how, I believe you, so here goes. "Of course I'm getting on in years now, night on sixty I count-and you was a youngster, I reckon; but, any. how, you'll have eerd tell of them days-twenty year ago, nearly-when we has that bit of a argyment with the Boers, and, getting no sorter satis faction like, billets a few Highlanders in Pretoria. just to show as how things didn't suit us, somehow." "Just about that time," continued the old man, "I left the colony and did a trek up to see what like the country were. I had heerd of gold up this way; so me and a pal shoul ders our blankets one fine day, and starts off. W/lhen we passed thlrough Pretoria things was quiet enough, and no one thought o' much trouble ahead from the Dutchmen. "Weli, after two weeks easy going, we gets up to Smitsdorp-there worn't no Pitersbumrg in them (lays-cand after a few weeks' quiet prospecting of no great account, we arrives in the dorp one night to hear as how things was going serious since we left, and a Bri tish garrison established at Marabastad some few miles off. Them Dutchmen looked at us nasty when we come in, and, knowing tha' breed, I says to Jim, my pal, as how we should join our countrymeii sharp as possible. All well and good, so me and Jim borrers a horse each from a farmer we knowed of-on the quiet sure enough-and manages to get in with the British lot in a couIpIme o' hours. The news had just come up of the lively times they was having in Pretoria, and the cnum'n-I uiroet his name now-was a lookiing a bit sick, I can tell you, as to our chances o' getting out of it all right. We was only forty odd strong, and ve knowed them Dutchmen 'd be playing freeze out afore long if we got no help to clear the country for sup plies, 'cos they was shifting the cattle and mealies, and it ain't no joke to feed forty hungr'y sojers and keep 'em fit, "Afore I goes further you must just understand as how we was placed. We are here now in Pictpotgictsersrust, some 130 odd miles from Pretoria; and Marabastad, as you knows. lays still 30 north of this, making in all 160 from headquarters. Well, things growed so warm and nasty like at last that the cap'n calls for volunteers to take despatches, as they calls 'em, to Pretoria. If we was to howd the position we must get reinforced or iggorminnersly clear dut, and get shot for the finish. When he says this, I looks across at Jim, and I says, 'Are ye game, mate, for the trip?' "'Right,' he says, 'if you care to chance it. May as well die in the open than starved like a lot of rats in a hole.' "And the end of it were, me and Jimn gets off one night, and keeps away to the hills till morning, when we rests for a few hours, frightens an owd Kaffir 'ooman into giving us a pocket of mealies, and then on again. 0' course we had to keep getting on. to the transport road for calling in at one of the few stores after dark for 'skof.' Them storekeepers was good sorts, and if they did smell our game they never split, and allays give us the nod when Dutchmen was knocking around. Anyhow, all wont swimming for three dclays, till we etruck a store kep' by a Britisher. but only to find the place seemingly deserted, and the 'baas' cleared out. Jimmy warned me to mind out and go easy; but being hungry at the time, and not over wet, 'I walks across out o' the bush as bold as brass, and enters the shanty. It hadn't been built long; in fact, when we come up the chap as run the show was doing business under a bit of sail till he had time to get properly started. As I was a-saying, in I goes and knocks on the counter. I hears voices out side, but as nobody seems to be on duty, and them bottles a bit tanter lising, I just slips across the board and was a-lifting a bottle for a good owd swig, intending to plank down later on, when two fellers, Dutchmen, both on 'em, rushes in from the back and has me by the arms aforo l'd half a chance to wet me whistle. " 'Hold hard a minit,' I says, landing out and stretching one of 'em across the counter. But the other chap worn't waiting for his turn so easy, and just lands me one over the nut with his whip-stock, kInocking me silly for a time. -He happend to have a lot of pals out behind-tile beggars had been doing a loot-sitting round the cook-shed lire enjying theirselves with hot corfee, gin, and sardines, a mopping up the oil proper, the greasy warmints! "I knowed I were in for it hot in some way or 'nuther, and only hoped as Jim 'd get clear with tile papers, though I knowed as he'd not give me the slip unless forced to. Anyhow, afore they had me DroDorly fastened up with bridle straps as they'd lifted from the store, across comes Mister Jim to look for me, and falls into the same trap; only he has a bit better show than me to start with, and nearly puts one Dutchman to sleep for ever afore he was done up. Knowing a good bit of the Dutch lingo, I under stood most of what was going on atween 'em, and the dop wern't im proving the chances for us by no manner o' means. Then they started a-calling us blank blank rooineks, and chucking hot ashes on to us. burning our shirts, and skins as well. I can tell ye, I should just have liked to have had a fair show with me dukes for a couple of minutes, with them rifles out of sight. Me and Jim would have cleared the floor o' the scam In two ticks; like we dlone one night when we was up Kimberley way to gether, when ten hulking devils of Dutchmen set on us in Nell MortLcn's bar, just outside the township. "'Now voetzak, verdomde rooinek. says one, meaning, of course, as I daresay you know, for Jim to clear out as sharp as he knowed how to. Jim looks round at me as if to say, 'STall I mate?' "'Go, lad,' I says, 'and don't forgit what we was after. I'11 look after nieself-good-by.' 'With that he turns round quiet like to clear; but I seed he were that mad leaving me with them devils. Afore he gets twenty yards off one o' the Dutchmen gives the word, and bang goes five rifles. Through the smoke I seed poor owd Jim give a leap in the air and then fall as dead as a herring! Them cowardly hounds just laughed, and perceeded to ram down another charge, which I expected meant old Harry Swan's turn were a coming next. "'If you are a-going to shoot me, for God's sake treat me as a man andl not a dog,' I says. But the chap as had struck me turns round and says, 'No, Mynheer rooinek, two big English buck in one day is spoiling sport; so we keeps you for another time.' And with this they hoists me up atween 'em and carries me into the store and lays me up in a corner. Then they bolts up the door on to the rotill, and after remarking something about not wanting more sport till Sunday-it was Friday then, I reckon-and having an other estate to visit, they might not call for a time, and hoped as I'd make myself at home till then. After that they gags me, gives me a parting kick each--the fust Dutchmen as ever had tooni the liberty, and the last while Hlarry Swan can watch it-and clears out." Here Swan took a lengthy pull at his cui, and wiped his mouth with his shirt sleeve. "Not any mor~e for me just now," I said, as he held np the bottle in sinuatingly. "I'm interestel to hear how you got out of such a terrible predicament." "Predickyment worn't no word for it," lie muttemed. "I were just a coming to tile part you wants to hear of; but I always has to have a tot and a fresh fill afora I gets up steam to finish the trii. "Well," resumed Swan, a fter he had "lired up'" am ho cailed it, aid'' "got the regulator epn,'" "I can tell you, mister, 'twornt Illeasant like laying there with an cmulty belly and a pros pee' o' two days without skof, and a domno o' leaId to top up with. s'lmosing as I didn't peg out aforehand. "I were feeling deal heat anyhow, andl it worn't long afore I goes off to sleep. \Vhen I wakes up it were dark mis o'd I-larry. and I knroweud as I must have slept a goodislm stm'etch, see- I ing as lmow it were not midday whlen the Dutchmen left me. I'd fuddled about enough afore going off to know it were 11o go a-trying to get arms and hands free, for them. murderers had strapped 'em close down to my body afore leaving, and my legs was tight up together as well. I shifts my position as much as I could to ease myself a bit, and it were then I feels a lot of little things a-running over one o' my hands, and a-tickling like blazes-just 'cos I worn't in no way able to scratch, I reckon. I gives a extry effort to turn over a bit, when somethink gives all of a sudden like, and I feels the pressure slacken a goodish bit. No, you ain't far wrong, mister. Thom straps was busted sure as I sits here to-day and tells the yarn; though what proverdenco 'd done me the turn I didn't take no trouble to find out just then. In five minutes I was clear o' the whole ca boodile. I were as stiff as a rail, true;' hut that weared off afore long, when I finds a match in my pocket and lights up cautious-like for a squint round the shanty. All seemingly quiet, I opens the door leading to the back, and peeps out, o' course having a bit o' bush stuff I'd picked up from under the counter handy in case of accidents. O'course a durn rat just fixes on that time to do a summerset from one o' the shelves with a wump on to the counter, and very near scares what' wits I has left out o' my body." "Ahl! them reck'lections makes me boil," he went on sort of apologeti cally, picking up the plate he had sent flying on to the floor. "Well, 'to get on with the yarn, ppor old Jim still lay out there where he were murdered, and I tells you I shivered as I thinked as what his body might look like if left there all the next day in the baking sun. I haid no time to lose if I were to keep clearl% o' the bullets; but 1 spares a hour just to dig a bit of a hole to dump my poor owd pal into, lust of all taking the paper off of him, as them hounds 'd never as much as gived him a parting kick as I could see. I asks ye, mister. what sort of a show has a Britisher had with them Dutchmen since? We as has made 'em everythink wvhat they is, and what is they doing for us at the present day? I respec's law; I re spec's order. But afore I pegs out I hopes to see that time, when me, add. you, and all of us'll wipe out what we ain't had a chance of doing proper up to now." "But the pets?" I said, as Swan brought his story to a conclusion, and' sat viciously puffing at his pipe, mut tering to himself the while. "Ahi, Swan's pets, them as saved his life that night, and tumbles you over just now-them's white ants. Ye see, that storekeeper hadn't got no' tar for the bottoms o' the posts of his shanty like nowadays, and my pets fixes on that there night for to do a fossick round like to see as how much they could get away with afore the bans come back. Bless ye, mister, them little warmints" (going to the collapsed corner of the hut floor and pulling forth a handful of the red, gritty crust with which these de stroyers cover the object of their at tack, together with a few wandering specimens of .the tribe) " '11 eat any thing bar a steel rail, and a nice piece o' leather strap or a shoe is just their mark, and my straps were greasy with sardine oil." 