CHRISTIAN CONVENTION. In accordance with resolutions passed at the last annual conferences of the different branches of the Methodist Church, a con-<*> vention for the deepening of spiritual life v.-as opened in the i'irie-street Church, on Tuesday afternoon. The attendance was large, and included ministers and laymen of the Wcslevan, Primitive Methodist, and Uible Christian denominations. Ulie Rev. J. D. Langsford (president of the Wesleyan Conference) took charge of the Eession, which, was ior the most part de voted to religious exercises. Tiie Chairman explained the object ot the gathering, and defined spiritual life" as the life of ths Divine Spirit imparted to the human soul. The early church had been indebted to the power of the Holy Ghost for its success, and force, and if they were to obtain permanent benefit from these gatherings they must allow themselves to be operated on by the Spirit of God. Tlks Rev- J. J. Salmon took for his Eubject, "Our need." His address was aptly illustrated, and many useful and in t-tructive lessons were gathered from the I) is tori- of the church, especially in the earlier times ihe Rev. E. T. Cos spoke on "Simplicity of faith." He believed that they were standing in the sea of God a power, but they wanted ttcrsonal adjustment. They needed to individuality. God, and any man who was in contact with Him, formed a church. The Holy Ghost was present in tiie world, and only needed to be admit ted to the individual life. He thought that there w&s; not such a. widespread lack of faith as was sometimes supposed, but there was a very apparent lack of feeling. This could only be- remedied by the inrusiiina into the soul of the realisation of God. i When this should be accomplished, forms ! of service and usefulness would be readily i found. A timple faith, and the Iving hold ! of God was the Divine method by which ; communion between the human soul and God could be established and maintained. The Key. O. Lake (president of the Bible Christian Conference) took the chair at the evening session. The Rev. Ji. Gratton spoke on '"Perse verance m prayer." He believed with Hugh Miller, that prayer was an organ of euch vast compass that no fingers had ever yet been able to touch all the keys. It stretched along all the measurements of man's wants, and of God's infinite re sources. They needed the life of God to flow into the soul, and this would be accomplished if the channels were kept clean. The ocean was illimitable, hut be fore accommodation could be made for trading vessels a large amount of dredging would be necessary. There was something analogous to this in the spiritual life of man. God was waiting to energise witn His power, but it was the business of Chris tian i>eople to make the way clear for His inflowine- The Rev. W. A- Potts, in speaking on '"Perseverance ,in prayer," referred to Abraham. Moses, and Elijah as Old Testa ment examples of it, and the teachings and example of Jesus as illustrating its usefulness. The holiest men and women had been great suppliants. They were saints because they persevered, and they persevered because they were saints. Witt ! earthly benefactors the greater the suppli ant the quicker lie succeeded, but that was not God's way. Prayer was not a gol den button that turned on the supply when touched. It was God's condition of the bestowal of blessings. The line of in tercett-ion was the line of Divine enrich- Tuent. In order to perseverance in prayer there must be unity of purpose, j \Vhile there were various temperaments and manifoVd, methods of operation, there must be oneness of aim. Oneness of tem p?r.ui!ent, disposition, a nd character would be fatal to iierseyerance. They needed varie ty ta s<ve cohesion and steadfastness. The ncc!eus of the Christian Church was in the upper room at Jerusalem—ft few humble, unlettered, imperfect folk—but they knew what they needed, and they waited till tbev pot it. and as the result revolution ised the world. The Convention will be continued to day. 