[?] AN AUSTRALIAN STOKY. (BY B. ARNOLD NELSON.) EPILOGUE.— (Continued.) Just a year from the day of AurandaTe fieatli, Sir Noel Erringdean's yacht again sail ed up the South Channel of Port. Phillip Bay, and cast anchor off Mount Heriot; the old ca Boe was lowered and rowed to the entrance of I tlie lagoon, then up the river, to the landing I jilace. Sir Noel landed, and took the footpatli lie remembered so well across the flat under tbe honeysuckles and gums. Presently he atGod. still and gazed on the well- remenlbered eceue; it was little changed, but one sad evi dence of the past was visible. Yonder in the distance, under the dark she-oaks on the hill, where had once been no visible s'gn of those who slept there, a tall white shaft of marble, vrith a kneeling figure of Peace at its foot, rose in mournful, silent purity. He knew what it meant, but. he did not know the pa thetic inscription, that was upon it: 'Thora. ' 'Thine eyes shall behold the King in His . beauty.' ' Xor the one who had placed it there. He looked long towards it, pain and regret in his lieart. No one knew that he, a wanderer, ; uad returned that day with thoughts and hopes in his breast too vague, shadowy, and mysterious for words. He had felt impelled to visit Bellarine first, alone and.unexpected. He -would* wander x-ound the old place where the best joys of life had been offered him, and, tu his undoing, cast aside. He looked across the gully to the old placel The new timber, planted by Thekla Grey etcne, when she had entered on what she thought would be her long residence in that quiet spot, had grown, and almost hidden the house from view, but the two creeper-covered gables showed well denned; and on the south tide Thora's old rooms he remembered with a pang. The shutters were opened, and the panes of glass flashed in the dying sunlight. He vaulted over the gate, and passed up. the avenue, with its deepening twilight shadows; he strolled on, past the turn where he had been accustomed in bygone times to look back at the beautiful girl whom he had loved so well standing smiling on the terrace. He leant a 'moment against a tree bole, and look ed on lawn, terrace, and walls: then he walk ed up the steps. He pushed the hall door, it sluing open, and Sir Noel was once more at Bellarine. All was just as he remembered it so many years ago, even to the sun's rays pouring over tlie dark floor. He wondered where the nia dre and his child were— probably in England. He hoped he would not startle the old lady by coming on her suddenly, if she were still at Bellarine. He went down the corridor, and entered the library. As he stood upon the hearthrug leaning against the mantelpiece, and feeling rlie stillness and solitude almost awful, some thing in a big armchair moved. As it came . to the floor with a thump, Sir Neel saw it was a tiny, grey mass of hair— a little, old dog. 'Why, Jack! is this you?' he exclaimed in surprise. As the animal heard his voice, its frantic emotion was painful. Sir Noel knelt clown, and the creature stood upon its hind legs, and laid its forepaws round his neck, dabbing its little, rough head and pink tongue against the man's face, the wild little eyes sparkling and scintillating with joyful excite ment. Erringdean held the little, coarse- haired body close to him, and felt the thumping of its faithful heart against the tiny ribs, remem bering the agonising night when he had last . looked upon it. But presently Jack took some fresh freak of welcoming, and, with sharp barks, dashed out into the corridor, then down to the hall. After barking fiercely for a mo ment, he galloped back to the library and leapt wildly on Erringdean's knee, who had seated himself in the armchair. The dog gave Sir Noel's beard another dab or two, then dashed off again with impatient j barks, coming back presently and sitting down on the floor, with his eyes fixed on the door in excited expectation. Erringdean, im pelled by the fascination of the little dog's gaze, felt himself watching the door, too. Suddenly and softly it was pushed wide open —a woman had followed the dog; her soft footfall had not s&unded.; As her figure showed against the light from the corridor window, Erringdean made a movement to rise, but sank back in the chair, the room ewimming round and his breath growing choked. Then a cry broke from his white lips as he sprang up. 'Valkyrie! woman or ghost, speak to me!' He was beside her, and the form he clasped was human substance. He carried the senseless woman to the win dow, and, dashing open sashes and shutters, lifted her head and looked again upon the face he had last seen tossing on the angry sea in a lifeboat — the face that he had mourned so long and deeply as buried in the ocean. He let her head lie back on his arm, and looked upon the features he knew so well; they were little changed — more beautiful in their snowy paleness, if anything. On one hand still gleamed the ruby ring that he had placed there. 'Thanks to Thee, oh, loving Father of mer cies,' lie prayed silently— 'happiness lias come again to earth, and to — even me.' On the night of the wreck of the Siren, after they had all been safely lowered into the life boat, and were waiting to pick up Sir Noel when he should leap from the deck, a wave— the same that had dashed him against the iron bulwark— had swamped the boat, and thrown them all into the sea. Valkyrie remembered nothing more until she awoke and found her self on board a vessel bound for New Caledo nia. They told her how, the day following the great storm which had wrecked the Siren, the crew of a French ship, which had taken shelter from the storm in a sinaji bay, heard a voice — a woman's voice— rising weirdly in musical cadence from the bosom of the wa ters. No beat was visible on the swell caus ed by the waters thundering in from the tem pest-tossed ocean. In terror the startled sea men listened; again the voice came, nearer this time, they conld distinguish the nationali ty; it was an English voice. At last, drifting past/ the ship, they saw the singer, a woman wit^ a life-belt round her, floating face up wards in the water, with wild delirious eyes fixed on space, singing, shrill and clear, an old ballad*. They rescued her, and to-.k every care of her, these saltwater Samaruans; but they were obliged to take her on with them to their destination— New Caledonia. When the captain questioned her, after hearing her incoherent story, he concluded that the wreck of which she spoke had occur red near the sheltered, waters cf the bay, and the 6wift rush of water coming in had caught her in its channel, and,, aided by the life-belt, braced her swiftly through the inlet, and hurled her unconscious, but still living, into shoal water. After the storm bad sub sided, she drifted about until, discovered by them.-' .??'?? ??-'? ? ???'???? - '. ... 'Were any others saved, do you think?' Valkyrie inquired eadly. The officer shook his head/ 'We searched the bay from shore to shore, but could discover no other- survivors.' Valkyrie lay in half-dazed' thought. rHer life nadl)een saved, but of wh^t value was H to her? ;:; The- man jphe had loved sd.weU-ivae lying, with all his sins fathoms deep in the ocean, and she bad to face the world again tod lira That night she was in Drain fefrer, aM for days lay at death's gateway;- -The vessel -reached port, and she was placed in the Go vernment hospital. The doctors listened to the ravings of the unfortunate gM, and what they heard resulted In a cable .tojithe Victorian Government-jus^ a week after Thora's death, '-^inquiries were made af Lon-»reach as to ',^riio had lost til- Jriend, a lady,-in;an.y of t&e; recent shipwrecks. .: Valkyrie Greystone was the only; one miss ing from there; could it be her? ? Erringdean was away,' and they did not know where he had gone. But' Grace, Alec, ?and Sir James M'Intosh, by the next boat, started for New Caledonia. After an anxious journey, they entered tbe hospital ward, and in the shrunken features, wasted form, and dark cropped liair of: the waif of the sea, they recognised Valkyrie. Valkyrie was too weak to feel surprised; she eeemed to look upon their coming as a matter of course. 'Grace, dear Grace, don't cry for me, you would not if you knew all,' she said, as Grace .stood sobbing by her bedside. 'You all look grieved for me, and I can neither pray, nor cry for. myself.' She wandered wearily on, half deliriously speaking, of tbe wreck, and of Sir NoeL The Andersons thought she was confusing tlie one with, the other; only Sir James, with his wisdom of years, felt that something was ? and had been amiss with Sir Noel and his j wife's sister, and that for them some connec- j tiozi lay between the wrecks of yacht and j liner. He locked, his doubts and sus- j picions in his own breast, however, until Val- ? kyrie's mind was recovering mental balance, ! and before Grace and Alec could question her he took an opportunity 'of putting her on her j guard. - - . ! 'Have you heard that the mail boat in I which your passage was taken to Europe has been wrecked V' he inquired; 'and that you were the only passenger, saved?' 'Yes! they told me a mail boat was lost,' j the girl replied listlessly. Sir James laid his hand on her sleeve, and looked steadily in her , eyes as he spoke. j 'Your passage was taken in that mail boat' : he said impressively; 'and to all intents and purposes you sailed in her — you were in her when, in a dreadful tempest, she met her doom. Your friends believed you were saved from that wreck by a miracle; it would be a useless shock undeceiving them. The wreck ; will never be mentioned in your presence, as it would be terrible for you to speak of your dreadful experiences— you understand?' , Valkyrie had gazed in startled aniazeiment at Sir James as be spoke, and with reawak ening inteligence in her eyes. She had not seriously thought, as yet/? of the world; she; wculd have to face its judicial examination, ! and she had taken no thought to screen her self. The terrible consequences of the truth being known came to her; she could regret and grow sad, at least, in secret, but the true story of that one night must never be known. i She made no reply to Sir James, but kissed his brown hands in humble thankfulness, as he continued: i 'On the evening of the day your ship left Port Jackson Sir Noel Erringdean's yacht put out from Sydney harbor also.' Valkyrie leant back with parched blue lips; the old gentle man spoke gently now. 'I have a joyful surprise for you. my dear. You can, perhaps, guess it?' Valkyrie shook her head eadly 'The yacht encountered a dreadful storm, and all on board, with the exception of Sir Noel, were lost' Valkyrie sprang up as if with an electric shock. 'Noel saved!' she gasped. 'Why did you not tell me before?' 'If it is such joyful news to you, what must it have been to his poor wife?' Sir James said with stem reminder. Valkyrie cowered down, and in that mo ment she realised what tlie shame of the life she had chosen might have been had she not been saved from It at the' eleventh hour. 'Sir Noel left Australia weeks ago, going no one knows whither. He is a s-adly chang ed man. He believes you were lost. You are needed at Bellarine; there is work for you there.' He was .rising, but she stopped him. 'I have been very wicked, Sir James,' she said humbly and pleadingly, 'and heaven has been good and forgiving to me in sending you io me. I am sorry for what I have done. Now tell me of Thora; is she with Noel, or is she at -Bellarine?' . 'Lady Erringdean is at Bellarine!' 'And is she well?' 'It is well with her,' he replied, solemnly. 'Does she ask for me? Does she know I am saved?' the sufferer questioned. 'I believe she knows you are saved! When last I saw her she spoke lovingly of you.' After a moment, Valkyrie spoke again. 'Will you send a message to Thora from me?' Sir James was silent. 'What is the matter? Why are you so strange when I speak of my sister?' she cried, raising herself on her elbow. 'Why is she at Bellarine and Noel away? Does she know does she think ? But, no! You told me j none knew.' A pause, and with an awe- j struck look of intelligence on her face, her ! voice grew deep as she asked one question more: 'Is Thora — dead?' And Sir James stood si lent with acquiescent head. Her grasp upon his hand relaxed, and with, a white, stricken face she fell back insensible. : * * * * They brought her home to Longreaeh, and j she eventually elected to reside in Bellarine. Her brother and aunt in Europe urged her to come home, but she was afraid of the ocean journey. Some day she might venture, but for the present she would live quietly in the old house with the madre and take care of Thora's child. During those years of penitence and regret she walked day by day to her sister's grave on the hill, and looked across it over the wa ters sparkling in the summer sunshine, or sobbing beneath a sky where winter's grey tresses were floating, none save herself know ing for what she was watching. '' 'I knew you would come back some day,' she murmured to Sir Noel after .telling him the story of her rescue; 'and so I waited and watched tlie years away.' \ And as Sir Noel clasped to his breast the wo man who had changed his life's story, he felt that out of great evil and great repentance had come to him good. (The End.) 