MISCELLANEOUS. “ Are there any. ghosts in that old house at nights?” I once on a time asked a small country boy 61 nine, years, who was stand ing near a dilapidated and deserted farm house. . ‘‘No/’ replied the lad, “ there’s no ghosts go there at night, hut there’s plenty piLswaggies” “ Riglitj my hoy,” said I admiring the little chap’s; practical com momsense (view of the: withstanding that the locality was a rather lonely and eerie ohe, and there was really an uncanny look about the deserted old farm bouse, such as we see in pictures of jgUegedghpat haunted habitations. But here, right in the centre of Bendigo city, iriite busiest street, within four. Hun dred, yards of the railway, station we have , a “ ghost ” .haunting a gold buyer’s office. Ho is a noisy “ghost.” He makes noises as if he were in the habit of detaching glass chandeliers from their moorings, and letting them go to smash on iho floor. He hammers and hammers at safe " doors but don’t leave a mark of his ghostly tools on the said safe doors, "which, of counse, is indisputable evidence of his ghostship. He tries doors and windows and he escapes in the darkness before a bullet can. catch up to him. He is an industrious ghost, and he selects 3 o’clock in the morning as a favorite hour for hanging into liia work with a pestle arid mortar; These and other tiling the) Mitchell street ghost does, or is alleged to do, and no one can find rhyme or reason for his so occupying himself, nofr* getting a glimpse of him when so occupied. All manner of solu tions—more or Jess off eared. The solutions vary in vigor and pungency from hot nitric acid to weak cold vinegar. But hone of them seem to hit it. WeTI have to get Bishop Thornton to coine over and lay this ghost. .His right reverend lordship is, according to a little story he wrote lately for an English maga zine, an expert in the laying of ghosts. iWberi only a young.curate he once settled the hash of a country house ghost by dis covering that the squeaking and scream ing of the thing was due to a leak in a gaspipe running through the cellars on the ground floor.' If the bishop can't spare tame from his engagements at street cor ner (crossings with the Bharat police, can’t the case he submitted to him in writing, and his lordship’s directions ho taken for the guidance of one of our local clergymen? The Chief Secretary has been turning this J.P.’s of the country into ridicule. At the Premier's banquet to the Federal peo ple now pickniddng and exchanging ideas m Melbourne Mr; Peacock, we are told, created much' diversion by organising a mock deputation. It is reported: —“ A mock deputation was organised by Mr. Peacock, the. Chief Secretary. He in duced Mr. Reid and Mr. Kingston to in troduce himself arid Mr. Heakm, Mr. Fester (Minister of. Mines), and Mr. Mason (Speaker) to Sir "Henry Cuthbert, to urge-the necessity for the appointment of more magistrates in a certain electorate. Tbo two missing Premiers appreciated the joke, arid their deputation had no difficulty in erecting a tall structure of argument in support of their request, and they were slightly more candid than on public occasions. Sir . Henry Cuthbert, after alluding to the ‘Federal Spirit * which actuated the distinguished politicians in making the request, said ho was familiar with all the arguments put forward. They were a splendid summery of all stock arguments, with the exception that he bad not prefriously received so many assur ances about the ability of'the deputation’s nominees to - write! their names. Those assurances made him suspicious,- and, of course, he would have to “ consider ” the request.” Wo ought to have a mass meeting convened- of J.P.’s'to re sent tins insult —tills satirical at tack on their educational ac quirements,- end this letting the cat out of the bag generally for the entertainment of a lot of professional politicians. There is new news of little A. S, Gordon, the travelling-philanthropist. Some one has posted' me a copy of the Perth Sunday Times of the 8fch inst. Little Gordon is in it. A report in the paper is headed in big capitals 