THE STORYTELLER. .-,-. THE CIRCUS CLOWN'S TALE. " You're a queer lot you circus fellows. I asked one of the crowd to have a drink, and he quietly said he wasn't taking any, and went on with his cigarette just as if he was a camel, and only took in his liquor once a month or so, in quantities. Is that the way with all of them ?" "Well, pretty much so," was the reilly. Circus turn are very good judges of whiskey when they are not working ; but so long as they've got to take their turns, it is as much us their- billets are worth, not to say their limbs and lives, if they lift their little fingers. Many never take a drop. A circus man that misses his tip soon gets chin music from the manager. You see, some of the work that's done in the ring now-a-days is just touch and go and so much depends on the performer being in perfect accord with his partner, that one little drop of whiskey will cruel the whole act. Out of collar circus men are no better than any other sorts. In fact, I have known many who are the worst, especially cattle leads and knock-about men." The conversation had started in a little back parlour, where a veteran circus man was being cautiously drawn by a newspaper scribe on the trail for copy. " - "You've seen a lot of circus life in your time I expect?" said the N.S. " Well, yes." said the veteran, whom we'll call By filer, man and boy, for 60 yours I pulled on and pulled off the ? fleshing pretty nearly every day of my "How did you start? Give us it little of your' history. MR. up first, though, Two more long Wales, Miss, and Bu fiver, will you have a smoke ?" Butter had a cigar, and after a long and ruminative pull at his power, said, "Now, don't you be putting any of my yarn into the blooming papers. once, when a kid, told a newspaper chap a little story about my getting picked for missing at the horizontal bars twice in one turn, and next day there was a column in the Shorter, headed in big letters, Circus Misery I Cruelty to Helpless Children ! ! Spangles Hiding Rankling Sores ! ! ' and a lot more t-nmiuyrot. Our old man got so savage that if had found out who did the chin- chinning he'd have thrashed me till there was no more room for wools on my bride. But the reporter had good sense enough not to let on, and, strange to say, business in the tent, which had been a bit quietly, picked up wonderfully after that article appeared. The women came flocking in crowds to see the ' poor little darlings that were whipped like dogs just the same as folk crowd into a menagerie to see the lion that has chewed up his keeper. Mind you, I don't mean to say that there's not a good deal of whip, and, sometimes, worse with some circus men, but, like the sweeps, who used to wallop their climbing boys and burn , straw in the chimneys to take em wriggle out of a tight six in a blue, it's pretty well a thing of the past. There was old Zeph, never mind his real name, and his two boys. One of them he used to bring on packed in a small carpet ' bag, and drop him out as a surprise to the audience. lied whip these two poor little devils with a whalebone ' tickler until the blood came for the slightest slip at practice, and even during the performance when they were off at the wings for a moment or two, he used to work the halls, you know the way he had of freshening 'em up was a caution. He trained dogs as well, and the kids often caught it hotter than the whelps. But, law bless nicely turned 'em out splendid. Fourteen years' apprenticeship they served to him, and shared for six years more, and then they chucked him up, went out on their own, got to America, and swept in the , dollars by bags full. Old Zeph is dead. He used to do the shoulder-spring somersaults. butgotstiff,andabit given to drink. At last he knocked his spine out, was taken to the hospital, and passed in his checks. I expect the boys are dead too ; it ain't many of us live to my age." Ruminalively, the old circus man took another pull at his power. " But what about your own experience? What happened to you as a boy V "Happened to me? Why, most everything. I was one of three that our boss had got hold of God only knows how. I don't recollect much about my father or mother. I know I was a guttersnipe, and so were my pals. Thooldmanand his partner took us into nearly every town and village in England. vVe worked oufcjOf doors, of course, at fairs and feasts, and so forth; and awful work that busking was In rain or shine we had to face it. The boss played the drum and panders pipes, and then chucked us little ones about with his feet, doing what they now call the Risley act. The partner, Dave, was good at juggling, likewise with the perch. You know, the old trick. You don't often see it now. Held balance a pole from a sling round his waist, and one of us kids would climb to the top and pose there, and make pretence to look in the first door windows It wasn't very hard work if you could keep your balance, but sometimes you'd get a little off touch, and then the man at the bottom end of the pole would feel it poking uncomfortably about his bowels, and he'd send up some mu (lied cuss words that would just scorch a timid youngster until he got used to it. Then we used to do bending and flag flaps, and spirits and one of us could do a bit of dog dancing on a board; and then there was the polo-balancing on the feet. The Japs have since quested that turn. No one can touch them. Sometimes we'd scrape in a lot of coppers. Other times we didn't. Something or other would cruel the pitch." "What's that?" interjected the N.S. " You are drifting into a jargon all your own." "Well, what I mean is a pariah constable would order us to move on, or a shopkeeper, or village marm, or some other all too genteel personage would object to a crowd in front of their windows. Perhaps a school of lenders had been along just before, or a Jump Jim Crow, or a Punch. Anyhow, at the best, the life was hard, with sore bones and short commons. In winter time we'd generally join with some scaflolders-booth people, I mean -who'd a tent of their own, and we'd play in any town where we could get a pitch, until somebody ordered us off. Some of the coves, especially the beaches, wore terrors. I remember one who insisted upon our giving a free gratis nothing show for himself and tribe one winter night after our usual performance had finished, and he carried us out the next day, because our tackler, that's the down, you know, ring in a gag which touched Mr. Beadle's dignity. "' Tell you something about circuses ! All right. I started on that, but some- how you put me off the track. Have another ? I don't care if I do. Top it up this time Miss, with a little of your extra mild. " I got into a circus after a bit. was one of a troupe of Italian acrobats. I couldn't road or write, but I used to know where my name was on the posters. It was a name about a dozen. letters long." " Bifl'alini," suggested the N.S. "I shouldn't wonder. Anyhow, I was getting on in the peries, and earning three quid a week. I That is when the ghost walked, which was not always up to time. That doesn't sound much money nowadays, seeing the high salaries that artists get, but that term artist was scarcely known 50 years ago. It was invented to hide a multitude of sins. The weaker his crowd, the more 'artists' the manager puts in his bill. Testing was a deal better than basking in the streets ; but it was pretty rough. Rain or shine, we had to play twice a day, and then up stick and off to the next place, rarely shipping for two nights in the same bud. The tent hands, they classed in the waggons and picked up their meals as best they could. Folk's in those days didn't care to take in circus people as lodgers. There used to be a joke against us - ' Mary, take the washing off the lines. Here's the circus a cumin'.' Some of our folks had their own waggons, that were used in the procession, fitted up with bunks like aboard ship, and they got along pretty comfortable " i " Processions They were the best part of the show You see in those days there were no coloured pictures for the hoardings. What they call colour printing wasn't invented. It ', was just black on white printing and rough wood blocks, showing horses andtiimhlors, and so forth. So the procession did the work of the printers, and no end of money was spent that way. There were Sands' and Harry's, and Cook's and Uyngoll's, and Qinnott's and Hoiiglor's, all tip-top, with their 10 horses in hand, and about 20 other teams, big and little, with cars that cost a mint of money, gilded and pictured all over, and camels and elephants, and so forth. By and by a circus came over from America- shows mid Cunning's-and they paraded with 40 horses in hand for the hand waggon, and 20 in another, which carried a steam organ you could hear a mile away. They'd about 100 horses, and a big lot of people, and they pretty well public swinish on all the other tout folk- "The great point with a circus was to have something to catch on. Wheat the Crimean war was in full blaze, when a tho in ous parades were strong with ' Detachments of British Guards,' > ' Veterans from the battle-field,' ' Guns captured from the enemy. and so forth., Of course it was a fake. D'ye remember ever hearing about Tom I Thumb, who was the rage in London, i long before the Crimea, and used to drive about in his Liliputian ยก carriage? Well, Cook's circus people, got a complete counterpart of the I little General's turn-out, with four of the prettiest little tit-bits of ponies, a coachman and two footmen in livery, , silk stockings, powdered wigs, et, colorer. It was really good, only the trouble was that there wasn't a boy in the company that the guv'nor would trust to drive, except one of his nephews, and he was a growing tremendous. His legs were about a foot too long for the part, and when perched on the box of the little carriage he had to double 'em up the best way he could. That Jarvey came i in for some chunking, I can tell you. Curious enough, I mob that same young fellow years and years afterwards in the colonies, wearing a little circus of his own. Some ponies and dogs, a trick horse or two and an organ and big drum. Barlow was his name. No, not the Blue Tail Fly man He'd a bit of a band waggon, with a picture of St. George and the dragon painted on it. That was a reminiscence of his old Cook circus days. That dragon piece was a great catch among the yokels in the old country. William Cook, himself, played the hero and rode a big white horse. He dressed in white silk tights, with a red St. George's Cross on his back, and a helmet and spear which broke in the fight, and then hold get off and the horse would go dead from the fumes of the dragon's breath, and St. George would fight the dragon with his sword, and there be a great flare of coloured lights and crackers. The dragon was about 20ft long, basket work of course, and I tell you the fellow inside had a pretty stiff turn while it lasted. After that, Cook worked up 'The Battle of Waterloo,' but it didn't catch on like the dragon. Anyhow, it was a change from Dick Turpin. I'd a singing voice at that time, and when we put up Turpin for the after-piece in our circus, I used to tip 'cm ' Nix my doll, pals, take away.' Never heard that song? I don't suppose you ever did. It's gone the way of 'Hot collars' and "uppity Whit shot.' Colonials would goose 'em if any- body tried to sing the old duties now. But, for, how people used to laugh. " Old time colonial circuses. Did I know much about 'em ? Well, yes. You see I chucked the polish. Get a married to the wisdom of a tent man. ' She used to tend the cake and lolly stall. She taught me to read and write a bit, and we came out to Australia, I and set up a little grocery, and got along pretty well. All the same, I used to keep in touch with the circus boys. Force of habit you know. But those colonial circuses a are very small old potatoes. There was Woirell's, Howe's, Harry Richmond's, and Burton's, and later on Fitzgerald's (they've a swelled out to big things since, and more luck to them still, I say.) Then there was Murray's and Taylor's, and Hayes' and St. Leon's, and a dozen others, but they had to run on very bare lines. Half a dozen horses, about a dozen people, and some dogs, with one lady rider,' generally the wife of the boss, about made up the team. After a bit when the roads got made, they spread out a bit, but then Chi drama, and Cooper and Bailey, and Sell Brothers and Wirth Brothers, and later still Finis's and Fitzgerald's, and later still Pilling's and Fitzgerald's came along with their big shows and knocked the stuffing out of the little ones. But, mind you, they couldn't beat some of the little ones for good riding. " Clowns I How did the old colonial shows get 'em ? Well, just anyhow. They'd advertise six perhaps, and had only one tackler in the crowd, and he a duffer. The rest of 'em would powder up and take a turn between whiles mostly knock- about business. Now and again they'd get hold of a musical clown who could do a short turn with bells and bottles and bones, and such like, but it wasn't real clowning. " Does it take much study to be a clown? f Ah ! you're poking struck at me now. It all depends on a little memory, [don't think the dialogue, plain writ, was ever, seen by mortal man, It's a sort of handed down from one to the other just like the patter of a Cheap Jack at the old country fairs. You've heard 'em ? No I Well, for every article they offer they've a particular pattern, and if there were half-a-dozen Jacks in the fair they would all have the same. I S'pose fine of 'em was selling a hand- saw, he'd say, ' Of all the saws I ever saw saw I never saw saw saw, like this saw saws.' And so would all the test. So with the circus clowns. Why, dear me, the pad-horses got so used to it that they knew to the second when the case came to start again. When the lady rider is a doing her turn, after the first break Joey says, ' Now, Miss, what shall I come for to go for to fetch for to carry for you, and she'll say, ' Balloons.' Her's is a one word part you know, and in will come the papered hoops, and Joey pre- tends they are biscuits, and pokes his finger through one of 'em, making a hole big enough for the girl to see where she jumps. It was all the same in my time, and it is pretty much so now. Why, when I was clowning I tried once to introduce some new eneldo wot a newspaper cove taught me. Pretty good it was, only I didn't quite get the hang of it, and I nearly quested the act. 1 Look here, Bully,' says the ringmaster when we'd gone oil'. ' Don't you try never no more of that. Why blame me, if old Jack didn't miss his tip, and started off with the wrong foot.' Foot, I assure you. It put the old horse quite out. I've seen some broken-down swells try the clowning, but they quickly chuck it up in disgust. ' It's the most aggravating experience,' said one to me, to hear a crowd of idiots laughing over stuff that their grand- fathers and great grandfathers knew by heart. Why don't they lass for a change I ' I knew one newspaper man who tried it, but he was very hard up. Poor old Dix, he's dead now. There was a woman down once down New Zealand way. Her husband was the regular tucker, but took ill, and it was play or scoot, you know, so she just put on his motley, Rugged up her face, and did his turns in the ring until he got better. Plucky, wasn't it? She was playing First Old Woman's parts in a dramatic company not so long ago. Her old man had pegged out. " Pad-horses '( Oh, yes, most of 'em are pretty old. It takes years of train- ing to get 'em steady. You'll read in the bills that Mademoiselle Sound-so will appear on her own highly-trained steed, imported specially from Europe, The fact is, she couldn't got through her business on any other. They learn it together." " Lady acrobats ! What do I think about 'em 1 Well, my boy, it's all right as long as the public will have it, out as an _ oldster, I can mind the time when, if a woman had come into the ring in the present day costume of fleshings and spangles, should have been goosed off. Why, a woman rider had to put on as many muslin petticoats as it ballot dancer wore in those days. I used to do a dance imitating Taglioni, and would make some fun out of dressing-up before the audience. All I dared say was now, don't tickle me,' and the dress I wore would pretty well clothe a whole troupe nowadays. It was the music-halls that first started female acrobats. There was no high trapeze work and aerial fights, and dives into nets and all that sort of thing in my time. I fancy girls take to it better than lads. It pays well when there's a family, say a father and mother and a couple of girls, but the old man of the crowd generally collars all the debts." "Tell you some more! Well, suppose we put in the peg for to-night. Tis now the witching hour,' and the old gal is expecting me. Never goes to bed until I'm safely in. Says she knows a trick worth two of that. So long. We'll meet again on the Rialto."' _ 