A Lawyer who Turned Burglar. A grey-haired man with a prematurely old face shambled into the vestibule of a restaurant one night last year, and pressing his face against tho glass door gazed hungrily in at tho throng around the tables. About three tables from tho door est a man in earnest conversation with another man, who happened to glance up and boo the haggard face pressed against the pane. Bo started, looked intently at the face, and then inmmnn from his chair, ran to the door. He grabbed the arm of the grey haired man, who had started to go away, whispered a few words to him, came back and got his hat and coat, and then left the restaurant. His friend sat at tho table patiently awaiting his return. : The man who went out was a detective, who had come to take back a fugitive from justice, and the man who sat waiting for him was an officer who had been entertaining him. It w&b; almost an hour before the detective returned. He catne in looking very much perturbed, threw himself in hie chair, and said : — 44 Talk about eeeing ghosts 1 1 thought I'd seen one then. That man there has just risen from the grave. The dead live again, or, at tast, 1 know several hundred people who'd think so if they'd seen that man as I saw him looking through that door an hour ago. But lie's flesh and blood, and would you believe it, he's worth £<>00 in the market to-day. If there was i.10,000 reward out against him I wouldn't take him in. Why, there wasn't a qnestiou but what no was dead. That's why I called him a ghost, and ho is but a ghost of what be was a few years ago. Ten ycara ago there was a scries of robberies, evidently the work of an expert cracksmau that we were hard put to it to get a clue to the identity of the man, 1 started on the theory that no local man could do such work. Purglar alarms, safes, aud watchmen were alike of no avail against this individual, and iu uut one instance was a job of his discovered until business hours the following day. Now, about a month heforo these bur- glaries began a young lawyer moved to town, opened an office, took a house in a fashionable part of tho ctty, and, with his wife, began to cut quite a figure in local society, I shall call him James Wright. He seemed to have plcuty of money, and bis wife, who was very pretty, became very popular. As for Wright, he was a handsome young fellow, with the figure of au Apollo, aud a knack of attiring himself in becoming clothes that speedily won for him the reputation of being the best dressed man in town. X went to my room at seven o'clock one morning, having wot-ked all night at one of these robberies. An hour later 1 was aroused by a newspaper reporter, who had assisted uie in several of my cases, and brought me the news that lilauk's bank had been ent- cred during the night, tho vaults opened, and £2,000 stolen. When 1 got to the bank and looked over the gronnd I realised for the first time B what a clever man I had to deal with in running down the author of these B robberies. For a week 1 frequented all the low resorts in town, hoping to get a B cine, but it was all in vain. The tough B characters in town were as much mystified B over these robberies as 1 was. Ever since B the robbery of Blank's bank 1 had carried B with me a brass button that I had fouud B In the vault there. I hadn't much hope B of ever getting hold of iny man ihrough B it, but it was a clue, and, without saying B a word about my find to anybody, I B carried it with me always and just wilted for something to turn up. And something BH finally did turn up. It happened iu this B way B 44 The Wrights gave a fancy dress ball. It was the awelleat social function for B years, and local society turned out to it. B The Chief sent me to that ball to sort of B look oat for things, for the women had all their jewellery out. I suddenly saw B something which made me start. A man B dressed as a costermonger walked across the floor and spoke to a masked lady. B Then he walked out of the hall and went B upstairs. 4 Who was that man ? ' I asked B rather abruptly of a woman 1 had been talking to. 4 1 don't know,' she said, B 4 but if you really want to know 1 can B find out, for the woman he p.pokc to is B onr hostess, Mrs Wright.1 4 1 have a reason for wanting to know,1 I said, and my companion walked across the room B without hesitation, and sat down beside B Mtb Wright. 1 tell yoa L was on the B anxious seat then. Why? Oh, nothing, excepting that on the legs of tho coster- monger's trousers, down at the bottom, there were iittlc rows of brass buttons, B and I had seen that one was missing from BB the left leg, and that tho buttons cor- BB responded with the one 1 found in B Blank's bank. B " Why, that waB Mr Wright said my B messenger, returning ; 4 now take mo out B and got me some coflce.' How 1 wanted to drop her that moment and get to work. But 1 went, she chatting merrily and I with my thoughts anywhere but with her. Whou we got in the hall, out of sight of the other guests, elie spoedily brought me to my senses. Gripping mo by the arm, she looked me squarely in the face and said: 4 See here, you're a detective. 1 know it. Now, what do you want of Mr Wright 1 ' She laughed right in my face. c Are yon going to tell mo or not ? 1 she aald. 'Madam,' X said, for I saw there was uo use trifling with her, 4 1 do not know you, aud if X did 1 would have no right to disclose matters that are confided to me by my superiors. 1 am a detective, here by invitation of your host, to concern myself with the welfare of his guests and to do nothing else. 1 have uot sought to thrust myself on any of tho guests, aud — 1 1 4 You shall tell me this thing at once,1 she said, paying no attention to my apologies. 44 4 You can trust me. Look and see if you can't,' and she raised her mask. I had beeu talking to tho wife of the Presi dent of the Board of Police Com ndssloners, a woman famous there for her cleverness. 4 1 happen to know tho work you've been engaged on of late. I'm In tores ted, too. Is it Wright ? ' I made no answer. Ie it Wright f ' she insisted, stamping her foot. 4 1 cannot talk such things with yon here,' I said. 4 Corno to my house to-morrow,' she said. 4 Before you go, though, let mo warn you to act quickly if you're going to aot at all. Uhese people are nearing the finish.' J called next morning and sho told me the facta. 'Liek aU clever men,' she uid, Wright has a weakness. He adores that wife of hiB and trusts her blindly. ! 1 c has no money save what he gets from time to time, the lifo is dangerous, and it wouldn't surprise mo if she skipped out with ono of our prominent citizens at any timo. If Wright had a suspicion of this he'd kill hor without a doubt. You must act quickly or all your work will be in vain 1 1 . 44 Shortly after ton o'clock tho_ next morning the president of the bank in the city was seated in liis private oflice_whon Mr James Wright's card was handed to him. 4 Show Mr Wright in,' he said, and smiling Mr Wright walkod in aud sat down. 1 Mr President,' he Baid I am going to leave town to-day for good. My wife has already gone, but as 1 h8d a matter of business to alteud to before going 1 stayed over.4 4 Exactly, Mr Wright, exactly,' said the president. 4 1 want a cheque for £4000/ said Wright. 4 A pretty large amount/ said the presi dent. 4 Havo you the cash near by ? ' 4 My dear sir, I haven't a cent in the world.' 4 But, Mr Wright, wo cau scarcely—' 'Now, I'm not here to argue/ said Wright, 4 but to got the money. My time is very limited. Sinoe I havo been in town I have had to depend on the carelessness and stupidity of its well-to-do citizens for a livelihood. You will excuse me if I insist on a little liasl© in this raaltcr.' and Mr James Wright pulled out two shiny new revolvers. 4 It would pain me very much to have to use these/ ho said, 4 but if it becomes neces sary I shall use them without hesitation. Now please write the cheque 4i The president, a man over 60, was j mightily frightened, and ho wrote out a cheque for £4000 and tossed it over to Wright. 4 Take it and go, you scoundrel/ lie said. 4 Not so fast, not so fast/ said Wright. 4 Your cashier would certainly think 1 was joking if I took this cheque out to him. And yon- -what would you be doing ? 1 don't suppose you'd sit here patiently, would you ? No, uo, ray dear sir, you will come to the cashier with me, will order him to cash this cheque, then we will return here and count the money, after which I will lock yon in the room and depart, aud, by the way, if there is the slighleBt interruption in tho procee dings 1 will put a bullet through my head, but first I will send one into your heart.1 Not a man, woman or child conld be found who saw him after he left the bank. A description of him was sent out through the country. £2000 reward waa offered for his capture, but five years ago the rewards were all withdrawn, save one of £20, which still stands. As for Mrs Wright, she eioped with a prominent citizen, and before she got through with hini he was almost a bankrupt." 41 And that was Mr James Wright whose face we saw pressed against the glass door to night?" asked the officer. u It was," said the detective, 44 and he is a vagrant to-day, his splendid nerve and wonderful ability wrecked by his wife's infidelity. He told me just now that he lived but to kill her.'4 