Confirmation at St. Kevin's Industrial School, " Glen- dalough," Leederville. On Wednesday His Lordshin, the Most Rev. Dr. Gibney, Bishop of Perth, visited St. Kevin's Industrial School, for the pur pose of administering to the Boys, the Sacrament of Confirmation. It was a day of special interest for the Institution, a3 it was the first time that the Sacrament of Confirmation was administered within its walls. It was the first Pentecost for St. Kevin's, and will be ever remembered by those who participated in the celebration. Before beginning the sacred ceremonies, His Lordship addressed the Boys on the nature, the efficacy, and the dignity of the Sacrament they were about to receive. He said that it was not enough to have re ceived Spiritual Life in Baptism, but furthermore that life required to be strengthened in order to triumph over the difficulties which they wouid necessarily encounter as they grew from childhood into manhood. Who can enumerate the dangers which th real en us from within and from without. Within ourselves are passions which develops with age. It is this centre of malice and corruption, which is but too often in advance of its years From without there are often bad com panions, contagious examples,- peryerse maxims and insinuations. Hence it is that children need to be strengthened in the Spiritual life in order to preserve it, and to face the incessant dangers to which they are exposed. This maturity, then, and this accretion of strength, Jesus Christ pro vided in the Sacrament of Confirmation, which is called the complement and the perfection of Baptism. The first effect of Confirmation is that it imprints on the soul a particular character or mark, in delible like that of Baptism. Tnis mark is, so to speak, the sign that we are enrolled in the army of Jesus Christ. Just as the character of Baptism makes us Christians, so that of Confirmation makes us soldiers of Christ. ; and this enrolment among the solders' of Chiist obliges us to defend our Faith under all circumstances even at the -price of our lives. To attain this: end the Holy Ghost- is given us with the plenitude of His grace and His gifts. In confirma tion there is given us the grace «>f strength which strengthens within us the Theological virtues of Faith, Hope, and Charity ; a grace which fortifies us and gives ns courage to confess Jesus Christ by onr words and our works, which enables us to persevere in piety notwithstanding all .the temptations which1 the world' and tlid flesh oppose to our progress. What then ought to be your dispositions after having re ceived Confirmation ? You ought to thank God, and consider, as applied to yourselves, the warning which St. Paul addressed to the Ephesians, " Let no evil speech proceed from your month, but that which is good to the edification of Faith ; and grieve not the Holy Spirit of God whereby you are sealed." If you are religious and regular in your infancy, the virtue and salutary fear of God will accompany you all your lives. You will be able by the grace of .Baptism and by the strength re ceived in Confirmation, to overcome all obstacles to Faith and piety. And in the midst of any dangers to your Faith, recall the words of Jesus Christ,. "Every one who shall confess me before men, I will also confess him before my Father who is Heaven, but he that shall deny me before men I will also deny him before my Father who is in Heaven." His Lordship, then, -attended by .Father O'Ryan, O.M.I., Father Ryan, O.M.I., and Father Hennessy, O.M.I., Fremantle, administered the Sacrament of Confirma tion to 28 boys. At the conclusion of the sacred ceremony, His Lordship gave the boys the pledge of Total Abstinence till they reach the age of 21\. At half-past four His Lordship attended in tlje schoolroom, a concert given by the boys. It comprised Irish airs, songs, and recitations.- At the conclusion of the concert, Father O'Ryan!. on behalf of the community and the boys, thanked His Lordship for his visit. He said it was with warm gratification, that after His Lord ship's x-eturn from Europe, lie read the ad dresses presented him by the people and children of the diocese. At thar time it was impossible for the boys at Glendalough to participate in the general rejoicing at His Lordship's return. But they should have been little satisfied with the part of silent listeners, except on the understand ing with themselves that they also might afterwards express to His Lordship their own sentiments in their own way. And now lie (the speaker) availed himself of the opportunity of welcoming His Lord ship amongst them. The children of the Colony, and especially the poor and ne glected, owed the Bishop a deep debt of gratitude for his untiring efforts in their regard. His Lordsnip had provided for the training of these poor children by having established in his diocese Orphanage?, Industrial, and Reformatory schools. The children at St. Kevin's fully realised that, and in after life they would look- back with pleasure to the happy time they spent iu the Institutions which he had provided for their proper education. They looked on his visit to-day as a mark of special favour towards them, for which they now offered him their most sincere thanks, aud they would pray God to grant him many years of life over his diocese. His Lordship thanked Father Ryan for the kind words which he had addressed to him. He said that the boys were deserving of all praise for the really efficient manner in which they acquitf ed themselves in their soiigs and recitations. It was a guarantee, if one were needed, of the care bestowed by the good Brothers in educating them. . St. Kevin's, he said, was the youngest of the Institutions, yet it was full of life and youthful vigour, and that he took and would always take an especialinterest- in its working. He was glad to see the boys so happy, their joyous countenances were an indication of the spirit that pervaded them. He exhorted them to obedience, and respect for those who were devoting their lives to turn them out useful, iihembers of society. 