Nothing Like Knowing the Language To speak French to a Frenchman requires some bravery. An American lady once embarrassed her Parisian tailor by entreating him to make the trousers of her gown very large. "I thought," she comments pathetically, "I had a good French word for 'sleeves.' " Another intrepid creature travelling in Germany com- mitted an even more fatal mistake. Stopping in front of a cabman; she asked, in her most charming manner : "Are you engaged?" "Nein," responded the surprised cabman. \- "Will you take me?" was the next most natu- ral question. "Nein, nein!" cried the man, and drove away at a furious pace. The lady had used a word which meant enga- ged to he married. An amusing blunder was committed by a bright Pole studying at a famous college. He was reading Theocritus, and came to the phrase which is usually translated "consumed with love." The foreigner made a little pause, and then, with an evident enjoyment of the text, continued, "roasted hy Aphrodite." The employees of an American factory were in the habit of holding weekly concerts. One even- ing a new man, just come from England, was present, and .was. especially pleased with the singing of a popular song. Wishing to prolong the applause, some of the men called "Encore, encore." This did not meet the new-comer's views. Rising to his feet, he shouted in a slow but indignant bass, "Encore is no matter. Let the same chap sing again." But we who speak English are not tho only ones who blunder. The polite German can never resist the temptation to air his knowledge ot', our mother tongue, imperfect though it may le. At a table of German and English students re- cently, one pleasant little German was irrepres- sible in this respect. Every sentence of his was bound to contain "hayve" and "alretty." A bit of slang was to him ponderous as the voice of an' oracle, and the English "th" was simply impos- sible. He commented brokenly on the "bewket" on the table and the "gaynose" in M.'s buttonhole. /-But the climax was reached in answer to a ques- tion put in good German: "Are you going to the lecture to-night, Herr B.?" "Ach no!" with a wave of the hand. "Zo ghost is retty, but ze meat is feeble." . Then the quiet man straightened out our wrink- led brows by suggesting that possibly he meant, "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak." 