The Haunted Hut. Founded on Fact. By CHRIS. DAHL. (Written for the " Evening Observer.") Will Warleigih and myself had been out shooting all the afternoon, and when the evening shadows began to hide the scenery from our eyes, and the birds had ceased calling, we gathered to- gether some wood and lit a fire. From a waterhole near by we filled the " billy," and as the roaring flames sprang up we pulled a log over near the fire and sat down for a rest and to en- joy the warmth, for the night air was chilly. The water was soon boiled, and I made some tea while Will got ready some bread and potted meat and jam that we had brought with us. After tea I made up the fire, piling a few big sticks on—for there was plenty of dead wood lying about where we had camped—and then we stretched our- selves out comfortably. We had been reclining at ease for ten minutes, per- haps, and had not spoken. It was too monotonous, I thought, for neither of us had complained of weariness, so turn- ing to Will I said : " Will, old man, tell me a yarn. Some- thing about your old bush days, if you can." " Well," he replied, slowly turning to- wards me, " I feel almost too lazy to talk, and I could bask in front of this fire all night without moving, like a cat. But I will try and spin you a yarn of my droving days if it will interest you." " Fire ahead," I answered. " That's just the sort of a yarn to interest me." He cleared his throat, pushed a piece of wood further into the fire with his foot, and then began : " It's about ten years ago now, and I remember it as well as if it was only yesterday. I was droving a small mob of cattle, and my mate not being quite ready when I started I decided to go without him, leaving him to catch up to me on the morrow. It was a cloudy sky all day, and when towards night time it commenced to rain I was not at all surprised. I put on my oilskin when it first started to come down, but it was miserable riding in the rain. How- ever, we drovers are accustomed to take things pretty philosophically, and with my pipe turned upside down I rode be- hind the cattle, patiently waiting till I reached the camping ground for the night—some three miles further on. My way there, however, just cut through the corner of a run, and ahead of me I saw through the misty rain a hut looming into view, with a good yard at- tached. Here was a fine place, I thought, to stop till the morning. The place seemed gloomy enough as I rode up, and I shuddered a little as I thought of the story associated with it." " What was it ?" I asked, interrupting him. " Oh, some bushman had murdered his mate there, and it was said that the ghost of the murdered man walked the house. I had often heard the place called the ' Haunted Hut,' and no one would dare to stop there. I was cold and hungry, however, and not given to belief of superstitions, so I yarded my cattle and made myself snug inside the hut. It was twilight and I knew the light wouldn't last more than a quarter of an hour, so I hurried myself and got some wood, most of it damp and wet, and after a great deal of trouble got a fire burning as it grew dark. I soon made some, tea, and had a feed, and then I lit my pipe and lay on the floor in front of the dying fire, my head and shoulders resting against my saddle. I felt too lazy to go out for more wood just then, and resolved to leave it till the morning. But on second thoughts I called myself a lazy blockhead, be- cause if I left it till the morning I would most likely get no fire at all, for the wood would be too wet. So I heaved a sigh, got up and went outside, and pre- sently came back with a big armful of wet wood. This I threw down beside the fireplace—such as it was—and then, putting some more on the fire, which was nearly burnt out, I once more re- clined lazily on the floor. " I suppose I must have dozed off over my pipe, for the next thing I knew was that I had awakened from my sleep, and that the fire was gone out save for a few red embers that glowed fitfully among the ashes. I could hear the rain outside still pouring down, and that in- dolent feeling that we all sometimes ex- perience came over me as I lay with my head resting against the saddle. I closed my eyes again. " When I next opened them, a minute or two after, I became conscious of two fiery eyes glaring at me from the side of the fireplace. It was very dark inside, and I confess that I felt scared. They seemed so uncanny ; and a mourn- ful cry, caused by the wind blowing fiercely through the roof where a shingle or two had come off, made me feel cold and clammy all over. " Presently, as I watched the two eyes, and thought all the while of the murdered man, they disappeared, but only to reappear again a moment or two afterwards. I felt fascinated, and could not take my eyes off those shining orbs. Then they moved again, and I saw something white close to the eyes. I felt I must move, or cry out, or do something. Slowly and with quaking limbs I arose, hesitated for a minute, and then advanced towards the eyes. When I was a little closer, and after I had stood up, I noticed that the eyes seemed quite near the floor. Mechani- cally my mind began to conjecture how the ghost's eyes could be there unless he was laying on the floor in an un- natural position, when a p-lie s ' M-i- a-o-w-ow' greeted me. " My fright disappeared like magic, and I burst into a laugh. ' Puss, puss, puss,' I cried. ' Come on, pussy,' and I bent down and held out my hand. A big white cat came towards me, mew- ing as it walked, and the next moment I was stroking its soft fur. "Well," I thought to myself as I re- plenished the fire with a bit of paper and some wood about five minutes af- terwards, ' well, the ghost is laid now. I was a fool to be had like that.' But, you know," he added, looking me in the eyes, " the bravest of men feel afraid sometimes when they are alone, though they may be brave enough when they have company, even though their com- pany be cowardly. " Next morning, after I had had break- fast, a man rode up as I was just going to get my cattle on the way again, and said : ' Hallo ! are you droving for Mr. Kennedy ?' ' Yes,' I answered. ' Where did you camp last night ?' he asked. ' In here," I answered pointing to the hut. Dick, and the dressmaker had looked in just then. The dressmaker never found out her mistake. The bodice-hand came to see her one day and told her that Miss Sands was having a new dress made, and that she had gone off frightfully. " She has no figure at all now," said the bodice-hand. " All skin and bone." " Isn't she married yet ?" asked the dressmaker. " Not likely. Who'd want to marry her ? For all her money since she's been ill she's no more nor less than a scarecrow." She glanced approvingly at herself in the mirror, which reflected a figure with a squeezed-in waist, and a face with a good-natured turned-up nose, and eyes almost too small to see out of. In the ignorance of her heart the little dressmaker smiled. She wondered what had become of Dick Smith. " Perhaps she was fooling him too," she thought. Then some unaccountable feeling made her sigh. "Poor thing," she said. "Perhaps she didn't love him either." —" Weekly Telegraph." 