Dramatic Incident. She had caught the pink bow on her shoulder in the wicker of the chair, and torn its fastening. ' Can I help ?' he asked. ' Can you pin?' ' Perfectly.' He was told to fetch her work-basket from the drawing-room, and, on his return, knelt beside her as she adjusted the ribbon. ' You must take your hands away,' he said, ' or I shall pin them there.' She folded them resignedly in her lap, but turned her head with saucy distrustfulness to observe his operations. ' It should be sewn,' he suggested. ' Can you sew ? ' ' Better than I can pin.' She opened the basket again, and, threading a needle, handed it up to him. ' It will be easier if you stand.' She held out her hand for assistance, and, as she raised herself, the light cloak slipped back from her shoulders into the chair. He got through it gracefully enough, with- out the heavy breathing and squared elbows that men affect when wrestling with a needle ; and, if his labor was somewhat lengthy, mere clumsiness may not have been so much to blame as he averred. ' What is the wage ?' he inquired, as he cut the thread. ' What do you suggest ?' A sudden mad impulse almost moved him to kiss her shoulder. Her fingers had rested there by accident for an instant, throwing a flash of color, like a shaken flag, over the deli- cate skin ; but he was wiser than that. He said : ' I will leave you in my debt.' Perhaps she read the conflict in his face—it was to be seen there—and resenting, as a woman may, his failure to do what, if done, would have still more incensed her, said, with a demure audacity in her eyes: ' I only bargain for ready money.' Still unsteady from his own struggle, he re- turned her ambiguous glance with such interest that partly from excitement, and a desire by over-daring to force him into cau- tion, she flipped lightly at the needlepoint which he was holding between his teeth, say- ing: 'You shouldn't put pins in your mouth. He started back suddenly, and then, with a gulp and a flash of terror in his face, threw himself across a chair, head downwards, coughing violently. When he raised himself stiffly she was white as a ghost, and could scarcely command the voice to say : ' What was it?' ' The needle.' ' You didn't swallow it ?' He began to recover himself, and to remem- ber he must have looked foolish ; his face was nearly as pale as hers, but he laughed as he said— " I'm afraid it's lost to you or ever." "Will it kill you?" He thought she was going to faint, she was so deathly white, and for the moment he did not care what happened to her; he felt to hate her, in a selfish sordid cowardly fashion, for what she had done. He said, almost sulkily— "Isn't there a doctor I could see?" She was crying like a girl, but just steadied her voice to say the carriage would be then at the door and they could drive down to the nearest physician's. She only spoke once by the way. She laid her hand on his, and said in heart- broken fashion—"Salt, I am so sorry." "It doesn't matter," he replied, not over gently; " what is it ?" He hardly knew what he said—he was specu- lating on the whereabouts of the needle. He expected every moment to begin to die, and, in spite of his words, that did seem a matter of the most importance. * * * Cherry voices from the street-door gave her quite a revulsion of joy. ' That'll be all right,' she heard; ' wad it well and lie low.' A double ' Good-night,' the door slammed, and Pedely was taking his seat beside her ; he gave the word for home, leant back and laughed. ' Seems to be the wholesomest thing in the world ; whole meal and butter-milk not in it ; can't eat enough; number mines and new bread, with porridge to follow. Thimble-cup, I suppose, to wash it down. 'The sequel unfortunately, does not justify the physician's hopeful forecast.—From ' Rust of Gold ' by Francis Provost. 