ghe IiUll #rIJlvt, oE, How Ruth Won Her Heritage. By Man. S. BtLDON,, Authoresa of " he Missing Hert of ,lallesby," "The Masked Bridal," Eto. OCHAPTER XXXIII. THE WORDo RANG LIKE THE KNELL OF DOOM. "Those who plot the destruction of others, often fall themselves." iMr Ladd made a second visit to Hazel wood Heights on the afternoon of the day following his first call, and stated to Mos Pl'mypton thea he ad had an important interview wl?t the oppuslug ounasel, and also with Mr Basil ereditn. SiMr Basill Meredith i" Ines interposed sharply ; " what has he to do with this matter i" " Alh I pardon me; I should have stated perhaps, that Mr Meredith intends to marry Mrs Ralph Plymptoun within a few wakse, and so has authurity to oonduct her alfilre in conneOtioln with her lawyer," Mr Ladd explained. lunz Pltympton could not have been whiter it ane had been dead as she ls toned to this confirmation of what abe had feared sod suspected. But quickly recovering herself, she threw back her head and laughed a shrill, mucking, hysterical laugh. l" aso Ulsu Meredith sa going to marry Ruth PiyuptiuPs' she sueered. Then, obsurving her oompenion'e look of per. plexe astounuhment, she continued spologoetcally : " Rially, Mr Ladd, you must excuse my seeming levity, but It struck me a sinugularly amuslug that Mrs lRalph Plywmptun should be about to sue me for property whion she claims on the strengtn ot havinug been the wife of a former lover of mime, hehn she in on the verge 01 marrylng another who once sue tatued the saeu relation to me." Mr Ladu merely unwed to indicate that he understood the situation, while he also was unghtenued somewhat regarding her mutives for being so unreasonably de sirous of lighting her opponent to the bitter end." "Woell," she went on as he did not reply. "1 interrupted you, ant I suppose that you have something of importance to say to me." " Yes, t have," the gentleman gravely replied. "Mr Silsby has notified me that, out of consideration for you, as a wonmau, Mr Meredith has conusented to give away a point of evidence, and you can avail yourself of it if you choose." "indeed I Mr Meredith is remarkably considerate I" bitterly retorted the angry woman. What is the nature of this ' point of evidence I " " It is this," said the lawyer impres sively : " it is known to your opponents, and can be proved, that the child whom you are representing as the heir to the Piympton property is not your own child l" " Ah I that surely sounds very strong, Mr Ladd," scornfully responded lnez with wondertul self-possession in view of the fact that she was trembling in every nerve, " but it really amounts to nothing, for I can produce the nurse who was with me when my osun was born, and who will testify that I gave birth to a boy on the 17th of January " "Possibly you may be able to do that, hut can you also prove that this child is tho same T' Mr Ladd inquired, while his shrewd eyes searched her face. "Mrs Plympton," he went on gravely, as he saw her change colour at his question. "this is a very grave matter. hir Meredith says that he sun produce a New York paper ini which there is an advertisement for a male child not over two weeks 'old; that he can also produce a boy who, in answer to that advertisement, took his own little brother to you. This boytells a straight, plausible story; and to sup plement this, Mr Meredith overheard only las Saturdaya conversatilon between you and this same boy, during which you tried to bribe him by the promise of some money to preserve your secret. Now if these assertions can be proven you do not stand the slightest chance in contest ing the case; and besides, if you were found guilty of such an act of fraud you would he liable to imprisonment for a long term of years." * ileaven I you don't mean that I" ex claimed iuer In a voice of horror, and startled oul of her dissimulation by the onoespeoted danger which now seemed to manuce her. "Mrs Plimptoi, you may rely upon what I tell you as bing abealutely cour rnet," Mr Ladd returned with dignity. "Of course, if I saw the vestige of a hope of winning the case, I would contest It for you to the beat of my ability i but under the circumstances it becomes my duty to advise you to settle it privately, since your opponents are willing to grant you that priviloee-" "How exceedingly magnanimous I" in' terrupted Inez with a mocking neer. "Yes, I certainly regard it so," the gentleman returned, "since Mr Meredith assured me, upon his honor, that they can bring against you even stronger evitence than what has been revealed. Believe me. .1rs Plyinpton, there are very few people who would show you so much con aideration-who would not insist upon pushing the case to the extent of the law for the purpose of bringing to justice the author of a crime such as they claim has been perpetrated against them. I wish I might persuade you to be reasonable, and to consider, besides what I have already mentioned, the scandal that would result from such an exposure," he concluded earntestly. " Well, as for that matter, the woman who calls herself Mrs Ralph Plympton may stir up eomething of a scandal herself by appearing before the public as a claimant of this property," Inez angrily retorted. "She has no means of proving that she was ever married, for she has no aertificate of that event ; the justice who ahe claims performed the ceremony is dead the records are burned; the only witness is mising. "You are mlatken, my dear Mrs Plympton! about there being no certift flste," sauid Mr Ladd. " It wa lost. but it has been found-I have seen it." "Found I" gasped his companion, catching her breath sharply ; it must be a 'No ; it Is a genuine document Nathaniel Grant'sa signature would be a diacult one to forge, and I have seen it too many times not to recognise it," Mr Laddpositively afitrmed. "Of course, the fret thing I demanded when this claim was submitted to me was proof that Mrs Ralph Plylpton was what ashe pro femed to be, and am sore there is not the slighteet doubt of the legality of her marriage with the son of your late bua Iner Plympton sank weakly back in her chair at this assurance, her strength and ourege forsaking her. bha began to realizc that she had be' some enteogled in a net from which it might be very diflcuel: to extricate herself If she perslisted In her determination to ht also realized that she had been fgnominlously defeated In every plot whlk aea had lad for the downfall of her rival; for the alienatIng of her hau. band had really been no triumph over Ruth, since it had only resmlted in reveal ing to her the fact that she had never really loved him. It was a bitter blow, and her arrogant nature could ill brook submission to it. After a moment she drew herself haughtily erect. "Really, rt Ladd, it almost seems that you are arguing in favor of the in. terests of the opposing party," she said in a tone of cold displeasure. "I am not, madam, I assure you," he returned, coloring deeply at the slur; "I am arguing for your interests alone; for, as I have already told you, I do not see the ghost of a chance in this contest. If the case should come to a trial, I am very much afraid that I could not save you from expiating a crime, and for the sake of your late husband, who was my friend as well as my client, I would sare the name of Plympton from that disgrace." "Very well, 'Inez haughtslyresponded, "since you strongly urge it, I will con. aider the matter of settlement. Upon what terms sill they settle I" " Upon such terms as the law allows every widow-right of dower." "Really, Mrs Ruth is making a bold strike for a big etakel" Ines interrupted in a towerng passiones. " 1 will not cono sent to It," she cried, starting to her feet; " I will not submit to aoythmg so mon strous. My husband intended that I should have the whole of his property - he utterly repudiated this girl and her child, and it was understood when I mar ried him that I should have everything." "That may be very true, Mrs Plymp ton," said the lawyer; "but it such was his wish he should have made a will to that effect." " He did not think it necessaery," Inez answered; he was in perfect health until a few hours before he died, and was looking forward to the prospect of an heir to succeed to his property.' "All the same, it was a very unwise omit. sion not to either settle a handsome sum upon you, or make a will in your favor. I am really very sorry, and if by any means in my power I could secure more for you t would most gladly do so. lint Mr Meredith is inexorable in his demand that the child Hope shall have all thalt rightfully belongs to the nearest of kin." "It's a shame l-an outrage I" cried the angry woman, stamping her foot with Passion. "Yes, it is hard," Mr Ladd acquiescad. "I must think it over-i cannot make up my mind today. fow much time will they give mel"' his companion ex citedly inquired. ' Well, I am afrala not very much," replied her counsel. " Sir Meredith is anxious to hare something definitely de cided upon at once, as he contemplatdag a trip to California about the fist of Sep tember." " Hae I then they are to be marriel at that time I" cried Ines with a start. " Yes ; so Mr Sileby informs me." The wretched woman pressed her fingers hard against her temples to still the fierce throbbing that nearly drove her wild. The thought of Basil Meredith's mar riage with Ruth Plympton was to her worse than the torture of the rack. " Well," she observed impatiently as soon as she could command herself suE ciently to speak, "how much time can I have 1" "A week or two perhaps; I will try to stay proceedings to favor you as much as possible.' said the lawyer. " But," he added, " I am advised that there must be no further drawing upon the funds be longing to the estate." " Very well ; I have money of my own," Inez retorted sharply. " I can getalong for a couple of weeks, I imagine, without robbing the Plympton bank account." Mr Ladd now arose to go; the situation was becoming exceedingly uncomfortable for him while healso began to experience a feeling of disgust for this strange, fiery creature, with whom hitherto he had had only the pleasanrtest relations. Immediately after his departure Ines Plympton went to her own room, where she threw herself upon the bed, for she was wornt out with the evil passions that had been aroused within her, while she was also sick at heart in view of Basil Meredith's approaching marriage. She began to reasise, also, that she must relinquish all right and title to Hisal wood Heights. She could be obliged to leave the beautiful place forever, for her reign was over. It had been brilliant though brief, and her fate seemed all the more bitter because of that very fact. She had burst upon Albany society like some splendid meteor, and now she was destined to sink as suddenly into oblivion, while her hated rival would queen it In her place. toubtl?es Ruth would ooopy the Heights hereafter as her summer home; her winters would of course be spent in Basil Meredith's elegant residence in New York-and she ground her white teeth in impotent wrath as, in imagination, she pictured her, supremely happy in the love of her noble husband, moving about those beautiful rooms which had so recently been fitted up for herself with such lavish expenditure. " Oh I I could burn it to the ground," she sobbed in aslect grief. 'I lwish I dare reduce It to ashes ; but of course if I should the crime would at once be at tributed to me. Ah I if it was not Lor the hope that Castillo has held out to me. I could almost wish that I were dead I" The following morning she receared a note from Mr Lsdd. ltforming her that she would be allowed one week in which to make up her mind whether she would contest Mrs Ralph Plympton's claim on behalf of her coild or quietly settle the matter a already proposed. He closed by remarking that he "trusted her usual good judgment would lead her to decide in favor of the latter arrangement." Only one week more I The words rang like the knell of doom in her ears. Not because she was so deeply attached to the place that it would burst her heart to leave Hazelwood Heights. There were other places in the world where she could live and be fust as comfortable, and she would by no means be left destitute in surrendering that handsome property, although it caused her a keen pang to feel that her resources were to be so materially curtailed. But the one thought that was the most prominent - that overbalanced every other feeling and considerations, was the maddening fact that Ruth, the woman whom she so hated and envied, wa, to supersede her there. Luring the whole of that allotted week she remained closely at home. She did not even go for her accclomed drives ; she denied herself to all visitors, while, roving restlessly from room to room-brooding upon the changee which the near future threatened to make in evitable; thinking of the approaching marriage, that of itself was almost sofil cient to drive her insane, she was as utterly wretched as it is possible to imagine that any human being could be. IlBut on the day before the one set for her decislon a letter bearing a foreign postmark made its appearance with the morning mail. 'here was a look of eager, startled curiosity ir. her eyes snd a nervous tremor in her hand. us she heatily tore off the envelope and devoured its contents. Her face was a study u she perused thoase closely written pages. Wonder, incredulity, hate, and triumph swept in quick sueeeesion over her beautiful features, blamed in her midnight eyes, and borned cn her chneks. " Wonder of wonders I" she breathed as she finished the epistle. Then she read it through a second time, more deliberately and carefully, after which she copied an address it had con. tained, then tearing the letter into atoms, she threw the fragmente 'into the grate and held a lighted taper to them until they were entirely consumed. "' There I there Is no danger of those ashes telling any tales," she muttered. " If I could have burned all other bridges behind me as effectually I should never have been in my present critical posi. tion." She sat awhile absorbed in thought, then rising, went to her desk, where she wrote rapidly for an hour, after which she enclosed the eheets in an envelope and superscribed it with the address she had copied from the letter. Then slipping this into another envelope with a few lines of explanation, she addressed it to "Senor Alfen Castillo, London, Eng. land," and despatched it by a special mesenger to the post office. "Oh I what a comedy of errors I what a romance I" she exclaimed ao she watched the servant out of eight, while a low, mocking laugh rippled over her red lips. '" Well, it will be ' diamond out diamond' for a while, and then-oh, thank good. ees I there ie another continent and other prospects ahead.' i OfHPTER XXXIV. AN APPARITION. " No eye to watch-no tongue to wound us, All earth forgot, and allheaven around us." The following morning Ines Plympton dressed herself with the utscest car, and drove into the city to give her answer to Mr Ladd. Apparently she was in the beet of spirits. She was gracious, affable, blooming, and greeted her counsel as if she had never known a ruffle of temper or an oo oseion for an outbreak of passion. ' Yes," she said, she had come to tell him that she would "settle ;" but she would like to propose that a stated sum be given to her rather than what would be likely to acorne to lier from her dower right to one-third of the estate, for she was going abroad to live, and such an rrangemer.t would be more convenient to her Besides, since there would doubt les always be an unpleasantness between he two branches of the family, a final eettlement would be much more agreeable than to extend their business relations with each other indefinitely. She would also like to ask as a favor that she be allowed to remain at Hazel wood Heights until she was ready to selail, which would not be until about the first of October, as something had occurred to Interfere with her plaes s change pre viuus to thae would necessitate a great deal of trouble and expense to her, while she would engage to leave everything about the mansion and place in the best possible order, and pay whatever rent as deemed right for the few remaining weeke that she would occupy it. Mr Ladd expressed himself as pleased with her decision, and promised that he would make the very best arrangements possible for her, and let her know the re ult at an early date. So Ines Plympton went her way witha malicious gleam in her treacherous eyes, and the old mucking smile on her lipe. Mr Meredith was inclined to insist that she be ordered to vacate Hazelwood Heights immediately, but Ruth, always kind and considerate, pleaded that she be allowed to occupy the piece until October, as she had requested. " Ido not care to go there at present," he said. " I have all that I can attend toduring the next few weeks without having the care and confusion of moving. So please, Basil, let everything remain just as it is, and when wereturnfrom our trip we will go and look the house over to see what changes we would like made before taking possession of it next sum mor." So Basil yielded, and it was agreed that Mrs Anthony Plympton should remain mistress in the home where, for more than a year, she had queened it right royally, until October. Mr Meredith, with Mr Silaby and Mr Ladd, consulted together regarding a suitable sum to be settled upon her, in view of her signing away all her interest in the property. An agreement was inally made that seemed fair to them, and then Inez was notified of the amount, and also that her request had been granted. When Mr Ladd told her she smiled viciously, and remarked with the utmost san.froid : "Well, now that those matters are settled, what is to be done with the babvl" ' The baby I" repeated the lawyer in wondering amase. "I don't think I quite understand you." "Why, since I have no further use for him, I thought, perhaps, Mrs Ruth Plimpton might like ti take another pro. teges." Mr Ladd could scarcely conceal his disgust at this suggestion. " Do you mean that you intend to de sort the child 1" he demanded. " Have you not adopted it I" "No; there were no legal formalities," losees replied indifferently. "Of ccurse if everything lhd run smoothly I should have kept him-ior the sake of the pro party, but since the fraud has been dis covered, I do not intend to trouble myself sny further about him." "' ave you no affection for the child for whom you have cared for so long I" the man wonderingly inquired. " Well, no I I am free to confess that children are simply odious to me," she unblushingly declared. "As long as he figured as Master Anthony Plympton. and I had the control of his money, I could put up with him; 1 could keep a nurse for him, end eo he really didn't trouble me very much. But now that I have lost the game, I'm not willing to be at any expense on his account, and those who robbed him of his fortune may pro vide for him, or I't hand him over to eome lnstitution.' The isayer wu. speechless before this manifestation of heatlesanessu and before be could fully recover himself to make any suggestion regarding the disposal of the poor little weaf, Mv Busby w. an - noenred. le apologised for intruding, but added that, in his recent Interview with Mr Ladd, he had entirely forgotten to seatet that Mrs Ralph Plympton desired him to request that the Browning baby be con signed to her care therefore he had come personally to ascertain if Mrs Anthony -ould consent to esuch an arrangement. " With the greatest pleasure in the \--orld, sir," the woman replied with a sneering laugh; "I had just intimated to Mr Ladd that some such disposllion be made of the child Mrs Ralph Estlake itrtmann Plympton can have him aend welcome." Thus in less en two hours afterward Muter Anthon as quietly sleeping in litttle Wloe' crb'ea8le Will sat belide him, a smile of m?tIl". content and ten dermS lluming his p.in but honest face. To ce 