Another Suicide. INQUEST. An enquiry into the death of William Steadman was held at the Victoria Hospital to-day, before Mr Jose, J.P., Acting Coroner. The jury was composed of Messrs H. M. West, J. M. Davis (foreman), H. E. Eaton. Fmncis deFratuas. lodging house keeper, s^orn, said : I identify the body now lying in the morgue as that of William Steadman. The deceased was lodging at my place on Thursday, I~'th inst. He left the hous* at half-past nine in the morning of that day. saying he was going as far as the hospital for a walk. As he did not ret am to lunch, and as I knew bim to be sick and ? weak, I got anxious about him. 0,-used enquiries t-<> be made about him and found he had not gone to the hospital. That afternoon L reported the mattf-T to the police. Deceased had been lodging with me for three weeks. He was suffering badly from consumption and often said he wishtd ho was dead. When my suspicions were aroused by his disappearance I searched his swag and found that his revolver had gone. There were also eight cartridges missing from a box of those article-* on the mantelpiece. Somewhere about the 10th inst,. deceased made a will leaving his money to his father, who lives in Yorkshire, of which place deceased was a native. Deceased was about 42 years of age, and had been ailing about two years. I had known him for nine years. The cartridge produced is similar to those contained in the cartridge box belonging to deceased. Michael"flarro 1 deposed : I reside on the outskirts of Gerald ton on Sub. Lot 77 a little under a mile from the Post Office. I recollect Thursday, 15th inst. On that day about 11 o'clock in the forenoon. I heard a revolver shot. I to >k no notice of it, however, thinking some boys were using a saloon rule. The sound did not appear to come from the spot in which the police yesterday found, a dead body. This would be accounted for by the fact that a strong win-1 -vas bi"wing at tintime. I reported the circumstance of the shot to the police that night, but as the wind misled me as to the direction of the sound the police could.find nothing, P.C. Geo. Gannon, s«-orn, said :—In consequence of information received on the 15oh inst., 1 have ever since that date been searching for the doeensed, William Steadman. Yesterday act-moon. at about „.20, close to Mr Carroll's garden i found the body of deceased. He was lying on his face, on a slight slope, his head beinglower than his feet. The body was very much decomposed. I left Mr Carroll in charge of the body and came into town to report. Sergt. Lavery, deposed : About six o'clock yesterday evening the last witness reported to me that he had found the remains of the man who had been missing since the loth inst. I went to the spot and found deceased lying on his face with his head slightly down hill. Both hands were under the body which was in an advanced stage of decomposition. On turning the remains over 1 found the revolver (produced) clasped in the right hand of deceased with the forefinger on the trigger- I unloaded the revolver, a fivechambered one, and found four chambers loaded and one discharged. From the surrounding circumstances, I should saythat deceased died instantaneously as there were no signs of a struggle. I had the body lemoved to the morgue where it now lies 1 Dr Elliott, R.M.Q., deposed : This morning f examined the body of the deceased Wm. Steadman. It was in an advanced stage or decomposition. I found wliat appeared to b» a bullet wound through the mouth, cutting away part of the lower lip and knocking out the canine tooth. The' wound appear*.! to take a direction from before, backwards aud upwards, through the base of the brain. I could not find an wxit wound. 1 should sav that the wound described caused instant death, and that it was self-inflicted. A bullet such as the one produced would have caused the wound. From the state of the body and considering the weather and the time of the year, 1 should ..ay that deceased must have been dyad about four davs. The right hand of deceased was haif bent over his chest with the forefinger and thumb in the position of grasping a pistol. The jury's verdict :—That deceased, Wm. Steadman, came by his death by shooting- himself in the mouth with a revolver while suffering from illness caused by consumption. THE Bookfellow, a monthly magazine let published by the Bulletin, has given up the ghost after three or four appearances. Perhaps this is not to. be wondered at. As its name suggests, the Bookfelloiv appealed only to literary Australia, ancl literary Australia _ is a very slender quantity with painfully slender means. How is it that no magazine—save Massina's awful " Journal "—can live in this country beyond the teething stage, while London publications flourish in the land as thick as flies on a sheet of tangleloot ? 