NOTES AND COMMENTS Ho* to get rich quickly and without working for it iB still, and probably ever will be, one of the many life mysteries wnich men will iisrcely struggle to solve to their own satisfaction. The g«mbier's will be 01 e -of the many roads folliwcd, of course, for men are born to gamble, even as the sparks <or the coin) fly upwards. The method nf this madness is foolish enough, but your true gambler, all the world over, thinks that th* simplest and quickest way to wealth is th" best. The born gambler prefers poser to whist, and baccarat to poker, inc ' putting the pot' on come insignificant event, to be settled instintly, probabl f gives him greatest pleasure of al". This iB an o'd trouble, however, and one in which the men of old shone brilliantly, for some of them seemed to live oDly to bet. Backing one drop of raia upon the window of White's ' rooms in London to reach the bottom 1 ot' it before another for a cool thousand was one form of innocent recreation ! And another was staking the same sum against the recovery of a man who happened to fall down in a fit, the stipulation being that no doc or should be sent for. but that the unfortunate fellow should pull through on his own merits or go under. I.ord Mountford, who blew out what he called his braiDS (perhaps for a bet) In 1755. was said to have ' reduced his natural affections to the doctrine of chances ' When asked, after his daughter's marriage, whetlnr an heir to the estate was not expected, he quietly replied : ' I really don't know ; I have nothing on it ; I am not backing unvthing just at present!' One of the best stories in this line (and it bappers to be a tr ie on<", too) is that of a catetpi'ler owned by a nobleman of the Kegency, which, placed in the centre of a soup plate, he backed at odds to make its way off more quickly than any other caterpillar would off any other plate of a l ke size. Bis was a perfect Carbine of a caterpillar, ; although it faad no more legs than its fellows nor no more points about it than any other 'pillar,' tut it always ran faster, and waa probably the cheapest racer e\er kept by man It was not until his honest lordship had won many thousand pounds that it was discovered be used to warm his plate, aid so encourage his worm to hasten off to a cooler climate. Everyone has heaid «of the Melb>urne ' mignite who de?lared he would ' stamp out suicide' Well, Brunker, the Blessed of N.B W., haa intiiated his intention of lowering that g>eat man's record by stamping out gambling'—especially gambling 1 at bicycle meeting". How he intends to work this miracle in not stated, but he has as much chance if succeediog in it a* he has of stamping ou; grog selling on Sundays. He is altogether too innozent and pious for the task, which is a pit.-, for there is real danger that betting, soupled with 'running byes,' and working the oracle in divers other ways, will yet biiog cycling djwn with a similar 'sickening <hud' to that which announce) the death of pelestrianiem. As for stamping out bettiDg, dear old Brunker might as weil try to beat ba-k the booming breakers with a hay-fork, or make hU chief stick to on; pilicy for three successive weeVs. * * » • A giorl story has juat reached us to th-i effect thit. Mr aDd Mrs Sydnuy Webb, who recently travelled round the Kssr, picking up useless p > Hi-al information abiut the olonie', called on Peacock, the Laughing Politician, and amoDg other thine, Mrs Webb asked : ' How U it that you in Victoria, without a La'ror Par y, have an advanc d Factoiies' Act, and New South Wa es, with a Labor Party, holding the balance of power, iias none The man with the icreecb-owl Hugh was thinking sorrow^tflly^of' hiq jovi'n,. trjubles just at that timej4ndJ-3fot'gettitigv£or a moment that it was a^lady wljo spoke, he . off handed y exclaimed : * Oil) thRt.fi/an' e^ey one. The reason is that Cl&'^rowd^ir*!'% Sydney h no d d cori, t^alf Then ' the lady blushed and studie1 -b|r shoe-tops carefully, while poor Peacock v quietly aplo-- pised, an 1 laboriously explained what he meant. ' Oh, yes,' said the fair inquirer at last; ' we saw a good deal of the Labor Members in Sydney, and that is ex ctly what we thought. Only,' cmtinued the lady, with an arch smile, ' of course I could hardly express my oninion aB vividly as you have done.' And then the crushed Peacock, who couldn't iaisa even the ghost of a laugh, bowed his visitors out, and registered an awful oath that he'd choke himself with his wa cackle before he would ever say a wor 1 to further the introduction of the petticoat into politics. * » » • The elder members of the family had several times called at the hospital to see an injured friend, and a little girl had worried her uncle to take her next time. He agresd to do to, but knowing that in the first bed on the right of the entrance to the ward there was a patient with hia face terribly maimed, from an accident, said,' You must promise me not fo look to the right when you gi into thewaid ' She promised, 'and like a ^auahter of Kve, found her curiosity too greet,' you say. Nothing of the sort. When they came oit of «he hospital she sai' You told me not to iook to the right as I went in, unc^e, md 1 didn't lo k, did I ?' No,' unile said, • \ou are a very good little girl 1 to ke p y ur promise so well.' Kitty was evidently j pleased, and then lemarked, ' I say, uncle, wasn't tnat i oor man an awful si^ht—the one on the left bb we came out ?' For women only. Our old friend ' Boondi' die :ourocs iu a paper j ust to hand on the feminine dress q .estion, and deals it out to thos-; stage ladies who—we have all noticed it—even in the most s'artling 'living pictures' will persist in weiring—let's see, ' corps de jupe,' don't the Fiench call'eui ? In iht! cou'Ee <>f his remarks he sajs :— In a certain weakly weekly, published ' for women only,' I came across the startling st&teme; i 'tut' large hips will be the fashion this summer.' f I am real' gUd of that, because I am a great admiret and beH ver in large hips in every memier of the female persuasion, from a hen t > an heiresB, Buch a formation tells of a sound bodily structure, and gives promi < f good health, one r f the very grea'est blessings an j one can enjoy. • • • * Why large lii| 8 should be wo'n in summer on'v is a stupendous mjetery to me, but the close-fi'ting pair's m to ' e s ait >1 this sensation, and I came across a ' D.T." par the other day which stated that: ' The wire dreES improvers are to be recommended in preference to the hair or wadding stuffed cushion, on account rf their coolnesB.' But a London journal ('for women only') says that the real * bong-tong' artificial bips are made of ' inflated india-rubter,' somethine on the pneumatic tyre principle, I presume, but, I hope to Heav-n, not liable to puncture. There is nothing neat or novel about the business, hnwe«er. for in a play written bv oce Alexis, over a thousand years ego, I find the awful statement that' when a girl is too lean about the ilank, they hoop her round with a bustle.' ' Hoop her tound' is (as :Touchstone would «aj) 'good, very tood, ve.y excellent good,' and etems to suggest that the naughty old poet drew a deal ot his inspiration liom a cask. All this leads up to a mild comp'aint against actresses in general. It doesn't matter whether actresses are playing Semiramide, Cleopat.a, Boadecia, Lucretia Borgia or even MotJj^TOjwlf, they will persist in wearing** and distinctive feature of md^ern femklkdt&f;, the cor»et; and, as fafefes /ofcyje, the ne& dress distinction ' b & Ifnae. .profuse pe\ticoating. I prebume jtftey weat"4>> tickings also (perhaps ih&j;&dtms; -Euspendfers' too), but, putting t h o s e TWft^ide^w^uld like to point out that, apart- woniJjll'details of cut and color, the main characteristic of woman b dress in the early ages and among halfsavage races was its soft simplicity of line. The shapely, vigorous human body beneath was the principal thing—the robe hung on it limply enough. > • * " Physical action, in an age when life was physical action almost wholly, is what thou, lepresentiog that age should try to imitate. The rigid, artificial form of modern btays going thiough those frank and violent motions is something calculated to make even the Town Ball clock wring its hands in despair. A corsetted Cleopatra of a Helen cf Troy wearing frilled petticoats is as siliy a sight as would be a Pharaoh in check pants, or a Marc Antony in a put hat. The corset must go, and the embroidered petticoat must follow it; although, by the way, 1 must admit that it would be a delicate matter to cress the character of the South Sea Island heroine of an opera in a strictly correct ccstume, cctsistinn of a seductive smile and a necklace of shark's teeth—unleBS they happened to be very large teeth of course. • * » It s f om / m.rica ; but s ill the paper has a fairly gcod n»me fcr truthfulness. Anyhow. it gives the local ' Army ' a bint:— • Before the slot macbim s were ordered out there were a number of jack pot machines about town which paid from 10 cents to 5d"l when they paid anything. One of these machines stood in a Bal on on Douglas-street and had swallowed many a nickel with<ut giving up fcnytbing in return, 'One afternoon a Salvation A>my ^irl eDtend ihe saloon with a bundle of 'War Orys' undt r her arm and tackled the men at the bar to purchase copies. The men were libera), and the girl sold a number of papers. As she started to leave the saloi n her eyes fell upon the machine. She looked at the direction a moment and then said : • 111 just play the nic el in her for the Lord ' ' She dropped tl e nickel in the slot, pulled the lever, and watched the wheels go round When the wheels stoppFd a slower of nickels dropped into the pan and spread outuron • he floor. The girl s'oo|ed down and raked in tl e shining harvest, aDd after carefully counting the ccins deposi'ed them in her pocket and sauntered i ut. 1 She p ayed one lonesome nickel and raked in 3?ol 70 cents And that was 'he only time the machine ever paid more than a quarter.' • • • * A way-back publican is anxious to find the former owner of a dog he now possesses, and offers a small reward to any person or persons who will make known to him the whereabouts of the individual in question. The publican gave £5 for the dog, which, he was told, was an animal of supei human intelligence. The dog's owner Baid that only gtievous necessity induced him to part «ith his sagacious friend, Bnd to convince the publican of the 'jke's excellent training, he said, ' I left my tobacco pouch on the side of the track about five miles back—forget it. I'll send the dog back for it, and if he doesn't bring it you can have him for 5b.' So the dog was induced with some little difficulty to go back on bis tracks, acd his owner passed away an hour tilling sori< s of Jacko's extraodinary cleverness. • * * • At the end of tbat time be said the <iog ought to be returning, and he went outside «nd whistled, and presently Jacko came bounding out of the bush, and dropped the missing tobacco pouch at h's master's fe t. This so delighted the publican tbat he paid £5 for the dog, and congratulatei himself on having made a bargai till he discovered tint Jacko would do nothing whatever, and heard that a fiierd a few miles off had been similarly victinis^d. The oracle is wot ktd by two mp.n. One goes to the intended victim with <he dog, another remains at a little distance, hidden in the bush. The dog when driven off returns to the second man, and he secures t he missing at tide in the canine's mouth, and lioera'es him on heaiing his mate's whiBtle. Someone has sent along the suggestion that, at least on Saturday mornings, we should devote a little space to purely ladies reading. We'd like to, tut the troub'.e lies in the fact that, although we have a fair idea of what will suit the bulk of our troustred readers, we know as much about the likes and disiikes of the other crjwd as a mining expert does of a bisected schistose formation dipping no th-by-west tj>wrilgtrB-twy6tai:k. This is probably became R^a^fttapnfo' • 11 ke Kiplin?, point out wcme"/ white,Tilfcpf; radi yellow, and <'offie-coL(rea c ,in ^uccestiolii aoi after reining little intprjiidf 8 with eacb,flay\ of them individually,' fjearnt about wimmin \ Irom 'er !' No, we nevfitstudied t!i'e(n.fnitn the life ; from an unsoph Sticat^ bachelpr's point of view, it's a dangerous study—so' wte-' turned to literature for informalion^andffot so beautifully tangle i up wiih conHicti-g opinions that we gave it up in disgust. * * * As we write, a wave of recollection sweeps before our mental vision Aristophanes' 1 Parliament of jWomen,' and with it comes the remembrance of our first check in the study of the Eternal Feminine. Aristophanes knew what he was talkiog about, so we cm take what he says for gospel. The particular seen? in the play that impressed us turns on a war which f ir yeare drained the Greek cities of all the men£capab'e of bearing arms, and, naturally enough, the women grew terribly lonely, and a public meeting wis called to devise means of putting an eid to this senseless strife and getting the men back to what might be termed ' Achaia, home, and beauty.' The meeting, which, of course, was ' for women only,' was crowded, and ptetty soon the chairlady got to business, and declared that she had a fcheme which, if steadfastly followed out by all the married women present, would put an end to the war in a moatb,and make the men think twice—and think 4 Hang war!' on both occasions—before they ever engaged in another scrimmage. • « • • This announcement was received with a hurricane of applause, and every woman present declared herself perfectly willing to follow out the chairlady's proposal to the ve'j letter. ' I would go through fire and water in order to put a stop to this senseless strife,' exclaimed one indignant dame. ' I'd live on one mial a week for the same purpose,' saii another, and a third matron cutdid all the rest by declariag that if it would ensure the stoppage of the war, she would cheerfully allow herself to ba »p it in two with a eword. Order being restored, thi chair-lady again ros", and said :' My scheme is as sin pie as it is effioaciou*. You know that each husband engaged in the war is allowed to return to his home f r a fortnight's rest onifi every year. Our husbands will be due for furlough next week, and now i propose tbat instead of rushing to meet them an* shower caressei upon them, we take no notice of thpm whatever ; we shall not s.llow the™ a single embrace ; we shall not «peak a siug'e loving wo'd to them ; we shall be as cold as blo:k«|of ice, and «o freeze thetn into submission to our wills.' * • * Ins'ead of B'ich a very m "pie proposal as that being received with loud applause, how- ever, a universal eroin rang through the great hill ; t. e ohaitlady w»s reviled for asking impossibilities, and the doughty dame who had signified her willingness to go throueh fire and water, said : 'Oh I nek ua something easirr than thatT The woman -who professed to be r«ady to live on one meal a week, moaned : ' I haven't seen my busband for a whole year. What you a«k could not be performed even by the eoddess Diani -herself.' The wife who bnos'ed tbat she •would cheerfully BuSmit ti buintf split in halves by a sword, rose to leave, and flatly aid : 1 Don't count on me if that's the idiotic task you would impose up tn us Sainted Lucina ! What do you think a woman's made of 1' Then the meeting broke up in 'admired disorder,' and further on in the play we find that the first woman to sneak out under cover of the night and meet her husband and throw her loving arms tound bis neck and almost smother him with burning kisses, was the chairlady herself ! How cau men hope to ever understand women's nature when they really do not understand it t hemselves 7 * * » • A lady who recently spent, a few weeks' holiday in the neighborhood of Bunbury tel's the following :—One day down theie she bought a pat of nice fresh butter from a farmer's young daughter, who was pccom panied by her small brother. Lookine adrn iringly at the butter as she unwrapped it and liiditon a plate, she inquired, smilin.'ly, ' And how does your mother put this prett i pattern on the butter?' 'Oh! s e does it with our comb,' volubly exclaimed the little fellow, • before his * sister had • time to » answer. An editor of our acquain'ance has occasioned tne wildest speculation to account for a bachel nhood pro'racte t in'o the ' sere and yellow 1 af.' It is n <w explained that a postscript to a n:attimnu:al off^r did the buei ess anl relegated the »'i resaid editor to a fi)I'll er period of single blessedness. This seems to h*ve been the substai.ee matter of hs correspondence :—' 1 Dearest.—I have cart-fully analysed the. f eling I entertain for you, and the result is subbtantially as follows: I adore, you ! Will you be m<ne 1 Answer.' Then, after si moment's meditation, in a dreaminp, absent way, 'he added : ' Write only on one side of the paper. Write plainly, and give real name, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee (of good faith.' The lady cmc rned married another ' feller,' and the miserable quilldrivcr still wobbles on in the fiftieth year of his oneness. • * • • Misfortunes, they say, never come singly. If a man's chimney catches fire it's bad enough—ask any housewife, particularly when it's the only ttue on the premises— but the sufferer almost always has to face an indignant Bench into the bargain, and pay for having it put out. In the infancy of the Qeraldton municipality, Ba)s a local scribe, its first mayor—he was styled merely ' chairman' in those days—was Dan Scott, a gentleman once as well known and looked up to as the lamented Charles Crowther. There was also a town clerk at the gorgeous screw of £10 per annum. Mayor Scott, however, had misgivings as to this officer's literary ability, and whnn the time came for drawing up the by-laws he determined to do the job himself. » * « He did it, and the rules were duly gazetted. One of them read as follows :—* Any person depositing rubbish on any portion of ihe municipality or allowing his chimney to take fire without the permission ot the chairman shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £5.' rhimney fires were raiher scarce after that, as the chairman's permission was not easy to i b*nin. Some few recidess fellows did have their little conflagrations without the civic potentate's sanction, and were duly mulcted. After some months the oy-law was worded in accordance with the spirit of the Act and the eternal fitness of things. A fire occurred at Cue on Wednesday night in a houB-i occupied by Daniel Corrigan and his wife. It was a three-roomed building of wood and ir.m and burnt very rapidlv. No lurnii ure was saved. The total loss is estimated at £150. The fire brigade was quickly on the scene, but by the time the water waB pumped the place was practically destroyed. A tent occupied-by a sick woman adjoining was pullei down to save it fron fire, and the furniture was saved. According to tne United States ' Mining Statutes,' the locator of a mining claim has the exclusive right of possession and enjoyment of all of the. surface of his claim, and of all veins, lodes, or ledges throughout their entire depth, the top or apex of which lies inBide bis surface lines extended vertically downwards. The owner of a mining claim may follow his ledge, should its dip carry him beyond his s de lines extended vertically down, so long as be does not trespass on the surface of another claim; but in no case can be go beyond his end lines, which must in all cases be parallel. The Lands Department has been supplied by the inspector of conditional purchases engaged in the Wagin distiicc with an interesting report of the indus'ry of a half-ca°te settler ii tie district. The settler in question. whose name is A. Norman, is married to*!fhay• castra^wif e, and both were reared with the •frlac'jcsAj Th-iy have now a u'ce little farm, having t^ten up land and carried out tfcW necessary improvements. They have also,thelj^qnieite plant for the farm opeiat^o6's, and filap a quantity of stock. VhiS^gure^if deaths and births published in the ' Journal^fficiel' in December,' says the Parig^ correspondent of the ' Daily Chronicle,' s shoflTa total of 859,107 births againBt 751,019 deaths. The rate oi decrease in births in comparison with the other nations of Europe still continues. Taking the total population of Franci at 38,269,011, there appears to be an increase in 32 departments, whilst in the remaining 55 the diminution is more notable than bef re the preceding census. The annual proportion of births in France is 21 per 1,000, against 38 per 1,000 in Germany, Austria and Italy, and 33 per 1,000 in Kngland. The appointment is gazetted (says a Tondon paper) of Mxjor- General the Hon Reginald Talbot, C.B., to succeed 1 ieut- Oeneral Sir Francis Grenfell. G.C.B., as commander-in-chief of the British &rm.v; of (ccupation in Egypt. He is the son of the eighteenth Karl of Shrewsbury, and uncle to the present Earl. He was born in 1841, and obtained a commission <n the 1st Life Guards in 1859, receiving his first step in Dromotion some fonr years later. In 1867 he was puzetted captain, and while holding tfaat rank represented North Staffordshire in the House of Commons for a period of five years, retiring from politics in order to take part in the Zuiu War, through which he served with distinction as a volunteer. He was appointed Major in 1881, and in 1882 attained the rank of Lieutenant-colonel, in which years he saw servicfi with his gallant regiment in the Arabi Pasha rebellion, taking part in the eogieeraente at El Magfar, Marsuma, the two brilliam cavalry charges at Kessassin, battle of Tel-el- Keb r, and capture of Cairo. The head of the Talbot family, whose fall title is K«ri nf hr wbury and Talbot, is the premier Earl of England. (0 £ 0 P 0) lli 1 t- flC bJ > o W t- o X (fl Q. < z Cfl o z o < DC 