A True Story of Deep High ?; Life. Awxy, within (if y milea of Syiinny ... .i»;« watering plate «.'ith an hotnl'like BCO 'iniDodation. Iioush, where well-tn. . -t« \\)POpla enjoy quietude and aoeUfuon . putaidu ihi- mad i'»ir of tbe worhudtiy worl'J. Hnrfi h few slmrt- wettka ago Wnre, nmungat o'hor visitors, th» lniiiFoiiH wiirf a oynney cammorcHl magnate, addicted to alcobolio drink, accompanied by a female attendant. H«, the husbxnd, a man of society .and 'he. world, must have snmn uno to IOwh him and t-- love, an hu« ? uli, jpf«ll ! no? mention that In mi ndj.i rii! mom on '1 u» K.'uvf . ,j|;.0,r II- '' i! ;-'l-r':uiu trmieus- \v-, f»- - 1, ; fhn mrtii ii||,.»b ii-.uih evryoiic w! kno* it it w«r»' e»Mii hinted «f, wet* w two younir Indies, Those name . »Ik9 ara uiiivercallv known, mid wli'. ? rf'l'ira th« iiinnraiiisf oirolea of .S/dney society. TJwse, then, are. the p--r«onR per forming in our comiu'i.tragady. fiam s: 1\. a.m. , Wife wakes hnr . attendant, Hnd iiriicnnds with her downstairs to i vnr.of.thn h'-u-o. All ih quiet, all 't, a- d n- thing movioK, save iu the trees in the vn- dot k A dug bark* and a ourlew 4ftT=li**k- ? 'tbHi wi. e these two women Jft'^Mgbt attirH h--ar and see nothing 'fhnt 'iittur' s 'r affrights them. Tb*-v set out to return, and all go n ?*jl 'i'l tbey pnter, as they think, their ijwii rpom ; then a scene ensues which ^ta^les all description .Instead of entering their own room, th«y are in unother, a dimly-lighted rqom ojoupied by the Misses ? who are also in night-dresses, but who have .got their fotes both covered with a coating of white plaster that had only just dried, and which had been painted on to proservo their complex ions. The imbecile wife, inatead of oeeinti that ohe was io tho wrong room, and jbat she bad disturbed two of tbe Vpiseat damaelo in tbe land in their 'otter-midnight vigilo at the mirrur. kjioaght she waa in her own room and aud in tbe presence of ghosts. Go ' ! oh oavo me ! Ghosts ! nb, horror ! What bave I done?' ' She shrieks hideously and swoons, the ,Janidlord and two male visitors rush 'Inlo the room, and there they are — four women ; two young ones painted and looking a gnstly white, an imbecile wife on the floor, a middle-aged attendant, too perplexed to do anything — even to rash out of tbe room and prevent three men seeing tho ghostly farce. . Late in the morning tho wife's at tendant called upon tho tv/o high-born dnknseta, and apologized for the intru sion, the mistake, and the spectacle, bat wound up by saying ; ' Well, it was your fault for painting your faces BOch a ghostly white.' Thus do somo of the rich folks live ! — Farm and Dairy. 