[?] PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. ? II Y $-? Witjger®{d ftioffoy, Author of 'An Exoellent Knave,' 'The Life and Adventures of Peg Woj&ngton;,', 'How Game He Dead,' 'A Justified Sinner,' ' On Wheels of Fire, ' 'The Most Gorgeous Lady Blessington,' &c;, &o.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXIV. In the JfrGHT Time. 'Whilst returning to the castle, Oriana thought over what had just happened, ? and felt moved with a misery such as j she had not suffered for months. For this conversation brought back with startling -vividness the tragedy or Philip's death, the remembrance oil the suspicion she had attached to the man she loved, the recollection of the almost unendurable terrors trom which she had suffered so long. Moreover, she believed that Foulshani associated her with a terrible crime. There was no mistaking his meaning. Nor were his surmises unreasonable. He had heard her cry out, he liad seen her hurry away that memorable night, and like all who knew her, he was aware that later on she had lost none of the advantages that a marriage with Philip would have secured her. All. that was plain ; what remained obscure was whether Foulsham considered Ivigel, who had profited so much by Philip's death, had connived at it, leaving her to act. This insidious doubt roused all her nervous fears afresh, and served as a theme for increased self-torture. Foulsham seemed' honest; hut how long would he remain so ? He had taken an oath to keep silent, but would ho some day break it ? If he failed to prosper abroad would he return to haunt her, to menace, to demand ? The wonder was that others — game- keepers or labourers, those who by accident or occupation had been in the park that night — had not seen her. For all she knew someone else had watched her, and would in time start forward to accuse her. There was really no security for her so long as life lasted ; she daily walked upon a mine that might explode at any moment. She was haunted by a thousand threatening thoughts, that bewildered her until her pulse throbbed at fever pitch, and she began to experience that sickly, numbing pain that of old had frequently attacked her head. From the moment Foulsham spoke she had resolved to give him all she possessed. Higel had settled on her a thousand a year, which she was free to spend as she pleased. On her honeymoon his excessive generosity prevented her from touching this sum, which would still he to her credit in full if her brother had not borrowed from her. She had yet some seven hundred pounds left, and this she would hand to Foulsham. Though it would lessen her nervous dreads to tell Eigel what had taken place, yet she determined to keep it secret from him, for she knew it would distress him, and she feared he would not allow her to remain under suspicion even at the risk of confessing what really had happened. And that must never he known. She would declare herself guilty rather than allow him to suffer, for she loved him dearer than her life. At dinner that night she was without appetite, her pallor was noticeable, and it was with difficulty she subdued her nervousness.' The party consisted of herself and Rigcl, his aunt, and Lady George Sedgcmoor. ' I have had a letter to-day,' scid Lady Trcntham, whilst the soup was being served, ' from that erratic creature Dr. Bickersteth, who tells me he has returned to town, whore at present there are very few of his friends, so that he doesn't quite know what to do with himself.' ' Why not ask him to come and stay here ?' lligel suggested. ' If it wore agreeable to Oriana, 1 should much like to invite him,' answered the countess, with her win ning smile. ' i\Iy dear aunt,' said the hostess, ' you know how pleased we should he to welcome any friend of yours.' ' That is most kind of you, my dear, and I will certainly ask him. lligel has already met him ; he is an old friend of Lady George, and I'm sure you will find him very interesting.' ' He is what I call decidedly breezy,' remarked the society entertainer. 'And now the question arises,' Lady Trentham said, addressing Oriana, ' as to where you will put him ; for though he is a bachelor — poor man — it will seem comfortless to send him away to the bachelor's quarters where he would have none of his species for neighbours.' ' There is the great tapestry room at the end of the corridor,' replied Oriana. ' Yes, as he has nerves of iron, I dare say he will not object to sleeping in a haunted room.' ' A haunted room?' repeated Oriana. full of interest. ' I never heard it had a ghostly character,' said Itigel, who strove to conceal his seriousness under cover of a smile. ' Ah, you have yet to learn all the family traditions. You might as well expect an old place like this to be without ivy as to be without a ghost,' answered Lady Trentham. ' Have you seen him ? ' asked Oriana, breathlessly, her eyes full of eagerness. ' If I had, my dear, I should not be here ; the fright would have killed me. When I was a girl I always- ran past the door of the room.' ' You really believed in him ?' Lady George said in surprise. ' I respected him as. an ancient tradi tion,' the countess answered evasively. ' How delighted Mrs. Ford Childer bert would be to meet him.' ; ^ Why docs he haunt this room in pcu titular ?' questioned Eigel. ' Because it was there he poisoned his brother, to whose title and estates he succeeded.' Eigel felt a cold thrill pass through him, whilst Oriana held her breath, her anxiety preventing her from further questioning the countess. 'I will point out his portrait in the gallery to-morrow,1 continued Lady Trentham. 'He looks remarkably handsome, and somewhat wicked. Per haps it was for both reasons he became a favourite with Queen Elizabeth, and it is said that like many others he spent more money on her than he ever received from her. At all events he was deeply in debt and was falling into discredit at court when it occurred to him that he might enrich himself by poisoning his elder brother, who was unmarried. The dose was given him in his beer one morning as he lay in bed, bv the younger brother who, with locked door, listened to his agonies until the end came. He died himself within a year, and in that same room, which grew to have a horrible fascina tion for him, and ever since he is said to haunt it. My nurse would never be persuaded that she had not seen him.' 1 His penance lias lasted a long time over 300 years,' Lady George said, laughing sceptically. 1 Poor spirit ! Poor spirit ! ' murmured Oriana, earnestly. Eigel said nothing, and from that time to the end of the dinner those at table failed to regain the unrestrained flow of their spirits. When more than once Lady George broached some lively subject it fell flat, and left a greater blank behind ; as might the sudden sound of laughter that had momentarily startled the stillness of a vault. In the drawing-room Itigel and his aunt played chess, Lady George sang, and Oriana read. The three women retired early. Eigel taking himself to the library, where he intended to read for some time. Seated in a great chair, his feet in slippers, he smoked in peace and read with delight chapter after chapter of a charming biography just published. The silence was unbroken without and within, save by the striking of the tower clock, until a sudden piercing shriek was heard ringing through the night. Eigel, recognising Oriana's voice, was electrified by horror. Instantly he started to his feet, but before he could reach the door a second shriek was heard. Eushing through the hall, he sprang upstairs, along a corridor and into Oriana's room. He was iirst to enter, and found her alone wrapped in a white dressing gown, her hair tossed liko waves of flame around her shoulders, her eyes wild with terror, her figure crouching in a distant corner, fear expressed in every feature and in every movement. ' Oriana,' he called out, his heart sinking at sight of her, 'what has happened ?' At first she. did not appear to see or hear him. Her white lips were mut tering inarticulate ,/ords, her long fingers were twitching convulsively, her eyes were strained as if seeking some abnormal sight. ' Oriana,' he called again, his horror deepening. With a start she looked at and clung to him, just as her aunt, Lady George, and a couple of maids hurriedly entered. ' I have seen him. I have seen him. Let me keep near you, for I fear him. Oh, Eigel, Eigel, come between us. He hates me — I saw it in his eyes.' ' Who ?' her husband asked. 'Philip. He was here. He came close to me. His breath turned me to ice. I cannot bear to see him again — to see his eyes full of reproach. Save me. Keep near me — keep near me.' Eigel put his arms round her pity ingly ; she was trembling from head to foot, and her hands were cold as marble. ' You are merely nervous, you have imagined ? ' ' ISTo, no,' she interrupted. 'He was here ; I know he was here.' 'My dear child,' said Lady Trentham. ' I am to blame for having frightened you with my foolish story.' Oriana looked at the startled com passionate faces around her, and then said gently, penitently as a child : ' Forgive me for having startled you. I could not help it, and God grant he may never come to me again. But he was here ; I know he was here.' CHAPTEE XXV. Doctor Bickeesteth Aehives. It was on the third day succeeding that terrible night that Oriana sat in her boudoir talking to Lady George. On the doctor being summoned from Dolgelle.yhe hadfoundher suffering from a severe shock to her nerves, had ordered her to keep perfectly quiet, given her an opiate, and recommended her to remain in her apartments for some time. This latter suggestion she was un willing to accept, because of her natural restlessness, and of the obstacle it would prove to her seeing Foulsham. Eigel, however, insisted on her obeying the doctor, and she submitted the more readily when she remembered that news of her illness would explain the breach of her promise to the game keeper. On visiting her this day she had seemed so well that the doctor gave her the permission she sought, to join the family circle at dinner, believing its cheering effects would benefit her. ' So that I look- forward to ray even ing with pleasure,' Oriana said to Lady George. ' My father is to dine with vis, ? ?:?. and I am to receive oiir guest, Dr. Bickersteth, who by the way, is an. old ' friend of yours, I believe ?' ' He is. You are sure- to like him ? ?in is bluff and honest, on-l as he always - ?peaks his mind he i« immensely popular.' 'Why?' Oriana inquired. ' Because it's suoh a noveity to henr ! the truth' about oneself. ^Tot that people believe him when it's disagreeable ; then he ceases to be entertaining, and is merely rude.' ' Already I feel interested in him.' ' You will be far more interested when you talk to him,' answered Lady George. 'He is most entertaining; for he is a famous traveller, a dis tinguished scientist, the proud discoverer of a new brain nerve, and a man who can write half the alphabet after his name.' ' Quite a remarkable person,' com mented Oriana. ' Quite. He has known the most famous people and the greatest lunatics in the world, and doesn't think there's much difference between them.' 'Lunatics?' ' Yes, he kept an asylum for the in sane somewhere abroad, where he ex perimented on his patients, and strove to cure them by hypnotic .suggestion, and I don't know what else. Some people say the doctor is as mad as his patients ; at all events he is very enter taining.' ' You make me long to know him,' said Oriana. Like most highly-strung people, she was quick to regain vitality under the stimulus of excitement, so that when evening came she felt quite her old self. She dressed early, aud was first to reach the drawing-room. A wood fire glowing on the great hearth took the chill from the April air, and gave a sense of comfort to the splendour of the vast room, at which she looked with pride and delight on coming back to it once more. As she sat on a low couch within range of a score of lights set in a golden cande labrum, she looked supremely beautiful, so dazzling was her complexion under the dee]) red halo of her hair, so shapely her neck and shoulders on which flashed the heirloom diamonds, so graceful was every curve of her tall, lithe figure. A moment later and Lady Trentham entered buttoning her glove. 'I hurried down,' she explained, ' that I might be here before Dr. Bicker steth. He arrived an hour ago, Glyn dwyr tells me. I am really delighted that he has come to us, for I want you to consult him, my dear.' ' But I am quite well, now,' Oriana answered. ' At all events you are looking quite well,' Lady Trentham rqplied, ad miringly, and after a second's hesitation she bent down and kissed Oriana, for whom she felt a deep affection that was not unmixed with pity. ' But I think my dear,' she continued, ' as we have this opportunity we should avail our selves of it to consult him ; he is said to be the first authority in Europe on the nervous system.' Before Oriana could reply the door opened, and her... father and Eigel entered. \ ' Ah, my dear, you arclooking wonder- r. J' fully well. Isn't 'she? Isn't she ? Eh ?r the major asked, as he turned from his daughter to her husband for confirma tion of his statement. ' No more nightmares, eh ? A spin across country would blow all foolish fears to jpjx winds. What do you say, dear boy,',,i we take her out to morrow. Eh ?' ' I fear it's too soon,' Itigel answered. ' Ah,' said Lady Trentham as sho arose; 'here is the doctor, 'and she advanced to shake hands with a burly, broad-shouldered man, with thick iron gray hair growing low on his square forehead, bushy eyebrows, overhanging eyes whose brightness had something metallic, a shaggy beard, protruding lips, and a chin, the feature that most distinguished the ape from the man, massive and determined. ; ' I know your journey from town has not fatigued a traveller like you,' saijl the countess. ' Sir Eigel and you havis already met, but I must introduce you to my niece, Lady Tregazkes.' On Oriana shaking hands with him he looked at her with frank admiration, and later with a puzzled look, which she saw, but failed to interpret. As she still looked at him she noticed a flash of surprise in his eyes as they rested on her father, who was standing a little way behind her. ' Why, Claypole, is that you ?' the doctor asked. ' None else, my dear Biekersteth, none else,' the major answered briskly, as they shook hands. 'I had no idea I should find you here.' ' I have been living in the district for years. This is my daughter,' he added, referring to Oriana. : ' Oh, indeed,' exclaimed the doctor, who was evidently still more astonished. ' Lady Tregazkes 'is your daughter.' In 'a second his metallic gray eyes ' flashed on Oriana and took in every detail of her appearance ; then, turning to her father, he remarked : ' You have scarcely changed in all these years. After all, it's mind that tells upon us.' ^ 1 Eh ? Yes, of course,' answered the . major good-humourcdly, and he turned to talk to Eigel. ; 'It's quite a pleasure to meet old friends, ' Bickersteth remarked to Oriana. ' I have known your father a good many years. I dare say you have heard him mention my name ?' pro be continued.! DH — 22 