THE PATRIOTIC FUND. A "QUEENSLANDER" LIST. Many of the newspapers of the colony have opened subscription lists for a fund to provide for the families of members of the Queensland contingent serving in South Africa, aa well as for any of the men them- selves who may suffer partial or total dis- ablement during the war. When the first contingent left Brisbane in November there was a spontaneous expression on the part of the citizens of a desire to found a relief fund, but it was checked by the announce- ment of the Premier that the Government would make all necessary arrangements. It has since become manifest, however, that the State arrangements are far from per- fect, and when the colonies of the Empire were invited to send reinforcements, and a second contingent was mooted, there arose an enthusiasm which far surpassed in in- tensity the former outburst. At the earnest request of readers the " Courier" opened a fund on Wednesday last week, and next day was able to announce the respectable total of nearly £100, the list being headed by a donation of £50 from a gentleman who pre- ferred to cloak his identity under the name of "Patriot." That day the total was considerably swelled by a cheque for £500 from Messrs. Stewart and Hemmant, and daily receipts have shown that there is an eager desire to contribute to the fund. The list now shows £1300. We shall be very pleased to receive donations from readers who feel disposed to give their mites to the good cause - a cause than which no better has been put forward since the colony was founded. All amounts as re- ceived will be acknowledged in our columns, and th* money will be transferred to the *.' Courier" fund, and alto acknowledged in that paper as subscriptions from " Queens- lander" readers. We hope to be able to announce in next week's issue a good list of names of liberal country readers. Though formers and graziers in maay parts of the colony have suffered cruelly from bad sea- sons and other reverses, we are sure that they will recognise the strong claims which oar volunteer soldiers have upon our gene- rosity in this crisis. To secure the proper distribution of the fund amongst those for whom it is designed, ar committee will be formed from amongst the subscribers, and the matter will be placed in their hands. Arrangements have been made with the Brisbane Newspaper Company's bankers (the Bank of New South Wales) that exchange Shall not be collected an cheques received by v* for the fund, so that country subscribers need only send cheques for the net amounts of their donations. ' In New Guinea the tingle young woman lets her hair hang about her shoulders In all its glory; but Immediately after, marriage She must hay* it cat ghost* 