ENTERTAINMENTS. CHRISTMAS PANTOMIME AT CREMORNE. 'LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD." In producing " Little Red Riding Hood " for their 'Christmas pantomime season, Messrs. Jones and Lawrence have provided a play for the most part of the traditional order, with rather more than a flavour of musical burlesque. The concluding act of three is giveu over entirely to speoialty turns, while the time honoured harle- quinade is omitted. Harlequinades havo ever possessed charm for both juveniles and children of a 1 arger growth at Christ mastide, and though a clown, pantaloon, harlequinade and columbine are missing in " Little Eed Hiding Hood," burlesque and pantomimic bueiness of a legitimately humorous nature abounds. Saturday nighf s audience in Cremorne Gardens was a very largo one, extra seating accommodation in the aisles having to be provided. The younger folks to whom a pantomime appeals most as an en- tertainment were poorly represented, but each and all of those present may be ex- pected to advertise well the merits of tho production, and attracting, as it deserves to do, large audiences the play should ex- perience a run of several weeks, and im- prove upon the record of a fortnight for | any one piece in Perth. With the view to attaining a full measure of success, Messrs. Jones and Lawrence effected a re- engage- ment of the services of Miss Lottie Moore and Mr. Albert Bellman, the two clever sketch artistes now so well known to the frequenters of Cremorne. The services also of the Farleys, a trio of pantomimists and specialty artistes, recently with tho Flying Jordans, were secured. This trio were seen to a disadvantage in the circus tent performance of the Jordans, but on a stage proper, under the condi- tions of the Cremorne pantomime, they are afforded the fullest opportunities for the display of their novel specialties, and the undeniable recalls accorded them on Satur- day night should be all- sufficient testimony to their undoubted abilities. Miss Lottie Moore was cast for the title roi» of the production, Mr. Bellman taking the part of the Baron de Wolf, while the Farley Brothers, Will and Guy, .filled the characters of Clod and Bo3ey Kate, two rustics. The provision of most of the comic business rests in the hands of the Farley Brothers, though the characters of Puck (the Forest King^), Dame Hood, Wiggle Waggle, and Billy Hood, con- tribute to that end in no small degree. "Everybody's pet," Little Eed .Biding Hood, the Baron de Wolf, and Biding Hood's faithful beau, Jack, ara the more sentimental characters in the plot of the pantomime, which tells simply the old familiar fairy tale. Localised and adapted by a local pressman, who prefers to remain incog., the pantomime has run- ning through it veins of humorous hits, and plays upon tho names of public men, the main lode of unobjeetioiiablo s&tire; in- cluding references galore to political and municipal incidents, and love tap3 at 'Perth identities. The wording and string- ing together of these in rhyme has been done most creditably, 'and the intended effect of laughter- making was achieved fully. Sallies in the form of references' to Mr. Brookman's motor-car, tho alluvial miners' grievances, the electric trams, ' political dissensions, the W.A.T.C and tho control of lotteries, federation and the palates of Perth policemen w< humorous enough. The punning perpe- trated in the rhyming was also clever. The adaptation ot the original lines of the pantomime has been done well and brightly, tho localising is thoroughly np to date, and, in respect particularly to the trio " I've Just Had a Wiro to Say So," between Eed Biding Hood, Jack, and Baron de Wolf, in the second act, this is specially the case. Miss Lottie Moore filled the rôle of Littlo Bed Biding Hood as though born to the part. Her first entrance was greeted by a prolonged round of applause. Tho naivete and brightness with which she invested the character won her the admiration of all, and her three vocal numbers-a solo in the first act; a song, " I Can't Think of Noth- ing Else but You," wita a chorus of village children, in the second, and the coon turn, "Lu, Lu, I Lubs You, Yes, I Do, I Do," in the last act were each received enthusiastically. The gifted little lady accompanied her lost song with a dance, and concluded by giving her own " Over " specialty, the audience insist- ing on a repetition of the feat. Mr. Albert Bellman made himself at home thoroughly as the villain of the play, the Baron de Wolf, described in the bill as a blood- thirsty monster. His scenes with Eed Biding Hood were made the more interest- ing by reason of Mr. Bellman's affectation of the cruel nature of the bold bad animal intent on harming the littlo girl. In one of these scenes, however, tho adaptation of the pantomime plot provided ¿or an inter- lude in the form of a duet between Miss Moore and Mr. Bellman. This was tho "duet, " When a man and a maiden begin to woo," the kissing by- play being very amus- ing. Mr. Bellman in this gave a sketch of the manner in which a loving husband dashes away from his breakfast and loving wife ia all anxiety to catch his 'bus for the city. Tho congenial rôle of the principal boy of the piece, Jack (Eed Biding Hood's lover) was undertaken by Miss Ettie Williams, whose re-appearanoo in Perth was greeted by a lound of applause. With littlo olso to do than io deliver love-making heroic lines in evidence of sincerity towards Eed Eiding Hood, Mis3 Williams made the port of Jack an attractive character. Her solo ' For it*s~Hard to Say Good-bye," and ; her duet with Rod Riding Hood "When we aro Married," were both encored, the latter being a sweetly pretty number. M.ÍS3 Moore and Miss Williams dressed their respective parta most lavishly, and, I with Mr. Bellman and the Farleys, they f may be named as having achieved the chief successes of the pantomimo. Their per- formances were marked by all the ease of style required from them and a perfect acquaintance with their lines. The minor characters in the pantomime were little les3 well sustained. Mr. Ted Sutton, as Devastino, the Wolf's lieu- tenant, had not much fo do other than to look foolish and act promptly in obedience to his master's orders, and this ho did well. Wiggle Waggle, brother of Red Riding Hood, was impersonated by Mr. A. Hyman, and very funny he made iho character. Puok was a character intended to carica- ture a well-known public man, and this wa3 done to an extent. Introducing a speech burlesquing a number of public ut- terances of members of ttío Ministry, with repetitions of interruptions that, according to Hansard, will bo handed down as political history, Mr. Harry Gray essayed to create laughter each time he spoke, and did so. As.a diminutive policeman, woaring clothes several sizes too large, Mr. Gray was most ridiculous. He was responsible for the song " The Peaceful Policeman," which satirisod the duties of the local police force. Miss i'lorrie Ranger found a congenial part in tho impersonation of Billy Hood, a larrikin. Her song, "I'm king of the bottle oh ! push " was received so favour- ably that an extra verse was demanded. The Lennon Brothers, Ted and Bert, filled the parts of I he First Ghost and Second Ghost respectively, and attired in quaint and skelotonic drosses, performed their light duties creditably. The old favourite, Mr. Joe Cowan, fairly revelled in the part of Dame Hood. Tho liberties ho took with other characters, his own quaint mannoriams and original by-play onsured success for Mr. Cowan. Mr. Harry Carle- ton had but a brief appearance to make as Granny. Miss Celia Ghiloni appeared as Queen Frolic în the prologue, Miss Jessie Thornton as Felicia the Fairy Queen, Miss Amy Thornton as Buttercup (the Queen's attendant), Miss Stella Ranger as Astacia (another fairy), and Miss Farley as Ze netta. In the third scene iu Act I. the Farley Brothers gave the duet "At the Hotel Where We Live," and in tho second scene (a prison) in Act IL, their duet, "Trison Reforms"-a skit on the move- ment to improvo the conditions in prisons -made a big hit. In the concluding act tho three Farleys gave a mandolin and banjo trio to march time, and followed by an eccentric dance. Messrs. Carleton and Sutton rendered one of their inimitable song and dance turns, the patter which followed being vory mirth-provoking. An absence of vulgarity is the characteristic of this "double's" business. Mr. Harry Gray, in the extravagant costume of Puolr, repeated his first Cremorne success, the laughing song, "So did I," and could not escapo two encores. The Sisters Thornton and Miss May Marlow gava a neat dance, which was recalled. Chief of all the " festivities at the Wolf's castle," the concluding scene, was Mr. Bellman's song, in the guise of Father Christmas, entitled, "Good Old Father Christmas." In this the singer concluded tho chorus of each verso by producing from his bag of gifts appropriate presents for children, the aged and infirm, the goldfields separationists, and His Excellency the Governor, to whom references woro mads in the verses of the song. The idea was an excellent one, and Mr. Bellman made the most of <tho opportunities the song presented. The reierence3 to Her Majesty's representative are, however, open to question, and upon tho whole at least one of tho number inighc bo excised with- out sacrificing the humour of the piece. The full strength of the company was not on Saturday night called into lequisition in the presentation of variety turns in the last act, the clever Lennons, Miss Stella Rangor, and Miss Marlow individually being missed. In subsequent performances, however, these artistes will appear. The mounting, dressing, and stage management of the pantomime call for more than passing notice. The minor characters, in addition to the stars to whom special reference is made above, were all dressed with due regard to effectiveness, and the three new cloths by Mr. Charles Basing, used in several of the scenes, assisted in the same direction. The arrangement of a march by a number of children, Red Riding Hood's playmates, was creditable. To Mr. Harry Fitzmaurice, apart from the performers, is due special praise for his untiring energy, with the object of staging a pantomime worthy of appreciation. The tedium of long re- hearsals and heavy work in arranging tho minutest details in regard to the produc- tion culminated in Mr. Fitzmaurice's suc- cessful presentation of the pantomime, the stage management of which left nothing to be desired. Mr. James Stewart com- petently arianged most of the music for the pantomime, and led his orchestra without a hitch. CREMORNE CHRISTMAS CONCERT. In Cremoruo Gardens to-night Messrs. Jones and Lawrence's company will pre- sent a secular bill, vocal and instrumental numbers of a seasonable nature being the principal items on the programme. "THE ABSENT-MINDED BEGGAR.' Saturday night marked a double event at Nicholson and Co.'s music warehouse, Barrack-street. The opening of their lately added and spacious showrooms upstairs, and the public performance for the first time iu Australia of the patriotic song, '* The Absent-Minded Beggar." According to- au advertisement in tho morning's papers the sonsr was announced to be given by Mr. Henry Hicks at 8 o'clock, but long previous to that hour tho showrooms were densely thronged, so that further admis- sion to them had to be denied, and then the crowd commenced to congregate in front of the shop. By tho time the ap- pointed hour had arrived Barrack-street, from Murray to Hay streets, was blocked by people, and looking from tho second story of the warehouse a sea of faces was to bo soen surfing and swaying backwards and forwards. Mr. H. Hicks, the vocalist, was received with demonstrations of good- will when he made his appearance, and gavo a capital, vigorous, and manly exposi- tion of the music and words, the chorus being given by Messrs. Men- doza. H. Wright, Kent, J. E. Andrew, C. B. Rushton, and Conder, and the accom- paniment played by Mr. W. E. Crome. The words of the song have already appeared in these columns, and, whilst they aro in- spiriting and stirring, thero is a pathetic ring underlying them which appeals strongly to people's sympathies at the pre- sent crisis. Indeed, it was suggested in several quarters that, had Messrs. Nichol- son and Co. taken up a collection for tho Nurses' Fund on Saturday night during the singing of the song, it would havo been liberally responded to. Sir Arthur Sullivan's music is fittingly martial in character, and is sufficiently s-vinging and melodious to bo le.irnt easily. After the refrain of tho first verse had been given,, it was noticeable that numbers of the audience were able to take up tho chorus quito accurately. At its close enthusiastic applause was readily forthcoming, and an encore was insisted upon and complied with. After a few minutes' interval Mr. Henry Hicks repeated tho song from the open w*indow for the benefit of tho hun- dreds of people waiting in the street, and, after they in turn had expressed in a de- monstrative fashion their appreciation of tho treat afforded them by Mossrs. Nichol- son aud Co.'s liberality and enterprise, the crowd slowjy dispersed. QUEEN'S HALL. At this hall to-night a fine programme of sacred music will be given. Amongst other items aro the following :-" I know that My Redeemer Liveth" (Messiah), Miss Louie Tremere Legge ; " The Lost Chord," Miss Jean Drummond; "It IB Enough " (Elijah), Mr. J. Ernest Andrew j " Nazareth," Mr. Henry Hicks ; and " He Wa3 Despised " (Messiah), Miss Amy Otta- way. Selections will also be given hythe mixed and male quartettes, and recitations by Mr. John Cosgrove, the well-known actor. The price of admission is one shil- ling to all parts of the hall. FEEMANTLE TOWN* HALL. MACMAHON'S LYCEUM DEAMATIC, COMPANY. To-morrow evening (Boxing, night) Mi. C. Macmahon will inaugurate a season of four nights at the Town Hall Fremantle, when his popular company will produce the nautical breezy drama, " My Jack." Pre- parations for this production have been in progress for some time past, and a very elaborate representation is promised. On Friday, the last night of the season, an Armstrong bicycle will be given away by Mr. Macmahon without any condition, all purchasers of tickets during any night of the season having an equal opportunity of securing the gift. A strong committee, including the Mayor (Mr. E. Solomon), Mr. J. J. Holmes, M.L.A., Cr. O'Beirne. and other prominent citizens will supervise the drawing arrangements, THE PAYNE FAMILY. TO-NIGHT'S SACBED CONCEET., The clever Payne Family of musicians and bellringers will to-night open a return season in Perth, in the Town Hall, present- ing a sacred concert programme. To-mor- row (Boxing) night and the four following nights secular entertainments will be given. * THEATEE BOYAL. . "SINBAD, THE SAHTOB." Miss Kate Howarde'a opera company will to-morrow night present the Christmas pantomime, " Sinbad, the Sailor," at the Theatre Boyal. A specially strong cast has been prepared for the production, of which new scenery will bo a feature. 