Preachers' Column Why not a Revival ? Why not have revivals ? The pulpit is the spot on which to throw the search light. Whv is the nower — Q — . . . j ? ? r - — to prick the heart and conscience almost a lost art ? Have we the courage to declare the whole counsel of God and preach the sterner truths of the gospel ? Are the subjects chosen for present-day preaching calculated to lead to con viction and conversion : are they truths which the Holy Ghost can use for the regeneration of men ? We must aim at and expect conversions before we can get them. We must humble ourselves before God, put away that spirit of the world which has paralyzed our faith and fervour, renew our consecration, and receive the life-giving power, freshness,, and enthusiasm of a Divine baptism, if we are to recover our loBt ground and have an unexampled quickening of Church life. There are many ministers and Churches devoutly longing and laboring for this ; but the whole Church must be on its knees, and the whole Church must have an enrichment of spiritual life and an increase of soul converting power if we are to repeat the victories and wonders of the past. This is the urgent, primary need of Methodism, and the whole Church must unite in this mighty spiritual movement. It is acknowledged that there is no Church in the world, except it be the Eoman Catholic, that has so perfect an organized governmental machinery as our own. Let our bishopB, our Sacrum Collegium , in their biennial meetings and in the superintendency of Con ferences, hold the Church to its one avowed purpose to 'evangelize the continent and spread Scriptural holiness over these lands.' Let our presiding elders call the pastors and official members together for consultation and prayer and the deepening of the work of God in their own hearts, after the manner of those District Conventions being held by the President of the Wesleyan Conference, to call the attention of the ministers and lay officers of Wesleyan Methodism, an army of more than a quarter of a million, to a fuller self-renunciation, arcl whole-hearted self-surrender to Christ. Let our great schools of Learning be filled with revival energy, and our powerful denominational press spread the news of reviyal work and summon the people everywhere to evangelistic effort, and soon that old-time revival, which has not entirely lost its magnifi cent music, will thrill the heaTts ot this generation as in the ' years of the right hand of the Most High.' Only an unprecedented unanimity and continuity ot thought and prayer, of sympathy and effort, will call the whole Church back to those high ideals and aspira tions, those principles and methods that have been bo abundantly blessed of Q-od in the past. — Rev. Hugh Johnston, D.D., in Western Christian Advocate. 