Apparitions. By W.H.L. COPYRIGHT. The other day I was reading "Sir Walter Scott's Letters," and in one of the many to the Duchess of Abercorn he mentions the tragic and melancholy end of Lord London derry, which had just taken place. I was rather startled when I rend the following passage:— "It is curious that Lord London- derry was the only man I ever heard af firm that he had seen an apparition, except- ing Lord Ersklne, a person of so flighty a character that one does not wonder at any thing he could say. ... It is now plain that the vision had been the creation of n temporary access of his constitutional In firmity." Well, out of all Sir Walter's vast acquaint anceship, he had only heard two persons say that they had ever seen an apparition; and of these two one was a flighty person who could say anything, and the other was in sane. Now I believed that I myself had seen apparitions— therefore to which flock was I to draft myself, the insane sheep or the giddy goats? So 1 was led to analyse and criticise my ghosts, and I can account for them all, except one— and a noise. Now the noisy ghost is, as a rule, the most easily ex plained; but this particular noise was heard in company with two sane and sober men, and is altogether difficult to account for. The one ghost which I cannot explain may doubtless have many explanations, but it has peculiarities. Here is the story, if story it can be called; but there is nothing exciting or blood curdling about it to render It suit able for a Christmas number of an illus trated magazine. One winter's evening, when a boy, I was sitting at the top of a flight of stairs which led from the top to the bottom story of our old home In the South of Scotland. At the bottom of the stairs was a large landing, with doors and passages leading off from it. The door immediately facing the stairs was rather a large one, opening into a lumber room, and over the center of it was a gas jet, burning brightly. One passage leading from the landing came right back below the stairs, so that anything dropped through the bannisters from the top of the stairs where I was sitting would have fallen into this pas- sage--a considerable way back from the land- ing and the gas jet. Presently something caught my eye moving in the passage im mediately below me— a figure, probably a servant, I might have thought, but I do not remember thinking anything at all about it, until the figure neared the light, when the style of dress struck me as being unusual, and then my attention became fixed on movements. By the time it had come well un der the light of the gas its back was towards me, and I could not see the face. A black skull cap was on the head, the shoulders were rather high and were covered by a black Inverness, cape which reached nearly to the knees; knee breeches, also dark in color, and dark hose and shoes were all the remaining details of dress of which I saw, or can remember. The figure walked, or rather glided, very, slowly, to the door underneath the gas jet, and then disappeared. I ran and told my elders what I had seen, and a search was at once made for a supposed intruder, but with no results. Now there are numer ous explanations for this vision. I was young, imaginative, fond of fairy and ghost stories, belonging to a family with a pre disposition to nerves. But the light was good, the vision was clear, and my brother (un- known to me at the time) had seen the same curiously dressed figure near the same place some 10 years before. It must be nearly 40 years ago since he saw it, and it is over 30 years since my own experience, but the remembrance is very clear to us both, and neither of us at that time can have been affected as was poor Lord Londonderry. Of course I may, without remembering it, have been told of the figure that my brother had seen, and of Its strange garments; but I am nearly certain that I knew nothing about it. It is more probable that we had hereditarily the same imagination. I am quite sure that certain styles of dreams run in families, and if so, why not day dreams, visions, hallucinations? In this case the supernatural reason for an appearance was the self Inflicted death of an old gentleman, not of the seer's family, in one of the bed rooms leading from the passage where I saw the figure. I was unaware of the tragic story at that time. "Whether or not he had worn in this life garments like those seen in the vision I know not; and if he had, what busi ness had his poor clothes to be stalking about a house 50 years after their unfor- nute owner was only n handful of dust? It is rather a curious fact that none of the ghosts of fiction ever change their clothes, so it will go hard with the tailors in the land of shades. The other unexplained occurrence, the noise, was experienced under the fol lowing circumstances:— Three of us bro thers were, during the long vacation, liv ing In the same house in which knee breeches and Inverness cape had been twice seen. We were all sleeping in rooms off the passage which I have already mentioned. Just be yond the bedrooms there was a swing door lending into a stone floored passage of some length, then from this another swing door opened into the kitchen offices. We had put our two dogs into the kitchen for the night as usual. They were a Ger man dachshund and a Dandle Dia mont terrier, and were very good friends and not given to quarrelling with each other. We were all in bed, and I had been asleep for some time when I was awakened by one of my brothers standing at my bed side, half dressed, with a lighted candle in his hand. "Burglars," he whispered, and in a moment I was up and hudling on a few clothes, while my brother told me the rea sons for the alarm. He had awakened hear- ing the dogs in the kitchen growIlng and barking, and he was convinced from their manner that there was something quite un usual exciting their anger. Even as he was telling me the noise recommenced. The dogs were certainly in a state of great excitement; judging from their behavior you would have said that they were attacking some one, half growling, half barking. You have seen ter riers doing this round a man's legs, now, jumping back to evade his kicks, or strokes from a stick; then leaping forward again, very angry, but scarce daring to lay hold. We were now joined by a third brother, an athlete, and a member of the Oxford Univer sity eleven. Indeed we were all three more or less athletic; we were in rattling good condition, and had no fears about the re sult of an encounter with burglars. Om only anxiety was to effect n capture, for we were quite certain there was a burglar or burglars there. We crept noiselessly through the swing door, along the stone pas sage, and then paused at the door leading into the kitchen offices. "Now be ready to strike a match in case they make a rush for it, and blow out our candle," one of us whis pered. Then in we stole and lit the gas. The dogs had their bristles up, and were ob viously excited, but they showed no signs of fear. There was nothing there. We searched all the offices carefully, and locked all the doors after us; then, taking the dogs with us, we went to bed, ex amining the rooms off the stone passage on our way back. All was quiet, and we went to bed rather mystified. Scarcely was my, gas out, and my head on the pillow, than there came the most tremendous crash front the kitchen, as if every bit of crockery in the house had been thrown en masse on the stone floor. So real did it seem that each one of us could have sworn that we had heard the broken pieces "sclinting" over the flooring. We all met In the passage, ran straight to the kitchen and lit the gas. All was quiet, not a mouse stirring, not a cup or saucer, not a pot or pan, out of Its place, not a window smashed. Some years after, while living alone in the same somewhat long, rambling house, I awoke at 2 o'clock one morning, for no reason that I could ac count for, and lay awake for some little time. Suddenly the same noise seemed to shake half the house; I did not go to investi gate, but strange to say fell asleep almost at once. I believe that the present occupiers of the house have never seen or heard any- thing supernatural, which may be an argu ment in favor of hereditary apparitions, or the hereditary faculty or seeing visions. I am much luckier than Sir Walter, how ever, or times have changed. I have known several people who have affirmed that they have seen ghosts; but since reading the letters I have been ana lysing them, and have come to the conclu- sion that they were either ordinary liars, flighty people like Lord Erskine, or insane. But this statement rather savors of the re- mark made by the wife of a certain Scotch Minister. She and the minister were just "unco guid," and spared no pains to pro-.. claim it, nor also that the rest of the parish were "by ordinary" had. To such an extent did these two rub it in that at last an angry member of the congregation broke out with. "Well, Mrs. M'lntosh, it looks as if no one can be saved except you and the minis- te." " Well," replied the lady of the manse, I am not very sure about the minister."'So if I may be accused of inferring that all ghost-seers are liars, flighty or insane except - myself or my brother, I must perforce re ply, "Well, i nut not very sure about ____" Hush! But lit spite of these unexplained facts, alas, the older we get the more do these old cherished beliefs in ghosts vanish. Their appearance is, as a rule, so objectless or so palpably unfair to other ghosts who do not revisit the glimpses of the moon that one becomes fain to confess that the whole thing is 'just "bletherums." Australia is not a ghostly country— in fact, we seem, during a century or so, only to have propagated one ghost. He has become a sort of national spirit, but be grows terribly thin as ho gets- older— Fisher's ghost. Only one man saw it, or said he saw it. Of course, he could not give his evidence in a law court, and his story has no doubt, been garbled in many ways since he first told it. Then, when he told his tale, already suspicion was point- ing very strongly at the actual murderer. Probably Farly, the ghost seer, saw a great deal more of the actual crime than he ever mentioned, and it is quite likely that he gave the black tracker the wink. Another pos sible theory is that the murderer, blundering in that fatal way so common to murderers, personated the ghost in Fisher's clothes. This is surely much more easily understood than that the spirit of this one murdered man, out of so many that must have met a similar and unavenged fate in this country, should have had the power to return for the purpose of giving the murderer up to jus tice. When we look at all the great ghosts of literature, we find that they are all very objectless, or their ob ject Is revenge. In a spirit of health this is surely very wrong indeed, and why should a goblin damned be so peculiarly favored above his more saintly fellows? Hamlet's ghost, for instance, is allowed to return for purposes of vengeance. Ceasar's ghost appears to Brutus out of sheer "cus- sedness," simply to annoy Brutus; and Ban- quo's ghost, to take a rise out of Macbeth. When Judas's ghost appeared to St. Brander he was avowedly out for an airing only, and to cool his tongue on the iceberg; but more probably he was there for the purpose of giving Brander an excellent text for a Christmas sermon. The ghosts hi the old ballads arc there purely for poetical reasons. Clerk Saunders's ghost, the spirit of the three sons of the wife of Usher's Well, are the mainstay of two very beautiful old bol- lnds, and are records of the kind of thing our ancestors believed ghosts to he. The spirits of the three sons of the wife of Usher's Well were called Into being by the mutterable longing of the bereaved mother; Clerk Saunders's by the hopeless yearning of the lover. Alas! what would we not all give to be able to call up the same phantoms? The wind sighs, and the sea moans with many voices; but that is all. The veil, so easily penetrated from this side, falls hack as each one passes, and nothing is ever seen. But for those who have passed through the veil will for ever hang inviolate. And would we be persuaded even though one were raised from the dead? 