WIT AND HUMOR { Happiness Is like a" kitten's tail—hard to catch; but there's plenty of fun in chasing it. Tommy: "Pa. what is •Mr Figg: "He is a man who of two evils prefers both." Tom:' ''What are the relations between -you and Miss Cavendish - ?" Jack (gloom illy): "Her father and her mother." He (cautiously): "What would you say, •darling-, if I should ask you to be my -wife?" Darling: "Ask me and find out," - Constance: "What lovely embroidery! • And do you alsa paint?" Violet: "No, dear, I often envy you that accomplish- \- ment." • Biggs: "Is that Mr Cobb's wife with him on the tandem?" His Friend: "Cer. •tainly. Can't you see she is doing all the •wort" "Less than a year ago," she mused, "he sajd he would lay down bis life for -me. and now he won't even^put up the ••window blinds!" "It is well to leave something for those •who come after us," as a man said who threw a barrel in the way of a constable "who was chasing him. Be: "We cannot sit on this bench. It -is freshly painted." She: "If you were •really in love, as you say you are, you would never have noticed the paint." Professor (to his wife): "I never know -how to take you, Amelia. Jwo years ago you were dying for that ha™ and now I've •bought it you don't like it at all! •'l wonder," said the superficial student^ •""why so many women fail to marry?" haven't asked them," answered the young man who carries a pocket mirror. Sir Sappy: "Smart? Why. she has •bwains enough for two, Miss Mawy." She: "Has she? Then she is just the girl you ought to marry, Mr Sappj "Why do you pay visits-in the morning?" "Why, all the other women are busy in their houses, and it is so funny to see them try to appear glad to see me." "I cannot understand ze language," said the despairing Frenchman. "I learn how to pronounce ze word 'hydrophobia,' and zen I learn zat ze doctors sometimes pronounce it fatal!" Ikey: "Please, farder, give me a penny for icecream. I am so hot." Father: "Ikey, mein slum, dat is a vaist of money. I viii tell you a fine ghost shtory dat viii make your blood run cold.' "A horse ran away with my brother yesterday, and he'll be laid up for two months." "Tes? Well, I know a fellow who ran away with a horse yesterday, and he'll be laid up for two years." Her Mother: "I think that Mabel has a slight leaning towards this young Mr Smith." Her Father: "Slight? Great Scott, woman, you ought to have seen them on the front doorstep last night! Toung Lady: "How much?" Telegraph Clerk: "Sixpence." "For that one word?' . N Tes. Same charge for twelve words, or Jess. You can repeat the Tes' six times 5f you wish." "Cm—no that wouldn't look well. It is an answer to a proposal of marriage." Toung Husband: What is it, darling ? Do you want some money? Toung Wife: Tes; but I won't take any from •you, dear, because you told me you hadn't much at the bank. If you'll write five pounds on one of those little pieces of pink paper. Til take it to the butcher and get the money. He can afford it better than you, dearest. __The other day a lady went into a shop • and asked if they sold a cure for corns. \-- The young man said no, but he could give a recipe his mother often told him of, and he said. "Get some cheese and \- roast it,rub ir on the corns, and if there are any mice in the room they will come and nibble them off." 