OR, How Ruth Won Her Heritage. By MLS. G. SHELDOS, Acthoress of "rhe Missing Heir of Call-'nby," " The Masked Bridal," Etc. -4----- CHAPTER IX. ",HE WILL BE A WRETCHED WOMAKN ALL HER LIFE." *. iv comes and goes, hope ebbs and flows, Like the waves; I'ha. e dot h unknit the tranquil strength of len." Y5s, Basil Meredith was also a pas s?e?er on the Germanic, and bound upon an,, imprtant, yet very trying, errand p, 1. , alph!" Ruth exclaimed, the nmrment she recognised him, a note of eaier ,!:asure in her tones, "this is the ,.cule can who was kind tomeyesterday. Mr M:eredith, this is a delightful sur priAe. And now let me introduce my hcsbaud, Mr Plympton." The two gentlemen greeted each other c,rdiall.y although Ralph did not fail to re:all, with a secret twinge, his pretty ,,ie's retma:k of the previous day, regard in] her new acquaintance, that he was Stihe very nicest gentleman that she had met in a long time." He could but own, however, that she had reason for thinking so, as he looked in:, the handsome, refined, and intelli eent face; noted that luminous smile, whi:h was its chief charm; the deep, soulful, brown eyes, and the grandly hsaped brow above them. lie thanked him, with a few well cho-en words, for the service he had ren dered his wife the day before, and then, i-:arime the strange events that had led np to it, adroitly changed the subject. * I hid not the remotest idea, Mras Plympton, when I bade you farewell yes terdav, that we would be fellow-travellers to day," Basil Meredith remarked to Ruth, after a slight pause in his conversa tion with her husband. "Neiiher had I," she answered, amilin: brightly up at him, "but I am aire I tam very glad. I was sorry when 1 parted from you to think thae I might ineer meet you again," she ingenuously concluded. "T~ ank you,' he returned, meeting her lovely eyes with an earnest look, in which there was a certain wistfulness that tuched her deeply. " What trifling in cidents cometimes throw together people who otherwise might never have met, and give them a life-long interest in each ] other." " That is true," the young wife gravely responded, but flushing at the delicate compliment in the words, "life-longi interest," yet thinking that the incidents which had thrown them together upon two dieffent occasions had been anything but " trifling,' at least to her. "I trust that you are none the worse to day for the harsh treatment you received yesterday," Mr Meredith oh served, a light cloud flitting over his' countenance "Oh, no." flu!h replied, although she lost something of her brilliant color, as she recalled all that occurred, and the anxious fears and doubts that had arisen in connection therewith; ' but all the same,' with a nervous little laugh, " I am very ,gld to get away from New Y" rk.;' They ftood chatting f-r a few minutes la- ler. tiaui Mr Meredith excused himself anud went below. "Ian't he nice, Ralph T' Ruth ques tinned, eagerly, as soon as he was beyond hearinm. " Indeed, he is; but it's a great pity that he is no out of shape," the young man rL:urned with a deprecatory shrug of his inwn fine, hroad shoulders. " A:d he had such a splendid phy Eique ihen I saw him before; he bore' himself like a king, and walked with a Etep as proud, firm, and elastic as your own. I wonder what terrible accidenti has deformed him," said Ruth, with a sad face and a regretfnl sigh. "He looks as if he had been very ill," Rslph responded, "and, somehow, he impresses me as also having some heavy borden on his mind." ' Yes, I observed that, too," the young wife remarked. '" I wonder if Miss Gor don can have anything to do with it. Heu knew her instantly, yesterday, and she c'ed very strangely when she saw him. Then, when I asked him if he thought she might not be deranged, he said, with such a straige look and tone, that there could not be much doubt that she was hope lessly so-that there was no one more hopelessly deranged than a soulless woman." " Humph," said Ralph, thoughtfully, "that was rather a peculiar remark; he must know her right well to have said that. You did not mention it yester day.' "No, I did notthink of it ; neither did I think to tell you that he said he had heard of you. I wonder how !" taliph wondered also, and, putting this : and that together, he came to the conclu Eion that Mr Meredith must have heard sf him throuh his acquaintance with ]nez I.irdon. - They met him every day after that,. a:nd flund him extremely genial and; cntertaining. Ruth, particularly, was very strongly attracted to him, her warmest sympathies being excited in his behalf in account of the unaccountable' sadn,.s that seemed to enshroud him, and also because of his deformity. He lent her several entertaining becks ',f which he appeared to have an un limited supply, while, sometimes he would come to sit beside her and read aloud' some etiertaining, sketch or bit of poetry, after which they would fall to discussing : its merits, and thus every interview" served to reveal to her something new, and more to be admired in his character. He could be merry, too, and often'. would make her laugh heartily by re-! latin some amusing anecdote, while he I himself always seemed brighter and happier for their little hit of fun. One day she remarked to him : "You have escaped sea-sicknzss as well a we Are you never ill during a "No, even though I have crossed the Atlantic many times ;'but-I have other : 11s t, hear that are far worse than sea aiclkiess," he returned, glancing down, 'ith a sad smile, at his misshapen shoul Jt was the first time that he had ever I referrea to his misfortune, and Iluth! flashed sensitively, and yet she wasi touched that he should feel friendly enoug, with her to speak of it. Ah, do you suffer from that 1" she Igently inquired, a pitiful gleam in her l loly eyes. " Intensely, at times-it is for that I at going abroad," he said. " I haveo tried all kinds of treatment in my own country, and now I am going to Paris to 0ee what French surgery can do for me. am not what I was, Mrs Plympton, 'hen met you two years ago," he con ided, with a sad smile.app Bow--how did it happen y" Ruth 'tsned, softly. The inquiry might have seemed curious and almost impertinent from anyone else, but the tone, the look, the slight quiver if the sweet, sensitive lips, told her com panion that her whole soul was thrilling with sympathy for and womanly interest in him. But the effect which it produced sent a terrible shock quivering through the fair 'young wife, for the man suddenly grew deadly white, while his face became talmost convulsed with agony over some blighting memory which her query seemed to have aroused. "Oh, forgive me ! don't tell me! I should not have asked that," she tremu lously falte:ed, an expression of dismay sweeping over her own features. "Nay, little woman, do not be troubled or reproach yourself," ihe replied, re assuringly, as he quickly recovered him self. "It is a great comfort, believe me, to a lone man situated as I am, to ki now that there is even one true, gentle woman in the world to feel an interest in him. My deformity," he went on, the lines about his month hardening a trifle, i" was caused by an accident, shortly after If met you, two years ago." Hie paused a moment and then resumed in a cold, repressed tone : A few months previous to that time, I had learned to love, and believed I had won, a very beautiful woman. To me she seemed to be the most perfect being in the wide world, and I allowed myself to make a veritable idol of her. We were to be married just one month after my meeting with you. A few days latter we went together to call upon a friend, and it seemed to me that there could be no one iliving so inexpressibly happy as I was, that day, in the companionship of my betrothed. " I had just assisted her to enter the carriage, after leaving the house of our friend, when a newspaper was blown be tween the feet of our horses and they instantly took fright. I sprang to their heads and tried to hold and calm them, but, with that paper still rattling about their heels, they became utte:ly un manageable, and though I checked them just long enough to give my companion time to spring uninjured to the ground, I was thrown beneath them and terribly trambled upon, the carriage also passing over me, as they sprang forward in their mad flight. " I was taken up unconscicus, and for weeks my life was despaired of. When I finally began to mend, it was to learn that I was a hopeless cripple. Of course I could not bow submissively to such a terrible decree and persisted in trying every skillful surgeon within my reach. The most that any of them have done for me has been to give me temporary relief from my pain; they tell me that is all that I can expect. But I am young only twenty-seven -and I rebel against the prospect of a long life of suffering, to say nothing of being hampered with this misshapen body; so I resolved to make one more effort to better my condition; and my present errand abroad is to teat the skill of certain renowned surgeons in France. I am obliged to confess, how ever, that I have but little hope to cheer me on my way," he concluded in a tone that was inexpressibly sad. Ruth uttered a long sigh of regret as he ceased, while two large tears escaping from beneath her golden lashes, rolled over her cheek and fell upon her hands as they lay upon her lap. Basil Meredith saw them and started slightly, while a flush arose to his temples. "AhI pray do not grieve- like that, for me," he said in an unsteady voice. " I am unused to sympathy, for I live almost the life of a recluse, having no relatives; even the woman, from whom I had the right to expect so much, turned from my misshapen body in contempt, the first time she saw me after my accident and coolly informed me that she could never marry an unsightly cripple." "Oh I how utterly heartless I" breathed Ruth, in a shocked tone, "and after you had saved her life at the risk of your own, and at such a sacrifice I"' "Yes, there can be no doubt that my promptness in checking the horses was her salvation," said Mr Meredith. " Then she owed her life-her deepest gratitude and love to you; she should have regarded it her highest privilege to devote her future to you and your com fort," cried the young wife earnestly. "But she did not love me, you per ceive," responded Basil Meredith, in a bitter tone. " How could she help it ?" Ruth im pulsively e:claimed, as she lifted a look half of wonder, half of admiration to him; and then she blushed rosily at her own words. Mr Meredith's gloomy brow cleared and he laughed out musically. Then removing his cap froml his head lihe bowed low before her "Thank you, Mrs Plympton ; I have not had such a genuine compliment in years," he said ; then added with a strange thrill in his tones " If 1 could only have had a sidter, like you, to turn to during these years of trouble and suffering, I should have been a far happier man. However," he went on, straighitetniug himself and lifting his fine head proudly, "although the awakening from that fair dream of my life was a rude one, I have since been thankful that it was a titnly one, and have come to regard the author of what was once a bitter oisappaintment with only pity and contempt--there is nothing so pitiful and despicable as :a soulless woman!." "Ah !" tho~'ght Ruth with sudden enli-htcnment, ' :lhat 'soulless woman' was I-ncz Gordon; she never could have really lovcd him, or she would not have thrown him over. \Vhat if he is a little deformed and lame?--he is perfectly ,,ratd morally and intellectually, and any woman might be proud to be his wifo I That was two years ago," she went on musingly, " then it could not have been So very long ago that IRalph met her. I wor.der if shie really cared for him 1 Ah I no,"' with a sudden start; "for she told me she had ' broken her heart for another before she ever met him !' Then, she did love--as well perhaps as she could love any one besides hleiself--lfasil Ieredith, and it was only her pride that kept her from marrying him. She was like a ghost yesterday when she saw him, and there was in her eyes a look of despair that told of keen suffering." She seened so. grave and thoughtful, IMr Meredith began to fear that he had saddened her with his doleful story. " I am afraid I have wearied you," he :gently remarked. "Pray, IMrs Plymp ton, do not let what I have told you weigh upon your heart for one moment. I hardly know how I happened to tell you this story, tihst has never passed my lips before, unless it was your gentle and womanly sympathy charmed it from me." "I am thankful that you deemed me Sworthy of your confidence," Ruth gently returned; "but it was a dreadful thing for that women to turn coldly from you when you needed her most." "I should have offered her freedom, even if she had not repudiated me," the 'entleman quietly returned. "Do you not think she would be justified in accept ing it 1' i Justified I No! No true woman would have listened to such a suggestion. She would have clung to you all the more Bfo t it would be a sad thing to have a peerless, beautiful woman bound to such a shapeless clog," he began bitterly. " Don't! oh, please de not speak like that," Ruth interposed, a wave of pain creeping over her beautiful face. "This" -just touching him with the tips of her taper fingers, while she lifted her wonder ful eyes, in which there was almost a look of reverence, to his-" this is not the real you; that no accident could change ; that would still have been hers ; and she will b. a wretched woman all her life to have lost so much." The young man gazed at her wonder ingly for a moment. IIe was profoundly touched. His lips were tremulous, and, but for his manhood, ihe could almost have wept over her divinely comforting words. " Mrs Plympton," he said, at last, but in a voice that was far from steady, " you are the sweetest comforter in the world. You shame me; and henceforth, I will try to be worthy of the tribute you have just paid me." 