THE SITUATION TO-DAY. The last three clays have started those military operations which should have commenced nine months ago. The war ic now being conducted upon military lines, with plenty of numbers and strategic skill, from no less than four military bases, i.e., Capetown, Fort Elizabeth, East London and Durban, or from the up- country basis of De Aar, Naauwport, Queenstown and Estcourt, We now see that Lord Methuene directs the Kimberley advance, with Brigadier E. H. Gough leading (perhaps in Kimberley by this time). Sir W. F. Gatacre commands the advance through the Orange Free State, via Norvals Pont and Bethune, and Sir C. F. Clery directB the relief of Ladysmith. Sir Redvers Buller will, no doubt, march with the force of Sir W. F. Gatacre upon Bloemfontein, as be will be equi-distant and in touch with all operations in the centre, left and right conduct of campaign. 27,000 troopB arrived on Monday, and another 4000 men on Tuesday, so that Sir Redvers has now plenty of soldiers, with guns and cavalry, to put down the Boer conspiracy and pacify all South Africa. The force will be properly distributed in both colonies at the front. I gave your readers the probable strategy of the march of Lord Methuene and Sir W. F. Gatacre. 85,000 troops must be under arms with Buller, and the other 10,000 men might safely be left at home, unless the British Government has ulterior designs in view when Pretoria is taken and the war is over. Brigadier Uildyard leads the advance upon Ladysmith under Sir O. F. Clery, his Divis- ional General. When White and Clery meet, Sir George will take the chief com- mand in the two advances-Newcastle and Dundee-into the Natal. Clery may advance through Laing's Nek, whilst General French may march forward upon the right of invas- ion via the Zululand and Buffalo River drifts. 85,000 men are about equal to three Army Corps - not three Divisions. Of course, White will direct the Natal Army Corps, but higher officers than Metbeune and Gatacre will be, wanted for the two Army Corps concentrating in the advance on the west- ward. The Canadian and Australian troops will be landing this woek: indeed, the N.S.W. i,»Dceis are now at the front, forming part of. Lord Metheune's force, and they are being employed in advance poBt and reconnaissance work towards the Orange River and Norvals Pont. They will have their baptism of fire in a day or so. Captain Cox ls leading them I like an old soldier. V The occupation of boraer towns in ene ais affected pro-Dutch districts along the Orange River does not mean much. Buller can afford to let the foe enjoy themselves without a Bhot, and annex away in the mind's eye ; but they will vanish like goblins over the river before the' end of the week. Metheune will dash through their present lineB and system of defence as is it were pastboard. Rencontre combats may take place before they bolt out of Gape Colony, leaving Mr, Scbreiner's lazoe men behind them. Sir Redvers Buller has ordered the registra- tion of the names of the disloyal burghers in British territory in a Black Domesday Book, when the attainted colonists will be dealt with at the close of the war.' This is just as it should be, and prove an object leeson to many disloyal landowners in the Australian colonies who dare to play false, by word and deed, to the British Hug and Queen's suprem- acy. Compensation to loyalists for their losses is just and right. This act of Buller will also steady the minds of several thought- less men of the Domain orator type, for the public sing Mr. Atkins " to the front when the bands begin to play." ' Lord Metheune must have two brigades in support of Colonel Gough at Hopetoun, on the Orange River, and not at Norval's Font yet. The Naval Brigade just landed is the 800 seamen and gunners of the Marine artillery, which lately left home with 20 large quick firing guns, and are now with Gough at the Kimberley front of advance. The application of steam ploughs for war indicates that Buller may expect a stubborn seige before he captures Pretoria. I think the Boer-Free State army along the Orange River-a broad front to defend- numbers 10,000 men ; but most of them are an armed mob. Gatacre should be at Bloemfontein, only a week behind Lord Metheune at Kim- berley and l-l Streams. Baden-Powell's fight on 7th Nov. was a greater affair than first reported, whilst his "Black Douglas" ride to slay the camp of Bothu will form a noble escapade of his life. It was chivalry and romance to the back- bone. ? ' Apart from the Ladysmith battles of the 0th and 14th Nov., Joubert suffered another defeat.. He is like the ghost of Hamlet's father-he never dies, but walks the earth about Ladysmith, Hesters and Colenso every morning. White and Hunter could not "play the game" without Jouberfc. He is concentrating a strorrjg force with heroic and stubborn determination to oppose the ad- vance, of Slr C. F. Clery and General Hildyard on the Tugela, at Ennersdale. It will be a great fight for the Boer cause, and how he can escape capture with his army will be a mystery. White and Clery will have it arranged all right to make Ennersdale the first Boer Sedan. The moment a shot ls fired White will be in Joubert's rear, and Clery in his front. The battle may be on now, as Clery should have lots of troops in and around Estcourt. FRIENDLY SOCIETIES BILL.-A correspon- dent writes : Allow me to call the attention of the Legislative Assembly to the condition of the measure as amended by the Legislative Council. Should their amendments be adop- ted, the whole measure will be rendered useless, and the position of affairs will be worse than at present (if such be possible.) The principal reason of the new bill WBB to properly provide for the distinction between a central governing body and the lodges under its jurisdiction (the> latter being termed branches). Clause 01 of the new bill is specially framed to allow of all these branches coming into line by providing that the present registration as societies shall cease ut the end of 12 roonthB from the passing of the measure, during wbich period the central governing bodies will become re- registered under the new law (section 13), when a list of the subordinate lodges will be forwarded to the registrar and recorded by him. This provision being struck out by the Legislative Council will have the effect of the whole of the subordinate lodges still remain- ing as societies as hitherto, and not as branches of their respective governing bodieB, the consequences of which will be fatal to the efficacy of the whole mensure. 