ROMANCES OF A FLOtFgltM SHOP. 2 By MARY (30LP. TJ THE YELLOW DAISIKH. » 1 Not all the romances that centre in _K5 flower shop end as happily as that of the''; "White Violets." ''* One incident that came under my notice, and that I have named the Yellow Daisies, was pathetic in its termination. One very cold and wet day early in Reply tember, when few people were about the streets of Melbourne, having very little to do, I was idly gazing out of the window at the miserable appearance of everything in the street, human and otherwise, when. I noticed a young woman, poorly clad, looking very blue and cold, much interested in a bunch of yellow daisies (as they are commonly called) that were on view in our window. After looking longingly at the. flowers she would walk slowly away, but, as though the daisies had some strange fascination for her, she would not go far, and then would turn back and again gaze at the yellow flowers. Feeling much interested in this young woman's movements I drew back, so that I could not be seen from the street, but could see everything that went on outside. I noticed that at last the young woman took from her pocket a very old purse, and examined and apparently counted and re- counted its contents, from the expression of her face I read that a struggle was going on in her mind-between iv desire to buy the flowers and a knowledge that she could, from her slender means, but ill afford the luxury. Suddenly making up her mind, she walked briskly into the shop, and said "Will you sell me a shilling's worth of those yellow daisies?" pointing to the flowers in the window. I said "Yes," and was about to reach' some from the window when, with some hesitation, she asked, "Will you allow, your boy to deliver them to-morrow morning?" "Yes; where told" I replied. "Air. V-. Temple-court," was not answer. She paid the shilling and left the shop The flowers were duly delivered. I had almost forgotten the circumstance . when, about a week later, the same young woman came into the shop, and with a good deal of diffidence asked how much I would charge to send every Saturday, morning to Sir. Ar-, Temple-court, a buttonhole containing a yellow daisy. Feeling some interest in my existence, and being quite sure she could ill- afford the money for flowers, I named a very nominal amount. Gabo thanked me, paid for one buttonhole, and said he would call every Monday and pay for the flowers, and this she did. They, went on for some weeks, all the transactions taking place without a word from my customer. She would walk in, place upon the counter the small coin I had promised to deliver the flowers for, / and walk out without a word. Knowing that Air. Alway a barrister, and seeing his name in the papers spoken of as a likely candidate for Parliament at the approaching general election, I became particularly interested in the donor of the yellow daisies, and determined to open a conversation with her at the first opportunity. On the following Monday when she came in I drew her attention to some lovely roses that were on the counter, but my attempt to open a conversation was a failure. She simply said, "They are lovely," and walked out. In that short time I had quickly, ¡ scanned her face, and came to the conclusion, from her general appearance, that she was a seamstress in one of the large drapery- or tailoring establishments, and although poorly clad had all the appearance of gentility, She had a very refined face, with lines that showed hunger had at times left its mark there. On the morning of Derby Day, when we were particularly busy, three young fellows come in all jollity and laughter, talking [loudly about the races-two of them chaff ing the third, whom they called "Ted," that he was going to win a pot, and was tacking the yellow jackets regular daisy. The expression "yellow and "daisy" caught my attention, and looking up I noticed that "Ted" had in his coat the buttonhole who regularly sent to Temple court. So this is Mr. V-thought I, and determined to have a good look at him. I came forward to attend to them, and while supplying his two companions had a good look at Ted." Mr. V-Avas a typical Englishman brown curly hair, laughing blue eyes, the picture of health, good humour, and honesty. Knowing that our messenger boy was well up in the names of the horses and colours of the riders, I asked him if any of the Derby horses were to be ridden by a jockey with a yellow jacket. "Oh, yes, miss," said he, "but don't you flack but; he ain't got a possible." During the rest of the day I could not get out of my head the gay young English- man and the poor seamstress, and won tiered what could be the link between Hlipm About half-past 4 o'clock our boy came in quite excited, and said, 'I say, Yellow Jack at Avon What a jolly boil-over " After tea the three young men of the morning came in again, all very much elated, 'Ted particularly so. He had evidently drank to the success of Yellow Jacket many times 'Come, Miss," he said, "I want half a doz bouquets Turning to his companions he said, 'Are there six or eight of them and then he commenced to go over a lot of girls' names, and, deciding there were only Bit, said they would come back for the bouquets in about half an hour "The them with ribbon," he said What colours" I asked "Yellow, of course," he said, With a loud laugh In about half an hour they came back for the flowers, and led" Aias then much more elated, talked of being a jolly night, and giving a supper to the ' Gaiety girls " The seamstress still continued to pay her modest coin for the buttonhole for Mr IV One Monday The girl was just putting down her money on the counter when Mr V- entered, and in his breezy manner asked for a bunch of violets When the girl heard his voice she turned scarlet, and then as pale as a ghost, and appeared as though she was about to reel and fall With an effort she regained her calmness, turned her back on Mr. V-, and walked out My curiosity had now fairly roused, and I determined to do the main thing of pumping the gentleman I commenced to talk about stomachs, and sud yellow daisies were in) favourite flowers he suddenly became serious, and his thoughts seemed to an order far as it At (that moment our boy came to the counter, and Ali A said, WIll, this is the nip pel Hint brings me no) buttonhole ever) Saturday) morning ' remain. to me he said 'Why do you send it miss' It is an order from a customer," I replied ' That is strange," he said ' I did not think there was a soul in Australia as ho J iioAv I was partial to" acIIoav daisies Do yon 1 now,' he said to me yellow daisies also his bring to in memory an English village a lovely meadow, and a deal little girl Ali' ' he said, if we could only be tall the past, and become boys and girls V us, we would not reject the happiness offered to us unless we are fools, us 1 Ima; been, and with that he walked slowly out of the shop, I often felt tempted li then the girl came in on Monday is to speak to and about Mr A-, ind then would isl niAsclf, ' What business had I to go) into others sor joins'' but I felt quite convinced that the 3000 songstress avis The dear little girl of the English will age and loved) moa dow " Mr A-bec mc a constant customer, and I noticed with regret that the great Austi lb in curse, drink, had got hold of him and he was surely on the dow new card trick I also noticed that the seamstress avis felting mole sh baby five) weeks At last she ceased calling it all but I still spent the buttonhole on SihndaAs One morning ' The Argus had in account of the suicide of a young woman She had burnt chance is in her room all night, and was suffocated In her dead fund Alis i post c and addressed to Ali Mr-, lemplecomt and on it this mess Figs - for the sale of happy days in the ii old England but me dccenHv, and plant upon my give some yellow daisies Lucy Cash ' On the police going to Mr V-'s office He) found him dead upon the floor, allot three li the head, with the revolver still in Jus bind On the table was a bottle half full of branch, and a sheet of paper wiTh The following scrawled upon steering and the i racecourse blue out further soul to the! Bank of it-think of it- dissolute In in " 