THE NOVELIST. (PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.) A Voyage at Anchor. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, (Author of "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The Golden Hope." etc., etc.) [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER VII.—(Continued.) So we had music and small talk in the drawing- room instead, and in this fashion passed the time till about a quarter to 11, when I signed to my wife that it was time for us to go. I had told our two seamen to meet us at the boat at 11 o'clock, knowing that they would be easily able to kill the time until then at one of the innu- merable ale-houses in Beach-street. They were both good steady men, and I had not the least fear of their over-stepping the bounds of so- briety. When we rose to go, Captain Talbot got up and said he must be off too. "You'll come oft" and see us soon, won't you?" said Walter Stevens most effusively to Miss Ap- pleby as he shook hands with her. I thought this rather a piece of cheek on his part, consider- ing that I, as the host of the ship, was present, and that he was nothing more than a guest on board after all. But indeed his conduct through- out the whole evening had not particularly pleas- ed me; he had been much too marked in his at- tentions to Miss Appleby, and correspondingly indifferent to the presence of Daisy. I am bound to admit that the Major's daughter seemed great- ly to appreciate the obvious admiration of the young doctor, and to give him plenty of encour- agement in a quiet manner, which I could not but consider bad taste on her part, seeing that she must surely know he was engaged to my daughter. She had the air of an old coquette, however, and I presumed that she would natural- ly fall into a species of flirtation with any man, from mere force of habit. Thanks to the gentlemanly Marine officer, my daughter had not wanted for attention; he had kept up a lively conversation with her most of the while we were in the drawing-room; he it was who induced her to sit down to the piano and sing one of the old nautical ballads I had taught her when a little child; so that though she might have been secretly vexed at the conduct of her sweetheart, she was in reality far more entertain- ed than had he devoted the whole of the evening to her. I think myself that the weak-headed Walter was somewhat excited with the wine he had drunk at dinner; for certainly during the course of the evening he made some very mala- droit remarks, which caused a general stare, and an embarrassing silence. As my wife afterwards said to me: "I do not think that Walter means to neglect Daisy, but his vanity is great; he is flat- tered by finding that a girl like Miss Appleby seems pleased by his paying attention to her, and this causes the silly boy to act rather foolishly, and in a way to give people a wrong impression." "A promising lookout for a general practition er," said I. But to resume. We quitted the house, escorted as far as the hall door steps by the Major and his daughter, and walked towards the pier. Captain Talbot ac- companied us; he talked a good deal to Daisy about the beauty of the night, the stars, and the silver moonbeams, and I fancy he was only just stopped, by our arrival at the spot where the boat lay, from beginning to quote poetry. Generous wine, a pretty girl, and a balmy June night are a combination to mellow most young men into that species of sentiment which best find expres- sion in rhyme. "Well, Spry," said I, as the figures of our two faithful seamen drew nigh, "how have you been getting on?" "Oh, nicely thank you, sir," he answered, touching his cap, as was his wont when address- ing me. "We fell in with a very sociable waterman, a regular nice chap, slr, as took us along to a pub called the Yarmouth Packet, where they was a-holding of a free and easy." "What is that?" said I, laughing. "Oh, a sing-song where you calls for what you want, and everybody pays for hisself," exclaimed Allen. "Lummy, sir, you should ha' heard one bloke sing 'Where is My Boy To-night?' It 'ud ha' pretty nigh made you cry." "It might have done," said I. "Get in, Maria. Mind the slippery steps, Daisy. Good night, Captain Talbot; thanks for your company. Come and lunch to-morrow. Right! we shall expect you then! Steady, Walter, that was my toe confound you, man, there you go again! Sit down, can't you? Shove off, lads!" And away we went, gliding through the smoth indigo water in the direction of the twinkling star of our riding light. The distance was not above two-thirds of a mile, yet it took our men quite twenty minutes of stiff pulling to cover it, for the tide was against us. The atmosphere was stirless; I struck a match to relight my half-finished cigar, and the feeble flicker of the flame was caused only by the faint draught raised by our boat's headway. As we approached the big, vague smudge made by our ship upon the gloom, I thought I heard a sound of voices on board. The thump of the oars in the thole-pins made it difficult to properly dis- tinguish sounds, but as we drew closer I was con- fident that I could hear people talking. There were no vessels brought-up within half a mile of us, about which distance lay a barque, three or four brigs and schooners, and a few smaller craft, so that the sound could proceed from no other ship than our own. "Boat ahoy!" swept down the voice of Prand. "Ay, ay, Calenture ahoy!" roared back Allen, answering the hail in navy fashion. "We've got a ghost aboard here," continued Prand, in his deep voice. "All the women are skeered out of their lives, and I've seen the blimed thing myself. Cursed if I like it. Any how, I'm glad you've come back." The two men lay on their oars, as though stag- gered by this piece of intelligence, and a sudden deep silence of consternation fell upon all the oc- cupants of our boat. "Go on, lads, give way!" I cried, recovering rapidly from my astonishment. "What rubbish is this that Prand is talking? Ghost! Pshaw!" "Well, I have heered tell as how the ship is supposed to be haunted!" exclaimed Spry uneasily, nevertheless bucking to his oar again. "A ghost!" said my wife, whilst Daisy uttered a little low incredulous laugh, and Stevens began in a big way to explain that the thing must be rubbish, as we all perfectly well knew that there were really no such things as ghosts. In a few minutes we were alongside. The three servants were collected together at the head of the gang way ladder, whilst the seaman stood upon the bottom grating to hook the boat alongside and pass out the man-ropes. "What's this yarn about a ghost, Prand?" said I, jumping out of the stern- sheets after my wife and Daisy and Stevens had ascended the ship's side. "Oh, there's no doubt about it, sir," he answer ed. "I ain't given to being fanciful myself, but seeing's believing, as my old mother used to say when father came home of a Saturday night with his one eye bunged up. I was sitting on the heel of the bowsprit for'ard, smoking a pipe and keeping a lookout, when I see a figure come aboard put of the main chains. It wasn't quite night dark, although pretty nearly so, and I coudn't clearly make out whether the thing was a man, or what it looked like, or anything else about lt, except that in the duskiness it seemed to me like one of them hunchbacked goblins as I've heard tell of; in fact, I could almost swear that I saw its tail. It capered about the maindeck once or twice, like a wision playing leap-frog; I hailed it, and it stopped to listen, but didn't answer. Then I lost sight of it all at once; it vanished just in the way they say a sperrit always does. Thinks I, this here's a rum go, and wishing to satisfy myself, for I ain't very timid, sir, I walks aft to the part of the deck where the thing had been. There upon the planks, sure enough were the wet patches of its footprints ; queer-looking marks, sir, as though they'd been made by cloven hoofs. Whilst I was stooping down examining these here marks, I suddenly hears a most tremendous screech, and out through the saloon door comes the two gals—the cook was in the galley—bolting and yelling as if the devil hisself was in chase. 'Mr. Prand! Mr. Prand!? they shrieks. 'There are ghostesses in this ship!' 'I've seen one of 'em,' I says, says I." "How long ago was this?" I demanded, be- ginning to ascend the ladder, for his story threat- ened to become terribly long-winded, and I wanted to get at the facts of the affair as rapidly as possible. "About a couple of hours after you'd gone call it nine o'clock," he answered. "That would be more than two hours ago. Have you seen anything of your ghost since?" "No, sir." "And yet, from your account, there is no doubt you are not mistaken in what you saw. Those footprints are, of course, conclusive evidence." On deck the servants were holding forth in shrill and excited tones to my wife, who often looked around and behind her in a nervous man- ner. Their story, so far as I could gather it from the agitated explanation of Amy and Emma, who both talked at once, very quickly, was to this effect. They were in the saloon, attending to their domestic duties; it was quite dark below, and they had not lighted the lamps then, but each carried one of the big heavy plated candlesticks with which the ship was provided. Emma said that she had gone into the saloon to fetch a box of matches, when in the twilight at the fore-end of the apartment she saw a horrible grizzly figure come bounding through the companion hatch, and alight with a flying leap upon the floor. It came gambolling towards her, and she nearly lost her senses with terror. Shrieking to Amy, she rushed along the other side of the table and out through the maindeck door as hard as she could scamper, the lady's maid close upon her heels. This was substantially all they had to tell me. They had been too much horrified to enter the saloon again after beholding the apparition, and the place was in darkness. Elizabeth had not seen the ghost at all, but she seemed to be the most alarmed of the three. I was not of a superstitious turn of mind my- self, and it was never in my nature to be afraid of dangers I could not see. I confess that the explanation of Prand and the two girls was a little mystifying, and I dreaded the effect of it upon the nerves of my wife unless the thing were satisfactorily solved. "Well," said I, "no purpose can be served by our all standing here and speculating. I daresay we shall get to the bottom of the mystery pre- sently, and end by laughing at our own fears. Meanwhile it is growing late; I will go down myself and light the saloon lamps, lest anyone else might hesitate to enter the place in the dark, and then we will go in search of our friend the ghost." So saying, I groped in my pocket for a box of matches, and went down the companion ladder. I soon had all the saloon lamps lighted, and burning brightly. The interior, as I might have expected, was silent and deserted; nothing showed any signs of having been disturbed. "Come along down!" I cried. "No goblins to be seen about here at present." On this they all came below; the three servants following in a furtive, shrinking manner, which showed how really frightened they were. "Come, Walter," said I, "you're not afraid of ghosts, I know. Help me, then, to hunt for the phantom which has caused all this dread. If he is a tangible creature, we shall be able to deal with him; and if he is a mere palpable essence, well, then he certainly can't hurt us." Stevens hung fire. Had there been any escape from joining me in the quest he would have gladly backed out. As it was, the women were watching him, and the white feather would never do. His conceit overcame his cowardice, and he said: "Right you are! I am ready." "We will start at this end of the ship," said I, "because it was aft here that the apparition was seen. Let us begin by exploring the sleeping cabins." 