Political. " . . Let the parties rave. They are filled with idle Spleen; Biting, falliug > like a wave, For they know uot whatthey mean." The Mayoral election is creating something like a flutter snuong a small sectiou of the Perth public, who are making a strong .effort to dethrone Mr Alex. Forrest from tlie position of chief magistrate of the city. No one, it seeuis, covets the distinction which has been Mr Forrest's for so long. No one, at all events has been bold enough to oppose our perpetual Mayor until now at last Mr • Walter Phillips, auctioneer, has come forward to rob brother Alick of his prescriptive title. Last Saturday evening Mr Phillips addressed a street audience from the balcony of Shafto's Victoria Coffee Palace, vowing to fight the fight to the bitter end. The audience appreciated Mr Phillips' criticism of Mr Forrest as Mayor aud member for West Kimberiey. They laughed when the candidate sueered at " the costly robes" to which the chief magistrate is "wedded," and applauded his unkindly references to the towa clerk, the best abused tuau in the city. Indeed, the, audience became so frieudly that one of its number asked hiiu to " stand a drink." Mr Phillips was iu Cambyses' veiu, and warming to his subject, shouted a furious denunciation of Mr Forrest so vigorously that the hair of oue's flesh stood up. Mr Phillips' trumpet tones would have gravelled the walls of Jericho. # # # Aud yet not m my people would be sorry if Mr Forrest were defeated even by a leather-lunged auctioneer. Witli Sir Johu Forrest at the head of the State aud his brother as chief 'magistrate 1 year after year, mpst people agree that the Forrest dynasty should cease to reign in Western Australia. Two hundred years ago any mau or pair of men seekiug year after year io retain a monopoly of political power would have beeu disposed of without justice or ceremouv. It is a great roej'cy jhat soiae of- uB/wert>;bom"> itfter?*tar "fidjef' 'Oft.aft hands' one* hears the brothers Forrest cursed and reviled, but election day couies and again: and again they are re-elected. ?They are the old men of the sea whom Western Australia will never Rhake off until they themselves have shuffled off this mortal coil. The bi others Forrest will retain their power to the end ot their days, but their memory will not be cherished bv a grateful country. There are among us abler men than tliey, men better likvd and m6re trusted. Where, then, is the secret of their power ? Let him solve the riddle who can. # * # It is certain that Mr Phillips will not be returned, and equally certain that his electioneering activity does not seriously disturb Mr Forrest's rest. But Mr Phillips' candidature should, notwithstanding his certain defeat, serve as an example to others to come forward and oppose Mr Forrest at a future election, even if for no other reason than that it is not expedient that the same man should fill the position of Mayor year after year. The monotonous regularity with which he has offered himself for re-election is entirely without precedent. There id iu it a hardihood,, too, that is almost indecent. Bach succeeding year in-' creases the difficulty of ousting from office a man whom the public grows more and wore to regard as indissolubly wedded to it, and whom, therefore, no one will come forward to oppose. # # * During the present municipal elections, the town clerk appears to be receiving * a good * deal of unwelcome attention. To most of the new* candidates, Mr Petherick is not a persona grata. Mr Phillips, to use his own words, would "give him his conge." Translated into a vigorous Anglo- Saxon of a gentleman of his audience, he -would " give him the sack.' 1 ' Mr Shafto, also, is in favor either of .reducing the town clerk's salary or of dispensing with his services. No good thing ever catno out of Collingwood, not eyeu a town clerk or a sanitary inspector, and Collingwood claims both Mr Petheriek aud Mr Banko as sous of its ignoble soil. Are the words of a municipal candidate privileged? Mr. Shafto sailed 'pretty close to the wind in- his references, to the town clerk on Tuesday.night. * *• # The long- deferred tramway to Subiaco will soon be taken in hand, and on Tuesday a bill to authorise its construction was read a. first time, the second reading being .fised for Thursday. The extension to Subiaco might have been completed-long ago but for the wrongheadedness of the Subiaco Council in having insisted upon altogether unreasonable terms. The further extension of the line to Claremont is a thing of the future, but it will be appreciated when it comes, especially if it should .help to bring down the suburban . railway fares. But while tramways to Subiaco, Claremoiit, and Higherate Hill are highly desifable in a city cut off from communication with its suburbs, except for the. means of locomotion provided by a few ramshackle 'buses and a piratical state railway there is a difference of opinion as to the necessity for constructing a tramway along St. Georges - terrace, Adelaide - terrace, Malcolm-street, and Mount's Bay-road. It seems that 1300 residents of those streets have signed a petition protesting against the proposed construction of this line. Thirteen hundred signsitures. obtained from " the most fashionable" part of the city seems a larger order than it really is. Twenty or thirty of the boarding- houses in Sfc. George's-terrace and Adelaideterrace—all rabbit warrens—could easily supply that number, even without duplicating the signatures or get-, ting the " slaveys" to- sign. The question of laying down the tramway alojig these, streets will be variously regarded by . people, according as they are utilitarian or soulful aqd sentinlental. There is, however, soine^rce in the argument that the^ggroposed route is not really necessary, seeing that already we have the tramway along the whole length of Hay-street,.^ aid* anyone wishing to go from, say,' the Ozone Hotel to the end of St. G^oige's-terrace would have a very, slioftdistance to walk to get to and frjpm the tramway in Hay-street, The sentimental objection to tbe tramway iuSt. George's-terrace, moreover, must ' npt be disparaged. The city has^nb few show, places to boast of,' why disfigure .the chief of them f ith tramw%Spies'? • r-: ' • '• v '-The House is busy with the Estimate* and is making moderate pro-;; gr#»$, -but;. f blocJforv" wl the- good .-the profeifr!'^ p^rjean hope'to ydo*., ^jiat week'^the * mem&ir; the M^ despair moved an amendment to that effecli, but the Speaker held it to be disrespectful. Disrespectful no doubt it was, but the meaning of the motion was plain enough and true enough. So far, the most hotly contested item of the Estimates has been the cost of maintaining the Premier's office. The Premier's brother-in-law and his salary are a thorn in the side of members of the Opposition like Mr Yosper, Mr George and even the leader of the Opposition. The pointed inference from their speeches on the subject was that there was u flagrant case of nepotism. The House, however, was hardly prepared for Sir John's rejoinder—" Does any one suppose that because some one has married my wife's sister I have any overpowering affection for that man ?" The House laughed and so did the ladies in the gallery. * * • The House did not, meet on Wed- uesday because it is "Bunbury week," aud Bunbury week without Sir John's presence at his native town would be like "Hamlet" without the ghost. At the moment of writing Sir Johu is treating Mr Illingworth, who asked for Bunbury beer, to "anything from champagne to tea." 