TEffi HUMOtmST, She : ' I understand that you are going to marry Miss t3ockeye ? ' He: ' Quite so.' She,: 'But she squints, doesn't she?' He: ' Certainly not. It is true she is afflicted by a slight optical indecision, but squinUug— nevah.' 'Arry (pufiing a ' two-penny amoke,'1 to hunts min making successful cast) : Very bad sceft' Huntsman : ' Shcckiu ! smells like buruin' sea weed !' uistory tens us uome was«vea »y mo c»ckiid|c of geese. Some pf our poHtJcdaus teem bent on tryiog to make history repeat itself. Weary passenger (returning from the rail) : ' H6w do you manage to keep your meals down ? ' Cheerful passenger : ' Bolt them.'—' Exchange.' ' That's Louisa Knapp. She has five sisters and they've each got two thou* a year.' ' i'igh ! Yigh ! Wish I were a Mormon ! '— ' Punch.' ? Our Ctoinr aster Rafter lamentable failure on part of pupil) : ' CoDfound it P I thought you said ! you could ' read of sight ' ? ' Pup 1 : 'So I can. Bat not first sight.' Father O'FJynn : ' And now, Pat Murphy, in this season of Lent, what is it ye'il do by way of pen ance ? ' Pat 'Murphy : ' Sure, then, I'll-Fll come an' hear your riveiance prayche ! ' — ' Punch.' ' What are you going to do with that silver mounted revolver of mine ?' a»ked*the languid husband. ' I am goiog to use it to drive the wolf from the door J .'. replied Jhe cnerRetic wife. Whereupon she took it to the! nearest pawnshop and got two dollars on it. ' 5ohnny, did you .take ynur cough medicine regularly iu school, as I told you ? ' '' No, 'm : Johnny Budds liked it, an' he gimme an apple fer it.' Scribbles: 'My new boik will be out soon. I hope you will lose no time in reidiugit.' Miss Cutting : ' Indeed I won't. I 1 jst several hours reading your other one. ' If I was to commit suicide at sea,1' said Weary -Walker, as he shifted the hay band on his left feet, *?' I'd jump from th' bow ol th' boat.' ' An' why not from th* stern r ' queried liimpy Lanni gan. ' If I jumped from th1 s'ero, ' said Weary, *' I couldn't avoid the wash ! ' A very good answer to an examination question is quoted by the ' Puritan.' Asked who S.lomon was, a young gentleman wrote, ' Solomon was a very wise and good mau who kept lflOO porcupiuep.' ' You say she is a business woman. What busi ness is she interested in ? ' ' Oh, everybody's.' Perry Patettic : ' Wonder why women always is so much better lookin' than men P ' Wayworn Watson : ' Look at the trouble they take. Most any woman washes her face every day. jest fer looks.' Discerning Child (who has hrard some remarks by his father) : ' Are you our new i.uibb ? *' Nurse: ' Yob,, dear.'* Child': ' Well, then, lam one of tlnso boys who can only be managed by kindness, si you had better get some spongecake and chocolate at once.' Mother: ' How did papa's new book get in this condition F' ' Bobby: 'Why, mamma,- 1 heard papa say last night that the book was too dry for him, s) I put it in the bath tub and let the wgrier run?' Entirely ^tisoltcitM^^Blinionial.^' Barteoor, Gentlemen, — Two Years ago I ' wrcto ndinebodr else's name with one of your pens. Since then I have used no other. Yours'faithf ully, A. F. Orger. ' To Messrs. Steal. Kuibbs, and Cc.' It was at a masquerade ball, and she recog . v nisecl him at once. . ^ \ 'How did you come to recognise me, darling ? ^ \ Was it the loud beating of my h« art tbat gave me A \wayF'9 ^Bl N- Oh, no,' she replied, *' it was your bowlegc.'? H^L /rfi*e (a8€(^ 7, being undre'sei and put to Hk /j: '? I wish I was a Freemason.' WBgk ^lammi: 'Why, dear?' . ^m^^ Georgie : ' 'Cause ' papa is eo jolly when he ^f ] comes hpme from the ledge ; and you let him go J_ ? \ to bed without undreuBing !' *'. . . I'm so happy,' the said. . . . ''Ever since my engagement to Charlie the whole world seemB different I do not seem to be in dull, proBaic London, but in ? ' ' Laplani,' suggested the small brother. 'Arabella,' said Mr. Gruffpop, as he finished his dinner^ ' if George wks.you to merry him when he calls to-night, tell him he wants to see me.*' Arabella blushed and .said she would . V' ' And if he doesn't,' the old man went«n, giimlr, ' then you tell him I want to see him.' ' Society in London is all dinturbBd by the question whether a lady should recognise ajeutleman while he is having his shoeB blackened at a street corner. The Vicar :^' J^uppgae you'jpe * large family to support, Mrs. BempBey^* 7V''*' ; 'i 'f -*''~ 'V ' ' '?? Mrs. DempBey : t' Iliave,eir; andif they didn't all earn their owuliving I couldn't manage it.' Bridget : ' Mr. Bildad, yer wife came into the kitchen this marnin' an insoolted me, an' it's wan av two things— eithtsr she leaveB this house or I. does.''' ?*. ' ? Housewife (suspiciously) : 'Aren't you the tramp to whom I gave a mince-pie last week ? ' Bagged Haggard : ' No, ma'am, I'm bis ghost.' Mr. Dreamsleigh : ' Yes, darling, clouds may lurk in the dim and unknown future, but when with you, dearest, I think of nothing but the present— the happy, the beautiful present ! ' Lored One : -; Yes, George, so do I ; but tako me with you to buy it — you men have such odd tastes in rings i ' The following notice was posted up at the door of a cheap boot ahop : V Don't go somewhere wise to be lobbed. Walk inhere.' First Citizen : ' The spirit of anarchy can only be found in large cities.' Second Citizen : ' Ytu're right. A man never feels like slaughtering tiic whole human race unless he UveB in a flat, with a piano above and a baby below.' Kind-hearted Old Gent : ' Your story is, indeed, a Bad one. And how did you lose your husband ?' Applicant for Belief : 'Please, eor, he wor killed while iestin' a life-savin' apparatus.' Bast us (angrily) : *' Go on den— hit— me —why doan yo' hit me ? ' Beilly (with contempt) : ' And phwat fur wad Oi hit yez— ehuroif Oi giveyez a black oye uo wan'd know' nt.' Lady: ' I wish to get a birthday present for my husband.' Shopwalker: ' How long have you been . married, madam ? ' ' Ten years.' ?' Bargain counter to the right, madam.' 'Well, Jthnsop, been to tho doctor, as I told you ? ' ' Yes, m'Lord.' ' And what did he say was the matter with you ?' ''E eays it's just general ability, m'Lord, that's all ! '— ' Punch.' Aunt Ethel: ' Well, Beatrice, wer3 you very biave at the dentist's? ' Beitrice: ' Yef-, auntie. I was.' Auut Ethel : ' Then there's the half crown I promised you. And now tell me what he did to you.'' Beatrice : ' Ho pulled out two of Willie's teeth ! '-' Punch/' Eggs are said to become unwholesome when kept iu refrigerators. A fungus forms iu them which its easily detecte I by the use of the microscope, although it is not noticeable to the taste. This f unguB consti tut'Ba danger, and people of delicate constitutions ought to be particularly careful that they eat fresh and not frozeu egge. She: 'I thought you told me your salary was £10 a week ? ' He : ' Oh, uo ; I eaid I earned 10, but I only get three.' A darky is a strategist Who far excels the troop ; For every tune he has a fowl He gets it by a coup. — ?? Judge.' Small boy : ' George Washington was a man who never told a lie.' Teacher : ' Wrong. Go to the foot.' Small girl : ' George Washington was the man who never told a lie.' Teacher : ' Right. Go to the head.'— «? Exchange.' Eveiy bald-beaded mm believes tbat bis active brain has done it. ? 