THE SERMON. .WHERE'S YOUR LIGHT? A CYCLING PARABLE. Sermon to Cyclists, preached in Pltt-itreet Con frtgatiohal {Jljurch, Sydney, by Rev. E. TRE MAYN&DUN8TAN.; , "Let yoifrcllKhtihiAe before!men."-Matt. V. 18. In nothing-is the mechanical genius of the century more manifest than in the marvellous developments of aids to locomo tion. gteam haB annihilated space, elec tricity promises to revolutionise the traffic of the streets, and during the laat few years the cycle has made millions of people almost independent of both- I say during the last few years, for, although I can" re member the antiquated "bone-stake^" when I was a small boy, it is within the precent decade that cycling has become bo universally popular. It is used now for business as well as for pleasure. There are well-equipped army corps, there are cycling postmen and messengers in the Govern ment service,- and many of our business offices seek the aid of this rapid locomo tion for their employes. To others of us cycling is an exhilarating pastime, as well as a means of transit; and I know of few things more conducive to health of body and relaxation of spirit than a good spin on these crisp autumn mornings. Doubtless there are many here who can fully share this appreciation, and to you my parable this evening will have some special application. I need not attempt to disguise my purpose; I use the lower things as illustrations of the higher. I follow the lead of the Great Teacher, who made the common things of earth to unfold the deep! things of God. "He spake unto them in! parables, and without a parable spake lie not unto them." There are many cyclists here to-night,' and so I want to speak of one of the things essential to careful riding. There are cer tain conditions you always want to make sure of ere you start on your journey. The machine must be well oiled, and the bear ings must run smoothly; the nuts must be in place and thoroughly tightened; your oil-can, outfit, and spanners must be in the bag, in case of accident or need; your tires must be full, and the pump must be strapped to the bar; your gearing must be right for the particular road you would cover, and the seat must be properly ad justed; you will need the bell, or that BOUI stirring and nerve-testing instrument which sometimes takes its place; and there is yet one other thing without which your equip ment is not complete, and if you forget it the time may come when you will have a rude reminder. "Where's your light!" was the sharp question of a Perth policeman when, one evening, I was returning from a country run. I had expected to reach home before dark, and was carefully avoiding the fre quented highways, when a zealous con stable, with a map* of Limerick on his face, saw his opportunity of catching a man whose favourite colour was not green, and the result was that only by special pleading with the magistrate's clerk did 1 escape standing at the bar with Bridget Maloney and other delinquents who let their cows stray. Where's your light? I want to arrest you with tne same question. You and I will be judged by-and-bye not by the lamps we carry, but by the light we give out. Let me remind you, then, of some very homely truths along this line of thought. Perhaps I might as well trace the track, before we start out upon the run. It is just as well that we Know where we are going. I want to show you 1st. That a polished lamp is of little use unless it be fully furnished to give light. 2nd. That a fully furnished lamp is of little use unless it be lit. 3rd. That a lamp which is lit is of little use unless it be placed where it can be 6een. 4th. That a lamp, trimmed, lit, and placed where it can be 6een, is of use not simply to ourselves but to others. Let me amplify these points. ? 1\. A POLISHED LAMP IS OF LITTLE USE UN LESS IT BE FULLY FURNISHED TO GIVE LIGHT. \ It is interesting to trace the evolution of the lamp. Cajidlas of tallow were first used, then primitive lamps with wicks of flax Were often substituted, and these with little. variation were the ordinary light-bearers until the dawn of the present century. Indeed, it was not until the century had half expired j that mineral oils took the place of the old,' fixed'oils, and lamps began to ' show marked impnu'ement. The world i has advanced marvellously; in its light-pro ! ducing contrivances during the Victorian i era. Less than a hundred years ago flam ing torches, carried by link uoys, were the only lights in the streets, and the only lamp commonly in use smoked almost as much ! as it shone, for its wick was round and bulky, and Drought up more oil than could be consumed. Then came the flat, thin wick, with its wider surface for the air to act, upon. Then, marvellous advance, the Argand burner, with its cylinder, which allowed a free passage of air, and its glass chimney, which secured a fuller flame. Then tlie Bude light, invented by M'Gur ncy, a near neighbour of my own in my boyhood, who substituted pure oxygen for common air, and banished candles for ever from the House of Commons. Thep coal gas came into general use, and last of all the dazzling electric light-"borrowed lightning." "Last of all," do I say? No; not quite; for coal gas agiin asserts itself in these incandescent flames, and acetelyne gas seems to be most dazzling of them all. Now, this development has it counterpart in the increasing opportunities of spiritual illumination, lhe light of God has been a growing light. When first it dawned upon the world there was a dimnesB as of tne twilight. Men had faint and imperfect conceptions of God. He was as one who talkea with them "in the wind of the day" -the breeze which sprang up at eventide seemed to whisper His messages: and when men thought He was angry, or had reason to be angry, their guilty consciences con jured up awful messages of doom, which rolled from out the thunder. They saw Gcd, but it was as through a glass, darkly. Do you wonder at 6ome passages in the Old Testament Scriptures, at the 6tory of the destruction of the Canaanites, at passages in the vindictive Psalms, at the record of Jael's treachery, and of Elijah's massacre of the priests of Baal? . The explanation is here. Men were feeling their way through the twilight; they were lit by the poor tapers "of an imperfect though progressive revelation. -. , .. . . But when the fulness of time pad come "tlie pe6ple #f&t;" walfcod in darkn&ss; Baw a icre^t the land of the shadow of death, upon them did the light shine." Let ub open mind and heart to the fuller light of the Christ that is; of the Christ who by His Spirit is more truly in the world to-day than ever before in the expe rience of men. Ours iB the wider outlook; oura the keener vision, which befits the brighter light. Let us be prepared for new revelations. The last word naB not been spoken. "The Lord hath yet more light and truth To break forth from Ills word." Ay! and even the sealed book is not the ia£t chapter of Divine revelation-God by His Spirit speaks to men to-day. People who are marvellously liberal in politics, and in their general views of life, are often the veriest Tories as regards their religious thought. They cling to cast-iron creeds and anqent formularies, as if these man made things could contain all the truth of God. I honour, nay, reverence, many of these ancient confessions of faitn because of their historic interest; but, though ex cellent, they are unfinished. They en shrine the faith of yesterday, but not always of to-day, and they certainly may not of to-morrow. Some time ago, I visited an ancient church, which, seemingly, was lit by can dles. They gave a bright light, but it struck me after a while that they were all of equal length, that the flame was un usually large, and that the candles grew no less. Then I noticed that, in deference, perhaps, to thT conservative feeling of good folk, who could not bear to see candles re placed by ordinary gas jets, the candles were not real, but imitations, that simply allowed the modern illuminant to pass through. Some of the ancient creeds of the church have their place still, some of the Light of Cod manages to pass through them; but we must not oe impatient or suspicious, if sometimes the light comes along other and more modern channels. We, at any rate, may seek the light direct, and there is no limit to the possibilities of our supply. In the old days, when men wanted oil for their Crimitive lamps, they slew a beast, and oiled the fat, or extracted it from some plant. Now men put down a bore, and tap the practically inexhaustible supply within tlie bowels of the earth. You and I live in a dispensation in. which we can put the wick of faith into the limitless resource of Divine grace. H.-A FULLY FURNISHED LAMP IS OF LITTLE | USE UNLESS IT BE LIT. A man may have a splendid physical equipment, he may be a very Hercules in bulla, but if he will not exercise himself lie will become awkward and ungainly, and Jiis natural capacity will become a hind rance, rather than a help. A man may be well equipped mentally, but unless he can turn his attainments to good account, unless the light that is with in him burns and shines, in spending itself for others, bis' intellectualism becomes a clog, a brate upon the wheels of progress. A man may nave all the fitness,'the'capa city for high spiritual service, but he will do little for G<)d and for humanity until he Be set on fire... The first disciples had the best possible training, but they did not receive power until there came upon them the "cloven, tongue,' like as of fire, and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost." if you and I want to do anything worth doing we must seek- the same enduement. If there is failure in any life it generally lies here, in the wapt of that subtle something, which we call fire. The workman is a poor tool if he have no "go" in him; the business man makes little headway unless he is "fer vent in spirit;" a man in his profession, whatever it be, must put heart into his work if he would succeed; and, above all, the preacher in the pulpit is but as "sound I ing brass and tinkling cymbal" if there be np fire consuming his own spirit, and liglit 1 ing the spirits of other men. | A man "puts himself into his best work. I The cross of Jesus is a parable as well as i a redemption. Every man who lives well ! is stretched upon his cross and sacrificed. Why did Gladstone leave the comforts of his home and relinquish the delights of the students' cloister? It was because he voluntarily stretched himself upon his own cross, "iou remember how George Whit field passed out into the fuller life and light: he stood upon the stair of the house in which he lodged, while the crowd that , had followed him home from the meeting ] house filled the hall and begged him for 1 another message. He was so jveak that he had to cling to the rail for support, but he i stood there holding in his left hand the candle, and as the people listened with up , turned and tearful faces he spoke of the ' love of God till the candle burnt into the ; socket and spent itself. His own spirit I had even so burnt itself out. "Good j night, good night, my people," he 6aid, i feeblv;. then, like another Moses, passed up ; into his Nebo to die. After all it was a ! grand death. Every true life is a. self-con | suming life. III.-A LAMP WHICH IS LIT IS OF LITTLE USE, UNLESS IT BE PLACED WHERE IT CAN BE SEEN. You are careful to put your lamp in front of the machine, where it can not only throw light upon your own path, but where it can also warn others. The light of a man's testimony for good ' is often hidden away. "Men light a candle ! and put it under a bushel." I Know some ' thing of the difficulty of confessing Christ. I have not forgotten the days of my early discipleship. Sneers can sometimes cut with sharper edge than swords. But the duty is clear. A man need not Bwear him self in as a special moral constable for Bociety in general, and for his own neigh bours in particular; but a decent man will not wink at indecency; and if he makes a profession of religion he will win the respect of his fellows by living up to it. Men will always respect a Christian; they I will only pass on the" word of our greatest ! bard: " To thine own self be true; And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man." Mark the phrasing here-it is instructive. "Let your light shine." Let it-there is all the difference between the natural shin ing of a consistent life and the unnatural influence of a forced confession indicated by that phrase. Some men never let their light Bhine: they spend all their time send ing out "flare-ups." They are great at getting up petitions and proposing moral resolutions for the guidance of other people. "LET YOUR LIGHT STONE." Jt is an excellent rule of life. The light ouse beats no drum, rings no bell, utters no boast] it only shines. Perhaps I can illustrate what I mean. I remember 'fitting with several fellows in a college den. Something occurred which every man regarded as reprehensible; All ttJjowere present ^elt stroiigly concerning the wrong; but one man flared up with' rather, extraordinary zeal, and began to erupt like a volcano. The best man among us said nothing, until the eloquent protest ter made a break for breath. Then ho managed very Bkilfully to turn the whole conversation, and to give us something worth talking about. The furious expos tulator haB h&d; a rather chequered careefr, and is neither a burning nor a shining light just now. The other man is stiu managing to overmaster evil with good. The Admiralty order is a very excellent one, "Light the lamps every evening at Bun-setting, and keep them constantly burn ing, bright and clear, till sun-rising." It ift an excellent rule of life. God grant that we may keep it, "till suns shall rise to set no more." IV.-THE LAMP, TRIMMED, LIT, AND PLACED WHERE IT CAN BE SEEN. IS OF USE, NOT SIMPLY TO OURSELVES, BUT ALSO TO OTHERS. To you the lamp may be of little ser vice. You may see the path clearly; but you must light it that others may be warned and helped. You go among people who show no lights-there is no law for' them in the matter; there certainly is for you. Some time ago I explored with a friend the dark passages of a coal mine. An underground manager went with us, and previous to starting gave us each a small lamp, with a flaring and smoking wick, jusfc such as our grandfathers used. There was no gas in the mine, so we could venture with the open light. Walking was difficult, and by-and-bye I found myself considerably I behind the party. Presently passing under I an open air shaft my light blew out, but I could see the lights of the others, and, cheered by their reflection, managed to stumble on with quickened pace. Brothers! All around you are men whose lights have gone out, but you make a pro fession, and they are watching you keenly. Keep the light burning brightly if only, for their sakes who stumble and fall. Ay! and some who hear me may be conscious, as they listen now, that the light of the life has gone out; the way & dark to you to-day. It was not ever s6. There came a cold blast of doubt, the win ter winds of worldliness, the foul breath' of mammon. The light has ^one out. It is dark, dark, so dark. What would you not give for a return of the old light and joy. They may be yours. They may be yours now. Quicken vour pace, as I did in the dark mine. Tne Guide is waiting for you, as the fuide waited for me. He misses you, and le is willing by His spirit to light the smouldering wick again. Even now, {is we bend in prayer the fire may come, you* heart may be kindled with a still and holy flame, that burns as on an altar. May the light come! 