| THE PLEASURES OF POVERTY- I Of late (says a writer in the " Globe") the air has been ruther fall of panegyrics of poverty, mostly delivered by the immoderately wealthy from a theoretical and naively external standpoint. Per haps there is still room for a practioal statement of the true delights of poverty, viewed from the inside, and narrated soberly and in all good faith. Id so happened on a certain day in early July that Fortune, willing to be amused, looked forth upon the ereat North road, and saw me, seventj' miles from home, taking mine ease upon my bicycle, with only a couple of shillings in my pocket, but a remittance waiting for me, as X trusted, in the next town. Such was the raw material ready to her hand, out of which she deftly- fashioned a story perchance worth the telling. The divertisement began well. A. piece of bottle glass was the " diabolns ex macbina," at whose touch my back 'tvre breathed stertorously and collapsed, gashed beyond all possibility of wayside repair. "Take comfort," whispered Fortune, "vou. have only six miles to go. Eat, drink," "and be merry." Her philosophy allured me to the squandering of half my moneys at the nearest inn, and I resumed my tramp towards affluence with a light heart. Poor fool !- Two honrs later 1 learned that the remittance had not come.- It was quite necessary-to review the position calmly. Here I was stranded, a stranger . in a far country,' ! unable" to rr-fse money in any way, and compelled -"t-\ wait until the friend - in whom I trusted should remember me. Two courses wore open; I might sample in turn the casual wards of the nearest workhouses, or sleep and live out of doors as. long «s was necessary. Unhesitatingly I chose the latter alternative. About dusk I came to a quiet common, well-wooded and thickly carpeted with dried ferns. My instinct selected a particular tree as affording-the ideal, shelter, and, having collected bracken for a conch, I composed myself to sleep with a peculiar self-oomplacency. Alas, for inexperience 1 At midnight I arose chilled and aching, for the mattress was far too thin, and X_ bitterly needed a covering. More bracken must be had, and while nettles stung and thorns of an incredible sharpness ran into the juicy plaoes of my fingers I gathered on. Once more settled down, I lay dreamily watching the starlight shining through the tracery of the trees, sharply outlining ench leafy branch against the clear cold sky ; and as I waked and dozed alter nately the night crept on, until after a while a thrush's note, cloar and full ushered in the olamorouR dawn. " No, sir, nothing for yon !" was the reply to my hopeful inquiry at the post office, and I retired to resolve myself into Committee of Supply, . for I was now appreciably hungry. The problem was, How to exist on a shilling for several days. Luxuries were evidently a little out of the question ; finally, I decided to live a blameless life on bread, which in the nature of things must be the staple, and oheese for the condiment. Then ensued a period of buying in the cheapest market, with tho result that 1 got a surprising loaf for twopence, and that, together with half a pound of cheese, contented me for a day aud n. night, and the next day also, leaving a penny for Bath buns or a scone. I took' the Bath buns ; there was to my fancy more substance about them, something substantial and with sustaining power -perhaps sand. The weather was glorious oa that day, and all the' days of my captivity,-and my desires turned towards unattainable drinks as I strolled about; mostly iu the open, for I thought to absorb a store of heat from the " middaysun thatshould comfort me during the darkness. Aud, indeed, on first lying down I was pleasantly warm, but the . heat, doubtless, radiated' from tne as quiokly as from the mother earth,to whose breast I trusted myself, since after a oouplo of hoars at tli3 most I always awoke, and, in the silent watches of the night - my soul cried out for blankets. The bedroom, of the second . night had a singular structural advantage that . induced me to patronise it. It was composed of two stacks "of straw, curiously joined together at the top, but with a narrow and lowly passage between them near the ground. The" unoifered shelter of this hospitable roof wasthankfully received, and.crawling in like a rabbit into its burrow, I slept as if iu a vault. " The rats woke me once or twice; but the passing of a policeman at dead of night-I recognised the official footfall- scared me more than innutner* able rodents could have done. A triple vision pf a cell, a magistrate's court, and a large pile of oakum flashed across me, and I held my breath for a season. Yet withal that night's rest was enjoyable, since I was sheltered from the wind ; a rare thing indeed, for the ordinary stack stands a very temple of iEoIus, round whose rugged corners zephyrs and storm-blasts play hide and seek continually. Not desiring that my chaste slumbers should be disturbed again, I wandered further afield on Sunday and discovered a desirable hay» rick, remote from human habitation, but bard by a cemetery wall. Let it be said at once that no ghosts revisited " the glimpses of the moon ; " perhaps one could not reasonably expect them from a mere cemetery ; and I was left wholly at "peace.- The hay made a capital bed and coverlet; but as a piliow it was abominably prickly, until I hit upon the device of using the strap . of my Norfolk jacket as a wrapper for the throat. All night I was - excellently warm, but for this pleasure X paid dearly in the morn ing, when it appeared that the hayseeds had edged themselves shyly into the roughness of the cloth, and there stuck closer than many brothers. The common remedial brushing only removed the weaker minded ; one by one I picked off the others, the vast majority. It was a serviceable lesson on the vanity of human wishes. Monday had come, and I was at the nadir'of my fortunes. Picture me, a de plorable figure, hourly haunting the post office, until the young ladies who deign occasionally to minister to the public weal began to take a lively interest iu my_ being ; and the august postmaster himself would sine out cheerily, " Nothing come yet ! " ere. ever I had fairly' stepped through the doorway. That night, when I had almost ceased to hope, came deliver* ance in the shape of a money order. I was free to wallow if X would in luxury. Yet 60 abiding upon me was the shadow nf the past days that I hesitated long before I dared to expend a whole half-crown in one Gargantuan meal. Thus out jf con jecture had emerged the dominant fact; Xt was possible to live for nearly half -a week at the rate of fourpence a "day. I had done it; but I would not do it again for-well, a shilling ! " We have now no fewer than four African ex-raonarchs in safe keeping in various parts of the continent. The formorXang of Benin, -who has been detained at Old Calabar since the 'ond of 1897, receives an allowance of half a sovereign a day, which he finds amply sufficient to provide for his creature coinfortt. The other three 41 Eiugd in e*ile" are 3Mwanga, liabarcga, and Prempeh. (May they bo shortly joined by "ICruger.") 