MORWELL. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) On Sunday last Dr Corbett, Bishop of Sale, visited the Sacred Heart Church, Morwell, for the purpose of administering confirmation, when there was a very large attendance to witness the ceremony. The Bishop at the out set"stated there were seven sacraments, viz., Baptism, Confirmation, Eucharist, Penance, Extreme Unction, Holy Orders, and Matrimony. For thirty years the Lord had lived a retired life on earth, after which he devoted three years to his public ministry, during which time he instructed the Apostles, and preached one doctrina, one faith, one Lord, and one true Church-the Roman Catholic Church. Christ said to Peter : "Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My church; and I will give to thee the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven." Christ had said " My church," not " My_ churches." He committed to St. Peter, and to his lawful successors, the care of His flock and His Church,, and said, "I will be with you always, even to the end of the world." He would be with them at all times The present Pope Leo. XIII. succeeded St. Peter, who was chief of the Apostles, whilst the suc cessors of the other Apostles were the Bishops of the Holy Catholic Church; and Christ had promised ":that the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." The true Church, besides having the true faith, had the communion of saints and the forgiveness of sins; the latter power Christ left to the pastors of His Church. The power was given only'to the Apostles and their lawful successors of the one true Church. He once heard a man say lie was a Protes tadt and a Catholic, but such a thing was impossible. It was just the same as saying two and two makes four, and two and two made five, and they should put away any such notion. Those about to be confirmed had entered the door by being bapt;sed, for without baptism they could not enter the Kingdom of God. Baptism cleanses from original sin, and made them children of God and heirs to the Kingdom of Heaven. The sacrament he was about to administer would make them christians, and they would receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, viz., wisdom, understanding, counsel, fortitude, knowledge, piety, and the fear of the Lord. Under no circumstance what ever could they be confirmed more than once. There were three sacra ments that it would be absolutely im possible for them to receive more than once, namely, Baptism, Confirmation, and Holy Orders, because they imprint on the soul a character or spiritual mark that can never be effaced. The other sacraments could be received more than once. It was right to receive more than once the Blessed Eucharist (going to communion), and the sacrament of Penance (forgiveness of sins committed after baptism), and Extreme Unction (grace to die well, ani comfort of dying persons). The sacrament of matrimony could also be received more than once. If the hus band was dead the wife could marry again, or if the wife were dead the hus band could marry again, but the bond could by no means whatever be broken except by death,. It was a disgrace that the law of the land permitted such a thing as divorce, which permitted a justice to grant a decree, whereby a man or woman who had been united in the holy bonds of wedlock could marry again whilst both were living. He would ask any respectable woman what she thought of a divorced woman who married again. It was nothing more or less than living in open adultery, and the woman who did so was nothing better than a common who walked the streets, and a man who married again was no better than the woman. What God had joined together no man could put asunder. Not even the Pope himself. The single reason why the Church of England separated from the Holy Catholic Church, was because the Pope refused to grant Henry VIII. a divorce from his wife. The King on that account left the church and divorced himself. The Bishop also mentioned that prosecutions had taken place in consequence of the Pope refusing to comply with the request of the great Napoleon to divorce his brother, who had married a Protestant. After this His Reverence adminis tered the sacrament of confirmation to 17 boys and t9 girls (most of the latter being dressed like brides), by making a sign of the cross on their foreheads with chrism, and offering up a prayer that the Holy Ghost might descend upon them. After the ceremony the Bishop stated it was necessary for those who had been confirmed to take the temper ance pledge, and they repeated the oath "that they would abstain, with divine assistance from all intoxicating liquors till they reached at least 21 )years." The Bishop said if they kept the pledge faithfully till they were 2r, it was pretty certalis they would be temperate all their lives., They had also certain duties to observe, the first being :o God, who was their first Father and created them out of nothing. In the morning they were to say their prayers, and not rush out of their room like a dog. The plea of no time was no excuse, for all could find at least five minutes to say their prayers. The remainder of the Bishop's address we are unable to give owing to want of1 space. 