WESIEYAN^SUNDAY-SCHOOL. LAY1NG A FOUNDATION STONE. ^ The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new classroom now in course of erection at the back of the Patterson St Wesleyan Sunday School was held yesterday . the stone being laid by Mr Wm.diun at tbe back of the Patteraon Hart, M.LC. There was a good attendance of school and church members and others interested. Rev Charles Lancaster presided. The grounds were decked with flags from the barque Brier Holme. Music a was supplied by the Sunday school orchestra led by Mr H. Issell. iThe Chairman said it was a red letter day in the history of the Patterson St Sunday school.n the history of the Pattcmon-iircet Bun gi7ingb°«orf people commltied to their charge. No ambition in pulling down the old class rooms and building new ones. Ho had felt pride in showing their church to visi ing with pride ^He wonld' refe/ft ^ad school and a poor chnrch to a j»^r ichoo! -m be taken as ' iqke cBre of the scliuii, und the oburcb «j:l take care of inplf' lie had be^rd old scbokn of their ac!:o:l sp;-ak very tenderly ol t!,c times Ihoy have bad in tbu old building. He v,m Burfl they all believed that God's smile wonld rat on the lion of tbe old bulidlng'with a'^fccllng o'f ' °f ormer riay{ m|p™T'at°f Several of tbrsa old people were with thorn, and he hoped they would remain with liiem for ye*rs to come. The nothing eleu than turn Oct Frederick Lang- ' htm, it had done well. In building the new rooms Ujey were obeying Gad's com mand to gJ for ward He waa glad to siy | people sav Meth^diim ii dead. If it was, drad, it harl a very lively ghost indeed, ?During tbi past twelve months Methodism bad spent about £-60 000 in Britain lu new | buildings Anglicans aay Methodism had I gone, and wanted them to go bock to the , arms of the Ang'lcan Cbu-ch. H they di.l 1 very big and vigorous baby. One of tho, most bopeful siguB of the future of Method Ism w.b tha pucce» of 1'b schonl work. This BuoceBS liQwever, had iu. aide, for be feared some psrenlB left all tbe training of their children la the hsuds of thB Sunday-school li.acl.iri H the leakage tbe Bucdav-sehool, be h:!x'-vi'd it ft as to be slopped by parent* in Ibe Inasr, wbo« duty it wis to train tbefr children fn Hie love of e'e h^r^'^K6' m'tel-y littk, if^t all, in j debt when ihoy are oppn.rd. Ttjey hoped to 1 open tbe claM-rooms cow being bnilt tne power of Qod'e Holy Rpirit. God's Spirit wa b the power, and the school thmaschlnery. With this power tbe future of the school Would toabBDdui^blrM'*, and it PrRePvE.V J. Nance , M.A., said therB was the claas-rooniB, Nothing Was heard of any money at all, In Lsunceston tV.Bre was never any dlflloolty in getting money for anything in which children were concerned. I The troth was that the inUreiU and welfare of the children lay vary close to ' The chairman then presented Mr William Hart, M.LC, with a trowel and mallet, with the following inscription : ' Presented to the Honorable: Wm Hart, M.L. C., at the tha laying of the foundation stone of the new classrooms of the P'atterson-street Wesleyan Sunday-school, October, 18, 1899. A bottle containing daily papers, and coins of the realm having been placed under the stone , Mr Hart performed the customary ceremony anddeclared the stone to be "well and truly laid". u'™ \X\ ''JIOIII W»rt ?PDfl ?-- wcampaiil. ButsfUiceniluiUt. 