THE CARDINAL AT THE CATHE — . ? 3, ? — ? ONE MISSION, ONE STANDARD, IN THE MARCH OF THE CENTURIES. ' OUTSIDE OF THE CHURCH NO SAL VATION'— THE TRUE CATHOLIC TEACHING. ARE THE CHURCH AND THE BIBLE IN OPPOSITION? THIRD LENTEN LECTURE. !???' At St. Mary's Cathedral on Sunday evening last the- Cardinal-Archbishop continued his Lenten Lectures. The edifice was completely tilled. 'The Church of the Living God, the pillar and ground of the truth' (1st Timothy, iii., 15). The Church of Christ in its institution presents a ftct unique in the history of the world. A f sw humble Jewish fishermen, men without name or rank, with out wealth or genius to commend them, receive a commission from the Redeemer to go forth heralds nf t.hp. miblimpsf-. truths. to the whole world. Thev were of themselves frail and ignorant, hard of dis cipline and hard of faith. One of them will betray His Divine Master, another will foreswear himself, denying to have known Him, a third will be incre dulous even after the Resurrection. The burden of their commission is to preach Christ Crucified, a ?'-?'? doctrine, '' to the Jews a scandal, and a folly to the Gentiles' : they are at the same time to convey the his highest lessons of heavenly wisdom to Greece and Rome, to the rich and the poor, the young and the old, the wise and the xmwise. They were fore warned that tribulation and sufferings and death would be their lot, but the prophetic announcement was lso made to them that wholly unprovided though they were with human means, they were to build up a spiritual kingdom which would embrace the whole world and would last throughout all ages The history of the world tells that those words of prophecy have been fulfilled. St. Augustine takes occasion from the fulfilment of these prophecies to write that it was either by Divine or by human power such a work was accom plished. If it was by Divine power, the work therefore must be Divine; if it was by human power, j'et such a result achieved by such means must be regarded as the greatest miracle recorded In the world's history, and therefore once more that work must be Divine. INFIDELS RECOGNIZE THE CHURCH AS A MIUACLE. Even many of those who in the spirit of impiety have waged war against the Ohurch have been forced to recognize in this a miracle of the Most High. One of the leaders in the ranks of infidelity (Boyle) has written : ' The Gospel, though preached by persons without fame, without learning, without eloquence, by men cruelly persecuted and .wholly destitute of all. human support, was never theless in a short time spread throughout the whole world. This fact is such as none can gainsay, and is a convincing proof that it is the work of God.' Another infidel writer (Rousseau) enters somewhat more into detail : ' Twelve poor fishermen (he says) undertook the task of instructing and converting the world. They preached without art ; their greatest miracle was their sanctity of life. Their disciples followed their example ; their success was prodigious. Persecutions were stirred up against them, but the persecutors only hastened the suc cess of the religion which they sought to suppress. All the Christians rushed to martyrdom ; all the citizens rushed to baptism ; the history of those times is a continuous miracle.' What idea are we to form of the Church thus Divinely founded ? HOLY CHURCH FORESHADOWED IN PROPHESY. Some of the Fathers recognize its type in the Garden of Paradise prepared by the hand of God 'Himself as a dwelling for man, and they Fee in the Tree of Life the figure of the Cross which in Holy Church by its fruits of mercy imparts life to the faithful. Others see it foreshadowed in the Ark. destined as it is, however, to bring the blessings of salvation not to one family alone, but to the whole human race The Church was foreshadowed in prophesy. It is styled the new and ' everlasting covenant of God with His people '; the mystic city of Sion 'seated on the mountain summit whither all nations shall bend their steps to learn God's law'; and its destiny is thus pictured for us by the prophet Isaiah : ' He that hath made thee shall rule over thee, the Lord of Hosts in His name, and thy Redeemer, the holy one of Israel, shall be called the God of all the earth. The mountains shall be moved, and the hills shall tremble ; but My mercy shall not depart from thee, and the covenant of My peace shall not be moved, saith the Lord that hath mercy on thee. No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper ; and every tongue that resisteth thee in judgment, Ithou shalt condemn. This ia the heritage of the servants of Jehovoh, and their justification from Me, saith the Lord.' (Is. liv., 17) In the New Testament it is presented to*us as ' The House of God,' ' The City of God,' 'The Church of the living God, the pillar and the ground of truth,' It is fruit ful vine-, 'The Fold of Christ,' 'the Spouse of Jesus Christ,' ' The mother of the faithful.' The Apostle loves to refer to it as 'The Body of Christ,' that is, His mystical body, of which the. faithfuljare the members, and He the head. Our Saviour in the Gospels most frequently describes it as God's Kingdom upon earth, the Spiritual Kingdom which He came to establish, the Divine Kingdom which should never pass away, the Kingdom of mercy and truth and love. It is of this Kingdom that the Prophet Daniel spoke, 'The God of Heaven will set up a Kingdom that shall never be destroyed, and his Kingdom shall not be delivered up to another people, and it shall break in pieces and shall consume all these Kingdoms (of the world), and itself Rhall stand for ever.' (ii. 44 ) Itisthe whole purpose of the Church to nhow forth God's glory, perpetuating Christ's presence on earth till the end .of time, handing on from age to age the exhauatless treasurer, of Divine mercy and love, and bringing . ' within the reach of each faithful eoul the countless unfailing blessings -purchased for us by the Redeemer's thrice-blessed life and sufferings and death. THE WELL OF LIVING WATERS. I need not repeat the loving words with which the Fathers from age to age have set forth the glorious attributes of the Church, her Divine mis sion, her heavenly destiny. St. Irenaeus may speak for all. Writing as early as the second century, he calls the Church ' the well of living waters,' ' the gate of life,' 'the depository of truth.' 'The Church,' he says, 'though spread throughout the whole world, guards the faith as though dwelling in one house, as having one soul, and one and the same heart, and as though she spoke with one mouth.' And referring to the various heresies that had arisen, he reproves them for 'seeking elsewhere for the truth which it is easy to receive from the Church, seeing that the Apostles most fully committed unto this Church, as unto a rich depository, all whatever is of truth, that every one who willeth may draw out of it the drink of life. For this is the gate of life. But the sectaries are thieves and robbers ; therefore we ought to avoid them, but cling with the utmost care to whatever is of the Church, and hold fast the tradition of truth.' (Adv. haer. iii. 4.) The tenderness of affection of all the Fathers for Holy Church is expressed by St. Augustine when he cried out: 'Too late have I known thee, 0 ancient beauty, too late have I loved thee ! Truth always ancient, yet always new.' MARKS BY WHICH WE MAY KNOW HER. it nas pieaseu tne ±j mne iounaer oi me raitn 10 assign to His Church certain marks or features so that it may easily be recognized even by those who have least claim to the wisdom of this world. These marks are set forth in the Nicene Creed when we profess our belief in the Church of God, 'One, Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic.' The Church is one ; the Redeemer prays that His disciples may be linked together in such a perfect unity that the oneness of the Godhead itself may be its type : 'Thpt they may be one, a9 Thou Father in me and I in Thee ; that they may be one in us ' ; and this unity of His disciples was to be a token to the world that the Redeemer's mission was Divine: 'That the world may know that Thou hast sent me.' This unity proceeds from the Redeemer ever living in His Church. Heresies may attempt to realize something like it, but their efforts shall be in vain. They may fancy that by compromises and closing their eyes to their manifest contradictions they may form an unity, But, they might as well try to form the sun by gathering together some of its scattered rays. Unity in the Church is a Divine creation. You may assail it, you may resist it, but you cannot imitate it, or you can no more destroy it than you can put out the sun by shutting your eyes against its light. Ihe Church is Holy: for it is the counterpart on earth of the heavenly Jerusalem, and ia described by the. Apostles as the Spouse of the Lamb, and chaste virgin, all beauti ful and fair, without spot or wrinkle (Ephes., v. 27, 2\. Corinth, xi. 2). It is Catholic, for this is the A.postolic mission to gather all nations into the one saving fold, and to preserve throughout all time to all God's children the full heritage of Divine Truth. And it is Apostolical, for the Apostles are the foundations of the mystic city, and theirs is the commission to hand on the traditions of the Faith till the end of time : ' Behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' THE CHURCH THE SAME—IN ROME OR NEW YORK, IN PARIS OR PEKIN, Now, need I say that all these features and Divinely- given marks shine forth most unmistak ably in the Catholic Church. Truly perfect in its unity, it is one in Faith, in sacrifice, in Sacraments, in government ; it is the City of God on earth which the Divine wisdom rules, the Divine power defends, the ever- abiding Holy Ghost enlightens, protects, and preserves. How consoling is the thought that whithersoever the Catholic goes over the known world, whether he enters his Church in Paris or Pekin, in New York or Rome, in Dublin or Alexandria, he will find the same spiritual authority recognized, the same doctrine preached, the same sacrifice offered up, the same Sacraments administered. The Catholic Church is Holy, truly arrayed in sanctity, and possessing the fruitfulness of all heavenly virtues as her inheritance. There are many degrees in sanctity, differing from one another as ' star doth differ from star in bright ness,' but all these in their endless variety shine forth in the lives of the Saints and form the radiant vesture of the Spouse of Christ. They are the golden robes of which the Prophet speaks : ' The queen stood on the right hand in gilded clothing surrounded with variety.' The royal robe reveals the queen ; even so in Holy Church, sanctity marks her as the Spouse of Christ and proclaims to the world her heavenly origin. The very name of Ca tholic is adjudged by the whole world to our Holy Mother Church, and justly so. There is no land, civilized or barbarian, in which she has not unfurled the standard of the Cross ; no people, howsoever savage or remote, to whom she has not preached Christ and Him crucified. This name of Catholic to- day os from the earliest times is held in dearest affection by the children of the Church. We accept without hesitation the motto which fourteen centuries ago St. Pacianus, amid the many heresies that then arose, gave to the people for the standard of orthodoxy, ' Christian is my name, Catholic is ray surname.' And what St. Augustine wrote is as true to-day as it was in the year 400 : 'Among the many considerations that bind me to the Church is the name of Catholic, which, not without reason, in the midst of so many heresies, this Church alone has so retained, that although all heretics wish to acquire the name, yet should a stranger ask where do the Catholics assemble, the heretics themselves will not dare to point out any of their own places of meeting.' So, too, is Holy Church Apostolical, going back in an unbroken line to the root of the faith on the first Feast of Pentecost. Of every sect and heresy we can trace the origin, we can mark the date of its birth, the time when it began. But the Catholic Church in true Apostolical succession leads us back from age to age, the same in every century, teaching the doctrine of the Apostles, fulfilling their mission by gathering nations into the fold^of Christ, bringing forth armies of martyrs and con fessors and doctors, and training myriads of her children in the paths of perfection to people heaven with saints. Perfect in the Apostolic type, it is only the Catholic Church that is founded upoa the rock, upon which Christ declared that He would build His Church ; she alone is confirmed in the faith by him for whom Christ prayed tha1; his faith might never fail ; she alone hears the voice of him to whom as supreme pastor Christ confided the feeding and the shepherding of His lambs and sheep upon earth. The Catholic Church is the bark of Peter, and no matter how the storms and tempests may rnge around it, it shall not suffer shipwreck, for Christ is present, and it bears as its burden the master of the winds and waves. THOSE WITHOUT THE FOLD— BATTLING AMONG THEMSELVES. Now it is a remarkable lact that although many of the communions separated from the Catholic Church daily repeat the profession of Faith, ' I believe in one, holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church,' yet none of them puts forward the faintest pretence to be endowed with these distinctive marks of the True Church. What shall I say of the Anglican Church with its numberless sectaries battling among themselves in endless confusion and indecision as to what they are to believe or not be lieve? Its most ardent admirers will tell you with complacency, not of the Unity of its Faith, but of ;ts comprehensiveness that embraces every variety of tenets. A leading exponent of Protestant opinion not long ago set forth the condition of things as follows : - ' The Church of England is at present an embodiment of three religions. It teaches one religion which can hardly be distinguished from Deism ; another which is almost identical with Romanism ; and another which may be defined as a sort of Calvinistic Methodism. All these three cannot be true, for any two of these are mutually contradictory ; yet all of them are being taught at the same time as equally authoritative, equally binding upon the consciences of laymen.' You seek in vain for the mark of sanctity, that is to say, the heroism of piety which has crowned the Saints. During those 350 3rears of its career the Anglican Church has ventured to add only one name to the ancient Calendar of Saints, and that ia the name of King Charles the First. With the approval of the Anglican Bishops and the sanction of the Crown, his name as Saint and Martyr was solemnly inserted in the Calendar, but very soon the matter became too ludicrous. Public opinion proclaimed him to have no more claim to sanctity than Henry the Sth or Elizabeth or Cran mer, the first f Dunders of Anglicanism, and before half a century had run its course the name was allowed to drop silently and unnoticed from the printed Calendars. Very few even of the Anglican clergy of to-day are aware of this one abortive attempt at canonization which has characterized their church. As regards 'Catholicity, linked as the Anglican Church is with the Brit ish Crown, it can have no claim to juris diction or mission, save where the authority of that Crown extends. Again they have come 15 centuries too late in the world's history to ask us to believe in their apostolicity. They do not retain even a shadow of the distinctive apostolic type. Without orders, without jurisdiction, without episcopal succession, they have no more pretence to be the heirp of the old Bishops of England than the highway robber who, having stolen the Episcopal mitre and crozier, would pretend to be a Bishop. Some, indeed, of the ardent votaries of Anglicanism advance a claim to be a branch of the Catholic Church and thus would hope to share in the heritage of the apostolical blesshtgs. But may we not compare the attitude of our Anglican friends with the case of the merchant who would assume to be a corporate member of some import ant commercial company though that company re pudiated all connection with him ? To use another familiar illustration, those Anglicans would claim to be still a branch of the one mystic vine, whilst the vine disallows their claim, for the reason that the pretended branch has long since been lopped off, and, separated from the parent stem, it now remains mummy-like, withered, fruitless, and lifeless. As was remarked by a Protestant writer some time ago, it is only the strong arm of the State that keeps the Anglican Church from falling to pieces. Such from the earliest days has been the fate of all heresies. The Church with the sword of the Spirit has cut them off from her communion. Severed from the vine they gradually withered and decayed. Separated from the living body of Christ, the fountains of supernatural life were no longer within their reach. From that day forward neither genius nor learning, neither rank nor wealth nor eloquence, not even the support of kings nor the strength of armies could avail to quicken them into anything like a semblance of the Holy Church of the living God, or to retard their cleeT)'. THE TEST POINT.* OF DIVINE ORIGIN AND DIVINE STRENGTH. But it will be asked : Has the Church received from her Divine founder the mission to teach the doc trines of the Faith ? Has He set the seal of His authority on her marvellous destiny ? Such is the all-important problem that should engage the serious thoughts of every sincere inquirer after the lessons of heavenly truth. Now we find four things registered in a moBt explicit way in the Gospels for our instruction on this head: — These are (1st), the promise of Divine assistance to the Church in her mission of teaching — (2nd) the subject matter which she was commis sioned to teach— (3rd) those to whom that mission was given — and (4th) the term for which the mis sion would endure. And, need I say, that from these heads most unquestionably must result the Church's Divine authority to teach the truths com mitted to her by Our Blessed Lord. 1st. The Redeemer's power was supreme. The Jews themselves cried out in astonishment : ' He is not as the Scribes and Pharisees, He teaches- as one having authority.' The voice of the Father proclaimed His mission : 'This is My beloved Son ; hear ye him.' The Redeemer Himself announced to the Apostles : ' All power is given to Me in heaven and on earth,' Thus invested with supreme Divine power, he gives to the Apostles the sublime commission : ' As the Father hath sent me so I send you.' ' He who hears you hears me.' ' Go ye forth and teach all nations.' He further promises that they shall have the Holy Ghost to sustain and strengthen them in the fulfilment of their mission ; 'I will ask the Father, and He will send the Paraclete to abide with you.' ' When the spirit of truth is come, he will teach you all truth (John xvi,, 13). Thus the teaching of the Church is authoritative and Divine, even as the teaching of Christ Himself, approved by the Father and quickened by the Holy Ghost. 2nd. No less clearly defined is the domain of truth to which her commission extends. In the text just cited the Redeemer conveys the Divine promise; ' The Spirit of truth will teach you all truth'; and again, ' the Paraclete, the Holy Ghost whom the Father will send in My name, ?will teach you all things, and bring all things to your mind, whatsoever I shall have said to you.' (Jq^ xiv., 26 .) Thus all the doctrines of Life that Our Saviour revealed, all the lessons of heavenly mora. lity that He commended, these are the domain o? the Church's teaching. Natural and physical sciences, the study of the stars, the development of the world's wealth, and the thousand other pursuits which are restricted within the sphere of this earth of ours, shall continue to engage the energies and the rational faculties of man ; but every lesson of Divine morality and Divine truth shall be the Bpecial sphere of the Ghurch's teaching. 3rd. It is to the Apostles and the inheritors of the Apostolic authority that the Divine commission to teach is given. The words, ' Go ye forth into the whole world,' ' make all nations your disciples,' ' teach them all truth,' conveyed this Apostolic mission. The broad distinction is made between the disciples who were to receive the lessons of Christian truth and to be gathered into the fold, and the teachers who would be illumined by the Holy Ghost and Divinely strengthened to accom plish this sacred task. It is not, however, in their mere individual capacity that their commission is given them. Had it been given to them solely as. individuals it wonld hare ceased with their death, That mission, however, was not to cease when they would have passed away. It was to continue till ages would have run their course, and the light of truth would have shed its benign rays upon the whole human race. Hence the commission was given to them as to a Divinely- established body, a perpetual corporation who were to hand on their authority to duly-appointed successors in -Holy Church. Thus it was that St. Paul imposed hands on Timothy and appointed him to exercise the sacred ministry, and, further, he instructed that chosen disciple to ordain others in like manner in order to perpetuate the traducism of the Divine authority in the Church. 4th. So long as time shall last, the Apostolic mis sion shall endure. It was not to one race or one nation that they were sent, but to all tribes and tongues, civilized or barbarian, and the Redeemer expressly assigns the limit of His commission to them : ' I am with you all days, even to the con summation of the world' (Matth. xxviii., 20). Elsewhere in the Sacred Scripture we are told that it is only when time shall have run its course that that complete gathering of all nations into the one fold shall be fulfilled. So also when the Redeemer would unfold His design of building the Church on a Divinely-strengthened rock, He declared its destiny to be eternal : ' The gates of hell shall not: prevail against it' (Matth, xvi., 18). NO EARTHLY OR SATANIC POWER CAN DESTROY THE CHURCH. And here I may remark that the words ' I am with you,' used by Our Saviour when giving the Divine commission to the Apostles, are frequently used in regard to God in the Sacred Scripture, and invariably bring with them a special significance. They are used to denote that the mission which is given shall not be fustratedby the agencies of Satan or the wickedness of man, and that no matter how sublime or beyond man's strength the mission may be, yet the Divine word was pledged for its fulfil ment, and through the Divine power and under the guidance of Divine wisdomit should be accomplished. Thus it was when Moyses was instructed to proceed to Pharaoh and to lead his people out of Egypt, Humanly speaking, the commission was impossible of fulfilment, but the words pronounced by God, ' I am with you,' were an infallible pledge that pvery difficulty would be overcome, and the mission Divinely given would be realized. The Redeemer's words, ' the gates of hell shall not prevail,' were., not only the promise and guarantee of the per petual triumph of the Church. The prophetic an nouncement was involved in them that hell would never cease to put forth its strength to assail the Church. Again and again in the clearest terms this heritage of suffering and persecution was de clared to be the lot that awaited her. Thus in the 15th chapter of St. John the Redeemer addresses the chosen disciples : ' If the world hate you, know you that it hath hated me before you. If you had been of the world, the world would love its own; but because you are not of the world, but I have ^chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you. Remember the word that I said to you : the servant is not greater than his master. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you : if they have kept my word, they will keep your's also.' And He concludes His loving discourse to them with the words: 'In the world you shall have tribulation ; but have confidence, I have overcome the world.' (xvi., 33,) Our Saviour had chosen for Himself the royal robe of suffering. The crown of thorns was His diadem. By the cross He triumphed : ' And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all things to Myself.' (John xii., 32.) The Church, so loved by Christ, all beautiful and fair, should not be denied the privilege of being like to her heavenly spouse. Like Him she would wear the ruddy garment of suffering. At every step of her beneficent career, through(the course of the world's events, there would be Judases to betray her by the false kiss of peace, and Herods to add their mockery and derision,' and rulers and statesmen to mark out for her the rugged path of Calvary, As Christ had foretold: 'The hour cometh, that whosoever killeth you shall think that he offereth a service to God.' (John xvi., 2.) The Church, amid such humiliations and sufferings, rejoices to be made like to the Divine Master, and breathes the one fervent prayer : 'Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do.' But never does she waver in her confidence ; she rests assured that the Divine promise shall be fulfilled, and she knows full well that the persecutions she sustains and the sufferings she endures are but the prelude and presage of new triumphs that await her and of new glory for the Cross of Christ. It may be well to make a few remarks on one or two features of the Church's teaching. ' OUTSIDE THE CHURCH NO REDEMP TION.' Perhaps none of the tenets of Faith has been more distorted by evil -designing men than the salutary doctrine 'outside of the Church there is no salvation.' Even here among ourselves a few months ago it was travestied before the Australian pub'ic as if it implied that Catholics regarded all non-Catholics amongst us as already branded with the brand of eternal damnation. Now such an interpretation of those words is simply ridiculous, *g= ? — — ? and I at once declare that quite the reverse is the teaching of Holy Church. Two things must be borne in mind ; first, that the words ' outside of the Church there is no salvation' represent a most un questionable principle of Divine faith consigned by the Bedeemer to His Church ; and secondly, that no Other principle is more restricted by Holy Church, or more mysterious in its application to the lot of individual, souls than the same teaching of Our Blessed Lord. Emblazoned on the portals of Holy Church are the Divine words ' one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism.' There is but one fold of Christ; one, the marriage feast; one, the spiri tual Kingdom of God ; one, the city, whither all peoples shall bend their steps in search of truth; one, the mystical House of God ; one, the Body of Christ. Unless we are associated with the Church which is presented to us under those types and figures, we cannot have the heritage of Christ, nor the light and life and grace to lead us to our heavenly country. 'I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life,' declared the Divine Redeemer, and He, eternal truth, it was who gave to the Apostles the commis sion to teach all nations, adding the inviolable sanction, ' He who hears you, hears Me,' ' Who soever believeth not shall be condemned' The Apostles repeat the same announcement. St. Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, announces to the princes of the people and ancients in Jerusalem, as we read in the 4th chapter of the Acts, that there is no salvation but in Christ, and thut ' There is no other name under heaven given to men, whereby we must be saved.'' St. Cyprian, explaining this doctrine, compares the Church to the Ark amid the waters of the deluge : ' Were any persons saved but those who were in the Ark ? Even so, it is only in the Church that you can save your soul.' St. Augus tine uses another illustration : ' Christ is the vine,' he says, '-and we are the branches. It is only so long , as we are branches of the vine that we can bring forth fruit.' '. IT IS NOT OURS TO DECIDE. But if the truth of the saying be unquestionable that 'Outside of the Church none can be saved,' it is no less unquestionable that it is not ours to decide in particular cases ' who are those to whom the blessing of salvation is extended. It is only through the Divine mercy that we are saved. The ordinary channel of that salva tion is to be found in the visible communion of Holy Church. None lays down this doctrine more clearly than St. Augustine, and yet he adds : ' There are many who appear to be outside the Church, and yet they are within.' Heretics, Bchismatics, infidels are separated from the visible communion of the Church, and yet in particular cases they may be linked with the spirit of the Church and may be partakers of its blessings. In this mystery of the salvation of mankind three things are hidden from us : first, the workings of Divine Grace, which, as a heavenly dew, is granted to the soul ; second, the conscience of our fellow man, as it stands in the presence of God ; and thirdly, the destiny to which we pass through the gate of death. 'WE CANNOT FATHOM THE DEPTHS OF GOD'S. LOVING MERCY. We cannot fathom the depths of the mercy of God. Those who have not received the gift of Divine faith, but, nevertheless, guided by the dic tates of reason, ask His light and grace, shall not be defrauded of that Divine gift. So, too, all those who have been baptized are truly sons of God, until as prodigal children they quit their Father's house, which is His Church. Many there are who in ignor ance wage war against the Church of God, and yet so long as they are in good faith, they are our brothers, and their error shall not be imputed to them. It is not given to us to see their conscience, unveiled .as it is only before God. Hence it is that reason no less than Divine faith requires us to abstain from pro nouncing judgment on those around us. The fate even of the most violent persecutors of the faith is hidden from us. Of Judas alone it is revealed that he is numbered among the reprobate. We must justly condemn the turpitude and manifold crimes of Henry the Eight hand Luther and other fathers of the so-called Reformation ; we anathematize their errors and the ruin that they brought to innumer able souls. But we know not whether at the last moments of life their conscience may have been awakened to the sense of guilt. Perhaps the prayers of those whom they persecuted may have triumphed over their impiety, and obtained for them the grace of conversion. In dealing with those whose errors we condemn, the golden words of St. Augustine should be our. guide : ' Love the persons, destroy the errors ; be bold without pride in the maintenance of truth ; strive for the truth without harshness ; pray for those whom you rebuke and confound.' ARE THE CHURCH AND THE BIBLE IN OPPOSITION? Men would endeavour at times to set up the Bible as if it were in opposition to the authority of the Catholic Church. Such an opposition, how ever, is altogether illusory ; it is a mere art of Satan to beguile weak minds from the paths of Divine truth. The Church has at all times been the custodian of the Sacred Scriptures, preserving in corrupt their authentic text, guarding from every attack their Divine origin and inspiration, asserting their genuine interpretation, and commending their salutary use to the faithful. At the close of the 4th century Ave cee Pope St. Damascus availing of the services of the incomparable Doctor of the Church, St. Jerome, to secure an accurate translation of the Old and New Testaments from the original texts. A century later another Pontiff sets the seal of his authority upon the canon of the sacred books. And so from age to age down to the 'Vatican Council in 1870, and to the beautiful Encyclical of the present illustrious Pope Leo XIII., nothing has been left undone to preserve in corrupt to the faithful the pure streams of spiritual knowledge in the Sacred Scriptures. The Bible, however, is not the Divinely-appointed Rule of Faith, such as some of the modern heresies would assert. The truths of the faith were preached by the Apostles and countless souls were added to the fold of Christ before any of the inspired writings of the ?New Testament were penned. As years rolled on, the successors of the Apostles continued their mis sion, winning new nations to Christ. But, aQ St. Trenaeus writes, these triumphs of the Gospel were achieved, not by scattering the material texts of the Scriptures, but' by the living Word, that is, the authoritative teaching of TOiYine truth which was written on the hearts of the faithful. It was not the material Bible that was looked to for the lessons of Divine faith, but the living ministry of the Apostles and their successors, and it was as a les son of Divine faith, taught by the unerring autho rity of the Church, that the inspired text of itself was received. So manifest was this in the early ages that St. Augustine himself cries out : ' I would not receive the Gospels, were they not pro posed to me by the authority of the Church.' THE CHURCH AND THE MARCH OF CEN TURIES—ONE MISSION, ONE STAN DARD. We have seen the sublime mission assigned to the Church by its Divine founder. Someone may ask : has the Church proved itself conscious of its destiny, has it shown in the course of centuries that it realized the ever-abiding presence of the Holy GhoRt for which the Redeemer prayed, thus to impart to it its spiritual life, and guidance and enlightenment. Tne answer is not far to seek. Only a few years had passed after the triumphant Ascension of Our Saviour into Heaven, when in Jerusalem learned but contentious men arose who, eager for national glory, would endeavour to engraft Jewish observances upon the Christian Law. What course did the Apostles adopt? They assembled ic Jesusalum, and with all solemnity defined the teaching of revealed truth ; and when they would announce their decision they prefaced it with the solemn formula: 'It has seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us.' Such was the consciousness of the abiding presence of the Divine Spirit, the life 'and light and guide of Holy Church. When the ten General Persecutions had spent their fury, and peace was restored to the Church, Arius and his followers would seek to corrupt the Divine teaching as to the Divinity of Our Saviour. Following in the footsteps of the Apostles, the Pastors of the Church assembled at Nicea, and invoking the Holy Ghost, guided by Hia light and strengthened by His power they set the seal of Heaven upon the doctrine of the Faith. Another century rolls on. Nestorius with his partizans will assert a human as well as a Divine person in Christ, and will reject the Divine Maternity of the Blessed Virgin. Once more the successors of the Apostles, heir3 of their authority, meet in Plenary Council and enlightened by the Holy Ghost, anathematize the heresy that would then corrupt the traditions of the Church, andtte assembled Bishops proclaiming the Divine Maternity of the Mother of God gave joy to the Christian world. At Chalcedon the Fathers of the Church again assembled and so, from age to age, as heresies arose, and the spirit of error sought to corrupt the Faith, General Councils were held and the assembled Pastors under the guidance of the Holy Ghost condemned the heretical novelties and preserved the purity of revealed truth. Such was the consciousness of the ever-abiding presence of the Holy Ghost in the Catholic Church. In the 16th century, when countless heresies would set at nought the Apostlic authority ever living in the Church the Fathers assembled at Trent, and under the same guidance of the Spirit of God, they cast forth those heresies from the fold of Christ, and solemnly pro mulgated the lessons of Divine faith. It was under the invocation, and with the authority of the same Divine Spirit ever present in the Church, that in this 19th century we have seen t the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception of; the Blessed Virgin to receive the seal of Truth at the hands of the Vicar of Christ, and so also we have seen the Infallibility of the Succession of St. Peter and other consoling tenets of religion to be solemnly and triumphantly promulgated to the Catholic world in the Vatican Council. DOCTRINES WHICH ARE CALLED NEW. But, you will remark, it was not the Council of Nicea that introduced the doctrine of the Divinity of Our Saviour, nor was the Divine Maternity - f the Blessed Virgin a discovery of the Fathers of Ephesus, nor were the lessons of Catholic Faith de fined at Trent first heard of in those days, nor the teaching of the Immaculate Conception and of the Infallibility of the Sovereign Pontiff an inven tion of the Church in this 19th century. All these truths from the beginning formed part of the deposit of Divine Truth consigned by the Redeemer to His Church, and those definitions enacted by the Spirit of God from age to age only served to preserve to the faithful untainted and incorrupt the inheritance of the sacred truths with which the Redeemer had enriched His Church. AN ORGANIZATION FASHIONED AND GUIDED BY THE HAND OF CHRIST. It only remains that I would call your attention to the singular fact of the indestructible vitality of Holy Church amid all the assaults and vicissitudes to which she was exposed during those 19 centuries of her earthly life. We who believe the Church to be the work of God would reasonably expect to see her endowed with such vitality. An organiza tion fashioned by the hand of Christ and commis sioned to teach His Divine religion must of neces sity be endowed with a more than human power and must triumph over the changes and chances of time. But those who look upon the Church as the work of man, how will they explain her marvellous history, for all mere human organizations, in process of time, decay and fall by their own weight. Her perpetual victory is a mani fest truth of the Divine power that .sustains her, and her ever- enduring life is the more remark able when we consider the number, power, and energy of the enemies who were arrayed against her throughout the course of ages, even to the pre sent day. During the first three centuries 'The Christians to the lions' was the fiendish cry of pugan Rome ; and yet Rome's Imperial power, whose strength subdued the whole known world of those days, could not overcome nor destroy nor arrest the progress of the infant Church. WHY HERESY HAS BEEN POWERLESS. The assaults of heresy were even more persistent and more cruel than those of the swcrd. It was the aim of heresy to corrupt the faith and to banish its Divine light and life from the minds and the hearts of men. Already in the second century there were 32 sects of Gnostics besides various other heresies, and Tertullian even then remarked that all tho;e conflicting sects and ever-varying forms of heresy fought most bitterly among themselves, yet, like Herod and Pilate of old, they laid aside their differ ences and made common cause when there was question of assailing the Catholic Church. St. Augustine reckoned 88 heresies in his day, but added that he was far from enumerating them all. And so from, age to age every form pf error has combated against Divine faith. But the Church,, radiant with heavenly light, has come forth more resplendent from eveiy assault that was made against her, and all the efforts of heretics have only served to unmask more and more the corruption from which heresy has ever sprung. Bossuet wrote in his day : 'If Protestants only knew how their religion originated, with how many variations and with what inconsistency their confessions of faith were drawn up ; how they first broke off from us and then broke up among themselves ; by what sub tleties and circumlocutions and equivocations they sought to patch up their divisions and gather to gether their scattered members, they would be but little content with the Reformation in which they pride themselves, or rather they would view it with contempt.' THE CHURCH UNIVERSAL— ALL COUN TRIES, ALL CLIMES, ALL TONGUES. There was another difficulty to be overcome» So varied are the habits of thought of mankind, so conflicting the interests, the passions, the ambi tion of the scattered races, civilized and barbarian, that no mere human system of religion could be equal to the task to enlighten and correct, to con trol and sanctify them all. What contrasts do we not see between Jerusalem and Alexandria, between Greece and Rome r Can the Church be the mother, the refuge, the sanetifier, alike of Celts and Saxons, of Goths and Vandals, of Franks and Africans ? And yet the Church has been equal to the task. With the same lessons of faith and the same sacramental graces she brought the blessings of heavenly light and life to all. It was so in the 5th century when the countless hordes of barbarians rushed forth from their eastern forests to trample on the civilization of Europe. It was so in the 16th century when new continents were revealed to an astonished world. It is so at the present day. Men of all tribes and tongues are linked together in the belief of the same heavenly truths. In the ice bound North as in the Sunny South, in the remotest territories of the ancient Kingdoms of the East, and in the busy hives of commerce of the West she is still the same. She leads those who are enlightened into the inner sanctuary of the beauties of her teaching; she elevates the pure and holy to the noblest morality ; she unceasingly repeats the sweet words of the Redeemer : ' Come to me all ye who are weighed down with weariness and sorrows ; I will refresh you' ; she gathers the unlettered and the suffering; and the poor around her, untiringly she ministers to them, and comfort ing them with the glad tidings of Redemption and rnsrey, she lovingly breathes the prayer of thanks giving, ' I confess to Thee, 0 Father, that thou hast hHden these things from the wise and the prudent, and hast revealed them to the little ones.' MODERN THOUGHT AND MODERN CON SPIRACIES. I shall not dwell on the assaults which, especially in later centuries, have been made against the Church by those who would assume the name of scientists. Suffice it to say that science falsely so called has been vanquished by religion on every battlefield, whilst true genuine science has ever been found in harmony with revealed truth. True science gives a helping hand in unmasking error, and whilst rejoicing in the resplendent light of religion has never failed to add new lustre to the teachings of Holy Church. So, too, has it been when the flood of corruption would invade the sanctuary and threaten to submerge the world. Just like the material waves, this tide or immorality has ever found, written by the finger of God, the mysterious law, ' So far shalt thou come and no farther.' The flood of corruption has at all times been rolled back by the Divine power that guards the Church, and it is a singular fact that precisely at those times when in some countries moral corruption would prevail, in other regions heroic sanctity abounded. It would seem as if the gifts and graces rejected by some unfaithful souls would have been added to the heritage of blessed ness of those whoremained faithful. There is, however, one enemy whose overthrow by Holy Church I must not omit to mention. That enemy is Time, which asserts its mission to be to subdue all earthly po-vers ; the Church alone it has failed to conquer. It was a saying of the ancients that Time consumes all things, but all consuming, all- corroding as it is, it has left no traces of decay on the Catholic Church. In words with which you are all familiar. Lord Macaulay has sketched her triumph over this conqueror of all institutions and all organizations that are of earth earthly. LORD MA. CAUL AY'S WORDS. You will hold in mind that Lord Macaulay was no friend of the Catholic Church ; on the contrary, he on many occasions wrote bitter things against her. Nevertheless, considering her history in its human aspect and judging it solely in accordance with the data of reason, he pronounces her ever enduring life, her triumphant organization to tran scend all human facts : ' The history of the Roman Catholic Church (he writes) joins together the two great ages of human civilization. No other institu tion is left standing which carries the mind back tn the times when the smoke of sacrifice rose from the Pantheon, and when camelopards and tigers bounded in the Flavian amphitheatre. The proudest royal houses are but of yesterday, when compared with the line of the Supreme Pontiffs. That line we trace back in an unbroken series, from the Pope who crowned Napoleon in the 19th century, to the Pope who crowned Pepin in the 8th ; and far beyond the time of Pepin the august dynasty extends. The Republic of Venice came next in antiquity. But the Republic of Venice was modern when compared with the Papacy, and the Republic of Venice is gone, and the Papacy remains. The Papacy remains, not in decay, not a mere antique, but full of life and youthful vigour. The Catholic Church is still sending forth to the farthest ends of the world missionaries as zealous as those who landed in Kent with Augustine, and still confronting hostile Kings with the same spirit with which she confronted Attila. The number of her children is greater than in any former asrp She paw the commenemeent of all the governments and all the ecclesiastical establish ments that now exist in the world ; and we feel no assurance that she is not destined to see the end of them all. She was great and respected before the Saxon had set foot on Britain, before the Frank had passed the Rhine, when Grecian eloquence still flourished at Antioch, when idols were still worshipped in the Temple of Mecca. And she may still exist in undimished vigour when some traveller from New Zealand shall, in the midst of a vast solitude, take his stand on a broken arch of London Bridge to sketch the ruins of St. Paul's. Four times since the authority of the Church of Rome was established in Western Christendom has the human intellect risen up against her ! Twice . ? that Church remained completely victorious. Twice she came forth from the conflict bearing the marks of cruel wounds, but with the principle of life still strong within her. When we reflect on the tremendous assaults she has survived, we tind it difficult to conceive in what way she is to perish.' ALL THE OPPOSING FORCES SHATTERED AND SUNDERED. Such is the Church's glorious destiny, even when viewed in the imperfect light of the institutions of this world. We know by Divine faith that 'the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' Heresy and false science, the corruption of the world, and the pride of man shall ever be in league with Satan to combat against religion, but the Redeemer ever lives and reigns, and He shall continue so to govern terrene things and to control the passions of men, as to manifest His glory and His mercy in the triumphs of Holy Church. The voice of prophecy foretells that before the end shall come our erring brethren and those who have warred against the Clmrch shall be gathered into the one fold, and the :vords of Isaiah shall be fulfilled : ' Then shall the Gentiles walk in thy light, and the children of them that afflicted thee shall come bowing to thee, and all that slandered thee shall worship the steps of thy feet, and shall call thee the city of the Lord, the Scion of the Holy one of Israel.' May God in His mercy hasten this day of eternal triumph, and may His blessing be ever with us, 