ANTI-BIL(L)IOUB. Mn. M'GOWEN : No man in the community could stand up and say that the bill did not contain something to which he objected. Mr. M'Gowen : Since 1891 we had been getting better bills every time, and no less a man than Mr. Deakin recently urged the acceptance of this Constitution in Victoria, on the ground that a more liberal and democratis measure would be forced upon them if this were rejected. Mr. M'Gowen: It was now evident that Now South Wales was the keystone of this Constitution. There was no danger of the others federating without us. And yet this colony was the one which was expected to do all the trusting, and make all the sacrifices. Mr. M'Gowen: This was a bad bill (1) because Noiv South Wales paid more than any other State; (2) because she would lose the use of her rivers; and (3) because she would lose her trade. If she lost trade in the Riverina and on the northern borders, the first thing that would happen would be retrenchment in the railway service. Mr. Piddington: Viewing this great move ment, all the world over, which looked to the elevation of industry, lighter hours of labor, and more leisure for mental and moral improvement, it was not too much to say that it was in itself a cause which bore a charmed life against every form of death except suicide; and he believed that every working man in this or the smaller colonies who cast his vote for this bill was cutting the throat of the future of his class. Mr. Piddington: All the prospects of the industrial classes of Australia would be rolled back at least half a century by the erection of a form of government high up in the clouds, over which they could exercise no control whatever. Mr. Piddington : Personally, he was willing to accept Mr. Barton's proposition that this was a contest between provincialism and the nationality of Australia, but as an Australian born he said it was only necessary to examine the bill in the light of the most simple forecasts of reason, in the light of average human nature, and in the triple search-lights of other federations, tp prove that it was conceived in provincialism and brought forth in intercolonial jealousy. Mr. Piddington: Of course all people were more or less liable to mistakes. Aus tralia, however, was fa'rly well educated politically, and yet the crowning mistake of all had been made in this bill by turning it out so that it could not be altered. Was not this provincialism of the worst kind 4 Was it national that the sacred right of the people to alter its Constitution could only be exercised, if ever, at the will and with the consent of the sectional divisions of the continent. Mr. Hughes: After the referendum Mr. Reid brought down seven principles which he said he would insist upon. He took them to the Premiers' Secret Conference with the same declaration, and brought back what 4 A bill which Mr. Barton declared was structurally the same as that of last year, which Mr. M'Millan declared was a little worse than the old one, and which Mr, Want had resigned his position because he could not agree with or support it. MIr. Hughes: It was now a case of Reid against Reid himself. (Cheers.) No man ever was more damaged by his own ghosts rising up before him with the. spectacle of his own unutterable shame than this man. (Renewed cheers.) Last year he told the people they were called upon to make sacri fices which the people of no other colony were called upon to make, and he now sup ported this very bill. Last year he said the bill would entail a taxation of 34s per head extra per annum upon the people of this colony; then he brought his estimate down to 28s, but there was no alteration in that portion of the bill. Mr. Hughes : Mr. Barton said the bill was not structurally altered, and for his (Mr. Hughes') own part, he was of opinion with Mr. Barton, that there was no struc tural difference between this year's bill and last year's. If there was no structural difference, why should they vote for it when they did not vote for the other 1 Mr. Hughes: It must be remembered that the federation when once it came into existence would be indissoluble, and that the terms of it could not be altered. The deadlock clause last year was-called a fraud, and if it was a fraud then, it was now. If -there was any difference it was perhaps this, that it was not quite as big a fraud as before. Mr. Hughes: The deadlock provisions would only come into operation on the rarest occasions, becanse they would involve two dissolutions before they would be brought into action. (Loud applause.) The Upper House would dominate in the federa tion just as it did in this province; the federation would bring into operation the cursed system of machine politics which obtained in America. Mr. Hughes: It was admitted that federation would entail an expenditure of £350,000, and there was .only one way of bringing about prosperity-a change in the fiscal system. The federal tariff would not, however, be a protective one, it would be one which would tax the people for the sake of taxing them. Mr. E. M. Clarkc: His main objection to the bill was that it was a partnership which once entered upon could not be got rid of, and the deed of partnership did not contain good enough terms; the terms were not honest. We were all willing to give away a bit, but not to give away as much as we were asked to do. Mr. Clark: Less than twelve months ago he (Mr. Clark) was elected upon the con dition that he would follow Mr. Reid in his negotiations for federation rather than Mr. Barton. Now he told them thaton the very first opportunity he could get to punish Mi'r. Reid for the sins he had committed, for the treachery he had perpetrated upon the people of this colony, he would take it. He would give a vote against Mr. Reid. The Hen. J. H. Carrithers: If they made a mistake in regard to the bill they might regret it for a lifetime. . . Some people said that if this bill did not pass it would niever come again. But he did not go that far. He did not say this was the last opportunity. In many parts of Palestine grasshoppers still formn a favourita article of food. 