The Bishop of Newcastle. at Fullerton Cove. LBAYING THE FOUNIDATION STONE OF A CHURCH. Thoe people of Fullerton Cove, who.,sre nearly all adherents of-the English Church, assembled almost to a man yesterday sit ternoon to receive the Bishop of Newcestle (The RlghtvRdv: Dr. Stanton), who attend edi for the purpose of laying the foindntion stone of" new church. MIr. J.. T. Smith, a menlber fr:the buoildihg commlttee, onl others,m ot his. lordshilp, on- tho threshold of the town,: and accompnanlied him to tile church,. where a sipeclally organisoed clloir had assesnbled to.slng appropriato hysImts, Mls -Racheel Cox biliciating at. the organ. - The Bishop was accorded- a very hearty welcome, aRnd general regret woas expressoed tha the Rev. W. F: James, -the pastor, who had had to attend the funeral of the late Mr. James Roberts, of Carrington, was unabl to' be presen? on such ans ansplclous occasion.: . F ullerton Cove Is about cA miles -rom Stockton, on the road to Port Stephhens. Fora ibout four years' past the servics of the'Chutrch of Englad have been conduct ed insan old buildiog, knuwn as, the Sunday -School. - This became e ttirely itadequate for the growthl of thle church with tllo growth 'of lloplatlon. Some noi aths ago tbh larlsiloners declde'd to take stepso -to have a more suitable edifice, and the cere. mony of yesterday was the outcome of iheir efforts. The buildlng, which is to slet se voral hin'dred l!ounlds, is to he of wvmther bLoard, Ilied thtroughout rvith-phine. Ac cordingsto the design, and Judging by the numboer.of people present at the laying of the stone, it will soon be necessary for th church to-be enlargedd. It.isitoe he 40 feet lontg and 20 feet wide, with avcsopial termisation forining the chancel. The roof will be'supported by principala, dressed stnd" ehnlsfered wlhero seel. inside tile church, and-the coiling, will: bh lined iltu diagonal boardlPg up to tihe underslo of the ridge piece: There wvillilo a vestry.ad Joining the church. Messrs. Bevan and Sd?ns, of Stockton,tare the contractors, Aho -will carry on the .worki froms the designs, and undor'thd supervision of Messrs G,. Sand ders and Son, architects, of Newcastle. The BisIop explained at thi outset that they had assembled to dedicate te pro Posed building to tihe speeial service ot God. "Except.the- Lord build the house, their labour is but lost that build It; except dthe Lord: keep:the city, the watchman wnlteth but is vain;" RIs Lordsltlp then implosredt tho. blessing of God on the undsertailng. After. prayers and ihylnts, SMr. C: C. ean ders read a lesson from lst'Cor., Ill., -9 "We onrelabourers togetlier with God," &e.; The Bishop thenss placed the scroll int tile cavity, and said: "In the faith- of Christ.. and with prayer for tihe blessing of Cod. I lay:this'foundation- stone of a church, to be called the Church of St. John, Fullerton Cdve, in the name of thle Father, and of the"Sona;'-nnd of thle, HITly Ghost. Amten." His Lordtshllp'.then placed a clieque for ?810 o: t-the stone, and lit air the collection amounted- to. £82 10s: It is- expected that the'churceliwill be.opened free of debt, for lMrs. David Shearmanllpromlisoled to lend auy amolint' that :might: b~::required ~ without any charge fodr intdrest; : The Bishop. in tlio course -of a short ad dress, congratulated 'lth peoplt on their ef forts; ',He exlplained the aluse of absence of " the Rev. W. F, James, rector. He expressed osatisfaction thtat tho roughly-built school room, where sor iecesnhad been held, etould'" now be replaced by a suitable church.: Als- tralln;-he said, clnlmild to ndvance in ?very - department, and' thlierefore must advance in church architectulre, and in all the appli ances of religilbt. 1-e had sectn tle .pllnns. aold felt confident tllat under Mr..Santlers thie bullding:.would't be satisfactory. Mir.. Sanders was also erecting churches at Mer-. rlwa and Caesllls: Public builldings were educational : thelll appearance, If architec tural; raisedtlle putblie taste, and if used for religious worshllp naulsted religlols emlo tions, and Iluplred reverence ill the sor- lshippcrs. He concluded by hoping that.thle workth'\ould piroceed' prosperously, andl give thsem cause to reassemble at anll early -date. to complete that day's precedings, by le- dllcating the- erectedt sanctuary. Mr. Wm Dawson, tihe church isarden, iproposed a vote of thanks to the Bishop,. hleh was carrid withs acclamatlonor . ' Tite committee entertained his Lordshilp, and visitors at afternoon tea at- lte 'conl-. cltslon of thile ceremlony. 