"A Universe in Motion." SIR ROBERT BALL'S LECTURE. On Friday might, September 29, the first of a series of fire lectures announced to be delivered in Belfast, under the Gilchrist Educational Trust, was delivered in the Grosvtenor Hall. The lecturer was Sir Robert Ball, LL.D., D.S.O., F.C.S., and the title of the subject treated was "A Universe in . Mot l °The attendance was very large, close upon three thousand persons being present. The lecture was listened to with rapt attention, and the frequent applause testified. to its appreciation by the audience. The lecture was illustrated with the .limelight by a series of mechanical slides specially designed to exhibit the beauty and the complexity of the celestial movements. The chair was taken by the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor, who, in a few appropriate words, introduced the lecturer. Sir Robert Ball, who on rising to speak, met with a very cordial reception, then proceeded with his lecture. He said from the days of their childhood they had. of course, been taught that the earth went round the sun. Perhaps, however, they did not habitually realise all the consequences to which the doctrine led. There were doubtless among that audience some loving mothers, who, after their return home, would go to the little cot and feast their eyes fondly on the dear little cherub there so sweetly sleeping. Happy sigh, the peaceful room, the rosy limbs resting after one long day's delight, and preparing for the next; the little hand for once inactive, the dimpled cheek, the gettly heaving breast! Had not they there the ideal of rest and quiet ? But was the little sleeper indeed at rest? Yes, in one sense, no doubt, but not in another. His tender limbs might be> steeped in delicious repose, but let them watch those breathing lips and reflect, that each breath was drawn at a place ten miles distant from where the last breath was taken. In their wholesome beds they were really in a sleeping car, which ran over a million miles while they were taking a good night's rest. A picture of the South Equatorial Telescope at lhmkink Observatory, near Dublin, was thrown on the screen, and by a mechanical contrivance the slow ascent of the shutter opening the dome was illustrated, inaugurating the evening's study of the movements of the universe. The opening of the dome, said the distinguished lecturer, might be regarded as the withdrawal of the veil which hid the celestial glories from the curiosity of mortal man. The assiduous astronomer would never remain satisfied with merely gazing at a celestial object. Such questions as "How far is the planet Saturn? How big is his beautiful ring? would ever be on his lips. A telescopic view of the wonderful olanet showed how the diameter of its ring was measured. By touching an electric button a line sprang into view—this line was the finest and straightest procurable. It was indeed nothing less than the web of the spider suitably magnified ajnd illuminated. The line wtes moved by a screw, and by counting the number or turns of the screw the measurements were made. Forty turns of the screw carried the line from one edge of the planet to the other, and as each turn of the screw corresponded at the distance of Saturn to a distance of 4,000 miles, it was ascertained that diameter of the ring must not be less than 160,000 miles. Some drawings of the planet Jupiter were next displayed, and an illustration given of the method of ascertaining the relative speeds of the earth and the mighty planet. Milestones were marked round the track, each of the milestones being, however, one hundred million miles from the next. Startling the two bodies into motion, it was apparent that the dwellers on this earth were in fact moving between two atnd three" times as fast as they wonJd do if they dwelt on Jupiter. Thus was illustrated the important law that the further a planet was from the sun, the less was the speed at which that planet actually moved. By the time Jupiter had accomplished one complete revolution the earth had gone round twelve times. Kepler's beautiful discovery ot the movements of a planet round the sun. was; also 'illustrated by mechanical contrivances. It was shown that tne planet revolved around the sun m a curve known as ellipsis, but it did not always move at the same pace. While the planet was sweeping , round dose to the sun, its speed was mucn quicker thatn it was at any other part of the track. The speed was lowest when the planet was furthestaway from the sun. It was remarkable that a planet which was an extremely substantial body, and a comet which was^not much more substantial .than a ghost, should .each pursue «n orbit of-the same form. As the comet advBnced.it developed under the warn , rays of the sun. - Under thdirgewal influence the oomet put forth the tail whjch it had not the spirit to develop befope, and approaohingthe full ^OWB of peribehon it Woldcsi a tail many .mdhons qt pules long. ,, Aftera jow&ey; pf wteokoned thousands of yeam to pay the^sun ,a visit, ihe oomfet 'tirtght be*xpeoted to tarry a while when it got there, but the visit sometimes did not last more than a few hours before the comet started off again to retreat to. the space from whence it came. Under all circumstances when the tail of the comet was turned away from the sun, it declined in magnitude until at last the wanderer sank back 'into the mighty unknown from which it had only emerged for'such a brief adventure. At great observatories a diligent watch -was kept over the movements of the planets. The MOVEMENTS OF THE MOON contributed a notable chapter to an account of the universe in motion. Sir Robert- showed how the moon revolved round the jearth, ever accompanying the earth as it made its great annual revolution around the sun; then how the different eclipses were formed; and he illustrated the outbreak of the Corona. The moon took its origin frem the earth at ail excessively early period, and it had been receding ever since. It was still describing an orbit, gradually increasing in size. The lecturer illustrated the history of the moon as discovered by Professor G. N.Darwin, of Cambridge, showing how, as years rolled by, the moon had gradually increased its distance from the earth. A number of lunar photographs were thrown on the screen, an enlarged picture of a wonderful bit of lunar country in the majestic crater Copernicus, showing a splendid range of lunar Appenines, which Sir Robert saSd would invite quite as much exploration as the Alps in Europe. It would be of extraordinary interest to stroll over the basin of an ancient sea. They must know that the moon once possessed oceans of water; thoae oceans had gotoe, the last drop was dried up. Let them just think of the discoveries which a geologist would make if he were able to take a walk on the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean, and that, too, an Atlantic on the moon. The absence of air and water from the moon explained the weird ruggedness of lunar scenery. The cloud-capped towers, the gorgeous palaces, the solemn temples had, as the poet's immortal words told them, but a brief career on earth. It was chiefly the incessant action of air •and water that made them vanish like the baseless fabric of a visifon, and leave not a track behind. A solemn temple on the moon would remain for century after century without decay. There need be no glass in the windows, for there was neither wind nor rain to keep out. There need be no fireplace, for fuel could not burn without air. There need be no peal of bells, for the great bell of Moscow would be dumb itself on an airless globe. In that temple the largest choir would be mute, there the swell of the noblest organ would be inaudible. A remarkable photograph of phenomena showed the great crater Vesuvius in the act of shototinjr »CK>U>IUO ».* — - some of those fl'^hts of stones "wSch &0k/ renowned volcano occasionally liurts forth when it happens to be in a jfarticularly lively humour. This pictrfre led to a story of the deepest interest/ '.! (qi : A METEORITE. * - The lecturer said he held in hi^taM a little object that he looked on ereater interest than he could feeKjti A looking at the most costly gem. «elooked at it—should he confess that fact?—with more curiosity than if it had been a cameo engraved by the most consummate artfist of ancient or modern times. That piece of iron had had truly a wonderful history. It tumbled down out of the heavens. Not a day passed ,on which the earth did not receive some of these celestial visitors, who, when they came, came to stay. The genuine student of nature could never enter that wonderful room in the Natural History Museum at Kensington without a feeling of awe. There he beheld around him a host of these mysterious celestial visitants. Whatever might have been their history it was certain that each meteorite had been a wanderer compared with whom Ulysses himself was a quiet old stayer at home. They had seen how Vesuvius, in one of its convulsive throes, did occasionally shoot up stones with tremendous velodity. These stones ascended* as the photograph showed, to a prodigious elevation. There was, however, not the least doubt that after they had soared as high as their velocity would carry them they would tumble back to earth. In Jules Verne's fascinating voyage to the moon the members of the famous Gun Club determined to cast a colossal cannon which would be strong enough to project a missile upwards with an initial speed of seven mlleB a second. Such a missile would go up and up; the attraction of the earth would no doubt be ever reducing its speed, but would not he able to recall it. They were certainly not at present able to construct such a gun, and it was also probable that there was at present no volcano on the earth which was expelling stones from its .crater with a speejTso great as seven miles a second. They must, however, remember that the poor old earth was getting into a very decrepid state so -fa® as 1 her.- volcanoes were con- • cerned. The great- globe was cooling down: it had been cooling for many millions of years. The nume she cooled \- the more feeble did hervolcanoesbe- come. They must not judge what vol-. canoes were like in times past by the mere trifling outbreaks in these piping days of volcanic peace. In the coarse of ages it seemed to have happened occasionally that stones and pieces of iron and other volcanic products had been launched into space with a speed not less than seven miles a second. The missiles started as if they were about to embark on a never-ending voyage through the solitudes of space. The sun, however, took each such little body under its care, and guided it in an orbit just as carefully as if it had been a gigantic world freighted with living forms. At each revolution of the volcanic stone it must cross the track of the earth at the point from which the missile had been originally projected. Of course, it would not generally happen that the earth was then at that point. Their globe would be somewhere else, and so nothing happened. Millions of years might thus roll by during which the meteorite and the earth would have the good fortune to escape collision at the junction. The pitcher brought often to the well was, however, broken at last, and so in due time the supreme moment arrived when the earth and the meteor met at the crossing. The long wanderings of the little object were then over. They standing on the earth saw it coming down from the blue sky. and they said, "Lo a meteorite has fallen!" .ZSIF THE HEAVENS PHOTOGRAPHKP. If they were privileged to visit an observatory at night they would see an astronomer engaged at what was called a transit instrument. He watched the orbs of heaven moving onwards in their stately procession. The trained observer listened to the beating of the pendulum in the clock and set down to the fractional part of a second the precise moment at which this star passed ill succession each of those delicate lines. Sublime indeed was the spectacle which the universe reflects from the photographic plate. Gazing on these clustering myriads of radiant orbs, the question ever arose, what did it all mean ? It would be preposterous for them to suppose that that magnificent firmament had been studded with those matchless gems merely to provide a spectacle for their astonishment, and exercise for their intellect. He could never believe that the sidereal systems had been displayed ojn the vaults of heaven merely to' read to man a letter of his utter insignificance, however edifying that might be, or merely to call forth those reverent and solemn feelings which so magnificent a spectacle could hardly fail to waken. Of one thing, however, they might feel certain. Vast as was this earth, and as innumerable as was its inhabitants, interesting as might be the of mankind, and astonishing as man's material and intellectual ' .might. __ achievements they were, they must be esserj respect immeasurably trans- .Qfended by the activities on other Bpher^Jin that sublime celestial emirej; Would they have the proof of that ^tomriHng statement? Then he would j^^frJ not ^ j, e might do in the dry ta%«® proposition in logic, not as he do in the cold austerity of a ma- ^J^natical formula—he would give it in e exquisite words of England's greatest Laureate, who had written— This truth within thy mind rehearse, That in a "boundless universe Is boundless better, boundless worse. Think you tHis mould of hopes and fears Could find no statlier than its peers In yonder hundred million spheres? (Applause.) At the close of the lecture Professor Whitelaw proposed a vote of thanks to Sir Robert Ball, and. in doing so, commented on the attendance there that night, which he described as the largest that had ev'er been addressed by a scientific lecturer in Belfast. (Hear, hear.) He thought he voiced the feelings of all present when he said they never listened to a more brilliant and fascinating lecture than the one they had heard that night. (Apnlause.) They were all very grateful to Sir Robert- Ball, and, as Irishmen, they had always been proud of him. (Applause.) Mr. Alex. Taylor, T.C., seconded the vole of thanks, which was put by the chairman, and passed with acclamation. "Oom" Paul can speak English fluently, but under no circumstances will he carry on a conversation in that- language. This procedure when in conference with British officials gives him an opportunity to collect his thonghts before replying. He is ail inveterate smoker and coffee drinker, and is hardly ever seen, at Home without a long pipe in his mouth. At his side is a large cuspidor, which he uses freely. The motto of President Kruger for years has been Patrick Henry's memorable utterance,, "Give me liberty, or give me dea%" This sentence, translated into the Boer language, hangs handsomely framed m his parlour. A true-bred merchant is the best gentleman in the nation; in knowledge, m manners and judgment:, he' >outdoes oianv of the nobility. • v.-: 