St. Andrew's Cathedral. At the evening service in S t. Andrew's Cathe- dral, Sydney, on New Year's Day, the Archbishop preached to a specially large congregation, basing his sermon on St. Luke 2, 21, etc. ; and Zechariah 6, ll. His Grace remarked that Sunday:: was the Church's commemoration of tho name-day of tho Saviour, who had been for many generations looked for: and longed for by God's people, Israel. Tho whole .ot their beautiful musical. service in the cathedral, with the carols they would presently sing, was meant to express loyalty to their King, the Christ whom God had sent upon His Holy Hill, and who was in the highest sense of tho term the temple builder. There were many prob- lems and difficult questions confronting those who had the governing of the" world in the present, day, \- but in'Christ; Jesus'thej Kihg^ was the solution and the only true solution ¿'of thèse perplexing quos' tions. .. In Christ they found comprehensive toler- ance,, and they had the catholicity.'of the Gospel and of* the Catholic.; Church Jn 'the truest and: best sense pf tho term. : : Ho. did not use the word ca- tholic in the sense of being attached to any par- ticular Christian "community, but in the sense of universal truth that there was salvation" for all'men'who would trust in Christ. If they wan- ted true philánthropy" which was worldwide and altruistic they would'find it In Christ and His teaching: Christ .was concerned with* the history of" the-" world, and with the hope of the Church. Churches might, be, and were, imperfect, but in the name of Christ, and amongst those who be lieved in his name, justice and mercy and truth must triumph.. With Christ upon the throne, and recognised and really believed in, there would be np disobedience, and no sin. -Christ' was the one infallible priest» ¿he, ona supreme King. They wanted no caricature ot theocracy ot Christ, such ,.as>tfeeyr-found in 'the Papacy, ; but they, wanted Christ Himself-"the Priest who lives, and the King who loves." Ho was Himself thc true cornerstone and foundation, and He, the one mas- ter builder of that spiritual temple, of which the Apostle häd said that those who came Into it were no more strangers and foreigners,, but fellow-citi- zens and saints of God, ''Jesus Christ" Himself be- ing .the chief cornerstone." ?> Holiness was tc be found in thia Priest-King, their Christ. It was a kingdom not merely of external progress, but ¡ was within men, and meant righteousness and peace and Joy in the Holy Ghost. There was for- giveness for the penitent siner. This. Christ was no proud, far-off King, no unsympathetic»'bigoted j- priest, but á Christ who cared for each of His peo- ple, arid lost sight of none". Amidst the-perplexi ties of history, the divisions of Christendom, the difficulties of the individual, for everyone- there was the one remedy and the one hope-Christ Jesu. Looking td Him they were abie to . run with patience the race set before them. .j . "If we suffer with Him we shall be glorified. together." He would appeal to them at the commencemen t .of the New Year to serve thia Christ, and to adore Him, and to find in Him a consolation and a hope of which nothing could deprive them. "?' At the conclusion of tho service a number of carols were admirably rendered, and included "Wake AU Music's Magic Power," "Far Away," "We Three Kings," "Christ, was Born on. Christ- mas Day," "Nowell," "'Twas In the Days when Caesar Ruled." "Child Divine." and "Lo. the Darkness Deepens." The whole of the large con- gregation remained to the close, the arrangements of the precentor (the Rev. P. J. Simpson), and the service of Mr. Younger, who presided at the or- gan, and of the choir, being thoroughly appreci- ated. Dean Farrar presided recently at Canterbury at a.'crowded public meeting addressed by Mrs-. Bramwell Booth, and he designated the Salva- tion Army's social, -rescue, and relief enterprises as "a very great and valuable national and Chris- tian work." He also spoke generally of the "magnificent Christ-like work which is being done by God's servants in many denominations," and "referring to his own attendance at meetings such as Mrs. Booth's, which had subjected him to much adverse criticism, and might do so again, ho said that In matters of this kind he only consulted his own conscience. Tho Church of England is doing a great and noble work; but there' la ample need and room for all Christian workpra, and for his part he then, and always would, ßod> helping him, hold out the right hand of follow* ship to, and wish God's blesslue UDOa. tfcQ33( 'jp*sest Uk tfea .work of God, - ..' jfer: 