kt izx nvmm habdy, : jGSfiBSr©^ CBJ^TlatXlX. footfall that wvir attbe' [ oobiv Zofia^ tiiwill-»tarred interview,. Her" face brightened a«- she meeted, herfiov«r, "wfip wasstanding,fall, dM^ and erect, &l; a discreet distance from [ thteother visitor,and qmiklycamefomanl to met her, thus interposing himself be-' [ Wear Her andCleo, to gtee tfid latter tone to collect and compose herself—a precau tion that woe, however, little needed, first, bemuse Cleo vrae a weU-practfeed actress, Secondly, because Lilian at the moment of' meeting, though they had only been apart for two days,, had eyea only for him. A soft, half-shy smile dimpled about her lips as* her hand rented lingeringly in his—in his that but a minute ago had strained that other woman's ht&d; in a grip that was al most fierce! "You have not' been introduced, I sup pose?" Lilian said, glancing from him to Cleo, in whose manner as she stood at case, with one hand on an open book on the table, there was no betraying or suspicious i rign, "1 have not yet presented my credentials to tliis lady," he replied; and.nis voice was firm and, hard; a cold, half-mocking smile, curved- his lips. ■ ''"Then let ine inti-odiice you to Mrs. Free man—Mr. Hazard." A faint flush warmed her cheek as she uttered his name. Hazard bowed low. Cleo acknowledged the intro duction formally, but graciously. "The widow, J believe, of my late regret ted friend Anthony Fleming?" Hazard ob served. Jt occurred to Lilian that there was a little failing in his usual discretion (she Would not have allowed herself to think him guilty of an indelicacy) in thus dragging in. any allusion to that unlucky name at the first moment of introduction. Jt was-indeed in the sheer bravado of car rying off a desperate position that he spoke. Cleo held her head high and met his gaze steadily, with something that was almost a challenge in her own. "Indeed V I wa« not aware that Mr. Ha zard" (with a slight emphasis impercep tible to any ear but his on the name) "Was acquainted with my husband?" "Oli, yes, We met, and chummed years ago", out in Denver." "In Denver? Ah?" Sire smiled; her smile had a tinge of mockery that seemed to meet and defy his. "That would be before your day, would it not?" put in Lilian, with the inrtoceiit in tent of smoothing matters and turning the subject. She was unsuspicious as a child of the uiider-eurrents of significance in tlmir words, "yet vaguely conscious of some thing invisible, impalpable, tmdefinable, some magnetic disturbance in the atmosphere, i which, however, she set down as the natu | raluffeet. of the widow's sensitiveness beina, ruffled or wounded by Philip's abrupt and, ,as even she could not but 'think, ill-timed •fillusiofj*tq her utifOrtunalc husband. •"Yes, that was before my day," Cle.o" as sented slowly. Lilian s.trovc to smooth the position and oil the wheels of conversation, Which seemed to rrfn some what stiffly, hy weU-meant commonplace. We talk ungrate fully and lightly of "commonplace, but we are none of us half grateful enough for the boon of its help in getting us over thin places in the ice. ('leo seconded her hos tess vivaciously, and soon Mrs. Vaughn 11 cnnie in, kind and gracious to (.'loo (she was always kind and gracious to every one un less she had some especial reason for being the reverse), arid quite affectionate to Ha zard, whom she now addressed, with an in timacy that marked his acceptance a.s one of the family, as "Philip." airs. Freeman was certainly an acquisition at the dinner table; she was good to look at and had plenty to say; she was full of amusing and discreetly chosen reminiscences. AYlantie anecdotes and gossip of the Riviera, even now and then audaciously throwing in an allusion to Denver ('ity or t'liiengo—allu sions which Hazard, as if answering a tacit challenge, Was ready to take up, to catch and throw back the ball; for he had now settled himself squarely if? the new posi tion, and Was daringly, almost defiantly sol f-possessed. C'leo was well accustomed to the trans formation scenes of life, but even to her | the situation seemed scarcely credible; she ! was hardly sine it was not all a wild dream, and every now and then she felt an i insane inclination to break out into violent laughter, as she"watched the man who now j called himself Philip Hazard, in his new j character, so trustfully received into the bosom of this quiet unsophisticated English ' family, as the betrothed husband of the fairest flower of the home. Iter amazement, and ironical amusement at the position were, however, po admirably disguised that even he wondered ha 1 (-ad miringly ,al her sang- froid. This woman oonld keep his secret safe if she would. ('oukl—but would she? She should—she must! She had bet price, he was sure of that, and whatever it might he, it must he paid. The Yaughans were talking about a drive to Charlton next, day, to pay some calls, and when the ladies" had retired to the drawing-room after dinner. Hazard look the opportunity of asking the Major about a 'somewhat rare historical work, and pulled out pockcl-l?0|ok and pencil to enter date of publication, publisher's name, &c.; During the evening, whilst looking over a portfolio of engravings, he found a chance of slipping a tiny scrap of paper into Clee,'s hand unpereeived. On it had been scrib bled—"Must see you aJo,ne. Wlien ana where? Can you make some excuse for staying at home to-morrow afternoon?" The passing of the slip of paper from hand to hand had been easy enough, albeit under the very eyes of the unsuspecting family party, and Oleo found no difficulty in gliding an answering whisper equally safely into his ear, in the moment that she bent towards him as if to offer her help to close the heavy portfolio, She was hot tire woman tot change colour, or look Conscious, or bfclr&y; by the expression of her face the words her lips werfe framing, as with smiling ease and apparent non chalance she dropped a. few syllables under her breathy Aftu so the tryst was made be- ■ fore TjUian's face, without the ghost of a suspicion dawning in her mind. , When the hour came for Hazard to take -hi" leave afld go bis way, his fiancee went with him,as far as the hall door, a pro ceeding which by this time bad become u recognised habit and custom; indeed, 4Tt tUS" simple homely family at Sunnyside, it had generally devolved upon Lilian to see visitors out, though nowadays she was uni versally besought "not to trouble" to do anything that could he a trouble to her. But it was no trouble tn see the last of Hazard at the door, and often it happened ■ ;tmrnm jw/ iigu rww 1 *tsdy,whe* theSCajor was safely out-of it, * Mtbell ,. think of ,her?', ^aa : LiBan'sfirstquestion when tete-a-tete with v^.>;••;-.> /^Thint df'lerf * a careless air intended to convey that, lie had not thought enough to form-or express - any opinion. "' • "'■ "• '/ fo prettjf, iaa't -she?" said lalian. • '■fffli?! Yes, passafcte Jdolonni ■'well; iPresejfveo/' His eyesrested tin LiilianV pure, Sweet face, more beautiful tlian ever now/with tb& love light on it, glorified by . that soul radiance "that never was on land «sc sea." "You can afford to admire other women,myjgjrW' he added. ' "Why?" she asked) for the moment inno cently uncomprehending: then she read his meaning in his eyes, and smiled, glad with an ever fresh gladness that those eyes found her fair. \- He smoothed the hair hack from her brow, arfd framed liter face between liis hands. She little dreamt that he seemed to himself to be looking at her across a gulf! "Darling!" he said, and •there was more of sombre passion than tenderness in his deepened tone, "you're the worid's one wo man to mel" They* lingered over their good-night as lovers am won't to linger. .It was always hard to part, if but for a few hours; but how he hated to leave her now, under the so≠ roof with the woman of whom he could only think as "Cleo Hila ry," not as Freeman's widow! It was like leaving his white lamb in the fold with a hidden woif. True, Cleo might bear her no ill-will, but she had at in Ilea- power to strike a deadly blow. He neiieveu «e nngin trust her to hold her hand, to keep peace and alienee. Yet he hated the thought of leaving, those two together in the shelter of the name home. He" could not hear to re lease his dailing from his arms to press the final good-night kiss on the lijw on which his caresses left a smile as soft, as the dream of a summer dawn; and yet the trustful gaze of the happy, leve-lit eyes was hard to meet! V Lilian was happy, and did not dream of the storm in her lover's heart. She read in his every look and. word the story of his love. Indeed, Ijiat story was plain to read; hut she did not read wbM> was written between the linos, and that was well for her peace this night! j While she was lapped in a moonlight trance of happiness, he was consumed as by a fir A He knew no peace or rest either with her or without her. The serpents of fore boding and misgiving that had sometimes been lulled to sleep were a'walcc, and writh ed and stung in his souT. What if Fate ' should snatch her from his arms? If by a ! destiny crueller than death she should tpar herself away from Win? If he lived to see her shrink, recoil.from him? No! that he I would not sec! No matter at what cost, he j would hold her lib —his to the last of life! ] The next day his scheme for obtaining a i private interview with (fleo worked, out safely and satisfactorily. Oeo felt her coJd worse, and excused herself from accompa nying the family party on their long drive. Hazard, calling at Sunnyside shortly 'after they had started, expressed regret at miss ing fhdm; lie had Jioped to be in time to catch them "before they went otft, his watch Jnu-t have been shiw—yo«. he would come in for a few minutes, and he found Mrs.. Freeman in the drawing-room ready and willing to receive him. The opportunity was not to he wa«ted, however much he rebelled against the com pulsory confidence into which a perverse fate had driven him. There was no help for if, lie must, awl did then -and there, confide to (.'Jen the, full explanation of the circumstances which had led him to take up the startling porif/orr in which their un expected meeting had 'revealed him — and conceal from Iter, if possible, the deep and bitter reluctance with which he felt him self thus forced into trusting her with his secrets. ''It's the wildest, maddest, most despe rate game the mind of mortal man could conceive!'" she said when she hid hoard ail his story. "And I believe there's not a man but you would dare to undertake it!" .A strange smile hovered about her lijw, and tlrefc Was no mistaking the look in her eyes,, dilated with admiration—if indeed there tvas nothing warmer than mere admi ration in the gleam that kindled in their curious ruddy brown depths—as site added, "You stand committed to it now!" "And I'll carry it through," he rejoined, "I've burnt my ships behind me! And you — you're safe, aren't, you, t.'leo? You can keep a secret?"' "This is a desperate secret to keep," she said slowly, her eyes, still fastened on his face. "But you will keep it? You dan, if any woman can." "Ah, you remember me well enough to know that?" "Yes,,of course, J remember." lie strove not to accept the suggested reminiscence with too ill a grace. "I know you can he safe and silent if you will." "And you're sure I will?" "Don't play with mc, C'Ico!" His face darkened, torn! a flush of deep and hardly held-in anger and impatience rose to his eheek. "I know a word of yours eonld give the whole thing away," he added, com manding himself by sheer force to a more conciliatory tone. "But you weren't the one, in the olti days, to play t.li'at game. And now — it's worth your while"—the words almost stuck in his throat. "Tb it?" she questioned. "Yes," he answered shortly and sternly, "it is. Do yon think I'm one to ask yon to he ih this without playing the game fair —without making it worth your while?" blic flushed too, now. "And what's your price?" she asked. "What yours?" he asked with a keen look. "There's time enough to talk of that be tween old friends," she said, and a subtle, insidious softness crept into, her Voice. '"You know well enough, if you haven't forgotten those old days you speak of, that you're in no danger from rneT Am t likely to bg your enemy? T'' " —but yon hadn' forgotten you. and find something better to talk about than prices and bargains? It wasn't, our Way to waste-much time on audi business in those old days. You could trust me then—and don't you- know that you tan tntef the now?" _ . Hafeard—as wfe will call him stills-stood stern and silent. It dawned upon kiln What manner of price it might be that Cleo would set upon her silence. He must not/ dared not; tell her jt was one he could trot and would not pay. Frahkness and jwaJh-speaking of the Uuth to her •would be fatal to bitn. What woman would bear it and forgive? He must resist the impulse to trathpffe roughly ahd ruthlessly upon her roclitiatron to're ndu iscetrces Of that past which kite seemed bhnt on recalImg,tlH>t#h his mnl rose in ■revolt agajast the memory, She mwt bail dream how helbathed the contemplation, of the - days towards which she' dragged v backlria reluctant- thoughts, He must KamMtwelf & eSnd^rstifte the words ton his 'Ifps fhat,tafgfii^ mortal offence ifj^Jaer,wfioeould^Hsnsf tad destroy his. Heyfiius tnottvdelyrebuS her advances, Ut.ie eould -aot . iorce himself at1 this ; moment :fc$ • dtoda«?«;d#uttt: jne«ly tw«s them by.as Huaeowprehanding, Tbig half-suHen- nnreiponsiveness wouK^ fiot ahd. did not aeem bo strange to fcer in him, whose temper she badknown bo well of. old. (He endeavoured, "not «»Bueeess tfully, to turn the dowreirmtioh from the past to the present state lot things, regard ing things insistently in a practical rather .than in, a sentimental or reminiscent as pect.. He led her to tell him exactly her position in Hie matter. "Why didn't yoii have him confide his whole story to you?" he asked. "You might have indulged them in pathetic re miniscences of the late lamented. -The des criptions of Ins escape and his experiences would have been interesting. His lack of marital confidence was uncomplimentary to you," he observed with harsh and bitter, almost savage, mockery. 1 "i thought ignorance, ah things con sidered, was a uetter—a safer line;" she answered, with a shade of significance; -He sl>ot a pierciDg, searching glance at her. "You think so still?" "Yes, for the present; but I have an eye to possible future developments," she re plied, meeting his look steadily. "You mean you were contemplating hold ing that in reserve as a mine to spring on— them?" He could not force his lips to say "<m her," still less "on us." "Well, I thought /t weJI to have a trump card—and ace—in hand." "Or up your sleeve," he rejoined with curling lip . But you will not play it— ow?" . "That depends on you," a curious smile playing, flickering, about her lips. "You are not clianged a bit, he said after a pause, with a half-smile that just -curved his mouth but did not rise to soften his gloomy eyes. , I "J can't say as much to you," she re- ! toiled. "The beard makes a great diffe- j reiice, and then you're a good deal blacker and browner. Your hair used to be quite j a bright brown. Is the darkening all natu- | ral?" she added with a sharp half-laughing look. "Even your eyes seem blacker—till one looks dose into them," with a daring § lance into the eyes that indeed looked ark under the dark brows, though Geo knew, as well as Lilian did, that they were of a changeful hue that shaded between hazel and grey. "I think I'd better be going now," be said presently. "I must not stay too long, you know; it wouldn't do to be supposed to find your society too fascinating," ironi cally. "is the fair lady of a jealous turn?" she rejoined mockingly. "YYe needn't talk of her," he said shortly a sudden frown coming over his face. Geo's brow darkened too; a fiery gleam flickered ominously in her eyes. lie in terpreted the danger-signal aright., If her lips had uttered the words—"Am I not good enough to talk of her, then?" he could not have rend her meaning more clearly. With an effort lie controlled his impulse of wrath. "We've plenty else to talk about, haven't we, and little time or opportunity?" he added abrujitly, striving to force a tone of regret, not. too successfully; "but we'll be seeing each other again soon, T dare say, and now we understand each other." He got. away as soon as be could. ITe could not, would not. linger till Lilian re turned, meet her under Cleo's eyes. Once safely outside the door he fairly ground his teeth with rage, and a look came over his face that boded ill to the. one who called it there. Something stirred now in the long cold-and-dead white ashes of what had at best been a rnei'p flicker of passing pas sion: hut that, which crept living amongst the dead white dust this day was a lurid flicker ready to leap to red flame of hate. A living lie as he was, carrying on cvyrv daytind hour a. cruel and unscrupulous fraud, he yet, with strange inconsistency felt the bitterest- resentment, .against the woman who forced him to piny it part yet more false. For in bis heart, one thing at least was true—in that, weed-eboken field Micro blossomed one poor little flower of faith. Must even that, be tramnled down? The one shrine he held sacred be profaned? ITe found it all smooth sailing when be camp again that evening to Sunnyride. His expressions of regret, at having called too late that afternoon, his explanations of his mistake in the hour, we fa unsuspiciously accepted, lie said openly that he had* come in for a few minutes and seen Mrs. Freeman, and the family had no idea how those few initiates had extended them selves. Lilian's very innocence made him hate himself all the more for hi? successful sub terfuge, and in his heart resent it the more deeply, and unjustly, upon the woman through whom it was forced ujmii him, though, indeed, hy no will of hers. Khc had not sought him: she had come to May field ignorant, of his presence* there. it was not her fault, only that an evil destiny bad thrown her across his path! 