[By The Vagrant.] On Tuesday the racehorse Platinum fell on the ?Randwiok road and knocked himself about conaider ? al)ly. The next race meeting of the 'Warialda Racing ?Club, of which on old Maitlander (Mr. W. B. ?Geddee) ia hon. secretary, will be held on April 19 and 20. Hopscotch may not make the trip for the V.R.C. meeting, for ho has been nominated for the Stewards' Plate, to be run nt Rindwick on the same ??day as is the Newmarket at Flemington. ThUB early haB the Australian Jockey Club been compelled to prune the list of bookmakers, book makers1 clerkB, etc., for violating tbeir ^ru'03. Twenty-nine clerkB have been struck off, sixteen bookmakers (includingthree of Tattersoll'sClub),six trainers, and nine jockeys. At the annual race meeting of the Walcha Picnic Race Club on the 16th iDst., D. St. Clair rode tho winners of the Maiden Plate, the Trial -Stakes, the handicap for ponies and galloways, tbe Bracelet, the Grass-fed Flatter, and was Becond in the Europambela Handicap, which, it must be ? confessed, was a remarkable afternoon's work in the saddle. Norton rode second to St. Clair in thra-i events. The St. Albans horse Majestic appears to be a very unlucky animal. As a ttfro-year-old the son of . Trenton won two races, but as a three-year-old, with 6at. 121b. in tbe saddle, could not talio the Williamstowa Cup. He has riot been successful Bince, but now generally receives over 9at., so that he has to suffer for his consistent form. In the VVoodcliffe Handicap at Caulfleld on Saturday he had 9it 61b up, got intj a scrimmage, waB knocked last at a critical stage of the race, aud then finished second, but ia any circumstances he may not have won. Some well minded ladies and gent'emen starled a Social Improvement Society for the boys in a sporting suburb, in which were a number of racing atables. Approved booke and parlour games were duly provided, and one eveniug the local enrate, entering just as one of the lads closed his book aud rose from bis seat, said, ' Well, my boy,- what have you been reading.1 ' Amlet,' catne the terse reply. ? Ah, Shakespeare's masterpiece, the stupendous creation of an incomparable genius ! Now let me teat your memory. Where waa Hamlet when he saw his father's ghost ?' ' Yer lick me there,' said the boy, scratching his head, ' bvt il's enny odds 'e wbb goin' to a Bcrappin' match earlier in the evenin', 'cob don't yer mind 'e ask'ed th' other bloke if 'e was goin' to 'old tber watch V The following abont Sir Henry Hawkins, who is known in England as ' the hanging judge,' and who is a member of tbe Jockey Club and a constant attendant at race meetings, is not half bad : — On one occasion at Newmarket, Lord Falmouth was running two horses in the Bame race. His colours were magpie, and it was determined by way. of distinction to run the second horse in black colours. The iockev was ready, but minus a cap. At tbat moment the venerable judge was seen comim; out of tbe birdcage. 'We are all right now,' said Fordham. ' Here's Harry Hawkins ; he is sure t » ' have a black cap in his pocket.' On another occasion HawkinB, who was clean shaven with a hard, stern expression, waa travelling homewards by rail from a race meeting when there entered two rough-looking London magsmen into the carriage where the judge wbb sitting alone. The train ( started and the conduct of the intruders became so threatening tbat Hawkins, wishing to deter them 1 from violence said ' Do you fellows know who I am ?' One of the men looked at the judge a moment, changed colour, and exclaimed 'Bli'ine, Bill, if it ain't a blonmen prize fighter !' and they hurriedly left Hawkins alone in Us glory at the next station. Saturday's iBBne contained a paragraph about Touchstone, and I am much mistaken if fuither reference to the Bon of Camel and Banter, who ia one of the greatest pillars of tbe S^ud Book, will not prove interesting, particularly a? I lay ' The Druid' under tribute for the details. MaBter Henry (who was by Orville — Miss Sophia), the sire of Touchstone's dam, was embalmed in Sam Day's memory as being one of his favourite platers, and especially great in mud. John Scott, the famous trainer, had never seen Touchstone till the Liver pool St. Leger, when the brown made his own running, and was beaten by General Chaase. The colt was then as fat as a bull, bnt Btill Birdlime and Inheritor, who had juat beaten Physician, at 321b for the two years, in the Cup, were behind him, and this e&couraeed; Scott to tell Lords Derby and Wilton that he could win the St. Leger if he had him. The new partnership began uuauspiciously, as Touchstone was put in the churge of a drunken groom to walk to Yorkshire, and got loose on the Lancashire moors for hours, where a sailor caughc him and took him to Sheffield. After Buch neglect he arrived at Malton in a painfully weak state, and a course of Peruvian bark had to by resorted to before they dared to work him. What with this and his .jaundice John Scott seldom -had a horse which required so much doctoring. A record of tha calomel and other drugs which he swallowed would form a portion of Whitehall history as remark able as the recovery of its Prince Lewellyn, who answered to tho old ale and port and won two races after be had been . covered up in the stall as dead, ond his grave had been dug in the paddock. Touchstone bad his final polish at Hambleton, and as Bill Scott decided after the trial to ride Lady le Gros, Darling was applied to for , Touchstone. However, Lord Sligo had heen beforehand, and Sam weighed for Bran, and long afterwards declared that Touchstone stopped to him at the finish, while Bob Johnson 'dodgfed backwards and forwards on Cliasso, before ue and between us, all over the course.' Still Camel's son won the red riband, and although ho failed ocoa sionolly he was in grent form ob a five-year-old at Ascot. HiB near fore-ankle was never very good, and even in his first Ascot Cup race it had almost risen to tho dignity of ' a . leg.' Its chance of riBing . to it was furthered by the wild notioDs of tho man iu charge, who per sisted iu doctoring it during John Scott's absence with hot oils instead of coding lotion. Although handicapped thus Touchstone whb successful, and John Scott could not resist the temptation after wards of sending his complimentB t-o the Eceptical 1 Joe Rogers, who had expressed a determination to eat tha horse if ho wen, and nsking how he Bhould like him cooked. Touchstone was a peculiar horse' in^every way. He had very fleshy legs, and turned his hoclts out so much, and went so wide behind that a barrel could havj been got between his legs when he was galloping. Hi? went with a straight knee, and in short he was nearly tho oddest goor that even cleared its pipes on Langdon Wold. He waa desperately lazy at exercise and could hardly be kicked olong on most days'. As a beginner he did not excel, but had fine spoed and no horae pulled harder, if ho wne at all stalo it would never do to squeeze him, ss he would swerve to the loft like a Bhot. Ho just lived into hiB thirty-first ?year, and although that wondrouB hind action in his walk rather failed him end he was quite wasted over the back and loins ho could wave his flag and ( j march very proudly round his courtyard at Eaton, '/j. . His feet were takeu'off with the greater pait of his mane and tail, and hiB remains wero buried iu the ? middle of the Btablo-yord. Among his earlier stock may be mentioned Surplice, tho beautiful Orlando, the brothers Newminster and Nunnykirk, Cother stone, Assault, Juliet (who gave us Sylvia, dam of the never to bo forgotten GoldBbrough), Lugar, ? Platcatcber, Cinizelli, etc., nnd his aiBter Pasquin ade was creat grand-dam of old Gibraltar. In fact the majority of our greit horses have a strain or two of Touchstone in them. Mr. A. E. Anderson, of Currfl Creek, Wellington, has purchased the blcod horse Pharumond for Btud purposes. The racehorse Impulse fractured a fetlock while exercising at Elleralie (N.Z.) recently, and was destroyed. He won the New Zealand Cup and other races. Trenton's list of 80 mares lias filled for this Benson at 100 guineas. This means £3,000 a year to the leasees. What a bargain Trenton was at 3,500 guineas ! Maluba, though ho did not start in tlie Hurdle Race at Canterbury Park on Saturday last, was not scratched, and for neglect in that respect a fine of £5 rr aB imposed on the. ownei, Mrs. J. Pearce. The American's are well represented in England by G illotiu, who won the Maiden Hurdle Race at Kempton Park in January, and a race on the flat; the next week. Gallotin is by St. Blaise, the Eng lish Derby winner of 1883. A remarkable thing about the horses that ran in the Second Futurity Stakes on Saturday was that the name of Wilson ras associated with all, excepting Locksmith. Bobadil and Revenue belong to W. R. Wilson, Wait-a-bit to W. and C. Wilson, and J. Wilson trains Lee-Metford and Alix. Word has been received by Messrs. KrcrouBe and Madden from India, that Messmate, by Gozo, a well-known racer in Sydney a year or two back, has won the Governoi's Cap at. Madras. Messmate wbb sent to India by Messrs. KrcrouBe and Madden. They also shipped Redoubt and the ponies Ocean, Peggy, and Miss Alico, which were likewise suc cessful at the Madras meeting. The proposal to bold a complimentary race meeting to celebrate the golden jubilee of Mr. Charles Baldwin's arrival in the Manilla district was not long in assuming substantial shape, for it bos been decided that the reunion shall be held on the private coarse nt Durham Conrt, when over JB200 will be distributed in prize money. The officials of Tamworth Jockey Club (of which Mr. Baldwin has long been President) will lend their countenance and support to the gathering, which should be one of the moBt memorable ever held in the north. In 1853, at tho commencement of hi3 great career in the saddle, Fordham, being then a young and diminutive lad, won the Cambridgeshire on Little David. ThiB was a good horse and he won very easily by many lengths from a big field ot thirty-nine runners, and then ran right through the town, his little rider being unable to pull him up. As a reward for his success Fordham was giv-sn a Bible and Testament, and a gold-mounted whi(j, on which was engraved, ' Honesty is the best policy.' If such presents were offered to some of the flash boys of the present day, they would in all probability be received with derision and profanity. But George Fordham cherished these souvenirs with the greatest care till the day of hia all too early death. Some little time ago a New Zealand horse-owner named A. Phillips made certain chnrgeB againBt the handienpper to the Takapuna Jockey Club. The latter thereupon asked the stewards of the T.J.C. for a full inquiry, and a meeting was called to consider the complaint. In the meantime, how ever, PiiillipB wrote to the handicapper and the o!nb, apologising for his conduct, but tbe stewards resolved (1) That Mr. A. Pnillips' apology be not accepted} as the charges made against Mr. Knight are of such a scandalous nature, and that unless Mr. Phillips can substantiate his statement the committee will be compelled to inflict a serious penalty upon him. (2) That, this meeting be adjourned till February 21, when, if Mr. Phillips is not present, the charges made will be considered, and dealt with in his absence. The veteran Torn Lamond kept up. his reputation Bt Flemington on Saturday as a trainer of two year-olds, for he captured the Alma Stakes with Condiment, who iB out of the GoldsbrougU mare Cin namon, by Gosboou, and is consequently half-sister to tho expatriated Abercorn. Bona, who ran second, is full sister to Bodadil, and Tremarden, who was third, is half brother (by Trenton) to The Skipper and The Prize. However the great interest of the day centred in tha Futurity Stakes, every body being eager to have a look at Bobadil, who was.favourite at evens, despite having to carry a 7ib. penalty. The son of Bill of Portland had quite an easy task on, for being ridden a waiting race he smothered his opponents in the straight and won | comfortably from Alix, with Wait-a-bit third and Lee- Metford |fourth. This form brought Alix into much request for the Newmarket Handicap, in which she is in on the limit. Mr. W. R. Wilson's fine horse Majestic was favourite for the Woodcliffe Handicap, in which he. had 9st. ia the soddlp, but he was beaten a length by Safety, to whom he con ceded 211b, with Model third. No Newmarket Handicap candidate at Fleming ton is doing taster or better work than the Durham Court-bred Carrara, who, however, will have 8st. 71b. in the saddle, a good horse's weight. Fast trials over the Newmarket distance are rarely confirmed in the actual race. ' Give me a horse iv no runB up in imin. jyaec. wicnour uiscreasmg himself, and you can have all your lmin. ITJsec. fliers,' remarked tbe keenest of all early morning watchers, the late Sam Martin, after Cranbrook had broken the record in the Newmarket in '88. On another occasion a follower of Mr. E. Dakin's stable assured a friend that Quintin Motsep would win the Newmarket, and 'break 13.' meaning t hat he would reduce the record to under lmin. 13sec. The race was won by Coronet in lmin. lOJscc., and Quintin Matsep was beaten out of a place. The friend had put quite a ' plaster' on tho aon of Tubal Cain. In the evening, when tho crowd returned from Flemington, he addressed them on tho follv of backing time, and wound up thus — 'Quintin Matsep break 13! Why, he hijs broke the wholo community !' ' Writes ' Goodwood' : — 'The feature of tho racing at .Caulfleld on Saturday was undoubtedly the Bpleudid form shown by Bobadil, who, ti soma ex tent, gave, the lie to his spring form. It has yet to be proved that Bobadil is a genuine stayer, but when ho is himself there is no doubt about his brilliancy. He looks a different horse ta what he did last November. Thero is a brightness about his. appearance which was then absent, and -he carries mom Seeli. It was raally a treat to see him dispose of the field on Saturday. He ran past his horses as if they wero Btahding atill. Ho, of course, hardened in the betting for tho Australian Cup, and lias oIbo shortened in price for the Newmarket. Whata merry six furlongB ho would run if Mr. WHboo eloc'ted to start bim for tho big sprint race on March 4 ! Those who are inclined to back him must not, however, overlook tho fact'that tho St. Leger is run on the same day. That event looks a fair thing for him, und Mr. Wilson may think it better to have a shot at the easier race, more especially ns the stake is a good one ? The form cf North British oreatcd a very favourable impression, and he is now a pro nounced favonrits for the Newmarket. Handicap. Welter-weight form iB not always reliable, and when it is remembered that two moder^ti-a like jLurauomoe ann .arugpr rouowea mm home, tno per formance of North British on paper does not look too good. It whb the decisive way, however, in which the Sydneyaider settled his field that took with tho crowd. He won like a racehorse, and, as he can hopoff the mark smirtly, he giveB ono the idea of being an ideal Newmurlut Handicap horso. It is understood that the connections of North British made an attempt to back him for tho Newmarket last week, but the ring quickly closed dawn on the price, and only a small amount, it is said, was got on. The owner was certainly wiso in pulling the gelding out on Saturday. A g^od stake waa won, ond, with money in hand, tbo stable can afford to take a shortur price for the Newmarket. Tho only other Newmarket candidate to ohow any form of noto was Alix, a three-year-old daughter of Trenton and Princess Al'ce, who ran second to Bobadil in tho Futurity. She Bhowed a good dash of pace, but was probably lucky in beating Wait-a-Bit for second place. Wait s-Bit was not ridden a judicious race, and in the straight was blocked on the rail?, nnd had to-be pulled out, finishing on the outBide.' One fact that it may bo profitable to bear in mind about North British is that he has shown all his best deeds in welter races. . The return of Yanitas to Singapore from India, after winning the Viceroy's Cup, waa the object of much rejoicing. On leaving the steamer he wos decorated with a presentation overall. ! The South Australian steeplechaser Kingfiah died a few days ago from the effects of the intense heat. Mr. Downer hunted Kingflsh for 8 years, j and in the wholo of that time the horae only feu once. When Tom Brown was asked tho other day when ho was leaving for Melbourne with Hopscotch, Beaohcomuer and other horses of Mr. Long, he 1 replied ' Perhaps not at all, for there ia a meeting - at Randwick on the same day as tho Newmorket, ' and a race there will be easier to win.' | Charles DawBon, by defeating' John North in their contest of 9000 up. becomes the champion of the world under the revised rules of the Billiard - Association of Great Britain and Ireland. The 1 result was, however, a foregone canclusion, Dawson ' winning by no fewer than 4285 points, nearly half I the game. The title carrieB with it the sum of £100 ' a year, guaranteed for three years, so long as the holder can retain possession of tho honour. The 1 winner's beBt breaks were 337, 320, 302 and 350. ' Writes ' Javelin' : A south suburban parson I recently stopped to speak to a trainer, who was leaning over his gate in a brown study. After a few minutes the parson indulged in a little refer- 1 ence to the many temptations to whicb mortal man \ was daily subjected, and by way of being appro- £ priately colloquial Baid, ' Yes, the road to ruin is, » unfortunately, over an easy track compared with the { other; like a gallop on a straight course, my friend e it is eoon over, and the end cometh quiokly.' 1 'Yes,' Baid the trainer gloomily, ' it'a over a bib j too quick sometimes, but don't run away with the f notion that a straight six fiirlongB is so easy got { away with. . Three times in Bix years I've'thought j I 'ad the Newmarket as good a3 in my pocket, bnt somebody else 'as always managed to cop.' The Victorian sporting politician's double, which waB backed for a case of wine three years ago, bids fair to come off. A party of members of Parliament had met in a country town one winter evening, and over the wood-fire — and the wine — federation and the high price paid for Carbine cropped up. A sporting . gentleman, who filled the position of Minister of Defence in the Munro Government, remarked — 'Federation is a myth,' which caused a son of the Emerald Isle, who was present, to venture a case of chatrpague that federation would be consummated in five years, and that a descendant of Carbine would, within that period, win a classic race in Englond. The wager was accepted, but tbe ex-MiniBter has since gone the ' great journey.' Federation looks very like becoming an accomplished fact at an early date, and a London sporting writer Rays — ' I shall expect to see the Carbine-Semolina filly win a classic race in 1899.' Infanta, who won the Hurdle Race at Canter bury Park on Saturday, wob bred atNeotsfield, and is by Gibraltar from FaBcination. She is smart, but bb Sadur recently gave her 2st. und an easy beating, she certainly is not first-class. Linda was favourite for the Stewards' Mile, but she ran badly, and the places went to Drummer Girl (by Gozo — Doris), the Btout little Bubba, and the Queenslander Dan O'Conneli. Another of Gibral tar'a progeny, Watch Dog, waa to the fore in the Park States, Mr. Forrester's colt winning easily from Maria Jane and the Newcastle mare Cantatrice, who was responsible for most of the pace. Telegraph and Lady Trident were in most demand for the Flying, and the first-named, who is by Metal from Drummer Girl, won easily from Mica and Virginius'. Like Telegraph, Comp, who accounted for the February Handicap after a good race with Colpen and Feu-de-joie, was bred by Mr. Baldwin at Durham Court. Telegraph was selected to do the trick in the Shorts Handicap, but made no show, for after Csntatrice had again tried and failed to slip her field she tired at the end and was beaten by Bubba (by Russley— Marvellous mare), with Drummer Girl third. Avery common practice in the old racing doye, but one which has been almoBt discarded of recent years, was that of endeavouring to put a little Dutch courage into horses of a nervous disposition or uncertain temper. Rather a funny story is told in this conneotion in -Sir George Chetwynd'a reminiscences regirding Digby Grand, who was ridden by Fordh»m, and won the Prince ot Wales Stakes at tbe Epsom Spring meeting in 1872. Fordham was adjusting hie saddle preparatory to ; mounting, when he observed Harry Woolcott, the trainer, with a black bottle in his hand; ' What's that, Harry?' he asked. 'A bottle of old port Mr. Graham has sent to give Digby,' Woolcott replied. 'Let's have a look at it,' said Fordham, and holding out his hand for the bottle, he meditatively took a long pull at its contents. Silently he handed the bottle back to Woolcott, who followed his example, and then Fordham regained possession of it, observing, ' I don't believe it would do him any good !' saying whioh he raised it to his lip?, and tilted it con siderably before he put it down. 'I believe it is generally bad for them,' rejoined Woolcott/ who very nearly emptied it, and Fordham, looking to see if any was left, found that there was a little, and qnietly finished that. Digby Grand looked on, and ic is impossible to guess what he would have said if he could have spoken. However, the horse won hig race. From what I can gather tho race meeting of the Quirindi Jockey Club on tbe 15th and 16th instant vas quite as successful as the majority of its pre lecessors conducted by the popular and thriving nst-itution, which, ? unlike most provincial clubs, loes not, overdo the business by oft-repeated re unions. Regret, who won the Opening and Tatter jall's Handicaps on Wednesday, was bred at Durham Court, and is by Canzoni; as is also I.C., who landed the Pace Welter in rare style, and wfco is out ot Hope, dam of Whitefoot (the hurdle racer) and Helmsman. Raven, who won a couple of aventB at the meeting and was second in another, must be getting Bomewhat ancient, for he is by Idalium from Campanilla, and bis sire was sent to America years back. Avrenim, who scored in the Visitors Handicap, is by the Marvellous horse Tort wortb, who died racently in the district, and Uncle is a son of Lochiel. '' Strangely enough the two principal races yesterday fell to the lot of one horse, Mr. Pengilley'a Marshall, whoso for m wa9 a great improvement on that of the first' day. Marshall, who is a very useful looking customer, is by that successful sire Invader from Pippet, and wos bred at Turanville by Mr Thomas Cook. So also was Tom Cook, who. chased the winner homo in tho Flying, and Stelene, who waB second to the black gelding in the Quirindi Handicap. Mr. Joo Brown was so much impressed with Marshall's showing that he purchased him, and in future the horse will do his breathings at Rutherford. The followers of Truth, who came nil tho way from Sydney, bad a very bad timo of it, ond it in pretty evident that the son of Inniskillen is cither overrated or gone right off. It seems that the statement that Frank Fielder had beon engaged to ride George Frederick in the V.RC. Leger and Australian Cup waa just a bit too previous, for Mr. George Gray, the owner of the colt, desires it bo be known -that W. H. Pearson will havo the mount. Mr. Gray has spent fully jeiO.OOO in horseflesh, but has so far not won a race, | although ib is expected iu many quarters that George Frederick will shortly score for him. How-' ever, if the rnmour that the son ot Carbine ia a roarer be true then I will not give much for his ohanee. Mr. Gray does nob know much about racing. Whon ho was residing in We3t Australia and had Trentham running for him in the Perth Cup of '97 hestrollod up to a jockey who was about to mount n horBe and asked the lad whether ho thought he could win. ' ' I'll beat Trentham.' was the reply. ' Ob,' said Mr. Gray, ' iB not that Trentham ?' It WOO Putll T-»„ ? TO..L -?!. ? VYIJU. sua lu ia pussiuie for the shrewdest, to mako a mistake in the identity of horsQB. At Randwick one morn ing Bono years back the late William Gannon, than whom there were few more observant, mon or shrewder judges, was standing talking to an ac quaintance when a horse in a quarter-sheot lounged by. 'That'B Melos!' said Mr. Gannon. 'We'll hove a look at him,' and with that he called out to the boy in charge of the animal to pu'l off the sheet. The lad only turned round, grinned, and resumed hi# walk. That irritated Mr. Gannon, who strode after the offender and angrily said ' Why don't you do as I tell you, young 'nn ? Ain't I the owner of the horse ?' j ' No, sir, I don't think you are '. This isn't | Melos. It's one of Mr. Brown's from -Newcastle.' And bo it was. . The veteran jockey Paddy PiggOtt, who won . Melbonrno Cup on Chester twenty- two years ags, ^ now riding and training in West Australia with tW. _ success, and is being given -every chance to getiatt.® his stride again. Mr. Wal Clift has token W.W.C. up afteratwoWff months rest, and tbe good looking little son of Can zoni and Party (sister to Marvellous) will be entrusted to Tom Cush to train, but I am afraid be will havo trouble with the horse's legs. It is rumoured that James, tho Wellington trainer, contemplates a trip to Australia at an early date with Rata, Track, and Art Jewel. The latter may show himself to bo tbe best of the trio when opportunity offers. By Artillery — Crown Jewel, his breeding is all right. Whilst running in a paddock on the Moison Dieu estate, near Singleton, one day laBt week, the thoroughbred mare Stewardess (half-sister to Inr vader and dam of Steward) put her foot in a stump hole and broke her leg, tho same limb the breaking of which in a race at Newcastle some years back brought about her compulsory retirement from tho turf. Stewardess has a foal by her side, about three months old, by Gibraltar, and an effort is being made to save the mare, but it is feared the taBk will be impossible. A Queensland writer says : For the first time in his long and honourable career, poor old Newman, who not long ago was sold for a few pounds by suction, and waa put to the indignity of racing nt unregistered meetings, was disqualified at the 3oorpatoo oourse last week. His form was in'con listent in tbe two events, and he was given a Holiday for six monthB. The poor old chap is still ible to win races in fifth-rate company, but it seems i shame to go on racing him. If he could talk, I fancy the Bame Newman could spin mauy a lively para. Probably one of the worst-tempered horses in braining in Victoria at the present time is Lissa lurn. She played up high-jinks at the start of the Alma Stakes on Saturday. Guinane got' on her back after some difficulty, but Bhe got him off, and rearing and plunging, finally come down. Guinane made several subsequent attempts to get into the saddle, but without avail, and finally the filly got iway from her attendant, and made a bolt for tiome. The field was Bent away without ber, and, ss she was not in the starter's bands, her backers jo not lose. They would lose in this colony, though, for a horse is regarded ua a starter so soon ib its rider weighs out. The following* altered rules of racing, which came into operation in England on January 1, are interesting, as showing a marked difference be tween the conduct of racing in England and in Australia : ' At every meeting advertised in tbe ' Racing Calendar,' one-half at least of the total amount guaranteed for prizes shall be apportioned to races of a mile or over for three-year- olds, or upwards, and of this half, not leBB than a moiety shall be for races of a mile and and a quarter or upwards ; but where more than one meeting is held at the Bame place during tho eurrent racing reason the apportionmenb may be calculated over each meeting, or over all the meetings ; provided that in the cases of meetings where races are already closed the stawards of'the Jockey Club oholl have power to relax the above rule as to the appor tionment of the money. No three-year-olds shall run in any race w-th moro than 200 sovs. added before June 1. There shall be no race of less dis tance than five furlongs. Tho programme of each day shall be subject to the following regulations : (1) There shall be at leaBt two races of a mile or upwards of a minimum aggregate distance of two miles and a half. These races must differ nt least one furlong in distance, and they shall fill with five entries. Neither of these races shall be open to two year-olds, and one of them shall ba neither a handicap nor a race with selling conditions. (2) There shall not be moro than two races, to which three-year-olds or upwards, ore admitted, of less than seven furlongs, and of these two races only one may be less than six furlongs. (3) Of the races confined to two-year-olds, there shall not bo more than two races a day before September 1, nor more than three a day at any time. Slipping back from the present to the past, and to the doings at Randwick at the September meeting of 1865, alluded to in last week's issue, I find that on the. third day Andrew Lodar'B The Pitsford commenced proceedings by winning the Bruie Stakes from tbe late John Ealea'a Satanella (who lived to be the progenitress of many a 'good horse), and Thompson's Cossack. The Pitsford who afterwards won the first St. Leger, .vas ridden by the late George Thompson — ' Squeeket' of that ilk. — who was perhaps the best jockey Australia has ever boasted of, throwing even Tommy Hales, the so-colled ' Prince of Horsemen' in; but Thompson had some methods of his own that would not find favour with the conscientious stewards of the present time, if such curiosities exist. The Prince of Wales' Stakes was won by Tom Ivory's O'Mearo — so the good old name ia rendered in the print befoie ma — from Jamberoo and Sampson, and in the Sydney Handicap Tarragon had hia revenge for hia defeat in the Mayoi'a Cup, for ridden 10at. by Higgerson, he beat Charles Bald win'« Lavalette, 7st. 31b., and Volunteer, 9st., with Paris, Lottery, and Dundee out of it, and the mile and a half occu pied 2.48. Thompson hod another winning mount in the Hurry Surry Stakes, iu which he steered Hetman Platoff to victory, and the same borse was also successful in the Tradesman's Plate on the fourth day. . Tbe Grand Stand Plate fell to Tait's Falcon, ridden by Fred Martineer (father of two fine peds who ran in tho Botany and Carrington boom days). Poor old Jimmy Ashworth wa3 in the saddle when Volunteer won the Waverley Handicap from Paris and Dundee, among the ones in the ruck being Dr. Bowker's Maid of the Lake, who despite the mystery and doubt surrounding her parentage gave the turf Black Swan, and through her Lady Trenton, The Queen, and Master Grand. The Randwick Plate was won by Mr. Beal'B nomination O.K. from Sign and Canobie, the three miles being cut out in 5min. 52sec., which was not half bad going. Nearly all the cracks, with the exception of The Pitsford, turned out for the Forced Handi cap, nnd gallant Tarragon again proved his worth, for the son of New Warrior and Ludia carried lOat. 51b,, and beat Volunteer 9at. 51b. by a' head, with Lavalette, 8st. 51b., two lengths off third, the mile and a quarter occupying 2min. 18aec. In the Champion Stakes at Flemington a few months afterwords Tarragon and Volunteer fought their battle o'er again, when the former wbb victorious, after running a dead heat at the first attempt; there 'being only a second difference in the time on each occasion. Mr. Mason, whom I have to thank for all this interesting information, must be one of few of the old brigade who are now with us, and I hope here he will stay for many a merry day yet, with never a leg, an ache, or an empty manger to bother him. Mr. Mason writes thot he know The Barb from hia first days of racing, and what he thought and yet thinks of the wonderful black demon may be guessed from tho fact that ho has treasured his photograph for over thirty years. The picture alluded to waa taken shortly after The Barb had beaten Bylong, Fishhook, Sir John, Blair Athol, and Bude light in the A.J.C. Derby of I860, whon he was ridden by Charlie Stanley, and it shows a remarkably beautiful short-backed, black horae, standing 15.1, with a creBted, somewhat short, neck, upon which was pet a sweet, determined head.notico able for a somewhat 'heavy under jaw. Jimmy ABbworth has toid me that The Barb used to carry moat of the woigbt ho was allotted with that powerful jaw of hiB ond never ceased pulling, even whon doing bis d ? 1. That's how Jiuim' put it. Tho photo depicts The Barb with a fine' shoulder and great arms ond thighs, and legs well under him, whilst he seems os round ob a cask. Volunteer won hiB first raceB whon turned out by Mr. Mason, and he had him at Maitland show when thst function was held at Campbell's Hill, thiB being tho time the Northern railway was opened as far aB Branxton. Tho flrBt race Tarragon won for Andrew Towns waa at Windsor, when he b9at Volunteer, but my venerable friend was greatly in evidence, as he swept the board with Ben Bolt, who was then, I fancy, owned by tho late William Eaton, of Muswellbrook. Anyhow Mason trained for that gentleman for years, and among others for the Singln Brothers, and the Coborofts. He had Myene and Grasshopper— I suppose he alludes to Cox's grey gelding of that name— for months at Gorriok's stables here, and with- the former he managed to defeat Volunteer for a Maiden Plato on the old Ruthorford coarse. He then took Volunteer iu hand. Among tho9n itho took part in the Alma Stakes at Caulfleld on Saturday was Atbara, a co't by tho expatriated Carnage, but ho was very backward in condition, and was never dangerous. According to latest advices, Mr. Gollan intends ! (.0 havo a cut iu for some of the rich stakes to bo i woo ^ youDgsters in Eog'and. His latest movo iB 'to1 sells ^ *'10 ^r00^ wares Fredn, Tiraillerie, and Bessfe M'Carthy on a visit to St. Lsger at Auck lpnd j.-,' ,'-e served to English time. They will then b0Bhipp«d to England^. ? The victory °' North British in the Kooyong Welter Haitdic* n Caulfleld on Saturday will, no doubt, cairee him b' f'rt^er, mpported for the Newmarket Handle, 'P- In the Sydney uiurktt, North British has been b»cV ed f'r ™uch 118 other horse in the ruce. North British is still under the care of W. K»lso, 3un-« no alteration having been made in the training ' of the gelding with the recent change of ownership from Mr. T. Muir to Mr. W. Mooney, tho well-kno\ vn Queensland sports man. The only other Nef- 'market candidates engaged in the race wero \Taktt%w0^e*l- Wild Olive, and Kruger. The great Christmas Boat Handicap °n the Type, i in which George Towns took part, and met with defeat extended over aoven days of cold, boisterous weather. For several days the London division looked very formidable, seven of them winning heat after heat in prcmisiug fashion, but in the final stages the Tynesiders got the upper hand of the Thames scullers completely, and it remained for two South Shield oarsmen to fight out tho final heat. These were W. Fraser, with 30aec. start, and J. Lamb, with 32sec. Tho latter was a decided favourite at 11 to 8 on, but Fraser speedily got on level termB with him, nnd a rare struggle all the way. ended in a victory for the non-tavourite by a length. The winner, who is 28 years of «ge, doBerved to be successful, for so long ugo as 1889 he got into the semi-finalB Cor the same annual contest, and in 1891 he again filled that position. [a country districts in New Zealand so much difficulty is experienced in getting jockeys who can ^o to scale under 7st. that local owners havo been asking various clubs to make tbe minimum weight tor all races 7st. 71b! or 8Bt. The New Zealand JJc/crcc Bays that at a recent meeting of the Wynd ham Racing Club, the president made some sound suggestions on the subject. He said it would be in the interest of racing generally in tho country dis tricts if more of the raceB were run on a higher all-round scale of weights, but that unanimity amongst the clubs would be wanteJ. In the busy seaEOnB it is quite impossible to get anything like a number of capable light weights in country dis tricts, and owners who should bo most encouraged are placed at- a disadvantage in consequence, by frequently having either to pufc inexperienced lads, or over weight, upon their horses. Two irapoit*nt sculling matches are just now attracting considerable attention in the Newcastle district. The first of these will take place on tbe Hunter at Raymond Terrace this afternoon, when Tressider and Worboys will meet in light skiffs for £50 a-side, Worboys being conceded a handicap of 301b. Tressider baa been traiuing on the Parramatta under the experienced care of ChriB Noilsen, and ia repotted to be very well, whilst Worboys has done hia breathings, I under stand, at the Lake. under the eye of Ted Chapman. Betting will probably be very brisk over' this con test. A fortnight later a match for £50 n-side will bo rowed over the Terrace course betwewn Mans field, who by many persons is rogarded as the coining man, and Croese, who baa occasionally shown excellent form, and who has been prepared for this race by the veteran Charlie Messenger. It is also reported that immediately George Towns returns after his visit to England TreBBider's friends will be prepared to back their man to row him for a large ; stake, and there is but very little doubt of their ' beiug accommodated. I 