DEAD LOVRR. The streets of the little mining town, in j ft eir steep sidewalks of flights of steps and iniiinrd plains, were biight with lights and gay with people. There was to be an old folks concert at the hall, and the young people who were to participate, in their quaint costumes of brocade and lace, had congregated, with maeh fun slid lb ughter, in the parlour of the one ho'el, awaiting the time when thry were to make their entrance to the concert-room, the tr.cn from one side and tho women from the other, in the way of days gone by. The enter t«imnent was to' close with a dance, tbe old i'olks bung in costume. TLe girls were flitting about the room, now reusing before tbe mirror to touch a powdered kck or to glance at a velvet train. The young nun, lot king at first rattier self-conscious in their unrccustomed clothes, the silk coats, rufHad shirls, and sl.ort breeches, joined tha mutual admiration society, and all was lively with j. kes aud laughter aud small rehearsals. A. jurtiy girl «ith fluffy yellow hair ami a white dress brocaded with silver was flitting s.bout among Ihe groups, <nquirirg— '• Where's Tom ? Riw jou sein Tom ? •lo vai.t to try our duet." " Lost Tom, Miss Amy ? " laughed Harry Hastings. 1 declare you shculd take better carc of your property than that." " How <lo you know he it my property ?" " Ub, a liKle bird told me. Now see here ; if you'll promise me the second waltz to-night I'.l ge and look up the old fellow for •«. int. him sinci- he Oresfea ' He ought to have lived in G< orge WasLiugton's time, he looks so well in there clothrs." TLc g-rl blushed and promised, and Harry started in his quest. There was some confusion and quite a iittle crowd about a dooi farther down the hall, and as Hastings paused, Tim McLaughlin came trom the room beyond, lie was a very handsome young man, though hi* face iii»w !oo!:eii white end sol-mti. *• I say, 11 i boy, what's the row ?" the other idlic.1, *• You're wanted by a certain lady. Why. you loak i-s if you had seen a ghost." " 1 have si til a man die.'' " I'atierson " Yi«." " Well, that's rough. Consumption, wasn't " Yes." said Tom, briefly. He made a motion to go in the opposite direction from the parlour. Hastings detained him. 4 4 Amy wants you." • J I'ol I her I'll be there presently." . " Well, don't be long ; we are going over to the hall very soon." Tom went up ta his room. The scene he had just parsed through had put him out of tune with the gay doings about him. He could still see the set < ves and quivering chin of the man who had died, and he. too, was young. When he went down to the parlour Amy was tin re done, and decidtdly cross. "I think it's too provoking of you, Tom ! " the pouted, flutt;ring her silver and white plumage. "They're all gone over, and there isn't time to try our duet. Where have yon lieen ? " " With pour Patterson : he has just died." Oh, how dreadful! But I dou't see what made you go a visiting sick folk on the uight of our concirt," she said p ttishly. The youug man looked st her iu surprise. " Don't be crnss, dear," he said. 44 This thing has about upstt m»." He was fastening bei <-loak, and she made an impatient movement- *• I used to drop in lo see him every evening The poor fellow was a stranger I ere, and lonesome. He came for his health. It cheered hi:r up. he said, to hear what was going on, so to , night I went in to let him see me in a** : things : I thought it might amuse him ; but 1 found him ju„t going." ! 4 4 Fearful! But Tom, we must Lu.ry ; they'i j be waiting lor us. j •• One moment. Amy. I want lo ask you something, 'ihe poor fellow who died waf expecting his girl to-night in the midnight train He sent for her : think what a shock it will be to Ler wbeu i-he comes ! Would you mind if I went up to Ihe station to meet her and try tc make it a little easier ?" 4 4 Mind ] I guess I should S Any girl would ! Why, it will be just supper time, and I don't want to be left without a partner." 4 1 1 could get someone—" 4 4 1 don't want anybody but you. I don't believe that girl is much, coining here alone It j see him." I R, 4 4 Would you not do it for me, Aaiy »" , j Don't go asking horrid questions '. Mamma wouldn't think of letiing me." 4 4 This pot.r girl hasn't any relations. Slit works in an office. Patterson told me. Ht thought everything of her. I don't see how you can help being sorry for her !" 4 4 Oh. I am ! Now Tom. dou't be disagiviable !" pouting. Ccrae, we mu-t go !*' T<m sighed, aud they went out into the snowy street. He cc-uld not feel in touch wit-t the gaiity. He found himself continually thinking of that young life just gohe. of the young girl jourr.ej'ing on in liopeto And despair. Something crept into his tenor solo that ni^bt which made people say. 1 didn't know Tom j McLaughlin coulJ ring like that : it fairly made me cry." Amy bad recovered her good nature. She laughed and danced and fli-ted about like 3 fairy. Torn look her to supper and roused himself to join in the" gay talk. She thought he had firgittcn thiir little difference. In the daskv hall, as they went back, she looked up at him with shining eyes. 4 4 Tom," she whispere:!, 44 do you know you'rf sph r.didly handsome to-night ?" for answer he took her in his arms ano kiss'd 1-tr. ••Oh, you bear," she laughed. ''Y'.u've crushed my dress." A ti ll man was standing by the door as tht-y passed out. "Hallo, Jake!" called Harry Hasting* 4 4 Why ain't you up at the station ? Going tc let the passengers walk down ?" 4 4 Plenty of time ; train's late. Due at one. thirty." Tom heard. He toek Amy into the I.a-1. ane 1 her partner came to claim her ; then he hi.ni over to t! e ho'el. 4 " Jake, 7 ' he said, 44 I'm going with you.'" lie r«n up to his room, lore < (f his farcy into tho office. The old man wh-j wa'ched (he IXUSD was nai miug his hands at the blove 4 4 Come, Johnny," ho said, putting some mcnty into |iis hand. *' J. waist jp^ to sec thbt there is a goud lire in the pario-ir when the 'bus ge*a bae'e. I'm going up to meet poor Paticr- M-n's gltl. fckp js ic-n ng o-tii^ht, and it is a ci Id :i '.e tU.wn." 4 4 Po r j;irl ! f'u e, I'll do i*, Mr. Trm." Mr. M"LmgUiu opened the diiiiug-roou dor-r. Tie tired wnj'f-rs wt-r-! c!ea;i?gawat tiA- iti:i; ii.E of the feast ; the dimhiisLiid line of tiiiiiu r p ils or, the comer jU.blo --howed Ihal the mini r- rting on U.e ni^ht sliaft had gon r out. Tine wrs no sign of the landlady. He shut the door. 4 4 Jlr=. Cornifh anywhere about, L T uclt J. hi.ny ? " he asked. 4 4 Jist gone to her b;d. She wis aftir saying she was that tired she couldn't drag one fut bi hind the other.'* I flull have to tell lliat poor thing myself," he thought, as he went out and climbec up bt M<le Jake on tlie old 'bus for the mile'r rido ta the station. The train came slowly through the ducp cut, its two rnginis puffing. It stopped but an Instint; llui mails were thrown out. and the •pissr-PSC:' Two men and a lady. She vas evidently ibne, and looked about her nervously. McLaughlin went up to her. 1 4 Excuse me,' he said. *' but ia this Mis; Abbott, Mr. Patterson's friend ?"' 4 ' Yes," >he said. * 4 My name is McLaughlin. I c mo to meet yt-u," he vent on, possessing himself of hei ratise and helping her into the stage. By the light of thestationmasters window h* ww that slje Waa t«H, witii a sweet, grave fact p and luminous gray ryes! Tbo rumbling and p crunching of the wheels throiigb tho stiff snow, o and the presence of otiier str»ngers, (nade conr w versalton difficult. _ ; f The girl looWl out. oyer tt* mam l^ tht lark ' hoB6S*' whtdt - lined > tlie winding waj down-to Idanniug bow 'ip' tell i ^ 'Whts drew np^l Ibo hotrf ; tho t acron the .'way: walta and the: aoand «f ^dng f»t lait&f; im tto ni^t air. i;i>mlupe3 Unde .Johnny bad ueen true tc bis prcmsao, nd a fire turned brightly in the parlour store. Tom placed a chair for her in the pleasant. armth, but ahe turned to him *-ag<-rly. Tell me about Lim,'' she said. '* Is h< better ?" •* Yes,*' he answered, avoiding her eyes. Be went on hurriedly, " I am going to bring you something, and then yon may question me* " Thank you," she" answered. " I shall w glad of something. I have been so anxious to day that I could not eat, bat now I am here 1 must save my strength for him.'' Tom went out a suspicions lump filling bis throat. He returned presently with a cup of tea and a tray of dainties, purioimd with Uncle Johnny's help from the remains of th« ball supper. When sLe had lunched she said— *' I am so frlad Henry is better. Is ho on this floor ? I fan- : d from bis short letU-n that he was very weak aud suffering.'' Tom vent up to her and took her hand: * 4 My poor girl," he said huskily. 44 Hcnrjf M will never suffer any more ; he is well." She grew very white and turned away her head, but she did not cry. There was a long silence and then she said in an atUred voice— «' When ?" *' To-night at seven." Another siknee. Then a sound of footsteps approaching and a gay voice saying— " I think I must have left my scarf iu here It is cold in tbe hall." Amy entered, followed by Harry Hastings She gave one look at Tom, bending over and holding tbe hand of tbe white-faced stranger, then without a word turned and went out, followed by her cavalier, bis lips puckered foi a silent whistle. Miss Abbot did not appear to have noticed them. 4 4 i must see him," she said, 4 4 Oh, nut to-night ! It is iate, and you are vieiry. Wait until morning." " No," she answered, 4 * now ; I must tell him I have come, thoogh it was loo late " Unable to move her. be brought a candle and they went through the silt nt halls to the room where her lover lay in ail the silent majesty of death. Tom set down the light and ui.covered the still form. 4 I'll wait outside." he whispered. After some time she joined him. her face noo strained with tears. " I will go to my room now,'' she said. 4 4 Ob, Mr. McLaughlin, how shall I thank you for your kindness to him and to me ?" Whitu Tom went back to the ball-room Amy was waltzing. He watched the lithe ynung ligurc, the flying feet, tbe white aud silver There was a colour in tbe small face and a mutinous expression about tbe mouth which told bim he would find it bard to niike peace. T When she was seated he went to her. bat she did not appear to see him until he spoke. 4 4 Amy—' 4 4 Oh, it is you, Mr. McLaugbliu ! Have you I si t your friend r" 4 4 My darling, let me explain." 4 1 I dou't want to hear.'" Hurriedly slipping off her engagement ring, she gave it to him. 4 4 There ! Wh<n you take her hand again, slip that on ; she will be glad of a new lover.'" The man's face turned very white. 1 4 Do you mean it, Amy r" he said. 4 4 Yes." She gave a hard little laugh and beckoned with her fan. Hastings came up. 4 4 Harry," she said, sweetly, 44 I'm so tired ; won't you take me. home r v \- Tom looked at the ticv ring lyiug in his hau d ! its <1,amoud flashed "I 1 at b ' m ; ""f^ t,,e dear then he ttought or K'ey eyes of that girl who, had he but Smowa, was to make «»e happiness of his life. 