CASE 2739. CHAPTER VI. A LEAP PROM LEONARD GEKVATSE'S MEMORANDA. ' Tho story, or such part of it as refers di rectly to tho purposes of this history o£ the ?woman who. has been tho victim, and who was destined to become the Nemesis of the man whom wo know as Paul Grosvenor is, so far as her own experience went, simple and pathetic. The Sutherlands were among tho proudest families in England, and her father who was fourth cousin to thon earl of that name, made a fortune in India, but in doing so he lost his |liealth, so that he died when Katherine was a child. Her mother's life had gone out with' the introduction of hers, so she was left an orphan long before she could re alize what a father and mother were. ' The. fortune which her father left for her had many years in whioh to become augment-' ed,- and when at last her majority was attained she came into tho disputed possession of moro than two hundred thonsand pounds. 'While she was yet a girl, barely past the age of sixteen, she mado the acquaintance of Sedgwick Eelton, and within a year rrfarried him ; and there ended the history o£ her life so far as happiness was concerned. Indoed, re liable memory failed her almost as soon as she became tlie wife of the man she adored, for she seems at once to have lost all power of resistance, and to havo placed her will, as well as her fortune, within tho control of the man she called husband. ' She was induced to leave her beautiful : home in Devon and go to Liverpool to live, and thero they occupied an immense house which Eolton purchased with her money, and where he .entertained in the most lavish style a class of associates who were total strangers to her understanding. ' She believed that her husband waB engaged in extensive business enterprises, and that tho strange men who frequently passed weeks at a time beneath their roof were associated with him, and although she saw and heard many strango things which she could not understand, she had perfect faith in the man she had married, or never once thought of questioning his conduct or his honesty. ' Mexican, Spanish, Erench and American bonds were frequently the subject of discus sion, but she knew nothing of them and cared less. She knew that the fortune she had brought to her husband was ample, and was led to beliove that he was. a speculator in foreign bonds and values. That was all. If he had been a speculator in ice at the North Pole, not a doubt of his honesty or ability would have occured to her, and she would have regarded it as a legitimate enterprise, since he was concerned in it. . ' One night, however, he informed her that he had urgent business abroad, and that thoy must leave tho house at once. She had barely time to pack a fow necessaries in a hand bag and to accompany him to tho wharf, where instead of taking passage on a steamer, they embarked upon a fishing schooner, and in due courso of time were landed in Erance. She does not remember the name of the port. ' Thore her husband informed her 'that ho did not care to have the people know who they were, and accordingly a name was as sumed. There, also, he left her alone many weeks, while ho journeyed to. Paris and other places. It was a while he was absent on one of those trips that a man called upon her, told her that ho was an old friend of Mr. Eelton's, and so induced her to tell all sho knew concerning him. Einally, perceiving how entirely innocont Bhe was of any com plicity in the crimes for which he sought her husband, he told her tlie true charactor of the man she had married, gave her the list of aliases by wliico he was known in various parts of the world, and she at last realized the fact that Sedgwick Eelton was a well known criminal, that ho was at the head of an immense conspiracy for the forging and placing of bonds of different countries,, and that sho had been mado tho dupe of an un principled scoundrel. ' She states that sho could have borne even that, forgiven it all, and still loved and respected her husband, had not the stranger furnished her with proof that lie was at that very timo living in the house her monoy had purchased in Liverpool, with another woman whom -he called his wife— a woman whom sho had known, named Miriam Montaguo. ' This, and othor rovelations with which tho stranger regaled her, overcame her entirely. She remembers that in the midst of their con versation her husband appeared very suddenly, and that there was a struggle of somo sort there in her preseuco, but she fainted almost as soon as it began, and when consciousness again returned sho was on tlie ocean, bound for she knew not where. Sho was told that she had given birth to a daughter, and that if she did exactly as sho was told to do it would bo returned to her at tho end of the voyage. 'It seemed interminablo, consuming, sho insists, many months. Several times the ves sel remained in port for days at a timo, but what places they, were, aud iu what parts of tho world they wero located, she does not know. Her husband was with her on board the ship ; and once, when they were near tho end of the voyage, she thinks she saw Miriam Montague, but sho is not certain. ' That tho city in which they theu found thoir homo is in America, sho is certain, and she thinks it was San Erancisco. Immediately after landing she was induced to sign several documents, tho nature of which she docs not pretend to know, as sho did not oven glance at them moro than was necessary to affix hor signature. She was only eager to regain pos session of hor child, which was promised her as the condition ; but it was denied her, never theless, and from that time until now sho has i been a hopeless prisoner, knowing that she was represented to others as insano by thoso who, through accident, learned of hor existence. ' Repeatedly she has mado efforts to escape, and many times sho has thrown eut notes like the one which fell to mo, but such efforts havo inevitably provoxl unavailing. Why hor husband and Miriam Montague have hot, long bef.oro this, put an end to her life is one of the things which she cannot explain, and I confess is a mystery to mo also. ' Referring to Miriam Grosvenor, whom she supposes to bo her daughter, she says that during1 theso years she has conversed with her twice, but that she has seen her many times without herself being seen. She abjuros me to watch over hex-, becauso the mother love tells her that Miriam is hei* child, and nothing can convince her that sho is not good and pure and true. ' Such is hor story, in substance, as she told it to mo, but it leads to something else which will prove of great value to my father and brothers, as well as to the world at large, for I beliove Sedgwick Eelton, alias Paul Grosvenor, is in reality the onco. notorious bond negotiator of many countries, supposed to havo been executed at Newgate eleven years rewards have aggregated twenty thousand pounds. He was known to the law by many aliases, tho one favourite being Prince Charlie. His identity was never connected with Felton's, but I am convinced that they wore one and the same — that in reality he lived two oi; three existance3 at that timo and that he was clever enough to keep them seporate even from his associates. 'That he is now masking his real business under that of a banker is only charactersstic of the man. There have been many time3 when he might h'a \7e retired with more than an ample fortune, but he plays with crime as a gambler plays with cards, for mere love of the occupation, and not for what it may bene fit him financially. * ' Further, I am convinced that the head quarters of this onco powerful bond syndicate havo been transferred from London and Liverpool to the mountains of Vermont, and that tho great stock farm owned by Grosvenor there is only a blind for the other and greater business. ' I find that within the last ten years there have boen floated nearly ten millions worth of spurious bonds, mostly United States, but somo English, Erench, and Mexican. There is no doubt that there is twice as much more in existence which has not yet been discovered. The secvet of this immense business, which might ultimately place a nation in Bankruptcy, lies within a few miles of the farm of Paul Grosvenor. The story related to me by Kathe rine Eelton is the link which haB joined to gether the ideas that I previously had con cerning this matter. I prefer to work upon the idea in secrei, without the knowledge of my father and brothers ; and since Katherine Eelton came to me out of the regular routine of business, since I do it without pay, and be cause there are other' cases in the office which tend in the samo direction, I believe I have tho right to do so. The case is kept in every way as carefully as our regular cases, so that if anything happens to mo tho matter can be taken up exactly whore I havo left it off. ' My brother John may know of another reason why I take the course I have decided upon, and I will leave it to his own judgment regarding the correctness of my view, if, through accident to mo, theso lines should ever be read by him. L. G.' Leonard Gervaise read this all over vory carefully, adding a word here and there as he did so. Tho last paragraph was entirely new, and he thought a long time before ho appende'd it. Then, with a sigh, he replaced the docu ments and books, cards, etc., in thoir places, closed the office and went out upon the street, not forgetting to leave a message for Ru dolph, when he should call, after seeing his father home. It was plain, from Leonard's manner, that he more than suspected that Eate might de cree that his brothers should read what he had written, although such an event could only occur through his own, death or disap pearance. CHAPTER VII. THE -PDKR OP A TIOER CAT. When Paul Grosvenor mado uso of his key to gain admittance to the office of the ' Gen eral' on tho day following he was as debonair as ever, showing not the slightest trace of un easiness or trepidation, although ho remem bered that tho General had promised that he would reveal the name . of the thief at that interview. An hour earlier, Miriam Grosvenor had beon admitted to the office by an entrance i that was unknown to the regular callers, and when her father was permitted to pass into the presonoo of the supposod old man, sho was comfortably seated in that mysterious ad joining room, tho presence of which was unsuspected except by thoso who know of its existonce, and yet so adapted that tho lightest word uttered in tho outer room could plainly bo overheard from her point of vantago. ' Well, Genoral, you see that I am punctual,', remarked' tho banker, as ho took the chair always occupied by clients in that room. Its position placed a detectivo in tho shadow, and pormitted an extra ray of light to fall across the visitor. ' 1 suppose you havo discovered tho name of the thief ?' Thero was impertinenco, irony, scorn, con tempt, incredulity, even downright insolonco in tlio words as ho uttered them, but Leonard Gorvaiso paid no hoed. . ' No,' he said, ' I havo not discovered it ; ' Ah ! Thon my call is for nothing,' i ? ? — - i ' Permit me to finish. I havo known it a long time.' ' Indeed !' There was not the slightest ex ' pression of surprise in the word. ' May I ask if you are about to suggest mine again ?' 'No ; tbo name belongs to another. ' Ah ! one of my clerks, perhaps.' ' Not ono of your clerks, Mr. Grosvenor, but to a person who is well known to you.' ' Quito interesting. When you arei quite ready to tell the name, I am prepared to hear it. I think I am strong enough to bear the shock. Do you refer to my wife, to my daughter, or to some one nearer and dearer still than all others ?' ?Upon the instant Leonard Gervaise changed his plan. The suggestion came to him like an inspiration, and he replied before he had given the subject an instant's consider ation. ' The thief, Paul Grosvenor, is a man whom you once knew well, in your own country. He was called, then, Prince Charlie.' There are times when tlie most selfcon tained, immovable persons in tho world can not refrain from a slight catch in the breath', whon astonishment almost exceeds credulity, and to Paul Grosvenor the sound of that name was one of those occasions. He was habitually so 'cool, so self-possessed, so thoroughly master of himself, and. ho had his .emotions under such perfect control, that it is doubtful if he would have winked, had a pistol been unexpectedly discharged im mediateiy behind him; but the sudden mention of that name, unheard by him, for years; closed some valve within him, over which he had, from long disuse, neglected to keep guard. There was one little catch of the breath — one little spot of red flew to each cheek and both passed and wero gone with the same suddenness with which they appeared. Then he laughed aloud. ' Nobility !' he exclaimed. ' Upon my word, I scarcely know whether to pursue this matter farther, or to drop it all, under a sense of obligation to his highness. Did I under stand you to say that I once knew the gentle man ?' 'Yes.' . ' ' It is quite remarkable, I assure you, for I do not remember him. I have known many princes, dukes, earls and what-not of that calibre, but I do not recall a Prince Charlie. A prince ,and a thief ! You interest me, General; you do, indeed !' ' I thought I should. You will be still more interested before I have finished.' ' Delightful ! Let mo beg, however, that you will be as expeditious as possible. I have an engagement to keep, and yet I would not for all those bonds lose ono sentence of this remarkablo revelation. Havo you the address of the prince, and does he receive ?' ' He has an accomplice who receives.' ' Ah ! A woman ? I hope so. And beautiful ? Sho should be, to consort with royalty.' ' Yes, a woman, and beautiful.' ' A princess ! . You should write your memoirs before you die, General. Think of tho intense interest thoy would create. What is the name of the princess ?' ' Miriam Grosvenor.' ' Magnificent ! Miriam should know of it. I have always wished that she would marry well, and hero is her chance ! Capital, General, capital !' ' Did you, Grosvenor, ever know a man whose name was Sedgwick Felton ?' ' Certainly. I knew him well. A fine scoundrel ho was, too. Is the prince related to him ? I hope not.' ' Did you know him in England ?' ' Yes,. and afterwards in America — in San Erancisco, in fact.' ' He lived thero under the namo of Sedg wick, without the Eelton.'' ' Quite so. Ho found the Felton incon vonient, for many reasons. My dear General, what in tho devil are you driving at ??'?? ' Your past history, Mr. Grosvenor.' ' Good heavens ! .You don't mean it, do you ? Why, my dear sir, if I had supposed that you cared for that, I might have saved you all the trouble you havo had in finding it out, for I could havo told it to you. Have you the other aliases ? I assure you they wero quita numerous.' ' I havo a number of them.' ' And did you bring mo hero to tell me all this rot, General ? Excuse me, the term is not a polite ono, but it is expressive, you . know ; and permit me to suggest that your information is infernally stale.' ' You seem to bo proud of your past record.' ' Quite tho contrary, General — quito, I as sure you. I am awfully ashamed of it ; I am, really. What you havo said would quite up set mo, if it cumo from another, but I know that the secrets of this office aro as safe fis a church, so tho fact that you know all of that business does not disturb mo. Really, I have all along supposed that you did know it. But that part of my history is far in tho past, and you must not mako mountains out of molehills, General. Really, yon must not.' ' I do not intend to do so, nor is it any moro my intention to mako molehills out of mountains.' ' It is easier, and sometimos better, don't you know. It improves the topography of one's conscienco, if nothing moro. But wo are getting away from the prince. Tell mo moro about him.' 'Presently. I wish to refer to one moro matter first.' ' Anything to please you, General. What is it ? Katherino Felton, for instance ?' 'Yes; Katherino Felton.' Grosvenor leaned back and laughed lieariily. ' I did not beliovo that she could , tako you in as sho doubtless did, General,' ho said. ' It was too bad, after all tho troublo you wore put to, iu order to got her out of my liouso, too. I was not suro that you did it, or I should have come directly to you at the time. Do you know who sho really is ?' ' Yes ; one of your wives.' ' Good ! Not at all bad ! One would think that I keep a harem. As a matter of fact, she does think that she was onco Katherino Sutherland, but poor Kathie lies buried in a churchyard on her native heath. She is my wife's sister, General, so for heaven's sako do not bother 'your head further about her.' ' Whore is she now ?' ' At my country place in Vermont. I'll take you there to see her tho first time you havo the timo to spai'Q.' ' Suppose wo go.to-night.' ?' Would you like to, really ? I am afraid it will be impossible for two or three days, but if you aro incliuod to mako the trip then I'll show you somo of tho finest horses in the land. Really, an outing would do you good though I cannot say that you havo grown a' day older in ton years.' ' I can go Monday.' ' Vory well, Monday. Now for tho prince. You interest mo in hi'in, for I cannot concoive how he can bo the thief. And above all how my daughter can bo mixed up with him. Seriously, don't you think that you ar.e ap proaching your clotago ; slowly, to be suro, but surely, nevertheless ?' ' Perhaps. I imagine things sometimes.' ' That's bad. You should take more exercise.' 'I imagine, for example, that the prince Charlie to whom I refer is the same man for whom large rewards have been offered, and' ? 'Ah ! I thinkl remember, now, to whom you refer. ? But, my dear General, he killed a pal of his — anyhow, he killed somebody, and they stretched his neck, down at Newgate. That was ten years ago, or more.' ''His ghost is in New York,' murmured LeOnard, dryly.. ' Good Lord ! Who'd havo thought it ! That explains tho whole mystery. Evorvbody knows that nothing short of a ghost could got into my vault, and that nobody but a medium could be the accomplice of one ; so Miriam must be a medium. Well, well, well'! This is decidedly the most entertaining hour I havo spent in a long time.' ' My imagination goes still farther, Gros venor.' ' More flights ? Beautiful !' My time is nearly up, so hurry. What is the next ona?' ' I imagine that Miriam Grosvenor is not your daughter at all. That you aro not, and never were, really Sedgwick Felton, for I be lieve he died on the scaffold, under tho mis taken idea that he was Prince Charlie. I imagine that Prince Charlie lives, moves, breathes, and has his being in the city of Now York to-day, under the name of Paul Gros venor, and that ho is carrying on tho same work to-day that he did in those days long ago, manufacturing and negotiating bonds, robbing the bank of which he has managed to be made president, and gradually drawing closer and closer around him the meshes of the law of a country whero he . cannot escape by a simple trick.' ' Your imagination, Genoral, is too damned personal for your own good.' 'Ah! . Does Prince Charlie threaten mo?' ' No, but Paul Grosvenor warns you that these pleasantries may be all right in this office, whero only ourselves hear them, but they will not bo tolerated beyond theso walls. If your purpose is blackmail ? ' My purpose is to draw tho not, and finally the rope, around Prince Charlie. Good day, sir. The door is open to you for the last timo. Keep your hands where I can see them, and go !' (To bo continued .) 