The Australian Aboraganes Opportunities are rapidly passing away and becoming yearly less available of studying the language, manners, and customs of the aboriginal races of Australia in their pristine simplicity, for, according to the universal expe rience, contact with the civilisation of the white man has a degenerating: influence on a savage, who, in his new environment,soon loses ihe characteristic features which mark ibis social life in its natural condition, and what ultimately remains of the native tribe is too often to be found seeking the protection ?ot a mission station or a Government depot. This is what has happened in the maid to those tribes ot the Australian natives which inhabited New South Wales and Victoria. In these colonies, tne native black, when fouud, is looked upon rather as a curiosity than a rem nantonly of the original occupiers of the soil which the white man has taken from him. In the works of Mr A. W. Howitt, Rev. Lorimer Fisoa, Mr E. M. Curr and Dr Roth we have been made acquainted with the peculiar sooial a id religious organisations of the natives on the east and south-east coast of the continent, but until quite recently the history of the inhabitants of the farther interior of the continent has been practically a sealed book. The nature of the country in the centre of Aus tralia and its difficulty of accesa, have naeessarily made investigation -©f the local tribes no easy task. Fortunately, however, that task has been recently attempted and accomplished with un qualified success, and an account of that attempt, together «ith the results of it, has just been made available to the public with quite entrancing details. In 'The Native Tribes of Central Australia,' Baldwin Spencer, SLA., professor of biology in the University of Melbourne, and F. G. Gillen, special magistrate and sub-protector of the aboriginies at Alice Springs, South Aus tralia, have set forth and account of the customs and social organisation of cer tain of the tribes inhabiting Central Australia. This work is a valuable ad dition to the literature of anthropology and exhibits an intimate acquaintance with the customs of the aborigines de rived from personal investigation on the spot. For nearly 20 yeans Mr Gillen lived amongst one of the largest and most important tribes in the centre of the continent, and both he and Pro fessor Spencer joined the Horn Scien tific Expedition, which left Adelaide for the North in 1894, while they together witnessed at Alice Springs in the sum mer of 1896-^97 an important series of native ceremonies which extended over three months The result of these in vestigations are set forth in a volume of some 600 .pages, full from first to last of a mass of information exceedingly interesting to the ordinary reader, and which must unquestionably prove of immense value to the student of anthro pology. The native tribes which were the subject of investigation are spread over the central area of the Australian conti nent for a distance of not less than 700 miles, from Lake Eyre, in South Australia, northwards, following the course of the trans-continental telegraph line, and extending to unknown limits to the east and west. Some 10 tribes occupy this tract of country, each tribe speaking a distinct dialect and regard ? ing itself as the possessor of the country in which it lives. Contact with the civilisation of the white man has had a. degenerating influence upon the tribes dwelling in the more southern parts, but further in the in terior of the continent, where the white man has not penetrated, the tribes are found in their pristine simplicity, and still holding firmly to tne beliefs and customs of their ancestors. The natives, taking those of the Ar&nta; tribs, loeated about Alice Springs, as a type, ara somewhat under the average height of an Englishman. The popular notion that the Australian natives are every where black is, we are told, erroneous, for these of the central tribes are of a chocqkte color. 3 he hair of the men is worn long, hanging in wavy locks over the -shoulders, while that of tke women is short, which is due to the feet that at times each woman has to spresent her ; hair 'to the man who is betrothed to her I daughter, for the purpose of making him - a waist belt. Beth men. and women go \ absolutely nude, wearing generally : nothing but a few necklases and a' girdle. Like the natives of many other parts of the continents those in Central Australia are accustomed to smear their bodies and plaster their hair with a mixture of red oelire and grease. They are governed in their condact towards each other by a code of morals which, though differing radically from that which civilised mankind, recognises, is not without some .pleasing fea tures. The native appears to be generous, that is to say, he will readily give away part of what he possesses,, expecting neither anything in return nor even an expression of thanks. In this he is guided, as iia almost rail his con duct, by custom, to which he is an absolute slave, for there would appear to be no more conservative creature '?? under the sun than the aboriginal Aus- J tralian. The women are not usually! treated with harshness, though they! fcave to take a considerable shar-8. in the i work of camp life. To their children! they are uniformly 'kind and consider-; .ate, the men as well as the women assisting to carry the youngsters when ? weary on the saarch. Each tribe is divided into a large number of small local 'groups, and each of these groups occupies and is supposed to possess a givea area -jf country, the boundaries of which are well known, aad which giveB its name to the group occu pying it. On further examination of a group it is found that it is composed largely, but not entirely, of individuals who describe themselves by the name of some particular plant oranimal. Hence one group is known as kangaroo men, I another as bandicoot men, and so on. ' These various plants or animals are the * totems of the groups which bear their names, and every individual of the tribes is born into some totem, i.e., he or she belongs to a group of persons each of whom bears the name of and is especially associated with some natural | object. The first question that naturally pre sents itself to the interested inquirer is what was the origin of these Australian tribes. Are they an offshoot of the negro race ? Do they trace their genea^ logy to the tribes indigenous to India? Or are they the descendants of wander ing families who migr-atad fiom islands to the north ©f the continent before Tones Straits was formed? For theories have been propounded accord ing to which each of these queries is affirmatively answered. Messrs Spencer and Ijillen find no data sufficient to give :a definite answer to this conundrum, but from their observations of the tribes they are satisfied that these are not in a state of degeneration from a higher type, but rather they evince traces -of an upward movement in the course of evolution. ]in the absence of any authority more definite we are driven to the traditions that the natives themselves hold most tenaciously regarding their ancestors, and espe cially to that which to the childishly superstitious mind of the native accounts for the ' churingas ' and totems asso ciated with them. TJbe general name ' Alcheringa ' is given to the whole period during which their mythical ancestors existed, and ac that time, tradition states, there existed in the western sky two beings who came ' out ot nothing, or were ' selt esnst ing.' At the same time, far away to the east, there dwelt on the earth cer tain ereatures of a rudimentary human form, in which merely the .outlines of the various limbs could be seen. To transform these i-nto complete men and women was the mission of the ' self existing ' ones. Accordingly, with huge surgical instru ments in the shape of large stone knives, they descended from their cloudy emi nence and manufactured the formless masses — ' Inapertwa ' — into men and women. These creature 'were in reality stages in the transformation of : various animals and plants into human ; beings, and thus they were naturally, j when inadeinfo human beings, intimately associated with the particular animal or plant, as the case may bes of which they were the transformation—in other words, each individual of necessity belonged to a totem, the name of which was of course that of the animal or plant of which he or she was a transfor mation.' These ' Alcheringa ' ances tors carried about with them sacred stones — ' Churinga '-—and at the place where each died and went into the ground, he left behind him his sacred stone, in which his spirit resided, but some rock or tree sprang up to^Suiark the spot. Each of these spots is well known to the old men, and by them the knowledge is passed on from gener ation to generation. So that the country is dotted over with .local totem centres, where numbers of these sacred stones are deposited, and 'it is this idea of spiritual individuals, associated with ' Ohuringa ' and resident iu cer tain definite spots, that lies at the root of the present tocetnie system of the Arunta tribe.' Every individual there fore is associated with sooie totem, being either that of the place v\here he was born, or the place where his mother was when the spirit which he represents entered her body. The native of Central Australia has a very small acquaintance with work ; there is no need for anything like the eight hours system with him, for all the work he is called upon to perform is to go into the bush and kill the emu, kangazoo or bandicoot that he will eat partly cooked for his meal. Cultivation of the soil is quite unknown ; he lives literally from hand to mouth, and takes no thought for the morrow. As his food supply depends ugon the abundance or otherwise of the birds and beasts he ea-n kill, and'a3 every creature is con nected with sonae totem, there is per formed a series of ceremonies in relation to the totems, the sole object ©£ which is the increasing of the supply of the plant or aaimal or other natural object after whick the totem is named. The head man of each 'fcotemic g«roup deter mines the time and controls the per formance of the ceremony for his par ticular totem. Jra the selection of the period considerable forethought is dis played, and a not too implicit faith in | the efficacy of the occasion, for a time is !j chosen when there are prospects of a! good season ; ;but if the desired result j be not obtained, the failure, is attributed || to the -evil 'influence of some other I group. While it is impossible not to I recognise the religious aspect of these totamic ceremonies, yet it would appear ' that their performance is n-yfc; associated in the native imind with the idea of appealing to the assistance of any supernatural being.' The evidence is abundant d&at; the. Central Austra lian native is a strong believer in tbe existence, of spirits, botk of his ances tors as well ;as of his lately deceased comrades, but his religion does not ap pear to have developed beyond Profes sor Tylor's ' minimum definition of re ligion — the belief in spiritual beings.^ The material -supplied by Messrs Spen- .; cer and Gillen will no docbt be of vala-e in its application to the theory of the evolution of religion put terth by Tylor, but combated by Mr Andrew Lane;. We find, however, no knowledge smongst the Central Australian natives oi an individual Supreme Being, such as £he Darumulua ©f the Victorian tribes, described by Me Howitt. Yet the sfpdrits of which the natives -exhibit such reverential dread are not the meie ' spooks ' and ghosts of our nursery tales, nor are thpy addicted to the ' table rapping ' of our modem seances. The dead are buried in such a manner as to allow the spirit of the departed an easy means of leaving and returning to its former tenement of clay, and daring the period of mourning the name of the deceased may not be mentioned but with bated breath. Amongst Australian natives, in what ever part of the continent their customs have ,been investigated, every man ha to pass through certain ceremonies of initiation before he is admitted to the secrets of his tribe, or can become a fully developed member of it. The initiation ceremonies of the central tribes entirely differ from those of the tribes in the eastern and south-eastern districts of the continent, and are more elaborate, extending from the time that a lad is 10 or twelve years old until he has reached the age of 25. or even 30. Every youth has to pass through four ceremonial stages in the course of his graduation to the full rights of citizen ship, so te speak. These are graphically described in the work before us, and the description of them is assisted by excel lent reproductions of photographs taken at the time. To an onlooker many of these initiatory ceremonies must have been exceedingly amusing. Here, for instance, is what a boy has to pass ; through while graduating for member ship of a kangaroo totem group. Being led out blindfold to the arena where the performance was t.o take place, he was placed face downwards on the ground until the chief: actors made their appearance. On ; being directed to sit up and look, he saw lying in front of him a decorated man who., he was told, represented a wild dog. At the other end of the arena stood another decorated man, with legs»wide apart, holding up twigs of eucalyptus in each hand, aud having his head ornamented with a peculiar head- gear, being a sacred object em blematic of a kangaroo. This man moved his head from side to side, as if looking for something, and every now and then ottered a sound similar to that made by ,?& kangaroo, which animal he was supposed to represent. Suddenly the dog loked up, saw iihe kangaroo, and run ning along on all fours, .passed between the man's legs and lay down behind the man, who kept watching, him over his shoulder. Then the dog ran again between the kangaroo man's legs, but this time he was caught and well shaken, and a preteace was made of dashing his head against the ground, whereupon he hosvled as if in pain. These movements were repeated several times, and finally the dog was supposed to be killed by the kangaroo. After a short paase the dog ran along on all fours to where the boy sat and laid himself on top of Mm, when the kangaroo hopped along and got on top of both, so that the boy had to bear the weight of both men for about two minutes. When the performers got up, the boy, still lying down, was told by the old men that the performance represented an incident which took place in tbe days of the ancestors, when a wild dog man attacked a kangaroo man, and was killed by the latter. The first stages of these initiatory processes are even more elaborate, and extend over a considerable period, terminating in a kind of ordeal by fire, until the novices ate at last deemed fit to enjoy all the privileges of full member ship, and to be entrusted with the sacred mysteries of their clan. While passing through the various rites of initiation the youths would appear to have acquired a gocia], moral, and religious education, for j they have become subject to the control ] of the old men ; they have ISErnt habits, of self-restraint and hardihood, and they have learned the sacred seCifets of the tribe connected with the Chirunga and the totems. One of the most striking of their social institutions is that. which lays down the rules as to marriage and the list of prohibitions adopted is scarcely ?less bewildering than that contained in the Common Prayer Book. For the purpose of determining who may inter marry, the tribiTis divided into two main divisions, which are again subdivided, and any man choosing a wife from the group prohibited to him would be guilty of a very serious offence against society. As a rule a native has only one wife, though he may at times be entitled to a certain number of temporary wives, and the interchange of wives is looked upon as a mark of extreme good fellowship existing between the husbands. Our space prohibits us from doing more than naming some of the customss such as knocking out of teeth, nose boring, blood-letting and giving, and the avenging -of death, which are all detailed in the work before us. There is also an interesting chapter on the mak ing and tise powers of medicine men and tfeeir various forms of magic. The book must ra&k; as =a leading, if not the lead ing text book on the study of anthro pology in relation to the fast disappear ing aboriginal races of Australia, and contains material which has been long sought for by students of mankind.— 'Melbourne Age.' John 'Collins, who has lately die tingE-ished himself by swallowing 91. t ebbks, and has just come out of Deter boroGgh Infirmary, where he has been in retirement as the consequence of his ! feat, no -doubt thinks he has beaten the ? record. He is mistaken, 'however. A ' much more remarkable feat is ? recorded in the museum of Guy's Hospital, where they have some ; scraps of pocket-knives that had been swallowed by one -John Cumtnings, an! American sailor. He and his mates' went to a fair, and saw a mountebank '? doing sonae wonderful things in the way of swallowing knives. Most of them were greatly impressed by the per-: formance, but Cucnmings made light of it, and declared he could ! do the same if he liked. On being dared to -lo it, he took out his own pocket-knife and bolted it. His shin mates were naturally delighted. They plied him with grog, and affectionately encouraged him to stili further achieve ments. CuBimings boldly declared his readiness to swallow all the pocket knives on shipboard. Three were in stantly offered to him, aad he actually swallowed them all. One of the four he seemed to have permanently ap propriated, and for six years he experimented no more in this way. Eventually, however, he tried a few more ot these somewhat indigestible articles of diet, and, it was said, would swallow a knife with the utmost indifference. When Cummings told his story to the doctors, as, of course, he had to do in the end, they thought him a monomaniac, and were inclined to pay no attention to it. External examination, however, showed that a metal point had perforated the wall of the stomach, and induced the hospital authorities to administer powerful solvents in order, if possible, to get rid of the obstructive fragment of this singular dietary. Perhaps the stomach which had held out against pocket-knives gave in to the doctor's strong medicine. At all events the man died, and they have on show at Guy's some 40 or 50 scraps of metal blades and bits ot handle and other component parts of pocket-knives, all testifying to the truth of the story that the man had told and proving indisputably that he had long been in the habit of amus ing himself or astonishing his friends, or perhaps turning an honest penny occasionally in this original way. Collins certainly has beaten him by coming out of the infirmary alive. 