THE DIOCESE OF RIVERINA. Meeting of Synod. The President's Address. At the opening of the Synol, 011 Tuesday night, the Bishop of Riverina. delivered the following opening a:l drcss : — My Brethren of tiie Clergy, and my Brethren of the Laity, — I regret exceedingly that iorce or circumstances uuuijjcio mc ' more to strike a chord in the minor j key. Again we have met together under the same trying conditions that | awaited us last year. The same, and , yet more intensified. That the fourth year of a drought must be more keonly felt than any of its predecessors, goes without saying. Most deeply do I sympathise with those who have been hoping against hope, and struggling with ruin staring them in the face. Some painful cases have come under my own notice. Last year, those who, with a heartiness that astonished one, could say, ' Never mind ! Let the next season be a good one, and wo shall right ourselves even yet!' have now to cope with greatly multiplied burdens. That not a few would succumb was in evitable ; and unless a complete change shortly takes place, there must be an increase in the depopulation of River ina. I say ' increase ' advisedly, for already there has been a gradual exo , dus from Northern and North-Western Kiverina. As I said last year, we all suffer either directly or indirectly, and we all have need more earnestly to pray that our Heavenly Father may succour us in our necessity. That this state of things should affect the at tendance at Synod is not at all sur prising ; and so it is, with regret, that I have received many apologies. Very heartily do we welcome those who are present this evening. DIOCESAN CHANGES. ' Several changes have taken place since last April, but, before referring to these, and barely touching upon the sorrow, let me very briefly say how grieved we all were to hear of our Archdeacon's bereavement. The Rev. Alfred Dallas, who had been for some time in a delicate state of health, left Wentworth in October, 1898, and has recently died at Rich mond, in Tasmania. Although un known to most of us, we deeply sym pathise with his young widow. The Rev. G. E. G. Dainty, who has suc ceeded Mr. Dallas, comes from North Queensland, and I venture to think that 'Wentworth is well and worthily sup plied. The Rev. A. J. Greenwood has been appointed assistant priest for the Pro-Cathedral, where, under a temporary arrangement, suggested by the kind thoughtfulness of the Churchwardens and Parochial Councillors, I am acting as Dean. The Rev. D. M. Holden is stationed at Coolamon, and is doing excellent work. The Rev. G. R. P. Nobbs has been moved to Narandera, where already there are signs which bode well for the future. The Rev. Richard Clark is in charge of Whitton, and the Rev. J. T. Huston, formerly of Narandera, is now at Balranald. The Rev. E. A. Reader, although he has tendered his resignation, is still at Menindie. The Rev. J. N. Ward went from Balranald to work up the parish of Berrigan. His position has been anything but an enviable one ; still, by his steady perseverance, lie has done much to restore confidence. The Rev. A. Wingfield, formerly curate of Hay, and more recently acting Or ganising Secretary, left for New Zea land at the end of last year. As Or ganising Secretary, he accompanied me on my northern tour of visitation, and worked well for the Riverina Church Fund. The Rev. T. H. Wilson has been appointed curate to the Rev. A. J. Wheeler. We offer a cordial wel come to all new members of Synod, and among the laity I would mention the name of Mr Allan Mann, who has rendered special service as acting Diocesan Treasurer. ordinations. Two ordinations have been held, one at Broken Hill, when the Rov T. H. Wilson was ordained deacon, and the other at Narandera, the Rev. J. N. Ward being ordained priest, and the Rev. J. T. Huston, deacon. I am glad to have had these opportunities of ordaining in other centres than Hay, as I am convinced that these object lessons in the Church's methods leave lasting impressions behind them. NEW CHURCHES In the month of November, 1898, I dedicated the new church of S. Stephen at Jerilderie. Itis built of brick, and well designed, and Jerilderie is to be congratulated upon having one of the prettiest little churches in the diocese. On tho 26th of February of the cur rent year, I dedicated the new church of S. Alban the Martyr, at Booligal The building of these churches was greatly forwarded by grants from the ' Marriott Bequest.' A building oommittee has been formed at Oxley, and we hope vory shortly to see a church erected. BROKEN HILL. At our last session tho following re solution was duly carried, ' That in view of the fact that Episcopal visita tion to the Parish of Broken Hill must continue for many years to come to be so difficult as to militate against the best intorests of that Parish, the Bishop of the Diocese bo assured by the Clergy and Laity of tho Diocese of Riverina in Synod assembled of their thorough en dorsement of any arrangMniout which His Lordship may be able to bring about for tlio supervision of the Parish by the Bishop of Adelaide, respectfully urging that in any such arrangement due safeguards be devised against the alienation of tho interests of the Dio ccse.' On iny arrival at Broken Ilill, I found that there existed a very strong feeling against any such arrangement; nd therefore I promise to do nothing, until I had heard the opinion of the parishioners. To this end a meeting of adult communicants was called, and the matter thoroughly discussed ; and although I did my utmost to show that it must prove highly beneficial to Broken Hill to be worked from Ade laide, I failed to convince tho meeting. At tho same time, a division of the Parish was proposed, but I have al lowed this to remain in abeyance, pending an effort to establish a sinking fund for tho purpose of recouping the Rev. A. J. Wlieelor for a considerable outlay on church property. Whilst speaking of Broken Hill, let mo say that I am very glad to see Mr Wheeler amongst lis. Soldom is the north re presented by its clerical members. He lias como at no little inconvenience to himself, and I trust that his visit will be both pleasant and profitable. ORGANISING SECRETARY. Since the Rev. F. W. MacDonnell resigned his position, there has beon no regular Organising Secrotary ap pointed. Mr MacDonnell was well adapted for the position, and wo wero very sorry that his state of health necessitated its abandonment. We hope he is now comfortably settled at Bega, in the Diocese of Goulburn. It seems very difficult to obtain a suitable man for the work. Wo have had several applications, but none which we could seriously consider. We are still in correspondence upon the J matter, and at any time an appoint ment may be made. BISHOP'S LODGE DEBT. In order that the late Bishop's estate might be released from a heavy liability amounting to £2600. an ordinance was passed at the first session of this Synod, enabling me to mortgage Bishop's Lodge. The Aus | tralian Mutual Provident Society was approached, and a loan of £2000, at 5 per cent., arranged ; the remaining £600 being provided for by a special scheme. Delay after delay, caused ap parently by a misunderstanding .is to the security, brought us towards the end of last year, and still thero was no completion of the A.M.P. loan. Act ing upon the request of the Diocesan Council, I personally communicated with the Society, and was assured that they were not responsible for the delay. Furthermore, they claimed interest on the £2000 for a period of about eigh teen months, ultimately reduced to twelve, 'on the ground that the money had to be set. apart for our use. The matter was again brought before the Diocesan Council, when, after discuss ing the delay, which seemed almost in explicable, it was decided, being satis fied that we were legally liable, to pay the twelve months' interest to suspend all further negotiations with the So ciety ; and to await the guidance of Synod. Speaking for myself, I confess that the feeling which urged me to give my support to this course of action, was prompted by despair of the Diocese ever being able to pay off the loan at the end of the time specified. And, in this instance, I was guided by the ill response which, so far, had greeted Mr Whitehead s scheme for raising the re maining £600. I will .refer to this by and bye. Upon the abandonment of the A.M.P. loan, I immediately communi cated with the executors of the late Bishop's estate ; and, to be as brief as possible, proposed the following : — (1.) That they should sell Bishop's Lodge ; or (2), that we should mort gage to Mrs. Linton ; or (3), that we should mortgage to the Trustees of the Episcopal Endowment Fund. In re ply, the executors favored the last pro position. The Trustees have been con sulted, and they are willing that cer tain monies which they have in hand should be so invested on terms similai to those submitted by the A.M.P. So ciety. To me, this is infinitely prefer able to the original arrangement, inas much as it becomes wholly a diocesan transaction, and aftords the trustees a sound investment for their capital. On the other hand, the liability will be the same, and it remains for the Synod to determine whether it shall he strenu ously met. This Synod has already signified its intention in the matter, by the passing of ' The Bishop's Lodge Mortgage Ordinance of 1897,' and you are now called upon to reassert your original determination by passing a new ordinance, viz., ' The Bishop's Lodge Mortgage Ordinance of 1899.' Should this new ordinance fail to meet with your approval, we shall have to fall back upon the ordinance of 1897, or pursue such other course as Synod may suggest. Mr Whitehead's scheme to pay off the £600 is familiar to you all. The amount was to be advanced upon30p.n.'s of £30 each, and the in terest was fixed at 6 per cent. The interest is provided for by the Diocese, and the capital, by a system of collect ing cards distributed throughout the parishes. The p.n.'s have been ob tained, the cards distributed, and in a few instances, collectors appointed. The scheme has been at work for twelve months, and with infinitesimal results. It inay be, that some parishes, know ing that the £600 would not be actually advanced until the £2000 were forth coming, have remained inactive. Never theless, it would be well for Synod to know theexact intentions of the various parishes with regard to this scheme. In my own mind, I am convinced that, with a very little effort of fixed attention on tho part of the clergy, all difficulties would vanish away ; and having de molished tho £600, we should be free to attack the £2000. But do let us know what is really intended; and to this end, I hope you will freely express your opinions before voting upon the new ordinance. CLERGY ASSURANCE FUND. Another very serious matter which we have to consider, is the Clergy As surance Fund. When I was attend ing the last Provincial Synod, I made it my business to obtain for myself and the Registrar of this Diocese, an inter view with Mr. Richard Teece, of the A.M.P. Society, in order that we might have his opinion. Mr. Teeco was most kind and gracious. Ho wont carefully into the funds, pointed out its weak nesses, and has since given mo his liim-o deliberate opinion which is as follows. He says : — ' (1.) Tho only fixed and imme diately available contributions to the Fund are tho annual paymonts of £6 by tho various parishes j tho accounts for the last year show that these averaged £1 only. (2.) Tho other accretions to the Fund in tho shape of the proceeds of claims under lifo polioies may bo deferred for many years while the annual special collec tions appear to bo somewhat homeo pathic in character. (3.) No definite scale of retiring allowances is pro vided. (4.) The statement of assets and liabilities shows that disaster has attended the investment of the Funds. Of total assets of £1375, a sum of £885 has been invested in mortgage, and of this amount £500 ap pears to be in doubtful security. The cardinal objection to tlio scheme is that its sphere of operations is altogether too limited. No actuary would undertake to settle the basis of a scheme of this character where the number of beneficiaries concerned is so small. Even if the number were suffi ciently large, the absence of definite ness would render the scheme unpopu lar. Iu a Fund of this character, one condition of success is, that the contri butions to be made, and the benefits to be received in return therefore, should be fixed and certain. I can hold out no hope that a scheme based on the conditions of this one, and with such a limited field of operations, can have any prospects of success. I have only to repeat the opinion which I have fre quently expressed regarding schemes of this kind in connection with the various dioceses of the colony, viz., that the only hope of permanent suc cess lies iu tho establishment of ono common Fund for the whole colony, or, preferably, for the whole of Australia.' The Wesleyan body in Australia I has a fund of this kind in successful operation. The contributions consist of £6 '6s per annum, paid by each Minister, and £9 9s per annum, paid by the congregation to which he ministers. In return for this, each Minister is entitled to a superannua tion allowance, ranging from £48 per annum after five years service, to £200 per annum after forty-four years ser vice ; should a widow survive liiin, she is entitled to a reversionary annuity of seven-twelfths of this allowance. I have not recently investigated the con dition of this fund, but I believe it is in a stable condition, with assets amounting to about ' £300,000. I regret to be compelled to take so pessimistic a view of so well inten tioned an effort, but I feel that I should be wanting in candour were I to express any other opinion.' In the face of this report, what is to be done 1 Either we must wind up the fund altogether ; or seek amalga mation with a similar Fund in otliei Diocese ; or ? for a third course is open (q yg ? -\vq may allow it to continue its own tardy development. It would be a pity to adopt the first course ; if we amalgamate, we must do so on the best terms obtainable ; and if we con tinue as we are, wo shall be cioiii0 a good work for posterity, and possibly for the younger clergy of our own time, but a very little indeed for the seniors. Even here, we must be prepared for more self-denying efforts than this Fund has hitherto elicited. You will remember that last year's report was referred back to the Board for an ex planation of their conduct in entrench ing upon the capital contrary _ to trie Ordinance. Their explanation is, as I believe their report will show, that this was the only method of saving the policies ; and that, had the parishes done their duty by the Fund, they would not have been driven to that extromity. The fact of the matter is, that unless all the parishes are pre pared to do their share, as they have not done hitherto, then we must allow some of the policies to lapse. The late treasurer of the fund suggested that as about half of the policies could now maintain themselves for several years, we should allow them to do so, confin ing our efforts to the remainder. But such a plan would affect the bonuses of the self-maintaining policies, and therefore the prospective capital ; so you will perceive that even this could not be done without an amending Ordinance. The whole matter is beset with difficulties, and it demands Synod's very careful attention. EASTER OFFERINGS. At our last session, a resolution to tlie following effect, was put and carried : — ' That the offertories on Easter Day shall be given to the clergy man for his exclusive use and benefit as an Easter offering.' I regret that it was not added, 'and that the Church wardens give notice thereof, on Palm Sunday, by the distribution of leaflets containing the resolution.' For I am convinced that many parishioners would avail themselves of this ancient custom of the Church, to show their good will towards their clergymen, had they known that the same custom pre vailed in this Diocese. The Church wardens, I feel sure, would willingly do their part, to make this free-will offering worthy of that Queen of Festi vals to which it is attached. Let us set this matter right during our pre sent session. CnURCII MANAGEMENT. The Church Management Ordinance Amendment Ordinance, of 1898, I hope, has justified his existenco. The first occasion of altering the date of the Annual Vestry Meeting must neces sarily be attended with some incon venience, as only a portion of tlie year's transactions had to be dealt with, but, I have no doubt, that henceforth, tho advantages of such an alteration will be clearly demonstrated. I am sorry to have to report, that in one instance, there was a decided objection to clause I. of the same Ordinance. This clause provides for submission to Synod on the part of Churchwardens, Parochial Councillors, and District Committees ; and whore any reasonable objection can lie against making tho declaration of submission, I have failed to dis cover. In other, and more important Dioceses, there is no murmur against it; on the contrary, it is ho-u-tily accepted na conducive to the good government of the Church; and in our own case.it is '?ratifying to know, that it was intro duced by the laity. Would tho Clergy | kindly explain this to objectors, as I am suve it would remove ail scruples, MISSIONS. I take this opportunity of bringing under your notice the Bishop of Tasmania's schenio for the cele bration of tho Jubilee of the Australian Board of Mission, 1st August, 1900. The few copies of tho first draft scheme which have been sent will be found upon the table. It is intended to hold tho Jubilee in Sydney during General Synod week. That Riverina should do her utmost to make the scheme a markedsuccess,wo all must agree. Although we are poor, and in straitened circumstances, we must not remain wrapped up within oifrsclves, whilst tho whole Church in Australia is eager to extend the good news of our faith. Let us enter into I that enthusiasm which, wo are confi dent, the words and actions of tho good Bishop of Tasmania must provoke. If, as we believe, a Church is enriched and blessed by the very act of impart ing her faith to others, this blessedness, at least, may be ours. Will some clergyman undertake to act as Diocesan Secretary 1 For you will notice, by referring to the draft scheme, that, in. this respect, Riverina is a blank. And now let us travel far beyond our own Diocese, aye ! far beyond our own shores, even to the heart of our Empire. As you are well aware, that heart has lately been, and is still, throbbing with intense excitement, such excitement as was experienced just, half a century ago. Fitful pulsa tions reach us now and again by start ling cablegrams, and many must wonder what it is all about. It is a home ques tion, and has to do with forms of worship and teaching practically un known in Australia ; therefore that jspecially strong man, whom God seem - x) have raised up for the occasion — the present Archbishop of Canterbury — shall be our interpreter. In his Prim ary Charge he says : — ' There is much uneasiness in the Church just now, due to various causes, and giving rise to a good deal of anxiety. There are angry disputes, some of great importance, some of very little, and those which are of very little importance in themselves are made important by the heat and eagerness of partisans, and seem very often to be on the point of causing very serious consequences. And at back of these disputes there is in this case, as in almost every similar case, much ignorance and much misunder standing. The ignorance and the misunderstanding are by no means the sole cause of the mischief ; but they inflame and embitter and exaggerate all the other causes, and it would be unquestionably a long step towards peace, quietness, and charity if we could even partially remove them. ' I propose, with this object in view, to say something in my charge at this visitation on those parts of the doc trine n.nrl discipline of the Church which are touched by these disputes. ' Now, concerning the Holy Euchar ist, there are two distinct opinions which have for a long time divided Christians from one another. There are those who hold that no special gift is bestowed in the Sacrament, but that the value of it, mainly, if not entirely, resides in the effect produced on the soul of the receiver by tliecommemora tion-.of that wonderful act of love — our Lord's sacrifice of Himself on the Cross. On the other hand, there are, and always have been, those who believe that this Sacrament conveys to the receivers a special mysterious gift, uniting us to Christ in a special manner and degree, giving new power, new cleansing, new life, and even new insight into spiritual things, leavening the whole being with a heavenly in fection. This gift is something far beyond the natural working of our own minds. We cannot define it. It belongs to the same order as the things expressed by the familiar but mysterious phrases, ' The Communion of Saints,' ' The indwelling, of Christ,' 'The Church, the Lord's body,' and the like. The bread and the wine are no doubt figures, but they are figures which imply realities. ' Now, between these two opinions there can be no question at all that the Church holds the latter. The inward part of the Sacrament is declared in the Catechism to be the Body and Blood of Christ, which aro verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful in the Lord's Supper. The communicants are told in the Com munion Office that if, with a true penitent heart and lively faith, we receive that Holy Sacrament, then we spiritually eat the Flesh of Christ and spiritually drink His Blood, we are one with Christ and Christ with us. And the teaching of the Articles is precisely the same ; for there it is declared that to such as rightly, worthily, and with faith receive the samo, the bread which we break is a partaking of the body of Christ, and likewise the cup of blessing is a par taking of the Blood of Christ. It is true that tho gift bestowed is a spiritual gift, given and eaten in a spiritual manner, and the means by which the Body of Christ is received and eaten in faith. But this only declares in a certain measure the nature of the gift, and does not in tho slightest degree touch on its reality And the language used in tho Cate chism, in the Communion O flico, and iu the Articles would bo impossible if we believed that no gift at all was given.' ' I proceed to describo what the Church teaches and what it forbids concerning the proper objects of wor ship, and concerning tho kindred matter of prayers for tho dead. At the timo of tho Reformation worship had become very complex. It was c-f various kinds and degrees, and the dis tinctions that thus were made had tended to confuse tho minds of Christians, and to obscuro tho sim plicity of Gospel teaching. The worship of tho saints, the semi-worship of relics, of pictures, of statues, of holy places, and independent of all theso things in thomsolvos, tho very multiplicity of such observances tended at onco to encourage superstition, and to disjoin religion from morality, The tempta tion was groat, and sometimes alwosb irresistible, to give all thoso things an importance which interfered with , the weightier matters of the law. ' The powor of tho Gospel ought to be shown first of all in a higher moral standard, in the observance of truth, of kindnoss, of unselfishness, of sweet temper, of tender consideration ; and nothing is more fatal to truo religion | than to allow these things to lose reality in our lives while we give our I selves up to religious observances, However excellent. ± tie true purpose of religious observances is to sanctify the life by bringing it nearer to God, and if tho lifo be not really holier, religious observances are of little value. But, besides this, the perpetual tendency of depending, not on God's grace, but on the liolp of His creatures, is to weaken the sense of the duty of our own vigorous exertions in the spiritual conflict. We look for God's help in the form of added grace. Tho help will be within and not merely without. He inspires, He ' inwardly strengthens, and he calls us to fight. His help is ennobling, elevating, and sanctifying. The help that His croatures can give, if they can give any at all, is of necossity external. They cannot give grace, they cannot enter within us. Iu so far as we appeal to them we are asking for such help as man can givo to man, which, whether much or little, is not in itself a new power within tho soul. Thero is a temptation to rely upon this out side help, and to believe that if we can but get it we need not exert ourselves so much. And, lastly, which is more important than anything else, thero is an ever-present danger of trenching on God's prerogative, and approaching, if not committing, idolatry, not perhaps breaking the Second Commandment, but breaking the First. ' Let it be granted that those who pray to the Saints, if they be properly instructed, do not worship them, but only ask for their aid, just as we may ask a living man to give us his prayers. Yet the passage from asking an in visible being to help us is so danger ously near to putting such a being in a Divine position, that our Church dare not, ancl will not, run the risk. There is nothing like such prayers in tho Bible, and the Church of England will not permit them to her members. And for these reasons, and for other reasons like these, the Church of Eng land has swept away all worship ex cept the worship of God Himself. No worship is allowed even to the mother of our Lord, the blessed Virgin. No worship is allowed to any Apostles, no invocation to any Saints, and, in order to guard against all broaches and temp tations to breaches of this rule, even the appearance of such worship is for bidden. 'The worship of the Saints prevailed in tho Church for many centuries ; but the Church lias a right to learn by ex perience, and experience has shown that the practice is dangerous, and that our Church is therefore justified in returning to tho usages of the Apostles and that of the Apostolic ages, when such practices were un known. ' The Church of England has always practised a reverent roticonce in regard to what is not revealed, and will not permit her members to intrude into things which they have not seen. All prayers to any but God Himself in the Three Persons of the Trinity, and all invocations addressed to those who aro passed away from this present life, are alike condemned by tho Church of England, and are not allowed to her members. But to pass on. There is, of course, a very great difference be tween praying to tho departed and praying for them. They are in God's hands, but it is possible that He may allow her prayors to help them, and wo cannot point out any evil that is likely to come from such prayers, provided only that we do not allow ourselves to be led into adopting droams and fic tions concerning their condition. We do not lcnov., we cannot know, for God has not told us, what is happening to them in that other world, and we have no right to set up inventions of our own, and adapt our worship to such in ventions. Wlnt they may nee 1, in order to bo fitted for th.i final entrancn into perfect happiness, we oannot tell. We are told that there will bo at the last day some whoso work will bo burned, but who nevertheless will themselves be saved, and we see men die who seem to bo forgiven, but nevertheless are so full of imperfections that wc can hardly bclinvo them as yet (it for Heaven. They are not sancti fied. They have not that holiness without which no man can see the Lord. We have no right to invent ac counts of tho way by which they may be purified. We know that they will be changed when tho Lord comos ; but the nature, the mannor, and tlio process of that change is not mado known. 'To pray for tho dead is not for bidden by tho Now Testament, and is not forbidden by the Church of Eng land, and our ecclesiastical Courts accordingly have so decided it. But while the Church of England nowhero forbids prayers for tho departed, it nevertheless does not authorise tho in troduction of such prayers into our public worship oxcept iu the most cau tious and guarded manner. In our public worship we pr.iy for ourselves, that we ' with all those that are de parted in tho truo faith of Gocl's holy name may . have perfect consummation and bliss both in body and soul in God's eternal and everlasting glory.' This is the model which we are bound to follow in our public worship. Wo ought to confine ourselves within the limits here indicated, for where wo know so little it is a duty of reverence to let our words be few, lest perchance there may be something said which is inconsistent with that which God is doing, lost perchance we may be pretending to understand what is altogether hidden, lest perchance we induce others, in following our ex ample, to be incautious, and to step beyond tho limits which ought to oou fine all approaches to the very presence of God. 'In our private prayers there is noth ing in the Church of England teaching to forbid our prayers for those whom we love, and who are gone before us, but in our public worship there is need of that kind of reverence which restrains the language and which perpetually acknowledges our own ignorance — our ignorance both as to what is happen ing in the world of spirits, and our ig norance of how God will bring to a completion the work which He has be gun in Christian souls. CEREMONIES. 'Ceremonial is not in itself a matter of any vory great importance, but it touches our human nature on its weakest side. It probably causes more bitter controversy than anything else with which religion is concerned. It probably causes' more anil more ground less suspicion, more irritation, more ir removable discontent than deep dif ferences of iiiiportant doctrine aud of hardly less important practice. It is for this 'reason that, as a rulo, the Church of England has been more stringent iu requiring uniformity of ceremonial than in any other regula tion of her ministry. The ceremonial of the Church is pre scribed in the Book of Common Prayer, aud no departure from what is therein prescribed is allowed, except by the intervention of lawful authority in each particular case. To secure obedienco to this rule, tho thirty-sixth canon required that no man shall be ordained without first making solomn promise before the Bishop, and sub scribing to that promise with his name, that in public prayer and administra tion of tho sacraments he will use tho form iu the said book prescribed, and none othor, cxcept. so far as shall bo ordered by lawful authority. No words and no ceremony can be added to or omitted from the words and cere monies prescribed by and in tho book. The book itself leaves a good deal of discretion to the clergyman ; but that discretion is confined to that which is expressly givon. There are alternative prayers: in some oases thero arn prayers which may he used or omitted. There are other instances 'of tho same kind ; but except, whero discretion is mentioned, the book must bo followed exactly as it stands, unless superior authority shall intervene ; and it is to be remembered that the promise to d-- this is ordered not by any Act of Parliament, but byCmon — not by the State, but by tho Church. Shall we, then, spend our strength on these petty disputes, which cause so much bitterness and do so exceedingly little good 1 ) And if we think of deserting our Prayer-book, let'us but remember how much this Church of ours has owed to it during the last two hundred years — how it has steadied us, animated us, held us iu tho truo traok. Has it not beon tho moans of reviving ourenorgies when wo had fallen into slackness 1 Has it not seemed lo answer to our cull when we longed for more inspirit ing worship than we had been aecus itomed to 1 I believe that wo could not find anything bettorsuited to tho genius of the English nation, anything more sure to make us grow in devotion and iu that sober enthusiasm which is our special characteristic, anything which will more effectively bring men such as we are to love God in our deop but undemonstrative fashion. I pray with all my heart that we shall not under value the great blessing that God has bestowed upon iu in giving us that' book, and I pray that we shall be very slow to press our own opinions, how ever earnestly we hold them, in such a way as to lower that book in the eyes of our poople and in our own eyes, I pray that God may be with us iu all times of perplexity and anxiety, and that Ho may keep us straight in the path in which He has already placed us. I have the deepest conviction that, of all the instruments we can use for the true progress of the work that we have to do, both at liomeand abroad, there is none that wo can put by the side of that which, by Gorl's provi dence, has been to us so great a bles3 ing. God be with us through all that comes for the sake of our Master, Christ.' These are the words of tho Arch bishop of Canterbury, and thus does the Archbishop of York, in a very few words, sum up the whole question : — 'I feel confident that when this con troversy passes away it will leave be hind it a very great increase of know ledge among the members of the Church on important subjects which they had, never been required to study in more peaceful times. It will leave behind it a greater interest in the teaching of '? the Church, and a warmer attachment to the Church itself. It will be a golden opportunity for the clergy to build up upon this increase of know ledge and interest, the structure of higher religious lifo, and a more in telligent aud hearty obodience to the Ordinances of the Church. ' The Church of England occupies a unique and splendid position in Christendom. One of my brother Archbishops lias said with characteris tic force, ?; When I look around Christendom, England is about the only country where faith is not afraid to reason, nor reason ashamed to adore.' To her alone it has been given, by the mercy of God in the sixteenth century, without sacrificing one iota of Catholic truth or the Apostolic order of the Church of Christ, to shake off an. in tolerable yoke, and to escape from a I bondage of corruption. The path which she pursued was essentially a via mvlia. Such a position must al ways be difficult to maintain, for it is liable to attack on one side and the other. This is not the way of com promise — it is the way of truth ; for iu the present imperfect condition of our 'mental and moral being, the truth will generally occupy a moan between two extremes. To similar difficulties the Church of England, like truth itself, must stand exposed, but it is her wisdom to keep steadfast to the golden mean, between those whoso tendency is to restore even the faded apparel of a buried past, and those who would sweep away all its traditions and as sociations, to create a modoru re ligion.' We sympathise with the Church at Home, but we are sure that she will come out of this fire both strengthened and purified. We cannot ond without raising our voice in earnest protesta tion against that unseemly and treacherous practice, common with some members of the Church of Eng land, of joining themselves with her avowed opponents for tho better at tainment of their own ends. Thousands will flock to any quarter of England i upon tho vociferous shouting of ' No Popery ;' but when meetings are pre sided over, and resolutions moved, by well-known non-conformists, su'.h meet ings though organised by irresponsible members of the Church of England, can hardly be regarded as e'en faintly representing her views. Well, my brothers, how thankful we | should be for our calmer atmosphere. It is very pleasant to meet you all again, and especially you, my brothers of the clergy after your twelve months' isola tion. May ourintercoursoof the next few days bo fraught with richest blessings. We have gathered lioro to deliberate, to consult, and to act. May the Holy Ghost guide us iu all our deliberations, help us in all our consultations, and furtlior us in all our actions, that in every thought, word, and work wo may glorify God and Christ in His Church. ? ? 