ttrtttfflbnhfif" . imn anS CEItaff- By The Raker. | registering the baby, li is not every man that can go successfully through the ordeal of registering his first born. A youthful, diminutive, but happy father recently found himself in a state of hopeless confusion iu a post-office not 100 miles from Iuverell. This was changed to hot indignation when tiio registrar, who mistook the relationship of the parties, losing patience, exclaimed " Oh, go home, and tell your ! father to come himself. He had uo buaiueas to send a boy on such an errand. " a kelpie "drunk." If I am to believe a swagger, some sheep dogs must be acquiring very bud habits. He says out west he kuowB a Kelpie that regularly gets under the influence of strong drink. tShe gets drunk, every Sunday, and spends Monday in " sobering up." She first got "tanked" on a glass of boer. After that this naughty Kelpie learned by some occult meaus where beer oould be found. Suuday is her day of days. She disappears after break fast, and never comes home until the evening. She is then heavy, inert, unconscious — just like a drunken human well versed iu the habit. Iu short she is "sleeping it off." The contents of a mug or glass are never wasted by this liihilons canine. She thrusts her thill nose into it as far as siio can. To make the story realistic my inform ant should have udded that tiie Kelpie has had delirium tremeiiB. slipping thk gkowd. Earl Beauchatnp is trying witli indifferent site, cess to teach the Sydneyites good manners. Tho -Other Sunday wheii he- went to church a great crowd assembled outside the Anglican cathedral to vul garly gaze at him, They did not come to scofif perhups, but they had no idea of remaining to pray. He just trotted alcng the street, carrying Lady Mary's macintosh and prayer book like any other gentleman, and while the crowd waited for a car riage aud pair and John Thomases to dash tip, the quietly-dressed gentleman and lady Blipped in un observed, and the crowd dispersed murmuring dis gust that the Governor had not come to church that inoruing. He must have enjoyed humbugging the crowd, who went away reciting snatches of any thing but the Lord's Prayer, aud even quite for getting to say " miserable offenders, save us, good Lord !" . he voted " yes." One auti bi Hit e unintentionally gave his vote to swell the great Federal majority on Referendum Day. Having no doubt digested, or at least at tempted to do so, a lot uf MacLauriu and Hevdou literature, he duly arrived at the local poUiug booth with the intention of voting ugainst the. bill. He received his ballot paper, and voted as he thought bis conscience dictated. Returning home again, and feeling proud iu the beli'&f;_that lie had stood by his fuvorite colony iu her time of need, aud tried to preveut her joining with those terrible fellows across the border, be informed his . friends ttcoord- iugly. "Which word did you strike out?" said one. " Stiuck out the no— no Federation for me !' replied he. « a chat with a spirit. One cannot help overheariugcouversatious in sub urban trains when people talk loudly and forget that the partition only goes half way to the roof. A cough is quite useless as a warning, because in many cases the conversationalists do not realise that th<;y are saying any thing .absurd. Two Indies in the next compartment weis recently discussing spirtualism, and agreed that Mrs. Softsoap was genuine because she liud begun as a washerwoman, aud now drove tier carriage, which, after all, is a fairly good proof that the lady has genius -of a kind. "I went to her," said ouo of the talkers, " and 'said I wauted to speak to father's spirit, and when she told me it was there I said, 'That you, father?' an' 'e sez 'Yes,' Then I sez, 'I s'pose you know Jane's moved.' and 'e si-z, ' Yes ; I'm glad to know she's well an' 'appy.' Then I sez, 'Of course you kuow where she's moved to ? ' an' 'e sez reproachful, ' Do you doubt me ? ' and 1 said, ' Oh, uo, o' course not,' — she's wouderful is Mrs. Softsoap." Not so very wonderful, though, if her clients only ring up their deceased relatives in Paradise — or wherever they happen to be — in order to ask if they kuow that Jane's moved, Tiie solemn ceremony seams so stupendously out of proportion to the value of the information given and received, though one. cannot help admiring, too, the cautious ghost's- non-com mittal attidude as to Jane's :preaeut address. W thk old stockmaVs yarn. John Doyle's narration iu my last ' notes' oi the massacre of the biucks on Kangaroo Creek re calls some thrilling adventures that took place iu tiie 40's -on the Clarence. Whether through a spirit of revenge tor some wrong done them, or out of sheer develt-y, about the time I write of the darkies on tiie river gave the settlers no end of trouble, and now" and again they emphasised their lawless acta by murder or attempting to take the live of some hapless individual whose occupation compelled hiiit to live un isolated life. Old George M was.stiitioni'd at Cangai, an outstution on which he lived albne. He wus held iu deadly fea'r by the blacks, -rirnt there were several men of the tribe who .formed a plan to capture him so that they might put him to death. It may be stated ,that;M — nevep, allowed the men to approach within' gunshot of the hut in day time, and at night lie! always felt safe in the security of his dogs. There was little fear of his vigils being dis turbed, for the blacks were too timid and afraid — ' Riuglebone' (his Santaiiic majesty) always stalked abroad at night iu their imagination— to. attempt a nocturnal attack. They, however, cunningly put . their, plan .into execution, aud it was only the stockman's nerve and determination that saved his life. I hoard the story from his own lips. Said he — ' One afternoon I was at w.ork near the hut when a gin approached and asked for a smoke. I put my hand into my pocket to get some tobacco, and instantly she sprang at me like a cat, clasping iny ii"ck in front so. tightly that I was almost choked. While she held ou with all her strength, she coinnipnccd to yell at the top of her voice. I was in a position of great danger, for tiie she-de vil's cries had attracted the attention of five or six niggers, who were coming to her help as fust as they could run. Not a'tnument was to be lost," so drawing my sheath knife I quickly mortally wounded my assailant,. und had only just time to reach tho hut and get a gun when the wretches were within a few. yards of me; A. shot or two soou made them halt, turn, and. run for their lives; I have uo doubt the bhicks formed the plot to take uiy life, and I can assure you it was the narrowest squeak I ever had of being done to death hy sav ages." He told me the gin wheu wounded made towards Iwr camp, hilt she did not proceed far be fore sliu dropped dead. The remains were carried off and buried in aboriginal fashion. Aftor the encounter old M— — never hud any further trouble witli the Cangai dui kies. . ' ' n1 11 u a— IIolloway's Pills. — The chief wonder of modern times. — This incomparable medicine increuses the j appetite, strengthens the stomach, cleanses the liver corrects biliousness, prevents flatulency, purifies tliu systi-ni, invigorates the nerves, and re-instates sound health. The enormous demand. for these Pills throughout the globe astonishes everybody, and a i single trial convinces the most sceptical that no ' medicine iquals Hollowny's Pills in Usability to I remove at' complaints incidental to tho human ' race, i'hi-y arc a Meaning to I he afflicted, and a boon to all that labour under luternul or external disease. 