KURNELL AS IT WAS AND IS. THE ORIGINAL GRANTEE OF THE LAND. MORE ABOUT CONNELL AND LAYCOCK. DISJOINTED REMINISCENCES. Interesting and Instructive—The Haunted House—An Old Fisherman's Hair-Rais- ing Experience—Ancient Camping Place of Aborigines—Ample Evidence To Be Obtained Even Now. II. ("SUNDAY TIMES" SPECIAL.) Pursuing our theme—"Kurnell as it was and is"—of two weeks since. There appears to be some difference of opinion as to whether it was the site of the old Victoria Theatre, Pitt-street, or that of the Prince of Wales Theatre (which once stood where the Theatre Royal now stands in Castle- reagh-street) that old John Connell Lay- cock received in exchange for the major portion of his land extending from the southern shores of Botany Bay up a consi- derable extent of that side of George's River. Information gleaned by a "Sunday Times" representative from people in a position to speak authoritatively makes it pretty clear that the Prince of Wales, and not the Victoria Theatre, was the one that the builder of the old stone edifice at Kur- nell had an interest in, and it is said that Laycock lost heavily on the first occasion the Prince of Wales Theatre was destroyed by fire. From the fact of Laycock's Christian name being "John Connell" one might rea- sonably infer that he was in some way con- nected with the original grantee (Connell) of the country round about Kurnell, and through this, no doubt, came into posses- sion of the property he owned. We have tried to find out. SOMETHING ABOUT CONNELL, but beyond the information that he was a merchant who did business in Pitt-street, Sydney, nothing further is obtainable. In various quarters a deal is said about Laycock's house at Kurnell having been haunted, and there are many people in the city who aver that they have, in years gone by, listened to stories of the goose-flesh- creating and blood-freezing order anent uncanny sounds and uncanny sights heard and witnessed within the structure of which nothing now remains but a few inches of wall on either side, and a jumbled up mass of stone in the centre. Mr. Foley—there's only one Foley—was standing by while an old Botany Bay fish- erman related to the writer not a fish yarn, but a ghost story—fishermen are equally good at either, and, it goes without say- ing, equally reliable as well. The scene of the experience narrated was, of course, the old house at Kurnell, for that parti- cular place was the subject of conversation. The night was just the sort of night that unrestful shadowland dwellers revel in, for Stygian darkness, which could not be pene- trated an inch, prevailed, except for the fit- ful flashes of forked lightning that every now and again rent the ink-hued masses of heavily-charged clouds, and lent a weird appearance to the surroundings. Anon a boom of thunder would be heard, and, later, a flash more vivid than the rest would be followed by the crashing of some riven giant of the forest, that had stood CENTURIES BEFORE CAPTAIN COOK'S ARRIVAL. All this the man of nets and lines carefully impressed upon our (i.e., Mr. Foley' s and the writer's) minds before getting down to the bed-rock of his spook tale. The tur- bulent condition of the elements, he said, drove him from his usual camping place (the boat) to the shelter of the stone house, where, making himself as comfortable as possible, and placing his faithful British bulldog six- shooter handy, he curled up and dozed off, only to be suddenly awakened (how long after it was impossible to say) by an eery feeling of the presence of an in- definable something that made each parti- cular hair stand upon end, &c.; Peering into the black night, he could just discern- the outline of a shadowy form standing near the back doorway, and, after a few moments of awful supense, the figure glided towards him. This ancient inhabitant of the shores of the historic inlet had fre- quently heard hair-raising tales of similar experiences having been undergone by others of his calling, but he pooh-poohed them altogether, and sized the whole thing up as an evidence of the potency of whisky or the creation of a lively imagination ; but somehow the old chap couldn't bring him- self to think that either of the causes men- tioned was at the bottom of his own adven- ture, and, still sceptical, though some mys- terious influence had taken possession of him, he challenged the "thing," and threat- ened to fire if it didn't "bail up." But it kept moving forward all the while, as it laughing to scorn the poor weak mortal's threats, which were repeated a dozen times in as many seconds, till at last, growing desperate, our friend blazed away at five or six yards' range, using up every shot with- out in the slightest degree checking the ap- parition's advance, till at last it came right upon him, clutched him round the throat with TWO CLAMMY, BONY HANDS, and squeezed him into a state of insensi- bility When he came to, morning had broken—a lovely Spring morning, with all traces of the terrible storm of the night before vanished, excepting that here and there a huge gum or a gnarled old honey- suckle that had withstood the lightning and gales of, perhaps, a hundred years, lay split into fragments upon the grass. "A bad nightmare," said Foley, who had been listening intently. "I've had them occasionally myself." "Not at all," retorted the ancient one. "God forbid that you should ever go through such a terrible time. Why, it shook me up, and made an old man of me in a couple of hours." "Well, perhaps I'm wrong in putting it down to nightmare," quoth the effervescent Laurence, "but why didn't you try 'holts' when the revolver failed ? I heard of a place being haunted once, and the ghost scared everyone away from the locality. All in the neighborhood had seen it, but none dared venture near enough to test its tangibility- or - otherwise until one day a tough old customer came along determined to draw, a bead upon the shadow. He got the local baker to procure a revolver and six cartridges for him, and about twenty minutes, before the 'witching hour' planted himself right in the centre of the path the spook was wont to tread. Two hours, passed without sign of anything, but at length the midnight vigil was rewarded, for sure enough the thing that had terrorised the district for weeks before hove in sight, and, in true ghost style, approached the watcher, who waited till it got within three yards of him, and then fired point blank ; but the shot had no visible effect, and the other five chambers were emptied with the same result. Then the ghost-hunter, feel- ing that his reputation was at stake, cast the revolver aside, and CLOSED WITH HIS MYSTERIOUS VISITOR, whom he discovered to be a very substan- tial something, and pummelled away right vigorously, eventually leaving the unfortu- nate 'ghost' in a decidedly broken-up con- dition. "Next day the old chap called upon his friend the baker to tell him of the previous night's happenings, and discovered that worthy in bed, battered and bruised all over —reduced to a pulp, in fact. Mutual ex- planations (the baker's being given under a bond of strict secresy) revealed that the ghost and the smashed-up man in bed were identical, and that the cartridges supplied were blank." Reverting to Kurnell again, a rather amusing reminiscence of "JOHNNY BUCKET," THE SOUTH SEA ISLANDER, to whom allusion was made in our article two weeks ago, may not be uninteresting. A then well-known eccentric old Irishman (a Government official) resided at La Pe- rouse many years ago. One morning while indulging in his usual before-breakfast "constitutional," which meant a mile or two through the surrounding bush, some- thing in the undergrowth pricked his leg, drawing the blood. Old Mac, at once jumped to the conclusion that it was a snake bite, and rushed into the settlement yelling that he had been bitten by "a ser- pent of the most venomous description." Two bottles of brandy were obtained, and Johnny Bucket's services secured to keep the patient from dozing off. By and bye the pair were left to themselves, when a series of most unearthly screams and howls roused everybody within a radius of miles. All flocked to the spot whence the babel proceeded, and discovered Johnny en- gaged in a fierce war-dance round his ter- rified charge's bed, brandishing the two brandy bottles as clubs, while Mac. was sit- ting up, almost crazy with fright. all fear of the effect of the snake bite having vanished before Johnny's savage demon- stration. Johnny had helped himself pretty liberally to the brandy, and thus worked his feelings up to the war-dance pitch. That before Captain Cook came to Botany Bay, and for many years afterwards, per- haps, Kurnell and the country round about Cronulla was the CAMPING PLACE OF LARGE NUMBERS OF BLACKS there is even now ample evidence to show. In the vicinity of "Doughboy," at the nor- thern end of the beach, may be seen im- mense quantities of oyster, whelk and cockle shells, which are only found on mud flats, and which certainly were not blown into the sandy gullies of Cronulla, for there is no place nearer than Weeney, or Quibray— miles away—where they exist naturally. These shells have been exposed to the ac- tion of the weather for such a number of years that many of them may be crumbled into powder by very slight pressure of the hands. Then innumerable bones of birds of every variety are to be found in the same locality, while, now and again, the crude flint tomahawk of the Austra- lian aboriginal is picked up. The writer had half a dozen of these in his possession one time—all happened upon in the course of wanderings along the shores of this ex- tensive beach. Not many years ago two or three skulls of abori- ginals, who, judging by the state of decay their remains were in, must have shuffled off at least a century before, were picked up at the bottom of one of the sandhills. If memory serves, Mr.McLean, then employed in the telegraph service at La Perouse, was the finder of one. A PECULIAR PROCESS OF NATURE has for a long period been going on in the vicinity of Cronulla Beach, which bids fair to, in the course of time, transform the whole of what is now left of the thickly- wooded country between Cronulla and Wee- ney Bay into one immense sandhill, ex- tending fully four or five miles. A vast mass of sand is being slowly but surely shifted across the space mentioned, burying everything in its way. Trees that had towered thirty or forty feet high, per- haps, a quarter of a century ago, have— save but for a foot or two of their tops— disappeared altogether. One can almost see this utterly irresistible force moving along in its work of dire destruction. Small trees which stood out boldly—yards clear of the sand—a few years since, are now completely covered. This condition of things probably has something to do with the exposing of the traces referred to of the original dwellers in the locality. They were, and are, to be seen in the big gullies or dips formed by the action of the easterly and southerly winds, which are responsible for the onward progress of the sand. It is only a matter of calculation how many years must elapse ere this mov- ing mountain will precipitate itself into Quibray Bay, then Weeney (with its man- grove swamps and drift oyster beds), until both these inlets have been blotted out of existence altogether, and who knows whether the fell destroyer will stop at that —it may, and probably will, in centuries to come, fill in the south-western portion of the bay, and thus join the Cronulla section to the mainland. Cronulla and its neighborhood was once A FAVORITE HUNTING-GROUND OF THE DINGO, whose depredations (even in late years) were a source of considerable annoyance to camping parties and others, who made the locality a temporary dwelling place. "Billy" Rowley, a half- caste, who erected his slab humpy at the head of Quibray, and lived there for many years, lording it over the adjacent oyster beds and deriving a pretty considerable income therefrom, ex- perienced a great deal of trouble with the dingoes, who used to play sad havoc among his poultry every now and again. Rowley trapped one of these ten or twelve years back, and had him running about the house as tame as such a cunningly-savage brute could become. Apropos Kurnell, somebody signing M. M. Huntley recently wrote to a morning con- temporary as follows : "Kurnell was a grant of land to ray great-grandfather, John Connell, who built the house there. The place was then called 'Connell's Corner,' and was corrupted by the blacks into Cur- nell Corner. The whole of the historic place was eventually known as 'Kurnell.' The two large pine trees were planted there by my father, the late E. P. Laycock, in 1840." This bears out to the letter our remarks in the previous article, especially as far as the origin of the name "Kurnell ?" is con- cerned. The communication quoted was probably penned by E. P. Laycock's daugh- ter. 