t * \ pti<-w v ytt _/rnrc r one r The information was no unexpected and terrible that Frank feit the blood leave his cheek*. Pale as a ghost he rose from his chair, and looked at Donna Maria with dilated eves, From her confession he fancied that she must be implicated in the double crime} and. a feeling of terror seized him at the idea of the woman he loved having brought herself within reach of the law. Donna Maria saw his expres sion, and, with the swift instinct of her sex, guessed his thoughts. With a haughty vesture she Hung buck her head, and her exes sparkled "like stars on a frosty night it;- she spoke to him, "Oil, don't think I. have done anything wrong!" she cried defiantly, "What I did was at the request of my uncle. Sit down, Mr. Dun-el, and I'll tell you the story in detail."' She pointed to his chair with, a regal ges ture, and when he resumed hiB seat faced him with a wonderfully composed look. Site began her confession—as it may be called—tamely enough; but as the story became more' dramatic she warmed to her work, and finished with all the lire, and fui.v, and gesticulation of her southern nature. Flunk, sympathizing with her quick spirit, was enthralled by her beauty, moved by her eloquence, and felt that here v.-)* a woman to die for. "When my uncle took leave of us here to go to Italy," she said, "he called me into Ins study", and after asking me not to rc\ i id what he was about to tell me, made a confession. That 1 reveal it now is to save an innocent man from arrest." 'True enough, Miss Sandoval. Hut the coulcHsion?" "Was that when in Lima ten years ago at which time he married im- aunt—he had become entangled with a certain Associa tion called " "The Peruvian Patriots,'' interrupted Frank. "1 know all about that Society and its green mummies. Go on, please." ' Well. Mr. Great was bound iu sonic way—1 don't know how—to assist- this So ciety, under penalty of death. He married, and came to Jtngland, and tnougiit lie would hear no more about the matter. Hut this vear, Captain Manu el, with that £i(i,fl(H) which belonged to the Peruvian Patriots, came to London, and eaded to sec my uncle. In his hands—after remind ing him of his connection with the Society \- --Manuel p.,teed the money and toid him to look after it. My uncle did so, and kept if in this house. A week before his mur der he found on this table a Green Image." "Ah! a Green Mummv—tiie sign of death." "iVccisely. and with it a letter stating Hunt the money was to be paid over to another member of the Soeieiy, called resits.—a snail whom my uncle had never semi. Failing this, the letter declared, Mr. Great would be killed. Now," continued Alalia, "my uncle was so terrified at tiie thought of bring secretly assassinated—for he know the power and recklessness of the Society—that lie resolved to obey this loiter." "How did he know that the letter was an! hemic?" "By the Green Image. Only members of the Peruvian Patriots possess these tomb iniugcs. and .they are not obtainable in Hup,and, or; for the matter of that, iu P< i-.i cither.' "Is'iii! 1 suppose he was right to believe in the letter? Well, so he resolved to obey il. a-.id hand the money over to the mys terious Centa?" 'A cs: but he wished to do so without let iii-.g Manuel know, as lie was afraid lest Manuel, enraged at the want of faith shown to hrm by the Society, might take ihc law into his own hands, and assassinate liini. Parrel could not help laughing. "My dear lady," said he, "1 am afraid Mr. Grc- nt mm-t have been a very credulous man. 'Hie law does not countenance wholesale murder in this country whatever it may do in "Hut you forget!" cried Donna Maria angrily. "My uncle's forebodings came Hue. lie was" murdered by the Society, as l.iie token of the Green Mummy left beside him proves; but whether by Manuel or OtMa 1 cannot say." "YV'hv," said Frank thoughtfully, "there is something in that; but we'll discuss the point later. Please continue." "Well, Mr. Parrel, my uncle determined to lake the money up to the Bank in Fleet st.-i. 1 and put it in his private safe. Then lie intended to write a letter to Manuel asking him to call at liis rooms in Duke sfrcci on Saturday afternoon. lie designed to toll Manuel Hint the money was in the Bank, and that if he wanted to. see it t hr-ve he could ask Mr. Mass to show it to him. fn the meantime I was to go to the Hank on Saturday morning on the pretence of getting the tickets for the journey— ■\vhirii had beeD purposely left behind-—and get the money." "Hut how were you to open the safe?' "Why, Air. Great gave me his private key." "Oh, J understand; but," added Darrel, "if you were to take away the money, and Captain Manuel was to be told in the after noon that he could see it in the safe the whole thing would come out, as the money won id not be there for him to see." "Not at all. You forget that it was Sa tui ■.'.ay. and Captain Manuel could not look into the safe before Monday morning. Now, my uncle intended to give the money to Centa. on Saturday nignt and then go oil to Italy: so, you see, there was absolutely no danger." "A very, pretty plot," said Darrel dryly. "So vou agreed to assist in it?' Donna Maria flushed red, and responded rather haughtily—"! am from Lima, and I know how terrible is the vengeance of the Pel uvian Patriots when they are betrayed. I assisted my uncle to save his life." "So it fell out as planned?" "Yes, Mr. Greut took the money up on Friday, and placed it in the safe, with Mr. Fass as a witness. Then he went to his 519 rooms and telegraphed to me to do my i part. I went up on Saturday morning on the pretence of getting the tickets, and saw Mr. Vass in my uncle's private room, ] To get rid of him 1 asked him for a glass ; of water. He left the room, and I at once , opened the safe with the key given to me ■ by my uncle. When Mr. Vass returned I with the water the safe was locked again, and I had the notes in my pocket. In the afternoon I went to Mr. Grent's rooms and gave him the money. Then I said good-bye, and came away, lily uncle told me that he bad seen Captain Manuel." "Yes, I konw Manuel called; Meek said so; and. I suppose Grent told liim to look into the safe on Monday. As a matter of fact he did not do so until Tuesday or Wednesday, and then Vass discovered the loss. But tell me. how did Mr. Grent hope to'pacify Manuel?" "By absence. He intended to write from Italy, and tell him that he had given the money to Cent a; and as he proposed to re main abroad for some time, he thought that Manuel's anger would abate, and he would not wish to harm him when he re turned." ''I 6ee," said Frank thoughtfully. . "I must say that Mr. Grent' prodded for his own safety remarkably well." "And all in vain, poor man," sighed Maria, "since he was killed by the Society." "I don't believe he was," said Darrel bluntly. "But the Green Image?" "Wihsut about the returned money, Miss Sandoval? Why should the Society in struct Manuel, or Centa, to kill Grent and rob his body, then give bock the money to itself? That's robbing Peter to pay Paul with a vengeance." "So it is. 1 can't, understand it at all." "Then again," said Frank, warming, "did you not- take two tickets from the Bank?" "I don't know. Mr. Grent mentioned only one ticket, and it was in an enve lope. Hut now you mention it, Mr. Barrel, the envelope was rather bulky; there might have been two tickets." "There were: one for Mr. Grent, the other for Miss Hargone. She liad arranged to elope with Grent; at least, she fooied hint into believing so, but instead of going she Bent Julia Brawn, disguised in that fawn-coloured mantle. Then Grent was killed." "By whom?" asked Maria, much agitated. "I can't say. Perhaps that Centa. you speak of got wind that Grent was bolting with the money to Italy, and followed to kill hint. But who can tell? It is all a mystery." "I don't wish to speak ill of the dead," said Marin, with a sigh, "but it seems to me that my uncle was acting very badly. That he should deceive my poor aunt, who loved him so- dearly!" And a tear trickled down her face. Darrel said nothing, but he was quite sa tisfied that lie knew the extent of Grent's villainy. He had stolen the £10,000 in such a way as to throw the blame on Vass. and he had intended to fly to South Ameaica with Lvdia IJavgone, deserting his wife for a woman who had deceived him at the last. Hut Providence, which rules all things, had thwarted his evil plans, and instead of get ting aw?;- with the fruits of his iniquity he bad met with a cruel death at the hands of an unknown man. As he had sown, so had he reaped. "Let me ask you one thing," said Dai tel. as he took his leave; "why did yon not tell us this before?" "Because, in the first place, I promised my unele to keep silent; and in the second, he told mc that if 1 spoke the Society— since he hoped lo escape it—might kill my aunt. It was for her sake that I kept silent." "Lies! Lies! Lies!" thought Darrel. "What a liar Grent was." When he got back to town lie saw Tony and told him the whole story, whereat the detective was much pleased. . "Didn't 1 say that Grout stole the money!" said he, slapping his thigh. "What a plot to get it, the cunning old fox! J'm almost loth to catch and hang the man who killed him.'' "The hare runs yet on the mountains," said Darrel drily, and took his leave of the jubilant detective to go lmmc and dream of Maria. The interview with her had left him more in love than ever. Next morning he was hardly awake when j Tony, wildly exeiied, burst into his bed room, and executed a kind of war- dance. "I've found the tramp who robbed the dead body of Julia Brawn," he cried, "and he gave up this locket, which )ip took from her neck. See! See! It is of gold, with letters 'G.Y. to J.B." That is the lover to the lass." . "The lover of .Julia Brawn?" said Darrel, jumping out of bed. "Yes, yes; the man who was with her on that night. The mjm who killed Grent!" "Hut his name—his name?" '"l.ook at. the initials, <i.Y — GutittlVUS | He is the murderer! . 