A Quiet Lodger, j Bj- DOECTTHUA _ f fc- te. ' ODFTBIGSX.f I 3t£is. ESatSMi. =1: vrz? ILL-IS.. i?;1:-! 4 £sy ijLr iers. TJnt ztvj £- 2L£7 '- $2! i- gUPfi tEl' T<T fafX "»" ? texxe '- — fireua quarror. fee 5---.-.-T - Hocklar.. sEe «-i wife «.f £ westeo-io ' ErZrfiftiZnaZU Ti» Eire ?-:-:-u :.--';-5i:el "zz tszK- I test writ Mrs. Dir-.aurt' £ «wa fiefsnies: kss-il Etuufi. secerned ro 5:'-:- "' ;.y- gattecfic; fat srod disptnfag of izszrifcs EzfcrssatSMu | No saltier w3» cxsae to see Mat Eotifaa; i: > we IS w L'tfazi fce wcecSfi eo en swsy ztej ritter try at Ssxss coe pseje or . dcws, eso- (aaisj it te.K cce of bis loiena friesfis. . Ami fi bad te»s toSxj. . IsiedM 7<n u Seep a Hc&ect; «g> itfcst; bay «f yours," sEefcad evajrEarfeslly re marked-- "It's 5n mrr rsvzrn list fee's coile gsa ca tteHxzzsiozi woaxsT' .—: -:: :.".M!wEaiS:i5ae?r"-2fld tfce 632 W«£22£ fas uSuSn."' ' . vOh, atefs-SterwSSowefi- Joka HxetSsob. . who was Is iiie eoStee Ese. -.-'Her /ottiiiae fe -xilris&t.; » dSt;.Ds S pKc zR'S be Mfeftn ro.-t; peajfe: aa Cfca»!fe CnljJjj. /or festxianr-laer exaae faa'c rajihiD? cf tfcc -sore..-.'. Cftzdse talks of ter.- as -baring -bee: rety— wefl. lig&tia; ber craadare, aa3.-so Ixr 25 1 tsog- yc o. sbe Dnose msHr't sste t? for wogld :ir ..: flo»I pajffis, .a,"" excizfcaed Mee. Dia- tsstt, ZgEiit- Her feiiedial Tisxis to Issdaa . always Sinicd.lKr s liitfe; after t fee deep peace of ber e«2a7 home. m-i snr tfa< ccsaia; iSiuiKS ®o Use top of It .>.-: -The i&a; of Nedevea dieaois; of nany- faj e peso ef tist rirt. . I «eU bw« tiusi oJ eocsenzicg to It. : Of coarse, I shall speak ro Ned imrnedfauetr."' This, toiteta-, fcsal an proved possible, fertte rewelsfioa bod txkeri place witbla tbe ha Iglf boor -of Mrs. Disnart's sojourn fat town; -. and tise CEaring Cross ; station. cialUKT Ned dstKdlr tosajBsla! Ms mo ther, was Dot the. pSasx for w serrtoas an ei- 2st&e.; There was therefore nothing for it bet to wait for Xefs next visit, which did not txfce place for a -fortnight later; far the 7«sj man, who had stepped Into the linb cess shoes of his dead father, was too beers fct his wort to be libera with his own hoil- dtjt. - During the integral of suspense that fol lowed. Mrs. Dinnarfs servants had occasion for rernarilcp that their mistress's- temper was shorter than txsnal, and that the plntap and lively old lady neither took anr Mea sure In the trim and orderijr gardes, nor bostled a boot her pretty and roatnr cottage as was her wodc Even tee.. last . of the dahlias were allowed to rot on their stalks; and, 'trite contrary to ber baUt, to litter the beds with their petals, instead of bright ening the rooms indoors, Mrs. Dinnart came of a etoeS: in which KespectsbUity- wiib a big initial, stood before all other Tlr- tties; tad wheiKver--she.wnt, and whatever the- liM 'juriDg ihls fonrigaTtrie imasn of that ifghl",da5Shter-in-htef, whh which she felt herself threatened, ,caE» letweea her and fhert' pe/ce. J 'tK. ' -1 J Thebip'.-e!.eil day eajat last, bat, Su- stead\t it JJgiiteJtiteg-jher "fares, it broosht with i t"-vh e t hlo'f ro as Xed's own Ves, mother. It is perfectly tree." i»e said, with caliesltatins eheerfulaess. In an swer to her very first tjn&stloc.; "My happi ness Is lioand cp with Bessie Harrison, and I meant to lei! yon so to-day. at any rate. I wanted to innbe snre first that I had a chnnc-e. so I spoke to Let on Thursday, and — well, now our engagement depends only on your consent." Xed was a fine young fellow of 25, with a wonderfully fresh color for a business man, and he looted his mother straight la the eyes as he spoke. "That you shall never have," came In a burst from the peppery old lady. "X have heard all about this Mrs. Harrison, and I tell you that sooner than see yon married to this — person, I would rather never again see your face." "You have heard all about ber?" repeated Ned, astonished, "and from whom on earth, pray?"' "From Fanny Hot-kins, and most providen tial it is that I happened to look in there on my way to the station." Ned's still boyish Hps curled scornfully. "And what has she been daring to say of iny Bessie?" "Your Bessie! Oh, Ned" Mrs. Dinnart "s round face grew dark red at this audacity. "You Eurely won't go on calling her your Bessie when X tell you that Fanny Hoeklas has beard the most shoeklng tales of her from a Mr. — Mr. Cralgley, I think he was called." This time there came a rather ugly look Into Ned's blue eyes. "Yes, that's what he's called, sure enough," he said grimly. "I might have known that there was bound to be something of the sort. I ltnow the man, mother, and I'll tell you why he throws mud at Bessie; it's because she bas refused him and be cause he's a sneak. But the mud can't stick on Bessie: she's as honest a woman as ever lived— I pledge you my word for that, mother, and the only one whom I shall ever wish to make my wife." "Never with iny consent!" retorted Mrs. Dinnart, still la the height of the excitement Into which she bad worked herself. "Atl this only shows yonr Infatuation, yonr utter foolishness." "But, mother. If you would only listen to me." "No, no, no"' And the Irascible 1UU9 vital; innnXy cla ps-uS 5>sr lair- Is ever her j ears Ja> nmfer to sits cox tin- Ere ' Mrs- » £J'- hie vis: to-beir sires. isE lie cili-:- j; Eltsi re bsre p esexsei ss- Eer xs tiSECi C'fi SV-— -1 1 -T,- Si so sir- -elri. ev«3 52 -As-i shss is 7-icr faas word. sntfilarT s-s£-r-; Nefi. iso Eci 5 ore a Rssfe os-kei . Do i'-z iEsailsaeiy rsfsse ro iameaasm scr .es- "Al-K-isretly sad eaiirtiy." Slooe v««s are bissre tsi iajge for j/jgzsS. I sasst edge f-.-r jvn- I«diK>esze<l to terefleefsas- - "Trey weU." fee sait-afier a -CIIsspb, asfi speaiing szwrt njclreSy, "I shall -wail.". "For Trtat?r "For yc-arr tacsesE' I-faaaw I shiB-gxia- it ha Uehci Of ri»S29e,'.y«Q haow as well £S.X cs> istt I dvaTsml'h hjally, tat 1 to't sneam to.taasry, witbcct it— ia. fxet. ! pro- ivzM-1 fssbexioes; :ts>— ®»-.I-;shaIl -.Jest wait. Besie win andeisizad. / . "Yra23i have tb1 wait a Xasr si sue," said kcx bisaaz, with; an atueaspt at a sseer, «f xiicb. however, her cssteady voice autde a lamentable taiisre.- . -That nay be;" replied Ned. who 'had Qtia recovered his temper by this time, G«-1 shht,n>iK7,Ta o? fbc a cigar.? Beiag , the remainder of bis two days" virit tiae BM»E!easous;iubie« was not again toccbed - upon, for Mrs- DianarL. aitlaoogh by.: the desire of retcreing to the rixy?, feit baSed by her son's quiet ebeer- fuiness atad'Ofarlocs dereraefasaxlost to avoid the s-ie joisLs. It was only oa Monday morning, and with ooiy fire aimctes to Stare for the catching of his trzis, that she found coaiage to make another effort. -Esre yoa considered whafc l told yon the other day, Ned?" she bicrted out at lie very last moment, vrm yoc'ssill bold to your re solve of sticking to that woman?" "It by "that woman' you me«n Bessie Har rison," replied Ned readiiy, "by ail means- yes. I haven't changed my m't" since Sat urday. Never mind, mother, it'll come ail right in the end, I know it wiH." r TTith that he .was gone, leaving' Mrs. Din nart in an almost.-desperate .state of. xnind. Ned had always puzzled her, and sometimes frightened her, although she had never heard even one harsh word from his lips. ft was strange isow : he managed to be both an ideally dntifal.son and yet invariably to have his own way. It, had been so since he wa® a little boy, but it should not be so this rim- — so ifrs. Dinnart told herself. Ned, merawbil -was speeding towards town, thoughtful, but -scarcely . crestfallen. He was too weil . acquainted with his mo thers temper,' her impnlses and her tongue to take . any of ithsse things for; more than tbey were worth, and he. knew .the golden heart which lay at the bottom of It alt far too jve!i. even to think'of despairing. De spite his 25 and her® years, he was, in fact, far the more, reasonable petson of the two. having inherited. Us father's easy temper to gether with his riear sight 'and cooi head. Dating from this point the intercourse be tween mother and son. although presenting to the uninitiated no outwardly perceptible difference, became in reality a species of dun-h daeL To Mrs. Dinnart. personally, an ojien dispute would have been far more con genial, but it was impossible to quarrel with Ned when be did not want to. During the whole of the ensuing winter Mrs. Harrison's name was not again mentioned between them, but each knew quite well that she was la the other's mind whenever they met. and just as Ned saw by the set of his mother's obstinate little month that she had not yielded one inch of ground, so couid Mrs; Dinnart. right through the midst of hU filial attentions, and despite his almost ostenta tious good humor, read his unmovc-d allegi ance to the widow quite plainly In his eyes. If he had his father's fortunate temper, he also had a fair share of his mother's unfortu nate tenacity, which, however, a large ad mixture of commonsense had in this case raised above the l»vel of mere obstinacy. It was the spring which at last wroczht a change in the situation. Something bad occurred to Mrs. Dinnart, while winding np her monthly accounts, whose size was apt to disturb her economical mind. To Ik- sure she had ao real csuse for anxiety, seeing that her children were provided for. aud the busi ness doing well, hut It lay in her nature to be as conscientious about money matters as she was particnlar about people's reputa tions. and to-day it had come into her head that it could not be right for her to spend so much on herself, being only au old woman, who ought to have no wants. Fortunately Ned had announced a visit for the next day, so the impulse conld be acted upon immediately— as. in facr, was usually the case with Mrs. Dinnart's impulses. "Ned," she began that night at dinner, "I have been thinking that it wonld be an ex cellent plan for me to let the two rooms at the back for the summer. The house is twice too big for me since Amelia Is gone"— Amelia was Ned's only sister, who was married last summer — "and I don't see why I shouldn't save a little money that way for my flower seeds." Ned began by demurring. His mother had no need for sarlng. he maintained In a some what aggrieved tone: she conld afford her flower seeds without letting her rooms. Bar, as usual, Mrs. Dinnart stood to her point. "It's not only the saving," she artfully in sisted, "hut It would be nice to have a little companionship now that Amelia Is gone, for, of course, I tvonld only take a single lady, and only If she suits me. It has occurred to me that you might find me the sort of lodger I want, either among your own acquaint ances or among the acquaintances of your acquaintances. You know such a lot of 5a Ixidg- £=d It weni-d be t-vfer tizn r;vri:j -vriet lodger, a-d. of eovre-e. fcw spteuU2tr U S=lte above suspicion- j I czm'r have anyone with chiiirea either, or with dogs: for they'B gather ts? Sowers and ; dig Eoies In i=y walks. In fact, it must be j s itsetoir wE? gives no iro-gi!? of any kind,- ; Yto yon you can find tae a lodger of that sort, Ned?" - "Writ m k>ok ahotrt." said Ned, who stsssfA ro: have dropped his original objec- tfcn to tfae idSE. Nfel did look aboot, with the resni: that i tfae early 'scmmer: brenghx a tew Inmate to ihe'tottsge. Tan 7£5 2 Mrs, Brows, aj brown-eyed, sweet-fared brunette, whose gEstle voice and modest bearing impressed Mrs. Dlanzrt most favorably zt first slghE Nor was the isspression a merely transitory ese, for, as the weeks advanced, the old lady was to acknowledge to nerseil that sot only In the partieriaxs of being childless and dogiess. but in every other point as well, Mra. Brawn entirely fulfilled ber idea of "a quiet lodger." Not only did : she give no trouble at all. but even ber tastes seemed to correspond cost fortunately with those of Mrs. Dinnart. Besides being just as fond of gardening as the old lady,, she turned out to. be . familiar with .several new; : sorts of crochet stSebes. and, best of all, possessed a remarkable capability for listening for hoars at a time to stories of the defunct Mr. Din nart's sayings and doings, as well as to anec dotes dating from tim nursery days of Ame lia and Ned..-' " . V' . . ' \- It. was only in answer fi® questions that she' ever spoke about herself, and what she then told Mrs. Dlncart was calculated to raise ber. yet core in that lady's estimation. The daughter- of a': distinguished-- hat impe- csmiocs olEcer, : she had married : at 17, by the wish of her parents, a man much older than hexseif. When she awoke to the reai- ity of ber situation ic was too late to do any thing but console herself with the thought that/she had saved her family from starva tion. Although: she did not say so, it was pretty , dear to Mrs. Dinnart that Mr. Broxrn'e death had been rather a deliverance than a loss to the young girl widow, who at 23 stood alone in the world. It was not likely that she wonld stand alone very long, reflected Mrs. Dinnart. ns she gaxed upon the fresh young face. Mrs. Brown herself had hinted at the existence of admirers, when she eonfidc-d to Mrs. Dinnart that she greatly preferred a quiet borne in the country, lite this, to all the worry of town life, where a young woman In her position could cot help getting ex posed to various ineonvenieaces. Mrs. Din nart understood and approved. It was ex actly the line of thought she would expect from a thoroughly respectable young wo man- In fact M r>. Brown came so tho roughly up to her standard In every point that, before a fortnight had elapsed. Mrs. Dinnart, whose likings Were as rapidly and as violently formed as her disliking®, ac tually inquired after her lodger's Christian came, and front this point onward. "Elsie" counted no more as a lodger, but rather ranked as a sort of daughter. Why should she not become ber daughter ia reality? The idea came to Mrs. Dinnart one fine June afternoon, as she sat with her crochet work among the rose bushes, watch ing Elsie Brown busily weeding a flower bed. It was rather a boid idea iu the cireumstan- ees, but so long as Ned had not actually married that other most objectionable widow there was still room for hope. Unless he was infatuated beyond all reason it was scarcely conceivable that he should resist the gentle charm of Mrs. Dinnart's new bosom friend— Mrs. Dinnart, at least, conld nor conceive it. He had never met Mrs. Brown— so she had understood from the lener which suggested this "acquaintance of an acquaintance" as a lodger. Well, he must meet her with the least possible delay, decided the wilv old lady, and immediately sat down to pen a note to Ned. For some time past he had been -ohdnratc-iy opposed to the idea of a holiday, and in order to ensnre his taking this one. Mrs. Dinnart actually went so far as to assert that she had recently noted some very alarming symptoms In her own health, and that she felt It her.dutr to have a busi ness talk with her son. This brought Ned rushing down front town In a real fri-ht speedily quieted, however, by the sight of the blooming face of bis mother, who ex- plained with a little embarrassment that it had only been a passing attack which had Irrmed her for the momeit "Then I suppose we needn't have the busi ness talk?" remarked Ned. with something of a sly twinkle In his eye. "1 don't think there Is any special hurry about it. There are so many things to talk altoni now that I've got you here at last." "Ah:" said Ned, enigmatically. "By the way, how does your lodger answer?" he In quired after a moment. "Haven't you quarrelled yet?" "Quarrelled: Oh, my dear Ned!" Mrs. Dinnart grew scarlet with emotion. This was exactly the opening she required, and for five consecutive minutes there poured from her lips an uninterrupted hymn of praise, of wbtcli the subject was Mrs. Brown. Ned listened coolly, lighting a cigar the while, for they were strolling about the gar den. "And she's not only an angel, but also a beautifol angel," was Mrs. Dinnart's closing sentence. "You never saw such eyes as she has. and the heart of a child with It all: You never did a better stroke of business! Ned, than when you procured me this lodger." "It almost seems so," assented Ned, a little drily. "But I say, mother, aren't vou laving on the colors a trifle too thick?" "Walt till you see her!" was Mrs. Din nart's triumphant rejoinder. But when ho did sec her, which was Im mediately before dinner, Mrs. Dinnart had , to own to a feeling of disappointment. Ned did net seem nn the least asteaa-irq v "B beauty of the young widow; -.fihsf tiff 2Exi«U5 mother catch Lis ,re . . upon her even ware daring the 'of dinner. It was sti2 more > . . . --'poiath /. re „o .owe E,.-t . ftiscqf zi2s Esotoer cad rc-cre:>i. tfc»r& so fsrifcer rcasc for s_-, r-- VCOt- ---.c >sc — --»ch b— -Est, Nei, 70a e2ni . JjlTlZlOtZt ggnitu I'jya j -tj j yj Bro-srs tbzi 70a ire szzrizz .,7 z It WOOM took: so rode- Whit do yen — sr, Ii 20" v IzsJ&aZr;'' rvpiiea Finally fce consented "to a | two days. wMci time was spent bv'tilj Ditmart in weaving a net of eoatriVin q for leaving the yonng people ttgetber.'sl with tnaeh success, ho— ever, f-.r hTOo, : often she returned to the hems ;o v | crochet work, or trotted out into ;ie „Jri.' \ to count tie roses that had ipvaed sfcl yesterday, she was certain to be'folloB! a few minutes by Ned, who seemed be'Dtj enjoying his mother's society to (0j The parting between him and ,b£ ,M-p at the end of the two days was 35 for and frigid as had been their ia:,-odtictia Having watched his departure from the t- dow, Mrs. Dinnart would have tih.-g fit dovra and cry. " " "It's a21 tbat otber -KQ-c&a;'r s.bc c-J tered. furiously. -He's got ber ia his lyl still— hussy! What win Elsie think of lh jj rnnnlr.g off ia litis way?" That same day Mrs. Dianatt atteaptrfi find ont what Eisie thought of tic;. b_r trbl lag out some apology for Ned's abruwa parture. T "All the business lies on the >.y Shoulders, bow that his father is rest," exaiaiaed- "And he's t<x> conscieatiosijl miss even a day If he can help it." Mrs. Brown said nothing, but Mr.-. Dictj seemed to catch the sound of a pussin; fid That was eaongh to tell her what )M Brown thought of Ned. The days thatli lowed made her feei still surer of it, foru-jj less she was very much mistaken, the qd; f lodger was daily becoming even quieter ri j less talkative than was her wont. Theb I pression which she so much wished to hi; i about bad evidently been made— on one si I though, alas, not on the other. j Srurmises were turned to certainty r \ exquisite summer evening, which the oljn j the young widow were spending in tliellni \ wooden summer honse, which stood at ft' end of the garden. It was past the trait bed time, but ao almost tropical night hi tempted the two. women out after diet', j and. once in the garden, the i-hana ot sis | light and of rose scented air hrid then a> E tive. "How good a week or. two of this sortf thing wonld be for Ned," ex'-laiined fi I Dinnart, after a long silence. "T.> ibintl j him in that stnffy London at this time i s year." ( "Bnt I suppose Mr. Dinnart will visit u again iatc-r on?" Mrs. Brown tinildl; Z qnired. - b "Shall I send for him to-iuorroiv? the old lady with a sly glance into the otbtn ) face. t "Ob. please do." said Mrs. Brown qnicYj J and then stopped short, blushing futlontjs "I mean, of coarse, that It would be nice fro yon to see him. and " ij But Mrs. Dinnart's anil had already il?| ped round ber lodger's waist. | "No. no; you don't mean that a Wt,"d| whispered emphatically. "It's just you irtij:' want to see him, and for his own sih| Come, Elsie. Don't be too prtulish to M ter a foolish old woman's vanity; my Ned a fiue lad. Isn't he? and you would like cp see hi m here again." I Mrs. Brown's face was by this time hldlsfe in Mrs. Dinnart's shoulder. | "Vi'ell, yes." she whispered, almost audibly: "sinee you have guessed It, Irj not deny that Ned. I mean Mr. LMtinart, hh? made a great Impression on me. aud tlut| don't think 1 shall ever be able to forget fcjfi again." Jj "She calls him Ned," noted Mrs. DlnnfK menially. "It's gone further than 1 s® posed." | She kissed her young friend «u the f®j| head. H "You needn't forget him," she deelsti® solemnly. "You shall have liiiii, Elsie,® I can get him for you— and I rather thiol |j can." I "But what arc you going to do?" as'® Mrs, Brown. "You surely eauuot supp|g that 1 want to marry any man against ojg jwill, and you saw how cold lie was loffae "Leave everything to mel" was Mrs. Wg nart's comprehensive reply, and beyond u»H she declined to go. J A very few days later Ned was the cottage, aud apparently rather put 'v at these repeated summonses. .1 "What is the matter now. mother? Jw asked, the moment they were alone. T haven't had another attack, have g the husiuess talk to come off this But it was anotlier sort of talk which Jj Dinnart Intended to have to-day, fr !T had made up her miud to a somewhat Iterate course of aetiou. Her anxiety lg cure the daughter-in-law on which set her' heart, and by so doing to sate-lj from the clutches of that other ' I1' wliose Image haunted her like a bad "jj had for the moment overeome all and the result was that this uucu'st- 1 old woman violated the confidence oeg young one, and then and there toll - B the Impression he had produced on her B lodger, pleading her cause with o B warmth of her nature, and not '"rj!C jp$ mention that Mr. Brown had le 1 Brotvu very comfortably off lude cd. Ned did not Interrupt her once « « spoke, but busied himself with r gfi sluglc leaves of the Canadian vine —for this Interview was taking 1> 1 | mumrncr house-and keeping bis face raK| nwav from bis mother, sg waltert breathless for his answer. ||is is very flattering," he observed at Big, nn Inscrutable voice. Then he paused if moment, and appeared to be refloct- ULl would It really make you Happy If igrrled your lodger?" lie Inquired prc- jUr still busy with the .vine leaves. H was assured of this fact lu a torrent Kwlng language. MBit yon must let me thlirlc over It. SIR, 'f0). long, Ned, X implore you; just if Of her suspense! Ah, there she comes «IK by the Ivy walk; she will have to pass jfirc i will escape from the other side, jfllnvc you to have It out with her alone." aKcfore he could even utter a protest the 58B. uttle woinnn had slipped out by the SM.....I disappeared In the direction of the fgi'n full half hour Mrs. Dlnnnrt waited Igfr'slttingroom with fast heating heart, iierlng what was going on In the summer III and Jealously watching the garden en- giloiigth. with a joyful exclamation, she ®Bd to her feet. From the direction of. Jgafinmni'i' house Ned was to be seen ap- aggiilng, nnd within his arm lay the dell- gSprliltc hand of her. protege, while: he flUl down Into her face and she up Into fifjf a inauaer In which it is only leglti- fflUffor engaged couples to look. Ijraiila the same week Mrs. Dlnnnrt paid ti&mt; her periodical visits to town, this ffirafwitli the agreeable object of making Hffljprellmlnnry purchasers for the trous- Xlm As usual she wound up with a call hSRim' IXoeklns. BSK it's come to that, after all," were the |||5 with which she was greeted. "Nod ftemng to marry that Airs. Harrison whom SwgW'd you against Inst yenr!" ajBrs. Harrison!" echoed the visitor "Nothing of the sort! It is a'Mrs. li whom Ned is engaged to." SBarrlson-Ilrowu— yes, that's the name. Kale say she found It more convenient to gjStiic ilrst part when -ranking your nc-' WBlnucc." fffgst that one was called Bessie, and this taEwiinc is Elsie." raHhlch is short for Elizabeth, just as agti> Is. I happen to know that Mrs. Hur- Soft's name Is Elizabeth." sggeiTlble light rose on Mrs. Dlnnnrt, but awls only terrible for one moment; In the gSalrciidy she hnd sunk back in licr cliatr, |8oiiic.by the humor of the situation, H nuw burst full upon her, niul was roll- wiStiitly from side to side In a lit ol' 1111- gMnilluhlc laughter. And the more she im|«cd the lighter her heart grew with the npjjertnlnly that now the ghost of that tor- jBgHSIrs. Harrison, who hnd haunted her ifigBis so long, was laid at last and for KKWell, you have made a pretty fool of 111c iBlfen you," she was saying, an hour later, Mtull.v to Ned, who replied with his ubuuI tftMlmlly: Kgjfflold yuit it would all come right hi the limBfUother, didn't IV" !|®1 thus is was that, for once, both Ned Wg&is; mother got their own way. g||| (The End.) 