RECITAL BY REV. J. NAIRN. " MAELEY-S GHOST," FROM DI0KEN8' OHBISTMA.S OABOL. After the rounds of applause which greeted the speaker had subsided, he prefaced his recital by sayin? that ho was giving an extract from Diokens which was considered one of the finest pieces of moral philosophy ever printed. Oanon Farrar said it was the strongest charity sermon he had ever heard preached. First stage: Marley had been dead some years, and old Scrooge, hi* partner, was graphically described by the leoturer, as Diokens has him in bis counting-house, refusing alms to a committee who calied'on him for a subscription and saying, " I«et the poor die, the population is too large." lie was then represented as refusing to visit his nephew nest day, Ohristm«s, when all his characteristic grumpiness was given full play by the Rev. Nairn, to the amusement of his listeners. That night Scrooge is vtrited by Marley's (his late partner) Ghost when he had retired to his room. The elocutionist lends himself to the occasion admirably, reproducing Scrooge's bombast an first, and then utter consternation, as the ghost performs its spiritual antics, and in remorseful tones bemoans lost opportunities fordoing good whilst in the flesh, and tells him that tqany surrounding spirits likewise suffer; and then before.departing promises 'Scrooge three successive visits from three other spirits. The next spirit that visited him was that of "Christmas Past'' which led him to hi*-boyish resorts, where he saw himself as a boy with his playmates, going through, many long forgotten soenes, and the tonch of tnnderness in the action of his eister throwarmr around 'hitn as a boy touched old Sotoifge's heart, and the heart of the audience too. for by this time the dramatic powers of the reoiter had rivetted their attention. -Here the effeot was somewhat spoilt by tbe leoturer ordering k young fellow to take his hat off, and as he hesitated, ' Warned him not to be snubby, as if he got into wiUi hi* " bunch of fives'' out he'd ga.quiok and lively and possibly be laid across hi* ktieea first, Bevertiog to his recital the 'Spirit then led-Scrooge to bis former emp'oy. ers, Fizzywigga, where Christmas revelling was going on. Here the entertainer's reproduction of Fissywigg'a dancing was immense, and created rounds of applause, While as Mrs. Piizzy wiggs, one vast substantial smile was tendered in a way wbioh baffles description. Then the homily was read by Scrooge, overhearing his former self congratulating -with hi* former shopmate, upon having such a boss. D.ckens' ever inter mitteut pathos wss we'I evidenced by the speaker's pourtraysl ot Scrooge, as tn the vision he saw himself again in company with his fitet love and again heard her plead with him not to sell himself to filthy lucre, (as he had long ago) and complaining tbnt it bad already taken him fron. her. From thsrtoe the spirit takes him to where the girl, as a matron, was rollicking with her urchins on this Christmas eve, when the father enters litden with presents which are clamoured for. Then when the children retire Scrooge, in •anguish, heais himself talked of as a typical, mean, morose man, by his former sweetheart and her husband. Tbi* aflords further scope for the Bev. Nairn's ability. and he oertainty did justice to every oharacter drawn by Dicken*. The third spirit that vi*itB~3crnge takes him'to Bob Orutchett"s (his clerk's) plaoe where he saes happiness amidst poverty. The sight of Bob's cnpple chili awaken* long dead *yt&ptthy.-in; ; hi* htiut, and -he uk* of the spirit not to Idt tfat toV die. The spirit <ju6tes' Seruge's Own words in reply, and says " Oh, let him die; the population is too large." They then visit Bcruge'e nephew,'whom Scnige had decliued to'vhit on the morrow. The nephew is io the aot of recounting hi* intone* iHth hi* unde. and laughing most hilariouely. which laughter the ao br so well i miuted ^that the infection beoamegeneral and theh6g»ewBSOonvul6ed The nephew's family 'Uien played a game in which /one ohootes the base of an *nimal which has tA "bs guessed by th* others. It was iBUdted that the animal eometimea grnpted and graWted.- ^nd it wa* finally di»- oovsred to be -no dther than Borooge that was meant This pMOtioally 4n> i*hed Scrooge s ed uoation. One Other eoeno, in '•which - Scrooge - eftw his own corpse and hears general rejoicing'at hi* death, makrs « better man of hitn; *hd when he wakes after his uightpiare another Sdrooxe is bora Allthrou^4he9«<Httog : wast>OTfMt,- and the tnas*ivft fofrtn 'of the tev. lecturer lending itself to the nrying chtfractei* heightened-the hu^or. The perform*"** Wa* enough to bring Diokens' spirit itoelf on to the bbards. The BeV. Mr. Oolwell complitnehted the lecturer and suggested that he (Mr, Ksiro; give another teatal later on in kid of the Hospital, and regretted that thto only cloul cast overthe entertainment Wssthe'factthat hts oolleague was -taken to that instiution daring tiie afternooni euffering frOm typhoid. Mr. Cornwall then proposed a Tote-of thanks tothe rev. lecturerj seconded by Mr. 9o&d;, Md^vritd by Mdusltiob. 