SENSATIONAL NEWS FROM THE ISLANDS. The Sydney correspondent of tlie "Age" .telegraphed on Friday:—"The steamer Ar cher, trading under the auspices of tlie ■Pacific Islands Company, returned to Syd ney this afternoon after an extended cruise among the South Sea Islands. Besides the : ■ Gilbert, Fllice, and Marshall groups, she visited New Britain. New Ireland, and nu merous scattered islands to the east of New Ireland. She brings sensational news from the Marshal! Islands. The captain reports that a tidal wave had swept over several of the islands, causing a. consider able amount of damage. Tlie tidal wave was also felt at tlie Gilbert and Ellice groups, New Ireland, and Feed Island. At Nukufatau the tidal wave was very destruc tive, and at Feed Island it devastated the native settlements. While the Archer was at Jaluil, in the Marshall Islands, a Ger man trading schooner came into port from the Carolines, and reported that the tidal wave Jiad extended there, eausing great loss el life. Captain Hitcliiield, of the German schooner, informed Captain Henry, of the Archer, 1 lint one of tlie Caroline Group had been entirely swept by the wave, and that ■eevcral hundred lives must have been lost. Captain Hitcliiield was in the vicinity at ! the time, and succeeded in rescuing some j of the natives. The same wave reached as far a.- New Ireland, but did not do much ! damage there, ffeveral massacres were re- j pei tcd in tlie Bismarck Archipelago. At New Ireland a trader named Peterson in formed Captain Henry that lie had sent two of his boats down the coast in Feb- I i'uary lasi to trade. They had reached the ■trading grounds and the boats were an chored for the night. Whilst the crews were asleep the natives put off from the shore in war canoe.s, captured the boats and their freight, and massacred all on board. The two boats were manned uy eleven ! natives, whose bodies were taken ashore and eaten. The boats were subsequently destroyed. At New Britain some months ago a little trading ketch called the Sea Ghost- started out for the neighbouring is lands on a trading (rip. Arriving at Nusa she was captured bv the natives, and the ■whole of (lie crew were massacred. One of the murderers was recently captured at New Britain, having joined one of Hie trad ing vessels. He was duly sentenced to death, and was shot n few days before (life An-hor started for Sydney. The German warship Moewe had started out from New Britain for Nusa on a -punitive expedition in connection with the same massacre." 