THE ROMANCE OF 1M SBEYSTOSES/ I AN AUSTRALIAN STOk¥l I (BY H. ARNOLD NELSON.) CHAPTER XXV — (Continues). 'Ho ffieeted me with his usual kindness, ana tnl,l mi- In* had great news for nie. He ftad ci/aw n- lil^ little sister to ask. her to rejoice wiili liiiu. ??Then lie told his news; told of a woman ecOi\ ami noble land beautiful, who for many muiulis ll(? bad love-i aud wcnsh'pped from ' I af.ir, wealing his heart away wiJi the sad con i ^linufui^1' that Ue could never woo and win *,.,,. i(ir himself. He would Inve been spared a'l that suffering had he but known that his ,viiv had been dead for over a year. The jnuvs had. however, reached him at last. Then 1K- liail put his fate' to the test; he had won the ,,jrl whnni he loved; she had promised to be ooiiii' his wife. Her name was Thekla Grey ' Unit1, an Euglish lady. ' -i was srruek dumb. I could not find words. But words were not needed. Boris was ,1-msfonncd under the influence cf his happi ]Kv.«. For the first time it dawned on me how IK,lili- and handsome he was. A gvem jealousy ,'inn' over me. He would need shortly to re iiu u io Russia: a summons had come for him, imr In1 would find time to introduce his adopt t.j «isrer and his bride to one another. '??lie did nor intend to return to Russia alone if Ik. could help it; he hoped to take us both will! him. . . - ' ??lit- ran ou. as men do, about the perfections ,if i lie woman whom they love, 'until my ei ],.Ulr seamed to strike him. I had halfturii al away from him, and sat looking stonily a, iv^ the Mediterranean. ? -i^abrielle.' he said, laying his hand upon my elioulder, 'what, Gabrielle, my little sister! ]j:[vi- you no word of loving sympathy for me [,i-clayV ? ?' m ??j'hen my jealous rage burst rorth. I etorm (.| n him /upbraided him. He was very pa ;i,ni with mr. When the passionate ou.burst w.iv ovtr. Boris began gentiy to reason with in'. Oh. why do people try to reason with urn i ;u«ouable beings over whom a sudden m;nlin:*»=- ha* come? It was ii 'fatal .kindness. imr fur that reasoning all might have been well. I would have got over my disappoint in in and become reconciled to tne change in I-Suii^'s? life. But he, as I said, b.gan to rea c ii with me. gently and1 tenderly: he tcld me ii.tw Tliekla loved him. I earnestly assured bin, -hat 1 also loved him. He spoke agiin of lit.':- Lriuidue.ss and beauty. Oh. how it mad ili-m-il me to hear* him reiterate that sa often! What a stately *ife she would make for him; lw\v she would grace her proud position as a piiiK-ctf*. and so ou. '1 cried cut at last against this torture. I i-iii.-ii :io.imst ilit? unknown woman who I con f:-l. 'i.fi.l had usurped my place. But for her. 1 might have been Boris's wire. -KovU hud been patient wlxen ottly he him s !;' had been spoken of disparagingly, but he j i,s: both Temper and patience whtn I railed j :ii;aiucJt Thtkla. | \- -(.Jabrielle!' he said, sharply, 'you surely i. :i: t. Could I. knowing what I know, make y.ju iny wifeV ?The sudden flash of his anger died out. and ii' asked my forgiveness for what he had v-ii.l. But the words had been spoken, and i:.-r!iins could ever efface them from my reeol lfL-iiiai.' A sudden cilmucifs came over me. All ihe. goodness that was struggl ng for mas ;. !,v in my breast, and prompting me to rejok-e imiellishly in the happiness of my best and nuly friend, at once left me. Without look !u^' ar. or answering him. I went from the l-uum. tiiinly refusing io see him again . before In- left the villa, although he begged earnestly !'. if an interview. -I found our where his fiancee lived, and wnui' to her a pathetic letter; oegjrng her not ?v- rain :a woman's life and liapp lies*, and irarning her that if .she married Prince Boris *iit- would make a fitter enemy of me. 1 -vnt the letter anonymously, and awaited a re ply. None came. I went to Paris to seek a i^rsnnal interview. Remember I was ruad iK'ned with Boris's words that had shewn me hj\v impossible in the eyes of man was the MTui-sing of the line that divides innocence I'l-.'in suilt. ?When 1 reached Paris. I found that Thekla anil Boris had been married secretly, and had jj.jiic a way to Russia. '-Jone! And Boris had not thought it worth wiiili- to tell me! Who ojii fathom the depths of a jealous woman's hatred? 'Now I found th.it I hated Boris, and hated Tiukla with a remorseless hatred. She had. U'i iliuibt. laughed at and ignored the appealing ii'-ht '. iiau seur io uer. -m/ uuuul x-utu! \v..ulil also tell her my story— tlie story of his .-iiMpred sister. 'In my possession, amongst other papers of :ii.s left in my charge once when he took a .i'Mimoy into the East, wjs the certificate of u:- first marriag?. Armed with this docu n:- in. I followed them to Russia, scarcely knowing what 1 purposed doing. The Prin * s- was alone at a castle on the Vc'ga. I had -:i;-n heard Boris speak of it, and easi'y found i::y \\\\\iy thither. I entered th? cas.le unob .iivvcil. and there encountered the Prince's wile. Thekla. Spare me the recital of what ui.rurre.i between us! I had no. msrey on her. sin.1 was a nervous woman, but she made .-.:r.e slight stand, demanded proofs of my i'-:ifiry a« Boris's wife; denied receiv ng my kuov before her marriage. I confronted her waii the marriage certificate. Then she col ir.;-s.c.]. ' . ? ??! threatened vengeance on her through her family. 1 declared my intention of publish ing :hc story of her few weeks' sojourn with my iinsband in his castle. She declared she l!:id not s^en him since her wedding-day. I hail her completely .in my power, and she glad ly accepted the terms I dictated — to leave at '.ul\; ' in; ('i sue. j. ouereu iier ui.\ tieuge, j-uii», i iifl indeed, believe me. I had no other thought than to make you both suffer for a i':n.j. as I w;is suffering. I also made her 1^ live a note so worded that you would. th:nk sin? had left you for someone elsa. Then she lv;.a:ne demented— 1 did net use soft words 'c-y~ and rushed, out of the caatie .into .the pifiw-y uight. I feared the arrival of ths rriiic-ir, and therefore hastened away; Some r-' the servant must have eesn me leaving, '?is i concluded afterwards. '1 was back at the villa in the Riviera nwaiting results when Boris came to me there, a sorrow-la den man. . 'He came to me with a sad story. He had hceii greatly deceived in the woman whom he had married. She had fled from him with some 'Jther man— unknown. The servants had soen her leaving the castle in a posting sledge on the day when he had been expected back from the capital. - ? ? 'I wanted to tell him then; but the hatred I'nsendered against Thekla by these few words was still- rankling in my breast, al though I believed she was lying under the snows of Russia. She eould not have lived through that night without. sfceLer, and the nearest village was miles away from tlie ensile. - . 'Boris said he was going to seek his ipfe; but even if he found her, he did not l^ke to think what the result would be. He wished the story of his disastrous tsecond marr'age to remain a secret Therefore, the-sjai-cb . .for Hie fugitive wife must be cautiously : carried 'He bade farewell to me, and:told me that when I deceived him, if I ever. dm, Ms faith in woman would be broken -.for -^v'jer.; 'Then a reaction took place -lii_my feelings. I felt it impossible to live upon Boris's boun ty- I was reckless and eatvles§-as to what became of me— a dangerous stale for a woman to be in! I was haunted by Thefcl i-s last cry. a« she rushed put of Droffsky Cas le. I left the villa secretly, and begiln the. woild again. 1 need not tell you what my life became; ,«ure !y a curse was upon me. . . 'On .Sir Noel En-ingdean's^ ??: f&ebi; I again* met Aurandal, and bbew him. Efe Was under an assumed name when he first tnfet^niei but uever by look or word did. ijfe profegB to nave previous remembrance of - jne. - ''On that voyage I also met Boris; the only tune t'haveep&ken; to him since I\left the villa is to-day. He cans^ to the yaeht, for what purpose. 1 4o not knaJfr-T— ' ; A '... 'The secret police service whom 1 iiad effl*; ployed to find Tbekla.. believed that you were she,' interjected the Prince brokenly. 'When the yacht lay in a Russian port,' she continued, 'he ,^aw 'me, looked with a j white contemptuous face over my head, and i left the vessel. ThJt was years ago. The ; yachting party, one of similar escapades, was i broken up. Erringdean and Aurandal went ; to Africa. I saw nothing more of them until thev arrived in Australia, whither I, too, had drifted. 'In Melbourne I met a man whom I— ah, me! I must not say it. At the Longreaeb. gar den party I saw a blind girl, the miniature du plicate almost of Thekla Greystone.. From ; her I leamt that the woman whom I thought j wa. lying under the snow of Russia all these ; years was alive and in Australia! My anger : against lier was almost dead now, and I ! would willingly have unwoven the web of eviL But ininy things held' Jbe'tfack. - For one thing, .1 thought Thekla either a coward, a martyr, or a ebld-hsarted woman. She had so faithfully— too faithfully— carried .out the terms of our bargain: and so successfully— too ; .successfully— hidden herself from her liusr -\ baud! Then, before I could decide, whilst my j mind ,was struggling between the opposing i courses of good and evil, I again, met Auran- j dal. Thora and John wei'e engaged. He ! loved Thora. but I loved John. To gain our mutual desire we plotted and made use of fhe_ lviionueuge. «e jjLics&trfs.; u — : — .... . | Suddenly she stopped. The ebbing life of | the unhappy woman was almost spent. I So the sad confession was end.d. Lady! M'Intosh's only .comment was to take the ,for- 1 lorn golden head of the dying Countess to her bosom with a m&ther;'s tenderness. The fast- | dimming blue -eyes were raised in grateful- ? ness tc her sympathetic consoler, and then j turned towards Grahame. . 'Go at once to Bellarine,' she just breathed; '?go at once! My atonement is sincere. I am self-sacrificing now 'when I ,send you from me in my last hours! Give them all my confes sion, and ask for me- forgiveness from all I have wronged, intention.; lly.w not- Go quick ly, or my good resolutions niay fail, and I plead with you to stay—;-' She turned to the Prince, .who stood silently at her bedside, as yet .too dazed and bewilder ed to quite understand that his long grieved ior wife. was living, loving, and innocent still. 'BcTie. my true and faithful friend, I have deeply injured you. I have stung the hand that brought me only good. .Yet, tell me that I am forgiven.' The Prince was roused from his abstraction at the sound of the .pleading words addressed to him. He stooped over her and took her hand in his. 'Gabrielle, ,my poor child, I pray you to par don my thoughtless cruelty in those bygone times. Love too often makes men cruel where only kindness should be. For any in jury done to my dear wife, Thekla, I can as sure you of her forgiveness. 1 have nothing to forgive now. All clemency was granted you an hour ago when I und3rsto3d ail. Fare well! my dearest sister Gabrielle!' He kissed the pallid face, and turned away. Jchn went with him to the door, half undecid ed. Then he turned his face towards the ccuch, and the look- of yearning love in the eyes upraised to his decided him. He came back and took his seat by the b d-ide. 'Are you not going?' th? Countess faintly inquired, her voice fast failing. 'I will remain with you a little long- r,' he answered simply. The look that overspread her face would have been ample reward, -had reward been desired, for his great act of self sacrifice. ' He would have time, he told him self, tc cany the news to Thora, his dearest Jove- He understood now Jier reasons for acting as she had done, and he loved her all the more dearly for it. How noble, and good, and self -sacrificing she 'could be, his blind darling! The short while spsnt in soothing the closing hours of this unhappy life would never be grudged by either Thora or himself. Just before consciousness left paor Gabrielle she spoke to John. Solemn, faltering words they were, spoken from the brink of the river dividing Time from Eternity. She told him of her love for him, and of her struggles with herself when the very force of her l'pve made her feel how unworthy she was t&\- love him. She was content to go. Life had been bitter to her; she was aweary of it all; it would have been unbearable now. She had never been happy: always the ghost of a nameless remorse was with her. She prayed that, when his last hours on earth came, the one whom he loved as dearly as' she loved him might be by his side. Theu unconsciousness came and continued until, at the end, she oj» ned her eyes widely, turned mutely towards John. He bent his head and laid his lips to hers, then, with a con tented sigh, like a tired child, she turned away and .nestled closer to Lady M'Intosh. A few moments more, and on an honest wo man's bosom the weary eyes closed in death. CHAPTER XXVL— AN UNREPEXTED HASTY MARRIAGE. The dying Countess's confession was told to the little_group by Boris, who, after leaving her bedside, had hastened to Bellarine. In the train he accidentally met Valkyrie, who, j in response to a summons, was hastening home. - He had partly told her his story in the con servatory at M'Intosh's on the day of the *'at home,' when he had also pleaded wi.h her in the name of his lost happiness ta. tell him where her aunt was. He did not wish to pro voke comments by taking his questions to any one else. Sir ,Noel h d heard tha pleading words addressed to Val, and, mistaking their true meaning, had grown so causelessly jealous c-f her. He told her how that on the day Thekla left the Russian castle he was traveling, toward^ her as fast as railway and sludge could carry, him; the Imperial command in 'Ms dispatch-: box. bidding the Princess' Bors repair to the Imperial Court at St. Petersburg, there to re- [ ceive public recognition of her marriage with their ccusui and loyal subject. . Prince Boris. When he arrived all was consternation at; the! eastle — the Princess hid fled. From that day until now, in almost every land, he had sought his lost wife, aided by the cleverest detectives; They had not sought her in Australia, nor on the vineclad hill slopes of the i Rhine. The simplest means of concealment adopted had, in this instance, been ?the most powerful. 'Yes, but Douglas Aurandal; lie who found me in the snow,' and used my secret to wring from me a reluctant consent to. his marrrying Thora— where is he? And why has Sir Noel ? v» . ... - . .. ? ? 'Was it you we fcund in the snow?' ex claimed Erringdfean. 'Yes; it was L' she answered. iUOKi JSJitui uy liei erne. 'Was it Mr. Aurandal whom I was to have married, auntie?' . ' ... 'Yes; did you not know, ^darling? ? Did yon think it was Sir Jfoel?' . Thqra was standing now like ^ome stricken creature; she. turned- at last to Sir Noel: 'Oh; forgive me, Sir. Noel! thave made a terrible mistaker^a lamentable one. Can ijo power undo the Words we hare spoken, afid give us both bae£ : our ; freedom?' ?JNp earthly jp^er, Thora. ' L/. too, have niacle; a . gceat &&W; terrible mutate/' was Sir ifpel's sad reply/ : ' ' ? vTUty' drove -4'way *° spend, a few days =»t Soiit-hto. Alaisl for them. They would try to ihak^ the Ises'p^f'ilfe. They sailing In -.?*!»?**, i-wjnis at 'the ttofe^: talking over^eir marriage, tx})la i :ng/aTtfa^E5° arraug5ng,50elr positiona Thora toiieSt^it hqd led ujp^p-their roaar riage day: iier|l6ve for Jaek.ymd the sudden ly diseoveredv8ecret of her annt's life on /the day she had arrived with ' her maid by lie evening cotch to Jjlouiit Heriot. WaUang .-? across the flats she entered BeUarjne -to take her 'aitttr by surprise;,; .. r .'-u'., \ 'I %&' sV surprised,' she added^ simply : ' 'X j thought It was to you they were alluding:' She told hlin she would do her best to at«one j for having mistaken him. ? ; ? --?—'. ' Errlngdeah knew that her. love was John's, but- that she would do.ier duty by him astun fiinchiogly as wh§E|, for h?r aunt's sake, she had sternly cut herself adrift from her happi ness. She had at least for himself fi-'endship; the repugnance she had felt for fr»tai is the man who was holding a painful secret '|n ter rorism over her aunt's head had vanished with her undeceiving. It was well that he did; not want the love of any woman butrone, and her he had most cruelly wronged in his thoughts. Poor Valkyrie! He walked up and down the room, thinking long and deeply, then he came back to where his wife was, and seated himself by her eide. 'My poor child,** he said gently, 'we have both,*! fear, made a mistake: but we can. at least, make the best of matters. We will leave all thought of love out of the question at pre sent, and try to be just good friends, and stand by each other in camaraderie. Many men and women marrying under a mistake have suc ceeded in living pleasant lives through estab lishing confidence between themselves at the first. I will do my best to make you content ed'— happy, he was going to say, but cheeked himself. Thora stretched out her hand, and her husband took it. ; 'And L Sir Noel, will do my best to make you contented, and, if possible, happy.' j 'Their hands continued clasped for a moment, j then fell apart. , ' i After Thora had retired, Sir Noel went for a long stroll to the pier to think over his af fairs and, plans. Even, in* the few h'ours that elapsed between the sudden arrangement and the marriage, misgivings had come to him that he was acting rashly, and the revelations of ! the Prince had made it clear that he had made i a great, mistake in marrying so hastily. His ! heart yearned for Valkyrie. He knew ttat j love fdrthe gentle girl he had wedded would ' never be his. He thought of the woman who i had really been the cause of all the wretched stcry, and of the sorrow her sins had brought on .innocent heads. He cursed the dead wo man, the temptation, and the friend, whom, ; he told himself, had .been his ?evil genius.; ...He felt in himself the grief that must be Gra hame's— both had lost the women they loved. Grahame was free, at least; wh'le he was bound. In that frame of mind he sought his newly-wedded wife. The Erringdeans went, to Tasmania for the interval until Grace's marriage would take ' place; afterwards they would form other : plans. . . ? ! Erringdean had thoughts of leaving Austra lia as eoon as possible, but now he felt a re , luctance to do so. Unknowingly he was l'n j gering near temptation. The colony held Val , kyrie, and he- felt he must look upen her again, perhaps ask her forgiveness for the wrong he , had done her; tell her how bitterly he repent ed of his cruelty on the moonlit terrace at I Holmhurst. He had explained to Prince ! Boris that his animosity towards them had i been engendered under a mistake. The Prince I had readily accepted the explanation; in h's ! own. mind he imagined Erringdean to have ! been the victim Gf a temporary aberration of intellect. i He and Thekla were going to Russii, and i the Siren was placed at their disposal for tiie I voyage. I Valkyrie wag away on a visit to a country house on the Wimmera, and would not return until the time for ihe wedding of Grace Gra lume and Dr. AndersGn. - Through one circumstance and another, Sir Ncel had not the opportunity of one moment's i private conversation with Val. until s:me ! months later, when sorrow and tragedy had softened and removed all bitterness from the : hearts of both. It was Valkyrie who. in the power of her I woman's weakness, placed these obstacles be | tween herself and the man who was her sis ter's husband. : . ? ?. ; -. . . She knew her own weakness' and' her strength, and through that knowledge strove j to do what was right. (To be continued.) . 