COMPLETE STORY. THREE AT TABLE, W. W. JACOBS. [copyright] THE talk in the coffee- room had been of ghosts and apparitions, and nearly every body present had coutributed his mite to the stock of information upon as to dcti ^.belief as hnpiotn and triumphantly quoting j tbo Witch of liador. somewhat marred by ^being complicated in an inexplicable fashion .with tho story of Jonah. •* Talking of Jonah," ho said solemnly, .with a nappy uUroirarri of the fact that be bad declined to innswor several eager questions put to him on tho subject, "'lock at the strange tales saiiors tell us." •41 wuuiau't advise you to bfliere all those," said, a b:uif, rleju-shaven man, who had been listening uithout speaking much. •• You see when a sailor gets ashore he's ex pected to hav<2_ something to tell, and his friends would be rather dis: ^not." .. 4- It's a well known fact," iiimrrupted the .first speaker firmly,. *' that sailors are very prone to see visions." MThey are," said the other dryly, "they generally see them in pairs, and the shock to the nervous system frequently eaiiiC^headache next muming." ■ 44You never saw anything yourself?" suggested an unbeliever. - 4,iTun and boy," said tho other, 44 I've been at sea thirty years, and the only un pleasant incident of that land occurred ma quiet English countryside." •'And thai?" said another man. 441 was a young man at the time,*' said the tnarrutor, drawing at his pipe and glancing good humonrcdly at the company. 441 bad just come back men China, and my own people being away I went down into the country to invite myself to stay with an uncle. When. I got down to the place I found ,it closed awl tho family in the south of Trance ; but as they wero duo back in. a couple of cays I decided to put up at the Royal George, a very decent inn, and await their return. . •*Tho first tliy I posted well enough^ bm in tho evening the dullno&tof; tin; rambling old jdacc, in which I-ivas the only visitor,, began to-"weigh upon my spirits, and tho next morn ing afier a iato breakfast, I set out with the intention of having a brisk day's walk.. ' I started off iit excellent spirit-, for the day was bright and frosty, with a powdering of snow on the iron-bound roads and nipped hedges, and the country had to me all the :charni of novelty. It. was certainly .flat, but .there was plenty of timb-jr, and the villages through which I passed were old and ( picturesque. * •* I lunched luxuriously on bread and cheese and beer in the bar of a small inn, aud resolved to go a little further before turn ing back. When at length I thought I had t*"gone far enough. £ turned up a lane at right utig;es to the road I was passing, and resolved j. to find my way back by another route. It ia ,u long lano that has no turning, but thi* had several. each of which had turnings of its * own, winch generally led, as I found by try \ iug two or threo of tlnm, into the open i' lnar.-hcs. Then tired of lane* I resolved to rely upon the srnill compose which hung [ from my watch chain and go across country t hoinc. * * I had got well into the marshes when u white fog. which had been for some rime * hovering round the edgo of tho ditches, r began gradually to spread. There was no I escaping it, 1ml hy aid of my compass I was ^ saved from making a circular tour, and fell t*' itistcad into frozen ditches or stumbled over roots in the grass.v I kept my course, how f over, until ut four o'clock, when night wm» [, coming rapidly up to lend a haud to the fog, k -J was tain to confess myself lost. F' 41 The compass was "now no good to me. t. and I wandered about miserably, occasionally [giving a shout on tho chaucc of being heard by some passing shepherd or farm hand. 'r At length by great good luck I found my feet un a rough road driven through the marshes, and by .walking -lowly and tupidng i with my stick managed to keep to it. I had ; followed it fur some distance when I heard . footsteps approaching mo. i' 41 Wo stopped as wo met, and the new arrival, a sturdy-looking countryman, hearing . .of my plight, walked back with * mo for | , nearly a milo, and putting mo on to a roau : ' gavo me minute instructions how to reach a ; village some throe miles distant. ^ "I was so tired that three miles sounded 1 liko ten, and besides that, a Httlo way off from the rond I saw dimly a lighted window. :' I pointed it out, but my companion shuddered i ' and looked round him uneasily. 44 4 You won't get no good there,' he said, botfly. . 44 'Why not?' I asked. 444 There's a something there, sir.' he replied, 4 what 'tis I dunno, but the littlo 'uu belonging to a gamekeeper us used to lire in these parts see it, and ir was never much good afterwards. Some say as it'f* a poor mad thing, others saps as it's a kind of animal. but whatever it is, it ain't goo "♦Well. I'll keep on, then,' I eaid. ' Goodi'irhr * ♦♦ He went back whistling cheerily until hi footstep^ died away in the distance, and I followed the road uo hud indicated until it divided into three, any one of which to a stranger miirht be stiil to lead straight on. I was now cold and tired, and hnving half made np my miud, walked slowly back toward" the house. •♦ At first all I could see of it was the little patch of liirht at the window. I nude for that until it disappeared suddenly, and I found myself walking iuto a tall hedge. I felt my way round this until 1 came to a ►mall fate, and opening it cautiously. walked, not without some little nervousness, up u long path which led to the door. There was no light sud no souud from within. Half" repenting ol my temerity I shortened my stick and knocked lightly upon ttio door. ♦• I waited a couple of minutes and then knocked again, and my stick was still beating the door when it opened suddenly and a tall bony old woman, holding a candle, confronted me. ♦What do you want?' sho demanded gruffly. '••I'velost my way,' I said, civilly; 'I want to get to Ashvilfc.' * Don't know it,' said the old woman. She was about to close the door when a man emerged from a room at tho side of the hall and came towards us. An old man of grout height and breadth of shoulder. " 1 AiJiville is fifteen miles distant,' lie said slowly. •♦♦If you will direct mo to the nearest village, I shall bo grateful,' I remarked. " lie mado no reply, but exchanged a quick furtive glance with the woman. Shu made a gesture of dissent. 44 4 The nearest plaeo is three miles oiF,' ho said, turning to mo and apparently trying to softeu u naturally harsh voire: • if you will give me the pleasure of your company, I will wake you as comfortable as I cau.' "I hesitated. They were certainly a queer looking eouple. and the gloomy hall with the shadow.- thrown by the candle looked hanlly more inviting tbau the darkness outside. " 4 Ton aro very kind,* I murmured, irresolutely, *but—* 444Conic in,' he said quickly; 'shut the door. Anno.1 44 Ahuuxt before I knew it I was standing inside uud the old woman, muttering to her* -elf, had closed the door behind me. With n queer sensation of being trapped I followed my bust into the room, and taking tbe proffered chair warmed my frozen fingers at the fire. 44 'Dinner will soon be ready,* said tho old man, regarding mc closely. 4 It you will excuse xnc——' 441 bowed and he left tho room. A minute afterwards I heard voices; his and the old woman's and, I fancied, u third. Before I hud finished my inspection of tho room he returned, and regained mc with the same strange look I had noticed before. 44 4Thcro will be three of us at dinner,' he said, at length. 4 Wo two and my son.' 411 bowed again, and secretly hoped that that looked didn't run iu the family. u * I suppose you don't miud dining in the dark,' he said, abruptly. 44 • Not at all,' I replied, hidiug my surprise as well an I could. * but really I'm afraid I'm intruding. If you'll allow me——' 44 Ho wared his huge gaunt hands. 'We're not going to loso you now we've got vou,1 be said, with a dry laugh. * It's seldom we have company, uud now we've got you we'll keep you. My son's eyes are bad. and be eau't stand the light. Ah. here is Anne.' *4 As he spoke the old woman enu red, aiid. ;yeiug mo Ktcalrbily, began to lay the cloth, while my host, taking a chair the other side of the hearth, sat looking silently into the fire. The table set, the old woman brought in a pair of fowls ready carved iu a dish, and placing three chairs left the p om. The old man hesitated u moment, and then rising from his chair placed a large screen in iront of the fire and slowly extinguished the candles. 44 4 Blindinan'shohdaj,' he said, with clumsy jocosity, and groping his way to the do«»r opened it. Sotuebodr came luck into the room with him, and in a slow uncertain fashion took a seat at the table, and the ?tr.t:u:es: voice I hare ever heard broke :: mImics which was fast becoming oppressive. 4*4 A cold night,' it said >low!y. 441 replied iu the affirmative, and light or no light, fell to with an appetite which had cnlr been sharpened by the snack in the middle of the day. It was somewhat difficult eating in the dark, and it was-evident trom the behaviour of my invisible companions that they were as unused to dining under such circumstances as I was. We ate in silence until the old. woman blundered into tho room with soiuc sweets and put them with a crash upon the* table. •'•Aw ybu u stranger about here:' in quired the carious voice again. 44 I replied in the affirmative, and murmured something about my luck in stuiubliug upon such a good dinner. 44 4 Stumbling is a vory good word for it,' said, tho voice grimly, 4 you havo forgotten the port, father.* 4(4 So I have,'said the old man, rising. 4 It's a bottle of the 44 Celebrated" to-day; I will get it myself.' 44 Ho felt his way to the door and closing it behind him, left mo alone with my unseen ucighoonr. There was something so strange about the whole business that I must confess ;o more thou a slight feeling of uneasiness. 44 Mr host seemed to bo absent a lo g tune. I hoard tho man opposite lay down his fork and sp«xu)< and half-fancied I could see a mir of wild eyes, sbiuiDg through the gloom like a cut's. "With a growins: of uneasiness I poshed my chair back. It cnmrbt the hearth rng, and in my elforu to di*»ncur.rlc it the screen fell over with a cra-h. and in. tho flicke*£ng light of th- fire I saw the face of rhe creature opposite." With a sharp catch of my breath I left my chair and stood with, clenched fists hestde it. Man or beast, which was it? rhe flame leaped op and then went out, and in the mere rod glow of the fire it looked more devilish than before. 44 For a few moments wo regarded each other in silence; then the door opened and the old man returned. He stood "aghast as he saw the warm firelight, and then approach ing the table mechanically put down a couple of bottles 44 4 1 b«g your pardon,' said L reassured ty his presence, 4 but I hare accidentally over turned the screen. Allow mo to replace it.* 444 No,' said the old man gently, • let it be. We have had enough of tho dark. I'll give you a light.' "Hcstrnck a match and slowly lit tha candles. Then I saw that the man opposite had bur the remnant of a fac^ja gannf* wolfish face, in which one unquenched eye. the sole remaining feature, still glittered. I was greatly moved, some suspicion of the truth occurring to me. •My son was injured some years ago in a burning house.' said the old man. 4S:nco then wo have lived a very retired life. Whoa yau came to tho door we—' his voice trembled, 4 that is—my son * 44 41 thought,' said ihc aou simply, 4 that it would be better for rue not to come to the dinner-txifcle. But it iiappens to 1»e my birthday. and my father would not b*ar of my dining alone, s** wo hi: upon this foolish plan of dining in the dark. I'm sorry I startled you.* 44 * I am sorry/ said T, as I reached across the table and gripped Lis hand, ^thatlam such a fool; but it was only in the dark thai you startled me/ From a faint tiugc in the old man's cheek and a certain plen.-ant softening oryhe poor solitary eye in front of me I secretly con gratulated nn'scif upon ibis bit remark. *44 We never .see a friend,* said theohl man, apologetically, 4nnd the temptation t»> have company Wn> too much for as. Besidv. I don't kr.uw what else yon could have done/ * h'ohing else half so good, I'ru surf,' said I. 4 Co ne/ said rr.v host, with almost a sprightly air. 4 Now we know each other, draw.your chairs to the fire, and let's keep this birthday in a proper fashion.' 4'lie drew a siiwUnnblc to the fire for tliA glasses and proda'-ed a box of figure, and pbcinjr a chair for the oil servant, sternly bado her to-it down and drink. It the talk was uo: sparkling, it did not lack for vivacity, and we were son as merry a party as I have ever Kcu. Tho ni^ht wore on w mpidiv tliat we could hardly believe our oars when :n :t lull ia the conversation a c-.jck in the hall struck twelve. * A la.-t toast before we retire/ said my host, pitching the end of bis cigar into the fire and turning to the small table. ♦» We had drunk soveral before this, hut there was something impressive in the old man's manner as he rose and took up hi* glass. His tall figure tinted-to get taller, and his voice rang as he gazed proudly at b?s disfigured son. 44 4 The health of tho children my hoy saved'/ he said, and drained his glass at a draught." A rcturu showing tho amounts of rent demanded frvm, paid by, and owing by settlors under tho Agricultural Lands Pur chase Act of ISO I hxs been laid upon the tabH of the Legislative Assembly. This shows that the total amount demanded in the rent list, IS90, was £7. TO J Us. 7d.; rents paid to May 31, IS99, iT.Ji-j Us. id.; unpaid and still due on Slav 31. IS99. £1.377 Cs. bd. 