N PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.) BBAÜTIFÜITROHILLA. By HAROLD CHILD. Author of " Driven by Fate." &c.; (COPYlUUHT.> CHAPTER XIV. Face to Face. The door opened an inch or two, and g gruff voice behind It asked ; " Who is it in .' Open and see !'' said Aitken. Slowly and grudgingly the door swung back. The man was holding a candle in his hand, and as the light full on his visitor, he started. True it was only momentary, but it was long enough for what Robert required. He stepped boldly into the room and swung the door behind him, " It is not my ghost, he said, "though I can understand my sudden appearance frightening you. But you knew I presume, that you did not kill me that night ?" The draught through the keyhole made the candle gutter and Hare. Weird shadows danced about the walls of the kitchen, and a big clock in the corner ticked loudly. "What do you want ?" said Oliver. Mr A few words with you. And I mean to have them in your bedroom, so light me in." " Why in there ?". " For reasons of my own. Light me In." "Very well," said Oliver. "It don't make much difference where." And be pushed open the bedroom door. I follow you," said Aitken, resolved not to give the man a chance of getting behind him. Oliver, entered the room, and Aitken followed him, shutting the floor. His first duty was to note all he could in the arrangement of the furniture, and be looked about him keenly. The room smelt vilely of spirits. In the window was a table, upon which Oliver placed the candle. A bottle and a glass stood also upon the table, and near the bottle lay a long single-handed fisherman's knife. The opposite wall was occupied by the bed and the bureau, 'A chair stood by the table, and another by the empty grate, and behind the door was a little washhand stand. There was nothing else in the room. Robert took the chair by the table in the window, judging it wisest to be near the knife, and Oliver returned to his old seat near the foot of the bed. He looked haggard and worn. His bloodshot eyes wandered restlessly up and down the room, and at every movement of his visitor he glanced at him quickly. "You look anxious," said Robert. '' Don't be alarmed. There are no police outside." The man's manner changed instantly. He heaved a sigh of relief, and a look of cunning replaced the terror in his eyes. "I expected you some time ago," be Bald." "You confess, then, that It was you who stabbed me ?" and Robert. Oliver saw his false move "I confess nothing," he said angrily. " And I'm not going to stand bullying from you. So look out for yourself." " You are going to stand just whatever I choose to make you," said Robert. " You've had a taste of my strength before." " What about mine, then ? Who won at Danhill beach, eh ? And there's another thing that you've forgotten." He, moved aimlessly to the fireplace, till-the table was just in reach. Suddenly be lunged forward and snatched at the knife. He missed it by an inch, and at the same moment Aitken struck him with all his force on the collarbone. He staggered back. Robert picked up the knife and ran his finger along the edge. " Now," be said, " I'm going to tell you what you were doubtless going to tell me. That this is a lonely house that if you killed me here you might hide the fact for weeks, perhaps for ever; at any rate, until you had taken my body out to sea in your boat, and dropped It safely into deep water. But all that applies equally to the cause of my killing you. And there is another thing in my favour. No one saw me come into 'Alderswyke; no one but yourself knows that I am here. I could kill you now, and be in London again in a few hours, and not a soul the wiser. And why shouldn't I kill you ? You tried to kill me. You are a scoundrel and a bully. You know something no matter what that Miss Perez, at The Anchor, wishes kept secret, and you use that knowledge to blackmail her to get more and more drink, for which she has to pay, when you might get as much as you want and more by fair means. This very night you have been trying to make her let you into the house to robof !" The man gasped and reeled against the mantelpiece. " You know-?" he cried. " I know !" said Robert. " I know, too, or guess, that the girl herself does not know what you are threatening to tell, us that so ? Speak !" he cried, rising suddenly to his feet and thresit easing Oliver with the knife. 'Yes," he gasped. " She does not know ?" '* So." "Then, in God's name," cried Robert, " I ask you why should such a thing as you be allowed to live, when it would be so easy to tell you V" Oliver stood cowering against the mantelpiece, a picture of abject fear. His Mue lips were distorted his teeth. chattered He was trying to speak. " Don/it !" be gasped at length. " Or do it quick." Robert tossed the knife back to the table and sat down again. " No," he said. " I am not going to kill you yet. First of all, because you are not worth it and, secondly, because if I am unable to And all I want in that bureau, I may have to ask you for further details. Now, then ; kindly open the secret drawer." But with the fear of instant death removed, Oliver's mood swung back into one of jaunty bravado. " The bureau !" be said. " There's nothing there." " I beg your pardon. I know pretty well what there is, and where it is, in the secret drawer, which is opened by means of a spring that I should have little difficulty in finding, is a paper from which you have learned the fact that the lady, who calls herself Team;, Is really named Critten. I can tell you more; she is the daughter of my late god- father Robert Critten, of Gloucester Square, in London, 50 hanged himself B good many years ago." " You know that in gasped Oliver, thunderstruck. Aitken's Heart fell. He had known for certain that it must be so ; but Oliver's surprise at the correctness of his knowledge proved It conclusively. Nevertheless he allowed no sign of his feelings to escape Mr. " I know it !" he said simply. " But for certain purposes I require to have fttfumentfaiy evidence of the fact, and 1 tire paper ID your bureau will help me. Oblige me by opening li." " I'm-if I will !" cried Oliver. " But what good can your refusal do you V Your game is spoiled already, for I had the good fortune to be within a foot or two of you when you yourself called Miss Critten by her right name. I shall make it my duty to-morrow to tell Miss. Twaddell and all the village so much of the story as I find, when I examine your paper, that you know, and you will see that the general knowledge that Miss Batten's father hanged himself will make no difference to her popularity in the village. Only a blackguard like yourself could have made such free use of what is no disgrace at all to the girl herself. It is fortunate, however, that I heard you in time, for I have little doubt that your final object was to turn her into marrying you. Now we see that your plants are worthies,;, and that it will make no difference whether you or I open the te bureau. Once more, will you do it ?" " Never !" "Very well, "then, I will. But you will oblige me by taking a seat in that chair by the fireplace, and staying there till I give you permission to move. The man looked as if he would refuse if he dared. " Sit down !" said Robert, guards. And he sank sulkily into the chair. Robert crossed the room to the bureau. He had no difficulty in finding the spring. The square top of the secret drawer sprang out. Aitken put his lingers in and drew out a folded sheet of paper. Of the exact nature of the document in his hand he knew nothing ; but of what it would tell him there could be little doubt. And, face to face with the confirmation of his heart, he could hardly bring himself to-read. At last he unfolded the sheet. The yellow, faded handwriting was that of Robert Critten, and the words were those of his last letter to his wife, commending to her the care of their child Rohilla, when he should have died by his own hand. But, to Aitken's inexpressible relief, there was no hint of the cause which drove him to his shameful end. That knowledge, at least, had been kept from Oliver Mngub. Now that there was no possible escape from conviction of the truth he felt easier. The path of duty was now very clear before him and he stood still for a time thinking it over. A sound from the fireplace, as if Oliver Mngub were moving, made him look up. But the man was sitting motionless, his face distorted with sullen rage. A taken turned the paper over. On the back of the sheet was some writing in an apparently feminine hand, the words being Spanish. He began to read with interest, and as he read his blood froze within him. " To be said night and morning by Rohilla, until the deed is done !" ran the heading. And there followed that course which the little child in the ruined cottage had said in place of her prayers before the strange emblems of her insane mother's new religion, had said, probably, night and morning, every day of her life since her father's death. Those then, were the prayers he had heard her saying through the thin wall of his bedroom at " The Anchor." Robert read it, word by word, till the last sentence was reached. " And I vow that I myself, with my own hand, will take my revenge upon my enemy, Edward Aitken, and his only son, Robert Aitken-" His) father,. Edward Aitken, had died suddenly and mysteriously, within a month or two of Robert Critten's death. Could it have been Rohilla's mother who contrived It He himself had been in danger of death that very summer, and Rohilla had plotted it. All was explained now ; her wild moments of excitement and hours of bitter despair, I her incessant consciousness that she had work to do her loveless days and nights of horror. He knew something of her nature impressionable, superstitious, capable of any height of devotion to a man or a cause and he saw only too clearly the effect? on such a nature of her another's teaching, of the grim insistence on revenge, and the curse that had blighted all the promise of youth. ''Poor girl !" he cried within himself. " Poor girl !" Not daring to think of his own position in the light of this ghastly discovery. He sat, rigid with despair, at the foot of the bed, forgetting his enemy's presence, the strange circumstances of his visit, all but Rohilla and her mined youth. If he had been bound to her service before his obligation was increased a hundredfold by the discovery of her parentage. But this duty was tangled into an apparently inextricable knot by the fact that her early training had driven all her thoughts and energies into one channel. This life's work of which she spoke so frequently, to the accomplishment of which she looked forward with so much anxiety, this work in which he had actually asked to be allowed to help, was nothing less 'than the murder of him- self her own lover ! Was it possible that this weird and horrible vow could outweigh her love for him He foresaw a fearful contest between her two natures ; the one warped by superstition and early training, the other the natural impulse of all that as best in woman. At one moment it seemed absurd to pay any attention to the former ; yet he knew the effect on a nature like hers of the fear of the unseen. She might well believe that her father's soul and her mother's were actually at that moment suffering unspeakable torture, from which nothing but his murder could release them. Had she not already acted as if she believed lit? On the other hand, she loved him. She had t-cmfct'tscü it before her illness and that very night her words from her window had proved that she loved him still. He remembered reading in his face on the walk to Eastliani the power of her capacity to love and need of love. If anything could save himself and her It must be their mutual love. It came to this then : Would her love or her fear of the unseen prove the stronger ? He sat motionless on the foot of the bed, with his eyes fixed on the window. The fog showed no signs of lifting, the candle was burning low, S'tdritnh, before he could realise that anything in the room had moved, he was enveloped in total darkness. A figure had sprung to the table a hand had put out the candle, another hand had closed upon the knife. A sneering laugh rang in his ears, and he realised that he was alone with his enemy in the dark, and that his enemy held the knife The man was in his stocking feet, and moved noiselessly. There was no possibility of seeing him for even if he came between Aitken and the window, the window was as dark as any part of the room. And the sound of his heavy breathing seemed to come from every corner. I Robert's presence of mind came back in a flash. He slipped his hand into his pocket, raised the lid of his match- box and let it fall loudly. The mans breathing stopped dead. " You bear," said Robert quietly. " I am arrived ; I have in my hand a els chambered revolver', fully loaded. I know perfectly well where you are, and if you attempt to move I shall shoot. I might not kill you, but I shall certainly hurt you." Would the man believe it ? Now that he had actually used and matchbox., the sound of' it seemed ridiculously unlike the click of a revolver. But, on the other hand, Oliver had probably but little acquaintance with, revolvers, and was certainly an arrant coward. Holding his breath, Aitken waited. There was no sound. The man appeared to be motionless. But now and again Robert's overtired nerves seemed to see him crouching close by, or bear his stocking feet move along the floor. And then came moments when he could have sworn that Oliver was behind, him, with the knife halted in the act to strike. The minutes crept on so slowly that they seemed like hours. There was no sound in the room but the breaking of the two men, and the faint ticking of Aitken's watch in his pocket. Face to face in the blank darkness they site. and the hearts of both were full of bitterness. Oliver felt as if the stillness would choke him. The power of Aitken's will and the fear of his revolver seemed to crush his whole body with a dead weight of dull discomfort. And he knew that against the steady resolution of this man. who could sit calm and silent through an eternity of darkness, face to face with an unscrupulous enemy, his own wild fits of passion had no chance. There were times when he treated Ro bulla merely as a means to gratify his desire for drink ; but there were other times, and these of late had been more frequent than ever, when the desire to possess the girl rose like a tempest in his heart and shook him into a passion that was near madness. He ground his teeth and writhed on the floor in futile rage when be realised that his desire could never be fulfilled. " Keep still !" said the inexorable voice of his rival, who had heard the movement. t The sweat was pouring down Oliver's face. " How long is this to last ?" he groaned. " Till daylight. I can't trust you." And the silent waiting began again. After a while a light breeze sprang up and whistled in the chimney. Through the window Aitken saw the pale radiance of a fading star. The fog was lifting, and ere long it would be dawn. The star was no longer visible. A faint line of yellow hung on the horizon, deepening every moment to a watery red. A light cloud above, took on a pale tinge of pink with gray shadows. Little, by little the light grew stronger. The square of the window-pane became visible, then the lattice-work of the panes. A patch of white at Aitken's feet caught his eye. He stooped and picked it up. It was the paper he had taken from the bureau. At last he rose and stretched himself. "Give me your knife, he said to the crouching figure on the floor. The man handed it up without a word. Aitken took it and thrust it through the paper in his hand. There were matches on the table, and lighting one of them, he set fire to the paper and watched it burn to ashes. " I should recommend you another sea voyage," be said, as he shut the knife and put it in his pocket. The man was still huddled motionless on the floor. Aitken opened the door, and passed through the kitchen into the cool dawn. (To be continued.) At the Central Police Court yesterday, before Mr. G. P. M. Murray, P.M., and Messrs. D. Gallwey and D. Guyatt, JJ.P., three persons charged with drunkenness made their appearance for the first time, and were discharged with the customary caution not to appear again. Richard Allen and James Troy were also charged with drunkenness, and each fined 10s. or twelve hours' imprisonment. Annie Alice Warner, on a charge of vagrancy, was remanded for a week. Charles Lahey was charged with attempting to steal from the person. After evidence of arrest had been given, defendant was remanded until to-day. A boy named Sydney Pratt was charged with larceny, and remanded until Monday to the care of the Boys' Home. 