j COMPLETE I ft TWOIftSTAIMEETS . The Brothers ,nv SHAN F. BULLOCK, Author of "By Thrasna Rivor," " Ring o' Rushes," See., &c.; fCOrYEIOHT.) Continued.) " Ay," said Dennis. "Well, we'll leave it thorc, then, for there's on use in talkin'. Maybe twas Providence ordered things ; may be 'twos only ohunoe sent Harry to Long's ; maybe 'twas tho devil himself ;"anyway, ho came, an' that's enough, an' that wus tho beginnin' o' sport. " Tulk ? The country was buzzin' with it inside a week. . ' Sure tho queerest thing it is, yo heard from everyone; 'tho strangest thing in the world. Think o' the two Smiths after tho one girl — think o' ono brotlior tryin' to oust t'other — think o' mo dnrliut Letty sittin' yonder, wi' gloworin' Ned this side of her un' langhin' Harry t'otbor side, an' thorn as keen to outdo one another us if thoy were liiddin' for tho same horso at a fair! An' listen,' thoy'd say to yo an' look at yo that knoivin',' ' there'll ho spurt aforo all's over, an' thcro'll he murder us sura as heaven's above ye, if so he Harry wins. There will, I tell yo. An' listen. It'll not be Harry that'll give tho blow, an' it'll not be Ned that'll win. Is it Nod Smith wins, blnck-faccd Ned? Ah, not at ull ; not at all. But wait ! There'll bo sport as sure as tho sun's shiniu', or tho divil isn't sittin' iD Nod Smith's oyes for notliin'.' " That was how people talked ; an' maybe they had reason. Anyhow, they had plenty to go on ; for wasu't the whole play aetin' goin' on thero before tboir eyos. Couldn't thoy see Ned stoppin' off after dusk— an' him bound for Long's? Couldn't thoy hear tlio tramp o' Harry's horso most ovonin's — an' it off for Long's? Couldn't this ono soe this for himself, an' that ono that; an', for the rest, hudn't yo only to meet Ned any ovonin' an' look in his faco to seo trouble in his eyes ? All, to he suro. Au\ Lord knows, 'twas hard not to pity him. For what chance had ho against Hurry from tho very first day? Clmucc! About as much as a terrier 1ms against a bulldog. Chnnco ! Ho had none. Is it against big, strong, hearty, good-natured, good-lookin' Hurry; an' him tlio eldest : an' him a magistrate ; an' him wi' most money ; an' him tho finest match from top to too that stepped in County Mcath ? Pliew ! It's ridiculous to thiuk'of it. A blind woman'd choose Harry from a houseful o' Neds. Sho hud only to hoar him laugh, or lay her hand on his shoulder, or sit listcnin' to him one night by tho firo, an' tho thing was dono. Ay, dono. "An' Letty wasn't blind, nor tho father, nor ouo of liis'liiiul. Ah, 'deed thoy weren't. They know how many lia'peueo made a penny, an' how to cat a meadow when the sky was hluo ; an' so it happened just as ovoryono expected, for ono day word camo that Ned wus out on the step, an' Harry inside in tho hall, an' Lotty at Harry's side, an' tho fox of a father blessia' thent. An', God knows, for myself I pitied tho poor divil of a Ned; for he had his good points, an' wus first in the field, an' tho brother did the mean thing an' tho unnatural thing to como stoppin' between him an' his girl. 'Twas tho chances o' war, I know ; still, God knows, I pitiod the white face e' him first time I met hhn after his downfall. I did," said Dennis, "God knows I did. " He took it ill, as had as evor man did ; not in an open; blustorin', damn your eyes kind o' way — tho way, you'll understand, men biko such things in those parts — hut just as if you'd bled the blood from him, or killed "the heart in him, or out him with insults to tho very, quick. Tho day ould Long refused him Letty, ho just rose from his ohuir, took down his lint, an' wi' his faeo like ashes walked out wi'out a word, an' homo. An' that night ho didn't speuk, nor tho next day, an' hardly a word for weeks ; an' when Harry comes to him wi' liis hand out, an' tho cheerful word on his tongue, an' him uskin' for forgiveness, Ned just shivered in his hoots, wheeled round, an' marched off to the fields. Nothin' 'd make him laugh. Ho avoided everyone. The only thing ho'd speak to or look at was the dog. If Harry met him ho'd turn bis head an' jiass ; if ho'd speak Ned 'd nod an' tighten his lips. Ho hud liis meals by himself. He went about like a ghost, his head down, his hands behind him, an his eyes buruin'. . . . An', God knows, I pitied him. Ho was foolish aud hard to understand, un' suvo no woman ever born was worth such suiferin' ; for ull that I was sorry for the boy, an' tlioro wasn't u woman in tho county hut cried hitter tears for him. an' not a man but was angry with Harry in hia heart. But if yo spoke to Harry, an' some of us did, too, ho'd only luugh at yo ; an' if yo dared pity Ned he'd staro at yo ; au' so things went on. " 'Twas a great wediliii' — the finest thing o' tlio kind I ever set oyes on. People came from all parts to it, from Dublin, the north, sorrow knows where. Thero wcro us many carriages, with prnucin' horses, on' tho drivers 6portiu' hooknys in their coats, as you'd seo at tho funeral of a landlord. Out- sido the ohurch, wus a crowd as big as if 'twas election day. An' thero was herself all muslin and flowers ; an' thero was Harry in his coat wi' skirts to it ; an' there wore tho beautiful bridesmaids, an' tho ould father in his whito liat, an' the friends in their Sunduy best — an odious fino gatheriu' entirely. But there was no Ned, not a sight -of him : an' wo all nudged each othor at thnt. ' Where's Ned ?' we'd say, wi' oar eyes on tho ourriuges. ' Whero's.Ned ?' An' tho women 'd wipo their oyes an' say : Ah, tho puor cruturo; the pour unfortunate cruture !' Au, if some of us muttered a 'word of a curse, may God, who knows what happened aftor- wurds, forgive us. " Sure is must ha' boon hard on the boy ; it must. To wake up an' think, ' Sho'll ho married the day'; to seo Hurry stoppin' off in liis grandeur un' know where lio was goiu' ; . to look at his watch an' think, ' She's marry ing now ' ; tu sit up yonder in his room an' know that the knives itn' forks wore oluttcrin' in Long's parlour, an' the corks poppin' an' everyone laughin an' spcecliifym' ; to hear at lust tho carriage como buck, an' Harry ruunin' up the stairs an' knoekiu' at tho door, an' then Letty the wifo knoekin' an' suyin' : 'Ned, Ned, won't yo speak to mo? Won't ye wish us well?' an him to sit there an' nevor unswor or stir; then, in the end, to look out o' tho window an' sec them drivin' oif to the honoymoon — sure, aw sure, for a man liko Ned to liavo to pass such a day, inuRt ha' beon purgatory itself. It must. Tho foolish hoy. An' yot, God knows, when I hoard all I pitiod him. Ah, I did. "Anyway, tho weddin' passed, an' the honeymoon, an' thou one day homo comes Letty as Mrs. Smith an' settles down us mistress in tho big house. Sho did it well ; carried the thing off. they say, as if she was English horn and used all her life to grandeur; went laughin' and singin' about the house, mado herself agreeable to the servunts an' ovoryono— ay, to ovoryono hnl Ned. No ; sho couldn't charm Ned, for ho wouldn't como near her. If she'd slip into a room whon ho was tlioro ho'd walk out ; if he mot hor ouisido ho'd rniso his hut an' puss on ; when meals wero ready lio'dstayuway ; dn'do what Harry might ho oouldn't got Ned to forgive him or muko it up wi' tho wife. No. ft was just wi' Ned as if Letty wasn't there at all, or tlio brother had disgi-nrod tbo liamo by murryin' u beggnrwomun. Ho'd veeogniso her in no form or fusliion. Ho'd havo no deulin's wi' Hurry mora thaii if ho'd hoen tho common hangman. 'Twas tho talk o' the country. ' Think o' tho wasp's nest that's above in tho big house,' wo used to suy. 'What in glory's namo'll como of it ull?' we'd ask. IVhat'll Harry do? What's browin' baok tlioro behind Ned's oyes? How can Letty stand such a life ?' Wo'u ask: und thon, jus! liko. that,' und Dennis oluppud bis hands, 1 comes word that Letty'd settled it alt ; just stopped up to Ned one day, put hor , hands on his shoulders, luokcd in liis eyes, said a word or two — mid tho tiling was dono. Ay, the thing- wus done. Ned was changed. Him an Letty wero friends at last, "fivas curious,' said Dennis: 'mighty ourious. But Bure — what's tho good o' talkin' ?' said .Dennis.' ' Who oan understand tho ways o' women ? Who can fathom tho foolishness of nion ? An' what's the raeanin', I ask ye, o' bain' friends wi' tbo wife an' t'other thing wi' tho husband — an' liim your own brother.' Eh ? Ah, it's mighty curious. "Anyway, after that things settled down. People turned their oyes to their own affairs, maybo 'twas time too, un' let the Smiths alone. Everything soomcd goin' well at tho big house. An odd word o' scandal yo hoard now an' then ; bat suro that's of no account in a couutry sido. Yo met Harry m fair or market, an' ho was much the saiuo ; maybo a wee thing too fat, an' red in the face, an' worried lookin' at times ; but nothin' to mako yo stand and staro at him. Yo had sight o' Lotty drivin' to church, or tho father's, an' sho was just as well dressed, an' good look- in, an' as genteel as over. If you mot Ned on tho road, an' looked bard at him, an' passed tho tiino o" day, you'd say to yourself: ' Well, good lack to yo, Ned Smith, but it's well you've got over your troubles considorin' all the capers yo out !' "The servants an' ono another about tlio house gavo out that tho husband un' wifo wero good friends enough (as good as you'd expect any man an' woman to be after a month or so), nn' Ned an' the wife on tho best o' terms ; aii' the brothers theinsolves iib civil in their ways as could bo expected. Every thing, to all appearance, was goin' on as smooth as milk : when, just as sudden as the wind l-isin' at sunset, comes word that Ned an' Harry had quarrelled one night, nn' fought liko divils, an' called ono another all tho names in tho dictionary, an' smashed nearly all the chairs in tho room, an wore only kept from black murder by Lotty herself. ' Ho, ho,' says wo at that: 'who says now that Ned's forgiven tho brother ! ' 'An' what,' says ono hero an' there, wi' a wink. ' was Lotty doin' in the ruction ? El: ? Tell mo,' thoy'd say, an' wink again : ' d'ye think it was about herself thoy'd he squabhlia' ? Eh ?' An' before wo could scratch our ears for an unswor, word conies that Nod had packed his trunk, shook liis feet at. Harry, took his ticket at Leek an' gone off to England on his travels. ' An' a good thing too,' says soir.o o' ns ; ' an' may ho never como baolr.' ' Au' what'd -Letty do then?' says t-'otliors an' grinned. 'Ail, wait an' soe; wait and see.' An' we waited. "Ho was gone a year an' a while, an' when he camo hack— an', God knows, I often wondered in myself what divil sent him — things were changed a trifle in tho house above. A oliild had come, for ono tiling. Lotty hud got well used to married ways, for another; an' as women will, had learnt maybe that thore's a bitter sido to tbe skin of a plum. Harry, too, had settled down in his shoes and taken to curious ways— drinkin' more than ho wanted, curd playin' o' nights at tho neighbours', girin' ouo the notion that ho was fonder o' tho next man's hearthstone than his own. Peuple said, too, that there wero squabbles between tliein, an' had looks, and bud temper: an' more than one suit! 'twas Lotty that asked Ned to cotno hack ; but of all that 1 know notliin'. All I'd swear to is this : That when Ned did como from his travels ho had plenty o' chnnco to carry on his divilmcntu ; an' that lie took his chauoe ; uu' that beforo six weeks tho wholo country was buzzin' like n beehive, an' everywhere yo heard scandal, an' jabber, an' hints, 'an' tho sorrow knows what. ' Ha' yo heard about tho Smiths ?' wus the word every whoro ; ' about Harry noglectiii' tlio wife, an' Ned an' her beiu' always together, an' singin' au' lauali- in' au' talkin' together, and him alwuys lookin' at hor, and scowlin' at Harry uu' "Ach, what's the good o' goiu' through it nil ?" cried Dennis, irritably. " Who can tell tho truth about tilings ? Who hut them selves know what passed between them? Who knows which o' them was to hlaine ? Who knows whether 'twas tho otild grudge against the la-other, or tho now fceliu's for tfie wifo, that tempted Ned ? An' who hut the Almighty knows the wholo truth o' what passed bet ween them on that last night of all : the night I'm now goiu' to toll yo about? No child o' man knows, anyway. It's folly to he guoesiu'. If I talked all night I might just ho ns far from the truth ub over. It's unknowable," said Dennis, with a shako of his head ; "but it's powerful strange for all that. " Harry was out, as usual," Dennis wont ou quickly, "an' tlio two it sooms wero up in tho parlour singin' an' passin' tho time. After a while, it appears, thoy fell qniot : then Ned's voice was heard ravin' an' runtin' in an unuatural kind o' way, an' Letty's askin' liim for God's sake to bo quiet, an for God's sako to leave lier alone. But Ned, it appears, kept on ... . an' Lotty takes to sobbin' .... all of a sudden call-, out: 'No, no, no, Ned; don't go, Ned; don't, go ;' an' with that tho door opens, Ned comes out, an' down tho liall, an' out tlirough tho kitchen into tlio yard. An' after liim, insido a minute, comes Lotty ; only sho takes a shawl, wraps it round her head, turns through the front door, an' as fast ns she could go comes straight down tho hill there in front of us. " I've often snt me down just where I'm sittin' now," Dennis wont on, "an' shut iny oyos an' sOcn it all as plain as if I'd been watchin' it. You'll iinngino a dnrk night, in early spring, after a time o' heavy rains. Tho stroma tlioro in full to the briin, and ruunin' liko a mill race ; tho troes are as bare ns scaffold poles; tlio grass is short an' slippery ; there's u mint lyin' nil along tho valloy here, an' there's not a Bound or a stir more than if tho world was empty. Now. lift your oyes an' you'll see Letty comiu' down tlio hill, wi' tho sluiwl over her hcml, an' lier puiitin' an' slippin' an' nil frightened like ; comin' on to tho planlc there, orossin' it in her tiinid woman's wny an' passin' on through the fields at your baok. Yo wait awhilo, wondorin' where she's goin', thon raiso your oyos again an' soo Ned comin' in hor steps, his faeo like tho divil's, a dark lantern in ono hand nn' a ropo in tlio othor. Ho comes on, an' on, an' on ; crosses tho plank too; sots tho lantern oil tho bank thero, just nbout whoro you'ro sittin', looks hero uu' thero about him, listoiiB for a while, thou lights tlio lantern, an' quiok an' sudden begins miwindin' tho coil of ropo from his avm. Alp I tollin' it right?" asked Donnis. " Can yo seo it all ?" ' " Clearly." answered I. " But go on, my Bon, go ou." "Woll, sir, ho takes ono olid o' the ropo an' ties it to tho tree ovor thero hoyond tho plunk, tios it low down an' tight ; thon comes this sido o' tho planlc an' winds t'other end round tho foot o' that trco, pulls on it hard an' knots it — an' there's tho rope stretched tnut iibuut six inches from tho ground, just ovor tho end o' tlio plunk. Can ,ye see it ? Yo can. Woll, now, can yo imngino tho divil's caper ho's after? Eh? Yo can't. Well, look hard at tho ropo, an' then imngino yourself to bo Harry coram' homo in tho dark, your hands in your' pockets, a drop o' drink in your stomuch, an' you cutokiu' your too in somotliin' just ns ye mndo to stop on tlio plank. Eh? Ye understand now? It's a kind o' shivery to think of it, isn't it? Ah, my God, but it is ! Man, hut I've hoen through it ofton — ofton an' ofton. " An' there's Nod standin' lookin' at it wi a grin on his divil's faco. Ah, what possessed him that night? How could ho oven come to think o' suoli a thing. Hia own flesh nn' blood— his own brother — his own brothor Harry ! Was it tho old grudge against him that had hoen growin' darker an' durkor ull those months ; or wus it a sudden madness o' the brain; er (Hd Satan tempt him; or was it all because o Letty, the old feolin's for lier, an' tho new, an the regard, ho had for hor? What was it ? Ah, sirs, sirs ! Wlio knows ? Who koows ? It's hoyond mo. ; It's unknowable. Bnt, no matter, now ; no matter, now ; lot's get it over, for God's sako. Sit yo baek now, ITd ask ye, and cloar tho way for Hairy. But keep yom; oyo on Nod. Look. Ho puts his foot on tho rope an' tries it ; smiles to him self; liftH the hmtorn au' blows it ont; then walks conny to the hazel clump over there, jouks down an' sets himself to wait like a spider in tho corner of his woh. Whisht ! Ye can nearly hear him breathin'. Ah, tho divil, tho divil. Ho .waits, an' waits. Ah, the divil ! Whisht ! There's a Btop behind us. Ah, Lord, Lord ! It comes nearer an' nearer ; now it's oloso to us ; now it's on, tho bunk; now it's at tho plank — now — ah, Lord, Lord ! Thero'a a stumble — a slip — a cry— a plunge an' a splash — another ery an' all's ovor! All's over, sir," moaned Dennis; then too); off his liat, dovoutly crossed him self, mopped his brow, und silently sat look ing at tho wator now babbling along so peacefully. fift nn. Dftnna.,, T snirl. in n. lif.fcln wliiln. "Finish, my son." . " Eh ?" said he, turning. " What'sthat? All, yes. I'll finish — givo mo breath — I'll finish. After thut thero must ha' passed a good while before tho divil ovor there stirred ill the huzel clump: bnt at lost ho comes stoppin' out, looks hero an' there, creeps over to tho bank nn' stands listenin', an' listenin'. But ho hears nothin'. Ah no. Not a whis per ; not a splash. He walks along the bank towards tho bridge an' poops hero an' tlioro through the willows ; thon comes hack hurryin', lights tho lantern again, puts it near tho rope an' begins Ioosonin' tho knot. Ho fumbles, for his hands are tromblin', an' the hurryin' makes him- through other. Maybo he swears an oath ; maybe ho Bat whisht! Is that a foot? He turns his head an' listens. Whisht ! It- is a foot. He twists round with his buck to the lantern ; someone shouts ; ho jumps as if a shot had hit him and there's Harry : yos, Harry himself. Wait now. Hear 'mo out. 1'in nearly dono. Not a word can Ned say — not ono. Just like a post he stands there! not a movo in him, an' tho eyes starin' in his head. Harry walks up to him. " ' Well, Ned,' says ho, or words liko that; ' you'll bo out into ?' " But Ned stands speechless. " ' Wore yo waitin' for me, Ned?' Harry goes on, or words liko thut. ' Soincono told mo yo might havo somothin' to say to me on my way homo.' " Not a word from Nod. " ' What d'ye want wi' tho luntcrn, Ned?' asks Hurry ; an' looks down, an' catches sight o' the ropo. Ho stoops an' pulls at it ; then raises himself an' looks Ned in the oyos. ' Ah, yo divil yo,' says he : ' this is what you'd bo after. This is wlmt you've been koopin' in storo for me. Ah, my God, that it should como to this ! You — you ! This is what you'd been doin',' says Harry. 'This is what sho came to warn mo about. Sho know yo ; sho guessed ' An' at tho word Ned speaks. "'Sho,' ho shouts. 'Sho 1 Who— who— who?' ' ' I "An for answer Harrystands back an'hitj Ned full in tho forehoad, an' stretches him | along tho bank thoro at your foot ; then: stops I -across tho rope, ' along tho'1 plank, nn nwity uphill homo to find the wife. But ho diduM find her. Ah, no ; not for hours did ho find | her, au' thon 't was lyin' in tho river there with hor clothes tangled in a branch. All, . I dear Lord ; dear Lord !" ' | Dennis rose, stretched himself, and began tapping his pipe-head on tho palm of his j hand. r I "Sonow you'll hoknowin'," ho continued, j "why it ooines that tho.houso abovo " I roso and took Dennis by tho arm. I " Eusy. Dennis," said I ; " easy, my son, Tell mo all. Had sho boon to warn Hurry ?" " Ah, to he suro sho had — to bo sure. She must ha' suspected Nod of his devilmonts, | maybo sho knew, maybo sho didn't. Who I knows? Anyway, sho did her host; ah, God holp her. she did." "And Nod?" said I. "He got over it." answered Dennis, "in a kind of a way. Ho lay on his baok ravin' an' jumpin' for weeks an' weeks; an! when tho fit passed ho was only a wreck— no memory an' littlo wits. Maybe 'twas a kind of punishment. Anyway, that wns the end o' Ned. An' there's the end of it all," said Dennis, pointing towards tho houso and loqking round tho fields ; " ruin and deso lation — ruin and desolation. All, sirs, to think of it all ! Tlio fine placo it onco was. An' now, an' now ? Why ? yo ask. Heaven above, havon't I told ye. Isn't there blood on it— an' a curse? Didn't Hurry throw up the land before six months, an' tako Nod off to England ? . Didn't the next man keep it . less tlian a year, an' lose half liis cattlo with a murrain, an' half his crop in a tempest ? Didn't tho next man break bis neck at a fox hunt ? an' tho man after liim lose a child in that very river, an' havo to do his own labour for want of man or woman to help liim? An', for tho rest, doesn't, tho ghostof Herself — God ba wi' her ! — go flitterin' about j heroat. nigh tup an' down, up an' down. Ah, como away," cried Donnis, "como away. It makes mo sweat to think of it." 1 tiio exd. Smoko Canteen Mixture, cooi and sweet.- By a vote of tho church members at Moriah, Carnarvon, a ourious dispute was settled recently (says tho 2forlh Wales Observer). With tho introduction of tlio now j hymn and tune book of tho connexion a I few weeks ago, there was also initiated the practice, which is not very gonoral in Non conformist places of worship, of singing the I "Amon"nttho conclusion of oach hymn. II Several members of tho congregation dis- ll approved of the innovation, and by way of I protest resumed their seats at the close of tho - 1 hymn proper. Feeling on the matter became jl so acute that tho pastor decided to tako the i| voico of tlio church, when there was present jl a largo attcndanco of church members. The jl result was the defeat of tho supporters of the jl "Amen" by an overwhelming majority. I Tho voting resulted as follows : In favour of 1 ho "Amen," 48 ; against, SG. | 