THE SERMON. THE SPLENDID ISOLATION. A SERMON BY THE REV. W. L. WATKINSON. "I pray not that Thou sliouldest take ihem out of the world, but that Thou shouldest keep them from the evil."—St. John xvii., 15. The evil that is in the world. Tt is everywhere, narrowing, blinding, defiling, destroying. How is the disciple to be kept in a world like this? How is the Re-1 deemer's prayer to be answered in the j disciple's safety? Generally, when we re fleet on this matter, we conclude that God saves Hi6 children by -exercising over them a celestial guardianship, that He entrusts them to a celestial police, that they are sustained by angels' hands lest they dash their foot against a stone. ■ Hut this is an altogether insufllcient explanation. God eaves His .-peoplfe'from within rather than from without?' and -it is lo this interior Divine aetiori tlfsEt. we^'m wfcj lodk&fpr; our salvation.'-. - Ife ntbkfes tmnviflciWe through the soul. V ' J 1\. God pi'atecfe-Tfw-peopTe iroip tlie evil that is in the wfwla'by giving -tliein AN INSTINCT OF PERIL. Volumes have been written upon the marvellously keen sense of danger with which many of the inferior animals are en dowed. But even before we come to ani mals, vegetable life sometimes displays a curious appreciation of peril and a mani fest shrinking from it. In the Guiana forest, when a branch dies and begins to decay, the sensitive aerial roots of the orchid seem to appreciate what is about to happen, and loose their hold. The sensi tive points turn away in apparent disgust, the whole plant shrinks from what is poisonous, to it, and will rather allow itself to fall into the midst of the thicket below than run the risVoffUrther contamination; something like-a "prophetic instinct works in the wonderful;, flower, making it strangely alive to the danger of the situa tion. Birds,' insects, and animals gener allfj-have this prescient sense in a surprising degfee of perfection. ■ It is said that the butterflies of India migrate to escape the ntotisoon. Every year for one day, or two dhj$ at the most; in, the beginning of June, all the butterflies of a certain'species are seized with a ^northward tendency. All day long they drift pa6t, but their direc tion never changes. The natives say that three days after the butterflies pass the monsoon will break. They appear to have a meteorological sense, which gives them intimation of low-pressure areas, and that warns them to get up and haste away. When the dreadful catastrophe occurred some years ago in the island of Ischia, prog nostications of the'-coniing earthquake were Jiven hif various animals; some time before the shocks *were felt creatures of all kinds were agitated in- a wonderful way. It seems as; though jSod had given even to in ferior life a prophetic.sense; it is not fated to sudden destruction. Everything and every creature gets mysterious warning—a chance to hide itself in a cleft of the rock. In this exquisite admonitory instinct lies the salvation of the irrational world, for to be forewarned is to be forearmed. Now God gives to all sincere men a similar instinct for moral peril—"a sensi bility of sinl a pain to feel it near/' You read a certain book, and lay it down with the feeling that you dislike it. When people ask you for: the grounds-of your dislike, you are a bit at a loss for an answer; ybu cannot clearly argue the thing out or justify your unfavourable judgment, although your sogl revolts. Do not dis tress yoursfelf. Hbcause you cannot satisfy those who question you. You know that the reading •of'-the-book stained the white ness of your soul, ieft ugly images iu your imagination. left', a n&Bty;> taste in your mouth; and .tbia amply justifies you for the future in; letting such literature alone. Or, you are persuaded to go to some place of entertainmentftyoudjd not wish to go, but these aie^tholic days, gjbd so you con sented. Yopr fwendshsk/llow did you like it? Ybh reply,'/Not at all. Then they wish to" know why you disapprove. !iyhat did.you"sbe, whet did you hear, that you Object•.wtt-- Ndw> there was not any tblng-defipita in-what yousajsv. that you can jtescribe^ pot. anything in. what you heard that-, you. canqiiote,,nnd therefore they, ch'arire ydpjwitk hging unreasonable. Not 'it -'aaV j&f-by; your ability to e^Iftih^hht jby^driibate powers of per ceptioh 'ahd jddgOient-that defy, analysis can give no, iftfe^bihking from the lauited/<|g«nch';; thief butterfly does not undetatkhd its MBSUjP to„the northward flight; Si i^plain to itself the Pervqu^^^iy^^^toiiiftee the earth so are^rou.. A lady in the Bureau of Engraving at Washington told me that when-khewas appointed to her post" she ..'was miserably anxious test she should permit any spurious banknote to pass undetected; most pain fully did she scrutinise numbers, signs, and signatures, until she was pretty nearly consumed by solicitude. At length a senior officer confronted her by saying, "Do not worry. Be careful; and when you have done that be tranquil, for the first time you touch bad paper you will feel a shiver as though you received a cold shower-bath." And it is much the same in our moral life; the soul also has a sensibility by which we detect the spurious, the unclean, and the dangerous. I say to the young people, Take care of the delicacy of the mind; keep the power to blush; respect the alarm and shrinking of the soul on the faintest suspicion of evil. Cynical people call you "green." Thank God that you are that colour; mind that you keep it. It is Infinitely better than the sear and yellow leaf of a wasted life. A keen sense of impending danger is the munition of rocks, and you can pre serve that sense only by a swift and deli cate obedience to its admonitions. Live so purely, so resolutely for your Master, that your whole moral nature shall con tinue Quick as the apple of an eye The slightest touch of sin to' feel. II. God protects His people through THE ENERGY OF HEALTH. Sound organic health is the prime anti septic. Thinking superficially, we con that the best protection or threatened elude i things and creatur^is a stout barricade, a clever precaution, a resourceful diplomacy; but in truth there is no defence that will compare with inward vigour, with the glow of health, with the fire, the force, the ful ness of life. We readily see the pre cariousness of weak things. When a blight settles on one of our landscapes it plays havoc with the choice flowers of our gar dens, the roses are filthy with consuming parasites; and yet the dog-rose in the hedge, the wild flower in the meadow, are quite free from the blighting vermin. Tempests violent enough to destroy all cul tivated plants frequently spare those of spontaneous growth. A naturalist tells us that he has often seen in Northern Italy vineyards, maize-fields, mulberry and fruit trees completely stripped of their foliage by hail, whilst the forest trees scattered through the meadows, and the shrubs and brambles which spring up by the wayside, passed through the ordeal with scarcely the loss of a leaflet. How is this? Why should the domestic growths suffer so severely whilst wild vegetation survives in purity and beauty? The fact -is, the domesticated flowers and trees are coddled into imbecility. Cared for by glass, mats, sheltering walls, flower-pots, and hedges, the gardener lets down their native vigour, and the enfeebled things immediately fall victims to the blight and hail; but the rose of the wayside, the pine upon the hill are stout of fibre, they are full of sap, and they laugh at the storm and the cater pillar. I'll he same thing is true in our physical life. If there is a whiff of an epidemic in the air delicate people suffer and succumb, whilst meWjull of vitality continue safe in the centre of. the most appalling sanitary" fcondltjons.? Fever germs, microbes, bacilli give them no anxiety; a thousand fall- by their side, and ten thousand at their right hand, but the pestilence comes not nigh them. People say of these, "Yes, they have a charmed life." The fact is, all life is charmed when you have enough of it. We are not kept free from deadly infections by disinfectants, fumigations, and quaran tines, but by the force of the heart, the richness of the blood, the lustre of the eye, and the rose upon the cheek. If you wish to be insured against the plague, keep up your health; if you do not wish to die, see to it that you are full of life. Now, all this is particularly true in rela tion to the children of God; they are safe from within; they are invulnerable in pro portion to the sincerity, the depth, and the fulness of their spiritual life. The safety of the Lord Jesus was thus assured. His was not a sheltered life. He was tempted in all points like as we are. But He was secure in the power of holiness. "Here after I will not talk much with you; for the prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in Me." He rested absolutely secure in the perfect purity and awful beauty of His character. And it was thus with the primitive Christians. They knew nothing of a cloistered virtue. They were strong in a whole-hearted devotion to their Master, in the vision of faith, in a pure conscience bearing them witness in the Holy Ghost, in-an abounding love, in the joy of the Lord, in the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ. They walked in the filthiest highways this world has known—the streets of Athens, Rome, Ephesus, Corinth—with raiment whiter than any fuller on earth could white them; and that raiment was kept white because it was transfigured from within. Thus the saints must be kept inviolate in the Baby lon of to-day. None of us can be sheltered under glass, none must trust far in ex terior, artificial lines of defence. "We know that whosoever is bom of God sin neth not; but he that is begotten of God keepetli himself, and that wicked one toucheth him not." The wall of fire between us and the wickedness of the age is the glow of health, and there is no other wall of fire. It would seem impossible. to live m sceptical surroundings without peril to our faith, and yet thousands coine into daily conflict with atheisms and blasphemies without sustaining hurt. It would seem impossible to dive a spiritual life* amid a sordid, selfish throng; and yet we doubt not that there are men ton the Stock Ex change as unworldly as any saint that ever lived in a cloister. It would seem im possible to work for six days of the week with coarse, foul-mouthed, drunken associ ates without suffering injury and having the garments spotted; hut the fact is that thousands of our people thus live and toil, and come forth on Saturday night good «s gold and white as snow.. God has a won derful way of keeping things immaculate amid intense and pervasive abominations. Sweet flowers spring. in pestilential marshes, .Guano has heen found to con tain many beautiful forms of diatoms, which have lost -hone of their perfection of structure or exquisite loveliness -or heavenly purity, despite She strange-vicissi tudes they have sustained. And when yon extricate microscopic creatures from the mud pf your dimy pools, they are pure and radiant as though they had been born in . the sut^ cradled «n; the rainbow; and baptised- dew of the'morn ing. And duygu think that God can keep these, and thatHe will fail to presecyeljis .faithful chfldfettTV^'Iyou, n%yoor jl£ you will preeerv^ your. mind full hf your iinaginMifttt of* beauty, love, your hands of noble work; will take fnren drinks from'tjfe fountain* Itnd renew your strength by wait-. Jag upon God—you shall keep ypur gar ments as white in Sodom as though you were walking the golden streets of the new Jerusalem. Fear not the sin and sorcery of a wicked world. "He that is in you is more than he that is in the world, and shortly the "Preserver of men" shall lift you out of this contagious sphere unde bauched by its wickedness, unhurt by its plagues; ye shall be "as the wings of a dove covered with silver, and her feathers with yellow gold." III. Finally, God saves His people through THE POWER OF FAITH. We are often reminded that Jife can only persist whilst it has a suitable environ ment. Plants die without certain gases, animals "perish in temperature either too hot or cold, the white race suffers deteriora tion in an equatorial climate; the surround ings must be in harmony with the life, the life with the surroundings. Now, this is equally true in regard to the soul. Just as : bird, beast, flower must be delicately ad I justed to their circumstances, so the soul can live and flourish only in a congenial environment and atmosphere. "Well." it will be at once objected, "but you nave already been showing that our circum stances are often emphatically out of keep ing with the health and life of the soul." Let me say, in answer to this, that, the 'apparent environment of a believer is hot ibis real environment. To the carnal eye I he is girded about with worldliness, un- - I belief, immorality; but, in fact, his -faith' i creates his real environment—he does not live in the world in which he appears to live. Faith secures the right conditions, reveals the right ideals, pours around the soul the heavenly influences in which alone it can live and thrive. The saint walks by faith, not by sight. Look at Stephen. He is surrounded dv an infuriated multi tude. One would say that he saw only a persecuting mob, that he heard only voices of blasphemy. Hearken:—"But he, being full of the Holy Ghost, looked up stead fastly into heaven, and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God." To the carnal eye John at Patmos had for environment a gloomy island, a solitary sea, a few unfriendly soldiers; hut John knew little of all this, for a celestial universe unfolded about him, and, the isle was filled with strange music, peopled with angelic shapes, it blossomed with amaranth and unwithering roses. To the carnal eye John Bitnyan was within the narrow walls of Bedford Gaol, with only coarse and painful things to contemplate and suffer; hut his spiritual imagination made him live in a country where it was summer tjie year round, he dwelt in the Palace Beautiful, climbed the hill Beulah, heard golden trumpets, saw the city of gem ana glass. To the carnal eye Charles Wesley, at Devizes, was in the midst of a tumultuous and threatening rabble; but listen to the hymn he and his followers triumphantly sing, and you understand "that his environment was another than that:— Lo! to faith's enlightened sight , All the mountain flames with light; \- Heli is nigh, but God is nigher, Circling us with hosts of Sre. And so thousands of God's people do not really live in the scenes in which they seem to live; faith lifts them into the heavenlies: they hear the angels sing, they walk amid flowers, they- breathe the ampler air, they, tsiste the powers of the world to come. • 