By the Way. AcooeddKJ to all recent accounts there are worse placet! to live at in New South Wales than the Macleay. Anyone had only to see the condition of some dairy cattle that arrived a f*w days back, from the South Coast,' to form an idea as to how the part, which used to be spoken of as tbe ' garden of Australia' and a land flowing with milk and honey, is f wins just how People who '? arrive hpre from New' England and the Western and Southern tablelands all tell the same woeful tale of drought and despair. Cattle and horses dying by thousands, and sheep by tens of thousands. Squatters mortgaged up to their eyes with the Bank, seeing nothing but ruin staring them in the face. When times of drought arise the cheerful bush Ananias gets to work and recalls the droughts he has -experienced nnd the wonderful adventures lie has gone through. Here is a sample yarn: — Was once on an out-back coach-trip, in company with two constables, two long sentence prisoners, a drummer, and nine bottles of whiskey. Second day out, driver said ' He'd be ? if he. was going to drive a coach for any 50 bob a-week ; he was going to hare a sleep. And he did, in. the racket the back of the coach. Then argument started betweeD a prisoner and a constable as to which was the better waltzer, and it was decided to settle it forthwith, with the drummer as umpire. Tbe convict's leg-irons were accordingly fastened up with a portmanteau strap, the other constable whistled an alleged tune, and they started on the weirdest- of fandangos. 'Presently the leg-iron fell down and tbey both tripped over them, and couldn't get up, and it took half-an-hnur to bullock them back into the coach, where the remaining Bobert was weeping on the other prisoner's shoulder, and swearing he'd never hand him over at the gaol; ho'd tear his blanky uniform off 'first! It was a wild-eyed and drought stricken procession that reached the town ship, 10 hours late next day. Probably were any Macleay man to turn up in the aforesaid barren wastes of tbe west and tell the people there that at the present time in this particularly favored district there was grass galore, and that paddocks, capable of grazing from two to three beasts to the acre, were only partially stocked he would be regarded a purveyor of as high class romance as Mr. De Rougetnent, or fully equal to the cheap variety of Ananias, who, writing in the ' London Sketch ' of August 12 last, says : ' It is not generally known that a dingo makes a most reliable and care f nl Bheep dog, working a flock juBt as well as a collie, odc of his peculiarities being that he never barks under any circumstances, but collects his sheep and driveB them where thev are wanted to go by gently nipping them in the heel.' What the writer's idea of ' reliable and careful ' is, it would be hard to say, and eheepowners we don't think care much to have the heels of their eheep 'gently nipped.' That some dingoes and the cross with collies will sometimes make fairly in telligent cattle dogs is dretty well known, but as a sheep dog the dingo is better known for his fancy for cold dead mutton than his love for tending live vheep. The artistB, who, by the old fashioned system of writing some one else's name to cheques, have recently fleeced several local tradespeople, apparently have, achieved a success far more than might have heen anticipated by such antiquated methods. One would have thought that the passing of valueless and forged cheques would be a system of ' taking down ' that would have soon been detected, but it appears not. How the 'taking down ' business can be conducted in a more up-to-date fashion is thus related by our contemporary, the Nepean Times. It says : — A gentleman who resides not a hundred miles from this office recently took it into his head to study up spiritualism. For weeks and weeks he studied hard, and although he had some slight manifestations in spirit rapping, he had really never seen or conversed with a real genuine spirit. He was troubled somewhat in his sleep recently, and on waking somewhere about midnight, when ghosts do walk, be saw beside his bed the figure of his deceased father. He wasn't much alarmed, for he expected a visit from the unknown. So questioning the spirit, be asked, ' Are you the spirit of my father ?' ' Yes,' said the spirit ; 'Are you happy?' said the questioner;,' Yes,' said the spirit. He said be was pleased to know his father was happy, and wanted to have some further conversation, but the spirit said he must get away then, but he'd call again and have a long chat. He departed, and the new spiritualist knew no more till be woke about daylight next morn ing to find his watch and money gone. The ghost hasn't been seen since. We find in a Scotch contemporary an amuBing and interesting incident. Two leading teetotal lights of Kirkealdy were returning home one night after attending a highly successful temperance meeting, when they managed to get spilt out of their trap, receiving some damage. A local editor, after giving full details of the accident, added with grim humor, ' Fortunately both gentlemen were sober at tbe time.' The veiled sug gestion that they were not customarily sober greatly irritated the temperate couple, and a strong letter was written to the editor, demandingjan apology. The apology duly appeared. It ran: — 'Messrs. ? and ———demand an apology for our having stated that at the time of their accident tbey were both sober. We have pleasure in withdrawing our observation.' The boiler of a Mississippi (U.S.A.) steamer exploded recently at Memphis. The boat was sunk and 60 persons drowned. Mr. Harry Bickards, the well-known theatrical manager, has bought the Tivoli Tbeatre and hotel. Wilson, charged with the Ipswich (Q.) crimes, has been committed for trial on three separate charges. Miss Hsug, of Wingbam Public School, has been promotod to class 1, pupil teachers ; Messrs G. Tilbrook and P, Nelson, of West Kempsey Superior Public School, have been promoted to CInss 2, pupil teachers. 