THE AUSTRALIAN DEBBIL-DEBBIL. A GHOST STORY. It was during alamb-marking sea son that my first and last experience and actual contact, with a ghostly visitor was mado. If I livo until A.d. 2000 I sliall not forget it. Wo wore doing the rounds on a big holding, where it was usual to breed from 50,000 ewes. I was overseer, and always did tho work from a flying camp. The winter floods had been severe, and the waters were still well out on the run, so the young stock had to be marked where we found them, as it was impossible to drive them to the regular yards. The paddocks looked more like a lot of islands than anything I could name. Oalico strips wero used for yard-making, as in many parts of the run timber was scarce, and the ground was too boggy to permit anything being carted. Our tents, goods, and chattels were carried on packkorses, and the latter we had to tie up at night in order to be sure of them. We had been out a fortnight, and had got about half through the work. There were 13 of us in the camp, viz,, one cutter, two age and ear markers, one tail docker, eight catchers, and the cook. As it was getting late in the year for marking we wore early birds at work, and did not want any rocking to send us off to sleep when we turned in at night. It was on a Friday night after a very trying day, we having marked in no less than seven makeshift yards. "We had a big yard full of ewes and lambs, and I found it nocessary to arrange a watch for tliom. The moon was at its full, and tho wind simply howled through tho pine forest in which wo wore camped. I had rigged up a patent alarm. It was an old oil drum filled with sand, into which I had punched a hole, and had timed it to empty at midnight which was my time to go on watch. The drum was placed on a camp table to emptj on to a sheet of galvanised iron, so that when empty the end of the sheet of iron would overbalance with the weight of tho sand and upset tho drum on to a tin dish, under which \- I had placed throo pannikins to keep it off the ground, so that when struck it would make lots of noise. "We turned in earlj', and were soon as sound asleep ns the dead when over she weut. My chum Bob (who was camped in the same tent with me) and I awoke at the same time, and saw the most hideous figuro imagin able sitting where the drum had been grinning horribly. Neither of us is at all nervous, having lived in the wilds of the bush too long for that sort of thing, but there was no getting away from tho fact that the figure was there. For a moment or so 1 thought it must bo a dream, the after effects of an ingar (crayfish) salad I had been very atton. tive to at supper. Bob soon dispelled that idea, by exclaiming, "Well, I'm , what the smoko is it ? " Bob's was "determined." This explanation is necessary, as he was always particular about his lan guage, and nevor stooped to anj'thing small. We tossed up to see which should taclrlo it, and as he was ovc-r so much the stronger I lost. So putting on a bold front and cocking1 up » stiff upper lip, I walked up to it and put my hand on its shoulder. You may perhaps be able to imagino my feelings, for I found my arm wont right through the fignro. When Bob saw this he whipped me up ovc-r the shoulder and carried mo out of the tent. We awoke the camp and told them our experiences. I am not easily beaten, so was puzzling my brain to suggest a cause for this fearful visi tation. The whole of the camp hauda looked in at the figure from a respec table distance, and it wae, if any thing, more hideous than beforo. To say that the majority of the hands wore scared would but mildly express it. Tho cook and fivo others cleared out into the bush just as thoy wore, and did not stop until they reached the homestead, which was several miles away. Besides, the distance they travelled th03' must have had aomo long swims, as thc-ro wero two creoks to cross, as well as many big holes which had boon filled by tho floods. Thrco of tho others fainted (they were aboriginal youths), and remained dead to the world for a long time, with the exception of screaming out at odd intervals, " The debbil dobbil." Tho balance of tho camp managed to keep their light ends up, and had no end of a time, as two of tho fainted took it into thoir heads to develop fearful fits. Wo got them pretty quiet towards morning. It was our first night in that camp, and seemed like a week. Next daj', or rather later in the day, we tracked tlio missing men, and persuaded them to return to the camp. Everything was as it had heen, and nothing unusual appeared that day. Whon night camo on we all watched, Ijiit nothing strango happened until 12.30 a.m., when tho apparition began to gradually appear, assuming "the same position aa on the first occasion. Tho foot and legs appeared first, thon gradually the whole figuro, which-had the same wild grin on its face. Tho ej'es simply gleamed. Bob and X went into the tent together, although tho othoru implored us not to interfere with anything- so unearthly-looking. However, wo wero determined to try to unravol tho uivstory. When going in I by clianco looked back, and sa.w that the rnoou was shining-in a dead lino with a standing tree (which-had Loon burnt through in patches) and ' our tent, which was lined with dark green bairn The apparition was . formed by tho moonlight shining through theso patches. They mado a I perfectly weird and hideous shadow- j graph. I pointed out what was to be [ seen to Bob, and wo called all hands ' in and showed up the mystery. Tho j cook prepared us a very good simper, j which was much appreciated. We i wore all greatly amused at tho -"sell," j and after much hoartj' laughter turned j in between our blankets, and slopt jsoundly until pretty late in tho fore moon. I loft the tent standing ju3tas ? it was, to enable a lot of llio district j people to see the " ghost "for thorn ?solves. Many of our friends availed fliomisoJvea of the opportunity of visit- I inor nnr winm durinsf tlint moon. -OLD ! .JACKAROO, in the " Sydney Mail/' 