Yabber-Yabber. (By THE GRAFTER.) v ' Terewth says that the meeting of Par liament will be made especially interest ing to women by ' the swearing-in of Jonorton ! What a libel on the sex ! ... ? Paid Parliaments, they say, ' ax6 loath : to seek '.'re-election ; but in the unpaid 'House ... of .Commons,' the .Disraeli Parlia ment of '74 lasted years ; the Salis bury Parliament of '85 lasted six years and two weeks ; and the present House has been in existence for over five years. Tell us another fairy ! ; . ? * * * 'Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond ; the cauliflower , is nothing but a cabbage with a college education.'— Mark Twain. Give up being a cabbage — Join your Union ! * * * In Sydney there are about 1600 bakers, but the Union has only 180 mem bers. Is it any wonder that their hours are from 12 to 16 daily and from 16 to 20 on Fridays? — or that their wages don't average 5d. per hour ? If men prefer to be slaves, who shall liberate them ? * * * Government bread contracts are, it is said, given to sweaters who pay only 3d. per hour. The bakers have only just summoned up sufficient courage to mention the fact. The responsibility is theirs. They might have had the matter ventilated in Parliament any time during the last eight years. The Labor Party has been asking for. grievances to right all the time. The public should underr stand that overworked, underpaid bakers mean impure bread. ? ' ; : There is a movement afooib for a ,Lyne Haynes-Labor-Party coalition, which may possibly be joined, if it comes to a head, by the discontented portfolio hunters with which Parliament swarms. It ' is said that this , proposed new. , party has no hopes of ousting the Ministry at present, but is desirous of driving Reid and Barton into closer alliance, and attaching to their joint forces the stigma of Conservatism. Now that Federation has permanently sunk the fiscal question so far as State politics, is concerned, Radicals of . varying fiscal opinion's ' have no ca,use for dis union. ' M ?/': ? * * * How many Sydney tailors does it take to make one good Unionist? There are .not three clean shops in Sydney : they all sweat ! The city swarms with 'rat' tailors who take work home at any price, and sit working all week, night and day, with the miserable serfs they have brought into a world of slavery and sin. If caught on Sundays— 'why, they are work ing on their own . garments ! When an epidemic carries off Governor Beauchamp and Cardinal Moran, then we may get 'home work ' abolished. It is the most filthily unhealthy form of labor ; it is a curse to the community as well as to the tailoring trade ; it is a sin against the Holy Ghost, i.e., man's desire for better things. * * * Once, in Sydney, the tinsmiths and galvanized ironworkers made good wages, but honorable employers were gradually driven out while the men were asleep and sweaters have now got the business. To-day, an ironworker has to turn out 12 baths per week for 22s. 6d. ! And we talk of a unity of brethren beneath the Southern Cross ! There can, under pre sent conditions, be no unity, no brother hood, no strong social ties where Unionism is not tne dominant industrial iorce. xt costs more at present to keep Barton's gastric juices busily employed for a week than a tinsmith can earn in a year 1 Nice Brother, Barton ! Get him in the Union ! . * * * Iredale and other Australian c#feketers used to complain bitterly of Ranji's pub lication while here of his views on Aus tralian v. English cricket, but Ranji never wrote anything in his life so one sided and intolerant as the notes of the Australian tour— written by Australian cricketers — published in the D.T., Star, and News. For instance, the ' unsports manlike conduct' of Grace in not con senting to lengthen the playing hours on the last two days of the first test match was most acridly criticised. Now it turns out that Darling, who wanted the hours of play on the last two days lengthened by half-an-hour, had, during the first two days, protested against the play time being from 11.80 to 6.80 — with an interval for lunch of only three quarters of an hour — and asked that the latter half-hour should be knocked off. His request not being granted, two days later he talks of ' unsportsmanlike be haviour' because Grace does not grant his request to add an additional half-hour to the playing time by commencing at 1 1 a.m. ! And his scribbling comrades take up the cry. They must surely forget that in Australia matches of importance are not commenced until 12 a.m. and are closed at 6 p.m., and that an hour and a quarter tout of the intervening seven hours is deducted for lunch and tea, which is to say that the actual playing time in Britain is 6£ hours while here it is only 4f hours. We have sent bats men and bowlers to Britain, but brains and behaviour have apparently been left behind. The cricket-going public here does not appreciate such schoolboy be haviour and does not relish those biased reports. , i , . * Millerand, the- new French Minister, is an ' eminent Parisi an lawyer . He founded some years ago La Petite Rcpxiblique, ,u a journal de combat ,' in. order to unite the eight Socialist groups. In turn, the leader of each furnishes the editorial. For a ? considerable time, he has repre sented the Department of the Seine in the Chamber of Deputies, and, like Jaures and Clovis-Hugues, is an Inde pendent Socialist. Baudin', his colleague, like Guesde, is a Marxist, and repre sented a provincial department. Broadly speaking, the French Socialists' political programme asks for : — Direct Go vern- ment. by the Initiative and Referendum; abolition of militarism and substitution of a national militia ; abolition of annual grants to churches; the resumption of church lands; progressive land aind income taxes ; elective and removable magistrates ; free education ; old age pensions ; the municipalization and nationalization of services of credit and supplies of food, &g.; Some folks have an ambition to split up the Australian tabor movement after the French fashion. Of course, there is. no finality to the development of political parties once the process 'commences. Evolution takes many pathways towards its goal, .and some apparently lead away from it. But it gets there just the same. ' . 1 The idiotic muttOn-fed warriors' who are how'' volunteering' to slaughter the Boers are -apparently ignorant' of what they are going to fight for. Presumably they imagine political liberty will .be achieved' ' for ' the Uitlanders if they suc ceed, aided, by a few thousand Britishers, in subjugating ' the Transvaalese ! Nothing can be further from the , 'truth: At the Bloemfontein Conference,'' Sir Arthur Milner, the Imperial envoy, pro posed (a) that the full franchise should be given to every foreigner who had been! resident for five years in the Republic ; (5) had declared his intention of residing permanently there ; (c) had taken an oath to obey the laws; ( d ) to undertake all the obligations of citizenship and defend the independence of the country ; (e) pro vided that he was of good character; (/) and possessed of a certain amount of property or annual income. Which is to say that Milner and the wealthy Uit landers do not really care a hang about the franchise— if they did, they would demand it for all men, irrespective of income — and are merely making it a peg on which to hang a row. They want a pretext to take the country from the Boers — that is all, and don't carry the farce far enough to pretend that they want a vote on the score of manhood for every citizen ; and, furthermore, if they defeat the Boers, the Fat Men who own the mines will take mighty good care that the wage-earners of Johannesburg are not permitted to vote while they can prevent it. And the fool Britisher in the Transvaal, in Britain, in Canada, in Aus tralia, is preparing to shed his blood to obtain political liberties for his down trodden brethren in the Boer Republic which those who pull the strings do not intend him to enjoy! If there were no fools, the rogues would not have inherited the earth. 