! novel. ' Tbe WondrWUl By u. g. McClelland. CHAPTER XVI. — ZOmprrrnnm \ . Vandan nodded enthusiastically. 8ne **? enjoying herself immensely, and awM to keep on with it. 'Tlie hat incident was good,' she affirmed finite dramatic, and in oharaoter with the. net ot the performance. Donevan reoognized yoa, do you think F* Guthrie shook his head, and polled at his beard meditatively. ' Tune has gotten in stronger work along W Unas, he said. * From a beardless strip ling Pv# become a griasled and well-nigh middle-aged man. I shouldn't identify my own pan and present if I hadn't watched tto evointiofi. She has no «*»«**** ft of recog nition! There is no associating resemblance ?Sont me, and nobody hare uses my Ohris tiift name, whioh is the only one she over beard. Unless the old wonder- witch kept aw in mind, 1 make no doubt she's for gotten me long ago/ The young lady did not agree with him. she knew very well tbat women are not pvoaa to forget pretty little adventures of wihtoh they themselves are the lieroinee. She made this plain to him, fJiwi denuded Information about the wonder* Witoh. 1 Xoa Sothemers have so nu&j; signs and Wonders that my brain reels under them,' she declared. 'Babbits' feet, and oroaa. auric* la the path, and jaek-boxes filled with dried snakes, lizards, uodbird- leathers, 000 jure flhsrms . and look, signs, and death Ma disaster portents, make a snpernatusl medley that xahkee oraeoionsness doesn't taadily sssimilate. And the queer part is tbat so many intelligent people among yon take tbe thing seriously and allow for it. What in h«av«n's name is a wonder- witch? Bhars a asw species to ma.* Guthrie l*ughed amusedly. A Che wonder - wiich Is the ang I gave Jus Donevan,* he ?splaiMd. ' We always called it that Jwaaaaofalegeod connected with it. svdi torspiamiallui. of a necroiE actio old crone ontherijoet' . g' the period leaned baok in her1 jmi regarded her companion with andta^nised admiration. \- .,'jPna really an the most affording people I'sfte eseonntered,' she deolAred , frankly. * Youare «11 survivals. Bfaok a pin in the Mfcsr itdfji to imp tbe plaoe, me, ligkt hem and now, about the wonder Witoh.' CHAPTER XVIL ' Many generation# ago,' Guthrie began, 4m snuswtm of mine, a wealthy Magyar faun the Carpathians, fell in love with a Upaisiiy (id, the grandchild of tbe queen of ! Sfowerfnl tribe of Tajganies whose hood- ] , Quarters wan in that part of Hungary. IY»fliU»n dornliibes the young woman as ] Mr dy_ Tiaaatifnl, with woodsr- bright eyes, 1 J«i 4» aofe- flowing speech of her people JEbeKagyar loved well, and thegiri irt his |i§Ste at flood; but the old woman was fttvaHs Itet was among the 'fiomany ] Ofaal*' a aoltor whom shfi lavored, and j MMght bf fair means anil foul to being the] IMlck. about. .Tradition is batr as to ' jW« tit* gypsy lover was preferred: MoaaM of tzibal praj^dioe*, or whether! flwp waa *oaae apasiai to my anuialis Actatn it is that the old woman rag^d, and ^ wasted Oi* km in every way possible. Vh* MQpema to Mm been . k remarkable ? ssaatan— a wis* mm, dssgfy lnarnwl in fiinaltin aadaaany mft» «f septet knojr Mas. 8he_wa*Teoed in the Bteok Art, a fadomr ci Biratis'Xaxtuaiid a pnstlser of : , WBlgle, -0 that, i^iarttajm her triSjoriBan, with tbdT^gantos dsdt ad^it the ^rPT. «u)Cak .«na-Ui* said tiiat jHib^rilnh-ttothefr euited ner deeoendant, then sad there, - witb «r oursemiiqBe and teniae, (aoing to the east, whenoe oomes magio, and spntediiie her annn, so that the very winds might betr her malediction to its object. An d the autsb wat that beoause the young 'wife hid for saken cm and kindred for lore df the Magyar, her heart should know no other love, either of children, or kindred, or nation, or friends, but undtfe the weight of one dominanoe should petrify elowly, oom pressing and hardening like stone. ? Through Hie old wonder-wiliBhV in* flueoee, the corse was passed from bib* to tribe of the Tsigsnles antil it penetrated' to the bdde'a hiding-plaoe and -wrought on her imagination to such a degree that she sickened. The Magyar did everything in his power to weaken or remove the impreae lon, even to attempting to assassinate the oanse of the trouble, but without avail. The idea of a petrifying heart had taken hold of the girl and was not to be dislodged; So insistent beoame her dioad that, after thd birth of her child, a boy with a BomMy faoe and llagyar nature, for whom die oared nothing, the pair returned to Hun gary, hoping to propitiate the old wonder witoh and obtain a remission* They had just as well have attempted to remove the Carpathians with a glass lever. The author of their woe rejoiced in her power, and took fresh hold. She wrote out the omse in a soroll, and would study it, plaoing herself .frequently in the young wife's path and pointing downward at it with her finger. ' To make a long story short, au excited imagination got its fell work of superin ducing dlsmBe, and the gypsy wife preeenuy aiea ror rear ot dying, la *-»» day the belief in magio held sway, and credulity and superstition were leatih hounds to be loosed at a nearomanoer's will. The girl was buried aooording to Hagyar usages, but it is claimed that the Romaay «t»l. at the instigation of the old wonder-witoh, spirited away her body, and tbat its ultimate resting plaoe vae known only to the gypaie9. Her heart was removed and chemically treated so that petrification really took plaoe. \- Whether or not the old woman finally repented of the indireot murder, and sought to bring good out of evil, tradition does not state ; but it appears that on his attaining puberty she presented the dead woman's son (and her own great-grandson) with a carious ring of hand- hammered gold, set with a sttange looking signet, the eubstanoe. of whioh no lapidist has ever been able to determine, or oould without resolving it to its original elements. The stone is heart- i shaped, dulled red in hue, and delicately veined with a darker oolor. It is said to be a bit of the petrified heart. Upon it is engraved a perfeot representation of tbe wonder- witoh herself, with her fingers on tbe scroll. The outting is said by experts to be unusually strong and fiae. * ? The magio property olaimed for this' ring is that it insures oonstancy in women. No woman, aooepting it from a man, can falter or turn from allegiance to him. The ring passes from mother to Bon, a mode of progress a trifle unusual. It has on it a Romany inscription, a free translation of whioh is, - What I love, I desire ? what I desire, I grasp : what I grasp, I hold-' ' The Magyar's son, being half Bomany, found out all this from his mother's people, and transmitted it. He married a German, i ana ms son an ningusnwoman, and so to. the final American mixture. The ring, with its history, was given me by my mother.' ' And a very abominable history it ia,* commented Muw Vandan. ' Fancy -»!..-» betrothed with an obnoxious bit of bewitohed flesh instead of a nioe, wholesome diamond! It makes one feel orawly and bedevilled only to think of it. And eighteen years ago you foisted this unoanny thing npon poor, unsuspicious Rath Donevan 1 Ton ought to be ashamed of yourself, Or. Guthrie ! To triok . your own aooomplioe, after tricking your enemies 1 It was a most shameless and outrageous performance. Suppose you'd gotten yourself killed, and that dear woman had been compelled to go through life spell-beund to eternal fidelity to a ghost ! What sort of denouement would that have been P Guthrie parried her attaok gayly, de claring that to the ghost sueh a result would have been eminently satisfactory. Hs even audaciously maintained that, if the wonder-witoh had in tenth guarded the position for him, she was an ancestress worthy of honof, as well as the ablest strategist of her oyole. Whereupon Miss Vandan entered the oounter ? declaration that Guthrie himself would ~be treasure-trove to the heredity people, as demonstrating in his own person how such traits as malevolence and disregard will persist through unnumbered generations. They talked a great deal of nonsense, those two, and with it all Guthrie's spirits improved to the point oi considering his oase rather hopeful, and of feeling that, somehow, bis hold upon Ruth was renewed. As for Hiss Vandap, her brain aotualiy teemed with plans and suggestions. For the first time in her career she was visibly enfolded with an atmosphere of unoal oalating jomuiee. Her soul joyed within her, and every fibre of her being was set on the evolu- ion of a suitable denouement. For the next day or so she and Quthrie were inseparable, and that their oommunion waa satisfactory was evidenced by the beatitude of their countenance. When Hugh Donevan reappeared, the young lady promptly took him into confidence, a proceeding to whioh Gothrie might have objected had he not caught a glimpse of the aroana of another situation. CHAPTER XVIII. Virtue has need to be its own reward, for in the reaction after a hard duty has baen performed, if it were not for the approving I consoienoe, one would have nothing. JBven j then the oonsoienoe must approve lustily in : order to hold misery at bay and ?««-» duty 1 appear worth the doing. From her point of view, going away had seemed to Ruth the . beet possible course, and she had braoed np her nerves, held down her heart, and taken it gallantly. During the ride np to the gap, the exeroise, change, and her brother's sooiety had made it relatively easy to hold : thought quiescent. Not had the next day been bad, for her kinswoman was delighted to see her, and eager in the interchange of ! inquiries and aooount* of looal happenings. ! Hugh's return home made a break also, for directions had to be given and messages sent to tbe servants. It was on the third day that the reaction set in heavily. Ifise Randolph awoke with a blinding siok headaohe, for which the only remedy was absolute quiet in a darkened room. She was an intelligent woman cud a good raoontear, with a fine store of observation and experience to draw on, and the gift of illustrative and sympathetic ? expression. The house strangely silent without her, and Bu*h wandered about- cut adrift from her own usual oooopations, and with no others to take plaoe. ' This was misery's ohanoe, and it straightway availed itself, pouncing down like a vampire and driving its beak into her heart with intent to suck theoo* the life blood of courage and hope. Both a very bad time of it, made worse by the strength and Soundness of her own nature. Her oode was so simple and yet so uncom promising : to love grandly, to trust generondy, end to follow the dictates of consoienoe without shirking or subterfuge — that was all of it. Enough, too, to give body and snhstamoe to angering as well a* to joy. Wearily snd insistently die went over it all, love playing Ihe gamut from exaltation, through wonder and pain, to renmuaation, lingering miserably over the minor chord* until life seemed a dirge and strained heartstrings the fit instrument whervss to play it. And thai ^oae ttt lsm hard to endure- To her it 'was real and tangible, and the thought that It might be nnneoeBsary never entered her | mind. . In the afternoon the inn&ta; gallantry oi [her nature J a necessity lor action. The atmosphere of the dlsnt house seemed to smother her, and she ordered her hone. She must get out into Ihe open and exeroise aid weary her body, so that brain sad heart iright find . relief in physioal needs. , An muwlaowtodged sentiment had caused Bath always to 'use gray cloth for her habits, bid she had yielded to convention ality in the, matter of head gear. . On this trip, however, she had worn Jaokfs slouoh hat, partly from on explained impulse, and partly bom deliberate effort at renewal oi old association. For the latter reason bntirely, she rode a descendant of Lapwing and wore the wonder-witch's ring. On the wiay to the gap she had kept the tUk on war topics, erioouraged Hugh to reminisoenoe, and even dnwn from the oloeet of memory and dusted hef own wild escapade. The partiin very truth, was has, and in it, to her knowledge, was no other woman. Bo now, u her ride of unrest, she in stinctively turned her hone in the direction of the old frame house whioh witnessed the climax of her adventure. It was situated several miles from Miss Randolph's, and during Ruth's former visits had always been occupied, so that, although she had passed it occasionally during the eighteen yean, and was somewhat familiar with tbe exterior, she had nbvor orossed the threshold sinoe that old time of ^Federal occupation. The situation was isolated, and after the death, many yean previous, of the owner, and the dispersion of his hein, it had boen impossible to get suitable tenants for the old house, snd it had gradually graded down, falling into worse and worse hands with each renewal of occupants. At the time of Ruth's last visit, three yean before, it had been in possession of a lawless family of mountaineers, named Wakefield, a morose, evil lot, more than suspected of illicit practices. During this oooupanoy the house degenerated from mere an thrift and dilapidation into the unmistakable aspoot of disrepute whioh a house can aoquire when kept continually in bad company* it was sospeoted that the cellars were need as a depot for contraband whiskey, hut for a long time the suspioion went unverified. The population thereaway was spaise, and the Wakefields wars known to be keenly averse to interference, and, in both eexee, addicted to the swift use of fire arms, with great certainty of aim. (To be continued.) 