A Lawyer who Turned Burglar. A grey-haired man with a prematurely old face shambled into the vestibule of a restaurant one night last year. and pressing his face against the glass door a hunogrily in at the throng around the tables. About three tables from the door sat a man in earnest conversation with another man, who happened to glance op and see the haggard face pressed against the pane. He started, '" looked intently at the face, and then jumping from his chair, ran to the door. He grabbed the arm of the grey-haired man, who had started to go away, whispered a few wods to him, camoe ba?eck ." ' and got his hat and coat. and then teft the restaurant. His friend sat at the table patiently awaiting his return. The man who went out was a detective, who had come to take back a fugitive from justice, and the man who sat waiting for him was an officer who had been entertaining him. It was almoet an hour before the detective returned. Hoe came in looking very much perturbed, threw himself in his chair, and said :--"Talk about seeing ghosts I 1 thought I'd seen one then. That man there has just risen from the grave. The dead live again, or, at last, I know sev.ral hundred people who'd think o if they'd seen that man as I saw him looking through that door an 'hour ago. But he's flesh and blood, and would you believe it, he s worth .£O00) in the market to-day.' If there was £10.000 reward out against him I wouldn't take him in. Why, there wasn't a question but what he was dead. That's why I called him a ghoet, and he is but a ghost of what he was a faew years ago. Ten years ago there was a series o robberies, evidently the work of an expert eracksman that we were hard put to it to get a clue to the identity of the man. 1 started on the theory that no local man could do such work. B?u?lar alarms, safes, and. wst-hmen were alike of no avait against this individual, and in not one instance was a job of his discovered until business hours the following day. Now, about a month before these bur glaries began a young lawyer moved to town, opened an office, took a home in a fashionable partof the city, and, with his wife, began to cat quite a figure in local society. I shall call him James Wright He seemed to have plenty of money, and his wife, who was very pretty, became S ery popular. As for Wright, he was a handsome young fellow, with the figure of an Apollo, and a knack of attiring himself in becoming clothes that speedily won for him the reputation of being the bet dressed man in town. I went to my room at seven o'clock one morning. having worked all night at one of these robberies. An hour later I was aroused by a newspaper reporter, who had assisted me in sevenl of my cases, and brought me the news that itlank's bank had been entered during the night, the vaults opened, and .id,000 stolen. When I got to the bank and looked over the ground I realised for the first time what a dever man I had to deal with in running down the author of these robbeies. For a week I frequented all the low resorts in town, hopig to get a clue, but it was all in rain. The tough characters in town were as much mystified over these robberles as was. Ever since the robbery of Blank's bank I had carried with me a brans button that I had found in the vault there. t hadn't much hope of ever getting hold of my man through it, but it was a dce, and, without saying 0 a word about my find to aaybody, I carned it with me always and just waited for omething to torn up. And something S ually did tarn up. It happened in this ' *The Woghts ga e a fancy dree ball. : It. was the swelleet social function for yeses, and local society tirned out to it The Chief sent me to that ball to sort of look out for things, for the women had all their jewellery out. I suddenly saw something which made me start. A man dressed as a castermonger walked acrss the floor and spoke to a masked lady. Then he walked out of the ball and went upstairs. * Who was that man' I asked rather abruptly of a woman I had been talking to. ' I don't know, she said, 'but if you really want to know I can find out, for the woman he spoke to is our hostess, 3ra Wright.' ' I have a reason for wanting to know,' I said, and my companion walked acroes the room withont hesitation, and sat down beside Mrs Wright I tell you I was on the anxiomu seat then. Why Oh, nothing, excepting that on the legs of the eoster monger's trousers, down at the bottom, there were little rows of brass buttons, and I had seen that one was missing from the left leg, and that the buttons cor responded with the one I found in Blank's bank. "' Why, that wao Mr Wright,"' said my messenger, retraning ; 'now take me oct an get me same cofe.' How I wanted to drop her that moment and get to work. But 1 went, she chatting merrily and I with my thoughts anywhere but with her. When re got in the haU, out Of sight of the other guests, she sp edily brought me to my senses. Grippin moe by the arm, she looked mo squarely in theefe and said: 'See here, you're a detective. I know it. Now, what do you want of Mr Wright .' She Laughed right in my face. SAre you going to tell me or not ti she said. 'Madam.' I said, for I eaw there was no use trifiing with her, 'I do not know you, and if I did I would have no right to dieclone mattero that are confided to me by my s.uperior. I amadetective, here by invitation of your hoet, to concern myself with the welfare of his ueesta and to do nothing else. I hace not sought to thrust myele' cn an7 of the guestn, Cnd ' You shall tell me ~cia hiing at once,' she said, paying no attention to my "apoloacs. o"' , can trot me. Look and _ee if you can't,' and she raied her ra;i. I had been tolking to the wife of the I'reei dent of the Ioar? of Po!ice Coa mrl?icners, a woman fCamos Lthere for her cleverness. ' [ happen to know the work yon'vo been enga?ged on of aIte. I'm tnteretted, too. Is it Wright ?' I made no answer. 'Is it Wright ' she insisted, stamping her foot. 'I cannot talk soch things with you here,' I zid. ' Come t,. my house to-morrow,' she said. ' Before you go, though, let mat warn you to act quickly if you'r rgo;:ng:o aO t at r.ll. tlteso peol!a atre nearing the linitar.' I caled next mornin and shre told, me the facts. ' Liek al clever mcn,' sh: sidr, ' Wright hos a weokner. fire odore tihat wife of his and terts her blindly. 'o has no money save what he geis from ime to time, the life Is dangerous, and it cauldn't surprise me if she akipped out rith one of our prominent citizens at any tines. If Wright had a suspicion of this e'd hill her without a doubt. You must act quickly or all your work will be in "Shortly after ten o'clock the next cooning the president of the bank in the city was seated in his private oties whbn Mr James \Vright' card was handed to him. 'Show Mr Wright in' he aild, and 'miling Mr Wright walked in and eat down. ' Mr IPraident,' he sid 1f am going to leave town to-day for good. My wife has already gone, but as I had a matter of business to attend to before going . stayed over.'. Exactly, Mr Wright, exactly,' said the peideUnt. Ot wanlt a cheque for £4000, aid Wright 'A pretty largo amount,' aid the preni dent. tHavo you the Uash near by ' ' My dear air, I haven't a cent in the world.' 'lBut, Mr Wright, we a?n scarcely- ' Now, I'm not here to argue,' said Wright, 'but to get the money. My time in very limited. Sines I have been in town I have had to depend on the carelesuness and otupidity of ie well-to-do citizens fora livelihood. You will excuse me if I insist on a little haute in this matter.' and Mr James Wright pulled out two shiny now revolvers. * It would pain me very much to have to us. these,' he said, `but if it becomes neces sary I shall useo them without hesitation. Now please write the cheque "The president, a man over (i, was mightily frightened, and he wrote out a cheque for £4000 and tossed it over to Wright. Take it and go, you scoundrel,' he said, 'ot so fast, not so fast, said Wright. Yor cashier would certainly think I was joking it I took thin cheque out to him. And you-what would you be doing t I don't suppose you'd sit here patiently, would you I No, no, my dear sir. you will come to the cashier with me, will order him to cash this cheque, then we will return hero and count the money, ater which I will lock you in the room, and depart, and, by the way, if there in the slightest interruption in the proceI dings I will put a ballet through my head, but first I will send one into your heart.' Not a man, woman or child could be found who saw him after he left the bank A description of him was sent out through the country. .£2000 reward was offered for his capture, but five years ago the rewards were all withdrawn, save one of .20, which still stands. As for Mrs Wright, she eloped with a prominent citizen, and before she got through with hins he was almost a bankrupt." "And that was Mr James Wright whose face we saw pressed against the glass door to niht I " asked the officer. " It was," s?cd the detective, " andhe is a vagrant to-day, his splendid nerve and wonderful ability wrecked by his wife's infidelity. He told me just now that he lived but to kill her." 