MINING. KABOVHLI > At the Ealgarli the main shaft is down •tout 640ft, and sinking is being continued t.i a depth of 640ft, when orosaouttlng ti 11 '. tie started simultaneously at both levels. HAINAULT Orossenttlng has been started east and west from the matin shaft of the Halnault. , In the westward tbe continuation of Marty's ! lode In the South Kalgnrll will be met witb, while to the eastward tbe crosscut ahould paa through the two veins known to traverse \- Hie property. BOtTLDIB HALF-MILE S. A small parcel of ore broken from tbe vela* met wiUi in sinking the shaft and cNMontting at the Boulder Half-Mile aonth • bu been trea'ed, and the return! will be disclosed in • lew diye. The manager leaves . on a vis t to Adelal :e on Friday, and while .- than wQl probably arrange far i he shipment to the mliie of a nsw winding plant VtKDIO Oar correspondent wires:—it the Viking . mod Norseman Gold Mine* good progress Is -being made with the sinking of a winze from the 800ft level in tbe north shaft, and atoptegand rising , are in progress at the «HM Una bom below. It is antidpattd that connection will be established before Christmas, and that when It is established a aibetantial block of stone will be available for the battery. Driving north has now oeen resumed, and at the 300ft level the face ia in 105ft from shaft, the reef continuing a mean average width of 3ft, and the talne of the quartz IB lo/. per ton by battery treatment. On Saturday Mr John Morgan will relinquish the management in f<vor cf Mr T O Davies, who all along has baen associated with the successful working of .the mine. LAKE VIEW CONBOM All sorts of onlavorable reports are incirculation concerning tbe proapective returns during tbe next few months from the Lake View tiosaols, the principal being that the battery will be temporarily shut down, and that the monthly outputs would show a sub. etantial decrease for some time to come Inter reived to-day ihe manager stated the mill will not be shut down, and 20-head of stamps will be employed full time crushing oxidised ore. He also intimated that (be November return will be available at the end of the current week. PRINCESS UOYAL Toe conditions in tbe bottom level in the Princess loyal show no depreciation. Owing (o the fact that a etope haB been run in as a step towards establishing connection witb the winze, tbe drive to the north has not been extended very considerably. Tbe face ia now 18ft from tbe crosscut, atwhlcb point the reef ia still 3ft In width, and good gold was seen in breaking tbe stone. Going s.uth tbe drive has been taken in I6ft from tbe croBBCUl and the re^f made to 7fc in width, the atone being of good quality. To teat the reef at the bottom level a parcel of 60 tons was put through the battery during the past month for a return of 136oz 8dwt of smelted gold. The tailings assayed 15dwt per ton. Until the bottom level has been connected with the winze it will not be possible to employ tbe full crushing power. In the upper levela the etopes continue unaltered. BBOWNHILL Mr B. H. Barrett, of Perth, has received news from hiB London agenta to che effect that the directora of Hannan's Brownbill Co, have declared another dividend of 7B 6d. ihe capital of the company at present stands at £140,000, to that the amount to be dietributed vill be £62,600. This is the fifth 7s 6d dividend paid by the company during the present year, and represents a distribution of £228,760, the first three dividends having been paid on a capital of £110,000, which was the issued capital previously to tbe acquisition of the Brue Blue Company's right. As the company is still aggrandising its interests by the incorporation of the Brown, hiii Extended Company, Its future capital, should yeBterday'e meetings adopt the amal gamation scheme, will be £176,000. Including the dividend just declared, tbe mine has paid 4303,125 in dividends, equal to 262J per cent. The present dividend is equal to 37} per cent on the capital, or three and one' eighth per cent on the present market value ot the shares. MULLINE NOTES A promising strike was male in the Biverlna a few days ago. In driving at the 160ft level s fine body of rich sulphides was met witb, the amy value being over 63z to the ton. The reef is 3ft wide, and making stronger as it dips east. This must be highly satisfactory to the company, as they have secured the whole plant belonging to the now defunct Mulline Mining and Milling Co As the mine hai had so much exemption there will probably be little heird of her until abont the end of March next. Tbe Blverina South, owned by Mr Fir tniger, Is raising Bomt fine stone, and judging by the new strike in the Kiverina it should be Tome a valuable property. The Patience, owned by Mr Atkinson, is at present worked by tributors. There is also another reef running through tbe property, on which the prospector is at present sinking. The Bine Duck, owned by Dovett and b yan, has a big body of'quarts, but sj far only part of the reef has been proved payable.' The BefoBe, worked by Doctor and Hide, is looking much better, and the prospectors are confident of getting an ounce crushing, GENEBAL ITEMS , A glance at the details of the gold yield for November, published in Monday's issue, will show that tbe value of ore treated at smelters in the other colonlea ia exceedingly small, while .dnribg tbe month of October, which held the record yield of 20S,186oz 8dwt4gr, cloBe on 70,000oz of gold came from this source. As the great majority of returns from smelted ore have not found a plaoe In the November yield, which, though small, Is higher than any monthly yield last year, and has been exceeded during the current year by only four monthy. yields, the yield for Deoembar may reasonably be looked forward to as a record one, despite the Christmas exemptions. It la said that the outputs of several large mines at Ealgoorlie have not been included in the yield, 'ihe miners working in a copper mine at Blayney, in the western district of New South Wales, are mnch worried. Something is happening in the mine whioh they cannot understand. Some of tbe men suspeot ghosts . When the Idea was first mooted tiie more soeptloal men I—ghort at theij frightened mates; bat the occurrences have bean so strange that the belief has spread, and the misers, one ana all, are now in ai stats of utter oonsternadon. The men say the shaft ia visited by ghosts, and that while down below they hear strange nolBea, inch aa bell -ringing, singing, groaning*, and th« like. They have sought for a normal explanation and have discovered nothing. When they deaoend (he mine, they declare, their lamps are extinguished by their supernatural visitor. Home of the men also allege that while at work ' a something' has brushed past them,scaring their wits out of them. That the men believe in what they report is shown by the fact that six of them have rsslgned their wort owing to sheer 