MlltiNfc AMONG THIEVES; 4- OR, THE PERILS OF A NIGHT. «Pv fc.Kwnw Rwwwto) rEW Bpots for a traveller are more interest ing or worthy of Heine visited tl»® Now tS Forest, i 1 To those seok- , ing health it Horde an invigorating atmosphere, and to the lover of tho picturesque, tho finest scenery that can bo itnugined. There lea happy admixture of wild woodland, heaths and wildernesses (whore there Ib no trace of man) with highly eullivated and heauti- ' fu! patches, forming the most delightful contrasts that can well bo imagined. It Is many years ago now since I was In the locality, and the adventures I there encountered I do not suppose I shall ever forget. I was young, thoughtless and wil- iul, with a very fair Incorap and my profes- \- eion, that of an artist, followed more for pleasure than profit, Aftor. wondering about Hampshire for a fortnight or more, 1 left Bingwood with a determination to penetrate into the wild districts. I was seized with a spirit of unrest and could not bear to remain long in one pluce. I could not efface -from my memory one lmppy morning on the sands at Bournemouth, utid my mooting with a young girl, who, a book in hand, liad, in answer to my query, " if 1 had not seen her wan nco.3 |ireviuuv, in uonaou r wictt a light smile, murmured. " Yes." She was a pretty girl, with a wealth ofdurk brown hair, that in the sunshine (for her hat lay at her feet on the sands) shone with threads of gold. I had noticod with surprise that hor bright blue eyes were cast nervously around, and as she iu trembling ucconts bade me leave, I had of course moved away ; but though wandering' day after day to the Bands, in hopes of again-meet ing with my divinity, I saw her no more, and was how sad, morof e, and woebegone, travelling the conn 1 ry alone, for n London acquaintance who had been spending a few days with me had returned to town; Roving heedlessly on through t he wildost woods that camo in my way; I had. entered glade or ravine, when tho difetunb rumb ling of thunder warned mo that a storm was thand. . 1 Tho morning had been beaut iful, and tho afternoon, although occasionally overcast, had remained fine) but tho woods now be coming very dark and a few raindrops . nat tering oh tbe loaves caused me to hurry on. My position now was nob a pleasant ono. I was in the midst of a donee forest, with out any guide, quite nniicquuintsd with the road, and unaware if there was any place of "fchelter within mites of me.' Fur somo min utes aftor a second peal of thunder had died away there waa a perfect culm j it wue one of those pauses In a tempest which precede the grander conflict. Bub suddenly the alienee that reignod around me was broken by tho barking of n'dog. Cheered by' the welcome sound I sped on with renewed vigour, and just 08 the storm burst "forth in full fury, I saw, in a hollow about a hun . dred yards from me, a solitary habitation . just peeping out from the foliage. . , I presently . reached this, but. not be>oro I was drenohed bo the skin; utid finding tlie door on the latch I; unhesitatingly pushed it open and found- myself in a tolerably, large and remarkably clean apartment. The dogwhose barking had attracted ray notice I diecovored was one of tbe inmates, far no eoonor had I lifted the liitch than I heard a snappish bark, accompanied by h voice, crying, " Down Bolerl down sir," In the chimney corner beside a waning wood fire, I now beheld a bowed and crip pled old woman who sat shaking .with palsy, and who seemed to have been dozing or sleeping until my entrance disturbed her. 44 Who are you? What do you. want, ? " iho queried churlishly, . 'l am a stranger," I replied. " Have lo&i; my way in tbo forest and am prepared, if you will permit me, to pay for any little . accommodation I may receive." " Well, you may stop, though as a rule wo don't care for visitors ; this is not an Inn ! " mumbled the old cronej but despite her eurly and ungracious reception, I pre- . ferred to remain under shelter than brave / the storm that was roaring and raging with out. I had hardly sank into aoeat before, with an exclamation of bewildered surprise, I started up again aa my girt ot Mie sands at Bournemouth; baviog descended w flight of tairs that led up to a room overhead, now glided into the upartment ; her blue eyes, distended wide, star d upon me with as much terror depictted upon her features at though I were a ghost; ' " Ruth Raineforth 1 This isa delightful surprise I Believo me, hoWever, I Had no conception, when seeking. sholter from the tempest, that I should behold you hero." With a frown, and her fingers to .hor lips, the young girl, stepping forward and plac ing her hand upon my arm, waa about to speak, when tbe door was thrust violently open, a man appearing upon the threshold. The stranger starting bock aa he caught eight of me, - then addressed the trembling girl, who, in answer to his enquiries, ex claimed : II This is a gentleman who was caught in tbe storm," then, turning to me, added, II This is my brother." . . 14 They've met before, Dan. . Tho young . spark recognised Ruth aa she came down stairs. I'm nob blind or deaf, though I'm old I " said the surly old crone. 14 Is this so t- ' Do you know my sister, sir ? " eafd the man, in a rather conciliating . tone than otherwise, upon noting whioh I at once hastened to explain how I had meb Aiuiw, j-»i uiji uino Aiieasre, ana then again a few weeks Wnfore on the sonde at Bournemouth. 44 WeU, the world w large, but we do come across one another strangely at times, . and as you are here, my young friend, here you bad best stop until tbo morrow. There's not another house within three miles, and you'd never find your way . through tho forest on a fine night, leavo . alone during such a storm that's raging now. Ruth, go to your chamber ; and you, . young wun, draw nearer the fire, and make yoursolt at home." The man here, with a . .smile, handed me a chair, and his sister ' having paused by the stairs, he started for- . ward. -and, rather to my. surprise, and I r mast add disgust, unceremoniously thrust her out of tho apartmont. Tho brother was I a tall, powerfully-bufit man WUh a doggod bub nob unhandsome countenance ; bis age might have beon about thirty, but in spite offchoptrong likeness to his pretty sister, for whom I bad conoeived such a penchant, there was something about him I didn't like. After a time he drew beside me up to the fire, and, a bottle of old French brandy boing produced, he proceeded to mix some punch, which he offered to me, aod of which I gladly partook. As I was fatigued with my day's exer tions, after having indulged in three or four glaesfuls of punch, and a pipe, I Inti mated my desire to retire, and my host, lighting a candle himself, led tbe way to a small hub comfortable room upstairs. Thus, to my intense chagrin, I saw no more of the pretty Ruth, for whom my passion was now intensified. Sitting up and listening to tho howling storm, tbe shrieking of tho wind through the branches of the trees, and every now and again a crashing peal of thonder, sloop for me was out of the question, and, as I sab there alone, I presently became nervous and uneasy, and wished myself, I know not why, safe in the apartment of a com modious and peopled hostel instead of that tiny chamber in tho lone tonemen b, that I hod been informed by its inhabitant was a good threo miles from any other house. Ropeatodly I a?kod myself what was the cause that led to tho alarm expressed in the features of Ruth, and why had the mun, hor brother so determinatoly put her out of the room without allowing a word to pass botwoen us. Thinking of all this, 1 must hove beon sitting up an hour or more when 1 was suddenly startled, as I biw tho door of D CUnboard In tha corner nf tho room gradually gliding opon as though pressed outwards by someone within. The storm now quite ovor, a broud ray. of moonlight threw a palo, silvery glare into the apartment, and as I, with a shud der, gazed at the slowly opening, door, to my horror , the figure of o man appeared, gliding, as it were, from tho cupboard, bub in reality the body bent suddenly forward, coining, in u moment, with a dull dab upon the flooK Face down wards there: it lay without sign of life. By no means u coward, 1 yet felt very like shrieking jfke any woman as I'guzed in' frenzied horror ut the motionless figure before mo ; then, recovering from my startled surprise and terror, 1 strode for wards; and bonding down; with a nervous- push drove the body over on its side. As I had suspected there . wos no life in that inanimate form. Tho moon glistening «upon the livid features revealed all the , 'horror of udeath by strangulation ; the 'blue lips, the face black and empurpled, ' the tongue (hulf lolling out ) bitten through, and the' pro truding oyobulls with'thelr glassy, vooanb orbs distended, gave a hideous, grotesque aspect to the corpse, and, spollbouud with horror, I had not heard the gentle offouing of tho door or'a softfootf≪ behind me, only startled to ihe consciousness that I wos no longer alone as a tiny-hand woe pluced upon arm. 1 - - ; -"My.'God! what led you to open thot cupboard ? " gasped my visitor, the pretty Ruth, her own face now livid us that of the corpse.. ' . \- 41 1 did nob opon tbo hiding-place of the dead.: The door I fancy gave way as the body of that poor murdered victim pressed againeb it 1 " I exolaimed, as l now, with a ehuddor drew back from the girl whom I hudiso strangely dlcovered was associated with assaesiiis. .. Evidently noting my notion of sudden aversion', the poor girl, her eyes swimming In tears, exclaimed : ' : 44 1 understand, Mr. Morrison, you hold in horror now the girl vrhom . you suppose to . be ' the sister of a murderer, but George Rainsforbh, though a reprobate, is no assassin. That poor creature there was a comrade who, locked up in a prison coll, committed suicido in preference to standing a chance of penal servitude. . The corpse was. brought here yesterday to be removed to London to-morrow for Christian burial, by; an old widowed mother, I feared your discovery, by eomo accident of the unburied dead. You now know all. Come, it is a fine night, and I myself . wilt conduct you safe through the forest." "Bub' surely your brother——,"; I ex claimed. 44 Is away following up that pursuit— the crime aguinsb the laws— which has led the unhapy man at' our fecbto' an early and suicide grave. Know at once that my brother is a thief and . poacher. He pur- posed, when he returned homo with his vile associates, to rob you. He locked me in my room, but I am here to guido you hence." , \- Leaving the ghastly corpse upon the floor, Ruth now, beokoning me forth, made her way from the chamber of death, and, nob being elow to follow, la another ten minutes I Was out of the house. Nob without danger did we make our way through the forest, more than onico narrowly escaping the gang of poachers that were prowling through tho woods ; und, indeed, had it not been for my brave conductress, 1 fear I should nob have got off scathless upon thab night of peril. lb was \ 'early dawn when we reached a little village,' end here, knocking up the host of a pretty rural roadside inn, I waa able to procure a good breakfast, of which I stood much in need; tho horrors of the preceding night nob having quite robbed me of n good appetite. . At my earnest solicitation Ruth accom panied mo' to Southampton, and there dur ing tho following duy we were joined by her brother, -who, thenceforth giving up .'his evil ways and associates, a few months after our first meeting emigrated by my assis tance v to New South Wales, joining out thore an old friend of my late father's, with whom he got on very well, killing plenty of game on his own account. Ruth did uot leavo England, but changed ber name from Rainsforbh to Morrison. 