The Diocesan Festival. Services at St. Peter's Cathedral. The city of Armidale is beginning to wear j quite an ecclesiastical appearance. Already ■ a number of dignitaries, including the Archbishop (Dr. Saumarez Smith), Bishop Stretch, and the Rev. Canon Pritehard, have arrived, and it is expected that the Bishops of Ballarat and Newcastle will reach Armidale to-day or to-morrow. i Special services in connection with the approaching diocesan festival were held in the cathedral on Sunday. At the morn ing service the Archbishop was the preacher. His text was St. Paul's epistle to the Bo mans, 1st chapter, 17th verse, " Faith pnto Faith." The Archbishop said: The lessons for Septuagesima Sunday suggest wide and deep thoughts; they bring before us the beginning and the end of creation. By faith we look back to the old creation, and in hope we glance forward to the realisa tion of the new. Between the two comes in human history with all its growth, con flict, and complex problems, "the key of wlAch is in God's hands. The central fact of history is the incarnation of the Son of God, around which centres all faith, hope, aspiration, and yearning. Here we see the fact of spiritual progress, or, as the apostle expresses it, " Faith unto faith." The church of God exists for spiritual advancement, which can only be accom pliebed in tbe power of faith. Progress is belief in Christ. St. Paul was not ashamed of the gospel, though be anticipated con tempt and'objeetion, for. he believed it to be the power of God unto salvation to every one that believetb. Faith in Christ is the key which unlocks all the problems of human life and history, and reduces them to terms of intelligent comprehension. Behind the gospel is all God's omnipo tence, for it is indeed a revelation of His righteousness and an exhibition of His love. In the incarnation and atonement of Jesus Christ, God's righteousness is vin dicated in every sphere of human enter prise. In what does this spiritual progress con sist, and bow doeB it affect individual and national life F Progress means an increased knowledge of Christ, an increased truBt in His divine power, and an increased service on His behalf.. As we believe we know more and more that God is righteous, or, as St. John says, that " God is light." The message of the gospel is the revelation of the fatherhood of God, in whom justice and love are blended in perfect harmony. Faith helps us to realise that surpassing troth enables ns_ to become partakers of tbe divine natore, and so to advance in tbe path of holiness, because we have in Christ tbe main station of tbe Father. Thus our spiritual progress brings increased know ledge of God, as we go on believing, which again results in increased trust, for the nature of God is love. The gospel is a remedy for selfishness, an antidote for de spondency, and an anchor of hope. Be yond all tbe complications and mysteries which surround us, God becomes dearer as well as nearer the more we are enabled to see Him by faith; and so then comes to the true Christian man more eagerness and more zeal to serve God in Christ, ** For the grace of God hath appeared, bringing sal vation to all men, instructing us to the in tent that denying ungodliness and worldly lusts we should live soberly and righteously and godly in this present world," looking for the blessed hope and - appearing of the | "glory of our-Great God. and Saviour Jesus Christ, who gave Himself- for ns that He might redeerrv.as from all iniquity, and purify unto Himself a people for His own possession, zealous of good works. Whatever position God has placed us in, whatever duty He has given us to do, this we know—that it may be sanctified by Christian faith—by Christian faith turned into Christian conduct by the constraining love of Cbrist. This is spiritnal progress— knowledge, trust, and service. How does snch progress affect life ? In dividual life becomes purer because it is more full of God. As our faith deepens we rise to greater heights—to the High and Holy One who inhabited eternity,—and we become imitators of God the Father as re vealed in Christ the Son. Our social life shall become better as we get more faith and more trust. By faith in the Fatherhood of God we believe in the unity of the race, and learn to edify one another, bearing each other's burdens, and so fulfilling the law of Christ. And then with regard to national life. We, in this land, have just been celebrating by holiday and amnsement the establishment of our national life. But beneath it all surely there are solemn thoughts and earnest prayers and fervent hopes for the spiritnal advancement of our country. What won derful progress has been made in tbe poli tical, industrial, and social welfare of these colonies; but depend upon it material and ] external development will prove but a sorry thing if we separate religion from national ' progress. Spiritual progress is the secret ' of live national prosperity. Our Christian agencies are not as power ful as they might be. It must therefore be our individual effort to make the church ■ more potent in her work of spiritual ad- j vancement. It is the growth and the work- ! ing of faith in the individual Christian j which will give efficiency to the church j operations, and be the measure of our-' hopefulness as Christians. j There are two opposite tendencies to be j found in our treatment of religion at the ' present time, viz., externalistn and an in definite vagueness which does not suffi ciently regard the factors of the Christian , revelation. Both of these are to be over come. We must strive to free ourselves from the perils which come from spiritual j {□comprehensiveness. Let us do all in our i power to make the church an instrument ' of spiritual progress and fellowship in the J gospel. This is the ultimate purpose of the dio cesan festival which we have met together to celebrate this week—to promote the sense of unity and fellowship and progres sive faith—filling our hearts and filling oar lives with the love of Christ. Sach a meeting takes us out of our selfish isolation and helps us to advance the spiritual wel fare of the church, And how are we to attain and maintain this progressive faith, this spiritual pro gress ? The apostle gives us the answer,. " As many as are led by the Spirit of God, these are Sons of God." It is the spirit within us which will quicken us, " the spirit helpeth our infirmities." " Our blest Redeemer ere He breathed His tender last farewell, A Guide, a Comforter bequeathed With us to dwell." Do we believe in the Holy Ghost ?- We profess to do so, but how sadly imperfect are our ideas of God's gracious provision for the needs of our spiritual life. i Let us pray more for the Holy Ghost, let ' us beseech Him to mould as and use us in Christ's service. The progress we want is j spiritual progress, all external forms such I as churches, Sunday schools, college build- I ings, and the like, are necessary and in- | evitable signs of advancement, but the in- j ward force must be the progress of the I Holy Ghost. In closing I could place be side the words of our text from " Faith | unto faith," the words of the confirmation ! prayer that those who have made their i confession of faith may daily increase in ■ the Holy Spirit until they attain everlast- ' ing life, from faith to faith, grace to grace, and strength to strength. May God grant us to be increasingly strong in the grace which He has supplied to us from the trea sury of His Son's merits so that each one of us may " From strength to strength go on, Wrestle, and fight and pray, Tread all the powers of darkness down And win the well fought day." The Kight Be v. Dr. Stretch preached in the evening to a crowded congregation. 