Political. The Joint Select Committee which is dealing with the Commonwealth Bill would in the ordinary course have brought its deliberations to a close on Monday, but Sir John Forrest, who is secretly anxious to have the moral Bupport of Queensland in his opposition to the bill, will await the decisioi) of the Queensland Parliament before flying in the face of public opinion. The people of Queensland have decided in favor of the bill, but the Parliament of Queensland has yet to be heard. Sir John clings to the hope that it will override the wish of the people, and give kirn countenance iu his own persistency against the popular demand in this colony for a referendum. , This explains the piausible attitude of the Premier at Monday's meeting of the Committee. The only witness^ hitherto examined have been anti-PederationiBts, he said, and it was only fair that the other side also should be heard. As an example of Sir John's fairness of spirit, this is very fine and large, and may deceive those who do not read between the lines of his plea for impartiality. Sir John is temporising, which is of course, consistent with the policy which brought the Committee into existence. He is waiting for the final issue in Queensland and therefore the life of the Committee must be prolonged. Hence he supported the motion for the examination of more witnesses. These are to include four newspiiper editors - one each from Kalgoorlie Coolgardie, Gerald ton and Albany—and will number 13 in all. I his means that the life of the Joint Select Committee will be extended for at least another week probably a fortnight. ' Mr Fred. Davis' evidence came as an unwelcome surprise to the Premier and his anti-Federal following. Things had been going very merrily with them until the secretary of the Trades and Labor Council came on the scene and upset their bag of tricks Sir John and his jackal, Mr Hackett, had beeu hitherto iu grfcat good humor with the witnesses, all of whom, excepting a few importers to whom federation can make no sensible difference, were all agreed that intercolonial freetrade will send down wages in this colony, crush our bantling industries, and generally involve Western Australia in commercial ruin Mr Davis, w ho poses as an authority on wages put a very different complexion on this question. Tailors in this colony do not, it seems, earn more for a fixed number of hours than in Melbourne, nor are the bootmakers here more, highly paid than in the East. Mr Davis was questioned on the probable result of federation and intercolonial freetrade, and in his opinion there is nothing to fear from their adoption. Mr Davis' opinion on this point may not be very valuable, but it is not anv less valuable than the opinions of some of the witnesses who preceded him. There is much force in the contention of Mr Leake and Mr IUingworth that mere opinions count for nothing. Witnesses are competent to speak each upon what he believes might be the effect of federation and-intercolonial freetrade upon his particular business Any expression of opinion upon the subject as a whole is irrelevant and valueless, if for no other reason than that a trader cannot be expected to take of a large political question a View that is wider than his own shop counter, In recording opinions of this, kind much valuable time has been wasted, and yet more will be frittered away if more tinkers and tailors and candlestick makers are to be invited to give their views on federation at large. The question of redistribution of seats wan the central point of interest in the debate on the second reading of the new Constitution Bill, and monopolised the attentiun of the HOUSH on Wednesday from the resumption after tea until the adjournment. Mr Illingworth. t< ok up the thread ef the deba'e, and lifted up his voice, usually still and small, in quite an audib e pipe against tne principle upon which the redistribution had beeu framed. In fact, the member for Central Murchison compluiqed that there was an absence of principle, as the redistribution was made without reference either to population or to interest.. Mr IUingworth had armed himself *ith figures, and rang th- changes on them with bo much persistent iteration that Mr Forrest sneeringly asked how often he was going to inform the House of that which they already knew, that the goldfields together had an electoral roll of 17,711, and 11 members to represent them in the House, while the squatting electorates could boast of. not more than 1280 elector*, who were represented by nine members. The goldfields were to be given three,.new members, and the representation of the squatting electorates was to be reduced by a similar number. This adjustment does not balance, tbe proportion, and Mr IUingworth asked in a voice reedy and quivering, *' Is this a fair and equitable representation?". Mr IUingworth paused for a/reply, cleared his throat, and shrugged his massive shoulders with the movement that is familiar to. us. Mr IUingworth complained' tlpaf dp or {say what lie may, he can never hope to find the Premier in agreement with him Mr Illingworth sighed, and " feared" that Sir John's implacability would continue to the end. Poor Mr Illingworth tries hnrd to be sarcastic, but this iB as far as he ever gets. # Mr Vosper, as might have been exppcted, endorsed Mr [] ling worth's com- '.plaint that the goldfields are not adequately represented, and the member for North-East Goolgardie reeled off a speech iu polysyllables which lasted for haJf-auhour. It is a pity that Mr Vosper cannot train himself to. speak more deliberately, and wean himself from the penny-a-liner's vocalabulaty of which he is an accomplished aster. There usually is much sense in what. he.has to any, but his man ner of saying it is sadly marred by his delivery and the rococo English in which he clothes his sentences. His language is the "fine English" of the police court reporter, enriched by the rhetoric of the trade circular. Mr Vosper came in. for a good deal of well- merited sneering at the hands of the small federal party in the House, whom he threw overboard in order to go over to the enemy. It was during the debate on the Premier's motion for leave to extend the lif« of the Joint Select Committee, and Mr Vosper alluded to the danger of the federal party finding itself in "low water." "Low water!" interjected Mr Leake; "now you are talking about something you know." This "left-off" Queensland politician may truly be said to have reached the low-water mark of his political career in Western Australia. He worked himself into a fine frenzy over the fact that Mr Walter James had been telling the people of the Goldfields that the m-iiiher for North-East Coolgardie was conspiring with the Government to keep the bill from the people. It was a shame, he said, that ha should be maligned "behind his back." Mr Vosper probably would have forgiven his traducer if he had slandered him before his back. Mr James, pretending sympathy, agreed that it was "a great shame." Mr James said it soothingly, which incensed the member for North-East Coolgardie, whose heroics are fine examples of oratorical dissimulation. There was a strong resistance offered by the federalists to the Premier's application for mpre time for the Select Committee. Mr Walter James led the attack under which the stout Knight of Bunbury writhed. The Committee, appointed, Mr Jarpes said, with the object of gaining time, had been wasting time ever siqce it came into existence, aud now the Premier, under a specious plea of wishing to take federal evidence, was asking for more time merely tor the sake of delay. "Wasting time'" i he Premier blurted out, "we have been working very . h,ard." " Yes," Mr James retorted, " working very hard at wasting time " Mr . James 1 speech was a stinging attack on the anti- federationists. Tn a polemical fall the fat, political wrestler of Bunbury has not the ghost of a chance with his vounger and more scientific opponent, who, in the language of the prize ring, was " all over him in a minute." Sir John, figuratively battered and bruised, rose to defend himself, complaining bitterly that the fatal fluency of the member for East Perth was his moBt dangerous gift. While Mr lames was pommelling him, Sir John continued feebly to interject, " You think you are very clever," "You can do nothing but talk," and so forth. Anyhow, the motion was carried by a majority of 14, the meaning of which is -that the committee will sit all this week, and most likely the next. Mr Leake announced with affected seriousness that if " this colony accepted Federation Mr Hackettj would leave Weetern Australia. Mr Hackett's going would be a serious loss to this colony, ahd the leader of the Opposition is not the man to underrate it. It may be that Mr Hackett's ultimatum will hdve weight with the federalists, and that a compromise will be •made with the'editor of*the "West Australian," where by'his services as keeper of the Premier's conscience and ' adviser in ordinary' to the Cabinet' may; be for 1 ever secured to this country. A rumor that a deputation headed by the leader of the Opposition will wait upon Mr Hackett has been circulated, but liot confirmed. The Select Committee on the GommonWealth Bill received an unexpected check on Wednesday. Only one witness turned up for examination in the person of a Fremantle tobacco manufacturer. Most . o! the others begged to be excused. They were-all pro-federal witnesses, and araogg them were Mr Zollner, secretary of the Federal League; Mr Kirwan, editor of the « KalgoortieMiner," and Mr R. D. Thomson, of Kalgoqrlie.' Mr Zollner sent a long letter in which he declined to be a party to assisting the committee to waste any more time, and Messrs Thomson and Kirwan sent a joint telegram very much to the same purpose, and couched in language that was more plain than pleasant. While these communications were being read aloud by the chairman the Premier's face was a study in malevolent anger. The right hon. gentleman, so long accustomed to having his own way, does not. like being baulked. His colleagues in the Ministry could give the best evidence upon this point. Sir John is an anachronism. He should have been ruling in the middle ages, as then he might have instantly ordered the recalcitrants to be led out to execution. A moment of awful silence followed the reading of the letter and telegram, and then Mr Crowder broke the stillness. " I move," he said, " that summonses be issued to compel tbeir attendance." Sir Johu, purple with rage, agreed with Mr Crowder, although he was very much against helping to gain for these gentlemen the notoriety they were seeking. Then Mr Hackett appeared on the scene and deprecated the exercise of the extreme power. No doubt, as editor of a newspaper, Mr Kirwan had much to attend to. Let them all be excused, he said with great magnanimity. Possibly Mr Hackett was not too anxious to break a lance with the editor of the " Kalgooilie Miner," however eager he may be to tilt with tailors, cabinetmakers and tobacconists. Finally the Premier was partially mollified, and he decided that it would be unwise to make martyrs of these men by compelling them before the bar of the House. Mr Morgans held out that they should be taken to task for the insolent way in which they had addressed the Committee, but the end of it was that the witnesses who had been summoned before the Committee but were unwilling to give evidence, should be excused. Having disposed of this matter, the < 'ommittee proceeded to examinine the tobacconist, who during his examination offered the chairman a cigar, which, however, Mr Loton declined. When the Committee will give over is a question whose solution, like the birth of Mr Yellowplush, is " wrop in mystery." * # # Two matters of importance engaged the attention of the House on Wednesday. The first of them was a motion by- Mr Locke asking the House to enter into negotiations with, persons or compauie^ for the .working " by sluicing, dredging or otherwise of the abandoned alluvial flats, lakes, swamps, or marshes, for the purpose of winning" gold or minerals therefrom." This authority, if given and exercised, would, he expected, lead to the profitable use of millions of acres of land lying unused. Mr Morgans estimated the total extent of this land at from 15,000,000 to 20,000,000 acres. The House was in great good humor with the proposal, which received very general support. Mr Moran, Mr Forrest, Mr Vosper, Mr Illiugworth and others spoke warmly iu its favor. Mr Vosper said there were huge areas of salt lakes where gold existed in abundance, and concessions should be granted for the purful of stuff taken from the . bottom of a >ose of winning it. He had washed a pan- well put down in a lake 40 miles from Norseman aud had got a prospect from it. The Minister of Mines also supported the motion, but took credit for haviug originated the idea of utilising salt lakes in the way now suggested. He had embodied it in a clause to be added to the Goldfields Amendment Act; but it was late in last session, and hon. members, tired out with gold-mining legislation, had opposed it, so that it was withdrawn. . .# # # .. The only discordant note was struck by Mr George, who-moved as an amendment that before any concession be granted the matter shall be laid before the House for approval. Mr George, who is always in search of mares' nests, took thiB opportunity of discrediting English gold mining companies, and sneered at the member for Sussex for allowing himielf to be made " the catspaw of some tnore astute brain than his own." Mr George is very strong in meta- . phor. Thp catspaw of a map's brain is.a physiological freak. No one,. however, pays any attention to the member forthe Murray, and Mr Locke was right in Having ignored his vituperation. The law of the position is that the Government may not grant- a lease of more than '24 acres, so that there will have to be special legislation empowering the Government to" deal with'large areas. An amendment providing for' this . was added to the motion, whioh was car- , ried;. Mr George's amendment having been • negatived. # # ' .# The other matter oi- importance which occupied the House for the remainder of the evening was the Municipal Institutions Bill, which Mr George, once more aggressive, attacked as being full of inconsistencies. He fought stubbornly to have the bill referred to a Selec Committee, but did not succeed in carrying his point. The bill is still in the committee stage. The Cremorne Gardens are putting on their summer • foliage—at' least, • Mr C. Basing is putting it on for them, with the aid of a big brush and many exaggerated pots of color. Judging by-the progress that has been made j so far, by the time Mr B. has dabbed on ttie last blushful of bluelake or celestial red, or whatever it is, the Gardens • will consider themselves first cousins to Fairyland. . The artist is dealing with New Zealand subjects on all the walls, and if there are any Maorilanders here who don't think their country is beautiful, they had better go round to the Gardens and see that it is, and reconstruct their ideas accordingly. Besides fixing up the walls, Mr Basing is to paint a new proscenium, two or three scene-sets and artistically splash the walls of the little arbors scattered round the lawn. The Gardens this year are certainly going to out-do themselves of previous years in the matter of gorgeousness ahd genuine artistic beauty. 