GREW SAVED BY A GHOST, . ? -*? ? . ' Many strange incidents occur at sea, hut none more so than that which be fell Captain Benner, of the brig Mohawk, a small vessel engaged iu the West In dies trade. ' After leaving Eft, Thomas, her last port of call, on one voyage tho brig was steer ing a north-westerly course, homeward bound, beating up under short canvas against high winds aud heavy seas fol lowing in the wake of a hurricane which had traversed the- tropics live or six days before. Her captain, who had been some hours on deck, went below at midnight after directing the first otRcer, who was on watch, to. keep the course then steer ed, and to call him in case of any change for the worse in the weather. He lay down upon a sofa in the main cabin, but as the brig's bell struck twice, became conscious of the figure of a man, wearing a green sou'-wester, standing beside him in the dim light of the cabin lamp. Then ? he heard the words — 'Change your course to tho sou'-west, captain.' Cap tain Beuner got up and went on deck, ? where he found that the weather had moderated, and that the brig was carry ing more sail and making better head ' way. He asked the mate on duty why he had sent down to call him, to which that officer replied that he had not done so. . ' The captain, fancying that he liad been dreaming, went back, to the cabin, but he was disturbed soon again by a second visit from the man in the green sou' wester, who repeated his previous order and vanished up the companionway. The captain, now thoroughly aroused, jump ed up and pursued the retreating figure, ? but saw no one until he met the mute on Watch, who insisted that he had not sent any messenger below. Mystified and perplexed, Captain Benner returned to the cabin only to see. his singular visitor reappear, to hear him repeat the order to change the course to souVwest, with tho added warning — 'If you do not it will soon ba too lutol' and to soe him disappear as before. ' Going on deck he gave the necessary 6rdera for the change of the ship's , course to south-west. The officers of the brig were' not only surprised, but also indignant, and finally determined to seize their captain and put him into irons, when, soon after daybreak, ,the lookout forward reported Borne object dead- ahead. As tho vessel kept on it was made out to bo a ship's boat. A&i; .it ranged abeam it was seen to contain four men lying under its thwarts, one 6t whom wore 'a 'green sou'-wester.'The' Mohawk was promptly hove to, a boat lowered, and the castaways taken in. 1 The castaways proved to be the cap tain and three men, the only survivors of the orew of a. vessel which had gone down in the hurricane, and they had been drifting helplessly without food for aix days, The green sou'-wester was the property of the rescued captain. A low. days later, when ho had recovered ? sufficiently to bo able to leave his berth, hewaa Bitting one day in the main cabin ? of the. brig with Captain Benner. He suddenly asked his, host whether ho be lieved in dreams. 'Since I have been here,' he continued, 'I have been think ing how familiar this cabin looks. I think that I have been here before. In tho night before you picked me up, I dreamed that I came to you 'here in . this cabin and told you to change your course to sou'-west. The first time you took no notice of me, and I awne the second time in vain ; but the third time you changed your course, and I woke to ijmd your ship alongside of us.' 1 Then, Captain lienner, who had no ticed the resemblanoo of the speaker to hia mysterious visitor, told his own story of that night. Eleotrio currents. art* now applied to operating ' horse-grooming ' machinery, lew than three minutes being sufficient for grooming one animal. Horseclip pera are also operated by electric power at high speed. ' Heretofore it has been possible to dis solve gold only in a mixture of strong aoids. A Avay has now been discovered pf dissolving gold in distilled water. Only one marble statue of the human figure with eyela&hes; is known. It is .. the sleeping Ariadne, ono of tho gems o£ the,-Vatiwuy and was found in 1 5.03* . 