Special Correspondence. London Letter. January let, 1899. (FROM A VICTORIAN ) A bright and prosperous New Year to all old Victorian friends and acquaintance?. Let us ope that our old colony will aUo experience good time in the laBt year of the nineteenth entury, a Bort of prelude to better days in he dawning of the twentieth. It is indeed leasant news to hear of reviving prosperity n the colony in general and Melbourne in articular. The reactionary depression fter the saturnalia of the land-boom period as lasted too long altogether. We are all rone to extremes, and in rushing from the xtreme of unbridled extravagance to the pposite pole of parsimonious economy, the olony was doubtless only obeying a natural mpulse. Still it ought to have reached the appy mean long before now. I do not agree ith my friend, Sir Bryan O'Lrghlen, that he colony should have continued its borrowng policy in the bard iimeB succeeding the ollapse of the boom ; that would be only ourting further disasters, and the colony has already a frightful mill-Btone around its neck in the Bhape of the huge sum that must be aid every year as interest on loanp, but I do gree with him to this extent, that it was a reat mistake on the part of the Victorian overnment to completely suspend the contruction of public works. That only ggravated and intensified the depression by damming up the circulation^tGoi«ritment oney, a very appreciable and ,-mvibrating item in every community, jfaow that Govern-' ment works are to be re Sinned, ttAs to be oped that they will be projiretjty anddterried, out on more strict business fines'than fiojeto ore, and in particular that WiJtf%U raffwjjys ill be rigorously avoided. Pftvately-owoed • i u i i J _ * . _ . rawbacks. For instance, we pay at a much higher rate for our travelling, because the irBt consideration of the companies who own the railways iB to earn a fat dividend. They leece the passenger for the benefit of the hareholder. On the other hand, in Victoria, vhere political influences have BO long ruled he railways, the taxpayer is robbed for the benefit of the Minister of the Crown, or the ember of Parliament. In other words, a Government buys political support by giving railways to districts, not forsonnd commercial reasons, but really to placate the local member nd his constituents. It is nothing less than tbinly disguised corruption, but after recent revelations in the Melbourne press, and the compulsory closing up of a number of those Victorian wild-cat railways, entailing a loss of hundreds of thousands of pounds upon the oolony, I fancy future railway proposals will be aorutinised more carefully, and not allowed to pass unlesB they can show sound, honest, and non-political credentials. Before passing from this subject, I would express a hope that a paper on " Australasian Indebtedness," recently read before the ondon Bankers' Institute by Mr. H. F. illinghurst, will be carefully studied in the oolonies. Mr. Billinghurst had for many ears the management of Australian loans in he London money market, and he probably knows more than any other man about the real financial position of the Australian olonies. His most important suggestion is hat the Australian Governments should systematically encourage and promote mmigration. Therein be is right, although t may be very unpopular • dootrine to preach n Melbourne, Sydney, and Adelaide. I aresay no Parliamentary candidate in those ities would stand the ghost of a ehanoe if he dvocated State-aided immigration. But it emains true and sound statesmanship all the same. Australia ought to have had a populaion of ten millions by this time. With her resent small population she will always be op-heavy and insecure. She has Parliaments, Governments, banks, and other institutions that would 8uffio« for ten or twenty illions of people, and all thiB weight and xpense have to be borne in each colony by a opulation about as large as that of an average ondon parish. Talking to Sir Andrew Clarke, the Agent- General for Victoria, the other day, I gathered from certain observations that fell from his lips that he anticipates unpleasantness in the near future in connection with New Caledonia and the New Hebrides. France is in a very nnamiable mood at present, as a natural oof>sequence of the • rebuff she received at ashoda.and she is determined to make it hot for England wherever she can. One of the places wb$re she can give John Bull a nasty dig in the ribs-is in the Pacific, and her announced determination to convert Noumea, he capital of New Caledonia, into a strong ortress and a first-cle^ss naval station, is ooked upon here as a menace to the British mpire in general and Australia in particular. ir Andrew Clarke is in close communication ith both the colonial and foreign offices on his new and threatening departure. New aledonia has of course long been a thorn in he side of Australia, and an extensive uisance by reason of the facility with which renoh oonvicted desperadoes were enabled o escape to the neighbouring shores of ueensland, and merge in the general Ausralian population. And if it be true that the rench have practioally purchased the whole of the adjoining New Hebrides' group from he natives, its formal incorporation as Frenoh territory, long threatened, will soon be an accomplished fact. So that, with the Germans in New Guinea and the Frenoh in New Caledonia and the New Hebrides, the first Federal Government of United Australia will have its hands fairly full in regard to foreign affairs. If anything oould bring the Federal issue to a speedy and effectual consummation, it should be tbis vital question of foreign aggression in Auftralian waters. No individual colony, either by protest or otherwise, can achieve anything in this connection, but all together, speaking with a united voice through the federal organ, could virtually control the situation and dictate terms to foreigners. Sir Andrew Clarke, although seventy-five, is a wonderfully active and energetic Agent- General. He is indeed so sprightly in style and young-looking in features, that a stranger might easily mistake him for a man of fifty. I suppoBe the present generation of Victorians know little or nothing about him, and for that they are not to be severely blamed. He flourished in Melbourne long belore their time, although he ought to be held in grateful remembranoe for the admirable municipal system with which he endowed the oolony in the early days. He prides himself, and deservedly, on having been the father of local government in Victoria. He is the son of an Irish soldier, who was one of the early Governors of Western Australia, and he himself commenced his colonial career as far back as 1816 in the capacity of private secretary and aide-de- camp to Sir William Denison, Governor of Tasmania. From there he went to New Zealand to fight the rebel MaoriB; 1853 found him established in Melbourne in the high office of Surveyor- General and Chief Commissioner of the Crown Lands of Victoria, although he was still under thirty. He was returned to 'the first Victorian Parliament as member for South Melbourne, or as tb9 place was then rdpre"poeticalTy called, Emerald Hill .'JFL ' jUa took tnnlr office nff in the first Victorian , and carried several useful progresmeasures. He is brimful of Rood stories and anecdotes of O'Shanassy, Duffy, Ireland, Aspinall, and the various Melbourne notabilities of the fifties. I am constantly telling him he ought to write a book of reminiscences, but be only laughs and says, " Some day, perhaps." He certainly could contribute a very interesting chapter concerning the fight at the Eureka Stockade at Bailarat in December, 1854\. It is not generally known that Sir Charles Hotham, the then Governor of Victoria, wanted to go up to Bailarat in full uniform and lead the troops in person against the diggers who had revolted nnder Peter Lalor. He sent an urgent message to Captain Clarke, aB Sir Andrew then was, to come to Government House immediately and in uniform. Sir Andrew started at once without waiting to don his military dress. The Governor was furious when he appeared in ordinary civilian costume. His idea was that they should both start without a moment's delay for Bailarat. The Governor was exoited to the verge of insanity, and it was a long time before Sir Andrew Clarke and other high officials could calm him down, induce him to view the situation in a reasonable light, and persuade him to remain in Melbourne, leaving the doty of suppressing the revolt to the proper person, Major-General Sir Robert Nickle, who was then commanding the forces in Victoria. Since be left Australia, Sir Andrew Clarke has filled a variety of important poste, including the Governorship of the Straits Settlements and the Directorship of Public Works in India. He has made two unsuccessful attempts to enter the House of Commons as a Gladstonian Home Ruler, and it is a great pity that he was not amongst the elected. His wealth of knowledge and practical experience would have made him an eminently desirable member of the Imperial Parliament. Melbourne's theatrical idol for many years, Nellie Stewart, has made a hit in London at last. She has been here for some years, idle and disengaged for some reason or other. Her appearances were of the most fitful and unsatisfactory character. In common with most Australians, I expected she would be an immediate success on coming here. But she did not play her cards very well. It does not do for people, no matter how high their reputation elsewhere, to be proud and to stand on their dignity when they come to London. This is the world's market-place Of genius, and there is always a superabundance of talent in every department available. Nellie Stewart has had two or three good chances since she came to London, but apparently she did not kDOW how to turn them to profitable account. She had a splendid opportunity soon after arriving, when she was offered a part in a new opera at Gilbert and Sullivan's theatre, the Savoy, but she unfortunately quarrelled over it and retired in a huff, thereby allowing another lady to reap the laurels she might have won. However, it is gratifying to record that she is now scoring a great success in the pantomime at Drury Lane, London's great historical theatre, once managed by Sheridan and ord Byron. I went on Boxing Nigbt to lend a hand in iving Nellie a welcome, for the sake of old imes. She is wonderfully young-looking, and sings and acts with all the old charm and vivacity. Gazing upon her, and listenng to the sweet, familiar voice, I really fancied myself more than once sitting in the heatre Royal, Bourke-street, where as a boy I frequently saw Nellie and her two sisters playing in Christmas pantomimes. I am no longer a boy, worse luck, but Nellie Stewart is Btill a very bright and attractive girl, and there iB some oonsolation in that. In this connection, there is a word of warning to be spoken. The remarkable successes achieved in London by Madame Melb*, Ada CrosBley, and a few other Australian vocalistB of renowo, have led to a regular invasion of colonial lady singers. At least a score muBt have brought letters of introduction to me during the past few years. You can hardly blame them. They say to themselves : " Wben Nellie Mitchell and Ada Crossley left Melbourne for London, nobody thought they would be snob brilliant BUOceeses, and would oarry the English musical world by storm. I have a good voice. Why should I not succeed as well as they ?" That is perfectly true. There is something in the Australian atmoBphere that produces an exceptional number of good singing voices, and' nobody can say beforehand who is going to become a prime favourite with the British musioal public. In other words, it is a lottery in which the prizes are few and the blanks many. Those who draw the prizes are to be congratulated on having attained fame and fortune, but the lot of those to whom the blanks have fallen, if they are without reBonrces, is much to be deplored. I have heard not a few sad stories of what has befallen some young Australian lady singers who came here with high hopes that were not destined to be realised. Therefore, I say a word of warning is needed. Parents and relatives should be very cautious in giving their consent to a young lady coming to London with no other available asset than " a good voice," which may mean fame and fortune, but may also mean failure and ruin. We Australians here are rather disgusted with your Governments for standing out of the new Imperial penny postal system that was inaugurated on Christmas Day. But we are consoled by the consideration that you cannot hold out very long in that hostile attitude. The anomalies created by such a position are too glaring to be tolerated for any length of time. Australia cannot keep on charging 2Jd. a letter, when all the rest of the Empire is charging only Id. Even your little neighbour, Fiji, I believe, has accepted the Imperial penny rate, and that surely ought to be enough to make big Australia bluBh. Seriously, though, it would be well for the Australian Governments to accept the new system as speedily as possible, even at the risk of a loss of a few thousands a year, although personally I am confident it will be a gain rather than a loss when the new sys tem gets into proper working order, and people realise all the benefits it confer?. Tour public men who say the Australian colonies cannot afford it, do not quite comprehend the force and effect of their words. They oould do no greater damage and depreciation to Australian credit abroad than by giving utterance to such ill-considered pessimistic jeremiads. Australian resources, if properly and systematically developed by a people proportioned to the area and circumstances of the great southern continent, can support, without any perceptible effort, far greater and more beneficent schemes than even universal penny postage. 