Mines and Mining. [By B. R. Bayner, A.M I.M E , Assayer and Analyist] Something in the nature of a "slump" has already set in in mining in King William St., Adelaide. Worturpa and Wilgena, upon which the sharebrokers and others had built rather high expectations, have been, so far, a great disappointment to them. Some of the public who went with a rush for Wilgena syndicate shares at a fairly high figure can't make their books balance, and not a few rather elongated faces have been noticeable. Some who invested in Worturpa syndicate business feel that they are in the same plight. This is a great pity, but there is no escape from fate. We badly enough want a fillip to prosperity, and mining appears to be our only hope. Yet disaster sets in almost as soon as an attempt is made to gain the long-desired goal. Well, one must be candid. We have ourselves to blame. Rashness is a risky route to prosperity and, though occasionally it leads to large and easily-gotten fortunes, it oftener leads to ruin, and if that is escaped ninety-five per cent. of the cases end in bitter disappointment. For prosperity to follow mining enterprise, steady, plodding, determined development must take place in the mine, and not so much attention paid to the share-market, where everything is fashioned for the benefit of the brokers and their friends. Of course, it is a great temptation to speculate when one sees others making large sums during a boom time, and it is easier to moralise than resist temptation. I know this from the experience of not very long ago. A friend made some £250 in a week in buying and selling shares. I expected to do likewise and eagerly snatched up a large parcel. From that moment the price of those shares began to settle, and as they got lower they fell faster. When I stood to lose 75 per cent. of my money, I sold. A week later they started to rise slowly, and if I had kept them till this morning, I could have sold at 25 per cent. profit. Oh, well! Someone else has benefitted. I see some one has been drawing attention to manganese, of which there are considerable quantities of good and high percentage ore in different parts of the colony. I don't know that a manganese boom is advisable, but it is possible that money may be made out of a steady output of a good grade ore Probably it would have to be shipped to England or the Continent. I can't call to mind a local buyer. A few years ago I believe quantities used to be sent away from Port Augusta. An old and valued reader of the " Times," writing to me one day last week, expressed the opinion that owners of mining "shows" are under a delusion when they think that they save money by breaking out a ton or two of stuff and sending it to the smelters as a trial, rather than having the lode or reef properly sampled and assayed before. Of course, from a purely professional aspect of affairs, I should say that the opinion is an exceedingly wise and correct one. But an instance which is now under my notice—I am watching the course of events—very forcibly bears out what he has said. Certain men are now breaking "out a ton or two as a trial parcel" for the smelting works. It is being hastily hand picked certainly, and the clay is is being washed away, otherwise the stuff is being bagged as raised for transit by rail to Pt. Adelaide. The miners, though experienced, haven't a ghost of an idea of the value of the ore because of its unusually peculiar complexity. But because they would have to pay down perhaps a half guinea for an assay at this end, and learn their fate at once, they prefer to send away and pay for treatment for an ore that will leave nothing after all expenses have been met. If I remember rightly I touched upon a similar question to this a few weeks back, but the opinion of my correspondent seems an opportunity of forcibly drawing attention to the penny-wise and pound foolish policy adopted by some who are struggling to make mining a success. A sample is misleading only when it is made so. A fair sample, correctly assayed, will give the fair value of the ore, and that known there is no difficulty in arriving at a conclusion as to the profit or loss likely to result from the treatment of a larger quantity. Efforts are being made to float the old Enterprise Mine, which is situated near Williamston, Barossa. Years ago, it is reported, copper ore of a high grade was obtained from this mine, and I believe gold and silver were also found in the lode. Very little information appears to be obtainable about the mine when at work, and the Government Geologist devotes one and three quarter lines to it in his "Record of Mines" (third edition). In spite of disappointment in the Menzies Barossa, there seems to be an almost irresistible attraction in that locality for speculators. Some day there will be a lucky stroke made there, as there is gold about there. The man who can drop on the spot will have a good time. Mining is still actively going on in various parts of the north and north- east, and encouraging reports are frequently received. On the Peninsula considerable activity is being shown, and in the Mount Barker district operations are being carried on energetically. All this must eventually have a great effect on the condition of the colony, but it is nothing to what it might be with more energy put into it. " It is something to the credit of the 'Peters- burg Times,' " said a gentleman who recently visited several northern towns, including yours, not many days ago, "that it has, for several years I believe, had a weekly column of mining notes, and is the only country paper that has such a column." By-the-bye, that gentleman was a stranger to the colony, and the remark was made in a certain newspaper office, where I happened to be. After hearing what he had to say, a friend of mine present suggested that, as I was the more intimately acquainted with the "Times," it was my duty to see that the "nectar of the jars" was forthcoming with which to drink "success to the times, particularly the " Times." This was done, and behold, on Monday, when I perused the last issue of the "Times," I noticed a state- ment by the proprietor that arrangements are being made for the enlargement of the paper. Rather a coincidence, isn't it ? Never mind, our "prospect" appears to have "panned out" all right. At a meeting at Port Augusta last Friday the Commissioner of Crown Lands stated that the Government had determined to erect the smelters at Port Augusta as soon as the output of ore justified the action. The Government want an assurance of from 250 to 300 tons of ore per week. This ought not to be beyond the capabilities of the district. If it is the smelters ought not to be erected. The Port Augusta people are disappointed because the Government are not disposed to go on with the smelters at once. The Government should spend more money in encouraging mining enterprise, but no "white elephants " are wanted. If the ore is in the district there should be no difficulty in satisfying the Government that the smelters would be kept running. It would be sheer folly to have the smelters running three or four days a week, or going a week and shut up a fortnight. A printer's error occurred in my reference last week to Mr Goyder's analysis of telluride ore. Your compositor makes it read— " Persons who do not understand the nature of the Adelaide work." The word " Adelaide" should have been ''delicate." Owing to the Mayoral Ball being held on the 23rd inst. we understand that the local Orpheus Society, which should meet that nigh, have changed their rehearsal to Monday evening next. 