Sensational Experiences. A serious accident occurred on. the West; Wallsond Coal Company's lino on Wofioa- (lny night. It apponre that a traip of about, thirty ooal-ladoi) trucks and a carringo with six pnssongoi-s loft too townslnp ; but whoa noar tlio Sydney Hue -4it Cockle Crook it . was fonhd tharo woro only twelve trucks, with tbo ongino and psssengor carriago. Tho ilrivov's first intimation of the affair was onjooking.round. to. so? tho twenty-,-. Jtwo uncouplod ti-ii'oks coming down tho in-, oline with groat foroo. He thon called out. to tho passongors, " For Giod'ssako jump 1" This thoy did with alaority, and landed into, a swamp knro- doep. Soarcoly had- thoy. sprung, from- tbo cornago than tho collision tiokplaco. Thoiramosof sovoral trucks... woro nurlod in tho nir, and two trucks wore broken boyond repair. The damage is os-v Unrated at from £500 to £600. Throo of the pasaongors woro ladios. Two of thom aro school tcachors, and ono of thom givos, an iutorcBting account of tho accidont, as follows : " Wo woro ordore-1 to.jpmp, and; I, as usual, wautiug to know why and whoro I was going to land, was tho fast to oboy. It was vory dark, and whon I jumpod down tho rough ombankment, I found mysolf with my companions kuoo. iloop in a swamp. A gsntloinan, thinking; he was too close to tho train — for wo were ouly a few yards from it — wont furthor afield, and was buriod in roods and water, almost to bis bond. Wo did not soo tho, humorous sido of tho situation, at tho, timo, but I havo sinoo had a laugh, After, tbo collision, tbo man who had found deop, wator, tremulously askod permission to. como ashore, and ho afterwards stood; by a. fire to dry. A few seconds boforo tho col-' listen wo woro in a condition of toreiblo. sueponso. Tho sorcams of ono of my com panions eavod both our lives ; for my o(- fqyt to savo hor from drowning provontod my losing consciousposs. Wo all oxpocted to be billod, and wo cortainly should havo, boon had tho woight of tho dobris fallon, into tho wator iu which wo woro standing, apd not upon tho opposite of tho. lino.. Wot, cold, woak, and looking liko ghosts . wo had to wait at Coekio Crook till twonty. minutos past 0 for a train to Noweastlcq Mr. Kitcbing, the district railway-auporin-. ' tondont, comuioncod on inquiry into thp, collision yesterday. ' . - 