LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. The influenza has been very kind to the Chief Secretary. He waB one of the three Cabinet Ministers who were not disabled by this ailment, and bo the sitting of the Legislative Council was not disturbed, as it mieht have been by the abscnce of the, only Minister in this Chamber. Jn all six teen Councillors were in their places when Sir Richard Baker took the chair. All the absentees arrived later. Replying to Mr. Stirling the Chief Sec retary said the Government would agree to the same publicity being given to the debates in the Council 011 the House hold Suffrage Bill as had been given to those in the Assembly. (Cheers.) He would make arrangements accordingly, unless a contrary opinion was expressed. (Hear, hear.) Soon after 2 o'clock the Government re presentative rose to move the second read ing of the Household Suffrage Hill. The public .interest in the measure "for the ex tinction of the Legislative Council" was in dicated by a strangers' gallery audience of less than a dozen. But later in the after noon the seats below "outside the bar" ae- : commodatcd at leant .1 score of attentive listeners. Mr. O'Loghliri seemed proud of the Hill. "It Is, every word and loiter as we have it before us, the same as was introduced here last session." It had been said that the elec tors did rot understand what they were voting for on the referendum. (Cheers.) But, said the Chief Secretary, this Bill can not come into force until another referen dum is taken, and that will be an oppor tunity for their objecting if they do not want the measure. In tracing the history of the Council reform agitation to show that there had been a demand for the Bill \- his argument was certainly not conclusive in this respect-the Minister at last, reach ed the record of the dwindling majorities in the Assembly on the present Bill. Sir Edwin Smith-What about the third read ing? The Chief Secretary-It was carried by 30 to 21. The Minister counted pairs, and Mr. Ward interjected - You don't count pairs constitutionally. The Chief Secretary ?- 1 have included pairR in all casca. (Laughter.) Mr. Sandford-The number for the Bill was 34 before. The Minister, however, held that the Bill had passed through the Assembly by the requi site constitutional majorities. (Laughter.) The present proposal was merely to give householders a vote. Mr. Stirling-It won't stop there, will it? An hon. member-No; there will be adult suffrage. Mr. O'Loghiin -Let us consider one proposal at a time. If hon. members think this is a fair pro ject, when the other scheme comes there will l>e time >to oppose it. (Mr. Will cox-"Why make two bites at a cherry?") He denied that the Labour Party would be 3 dominant power if the Bill were passed. The result 01 the Assembly elections under adult suffrage was an illustration of that. Household suffrage had no bearing what i ever on the question of representation on the basris of population. Mr. Ward-It is the means by which they hope to get it. The Chief Kecretai-v said they must remem ber that adult suffrage bad been adopted for the Federal Parliament. Mr. Howe There is n0 analogy between the Senate and the Council, Mr. O'Loghiin contend ed that the Senate nerformeti all the func tions of the Upper House, and would they have the electors in every general election reminded of the difference in the franchise of the Federal and Provincial Upper Houses? Mr. Ward-Reminded bv pro fessional political agitators; by nobody else. (Hear, hear.) Mr. O'Loghiin closed n.n hour-and-a-qua iter's speech with 1he expression of his firm conviction that whatever happened to the Kill the great hulk of the people would not be satisfied until they had a vote for both Houses. This question would rise like a ghost at every general election until it was settled. Mr. Ward-Yes; it will be like a ghost. (Laughter.) Mr. Addison asked the President if Mr. Cordon's contingent motion Mas to be considered an amendment on the Bill. Sir Richard Baker re plied that, it was an amendment on the motion for the seond reading. Mr. Ward -If it is earned the Bill will not be amended. The President-.Tust so. The Bill can only be amended in Committee. Mr. Stirling secured the adjournment of the debate until Tuesday. The remainder of the afternoon was spent in Committee on the Crown Lands Conso lidation Bill, ami two-thirds of .the Coun cillors were content to leave the discussion to .the others, for only when divisions were exiled for were there more than about .1 third of hon. members in their places. Mr. Warren was responsible for several amend ments, the chief of which provide for the application of the Tenants' Relief Board in the matter of appeals. The Chief Secretary did not appreciate Mr. Warren's successes. "Jf," observed Mr. O'Loghiin, "the hon. member continues in this way, and a majo rity of the Council chooses to follow him he will pet this Bill into an irretrievable position.' Progress was reported on clause The Council will sit only two days this week, but three next week. 