HOW 11 WIS MED. CHAPTER XXIX. THE DESERTED HUSBAND, It was in tlio gray o£ tlio early dawn, on tlio day tlmt Lady Ona had fled from the torriblo secret hidden under tho green waters o£ tho moat, that Lord Ormonde Carlisle, tho deserted husband, opened his eyes to a new day, with a start and a vaguo sonso of uneasi ness. Thank Heaven ! it was only a dream, aftor all, but such a bad, black dream. He dreamed that he was walking through a card on of white Ascension lilies, with Ona on his arm, when suddenly a dark cloud obscured the face of tho sun, tho earth opened beneath his feet, and, turning, ho saw that a great gulf yawned between him and his fair young wifo. A doep, dark chasm, that seemed to widen and keqp them asunder, while ho looked. Great Heavens ! tho chasm at his feet was tho moat, and on the opposite side was Ona, kneeling and wildly imploring him to save her from some awful peril, while she' pointed into tho doep, green waters. ^ Ho stretched forth his arms, but a thick mist foil between them. Her wild cries grew fainter and fainter, and ho stood alone in the dark ness, with that awful chasm yawning at hia feet. I ' Thank Heaven, it is only a dream !' ho repeated ; and ho tried to settle down again into slumber, but Bleep had fled his' pillow. He arose, and, thrusting himsolf into a liaudsomo silk dressing robe, ho wout to th o door of Lady Ona's chamber. ' It was looked, and ho did not liko to knock and disturb her slumbers, so, with a half smile at his fears, ho ?wont back to his coudli and finally fell asleep, and did not awaken until his usual hour. Tho sun was shining into tho luxurious room, and with it his fears vanished; ho laughed at his folly, and reason it all out to suit himsolf. ? Of course, it was very easily oxplaihed. Ho had been discussing tho moat, and Lady Ona had seemed somewhat indifferent about it. To-day they wore to bogin to drain tho waters. Ho was glad of it, if that was tho causo of his darling's pale oheoks. * Ho dressed himself, with tho aid of his. valpt, and went again to the door of Lady Ona's room and knocked. No answor ; ho knocked again, still no roply ; still that 'death- liko silence. With a vague fear of, ho know not what, lie tried tho door ; it was still fastened. ? He glanced at his watch— almost nino o'clock! Surely it was time slio was stirring. 'Ona!' ho called softly, but only tho echo of his voico returned to liim. ' Ona, it is I !'.; Still no answer, and now Lord Ormoudo was thoroughly alarmed. Thero was auothor, door that oponed into his wifo's apartments '; possibly it was unloclcod. As ho went toward, it Lady Faustino joined him, looking fresh and swoot and happy. Ho turned to hor with a fooling of reliof. Perhaps Lady Ona had boon in lior room ovor night. How foolish in him not to think of that boforo ! ' Havo you soon Ona this morning?' ho aslcod, and tho flashing, lapis lazuli oyes glanced up curiously into his faoo. 'No. Is sho not in her apartments. I ?was' just coming to say good- morning, and what a pleasant day ifc will bo to drain tho moat,' sho replied with a smilo that did not liido tho ov.il light in hor oyes. Ho started at hor words, aud tho remem branco of his dream camo to him. With a swift movement, ho had tho door opou, and thoy stood insido. Porhaps thoro is no sight moro pathotio than tho sight of an ompty room— a room from whioh tho human presouco is gone, per chanco forovor. Alas! tho boautiful nosfc of his darling was empty j only tho long, French windows stood opon. Thero wore traces of lier everywhere, but his lonoiy, bolovod wifo was not to bo soon. A book she had boon reading lay opou on tho table ; a vase filled with out flowors stood noar an open workbox. Delicate, dainty, almost impalpable traces of hor fair prosenoo, ?whioh wont to tho hoart of her 'husband. Standing thoro, with ah ovil light in hor oyos, was my Lady Faustino. The sight of that ompty room, with its opon windows, gavo lior a thrill of triumph. Tho cool, fresh air camo in, fragrant with tlio breath of tho morning, Tho first words that Lord Ormondo spolco woro : ' ' , ' Why aro all thoso doors opon P' Ho did not know that tho light of his lifo liad passod oat of thom for /ovormoro, Lady Faustino guessed why, and this was tho hour of hor triumph. Hor koon instincts told hor that Lady Ona had loft tho Court in ; that way. ' ' Ona I' cried Lord Ormondo, ' and liis voico was so full of pain and thoro was, suoli a world of anguish in it, tl \afc Lady Faustino shuddorod. ' Ona!' ho cried again. No voico vopliod. Lady Faustina's hoarfc loapocl with joy at 'sight of a lottor, lying cm a table, addrossod to Lord Ormondo Oarlislo. Ho oponed ifc ?with unstoady hand, and road ; 'Ormondo — Iliavo loft you forovor,; Whon what is hidden is brought to light you will understand all. It sooms to. mo usoloss to spoak, of innooonco j you must think and judgo as you will. Hoavon knows it was all through lovo of you. ; ' G-ood-byo. ftorgivo tho sliarao. I liavo brought to your raofl. Thaulc you for all your lovo and kindness'. Thoro is.no help for mo— nono I Qood-byo, ONA.' Tho lottor foil from his hand and lay upon tho oarpot. ' Lady Faustina's baloful oyos oagorly dovourod it, thon brightonod with triumph. Sho had suoooddod I ; Sho had drivon tho haploss woman away from Carlisle) Oonrfc. Whithor had ?, sho gonoP To tho Earl's, her father's, most likely ; if so, would not her triumph bo sbort- iived r Would not Lord Ormondo follow her, and bring her back p Tho very thought was maddening ! But sho was hero on tho spot, and must prevent a reconcilation at any cost. ^ What did it matter if sho allowed her jealous imagination to have full sway, and used it to prevent a possible reconcilation ? She remembered tho column in tho Ti mes Lady Ona's agitation at the sight of it j tho wild wordB uttered in delirium ; snatches of conversation sho had at times overheard between Mrs. Poole and Lady Ona — the moat ; surely the secret lay there ! It was the pro posed draining of the moat which had led Lady Ona to this aotion. Lady Faustino s evil, jealouB fancies could bo wovon into a nli n in of such damninc evidence as to forever condemn tho runaway wifo in her husband s eyes. If Lady Faustino had but known how pitiful was tho real truth unembellislied, bIio would have been- moro than satisfied. Slio glided over to Lord Ormonde's side and laid hor hand upon his arm. As she looked into his white, drawn face, haggard and wan, with pale, parched lips, and drops of agony upon hiB brow, her heart overflowed with undying hatred of Lady Ona. In a few hurried words Lady ^Faustina repeated to Lord Ormondo hor suspicions that. Lady Ona had. been implicated in somo crimo or wrong-doing ; that her conduct ^ con demned hor utterly. She was afraid of exposure, and so had fled from Carlisle Court. That hor secret was in somo way connected with the moat, Lady Faustino was positive. Thon she wont softly away, and closed tho door upon him and left him alone. Lord Ormonde kopt his own counsel. Whatever took place within that silent rooni was known only to himsolf and God. Whon ho camo out after a timo, his fiubt step was tot 1 I T 1 /tl ? l_ ' I. C ? ? ... 1i,'h telograpu to uora unarmuigu j.ui* uowh ui had daughter. The answer camo immediately — sho was not at Charnleigh Towers. Another telegram was at once dispatched to Lady Hillsdale, with tho same result. Urged on by my Lady FauBtine, Lord Or mondo consented to' go on with tho draining of tlio moat. Tho workmen gathered, tho work was begun, watched in breathless sus pense by Lady Faustiiie. Tho result was — nothing ! Nothing was fonnd iri the depths of the green waters of ? the moat. Lady Faus tine's heart stood still in amazement. What was this mysterious secret that had driven Lady Ona from homo and her hus band's lovo p That night Mrs. Poolo was found lying on the floor boBido hor bed, in a state of insinsi bility. When sho had recovered sufficiently to converse sho sent for Lord Ormondo. ' My Lord-,' bIig said, in a quivering voico, ' I havo something to confess ; the time has como whioh I have prayed so earnestly nood never como j whon you must hear tho story of your wifo's sin, and, God help mo ! I must be tho one to toll it!' CHAPTER XXX. LED J1Y PATE ! The .face; in tho album was that of Gaston Grahamo, tlio man wlioso body lay undor the still wators of tho moat,! ; If lio had stood boforo her, sho could not havo boon more terrified. With a stifled cry slio aroso, and, dropping, tho book at hor foot, hastened from tho room. Sho closed its door hastily, as though something wero pursuing hor, aud thon' sho sank, a helpless, terrified lioap, upon tho floor of the liall. Would tho door opon and GaBton Grahamo como out P - Sho could not dream what possible com bination of oiroumstancos oould have brought Gaston's picturo in that house. Aftor a timo sho arose. So.mo 'little oourago rotnrnod to hor ; no phantom stood' at the door, no shadowy form with reproach ful face. ' Have I really seen his pictured faco, or' is it phantasy ? Why should Gaston Graliame's picturo bo thoro? Thoro, in the homo where I had vainly hoped to find poace ?' sho askod liorsolf woarily, Sho' slowly opened tlio door again and pntored. It would not, havo seomod strango to hor if ho had stood boforo her in propria persona. Had ho asked hor why sho had loft him lying under tlio waters of tho moat with out seeing that ho had what every ono claims —a Christian burial. Thoro was tho album as sho had loft' it. Sho raised it from tho floor with trombling hands that scarcely sorvod hor will, and Gaston's faco again lay boforo hor oyos. Whilo sho was looking at it Mrs. Lynton ontered tho room. Lady Ona determined to ask her— slio mnst know what oliain of oir oumstanoo's had brought this faco thoro. ' ' That is a handsome, dobonnairo faco,' sho obsorvod, hor voico husky with emotion. Mrs. Lynton lookod suddonly grave. ' ' Yes,' , sho rotnrnod slowly, ' that is a rolativo of my husband's.' 'Arolativoof your husband's !' repeated Lady Ona, in tones of unmitigated wondor— almost fear. 'Yos,' vopliod Mrs. Lynton; 'why does tlmt surpriso yon ? Do you think my husband had no rolntivos p' ' I liavo novor hoard you speak of him,' ausworod Lady Ona quiotly. '' No ; tho. groat troublo of my lifo lias drivon out tho lessor ono. It is a sad story. Ho is tlio ono blaok spot upon my husband's family namo. /Almost all families havo a 1 black , slioop,' and Gaston Grahamo/' was thoirs. I will trust you with' a family saorot, doar Mrs. Doano. ? . 'My husband and Gaston Grahamo wore sous of two brothers, and thoy woro brought up as boys togothor. At sohool Gaston was foromost in ajl tho wild pranks ; and, though bright at his stndios, was oxpollod from two schools for misconduct. 'Frodoriok had tlio kindosfc hoart in tho world, and oxousod his cousin upon aHpoBsiblo occasions ; but finally ho gavo liim up as in corrigible. 'Gaston wont from bad to worso. In London, ho boonmo implicated with its fastest sou. j.no soquor is soon tolcl. Ho was con victed o£- for^ory and sontonaod to a light term of imprisonment— on account of his yoars mid his family. His hnndsomo face and dashing mannor also liolpod to win hiin a comparatively light sontonoo. Thoro was somo^tory of a trusting young girl whom ho mot in London, and through' hor influouoo with tho Judge, who was lior fatlior, ho got off bo easily. It was through lior also, that ho managod to osoapo aud oomo horo,' ' Horo I' oriod Lady Ona,.. ' horo in- this liouso P Gaston Grahamo in this houso P' '' Yos ; what is tliof'o Btrango in that P Frod oriok was his only friond, and ho camo to him for monoy, as ho ansl my husband woro joint heirs to a large estate, which would revert to them afc a certain age. Frederick had already come into his, and Gaston camo to my husband for him to advance some money on his prospects. ' Frederick had a small sum upon him, and this he gave. That night the officers of tho law, having tracked him here, demanded admittance, and we thought Gaston would be taken, but lie eluded capture and escaped into the country, where ho remained for several months. But his capture was inevitable, and one day he was taken, and tho result was that ho waB sent to VanDieman's Land for a long term of years. His fate soon overtook him ; ho was shiot while attempting to escape, and his body never was recovered from it watery grave.' Lady Ona's faco had grown ghastly in its pallor, as she listened to this sad story of a misspent lifo; Oh, heaven ! that sho should sit and listen — that sho should hear this ? that she should live and listen to such words . Sho know that Gaston Grahamo, did not meet his death at Van Dioman's Land, but at Carlisle Court, and his body lay under tho .green, silent wators of tho moat. Lady Oua rose from her seat, pale and trembling ; she would havo loft the room, but hor strength forsook hor. She went to tho window and laid hor choeks against tho pool Eflass, looking with sad, bewildered oyos out upon the protty grounds, and wondoring if any other human being ever had such a horror in thoir life, as sho ; if any woman liad ever suffered so intensely and sinned so innocently as sho. Emily Lynton wont on unconsciously : ' You seom much interested in Gaston's fate. Porhaps it' is tho first sfcory of tho kind that you have ovor heard. I, too, was affected by it, until a deeper trouble mado mo forget it.' 'Then, you havo hoard no more ?' said Lady Ona. ' You do not know if thoro has beon any discovery of a — murder — do you P You havo not road anything in tho papers and kept silent because I knew nothing about your family secret P' asked Lady Ona. 'No, not ono word. Indeed, during my great troublo I havo not thought of it,' replied Mrs. Lynton. Lady Ona was silent for some moments. What had happened since that day sho had fled from Carlisle Court, 'leaving all hor love and hope behind P What had happened since that day P Surely the moat had beon drained ! Why, it was to havo been done tho very day she had left. How did it happen that thero had beon no discovery, no sensation, no public thrill of horror ? Why was not the finding of tho body made known P' Sho knew ^Lord Ormonde so well ; know that ho was the soul of honour; no man living was moro just. Ho would never live in peace au hour, or rest, until ho had given Gaston Grahamo s body the prayers and coro- ( monies of a Christian burial. How, then, was it that tho discovery of tho body had not been mado public ? Was it poasiblo that Lord Ormondo hjid been ablo to liavo it oxliumed aud buried in secret? And would lie, if ho could ? That was hor only solution of tho mystery. Sho thought de'oply over it, and yet could not quite see , how Lord Ormonde could havo avoided publicity, unless, indeed, liis prudonco had overruled liis conscience; and, to save her, the body' of Gaston Grahamo had been laid to rest in-unconsocratod ground, in secret and unknown. . ' x The , low, sweot voice of Mrs. Lynton 1 aroused her. ' Of what are you thinking, Mrs. Doano ?' she asked. ' You have boon standing nearly an hour at that window.' ' I am tliinkiug of the story you. told mo,' Lady Ona replied. It seemed as though sho should go mad. i Sho oould neither oat nor sloop : all food tasted liko ashes; sleep fled hor pillow. Sho was baolc again at tho moat terraco, with that awful scouo over boforo hor. How could sho stay any longer in tho presence of this woman whon sho had beon the nnconsoious cause of lior cousin's death P It seemed to lior at times that a voico spoke, as to Cain of old, 'Whoro is thy brother p' And, could sho mako roply, ' Am I my brother's keeper P' Alas ! she know wlioro hia body lay — she was his keopov ! Tho boautiful, rostloss face grow palor and moro. worn ; tho graceful form grew thinner. Emily Lynton could not imagine what was wrong with hor. It was such a misorahlo lifo — haunted by rogrot, passionate, despairing lovo for Ormondo — by tho constant fever of snspenso and pain. . Lady Oua folt sho could boar it no longer. Much aB ifc tore her hoarfc and soul to leave this homo, wlioro sho had mot with only kind ness, sho must go. Her conscience forbade hor longer romaining undor tho oiroumstanoos, Yofc, how could she leave that littlo goldon haired child, with summer- blno oyos so liko hor own r That little, winning boy, -with tho boautiful, spirituolle faco, one of God's angols lout to tliis boroavod wi'dow to help relievo 'hor pain for tho loved and lost ? ' If only I oould take him with' mol' Lady Ona thought; and thon hor faco flushed crimson with shame. What had sho, wlioso soul was staiuod, common with a littlo innocent ohild P ? ? No ; ho had a mission to fulfil, to oaso tlio sorrow of Emily Lynton's widowod'hoart. and to liolp hor to live. - , ' Aubory is just as dear (to mo as if ho woro my own flosli and blood,' said Mrs. Lynton; ' in fact, dear .Mrs. Doano, some times I cannot roalizo that ho 'is not. You and ho havo saved my soul from blaok despair. I know it is wrong to griovo over Frodoriok, for ho is suroly safo and at rost in fc.ho better land, whithor wo aro all hastening; .aud, ho is- waiting for mo thoro.' - . Lady Ona said that sho could no longor romain afc Southdown Manor. Its ovory room was haunted by tho momory of Gaston Grahamo's prosonce. Sho novor onfcorod tlio rooms ho had ocoupiod without tho mad fancy, that sho saw him thero. Sho novor know what it was to bo froo from tlio torturos of memory ; and tho timo oamo whon sho oould boar ifc no longor. Sho fojfc that sho musfc plungo into somo active, philauthropio work to savo hor solf from suioido or madnoss. Thon camo back to hor momory tho droams sho hnd had afc, Ellsrnoro Castjo. What a grand thing ifc would bo to go out into tho ? bvwavs and liodgos of sin, audi- raiso tlio '.fallen and liolp tho dospairiug I . Sho would try and mako; atonomont to God for tlmfc fatal night's work. Lady Oria know that in Loudon thoro was a band of uoblo women, somo oil high nnd noblo birth, who wyro 'following in tho foot stops of Floronoo Niglitingalo,. and dovoting thoir Hvob to., nursing tlio sick and poor, and, ovory kind of 'oharity to liolp tlio 'bioIc nnd tho misorablo. - In one of tho poorest and most crow ded of tho common parts of London was a large hospital erected by royal charity, but sup ported almost entirely by the poor themselves. Some of tho ladies referred to gave their whole time to nursing in this hospital. It is no half-hearted sort of sisterhood, but they are simply ladies, who, haviug no real work to do in life, have devoted themselves to this duty ; thoy spend their whole time in at tending to tho hospital, and never shrink from a duty, however disagreeable. These ladies or nurses live altogether, near St. Anna's Hospital, in a house thoy call St. Anna'p Home. No promise binds them — they can leave their duties at any time. \ ' I/will go thore, and apply for a position of nurso,' thought Lady Ona. 'I will seo tho superintendent, and surely she will let me follow tho voico within pie that leads mo theroito work, so I can forget my sorrow and my sin.' It was the hardest task that Lady Ona had ovor tindorfcaken to tell Mrs. Lynton of her decisfon. Tho mistress of Southdown Manor lookdd at her in sorrowing astonishment. 'Go out as a sick nurse P' sho said. ' Oh, my dear, don't leave mo ! Why caunot you livo happily with Aubrey and mo P I havo learned to lovo you so dearly ; it will bo ono of the greatest sorrows of my lifo to lose you.' In- truth, the parting waB sad enough to '.thom both, for Lady Ona' loved tho gontle, kinaly woman who had takon her on trust, and had been a sistor to her. 'I want somo employment, dear,' Lady Ona said, ' that will absorb the strongfch of my body, the energy of my soul, and leave me no time for thinking. You aro moro than good -to mo, but ifc caanofc be. I must go away; I must work out my own salvation in tho way tho voico of my conscionco directs.' And from that resolution no argument of Emily Lynton's could movo hor. Sho grow moro hopeful as slio thought of the lifo boforo hor. Suroly thoro would bo no ghosts in that busy place ; no troubled droams of tho moat and terraco ! Little Aubrey's mignonno faco grew sad, and tho ready tears filled tho pretty blue eyos. ' Please don'fc go, my pitfcy lady !' ho lisped in his tender troblo. ' I love oo, and want oo to stay !' ? ' And I lovo you, my darling, darling boy !' sobbad Lady Ona, with a wild burst of feel ing which sho could not fathom as sho clasped him to hor heart. ' 'Auntie' will como and see, and you and mamma will como to London to seo ' Auntie,' won't you, my Protty ?' '? Oh, yes, boy Aubrey come to soo oo so soon.' ? Lady Ona strained him to hor hoarfc ; ? then, with a foncl farewell to the woman who had been more 'than sistor to hor, Lady Ona loft Southdown Manor, to begin lior new lifo with tho ' Sisterhood,' in the slums of London. # # * * , - * ? # * ? -Tho last fdint notes of tho ' Miserere' had died away among tho long aisles of tho old churoh, and ono by ono the black-robod sisters woro leaving thoir places in tho choir. Ono romained — ono who was as boautifulas a picturo, with a lovoly, steadfast face, aud eyes fixed on' tho white marblo oross just boforo her. : . Such a faco ! Looking as it was like read ing a poom, or listening to a lovoly* strain of music. It was liko no other faco in the world. It held a story, but what that story was 110 human oyo oould road. It was boautiful, with a grand and noble gravity ; it was serene with hard- won peace. It was suporb in its high and lofty rosolve, in .its absolute purity and spirituollo expression. A painter would havo oagerly seized it, and placed rays of light around it, then called it a Madonna. Aftor a storm, peaco ; aftor a tempest, rost; aftor long strife, tho crown ! Tho peaco that has mado tliafc quoonly faco so boautiful was not won lightly. Tho oyos that woro blue and bright woro fixed on tho fragrant ohuroh woro saying nighfc prayers for the cliildron ; and to tho silont, black-voilod figure came thoso words : ' The sins of my youth and my ignorance — -forgive mo, 0 Lord!' Sho repeated thom. To-night tho sisters had been singing the ' Misei'oro,' tho beautiful psalm that asks for pity and pardon and lovo, tlio Baddosfc and sweetest of all tho chants, for it soems to bo full of humfin toars;. and the music whioh is liko the cry of a broken lioart, pierced hers. Sho had bowod hor lioad and wept bittor toars. Then, tho storm passed, and sho raised her eyes once moro to tho marblo cross. Sho romomborod long afterwards the evening on which tho ' Misororo' was sung ; for a messago camo to the Sistor Superior, who was surrounded by tho other sisters. : 'j Oould another sister be sent to-niplit fco fcho hospital ? It was an urgont caso of lifo aud doath.' Tho boautiful faco was raised to tlio faco of tho Suporiross, and a swoot voioo said : ' May I go ?' 'You, Sistor Agnos? Aro you strong enough ? You havo boon so indefatigablo in your dufcios,' tho Suporioross said, kindly. ' ' I am not tired. Nothing tiros mo ; Lhrn so glad to work for othors. God is giving mo my mission— God' is giving mo poaco. Oh, lot mo go ?' ' Very woll, my doar,' was tho reply.; and immodiatoly. Sistor Agnos slippod on tho hoavy blaok hoodod wrap, and was soon at i tho-; hospital. Tho sistor in ohargo mot lior with a sad smilo. that lightouod with' satisfaction whon sho saw it was Sistor AgnoH. ' I am so glad it is voii 1' . slio said. ' Of all tho sistors, you aro tho ono best fitted to hoi p mo in this oaso.' , ' 'VWho iBifcP I forgot to ask,' quosfciouod Sifitor' Agues. , ' It is a sad oaso — a man who was hurt somo months ago iii a railroad nooidont, .,Ho was only brought horo to-day from S ? ? Hospital, so as to bo undor Dr. Groy's most aaroful attention. No ono knows who ho is, and not a soul has boou ablo to learn anything about him, Thoro is an attending physioian with him ; an operation is to bo mado oarly to-morrow, and I foar tlio worst.' ' Shall I go to him at onoo P' askod Sistor Agnos gravoly. 1 ' In a fow minutos,' tho matron — Sistor Do Sailos-— -ropliod'. ' Sistor Doloros will lot mo know whon fclioy aro roady.' Sistor Agnos so'atod horsolf by tho glowing firo and sank into a rovorio, Slio romomborod as though if' woro bufc yostbrday liow sho had apjjliod to this kindly-facod Sistor do Sailos to join tho Sisterhood, , ' If you aro cligiblo for tho work,' had boon hor roply, ' : , ' What do you moan by ' cligiblo P' askod Lady Ona, for Sistor Agnos was sho. Sistor D« Sailos had stailod. Fow— so i'ow ? — understood that. , ' To bo eligible to our work requires a great deal. First and foremost, one who come* to live with us must be able to trample all self underfoot; to have no self ; but to live entirely for others,' ' I should do that. My ' self' has long been j a hateful identity to me, ? I shall bo glad to J throw ifc off and become obsorbed in tho life i of others.' ' j Lady Ona looked fully into tho faco of SiBtor Do Sailes. ' You do not take sinners P' sho said. Sister Do Sailes smiled. ' Are wo not all sinners P' sho asked. ' Your ' face shows too plainly tho signs of suffering ; whatever your past lifo has been, your desire to become ono of us shows you ax'o working out your redemption. You aro welcome, Ono of tho sisters has just vacated, and you can, take her place. What namo Bhall we call you P' sho askod, Agnos Deano,' was tho reply. So Sister Agnes entered into her now life. These months had beon most beneficial, Sho had seen suffering iu overy shape and form. She had seen with toars in her gentle blue oyesj sights sho had never dreamed ox isted ; she had hoard tales that would rend one's hoart to hear. It had been conducive of great good, and to-night a chastened spirit looked out of the beautiful eyes, and Lady Ona's atonement has been complete. 1 A .messenger camo to tell hor that sho was wanted in tho sick room, 'aud sho calmly mado her way thero, and ontered. It was plainly furnishod, as aro all hospital rooms.* A bed with white hangings, a wash stand aud dressing table, throe ok. four chairs. A crucifix hung on tho wall, All thoso Sistor Agnes took in at a glanco. The patient's faco was turned from hor ; sho advanced, and, raising the lighted candlo, looked into his faco. With a low cry slio reeled, backward. .Tusfc hoavon ! what did it mean p .The face of tho man upon tbe bed before her waB that of Gas ton Grahamo ! (2*o he conUnued.y 