WHEy the Premier last session threa tened to resign if 31r Zox's motion in favor of penny postage was carried he immediately adduced a strong argument in support of the proposal. He must have felt that a majority of the mein bers of the Assembly would vote for the reduced postage. If that was likely to be the case, then it was equally clear that the country desired the reduction ; and if the country desired it the Premier should have been willing to grant the concession sought. He, however, burked the question by resorting to . common, but not always creditable, method of getting out of a hole; he threatened resignation if the motion were carried. This, of course, was a party allying cry. Thereafter it was hopeless for 3Ir Zox to proceed, and he withdrew his motion. It is satisfactory to learn that he intends to renew it during the coming session, and it is to be hoped he will press it to a division, whether Sir George Turner likes it or not. His hands should be greatly strengthened by the combination of commercial and mining men that waited upon 31r Duny on Monday last to urge the introduction of penny postage into Victoria. The deputation was numerically and influc tially strong, representing tweire power ful commercial and industrial associations as well as the general public. - The speakers apparently did not attempt to go into financial details; these Iad been brought forward so often inarious ways that they doubtless thought it superfluous to enter into figures. The deputation contented itself with the declaration that the penny postage was a necessity of the time; that the present charge was exorbitant and il logical, and that it was indispensable, if Victoria was to take a place in the van of progress, that the penny postage should be established. It was pointed out that the demand was not for a re dection in the city only, but over the whole of Victoria, and most of the speakers averred that it could not pos sibly cois 2I to carry a l]tter to any part of the colony. Mr Duify fell back npon the wrnm- out argument that the rerenue c'ou!d not stand the loss, and that in any case it was a -atter which musit Ie referreJ to the Tr-ar-er. He wouid,he inti L.i-ae-, tl.''o see etffei given to tleI proposal, but it weoul, involve addi:ior-al cst in carriage, wh.ie the incrcaie o0 Luesin-.s . uld be in.hieaciln to bin I the receip;ts up to the present figure The deputation bad erforce to he con tent with thlie amsatisfator" reply of rithe Plosfmaster-GeneraIl, but the elmrucktof the deputation and the firmuess with which it demanded reform, should bring us measnurably nearer tint desi deratum. It is more than pirolnble that at the outset the revenne will fall .off in the postal department by the introduction of the penny postage; .that tile expen diture will increase to any alanrinr ex tent by the gradual increse in the numberof letters posted may be doubteLd. Other romntrics have faced the difli enlty and have not found reason to con plain. But whatever the 'result, it is rertain that public opinion is in favor of the penny posltage system, and no Ministry can hope to put itself against public opinion, be it wise or unwise. It would be well, therefore, for Sir George Turner to gracefully give way and meet ti?he exigencies of the occasion. The colony has happily emerged from the dlepression which beset it for some sevesn or eight years; railway construction and other public works on an extensire scalre av. being entered upon with a chreerful ness born of the certainity of future prosperity. and there is every pirotn bility tinhat the close of the financial Cyear will show a surplus of a quartffer of a nmillion sterling. Can it bie fairly sni, under the circumstances, tit we cannot risk a few thousands of pounds to estab lish so gereat a boon as the penny post are? The deficit would be ut for a short period, and in the long ron the revenue would fully meet the expenditure. An idea has got into the heads of the chiefs of the several Government depart ments that each branch of the Public Service should be made.to yield a profit, and each deplrtmental administrator strivea to show a surplus regard less of all other considlerations. The Postal department is essentially one that should ignore the colmercial spirit where it clashes with public utility. 31ri F. T. Derham is quite right il his view of the main fuinnction of the post olffice. ' The highest mission of the depart "ment," he said, in addressing the Minister, - should be to be the band "maiden of the publie." Restricted postal facilities means restricted business intercourse, which, in its turn, must result in a restricted. general revenue. The post office ought not to be considered as one of the revenue-producing departments of any country. If ii is conducted in a war that will make bhth ends fairly meet it does well; but it may also do well if there is a considerable annual deficit, providing it is economically carried on and the community are materially bene Bted. The charge of 2d for letters throughout the colony, and from one side of a street to the opposite side is a manifest absurdnlity, The Postal de partment will carry an open letter all over Victoria for Id, but to carry the same letter sealedl it demands 2d!' Where is the sense in this A letter posted in England may go all over the empire, except Aus trala, for Id, and it may come to or go from this colony for 21d, yet to deliver a letter within a town boundary in this colony 2d is charged. It is discredi table to the department and the Go vernment that this should be. Oar earnest hope is that Parliament rwill next session insist upon so palpable and injurious an anomaly being swept away. TuHE suggestion that has been made - the Argu?s that a portion of the Aus tralan sequadron should be sent in search of the disabled steamer Perth. shire is one that should commentd itself to every humane person; yet the ao miral of the station does not appear to have ever considered it to.be his duty to take any steps for the relief of the people who have so long been tossedl aboutthe PacificOcean in an ab~olutely helpless condition. More than a hundred sonls are cooped up in the Perthsii e drifting hither and thither at the mercy of the elementl and. kept in a state of a~wful suspense and anxiety. If it is not the bounden duty 'of the naval anthorities to set out to the rescue it would be difficult to say what pratiale rvalue our nary is. The ostensible ob ject of the squadlron is to protect onr mercantile marine in time of war. Itis not likely to have much to do in that respeet, and it might surelyaid a section of it in time of distress and sore need, when it can do so without risk. LWhile a hundred human beings are in peril of their lives in as many different forms, each equally terrible to contemplate, the Australian squadron lies idly at anchor, and the gallant officers enjoy themselves at hwn tenni and teparties in the afternoon and balls and theatres at night. It is simply scandalous tat such a state of things should bepoesibe. No question of cost should stand in the way, but if it didthe Australian Govern ments would doubtless willingly defray ahll the expense inenrzed. Where the expenseecomes in, however,5s not easy to comprehend. The ships and men ape there, and hare to be maintained whetler theyare lyinguselesosly in harbour or ore cruising at sea. It is pretty dclear that that huge ann?al gamble under the euphemism "The "A.N.A. Art Union" is now dcc.d. It the last annual confesence it was a!. most squelched, and was slct:onoed by a small majority principolly becase it ?ra carried on in aid of the charities of the colony. The resu!Lt of the undertakiog, as ererycne nor knows, was a Soasco. Io order to secure a et retlnn of .£1700, the suCm of £7047 odd a?ras euperded, nearly £2500 of this e?anct heing paid awoy in prizes, whie siaisrie, wages, and fees (iotloding £200 rcmmissicn to the secretary), sponged up another £1000! This is charity with a venge ance. More than the amount wasted on this mons:roos gamb!e conold easily he obhtained by a little org-ni·atian, and at prac:ically no cost, if charity were the predominant motive of the asulociatizan. Oae woulnd be charitable indeed to sup-. pose that charity has erer had mneh to do with tIs nrt u?ion. The associaion cannot hbut sufer in pub!ic esteem Co long as it permits the gamb!hug element to ?entlr into its affairs; ond it is a pity that asu insintitution so conspicuously valu able should ever have tolerated the earry ing on of thie so-called art union in con nection with its annoal demonstration. The sooner the practice is abolished the better. The folloring contracts hrave been let by the isilway deparetment:-Deliveriog 30,000 sleepers, 9 x 10 x 5,at 3s 6d, at Iriagolong and Bairasdale wharf and all intermediate stations,?A. O. Brabetr and Co.; 750. sleepers, 9 x 10 x 5, at 3s 6d, at Bairssdate. WV. Lawle'ss. : In reply, to the objcttiio of te arp-I borough hospital committee to the new form of the admission ticket, which the Treasurer prepared foir use in hospitals, a reply has been received from the Under Trassunrer staing the particelars provided therein, in Sir Geooge Tamrer's opinion, are highly necessary, as the hospital is largely subsldised by the Gorernment. The Treasurer insists on the form being used iin le ins itotion The lBairusdale hospital committee also objected to the form of admissicn,'bnut were told that it might he added to if desirable. At the meeting of the Baironsdale branch of the bA...A., last Tuesday evening, three new members were elected and twenty-two propositions were received of candidates for membership. A motion condemning the larish expenditure in connection with the recent fete held i Melbourne was carried. i The result of the last A.N.A. fete complaints as to the small balance from which remaining for distribution amongst the charities have been rife--was made the subject of remark by the presideat of the board of directors (Mr Roberts)on Monday night, while installing the newly elected olficers of the Sr. Kilda branch. It wa all very well, he said, to criticise the metroiolitas committee, hobat he would like to know what body of men, handed together of their own accord, had given as much to charity in the same time. It was easy to say that the expenses of the fete were great and the proats small, bhut if the committee were to harvesometling over and above the ordinary kind of cele bration?, it had to spend a large amount of money. It was very unfair to nay thlat the members were workiogfor themselves. So one received any benefit excepting those whodid the really hard work; and for sitting up night after nighst for months and months, often until. 2 and 3 n.m., they got no more than did other members for their ordinary work. Ur George Gordon, the scenic artist of the Princess's Theatre, and unquestion ably the leading member of his profession in Australia, succumbed to the iojuries caused by his recent fall on the tram in Nicholson street, at Miss Mertelli's private hospital at 3 o'clock on Monday evening. The half-yearly election of officers in connection with the Blirnsdale lodge, U.A.LOD., took place on the 6th inst, and resulted as follows :-J.P.A., Bro. J. Seymour ; A.D., Bro. J. 3'Knockitet; V.A.D, Bro. C. Ammitzboll ; A.'s, Bios. A. J. Etheredge and W. Lee; V.A.B.'s, Bros, B. and J. Dwyer; I.G, Bro.F.Stein; O.G., Bro. J. R. Balfcur; treasarer, Bro. A. Boyce; secretary, Bra C. . Hobisn. At Yackeandandh on Monday a mns named O'Donnell was an applicant for the forfeimtre of a lease held by Mr Job. Alston Wallace, .LL.C. Evidence was given by Br Charles Hancock, de fendant's agent, that the applicantwas prisoner of the Crown, and had forfeited his civil rights. The warden held that the applicant was a felon, and recom mended that the lease should not be for feitea and granted to a convicL The Queen land Assembly has passed Federal Enabling Bill. Timber is now seasoned electrically; it is placed in a solution of borax, resin, and carbonateof soda, in a large tank, and connected to an electric circuit. The effect of the action of the current is to make the sap rise to the top of the bath, while the solution enters the pores of th timber. The process lasts for seven or eight hours, and then the wood is dried. Timber may be seasoned in this way in a few days. and is equal to that which has been stered for five yteas The ghost stare which recently started in Ballarat has extended to the Bosiorong district. At Mount Clear uon Sunday night a yong man, whenreturniag home ward along a lonely track, encountered a tall object, writh wings. The " Phantom," the young man intformed the police, per formed a kind of step dance,7- After gaz iag at the figure for some seconds he cl lapsed with fright, frm the effrects of which he has not yet quite recovered. Iiss Priscilla Verne's Barlesque and Specialzy Company will give two pr formantes in Bairaodale on Tuesday and Wedneadsy evenings next. Toe company is a fairly large one, unmbering about a dozen performers of the variety type. The clans of entoartainment they give shoald be lightsome. Thecommitttee of the Women's Hos pital has snelved for a month a request from the "Women's Political Social Crsaade" that a deputation from that body should be received to dis-nss the question of the different treatment of muarried and single Fatients in the institu tion. The ground on which the request was practically ignored was that the mem bers of the "Cressie" were not suh scriber,. Mrs Field Flowers GCe pre aided. It is reported from Nslthalia that whether Bishop Gee eeas ,i: to interfere or not the residents rmean to ta'e efective meoasres to denounce the slandaers which have been made on thrm by the Pev.. Geo. G!ds?tcone, incumbent of Uoly Trinity Church. A public inditnation meeting is to he held to dermonstrate the recke ss crharacter of Mr Gladstone's pilpit utoerances. It is stated that there are in the district highly repotaile persGs, ThOse wives and daugohters have bren present at soee cf the Ical dances, and have beern pilloried by IMr Gladstone, eho have written him asJ dared hia even to da:ken their doers again, sae at his personasl risk. There aFppears to be a prtbabiity that some olf thre persons st shom the preacher's remarks were most pointedly direced wiil nke sc:ion t gainst him frt criminrl s!ander. Accaun:s are at the receipt and pay ciae, E?ltirdO o, for II. Cameron, J. . Fograrty, J. HMpkire, J. HGofman, C. Jons. J. eCedtLr. J. W'. tfohiraon, D. hUlro,, J. htI:c"-ell ansd Co.,W. tr.'Ua.rdy, F. Snlievnn, W. Sthrvers, A. Simpson, . ,G. V-arney. Weright. L G. Qail, E. Sunders, Tsmbo Shire ConciLh A nearin sale of farm impleraenls, ec., ill ba held at Elarcn Hill es:ate, on the -atrLo .iver, to day. A E~Ipndid Ctlttina ft 10tus will bh .?ered for sale to-day at hir Archie i'2lpine'a re?oliace. Fond, at?:rperof horse rsa ann water roaf bhggy knre mg, an Groan Bros Ihapoah and hnst~-Atr. 