It is "always" a dangerous proceeding to attempt to be a prophet, but the pro phet who puts lis predictions Into verse, and then gets left by circumstances, is an individual who takes big risks for a very trifling prospective reward indeed. Th<} large amount of bad verse produced In Great Britain before the sailing of the America Cup would horrify any who be lieves that criminal statistics show crime In that favored land is on the decrease. Tor "Wseks before the Cup various papers were pestered by patriotic bards with a little thing of thfeir own about the coming content, and all the minstrels were filled with an overpowering foreboding that the Shamrock was going to capture the Cup without unilue effort. Luckily for the peiape of mlad of the British public, \- and the circulation of British newspapers, most of the contributions wire suppressed, but a few appeared* of which the follow ing is a sample:— "Arrived at herdestination. At the starting point, she's seen ; . The signal's given, the boats are off. 'And the Shamrock's forward fleeing. Now she's gaining fast by inches, Soon it lengthens into miles, Hie Columbia from the race drops out of plaee, > As the Shamrock first in flies. \ . « There were several more verses in the poem, but one shkmld be sufficient for most, people. The whole poem is only one of many, so that there must be a large number- of disgusted bards at large just now. Possibly they may pull up to a certain eictent on the Transvaal difficulty, but It is sad to sete so much poetic ability wasted amply through backihg the wrong horse. The Unitdl States is at present wrest ling with 'a little difficulty, concerning /some of her supporters during the war • with Spain. When the war broke out . . Admiral Pewey's fleet was at Hongkong, and he hired Chinamen to cook and do .other work of a necessary but jhumble description on board of Uncle Sam's warships. The war proceeded, and Dewey and his meh gained glory and fame, and were enrolled in the catalogue of her <es, honored by every properly brought-up American, but nobody knew or wanted to know1 anything about those humble Confucians, who stuck manfully to their galley . fires even in the midst of the most exciting scenes, placidly attend ing to the internal affairs of the great American nation, without worrying about foreign policies, Monroe doctrines,, aerial torpedoes, or any other extraneous mat ters. But although America as a. whole knew nothing of those unobtrusive celes tials, those-who consumed the results of their efforts were grateful, and jusb now several skilled lawyers in Xankeeland are trying to find some way) by which those faithful cooks may dodge the provisions of the Chinese Expulsion Act, and become citizens of the -United States. So far it seems necessary for a special Act of Con gress to be parsed, but the prospects of such a provision being put through ap pear excellent, and a really substantial reward for conscientious cookery bids fair to come to pass. The 'British Medical Journal' is advo cating the abandonment by doctors of the ordinary horse-propelled vehicle in favor of automobile conveyances. The 'Jour nal* reckons out the annual cost of a horse and trap at about £300, while it puts the price of an automobile at absut 200 or 300 guineas, and very much less than £100 to keep it running, including the ser vice? of a small-boy to keep it clean and attend -to it generally. There is a host of alarming possibilities about this idea," and it Is to be hqped in the interests of all nervous pedestrians and municipal authorities who tremble at the wefrd 'bi cycle* that the 'medical fraternity do not hasten to adopt the proposal tHl legiti ntftte business falls off to such an extent/ as to make it absolutely necessary. Any one who reads the annals of the motor car.in other lands must ooine to the con clusion that even in unprofessional hands they are not what they aeon according to the manufacturer's prospectus. Of course there are two sides to every question, w1 that a large portion of the history of riot ous, behavior. on the part of the motor car may be discounted a# a result of <son » servative or mtevested people, with large imawiwatinnfi, who ajnel unduly biassed ill favor of the horse, but there is no getting around the fact that motor-cars tp date have established a record for drunk afid disorderly conduct in public thorough fares. 11} this has been accomplished by totally uncalled and unprejudiced lay men, what might be the result when, the auto-mobile, withYouth, in the shape of the «m»H boy, at the prow, and Pleasure, represented by a gentleman with, practis ed hand and a pleasant prospect of in cleasing business, at the helm, careers "w ith demoniac rapidity "wherever human ity gathers in sufficient numbers. Hie Long-suffering land of Australia la about to be visited with another severe alfliction, in the shape of a Glasgow, pas tor of the most violent description, who is said to be descending on the land of the kangaroo with a view to converting the whole of her inhabitants to temper ance) before leaving for other sinful shores. This well-meaning but fearsome individual, whose honored name is Bob ertson, holds the most extreme views ob tainable upon the subject of^ 'whusky, 'wee drappees,' and such cheering but in toxicating items, and the fact -that the name of Eobertdon is so indissclubly blended with' a brand of mountain dew is alone sufficient to make him perpetually lament that his father was not an. O'Hool igan. Evenj that wholly praiseworthy ar.A religious function known as Hallow e'en is said to cause him a certain amount of apprehension, while he -looks on smoking as a sinful and filthy habit, which is a distinct challenge to Heaven and a prelude to a fiery future. Accord ing to the opinion of this outspoken ana awe- inspiring1 Gaelic reformer, 'My-Lady Nicotine is a spiritual barloV while an Hnpywjnnahln blemish on the career; of *dcar Mr SpUrjgeon' was his declaration that it was possible for a man to smoke to the gldiy of God. The Bev. Mr Rob ertson, of Glasgow, ia fact, is a ir^ular lvddite shell species of reformer, and A is to be hoped tiiat his absence from the shores of his native Scotia will not lead to a -wholesale backsliding on the part of less righteous *brither Scots.' It would be indeed sorrowful if, after teaching Australian sinners how to walk the straight anil narrow path without falling off, the fiev. Robertson returned to find his countrymen out on an unlimited Hal lowe'en. , A curious illustration of how hard it is sometimes to properly lose anything has occurred in. New South "Wales, where a miner working at Trunkey struck his pick through an. old matchbox, and on in vestigation" found that it was full ^ of coarse gold. Hie overjoyed finder im mediately charged in to the nearest bank, nnH gold the contents of the box for 14/6, probably the largest sum his claim lias yielded up to date. The matchbox it self ia said to be of an ancient design not in active circulation nowadays, while the ground where the discovery was made "had not been worked for 30 years, so that the original owner has probably loag ere this succumbed to the,effects of gold seeking and backblocks liquor. An any rate, no claimant appears to have turned up, which speaks little for the enbsrpri e and untruthfulness of the oldest resident in the Trunkey district. One of the most aggravating circumstances in such cases usually is that it is absolutely impossible to find anything, from a rich reef to a huge nugget, that the oldest readentdid n't know all about yeais ago. When that box was lost by the original owner 30 veais ago, however, he! almost certain ly took the trouble to ascertain to his satisfaction that he had done the mat ter thoroughly, instead of which the very T|t>Yt man who has the misfortune to work that old abandoned bit of ground stumbles on the box-and gains the iewar4 thereof. If the ghost of the loser is any where round Trunkey he must be feeling somewhat mortified at the way events have come to pass. Even in matters where Romance once held undivided sway, commercial enter prise and the prosaic tactics of business men are beginning to assert themselves, a proof of which is given by the fact that a company has just. been formed in England to assist people afflicted with po&r; but honrsb circumstances in entering the holy bonds of matrimony, with con siderably more eclat than tMr unassist ed incomes would allow. The prospectus of tliia fiwifimcntally philaw^ropic insti tution truthfully observes ttafc -one of the1 greatest dra wbdefo. connoctedwith f^Hing hitehed with_ all . seJf-rc^pectliig'* emaHr salaried people is tiie'diffieulty of provid ing a sufficient supply of wedding pres- ' ents iomake ttcseyea of the critical pub lic bulge with envy, and thei mother of* the"thirteen unmarrte^. young Mtes over the way. to shed a silent tear of m^ediager aiid grief. \ Thepromoters of the company, haying unhappily1 all been there themselv es, have decided that' theonly |^r |oilpndva this almost insuperable |»krto we^Uock, and at the same jtime hiiprevent youBg couples from falling out of the honeyifebon into untimely bankruptcy, "is to provide par medium of a company all sorts cf superior wedding gifts for # trifling cons!deraticn, fcaid presents to figure prominently dur ing the ceremony, and to be quietly hand ed. out at the back door atj dead bf night and returned to the Co. ..If this inst itu tion does not l&igeJy; increase tlie marriage rate in Great Britain, it can honestly be asserted that the idea of Romance and Commerce walking hand in hand through this vale of matrimony and tears is. a melancholy and Hdlloxv failure. The charge is only from 5 to. 10 per cent, and the company, quite naturally, seni their own caretaker with the jewellery. The death rata among the combatants on both sides in South Africa, has l»een pretty heavy, but the devastating man ner in which peace is sweeping thb ranks of the .gallant New South' Wales Lancers is becoming too horrible for ordinary men to contemplate without shuddering or taking a drink. Within a couple of Weeks twenty-fivef of this mjable little band of martyrs have1 been placed bora de combat, without having placed their lances skilfully in the fleshiest portion of a flying Boer's anatomy*, or assisted in proving that occ^onally- evezy bullet has its billet by care&eissly; coming in contact with a missile from a Mauser. No tragic occurrences on the blood-stained sward, in fact, have in any way tended to change the current course1 of events for those heroic 'pig stackers' from beneath the Southern Cross, their downfall from the steep path that leads glory and Pre toria, and thefr total abandonment cf al! prospects of getting laid out at th£ front, having come about solely through the force of harsh and uncompromising circumstances, and that Destiny, whic-h nn man, net even a Lancer, is master of. The cause* of -the* obliteration of fifteen of these warriors is that their cruel em ployers declined to keep their billet® open any longer, in casgi they go<\ killed and necessitated a total change cf staff. Then their country's call to arms was In the case of ;five more of the gladiators sus pended 'sloe die', in favor of the call of sundry anxious and excited female par ents in New South Wales, who considered ifc was just about time for Johnnie to come marching home before his1 clothes besame damaged. Jlie other five knight* who are returning to their natave land. >m perforated, are in ill-health, high old timri? ijn England, and a ;?ul<*quwit v/ebbling motion **n the .sad sea wa^e, h.r ing provok'd a nasty attack of mal d*» «er. A serious altark of some su£b epidemic as toothache at the "Gape atj nresent might reverse the illative si^ia ttons of everything, and save both the Lancers and Kruger. " 