GOHOIWEiXTH BILL MTI-BILL LEAGUE. ? :o: ? MEETING IN SCHOOL OF AfiTS. A' public meeting convened by tbe Anti Commoawealtfa BiH league tras field in the hall «f the School of Arts on Monday night. There were about 200 persons present. The chair was occupied by the llayor (Mr. H. fiddes} and oa the plaXiorm were MeseTH. G. & Curtis, W. Kidston, and J. C 6tewart, WfT. A J W. Allen, W. K. Hig son, E. Foreman, W. Soell, E. Gostelow, & W. 3. Rutherford, J. Cauovazi, E. M. Emrers, O. Lewis. J. Edrar, D. Esau. VV. Sheehy, F. Woods, W. J. Ince, and X. Hurley. Tbe 'ifoyor hneBy opened the meet ing. ME. CUBTIS'S SPEECH. Mr. CU£33S, who was received with ap plause, said the meeting had i-eeB. convened by the Anti-Conimonwealth Bill league, which was recently formed in Sockhamp ton, 'with a view to secure ff possible the rejection of the Commonwealth Bill by the people of Queensland on the 2nd of 6epteng-er next. He stood there as a de clared opponent of that measure to move the following motion, — 'That in tbe best interests of the people ' and tbe future weSlar? of Central Queens -land it is desirable that the Common ' wealth Bill with its dbjectionable clauses 'should be rejected Siy an overwhelming ' majority.' He was an opponent of ihe bfU on several grounds, tout mainly for two reasons. The first reason was that if Queensland ac cepted the bill and was incorporated in tbe proposed federal union under its provisions, tbe people of Central Qtxeen∧ -Bratlld not have tbe slightest' ghost of a. chance of ever securing their political emancipation from Southern Queensland and the manage n.cnt of their osrn affairs for generations to come. (Applause.) That lie took it sbould be a . sufficient reason for every man in tbe Central Division who bad tbe best interests of the division at heart to vote figainst ihe bill. -Aj-p3a-u9e.) The second reason he 'had for opposing the bm was because it did not make any provision for the protection of the infant industries of Queensland, and because be recognised that immediate freetrade would mean the annihilation of those industries that the people had I'**' gradually building up for the last twenty-five rears. (Applause.) Speaking with regard to his first reason for opposing the bin — namely, that it would be fatal to the aspirations of the peop'e of the Central Division, be pointed out that Jlr Dickson could, if he had been at all anxious, have asked the Premiers of ihe other colonies when they met in conference in January last to consent to an amend ment of the I23rd clause, or to have some other clause inserted to tbe effect that the 123rd1 clause was not to apply to Queens land, or to have some other provision put in toy which the Federal Parliament should have the power of subdividing this colony. That, however, did not suit Sir. UicksonV policy, which was to make Queensland one and 'undivisible. It has been alleged by the any-price advocates of the bill — thosr who were federalists at any priuc — that notwithstanding the amendment »lii-h iras made at tlie conference of Premiers in the 1271b clause of the bill the Federa- 1'arlia order that Queensland might be divided. But he (Mr. Curtis) contended that it was impossible that could be done constitution ally, and people who made such a pro posal as that to the people of Rockaamp ton must have a very poor opinion of their intelligence indeed. (Applause.) That clause could not possibly oe amended with out the consent of Queensland. If it wen done without Queensland's consent it would be a revolutionary proceeding, and he df-3 not think that the Federal Parliament waif likely to countenance anything of that kind. Why, rT such a proposal Vere sub mitted uie representatives of Xew Soutl Wales and South Australia would s-our tbe idea at once, being afraid that if il -were countenanced they might befuiiH* the victims of a similar conspirar-y themselves at some future time The 123rd clause was in his opinion a most stiort sighted and most unstatesmanlike provision, and one which was more^ikely to create trouble in Australia than anv other provision in the bill. (Hear, hear') He noticed lliat the Pydney - liulletin' had n-ci-ntly been ad vancing reasons ivliy the ftcople of Central Queensland should' accept the i-onslitu tion. but here was what that paper said in its issue of the 22nd of Oi-tober last: — ' The alteration demanded 1)V Hie minority ' in New South Wales is that the jmaran ** tee offered to each province against any ''alteration in its boundaries shall be de ' dared to be absolutely and permanently ' unalterable, under all circumstances. The 'Xeir South Wales Assembly accepted ' this idea by a large majority, and it i u quite probable that the other province' 'will do likewise. V-t it is a miserablj ' unjust and near-sighted idea, and con \- tains probably more evil possibilities foi 'the future than any other item in tb 'draft constitution. The fkt-t that Mr 'Barton's voice was lifted in opposition ' shows that Mr. Barton is at least a far 'seeing statesman. The fact that it wa. 'not lifted a great deal louder am ** more persistently than it was show ?'that even Mr. 'Barton hasn't Tialf th ' foresight that a federal leader shouM lur- He (Mr. Curtis) thoroughly agreed with ever}' word of that extract The federal constitution was based on the doctrine o' state sovereignty or state rights, and that quired at all. Tt was the doc-trine upon wWrfi the union of the United SUtes wa founded and which led to the dreadfnl civil war m that country. The people ot kind here. The union provided for in th» bill was not a union of the people of Am& traKa. but a union of thr Ktatfs. Tha' beinj; so its fundamental basis was nTonf Hud unsound. 3Iorp than tluvt, it- was n,»* what the people required. fl*-liey did no: wanted one state and only one -t;itc- 'i' tbe people of Australia could ^ny wha* they desired in tfce matter of fcdrrati(»n r would not lie a thing of that kind at ail hut A union of Hie people. (Applause. The bill -iras not a people's bill at all. I tras « politicians and a lawyer's bill. (An plause.) The politicians 'and lawyer thought that the basis of tlie Guudiar constitution was not pood enough. The} reckoned that although the different part* «-f Australia were called colonies thei should be eventually sovereign states, an;3 they framed constitutions foUowing closcU tbe fundamental baas, or at all events or M»meofthe /unda&ie;&tsl; Ixzsis of the Arne riean constitution. GJui the ca»e of _\u-; traJia. and Anienea was entirelv different. Ml tbe thirteen staxes hi the Anierloar union were sovereign eUteo tit the tim they federated. Each one was ?perfertl- mdepftndenu -Eacli waft an independeu CO] mil unity. Jtut who would contend th&: :.t ?was ever intended that the Australia-1, colonies should become so\\*erci«!ri] state? There was not the slightest doubt in hi mind tiiat «ome of the frdmers of the cod ??titution had in view the u him ate com plete rndependene^ of the colonies. Indeed there wan not ilie ^'ightent doubt, as lir. Garran had *aM. lUAt it uwild be a very easy matter for the colonies when they de* ?ired to do ^o to cut their coiv&ection;'-with the mother country, and that upon th? sligibtfst hiterfprenc-e iritdi the .selfjrnveni io'- powers of the colonies there would be a declaration of Australian independence. He (Mr. Curtis) did not believe that that was what the people of Australia wasted at all. They wanted a differeit thing al together. It had been said by a friend of hi* — and be thoroughly apreed with aim — that state rights meant the rights of the capita! cities, -or rather the people living in and about tlie capital oities. Who wa dominating fbe rolonies at present, and keeping the people in subjection ? - I^ook it .the experience of Central Queensland ! Tbe people lirinjj about Brisbane iverr dmninaiting the people of the Central Pivi ?*ion. They would r.oi \eA tbeni «o ami so ?ure tneir own indeitendfflce. ,l_'ndor fod^ -*Ati-m that sort of thin? would be int**n sified ami perpetuateU. \Vn- that «1h.it li poople of ? i he Central Divi-jon wanted * (A voice : ' No.') In tlie bwt inteu««u; o^ the NV-rih(*rn U'tui ('-enirjl ?-Ii\'d-ioii^ if wa'' ?inir.tWo rhai Ow bill -!io»U lx- n-jei-leJ U tliey did not kill it it would kill them ;* dead n»w.-( If lhp i^oapV of ill.- S«r -hem and Omral divisions atc^nicl thr hiU they would alur.Jrw all tilioir rialit vviiii-ii t)i.'v°liveii non- ivijii-!: .-.ii,l ilini tin i-onsenl of thp (J'-^!--l;nid I'ariiinnrat n-Jt nM-pt ol thpir own afiair-. norwitlu^latidiTi^ what had brt»n saiJ about vho Colooia1 Boundaries Act. If rhf fnijx'rial i'ariia ment vi^Ued to divide Queensland into three pans it would not allow the Colonial Boundariw An to stand in tlie way. (Ap plau*!.) Tha anv-prifc hillitos told tlic 'lion 'if you ai-irpt tlic Mil. You i-janni \- -wt Separatian as you aro. Thp Imperil1 ~ authorities will not lake* action. ' He (Mr. Ourri,) denied that. He said ^mpji.-] tidily llwt if the iieoj.io of tli» Vonhrrn Division had miitcd ui-Ji the j«-onl.- of thr (''?Mitral I)i\T?ion in t.imiinjj a working union Spjw ration would lnvo pvcniujiteil ]-oforc 'now. Milty l»dd the Son-hern pfoplo noi unitoil with them? IWause ihe Nor thern Joaders had taken oilioe in '^iiut'iern Ministries .and front ihe time they did w jira^timliy abandonwi ^(?paraiiou. Hu: nn '*nv oou(4 »uppost* thai the present Oovt'rn — -that the Xorthern inenibers wen* jrornjr t-i n'i.iin sest^ in 'the Got'crnnipni, for cyct. A ciianpe misht fate nla-* anv -bv md whiw it did take pla.v Ih.-re ivoul.l W a rlialisr f.ir the licttor as f.ir a~ Separui.m i Terent is-ue of tl ? Cwkt-nvn Indepen ?iint ' wliirli il *l»i»M !»? r.'in.-mli,.r.-ll «-.i- \- Vnn Imth liap.T :—-««? b.-lieve in ihe 'aWiily :md hniie-lyoftl,e-r.rn. U. Philn. '* but cjiinn: 4^uii-* under-iand !iis j«titude 'towards Separation. Onee he T.ncr lort '.-ui opnort unity for ventilating -ui^ opi '- nioiis, but now he has to be 'drawn like ' a ludser to utter a ?word on ;»., and theu ' he i« mild and fasnistir, l»in^ evidently marc impressed uitii the .net*es^iy of pre serving the Minisirj' than for 'securing Ihe liberty o! t.he Xorin. If he liad coa ? tinued to lead the Northerners and es tablish a cordial alliance with the Cen fctral district, we believe Separation would '* liave long ago been accomplished. ' .iUites'that the Xortiiei-n and Central iliri ioiin would be in no woi'^p a itosition under eileraiion than they i\e\\-c in now. Jii- reply i'».- iliat vr'nen a Vliar^r. of Gawrnincni ?jjok pla&o; — -as it wight anv day — it would n all probability he, followed Wore lonp by a working union between the Xorth and Jenure. and the raouicia that that look ilflw SeiKiniiion would -oon h(*onie an accutuplisbed fut-t- (Ap]ilau-«-.) The true joliey of the |*eople of the Ccutr.il Division vds 10 kcej) out of the ne;. They -iliouid mt play fly to Mr. l)k*k*-n .1* -i'/)dt'i. \\\ ,iiev did that tlicy would 4m? tied up mcx lever escajH-. Tliey had Ijpcn told that hey .should accept the bill and at tin- *asic iinc petition the Imju-ria] I'.irli.inirn: to ?Iter it. Would rlwt not ite it ridir-trlous :hjn™ to do ? Their true pouVy was (.-» rote againr-t ike bill — {apj-lau?*t — and if in *pite of their voting i:*raju.-'t it ii was **ar ricd. then they could --oi.H-i.-nlly jteiiiion igain«i it. and show timt they wn- Iwiii^ forced into a ;hinp tuat ihev did nm a\\-- jrove of. If. on the oth,-r Iwnd. tin-y a\\-- iA\ed of tbe l.IM by their vote=. end tJien sent hoiut* a petition against it they wouM be the laughing sioc-k of the country. (Ap ibuie.) Let them he true to Lh'enisi'iws ind retain all Uieir rights under the exiti ng constitution. Then tliey v.ouJd be safe tn. all probability the destiny of ihe Central Divraon -would be in the ' hands of the people of tlie division on the 2nd of Sep leuibej-. In all probability they would Jiave t in their power to turn 'the scale one way -r llie other. If they turned it in ihe rijrht way they would occupy a stronger ]*o~ition politically than they' had out dou«* be orc (Applau^J He did not wi*h to de aiu tiie mectiug long, as there were nibera a s;ieak. but he shouid like to say a few ords on tlio «^ucstion of lieal indu^tr1.'. rt'ould it not be a melam-Iioly tliin« i., ^,. he few indu^trie-^ liiat llotlduiiri]n-in had ajninltfteiy uij-ed out r Ju run.-idfo j»o thi* {ue^tion it should !k- Itorne in mind tliat *ii-loria Lad Ueen heavilv |irj'»t»vti-il for h:rty years, and that N\\\v SouiJi Wale*. with her deposit-* of --oal and iroi\\. mi«lit 'kooiiuv in iJin course of tinw, a }aT*& mani: aciurin-r oonnLr--. Dirvi-il)-'tlifiv u-.is free trade Queensland would lie' open to a fi-n-e wmpetition /roui Victoria and New South Wales, and its indiiatrit^,, in lii-s opinion, nouti go do\vti. The sanic remark;; jiiinfat tpply to ine farmers as to ihe uianufne .urer.v It was a melant'lioly tbin^ to find that a. number of the cattlA-owners in the Central Division, for tiie r-ako of :\ mere apSruble — he did not say it was alwriutely certain — ainprorement *-f a fwv sail] in ^s in the value of tlicir cattle w**re i-n»pan-d; aud wlely on that jround. to vote for the bill, and jrcrlians vote away tJie i-aliueai riirlits of the people. He was pleased to say that the (2trlle-o\\\~nerc of tbe division were hoc nil of that mind. If the removal of tbe duties on stot-k did increum the value -if cattle, it could only be to an (inappreciable pxtent. because iv was pot the catti&-owiiers who paid the duty hut the consumers. Really -nhai the cattle-owners who were in favour of the bill wanted was not federation at all. but intercolonial free- Irade. As a matter of fact, thev would accent any bil! so long as thev got free trade. (Applause.) There was another point that he should like to refer to — namely, thai federation was not Jjoing to- be j)'Opardi»«d by Qupcnpdand remaining out in the meantime. The southern colonies were jroin^r to federate, and the safest policy for the ;KH-p]c of the Contra] Division to adopt wHii to wait some little time until they could *acuru l»ettcr terms. A great dt^il had been said about tbe colony re maining out and niit fioiuj* in a?; so orisinal stale, becdu.-* if it entered now it would have equal represpnidiion in the Senate, lie did not think tluit would be a jrreat ad vantage. It was not a* though the Senate iw ffoin^ to he a strong Senate- It -was izoing to be a weak Senate — one that could Iw sent about its bu-ine-- to the countrv. -AnpUuse-. In Uie worA=, of Sir Hugh X--laon. it was poinp- to be a weak, and em.i5c-ulated.and rotten Senate. The better IK-Jk-y for Que^flaland to pursue was to stop out lor a while and then come in as three or four stales. Queensland as one would be nowhere. It was not fair, and it was not . -wise, that the colony should be incorporated' as one state. If it went in as one state it ?would lie virtually annexed bv New Souths Wales and Victoria, In a joint sitting of the two Houses of 7he FedwaJ PaiiianaemS: 'Sew South Wales and Victoria would hare ' about fifty or sixty members as against Queensland's. fifteen or sixteen. Queens land would run no ri-k in standing out It -ivas a y&st; {-ountry. It, was a grand ^ielf sulTicinjr, selMependenL country, and it could stand on its own feet if it caane t» that. (Applause.) It was nrore than t^viee as big as the thirteen American colo nies iv^ueh federated upwards of 100 years ago. It was eqnal to twent\\-four of the state? of iho United States. It had been said that if Queensland did not come in tfce united colonies would rrert a federal tariff. In reply to that be -would point out thai, it would not be to the interests of the southern colonies to do that If they didi they would only make the cost of living dearer to their own people, and the peon?e would not stand that. (Applause). ^The interest of the people of the southern colo nies was U- trade with Queensland, as it was to tne interests of the people of Queens land to trade with the colonies t f loe sou'h If Queensland -were to stand out for a. _-w 3'ears it could in the meantime enter iito a tariff union with the federated colo u nntil arrangemenif conld he made for lip. incorporation of Queensland in the hi on as eiUier three or four states on equit- oie terms. (Mr. Stewart : 'Just as New Zea land would come in.' I Before he sat down he should like to point out i/ ibe people of the Central Division voted for the lull' indefeasible litle lor generations 10 come over tiie land and revenues of the division. One of the results of federation would be a vniionn tariff, and be believed a moderate one. Tiie Braddon Blot, as it was called, lvould be an inducement in the direction of direct taxation. Tie result of a moderate uniform tariff would be a. deficiencv, he thought, of be tireen £400,000 and £500.000 a year in the revenue of Queensland. How- would that be made up ? (A voice :' Land tax.**) It would be made tip bv selling the lands of the Central Division. (Applause.) If the people of the Central Division voted for the bill and it was carried against them they would be plated in a humiliating and helpless position. It would be useless for tizezn to send members down, to talk about self-govern menu They would be irpated with more contempt and less consideration than they had ever been before. They would be* told to keep quiet or they would get nothing. (AppUusel. He had been a resilient of Rocthampton for tfairty-tiiree jwe, and he thought he was entitled to claim their confidence in this matter. (Ap plause.) It was ten years afro within a few months since he stood on that platform a? the prime mover in the Central Separation movement, and he \ras there that evening moving a resolution for the purpose of pre veutiB^ Ibpir opponents from destroying all the work that had been done during those ten rears. (Applause.) He n-as asking them to vote against he bill, because if they did not do so ail the -work of that long period would be absolutely thrown away. And they wooid be in a far worse position than they were ever in before. (Applause.) He thought lie might fairly claim, without v fear of contradiction, that 'he nad been ab solutely loyal io the interests of the people of the Central Division in the matter of Separation. He had worked persistently andjconastentlv, and with inflexible deter miiiatio^ to carry the movement to a suc cessful issue, and if he bad foiled it was because of circumstances over which he had no control. (Applause.) He now begged to move the resolution, which he hoped woud be carried b~ a verv krge majority. (Applause.) f ME. KWSTOyrS SPEECH. Mr. KIDSTOX, who was received with applause, said he bad very nmeh pleasure in seconding the resolution moved by his col league. He had noticed both from what he hail seen in Brisbane and what he had seen is Bockhamptoxi that there was n desire to hurtle the people of Queensland into the union before they had time to consider the matter. He agreed with what the Mavor had said in his opening remarks — that the matter was of sufficient impor tance to demand the very fullest considera tion. Farther than that, he though! in trying to make up their minds they must not forget that the union they -were asked to go into was to be an, indissoluble one. and that they could not go into it to-day -ind come out of it 'next week if thev found it did net suit- He did not think that was a kid feature in itself. He did not think that any kind of Australian federation would Ije worth having that was not in dissoluble; but that was an excellent rea son why the people should give the very fullest consideration before they agreed to join the union. (Applause.) It should be remembered, further, 'that this was no longer a question of federation in the ab stract. It was cot a question of whether they believed in Australian nnity. A ?concrete proposrl had been dra^rn up and elaborated in ali. the details, settling all the conditions undrr which federation was to take place. i*nu It iva- their first duly, he tlwujjiit. ro ton-ill* r not. what New i^outb Wales Imd done, r.nr what Victoria w*e poin^ to ilii. \'vt !:i-w i))** I'tjn-'titutioD should vroijili itr it.i!v:inta™€*s and dinddvun tagf*^ nYi'l ji't ;H':-nTaingiv. Of nmrsc. wuen nne i;ilUf--i in ibis way lie was ii^Ul that he' tts.- a traitor to ikf* frj-osi cju-v ot Aus tralian unify. Ke -1M not think that meant very tnncu wlien i: came from the lips of men who were double-dyed traitors u- the ?^ause. of Central ^paration — applause — 'by a very great authority in that hall, had rtold their Separation birtliriplu for a mes. «f Ministerial pottajrr. When one found a soldier disloyal to Iii- own regrnipnt tbey loyalty to the w»aI-- army: and he (Mr Ki&elonl; would not think much of Utr . lira wlio could only lake in the who!* wide s. v«*j- of Australia., but could nor pause to eo isidtr the district in which they lived, and from which they were making their living- (Applause.! In this matter lie ivoulci* have the people of i]ie Central Divi sion f. Mow the example of the men who drafted th* constitution. Thi-y hail a ^ai deal to s Vy about the pmn union that wa going- to t* Iwrn in Australia : tliey had a great deal V- *»y about one people 'and one destiny; b;*l they publicly and repeatedly announced i%*t. it na~ their special Imsm?-^ to look aitt t iho interests of the people who had eJet^*-d them to the convention. And over and Mver again they compro mised and rotr premised with one another. other: Lnt all' through the irprespntatiir? \--: the dilTereiit colonies eon-i do-red it wae their special July to look after the interests -of their own to.or'y in the drafting of th' constitution. Tlwr people of the Central Division should laltc up Lhc verv sanie sented ro them for their acceptance. 'They mi»ht be quite patriotic as Austra lians, and, quite desirous of joining the mother colonies in making a strong Com aider how the basis of the* con^titatiott national sentiment its true and proper weight and keeping a sharp eye on ifcc busmess aspect of tbe matter. Mr. Curtis had already shown the enormous disadvan tage unifer which tbe people of this divi sion particularly would suffer if thev ac cepted the constitution, and his opinion was that if every other clause in the bill was perfectly satisfactory to the people of the Northern and Central divisions the provisions of the 122nd. 123rd. and 127th clauses would be ample justification for their refusing to accept *he canstitution. (Applause.) When he was taJking out side with people about the matter he found that the argument thai was most continu ally in the mouths of those who want&l; the people of the Central Dinsioii to ac cept the constitution and join 'ho federa tion was what he migit call u 'i u«? cheap food argument' Clause SS of the bill pro vided that within two years after tbe Com monwealth was established the Federal Parliament should establish a uniforn tar iff for the whole of the colonies, and it was contended that as a consequence of that th? food supplies of the people of Queensland would !bc verv vuuui cheaper — that very great benefit? would ac crue from ihe adaption of tnter colonial freetradc under that tariff. He wn* not at all sure but that prorisica seeing thai it made it obligatory on the Federal Parliament to frame the tariff within the first tvro rears. To Iiis mind the matter was one which could well haw been left to the judgment and pood sense of the Federal Parliament itself to say when and how it was most suitable to adopt a federal larifl. Apart from that he should lHce to consider however brieflv what was likely to be tbe actual bened*' which would be gained from the imposition of a federal tariff, in order to see how much there was m tfois cheap food argu ment. According to the figures supplied to the convention by the eminent statisti cian. Mr. (Vighlan. the amount paid in Queensland nn intercolonial product amounted to £S9,O0O -a-year. According to the Vietorian statistician it amoantei to £100,000. so if one took the amount a= £100,000— th*t was midway between the two estimates — he would probably be pretty near the truth. So £100,000 to* the amount wh'ich the Queensland Trea surv 'would loose hv the introduction of intercolonial freelrade. and £100.000 T-ouId bo the amount that would be left in the pockets of the people. Tint vras to say the people would h4ve to pay that much less for their iood supplies imported from the southern colonies. It ms not a ? very large sum. From fhat morning's ]M]»er ther would 'have seen that the pre sent Treasurer of Queensland, with a sur plus of £100.000, cou)i strike out all the iluties tliat he received from inte x*olon'-^! produce and be £50,000 to the good. So if the (representatives of the people of Queensland in Parliament really wanted to give them this cheap focd that many of them bad talked so much about, there Tra= nothing in the circirmsrfl.nc-ca of Queens land to prevent them from doing so wit!i Ottt Jederaiion. (Applause-) But there srouM be other consequences l-?sides inter colonial frcrtrade in accepting the hiiL It K*as proposed bv some eminent men in tne southern colonies that there should be a Customs duty of £5 per ton oa all sogar coming into Australia from outside, anj thai, an excise duty of £2 per ton should be placed on Australian-made sugar. U: course the 'whole thing jvas ver-* proWem;*. iica3, and no person could say u-'ieiher it would be done or not. The very mm \rho trouM have to settle nrhat the tariff iro-jld be bad not been appointed yet. TSiis. Jiow ever, seemed a likelv thing to happen, and if it did happen it would meaa that tlio people of Queensland — to was talking as a basis air. Coghfctn's estimate of the amount of su^ar consumed — would have something ike £60,000 extra a. year to pay for thev sugar as a consequence of federation. -Su. thought they might save £100,000 a-year bv intercolonial freetrade, t&ey; uxmld have to pay £60,000 eitra for their sugar. The spring by intercolonol freetcade would dius mean something like £40,000 a-year. i 9f course £40,000 was £40,008. But it ?ertainly was not a sum that the people of 3ueensUml need get very enthusiastic ' ^ ibout. The share of that *eaving in nhe Central Division would amount to about £€000 a-year. As the people of tile Cen tra] Division provided, abont thirty or forty times ihaX amount in surplus re renue every year for the benefir -f their rriends in Brisbane, and ~ lobody seemed to say verv much lhout it, the saving of £5000 a-ycar ! to the division AM not. *Wm tet lw- s ntatinr over which the people ought to get very excitei (Applanse.) There mis another '; aspect of the matter. As would be un derstood, tiiere would be no intercolonial f... freetrade for tne first two vears after fed. ' ration. tXhere would be no cheap food fc i; Oat period. But there would be mm- -*- Uiing else. The people of QuoenaJanri ' i touH have to pay their eaaro of the -o^'. '. fc \f tie Federal Govecnment. He did no: ' know what 'tint amount would be {&lr; -?'?'-- Curtis : « £100,000 a-vear, verv likelv ' Sir. Stewart: 'More.-) Mr. Philp eiti mrted it at between £70,000 and £S0'O0O but he (Mr. Kslston) thoagoftiat mi« Mutably an under estimate. The reason he said ttat -w»s this : The Federal Trea ~-4 ?mrer would have a continoal snrplus in ^ his hand. Be would never be able^tn aay - co those who applied to him for this thins -r tint thing taat the Tretrarv irai %? zmpty beexnse he w»aia alwara have t abundance of money. ,Why the Treasurer S ?-f Queenslaiid just because the revenu-- S ?.ras coining ,in freely spent £150.000 above- 1 .vhat he expected to spend »t the begin * ning of the year. As long as the Treasurer x had plenty of money to spend there wooM 'i jlnays be plenty of demands for it, and it ??'.'] xras a very strong Treasurer indeed who g could resist those demands when he had ' the money. For that reason he contended ffi ?*at there would be a decided tendency S for the federal expenditure to bulk ?'??* op to Tery large proportions. Ther'- *;* n-as one thing also that had not Nvtt aken into -.~on^idenition bv a nuwher n' ho«e who had estimaled what th-- feAm' ' ?xjieniliture w»# lo V. and ;lial n-as th. Azce in na\a] ami military exftcn^ilir-' inder the Fedfral Government. If for tV ?'? vhole of Australia military expraditun- / ca- only rai*«l to the present level it was ':-'? a Xcir South Wales. It would men an nexoased cost to Queensland alone of somi- ? Ainjr like C3U.O00 a-ve.ir. Furthor. h-- ? aid that the estimate that Ouct-n=!:-nd's ~! ihcre of tiie new feder.il expendi . ure w-u'd ?k Xiaajom *-yeur -«.- a ivrv niMenM ! «tiinate indeed' (Mr. Curti- : 'Hcr.r. ; tear, i It should !w rcnuMiHwred to«i ' ? h.it for the fir.-t tv.d vesrs under the rnn -UtuU.m the -h«ip f.;,Kl nrpninent would '4. unotint to mithin^. ami the people of this '???£ ?obny uould have to iiroindc additional re- S ;entw. for wi'iic-li they would nwiiy. no 'r~ in:im:ial lii-ncfil. of wjiuoihin;; like C100.000 -% i-y«ir. The -ui-po-r-] reduction in the cos. 1 -f living thai was to follow („ Quwnslanrl :i ™' :1»' aix^plan.i. of fiMW.iii.in would l* lepen.i ™i-r(.iy npi.n «-lmt the ffdoral tariff vv.1- ini.l n.ili-idv knnv yet ivliat that. ?»;?fc. !«? Hi,. ,,,r,; „?!,„ ,1T1V, tn ^tt((, j( _,| v-i. mil Imth oven clciled. Tn (Juoensbnn he Lirill at present pvf .i rwum per head '.$ of tne |^,ul:iii-in of about C2 I.V If the 3 ?edj-ral tariff hnjjosed an average return of J iA~r turn.th' people of Quwnsland -.'-S uould 1h. ironically where Ahev wore now. 'J Thr «,-l „/ li,^',.,,,nlJ fej npith-,r „,„,.,, M \n«\m n.ir nuioli lower, only they would '\ have l,,r,r sluri- of tl,n f,J,,ral e.vpVndilure 'i io |u- in ^indition to what tlicv %vcrp pj'v- -~- ing n,iw. i'.ut as anvnm- who had con- ?: ?.iJ.1,,1 tfto niatu-r for :i monioni would sno '? the Moral lariir woiiM depond almost on^ urrly -ip»n ;!/-? frpn- ointatin-. .if Krw '? i Soml, Wales and Victoria. Tiie Korthcni -I .ir.d Ontral divi,i,,ns had -OTiii)lainod for : years back- thai thr Quccn-land tariff had been imposed l,y a majority of the represen- J tativw w-ho belongwl to the Southern Divi- ~, aon, and that it was for the fccneBt of the .ij : Southern people and 10 the lutrni of the ? Northern and Central divisions. If twenty ? seven representatives from the Xortheii and Central divisions in a House of heventy two members sitting in llrisbane could not \- protect the fiscal interests of tlieir con ? stitucnts. how could ton representatives ' from Queensland I* abie to protect the fiscal interests of tbe colony 'in a House oi . seventy members silting in'Sydney ? (Ap / plaosc/lf the federal Lariff was imposed on 7-StK-h conditions that it would nrive an aver f age rite per head of that in S« South ^ Wales at the present moment— namely. about ;CI 3a. — then the Queensland Trea ? EUrer would be face to face with a deficit of something like £750,000 a-year. If the federal tariff was made equal to the Vic torian tariff — namely, about £1 15s. per ? head— the Queensland Treasurer would havi a deficit of something like 1^00,000 a year. He did not wish to deceive the people in this matter at all: If the Queens land Treasurer did not get that £730.000 or £500,000, it would be left in the pockets of the people of Queensland. H should be remembered that if either of thos. emounts were,Jef t in their pockets it would dislocate the finances of -/ucciisland to a very large and serious extent, and would necessitate the Treasurer finding out some way of getting tlie money out of their pockets. As for as be could Fee. there were only three ways in whieh\ the Treasurer would be able to deal with ' such an enor nions deficit. He would either have to impose direct taxation, or lesort to re treut'hment or, as Air. Curtis bad re marked, resort to large sales of public lands. s (Mr. Curtis : - That would be the easiest thing to do.') Those who had read the ? discussions w2u*eh had taken place on this subject in the Queensland Parliament dur ing the last few years knew quite well . that it would be an extremely difficult isiBg to get the present Legislative As : sernbly u- impose any large measure oi direct taxation ; and when he sa.tr the r. men who had been most bitterly opposed i: to the imposition of direct taxation— ' the men who Uad said over and ovei again that it was impossible U ?? -impose direct taxation at present — urging ' ' the people of the colony - to accept this con stitution — which manifestly meant an k enormous increase in direct taxation — tie. ' began to wonder whether they had ''«hanged their minds altogether on the ;-qnest/on of direct taxation, or whethei tther meant to make up the deficit kv sale* t: of land. (Mr. Stewart: 'That is what V-.tiiey will do.')- Ln hisj opinion if Che pre iseat /legislative Assembly -hall to make up f the huge deficit, and the ehoiee lay be £-twean the imposition of a large amount of t -direct taxation aad fite sale of public fcjands. it -womM resort to the .sale of lands, jf There were a great many people, partieu ? iSarly in the Central Division, who, when I Oiey found the land being sold witho.H :. -any hope of remedy, when they found the f development of the country retarded anil g-the corse of absenteeism increasing here. ^«i*ould begin to consider whether Jjhey w«re J not paying too much for their whistle, and '. wtether it would ndt have been better for ^tbem to have considered beforehand w^e ?7 ther they were making a wise bargai-i in ^.'accepting the constitution. 'He had tried t^'to aitavros briefly as he could lion* the ar 'V-gnment of cheap food was likely La nan ; out, and he would just ask 1I1? people to fciewsxe lest that cheap food that they were ^promised did vdt become as illusory as the H%ig !o»f that Sir Thomas iMhvrafth had IVpromised them. (Applause.) It seemei & /to him very much to re^eniWe a bunch of b.«jrots -held before :t donkey** nose to gel I him to go where he wa« wanted. It vris Ridmstted by everyone that the finan°ial a* '?''?pert of federation was very much a lew in r the dark. Xothi-n;; was known far certain. -; One had to speculate about i(. Thero was '? jnst one thing that was knowa for a -it t tainty, and that was that federation ? TBOTtjIi. In oilier ivnrJ* iJ i!ie jjp.-|-1c ; get federation they would have ;.- |«v f--.r ; it (Applause.) ' Thm- was anolhfi \ thing that he should like t.i ivfer 10 i. briefly. One of the jndumnpnis ilia! ha;! '. -been 'held out to them t« a.vept l*r-ii.n , was that it would enlarge their p..n«rs of ? self-government. One of the ways in which * it would enlarge their powers of selfgo j, 4Jneens!and t'5ie last devplopinent thai '.-. there nns of local self-government — ''? namely, the establishment of harbour '( boards. TV acceptance of tin- onsiidi ^ tion would Tiicaii the abolition of harbolv F- Wrds in this cnloay. rt would mftin tic ( abolition of harbour' dues, and he believe' I Mie abolition of n-hnrfage duw. Ther? t' would be no airthurity ,n Australia cap * able of imposing either shipiiins dues «r I BhaHage dues excepting the F-Hlera! Pav liament. He had several extracts t'n-r-; : bearing on the matter, but he had not time '.- -to read them, bnt tbev could take his word S for ft that what he said was a fact \Vhat !:^«ver harbour boards might 'have done that I; they should not have d,«if. or what th.-y F::iud left undone that they should have ^'donc. tlien? n-*^ no doulit tliat the crfSTMv,) f of these boards in Queensland hnd resultci! ^'in r*rv great bcneJit. In llock'i:ini»t-m r ' harbour board for tlie einiicnt ma'age- .-, ment of the river was a necessity. The rommerciaJ prosperily of RorkhampTon de pended upon Hs rim- and to a«#pt the federal -i-nstitutrion thai would result in abolishing its. liarhmir l-oard would W .111 foolisli policy on their part. but. as Mr. Curtis had said, the main contention against the acceptance of the constitution was that it would mean a sacrifice of the *est interests of the C*ntral Division. He *-ouite admitted that in any scheme of fede hation the different colsnics and the dif- ; terent districts of these colonies must be ' brepared to give and take — thai they must lie prepared even 10 saeriHei- i-n:m-:!iin-.? [or the sake ot unity; but he .lid not think it was at all necessary that the Central Division should consent to sacrifice itself nhen that sacrifice would result in no bene fit to the rest of Australia. The (sacrifice lo the Central Division in this matter would not benefit the southern colonies, or [lie rest of Australia one iota. The only part of Australia it would benefit would K the district immediately around liris jane. and for his part as a tcnlr.il Queens lander he decided)}' olyVr- icd to lie sacrificed on tile a'uir of Itrisbauc auv l-!U'rr Ih.tll lit* could possibly help. (Applause.) ji-- thought the wisest action fnr tin- pc ?;:].? if (he Central Division to jim-suf v.jis to follow the example of the gn-.n federal ieader. Mr. Reid. Premier of -.:w S.iu;!i Vales. Last year fvimli Atis-.r.ili.i. Vii Xew South Wales accepted tin- fi-ueral 'in- stitution, but Mr. Reid refused 10 accept it. Mr. Reid took advantage of the fact that the majority in X«v South Wales Jtlt until the other Premiers agreed to amend the bill in the direction that he wanted, and in' the direction that he be !ieved was. necessary in tiie interesLa of Kew South Wales. That was quite a good enough example for the people if the Central Division lo follow. They had been told that rliey should not Tollow Mr. .Reid's example : first, because t was a bad one, and secondly yecause .hey had not the strength of position Mr. Reid had that would enable tliem to win. is to the example being a bad one tl-« teople of Sex South Wales believed now tiat it was a good example. Was not Mr. 'leid received with acclamation wherever w went in X«w Soiftli Wales * Had not few South Wales accepted the colistitu ion with the amendments ttiat Mr. Reid *ot ? As to the allegation that the -n- 7al Division had not a strong position to vet as Mr. Reid did, he (llv. Kidston) replied t was not true. Further than that, he said Jiat their position in the matter was en irely in their own hands. If tue Central Mvision u-ciit solidly against the acceptance H the constitution Oic (constitution would lot be accepted Ifr Queensland. (Ap ilau.se.) He wanted the people to remem ier Uxii — (-liat if on the r-nd of Scptemiier he niiijnrily of the people of Queensland vfii*od to .ictviit the constitution, then Ihe -ntral Division had won its case; it would to louger be at the mercy of the Qoeens and Paiiiainent It would then depend i)K-n the Federal Parliament whether the -pionv eutered the federation as one state orv lint! (Applause.) Ail that the people of his part of the colony asked was that the fisc for Queensland's separation should be uijudirated upon by the Federal Parlia tient. Surely that was a reasonable thing ti ask— that they should liave an impartial Udge. Would anyone consider it fair if a nan sued him for £50. and when he came t- defend the case the man who ras filing proposed that the Judge .hould be put oil the Bench, and hat he himself should be allowed to adjudicate ? Really that was what llris ?-ane wanted. Vhilc the people of Ihe Cen tal Division held that they had a right to *me iiniiartia] tril.unal to deride the qnes tion of the separation of the colony. Three inlonler toid them Ilia! thi-y had letter wait iiilil fwlwation 11.1s .in- iinpiiihnl. and tiie -iucstion f.ir Uicui. 1'. i.-i i:i-ii wr.. likcly to be ai-,-oinplisli.--l. ll was likely xt, W- aV-vci-leil liy ill.- soutli.-m v'l'ni'-s,'lml Hould lSrisbane --nnsciit 10 tho Federal Par liament dealing wiiii ihe i|uc,iic-n .' Not if it could help it: nut unless the |-c-l-li' ot the Central Division for.-ml it. And ihey would forvc it if tiicv refused the bUl on the 2nd of September. He wishiil it to lie reiiK-iiiiicred that, the real issue lx-fore the l'«Irni'ion: t!m 'real fc-11'1; »va^— whether f:iir to iknn. or ivhctiicr ihev prefemJ to i.iako an effon lo get federatM' under fair conditinns-: He anil Uin-t- who were with him asked liu-m to make a fight for fcdeia tinn umlcr fair conditions. (Applause.) In conclusion Mr. Kid^ton cNprcast^l the hope that ;nc li'sult of the vole would be an mvrwheiminc inajoritv against the bill. lAppiause.) MIS. STJv\rAI!TS SPEKX'-II. Mr. Stewart s:ij,] he had much plca-urf in siijjjwrting the motion moved by Mr. Curtis and seconded by -M^r. Kid-toa. tliat it wvis desiralyJc in tiio Itr-i nitorcsts cf Central Queensland 'that ih' Common vivalth Hill should 1ic rejected, lie sup parted ihr motion Vhh-iu^c he %vaa a sii «?!?-? anil ardent fcdcrali--t. lie l*liev--ld it was the ultimate dc*tiay 01' Australia io Ix'comc federated, and thai it «:is a thing which would come about in Ihe ordinary course of events. He was oppised to the adoption of the prc~cijt -*on-^Litiition. be cause he desired to aee^Au^irjlia adopt A constitution worthy of 't'he genius of the people, and worthy of the close of the nineteenth centnry. He beKfved a very much better constitution could he got He believed that in many of its features the present constitution was bad and uif statesmanlike. If it, vere adopted, trirli the 123rd clause, and the ofher clauses re lating to it. the progress and development of Australia would Tie retarded for some thing like a quarter of 3 century. I Mr Curtis : - Hear, hear.'! Would there have been the development 'rn Australia that there had been if .X«-w South Wales had not been sulwlivided - (Voices : ' Xo.') Tliose who Iiavc rejid tlu- Oiistory of Aus tralia knew the tremendous struggle the people of Queensland and Victoria had be fore they* obtained separation— those eole nips had (UTtuallv lo Ix- torn ' from th*? parent colony by tlm mother oountTy. and if tlie creation of new colonies hai resulted in th-» aceeleration of propTes* in iIjp past va-- h not reasonable to suppose rliat the further subdivision oT fhe 1ar;re colonies would, a-si^t in promotin™ *the de A'eiopmnit and pro*jre*»i of The ^nTire con linenl? (Apjilause.) If tlrat were true the reverse must also be true — namely, that anything that placed an obstruction in the way of that subdivision must be detrimental to the progress of the Com monwealth. That 'was why 4ie objected to ?the 123rd clause, illc did 'not object to it lieeause he was a Onrral Quwnsl.inder. It would not matter if 'he lived in Vij foria. or Xrir South Wales, or Western Australia, or Tasmania, 'he should still hold that the prosperity and development of the Common wealth depended in a great lifasnio itii^u the fcubdi\\*i=ion of this and 3t:;cr imI'ihii-s into smaijr-r self-gavernrng ?ol™i.-s. ( V]-]-lstvi-c) ll-- aisn objected r.i ?Trtlii-. t imi wm^r\ 110 -?nuM. ,-inpeaT An istounding ol.j^-ti.in ti 1 il- :.!t-r all thai bad hcen sai.l ,,:,,.,i! U I.,.-:,, ,,:-,. ,,f ,|,.. most, or llii: mis;, ilenioi: ?'.:?? f':!i-ral con stitution on the f-iiT of t!i,. .-srth. Al mitting for \Mr- *a.kr of ^rpnmrnl that it was ihe most ,h-m*rr*tl-: iri:3: .Ilrt O1.1; niMn r Where v.m- tlicr.-' :i di-:mcratic rnstitution wnctlicr fcderjil or «it;ierwise * Was the i-'ins[itiil!nn of ;!,« I'nito : Statos demoi-raCi,. V Was tlie fuu-tilii:ii-3 of the Canadian Dominion JciniKTatic ? Was the constitution -if ihe fl.-nnan con federation democratic ^ Xo: a -in'lc one of «h-Mn was democratic. The onlv'fcderal constiuitfon that in any den-ep apnrwirnPd the di-moeraU,- idea wnsghat of the i=«iss frdpration. ?.- 10 say fliat ihe constitu tion of Australia -wns j'n(. mnzt democratic on the face of the cartl. was simply to S3y tnent ? It (meant government bv tlie ma jority. The Australian constitution did not give government !-y tli? 'majority, an-i for fhat reason it w;is not dpmocratic. H' )l)«er\ed that a luidy had liwu formed which called itself Hie Federal League H-- thought it onght to lw called i!ie Provin cial league, 'because the people who were willing to adopt the constitution were not Australians m the true sense of the word, bnt pure provincialisrs. Of coni^e thev of it. They were like' die inniates'of n lunatic asylum — each thonght the other was mad. and he Wmself snne. (Laugh ter.) He noticed in tie - Record '' lhat day a manifesto published by the loftii Federation l-eague. and signed bv fl!r. Fer guson. They ail knew J!r. Ferguson. He did not 'know that they Had erer heard df Mr. Ferguson being accused of being an giving the people One man, one vote : but he would read a sentence or two from fjir document, and they woold -** Jlr. Fer guson appearing in quite a different gni-° from irhat he had been known locally. Speaking for tie league, he said 'The 'League does not profess to think that 'the Commonwealth Bill as framed is 9 'perfect measure, but maintains r-hat as ?' a constitution, it is one of ,the best,1 a= 'it certainly is the most democratic that -1 has ever been offered to a free people. ' Under.\ this constitution ire have One 'man, one vote.*1 When did Mr. Fergu son erer assist the people of the Centra! IJivision to secure One-man, one vote? What was the reason for the sudden con version of Sir. iFergnson and Mr. Bnzacott, two members of the TJpper House, and a number of other gentlemen 'who were as sociated with this movement? 'So that Lite -will of the people must be *upn»me.' they said. Whence this sudden desire that the' 'will of the jieople should be supreme t Hid they not find Mr. Buzacott whining in his journal after the recent elections that the people of the Central Division hai ' disfranchised their employers — that it was a perfect disgrace to them the way they had elected (Labour representatives, repre- ? sentatives of men. women, and children in stead of representatives of sh£ep and cat tle ! Yet they had tins gentleman prat ing aljcmt the 'will of the people being eo weme. Was he in earnest, or was he trying to hoodwink the people ? Let thes? men he judged not by what they said in this maTiifesto, but by iheir past conduct. (Applause.) Then a correct solution would oe more Ifkely to he arrived at- This manifesto went on. 'Both ihe Senate afii \- the House of Representatives are elected \- on the samp franchise, .-ttid if anv altwu ?fion in the constitution is desired by ?i:if pc,i|i!c it --.in lie casili- rffacfed.' H« li«I iml knew whether tfie lMT-^rn who: 'r;ini(il the msaifr-ln had read the bill or im. If he had. lie must have sf.-n p'ainly hn snv {iriipiw-ji altcmtit»n c.iu'd not K» ?ssily cffff-t'il. Tlie very rcrcric was th.» ;i'f' Then later -»ii 11 c m.irefcsto saM. '-^ur laws n,' c-i]iini-*:i corni'rn will lie nni ' f.irni. while ((rfstiiins sm-h as old Apo^ ' pensions, industrial dispnlcs. alien immi ' grati-Tn. and na'.inn.il defence can b.^ 'dcnli with mure coni:-r('licn'^vely and \- efficiently ilmn is possible by local Par \- lianicnts.' They would mark how easily :iuvy. ^^ntlemen* were converted to the i jbo:ir^ platform when it suited them. How had thov acted in industrial dis iiwtes « Were 'thev in favour of concilia ion and arliitraU'nn at the time of the industrial troubles -even years ago ? Were thev in favour of it »«? 1 Sot a bit of vi. ' Tlipn. had Ihev no' for all These years hwn supporting the Government which had thrust black1 liitiour upon the people of Queensl™d * We had already stated that he had objected to tile constitution because it was not democratic. He had not time to go into the matter as fully as he should like : but he would just point out that under the constitution the mmo ritv of -the p»oplc ciuid hold the majority in 'jhe .hollow of its hand. The Senate was the original' states Vns 10 have six repre sentatives in t'he Senate, fo N-w ?.mth Wales Victoria, an*' t-ncenslanil. with a impulsion of about .I.OflO.OW. wnnU have c^hteAn rcnrespirtativ,^. xriiile South Aus :r7.Iia. Tasmania, and W.-stcra Anslralia. with .1 population of about TlW.OfK). wonH sis., have eighteen. ^M' coarse he taw liiat very few would agree with -him in -:i\\-in*1' that he did n-*'. believe in a second ?li-imlx-r at all. Look at the illogicality ?11 the position 1 They Lalked aixiut fede ration, but federation was merely « name. What wa« done.witb regard to the thirty nine articles -which -none to he 'handed ov*r to the Federal Parliament was simply unity. With r^rard to deienw, for in stance, not one colony -had any more in terest than any other colony. Ea.cn colony abandoned 5ts state right with regard to defence and to everything which \raa to be submitted to the Federal Parliament, and having abandoned these rights, the colonies immediately created the Senate to protect them — to * -protect irhat did not exist — to protect what they had -handed over to the Federal Government, and ?which, so far as the states were concerned, could really have no existence. Then with regard to the qaota. He thought S-t was an extremely bad system, and one which ?would operate moat injuriously towards the outlying portions of Australia. The result of it would be, so far as he could see. that the controlling of political power ?would be in -the frauds of the big cities an the sonbhern colonies. And everyone knew Trhat a pernicious influence the 'big cities 'had had and was still having in Australian polities. In Victoria every thing was subordinate to the interests cf 3fdbourne. Ei*Xew- South Wales Sydney ruled everything. In Queensland 'every mortal thing that could be mentioned -was subordinate to the interests of Brisbane. If the colonies federated under the consti tution Tsith the quota system of each state returning six members to the Senate, and the Senate possessing the powers that the bill conferred on St, the large cities -would completely Tule Australian politics. Th? manifesto which had been issued bv tie local Federal Jjea^ue stated that the con strtution could be easily altered. He -would tell them the steps which would ave 4o be taken before any alteration could be -made. In the first place th* House of Representatives must agree to it then the Senate 'must agree to it : in tfar third place there must be a majoritv o' ihe states, and in the fourth place there must be a majoritv of the entire Common ?wealth. It appeared to Mm that the jren tleroen who* framed the consiitution thought it was the most perfect that could be drawn out, seeing that they had thrown every possible impediment in the way u its alteration. Suppose an alteration -vcen required, and that the people in the two larger colonies of New South Wales an-l Victoria, comprising about 2^00,000, vatec for the alteration, yet unless the four smaller colonies of 'Queensland, Western Australia, Tasmania, and South Australia, ?with about half the 'population, agreed th? alteration could not take place! -He wouM ask those who had read history and knew the difficulties which stood in 'the v^v of any alteration of the constitution, wheilie) it was likely & concensus of opinion, ne cessary for any change of the constitution could be easily obtained. The chances weir a. hundred to one against a general agree ment necessary for any change being come to. The gentleman who had framed thr constitution thought it -was suoh a sacred thing that they had entrenched it behinJ a quadruple rampart. There were four different lines of defence to be got over be fare a- angle one of the provisions could fee touched, tin tils opinion the constitu tion ought to be easily capable of altera tion. The people 'had a right to sav how they would be governed ; but they had m right to lay a dead hand upon the people who were to live twenty, thirtr, forty, fifty, or a (hundred years: uenee. Th? people who 'would live in the days to com? ought to be able to &ay; as easily us the people who were living now how thev should be governed, and the people of the present day had no right to place any ui necessary obstruction in the -way of their masking Ja-w* or altering the constitution to suit themselves. It had been oontendel that under federation -'the black labour question 'would be able to be more easilv settled than at present, iHe (Mr. Stewart) was very doabtfuj of that. He thought the chances were almost even when he saw the sugar growers almost lumuimouslv going -for federation and Air. Philp. the leader of the black labour party in the Northern Division, one of tbe most ardent federalists in the whole colony. The peo ple knew where they were nou\ Thev knew that in a few year* they would rid themselves of lie aliens, 'x. hey knew that a feeling was growing up against permit ting this labour, and that in a* few years the people would take tbe matter into their own hands, and settle it once for a3L If they entered the federation they did. not know what was going to happen. (His opinion was that an understanding had been arrived at between Mr.Diekson and Mr. Philp and the prominent leader-; had for that was ihat in the IS»1 consti tution the coloured labour Question tv;i- placed entirely in the hands of the Federal Parliament. Under the latest constitution the Federal Parliament need not touch it unless it liked, but might leave it en tirely to the local Parliaments. They had been told there war? nothing to 1m- gained Iby delay. The question to his mind was —was the time ripe ? They had heard a great deal about the success ami the mag nificent majority for the bill in New South Wales. ? But !et them examine the figures and they would find that' out of every seventeen electors in that colony only nine took the trouble to vote, and of tho^e who did not vote five voted for the (bill ami four against. Did that seem to he an overwhelming majority t Did vi not seem as if there was a very great deal of in difference on tjlie subject, and also a very great deal of apathy t It seemed to him that ttte time -was not ripe 'after all'; and that if the colonies did federate now, tbe union ivouid not be br Any means so com plete as it ought to be. It appeared to him as if something might be gained i»y delay. It should -oe remembered that if Queensland entered into the federation she could not get out again. She would not be able togetba/&. Once she went in she must remain in. Thai was the greatest reason why, before talking the leap, she should consider what she was abont. People told them they had the best possible constitu tion now and that if they -waited they could not *rpt any better. With regard to that he would point out that the --on*t:- tution that was submitted now was vcrv drafted five years ago. and that if they waited another five years they would get than the one* now submitted. air. Hi? gins. the leader of tfie democratic party iu Victoria, -who had organised a very stout opposition to tbe hi]] in that colonw said very plainly that the reason southern statesmen were rushing the thing through so was because they feared that in a few years a much more democratic constitu tion would be obtained. (Applaud) Hi* (ilr. Stew-art's) opinion ivas that there was every reason for delay. {Let the people stitutiojL Let them- have a con£titutio:i ideas of the people of tbe colonies. In th? Central Division the Waterloo of Separa tion nrould be fought over tins till. He believed (bat if this division di-rlareC against, the bill, Separation would be woii in Queensland. The Southern Divisioi would g-» against the -bill by a large ma jority. The (North would go' for it, and i Jay with the Central Division to aa.v irlii' ther tie bill should be adopted or no' Were the people here going to sacriik-i themselves upon the altar of Bridljane, am bind themselves for all rime to the Sou ihern Division * His advice was to stanc up and fight .against tbe bill and take tli result -whatever it might be. They eouli 3k1 no worse off by fighting against it. an-* ?Ihev -.-ould be a great deal better off. H. lielfeved that they would be a great dea Letter off. He ciuld tell Them that th- eye» of dnnorraey in Australia, vrmri turned on the -people of the Central Divi sion. Tile Central Queenslanders iverc bon-n all over tfie continent as the mo? democratic portion of Australia. The held the key of the democratic position il their hands 'to-day, and he believed that if the people ?? here voU-d unanimously o nearly unanimously, the result would In a very much improved constitution — on; ?which* would develop the resources of An* iralia in a much better degree than th. one that was now before them, one whicV modi better, and one jvhielT would secure to the people of this continent the liber ties thet should be dearer to them than anything else. (Loud applause.) The meeting then terminated. 