HOW SOME BILLIARD HANDICAP SWINDLES ARE WORKED. About this time of the year many billiard saloons have handicaps in which the prizes (composed principally of the entry money of competitors) frequently total up to a sub stantial sura. Although these prizes invari ably take the form of cash, the participants may be amateurs to a man, in which case the winner vindicates his unprofessional status by a promise, often forgotten as soon as made, to expend the money in the purohase of some stipulated arfciole. To a tolerably good cueist, hampered with no particular regard for honesty, and skilled in the art popularly known as 'kidding,' these contests are looked forward to as an almost certain means of pocketing consider able sums, and the writer has every reason to believe that this form of ' sharping' has of late years developed into a business. Should the sharp enter a competition as a stranger, he will not be given the ghost of a ohnnce of effecting his object, while if his true form is known his chances will be little, if any, improved. His modus operandi, there fore, is carried out on a very different tack. A week or two before the handicaps are likely to be framed he frequents a few saloons where he is unknown, and loses to the worst players luck puts in his way, time after time, with surprising perseverance. Many shil lings leave hia pockets in liquidation of 'hun- drods up ;' but well he knows he is giving; himself an excellent chance of realising fifty fold. The probable sequel is that, when the 'weights' appear for the various tourna ments, the sharp finds himself the recipient of points which virtually place a few prizes at his mercy, allowing that he has the good fortune to steer clear of brother rogues. In deed, his chief anxiety will not be annexation of a prize, but the fear that in capturing ib too easily he may invite exposure and dis qualification. The proprietor of a metropolitan billiard saloon can tell a pretty tale of one scheming: customer. A crowd of over 250 persons entered for his last Christmas handicap, and as each paid some 5s. entrance money, there was some £60, plus a £20 note given by the proprietor, available for prizes. Large as tho number of competitors was, however, a player had only to win seven ties consecu tively to lift the handsome sum of £50. A fortnight before the issue of the in dividual handicaps a stranger made the saloon his nightly rendezvous, sparing no pains to illustrate that he was a tyro imbued with the fond ambition to perpetrate a ten break, and absurdly happy when he per formed the feat. S© admirably did he dis semble that he found himself handicapped alongside the greatest duffers at the game. He won hia tirst three ties without occasion ing anything but mild surprise. In the fourth, however, ho caused some excitement by beating the favourite, who imagined he had the greenest tyro to deal with. The fifth man to throw down the gauntlet was flushed with his own prowess and confi dent of blighting the pretensions of the mys terious, awkward playing new man. Despite his moab desperate efforts, however, he could never get in front of his opponent, who kept scoring in a haphazard way, which nothing but the most signal good luck could account for. The ' sharp' survived the other two hurdles without raising anything but admira tion for his surprising pluck and reached the final, which was drawn to be played a week later on. Next morning finding the saloon empty, the ' sharp ' took up a cue and waB execut ing some marvellous cannons with faultless grace when the proprietor came quietly in. He shrewdly suBnected foul play but kept his thoughts to himself. The ' ' sharp's ' op ponent in the final was a promising beginner, also on the limit mark, and this man the saloon keeper determined should beat the other. Hastily confiding in this erentleman ib was arranged that he should train his very hardest during the next six days under the direction of a distinguished professional. At the end of that time bheve followed a game not likely to be forgotten by those who wit nessed it. Conscious, ns ho wa», of the immense ad vantage the handicap had given him, tho sharp allowed his opponent a great deal of rope, and nob until bho last hundred had been entered upon did ho lay himself out to overhaul him. To his surprise and no little anxiety the other answered gamely and kept ahead. In vain did he throw aside his mask and reveal his true form in magnificent cushion work. He failed by half-a-dozen points to draw level with hiB determined op ponent, whoso victory was cheered with a vigor seldom exercised in the billiard room. 