AN UNEXPECTED CALL. (The Boers off ir £5000 anl a wcll-stockei oittte farm Ijr the Head of Cecil Erodes on acbarger.) PAUL KROGER had just finished a large Dutch dinner in the peace and comfort and security of his home at Pretoria, and was nodding amongst the flies, when, to his great amazement, a tall stranger strode into the room and confronted him. Oom Paul sat gaping and staring incredulously at his visitor. , " Mein gootness !" he gasped, " it can t vos. " You know mer- Mj^President!" said the new- °°"It'don'djiepossiple," ni'ftrmuredKruger, sticking a diuner-ioTk into his leg to (be sure he wa? not dreaming, i • • • ". \\. ., .,, « Oh yes said the other, " it Is quite possible. In short, it'is a chilled stetf ;fact. I am Cecil Rhodes ; not a ghost."' . . Kruger broke into, a b^td: feftomc grin, and rubbed his fat ^nds sQfe^JOracious |me, dot vos vot you call a Md CW^TJWk me. •« Not so soft, old ooj", 'ans*§red Rhodes, producing a particularly long and vicious looking revolver, and dangling it in his hand If you cal out or make the smallest movement, I'll shoot you as Kruger's full of punctures face fell, as and an he old glanced tire.' uneasily to the To n votvo S id I owe der Measure of dis visit, Mr. Rhotes?" he said. " You have put £5000 on my head ' " Dot vos so, bud eet vos shust a hddle complimeat " Kruger eved the revolver timidly. Eef you tink your head vos vort more I v.ll make heem e "good" 0 That's much ?better. I am a business man, Kruger.' You know I ^ ^ M T p - t £5000 on my head (thanks awfully ti doubling it) and a Rocked farm. I suppose it is right about the fa. m ? " Kvite drue. my friendt. "Good 1 So being a businessman, I thought it worth my while to take a little trip over to Pretoria per war balloon and collect that money." "Bud—bud, mein tear sir— »?ou offer £10,000 and a catUe ann or my vrant theTcash" andTthe deeds of that farm. Busi- It vos nod " ^ e ' t r S ' v o s mosd irregular U 8 »U;u"i be hanged! You make a contract, I to moneys, aboud me." uud weapon trigger completed the sentence. " ^ Kruger'arose pitifully, and produced a bag of monev from a drawer. Tentho, 1 8 "Bud do^i is a shameful price for such a head as d °«p aul, it k dangerous toinsult the man with th g " lHos not goot to me_a secont-hant head. I giff you seven touBan^ ^ deeds " You'll give me ten thousana a"" „ of that farm. I hav® counted e.ght Paul.^ Five seconds later Kruger na lot •^sssajvst. s r t s u - - " I want heem cut off- mentioned "Sorry I - f ^ f j is business, you know in the contract. Business i head ai 0ne if You should have stipulated lor But^eef 'it is'mein proberdy id musd be lefd here." v ou did riot say for how "I think not,-unde. jllBt said you long you wanted the wantea it. Sorry I ^nnot ob g > u furth3r y ^ I ^ have pressing need of it myWL Knghsh it is yours you can sue to recover courts. I must leave you now, but as you might give the alarm before I can get clear away in my balloon, I am reluctantly compelled to stun you.' Kruger felt something land on his temple, and he was knocked out. When he came to he found himself on his back under the table, with about ten thousand (lies making holiday in his mouth. All the lager beer was drunk and the hour was late. Ten thousand pounds in gold waB gone from a drawer in the room. THE Transvaal war of 1880 cost us 29 officers ™ 0Zded. We entered iuto.the war with^a MR. KOHERT JOIXEY has sent us a number* ..I iicoiitifnl Christmas cards. Austral Surniy cl^mee"^ theTtitle^f oiae aeries,'consisting nrharming views, each with appropriate motto, ?or friends fbroad,' the whole being enc?osed in an embossed cover. • DEFENCE. THE HON, WM. M'CULLOCII, M.L.C. 