IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. I V A N DEXTER. CHAPTER XXIV OO.stikced. Ban- lifted * bslf-finUhed letter from under A sheet of blotting paper, Ii was the letter he had been so engrossed la when •tarlled by Edward's voice. As the latter glanced at it he law that it vbs addressed to his mother, and contained a lull account of the tragic death of her eon. " Another day and yon wonld hare been too late to stop that," Barr aaid, In a bosky voire. " It Would hare UUsd ber. Think God I was in time." 4 1 In one boar I can go home with yon, if you care to wait. If not, yon know wbere the house Is. I hare several letters from borne for yon," Barr aaid. " Ob, I can wait for an hour, I assure you. I have been wall schooled in waiting lately," smiled the young mas. Barr, however, did not pat him to the ordeal of waiting even the hour, for in half that time they were speeding in the Essendon train toward! tha former's home. " Tbey think yon are npaloft," whispered Barr, as they nested the bouse; "I most go first and let them know the troth, or they will perhaps object to mj bringing a ghost home with me." In a few minutes became to the gate with Mrs. Barr at his aide and beekoaed Trenoweth op. lire. Ban's greeting was a oordialone, for she looked upon him as one really risen from the dead. Before he was allowed to shut himself np with hie letten, his host instated upon bis baring Inncb, and, that over, he made hastily for his room and opened his budget of letten. He took them according to the dates on the envelopes, and thus he had a consecutive history of events in St. Columb'a Core. Tbe letters from Inez wen of an affectionate character, but tbe later dated cues were mostly written by bit mother. Tbe last one he had to open wia very voluminous, and be found that it was dated from Bt. Oolumb'e Core, on the 6th of September, 1671, and from his mother. II was as follows;— g w a m a s c I d b m •• My dearest Bon,— f " II is only > seme—a very strict sense - —of my maternal doty to you which impels t me to send yon the information contained l hewn. Knowing me -as yon do, you can m well believe me when I amy tbmt I wonld w rather be in my grave than be thus forced A to inflict the pais which I know this will give yon. o " Not to keep yoo in suspense, 1 may as 8 well tell yon at once that Ines has proved w Wiiaitbfnl to you (oh, that I should lire to a tare to say ft I)" Trenowetb pat down the letter at this! a t juncture sat eared vacantly at the wall in l front of him. d Toe news was so sudden that it fell upon h him like a thunderbolt. t " Inez unfaithful 1" y Be had oerereren reckoned on the possibility of eueb an ending to his lore dream, y t Tbe awakening was a rude one. For twenty minutes be thus sat, and then, Slowly lifting the frts) letter, he began to Rid again. "It is as weU that you ebould know the whole story that it is my pslnlul task to tell to you. I begged Iuti todoso,« itwa» her duty, butahe refund. " In.the beginning of. Jane two sttnngers —tourists—made their appearance at Bt Ootamb'a Core. They wen staying near Xintagal and spending ibe cummer along the Cornish coast. On the 4th of Jane our friend Edwards drove them over here and. bkng visitors of some distinction,he brought them to oor bouee. On learning that tbey wen-bom Australia, { gave the heartiest weloome, for - I- -thought -1 nntght poesiblv far-ofi'lanS^^*WjjNdoredew in that •fines was at home, of course,and we entertained them for the greater part of the day. iTheyjaid they venwbat in A ultralis were caUed -«scatters' and both • Inez andmyseif were so interested In .their descriptions of tbe region r9a ..an now in' tbat we probably prevented tbem, seeing gwiy (Jibe pointed intetert in the neighborhood. .- " Jo remedy this, I asked them to pay an. other visit, and arranged to get. Pengelly to" 1 1 iCt SB guide for tbem. "Iher nadily consented to this, and three days subsequently Charles 6impson and John White-for sncb were the names thsygare—againrisitedetioplhmb. 4 1 1 did not notice tbit father «f them paid rnqre aUenUpatoinet*^ might be expected jttnder the drcumstanoea; and, u their geoeral tnaring was mostaenl ^I^rat^ftliatiiniiie first visit! told Charles Simpson d the intense interest I leiun Austmlfa through my only «iiild being did.thissoihattherecould be Ho pos- . «ble mwMtotandlng - but.at, the dmi "tin Mrsral pfe occasions tbe tourists f S & W k & ^ m l now jecollect, : sf»«»*»»WiromlK,m« lor. tm^r thief (Mfcas ehe sras^in'tbe •^a^.Jeaiet that,U Uatt twite,at. wentto • • ' - •-•t^rf^"'*"* " lhe go^d boul came to rue an h m-i i o accredited messenger of the villnp'i; to lei m- know tbat all was not right—-lncr Jasper was almost daily in lhe company of cue of tbe vieiton who bad lately driven over to Bt. Cotumb. " The jealous villagers had watched lhe meetings, which took place near tbe Black Hock, on the road to Tentasal. It wa". be. yond doubt tbat the pair met as Invcre, ami tbe villagers, knowing tbat 1 uiuet h- ignorant of the action taken by Inn, ri'solted tbat I should know. I can assure yon, Edward, that al first I incredulous, for I could not luini: myself to believe tbat the child 1 bad reared could act so treacbetously. When the old ourse went away I r r.t down aod pondered deeply over the communication 1 bad just received. " The more I thought the more firmly was I couriered that it was my duty, Mb for your sake and for hen, to speak to Ines on the subject. " II was til o'clock when she retumc.l.au i as she passed me to go to her room 1 thought she seemed somewhat agitated. " When she returned I asked ber in tbe kindest way when she bad been. "' 1 jusl went to see Iloiber Penbaven,' she answered. " • Was ebe at home 1* I asked, '"Ob, yes,'replied In«. "Thisanswer confirmed my worst fears, for I well knew tbat Inei bad told me a lie. " I went to ber, snd, taking her hand in mine, said ; "' Do yon nmember, Ints, when Edward bade you bis last good by ? Do you remember promising to be faithful to him and that only death would part youf' " 1 People, when they an young, promise many foolish things which nsrer come to anything,' she answered with a forced laugh. " 1 People, young or old, should not bnak solemn rows without abnndsnt cause,'I said sharply. And have I not abundant oause V she broke out in a torrent ol passion. 1 1 have not beard from Edward for more than a year; and it teems to me I will bare to Wait until 1 am gny baited if I wait for him to rich and marry. But I am not going to ait. I am engaged to Oharlta Bimpeon, nd arrangements are alnady made for onr at Tintagal to-morrow.' The suddenness of this nvelation gave me a shock. I dropped ber bands and was bout to tarn silently away, when I remembered my duty to you. Turning to bar, I aid: 1 " Will you do yonr doty as far u yon an and tell Edward what yon hire done t t will spare me a trial.' B '" No I' she answered, passionately and p ecisively. 'I will tell him nothing,nor T old communication with bim. Be treats y e with neglect and 1 will return it.' y B "leaidnomon, for my heart was too n ull. I went to tny room, and wben I came l down in tha morning 1 tonnd a curt note on he table from loes, telling me tbat ebe had eft Et. Colnmb for erer.aa ebe was to he m arried that day and, with ber husband, s ould immediately take her departure to c ustralia. s "Thus without a kind farewell to myself r the villagers, she fled from our midst. he came amongst from we knew not hence, and she bas gone from us we know ot whither. My dear boy, I' bare now told yon all, nd I pray you may be strong and not allow his moet unfortunate tvent to blight yonr ife. We an all in God's bands, and He oes everything for tbe best. Ton always sve tbe blessiog of jour aftectlonate moher, and 1 pray Cod you will soon forget our lalse loveand find a faithful heart to ake her place. Wben may I expect to see ou f I am veiy lonely now." r a y e g p b a i i a h t E s a v w f n t e Tbe letter concluded here, and in his despair Trenowetb crushed it convulsively in his band. He mnst bare sal in the toom tor nearly thne bonre,wheuhe wai:rousedby someone knocking at:hedoor. •Bjcollectingibat he ma a guest, he tried to calm hie fgitatiou, and at ones opened the door.. He was confronted by .John Ban, who jokingly reminded him that time was flying and suggested that he most hare tpnnd his correspondence interesting. In tbe dim light :he did.aotnotice the pallid face of his guest, but as he atepped into the passage the change in his features was apparent. What! Bad newel I am sorrj lor tbat." Trenowetb look him by lhe aim and led him fnlo the ioomj handing him tbe letter 1 •she did ao. Bare hastily glanced through it, ant' then, taking TrenowetbVliands in ^s airs,' said: ; VI don't want tobe serere «n you,butlet me say that, instead of being thus plunged in ^rief.iyou should: thank^iod «t baring eacaped Iwitig, linked for litetoa woman such as this.. 6he is one not oily iwensible to trne lore but also jto graUtude.: Are you going to wreck yonr life for onesp unworthy of any sscrificef 1 wtli'sayno niotenow, butthinkj to-mgfct jOjtr, what iHerettW. U you do not care to lsavs your room 1 will lend you something." Trenowetb aid iiot care to lean his toom,' and Bare left him to himself to fight out his own salvation. Eren M Jacob wrestled with the angels, so also.^id Sdwutd >£rtf)0 wetn ttraggl^tii totAtot and, «n morning 'dawieil, lie had obtained tberictory. ' ' £ • fortitude«ame,4o {hla ' " tered a row that.be wouU blot the images! tuei Jupn entirely tat of his nind jbr f COAPTEB • .MspHOi*. Alien Trenoweth «pp*and |n the break fssr*odtn ^kiej#hook;hands ^ M ^ • • Too .swill ^rant # answer ..yc^Jim^Mjs'^^^""-'' gf^eitymi^gSlm toMw^rdjstSiiS' " s^itfL, S:. foluiub's Ccve bis mother did not like to leave lb- oi l he n°, he would remain IbiTe alao; but, if sin? vi u!i'.i emigrate, he inlon.ltd C'lininu hack mid taking up his Melbourne or soms ui .'i p> .•( AuMrslii The suonv e m land was beginning clianu biin, in tn-te of tbe trials and disters be had ex triced. TI'l 1 h-m' character of the people and the bouudies* resouref s of tbe land coilced him tbat be would do much bettri the voun^ country than iu old Coruwall. j associations at St. Columb could not but be psinlul to him, and his resolution wrn, fixedto return provided his mother wap nyrreable. The in11 uiomiup, as he was glaneiii[: ortr the daily twpor before breakfast,* tele frrant from LsuncrsUin caught bis eye whioli made his heart beat faster. It was a simple announcement that vain able deposits of tin ore had beeti digcoveitv in the north-west of Tasmauia, not far frrm Emu Bay and in close proximity to Mount Biechofl. A slight description of the locality fol lowed, aud as he read Trenowetb knew tbat it was in the vicinity of the place wheie and bismates had found favnrableindicati* of stanifcruus areas after leaving the Th Hammocks Island. His resolution was instantly taken. "Do you know if there is a host goinp to Ciicular Head, Emu Hay, or any of tbe north-west ports of Tasmania to-day I" be asked of Barr. " I will soon tell you. But what do you want to know for?" replied his boot. "If tbcre is 1 tin 'going there at once. Bead this." Barr took the paper with some surprise and read the telegram carelully. Then he eaid : I tbonght you had bad enough of this prospecting work for a time. The west coast of Tasoiauia is not a pleasant place, though not quite so bad as central Australia, Vou can get plenty of water, at any ate; but the food is scanty, and toe forest nd scrub are awful." " I have been to this locality, as I told ou, and I am sun that a vast deposit of tin xists there. In faot, my intention was to o to the place in a few days and further rospect it; but you see (here is no time to e lost if I want to make anything," Edward nswered. "Besides," he went on, "there s sure to be a rnsh to the place, and there n little (ear of anything bad happening to " Yes, I dare esy you are right," returned arr, who had been closely examining aome apers. "1 find tbe only boat leaving for asmania to-day goes to Iiaunceston; but ou can join a service there which will take ou to Emu Bay, or you can get orerlandto iscboS. Tbe boat sails in two horns from ow, so tbat not a single moment is to be ost. Tbe preparations which Trenowetb had to ake wen few, for Barr told him he would end a cable message to his agent inltauneeton to buy the seceaaary outfit and also ecure a berth in the coastal steamer. BtddingHra.Birra hasty adieu, Edward nd hie friend -went into tbe city, and two osta 'later the former was steaming down he turbid Yarra on his way to Tiaunceaton. arly next morning he was at the Tamar ettlement; but, early as it was, Ban's local gent waa awaiting him. The Utter knew him throogb bit fotmsr isit, and,bsring heard of his reputed death, as a good deal surprised to eee Trenowetb, or he thought Barr—which would bemost nusual wilh him—bad made a mistake in hename.heeent. • • "I was under tbe impression." Fraser T aid, as be cordially greeted Trenowetb, 'that I would never meet you againexcept in tbe kingdom of shades. It seemed almost csriaio that you most have perished in that confounded place." " Will, here I am at any .rate l .and with much more experienoe than when I list saw 1 yon,"aaid Edward. ' "Yes; lbelieve that." The boat to Emn Bay did nol lsave nntil noon, ? Fraser had already engaged a passage on it forTrenowetb, and the necessary articles were obtained and put ion bottd. As Edward was walking Wthe attest in_ a somewhat abstracted frame of mind, be' waa surprued to hear a Iweet roloa—at leaet it seemed aweettobim—call: " Mr.Trenoweth." Turning, befoood himself confronted by UiwByan;of CapeBarrenlsland. • « Bhe looked even -inore surprised than hi did, at ahe said t . «(1 was almost doubtful that it catfld be' you. imt j was determined'to make certain. I .have teen avatching yonfor Brie' minutes. You .know, Mr. iTrenoweth, we heard such—such yery bad news.' l*m most dslighted Lo tneet yon, Hies £yan.: How are TOUT father and votbei' and #11 On .tbe island t" rolu^ly enquired :3Jdward,as his face Ugbted np with »eal«n4 ^nfrignwl pleasure. »rTheyare ^liwdl.-the girl answered ; Iratjwe heard snob had lidin«s j)f yourself and party. :Of course, we took a great i^teA t^tlnyourexpe)li(ion. and ,|Fe sratdiedi^e papere,fM,inIormaHon,.knawingjrberejoo intenleiiioing. ?noii;ths_sigo,w/'rejid^ dre^tul.acconntof what Jiadbappjsijed TP"; but l am sio«liLd Uifind that itfv«s d take,";• ; "'V- '1 ' ^ e; •tmt, I am'actay lo iell'jpu/that'I jmustb^liereOf,good Wa>^g|nd|he pggtttiS Wh^UissfiyutiUI': » : "Are JOT going toirtop hoe fotlopg.itrl; ,'Trenowethf'' _, •;* *. " 1 iliflin iuitiMt f ^ e 