HOW ATHOLE-DAISY WAS SCRATCHED FOR THE DERBY. BY MRS. L. T. MEADE AND CLIFFORD IIALIFAX, M.D. (in Lloyd's). THE end of April, 1894, was spe- chilly trying. Bitter east winds were blowing, and although the sun shone brightly, the north-easter, as is usually the case, claimed its vic- tims, and I was busy all day and most of the night attending to my numerous patients. Amongst others who fell a victim to the inclement season was a pretty, dark-eyed girl of the name of Annie Gaythorne. She was a telegraph clerk in the post-office in Castle-street. Annie was by birth a country girl, her native village being in Shropshire. She was a good business woman, and, I could see, a prime favorite in the office. Her manners were gentle, intelligent, and thoroughly polite to everyone. She liked her work, and was not the sort of girl ever to grumble or complain. Being remarkably pretty, and in every way above the average, it goes without saying that Annie had many ad- mirers, but she put a stop to their attentions by stating calmly that she was engaged to a young fellow of her native village of the name of Harry Latham, stud groom to Sir Penn Sinclair, the great man in the place. Now Sir Penn was an old friend of mine. He and I had been at Cambridge together, and before I took up medicine as a profession we had gone abroad for a year. We had spent a winter in the Rockies, and during that time had cemented a life-long friendship. True, our tastes and ways of life were as wide apart as the poles ; for I was a poor man, devoted to my profession. I lived amongst the poor, and every thought and feeling of my life was given up to them, while Sir Penn was rich, having large estates and plenty of money. He was a great horse fancier, and more than one colt which had first seen the light in his stables had won some of the principal races in the country. It was about a month before Annie Gaythorne's illness that I received a line from my old friend to say that his bay horse, Athole Daisy, was entered to run for the Derby. In the same letter he said that he meant soon to pay me a visit. In the course of that day I went to see Annie, who was getting slowly better, but still looked very delicate. I questioned her about her home, and in particular inquired for Latham. " You ought to marry him and go back to the country," I said ; " this town air does not suit you."' " I wish I could, sir," sho said. " We have loved each other since we were boy and girl, but there is little chance of our marrying for some time. Harry has an invalid mother to look after, and we have both resolved to wait until we can have a really comfortable home. He is saving his money, and some day we shall have our home, but not yet." " I heard from Sir Penn Sinclair only this morning," I said. "He has a horse- Athole-Daisy-in for the Derby." " Oh. I know," answered Annie, " and Harry, when he sees me, can talk of nothing else. He is terribly excited, and believes that the horse will win." " If he is a wise man he won't put money on horses," was my answer. " I hope he won't sir, with all my heart. I hate a man throwing his money on bets or anything of that sort." Derby Day fell on the 7th of May this year, and on the afternoon of the 1st, when I returned home, I was met by the information that Sir Penn was waiting to see me in my little sitting-room. I hurried at once to greet him. He was a good-looking fellow with iron-grey hair, and a keen, de termined sort of face. " How are you, Wallace ?" he said. " Right glad to see you, old chap. Here am I bothering you, as usual." " You never bother me," was the reply. "Sit down, won't you? Don't you remember that you told me I might expect a visit soon ?" " Aye, I did, I did ; and there's the rub," he said. He passed his hand across his forehead as he spoke. " The fact is, I am in a bit of a puzzle, and I want you to help me, Wallace." "With pleasure," was my reply. "What can I do ?" " Bear with my company for the next few hours, will you ?" " Need you ask ? Is that all ?" "Quite enough for a busy man, isn't it ? I mean to stay here, and I want you to stay with me, just to give color to the thing, you under- stand." " Easily managed," I replied ; "I have a partner now, you know, and can ask him to see what patients require attending to to-night. Pardon me if I leave the room for a few moments." I did so, returning almost imme- diately. Sir Penn had drawn up his chair to the fire, for the east wind I had spoken of was rendering the atmosphere the reverse of warm. I took a chair opposite to him and bent forward. "Well," I said, "what about Athole-Daisy?" " The horse is safe to win, Wal- lace. I wish yon could see him gallop ; there is no second opinion with regard to Athole-Daisy. He is the best horse I have ever reared, bar none." " Well, I hope he will win for your sake," I answered, " although you know my opinion with regard to races generally." " Oh, come, Wallace, we need not enter into that ; but now listen, I have something to say." I bent forward without replying. " You would not suppose, to look at me, that I had inflicted myself on you because of Athole-Daisy ?" " I fail to understand," I replied. " I thought so, I thought so," he chuckled to himself ; then he drew his chair a little nearer. " Where is your nearest post office?" he inquired. I stared at him. " I want to send off a telegram presently, that's all." , He nodded his head, and laughed aloud. "The very nearest post-office," I answered, "is in Castle-street. If you will write the telegram I will get my servant to take it." " Oh, nothing of the kind. A messenger will come presently to fetch the telegram. I have arranged all that. In Castle-street, you say it is?" " Yes." " Do you happen to know the tele- graph clerks?" " There are only two clerks in the office." "Ah," said Sir Penn, "and the name of one is Annie Gaythorne, is it not?" "To be sure," I answered, my brow clearing. "Poor little Annie, she is quite a friend of mine ; she has been very ill lately, but is back at work again. By the way, Sir Penn, she hails from your native village." "Just so, and is a remarkably pretty girl," said Sir Penn. " She is engaged to your stud groom, Harry Latham." " Come, that is capital, Wallace ; you know all about her." " But you don't mean to say you have come to town to see me in order to give Miss Gaythorne the pleasure of sending off a telegram for you ?" " That is just it, Wallace. I have come to town for that purpose, and no other. Do you think me quite off my head?" " Verging in that direction," I an- swered, smiling. "Now, listen, will you? I take an interest in my servants, and Latham in particular. The lad is the son of my mother's old house- keeper, and I have always thought well of him. He is engaged to Annie Gaythorne, as respectable a girl as you could find in a day's walk. Up to the present I have always considered Latham an honest, steady, sober sort of chap-I have never had the smallest fault to find with him. Well, a curious thing has happened lately. From different circumstances which have reached my ears I am inclined to believe that someone is reading my letters and telegrams-in short, meddling in my affairs. I am certain of my bailiff's innocence, and Latham has had plenty of opportunity to open telegrams and suppress letters. Sus- picion therefore points to him. Now if he were an ordinary servant I would simply give him his dismissal and end everything ; but as things are I do not wish to do anything rashly, and I have made up my mind to test him thoroughly before taking a further step." " I am certain of his innocence," I said. " What can you know about it ?" " Only this. Miss Gaythorne would not engage herself to a man who was guilty of anything mean of that sort." " How can you tell ? The very best girls have been taken in by the fellows they are in love with before now, and Harry is a handsome chap." I was silent. " Someone is doing me a mischief," contiued the baronet, moving rest- lessly; "giving away news with regard to the running horse, and doubtless making a lot of money by tho information. My market is being injured, and I won't have it. I am determined to find out if Latham is guily or not-in short, I have laid a little plot for the pur- pose. Now, do yon understand ?" " I do not," I answered. "Well, listen. I have desired Latham to call here. When he comes I shall give him a telegram, which he is to send off to the trainer -Hutchinson - immediately. He will receive the telegram in a closed envelope. It will be his business to take it to the nearest post-office, give it to the telegraph cleric, and see that he or she sends it off. Now, do you understand ?" "Not quite. Are you layin trap for him ?" " If he is dishonest he will read the telegram, that's all. Ah ! I believe that is his ring. Just give him a good look over when he comes in, Wallace." In answer to the ring at the front door old Martha's shuffling steps were heard in the hall. A moment later she poked in her head and said that Sir Penn's groom had called and wished to see him. " Send him in," said the baronet. The next instant Harry Latham made his appearnce. He was a well set-up, cheery-looking chap, with a high color in his cheeks. His frame was well knit, and he looked every inch the athletic young Englishman. His face was sunshiny, and as he stood before his master his eyes seemed to shine with suppressed happiness. " Have you done that business in Regent-street, Latham?" said the baronet. "Yes, sir," was the man's reply,' " and the new saddles will be down on Monday." " That's good. What is the latest news of the horse ?" " Excellent, sir." " H'm. You saw Hutchinson ?" " I did, sir, and Athole-Daisy, too. The horse is in the primest con- dition. I never seed a horse like him afore. He'll win as sure as-" "I hope so. What about Christmas Box?" " A good horse, sir, but not in the running with Athole-Daisy." Sir Penn sat silent. He was thinking hard. "Latham," he said then, "you must send a telegram to my trainer immediately. " Very well, sir." " Be sure you take it to the nearest telegraph office." " There is one in Castle-street," I said. Latham glanced at me, and his eyes sparkled like jewels. " Yes, sir," he said then. " Can you give me a form, Wal- lace?" said Sir Penn, turning to me. I supplied him with one, he scrib- bled a few words, read over what he had written twice, and then handed the telegraph form to me. To my amazement I read the following words : Scratch Athole-Daisy and do all possible to get Christmas Box ready in time. I almost gave vent to my astonish- ment aloud, but Sir Penn gave me a warning glance, I observed that Latham was staring at him with a puzzled expression on his brow. "An envelope, please, Wallace. There, Latham, ask the telegraph clerk to despatch that at once." " Very well, sir." Latham left the room. " My .dear Sir Penn, have you lost your senses ?" I cried. " Never had keener sense than I have at present," was his reply. He burst into a jolly laugh. "Ah," he said. " That will do the business. You never can be up to 'em, Wallace. Anything to do with horseflesh seems to take the morals out of the best of them." " And you really mean to scratch the horse?" " I'm not going to say anything. The less yon know the better. Now I have accomplished that part of my business let us go out and have a good dinner together." During the evening that followed Sir Penn was in the highest spirits and never once alluded to Athole Daisy or his stud groom, Harry Latham. His visit was paid to me on the 1st, and on the following Monday evening I received an urgent mes- sage to go and seo Annie Gaythorne at once. She lived in very neat apartments in Castle-street. She had a little sitting-room to herself, and also a bedroom, and nothing could be more comfortable than the way Mrs. Pen- rose, her neat, smiling landlady served her. I had scarcely got into the hall now before I was met by Mrs. Penrose herself. " Do you mind coming into my room for a moment, sir? I want to say something to you about Miss Gaythorne." "Why, what is up?" I asked. "I thought she was quite well ? Is she ill again?" " I don't know that she's ill in body, sir, but she's in an awful state of mind, and I date it all from last Thursday." " Last Thursday !" I cried. "Why, ¿hat was the day-" I broke off abruptly, for I suddenly remembered that it was on Thursday Sir Penn had come to see me. " Yes, sir," continued Mrs. Pen- rose, looking me full in the face, and speaking with great solemnity ; "the change came to pass on Thursday night. She came in, looking very bad, poor girl. There were black shadows under her eyes, and she seemed in no end of anxiety. She came into the room and sat down, but scarce a word would pass her lips. You know, sir, what a bright, merry, cheerful sort of girl she is — there's not one of us in the house that don't love her, and there ain't nothing we wouldn't do for her. Well, she was bad on Thursday night, and she looked ill enough on Friday and Saturday and Sunday, but it was nothing to what took place to-night. Not an hour ago, sir, she tottered in looking like a ghost, and just come as far as my door and fell dow in a faint. Then she had a bit of an hysterical fit, which ain't like her, so I just took her upstairs, and she's lying on the sofa in her little sitting-room. I have lit a fire for company, for I thought may be her bronchitis was coming back, and then I sent Sam round for yon. You'll go up and try and find ont what's wrong, doctor, won't you ?" " To be sure I will," I answered, " and I am very glad you sent for me." " I wish I knew what ailed her sir. I have the greatest respect for Miss Gaythorne, and also for that nice fellow, Harry Latham." " Has Latham been here lately ?" I asked. " He comes now and then, sir. I hope to goodness nothing is wrong with either of them. I said something to her about that when she got over her attack just now, and she looked so wild, and said, ' Mrs. Penrose, I had hoped you would be present at my wedding, but I don't think we'll ever be mar- ried now. I have given up all hope,' and then she flung her arms round my neck and burst into tears." "Dear heart," I said, "you don't suppose he is getting tired of you." " Uh, no, no," she said, drawing herself away, and looking almost angry; "it's not that-it never can be that, but we are not likely ever to be married ; and, oh ! Mrs. Pen- rose," she added, " I could save him -I-oh, Mrs. Penrose, I am so dreadfully tempted." After that I thought yon had best see her, doctor." " I will go up to her now," I said, I ran upstairs and knocked at the door of Annie's little sitting-room, I heard her steps as she crossed the room ; the next moment she had opened the door and stood before me. "Why, Miss Gaythorne," I said, " how ill you look ! What is the matter?" "Oh, Dr. Wallace, I'm not ill at all. I didn't now Mrs. Penrose had sent for you; you really can do nothing for me." " Nothing ! You look like that, with a face the color of death itself. Come, I believe you want me after all; you do look bad, my poor girl." "She certainly did-I should scarcely have known her. Ten years seemed to have gone over head, her young face looked quite dragged and lined. When she noticed my compassionate glance the color re- turned to her cheeks and tears filled her eyes. The next moment she had pressed her hands to her face and sobbed out, "Oh ! I cannot bear it." I did not speak, and she quickly got over her emotion. " I am really quite well," she said then. "If your body is well, your mind is not. There is something bother- ing you." "Yes-oh! Yes-there is-there is." " Yon think I cannot minister to a mind diseased." " I am afraid yon cannot, sir." I was silent for a moment, and then I said gravely — " Mrs. Penrose has been talking to me about yon ; she is very fond of you." " And I love her, too," said the girl. " Being fond of you, she is ter- ribly sorry for you ; she says you've got something on your mind, and that it dates from last Thursday evening." " She is right there, sir." "Can you not bring yourself to confide in me ?" "Oh, I wish I could," she an- swered earnestly. " I have had confidences of all sorts before now ; most doctors have. They are sort of father con- fessors, yon understand. What yon say to me is as safe as if you had never whispered it except to your- self." " Oh, I wish I could tell yon," she said. "Do you think it would be wrong?" "Certainly not. Let me help you. Your trouble has something to do with Latham ?" " It has, it has," she said. "And with the horse, Athole Daisy, which is to run for the Derby ?" Annie's face grew whiter and whiter. " Oh, doctor, how could you guess ?" " Very easily. Remember, Sir Penn Sinclair is an old friend of mine. I know all about the horse. Sir Penn was at my house on Thurs- day night." "Indeed, sir." " He sent a telegram from there to your office. He is quite confident himself that the horse will win." " But he cannot be," said the poor girl. She stood up now and her face looked quite wild. " He cannot pos- sibly expect Athole-Daisy to win. Oh ! I dare add no more." "Now," I continued, "yon had much better make a clean breast of the whole thing. I know that a girl in your position must not tell secrets which she learns in her work, but the matter shall never pass my lips. Now, then, ont with it." "Oh, it's Harry," said the girl ; " the horse cannot win-because it is scratched, and Harry, sir, will be put in prison. Yes, if the horse loses he will be put in prison, and I could save him, but I dare not," (To be concluded,) 