MR. AND MRS. HANNIBAL A. WILLIAMS. Included In the passenger list of tho R.M.S. Alameda, which arrived ot Sydney from America at the end of last week, were Mr! and Mrs. Hanni bal A. Williams, two literary entertainers and elocutionists of considerable experience and re- nown In tho United States of America. They pur pose giving entertainments in tho chief cities of Australia, aud also in largo centres throughout tho world. Probably Mr. and Mrs. Williams will begin their Australian season In Sydney. Tho entertainments which Mr. and Mrs. Wil liams will give are, Mr. AVilllams says, of a liter ary description rather than of a dramatic cha racter, although tlio proper amount of tills essen tial element of elocution is not. omitted. Sbaltes- pcaro's plays and comedies comprise tho pro grammes, but not those pieces which aro generally | presented on tho stage. Air. and Mrs. Williams select, rather, such plays as "The Taming of tho Shrew" (not, Mr. Williams cautioned a "Daily Telegraph" representative yesterday "The Turn ing of a Screw," as an American reporter onco called it"). "The Winter's Tale," "Tho Tempest," "King Henry IV.," "Julius Caesar," "Olhello," otc. Mr. and Mrs. AVilllams do not appear together. They tako different evenings, and each presents tile essential features ot an entire play. The per formance lasts about two hours. An effort, Mr. Williams says, Is made to bring into strong relief tho great literary beauties ot Shakespeare's crea tions, and to invest them with all the charm' that proper elocutionary art is capable of: "AVo always try," Mrs. AA'Uiiams explained, "to make Shakespeare moro interesting. Somo of his pieces are given with musical settings. It seems to mo, speaking ot Shakespeare's writings as literary productions, that you very frequently And many of the minor characters iu a pieco having to utter beautiful and profound thoughts, which are expressed in lofty and charming language. AVell, In a dramatic product ion, where much care has to he given to spectacular effect and to keep ing the hero and heroine prominent — for, you know, many peoplo seom to require a hero and heroine, oven In Shakespearean productions — much of tho literary charms which surround the parts ot tho minor characters aro largely omitted, or, if given, they pass unnoticed. We try, if I may say so, to present everything of beauty that occurs in tlio pieco." "A'ou see," Mr. AA'illiams added, "where it is possible to miss the precise dialogue, as, for in stance, the first scene In 'The Tempest,' we recite tho incidents, so that tho interest is not lest, nor tho continuity destroyed. So that in this way we strive at, as it Avoro, lifting up tho most beautiful parts of tho text, and making people see their literary charm, aud perhaps, as a consequence, leading to a little higher appreciation of Shakes peare." Mr. AViliiams was for many years Professor of Oratory at tho Albany Academy, New York, and Mrs. AVilllams, before she was married five years ago, occupied a similar chair at the Adelphi Col lege, Brooklyn, which it now part of Greater New York. AVliilst In that chair Mr. AVilllams took the Initiative In starting tho "National Association of tlio Elocutionists of tile United States of Ame rica and Canada," which has since developed Into a powerful and highly useful organisation. Chiefly : through its exertions, combined with tho Influence tpt tlio professors, oratory is now taught, Air. AVil llams afllrms, In practically every college in tho Union. lit fact, listening to Mr. Williams' graphic ac count of the Importance attached to oratory in tlio United States, and tho liberal way the chairs aro endowed, either by the State or by private peoplo, one is made to think of the accounts which history gives of tho animated oratorical contests of ancient Greece and Rome. Curiously enough, Mr. Georgo B. AVilllams and Miss Alinnie AVilllams, brother and sister of our present visitor, aro now giving entertainments similar to the kind he gives in Great Britain, with most encouraging success. Tho death'ls announced this morning of an old resident of the city, Airs. AI. Jonos, who for over CO years iias been a warm supporter of religious and charitable operations in the city and suburbs, especially those In connection with the AVesleyan .communion, of which ono of hor sons is a minis ter in the Balinain AVest circuit. Other members of the furnily are in business amongst us, and, the only surviving daughter is tho wife of the super intendent of tho Deaf and Dumb Institution, Newtown-road. Ills homo has been for somo years tho residence of the deceased lady, and thence tile funeral Is to leave for Rooltwood this afternoon. At last night's meeting of tho committee of tho North Shore Cottage Hospital, It was decided, on tho motion of Dr. Nowmarch, that a letLer of condolence be sent to Mr. John Harding, a mem ber of tlio committee, who is at present an inmate of the Sydney Hospital, suffering from tho effects of a vehicular accident at Circular Quay. Air. Charles Holloway, who has been confined to his room for some weeks owing to a sovoro cold and its subsequent effects, is now progress ing very satisfactorily towards recovery. Ho hopes to be able to return to the Lyceum Theatro in about a week's time. , Air. Harry Rickards, accompanied by Mrs. Rich ards and tho Misses Rickards (Iwo), will leave Sydney for "America and England In tho R.AI.S. Alameda on August 2. Mr.- Rickards' mission, which .is for tho purpose ot engaging new artists for Ills Australian theatres, will tako him to tho chief centres ot Europo, us well as America and Great Britain. Rear-Admiral Cyprian Bridge, who preceded Rcnr-Admlral Pearson as Commander of tho Aus tralian Squadron, In tho course of a letter con gratulating Sir Samuel AVay upon the distinction corfcrred on him by tho Queen, casually men tioned (tho South Australian "Register" says) that he also appeared in tho list of birthday honors, as ho was made a K.C.B. At tho luncheon given by tho Allnistry on Alouday in honor of Rear- Admiral Pearson, that gallant olllccr expressed his gratification that his predecessor had been thus honored by her Majesty. Miss Ada Ferrar, tlio- well-known actress, loft Melbourne for London on Tuesday In tho R.AI.S. Oruba. Air. and Mrs. J. B. AValson were passen gers by the same steamer. Air. AVatson canto to Australin to produce "Tlio Gay Parlsloune" and "Tho French Alald" lor Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove, and has remained hero ever since. The "Argus" says it Is not linprobablo that ho will return to Australia with some new pieces for the samo firm at an early date. , Air. Andrew King writes to tho Melbourne "Ai'gus": — "In your 'Personal' column you refer to tho death of a lady, and state, 'Tho deeeosod was possibly tlio oiliest native of New South Wales, having been horn in Sydney In 1807." For the benefit of those interested iu Australian lon gevity, allow me to stato that a lady (a relative of mine) Is now living at Aslillold, and wus born near Parramatta in January, 1803." Last Monday's "Warsaw Courier" (says a Paris telegram of June S in tho London "Dally Alail") announces that PadcrewskI was married on Alay 31 with tho utmost secrecy, to Miss Helen Rosen, at'the Church ot tlio Holy Ghost in AA'arsaw. Tho newly- married couple are now In Paderewslct's villa near Lausanne, where they intend to spend the liouoymoon. At tho mooting of the Stonoliongo Lodge, United Ancient Order of Druids, tho following officers were installed:— Bro Bingham, A.D.; Bro. llcilly V.A.D.; Bro. .1. AVUltumu, secretary; Bro. J E Shelling, trcas.; Bro. llleler, guard; Bros. Solomons and Mulligan, sick visitors; Bros. Al'Elveuoy and AVearn as V.A. Bards; and Bro. W. AVilllams, A. sec. Tho attendance ot the public at tho undermen tioned Technological Museums for the month of Juno In tlio uftornoons only, was us follows:— Sydney. 8705; Newcastle, -1053: Ihithurst, 2018; Goulburn, 1810; AVest Maitland, 1701; Albury, 604. Messrs. Grace Brothers, the well-known drapers at Broadway, Glebo, announce in our business columns to-day. that they will commence a 12 days' sale to-morrow, and advise tho fair bargain- ueeliw to got a. solo book- 