rev. mr. y at maws missiow. The Rev. Mr. Yatman, from New York, who Is delivering a course of religious addresses at the Melbourne Athenicmn, under the aus pices of the Young Men's Christian -Associa tion, yesterday afternoon gave an om'+lnn "tn business men," though the audience was largely composed of ladles. In the opening service, -the reverend gentleman asked the audience to pray for a dying man, and for another who was about to undergo an -operation for cancer. He also called upon as many persons present who felt the need of Divine help to stand up, and several members of the audience nose from their seats. Then the preacher offered .up p prayer for those who stood in need of sneciil help. Proceeding with his address, Mr. Yat man said that what was wanted In preaching In these days was something potent, drastic and penetrating: something that would go as deep as sin had gone, so as to produce a moral earthquake and change the. lives of the people. "I am going on that tack till I die." Before the close of the ser vice a collection was made, the speaker di recting -the collector to "begin up -here," and lie placed 'his own offering on tbe green baize of itbe wooden plate. The subject of tbe afternoon's address was seiecsteu rrom St. Pauls Epistle to the Ro mans. Alluding -to the forcible expressions used by iPanl, 'the lecturer said, "the con verts of that day wanted to be straightened up and straightened out, just as the people of this generation did." Alluding ito the ten dency at all times for tfhe rise of persons of eccentric ways to ctfnie forward as religious teachers. Mr. Yatmau said that whenever there was a religious revival, they would always find a lot of religious cranks coming into the arena as teachers. There were at the present tlmemoreTellglous cranks to the square mile than he could count. There were the religious scientists, who preached neither science nor religion. Then there were the men who began to raise doubts, first about one doctrine and then an other, until they- brought dow.n the whole fabric of Christian religion as we know It. At first these departures were tolerated, but at -last they became 'too glaring and a sever ance was made. Then they started new churches of their own. and got audiences, of tbelr owd. This was always the way. It was easy to get an audience; It was easy to catch a crowd. He would undertake 'to get three monkeys whose antics and capers would fill any large hall to overflowing. But the charm of change and novelty did not last long. People knew the difference between sawdust and soap. The speaker then in stanced the career of one such backslider he had In his mind's eye. He fell off step by step from the creed he was trusted to preach. Then lie set up a church of 'bis own. That failed. He then edited a journal that out- Heroded Tom Paine and Ingersolj, and at last he got nominated for the post of State Attorney for New York, but his career had been so tortuous that neither the -infidels nor the Christians of New York would give — s a,, ma juiig ami elo quent address, the speaker spoke with super lative admiration of the Epistle to the Ro mans.. Its breadth, and depth and altitude appeared to him immeasurable, and in one of his periods of praise, lie said "I wish you would give me five hours straight away" to traverse the aisles of its sublimity. In the evening, Mr. Ya tman, seemingly nn- futigued, delivered another address; this time on the Unpardonable Sin. His whole tone and manner were changed, and'he spoke like an entirely different man. There was an almost complete absence of mannerism and abstension front the florid epithets which had characterised the earlier services His discourse was . singularly effective. «n<l en chained a crowded audience for nearly an hour. Mr. Yatman defined the "unpardon able sin to lie that blasphemy against the Holy Ghost consisting of a deliberate rejec tion of the monitions of the Holy Spirit that mime to all human beings at some time nnd In some place during t.lielr earthly career He Implored his auditors not to reject the voice of the Holy Spirit when tliey heard its over tures, anil the speech had such an effect that at the close of tbe address nine persons stood up. one after the other, anil at the Invitation of the lecturer, Indicated submission by say ing "Pray for me." 