A Visit to "Lamingtoq A contemporary publishes an iniersa account of a visit which one of its -iaj jui recently to Mr George Marner's reiki "Lamington," Victoria-roa/1 (Vic.) USEE rival the visitor was received byMr fa himself, who had many noteworthy tliEi say concerning himself and daughter, wia the energetic pressman soon turnedintotag "I .thought I wouid lose my daughter, U Alice," said Mr Uaraer to the repjrte.'i too* overgrowing her strength. Medical S3 could do nothing for her." HereUissfe entered and quickly told how Dr Mils Pink Pills had saved her from death c disaster. "I commenced, some two years ago,Inte very ill after returning home from sau said she,"I did not feel sufficiently nai£: take to my bed, but experienced a corcff languid feeling that made me most misessi Father took me to see a doctor. : I was overgrowing my strength, and I > not to exert myself. As I had no iaciiua to do so, there was no fear of my disraS this order, and I took the "'quinine t given me, with regularity. Then f menced to feel acute pains in my shodf and back, and at night I could scarce!; I any rest" "We tried everything sleep," interposed Mr ilarner,"' bat it etfect; then I consulted a well-know Street practitioner. He said my daujoEf suffering principally from weakne advised a change. Her mother toot hers<? for a trip to Queensland, but she rs looking worse. She would also ret" 1 1 rising in the morning; any food taten o® not be kept down. Sbe lost fleshauibetsz a mere ghost" "This time last year." said Sliss Alis weighed 7st 31bs., now I am 9st. Tlbs ṛ ."A [great improvement; your tB»t«S mast have been bene&cial.;'" "No; all the melieinc 1 jot dil m'.H little good. Actually. Ur William;' Pills for Pale People deserve that ° Just before the Jubilee boli.iays. fatherb: me a box of Dr Williams' I'int Pilk Pleasance's, Chapel Street, frahran; me so much good that 1 continued ffitiit It is a long time since I discotitinual I themj and 1 am now as healthy as "Could wish." "And Jou would recommend them • "Yes; and that strongly too." s Marner," bad I known of Dr Pills two years before, it would i» re me a hundred pounds." ( ^ The tonic properties of Dr William.-' f® Pais build np the constitution,streak : system, enrich the blood, and inp»® brain; They are a certain cure to tion, ailments arising from the heat, p®P skin diseases, liver and kidney W / bQionsaess^naimia, sleeplessness, rnet» lumbago, loss of physical strength, all female insularities, debility, . ache, loss of vital forces, from all chemists and dealers, or fa® Williams' Medicine Company, <J0 Tompsitt & Co., Flinders Street Mel who will forward six boxes for l^ one box for 2s. 9dn post free. j ^ Beware of poiamoas imitations » • greatly lower prices than the gjw^J Insist npon seeing the/uK iwmf. Ur » Pint Wis forPale People, on each chased. Imitations are dangerous. . Upgn h^ Hundreds of sparrows have . dead in ihe parks about Balla»t®» Saturf 1 ?' cold rainy weather set Wednesday afternoon, scores of these "birdffirare counted in and arotmd tw green at the Eastern Oral 