CHEATED. iv A. FIGHT FOR LIFE. (By Gilbert Lloyd, in- ‘-‘Answers.”) * (Concluded from last-week.) II. That night Sir Geoffrey was restless and anxious. • , He heard , the clock in the turret above the stable ring out the hour of one sharply. Then he fell asleep to troubled dreams. Sir Charles Stanton was the.only wake ful person" in the house. Although he in variably prescribed sleep to his patients, he was a consistent sinner against the laws of Nature in this respect, and seldom sought his couch till well on in the small hours of the morning. . From the depths of a wonderful port manteau he had produced a microscope, a vast array of test-tubes, and bulky note-book,, and the early hours -of the morning found him -with a cigar between his lips, deeply immersed in bacteriologi cal research. . :j Presently he started violently, as a sharp rap sounded at his door. ■ “Are you awalce, Sir Charles? .For Heaven’S sake, come at once to Miss Chat teris!” cried a voice outside. i He sprang to the door and opened it, to discover Mrs Mantrap shiyering 'in her dressing-gown. " “Whatis.the matter?” he asked,. “I am afraid she is dying.” : Sir Charles snatched up a small leathern case and raced down the corridors of Grey , lands to the Blue Boom, Mrs Mantrap at his heels, a good second.' Miss Chatteris was lying in the great' four-post bed, white and rigid, with a slight foarir upon her lip§.. ! The great surgeon made ??e opened the leather case, and; producing his stethoscope, listened intently;- for a few moments to the labored breathing of the inaminate figure. Then he turned back the eyelids, and peered into the eyes. “Will you kindly bring a light?” he said, coolly, to Mrs Mantrap, who stood, pallid and shuddering, in the background. '‘When did you discover her ip this state?’ he queried. “Only five minutes ago,’’ replied Mrs ' Mantrap. :. “I could not go .to sleep. I was anxious about her sleeping in this horrid room, so I came to see that she was all right. . . j “Urn! And found her all wrong,” re [ plied Sir Charles. “Will you. kindly hold the light closely in front; of- her eyes ? That’s just right. Thank you.” He made no further remark, and gave no sign that he had noticed the sliding panel of the room was slightly moved, and that upon his patient’s lips was a faint blue mark—the death-mark of Greylands This he examined with a magnifying glass, and found it to be a tiny punctured wound. ' He had seen a similar wound several times hefore* but never singly, for it was the mark, of a serpent’s fang. • “She's fainted; that’s all,-” he said, cool ly, as, unperceived by Mrs Mantrap, he drew a tiny fairy-like syringe from his pocket. This he filled from' a small vial, and pressed it against the white arm of the rigid figure' on the bed; ~ Then this wonderful man produced an otheratiny- syringe charged with a poison which, iiu unskilled hands, brings-"death, but which, set to fight against the poison of a serpent’s fang, brings life to the stricken victim. ... . . I.. . .; This he pressed against the patient’s “Now. work her arms backwards and forwards—so!” said.he., ; ■; Mrs Mantrap, -dishevelled,;'ahd with all her wrinkles and crow’s-feet showing with uncompromising distinctness; did as she was bid, and for an/bour^- she and Sir Charles fought silently and- stealthily for their patient’s life. • •” ; ' “The major?” queried-’Sir Charles. ' “Is asleep,” replied MrsWIanfrap... . ■f‘If he wakes?” '' ; “The major never waltes,.’^ answered Mrs Mantrap. " ' . 5 .- , Presently signs of life began to return,' the fixed rigidity died away from the stiff limbs, the natural hue returned to the blue “She’s coming round,’’“said Sir Charles to Mrs Mantrap, who .was .heating water ,on a spirit-lamp.'. . ;'v -rt Presently Miss Chatteris ^ moaned and' opened her eyes. “There! there! it’s ail right!•' it’s all right, my dear—don’t lie -frightened. Here’s Mrs Mantrap come to see- you!” cooed the great doctor in his most sooth ing professional tones. - “Just a fainting fit,” he continued. “Only just a little fainting fit.' Want to cry, my dear? Ve-ry well, my dearie shall cry on the old doctor’s shoulder. There!” Sir Charles sat on the edge of the bed whilst his patient cried heartily and healthily upon his shoulder. “About as near a shave as I have ever seen,” he murmured to himself. “Five minutes later, and she would have been dead! A si^ake with a single fang, too!” Then he spoke aloud to Mrs-Mantrap. “She has received a severe nervous shock,” he said, calmly. “I am going to shift her into my room. Will you get things ready?” “Now,” he murmured, when Mrs Man trap had hurried off, “this is a big dose of opium for a'little girl, but I daresay she can stand it.” Another tiny syringe was pressed against the white arm. “That’s right. Now you’ll gq to sleep, ! and i’ll call yoiir brother to help carry you out of this chamber of horrors,” said i the doctor, as the heavy head fell back on the pillow. i At breakfast-time everyone had heard how Miss Chatteris had been frightened into hysterics during the night, and was indisposed. ' ■ y Sir Geoffrey was greatly distressed. Mr Hogg was mildly elated. Had he not said that she would be frightened? Sir Charles, wan and worn with his fight for life against death, .had a great desire to kick Mr Hogg, but desisted. An hour after breakfast he lit a cigar and walked round to the terrace that ran along the north side of the, house under the windows of the ill-fated room. At the hollow buttress he paused. Then he dropped his handkerchief. *' As lie stooped ,to pick it up again he marked how one of the stones .was loos ened in its bed. In the dust were footmarks plainly discernible by Sir Charles’s keen eye. “The mysterious footsteps have left their impression.” said Sir Charles to himself. “The ghost wore dress-pumps, too, judging from the width and shal lowness of the heel.” Then he returned to the house to see his patient. He found her feverish, but recovering rapidly. She was greatly surprised to fin'd her self in Sir Charles’s room; also to find .a tnhnor-n-noucli •and-.pipa-.repdei-- lier pfti. She had no recollection of- the previous night beyond having lain, awake jin the great bed of the Blue Room/'rand of having watelied the piercing eyes ;of' the cardinal’sr portrait till they seemed to have bewitched her. “You hypnotised yourself," said Sir Charles. “But; proceed.” - A little after one in the. morning she had dozed off,but had been awakened by avsl.ight stinging sensation on the lip. Then the terror of some unseen presence ■in . the room-had overcome her, and she could remember no more. With this information. Sir Charles was forced to content himself.' ' . He sought his host, who' was evidently greatly depressed by the incident. In fact, the manner of. his inquiries left no doUbtin the mind of; the-'observant doc tor that Sir Geoffrey was "deeply in love. “And yet fikrfootniarksbii the terrace are just the size of , his dress- shoes!” marvelled Sir Charles. ’ '“Never mind, we’ll see trt-night!" ' ^ ‘ ■ in. •/' ; Next night, Sir Charles, with a; hand ful of cigars, a riding-whip, and a six chambered revolver, quietly sought, the Blue Room, and seated-hiuiself in the cornerto. await-the ghost of Gray’.ands. One. two, three! The stable clock told the hours.- -y • Sir Charles had smoked; all the cigars he wanted. He-.-stretched himself on the bed and ..began, to. doze. The ghost or serpent was evidently not coming to night, but lie. .would see.',the. ..affair through.. ' Presently he awoke with.a start. There was a faint creaking in the corner of the r “A rat!”,he thought. Nevertheless, his heart began to beat violently,... and . he reached out for the revolver that lay. handy to ’ the~ bedside. , • Siowly the-sliding-panel'ground back,; whilst thro.ughrthe aperture a white figure ' crept into file room'. ” : .. . “Click!” ' ' •" > The cocking'trigger of Sif ;Charles’s re volver sounded loud in' the > stillness of the The figure-approached the bed! ;. “Sir Geoffrey, by George—a somriaiiibuf list!” "-murmured the doctor; under-•his breath. • ' ' ' .' ' • A bright gleam; of moonlight shorieover . theIflo’oc.'v As the figure, with, outstretched*Kanga and-wide-open'expressionless eyes,' pass ed-through the belt of light towards the i. bed, the doctor saw the gleam of a large jewel on'the’middle finger of the fight hand. ’ ' [ • -As', Sir Geoffrey approached the doctor :• slid cautiously over to the opposite side of the: bed,^uncocking liis revolver, but holding the butt-end ready for a blow. Sir Geoffrey- paused at the' bedside. His left hand strayed to the ring, which lie twisted on his- finger till the shining jewel lay inward on his': palm.' Then lie'pressed his hand gently upon the pillow; and with a'deep sigh turned towards- the - open panel. ' '• “A Borgia ring, by Jingo!” breathlessly murmured-the’ doctor, as lie peered cau tiously over-tlie edge of the bed after the receding figure, “and an inherited uiicon scious tendency, to make use of it” Slipping off his shoes,-he waited till Sir Geoffrey had slid back the panel to its . former position. ' • \ In two bounds he was across the room. The panel slid back silently,-in time for him to catch a glimpse of Sir Geoffrey’s figure turning the corner that led to the descending staircase. ■ ’ He crouched. The somnambulist- had paused. • • Out-of-the darkness there came a clink and the sound of a closing, drawer, fol lowed by a-shuffling of feet downstairs. \- A minute or two. afterwards a dull thud sounded up the stairs. • , “He has dropped the stone!!’ exclaimed Sir Charles. He ran hack to the Blue Room, and, throwing up the, window, watched Sir Geoffrey as he walked slowly along the terrace in the direction , of his own apartments. < : ‘ “He.has left the ring behind him, and I i must get hold,.of it.” -. In a few minutes Sir Charles came back in the passage, armed with’ a .chisel and a small-sa.w. After some tapping and probing he discovered a spot -where the woodwork gkye back a hollow sound. “I 'suppose J really ought 'to i'find' the hidden spring’: they always do'- in the story books,”1 lie muttered; wifiba-smile. “Anyway, here goes!” A few well-directed blows withihammer and chisel, rent'the wainscot. ; “Brutal, but efficient!” murmured, the doctor, as he drew forth the shattered remnant of a secret drawei-. s \- -A.- gleam or gold showed amongst -the splinters, and wrapping his handkerchief over his fingers, the doctor cautiously lifted a massive signet ring. His next movement was mysterious. Passing down the hidden staircase, he lifted the massive stone that hid,its out let, and ran swiftly rouiid past the stable yard. • . He had noticed that the coachman’s lit tle hoy kept guinea-pigs. In a. few minu tes he was back again, with a stolen -guinea-pig tied in his handkerchief. , Closing the. stone gently over the en trance, and wrapping the ring oarefully in an old envelope, he crept stealthily hack to his room. He locked the door, and carried the guinea-pig into the light of the .reading lamp; then,, lifting the ring by its circlet, he pressed it upon the shoulder of its in nocent victim. There was a shudder, a convulsive kick, and the guinea-pig lay dead upon the table. Through the magnificent sapphire with which it was set a tiny grooved fang projected. “H’m!” remarked the doctor. “Borgia, after all, knew a hit more than the art of fly-paper poisoning. I don’t suppose that Sir Geoffrey, if he only knew of its existence, would object to my stealing this ring for the College of Surgeons. In fact, I am sure he would not, considering that I have exorcised the ghost of Grey lands Abbey, saved the life of the very charming girl he is going to marry, and have made up my mind to cure him of somnambulism. The rest is my secret.” The doctor’s prophecy was fulfilled. In a week Miss Chatteris had full:/ recover [ ed from the mysterious terror of the Blue1 -Room, whilst Sir Geoffrey, proud and happy, announced his engagement to-j Miss Maude Ciiatteris, blissfully ignorant '■ /Of the veiy existence of the fatal ring, i which lay snuggly hidden away in Sir Charles Stanton’s portmanteau. ,j 