F.1Y GOOD FAIR/ (A LVNDuX JU'ISODEJ, :: ?? [COMPLETE STORY.'] ' BY ROBERT BUCHANAN, i-jhhur of ' God aud the Mau,' 'Stormy Waters,' 'The Wedding Ring,' ?' The Shadow and' the Sword,' 'father Anthony,' &o.; [coptbiqht.] CHAPTER I. FAR back in the early fj I sixties, that is about Sh\ fij d \ ftve and tt^y years ytf (A Y/y it :i=0' * was livingin Pm&f; I the top room, or Wkjll r garret, of a lodging /j^^C3 house in Stamford ea^Crf street— a dismal ty I \il r^ thoroughfare which Al I ~y\ ~ runs at a right angle '* \\.'^/ between ths Black friars and the Waterloo roads. I had come to London wit.h the conven tional half-crown in my pocket, to seek my fortune as a literary man, and I was preliminaries of dishallu cination, disappi.inrrn°Ti--, and semistnvvs! fi«n: My room, which I had already occupied about a year, was what, is technically known ;is .1 lied-sHting-room. drearily furnished in tlie hideous style of the period, with a few ricketty chairs, an old armchair stuffed with horsehair, a four-post bedstead with grimy chintz curtains, window curtains to match, :mil a piece of unclean and delapidated carpet. 'J'iu-iv was a tiny fireplace communicating wirli the chimney which smoked confoundedly win-never the fire was lighted. For the use of this room I paid the princely sum of six tOiilliiiirs a week. Poor as the plane was, and exposed in times , of storm to draughts from all the airs of heaven, I wiishappy enough there, andat night, time especially, when the curtains were drawn, the lamp burning, my pipe lit. and my books and writing materials spread before mo, I :islc»»d for no snugger quarters. At Iwcnty years of age one can be contented anywhere, and is almost independent of physical conditions. Ur.t the worst of the life I led was not its pxitvine poverty, amounting not unfrequentiv to absolute privation, bur. its loneliness. I had lint a single relation or friend in London, aud nlumst the only persons with whom I c.'eiianged communications from time to time were the newspaper editors fur whom I occasionally did a little work. How often in those solitary days did I wander up and down the crowded Strand, or loiter on Waterloo bridge, or wander away into St. James's Park, yearlong all the time for a kindly r'o'-liiig. For the touch of a friendly hand. * \v.-.s shaKtiy and seedy as well as hard up, and the only aiquainrances I might have ma 'ie were the idle loafers whose vulgarity and ignorance repelled me and whose room whs b'-tter than tneir company. Now and then, indeed, on the lonely bridges, I dropped into talk with the weary women who haunted the gaslight, and fplt pitifully drawn to them for the sake of their sad humanity. 1 was poor as they were, and knowing that, tlu-v often gave me a sisterly word. All tbis time I was writing, writing, writ ing : planning nia-sterj-ii'ces which were destined never to reach completion, dreaming of wealth, and fame, and scribblitrg number less things to boil the pot. Work, however, was difficult to ;rer, and whpn it was got, the pay was miserable. A positive snowstorm of manuscript, floated from my garret to the offices of newspapers and magazines, only to return stgain with the melancholy formula, ' Declined with thanks.' Still, by dint of cousta ut attempts aud endless perseverance, I managed to scrape together a pittance on which I lived . The one .-upremfi object of my ambition was to be a dramatic author, to write pieces for the stage. When a small boy, living in a country town, I had been a constant threatre goer, and I had once perpetrated the words of a pantomime fora country manager. From tl at. first e.fort I had passed on to tragedies aint comedies in live acts, domestic dramas, and even farces and operettas, aud every month or two added another to my list of unacted productions. Copies of these great efforts had been duly sent to London managers, sometimes to be returned ignomin iously like my other literary efforts, more often to be iost altogether in the dark abysses of the nianasrerial room, but in every case never to be opened or read. Meanwhile I still haunted . the theatres whenever I could scrape up enough money for a seat in the pit or gallery. I saw all the great actors, and most of the smaller ones, and I seldom or never missed a new piece. Let me at once confess it, I was still, in Fpite of nil my disenchantment*, a bpl;'ver in I'airvliind, and London to me was fairy ground. The spirit of Dickens still dwelt there, and again and again, by lying in wait near Maiden lane, I had seen the great enchanter himself pass by, carrying a hand=_ bag and journeying to hisoLicein Wellington street. He had taught me to believe in humble happiness, human worth, and the fairy element in real life, so that the very streets were enchanted and the very houses .-eeined inhabited by kindly gnomes and elves. For, remember, it was early in the sixties, and the mocking modern spirit was not yet born. Even the portly gentleman in the spectacles whom I could see any day trotting to the Garrick Club, and who was then describe'! as the 'cynical Mr. .Thackeray,' had not abandoned Fairyland altogether, and had indeed written romances for grown up men and children. Nowadays, as you know, he is classed as a mere old-fashioned, sentimentalist — almost as impossible as his greater literary brother. As I have said, I believed in Fairyland, and the purpose of this story is to explain Low fully my belief was justified. I have said that I had no friends ; certainly I had none outside my lodgings, and as I seldom or never set eyes on my landlady, and as my simple wants were attended to by a sort of red-haired female hurricane (who went and came with a succession of snorts, and who was altogether too hard-worked to be capable of any conversation), I could scarcely be said to have companionship at home. Of the other dwellers in this place I knew little or nothing, though I fear some' of them were of rather doubtful reputation. The only other room on the same floor as mine was occupied by a printer's compositor, who was out all night and sound asleep in bed all day , a sort of Box, who left behind him when he came and went an odour suggestive of mingled printer's ink and ardent spirits. It was not till I had been residing in the house for some months that I became aware of a fellow lodger of the opposite sex, who occupied two small room*, a sitting-room and a bedroom, on the floor below mine, and who appeared to come and go mysteriously at all hours of the day and night. Now and then I heard her singing to the accompaniment of a very bad piano ; and the songs she sang were not at all edifying, in eo far as they consisted of the music ball ditties popular in the early sixties ; such as : A pork pie hat and. a little white feather, And knickerbockers for the dirty weather, In the Strand ! in the Strand ! in the Strand I I wish I was with Nancy, I do! I do! In a second floor for evermore To live and die with Nancy. Tne voice, moreover, struck irk- as a little shrill and vulgar. For this reason among others, my impression of my neighbour was not favourable. ' ? ' Nor was it rendered more favourable by air occasional glimpse caught of her oa the stairs -» In the street She dreobed mthei ^. Ji,,, ! and there was something on her cheeks thV ! looked like rouge. Yet she could not hay. been more than eighteen jit jiinfiteen yiwi-, old, and her face was decidedly pretty, hei i fcair was a bright auburn, and her eyos u sparkling blue. I wish I conjd add that-her manners had the -??repose -that suits the euste of Vere de Vere, 'but alas, they had not. She vras, on the contrary, rather a loud young lady, much given to' whistling on the stairs, banging doors, and giggling in and out of season. ? And yet, little as I suspected it, she -was a good fairy ; a real substantial shining good fairy, of the sort that the. adorable Dickens himself had- dreamed of. See how difficult it is to judge by appearances. For a long timH I did 'not understand her, and fancied indeed that she was no better than she should be. That the reader may picture to himself the two leading performers in the little drama that was to ensue, let .him be reminded once more that it was the early sixties, and that both. myself and my fairy wore the awful costume of the period. . He must picture to himself then, firstly, a curly-headed youth in a cut-away coat, pegtop trousers, and boots with elastic sides, and secondly, a roguish, bright-eyed girl, who wore a pork pie hat and (crowning horror of horrors) a crinoline. CHAPTER II. . /* 'J/^TC continued from time to t& Tl .'T time to pass each other on the A /^ h stairs, at first' silently, but after «/ \f wards with a murmured ' good ? ? ™ ™ ; morning ' or 'good evening.' I was bashful to excess in those days : added to which I was, as I have suggested, a littln drmbHhil nf my neighbour. Sometimes when wo ,„&. sile would draw aside to let me pass, and stand looking at jue with roguish eyes, while I coloured up to the ears aud answered her careless greeting. Lonely as I was, those meetings soon became a pleasant break in my life's monotony, and often when I heard my neighbour ascending I would slip downstairs for the mere pleasure of passing her. Who was she ? What was her name, and what her occupation ? These were the ques tions I began to ask myself, and to put to the tempestuous maid of all work, who could give me very little information. Gradually, however, I discovered what I wished to know. Her name was 'Miss Costello,' and she was engaged in some capacity or other at one of the Strand theatres. I consulted a pro gramme of the theatre in question, but her name was not there. A few nights later, however, as I sat in the back row of the pit, listening to the inanities of a Cockney bur'esque, I saw, among a group of ' utility ' ladies, dressed in trunks and tights, the face and form I .sought — those of my sprightly fellow- lodger. Our eyes met, and I fancy she recojjnised me, for she tittered and said something to one of her companions. I was relieved, pleased even, to find that she was an artist of some sort. Though her name was not even mentioned in the playbill, the manager had given her about two lines to speak, and I am bound to add that she spoke them abominably. I was enabled now. for the first time to take a good look at her , and I was surprised to see how pretty she looked hi;'; her scanty costume. She was slight arid delicately formed, with dainty hands and' -feet, and features alive with youth and good-humour. From that time forward I became a frequent visitor to the theatre, aiid .my '-iiitere&t;'*in ' Miss Costello ' continued- to grow. Do not run away with the notion that I was falling in Jove! My feeling, s6 far as I can remember, was one of pure friendship and human sympathy — there was -a sense of companionship in looking at and listening to my fellow-lodger,, though we were still almost strangers. . .? Late one night, however, as I was climbing garretward after a lonely stroll in the moonlit streets, I came face to face with her close to her own rooms. She had evidently just come in, and was lighting a caudle at a gas jet on the landing. She smiled and nodded, and T was passing on when she called me back. ' I saw you iu the front row of the pit last night,' she Raid, graciously. 'Yes,' I replied, 'I had been there.' She tittered, and I felt horribly bashful and uncomfortable. The door of her sitting room was open, and glancing through it I saw a shabby little chamber, with a cloth: laid for supper, which consisted of bread and cheese and a glass of London porter. She followed my glance, smiled again, and led the wav lrifn thp rnnm Snnrp.plv tnnwino* what I was about, I stood on the threshold hesitat ing- ' Come in and sit down,' she said, ' unless you're tired and want to get to bed.' I assured he* that I was not at all tired and that I seldom retired to rest till the small hours in the morning. ' Bad boy !' she answered. ' What makes you sit up so late?' Then before I could reply she added, 'You needn't put down your pipe ; you can smoke while I eat my supper.' As she spoke she threw off her hat and jacket, and waved me to a chair. I sat down speechless and gazed at her while she began; still ? standing, to eat the bread and cheese and sip the porter. 'How long have ' you been living here?' she asked after a pause, and when I-told her I had been there about a year she looked at ?me thoughtfully and inquired, ' What do you do ? I mean, what are you ?' 'lam an author!' I replied, 'somewhat proudly. 'A what?' - ? 'An author !' I repeated. The statement appeared to astound and puzzle her, and she looked me from head to foot with evident surprise; then her face brightened, and she laughed* aloud. -. ' O Lord !' she exclaimed, biting through a crust with her white teeth, and shrugging her shoulders. 'Perhaps you don't understand what I mean?' I said, annoyed at her want of respect for my vocation. She shrugged her shoulders, again, and took a sip at the porter, then looking at me slyly over the edge of the glass she smiled and observed : . -..-.' 'Oh, I understand well enough. What do you write ? Articles, stories, newspaper' stuff?' 'Anything,' I replied; 'you see, I'm only a beginner, and it's hard work before one is known. However, I'm determined to get on, arid if I don't it won't be my fault !' .Then, having found my tongue, I began to feel at my ease, and proceeded. ' I only found out the other day that you were an actress. I thought once of going on the stage myself . Do you like acting?' 'Pretty well,' was the reply. ' All my people are in the profession, and I've got to like it. Father was a scene painter down in Plymouth ; he-died there, and so did mother. I came to London with: my sister two years ago, and we went on as extras at Drory ,JJ)tllC. ... ? ' ''Where is your sister now?' I asked. ? . To my surprise my neighbour's face dark ened ; and. without making any reply, she began humming a popular tune, and walking over to the fireplace glanced at herself, in a broken mirror above the mantelpiece. 'So you live here all alone?' I inquired. 'That's about it,' she replied. 'I get thirty shillings a week, and the rooms cost me twelve. I used to have one of the girls to live with me ; but she was too fast to suit me, and we didn't get on. ,My name isn't Costello, that's my stage name; my real name is Smith — Fanny Smith. What's yours?' : : : I told her, and tQ my surprise she laughed merrily. . . ' They've got another name for you at the theatre, ' she said. ' They call you ' Curly ;' and they think you're my sweetheart.' Her manner was so frank, . and free of arriere pensce± and her mirth at the idea so contagious, that I found myself laughing also, although I rather resented the descrip tive' and not too respectful nickname her friends had given me. The ice price broken, I soon found myself talking freely, aniquite unrestrainedly, to my new friend. 1 told her .1 .... ,Uu»gi-=-- (a!».t\c- li.-rttA'ur, Lui.oi-.ii;..,. ! *? extremity of my pnvatiou^), hinted at my ibition, aud spoke, in short, as I had not \--oki.-j- for many a day to any human rohI. A.S I proceeded hei pretty face giow gr.iver aiid graver ; but suddenly iu the midst of mi tall: Big Ben struck twelve, and the clocks in 'th ?' surrounding streets began-; to -chime in , answer.. ? :,- . , -. .. ,: ., ??. , -- ; ', Twelve o'clock; ''she said, yawning-, and I holding but her hand. ' Time for bye-bye !' '?Good night, Miss Costnllo,' I replieil shaking her hand and passing to the door. '.'.Fanny's my name,' she cried, 'M'- Costello's all rubbish ! Good nijrht.' ? So I left .her, arid betook myself to my quarters on the floor above. After that we met. occasionally, though riot; so frequently as we might have done bad my new friend been leas busy; for they were: preparing a new piece at her theatre, and she' had rather a longer part than usual, and w* : much occupied wit.h preparations and con ? stant rehear-als. . Sometimes she had com ?; pany ;? not always of herown sex, and I coul' j hear the piano playing till long after mid night.. ; : . ' ' ' Another circumstance tended ; to keep us apart, and indeed to keep me to a great extent to my own lonely quarters; At the very time of our first meeting things had been at a desperate pass with me financially, and they, were growing worse everyday. The news papers and magazines seemed to have made a dead set at last against my contributions, and though I worked -harder than ever it was hopeless labour. My'few books, and such' little personal ornaments as I possessed, had; ?'gone: to the pawnbroker,' arid my wardrobe ,' was following- piece by ..piece. .. The time; seemed fast approaching when I should have^ nothing at all to wear ! Poor as I was I was' very proud', arid I took care that no one sus- ? pected iny desperate condition.- In my brief talks with Fanny I posed as rather a pros perous person, and talked very largely about my literary prospects. I do not know if she suspected the truth ; if so she never alluded to it, aud moreover she was too full of her own affairs to have much time to discuss mine. Thus it happened, that as the days went on I saw less and less of my little neighbour. I knew that the new piece was- successfully produced, and that she was praised for her performance in it ; but I was unable to visit the theatre; being practically a prisoner in my own room. - ? ? ' One dismal afternoon, late in December; I was sitting all alone, wondering which pros pect was the drearier, my own wretched f nture or the i wintry ; street beyond my window. It wanted only a week to ChriRt mas, and the thought of the approaching holiday time only deepened my , sense of personal misery. . *'* Suddenly I heard a soft knock at my door, and before I could call out ',' Come in,' the door opened, and my neighbour appeared on the threshold. She looked -fresh aud rosy, and wore her hat and cloak as if she had just come in from the street. 'I say, is this for. you?' she said. 'I fonnd it downstairs in the lobby, and I thought I would bring it up.' In her hand she held a brown paper pai-cel addressed to me. I recognised if in a moment, and went ted as fire. It was one ' of my luckless manuscripts — a little two-act comedy, which had already been returned contemptuously by more than one London manager. ' It's all right, thank you,' I stammered, taking the packet from her and placing it on the table. ' Yes, it's for me.' I tried to speak cheerfully, but in point of fact the return of this manuscript was my coup de grace. All my hopes had been built on its acceptance, and I had. been fondly dreaming. 'Oh dear,' cried Fanny, sympathetically. 'I'm afraid I've brought you bad news !' I forced a laugh. 'Not nt all,' I said.. 'fit's only ?? manuscript-r-something I wanted an opiniou about— and — and— - — ' ' . .. She interrupted me again with a little cry. She was bending over the packet and reading the (superscription. . : ' Why, it's been to our theatre ! Is it a play? Do you- write plays? How funny?'' I scnrcely heard her, for it had suddenly occurred to me that there might after all be a letter inside, and I had opened the packet with trem Sling fingers, and found, folded in the manuseipt, a half-sheet of riote paper with the following lithographed memo randum : '?':'' ' Mr. Isaacson presents his compliments ? to Mr. (here my name was written in) ; and ? begs to return him .the enclosed manuscript, which he is unable to accept lor produc tion.' With another hollow laugh I threw tie paper on the table. Then I said loftily : 'I sent it to the manager, never thinking for a moment that it would be of any use to him. lie has sent it back quite politely, that's all.' 'Who?' 'Why, -Sir. Isaacson — your manager. I den' t suppose he has i'ead it.' . 'You may bet 20 to I on that,' returned my neighbour. 'He never reads anything except the sporting papers.' ' Oh, he's that sort of man, is he?' I said, carelessly. „ . 'Yes,' she answered, nodding emphati cally ; ' arid a beast into the bargain !' . ? Without caring to ask her how she came to that conclusion, I thought it advisable to change the subject. 'And how are you getting on ?' I asked ' I hear you've made quite a hit this time !' 'Oh yes,' she replied, ' and I'm to have a really good part iu ? the extravaganza at Christmas — a good speaking part, and double salary. ? Why. haven't you been to see me in the new piece ?' ? I explained ? that I had been so terribly busy — had my hands so full of work, &c;, but I would come all in good time, and I was very glad she had been so successful. . As I spoke her clear bright' eyes watched me', attentively and somewhat sadly. Presently^ she. snid : ? 'Only last night I heard Isaacson saying he'd give his head for a new comedy. The present one won't .go long, it's too slow. I suppose yours is clever ?' I smiled, thinking in my heart that it was very olever; but I- explained with dignity that I had other views^ for it, and that I was in communication respecting it in another quarter. ' Presently she stopped me, placing her little hand on my arm: , ? . - - - .. ;?? ? -- ... .- . 'You're working, too hard,', she said. ' You look awfully seedy. '.'.;,.; .?'.''?.//.'?.-.'.?'?:-: ... — ' Oh, I'm all right,' I ! responded.'' ??'-_'? Very : likely I shall go out of town at Christmas ' for ; aholiday. What's your new part to be?'- ' She brightened'and smiled. . ; .,-; % .:-?' . ' Oh, . a fairy — -with, a song and dance ! Old Phillips says I shall knock them this time!' : ? -''?'? 'Who's old Phillips?'; : :. . ?;... ' Oh, a friend of mine who writes in the papers. He ' advises Isaacson, he ; does. Isaacson couldn't get along without him.' My eyes opened. Could she possibly be alluding .to.Phillips, the great dramatic author and critic, who did the theatrical reviews for the most influential newspaper of- the metropolis? .1 asked her the question, arid she nodded; ? 'That's him, ' she replied ? with ungram nmtical emphasis. ' He's a' good old sort and takes quite an interest in us girls. You ought to have sent your play to him; I'd have made him read it !' ? My. amazement deepened. To think of Phillips — the great . Phillips — before whom both managers and public trembled, being on terms of intimacy with a promoted extra lady ! But of course I took the statement; with a grain of salt; not .believing for a moment that it had any foundation in fact. 'Well, goodbye,' said. Fanny, with her . usualabruptness. ' I must get ready to go to the theatre. Don't work so hard, and mind you come and see me in the new piece as soon as possible !' ?'. . So saying . she ' disappeared, : leaving me divided between shame and despair. v Despair predominated, for it seemed that I had now . played my last card, and unless a miracle happened, ther- was nothing before me but starvation.- ^ ' ', I: ' ? . . ,: ' ; [ A weak passed liy~ and my condition grew nkeL and darker. - '.With, only -just enough o buy-a little bread, I crawled* on from day to day. ._ ? Too proud to beg or to reveal to anyone my teal condition, I would creep out at night, and walk for' hours in' the' dismal snow-clad streets, wondering what -was to become of me, looking sometimes down into the depths of the black river and wishing I had the courage to seek a last refuge there. I saw. nothing of my neighbour, indeed, I carefully ' avoided her, feeling that I could not have endured her pity. At last — it was' the night before Christmas Eve — I stood on Waterloo bridge, having paid my last halfpenny for toll to cross. The snow was falling and it was bitterly cold, My great coat had gone long ere that, .and all the previous day I had only had u.Juthful of food. I think I must have grown lightheaded; /or the lights of London seemed dancing .vildly round me, and the living shapes that passed me seemed like ghosts in a dream. | Finally, &S; midnight struck, I let myself into the house where I lived, and crept, half fainting, up , the stairs.. As I approached the landing below mine,! heard the sound of singing and piano playing, mingled with merry laughter ; then a shuffle of feet as if some one was danciug, and a clapping of hands. I clutched, at the bannister, and the whole landing seemed to rock beneath me ; then, suddenly, 1 staggered, clutching at the door, and- fell iorward' into empty space. .. - ?' . ???).- ? ;;;- *?'??? :--\ , The last thing I remember wast the opening of a door, tho sudden flashing, of lights, and then strange' form's bending' over irie; while' a voice that I seemed to know cried, very far off it seemed, and in a sort of misty dream,' .,, .^ f 'Why, it's Curly!' . ,_ _f ,;.,.-..; _ . y '\ GHAPTE-R III. ; : ?- WrtTRN I again recovered conscious ness and it seeriied that I had been tossing about for . ages in ? a sort of troubled .. dream — I was lying undressed in bed. It was broarT day, * and looking wearily round I recognised the faded furni ture of- my own room, but a- bright fire .was burning in the grate iind the place looked quite comfortable and tidy. The air was full of a faint music like the chirne of church bells, and beyond the frosted window, large flakes of 8no w were falling. ' ; What had happened ? How had I come there? I tried to think, but remembered little or nothing. ' 'i ''?' All; at once. my attention. was -attracted-. by a movement near the fireplace, and looking that way, I saw to my amazement a., mau of about sixty years of age, long-haired, long bearded, seated in an armchair, spectacles on nose, reading. What amazed me still more was that he held in his hand a book that looked like manuscript, which he was attentively perusing. Now, he frowned,- again- he smiled, very grimly^ but suddenly he looked up, and his eyes met mine. ., ?? . ' Hullov!''he said, nodding. 'Hullo !' I repeated faintly, while the room seemed to swim round me.-' ' When I looked up again the strange man was standing by the bedside, and blinking down at me through his spectacles. ' Better now ?' he asked, placing his hand on my forehead with another grim smile. His voice was gruff and deep, but not unkindly. ' : v . I tried to answer him, but again the room swam round me. The next thing I remember is that the strange man was supporting : me and moistening my lips with a little weak spirits aud water. Then placing me gently back on the pillow, he went to the fireplace, and returned with a cup of something warm.~ ' Drink this!' he said, supporting, me as before. 'No nonsense! You've got to drink it, and when ' that's dope you'll have ?ne mure.' ....-.- It was a soap of some sort, and I drank.it eagerly, for I felt very faint. -AH. the time I was wondering what was the matter, and who my extraordinary visitor could be. ' ? . ' Are you-a doctor ?' I asked presently. '-- ? The strange man grinned and nodded. 'Yes ! Doctor Christmas ! Come' to make you well : come to feed you up with soup and chicken broth. Capital medicine, : eh ?' 'Have I been, ill P' was my next question. ' ?Ra.tber, but you'll soon be all right now, won't you ?' ' I hear bells ringing.' ' ' . ' Of course, you do. It's GhristmasDay. Now lie down and have another sleep !' : I supposed I did as he commanded. On reawakening I became, aware of him again. He had g»ne back to his armchair, and was again reading the' manuscript. ' Wonder of wonders ! It looked like- my manuscript ! This time he seemed quite angry and excited, and I heard him muttering to himself. But now there came the sound of a rustling* dress, and I saw, still to my. wonder, my little neighbour standing iri the room, dressed quite quietly in a dark stuff gown, with a ' white collar and waistbands. ' I thought she never looked so pretty. .:..' ?? ' How is he now ?' she was saying very softly. ' ?'?'''* ' Coming round all right,' answered the strange man, just glancing up from the manuscript, then, after a . moment, he put down the manuscript, and uttered what I must admit was an imprecation. ' 'Hush-! What's the matter ?' cried my friend. . .... . ? The reply seemed irrelevant. 'Isaacson's a ass ! Didn't you tell me the youngster had sent him this-to read ? 'Of course, 'I did. -Hush, Joe, he's listening.' I was listening, in increased amazement. Who was the surly stranger whom my neighbour addressed so familiarly as ' Joe' ? If he was a doctor, what was he doing with my manuscript, and why did he seem so angry? But now Fanny was bending over ine, and her little soft hand was placed gently on my brow. As I looked up at her and tried to answer her kindly smile, my eyes filled with tears, and I turned my face on the pillow, sobbing like a child.' - A day or so later, the -mystery was ex plained. On the night, before Christmas Eve Fanny found me lying insensible on the land ing outside her room. She hadcompany that evening — two girl friends from the theatre, with their husbands, small actors ; and with their assistance she had carried me to bed while a doctor was sent for. The secret of my condition was soon discovered . I was practically starving, and iny privations had ?brought on a feverish attack, which needed oarefulwatching. ? \--'-Poor fellow !' said Fanny,' after. she had explained everything. ' ? Why didn't you tell me you were so hard up ?' . As she spoke my old shame, came over ine, and I turned away to avoid her eyes. 'Never mind,' she cried ? presently. 'Father Christmas wjll look- after you, and I'm going to be your Good Fairy !' 'Who is Father Christmas?' I inquired. 'The doctor?' She laughed, .-., 'Yes, and a- stunning doctor, too, as you'll soon find out !'. . ?' ' „, : ? ' Why do you call him Joe?' ' ; : ; 'Because he is Joe, you silly boy! -Joe Phillips that I told you about, who writes for the' papers.' ' Phillips the critic ! Phillips the Ehada manthus of the Press ! It seemed too im probable, too impossible ! The great man had been there, in my room, and had actually looked after me and warmed my soup while Fanny was away at the theatre ! Then he had vanished, and so far as I knew had not returned. 'But what was he doing with my manu script?' I oried, presently. ?; 'Why, silly, I gave it him to read!' My poor heart sank within me, for I knew the severity of the great man's judgments, and remembered 'how angry he had looked, from time to time, during the perusal. 'Oh! why did you do that?' I moaned feebly, I didn't want anyone to read it— I — I ? ' Again she bent over me and smoothed the hair of my forehead.' 'Never mind,' she whispered softly, 'Joe says that Isaacson ia a f ool, andjthat you've ????. ;i '?? ^;:'.v:'V;f-r;:t^,l Written a masterpiece, and that it has gut ti be produced, and that if Isaacson doesn't d- it, someone elfie will!' Then she leant down and kissed my biou and I felt — or was I still dreaming? — a teai falling on my oheek. CHAPTER IV. -_7 O you see I had been right, after all, ^^^ to believe in Fairyland ! My Good L j Fairy had waved her wand, and all ^^-c' the world was changed ..for me. A week after that I was sitting up in my room, happier than I had been for many a year, and before me. resplendent in fashion able clothes and jewellery, sat Isaacson the manager, actually discussing the terms on which he should produce my comedy ! I fancy I should have made a very bad bargain, for the manager, with Hebraic keenness, took in the situation at a glance, and had just offered to buy the piece outright for fifty pounds (remember, reader, that the palmy days of authorship had not yet arrived), when Father Christmas interposed again and my Good Fairy backed him up. ' ?' Don't take it !' said the critic,' gruffly, 'lean get you very different terms at the Haymarket.' ; ''??.' ' I should think so ! ' cried Fanny. '?'. The manager scowled at the critic/buj; his :eyes. rested riiore tenderly, I thought, -on Faririy, as he returned evasively : — - — } ' Of course,' if the piece is as good as you ;8av— and Ido'n'^ ^ doubt- it— — '?? ... ??'?? '.''You'd better not,' cried Phillips. ;' Come,' I'll tell you what, we'll accept. ? A ?hundred; ;downr.and- two: guineas anight ; 'same terms in the provinces.' ? - ? i The manager gasped, while I myself almost jfainteij at :the speaker's audacity.:-: ' :-'.' But I don't give more than that.to Tom Taylor!' - . . . / ' ? ''TomiTaylbr be hanged! - I tell you this is the very piece you've been looking for, and if you don't wanttohaveit ? ' 'Tellee what I'll do,' cried Isaacson, 'I'll give the. terms on one condition — that Miss Costpllb accepts tbe-two years' engage ment I' offered her, on the terms I named.' ' I looked again eagerly at my Fairy, who frowned and turned her face away ; then her ; eyes met mine, fixed appealingly on hers, and she gave a little laugh. ; . r Isaacson rose. ^ -i ? . '.--- .-???? ; - 'That's what. I'll do. You can talk it ? ever and let me know what you decide.' - -: : He evidently meant -what he said, and' moved towards the door. Phillips looked annoyed, and I gathered at once that he had 'been bluffing on my. account. y All at once Fanny exclaimed: ? : , 'All right; I'm agreeable.' ^ : Whereupon Isaacson withdrew in' the best of spirits, after- arranging to send me a cheque and copy of agreement without delay. Well, my tale is almost ended. My play was produced, and ' from ? that time forward I was a more or less successful author. Fanny played in the piece, and played very well indeed, all things considered ; but by this time she had grown a big public favourite, certain to attract in any part she undertook. : --, A;few years later, she — but that, as the phrase goes, is another story. I was well to do, and: doing better every day, and she, a famous actress, was driving about in her own brougham. Our friendship continued, for I never ceased to. bless the kind friend ; who had first led me on to fortune. I am sorry to disappoint the reader who may have fancied all. along that our little, friendship was to end in matrimony. No ; pretty as'Fanny was, and winsome and charm ing, she never expected me to m«ke love to her.. Once indeed, when I was almost on the ? verge of asking her to marry me, she looked quite pained and I saw her eyes grow dim. , .?' Don't talk nonsense,' she said. 'You mustn't think 'of me like that,' but only as your Good Fairy!' . ; And that is one among many reasons why, when silly - people - talk nonsense about the wickedness of the stage, and say unkind things of the people in Fairyland, I always get very angry ; for the face of Fanny rises up before me, and I- remember what my Good Fairy did for me in the early sixties. 