The Lion's Skin. Dy Cl{Al1LI DlT flEIRNAlil) cHtrix'm'> (Cdnnucthr )-' ' ¶ sighti'io th 'a?ige?gbej iii e l?th i. sa appipo? hin Sarian th vesenor . .ble snant -?whoe,'naiei' we h?sa intLi -imed finto his 1roffai. sl r-i woldk cteoiling to ill 'ppearintee", is, pie-: Spi'red hi ods tols - fo the cUil. sjpiiit. ",.* biiinself for, :shlortof .leiing Satani iln person.iiv was iinuisodtle to plieseit a -. : Inlore'feilrfill specitacletl.han ilhit of thin v: .aiocturni l apptfritioni -ttortil, speclt cF. .or deinol?: :tlis asigilngiti ersonulage wis .'clotine i"'long baloold-colouired get'r met,' t " :ei; he" rised holiiid of which :; e: .:.osed tb vitew a flaceof luclt elrtirord.?i inaryvwhiteness, thit he?i?le itli the Inl '.r spreid oveir the cheeks of .'eorpls.ct would "]Ia.e seemled 'tiite' fresh iiid life-like. This ? ed il-eobed sph'nl loin ias- hold uing ai .cirii. in: whichl ii t was atitt ivtc by sexminingmn its sepulclir-l co'unteit ince, 'by th aid i of ,I d'rk iiitcrti sehieli it dltrited. in its ri'hit iind 'a'nil ,he light. nr which tfe .-upon th I.io l ",le.:" 'Absorbed ill his *contelttplaitm.ito, hich "ppenreid to indicate thalt cogueLtry wias naot foreigni to' tlie intlitilritltis of l.h1. otheb r world, tlhe sliectie c!ine wailliing aplpidly iloiig witllout once turning itls cvits either io the rightl o to the .left. As it. apltroaclhed,, its I'r nds, mhtketi' by a tremblitigiv which ,t evei. ntonecut grew.c more violeil, seeiled oi ;the point of drollping-Jbotli tIhe lirltior ;dld the Il iternt ; miad its pnllid fitce " wore such it: lament hle explress ii 'that one would h'll\e -thotIutghtl. i." wit experieicu in ,,g at. the ighllt ol: i f its o?n flece the telrrol'.wlhich it w;is intended 2"ts.should cliuse in otheui,. Less friightenedl , hI\oweve thni ii -a ;loniishci bi tlhe sightgl'6f sul?h ' stram?gt creeiture. Servinla rellmiled eontea lud iehind the. tliee, age it.j which he lihut run ind- \twaited. with aileut ciiriosity the conclusion of thin tlrciventure. 'T'lhe ghost, if such it was, v,,et: straight, to Sthe' Cosauck's grtive.: i On arrit';iing' it, .thd foot, of Illie ilatne:t'cree, it- plineed its ] ntntl':iit t thle gluss tin( .itote olf oie .'of thlie sdilules which the. bnark of It?se trees forits ls it drit-. 1'lleit the spec-' fire took ttlt tis limteri' aglit tittil ic-" tnntiited niatioiiless; . elhi.i'iutg with ili-. lated;f: frightenit'. eyes' at the lpl-iec wibhele the tldtil ,olditeil' hld ?une Itnhid. t.lhinill, t iftter .u i onentt of silentit co. ,emlihition thle ghio!uh slowly olpented its mnoutho . tutu in ti choking' voice, thunt Si'eemied to issue flolll IIa thi'oiL whiliehi it long sojolrllt in tlhe' tomtb hIlad I'elllel edl lcesllegs, lie san tig " ,e.lliciln tIctertlltitn do .cit' s, )Doulltine."' "'Et li.rs piepetut ci lucie.t," rehlied Sersitl ii it sepmluchil'] voice. Tlenl the phiilfont took o1te boilild kbncl.wildstl. its if thle Cossaek-- suilddei 13' arising frolll the dcuid-h:iid reltlied ;o liis p)r'ye'l b)Y it lalhitItc thiust. .oc' ,ten,secotd s oi so lie t.renblicl so vio eistlh3' thtt the hititterti tnitd Itte ctirror ,nockleil logethlelc in hlif htlllils. T'htelll lU at nl-ole'lle ihrollpred theicl botbi 'lu.it'd a. momcttent aiftel.i\cit'dl tehie'itiself fili o il " uisbiek before trulitilll, whrto w~-s gretutl' stlittisar t auh al tierlinit.titol of the scene., ":lE NIGHTi Al)V\'lNTURtE. On seein, tIihe phan oin. sinllkl dolwn lilke :a life less Ilmiisi, S?ervian enl.er.ged :lirom0 his ]iiing plaece and picked ipl the Inllterli, \vhich forltullnat.ely hiid iol gonle out in its iii. IVithotl, ilpplIr-II ing ti experieice 'aiy otbher .leviling "than that of surprise, he approached lthe inltl'rious iudivid luli who rcnlain ed stretchedi oni the. gi'ass. Will onle fiuld he touched his ga?rmentl isnd iss-, certainied thit hlie botly which it. enll Ivilopledi. llhougih of a. mlosl J'Inalstic plIcriilrncl'e, \':1s still one 1of leslh a.lnd blood; Ihiin Wilh the otherci. lul hle .'heldl the Il1niern to the thl? of the stragi'eri who iiaide I10o alitclnIip to opien his eyes at the 5itlciell glalre, inlll 'whose hlce, which wan as iiwhite us if it 'iad been loured, preserved tbl ghastli inmilobilitly which chiarneter ises tile nitellltiaiellllle (IL I. 'orpse.' Ulioni my snilI, ti ig'hosl, lint fiilt ed," sid Se:iian. lo: ]lilllself ; ":,lie iiitn't expect aniiy ansyier. I liii 1 witili "hie'di recoverl his sense?. ; Inl ioixioius t1o know \wrhetliher lie Fan talklli belier thin Iie sings." " Alier deilileratlng for :a inoiientl. is t1o theI best way of iputing an end to L swoon which ieiineud likely, to lastTL6r in i nldclhiile .tinie, Ser?i'vini relielleir ead lhiil only il fe'w yarlds nw iiy Itlhere .wnls ii riv'ulet, whlo,'e caprlllicihous nincn (lering's werle nlotl th?e leIast .lplesiiig edt?lr ii?e of iMollsicur .ll:ceibeli's p1iirk. :ie iii to il it ll olle, lighting hlis steps l3y !he lninlc rle , l nd dlilppeil ill tlue cool stlreiiil ii silk lindlerlchief whiich le ]lhll ill his pocketl. letunrlnig : ls ltuickly Is lie hliid ?ollne, lie ilillileid his iiprovisetll reiliedy to thlle swooOing 0n11's fnlee h lii il.er in'iediiili' mlualldlii'ireu, hilf oplleie Iis eyeis iliiil lunidce til iliiieilpt to rise. ELcoi'uoroged h his rlust.. eoi ss, Eei1 i1n. rciimove?I the hiilihlcerchie'f, .which,i ow iiing oi ti witer w"ilh l hicwllil was tali.iuralteil, lid iluig to' hie srti'lng'er's 10cc. A\llil lnowh·e liticed with sir trise orderilil oiln stl.peflacl.ion, .thilt the speie' c's Sl'i'iir'intrl l;a plillor.li hnd ilis ippt'lrcir oiiiy' leIvgll' some whlliti.ih patches lhere inid tli"rc. 'Vitiohlt 'llow\ill" li iLsellf to blie dis conccrtl ,ii tlis frellh diisilllsion, So. v1hin r ighlty ril'bliied. lle glhosts :flied .'with lliis hlindkerchief, 'nid the spectre, (luilik,,-rely steiorei tci 0 Ci?llio llsillcsi'i 1J:l this ic friction, mlndi ii slddlen lv'o ' ihent and sil,,ll ; ,'whlereullpon th:!e reth 'hoofd iliieli enveloped lhis lheil fell iup onll his sliotilbersil nd iet?ealed ni c ni.ii iof t lroin. 1 il'," luil wose .1ilky 11lrls .nigtllll halve no, l:n'illling/lyaidorn~d, I1" llty gilrl. "\llhy, it 's tha s'illy .' fellow :(licix," criel Serv'i'a, 'ighi' lfohlaiig I li llii. tei' 1rn o.lihe ees of lth? gliosl .?vllnije wa, Vi nd, idriil dful lookiiig "-ul? b old " d.nsiad il'" biiieli titaisiforitd iit h thiii of ii lialindi~moniel aiindu liel It 1(1(11 of eighteeni j . "JEt I i'a-pi'rlet' lta-ben I iA'fs '' toi. ed?le iliii n ciig anin liin i broklei yoicl "lAricoul I soiiiiiniliulisl Ol' io 1fool?-' co"itiniiiied Sc rlil, whllo, 'oin tecilg:li L'i expressioiil of terr'or slnmlpllsi on hil iit s.pieihelw's featuresC , lostI til iteii'e t.o sl'aughl llnd couhl lot i help feeclilng some tvhiat ullnes'y. '"-.Iiucea, eis, iiglino sI'lnlliliued lelix Caribier, rolling his terrified eyes siound and imnitating tile sepulchral tones of his. iuncle. "The dead hnave spoken--what fearful darkness --the .Cossalck-the n I'm a. ghostr-talkce nwly this'mndirbr, si that I" mainiy not see tihit: lioirible fiee n-agiii-or.r shlloot me liket tU!?dessaeck. O0h ( my liem ile, pIy elieid !: M.y. God, am I gbing mad !" At tlihese .words 1elix carried hisu lhands to his' forehiead, pressing it vioa lentl, as if :b :stifle the i.nridness of lhiich Ihe .fancied he co6uld- expecrience the 'irst. symiptoms; then he fell bnackl and seemed about. to' fniiit ''iwiay agiln.' Servian, whose-, anxiety .haild hecl increased by thlis incoherent .lan guage iind cbnvulsive pa·ntomime, sup ported hin.'ini his arms anid said'in a voicenas geiltle as tha. of Ta mothier e.peakiniig to lhericlihild : "Collect yourself, my lad ;-it's no thing;but , dreari , and you're uivailie ioia. Come, speak to mi' and exphiii" wh'lt this masquerade means.- ook at' mne." " • " " " : XYoungm Cammbier thereupon hialf open ed his eyes, but aliost at once clositd thinm again with an expression of gen uilne terror " " Ciii't youL see e ?" continued Ser 'vies . '' don't you recogniise .your. uncle ?"' "Cossack \\- imirror--lix peripeltun." stamnimered 1'clix, with hiis teeth chllt tering.. ;'.ut--God forgive me-youmre trem Ibling," said Servia.n, thlnlinkg hie would try, chnia : " Whit . :L great fellow'! a bachelor of letters : a. warrior who is ;just entering Saint-Cyr ! .to tremblle like a little girl whllel someoue tallks about a bogey ? 'Tis notm our bloodl thn?motunis ini ynour veins, 'mi . slure. Hlaven't you got any) heart,.Felix 9 Are :youl.a coward ?" This lIst word produced ' 'mugical effect on the future ofliert; who spiraig up with one bounds, Ihaving looked about him for a moment like nman a;vawkinig from.a dciream, he .fixeid h'is eyes on his questioner, who was stoop ing to pick up the lantern and mirror. [Monsieur Tonayrion," hie exclaimed in a- 'voice suddenly changed by alnger and not by fear; " a joke may bhe a very 'good tlhing, btl. for my p.art I finll this ru.tlier a: stupid onle. 1 wvill prove to 'ou whenever you like tlhat iIiu not a' coward, aiid .that youi. arc only i.fool;" "Drivo ! FPelix," cried Servian, look ing up,; "now I recognise my Cid.. t?s lucky for me tlhat I'm I notT Monsieur T'oiayrior, for I suspect. y'ou'ld ,male mie have a bad time of it." SWhli.t ! it's you,. uncle ?'; cried tihe y'oultg inL1, astounded at this imeet iong; '" it was 'you who just now110 gilVe me-" ... . , "--Such a terrible friglht; myself." I" iright ! you don't thinlk me1 such n. child," said ]Felix, blushing to the roots of his lhair. "W'lhy excuse yoltrself ? The greatest irloes are not exemlpt. from. thllit wenkness, and only brulggarts pirofess :thalt.l they ihavenever been frighltened. 'lult ,0now' thillt yoL're' recoveredl from your ilnic, will. yol explalin the meaLn ilg of the flla.ce -tlhal. youl've been aci inlg ?, W's it solmnitl?lulbuisml ? o\ iL \wager ? or is there a. mlaskedl ball 'lit the colonel's ?" ly this time Cambier had 'recovered himself. Ie huing Ils henad in coln fusion, inld when ihe raised it thle per spiratiol was standing on his fore-, leltd and two tealrs were treusbling on his eyelashles. " Uncle," hle said inl a. p:athetic voice, "'you've always been like a. father to me, and I'm surm you. wouldn't like to hurlt my feelings." "I wouldn't eaulse you .tthe slightest trouble," rieplied Serviani kiindly. '" WVell, tlhen, give m'e your word of honour yoi'll never ieluntionl-no mnat tor to whmn--a, siiigle word of whilt has.just halppened lhere. IRemember tlhat if you refuse nwlat I. can ask you [ am calpalhie of ianything. . " Of anytghinig ? that's rathler vague : of wrhat ill pimrticulr do. you feel your self so capable ?" "Of blowing my brains out," said Felx otragically. • " Oh, is thait all ? and why, please, bIloW youir brliulis out ?" '" .Whly !" exe CSuined the younug man, whlose uyes, like a. stormy sky, poured forth ligtig'h iiiing mitl olrs;- ". oi sk muc wihy ! .heccause Ilmlm unworthy to live; liecause lt mynge c haI e no more pluck than ii boy; ebecause in, ;ehil~ en-hearted, covarrdly, .a child i". cried Felix, who to express the amcie of ,a. Ithat was'disgrceful cohiilll in o bit telr woi'd thun .this-ia child--thie most 'ignomoinous one ini the hl'renclh lain gurgein tile eyes of ui num of eighlteen. " For shlamine! i soldier shouldn't cry !" replied ,Servian, repressing .n smile. " Conme, dry your eyes; anid Ii promise to say .uiothinig tlhait, wvill dam age youir repulation." " You see, uncle," continued the sprouling?' hero, somewlhut tranquil lisecd by this assurance, " if Madaime Cnussnlde 'i e i'etu kntow tiiat' I vwas afraid she would chlff.l me from.i morn ing to night, lland .1 would rather hove a bullet through toy brain than that." .Tlhe smile that was playing on. Ser vinn's lips disnppeared at once. "Tlhen you thiitl al.- greant deal of, Minditnme Ciaussule's -opinion ?" he asked, looking ]keenly. at' his nephew'... ' One would live to lt heitirtless .to do otherwise !" replied the young mani' with.i Icind of entliusiansn ; "she is so ltatidsoime, so witty, so umocking,! So chlrnming whlen she siniles' it you, atnd so formnidable wlien. she chlafl's yout. Slie hls sulch great black eyes. tucli wlhitc teeth, sihe looks so sprightly andil HO iiolile,, lier figtre is so seedieltive, 'tbere is so much grace in all that she does, so nuih in nll 'thni shi sasys." '".Madame Caussade is a, erllriniig:wo nilan:i 1 .live known tihntt for a. long tilne," interrupled Servialn in a serious -voice ; " so you imtiy spare Ihe your eitlthusitastm, iuft we hiad better get halck to .the house, .or .E doi'tf suppose yotu swant, to makte a. ilid of the Cos stick's grave anymore o thlu do. "You ctnt tell ine :is we walk tilonug how. it wtisthatitI oli'ith d to meet you in the itiildlo of te li tglit.'tidniri msclt a l~tce in tlis bitirlesqul costiltune, ivhicli uinst litive.£rightened half tlhe owls in the pirk to deat.h." .: You Iknon:i they sit uDp rather lute iat the colonoel's, ''.replied Felix, is he seti oil' "walking at his tincle's side; " sometlmlnes tl!ey iplay p wlhist., some times'there is music' 'This evening the u slla was about, gliosts. lihe colonel re hItied n ladventuret thant happened to lhitl in a cemetery, int Gernullny. Molt sicir Tonyrion6- a. big fop whom I l de test on account of his insolence-- thlis clegant Molisieur Tonayrion also pro fessed to have taken, part iti two or tlhree. scenes; of the. suame kind, ,ench mnord' ii'd. more' incredible. As I. am nlit vsery cleve;r iit.inventii?i fables, I. ,was thi?eonl :o<ne wlihollhad nothinig fo tel'l ; bntics it did'not look well to ap iea r dnzzled by the faliistil powers o?Mof?isieiu;' onilyrion, I took thel li beirt of "idiildinmenll atlites.e spiiposd ,nirm h'isvich are only litto frightefi. itleeildiiden:..Thereupon I was dchal lenged to supportl by deeds the abso lute incredulitJy' Which : :pirofessed: M1adame Cnussaile looked ait me. with thatlnulicious. smile that I 'im so nfraidou ;.' she appeacrled to doubtn my Iluck. anid Lsalw thl'it sihe was dying to jput it t ti the prdof. ''oni can imaiginc unelet .thtat under al these circunli stances if 1 had be·hil daired.to confronit a ti ttery of guns it would have been impiossible for mie to refuse the chil'l lengc." "MWhalit clillienge, " asked Servian, rather impiltieiitly.: . , S""Thi..'- Ivas ehled 1 1ie ileoii,d.i this cost mme" ebn(iluxnc--" ;. ' S't'l?his feimrf il ried garnmetnt ? Whliere on..eiirtih did youdiliscover it2' "lt:'s ia spleiidid dressing-gopwn which I had madi e iii PFiris not, a week ngo," replied Fmeli. rathler piiqued at thle irreverenit, way in whlicl his fah ourlite costume vs i:sspoken of, " well, itL. was agreed thllat, wearing this dress ing-gown, whichm when .you raise the hood really looks ira.thir formnidable, that. \sitlh my face whitened, liantern itn one htimd, and s mirror in lbhe other. in .Wliclll I was to keepl looking a't my self, I should cross tile park. which fiommn here to the hlouse meisures at l!eist. three-rquar.ters of a mile, andil sing a requiemi ov~r the Cossaiek's grave. As pIm oof liat I haid ieeomplishled the task,. L was to bring bIcmek ii. piece of IrIk froli the plnei tree. planted over the tomb. There is only one tree of thle kind.in tlme p)ark, so theprmoof was considered i,decisive ope." iAnd it w'is Mladinlne CaJissade wvho arranged this pretty little joke !" at this moment a.kecd Servian; speaking in :i tone of' voice in which consider able annoyance could lie detected. ' liidaimie Ciaussade. the colonel, Monsieur Tonayrion, and nll the com paiy made.'suggcstions with tile object of making my appearance as dreadiful its .lossible: As I wanted to do the thling with a' good grace. 1 not only conisented to ill tliese, biut even addled sonime of my own ; it. was my idea tlat I shoulid whiten my face. To make a long story short, wheln 1 hlid finished my toilet .I set out. : At first all went, well. Blehind me I heard the colonel's voice and Muladame Caussade's miockingi lanugh, and on see ing my floury face in that cursed mir ror, I liad hard work to preserve my ownl glravity: molre than onice was oil the pointi of bursting out, laughing. As 1 'walked oin, thie jokes that were fired at me from tlhe driawing-room became less dis'tinct, however, and presently I heard nothing, but found myself in the midst of profound darkness and sol emn silence. In vain did T strain my cars to catcli some souind; not a b)reeze in tiec air, not the song of a bird, not the rustle of a leaf. The whole ipa.rk was is silent us thlie tomb. "W ell, in spite of myself, tellmnour fulnels of this absolute repose and the thickness of the shadows in. iwhich I foiund nyhelf cvelolped made me feel a cerltain amount of unleasiness. Ashamned of this growing feeling, I tried to maklre light~ of it., and again bhe ganll to laugh at' my own face, whlich I had. not. ceased looking at, ill the mnost, conscientions iuannei. nut lpiobably 1n. gaicty-v was not very genuine, for nmy -preselntment illn thatll infernal mir ror ctllurnled mlle, lnot a suile, but alor'-. rible grin. Then-- I can't explain it but. n kind of plnic took possession of my1. imaginnatioi : and. all thle .ghost stories tlhalt, T had ever read when I was a boy came into yll3l head. " volvluntuarily all the most dreadful passages in fhlmrs. IladelitTe's novels imlshel Iupoln me. ''The sliperlnaturalr appar'itions that I halld just been heLar ing about.lost all their improbability. AIly'. brailn got mol. anld more bewilder ed. alnd liialll . forgot that it was a'. iuiestioi u.uf a wager, of a laoke, in fact, antl it sbeined to me uis if I was the viol.ii oPt.one of thue uisionsi n whlich I :lihad i:refusid to believe. itl femurful face, fromu wuhich.be , h diadbolical fasci Iltuion [ coutild not tlake mmy eyes, glhired it ime anid assumed . mnore tdr rible expression eericy c monlellt (To be Continueod.) 