TEE EEEMII OF TEE CLIFFS. CHAPTER' XI (Continued.) ' ' Better not try that again,' said tho angry yoico of tho person he ran against, as by seizing hold of a lamp-poat he recovered ms equilibrium. - 'Nugent Peroival !' exclaimed I1 red, laughing ; ' don't you know me ?' ' What !'*. exclaimed Porcival, drawing back aghast, ','^red Stanley,, by all .that s wonderful ! Can this be you, or is it only your ghost?' ????.., ; ' ... '? Mysolf,' my dear Nugent ; my veritable self,' said Fred, passing his arm through bis, and drawing him along, for Peroival seemed too much aslonishod to move. 'I have not the least hesitation in assuring you, I am myself — as good as a score of ghosts yet.' ' Well, wonders will never cease 1' said Peroival, drawing; a deep breath, and sur veying his companion as those still in -doubt. 'Here I was going along bewailing your nntimolylond, when, lo ! you start up as safe and sound. as ever. My dear Fred, have compassion on mo, and toll mo how it all occurred. Did your father rolont, as I told you ho would ?' „,,,?, In as few words bb possible, Fred related what had occurred. Percival listened. with a look of the utmost wonder. 'Phew!' was hiB comment whon Fred ceased, with a long ?whiBtlo of most sublime perplexity. ' If tho hermit is not Old Nick himBolf, ho must bo a near relation. What a providential escapo ! My father called to see Sir William, and came home in a towering passion booauso all hiB entreaties failod ; and hero this unknown, moonstruck lunatic, with a few words, has succeeded in what no other earthly being could have done.' Fred's mouth grow stern, ' I am sorry,' he Baid, ' your father de graded himsolf so much for mo. I should not hove valued a pardon thus extorted fron\ him. 'Oh well ! never mind; it ib all right now,' said Peroival, who seemed tho very soul of gond-naturo. 'My father will be re joiced to hear of your escapo. And tboso at home, too j thank Heaven wo will not have to carry them such direful'' news.' : 'I wish, Poroival,' : said Fred, looking slightly annoyed, ' that you: would not men tion- .this affair to thorn when you return. It is all 'over now, anditmigbt, give— some of them pain. Promiso m? you will say nothing about it.' : , . 'Oh, certainly!' replied Nugent, 'but they will bo sure to hear it. ; Do Lisle, of course, will find out all about it, and rotail.it to them with tho greatest gnsto.' 'His only regret will bo that I did escape,' eaid Fred biting his lip. 'I have no douhtj but, of course, you're too sensible a follow to caro. You'll return home with mo, will you notP' 'No,' said Fred, coldly, ' I shall not tros paas on your hospitality so Boon again. My path of duty lies in another direotion.' ' Well, I -wish you luck, and now wo must part for an hour or so; for my path of duty at proHont lies up tho next street. You know where to find my father ; 1 will see you there when I return. ' Until then,' said Fred, raising bis hat, and turning loisuroly in tho direotion of tho hotel. . . ' . V ' V .';'??? . ' A few momonts brought him to it, and inquiring for Major Peroival, bo was , shown at onco to his room. * ; The major chanced to be thinking of him at tho time— thinking of his relentless father, and tho sad fate o£ the son in dying so young, when, hearing tho door opon, ho suddenly looked up, and behold tho object of his thoughts standing in the doorway, so tall, and dark, and pale, that ho might easily havo mistaken him for a gh'out. Starting to his foot, the major stood staring at him, as though he doubted tho ovidonco of his senses. ' You seem surprised, Major Poroivftly' said Fred, advancing toward him. 'I prosurao you oxpootod- oro this that I was numbered among the things that wore.' ' What !' ho'oxclatmod, ' do I really seo alivo boforo riio, Frudorio Stanley ?' And tho major's faoo assumed a look of amazomont most wondorful to behold. Frod smiled at his porploxity ; and onoo attain ropontod tho talo of his narrow OBcapo. The major liBtouod with a look of uttorbo'wil dormont, now and thon ojnoulating': .' Well,; woll I' ' Jupitor !' ' Wonderful I'J and sundry othor expressions of astonishment. ' And havo you no idea who this Hormit of the Cliffs, as they call him, is P' he inquirdd', whon Frod paused. 'None, sir. Tho man is a mystery toovory ono, and I boliove is gonorally lookod upon as a harmless madman.' ' ' Tlioro BGoniH to bo mothod in his mad ness, howovor !' said tho major, ' it is indeed most wondorful what influenoo bo oan possosB over your father. Sir William Stanloy nnd I woro sohoolmatoB onco, and intimate frionds in nftor lifo. I saved hie Hfo onco, and in his gratitudo ho promised that tho first favonr it Would ovor bo in his power to grant to mo should bo given, Tho firat I ovor naked of him was to grant his own son his lifo — and it was angrily rofuHod. Yot horo, at tho last mo'mont, a moonstruck maniao comes along, and at hid first word your lifo is sparod. Strango I Strango !' ' I four it will always romain strango,' said Frod ; ' noithor my father nor tho hermit aro likoly to rovoal it. I foar there may bo som orimo oonnootod with this mystory. ' ' Well, it is nsoloss for us to porplox oar solvoa trying to find it out!' said tho major. ' And now, bo olmngo tho sabjoofc. Wo ro turn to Poroival Hnll to-morrow, and I bog you will aooompftiiy ub.' 'I. thank you, Major Poroival ; but I must dooliuo your invitation !' ropliod Frod. ?; ??-'? -' ? ', Oh, pooh, 'pooh I I'll tako no I'ofusal, you .musji oomo I', intorrnptod tho major, hoartily. Ho looked up in tho young man's face as ho spoke, and was almost startled by its cold, proud expression. ' Come, my dear Stanley, do not refuse! You will spend a few days with us at least,' ho said, courteously. ' I regret, sir, that I must rof use !' was tho frigid reply. ' Well, if you will not como now,' con tinued tho major, who seemed in an unnsually hospitable mood, ' promise to do so in a few weeks. My daughter Edith is to be married about that time, and wo should all like you to bo present at tho ceremony.' Frod had arisen as tlio other spoko ; aud now Major Percival lookod up in bewilder mont to seo him looming up above him so high, so dark, so passionate-looking. Ho ceased speaking abruptly, and stood staring at him in wonder. ' Major Porcival,' said Fred, in a voico bo deep and stern As quite to startlo that worthy man, ' I cannot return to Peroival Hall, be cause I, lovo your daughter. Wait one moment, Bir' and hoar me out,' ho added, as tho Major sprang fiercely lo his feet. ' Miss Percival will, you say, in a few wopks, bo a brido ; In that case wo will, nover meet again, so that I can speak without fear of misrepre sentation. Since tho first moment I saw your daughter, I loved her — loved her, too, knowing it to bo hopeless, for she wob then the betrothed bride of another. 'Sir, you're a villain, Bir; . yes, sir, a scoundrel, sir !' shouted 'the angry and deeply horrified major. 'One moment, sir,' said Fred, with such frigid haughtiness as qtiito to ovorowo his oxeited cornpimion ; . ' my intention was nover to mention this to any ono, bat tho pressing invitations of both yourself and your son render it necessary. Sir, I am a man of honour, and as such could not again bocomo a member of your family, knowing that your daughter loves me—: — ' ' t-o you dare to tell mo this!' cried tho major, growing absolutely purple with passion. ' Knowing that she loves mo,' continued Fred,, with tho same storn coldness as though tho major had not spokon, ' I could not return, and my continual refusal of your invitation might load to misrepresentation. Therefore, sir1, I havo told yon all ; nnd now, to whatever you havo to say I am ready to listen.' He folded his arms and stood like a ntatuo before him. ' My daughter lovo you, indeed ! Sir, your conduct haB boon treaoherons and dishonor able, sir ; unworthy of a soldier and a man of honour, sir ; yes, sir, even from a rebel I expected bettor conduct, sir,' oxolaimed tho enraging major. Frod did not reply, but stood erect, calm and stern. ' What business had you, sir,' oontinued tho major, still more vehemently, ' to worm yourself into her affections ? .You know sho was betrothed to. another ; you knewl would Boonor see her dead at my feet than the wife of a rebel, sir. Believing you to bean honor able young man, Bir, although false to your king and country, I interceded with your father for your life as T. nover bumbled myself to plead for any one boforo ; and in return you coolly como hero and boast that you have treacherously won tho affections of my daughter, an inexperienced girl. Sir, I repeat it, you area villain, sir.' The major seemed to have forgotten, in his rage, that though hp had interceded in vain for Fred's lifo, that young man bad saved the life of his daughter. Still Fred, by a mighty effort, listened to his insults without speaking, or betraying oven that ho hoard his words Bavo by tho intensely scornful light in his oyes. 'And now, sir,' ngainbegan the Major, absolutely maddened by tho contemptuous silence of his listener, ' I nover wish to boo your face again ! Nfivor presumo, sir, to boo my daughter more ;, begone, sir ! there is tho door ! I expected something different from you, but I havo boon disappointed.' Ho flung himself into a oliair as ho spoko and began wiping the perspiration from his heated and infldmod face. Fred took his hat, and turning toward the door, said : , 'Your kind and gentlemanly words, Major Poroival, will not soon bo , forgotten. With many thnnks for past oourtpsios, wbioh I- ror grot should* havo boon lavished on so unworthy an object, I havo tho honour to bid yon good night' ' ' - Ho bowed with most ooromonious polite ness, and was gone. Dospito all his outward oalmnesB, his brain was throbbing and burn ing as though on fire, and his passionato heart waB soothing with fiery scorn and the bittor Benso of wrong v and insult wbioh must bo tamoly born, , ... As ho stopped out into tho moonlight, a hand was laid upon his shouldor. Something oi ! what was pasBing in, his mind must havo displayed, itsolf on hiB faco, for Nugent Por oival oxolaimod, in a voicoof alarm .? ' Stanley, my doar fellow, whoro aro you going P' ? ' To perdition I' ,was tho passionate roply. ' For Hoavon's sake,. Frod, don't look so wild,' said Nugont, 'toll mo what haB hap pened. Have you told my fathor P' 'Yea;' inforruptod Fred, fiorcoly. ' I havo told him all, and boon loaded with abuse and insult such as no othor man under Hoavon would havo dared to heap upon mo. And all booauBQ.r loved his daughtor. Am I not her oqual answer mo that. Am I not as worthy of hor as that cutthroat; Do LisloP Tell mo, for I havo a right to know I' ... ? Ho olutohod Poroival's arm with tho grip of a madman, and glarod upon him with his oxoitod eyes. : ' 'My dear Stanloy, do not talk bo I You look jib though you were orassod. Oomo with rao for a walk— tho cool air air will ro Btoro you to yourself,' aaid Nugent, Ho»th ingly. ,',-?? i ? ?',. ? :;???? flo passed bis arm through yFrod'a, and drow him with him , down tho stroot.r; ,Tho cool night air did indeed Boottio him; and after walking a short way in silonco, Frod Baidj moi'o oalmly : -,'?'? .= 'Forgive nicy Poroival, I- know not what -I waB saying. But to bo^ obligod to stand thoro, and listen to his insults-— I, who novor bbro a taunt from any man— -was ' maddoning. I Bpoko to him as coolly; Poroival, as you could havo dono ovon, though ovory ' word , ho uttered stung rao to the vqry sonl.' ' ? HiB oyos blazed, and his' faoo grow livid at tho.romombranoo. ' ' ' s 'Do .not think of' his words'; thoy woro uttorod' in a moraonfc of passion, Bollovo mo no ono will rogrot- thorn moro thanhimsolf! wbori .ho rodoots upon what lio lias said. Thorb, my. ddar follow; do not bxoito youraojf, youlookna thougli you woro ddliridriH.' , ',??'?,; ?.-?,'?&'?' ' My liead aches as thongh red-hot wires were passing through it,' said Fred, romov ing his hat, and shaking back his bair off his burning brow, while tho fierce light slowly died out in his oyes, as ho listened to tho soothing vuico of his friend, ' Hasten to your lodgings, then ; you re qniro reBt and roposo,' said Nugent, ' Como, I will accompany, you. To-night, you aro wild and excited ; to-morrow, you will bo a different man,' ' To-morrow, I trust, I will bo far from horo,' said Fred. ' Wo leave to-morrow, likewise,' said Porcival, 'so wo will, probably not moet again for a while. Here wo aro at your stopping-place. So, wishing tho world may go1 well with you until we moet again, I will bid you good-by.' ' 'Farewell, my doar friend,' said Frod, wringing his hand. And tho two friondB parted. (To he continued.) 