/ A VISIT TO "LAM1NGTON." A coiifomporary publishes an interesting account of a visit which. 'one of its staff' paid rocontly to Mr Georgo Marnor's rcsidouce, " Lnmington," Victoria- road (Victoria). Upon arrival tlio visitor was rocoivod by Mr Marner himself, who had many noteworthy things to Ray concerning himself nnd dnughtor, winch tho onergotio pressman soon turned into copy. ; |' I thought I would lose my daughter, Miss Alice," said Mr Marner to tlio roportor ; "slio was overgrowing lior strength. Medical men could do nothing for her." Horo Miss Marner entered and quickly told how Dr Williams' Pink Pills hud savod her from death and disaster. "I oominenced, some two yoar ago, to \ fool very ill after returning home from school," said she, " I did not feol sufficiently unwell to tako to my bod, hut experienced a continued languid fcoliug' that made me most miserable. Fathor took me to soo a doctor, and he said I was over growing my strength, and I . was not to exorfc myself. As I had no inclination to do so there wns no fear of my disobeying this order, ni'id I took the " quinine tonio" given mo with regu larity, Thon I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and nt night I could scnrcoly got any rest." " Wo tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr Marner, " but it had no, offcot j then 1 consulted a well-known Oollins-street practitioner. Ho said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her atvay; for n trip to Queensland, hut Bhe returned look ing . worao. She would also retch on rising in the morning ; nny food taken could not he kept, down She lost flesh and became a more ghost." j " This timo 'last year," said Miss Alice, :" I woighod 7st 31bs; now lam 9st 71bs." i . " A great improvement j your treatment must have boon .beneficial ?" . j . . " No ; all the modicino I got did mo very little good. Actually, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Palo Pcoplo deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought mo a box of ;Dr Williams' Pink Pills,, at Mr Pleusnncb'b, Oliapel-Street, Prahrnn ; they did mo so miioh good that 1 continued with them. It is along: time since' I; discontinued taking them, nnd I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." j . " And you would recommend t hem ?" "Yes's 'and! -that:'', strongly/ top, ''psnid. Mr Marnor, "lmd I known of Dr VVilliiims' Pink Pills two years before, it would hnvo saved !me a hundred pounds." j The tonio properties of Dr Wliiams' Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blond, and improve the brain. ; Tlioy aro nourtnin cure for indigestion, ailments arising from the heat, pimples, skin disease, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, anaemia sleepless ness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, nouralgia, all female irregularitios, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, &C.; Obtainable- from all chomists and dealers,' or from tlio Dr Williams' Medicine Company, Pjo Rooko, Tompsitt & Co., Flindors-stroet, Mel bourne, who will forward six boxes for 15s 3d; or 0110 box 2s 9d, post free. ; Beware of poisonous imitntions sold at greatly lowor prices than the gonuine pills. Insist upon seeing the full name, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People, on each box purchased. ; Imita tions are dangerous. If tho blood is d inclined the body is diseased. Remombor that the blood, whothor pure 'or impure, oiroulates through the organs of tho human boay — Lungs, Heart, Stomach, Kidneys; Brain., it is laden with poisonous matter it spreads disoase on its course. In ensos of Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczoma, Bad Logs, Skin and Blood Diseasos, Pimples, and Sores o( all kindB the effects i of Clarke's Blood Mixture are marvellous. Thousands of wonderful cures have beon effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere at 2s 9d per bottle. Boware of worthless imitations' and substitutes. " For the Blood is the Life."— If the blood; is laden witli impurities it spreads disoase as it circu lates tbrongh the organs of the human 'body. 1— Lungs; Heart; Stomacli, ICidneys, Brain. Clarke.s World-famed Blood Mixture, ie warranted To oloanse tho Wood from all impurities from what ever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eozonia. Bad Logs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and by it. Sold everywhere at 2e 9d. Beware -of worthless imitations and substitutes ; 