READY TO PERISH. Clarence Mansfield stood under the clear, autumn moonlight in a secluded spot in Hyde Park, a homeless, hopeless, stricken man. He was filled with despair too deep for words, and the most bitter thought iu his heart was that he had been brought to this terrible pass by his own mad folly. The quiet sturs shone above him ; and tho night winds sighed mournfully through the trees und amid the long grass us tho despairing jnan moved slowly ulong, and thon sunk upon a seat with a groan. A sound struck his ear — :the hour called . aloud by many clocks. He mechanically drew from his pocket a handsome gold watch, nnd by the uncertain light regarded its face. As he re placed the watch in his pocketabitter smilo crossed his pnle fuco. ' What matters tho our V he said aloud. The man was in that lonely spot with a fearful purpose — he had come there to die. Yes, in 'thut solitary spot he intended to take the life thab had grown nn intolerable burden, too heavy to be borne, a curse instead of u blessing. It had come to this : he, u man in the first bloom of manhood, no longer wished to live. Disgraced by his own actions, he had no courage to face the world he knew— rather would he leap unbidden into eter nity, and brave the perils be knew not. He drew forth a rovolver,and placed it upon the seat beside him, where it lay with a pas sing ray of moonlight falling through elm leaves, and glinting on its polished surface like the smile of an evil spirit, sinister and deadly. ' I am lost, body und soul,' said the man, removing his hat slowly, with a wild thought of prayer flashing through his brain. He raised the pistol, and placed its cold muzzle agninst bis burning brow. ' Hold. What is this J' The voice startled the suicide. He lowered the weapon, and gazed at the speaker in angry surprise. The man seemed to have sprung up from the path-wuy on which he stood, so suddenly hud he ap peared. ' Who are you ?' asked Mansfiold haughtily. ' Never mind me. Who are you and what are you doing »' ' Why should I render an account of myself to you, ?' asked Clnrence defiantly. ' I am a desperate man,' replierl the other, calmly. ' Liko yourself, I came here to pub an end bo an ill-spent life. Now, before we die, let us bulk u little together. Moralise by the sweet, silver light of the moon. Why do you kill yourself ? I do it because I um haunted by the everlasting shadow of past ill-doings, iny dead past, a3 you may say. They talk of angels weeping over lost sinners j well, they can weep over me if they have nothing bolter to do. 1 can't do any weeping myself. I once owned a mansion in yonder uvenue. Mow I stand under tho stars without a shilling in my pocket. I saved six-pence to buy poison, but it musk have slipped out through a hole in my pocket, and I found I hud only a half penny left. I knew it was useless to buy any with that- a half-pennyworth of poison could never make an end of u bough citizen ike me. so 1 walked un here. 1 have thiih half-penny left. I'll give ib to you for u loan of your re'olver, for bud as my credit is, I don't want to die in debt to you. I'm nob naturally ineun. I'll die first.' Mansfield looked at his new ucqunintanco in perfect astonishment. What sort of man was this to die with a jest, albeit a bitter one, upon his lips? Ho appeared about 35 years of ago ; he was tall and thin, his hair and beard were light brown, straggling und unkempt, and his clothing wore extremely shabby. His byes wero bright and piercing, of a peculiar light grey hue, and his long, slim, white hands were constantly in motion, betraying his nervous tempera ment. He constantly kepb looking. around him, us if he dreaded he knew not what. ' Who are you V' asked Clarence, for the stranger seemed restless under his scrutiny. It was a blunt question, but two men bent upon suicide could dispense with ceremony. ' I am Alfred the Great, Christopher Columbus, Napoleon crossing the Alps, the Ghost of Hamlet's father. Moral, anything you like, ' A rose by uny other name.' What's the uso of arguing over one's name at a time like this ? Let us study cause and effect, devote our last moments to something useful. The cuuses of my present condition are too much wine, too much card-playing, too much worse thun doubt ful company, and lastly, u big speculation in grain that went the wrong way ; the effect of all this being that I can't stand it any longer.' ' 1 did not inquire your nuirre from idle curiosity,' said Clarence. 'I was struck by the strange circumstance of your appear ing just at the moment you did — just when I was about to either pub an end to my misery or plunge headlong into a worse hell than this.' ' There is no holl unless we make it so. Look around you. Could mortal eyes gaze upon a fnirer picture ? See how the golden moonlight gleams on the moving billows of grans, wet with dew. See the graceful shadows cast by those tall trees, in whose brunchesslumber iu peaceful repose myriads of living things that have only obeyed the voice of nature. They are happy, and, as someone snys, ' Only man is vilo.' AH my troubles have come from myself. I never tried to do' right. You havo not either, or you would not be here.' ' I have tried sometimes.' ' Did you u a ly ?'. Well, I didn't. Now, us 1 have answered your question, you answer mine. Why uro you going to die.';' ' I am u villain. I have been transact ing business for my father. I wus tup posed to be smart, and, of course, trust worthy. Well, I got into ull sorts of bud company, embezzled money, and thought I could replace it ; then gambled to better myself, lost all I luill, und, to make a long story short, I've been going to the devil for throe years ; now I've got there. My father bus discovered all, and I could not face him, nnd ubove all my mother. I could not seo any way out of it but I his. I fieil from home threo dnys ago, and I've been wandering around ever since. My father is stern nnd strict, and I've been expecting co be nrroslod ovary moment. He must feel it terribly— and my poor mother j I um her only child, and she luves me, was proud of me. Futher would think nothing of putting me in prison. Hub the worst of all is yet to be told— a girl, a lovely girl, the dnughtor of wealthy parents, is foolish enough to love mo. l'oor child ! she has beon living in a dream. It seeing hard that sho should have such a cruel awaken ing. I have destroyed everything that might lead to my identification, so I can only hope that my mother und Lucile may never know what became- of me.' ?He stopper!, unable to continue: His new companion took a seat, for he had been standing. They talked on for some time, and were recalled to their purpose by the Hound of the'clocks striking ten. ' Do you know I am very .hungry ?' said Clarence's new friend. ' Give me the pistol, und let mo make an end of this busi ness for it is useless to endure more discom fort than ia absolutely mcessury.' For the second lime that night Clarence had drawn his watch from his pocket.' ' By the way,' )ie said, nn he glanced ab it, ' this wutch must be gob rid of.; it has my monogram upon it. What shall 1 do with ib 2' ' Have you got a watch ? Why didn't you say so before V Let us go und pawn it. We can nt least have some supper, and nob go hungry into the next world.' ' Why, this is childish. Take bhe watch and welcome, but leave me alone. Go ! Perhaps you may see some reuron why you slmuld live. Good-bye.' ' No. In the first pluco I intend to stay with you to the end, and iu the second place 1 can't- pawn your watch, for if I do they will arrest ma when ycfur body is found. Coino on, you are nob bhe man 1 take you for ifyou will let a fellow creature die hungry.' Clarence rose reluctantly ; he wished to get quickly over his fearful (ask. Ib mighb be bhub ho feared his desperate courage would fail him if he delayed. ' Come on, friend,' urged the stranger, and the young man followed him. ' Now we cun tulk more at our ease,' said the mun of many names ; slipping his hand through Mansfield's arm us they found themselves on. u broader path. He talked on, and Munsfield was struck by the force and originality of his remarks, and varied nature of his information. He was both witty and well reud, and sremed to have more depth of character thun a ensual observer would have given him credit for. ' Give me the watch,' he said, when they were eleur of the park, ' and meet me iu yonder restaurant.' ' It is too late to pawn it now,' replied Clarence, placing the watch in his hand. 'Alotaball. You are unsophisticated, my young friend.' This is Saturday night, and this is the witching hour when the spider, whose sign is three golden balls, catches more flies than any other hour in tho day. Proceed to tho restauranb, and I'll be with you unon.' Clarence obeyed. He walked inbo the restaurant and took his seab ab one of the tables. A waiter came to fake his order, but he told him he was waiting for a friend. Left to himself, a Hood of puinfu! thoughts caine over him. Tho presence of his new acquaintance had banished them for the moment, but they returned with redoubled force when he was once more alone. He regretted thut he hud not carried out his terrible intention without delay,and blamed the chance that brought the other wretched mun to the same spot us himself. While painfully musing he took up a paper that lay before him, thu 'Daily Telegraph,' and among tho ' Personals ' this caught his eye:— ' Clnrenco M ? . Come home. All will be forgiven and forgotton. Mother is desperately ill, ind usks for you constantly. —Futher.' What a wild tumult of joy and sorrow surged through his heart. Overcome by the tide of feeling, he laid his head down on the tnble.nntl tears of penitence streamed from hi.s eyes. Those tears wore not un manly ; they mished nwuy tho bitter feel ings of anguish and despair, and left Chirence Mansfield a stronger and better man. Just as he conquered his emotion his new friend entered. He saw at a glance that some new tide in the affairs of men hud turned in his companion's favour. He sat down and silently placed a pile of money before Mansfield, and then ordered supper for both without asking one question. Clarence understood the delicacy that prompted him, and, touching his arm, laid tho paper before him silently, indicating tho notice. 'I am glad, from my heurt,' said the stranger warmly, pressing the young man's hand .is he spoke. ' You seo, it was well you followed my advice. You will return, of course ?' ' Yes, return, and with God's help try to atone for the past and deserve my father's mercy. And you ?'.' ' Me ! Oh, I'll finish my supper and thon go back and finish my work. It is no use for VLB to live.' ' No, you shall not. Come with me to Dalston. I shall tell my father when und how I met you. He employs over a hun dred men, and you aro not too proud to vvoik for another mm nt present, as you have no business of your own.' Tho only answer Cluronco received was a heurty squeeze of the hand, and in tho piercing eyes of his companion he saw tears well up. Next morning suw both men 011 their way to Dalston. When they arrived there they went before Mr. Mansfield, and Clarence told their ttory. The stern mun wus deeply moved, und in broken tones ho blessed und forgave his erring son. He also extended a kindly welcome to the stranger, who gave his name us Herman Everlee. Mrs. Mansfield was very ill, but the sight of her boy's fuce restored her. Everlee was placed in the couriling-house, and proved himself a valuable assistant — honest, keen, and industrious. He remained in Mr. Manslield's emnloy four years, and then requested leave of absence to go on u visit. He returned, after an absence of four weeks, with hi.s wifo and child, the latter a lovoly boy of six yeurs. All his friends wero tilled with surprise, us they hud ulways supposed him un unmarried mun. ' That is what filled me with despair,' he said in confidence to Clarence. ' But my bravo Mary fought on alone till I hud boon bore u month, and then I wrote and told her nil. Since then I have sup ported thorn, und now I um once more a happy man. I havo gathered furniture by degrees, und although our home is notmuch liko our former mansion. Alary loves it, and says sho wus never so hnppy, and I believe her, God bless her.' Soon after this Clarence also went away on leave, nnti brought buck his bride, the beautiful Lucile, who had loved him so long and so devotedly. She knew his story, ntiil was willing to trust hor heart to his koop ing, und lime proved that her confidence wus not misplaced. Ho becuine one of the leading men in his business and social circle, respected by ull, and well beloved by .relatives and friends, an honoured father and a happy husband. Yeurs after, when the firm wus known as Mansfiold and Everleo, the partners set asido 11 sum evory year. It wus dent to a well-known clergyman in Whitcchnpel to be used by him for tho purpose of assisting list such dospernto men us they once had beon— men driven to despair bv the fruits of their own folly. Tho fund was u secret to tho partners, and was culled by thorn ' Our fund for Chose who are ' Rendy to 'erish.' ' . 