Catholic Notes. A great Catholic Congress was opened ou Weduuesday, August 30, in Madrid. Close on forty bishops and a thousand priests were present. IN some quarters Cardinal Logue's appointment as Apostolic Delegate to preside at the Plenary Synod of the Irish Hierarchy to be held next year has been extended into a permanent post. His Eminence has therefore sent the following letter to the papers: "I find :l rumour has gone abroad regarding the appointment of an Apostolic Delegate to Ireland, for which, as far as I know, there is no ground. It strikes me that my silence in the circumstances might be taken as a confirmation of the rumour. I shall therefore feel obliged if you kindly permit me to state in your paper that I have lately received two Briefs from the Holy See, one addressed to the Bishops of Ireland, authorising them to hold a Plenary Synod next year, the other addressed to me, appointing me Apostolic Delegate solely and simply to preside at the Synod. This evidently furnishes no ground for the report that a permanent Apostolic Delegate has been, or is about to be, appointed for Ireland. Whether the Holy See will eventually pronounce on the heroic sanctity of Lady Georgian Fullerton, we cannot tell; God grant it may be so. No Englishman or Englishwoman, save our martyrs, has received even the title of Venerable for centuries. The reason is not far to seek. In Protestant countries the tone of social thought and feeling is destructive, of the high ideal without which saints cannot be made. That social tone filtering through all grades of society, blighting everything with its taint of worldliness and human respect, withers and stifles the aspirations of saintly heroic souls. But even in such an atmosphere the grace of the Holy Ghost bears its fruit, though in comparatively rare instances. As far as we can judge, Lady Georgiana was one of these. At any rate, we are heartily in agreement with the writer of this most interesting book, that "our Holy Mother Church delights to have holy examples laid before her children still struggling upon earth, of those who we may surely hope are 'before the throne, serving day and night.' "—"Tablet." At a representative meeting of Catholics. recently held at St. George's Hall, Westminster Bridge-road, it was resolved that the year 1900, being the jubilee year of the re-establishment of the hierarchy in England, will present a favourable opportunity for forming a federation of Catholic associations and the inauguration of a periodical Catholic congress. A representative committee was appointed to carry out the objects in view. There is not a cathedral or church in England, ancient or modern, whose nave, superficial area, width and height can vie -with that of the new Catholic Cathedral of Westminster. The total area of the Westminster Cathedral nave is upwards of 14,000ft., while that of York MinBter is only 13,244ft.; St. Paul's Cathedral is only 7,812ft., and Westminster AbBey 6810ft. The width nav e of Westminster Cathedral is 150ft.; Of St. Paul's, 100ft.; of Westminster^ Abbey, 68ft. The foundation the new Cathedral was laid in it; i s hoped that it will renedvfel public worship in September, JflDO} t>4 the occasion of the fif t v — -TT-'^rsary of the re-establisliut ofghw'Catholic hierarchy in iling- ^ -rk. sfc* ' but, admittedly, the Westmin. ster Cathedral will outwardly not be very imposing, except in size." It is interesting to note that the principal donors have been the Duke of Norfolk, £10,Out); Cardinal Vaugban, £5000; Lord Brampton (Sir Henry Hawkins), £4000; the Marquis of Ripon, £1000; Viscount Llandaff, £1000; Dowager- Duchess of Newcastle, £1000; Marquis of Bute, £1000; Lady Herbert of Lea, £1000; Lady Shelbourne, £1000; and Sir Humphrey de Trafford, Bart., £1000; The Dowager-Duchess of Newcastle, who has been at war with a water company, was the heiress of Henry Hope, of Deepdene, who, however, on her adopting the Catholic Faith, disinherited her in favour of her second son, Lord Francis Hope. She has been twice a widow, having married Mr. Hohler as her second husband. The Duke of Newcastle, who has been writing to urge the High Church clergy to resist the Lambeth decision, Is of extreme Church views; in fact so extreme that it wa.s the general belief he would follow his mother in the direction of Catholicism. One of his sisters, Princess Dacia, is a Catholic.—"Belfast Irish Weekly." Bishop Briudle ordained seventeen priests at Mill Hill for the foreign missions on September 30. He also ordained twenty-four deacons and sub-deacons. On Sunday, October 1, at Farm-street, he raised to the priesthood the Rev Arthur Day, S.J., youngest sou of Mr. Justice Day. The following is from the "Daily News": A layman and his wife have joined the Church of Rome. The gentleman was for many years a churchwarden of his p'arish, a diocesan reader (whose license was endosed for six dioceses), the local treasurer of the E.C.U., a member of the C.B.S., and of the Guild of All Souls. In a letter! to a friend he says: "Hie E.C.U. sent me over. Where is authority if each clergyman is his own law, and where is honasty if a man is recommended by Lord Halifax to sail as close to the wind as possible, and obey the letter, and not the spirit, of the decision ?" 