Music. By Leipsic. Miss Myrtle Meggy, who gave an invitation con cert last week at the Y..M.C.A. Hall, is a clever little pianiste of about 12J summers, Her pro gramme was admirable— just the right soit of music for her to be working at ; not the Liszt Rhapsodies and other ambitious virtuoso soli that are Labori ously attempted by so many young players. She performed the Mozart Concerto iu D minor, tbe most interesting of the great composer's numerous concertos, with care and taste, and was favourably heard in Beethoven's '* Sonata Pathetique ' and Schumann's group of little pieces entitled ' Kinder- j scenen.' Her technique is fluent, she ha6 a good toue, and is generally very accurate ; while her memory proved excellent. The long arpeggio pas sage.at the end of Paderewski's popular Minuet was beyond the little pianiste at present, for to be played in the proper accelerated tempo requires considerable technical' mastery. The passage thus becomes much more difficult than any other part of the piece, but it can be omitted without detriment. Miss Meggy was cordially received throughout the even ing, and encored for the '- Kinderscenen.' Miss King sang Liszt's lovely and poetic ' Lorelei ' (encored), with appreciation of its worth, and was also happy in her selection of Mozart's melodious ' Dove Sono.' Mr, Sydney Moss accompanied. The City Organist gave a recital at the Town FT«H on the 4th inBtant, when he played Meyerbeer's ' Marche aux Flambeau ' brilliantly, other numbers including the player's own ' Federation March ' and Jaell's Impromptu in E flat. Madame Charbonnet Kellermann appeared at the Newbury matinee and evening concert last week, and gave pleasure .by her brilliant playing. At the matinee, at which the pouring rain spoiled any chance of an audience, the French pianiste was an nounced to play Webei's ' Concertstuck,' and to those who had attended with the object of hearing this delightful masterpiece, it was disappointing to find that the programme had been altered at the last moment and this item omitted. Mnrtame Kellermann performed Boli by Chopin, Hande],MoBz kowski, aud Schubert, with skill and charm, although the echo in the empty hall was disconcerting. At the Saturday concert Madame Kellermann played her effective arrangement for the left hand of the beautiful romance ' M'Appari ' from Flo tow's ' Martha,' and as an encore piece added her own gallop. Madame Spada was so indisposed on Saturday that Bbe couid not sing through her number, ' With Verdure Clad.' For the first time at the evening concerts the services of M. Wiegand and the organ were dispensed with, and in place of these tho f' f j Newtown Brass Band played. Mrs. Clitheroe recited Is to a piano accompaniment bv Madame Kellermana. if Gounod's ' Faust ' is being actively rehearsed by ''7j t a company of professionals and amateurs under iS Mr. Delanev, and will be performed in one of the city theatres about October. The orchestra numbers . ^ 40\. Mr. Percy Shannon will be Faost, Mrs. Tiemy Marguerite, Mr. Burns- Walker Valentine, Mr. Beatie Mephistopheles, and Mrs. C. A. Edward* Siebel. Gounod's masterpiece is also to be given ini Melbourne this month by professional and amateur artists, Miss Bertha Bird appearing as Marguerite, and Mr. Louis Luscombe as Mephistopheles. The August number of the ' Art Review ' announces that the Governor and Mr. Justice i f , Stephen have consented to act as judges of a T-V ; literary competition in connection with that journal f for youths and girls under 18, for which gold medals will be awaided. v Messrs. Glen and Co. forward ' Galwav Bay,' a ^ setting by Syduey Hobenof A. P. Graves's {author of ' Father O'Flynn ') descriptive poem about the Irish herring fishers. The song, which has a com- ^ pass from the low G to E, has been sung at Town ^ ; Hall concerts by Miss Eva Mylott (to whom it is | dedicated), Mr. Holiewell, and Herr Stiedtgen. I From Messrs. Paling and Co. comes a March Album, I containing several compositions of Sousa, as well 1 as two of Wagner's marches. _ j! Just imagine ' Norma ' being included in the Covent Garden repertory this season. It is indeed - ! har I to realise, and yet a performance of Bellini's %[ old-fashioned haupt stuck was given in London the ; other day, with Frau Lehmann as the Druid High- -t priestess. And the audience seemed to enjoy the. ^ soli and duets, which have so little to do with thdi -X plot, quite well, judging by the applause. And this in the fervid days of Wagnerism. Paderewski wa3 married at the Church of the Holy Ghost, Warsaw, on May 31, to the Baronne de ; : Rosen, a lady well known to the European musi cal world. In Melbourne prodigies from Bendigo still con- ^ tinue to be brought forward. The latest is Miss ' Alice Crawford, an elocutionist who has won 38 ? & prizes in the talent boomed city during the last two years. As usual, Bhe has passed the necessary pre- lj| liminary of appearing at the Austral Salon, a course .?'?§§ which all these coming stars religiously follow since M Miss Castles stepped therefrom into promince aud ai ft substantial bank account. Miss Crawford will debut 1 at the Town Hall on the 19th, when Mies Lili Sharp, S the last Bendigo soprano, will warble. The latter itf, || stated to be a more accomplished singer than Amy K Castles, if not possessed of so big a voice. K Melbourne is very busy musically at present, g Herr Benno Scherek's Saturday afternoon orchestra |§ concerts, the Bendigo prodigy concerts, Fuller's' ' 8 ' pops,' are amongst those recently given, an -§:, || Professor Marshall-Hall announces a series of/ m orchestral performances to begin on the 17th. M A numerously-attended meeting was held at the It rooms of the Professional Musicians' Benefit Associa^j S tion on Saturday afternoon to make protest against ' m the action of Mr. Laver, of Melbourne, and Mr. Di, p O'Connor, in waiting upon the Minister for Educa- St tion with a scheme for a University chair of music and conservatorium of music. Mr. Riccardi occupied ij the chair. After some discussion the following §1 motions were carried : — Proposed by Mr. AllpreBS,' : JB and seconded by Mr. Weir, ' that the visit of Mr.' : --M Laver to the Minister for Education was made not l : M in the best interests of art, but apparently against! (? ® the interests of the musical profession in Sydney^ / R » as there are plenty of competent musicians here who / Wtfi are well able to look after music in all its brandies' / §§§ without any assistance from outside sources! !§§ Possibly it was intended that Melbourne should be if ? made the musical centre of Australia, but the S| musicians in Sydney were of better calibre, taking' ~ M them all round, than those in Melbourne, and there-' il fore the musical centre should remain in Sydney.', : 2l| Proposed by Mr. Sydney Moss, and seconded bjf If Mr. Delany, ' that the resolution preceding be |§ made the subject of a protest to the Minister foif ? S Education, and that such protest be signed by those If present at this meeting, and by any professional ® musicians of Sydney who may be prepared to do' -M so.' Messrs. Moss, Delany, and Altpress were' M appointed a committee to Bee to the carrying out of jlf the resolutions. i M Miss Amy Castles's concerts iu Adelaide have. if caused the usual excitement. At the first the booking - .S established a record for that city. Bathurst ancr ||| Brisbane are to be viBited by the young vocalist, whd; -;^f has delayed her departure for Europe for the purpose. -J|-; A district choir has been forme 1 to represent Hla-. p; warra at the Newcastle Eisteddfod. It consists of iff: more than 120 singers. 