[AL tEIHnTS ESERVPD.] THE TESTIIONY OF -ESTHER SANDYS. BY ROMA WHITE. CHRAITEI XVIll. Lady Sandys had been from home forn day or two; and when she .retarned. she won derel wlyi the' servabts :l?dked so strange. She $s told ihat Mr. Leicester awaited her in the library; and _she ivent to hinm at once. " Well," said she. pleasantly, entering the room, " is'itsome business of my nephew's?" IMr. Leicester did nst answer. He turned away from'her, and'niade a few steps across the room and back again. Then he glanced at her in dumb'pleading. A keen questioning look had sprung into her dark eyes. Sho seated herself quietly in an arnn-chair. and motioned him to another. Then she foldedl her hands upon her knee, end straightened her back. She perceived that'ill-news 'awaited her, and she remem bereilimmediately that she was a Sandys. " Do not break it to me," she said, com posedly. "Tell meat once." " It is terrible news, Lady Sandys." " Not too terrible for me to bear, Mir. Leicester." She had!become slightly imperious, andhe I perceived that she would brook neither soft ening nor delayof his intelligence. He bent himself a little over a table, then turned and looked at her. "Lady Sandys, your nephew,Mr.Fitz-loy, has been killed." The face opposite him blanched, but the voice which answered was steady. • That is not all, Mr. Leicester." " No, he has been-murdered." Lady Sandys moved slightly in her chair, and wruPoI her hands. Then, still fixing her keen undismayed glance upon the lawyer,she she said again. SThat is not yet all, Mr. Leicester." " No, Mr. Humphrey Sandys has been arrested on a charge of being concerned in his deathl." Lady Sandys dropped her face foramo ment upon her hands, and silence fell over the library. When she lifted'lier face again it .was bloodless, but her voice remained ">rn ands composed. " Let me hear all," sihe said, briefly. Mr. Leicester told. He laid the story be fore her in all its length of bald trivial facts; andi, as he reviewed the case, she followed its incidents elosely. She had herself enter sained the two men at nnecheon only the Saturday before, leaving Hurst Hall before they did.. They had set off homewards about half-past five, wnalking swiftly through the park, where the clear golden light and tie slender shadows fell across the turf. Their servant followed them, laden with the. game. At the lodge ,gates FitzRoy hail handed this servant his gun, to be taken home, with the birds, by the road: while he and his cousin turned their faces to the fresher moors. LHumphrey carried his own gun, and they set off, uuaccompanied by any • ther person, in the direction of Heath Edge. This was the last time that Mr. FitzRoy had been seen alive. Lady. Sandys said nothing when Mr. Leicester tremulously remarked this point; but her hand went in stinctively to her heart. At half-past eight Humphrey was seen at the " rush-berring," -one. When this fact had been elicted the 'voner expresseda wish to call Mr. Sandys' -ntter, to ascertain whether his master had misted Hleviston Priory in the interval. Lewis had been fetched, and had broken down completely under examination. finally falling into a seat and weeping like a child as ho confessed his suspicions of his master, and his efforts to save him. The evidence of the surgeon who made an examination of the body and of the man who had first followed Leo into the ruined cottage, supplied the final circumstances, and riveted the last links of the chain. Mr. Leicester spoke hurriedly, blundering. ly, tunmbling over his words, and feeling, for the first time in his life, the impossibility of practicing politeness.' Such expressions as lie was compelled to use did not lend them. solves readily to courtesy. As he finished speaking he was conscious of a vague im pressionlthat, after all, the English language was brutal. Lady Sandys heard him to the end in silence. - Her face paled, and her lips un consciously tightened. Once shie put up her hand and straightened the lace of her cap, lappet. It seemed a piteous assertion of decorum and dignity in the face of humilia tion. " You have told me all 1" " Yes, I have told your ladyship all. I wou!dhavegiven five years of my life to have averted this blow." The lawyer spoke tremulously, but felt re lieved when he had so expressed himself. The earnest speech brought him into a kind lier relationship with his temporary oflice, which hitherto he had felt only as an outrage. Lady Sandys asked him one or two further 4uestions. She had neither fainted, nor com plained, nor tcried out; but her face had be come older. Withal, she had assuned some semblance of pride, which aspect she faith fully endeavoured to diffuse over her count enance, that -neither eye nor lip might turn traitor to her pedigree. " Does Mrs. Sandys know?" " Not yet." " She must be told." "Yes, Lady Sandys. I thought-" " You thought I woulddoit. You were right, I am the proper person. I will go to her immediately." SShe rose from her chair, resting her hand upon the back for a moment for support \- But she still thought and spoke clearly. " I must arrange to remain with her-that will mean a little paeking. Mr. Leicester, have you dined?" " I have hadl all I require, thank:you." " You must have some wine. And your eoachman--I will Eee that he has something. I shall be ready in a few minutes." She left the room, and ie spent the inter vening time in reneweld acings, and silent irritated denunicatioss of the m?wing rooks outside. Now and then he drew out his note- book, and scribbled for amoment in the leaves. When .Lady Sandys returned to him she was still considerablythe more com posed of the two. Then came the little bustle of departure, the hurrying servants, and the few last in structions. Hurst Hall shared the gloomy excitement that hadl enveloped the Priory. When at last the carriage drove away, Lady Sandys drew down hlier veil, and consigned herself and her companion to silent musing. They hardly spoke to each other until the chaise rolled up the Priory avenue, and was drawn up in tihe light that fell:from the entrance. Storm drops of rain fell;heavily, and ghs tened, crowding in the flood of light. Lewis Sstepped out, and assisted Lady Sandys from the carriage. The butler s fasr was disfligured with grief, and his mouth worked con vrlsively. Had her lady?hip glanoedl at him he must have burstinto tears; but she moved swiftly across the hall to the:drawingg-room, leaving Mr. Leiecsterto enquire for Mnrs. Sandya. " The mlstress is upstairs, sir," Lewis a said. of " Who is with her?" w " Mrs. Jupp came over, sir." h " Tell her that Lady Sandys is here." d "Yes, sir." Lewis went quickly down the corridor, it and Mr. Leicester followed Lady Sandys to i the drawing-room. She was removing her wraps, and she laid them neatly upon a neighbouring table. Then she went to the fire, lit in consequence of the dampness of c the evening, and held out her little hands I to the blaze; they trembled slightly, but she t betrayed no other sign of agitation. " Shall I leave you Lady Sandys?" " No, I think not. It is better you should b remain." S Mr. Leicester went into one of the far corners of the room, and began turning over the leaves of a book. Then he desisted, and t stared up at a portrait on the wall. He h gave a nervous start when the door of the room opened, and heard, with relief, that a message had been sent downlto Lady Sandys. 1 Esther was not well, and would receive her visitor upstairs. Lady Sandys left the room, and the l attorney lidgetted about as he awaited her E return. Ho was thankful to have been spared h this additional pain. When after about a quarter of an hour, Lady Sandys came back to him, he asked hastily how she had left her grand-daughter. " She has heard it like- like a Sandys," answered the tiny lady, wiping her eyes for the first time, and repressing a sob. " It must have been very painful," he said, feelingly. " Yes, it was." she replied. " Can I do anything further ? If not, I must say good evening. I want to visit Mr. Sandys to-night." " Mr. Leicester, how will they proceed with this charge ?" Ie observed that she did not prefix the adjective "shameful." as ninety-nine women out of a hundred would have termed a similar accusation. He made a few hurried steps across the room, and then answered her, with are newed look of grief. " It must go before judge and jury." "You mean the Assizes '" " Yes." " Where will Humphrey be taken to ?1 " To Lancaster." " Thank you, Mr. Leicester. Good night." "'Good-night. Lady Sandys." He "escaped from the presence of this fragment of steel or ice, and shook his head mournfully as he once more tookbis seat in the carriage. In the Priory drawing-room Lady Sandys sat before the fire, thinking deeply. Bhe would not weep, nor even pray under this blow; it had fallen upon her with ' crushing surprise, but she bore its anguish in silence; even to her own heart she re inained calm, unhumiliated, and unsubdued. ' CHAPTER XIX. It was a dismal afternoon. Rain was rustling down upon the grass, falling incess antly from grey clouds. Mists streamed up from the low pastures, and blurred the sides of the hills. As night approached the dreariness of the weather increased, and fog began to roll and spread up the valley, and gather in drifts among the dripping trees. On the banks of the river near the weir was a little crowd of people. Some of their number directed and encouraged half-a- dozen labourers, who were dragging the water with wide nets. The low thunder of the weirs sounded above the noise of the voices; and the water, swelled by the rain, rushed down the fall yellow with clay mud, and thick with froth. The twilight deepened, and the searchers were about to give up,their work, when a shoutfrom one of their number made everybody start forward. Then, slowly, and with difficulty, some heavy burden wasdrog god up from the depths of the water. Saranna Gibson had been missing since the night of the murder, and at lbut two men had come forward,and related what they had heard, that evening, near tie weir-pool. Their story was suficient to cause a search; but the river had been dragged all clay with out success. Now, in the wet fog of the twi light, Saranna's body was found. Jonathan was among those upon the bank. He moved forward with a bewildered look, and the curious gazars fell back to let him pass. When the still figure was laid upon the grass, he bent over it in silence. One of the searchers, with an involuntary exclamation, pulled off Iis coat, and flung it over the dead face. Then Jonathan straightened himself, and passed his hand. across his forehead. " Hoo'd best coom whoam," he said in a, subdued voice. Somebody got a plank and'the body was laid upon it and covered with a piece of sack ing. Then a slow procession formed, and moved in the direction of the town. The fog thickened, and the trees and rocks seemed to loom in and out of the shifting vapours, like ghosts. Jonathan's hair and beard dripped with the damp, as he followed in the steps of the bearers. His chin rested on his breast, and lie breathed heavily as he walked along. When they reached the main street the crowd at their heels increased. Two ligures coming in an opposite direction, stopped short, as they met the advancing thrng. One of them was Mr. Leicester, and he pointed to the plank, and asked if there had been an accident. "'Tis Saranna Gibson," he was told by half-a- dozen eager voices, " hoo's bin foind Mr Leicester turned to Jonathan, " I'm corry to hear this, Gibson," he said, "very sorry." Jonathan lifted his heavy eyes and stared at the lawyer. Mlr. Leiceater's companion, a tall, clean- shaven man, eyed the old weaver with intentness, and some interest. Then suddenly Jonathan spoke. " Hoo's dead," hle said briefly. " Yes. I am very sorry." " There's no ca to be sorry. It war 1h' best thing as could coom to her." "' What do you mean?" " I'se none say what I means, now. Is Mesther Sandys boun' to be tried afore a judge and juryas they're sayin' i' t' village?" " Yes" responded Mlr. Leicester briefly. Jonathan passed his hand across his brow, and shook the beads of wet from his fingers. " I'so be theer.'" he said dreamily, " l'se be theer." And then he passed on after tile bearers. " That is a strange fellow," Mr.Leicester's Scompanion remarked, as tile two men went on again, after this momentary interruption. " Yes. I wonder what lie meant by those last speeches. He's half-wittedl." " Has he any connection with our case ?" " His daughter had." " Aye. In what way ?" Dtr. Leicester briefly related Humphrey's explanation of the passage between Mr. Sandys and his wife which Lewis had inter preted as a quarrel. By the time he had I tinished speaking they had reached the Priory. The butler admitted them, glancing Iat the stranger curiously, oand showed them Sstraight into the room where Lady Sandys and Esther were sitting. Betty Jlupp was there also, for Esther had refused to part with hler, and the baby lay asleep, tucked op among the cushions of the couch. The ` old woman would have lifted her charge and withdrawn, but Esther, in a low voice, bade her not disturb the child. She, therefore,sat down on the other side of the sofa in silence. a The room was in firelight, and the flicker. n ing glow distorted everything, and lent ° impishness to all the objects noon which it t played. Betty's face was a witch's head grinning above the couch; andthe shadows of o some chairs were three devils dancing in a k corner. Perhaps the uncertain gleams made t1 Esther's expression strange. Lady Sandys thought so, and,with a queer nervous shiver, she hastily asked Lewis to bring a lamp. M.r. Leicester introduced the stranger, before the light was brought in, and Lady u Sandys greeted him with a curtsey. Esther v with a few nervous words. b He was the solicitor who was to draw up b the brief for Humphrey's counsel, and he a had pencil and note- book ready in his hand. Mr. Leicester began to pull off his gloves, and one or two commonplaces passed as Lewis brought ti the lamp. They all watched him ncanechacaly while he adjusted tile wick I and drew tile curtains. The baby moved a ' little and made an inarticulate sound. Betty glanced at Esther, but only met an earnest look, and quick shako of the headL The old woman saw that her note desired her pre sence, and she began softly to hush the child where he lay. " Now," said Mr. Leicester, with assumed cheerfulness, " if you please, Mrs. Sandys, we want all the information in your posses sion." Esther moved restlessly, and her checks flushed. " [ will tell you what I can," she said. And forthwith she related, carefully and I slowly, all tile incidents she had wi:nessed wlhich bore in any way upon the murder. The two solicitors heard her in silence, but the stranger--?lr. Berkeley-glanced at her h sharply now and then. When she hail linished speaking, lie asked a quick question. " Does anyone else know of all this ? " " NO-nO use." Lady Sandys. had remained silent, and Esther had been too much occupied in giving I a clear coherent account of events to ask any questions. But at the lawyer's exclamation of disappointment, sithe turned "to Mr. Leicester. " I should like to udderstand, please," she said, pressing her hands tightly on her chest. " It has all been son terriblh'and so confused. I have understood nothing. What good can all this story do Humphrey-? "" Mr. Leicester .looked at'her with compas sion, touched by the strong constraint slhe was putting upon herself. Thenhen hiade' her sit down again in her chair, and tried to explain the matter to her. " We want all thile witnesses we can get," hlie said; "you see, the case against your husband is a very strong one. It has been practically proved that the charge which killed Mr' FitzRoy was sent fromi Mr. Humphrey's gun, aud. as you know, the last time the two gentlemen were seen to gether Mr. Humphrey was carrying his own fowling-piece, while Mr. FitzRoy had given his to the servant. Mr. Humphrey's account of the matter is that lie and his cousin parted company soon after they had passed the Chellow Deoo Works. MTr. FitzRoy borrowed the gun, saying that hlie might come across some game on the moors near Heath Brows. and that it was too line to go home. Mr. Humphrey ac quiesced, and turned towards the valley, but sat down near the weir, and only roused himself when the twilight began to fall. He was then tempted to spend half-an-hour or so at the ' rush-berring," having dined, and not fearing that you would be anxious. The murder must have been committted as he sat by the river; unfortunately, it was a lonely place-and, as he met no one, we cannot establish an alibi. Now, as you know.Lewis's evidence has gone terribly against him. for, as it stands, it supplies motive for the mar der. It was evident that the Coroner's jury believed that there had been a bitter quarrel on account of Mr. FitzHoy's attentions to yourself. The mistress of the penciller's shed hadl been sublpmnacd by the prosecu tion-she has talked about the note,declaring that you said you had dropped it from your own ppcket. The paiper is curiously tinted, you see, and very recognisable. What we must try to do is to prove that the note was intended for another person. It will be a great point in our favour if we can show that Mr. Humphrey was interfering or behalf of , one of of his tenants, not of hilnself. Nosw, do you understand how important your story is to us?" MUr. Leicester had spoken without consul ting his papers, and in the clear earnest voice of one who distinctly sees all sides of the question that is occupying him. LadySandys had listened attentively, while Esther bent forward in her chair, her eyes fixed on him, her hands tightly clasped. She seined as if she wished to speak, but, for a moment, could not find any words. Lady Sandys broke into a little pause. " Saranna Gibson ? Canu?t you subpcena her ?" she asked, " I heard some story of her having-left home." Mr. Leicester shook his head. " She is drowned," he said, in a low voice. " Her body was dragged up from the weir pool, to-night." Lady Sandys expliamed, and Mr. Berke ley looked up sharply from his notes. " Wemustsubpmiea the father, Mr. Leices ter. You remember what lihe said to- night ?" "Aye." "If we can get a witness to swear that this note was intended for Saranna Gibson it will bt, as you say, a point of no little value. Surely this flirtation was gossiped about in the village." Lady Sandys shook her head. " I do not believe anybody knew anything about it," she said, " though there may have been rulnours." " I hiope to goodness we shalll ind someone who knew," said Mir. Ierkeley rather shortly. " We can't afford to lose a valuable piiece of evidence like this." " Wlhy must it be lost ?'" askled Esther, below her breath, fixing Iher earnerst eyes upon tIle stranger's face. " I am -peaking tile truth. I can tell all abhut it." "- Aye, aye," hie answered, more gently thai he h al yet spoken, " but it is not adl missible." " Why '?" " You are hris wife," Mr. Leicester ex plained, compassioastgly, " and the law debars you from becomiug a witness." (To be continued.) 