ESTHER. CHAPTER VI., and last, Esther nodded and followed bint noiselessly up the stairs to the square hall above, which was in deep shadow. Esmond drew the trembling girl into the darkest corner, from^niiich 4hey conld see and: hear all that passed^in the laborat-oiy. A fire sras lighted summer and winter on the broad hearth, for Mr. Grimwade felt the :: chill of evening. The flames leaped np the chimney, the cheerfal blase flooding the room with a ruddy glow, Oue lamp burned on a table.near the windows, the shutters of which were still enclosed. On one side of the .fire- • place, with his back to the door, sat Besant smoking moodily. On the. other, his attenuated bauds clasping the arms of the oaken elbow chair in which he Bat, was Mr. Grijnwade, his eyes bloodshot and wild, his face lividly prlc, and his whole aspect so terribly suggestive of mania that Essie with -difficulty repressed a cry of consternatio ' Robert* Robert,' tbe old man murmured, ' he'll not be here yet 1 Wo, no—itisagood six miles. How high the sun is yet! It dazzles my eyes. Here, cut this one; it is; :• thebeaviest. Now, now, doc't you hear him ? Keep close, man, don't be nervous, or > the game is up !' A low exclamation broke from Grimwade's lips. ' It's no use, Robert t—I can't help it! • Tbe mare is off. The bridle slipped from my hand. Never mind, unfasten-his belt r . Ah, the notes ! Yes, yes—I'll take them ! How dirty they are! He must have kept tbem a lifetime! Ten thousand pounds ! Ten thousand pbnnds ! . Ah, how he stares upwards at tbe sky. Cover bis eyes, Robert, or the sight, of them will drive mc mad \' ' Hold your peace, yon fool'' saidHesant, :•; wipingthe moisture fromhis brow,.Do yon • want to enlighten the world with your senile •••••:• raviugsF ' y- ' Sec, Robert—see; you're leaving the pocket flaisk—solid silver! The initials •(- 'T, P.' can easily be effaced. Yes, yes, and . his handkerchief, 'twill look lite a footpadV work ! What a strange pattern; and look— •i here is a stain on the gay border ! What is it ! Something dark; my bands are dyed . tho same color!' ' I'll give yon something to quiet you in a: i r* minutes if you don't stop your chatter.? Kpouded Besant., with a dangerous gleam : m his eyes. 'Ah,Robert, there he is, standing ov^r there by the ding chest. His face is terrible, dreadful ! There; there, we'll .go shares; We'll not quarrel, Robert., my boy, half and half—five thousand each ! What could be fairer ? Ah, I feel his cold hands about my throat I • He is killing me! I—I——' The old man's quivering voice broke into an unearthly shriek of terror, and, starting to his feet, he rushed to the .window, ottering yell after yell. Esmond turned to the balfrfaiuting girl, • and bade bet run andtakcshelterinMartlia's room until he caino for her. At that instant Besant, who had watched the old man's \- frenzy with livid apprehension on his evil face, strode forward to close the windows; when Grimwade,.with foaming lips and eyes wild with madness, shooted— ' Keep back ! Don't tr-nch me, murderer I I call tho world to witness that it was yon who struck the first blow!'' 'A maniac's langh broke from him, followed by shrieks that woke the echoes:; •••:'.: ar.d Besant; who bad been roused to fury by fear that the old J man's- damning - words might be heard, muttered, with a fierce, im- precation— ' Dead men tell no tales!' Before Esmond realised his intention he bad-drawn bis hand: suddenly from behind? his back, tho report of a pistol rang out in ' > tbe .room, and -Isaac Grim wade; with an agonised cry, fell back—dead I" Besant turned bis head stiffly towards the door,, the pistol still in his hand. \ .His : startled glance fell nponthe'sileut-witness on the threshold. Esmond stood for one instant paralysed by the terrible sight, bat bis indecision was only momentary.. He darted forward and closed with tbe murderer in a deadly struggle. >Tbe revolver was dashed from Bcsani's hand, aud lay npon the floor at some distance • • from the two men. Essie, whose presence of \- mind returned to her when she saw Esmond's danger, rushed forward, seized -the weapon, . and, throwing open the window, discharged tbe content^ of the remaining barrels into -the air. The struggle "between the men was for life / or death. Besant's evil eyes fell upon Essie • with a glance of malice that made her sick at heart. Esmond freed bis left-arm with a j:: iHiij-hty^effort; and, with one desperate blo.w, - stunned bis opponent. • Besant's grasp reused j be swayed and fell heavily to tbe y gronpd; w!jerebe lay; as inanimate almost as Lis'victim. i.f.'. Essie darling, rnn ; there is no one to . .molest you now ! -Run and call M \-- _ to letch Jacob, This roffiau is pn- J conscious .now, buthe won't remainilong so; I shall want Jacob's help to -get bitn undqr lock and key.' VI :will go, John dear,' faltered 15ssie, who with difficulty kept herself from fainting. ' But is there nothing to-be done for uncle Grimwade? Ho cannot be dead—it is too horrible!' John crossed the room and bont over the body. ' He is stone dead, Essie—shot through the heart. Don't waste time, my dearest; each moment is of consequence. I would go myself, but I should -be afraid to leave this fellow'—touching Besant's prostrate form with his foot. .The girl needed no second bidding, but sped away. » Martha met her at the baize door; she had been roused from her sleep by the report of Hesant's piBtol. ' Mercy on ns, Miss Essie I Be ye a ghost ?' she cried; falling back, with her eyes fixedvnpon the girl's dishevelled hair and pale face. n. ' It is I, Martha. .It is no wonder that you don't know me. Ob, there is no time for explanation! "Something terrible has happened in the laboratory !•: Don't ask me any: questions; I am out of breath. Gpme; you must go,and rouse Jacob. Tell him to come immediately—Mr. Esmond wants him.' • Martha was too scared to demur. She mechanically unfastened "tbe bolts of..-the back door and rushed out to tha coachhouse: Essie had accompanied her,to .the door,[ and, as she appeared on the threshold, Ben, weary of his long watch, bounded up to her and almost smothered. her with boisterous Long before Besant recovered consciousness, be bad been carried, bound, hand and foot., to the wine-cellar. • A -doctor bad rbeen called in to see if anything could.be done for Mr. Grimwade; but at the first glance, hecorroborated Esmond's opinion—that life was quite extinct) - \- '. •••r.-...•..» ",. - * " . .. v'-i . When the ruddy tints of early autumn, tinged the foliage, John Esmond persuaded sweet Esther Vane to fix the day whereon she would leave the old .life behind,- aud take upon herself the joys and cares, tbe topes aud responsibilities of the years to come. : The wedding was fixed for the twentieth of September, aud Essie, at the invitation of the Vicar and bis wife, went to stay at the Vicarage until she was.married.: Tbe Manor House bad been under repair for some time; The state rooms, so long given over to solitary grandeur, were now thrown open; aud echoed with : cheerful; voices and merry laughter. Essie spent the greater part of each day at tbe .Manor, sometimes.accompanied by the Vicar's three handsome, but rather inane: daughters*:: who .with Violet, were to be her bridesmaids. At the latter end of July, John had received a communication from a firm of solicitorsin Chancery Lane, to the effect that Sir-Andi e jt Wy man had died and bequeathed to Esmond, his godson,- the sum of - fiftythousand pouuds and the freehold of his house in Berkeley Squpre. This mouey bad; cleared away all Esmond's' monetary, difficulties, and: once again the star of the:' house of Esmond was in .the ascendant.- • Violet enjoyed to the utmost, this- happy change of fortue; she was here, there, and everywhere, directing, planning, ^arranging to iler heart's content; • She and Esther: rode : with: Esmond every day now, and during the lovely- autumn weather life was sweet indeed to them: all.. They could notfail. to be happy, with youth, wealth, and health to attend tbem, and love- to strew -their path with roses. -x * -« -x At the County Assizes,Robert Besant wasfound guilty of the wilful murder of Isaac "Grimwade and condemned ^0:deat1i. It was also proved that he had beeu concerned .iu causing the death of one 'Richard Prothero eight years before, and that be bad, with the assistaucr of Isaac Grimwade; bis accomplice,:: robbed the victim :of the.sum of .ten thousand, pounds* -worth of notes, which >.the unfortunate man was conveying from his house, io; the county bank. Mr. Grimwade bad amassed a large .sum of money during his lifetime, but; when : bis will was read, it was found that he had bequeathed all be died possessed of-to Robert Be6ant. As Besaut had no lieir or living relative, bis property lapsed to the •;• Crown. Compiok LlKGDAIiD. 