\- ' < PERSONAL NOTES FROM LONDON. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, May 12.— The groat Sydney snow ball, in spite of tlio well-meant efforts ot the editor of London "Truth," continues Its wild career round the world, and is apparently de stined to follow the example of tho brook— For men may coine und men may go, nut l go on lor ever. Tho snowbail has made its appearance lately in British Guiana and in tho West Indies, and some of the laLest specimens of the chain letter which have reached Air. Labouchcre- are dated from tho convent of Our Lady of Alercy of the Sacred Iloart, county Tlpperary, a fact which is likely to give the hail fresh impetus among the Roman Catholic community. The Rev. W. II. Fltchctt had scarcely set foot in London, whither he has come to see through the press the proofs of his new book dealing with the Napoleonic wars with England, when lie was "nailed" by an enterprising "Dally News" interviewer, and persuaded to speali a fow words about his "deeds" and about A usual ia in general. Mr. Fitcbett says the interviewer "is very modest over Ills great Imperialist work. lie tries to convey to one, with evident sincerity, that really anyone might have done the same had they hit on the subject, and trealcd it popularly." Air. Fitchett believed that bo had boon specially influenced in style by Do 'Quinccy, and thou the conversation turned to Australian topics. Mr. Fitchett is likely to got into trouble abroad if bo talks in this strain too loudly. "Tho English stock is flavored with other whitu races— In Africa with tho Dutch, in Canada with tho FrmiPll. Ill Australia WO hrtv#»-n«nnn#fl f lirx nunr. spill of tho chcap European 1-aces." He was on safer ground when ho anticipated that tiie Aus tralian 'clithate. would make tho Australians a nation of artists. Ho. thought it well said that "tho Australian will become an Italianatcd Eng lishman," evidently not agreeing in this respect with The Elizabethan writer who declared that "an Itolionatc Englishman is the devil Incar nate." Mr. C. A. Cooper, of tbo "Scotsman," who recently made an extensive tour of the Austra- lias and Now Zealand, is about to retire from the editorial chair. "In Scotland" (soys tho "Chro nicle") "tbe 'Scotsman' is not so much a news paper ais an Institution as rigid as Calvanlsm or Bums' anniversary, and the vigor of Its phllllpies against Home Rule and Disestablishment, re peated d'ay by day with tbe greatest bitterness and persistency, had unquestionably a strong in fluence on public opinion in Scotland. Mr. Find- lay is spoken of as Mr. Cooper's successor." On; Wednesday evening the proprietors of the Oxford Music-hall entertained tho Australian team. Tho hall was gaily decorated for the occa sion, and the three boxes set apart for the visitors were festooned with the Australian- colors. All the team turned up, and Murdoch dropped in to share with them the reception accorded by a packed house. There are 29 turns in tho Oxford nrogrammo, but this was not enough, and several additional artists gave their services, among them Miss Aline Olney, who came on tho stage dressed as an Australian Volunteer, and sang "England is tho Mother of Australia," amid tremendous.. enthusiasm. Will Evans won much applause for a topical song. Into which he'' imported witty references ts tho achievements of the visitors at the Crystal Palace during tho afternoon. Captain C. F. Cox, Second-lieutenant S. Os borne, and Second-lieutenant J. Rundle, of tho Now .South Wales Lancers, were presented by Lieutenant-Colonel Porter at tho levee held, lost Friday by Uio Duke of Connaught. 5 General Hutton is apparently no favorite either at .tho. War Oillce or at tho Colonial Office. At any rate, they seem to havo combined to ad minister a snub to the able commander of the - Dominion Militia. .It has twice been stated In tho House of Commons recently that an im portant statement made by General Hutton in his formal rooort to Ills chief, Air. Frederick Bowdon, tho Minister of Militia, was "made with out authority," which In plain English moans that ho had no business to, make it. In view of those disavowals. It Is Interesting to noto that General T-Iutton has the full confidence and sup port of Mr. Bowden, who has fully accepted the report referred to, in which the principles go verning tho defence of Canada aro laid down. Among the recent arrivals from Sydnoy is Mrs. G. W. Nieoll, wife of the Mayor of Canterbury, who, I understand, Intends to spend several months in the Old Country; and Miss Katie Mac- rcdie, the violinist, who intends to continue her musical studies under ono of the London masters. Mr. H. C. Benson, the manager of . Messrs. Tysers' steamers in Sydnoy, has just arrived in London on a business mission; Simultaneously with his arrival In town, it .transpires that the Canadian-Australian. Royal Mall Line, which went into liquidation in January, 189S, is to he put up for public sale. There may be nothing in tho coincidence; but I should not be greatly surprised if the guiding genius of the Tysor l!e Is found taking a prominent part In shaping tho . flnct Inv tif f hr. r A D if D ws. wwi.u, vsvuximiiy. The Now South Wales Lancers are to take part 'In the Royal review of the London Volunteers on the evening of July 8th, hy the Prince of Wales, in Ilyde Park. It is expeotcd that 30,000 men will fall in, and it has been suggested that other colonial volunteer forces and- evon some of the crack volunteer corps from tho U.S.A. might bo Invited to join in tho display. M. Lempriere Pringlo took the part ot the King In the performance of "Lohengrin" that opened tho Covont Garden opera- season on Alonday night. "Ho showed much dignity." says "The Times," and Ills firm voico told well, although it was oc casionally sadly, out of tune." Arr. Willio Walshe, who was ono of tho hapless hand of vocalists who imagined that the National Opera Company would provide them with comfort able berths for quite a long time, but dis covered very soon that tho "ghost" did not tako kindly to pedestrian oxercise, sailed on Saturday last for South Africa, to fulfil a six months' en gagement with tho Rousby Opera Company. Tho Bath Corporation, in pursuance of Its scheme for affixing mural tablets on the many houses In the city possessing historic Interest, havo just placed one on the facade of 1# Bennott- a tract, whore Adihiral Phillip lived for some six years before his death in 1814. : Louis Becko has just published, through Mr. Fisher Unwlu, a further series of South Sea stories and sketchos under titlo "Ridau the Devil." Like its predecessors tbo book is very readable, but the contents on the whole are not up to tho stand ard of "By Reef and Palm." Frogoll, "tho lightning transformlst," who has returned to Florence after his extended tour, with, 'tis said, a cool million (francs) In his trea sure-chest, played a nice little jolto on his wife a fow days ago. Mrs. Fregoll Is a charming little body, but hard to please In the matter of ser vants, and had boon phopptng and changing al most every day for weeks past. Orie lino morning a sensible- looking young'woman, with an engag ing manner, presented herself as a candidate for tho Fregoll handmaidenshlp, and was promptly engaged. Airs. Fregoll was delighted with the fashion in which the . girl did her work, and thought sho had found a real treasure. Soon after a note was brought, saying her husband would not ho In until the afternoon, as ho was lunching with X . That evening he had not arrived, when a mes sage came from tbo theatre asking whore ho was, ns ho had failed to keep an appointment there. X , on being looked up, declared that ho had never "been near him all day. It was now getting' lato, and almost time for tho performanco, and still no, Fregoll. By this tlmo his wife was thoroughly alarmed, hut was comforted by tho soothing words of tho new maid. Finally the latter was ordered to go to the theatre to soe if thero was still no news. Before setting out the maid went up to Fregoli's dressing-room to "make sure tho master Isn't there." Mrs. Frogoll followed her leisurely, and finding the dressing- room door closed, was about to open it. As she laid her hand on the knob tho door was flung open, and thoro stood — Fregoll. Tho maid had vanished Into thin air, leaving behind her a nlco now print dress and a really artistic wig. "Carnac Sahib," tho gorgeously mounted Anglo- Indian play which Becrbohra Treo anticipated would fill Ills coffers to overflowing during tho next fow months, has, it seems, proved unpalat able to tho public. Air. Jones' play, at any rate, Is to bo superseded on Saturday next by Haddon Chambers' first dramatic success, "Captain Swift,"', in which I understand Genevieve Ward will play tho part of Airs. Seabrooke. Your old friend Q. S. Titheradgo is now filling tho rolo of the Abbo In tho clover adaptation by Aubrey Boucicault and Osmond Shilllngfard of "Les Premieres Armos do Richelieu," which was produced at tho Court Theatre last January, and has now bepu transplanted to the Garrick. Tho other day "the firm" were sued by a Mr. Corilner to racovcr £100 for fees for acting as a director of tho company. Tho defendants dented liability on tho ground that the plaintiff was not qualified as a director, and put in a counterclaim against Air. Cordncr for a share In their losses on tho production of tho "Scarlet Fea ther" and "Franclllon." In event Air. Corduor won his suit, and Messrs. Williamson and Alus- grovo won theirs. But as tho judge only gavo judgmont for Air. Cordner for £137 10s and costs, and awarded tho "Old Firm" £210 and costs on the counter claim, tho Australians got consider ably tho best of tho deal. Australasians aro represented at tlio Inter national Exhibition of Impressionists at Knlghts- brldge this year, though sparingly. Tho some what gushing writer ot tho "Personal Notes" In tho "British Australasian," by tho way, has rather given away Messrs. Arthur Streoton and Bertram Alackennal. After montioning the fact that Air. Streeton has a fine pastoral painting at tho now English Art Club, tho writer goes on to say that Mr. Streeton has sent "Harvest," "III11 and Cloud," and a chalk design of "Venus and Adonis," and Air. Hackennal' the marblo bust of Melba, which Is authoritatively described as "an Ideal effort in sculptured nortraituro," to tho In ternational Exhlbtion, "where acceptance moans a very special compliment, since nono but work of indisputable merit is ever shown there." But alas, tlio par proves somewhat premature, for neither the "ideal effort" nor ono of Air. Stree- ton's pictures are to-be discovered In tho Inter national! This, of course, does not moan that thoy were rejected because they didn't reach a sufficiently high standard. The members and guarantors ot tho socicLy sent such a number ot tlielr own works, In addition to thoso of European painters of established repute, that no doubt the pictures of outsiders like the colonials wero simply "crowded out." However, Mr. Arackonnal is represented hy one small marblo relief, "Good-night," , a. Httle girl kissing her brother "good-night" on Ills brow. Air. Rupert Bunny's "Storm" Is on tho line In a conspicuous position. A tail, slim girl, clad in a thin black and whito striped print dress, and holding tight to her broad-brimmed straw hat, is hurrying home across the sands from the rain storm which is blackening the waters ofitho bay behind her. Air. Bunny has succeeded in paint ing a good portrait, and a breezy bit ot subsidiary landscape. The only other Australasian, Air. George, yon I-Iaast, shows a clever little water-color sketch of a Scotchman, in bonnet and lcllt, seated 111 a chair reading a book. Air. Arthur Studd is scarcely an Australasian, but, tho subjects of his pictures and pastels, South, Sea, Islanders, have a distinctly southern flavor. 41<m T>n«iB Qnlnn Ivtr « WAV T llftfiT t1l£ A 115- trallan contingent comes out well, Messrs. Bunny, Coats, Officer, Inlrn, and Miss Dora Aleeson all being represented. Tiie lastnamed's portrait of her sister Ruth hangs just abovo tho lino. 