MEMS ABOUT MUMMERS. fThe Poverty of Riches,' by the author of 'Elder Miss Blossom,' has been produced at Blackpool by the Kendalls. A competent authority comparing the Hamilton & Grundy versions of * The Three Musketeers,' says that the essential points of difference appear chiefly in scenic arrangements. The Hamilton Musks, circulate in a certain drawing-room atmosphere, whereas the Grundy Musks, whirl round in a series of elaborate tableaux involving hugely effective scenery. Reuben Fax has been appearing in New York in 'That Man at the Bijou.' Minnie Palmer is showing in New York with a one-act play called 4 Rose Pompon.' She got a big reception on her reappearance in America. The ' Belle of New York ' when the mail left was running to over £300 a night at London Shaftesbury. Mr. Lambert Thompson and Mr. F. Peterson have translated the German play 'Die Lieder des Musikanten,' which was performed last month at the Central Hall by the German Dramatic Club. The English adapta tion will shortly be performed at the Blind School, N.A., in aid of their literary Society. The songs will also be sung in English, with words by Mr. Lambert Thompson, the play" is very popular in Germany, having teen performed in Berlin 400 times suc cessively at one of the leading theatres. There is a Dewey Theatre in New York now. Ada Rehan is playing the lead in ' The Great Ruby' at Daly's Theatre, Broadway. The dramatisation of 'Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde' has caught on in the States. At the Playgoers' Club, London, recently Manager Frank Curzon in speaking on ' The difficulties of touring companies,' denounced the profession as 'boozers, tipplers, and liars, that many actresses were the same when not worse, that resident managers were thieves who robbed the touring manager,' and lots of other things. J. B. Mulholland soon got to this young fellow in replying, and com pletely pulverised Curzon's assertions. Cecil Raleigh (playwright) and Charles Hawtrey (Chairman) got talking too, and altogether this young man had to go outside to feel cool. The Knight-Ferrar Company will appear at the Theatre Royal on the 20th of this month. After a season here the 'bewchus' Julius and Ada Ferrar go to London. Herr Albert Friedenthal has won the praise of all critics in every part of the world. Here is one worthy of quoting, and we reproduce in the following the criticism of a Chinese aesthetic, who had been present at a concert given by Herr Friedenthal at Canton (China). The Ling Nam Yat Pao in Canton writes :—On the 11th instant at 9.15 p.m. the celebrated German Piano-virtuose Friedenthal San gave a concert at the house of the Deputy - Commissioner General Mr. Rocher, in which all the rooms were filled with the luxury of the Occident. It was a marvellous clear night; the moon sparkled on the sky like a looking - glass. Absolute quietude reigned in nature, and the spectators also listened with silence when the charming music began. Now it sounded like the murmuring of water flowing over stones, now like the whispering of the chryptomerias softly moved by the aephyr; and his loud playing resembled the thunder of the waves in the ocean. Now the player was sitting at his instrument as quiet as the tops of the mountains, now he developed a liveliness and vigor of playing like the player in Yung-Len. His soft and sweet playing formed a heavy contrast to the ill-famed music at the borders of the River Fu. And more— Friedenthal San possesses the talent of Chungi, who, as is known, was able to play everything. He plays like Shih Kuang who, on his queer instrument, knew how to call forth the songs of the nightingale. At the concert all the diplomats, consuls, deputies, officials and the merchants of Shamseen with their families were present, so that the vast halls were completely filled. A'l held in their hands a paper, in which they read what Friedenthal San was going to play, just as in the European hotels the guests read a paper to see what they are going to eat. After every piece they beat loudly with their hands, producing a loud noi e, and so they gave the celebrated artist to understand what pleasure they en joyed with his music ; but I thought this noise was rather a bitter contrast to the beautiful music which preceded it. I, the humble writer of these lines and editor of the Ling Nam Yat Pao, was also invited by the Consul of virtuous Germany, and stayed in the saloons until the end of the concert. Just as Chenlien understood how to lead the people in moral ways through his music, so was I also pre vented from doing anythig wrong that night. Of London's newest lady Hamlet, hear this from a scribe:—' She is Clare Howard, a clever actress, long versed in blood and thunder melo dramas, and has, with her husband, George Daventry, toured with a play of the kind called 1 The Indian Mutiny' for some fifteen consecutive years. She has now decided, however, to play Hamlet for at least one night per week on this tour, and a few nights ago she appeared as the Moody Dane at the Imperial theatre, which forms part of the Royal Aquarium, hard by our House of Parliament. Miss Howard, herself, was not bad, but she, like all her company, played this tragedy as a pure blood and thunder melodrama, to the accompani ment of musical chords, hurries, bits of "agit," and other similar melos. Also this Hamlet, and the Ghost, who afterward changed to Laertes, dropped in all sorts of gags in words and business, together with odd, strange lines from the old quarto. Thus you. very often saw the Ghost popping on to put the "fluence " on Hamlet, so to speak; and anon Queen Gertrude declared her innocence of any com plicity in the murder of her late husband. Moreover, when Claudius sent Hamlet to England with Rosen crantz and Guildenstern, he wrote them a paper of instructions for the speedy killing of Hamlet. Hamlet* however, got hold of the document and. altered the killing c rder to fit R. and G., whereat the audience, most of whom had never seen the play before, yelled with delight at Hamlet's spoofing of his wicked uncle, whom they roundly hissed from time to time, as they do villains in melodrama. The said audience was especially delighted when the Prince of Den mark, after a short broadsword com bat with Laertes, stabbed him so that he rolled about the stage and expired in great agony. Also when Hamlet plunged a dagger in the King s black heart. They were sorry, but Hamlet presently expired inmost picturesque attitudes. It was all very startling, and I came away at midnight in quite a volcanic whirl. Harry Shine joins Williamson and Musgrove in a few days to play Johnny Coleman's part in the ' Forty Thieves' extravaganza, which will take a run at Melbourne Princess'a when the short Knight-Ferrar season is over. Miss Catherine Stewart, who was here with the Cartwright Company, has joined Arthur Bouchier's com pany, and was appearing as Lady Margaret in a piece called ' Brother Officers' at the Theatre Royal, Birmingham, when the mail left. An interesting incident in a recent performance of 'Olivia' ac the Coronet Theatre, Notting-hill-gate, London, was the debut of Miss Rosemary Craig, Miss Ellen Terry's little granddaughter, who played one of the children in the piece very prettily indeed, and pleased everybody by her ar less grace and simplicity. 