IWHT LOYE MD : WEALTH. BY ELLEN WILLIAlISi . CHAPTER IV.— (Continued.) CHAPTER YI. 'Do. I understand, sir, that you de cline to sanction our engagement?' he asked. ' 'Decidedly I do.' / 'On vhat grounds?' Tremayne regarded Koran's' ' sweet, troubled face for a moment before reply ,ing. An evil spirit entered into the ' man^ took full possession of the man, as she glanced instinctively at her lover 'for consolation. 'Miss 'Hurst's dependent position,' he said slowly, 'in mjr opinion, renders the projected match an unsuitable one. Tou-are my nephew, Darcy. You may ? one day, if you please become my heir. . ' It resta entirely with yourself. I na .turally expected you to select? a wife whose prospects and social status coin cided with your own. If you carry out your intention of marrying Mis3 Hurst, I shall cease to acknowledge you, or to afford you any pecuniary assistance. As far as I am concerned, you have ceased . to exist. You know what you have to .expect, and you can count the cost. ,1 am sorry you have given me no alter . native but to state my objections thus plainly in her presence.' White with rage, Darcy Stephens drew Norah's hand through his arm. 'I am sorry, too,' he said, 'that I brought 'Miss Hurst here, to be insulted. I could not foresee the reception in store for us. Good-byS, Uncle Martin. .We are unlikely to meet in future, un less you are prepared ' - retract all you have just said, and to apologise to Norah— when she is my wife!' The nest moment Martin Tremayne was alone. But he had seen the girl's face blanch when he threatened to dis inherit Darcy. Would she, he won dered in nis dull fury, permit ker lover to sacrifice so much on her behalf? 'Confound him! His father and grand father were in trade, while mine lived on their own land— had the best blood of Ireland coursing1 through their veins! Your uncle, Stephens, has insulted me through Norah, and I'll -never forgive' him— never. Her' dependent position, indeed!- Fool that I was ever to per; ' mit my daughter to darken Tremayne's door, to render herself liable to that xaunt oy accepting nis accursed wage! A gentleman would have acted different 1 ly; but Tremayne— — ' Patrick Hm-st choked down the- re mainder of hia sentence unspoken,1 put' of deference to the young actor's feel ings. His passionate temper had over flowed on learning the reception ac corded to Norah and her loved by Mar , tin Tremayne, the reason urged by the latter in objecting to their engagement, . declining to countenance it— namely, Norah's reduced circumstances!. It was so hard to reconcile with the . friendly attitude hitherto manifested by . Tremayne towards the Hursts, his ex , ? .pressed desire to establish intimate re flations with them. Darcy Stephens, pained, distressed, listened to this outburst of strong feel ing, his hands in his pockets, his gaze fastened on the : opposite houses. Borah's deprecating look. was. po.werless to stem/the torrent of her father's wrath. 'You don't hold me responsible, sir, for my uncle's absurd prejudices?' he said, at length. 'That would be un y just.' 'I blame you in ' a . mea sure, Carton — I mean, Stephens,' ,, pursued Patrick Hurst: 'You should have given us your real name and . identity instead of the stage version from the first. You should not have ex posed Norah to such an interview with her late employer.' 'Heaven knows I anticipated a very different result, sir; otherwise I should not have taken Norah to Portman ? square with me. I admit I may have 1 acted foolishly in suppressing facts, but I wanted to win her on my own, so to speak, not as a rich man's nephew, with expectations. I have won her, anS all ,the uncles in the world can't separate us — that's one consolation!' ? 'Well, me dear boy'— Patrick Hurst's brow cleared a little. He liked the young fellow, though anger had tempted him to include both uncle and nephew in his \- sweeping condemnation — 'you're staunch enough. Your actions have proved it. But I doubt if Norah will consent to ac cept such a sacrifice.. All your future prospects are at stake.' 'Prospects be Hanged, sir! I can make my own way in the world, I trust, independent of Uncle Martin, since he is so unreasonable. No^jih knows this. Sho baa confidence in me. I shall never regret any sacrifice, as you term it, m curred on her behalf.' ... But those cruel words spoken by Mar tin Tremayne still rankled like poisoned arrows in the girl's breast. That she should have impelled him to disinherit Darcy as the result of their mutual love was a bitter reflection. 'I can't cost you so dear,' she said, falteringly, 'or many you against Mr. Tremayne's wishes, Darcy, at the ex pense of your inheritance. That would be selfishness on my part, not lova I shall never care less for you' — her voice broke — 'than I do at this moment. But 'I won't become your wife without his consent!' Darcy pleaded, argued, stormed in vain against this decision. Beneath Jier surface- tenderness and pliancy, Norah had strength of will and force of pui pose. Failing to move her, and furious with Tremayne for having produced such a frame of mind in -the girl, Darcy re sorted to reproaches. 'You don't love me well enough,' he said, vehemently, 'after all your assur ances to the contrary, to face marriage with a poor man.' ' The accusation Ml flat. He recog nised its untruthfulness, even as he ut tered it, as a dernier ressort. 'Did I know you had expectations when I accepted you?' she asked, with the ghost of a smile. 'It is just because I am aware of them now, and that they are contingent on your giving up all idea of me, that I refuse to marry you, Darcy.' ' , ?' 'I care less than nothing for my uncle's money and favor as compared with you, darling!' He drew her to- 1 wards him, and kissed her in a fit of, remorseful tenderness. Patrick Hurst,! feeling de trop, glided away, leaving them together. But no lover-like eloquence could move the girl from the position she had taken up. Darcy Stephens might, she de-i clared, come to and fro as usual, if he pleased, but their engagement was sus pended,: and marriage not to be thought , of unless Martin Tremayne conceded his sanction to it. Darcy's sentiments .to wards his uncle were 'scarcely of a Chris tian character at this period. . ? . Two persons were inclined to regard Martin Tremayne's reason alleged for his exception taken to Norah Hurst as Darcy's wife as being more or less a departure from ? the truth— -viz., Miss Murphy and Mrs. Fowler. Both women had gone intuitiyely to the' root of Tremayne's 'objection— his own passionate love for Norah, his re luctance to see any other man carry off the coveted nrize. Miss Murphy hardly knew whether most to admire or to re sent the great man's attitude: Anyhow, she was in secret sympathy with his ar dent attachment to her beloved niece. Mrs. Fowler, her faculties sharpened by self-interest, rejoiced at the turn 'affairs had taken. Her astonishment on beholding in Darcy's fiancee Norah Hurst had been great. When, at the end of that short, stormy interview, Darcy and Norah had left the house in Portman-square without seeing her, when Martin Tremayne had subsequent ly stated his objection toHheir engage ment, Mrs. Fowler had rapidly drawn her own inferences. - ? . '. While openly lamenting Darcy's dis obedience and ingratitude, she had men tally sung a jubilate over this killing of two bii'ds with one stone. Darcy had incurred his uncle's last ing displeasure, set him at- defiance, while removing from Jane Fowler's path the obnosiousi girl who, but for this rash young man, might have become Mrs. Tremayne, and mistress of his establish ment. Tremayne's fury and baffled purpose had found.no cloak save this convenient lie at the critical moment when Darcy introduced Norah Hurst to him as his future wife. A proud man- he had not cared to throw his heart down, only to be tram pled upon. To approach Norah as a suitor after what had jusfc transpired would, he recognised, beworse than use less. To spare himself he had wounded her by taking exception to what he was pleased to term' her social inferiority. He had locked away in his desk the diamond ring intended for Norah when the young people had left him, ^cursing, as he did so, the youth, the good looks which gave Darcy the, supremacy over him, hating his nephew with the con centrated force of a strong nature' Yet his purpose of one day; making Norah Hurst his wife stood unchanged and un changeable. ? . . Darcy had won her love, it is true; but, Tremaynereflected, she might hesi-. tate to marry him under' his new aspect of a disinterested man. Her very un selfishness would, he foresaw;- lead her to reject such a sacrifice. ' Let him once succeed m estranging her from Darcy, representing the latter to her in a bad light, and he would soon make his own peace with Norah, remove her present dislike and resentment, in duce her, by playing cleverly on her pride, to be his wife. . Meanwhile, Martin Tremayne missed her daily presence at the office. Even the cheque forwarded in payment of Norah's services nad been returned to him by Patrick Hurst. She had never resumed her duties after that fearful interview. He held out the olive-branch to his nephew by writing to Darcy asking him to. call. And Darcy, hopeful of reconcil iation, kept the, appointment, glad to cease hostilities. Mr. Tremayne had a proposition to make. If Darcy would renounce the idea of marrying Miss Hurst, while con tracting an engagement with his cousin Violet Seymour, a far more eligible match, he, Martin Tremayne, was pre pared to provide liberally for the young people, in addition to handing the bride groom a cheque for twenty thousand pounds on his wedding-day !' It was,, to say the least of it, a tempt ing offer. Men less in love, less honor able, than Darcy Stephens might have risen to the bait. It failed to shake his allegiance to Norah, ' though. At once angry, disappointed, and amused, he declined to entertain the suggested alliance. ' 'I care too much for Norah Hurst, sir,' he said quietly, 'to weigh her in the scales against the fortune you offer me. And even if she were not in question, I should hardly be -justified in approach ing Violet as a lover. She's a jolly little girl, but Violet and I never cared for each other— in that way.' 'She would soon regard you favorably if you paid her some attention, and if my wishes in the matter were explained to her.' 'I think not. ' Violet would scarcely accept a lover at the instance of autho rity brought to bear on her. Moreover, I'm not free to play the part assigned tome.' (To be Continued.) 