FEMININE FASHIONS AND FOIBLES. (By Aunt Jane.) It is not a little singular that for every titled man who writes there are at least three titled women writers. There are, perhaps, only two dukes who have ever dabbled in letters to five duchesses whose names are known through the press ; and, while there is only one earl who can claim to be a man of letters, there are no less than ten countesses who ply clever pens. The army of woman authors with titles includes some who may claim to make a profession of the pen. Lady Colin Campbell has for many years been one of the most industrious of the journalists of to-day, and writes with cleverness and grace on a wide range of subjects interesting to her sex. Lady Violet Greville wields an equally busy pen, and her name is familiar in the columns of many of our journals and magazines. Lady Constance Howard is a recognised authority on all women's subjects, from the cut of a bodice to a point of courtship etiquette. Lady Jeune, the many-gifted wife of the President of the Probate Court, contributes articles by the score to our leading reviews and magazines, and writes with authority on all social subjects. Lady Helen Craven is perhaps the youngest of society authors ; although she has barely emerged from her teens she has written at least one novel of great promise. She loves her pen much more than society, and is as industrious as she is clever. Amongst coroneted writers the Countess of Jersey takes a very high place. In spite of the thousand and one claims of society and of her varied works of charity, she has found time to write several charming books for children, many clever poems, and some articles of travel. The Marchioness of Dufferin and Ava is another talented society writer, with literary gifts almost as marked as those of her distinguished husband. Her books on " Our Vice-regal Life in India" and of her Canadian expediences are marvels of graphic and interesting pen work. The Hon. Mrs. Arthur Hennicker wears at least a part of the mantle of her father, known to the world of writers as Mr. Monckton Milnes, the "Maecenas" of a generation or two ago. Mrs. Hennicker has been President of the Society of Women Journalists, and has written four clever novels, in addition to much journalistic work. Mrs. Meynell, sister of Lady Butler is in front rank of women writers, and is perhaps the very busiest of women journalists. She has written largely for for the magazine, and has still found time to produce several books. She and her husband, Mr. Wilfred Meynell are perhaps the most literary couple in England. The beautiful and gifted Countess of Warwick is as skilful with a pen as with a horse. Her " Life of Joseph Arch" is sympathetic and cleverly written. The Duchess of Sutherland, like her brother, Lord Rosslyn, has decided literary gifts, as was proved by her charming book of travel, " How I Spent my Twentieth Year." The Countess of Munster is a specialist in ghosts, and writes creepingly of of all things weird and uncanny. She has written a few novels, and more ghost stories, and is a delightful old lady in spite of her specialising in "spooks." * * * The Duchess of Abercom and the Counfcoss of Pembroke and Bradford have written lovingly and learnedly on their family histories. From an American paper, I cut the following :—"All sorts of labor-saving devices and arrangements are now brought out for the convenience of the busy women of day. Among the most recent and really helpful of these may be reckoned the pictorial label, which is destined to take the place of the hand-written labels which used to distinguish the different preserves and jellies stored in the fruit closet from each other, and which took so long to prepare. Many a weary, busy, hurried housekeeper will bless the pictorial label this summer, and so will many a vacation-hungry boy or girl, who, in other seasons, had been pressed unwillingly into the service of writing out fruit labels. The pictorial label is simplicity itself. The coloured representation of the fruit indicated explains its object and purpose alone. There is nothing to confuse the eye of the housekeeper as she runs it over the shelves of her preserve closet in search of a particular fruit. Some of the designs shown possess a high degree of artistic merit as well. The labels can be used but once, but they can be purchased very cheaply. The newest idea in forehead fringes is to have one attached, all ready, to the boating or cycling hat. It is curled so securely that the little rings of hair keep in position, whatever the condition of the weather may be. A cyclist who wears a curly fringe of her own hair is apt to present a rather dilapidated appearance on an extremely hot day or after a heavy shower. But the question is, if this chance is not preferable to that of losing both hat and fringe in a gale of wind, and discovering to all spectators the want of attachment between hair and head ? A lady contributor sends me the following :—The drawing room of the A.J.S. Bank was on Wednesday, 3rd instant, the scene of a re-union of "fayre laydes," who responded to the invitation of Mrs. McDonald to a " Song Tea." This novel and fashionable form of amusement is at present very popular, and gives scope to the ingenuity and inventiveness of those who take part. All present entered heartily into the spirit of the entertainment, and vied with each other in trying to guess the songs represented. A silver-mounted purse awarded the best effort on this direction, and the successful recipient in this occasion was Mrs. Leslie, of Back Yamma. The emblems chosen were in all cases good, often amusing and clever, and certainly would have mystified the many. What could an ordinary onlooker think was meant by a photo of a cricket match ? Yet Debdin's famous "Tom Bowling" was cleverly depicted. An old-fashioned daguerreo type of a lady's husband was " My sweetheart when a boy." A tiny bottle of limpid water, "Clear and cool," while one lady, forgetting it was not leap year, audaciously asked: " Will you be mine?" A map of England and Wales fastened to the dress was " The Old Countree." "Ma Ma" was particularly good, and this song represented "The cry of the little ones." But space would fail to ennumerate all the " smart" things thought of, and the ingenious devices arranged. One of the most attractive features of the entertainment were the floral decorations. They were lovely and consisted principally of wild flowers from Sydney, and showed that we were once more "in spring-time" and also "among the flowers that bloom in the spring." The recherche refreshments provided by the amiable hostess might have suggested to some guest that they were for the hour " in clover." But " time and tide" wait for no one, and all were sorry when the pleasant afternoon meeting ended. 