KETCH'ER -«r 30 MOW ftEiNTlMMJNT MADE A NATION. THE GREECE OF TO-DAY CREATED OF PAST PHANTOMS, j How the Shades of th© Fast Haro Called tli© Present Into Heine—An Unprece dented Experiment — Unique Attempt to Itejuvenate Lancua^e, The Greek nation of to-day is a fact ! created by a tradition—an aggressive j fact because it is the product of a : splendid tradition, says David Turner ; In The Philadelphia Press. I It is said that when the Persian host ! sent by Xerxes to sack the shrine at j Delphi mounted to the attack gigantic j 3j>ectres .of ancient heroes rose in the : little band of defenders, and the dead \ fought beside the living to repel the ’ foes of their country"- These phantom i warriors still fight for Greece in ail I her battles ; and it is no exaggeration to say that this army of ghosts is more effective for her protection than all the cosily armament that she has im XV*v«*rl«ht.Kl h^rtKsir to malniuln. It Is simple truth that here the shades of the past have called the present into Not that Greece herself is a ghost— she is intensely alive. But she affords a unique example of a nation lifted from its grave by the magic of a sen timent after a seeming death slumber of many centuries. It has often ap peared that of all reasons sentimental reasons are the strongest, but history can sen race ly show another instance such as tiiis. Nowhere else, indeed, have such conditions existed. The case of Italy probably comes nearest ; yet Italy, however depressed, could never be called dead ; and Home, through all her victotiiltides has never wholly lost her greatness or ceased to l>e a seat of power. But Athene? had practically become a barren site. In the earlier decades of the present century there remained j only ruins and a wretched hamlet of barely three hundred huts. For some thing like a thousand years Greece had been a little more than a memory, her territory almost unvisited, her nation al identity extinguished—tlunigli her history and literature were eagerly* studied in all the universities of Eu To this widespread reverence for a. past which her own people had in part forgotten—for they- were under the blight of ignorance and oppression— rdv* chiefly owes her restoration to a place aimmg the nations. In 1871 she revolted against Turkish tyranny. Atrocities like those recently p. rpe trated in Armenia followed, and in 1825 Ibrahim Pasha, overran Peloponnesus with an army of Kgyptian slaves driv en to battle under the lash. In the ordinary course of events, despite some gallant lighting, the rebellion would soon have been stamped out in blood and punished by a yet more cruel bon dage. But the sympathies of all Eu* rope had been aroused ; the name of the Hellas was potent tliroughout the civilized world. Dead poets and buried orators were pleading for her. and tho living took up th« strain ; Byron not only lifted up his voice, but laid down his life. Finally sentiment triumphed over policy. The same slow-moving '■powers" in whose teeth she has lately cast her defiance, at last brought their cannon to bear In her defence and in terposed to secure her independence. Never had the sho-des of her heroes won a more nignal victory-. H’WaIv Kn u. h«H-n ft rvnrwlr*R-Il t. in Greek affairs ever since. That alone has mad.? Athens the capital of the new Hellas ; apart from sentiment It Is not the natural metro|iOlis of the country. But the ruins which crown the Acropolis have raised about them a beautiful city which will ever be the Mecca of students and the "Eye of Greece.” Some have disputed the claim of this pevpie to their heritage. and deny that they are true descendants of the Greeks of old. Of course, their blood is not pure—the blood of no nation remains unadulterated through the varied for tunes of a period of 11000 years ; hut I believe that the people of Greece to day are quite as truly Greek as the English, for example, are Anglo-Saxon. Yet. who would dare controvert the claim of the great "Anglo-Saxon race” to them boasted title ? It Is their birthright, and is not vitiated by the fact that their blood has been largely mingled with that of the Dane, the Norman, the Frenchman and the Celt. Neither dees a considerable mixture of Albanian, Slavonian and Wallachian stock void the birthright of the modern Greek ; and if this pretension were as false as it is just, it would still be well to countenance and encourage It. IVhc-n we consider that the fervent pa triotism and national pride to which It has given rise have enabled a down trodden race of serfs to become a spirited, progressive, self-respecting people. It 'certainly seems worthy of all recommendation. These classic ghosts have done a noble work. Perhaps the most remarkable fact about the Greece of to-day is the sur vival of its ancient language. Not that it Is unchanged—but the wonder is that there is so little change—and with greater familiarity the marvel grows. New words, of course, have entered, and the grammar has suffered such modifications as are seen in ali modern tongues ; hut when once you have sur mounted the barrier raised by our ar bitrary and artificial method of pro nunciation, you perceive that there is quite as much Attic In the speech of Athens as Saxon in the speech of I.on don. The modern Athenian can read the Iliad with much leas study than the Londoner can read the Beowulf, that so-called “Anglo-Saxon epic”—and the implied comparison is calculated to make one bo-w his head In shame ; while the Athenian can read the Greek New Testament at least as readily as an Englishman can read Wycl ff■'": translation of the same—and, again, oh! what a difference ! It Is true that the Greek language has suffered much less from the long degradation of its "users ; but in like manner English, as everybody knows, became so impoverished after the Nor man conquest that it was scarcely more than a ploughman's dialect. This defect was ultimately supported by thc llberal importation ‘of foreign terms T.I10 Greeks have set about the task In a different way ; they are bending ali ti$?ir energies to a restoration—as complete as existing conditions permit —of their ancient language. In fact, one of the most extraordin ary experiments ever attempted is now going on in Greece—nothing less than tile resurrection of the dead—in the matter of language. CStn it succeed ? So far as the writer is aware, every such undertaking in the past has mot with failure ; language, it was found, could no more be made to order than a tree could be constructed by chemi eaj process In a laboratory. But it is unsafe to predict.- This age is like no other that the world has seen. New agencies are at work. The mir acles of the past are the commonplaces t>f the present. Fact chases close on the heels of fiction, and even outstrips it. Jaded with novelties, we are for petting how to wonder. The new agency now at work in th« Greek experiment Is popular education. Such an engine has never been avail able for such a purpose before. The Government,, with admirable enter prise, has filled the land with schools —free schools, much like our own—and In them the youth of Greece are taughfc as far as it is found practicable, the rejuvenated language. By this mean* and by the daily" press—another new utd powerful factor—much has already been accomplished. "Whatever may be the outcome the experiment wifi M WUfihad wtth the creetMt latacMC j 