BAXTER'S FLAT RACE CLUB. Th` ipublic are no doubt, aware that recently the Shire of Frankston and: Hastinges has obtained the reservation of the la?id known as .Barter's Flat Bac.cai ea'ssb a site for recreatioaoanid racecourse purposes, having taken over' c""o?tro rom-tee.' existing trisetee (Mdssrs Jones, Baxter, Worrell and Rennison), paying for improvements effected the sum. o £180. For some time.past these has been talk of making an efforti.to. revive the old club and sporting memories of the past, but the matter. did not take definite shape until some two months or more ago, after a meeting of the Frankston and Hastings shire, when it was agreed by members of the council present that President Ham should call a meeting at ah'early date to consider the advis ability or otherwise of reviving the old clu? and 'holding, at any rate, one good race meeting during the year. This was carried out and the meeting called was held at Frankston Mechanics Hall' on Saturday evening last, when thereowas a good attendance, including gentlemien from Mornington, Hastings, Tyabb, Somerville, Mornington June tion, Cranbourne, as well as Frankston. Cr. Ham,as convener of the meeting, stated the object for which those present.had been called together. He said. that he, with a great many others, had 'watched with regret the decline 1 and" consequent extinction of the popular race meetings which were held 1 for many years at Baxter's Flat Race course. He remembered the good old times when sports were attracted from Melbburne and all parts of the dis trict.. But though those good times were dead and buried, the memory still lived, -and it only needed the wind to be set in the right direction to fan the spark into a flame, and resuscitate the club once more. There was a unani monus desire to revive the old club, and he had been pleased to call a meeting to consider that object. Though as president of the shire it might be his right to 'take the chair, he would willingly waive that right so that he could .n.oro fully enter into the die cussion of the business before the meeting. On the motion of Cr Sherlock Mr James Grice was elected as chairman. Mr Grice said that after the explan ation' given by Cr Ham they might proceed to business. It was a question whether they would'form a race club of , a local nature or one more general in its character, and embracing the whole .of the peninsula. It seemed to be the opinion that the latter course would be thebiest to adopt. Mr H. Moors moved that in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable that Baxter's Flat race club be re formed. Cr.Woodhouse seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Cr:,'Sherlock moved that Mr Grice be elected as president and Cr D. J. hon. secretary to the club. Mr B. Baxter sen. seconded the motion, which was carried with acclamation. In responding Mr Grico said he would be pleased to assist the club in any way, and might send Crysalite down to take part in the steeplechase. With respect to the working of the club, he had obtained for the first meeting the gratuitous services of Mr Godfrey Watson as starter, Mr Vowles as handicapper, and Mr Fraser as steward. He thought the club would be very successful.- (Applause). Cr Ham moved that a committee of gentlemen, representing the different centres throughout the peninsula be selected to obtain promises of support and deal with the general business of the formation of the club. Mr Moors seconded the motion, which was carried. The names of the gentlemen tfdfrm ti56n f'tbe secretsr jt elect. Mr Flood moved that the annual subscription for members be 10s Gd. Cr A. Jones seconded. Carried. It was further resolved, on motion'of Cr.Ham. that seven stewards be appointed. On motion of Dr Plowman a vote of thanks was accorded to the chairman and secretary, and the meeting ad journed. After the meeting at the Pier'Hotel the i~alth?idoftbe; inew. president? was proposed in very felicitous terms by Cr D J, Ham who hoped that Mr Grice would send some horses to com pete in the races. It would be no use in nominating Crysalite as he wonla be so 'heail? handicapped; that he would not ? tli! ghost of asihio In reply the lesident, sanid he did not thiik he would recmive nuch consideatidn ,at the haud~ iMr Yowles in::the hand icapping; ,Regarding Crysalite, tlhe latter had been such a failure that :be fore the Natsonal anyone co'ddfil$fiiive had him for £50. Even on:the morn ing of the race at Frp'nktonliu grom got an unmerciful barracking because he (the speaker) could not serid some. : thing! decent'to compete at Cauflfield: Ho, esrecthgco achmea i had-inve'sted hif wee)w ages ohi 'Crsalt so'' he SoC" ede" eventully.. 