On the Edge of Doom CHAPTER XVII. . ' AT MIDNIGHT— AFTER MOONJHSE.' The household retired to rest early, at Marchant's Hold, and Ismay was in her bod ?and asleep by ton o'clock, but with a purpose :in her mind that mado her wako to tlio minute as tho clock rang two. Sho had loft hor blinds up, and as she sat up in hor bed sho saw tho. moonliglit lying on tho carpet. Tho rain was over. ' That is luck, I shan't need much light,' sho thought composedly, as slin got up and put on a warm dark dressing gown, and ?woolen Blippers that would make no sound. Sho must investigate that room upstairs, and her only chance was at night, when her mother and. Cristiano wero safe. ' Besides,' sho reminded herself quito gaily. ' I shall havo to use it at night, when I need it ; and I may as well get used to it. It is at night that mother and Marcus Wray will make their plans, at night that they will carry ?tliom out. And at night I always lock my door'; I'm very nervous — in tho dark !' she laugneu noiseiessiy . - j. must impress tnat on my parent.' But it was without a tremor that sho slipped out into tho silent house, and up tho stairs, where thoro wero no windows and .tho darkness was inky, There jvas no sound of music to-night to guido her, as sho stood at last in tho black hall wlioro a dozen shut doors kept tho dark ness inviolate. She felt in hor pocket for hor end of candlo and matches. They wero there, but sho darod not strike a light hero in tho corridor. Ono hand held at arm's length beforo her, sho movod on oautiously till she felt a door. Tho handle turned under hor fingers, and sho went in without a sound; without a sound closed tho door behind hor, though for all sho knew sho stood alone at night, in tho room where Thomas had boon terror-stricken in daylight] With steady fingers sho lit tho candle, and stared round hor as it burned dimly. The room was chilly and close, but it was not tho iroom sho wanted, only an unused bedroom, a littlo duBty, She pinched out hor candlo -and wont! into tho hall again. ' What a fool I am not to roriiember !' she thought, angrily ; ' it's oold up here, and np fun.' Sho tried threo moro rooms in succession ; all had no sign in thom of any musical iinstrumont, nor ghostly habitation. Oould ,-sho be in tho wrong hall ? She oponed tho next door in doubtful irritation, but her hand stoppod with a jork :as sho lifted it to strike a match. Opposito her the moonlight poured through awido, low window, till tho room seomod light as day aftor tho dark hall, and in tho very full flood of the moonlight stood tho littlo spinnot on its high, thin legs, its narrow .ivory keyboard Bliining dustily in tho moon ^rays. An inexplicable torror that sho wad not alono clutched at tho girl'B bold heart. 'Thomas wns right, thoro was something ?queer about .this room ! Without turning — a ?dumb instinct warned hor that to turn meant to run — Ismay strotohed out hor arm back wards, to shut tho door. But it was fast already ; noisolossly it liad swung back on its hinges, without ovon a click of tlio latch. In tho cold musty air tho girl folt choked. 'With quick steady lingoi'B alio lit hoi* candlo ; ito stay in this room with no light but tho ijmoon b was boyond her. As tho lighted wiok tburuod from bluo into homely yollow, sho isighed with roliof. ' I — to bo frightened, by Thomas's silly stories 1' bIio thought contemptuously. ' If ?I had hoard nothing about tho room I should novor havo thought of having cold chills down ?my 'back.' With tlio thought sho had sot the candlo on tho sido of tho old spinnot that was supposed to sound from tho touch of fingors that had long boon mould. It was silonfc enough now. .'Not ft sound oamo from it as sho oponed tho back and poorod into tho depths of tlio case wlioro tho string wero strotohod liko a piauo's. Sho put hor slim long arm down into it, and -folt tho instrumont all ovor. It was a plain old fashioned thing enough, strong and good still. But it apparontly liold^no trace of any mechanism that would make it play alono at night. ' ? ? , . Ismay drow baok and stared at it, In tho fantastic mingling of moonlight and candlo light hor uuoanny beauty was more witohliko, -fclaan ovor, with tho ilnxon hair falling to lior knoos ovor tho dark wrappor liko tho habit of a nun.' ' ' I should say Thomas was ora/.y it x uau not hoard tlio thing myself I' bIio said, aloud, and thoro was nothing but puzzled curiosity in hor voioo. i , ,- ' But its got to bo mado to play again, and I don't know tho national air of tho mioo.' Sho pub a stool carofully in front of tlio . spinnot and Hftt down, fnmbling at tho lcoys. Olcar, thin and swoot, tho notos tiuklod softly nndorhor llngors. onl , . , . ' Tho tuno— liow did it go?' sho tnod for it softly. It had boon a strange tune, with quoor intorvals j an nit' that was vory old and WISho playod a fow bars, atumblingly. ? How cold, how vory oold tho room was, aud ?what was tho mattor with tho oandlo P With out a flicker tho yollow flamo had turned bluo aa sho atarod -vt it, it wont out jbIio could soo ?tho wiolc smoking in tho moonlight. 'Truly,' said Ismay to herself, ' I must have iron nerves ! I'm not frightened. Yet I don't think that was a draught.' Without moving, she tried tho strange tune again, and this time the very terror of death fell on her. Without turning hor head sho knew there was something behind hor ; some thing very cold aud threatening ; something that in a minute would bo at hor throat ehoking her till her hand fell from the key board. She swung sharplp round. Thero was nothing there, ' Thomas's nonsense again, and my fancy,' ? *„i„ c__ x i ' ? . ? puiu uuuuwbmjij', iur mu 1'uum wuu cer tainly empty, ' My nerves are playing me tricks after all.' As she started iu tho darkness beyond tho patch of moonlight she saw something ; tjie picture of a woman hanging on the wall. ' The lato owner of the spinuet!' She got up and lit her candlo. Light in hand she . went close to tho picture, till the painted eyes were plain. Dark eyes they were in a pale, cruel face, with red lips like Ismay's own. The fair haii was piled high on the head ; the dtess was of tho lattor part of the last century. ' So you aro tho lady that walks ! And you are a littlo liko me, which is all tho better.' she murmured. ' Aud if you are a wise ghost you will help mo and not hinder mo, for you and I are all the defence Cristiano loMarchant has.' Her eyes, that wero full of a strange com pelling, were fastened ou tho picture. Childish and fair-fetched as it was, it seemed to the girl that sho was bending something to her own ends, something both wickeder and weaker than she. A strango delight thrilled hor. ' I am not afraid any moro !' sho cried out with soft rapture, ' and I remember tho tune now.' With a noiseless movement alio was at the spinnot, under hor fingers the whole tune tinkled out, and this time thoro was no dread in her of a lurking torror bohiud. Ghost, imagination, mice — whatever it was — sho, Ismay Trelane, was its mistress, by the very courage of hor heart. There was nothing thero, nothing ! Yet there should bo a terror thero that would' walk in darknesB, aud hear, and know, and see, till JVlarcus Wray was thwarted in this house at least. The cold air of tho room had struck to hor bones, and sho drew hor warm gown about hor as sho turned to go. Sho had learned enough to go on. From now, not a word spoken at midnight, or a trap laid would escape Ismay Trelane. She was laughing to herself as she walked to tho door. But as she turned the handle, she stoppod. Tho spinnet was playing. Clear, unearthly, that strango tune tiuklod out, undor hor vory oyes. Whatever it was, it was vory quoor. Sho started iuoroduously as Thomas had dono, but unlike Thomas, sho was not frightened. ' Thank you !' she said gravoly, and with out bravado. ' If vou nra a musical box. or whatever you aro, you aro going to bo my friond.' And without a tromor sho turned to tho uucanny thing when its tuno was done, and peered once more into its depths. Had she beon blind boforo P For now sho aaw plainly enough a small brass bracket, blaok with ago, almost invisible in dust. It was a plain oblong slip, about tho Bi/.o of a railway ticket, and it stuck out from tho in sido of the caso. : Loaning down, Ismay pressed it, ever so lightly. ' . \ _ Almost immediately tlio weird music poured into tho room, Tho girl saw tho wliolo thing now. Tho woman to whom it belonged had had it mado, Bo that she might hoar tho tuno sho loved without playing it. Hor throat to hor servant had beon a grim and mocking jost, Very quiotly she put out hor light and wont out into tho dark liall and downstairs,, and yot sho was trembling. If it woro all a trick why had hor candlo gono out P ' If I had once beon frightonod I should havo died of it, up tliore in tho moonlight !'' bIio said to herself with conviotion. CHAPTER XIX. A'r TIIE GATE OP HEAVEN. Timo hung heavily on Mrs. Trolano's hands for all the comfort and luxury of tho houso. Sho missod tlio freodom, missed tho thoatros, tho littlo suppers at roHtaurants, missod moro than oither tho companionship of tho mon who woro wont to gathor l'ound hor in London — gontlemon adventurers, with reputations out at elbows, but clover, amusing, tho .vory salt of life to Holon Trelano. ? Thoroforo sho said at broakfast with a littlo distostoful sigh, that sho must go to London to seo tho dropsmakor. Ismay lifted her brows. ' I wouldn't; if I woro you.. You oan bully people bottor in writing, 'Hor tono waB vory significant. Tho dressmakor moant an appeal to tho moroy of a man who had none, and thon a mad whirl of amusomont, hor mourning thrown to tho winds. But sho was wrong. ' Mrs. Trolano . had no thought of Wray. ' I really must go,' sho said, ' annoying as it is. Should you mind, Cristiano p' ' Not a bit. You won't stay long, will you? I shall toaoh Ismay to rido whilo you aro gono,' with a littlo affectionate glanco. ' Wo shall bo quito happy.' I ' Oh. no I Not long, of oourso.' ' In spito of liorsolf, hor tono was joyous as a cliild'B. 1 To bo in London, with monoy, to drink, doop of lifo again. No wondor hor voioo betrayed lior. Ismay followod hor to hor room, whoro sbo stood in hor smart mourning. ' Tho ?Gniofcy, tho Oafo Royal, und. cards niter ward till dnvlichtit may ho amusing, alio obsdrvod, cuttingly, ' but tlioy are not worth your nook.' ' ' What do you moan P' In hor annoyanoo Mrs. Trdlnuo almost dropped tho bottle of poaoh blossom soont in hor hand. ' I moan you'll go to London 'nnd woav a whito gown in tho evenings with a string of mook potn'ls round your nook. Booauso tho gossip about Lord Abbotsford has diod away you aro quito comfortablo,' Ismay rotortod ; 'and about now tuo pouoo win uu wuiuutf u» to thoir work. Loudon will uot bo a good rctront for tlio person who killed him 1' ' ' Ismny I' Tho soont bottle crashed on tho floor now from tho loosonod Angora i strong and sickly it floodod tho room. ' Ismay, tiro yon mad P. Whathas como ovor youP 'Sou know that' — hot' voioo foll to a frightonod whisppr— -' that ho whs dond whon I wont thoro,' Sho' looked old and ?\Yrotohod ns sho 1 stood rondy dressed to start. ' ' ' 1 know what yes choose to tell me. Oh ! mother,' passionately,. ' let us both go away from here, go somewhere that is safe and live quietly, you and I.' I'll' work for you ? ' A laugh cut her short. Yet Mrs. Trelane stood wringing her hands. ' Yon know wo can't get away,' she ened, ' and why should, we ? I never' killed Abbots ford !' ' Then why aro you so frightened of Mar cus Wray ?' deliberately. ' You littlo fool. I took tho diamonds !' She stooped and picked up the fragments of ner cud glass oottie, ' lou know all I did,' sho cried, straightening herself to face hor daughter, her clean-cut face very pale. ' What on earth has changed you till you talk liko a Sunday-school book ? What has become of your fino plan for securing Mr. Cylmer, that you try to frighten me into leaving hero with your silly, lying accusation ? You work for mo ?' she laughed, miserably, ' Would you tako in washing?' Ismay's passion of oarnostnoss left her with her old manners, her old cat-like grace, Sho flung hersolf lithely into a chair. .Never mind what Id do, I moant it,' she rstorted. ' As for Mr. Cylmer, you can let him alono. I would havo. let him go — for you — five minutes ago. But I don't think I would — now ! Go to London,' politely, '? but don't forget my advice. You ought to know by this time it's moro lucky to take it.' ' I know you are an ungrateful littleidiot,' said Mrs. Trelane, angrily. And with that for hor only farowoll sho swept downstairs to get into her carriago, Ismay turning pious was a good joko. As for Cylmer, it was simply girlish boasting, Mrs, Trelane felt quito safe on that score as sho drove away. It gas not in the least likely that ho would come to Marchant's Hold, or that Ismay would get hold of him and bring down tho wrath of Marcus Wray. All girls had a hero, usually out of reach. Why should Ismay bo superior to tho rest ? And' as for Wray and his awful schemes, with his absence their very memory liad|vanished from tho light mind of tho woman who lived to please hersolf. It waB all absurd nonsense, he would not daro to go any further with it. All her fears soothed to rest, she proceeded to spend a cheerful aftornoon on reaching London, littlo knowing how she had rocked hor troubles to sleep with lying liopos. In his chambers Marcus Wray sat reading a short newspaper paragraph ovor and ovor, his' fingors tapping at his knee, his lips hard sot. uniy a snort paragrapn, out it meant danger, and, ho frowned as ho road. Helen Trelane up in London, dressed in hor best, was liko a child playing with a smoking bomb ; if Mr. Wray had ; known of it he would havo packed hor straight off to tho country and gono with her himself, which it was woll for Ismay that he did not do. Sho was vory nervous about the suddon freak her mother- had taken ; in some way or othor it was suro to mean.more trouble. Aud sho was disappointed about hor afternoon. At lunch Cristiano had mentioned carelessly that Cylmer had sont a groom ovor with tho horso borrowed tho day before ; that was all, but Ismay know ho had moant to come him self, and. had thought better of it. , She. would not listen, when Cristiauo pro posed lending hor a habit and taking her out riding. , , ' I think I've got a lioadaeho,' bIio said, wearily. ' You go for a rido and I'll walk a littlo by myself. I'll bo all right at toa timo.' Sho strolled out through tho quiot winter lanos whon Cristiano was gono. Sho was vory palo to- day, very languid,, a presentiment of -ovil was heavy at her' heart. Hor mother had boon mad to go -to London ; sho herself was moro idiotio: still to think that Milos Oylmor would ovor care for her. Tired at last, sho sat down on a stile bo twoen two fields and loanod back, staring in front of hor. Somehow her heart was faint within hor to-day, arid why any moro than yesterday P ' Because I shan't soo him, and L want him,' sho thought, dreamily. . ' JL want somothing that will strengthon mo, some thing that I can look baok to, and tlnnk that nothing matters sinco I was happy, onoo. And I will bo happy, I will !' ?Hor scarlot mouth was so dotermined that a man who had como up unnoticed smiled as ho saw it. Yot briefly, for her faco was pathetically weary, moro than over it bore that prophecy of tragedy that Boomed to bo so out ocplaoo for Ismay Trolano. ' Whoro aro your thoughts ?' Oylmor said, 'lightly. ' Oh, did I startlo you ?' For Ismay, who novor bluahod, bad turnod first a faint rose, thon a fiory soarlot, that burnod on hor smooth cheeks. ' My thoughts ?' Confused, sho put hor hands to hor faco. ' Oh, anywhoro. Yos, of course, you startlod mo.' But sho was mistress of liorsolf again now, and slio smilod int.n his ovob ns lio stood boforo hor. can in hand. ' I'm so sorry. Cau you forgivo mo ?' Why did tho girl's glanoo go to his hoad liko wino P Why did ho think of nothing, want nothing, but to sit and talk with tlio daughter of an advontuross whom ho scarooly know ? Ho sat down bosido lior on tho stilo. 'I was going to soo you,' ho said, ' though, I must say, I was shy about it. Sour motlior, with oxoollont reason, liatos mo.' ' , . , 'My motlior has gono to. London,' simply. ' And I don't think Cristiano is over fond of ipy Booioty.' . '? Why not P' languidly. - 'Good taste, I suppose,' and thoy. both laughed. .Somohow, for Oylmor, tlio sting waB pone from Oristiano's coldnosB. It was noithor horo nor thoro now. ; ' T wn« takintf von Bomothincf. Will vou I havo it P' lio asked, and sho saw that lio oar riod somothing. Boforo sho could answer ho had laid in hor lup a1 groat bunch of rosos, crimson, sweet- smelling. Tho girl starod at thom as thoy lay in hor lap. In all hor lifo no ono had ovor givon hor a (lowor, and on thoso mon gavo hor motlior bIio had novor ovon enrod to look. Sho put tho . rosos to hor faoo with a quiok tondornoss no ono had ovor soon in hor. ' Hor vory first ilowors, whon alio hnd lovod thom all .hor lifo— aud it was Milos Oylmor who had givou tliom to hor. Ab sho lookod up at him hor oyos woro vory doop and soft. Sho hold tho i-obos tight in both hands. (To ho continued,) ? ? i 