"THE STORY OF A GLAMOUR." CHAPTER X. And Viola, who had complained of being .so vory tirod, set off with alacrity towards the terrace. Harry wns aglinst. But, Vi — Miss Trontbam — you don't know Lady Mottistono 1' \- 'But I should liko to, immensely,' replied the young lady, with tho sauciest of smiles, ' evon were there no tea in question. Though, all tho same, I trust (lovoutly that there's somo 'iced cup' knock in' around.' , But do, pray, stop a momont. I really can't I' remonstrated poor Haary, in a sore dilemma. ' You don't know what Lady Mottistono is I' ' But I'd liko to find out,' laughed Viola, not slackening lior pace a bit. 'But really, if you don't mind — Miss Trnnthiiin' — voa must oxcuso me 1 ' I won't I' and her laugh was quito irritating. ' I rosily can't 1' moaned Harry. Sho stopped dead-short now, and looked up at him, oh 1 so reproachfully, and her oyes would have molted a rock. 'Harry J Oh, I understand. This is tho valuo of all your protestations— nil your lino talk. You refuse to got mo a cup of tea when I'm so tired.' 'You shan't say that Vi ' inter rupted Harry passionately. 'It's vory cruel of you. Let's go up. I dare say tho old lady won't mind,' ho added, though his heart misgave him. Viula sot hor littlo lips in a self-satisfied manner. ' How littlo men know women,' sho thought to hersolf. 'To bo seen in Mottistono Manor on a day liko this is everything to me — It will give mo a lift up— it's worth every risk ' And a pair asconded tho grass slopo towards the hostess. Harry went first, followed by Viola, with her quietest, demurest expression — a tiling of joy to look npon. Hor companion was closo upon Lady Mottistono when a strange tiling happened. The latter suddenly turned away, and walked with dignity across tho terrace to speak tu Homo friends at tho other end. No ono, seeing hor demeanour, would have given her credit for but five feet three inchos of heieht. ' Botlior tho old cat 1' muttered Viola to herself. But she raised hor eyes to Harry. 'Never mind. Lot's make for tiio champagne cup.' But at that moment Sir Miles Mottis tono, engaged in conversation with a friend, appeared at the drawing-room window, which opened on to tho terrace. For tho sccoud time that afternoon Viola stopped as if she had been shot, but this timo tho notion was entirely unpremeditated. ' Who's that!' shoasked sharply, hor eyes fixed on tho unconscious Sir Miles, and her colour fading slowly undorneath her l'ougo. ' That's my cousin, Miles Mottistone.' Mi Trontham gave a littlo gasp. 'Is he — was ho — in the Guards, d'yo know 1' ' Ho is now in the Ouards.' ' Down here for long 1' 'Just run down for the show ; returning to-morrow, I hoard.' Miss Trentham appeared relieved. ' Do you know Sir Miles 1' asked Harry. 'Oh no,' she hastily rejoined. 'Only just an odd resemblance — like a fellow I know — that's all. Look hero,' sho added, ' I don't know about going into tho house. What do you think 1 Perhaps it wouldn't du, eh 1' Harry gave a sigh of relief. Well, do you know, if I ivero you, I don't think I quito would— unasked, you know.' 'You'ro right, Harry. You generally are,' sho added with a flattering little pat on his arm. ' We won't bother about it now. And besides, it's gotting late, Shnll wo go und see for tho carriages V Tho shadows woro lengthening across tho grass. Tho rooks, coming homewards, wero making a great to-do over this unwonted disturbance under their favourite elms. The sixpenny timo had liegun. Hodgo and his family, work over, wero beginning to troop tho village. Tho militia band wns braying louder and faster than over pot-pourris ot popular tunes. In quiot corners dancing nud kiss-in-tho-ring wero commencing on ah. UII VUG nlja At the terrace gato carriages were beginning to draw up, for pcoplo were thinking about driving homo. Bessio stood near Lady Mottistono on the terrace ns tho latter took Ieavo of hor guests. Suddenly a vory smart victoria, with sliowy liveries and a fine pair of horses, drow up in the ranks, and Bessio felt her cheeks flaino up as sho watched Harry help Miss Trentham into it, and thou seat himself beside lior- Sir Miles, standing near Bessio and his mother, who was as blind as a bat, and only dimly discerned soinothing novel and attractive at that distance, put up his cya-gla-ss to have a good staro at tho carriage and its occupants. Then ho gave a low whistle of oxtrcmo astonishment. ' My word !' ho oxclaimed 1 ' and who in the wide world ' And that's Harry Hcsiington, isn't it?' Poor Bessie murmured an assent. ' Whoever has ho got hold of, them 1' Sir Miles went on, watching the depart ing carriage. That's Miss Trontham— thoy'vo hired Westaero, you know,' replied Bossio incoherently, liardly knowing what sho was saying. Well, I'd take my solemn ,' continued Sir Miles impressively ; ' but I beg your pardon, Miss Chaylo ; I forgot you und Harry were engaged. But I could liavo sworn ' ho added, half to himself, 'How whito you look, Miss Chaylo ! You'ro tired to death with this long day, isn't she, mother? You must come into tho houso, and have a rest.' Well of all tho barefacod hussies I over behold in ail my life !' Miss Matilda Mottistono was saying koliind tliern. 'And driving about tho country alono with liirn, too i I think it's quito dis graceful )' That evening, when Lady Mottistone had already rotircd to her room, a knock came at her door. When she oponod it, n tall figure, clad in a white dressing- gown, with streaming brown hair, aakoa admittance, 1 My dour. child ! Not in bed, and you so tired I Come in ; you look liko tho family ghost standing out thero against tho dark panelling ; and as whito ns any ghost, too 1' Bossio hold out a littlo parcel and a lottor. , Lady Mottistono, I want this to go by the early post to-morrow. I could not rost till I lmd written it. Now I haro brought it to allow to you ; will you do mo the kindnosa to rend it? I linvo no one to look to for advico and help. Fathor doesn't understand. I havo no mother.' Lady Mottistono read tho lottor through twice, slowly, sitting in a low chair, Bessie, at her feet. 1 My child,' sho said nt length, ' havo you thought well of what you aro doing ? This is irrevocable. You aro returning him his ring — his littlo presents 1 'Indeed, indeed, I havo!' interrupted Bessie, tier eves flushing and her cheeks aflame. ' Can you ask mo ? Ih any other courso open to me ? Oh I my mind is quits, quite mado up ! Ho has publicly insulted mo to-day, bringing her over hero like that, driving with hor, and nover coming near me — nover spooking to mo I I'll stand it no longer. Don't you think I'm right, Lady Mottistono 1' sho went on, starting up to her full height, and throw ing back tho masses of her brown hair. I've done with him ! I never want to seo him again ! I don't caro a bit for htm 1 I almost hate — and oh I Lody Mottistono, I'm so miserable I' sobbed tho poor girl, sinking down, and hiding hor faco in Lady Mottistono's lap. Part III. — Desperately Demented. CHAPTER XL 'Dear mel what a thick pocket for Harry trim — from — I can't quito road tho post mark.' A Prayors were just over ot Wostacro Rectory, and Mrs. Heslington hud risen from hor knees to investigate her son's correspondence, spread out by his plato. You needn't sniff, Richard,' sho went on. 'I'm quito suro the deal boy wouldn't niod my taking an interest in his lottcrs. I bnly look at tho addresses and post marks. Why, oven tho post-offieo people do that I M— M- M— Mottistone. It's Mottistono Dear mo 1 I wonder what varolino can do senamg nmi i oun ..a not hor handwriting, though — oil 1 I rcmombor, that girl Dessio Chaylo is stay ing at Mottistono. Really, I can't think wliat Caroline can sco in her ; sho quite turns her head, I think, I dare say sho mokes up to Lady Mottistone in order to got asked there.' ' Come, come, Louisa, you are vory uncharitable," put in the rector. 'Bessie Cliaylo's not that sort of a girl at all. She's ns honest ns tho day.' 'Well, I think it's very forward— oxtremcly so — of her to writo to Harry, now all that littlo u flair of bygone times is over. I don't nt all approvo. How late Harry is ! But then, he's always back late when he dines at the Hall. Tlioy sit up playing billiurds and smoking, and that makes him lato in tho morning, of aourso.' A few minutes later tho delinquent himself sauntered in. Tho rector, with whom punctuality was a failing, glared at him rather from behind his paper, but Mrs. Heslington fussed about over liira, warming his coffee, bringing up his egg from tho firo, etc., till Harry at last grow impatient. 'All right, mother; that will do,' ho began ungraciously. ' I'm in no hurry. Wo smoked so lato last night. Besides, I want ts sco my letters.' Tho last of all ho oponed was Bessio's packet. The ring fell out first ; lie recog nised it in a moment, and hastily smuggled it into ilia waistcoat pocket, out of his mother's sight. Ho glanced at tho letter, and put that away too. After that ho felt less inclination for eating than before. He made a protenco of playing with his food, and then wandered iuto tho porch to smoke. Harry wanted to bo alono and collect liis thoughts. Bessie, ho caid to himsolf at first, had thrown him over. His first impulso wns to feci hurt and wounded. No man likes to ho jilted, oven if lie no longer cares for tho girl. His noxt thought, however, was that ho was freo 1 It came with a wild rush, stirring all his being, und opening out all sorts of ntiBQihilifinft. l«Vor> ! Krfin to woo ftlifi win Viola. Thero was an intoxication in the very wordB. But tho noxt moment his better nnture got the upper hand. Freo ! But at what a prico. Ho lmd gained his freedom by ruthlessly neglecting tho girl he had encouraged, on a lovo ho had fanned, only to cast aside. Conscience would up and speak. Harry could not stifle her. Then common sense lmd her say, as sho has an inconvoniont way of doing in our most emotional moments. What did lie mean to do with his freedom? Did ho mean to install Viola Trontham, the dressy littlo creaturo with tho saucy eyes, who said ' beastly,' and wont in for champagno cup, ns mistress of Allanby'a Houso at Ouseby, when lie got it ? Harry was very much in love, hut not so blind but that tho incongruity of tho picture mado him smile. So ho began to work round tho question oneo ngain from all tho same points of viow, landing him solf still in a hopeless state of indecision, which bceaino nt last oven painful. It was almost a relief to liha to hear his mother calling : ' Harry, wilt you do aomothing for mo ? Will you drivoovorto Matohingly Station and bring back the Store parcol that's waiting thero for mo? Fetor's busy.' Ho was not sorry to bo told to do some thing ; at any rate, it relieved him from an instant mental decision. Mrs. Hes lington watched him drivo off with a shako of her bend. ' Dear Harry is certainly a littlo variable, slightly irritable. I suppose it's boing in lovo that makes liim so, tho dear boy I Well, so long as lio's happy.' Littlo Johnny Chaylo had that morning a most stupendous treat. Sir Miles Mottistono was duo back at Windsor with his regiment the day af tor tho flower-show. Tho dog-cart came round for liim soon after breakfast, and, to tho boy's intense delight, Sir Miles offered him a seat in it. Johnny did not afton get any carriage exorcise. This drivo Boomed to him oven more splendid than the cantor in tho paddock en Dr. Day's old groy cob, to which his elder brothers had not per mitted him yet to aspire. The smart dog-cart, James tho groom in liis irro- proachablo lentliors, tho well-bred brown maro witli tho shining harness : Johnny survoyed them all with an admiration boyond words, while ho rolled himself up in a rug, and seating himself by Sir Miles, hung on to tho rail with all liis might, and hoped for tho best, though ha feared tho worst. But Johnny did not tumblo out. Ho reached Matohingly Station in safety. As they drove up a high inail-plnuton and pair of bays stood waiting for someone nt tho booking-offico door. It was unknown to Sir Miles, who nodded at it as ho pulled up mid inquired— Wiioso is that carriage, James ?' ' Dunno, Sir Miles,' said that individual, springing down from bohind ero tlioy stopped, and rushing to tho mnre's head. But tho station-master who advanced obsequiously, mindful of Christmas-boxes from tl e Mottistono covorts, to wolcoino Sir Miles gnvo tho desired information. ' I. lmvo reason to beliovo that it belongs to Major Trentham, Sir Miles. Recontly come to Westaero Hall, Sir Miles. Sir Miles looked tho nags over with tho critical eye of a connoisseur, and then pnsscd on into tho station, forgetting all about Johnny, whom ho had loft soatod in tho dog-cart. Prc- sontly, Harry Heslington, driving his father's old maro and tlio timo- honourod pnrsonical waggonctto with a deliberation which would havo done Peter's heart good, hovo in sight. Tho child wns delighted to meet a friend, as lie had felt shy with a strange liko Sir Miles. When Harry had got down and was walking into tho station to ask about the Store parcol, he heard a patter of footsteps bohind him, and a little hand was thrust into his. ' Hullo, Harry !' Harry lookod down, and with a little prick of conscience returned tho greetings as goninlly as he could. ' Hullo, Johnny !' 'You como along witli me hero. I want to talk to you. l'vo got a secret,' went on tho boy, dragging Harry down tho platform towards tho bookstall. ' Oh, l'vo had sucli a lovely drive !' ho added parenthetically ; ' wo camo such a pace, liko tlio wind. But this is what I want to ask you ; it s a secret — about Bessie.' ' About Bessio ?' and Harry winced. ' Yes, about my sissy Bessie ! You'ro just the person to advise, nrent you; becauso you'ro almost as fond of her as I am : Eliza Juno says you are, that you'ro her — hor — sweetheart. That's what sho says you are to Bessie, and Eliza Jane ought to know, because she's got one, too — a sweetheart — Tim Dale, who comes to tea on Sundays. But this is what I want to ask : see this 1' And Johnny exhibited a shilling. ' He gave mo that, Sir Miles did. Isn't ho jolly, neither ? Now I want to buy something with it for Bessie, to cheer her up. ' To cheer her up 1' gasped Harry. 'Yes, to cheer her up. Sho's down in tho dumps as Eliza June calls 'cm. She cried last night when she was hearing me say mv prayers ; only don't tell hor I told you. Sho mightn't liko it. Though girls don't mind its being known tlioy cry, liko boys do. And then, this morning she's got a headache, and didn't como down to breakfast, and Lady Mottistone — I do liko her — gave mo twico of jam.' And hero tho boy began turning over tho illustrated papers on tho bookstall. ' What do you think I I thought if I bought her ono of those picture papers all full of ladies' dresses. Girls liko them. What do you think, Harry 1 It would 'muse her.' Mechanically, hardly knowing what ho did, Harry took up tho nearest lady's papor, and hnnded it to Johnny, at tho same timo throwing down a sixpence. ' What, are you going to pay for it I' cried tho boy. ' Oh, I'll tell her that you sent it her ; she'll like it better.' Harry seized tho boy almost roughly by tho collar. 'Johnny, horo's another for you to hold your tonguo : and if you tell B your sister — you'vo oven seen mo, I'll 1 But hero tliey wero both interrupted by the entrance of tho down train from London. Sir Allies, who had been on- grossed in his morning paper, jumped up hurriedly and collected his luggage. As ho did so he nearly ran against a passenger gotting out of tlio train. It wns a tall big roan, dark, with a heavy black moustache. Sir Miles started at sceine him. Something in tlio man's appearance seemed to strike him. Ho put up his eye glass, and turnod half round to. give another look at tho stranger. As ho did so tho stranger did tho same. Tho men's oyes met. But tho next moment tho stranger had hurried through tho booking- office, and Sir Miles had got into tho train, But ho put liis head out of tho window and called to tho stntiou- mnster. ' Who was thnt dark gentleman got out hero? There ho goes ' ' Major Trontham, Sir Miles ; gentle man's carriage outsido you asked me about, Sir Miles-' Sir Miles sank hack in his scat and took out his cigar-caso, remarking to himsolf — 1 Odd thing a likeness is. Flashes across you all in a momont, and means nothing at nil I' Major Trentham, in tho booking-oflico, met liis sister, who had been waiting for him in tho waiting-room, not caring, for reasons tho leader may guess, to be seen on the platform by Sir Miles. Tho two wero getting into tho mail- phaeton and about to drivo off, when who should como round tho corner but Harry Heslington, followed by a porter, carrying a largo Store pocking-caso. Harry started violently on seeing Miss Trentham. A flood of conflicting fceliDgs rushed over him. For a moment or two ho hardly knew what to say or how to act. But almost unconsciously ho hod ad vanced to tho sido of tho carriage. Viola was bending down to him, extending her hand. Ho took it. 'Good-morning, Harry,' sho laughed, letting it linger a littlo in his, and looking down upon him with tho gianco ho had learned to know and to lovo so well. ' You havo not forgotten your promise? You aro coming to tea with mo this afternoon ?' 'I'm coming,' replied Harry, in a low voice, tremulous with aupprossod feolings ; and then tho major lot tho horses go, The mail-phaeton Bwept past Sir Milcs's dog-cart, just driving off. 'Whose cart is that 1' inquired tho major, turning round to hit sorvant. . . 'Sir Mile3 Mottistono's, sir,' was tho man's reply. Tho major darted a meaning glance at Viola, which sho amply returned, lie muttering at tho naino timo soroethjng which sounded liko an oath, and lashing tho bays savagely till tiioy plunged again. _ _ t ' Toinper h'orful ' agin this morning, was tho groom's report of liim later in tho stablo-yard. CHAPTER XII. ' Miss Trentham in tlio boudwaw, sir,' said tho footman who opened tho door to him. Harry was by tliis timo such an habitue of Westaero Holi that ho did not troublo to havo himsolf announced. Ho strode across tho hall, and dashed up tho stairs two stops at a time. Had ho not been in such a hurry, ho would havo noticed thnt tho smoking-room door was ajar, ana pcrceivcu tnrougn mo cruva mv glittor of tho major's foxy block eyes, accompanid by a malicious grin of delight as ho noted Harry's hot liasto. But at tho boudoir door tho latter hesitated and paused. Ho tried to pull himself together, as it woro, to mako up hi i mind to plan somo lino of conduct; but all his senses were overpoworcd by tlio ono howildering feeling that ho was oneo more with Viola. Yot his great joy mado liim shy. Though his hand was on tho door of tho shrino sacred to his divinity, ho knocked. No answor. Harry knockod again. Then ho opened the door and ontored. Tlio awning was down, though the afternoon was dull, so tlio room was very subdued, not to say dim. At first, Harry thought it was empty. Ho looked round with a vnguo feeling of disap pointment. But the next moment an unaccustomed sound struck upon his ear. It was like a sob. Thon ot last, crouching in a corner of tho big sofa, crumbling her pretty whito summer grown, rumbling tho wavos and curls of her golden hair, in an nttitude of tho deepest dejection, lier faco buried in tho great soft eider-down pillow of pale blue silk, ho perceived Viola. Harry stopped short in tho middle of tiio room ; but Viola did not notico his presence. Her shoulders heaved nnnxnlai linl is nn/1 nnnin ft anK BAIinffofl through tho room. A wild feeling of dismay, of dread of ho know nut what, seized Harry, He darted forward, and throw himself on his knees by tho sofa. ' Viola I' (it slipped ont). 'For pity'a sake, tell mo what's the matter I' Tho bare idea of grief and tears associated with such a merry, bright creature was unutterably painful to him. Viola lifted a littlo tear-stained, woebegone face, which went to his heart, whilo her lips quivered liko a child's. Then sho buried it in tlio sofa-pillow again. 'What is it? What is it?' implored Harry, feeling for her hand, and trying to rniso hor. 'Viola, do toll mo what's tho matter? Can't I help you ?' ' No, no,' she nodded incoherently ; ' y — y c — e — can't d — do anything ' ' But tell mo : only tell mo, darling. It goes to my heart to see you so miserable.' Sho raised lior ruffled littlo golden head, and applied an ombroidored and scented handkerchief to hor eyes. ' I'm very s — «— silly to cry about it, I know I am,' alio began, while Harry slipped on to tho sofa by hor sido. ' But I'm in a dreadful fix 1' And sho looked straight in front of hor, her eyos wide opened and melancholy, and shaking her head mournfully. Tho hands had fallen dejectedly into her lap. Hardly knowing what lie was doing, Harry secured ono betweon iiis largo ones, and began stroking it soothingly. 1 I'm sure I don't know what to do I What tho Major will say I' 'Viola,' began Harry, bonding down over her cagorly. 'Trust mo. Confide in mo ; do let mo help you !' Sho removed her hand and wiped her eyes again. ' Shall I V sho said, turning to him — oh ! so gravely — ' shall 1 1 But you'll think so badly of mo ! Think mo silly — and naughty too I' ' Viola ! passionately rejoined Harry 'never could I think that of you, you know 1 And ha tried to seizo her hand again but sho hacked from liim up into tho corner of tho sofa, and leaning lior head on her hand, dejected, half turning away, began — ' I know I ain very extravagant. He's always telling ino so— and I know I am — but I do liko clothes — I lovo pretty things. And somehow, I always seem in debt. My allowance never goes round, try what I con. My brother's always awfully angry about it, and you know his temper's nono of tlio sweotest — and when ho gets in one of his rngos 1 — and Viola gnvo a littlo shudder ef horror. 'And now, , seo there,' sho continued, pointing to a long slip of paper on tho tnblo near lio — 'that odious Madame Chiffon has sont in her bill — such a big ono I I'm suro I don't know how it is. I've had such a lot of things 1 But it's over two hundred pounds, fancy 1' and sho glanced up at Harry with an expres sion of dismay. 1 And l'vo spent all my nllowanco ; and last timo when I brought tho Major a dress-hill to pay, ho got in an awful way, and swore ho wouldn't pay another farthing for mo I You see,' sho added paronthoticnlly, ' my money is all soparato from his — tied up with trustees for mo till I como of age, you know.' (to de continued.) 