A WEIRD TALE OF MAGIC. rho steamship was moving slowly along the Gold Coast. Tho passcngere were lying shout In deck chairs and were gazing lastly out from under the shade of doublo awnings serosa the glittering water at the long coast lino, which unrolled itself like a panorama before them. Long lines of yellow beach, whoro tho Atiantie rollers broko in sheets of snowy foam, low bluffs crowned with great cotton wood trees, clusters of native huts lying be neath tho shado of feathery palms, roaring surf-covered bar and river mouth, all corao into sight, and disappeared as tho steamer rolled along, antil, lying soma distance be hind tho coast among what appeared to bo miles of mangrove swxunp, a lonely flat- topped mountain rose in view. The summit could ; be plainly seen against the blue tropio sky, but the. upper dopes wore covered with wreaths of mist, which was strange, as the rest of the landscapo lay sharp and clear in the sunlight. " That must be the Ghost Mountain, our block passengers tell us the straogo tales about. By the way, you promised to tell us about the time you wont to the top, Com missioner," said tho Doctor, turning to Dis trict Commissioner Oddy, who lay back in a cane chair. Tho lattor was a slightly-mado, spare man, who was returning home invalided, haggard and yellow in face from tho olimato, and fever, but Btill showing by the flash of .his eyo and tho firm mouth traces of energy and decision. He turned to the doctor and answorod: " Yes, I lived— and several times- nearly died— in sight of it for throe years, bat al though I once tried I did not get to the top, and never wish to try again. Tho natives say no ono but a Ju Ju man ever reached the summit and lived," . Here the passengers drew in their ehairs to listen, and the Uommissioner continued:, "It was some twenty years ago that Jevons, a trading agent, and myself sat out on tho verandah bf my house, smoking an after- dinner cigar. It had been a trying day, as hot as fire, and at night it was if possible worse; tho insidn of tho room reaemblod an oven. Outside, however, - a faint -breozo stirrod, bringing with it tho usual , smell of burning wood, orange flowers' and lilies, mixed with tbo ioul odours of itnud and swamp, and although there was considerable risk of fever, it was just possible to breathe there,' which you couldn't do inside. " After wo had smoked a while in silenco Jovons stretched out his hand, and pointed across tho miles of dense forest and man grove swamps that lay beneath tho bright moonlight, opening out hore and thero to show tho glistening surface of a broad river reach, or the foul black mud of a tidal . lagoon, to where the Ghost Mountain Btood out clearly against tho sky, with a silver cloud of mist wrapping its lowor slopes. " When shall we climb that -ndorful mountain, Oddy " 1 Ob, whenover you wish; to-uwrrow, if you liko,' I answered. Wo wero both young, and with my head full of varied information in the departmental books, I thought I know everything about Africa and its natives. " I have changed my mind since, and am <\- just beginning to learn a littlo now— while Jevons, a burly, red-faced Englishman, was firmly convinced that there was nothing worth knowing oxcept how to make 25 per cent, profit for his firm by cheating the natives. " Wo both of us laughed at tho supers stitionB concerning tha mountain, so, hav ing decided to go, I colled for ro/ shanty boy, blew my whistle for Sergeant Amun and Kossoo, ' for there wero ten ' Haussas , attached to tho station. " A few moments later tho two ' Haussas who arc, as you know, Mohammedan black troops, ontered. Eino, tall men thoy .wore, from tho far interior, with features much finer than those of tho coast tribes, dressed In brown Karki uniform and red fez. While they stood at attention, I told the boy to have two hammooks and eight hearers ready by Buariso on tho morrow. . " At this he urged us to abandon the idea, saying that for 400 years no one but a Ju Ju priest had over reached tho summit . .without dying or losing his reason shortly afterwards. However, wo both laughod .at 1 any ' super- stitious idev and turning .to tbo black. ser geant, I said: 1 11 ' Aro you afraid to go, Amun 7' " Mountain be great Ja Ju, sah ; no good to meddle with tho fetish of the heather; but whore Gommissionah go, Amun and Kos soo go to, even though the mountain be full of devils,' was the faithful fellow's answer. That is the naturo of tho Mohammedan. Treat him fairly and feed him well, and ho \- would follow you through Hades. " We started at daybreak tho next morn ing, travelling as far as wo could in oar ham mocks, with plenty of hlack carriers, until the bush became so thick that we had to go on foot, " I remember the morning well, tho bright sunshino and brillant flowers whero tho forest was thinner, and tho solemn, dimness and wreaths of mist that lay around tho trunks whoro tho great branches mob above us, every trco festooned with hanging creep ers. Wo did not know thon that this mi6t might mean quick death, and that tho smoll of an African forest, half aromatio and half ropulslvo, was generally fall of fever. . " On wo went, winding in and out among the trees, now crossing a dear apace, and again catting our way with matehets through thorny bushes, until, when night came, wo camped besido a littlo oreek, and I lay awoke until dawn, listening to the rustling of leaves and the voices of the forest, and watching the fireflies flashing in the grass. ' " In tho morning we made on early start, and, after a hard day's march, climbing aud stumbling among mangrcvo roots, soveral , times nearly losing our lives in tho pools of fathomless mud that abound in theso parts, wo camped at sunset undor tho mountain it self. Dividing us from it ran a broad, shal low stream, rippling pleasantly over a sandy bed, only to lose itself lower down among the rottenness and slimo of a mangrove swamp. Tho moon shono brightly on the \- water, and in the bush around us not a leaf stirred, but the , mountain in front lay wrapped in a durk cloud of mist, out of which wo could hear the rustling of trees and the moaning of a night breeze. Our bearers, in spite of tho liberal pay promised them, showed Bigns of making off, declaring that nono of us would return olive, and it was only by threats that we could Induce them to remain. " "When dawn came wo forded tho stream, nod just as wo stepped out of the water camo upon two tall wands of scented wood, driven into the sand, each carrying a white cloth dipped in blood. . This was one of tho Ju Ju iiuirku, aad where it is set up with the proper ceremonial you might lay all you possessed Micro, and no native would dare to touch it. " As wo passed Jovons, out of wantonness, tod with somo silly remark about 4 pulling up nigger superstitions,' snapped one of tho nl&kcs; across his knee, and set the piccee floating down tho stream. I at once turned ' . upon him ungrily. " ' What did you do that for 1 You foul look ai tho carriers; you'll see they will all bolt now, worse frightened than ever. 44 4 Lot of silly niggers I Let them bolt,and we'll go on alone, eh, Koesoo J' he sald, turn ing to tho Housaa. "Whether they.be sticks .or. stones, I know not, eaid tho latter, in his own tongao, a little of which I knew, ' bnt it is not good to insult tho gods of tho heathen,' and by- this timo I knew ho was right. I was a littlo un-, comfortable, for I noticed the carriers mat-, teringono to anothor, and looking at jny companion in a threatening manner, but wo .inducod them to go on by drawing our re volvers, and the olimb continued. . " While tho .sun Bhone over the forest be low us, the.mountain sides wero covered with white mist, which soaked our clothes and seemed to go through to tho bono, and, whllo wo could feol no . air in our faces, we could hear the trees overhead swaying and rnstflng in tho breeze. . Tho lower slopes were oozing with water - and mud, so timt. our npward march was difficult and dismal, especially as wo » had.- to cut our way through thorny bushes and masses, of trailing .plants most of tho time. Dp wo went, struggling, through swamp and. .brako until toward afternoon I noticed my companion got 8trangoly:quict, and had a flushed, , swollen look about his faao, vrhioh I did not like. Whu&.wo stopped a fow minutes for breath, I said : "What's tho matter, Jovons ? Are you ill ' but. I only, got a surly No I go on,' for an answor, and wo continuod our way, and by 6 o'clock wore somo half way up the mountain. "Here we found a little clear spaco, strewn with a fow. largo flat . rooks,- and as tbo bearers- hod brought some dry wood from tbo forest below wo i made a fire, and prepared to camp. . Once or twice I noticed- Jevons stag ger as he moved about .arranging the simple meal, and at last I made him sit down and leavo it alone. While this was going on, what little light there was hided away, and an intenso darkness closed avound us. My fi-innd a£a nntMmr. bnt drunk nnmn nf the spirits and quinine I gave him, and then said: " I don't know -what's tho matter with me ; my head's on fire, and I can't hold my self up.. Somo one must have poisoned mo or something. I'll go, to sleep.' j " Wrapping him in his waterproof sheet, I placed some baggage under his head, and sat down beside him. « « Amun and Kossoo,' I said, I'll watch half tho night— you sleep.' Then I throw moro wood on tho fire, and began my lonoly vigil. "Overhead the trees swayed and rustled and a chill wind drovo in my face, while fan. tastio wreaths of mists drifted across the tiro- light.' Tho rod glow fell on my companion's face, and I saw bow flushed and distorted it was, whllo he moved unrasily in his ; sleep, and murmured from timo to timo. i Drifting out of the Hmrimpatt came the moan ing of tho wind, and the myriad voices of the forest, and 1 listened until at last my eyes closed, and.I fell asleep. . " After doziog- uneasily a littlo I heard a weak voice calling mc,ond, rising to my feet, saw Jevons trying to raise himself. Hastily running across to him, I raised his head, and ho gasped out: " I don't know what it can be, bat I feol I'm dying. - Hold my hand; don't leave mo,' and thou his head fell back on my knee. " Galling Amun, I told him to bring somo moro wood, and to rouse one of tho bearers, and for tho littlo whilo ho was away in tho darkness I felt strangely desolate. - In a few minutes he returned. ! " ' Tho Shantoo men all line for go away,' he said; 4 only Amun and Kobboo hero. Where officer man live, thero be Haussa man. Then ho!made up the firo and sat close behind me. - 1 "I shall novor forget the horror of that dismal night, sitting by tho glow of the firo, watching tlio: flickering > shadows as I held my dying comrade's head on my knee. -Tho mist drovo past mo In wreaths, chilling mo through with its clammy, touch, . while all around tho branches swayed and rustled as tho wind Bwcpt through tho trees, und at intervals tho Bnort of the leopard seeking his prey sounded, through tho forest. Jevons moved uneasily pi times, and clutched my hands, but never rcoovorod consciousness, and when at length -the weary night passed, and tho dim light of dawn camo fiittoring through , the branohes, I saw with horror that ho was dead. "ADanaomDg.au .our -luggage,, wo uiroe Btartcd to retrace our steps, attempting the almost impossible task of carryiog tho body of our comrode.with us. All day we strug gled downhill, through mud and -thorny thicket, tearing our clothes to ribands, and at times getting a nasty wound ourselves, al ways in tho somo oloud of olammy < mist. I alternately shaking, with the fever, which now attacked mo, and abusing our - cowardly carriers for desertiog us. . Toward ovonlng we reached tho stream , whichi < soparatcd the mountain from tho mangroyos, and hero wo flung ourselves down, and, with pains in every limb, and with my blood like liquid firo, I lay till morning in tho burning grip of fever. "When daylight camo I could scarcely stand alone, und, as to carry tho body any further - was impossible,- nothing could bo dono but to scrape a shallow .holo in the sandy strip by tho river and lay it there, at tho foot of thotwoJu-Ju wands ; for- when wo returned tbo mis6i»g ono had.been replaced. " All - that day, with Bwimming head and useless limbs, l.lconcd on tho shoulders of my faithful followers, ond, half -carried and half staggering, managed to gct:through the awful tract, of mangroves, .black mud and swamp, which we had to crosB. Straggling along half conscious late that night,' wo reached the. spot where the hammocks hod been left, and although they wcro-woro out with fatigue, tho two staunch Haussas took' mo up, and, travelling along the clear path, wo camo staggering into tho, Compound at dawn— two haggard, tattered bearers, and an unconscious man. "For ten days I lay between .life and doatb, and then slowly recovered." " Did your friend show symptoms of ma laria ?" asked tho doctor. " I havo seen many men dio of fever, but nono llko that," answered tho commissioner, " but from that day I havo carefully avoided any insult to tho native Fetish. - I can givo you no reasons, and can only say with Ham let, ' There are moro things in heaven and earth than are dreamtof in yonr philosophy.' And if you wish to know , all . the strange things that happen in tho African forests you must spend your life among them." . 