PLACE FOR A WOMAN. -By , xa:xa3MrE&"srl , x-.-wsoassr,. Author of " While the Billy Boils." . i ' He had aiselection on- a long box-scrub sid ing of the.'r"idge3; about-half a mile back and tip from .the coach road. '.There were no neighbours' that I; ever heard. of,-; and the nearest "town" was 30 miles 'away. He grew .wheat among the stumps on his clearing, soiu the crop standing to a "Cockle," who lived 10 'miles away, and had some surplus sous; or, some seasons, he reaped it by hand, had it thrashed by travelling "steamer" (portable steam engine and machine), and carried the grain, a few bags at a time, iulo the mill on his rlcketty dray. He lmd lived nl-tne for upwards -of IB years, and was known to these who knew hhn as "Batty Hov.lett."' Trav-Ier3 and strangers failed to see any thing uncommonly "ratty" about him. It was known, or, at least, It was believed, with out question, that while at work he kept his horse saddled and bridled, and hung up to the fence, or grazing about, with the saddle on er, anyway, close handy for a moment's notlee —and whenever he caught sight, over the scrub and through ithe quarter-mile break In it, of a traveller on the road, he would jump on his horse and make after him. If it was a horseman he usually pulled him up Inside of a mile. Stories were told of unsuccessful chases, 'mis understandings, and complications arising out of Howlett's mania for runulng down and bailing up travellers. Sometimes he caught one every day for a week, sometimes not one for weeks— it was a lonely track. The explanation was simple, sufficient, and perfectly natural — from a bushman's point of view. Ratty only wanted to have a yarn. He and the ilraveller would camp in the shade for half an hour or so and yarn and smoke. The old man would find out where the travel ler came from, and how long he'd been there, and where he was making for, and how long he reckoned he'd be awayjnnd ask if there had been any rain along the traveller's back track, and how the country looked after the drought; and he'd get ithe traveller's. ideas on abstract questions — if he had any. If It was a "foot man" (swagman), and he was short of -to bacco. old Howlett always had halt a stick ready for him. Sometimes, but very rarely, he'd invite the swagman back to the hut for a pint of tea, or a bit of meat, flour, tea, or sugar, to carry him on on the track. And. after the yarn by the road, they said, tho old man would ride back, refreshed, to his lonely selection, and work on into the night as long as he could see his solitary old plough horse, or theseoop of his long-handled shovel. And so It was that 1 came to make his ac quaintance— or, rather, that he made mine. I was cantering easily along the track — I was making for the north-west with a pack horse — when about a mile beyond the track to tne selection I heard, "Hi, Mister?" and saw a dust cloud following me. I had heard of "Old Ratty Howlett," casually, and so was prepar ed for him. A tall gaunt man on a little horse. He was full-shaved, except for a frill beard round under Ills chin, and his long wavy, dark hair was turning grey; a square, strong-faced man, and reminded me of one full-faced por trait of Gladstone more than any other face I had seen. He had large reddish brown eyes, deep set under heavy eyebrows, and with something of the blaekfellow In them — the sort of eyes that will peer at something on the horizon that no one else can see. He had a way of talking to the horizon, too — more than to his companion, and he had a deep vertical wrinkle in his forehead that no smile could lessen. I got down and got .out my pipe, and tve sat on a log and yarned awhile on bush subjects; and then, after a pause, he shifted , uneasily, ..It seemed. jto me, .and asked rather abruptly, and in an altered tone. If I was mar- lied. A queer question to ask a traveller; more especially In my case, as I was little more than a boy. He talked on again of old things and places where we had both been, and asked after men he knew, or had known— drovers and others — and whether they were living yet. Most of Ills Inquiries went back before my time; but some of the drovers, one or two overlandors with whom he had been mates In Ills time, had grown old into mine, and I knew them. 2 notice now, though I didn't then — and If I had it would not have seemed strange from a bush point of view— that he didn't ask for news, nor seem interested' in It. Then after another uneasy pause, during which he scratched crosses In the dust with a stick, he asked' me, In the same queer tone and without looking at me or looking up, If I happened to know anything about doctoring— if I'd ever studied It? I asked him If anyone was sick at his place. Me hesitated, and' said, "No." Then I wanted to khow why he had asked me that question, and he was so long about answering that I began to think lie was hard of hearing, when, at last, he muttered something about my face reminding him of a young fellow he knew of who'd gone to Sydney to "study for a doctor." That might have been, and looked natural enough; but why didn't he ask me straight out If I was the chap he "knowed - of?" Travellers do not like beating about the bush In conversation. He sat In silence for a good while, with his arms folded, and looking absently away over the dead level of the great scrubs that spread from the foot of the ridge we were on to where a blue peak or two of a distant range showed above the bush cm the horizon. I stood up and put my pipe away and stretched. Then he seemed to wake up. "Bet ter come back to the hut and have a bit of dinner," he said. "The missus will about have it ready, and I'll spare you a handful of hay for the horses." The hay decided It. It was a dry season. I was surprised to hear of a wife, for I thought he was. a hntter — I had always heard so; but perhaps I liad been mistaken, and he. had . married lately; or had got a housekeeper. The farm was an Irregularly-shaped clearing In the scrub, with a good many stumps in It, with a brolcon-down two-rail fence "along the frontage, and logs and "dog-leg" the rest. It was about as lonely-looking a place ns I had seen, and I had seen some out-of-the-way, I God-forgotten holes where men lived alone. 3 The hut was In the top corner, a two-roomed i . slab hut, with a shingle roof, which must have | been uncommon round there in the daystwhen 'i that hut was built- I was used to bush car- penterlng, and saw that the place - had been I put up by a man who liad plenty of life and hope In front of him, nnd for someone else beside himself. But there were two unfinished skilllng rooms b\jllt on to the back of the hut; the posts, sleepers, and wall-plates had been V-ell put up and fitted, and the slab walls. were up, but the roof had never been put on. There wns nothing but burrs and nettles Inside those s Walls, and an old wooden bullock plough and 4 , a couple of yolkea were dry-rotting across the back doorway. The remains of a straw-stack, Bom'e hay under a bark humpy, a small iron plough, . and an old stiff, coffin-headed grey draught horse woro nil that I saw about tho place. ?,) But there was a bit of a surprise for me In- I side. In the shape of a clean white tablecloth oq the rough slab table which stood on stakes driven Into the ground. Tile cloth was coarse, | but It was a tablecloth— not a spare sheet put P on In honour of unexpected visitors— and 'per- $ fectly clean. The tin-plates, pannikins, jam gr tlrs, that served as sugar bowls and salt ool- fii lars, were polished brightly. The walls and p fireplace wore whitewashed, the clay floor p swept, and clean sheets of newspaper laid on the slab mantelshelf under the row of biscuit tins that held the groceries. I thought that his wife, or .housekeeper, or whatever she was, tvas a clean and tidy woman about a house, X.saw no woman, ; but on the sofa — a light, wooden, batten one, with runged arms at tho ends— lay a woman's dress on a lot of sheets of old stained and faded newspapers. . He looked at It In a puzzled way, knitting his forehead, then took It up absently and folded £ it. I saw tlioa that it was a riding skirt and jacket g He bundled them into the newspapers and i? took them Into the bedroom, f "The wife wag going on a visit down the d creek this afternoon," he said rapidly, and f-5 without1 looking at me, but stooping ns if 8 . to have' another look through the door at g& those distant peaks. "I suppose she got tired o' waltln', and went and took the daughter |S , with her. 'But. never mind, the grub Ib p ready." There was a cainp-ovon with a leg P of mutton and potatoes sizzling In It on the | hearth, and bljl/s hanging over fthi. flee. X ig r noticed the billies had been scraped, and the lids polished, N There seemed to be something queer about the whole business, but then he and his wife might have had a "breeze" during the morn ing. I thought so, during the meal, when the subject of" women came up, and. he said Ono never knew how to take a woman, 4fcc. ; but there was nothing in what he said that need necessarily have referred to his wifeortoany woman In particular. l"or the rest he talked of old bush things, droving, digging, and old bushranglng — but never about live things and living men, unless any of the old mates he talked abuut happened to be alive by acci dent. There was a dress and a woman's old hat hanging on the wall -near the door, but they looked as if they might have been bunging there for a lifetime. There seemed something queer about the whole place— something wanting; but then' all out-of-the-way bush homes aro haunted by that something want ing, or, more likely, by the spirits of the things 'that should have been there, but never, had been. As I rode down the track to the road X looked back and saw old Howlett hard at work In a hole around a big stump with his long-handled shovel. I'd noticed that he moved and walked with a slight list to port, and put his hand once or twice to the small of his back, and I set It down to lumbago, or something of -that sort. Up In the Never Nevet T heard from a dro ver who had known Howlett that, his wife had died in the first year, and so this mys terious woman, if she was his wife, was;; of course, his second .wife. The drover seethed surprised and rather amuse'd at the thought of old Howlett going In Tor matrimony again. I rode back that way five years later, from the Never Never. It was early In the morn ing — I had ridden since midnight. I didn't think the old man, would be up and about; and, besides, I wanted to get on home, and have a look at the old folk, and the mates I'd left behind — and the girl. But I hadn't got far past the point where Howlett's track joined the road, when I happened to look' back, and saw him on horseback, stumbling down the track. I waited till he came up. He was riding the old grey draught horse this time, and It looked very much broken down. I thought It would have come down- every stop, and fallen like an old rotten humpy In a gust of wind. And the old man was not much better off. I saw at once that lie was a very sick man. His face was drawn, and he bent forward as if he was hurt. He got down stiffly and awkwardly, like a hurt man, and. as soon as his feet touched the ground he grabbed my arrti, or he would have gone do\\\\-n like a man who steps off a train in motion. He hung towards the bank of the road, feeling blindly, as It were, for the ground, with his free hand, as I eased him down. I got my blanket and calico from the pack saddle to make him comfortable. "Help me with my back agen the tree," he said. "I must sit up — it's no use lyin' down." He sat with his hand gripping his side, and breathed painfully. "Shall 1 run up to the hut , and get the wife?" I asked. "No"' He spoke painfully. "No!" Then, as If the words were jerked out of him by a spasm: "She ain't there?" I -took It that she had left him. \"How long have you been bad? How long as this been coming on?" lie took no notice of the question: I thought It was a touch of rheumatic fever, or some thing of that sort. "It's gone into my back and sides now— the pain's worse in me back," he said presently. I had once been mates wlth a man who died suddenly of heart disease, while at work. He was washing a dish of dirt In the creek near a claim we were working; he let the dish slip Into the water, fell back, crying, "O, my back!" and was gene. And now I felt by In stinct that it was poor old Howlett's heart that was wrong. A man's heart Is in his back as well as in his arms and hands. The old man had turned pale with the pal lor of a man who turns faint In a heat wave, and his arms fell loosely, and Ills hands rock ed helplessly with the knuckles in the dust. X felt myself turning white, too, nnd the slclc, cold, empty feeling in my stomach, for I knew the signs. Travellers stand in awe of sickness and death. But after' I'd fixed him comfortably and given him a drink from the water bag the greyness left his face, and he pulled himself together a bit; he drew up Ills arms and fold ed them across his chest. He let his head i est back against the tree — his slouch hat had fallen off revealing a broad, white brow, much higher than I expected. He seemed to gaze on the azure fin of the range, showing above the dprk blue-green bush on the hori zon. Then ho. commenced to speak— taking no no tice of me when I asked him if he felt better now — to talk in that strange,. absent, far-away tone that awes one. He told his story me chanically, monotonously— In set words, as I believe now, as he had often told it before; if not to others, then to the loneliness of the bush. And he used the names of people and places that I had never heard of just as if I knew them as well as he did. "I didn't want to bring her up the first year. It was no place for a woman. I wanted hor to stay with her people and wait till I'd got the place a little more slilp-shape. The Phlpps tpok a selection down the creek. I wanted her lo wait and come up with them so's she'd have some company— a woman to talk to. They came afterwards, but they didn't stop, It was no place for a woman. » "But Mary would come. She wouldn't stop with her people down country. She wanted to be with me, and look after me, and work and help me." He repented himself a great deal— said the same thing over and over again sometimes. .He was only mad on ono track. He'd tall off and sit silent for awhile; then he'd become aware of me In a hurried, half-scared way, and apologise for putting me to all that trouble, and thank me. "I'll be all, right d'rekly. Best take the horses up to the hut and have some breakfast; you'll find It by the fire. I'll foller you, d'reekly. The wife'll be waltln' an' " He would drop off, and be giflng again pre sently On the old track ; "Her mother was coming up to stay awhile at the end of the year, but the old man hurt his leg. Then her married sister was cominfr, but one of the youngsters got sick and there was trouble at home. I saw the doctor in the town— thirty miles from here — and fixed It up with him. He was a boozer— I'd a shot hint afterwards. I fixed up with a woman In the ' town to come and stay. I thought Mary was wrong in her time. She must have beenamonth or six weeks out. But I listened to her. ... Don't argue with a woman. Don't listen to a woman. Do the right thing. "We should have had a mother woman to talk to us. But It was no place for a woman." ... He rocked his head, as If from some old agony of mind, against the tree trunk. "She was took bad suddenly one nlfeht, but it passed off. Fulse alarm. I was going to ride somewhere, but she said, to wait till day light. Someone was sure to nass. She was a brave and sonsiblo girl, but she had a terror of being left alone. It wns -no place for a wo man, "There was a black shepherd three or four miles away. 1 rode over while Mary was u sleep, and started the black boy Into town I'd a'shot him afterwards If I'd a'caughtHilm. The old black gin was dead the week Before, or Mary would a'bln alright. She was tied up in a bunch with strips of blanket and green- hide. and put In a hole. So there wasn't even . a gin near the place. It' was no place for a woman I "I was watehln' the road at. daylight, and I was watehln' the road at dusk. I went down In the hollow and stooped down to get the gap agen the sky, so's I could see If any one was .coniln' over. . . 'I'd get on the horse and gallop along towards the town for five miles, hut something would drug, me back, and then I'd race for fear she'd die be fore I got to the hut. 1 expected the doctor every five minutes. "It come on about daylight next morning. I run back'ards and for'ards between the hut and tho road like a madman. And no otie come; I was running amongst the logs ahd stumps, and falllti' over them, when I saw a cloud of dust agen sunrise. It .was her mo ther an' sister In the spring-cart, an" just catchln' up to thorn was the doctor In his buggy with the woman I'd arranged with In town. The mother and' sister was stnylng at the town for the night, when they heard of the black boy. It tool: him a day to ride there. I'd a'shot him If I'd a'caught him ever after. The dootor'd been on the drunk. If I'd had the gun and known she was gone I'd have shot hlnijn the" buggy. They said she was dead. And the child was dead, too. "They blamed me, but I didn't want her , to come: it was no place for a woman. . I' never saw them again after the funeral. I',;dldn't want to see tliern any moro." Ho moved his head Wearily against tile tree, and presently drifted on again in a softer tone — his eyes and voice were growing more absent and dreamy and far away. "About a month after — or a year, I lost count of the time long ago— she came back to me. At first she'd come In tho nlgliit, thiitl sometimes when I was at work — and she had the baby— It was a girl— In her arms. And by-and-bye she came to stay altogether. . . I didn't blame her for going away that time — it was no place for a woman, . . . . .She was a good wife to me. She was a Jolly girl when I married her. The little girl grew up like her. I was goin' to seud her down, coun try to be educated— It was no place "for a girl. "But a month, or' a year, ago, Mary left me (I don't klamo hor— it was no placo for a wontati) and took the daughter, and never came back - till last night— this morning, I think It was. I thought at first itwas the girl with her hair done up, and her mother's Bklrt on, to sur prise hor old da'd. But It was Mary, my wife — ns she was when I married her. She said she eoudn't stay, but she'd wait for me. oil the road; on—the road." . . . ; His arms fell, ainj his face went white. I got the water-bag. "Another, turn like, that and ycu'll be gone," I thought, as he came to again. Then I suddenly thought of a shqnt.y . that had been started, when I came that wuy last, 19 or 12 miles along . the road, towards the town. There was nothing for It but to leave htm aud ride on for help, .and a curt of some kind. "You wait here, till I come back,", I said, "I'm going for the.do'ctor." 'i' He roused himself a little. "Best come up to tho hut and get some grub. , The wlfe'll be waiting. . . . ." .. He was off the track again. ' ' "Will you wait while I take the horse down to the creek?" . . ; "Yes-c-I'ff wait by the road.'V "Lopk!"- I said, "I'll leave the tvater-bag handy. Don't move till I come bnck." "I won't move— I'll wait .by the road," he said. , . v ' ' <v ' I took the packhorse,. which; was the fresh est and best, threw tfie pack saddle and bags , Into a bush, left the other, horse to take care of itself, and started for the shanty, leaving the old . man with his back "to the tree, his arms folded and his eyes on the horizon. One of the chaps at the shanty rode on for the doctor at once, while the other came back with me with a spring-cart. He told me that old Howlett's wife had died the first year on the selection— "she was a fine girl he'd heered!" He told me the story as the old man had told it, and In pretty, weir the same words, even to giving It as his opinion that it was no place for a woman. > "And he 'hatted' and brooded over It till he went ratty." I knew the rest. He not only thought that his wife, or the ghost of his wife, had been with him all those years, but that the child had lived and grown up, and that the wife- did the housework; which, of course, he must have done hlmBelf. When we reached him his knotted hands had fallen for the last time, and they were at rest. I only took one quick look, at his face, but could have sworn that he was gaz ing at the blue fin of the range on the hori zon of the bush. Up at the hut the table Was set as on the first day. I saw It, and breakfast In the camp-oven by the fire. 