Wyt ^tetisa. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, IÂ99 THE correspondence laid on tbe table of ,be Assembly regarding tlie establishing )f a naval station at AAbany \ri.l have jeen received with disappointment by ;he people of Albany. It shows that the Premier bas renewed bis liberal offers to ?te Admiralty to induce the naval. ords to establish a naval station here md that they have been again rejected rids only shows that the Premier has aken altogether the wrong coarse to kchieve the end in view. Ic most have ?eeo evident to the Admiralty that the ibject of the Premier was a purely iocai ind selfish one, that all be had in view ras the attaining of a personal object. Che fact is that the Premier's soie idea ras to induce the Admiralty to establish , naval station here to recoup the town or the loss it would snstatn in the event f the mail steameis calling at Fremantle. ?he Premier simply wished to be saved rom doing anything to prevent the rain f the port and he struck apon the appy idea of getting the Admiralty to ive Albany the quid pro quo. It was omewhat audacious bat it was tho roughly characteristic of the Premier and his parly. They do not want to spend any West Australian money io develop ing Albany for that would mean a rail way to the West and the improvement of the port for commercial purposes, bat they have no objection to the Imperial Government spending money here. The Naval Lords mast have been rather astonished when they foand a Colonial Premier urging them to establish a naval station merely because he desired it, and because be was seeking the right ing of a wrong he had done. When tile Admiralty decides to establish naval stations it does so not on the eng , gestion of colonial Premiers but on I the advice of their experts and the de cision wonld be come to not to please a colonial premier or to get him cut of a difficulty but because of Imperial neces sity. It does not appear that the Pre mier ever attempted to get the assistance of the Governments of the Eastern colo nies for his scheme or the reports of the military experts of any of the other colo nies or even of the commandants of the forces of this colony. All he did was to write as Premier of Western Australia and it is very probable that when the naval loras read the letters they muttered to themselves something about presumption. Sir John Forrest perhaps hoped to get a good deal of credit in Albany for bis correspondence but seeing that he has made an awful maddie of the whole affair we fail to see that he deserres it. Th s matter of the placing of a naval station here will have to be dealt with by the federal military, and naval authorities and if they think that it is needed, the Admiralty will very readily acquiesce. The fact is that a naval station at Albany is more of Australian, than Imperial importance. Sc far as the Empire is concerned it may be able to do without a naval station at Albany as this port is four thousand miles from India bat Australia could not afford to lose Albany in time of war and working from Sydney as their base, the ships of the Australian squadron could not very well protect the shipping that passes the Leeuwin.Sir John Forrest's influence with the Admiralty having been proved to be less than his influence in the Assembly . of this colony, the people of Albany most look to the question of the naval station.: being dealt with by the Federal anthon- ; ties. We cannot say that the people of Albany are burning with anxiety regard- ; ing this matter. They will be gratified if a naval station is established hera, bot they would not ask for it merely because it would be of benefit to their trade, nor because the Premier is trying to steal the mail steamers. If it comes in the proper course of events they will be happy, bat it would have been a doubtful blessing if it had enabled the Premier to say, " Now you must not grumble about los ing the mail steamers for 1 haye given, you a naval station in place offbeat.** rle cannot now salve his conscience in that way. No other colonial Prender ever had on his conscience such a politi cal crime as the sacking of Esperance, and if the Premier adds to that crime, the wanton destruction of Albany he will have a couple of lively ghosts in bis cupboard. It would therefore have been too much ¡nek for him altogether if the Premier bad secured the naval station for Albany and luck has befriended bim in the most remarkable way throughout his career. He must now go on with hts cold-blooded policy of destroying towns without the shelter of Imperial ex- . penditure and he mußt accept to the foll the execration he has earned. At Fre mantle the other day the Premier re ferred to the mail steamer question and said he felt sure that those steamers would call tirere about the middle of next year. This, of course, was mere blither ing, just as all his previous predictions have been. He imagines, jost as he did in the case of the Admiralty, that bis influence with the companies, with tim Eastern Golonies and with the British Postmaster-General ts great enough to win their assistance in carrying out his wildest dreams. As Premier, Sir John. Forrest bas become a mere incnbus-aa obstacle in the way of Federation-a hin drance to progress-the Kruger who stands in the way of peace and harmony and unity among ali sections of tbeeom ninnity. He maintains a state of «ar between the Central districts and Albany; between the goldfields and the coast; between the old settlers and the new ; and there cannot be a united and pro gressive colony until he has ceased to hold power. 