A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AT AUBURN EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD. Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in visi tants from another sphere, yet with the major ity of folk the belief dies hard. Miss Marner, of Laming'r-n, Victoria-load. Aitbti:M Victoria, has more i!,a:i once been something resembling a ghost—when, for in stance, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by. many months' illness. She says :— " I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very" ill niter returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently un\vell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feel ing that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrow ins my strength, and I was not to exert my self. As I h.it? no inclination to do ju,~tl,erc waf no fear of my disobeying this order, and I look the " quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then 1 con meneed to feel acute pains jn piy slidulfler find' bp- ck, end j>t night I could scarcely get any rest." " Wetried every thing to jndupe sleep," interposed 11 r. Marner, ■' lint without effect; then I consulted a well known Collins-street practitioner, He said n;y daughter was suffering principally from weak ness, and advised a change. Her mother took her awaj' for a trip to Queensland, but she re turned looking worse, She would also retell on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost. "This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st. 31bs., now 1 am 9st. 71bs." " A great Improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial ?" • " No ; all tho medpine I got did me very littleX'obd.-'.&oUiajly;, fyr. Vv'illiam'a's pink Pills for Pule People deserve that credit. ' jiist be fore tb-1 jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr; Williams'< Pink Pill), at Mr. Pleasance's Chapel-street, Prahran ; they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is n long time since I discontinued taking tlieni, and 1 am ppw as healthy as anyone could wish.!! f! 4nd yoji jrsjujd fepopipipiid theft f'Ves, and "that gtrppgly' too,5' 'said Mr. Marner, " h?d I known of Rr. Williams's Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady did. Dr. Williams's Pink Pills will cure aiiicniin, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofula, consumption, chronic erysipelas bility, indigestion.. kidney diseases, and e'hest and lung troubles, paie and sallow complexions, paralysis, locomotor ntH'-ia, neuralgii, ht, Vitnc' di-.nsa, n^'ovis 'betid; apjie, ap;l all pen-ins diiionipis'.' The are sold by chemists apd storekeepers, and by the Dr. Williams's Medicine. Company, care of Rock'1, Tompsilt and Co., Flinders-street, Melbourne, at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen and threepence, but are genuine only with Ihe full name (seven wows), Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People, on each hex. Thousands have testified to their curative power.':. 