The Last Rites. ETHEL FONBLANQUE. This is God's wilderness, unploughed, unsown, Deep in green turf, and here and there beset With knots of gleaming rush, all one way blown By the unrelieved fret Of tyrannous sea-winds. Overhead, the sky' Leaps wide from hill to bill, Bine, infinite, and still, Deathless above this world ol things that die. Ahmet how far away Are all the sights and sounds of yesterday— The furnace capped with bickering flame, The fixed smoke, whose red-lit underflow Seems like the blnsh of shame For heavens deflowered of crystal noon, White stars and daffodil moon, And clouds of piled snow. Gone are the long gray leagues of stone, The blind misfeaturea street, BUII clattering with the enslaved feet Of those who speed on errands not their own. Gone is tho tireless drone Of wheels that whir by pallid faoes In dim ghost-ridden plaoea, Whore strength of man aad beauty of maid Into the crucible are east To come forth gold at last For the glutted hands of trade. Were it not well, Divorced from all the oncleanness of the town, Here on this sinless slope to dwell, Weaving as in a crown Flowers from the heart of solitary days, And stars pluckt on the height When the soul walks by night, God holding, lest she founder in amate. Untouched by mortal gladness, mortal grief, Here might one rest, sank ia the munnucova grass, And let the soul sway lightly as a leaf Amid the rhythms that wake and stir and pats; Here, dimly brooding, find The lark's thought, when the mother and the nest An all forgot, and he beyond the wind Unlocks the silver fountain ol hi* breast; Here learn the burden of the moorland bee, Here from the brown throat xit the peaty rill Draw forth its babbled mystery. - . Yea, and with these each lamb's bleat on the hill, Each insect's piping cry, And every voice that falters to the sky Should blend their meanings, till at last, Deep-surging, secular, vast. Burst on the car in one full orb of sound Th* music of Ood's heart, the strain To which this earth moves, and the listening train Of all the stars with bright allegiance crowned. 