LOCAL AUD GENERAL. \- ? a. ? JJuw bankruji'B. — .lames Rixnn,r;,of' Bulli, sddler; Joel Axford, of Kiania, engino-di ivor. Occupation liconaes in respect of 12.400 acres, in two lots, Moruyn Land' District, are to be offered for auction Bale shortly. -.??-. WiLUAMSkillon, arrested liy tho Milton police on a charge of being of tinsotind mind, has been sent to the Gladtuville Hospital. A hundred head of dairy stock will be offered at Mrs. Miller's clearing-out at Pyree next Friday by Messrs. Stewart and Morton. The Kiania volunteers for service in South Africa are Lance-C»rporal Win. Smillie, Privatos George Grey, Parker Prior, and Alexander Johnsou. Mr, Jas English, who for some time has boeu a patient of the Sydnny Hospital, is now recovering from his illness, and is expectnd back in Berry shortly. Mr. Ernest Tlosking, who some years agn exposed thu Mrs. Mellon Spook busi ness in Sydney, is con, ing down the Coast shortly with 'a host of novelties.' The Kangaroo Valley Progress Associa tion and the Bench of Magistrates have forwarded letters of condolence to the widow and family of the latu Mr. Thomas Nelson. The Berry Agricultural Society's com mittee bits decided to ask the Govern ment to exhibit some of tho stud stock stationed at Far Meadow as competitors at tho Berry show in December next. The Berry Progress Association has asked the Railway Commissioners to pro vide the 5.10 p.m. train Nowra to Sydney with a postal letter-bux ; and alsn to place phot'igraphs of district scenery in railway carriages. Mr. Itf. Groen, nf Far Meadow, tho other day received a nasty wound through a cut from an axe he was using which gla'iced offa piece of timber and struck him 011 thu right leg. The cut extended to the bone, and had to bu stitched by Dr. Lowers. A young fellow from tho back-blocks entered 11 store in Nowra whilst several residents wur-i there discussing the Trans vaal war. Newcastle was mentioned, and the raw one, with some knowledge at least of Australian ge'giapliy, anxiously declaimed, *' Golly, hid they thatcluse. ; ' In the Assembly on Wednesday Mr. Fegnn, in reply to Mr. Dight, said the Government had no intention of estab lishing an experimental or model firm at Berry, but had leased at th 't place a farm on which to run the imported cattle, recently utalioned at Kirkhmu The area of the land was 17Ci acres, aud h.ul been secirnl fora term «f five years, with right of renewal for another five years, at a rental of £1 per acre per annum. Old superstitions die hard (remark? the ' Ulladulh and Milton Times ') not with standing tlie spread of education and the higher intelligence that follows enlighten ment on general topics. At a meeting at Wandniidiaii t» establish a Progress Com mittee, even alarm was felt in one'.quarter at a piopoBal to have 13 members mi that body. Audible relief mis expressed when ' the ghost was h.id low ' by changing the number to 14. Rev. Hornby Spear got a good thing off at the Congivgn ionnl ten meeting by noti fiying tho receipt of cable intelligence that ' tlie B .era had offered £500 for Rhodes' head.' As he looked towards the Rev. Mr. Mhndes when making the announce ment tho audience became convulsed with laughter, aud the hilarity was in creased when the chairman drily remarked he ' wasn't aware before tlut he was worth so much.' — Milton 'Times.' The Berry Bench on last court day heard a little dispute between Robert Nnrris and William Beacom over a fee said to be illegally imposed on poundage of a horsu. Bcaooin, it appears, im pounded Nnrris's horse from Beacom's farm, and Norris, who had to pay 2s. 4d. damages, submitted that Beacom's land was not properly fenced along the road side, though Beacom reasoned that if the fenou wab fit to keep his oattle in, it was fit fclsn to keep Norris's out, Senior cnnstable Morris supported the testimony as to thu funce not being complete. The Bench held that plaintiff had a case, and ordered Deaeom to refund Is. charged as damages and to pay costs, including pro. fesnional fee. A Progress Association has been formed at Wandnndian, as the result of a meeting held at Mr. E, C, Chard's re sidence. The committee consists of Messrs. J, Ellinoos, P. Hoffman, Alex. Mat hit, W. Watt, T. Ganderton (South Tnmerong and St. George's Basin) ; E. C. Chard, H. L. Oliver, M. Mat hie, P. Egan, H. McTaggart, B. Loulit (Wandandian) ; T. Doolan, jiin., R. Walsh, and J. Loadsmnn, sen. (Jerra* wangla and Berrara). Mr. Oliver haB been appointed secretary pro tern. The boundaries of the district forming the scope of the committee's operations take in the purifies of Farnlinm, Jerrawangla, and Wmnlandian (U- Stewart's creek, which embraces South Tomcrony and the ii.isiti), Ton additional rooms are being eree'ed at tho Steam Paoket H«tel, Sbellharbor. ,. Mr. J. Eggins, aged 90, one of the pioneer settlers of (he Cl&rence; River,. AiSi on Sunday. ' : Mr. Andrew GoUan's maro Muriel, by Oudeis, 1ms dropped a fine colt foal by Rtissley (imp.) - ' . _ Marshall Campbell, Council Clerk* at Wilcannia, has beon arrested on ft charge of embezzling £107 19d 2d, moneys of tho Council. A black snake, 6 ft. long, put in ap pearance at the public school at Wallaby Hill, Kiama, the other day, and was despatched by Mr. Wallace Alexander by means of a shot gun. Senior-Sergeant Brayne, Licensing Inspector, has submitted a very satisfac tory quarterly report on the condition of hotel premises in the Kiania Police Dis trict. The Rev. J. Hargrave said at Dapto on Sunday list that that place bad con tributed more money to the Home Mission funds than any other township on the South Coast. Tho ltuv. Fr. Fl ihavan, of Moruya, is about to visit England on a six months' holiday. Oil Tuesday last he was enttr tained at asocial and presented with a purse uf sovereigns. Philip Henry Dawes, who cut his throat at Jainberoo a fo.v weeks ago, died in the Eiatna Hospital on Saturday. His mind had become affected through failuro in business, and he had attempted to take his life a short time buck in Sydney. The Kev. Harold Wheett, in the coarse of an address at Kiama recently on ' Social Purity,' said that whilst young men wore g--ing out to tho Transvanl to fight for tbuir country, they should not forget that the loftiest and most heroic patriotism was that which constrained them tn fight tho moral and social evils that were undermining Australia's greatness. It «'as n nobler thing to Jive for their country than to die for it. The member tor Cuonamble, Mr. Hugh MiicUonald, created a good deal nf merri ment in the Legislative Assembly. Speak ing in favor of Mr, Lyno's morion for sending a contingent of N.S.W. troops to the front, the lmn. inembersaid: 'There . is a great deal of sympathy for the Boers on account of their Christianity and Sruger's capacity for prayer. But if a man can wrestle in prayers for three hours, and then go out and steal £800,000 worth n[ gold, there is something in the ofBcany of prayer that I never knew be fore.' The second annual meeting of tbe Ulawarra District Wusluynn Synod held its session in Kinnm this week. All thu ministers were present, namely, tbe Horn. J. Gardiner (WnlU,ngin-s), president of the conference ; J. Robson (Berry), J. W. Moore (Fviamu), C. J. McCoy (Xnwra), D. A. Gilsoimn (Beg-i), P. E. Fletcher, M.A. (Bullii, F. J. Branch (Robertson), F. Dix»n (Muruya), Harold Wheen (Jam lieroo), J. Sharkie (Milton). No ministers have died during the year, and none applied to be m«de supurnuiuary. Thu examination of character proved satisfactory. A candidate for tho ministry Was examined and preached a tii.il ser uion on ThuisJay night. It was reported that tlie Risv. J. H. Waddull had been iiujied to the Ki.im;» circuit and the Rev. J. Scharkie to Wollongong. Tho president of the conference preached his official sermon on Wednesday. At the Gerringnng Council meeting on Monday last a letter was received from Mr. Alex. Hay, enclosing tracings of a i)uw road from Toolijnna to an overhead bridge midway to Berry, at which a wood siding was to bo immediately erectod. From the overhead bridge tho road con nected with the Beach road, thence 011 to Coolaiigatta and Berry. The intention to follow the railway line had been aban doned owing to the cost and the large quantity of material that would be re quired to raise tho road above flood level. The now portion of road would ut once be handed over to the Council after being formed if tho Council was agreeable to same. The width of tho road ivas the sumo as that running through Mr. Sheehey's farm, and connected with Tooli jooa road. After some discussion, it was dooided to let the matter stand over for a fortnight. 