FELIX'S FLIGHT. MRS O'CONNOR'S SAD STORT DETAILED IN THE DIVORCE COURT. .Desertion for upwards of three 5cnrs and misconduct, "coupled with cruelty, were tho grounds upon which Mrs Eliza beth Ann Catherine O'Connor, of Dean street. Moonce I'onds, sought a divorce from her husband. Felix O'Connor, now of West Australia, baker. The peti tion waa hoard In the Divorce Court this afternoon. Mr J. O'llara Wood (In structed by Mr W. II. Peers) appearing for the petitioner. Tlie parties were married on the 2Clh October, 1SS7, and there was one child of the marriage, whose custody the peti tioner prayed for. Mr Wood said thnt the O'Connor mar riage wa.« an unhappy ono from the start. First tho parties resided in Ralhdown street, Carlton, whore respondent ypent much of his time at the races and in tho ball alley. He drnnk a good deal, and stayed out late at nighty. Respondent did not contribute towards hl« wife's tup- port. and In July. l.W. he loft her. He | went home to Ireland to collect some : money to which he wa« entitled, and when i , he got it— about L50&— he had a real good j j time. He hcught a racehors?, and went j upon the turf. where he met ! other Australians. His carter as a I sportsman In Ireland lartcd for two years. I Then Mr O'Connor returned to Australia, j but before landing on these shores he ' sent his wife a telegram : "Kindly meet ! steamer: bring two or three pounds with | you." (Laughter). Mr? O'Connor did net meet the steamer or bring the msney, i but her husband called upon her in the course of the day. There war, however, no- Improvement In his character, and he never made any at tempt to get petitioner ft home. As -"a mutter of. fact. -he had never given his wife a- penny In his life, except a birth day "gift" of 1,2, and that wax part of the proceeds of u valueless cheque for L7, cashed by the petitioner's mjther. (Laughter). So that Felix really mad L5 out of his family by the transaction. (Laughter). Respondent went into the country In search of employment, and the parties never afterwards lived to gether. In 1855 the husband went to Went Australia. II" corresponded with his wife from time to time, but never sent her any nicney. Mr Wood read extracts from the let ters. which he said showed that respon dent was a bit of a hush lawyer and afflicted with cacoothen scrlbemll. In one of them O'Connor wrote, "We may spend our old age together, If not our youth. No other woman but you will ever be anything to me." In another letter he referred to hln guilty con science. and said thnt he felt "ffke ft murderer who saw the ghost of his vic tim every night." Mr Wood construed tho latter expression Into an admission that respondent had once communicated, a loathsome disease to his wife. 1'otltloner gave evidence in accord ance with her counsel's opening, and said that she suffered from a disease contracted from her hushnhd. Petitioner's mother (Mrs E, Brown) said thut prior to the marriage she lent O'Connor LI 30 to buy a business, hut ho hnd never repaid any part of the loan. His Honor -granted a decree nisi on the ground of desertion, petitioner to have custody of the child. 