GENTLEMAN JACK'S LATE REPENTANCE. Sitting in a tavern on tte old village turn piko were three men. They had been driveu from city to eity because ot their misdeeds and general bad character. Two were heavy-looking, beetle-browed ruftinns. with the surly, furtive expression which comes of long residence in couvict orisons : the third man. much vouneer than his companions, was of a different stamp, more nfiued and intellectual, though his face oIbo bore the impress of evil passions sad riotous living. 44 I've been dote afore,' one sullen rascal was saying, between puffs at a short clay pipe, 44 and I ain't goin' to be done again puff— 41 if 1 knows it. I've marked the crib puff — 1 14 it's all serene. But there's a lot of work —puff— an' a lot o' stuff. I couldn't carry a quarter of it, or I'd do the job myself. 1 must hare pals. Are you game ?' 44 Game enough, Spotter,' answered the youBgnst of the three, whose voice in com parison with the first speaker's bad quite a cultured ring, despite the slang, 44 but it is playing low down on Dave and me to keep us in the dark. Where is the crib P' 41 Not far distant. I'll say no move.' Aud Spotter closed his mouth with a resolute snap IUIUBUC lUItlUDl IjUOBflUUIUg. 41 You'd better stow yer gab, Gentleman Jack,' interposed the third, whose closely cropped hair and stubbly chin indicated a reoent discharge from oue of the prisons. 44 Wbeu Spotter says it's all serene it's good enough forme;an'if you'd wanted a proper meal as long as I 'ave, it'd be good enough for you.' Gentleman Jack shivered doubtless at some personal reminiscence 44 That's all tight, Dave,' he said; 14 bat when I'm going to risk another pinch I want to know something about the job. I suppose Spotter is afraid we might forestall him P' 44 Duono about forestall,' growled Spotter, 44Jf you mean slip iu first, that's just what I atu afraid of. I've a safe thiug. Den't both speak at once, but 1 wantter know if you're onP' 44 Yes,' said Gentleman Jack. 44 Oh, aye.' Dave answered. 41 It's good enough for anybody, bar a bleomia' ediot, if ynu say so.' 4,Th- u meet me at the old mill, at 12 sharp.' 44 What about the tools ?' asked Dave. 44 They're planted. D'ye tbink I'm such a mug as tor carry 'em on me ? I'm a houto' woik carpenter, ( am, goiu' ter start ou a job first ihiog.m the moroin'. The tools ain't far from the job, you bet.' Dave laughed, emptied his glass and went nut. Gentleman Jack waited a few moments, smoking io silence, then followed. When both had had time to clear away, Spotter also departed from the bar-room. Professional burglars. do not leave tnuch to chance. Spotter, otherwise known as hicbard Savage, whs loader of the gang. His sobiiquethe dt rived from his occupation, which was 41 Knotting ' likf-lo hniiftefi. mak-inc th« HeotR. sary inquiries, 44 balming,' that is, suborning, tbs servants— iu short, planning burglaries Dave Cradrieck was also so old band, recently rehased from Black well's Island. Of Gentle man Jack, even his confederates knew very little, which would pirhapB account for Spotter's cautious reticeucr. They were aware that he had beeu a 44 penman;' or forger, because he ba l bteu sentenced to a term of penal servitude for that ofleuee, but not one of the gang, which comprised about a dozen expert cracksmen, was acquMuted with bis real name. Nor will it he divulged here. At the hour appointed the three met at the old mill, each coming froui adiffereot direction. A more suitable night for their evil enterprise could not have beeu chosen There was ou moon, not a star visible, aud the darkness could direction of a suburban town. Guided by his fouuteps. Gentleman Jack and Dave followed at a safe distance. After a time Spotter left the road and visited a shed iu a field. When he rejoined his companions he osrried s car penter's satchel over bis shoulder. Half an hour's walk brought them to a large house standing in its own grounds near a paik. The building, however, was quite iovistble ; *o light showed in any of the windows. But Spotter halted outside the gate, 44 The crib's there,' be muttered, pointing in the direction of the bouse. 44 We've only got a widder an' her daughter to deal with, an' three servants as sleeps in the attic. But we sha'n't disturb nobody, if we've decent luck.' *4 Adj dogs P' asked Dare. 44 There was,' Spotter replied, under bii breath. 44 1 reckon they're buried in the garden by row,' and be chuckled at he thought of the cruel died which bad robbed the widow of her faithful guardians. They entered the drive.treading softly on the louse travel. Suddruly Gentleman Jack came to a stand. 14 Spotter,' he whsipered, 44 what's the widow's name P' 44 Blessed if I know,' was the reply ; . 11 1 never asked.' 44 What's the name of the house P' 44 Dunno. I can't read.' ** Do you know what rosd it's in ?*' 44 Old Boston road, I reckon ; but what's the odds P' Gentleman Jack asked no more questionSfbut as he followed his companions he muttered to j himself : 44 Lucy said they were going to live io the avtuae, so it's all right.' j They were now at (be bsok of the building. Spotter pointed down the garden. 44 If we've to cut and run,' he whispered, 44 clear off that way.' Turning on a bull's eye lantern, he allowed & momentary gleam to rest on a window near bis elbow. It revealed a close array of bars. 44 Every blessed wioder in reach is tbo same,' he went on. 4* That's why I didn't take ou. the job single- handed. We've got to the 'em through.' Their well-greased files made scarcely auy sound. In less than half an hour the protecting bars were cut through and removed. With a brotd-bladtd putty knife. Spotter then pushed bsok (be window- catch, and lifted thffsash. Ait look off their boots Bod entered the nom, a kitchen. Dave closed the window cautiously, and the three crept along the .hall to another large room on the ground floor, where Spotter first made sure that the blinds' were closely drawu, then Jit the gae, one barney whiob he turned very low. The dim light enabled them to perceive that the walls were covered with paintings, but the glitter of collarettes aud silver ornaments attiactid them Io a sideboard, and nothing else had any interest. \- iuc uijjiu -mum, wui9}iaiaii opuvter, WJ-C had uot 44 balmed ' the servants for uothing. 44 There's a Bight more in that picou o' fur *iniihtr than we can carry away.' ' 44 Let a get at it, then,' said Dave. 'Geutlemsu Jack picked the lock in a twink ling. The plate was taken out and tied up iu ^handkerchiefs ready for removal. This doer, Dave fetched a cellarette and gl&ssLS; from the ] sideboard. 41 1 reckou we've earned a drink,' be mut- ! tared, grinning. | \- 44 Hold 'aid a bit,' Spotter rejoined. 44 It's about time the copper pasBod. I know bis best. When he's gone, we'll take it easy for 'alf an hour afore clearing out.' He turned the light still lower and listened . at tbo window. It was unnecessary. The policeman's tramp could be heard 300 yards away. When his footsteps were no longer audible Spotter turned up the light aad lit - another burner. 44 We're all serene now,' be said. 41 Gentle men, see if you can find a box of cigars about.' GcQtluoi»n Jack approached the sideboard, over which hung a large portrait of an officer in cavalry uniform, now plainly visible in the strong gaslight. As bis gate rested upon it bis jaw dropped ; hs staggered back, still with his eyes fixed on the pictnre. An exclamation burst from hi6 lips Then, pulling himself to gether, he walked Blowly round the room, ste&dfrstly; regarding every portrait on the wall*, while Spotter aud Dave watched him in amazement. The tour ended, Gentleman Jack confronted his fellow burglars. His lips moved, but hs seemed unable to speak. 'What's up, Matey P' asked Spotter. 'You look as if you'd seen a ghost.' 44 I have.' said Gentleman Jaek, with an effort. 44 Spotter— Dave— we got to put all the things back and get away.' 44 He's gone balmy on the crumpet,' mut tered Dave, nodding at Spotter. 44 I'll see Lim ? Spotter's blasphemous expression ueed not be repeated. 44 He must 'ave gone dotty,' he added. 44 No — no, 'said Gentleman Jack, 'my head's all right. Fat the thiugs back and come away, fur htaveu's sake ! '' 14 1 alius thought the gentleman was a bit queer uithe cut,' vavvi Dave, nodding at Spotter again. 4* Now 1 knows it.' 44 What's up with you, man P ' cried Bpotter, a ffood dfikl louder than was urudent. 44 Just this,' replied Geutlemau Jack. 44 That picture,' pointing to the drawing over the side board, 44 is the portrait of my father. He's dead ; I killed him. This is tny mother's house ; 1 can't rub it.' Dave whistled. Spotter laughed incredu lously. 44 Who d'yer reckon's goin' to believe that tale ? ' he muttered. 44 You'd five years for writing a name as wasn't yer own en a bit ©' paper— a matter o' seventy pounds, I've beered. G&rn; I If your folks had lived in a house like this, they'd have got you off somehow.'' *4 Only the governor knew,' rejoined Gen tleman Jack, 44 aud the case had gone too far. I didn't want to disgrace them. I've leen an awful scoundrel I broke the governors heart, and well uigb the mater's, though she doesn't know that 1'vo done time. Yes, I've beeu an awful scoundrel,' he repeated, 44 but 1 haven't sunk so low as to rob my own mother, or see anybody else do it.' 44 Then you'd better jolly well shut yer peepers, 'relumed Spotter, as hestized a bundle oF the plate. ' Tick up some of the stuff, Dave, an' come along, ' he added, aB be made for the door. But Gentleman Jack reached it first. 44 You'll have to settle me before you take that,' he said. 44 Pat it down, or 1 shall rouse the bouse.' 44 You will, will you ?' cried Spotter, in sud den furv. And snatching a rtvulver from his 1 bip-pocket he covered bis late confederate. 'Kow, you just sing small, my fine bird, or I'll precious soou drill a bole through y- u The door behind Gentleman Jack opened. He turned, but instantly fxcod about, banging bis head. In the doorway stood a young girl, clad in a dressing-gown, glancing from one to auother of the three u:eu with frightened eyes. 44 What are you doing here ?' she demanded. And thru Bhe raw the bundles of plate. 44 Burglars !' sbe suddenly cried. 41 Jane— Audrew I' Spotter sprang upon her. With one great bony hand he clutched her white throat, with the other he piessed the muzzle of his revolver against her forehead. 44 Shout again,' be hissed, 44 and I'll blow your brains out ! Dave, bring a cloth, or sum mat, an' gsg btr !' But the girl possessed both strength and courage By a violeut effort she frt ed herself and 'rushed into the hall, with Spotter after ber The ruffian caught her by the hair, which Lung loosely to her waist, and dragged her back. ijeutteman .laca s race turuea oi a guastiy hue His breath came iu quick, short gasps. His fists were tightly clenched. 44 God help me !' he cried, suddenly. 44 1 can't stand this I' and with all bis force he struck Spotter between (be eyes, .The ruffian let go the girl's hair and stag gered across the room, but recovered himself in an instant. There was a torrent of oaths, a flash, a crack, and Geotleman Jack flung up his arms and fell heavily on the carpet When the terrified servants rushed into the room .Spotter and Dave bad disappeared. The plunder lay where they bad left it in their hur ried flight. Bending over Gentleman Jack's motiouless form was their young mistress, sob* uiur ujotKiiuanj' *uu *T4ia£iujf set ur.uus. 44 It's Claude !' sbe cried, between her sobs. 44 Claude, my poor brother, come back at-Jast— come here to save my life \ He's dead !— the burglars have killed him. Don't let biB mother know I' and she fell fainting across his body. Geutleman Jack was dead — shot through the heart. His atonement came top late. Let us hope it was sufficient to wipe out bis reoord of crime. The murder caused & great seosstien. Gentle man Jack's body was recognised as that of so ex-convicr, but the police kept their own ooun- ! sel. The victim's mother aud sister never knew the troth. It was unnecessary to tell them, as lb turned out, for Bpotter escaped tiial fur that I crime. He wts killed in a drunken brawl at the very time that the detectives were seeking him. Soon afterwards Dare was arrest* d for auotber offence and sent back to prison. As the mention of Gentleman Jack's real name would only cause pun to innocent people it is withheld. ? 