Royal Wraiths and Banshees. At the time of the tragic death of the Empress of An&tria; it was recalled that, at the beginning of last year, a sentry on guard in the Castle of Schonbrunn saw the ghost of the " White L«dy" slowly walking in the room where he w.is. According to popular belief in Austria, this apparition is seen whenever any cilamity is about to fall on the membera of the Imperial House ot Austria. I know very well that men of science exclaim, " Illusion ! Hallucination ! ' But in this particular instance there seems" to be a very great deal to be said for the popular belief as against the sceptical jaJgments of those accustomed to reason exclusively on lacts of the physical order. » • * For instance, the famous *' White Lady" was seen in 18G7, some time before the death of the unhappy Maximilian, Emperor of Mexico. She was also seen in 1889, immediately before the death ot the unhappy Archduke Rudolph, who died nnder the most mysterious and terible circumstances in the Forest of Myeiling. Still later the " White Lady " appeared in the corridors of the same Castle ot Schonbrunn to announce another catastrophe, the Bhipwreck of John Orth, the ex-Archduke, who was drowned on his illfated voyage from Valparaiso. • • * Explain it how one will,. by the princ ; ple of coincidences or otherwise, there is unfortunately much truth in the popnlar tradition which connects the successive apparitions of a phantom in the guise of a young woman veiled in white, with the destinies of the Imperial Family of Austria. The mind of the Emperor bimBelf was deeply penetrated by this belief, since, after having learned of the most recent apparition of the wraith at Schonbrunn, he remarked on several occasions that he was very anxious for the end of the year to come. Ia German legends " White Ladies " b&v;? an important" place. Of old they inspired great terror, both in the people and the nobility' In medieval days there was hardly a great German family without its " White Lady." Of course the royal family of Hobenzollern has one of its own. It is said that she appears every time that death is about to Strike one of the membera of the family. The evening before the death of William 2., and also the night before that of Frederick IIL, the father of the present Emperor, she was seen wandering abont the rooms of the royal palace at Berlin. Bat the two " White Ledies," that of the house of Austria and that ot the royal family ot Prussia, do not resemble one another. The first, the Austrian one, appears as a pale young woman, marvellously beautiful,'with a long flowing white veil, whereas the second is of more terrible aspect. There is something more grotesque also in the German apparition, for she appears, it is said, with a broom in ber hand, and is popularly known as "The Sweeper.'' * * • Nearly all the royal palaces of Europe have their own familiar ghost. Windsor Castle harbors a mysterious lady draped in black, who was seen for the first time two years ago nnder the following! circumstances :—A young officer on guard at the castle was reading one evening in the library, when all at once he saw a woman in black, ber head swathed in a black lace veil, passing before him and gliding into a neighboring room. The room into which she went has no exit now, but had one three hundred years ago, in the "spacious days of Elizabeth." The officer hastened after the vanishing lady, bnt in; vain. Shel.had^dUappeared.. .This uncinny event caused a great impresBion'at Windsor Castle, where moBt of the landies-in waiting were persuaded tbat the ghost must be that of Queen Elizabeth. Indeed, according to an ancient tradition, that part of the castle where the ghost appeared has always been haunted jby the ghost of Ann Boleyn's daughter. Since her most recent appearance moaning and waitings have been heard from time to time in the hall where the officer saw her, so that it is said that the night guards have been doubled in that part of the Castle. * * » A similar phantom haunts the palace of Hesse Darmstadt. From time immemorial a " White Lady " has taken np her abode there. Indeed, it was from the legend of thiB palace that Wagner borrowed the subject of "Lohengrin," just as Scribe borrowed from the pages of Sir Walter Scott the subject of his play entitled " LA Dame Blanche." * • • The Tuileries also had their ghost. Bat it was neither a " White Lady" nor a "Black Lady," It was a "Red Man." Catherinede Medici, who was most superstitions, like most Italian women, imagined that she had seen at the Tuileries a " Red Man" who dogged her footsteps persistently. So she made haste to quit the palace, which had only just been built; for another dwelling, where the red spectre left her definitely in peace.; jS^gj » » » If we are to believe a historian of some repute, the Comte de Segur, the great Napoleon, just before his Russian campaign, underwent a similar experience to that which befell Brutus before Philippi and Crook-back Richard before Bosworth Field. Seated in his study in the Tuileries, the Emperor beheld before him one nigbt the famous Red Man of Catherine de Medici. A long conversation ensued between Napoleon and the ghost. Then the Emperor was heard to exclaim : " It is too late now. All has been decided npon." Some days afterwards Napoleon undertook the campaign in Russia, which ended, as is well known, by the awful retreat from MOBCOW. * * » The memory of the "Red Man" hovered for many years over the Tuileries. The Empress Eugenie, who knew the history of this phantom, did not like it to be spoken of before her. Had she a presentiment of the evils which were about to break over the y lem devoted heads of herself, her husband, and ber dynasty ? Just a fortnight ago the Aliens Restriction Act was Iput into operation in New South Wales for the first time. The steamer Koningin Louise arrived at Sydney with 39 Austrians, tour Italtans, and three Syrians bound for New Zealand. Eight o the Austrians and the three Syrians being unable to fulfil the education test provided to: in the Act were refused permission to land in Sydney, and had therefore to remain on board the steamer. Patronise T. HOOD AND CO.'S Circulating Library Deposit aad Exchange 