NOTES IN THE COUNCIL. The influenza has been very kind to the (.'hie/ .Secretary. He was one of the three Cabinet Ministers v-ho were not disabled by this ailment, and so the sitting of the legislative Council was not disturbed, as it might have been by the absence of the only Minister in this Chamber. In all sisteen Councillors were in their places when Sir Richard Baker took the chair. All the absentees arrived later. Replying to Mr. Stirling the Chief Secretary- mid the Government would agree to the same publicity being given to the debates in the Council on the Household Suffrage Bill as had been given to those in the Assembly. (Cheers.) He would make arrangements accordingly, unless a corrtwiiy, :oj>mion waa- expressed. - jtHeir,-: hear.) •Soon after 2 o'clock the Government representative rose to move the second reading of the Household Suffrage Bill. The public interest in the measure "for the extinction of the Legislative Council" was indicated by a strangers' gallery ^audience of less than a dozen. But later in the afternoon tbe seats below "outside the bar" accommodated at least e?si a -core score or of ammiic attentive listeners. Mr. O'Loshlin seemed proud of the Bill. "It l" is, every word and letter as we have it before us, the same as was introduced here last sessioa " It had been said thai, the electors did not understand what thev were voting for on the referendum. (Cheers.). But, said the Chief Secretary, this Bill cannot come into force until another referendum is taken, aad that will be an opportunity for their objecting if they do not want the measure. In tracing the history of the Council reform agitation to show that there had been a demand for the Bill —his argument was certainly not conclusive in this respect—the Minister at last reached the record of the dwindling majorities in the Assembly on the present Bill.. Sir Edwin Ssnith—What about the third reading? The Chief Secretary—It was carried by 30 to 21. The Minister counted pairs, and Mr. Ward interjected — You don't count pairs constitutionally. The Chief Secretary — 1 have included pairs in all cases. (Daughter.) Mr. Sandford—Tbe number for the Bill was 34 before. The Minister, however, hckl that the Bill had passed through the Assembly by the requisite constitutional majorities. (Liughter.) The present proposal was merely to give householders a vote. Mr. Stirling—It won't stop there, will it? An hon. member—No; there will be adult suffrage. Mr. O'Loghlin —Let us consider one proposal at a time. If hon. members think this is a fair i>roject, when the other scheme comes there will be time -to oppose it. (Mr. Willcox—"Why make two bites at a cherry?' 1 ) He denied that the Labour Party would be a dominant power if the Bill were passed. Tlie result of the Assembly elections under adult suffrage was an illustration of that. Household suffrage had no bearing whatever on the question of representation on the basis of population. Mr. Ward—It is the means by which they hope to get it. The Chief Secretary said they must remember that adult suffrage had been adopted for the Federal Parliament. Mr. Howe— There is no analogy beiwsen the Senate and the Council. MrO'Loghlin contended that the Senate nerformed all the functions of the Upper House, and would they have the electors in every general election reminded of the difference in the franchise of the Federal and Provincial Upper Houses? Mr. Ward—Reminded by pro-, fcssional political agitators: by nobody else. (Hear, hear.) Mr. O'Loghlin closed ;;<n hour-and-a-quarter's speech with the expression of his firm conviction that wluitever happened to the Bill the great bulk of the people would not Ire satisfied until they had a vote for both Houses. This question would rise like a £host at every general election until it was settled. Mr. Ward—Yes: it will be like a ghost. (Laughter.) Mr. Addison asked the President if Mr. Gordon's contingent motion was to be considered an amendment ->n the Bill. Sir Richard Baker replied that it was an amendment on th< motion for the seond reading. Mr. Ward —If it is carried the Bill will not be amended. The President—-Tust so. Tlie Bill Ciin only be amended in Committee. Mr. Stirling secured the adjounameut of the debate until Tuesday. The remainder of the afternoon was spent in Committee on the Crown Lands Consolidation Bill, and two-thirds of Jhe Conn cillors were contort to leave the discussion to the others, for only when divisions were •-.tiled for were there more than abou: a t'livd of hon. members iii their places. Mr. Warren was responsible for several amendments. the chief of which provide for the application of the Tenants' Relief Board in the matter of appeals. Tlie Chief Secretary did not appreciate Mr. Wai-ren's successes. "If," observed Mr. O'Loghlin, "the lion member continues in this way. and a tna.io ritv of the Council chooses io follow him lie will set this Bill into ara irretrievable position." •Progress was reported on clause 72 Tlie Council will sit only two days ihi: week, but three next week. 