THE MISSING HEIR OF CALLONBY. By Mbs. G. Sheldon, Authoress of " Dorothy's Jewels, '' 1 The Masked Bridal,1' Etc. CHAPTER XXIV, " is he not dead ?" Bask, with a terrible, suffocating force, flew the life-biood upon the heart of Madge at these words. A low cry of ter ror parted her pale lips, and her eyes gleamed wildly, as, turning in 'he direc tion whence the voice proceeded, she be- held a tall, gaunt figure standing close at her side : but even in her fear, she noted the fact that it was not the knight of her drama. She Btertad back affrighted, stumbled, and would have fallen, had not tiio crea tors put forth hi- hand to aave her. It aeemed like the touch of the dead, that cold, clammy hand, with its claw- like fingers, and the flesh shrunken from the bones ; and wildly beating it from her, she turned hither and thither, seek ing frantically for some way of escape from the fearful, startling presence. Tha evil, sinister face of the wretch took on a pitying look, as he saw the fair girl's extreme terror, and with a reassuring voice, he said, as he, too, moved a step or two from her : " 1 will do ye no harm, fair lady, so do not fear. X do not wonder at yer fright, for I never was a pleasant companion at my best, and much leas so now, when I'm just ready to drop into the grave, for a young and tender maiden like yourself." He was a swarthy-looking follow, and much emaciated, while a hollow, racking cough interrupted him at every other word. He had piercing black eyes, while coarse, shaggy hair and whiskers, haoging in disorder about his haggard face and neck, made him repulsive in the extreme. Had Mr Dispeau been in his daughter's place he would have recognised in this wretched, dying being, his companion in the ruins, on that moonlight night, when he so startled him in the old library, a year previous. Time, dissipation, and hardship had done their work, and this accomplice of Lord Callonby'e, whom he so hated and feared, was evidently in the laBt stages of consumption, and not Long for this world. 44 No, do not fear," lie repeated, in a sad voice, as he saw Madge's fear was only partially subdued, 41 and do not try to fly, for ye will only become bewildered among all these alcoves and passages. It is lucky for ye that I happened to be hiding here, else I fear ye would have a hard time cf it finding yer way back to the park again. Now 1 can guide ye, my Lady, if ye will trust yerself to mo. Sure ye needn't fear the like o me, for one push from yer little white hand would measure me iu the dust," He smiled grimly as he said this, and, holding up his hand, Madge saw that it shook from very weakness, and, feeling much relieved, she said, though her voice trembled : 44 Thank you, if you will be so kind as to show me the way out, 1 would like to go back at once." She was eager to breathe the pure air of heaven once more, and to get out of the uncauny place as booq as possible, and she took a few hasty steps away from him 44 Nay, nay, my lady, ye do not half trust me yet (and it is no wonder, either), but I swear 1 would not harm a hair of yer bright head. If it was the old lord in your place, though, I could not promise so much for him,'1 returned the man, with a half- suppressed oath, which was followed by another severe fit of coughing, making the echoes ring dismally through tho weird place. 44 Qa I" said Madge, suddenly, her fear all gone, and implicit trust in him in stantly taking its place, at his words. " VVhy would you harm Lord Callon- by 1" she asked, ever on the alert where his lordship was concerned. 44 Because I hate him—because he lives upon the fat of tbe land, while I am starving ; yes, starving, miss, whon a few crumbe from hia table, a few shillings from his pocket, would serve to keep life in me a little longer,' he whispered, hoarsely, and with a tiger- like gleam in his fierce black eyes. 41 And won't he give you something? I can hardly thiuk ho would allow any one to go hungry from his door when he has such abundance," returned Madge, in surprise. 14 Ah, maybe not as a general thing, but he does not care how quick 1 am out of tbe way ; the sooner my body lies under tbe ground the better for hiin. But I'll haunt him while I lire ; he shall uot take his ease with his ill-gotten wealth, while there is breath in this poor old wreck," and he beat his hands wildly upon his breast. 44 Yea, and my ghost shall haunt him after I'm dead," he continued, in a fierce whisper; then added, dejectedly: 44 But one doesn't know much about what he'll do in the other world ; it's not very pleasant to think about, especially if one hasn't lived the right kind of life here. Do you believe, miss he went on, an eager look shining in his sunken eyes, 44 it is ny good to repeat of wrong at the end of life ? It eannot right the wrong, I well know, but will sincere sorrow do tbe poor tinner any good, do ye think, miss I" 44 Surely we have the promise of for giveness, if we are truly sorry for sin," replied Madge, tbe tears gathering in her eyes and feeling a deep and sudden inte rest in the poor wretch. 41 Thank ye ; but — well, I'm not sure- it doesn't matter much whether a ne'er-do- well as I am is saved or not ; there's no one but the old woman who would care, anyway ; only it wonid be pleasant like to feel sure I'd get a welcome from her, and a sight of her honest old face t'other side. But bless yer sweet, pitying eyes, miss, I'm not worth suoh a look as ye give me ; if it were not for the sad, sod face of a girl, lovely as yerself, that rises up before me in my dreams, I oould rest more peace ful like. She was a sweet girl, old Lord Outhbert's daughter," he went on, in a musing, rambling way, and Madge's heart leaped at his words, 44 and her sunny face was never clouded with sorrow until her sore trouble overtook her. Ah 1 her heart-broken cry rings in my ears now, as it did when she saw his body a-lying there in the grand old castle hall, and it was enough to melt the heart of the devil himself. It was too bad, too bad." 44 What do yon mean 9 Of whom are you talking 9 Do you mean young Outh bert's body f Please explain; for I do not understand you," cried Madge, eagerly, and almost breathless with ex citement, for she began to think the man must know a good deal concerning this very mystery in which she was eo deeply interested. 44 1 was talking abont Miss Nora, but ye don't know anything about her maybe, for ye be a stranger here, I take it, or ye would have known about Elfin Grotto, and her name is never mentioned now, the servants tell me," he returned. " Yes, yes, I am a stranger here, and though I have never been in this grotto before, yet I have heard of the beautiful Miss Gtulonby, and that she was very un fortunate in losing all her friends. But tell me, please, what you meant by her brother not being worthy of her tears and sorrow,'4 Madge pleaded earnestly. ' 44 Ah, bless your bonny heait, I did not mean that, for a finer lad never breathed tho breath of heaven than young. Lord Cuthbert Oallonbjr. He cover would have turned a starving man from his door j he would have taken him in and fed him full, while the winsome lassie would have emptied her purse to relieve the suffering of the meanest wretch on the face of the earth. Oh, Heaven forgive me 1 but it's too late, too late I She is weeping out her dreary life in a convent, and the poor young lord — Heaven only knows what has become of him." 44 What! he is— isn't he dead ?" almost screamed Madge, a wild, wild thought for the first time sweeping through her mind. The man'B talk was rambling, and so often interrupted by bis dreadful cough that she could not clearly understand all ho was saying. But this last suspicion— it took away her breath and strength. What could it mean 1 44 No one would believe so strange a story from such a rascal as 1 am. But I could tell — I could tell if I chose. Oh, the curse of sin— the curse of sin to the poor 1 but the rich 1 " ho cried, raising his voice to a shrill, despairing cry, 4 4 the rich may Bin, and sin, aud sin, rolling themselves in the blackest infamy, yet gold will keep the curse from them. Oh, lleaveu, what a world I The poor are the sinners, tbe rich are the saints. But his is the guilt, not mine, for he bought me with his gold, his bright, yellow gold, that would buy food and raiment ; it is all gone, and now 1 am starving, starving, while he is filling his stomach with the luxuries of the earth." The wretched man here sank upon a Btone exhausted with his excitement, and another violent fit of coughing seized him, which Madge surely thought would result in the rupture of a blood-vessel. Hex heart ached for him, he was so weak and ill, and the thought of his fearful hunger was agony to her, while at the same time she woe consumed with the desire to learn his secret. It was evident he wss tormented with one, yet hardly dare reveal it, while with it preying constantly upon his mind in its weakened state, he had not strength to resist talking about it in this indefinite way. His obscure allusion to young Lord Cuthbert had set her brain in a whirl, and the suspicion to which it gave rise that he might still be living actually made her faint with excess of joy, on Nora's account, and yet she dared not believe too much on bo alight an authority, for he had spoken so brokenly and enigmatically. As soon as the man bad recovered from his coughing she went nearer to him, her former fear now all merged into an intense desire to learn the truth. 44 My poor man," she said, compas sionately, 44 you are weak, aud sick ; you are hungry and faint ; if you will guide mo to the right passage leading from this gixrtto, 1 will go and get you a good breakfast. But first tell me what you me a nt when you said, 44 Heaven only knows where young Lord Cuthbert Cal- louby is." 1 thought he was dead, aud his body sloeping beside his father's in yonder church - yard ; but your wild, strange words have aroused a suspicion that it may not be so ; that he may yet be living. Yet how such a thing can bo 1 am at a loss to imagine. Tell me— explain it to mo, I beseech you, and 1 pledge you my word that 1 will in uo way implicate you, and you shall be well cared for as loug as you live, in returu for your confidence." 4 4 No, no, young lady ; it is not for ye to ferret out the dark secrets of this family ; ye might lose yer own bright young life if ye should attempt it, and 1 daren't tell ye. Ah, if I but knew where the gentleman lives who tried to buy my secrets from me a year or more ago, it might do some good ; but for a fair young lassie like ye to bo meddling with crime and that old rascal yonder, it won't do at all, aud rising, he beckoned ber to follow him aud led the way through thi passage by which she had ontercd the cave. 14 Ah," thought Madge, light breaking iu upon her mind as she followed his feeble steps, 44 this is the same man whom papa met in the ruinB of the old castle without doubt. 1 hardly dare tell him i whom 1 am just yet, lent he should play me false and expose me to his lordship, in tbe hope of getting a new Buppiy of gold, and that would ruiu all our plans at ouce. I will try once more though, aud then go and get tho poor wretch something to eat." They soon reached the end of the narrow passage, and Madge once more could discern daylight. 44 Will you tell me if you know whether youog Lord Callonby is really living ? 1 beg you will reveal the troth, sad I solemnly promise I will not rest day or night until he is found and restored to his rightful heritage, and this I will do without causing the least suspicion to rest upon you," she pleaded earnestly, as he stopped and motioned her to go on. 41 1 do not know— oh, I do not know, for sure, tuy lady, no more than yer own sweet self," the man replied, his face convalsed with pain, and wringing hia hands. 44 This much 1 will tell ye, for the gentle pity ye have bestowed upon an old wreck like me: He was alive on that day whon poor Miss Nora grieved and moaned so over what she saw in the grand hall ; but whether he is dead or alive now, the body lying under that head - stoqe, marked 4 Lord Cuthbert Callonby, aged twenty-two,' be not his— it is- it is— aha — - There, young lady, there be the way into the park." He stopped suddenly, and pointed towards the light shining into the outer grotto, with his long, bony, shaking finger. 44 Oh, tell me more -whose body it is, if it is not Lord Cuthbert's ! I cannot go with all these horrible thoughts in my mind. I pray you will tell me more, so that 1 may have something to work upon, and you shall have gold, food, wine — anything you ask 1 " and clasping her hands before him in her eagerness, she looked like some beautiful angel beseech ing Lucifer for the restoration of some sonl from perdition. <4Ahl no, no ; I've told ye too much already ; but, fair lady, I'm weak — I'm sick, and have no power over either mind or body. Ye never knew what hunger is 1 like, did ye, miss ? May ye never know sorrow of any kind— but, oh, it is dreadful ; to be so hungry— so hungry 1 " He turned away from her with a ; gesture almost of despair, and tottered i back into the darkness, leaving Madge et&uding; there bewildered and nearly crazed with what she had heard, and that last fearful moan of his 44 so hungry, so hungry," ringing like a knell in her ears. The tears started from her eyea as the echo of that despairing ory died away, and with the speed of a doe, she flew back to the castle, and up to her chamber without being discovered, as it was still early, no one bat the servants being astir. A sudden determination had seized her as that poor, hungry, dying man left her, and, ringing ber bell, she threw herself upon her oonoh, and covered her earth- stained garment with a silken quilt. A servant soon appeared. " Mary, I have not slept at all well, and am very faint ; will you please bring me up a cap of ooffoe and a slice of toast 1 " she asked of the girl, in her sweet, gcaoiouB 44 Yes'm, sure an I wilL" the girl re- pliedj and went eagerly to do her bidding 44 Sure an1 it'll be a pleasure to wait on the likes of any one who would ask a favor of a servant in that way, so different from Miss Maria," she told the cook in confidence, while with her nimble fingers she arranged the dishes on a massive salver. Madge's eyes brightened as she re turned, bearing not only the requested coffee and toast, but a plate of cold tongue and chicken, a dainty dish of jelly, and a tiny basket of silver filled with luscious purple and white grapes. 44 Thank you, Mary ; yoa are very thoughtful," said .Madge, bestowing a gratified look upon the tempting array, that was worth more to the girl than a month's wages would have been, and she returned to her duties below, which were brightened all day long by that little ray of BUiiBhine. Madge hastily drank the cup of coffee, for she was really faint from excitement and the Iobs of sleep ; then, taking a little basket from her table, she emptied the contents of the salver into it. Going to a closet, she broaght forth a email flask of wine, and a heavy travelling shawl, and after replacing her hat, Bhe quickly and DutseleBsly made her way downstairs, and out into the park again, and soon found herself once more at the entrance of Elfin Grotto. She entered without fear, aud passed quickly along the dark narrow passage, intent only upon ber deed of mercy. She called aloud as she reached the inner grotto, but was answered only by a faint moan. Glancing toward the Bpot whence the sound proceeded, she saw her companion of a few moments before lying prone upon the ground and panting for breath. "Are you hurt — did you Call?" she asked, compassionately. 44 No, no; hungry— so hungry," ho breathed, in gasps. She bent over him, and gently raising hiB head, pot the flask of wine to hia lips. He sipped a little, but was evidently too weak to make much of an effort. She let taim rest a moment, then gave him more, and soon he seemed to revive a little. 44 Can you eat something?" she asked, as she saw him glance eagerly at the bas ket by her side. He nodded his head, aud snapped his jaws with a foroe that startled her. She put a email piece of broad in his hand, which closed over it with a vice like grip, and by the dim light she could see that his eyes burned with a tiger-like gleam, and she shuddered as she thought of the suffering he must have endured from his hunger. 44 Eat it slowly, and you shall have moro when that is gone," Bhe said, but the last morsel was swallowed before she ceased speaking, and hia trembling hand was stretched out for more. She knew there was danger in allowing him to eat too much, so sho broke off small pieces, and soaking them in the wine, fed him very Blowly, and soon had tho satisfaction of seeing him appear much stronger, and tbe pinched, famished look wearing oat of his face. 44 1 have brought you more in this bas ket, but you must not eat it now, for it will do you injury." " I know," he said, with a sigh, but not offering to take more. 44 Here is a large, warm shawl, and if you will wrap yourself in it and sleep awhile, 1 do not think it will harm you to eat again when you awake. 1 wish you could go out of this damp place, but 1 suppose you are too weak, aud 1 should not know where to send you, either." "No, no; I am better off here," he said, uneasily. 44 Well, rest here until afternoon, and then I'll see what can be done, and I'll bring you more food then," said Madge, rising to go. 44 Thank ye kindly, miss ; ye are very considerate toward a poor wretch like me, Bless yer teuder heart , it makes me think more and more of gentle MisB Nora," and ho brushed lit hand hastily across his eyes. 44 Ye will not tell anyone, please, miss, that f am hiding here ; I'll go away as soon &b; 1 can get the strength," he pleaded, as Madge prepared to leave him. 44 No? I will say nothing to anyone who would wish you any harm ; bat never mind that now. I will come again to ace you this afternoon' and perhaps you will be stronger then." And, with another caution not to eat again at present, Madge left him aod hastened back to the castle, fearing that she should be discovered, even now, be fore Bhe should reach her room. But she was not, aud, hastily exchanging her soiled garments, she went down to break fast, smiling, rosy, and cheerful, yet with nerves that vibrated painfully with every word which was uttered during the meal CHATTER XXV. BUYING Jl corpse. Madge intended to seek an interview with her father immediately aftor break fast, and relate to him her adventures of the early morning ; also her strange dreams of the night previous, which to her now possessed a peculiar significance. She wanted sympathy and advice, some one to lean upon, and who would strengthen her with cheering words, for she was becoming depressed in spirits, with the nnuenal strain upon her nerves, the loss of sleep, and tho intense excite ment of her strange experiences of the past few weeks. But she was doomed to disappointment, for during breakfast Lord Callonby pro posed an -excursion to May bury Towers, a plaoe of some renown, about ten miles distant, where they would spend the day picnicking, and exploring the grounds and buildings, and then return home by , moonlight. The proposal met with instant applause from all parties, for Maybury Towers had a tragic interest connected with it, and, among other things, it was said that the tower itself was haunted by the restless ghost of a young and lovely duchess, who was murdered on her wedding night, only three hours after her marriage, by an un known hand. This of itself was sufficient to inspire the least romantic with enthusiasm, while the prospect of the ride home by moon light brought a deeper tint to the cheek of more than one fair maiden, and a ten der light to the bright eyes which drooped consciously beneath the glances of anticipation bent upon them by several young gentlemen of high degree, who would doubtless act as escorts upon the occasion. But Madge had no heart for it j ehe was eager to solve the mighty mystery in which she was so deeply interested ; besides, she was wearied oat, and needed rest, and did not feel equal to the effort of herself agreeable and entertain- ing, or pretend to enjoy what would only be irksome and tedions to her. Bhe remembered also her promises to that suffering wretch in the grotto, and her sympathies were more with him than with any prospect of pleasure for the present, xet she knew the excursion was planned partly in honor to heraelf, and it would be ungrateful and impolite to refuse to go, or to do anything to mar the enjoyment of others. So aha oon- cealed her disappointment as best she could, and assented to every arrangement which hia lordship saw fit to make. She resolved to speak to her father, however, as soon as breakfast should be ended, and ask him to arrange for her to remain at Oallonby, if possible ; but he immediately became engaged in conversa tion with several gentlemen npon arising from the table, whieh rendered that plan impracticable ; and, soon after, a bevy of young ladies gathered around, and occu pied her attention until Lord Oallonby, who had left the room a few moments before, returned and said : 44 Come, ladies and gentlemen ; the carriages and horses will be at the door in a very few minutes, and those of you who prefer to go on horseback must arrange it with each other at once," There were instant excitement and confasion, and, amid much laughing and chatting, the transportation of the entire party was at length arranged, after which there was a general scattering among tbe fair sox to don riding habits and dainty picnic costumes. Madge was among the last to leave the room, hoping, even at that late moment, to get a word with her father ; but he did not see the wistful glances which she cast in his direction, ana with relactant steps she passed out into the hall. Her mother was juBt preparing to go upstairs, aud she noticed that ehe leaned heavily againBt the richly carved railing, and was moving much more slowly than had been her wout of late. Ever watchful, and fearfal of her old trouble returning, she flew to her side, and asked, anxiously : 44 What is it, mamma? Are you not well this morning?" 44 Yes, dear, qaite well ; only a slight feeling of faintucss came over rue just now. Do not be anxious ; it will soon pass, and I shall be myself again," Mrs Dispeau returned, and trying to Bmile away Madge's uneasiness. It did not pass, however, for she was panting painfully before sho reached the top of the stairs, and Madge had hardly helped her to her room before she sank down nearly unconscious, and her heart was flattering like an imprisoned bird. The young girl was much impressed, and would have roshed to call her father, but a motion from her mother prevented her. 41 Do not be so alarmed, my darling," she said, speaking with difficulty, and seeing her blank, frightened face. 4< Go to my diessing-case, and bring me a little gilt flask you will find there." Madge flew to do her bidding, bringing at tho same time a bottle of eaa de Cologne, with which she began to bathe the loved face and head. Mrs Dispeau took a swallow from the flask, aaying : 41 This will help me— I will soon be better ; ' and so it proved, for the color ere long began to return to her face, and she breathed easier ; tho painful throb bing of her heart grew less and less, until at length she became quite comfortable. Madge was relieved, but not satisfied. A leng time had elapsed since her mother had had such a severo attack, and she feared her old trouble was about to return again, and sho knew from experience that there was great danger attending these fainting turns. Her resolution was immediately taken, and she refused to leave her to join the picnic. Mrs Dispeau coaxed and entreated, Baying she could not think of having her give up her pleasure to wait upon her, as sho knew she would be well enough if she only remained quiet, aud there were plenty of servants to attend her. But all to ne purpose ; Madge was firm, and glad enough of the excuse to remain at home, although she did not confess it to her mother. 41 I should be anxious and miserable all day if 1 should go. \ can excuse myself, and they Burely would not expect tue to leave you sick. No, mamma, i cannot go." Mrs Dispeau saw ehe was determined, and gave up tho point ; and Madge, has tening downstairs, sought her father, and acquainted him with the trouble and her decision, and then turned to make her excuses to the company, who were nearly all ready to start. 44 Do you go with the party, my daugh ter, and I will stay with mamma. She has tested my abilities as nurse before, and knows 1 excel in that capacity, 1 Mr Dispeau said, smiling, yet his face taking on a somewhat startled expression. The young people all favored this pro position, and pleaded eagerly for Madge's company. Lady Callonby offered politely to remkin and keep ber mother company, and said the honsekceper should attend particularly to her every want. But the fond daughter was firm. Shaking ber bright head decisively, sho said, with flushing cheeks : 44 Thank you all very much, but please do not urge me, for I should be miserable all day if I should leave mamma as she is now," and she added, with a little con scious smile, 44 1 know no one who can do quite so well for her as I — not even papa, for all he is so rain of his nursing." Mr Dispeau had been up to his wife's room while they were striving to prevail upon Madgo to change her mind, and returned just in time to hear her last words. 44 1 am afraid we shall have to give up tbe poiut to this little piece of self- conceit," he said, laughing, and playfaily pinching Madge's cheek, adding : 44 1 find Mrs Dispeau far from well, but she is accustomed to these attacks, and, when she begins to Improve, her recovery is usually rapid. There is really no particu lar need of anyone but a servant attend ing her, and 1 really wish Madge would go " 44 No— please, papa," she whispered ; then said aloud, with a little added dig nity : 44 Indeed 1 cannot accompany you to-day, and, although I dielike to make any break in tbe party, I mast beg to be excused," and with a slight obeisance she 1 left the room. Lord Callonby insisted on having Mr Dispeao'e company, and he, knowing that thore was nothing at all alarming in hia wife's condition, consented, as he felt that one of them at least ought to repre sent the family ; and it was with a sigh of content that Madge soon after bsw the gay oavalcade sweep down the avenue, and she then nestled down beside her mother's couoh, glad of a quiet day all to herself. To be Continued. .) At a recent examination in a village school, a class of infants were being ques tioned on natural history. After several questions, the inspector asked : 44 What bird that comes from Africa has wings but can't fly ?" The class was dumbfounded. Thinking to encourage them the inspector offered a sixpence to the little boy or girl who could tell him. After a few seconds1 hesitation, a little girl of four years pnt out her hand. 44 Well, my little dear," said the in spector, 44 what is it?" and was almost paralysed by she reply : 44 Please, sir, a dead 'un 1" Lord Nelson onoe sent his eoxBwain with a note to Lady Hamilton, with orders to wait for a reply. When her ladyship had read it, ahe said to the sailor 1 41 1 suppose I shall have to give Nel son's coxswain a drink ; what snail it be, a pot of beer, a glass of grog, or adrop of punch 1" 44 Bless yer ladyship," said Jack. 41 1 ain't a bit particular. I'll take the beer now, and I can be drinking thg grog while your ladyship's mixing the punch for me." 