THEIR FAVOURITE BOOKS. It is not, perhaps, generally known that the Queen takes no small interest in the fiction of the day. A writer herself, Bhe is a capable critic of all she bas read to her, and is said to prater in this branch of literature the novels of Edna Lyall. The Prince of Wales is a great admirer of George Meredith's works. Another great writer, Ur. Gladstone's political has somewhat outshone his literary lame. The eminent statesman, however, found time, until quite lately, to get through a large quantity of varied reading. His library at Hawarden Castle is rather curiously arranged. The walls are covered with shelves 01 books, and between each partition there iB room to walk. By this means Ur. Gladstone is able, with little diffisnlty, to lay his band upon any one of the 15,000 or 20,000 volumes that he may leanire. Once seated with his book, Ur. Gladstone takes a pencil and makes copious notes in the maigin on subjects he wishes to remember, of which he is in donbt, or which he disputes. These he afterwards classifies at the end of the volume, thus being able to refer at onee te those things he wishes to remember in the book. The Grand Old Man's favourite authors are Aristotle, Dante, and Bishop Butler. The only fiction he affects is that dealing with history or philosophy. He is an admirer of Mrs. Humphrey Ward's " Robert Elsmere." Another noted statesman, Ur, Gosehen, delights in a novel with plenty of plot in it 1 He also gets through a quantity of reading, and prefers the Be v. S. Bari ng-Goul d 'e novels to any others. Sir William Harcourt iB alao a great novel-reader.but Lord Salisbury finds little time for light literature. Stanley, the great African traveller, is extremely fond of his Shakespeare. It was with extreme reluctance tbat he burned his eopy of the Stratford bard's works by command of the Zinga people Barbarous nations almost invariably associate books with sorcery and witchcraft. ' The German Emperor is fond of novelreading, and is a great admirer of George Bliot. Mr. H. Rider Haggard, though never* great reader, has two favourites—Charles Dickens's " Tale of Two Cities " and Lord Lytton'B " Coming Race." Other books of which he never tires are " Eodemastee " and the poems of Edgar Allen Poe. " My grandfather," Bald the shoe clerk boarder, " once knew an old man who insisted that the ghosts eame and milked his sows every nighu" "Sort of milkiu' Bpeotne,ehl"commented the Cheerful Uiot. 