MUSICAL JOTTINGS. The Orchestral Society's second coa cert of the present season is dated: for September 27 at the Mechanics' Insti tute. The programme in rehearsal is the most important yet put forward by the society, and among the items are Weber's "Der Freischutz" overture, Boildieu's "Calif of Bagdad" overture, (a favourite with the general pub lie), selection from "The Geisha" (re peated by request), "Sunset" Inter mezzo, ands Prelude to second act of "Lohengrin." The chief attraction, however, will be the performance of Wagner's magnificent overture to "T'annhauser." The society has been putting a deal of extra practice in, so that justice may be done to such a fine work. The Rockwell relief entertainment, which took place in the Albert .Hall on Wednesday evening, attracted a large audience, and was. throughout a great success. The Bands' Association is arrang ing a monster sacred concert, to be given annually, the first of which it is intended to hold some Sunday after noon during October, and the proceeds of this will be devoted entirely to the charitable institutions of Launceston, The association terms this day, "Cha rity Day," and hope that. everything in connection with the concert will be given gratuitously. At any rate, things are moving with that object in view. That some of oiir soceies are push ing is evidenced by the 'fact of La trobe Cycling Club having engaged; one of our city bands to play at their meet ing on .Boding. Day next. Madame Trebelli is drawing crowded audiences at her "Song Recitals" at the Melbourne Town Hall. The first was held on August 31, and the second on Tuesday last. On both occasions the gifted cantatrice received perfect ovations. . On Friday, September 8, "The Geisha" will be revived with some im portant changes of cast. For nine months the opera company have been playing this delightful Japanese opera in adjoining colonies, and everywhere has the Melbourne furore been re peated. The farewell to Madame Chaibonnet IKellerman to eventuate in Sydney u'.rly in October, swings into place as a genuinely enthusiastic affair. Madame Charbonnet- Kellerrman has earned the warm recognition of all classes of Syd ney society. As musician and teacher her class was high. Her talents were ever at the service of charity. Re fined, kindhearted, openhanded, she lived a life of help to all whom she encountered. She leaves Australia with small hope of ever' returning. Three committees-one musicians, an other political lehders, and the third ladies-have been formed to bring the farewell to a successful issue. Little Dolly Castles has the true spirit of the theatre. At the Royal matinee last week, when behind the scenes, she was an absorbed spectator of every item, stood near the stage manager. and; heard all his directions with big wondering blue eyes, watched the scene- shifters 'at work, took a keen interest in the mystery of mak ing up, although she did not care to be "made up" herself, was a cordial admirer of the other child performers about her, and, after her own song was over, sat in one of the boxes with her friends, never losing sight of any thing. In the short time she was be hind the scenes Miss Dolly made a number of friends, for everyone took a fancy to the gentle-mannered child. The little creature was quite unstrung when she came off after her song, and the tears trembled in her eyes,but after a minute or two she was as bright as ever. When Miss Dolly returns to Bendigo she will devote herself to the study of harmony, for music is her all-absorbing passion. An American paper, referring to an operatic performance, said:-"Little Eva was encored at Atchison the other night in the death scene, and was corim pelled to die a second time." This is what we may expect to dome from New York if the encore habit con tinues to grow. Some day We shall see Romeo andl Juliet in Gounod's opera arise and go through it all again. Even this would be better thanri Madame Patti's celebrated performance in Juliet when the curtain refused to descend at the end of the opera. After waiting a few moments she opened her eyes, looked up, smiled, rose, ran down to the footlights, and sang "Home, sweet home," while Signor Ravelli, who was the Romeo, sat up,and looked like a ghost of Ninus. This occurred in the Metrboolitan Opera House a few years ago, and the audience liked it." On July 22 the Covent Garden ope'a season terminated, one of the last per formances being that of Mr. Isidore de Lara's new opera "Messalina." The plot, by MM. Silvestre and Morand, proved wonderfully simple and strong. Two brothers- Haren, a singer, and Helion, a gladiator-come from the far distant provinces to Rome, to inveigh against the profligacy and cruelty of the Empress Messalina. The singer is seized by the Imperial guards and is taken to the palace, where, after a while, he yields to the magic charm of' Messalina's beauty. She in like man lier, whilst disguised, subjugates He lion. Later, he is alone with her in a darkened box at the circus, when an at t,endant announces that an armed man in a passion is trying to force his way in. The gladiator rushes out to meet him, and, stabbing the intruder, finds immediately afterwards that he has killed his own brother. Then, in an agony of remorse, he leaps into the arena to be devoured by the lions. There is much spectacular effect in the new opera, in which Madame Heglon, from the Paris opera, and M. Alvarez, the French tenor, played the star parts. The music is 'highly praised, though one dimly gathers that the opera is not a great work. The only other new pro duction is Puccini's "La Boheme," with Madame Melba as an inimitable Mimi; Whilst Adolphe Adam's beautiful one act opera "Le Chalet" was revived after a silence of a quarter of a century. In glancing at the list of the 22 operas staged, it will be seen that Gounod's "Faust" was brought forward seven times, whilst the official list continues -"Lohengrin," 6; "Romeo," "Tann hauser," and- "Carmen," 5; "Aida," "Pagliacei," "La Boheme," and "Tris tan," 4; "Cavalleria Rusticana," "Die Walkure," "Don Giovanni," and "Mes salina," 3; "Die Meistersinger," "Der' Fliegende Hollander," "Les Hugue nots," "Lucia," and "Norma," 2; and "Fidel'io," "Hero and Leander," "Rigo letto,", and "Le Chalet," once each. 'Towardls the end of the season, more than one disappointment was caused by the absence of Madame Melba. Her in disposition, a cold caught while boat ing at Marlow, was an expensive one, .for, altogether apart from her non-ap pearance at the opera, she lost a fee of 400 guineas by being unable to take part in Mrs. Ogden Goelet's party to the Prince of Wales, at which M. Al varez, Madame ' Suzanne Adams, and Madame Rejane appeared. The night the mail left Madame Melba sang at Mr. Alfred Rothschild's birthday party. 