win MELBOURNE LETTER. Monday. .nkr from one ot our uesc Known fhC and lithographing firms in- l'u that assisted by Uitlander fonib i»k VrfnS » jt is preparing a com- of , ;,-p colored map of the scene of P operations in the Transvaal The ffirr W accompanying the circular is Pr . illustration of the excellent work ofthfr kind tlwt Can dIle IU thC c0!?11,ii,1. wiv reverting for a moment to Trtnsvaal, it has to be said that a ! 'tettcr from an influential resident ifrfpcCul.my paints the picture of the . situation in a much more lurid rlHthvi lias Hitherto been thrown on it. The writer expresses the opinion that uLlallthe fighting for independence I ",vr-r of the Boers, for annexation "S Brimli, lies probability ' plete revolution in South Africa; u "chink to have evidence that the seeds f this movement have been sown during IV ream- Such an opinion as this ,nsV l0 terribly complicate matters. K T have been shown the. balance sheet of uiiile of concerts that were given some a,! Slice in aid of a certain singer - or old. European or Australian horn doesn't matter in connection with Is nirvraph. The gross takings from "le twoo iiicerts were £400 odd. The net receipts were £70, the remainder over ,.,0Q irin2 swallowed up in that com prehensive term ' expenses." One music L, for commission on sale of tickets, clerical assistance, etc., took over £50, while the amount for sundries was such a- most of us would like to .possess for a nice' months work. Nice business this. new American publication that has reached me is termed " Vanity Fair." ft j: a theatrical journal, and its illusfcra- timic ;ue mainly composed of actresses and lady members of the variety branch of the profession—" Butterflies of the «tr'e" the title page describes them. Printed on glazed, hot rolled paper, and ' in various colors, the portraits are perfect works of art. A peculiar aud fantastic ef fect. too. his been obtained by printing rruS< the majority of the pages a number of brilliantly lined butterflies. The poses mil attire, or ra her non-attire, of some of the "Stage Butterflies" is rather more pronounced than Australian lovers of un adorned art are perhaps used to. All the siiiic, " Vanity Fair " is a striking speci men of Americ in printing, lithographing anl journalistic enterprise. The wonder is that even over there it can be sold ' for ten cents.- The substitution of photo, pictures for the woodcuts of former times in illustrated papers docs not always have the desired elbct, as witness the " Leader" and " Australasian" last week. In the former there is a representation of the luncheon of the military commandants of the vinous colonies at Parliament House, in which Messrs. Gillies and Best, M.L. A.'s, are "wonderfully and fearfully" por trayed, and in the last-named journal, there is a flashlight reproduction of the Victorian Railways dinner at the Masonic Hail on .Saturday night. In it such dis tinguished personages as the Governor, Premier and Attorney-General, have come out little better than caracitures, and the last-named gentleman, instead of resembling one of the people of Israel, appears like a direct descendant of Ham, who, we are told, was the progenitor of the great nigger family. The windows of the different news agents in Melbourne last week were en livened by a group of portraits, of some of the suburban mayors issued by one of the weekly- papers. Their worships are all attired in the orthodox mayoral robes —though as a matter of fact two of the councils represented — North Melbourne and Flemin'gton — do not possess such gar- ments, so their mayors must have been photographed in "borrowed plumes." 1 he general cast of countenance depicted in these photos., while not of the Clumber of Horrors" type is certainly not of the lliginbotham or Moorhouse opect. and tiic prevailing feature in most faces u that smirk of snug satisfaction which indicates the inward feelings of men— not too brainy — clothed with a little brief authority. It is astonishing how hard superstition dies in spite of all our vaunted, education and civihsition. Just previous to the ltrst shots being exchange .1 between America and Spain last year, a crack- brained Spanish ecclesiastic said to the soldiers ot that country that they would lie invulnerable to the Yankee bullets, aud now we have silly old Oom Paul de claring that as the " Lawd" is the arbi trator of the quarrel between England and the above-named individual, He will render the British bullets harmless. Another Dutch gentleman, rejoicing in the name of Sell aik Burger, has also pre dicted tlrtt " the Britishers would fall before the Boers as the avails of Jericho fell before the trumpets and shouts of the Israelites under Joshua." And yet we. talk glibly about ' the superstitions of the middle ages," and laugh at our forefather's . theories about ghosts and witches, when the most arrant nonsense concerning the supernatural is talked by educated men m representative prominent positions iit the present day. The "Argus" has certainly taken the Wind out of the " Age's" sails by sending Donald Mucdonald to the Cape as war correspondent. 1 am sure the good wishes of tllH IH-G ssiiion nf tlin nnln«\r unrl n.ll wllfi know Iniit go with Mac. The trait in his clur.itter most to be admired is the utter sbaente of anything like "side." At a meeting or other places where reporters congieento " Observer" is always ready to help a " new hand," or a brother scribe arming late. Some of the permanent stall of i lie "Argus" and "Age," I tun soiry to say, assume a very lofty and patronising air towards other pressmen. It hat tar otherwise \vith Donald, there fore «e all wish him a safe return. Chielly through the weakness of some of the .Melbourne and suburban honorary magistracy, the "push" nuisance in this cltJ n increasing rather than abating. Hie stage has now been reached that a witness m the court of General Sessions confessed that he was "frightened" to =tve evidence for the Grown in an assault and tohbety case, and the judge has thought lit to warn the jury against being bullied into a favorable verdict to the accused by "the push." His Honor, in d'Ong so, said that "it seemed almost mctedible in a city like Melbourne that it should be necessary," and it does indeed seem " incredible." But no. On second thoughts it will make itself manifest to ttery mind 'that this lawlessness is simply the outcome of years of leniency to the trtinnial classes. When convicts com- plaints about cooking' are solemnly aired "t Parliament, and when reputable people Petition the Executive Council to reduce |ust sentences on young ruffians who half mil constables and commit perjury, it shows that a "namby pamby'I feeling is c"tcrtaiued towards- the ruffians of so- c'ety, which must of necessity nerve their arms. It is almost as much trouble t get a murderer "swung off "in Vic- toria now-a-days as.it is to get into a government billet, what with crimino: ''hpcally "crank" solicitors and lachry mose gaol chaplains. It is to be hoped that when the Government appoint new P jIicc magistrates they will be men of the Laptani Stmt and " Bendigo Mac" stomp, these old gold field stipendiaries would 'jve made short work of any "push" "uu some ot our present-day uogoerrys Me deliberating how long they should o're them "time to pay" the paltry fine inflicted. It seems that Parliament may at no h'siant date be asked to check the "circula- hou of the Dead wood Dick and Frank ttoade style of literature' in our midst, these publications awake aspirations . of the piratical and bandit order in the breast . the small boy, and he wanders about at night "dossing" in juvenile ideas, which when I was a youngster were su fflciently in- n'sed in by a " cainp '! in the garden, or voyage on a " raft " across a two foot eep dam, but the child of the present is niure up-to-date. If the seiisatioual novels jtB banished froni the booksellers shelves, twrtMniy think a certain illustrated paper might be also ostracised. It con tains illustrations of stage females- usually ugly as regards their features— in a stote of costume that directs the -mind to what the picture barely conceals from the eye Uf course, men of the world can look on such exhibitions with stoical calmness, but their influence on the adolescent Austra- han m a climate such as his, with his far too liberal diet, is simply au accursed one, and then these salacious sketches do more harm to the juvenile mind and morals than thousands of works anent the ad ventures of " Blood Stained Bill, or the Mysteries of the Black Schooner." The Premier gave notice of motion on Thursday last that he would submit a notice of motion on Tuesday with regard to the despatch of a Victorian contingent to the T ransvaal in favor of same. The motion will doubtless be carried, but I fear that some opposition is likely to be raised by the Labor .members. These gentlemen are certainly not like the ser vant girls in Hyde ' Park, who "dote on the milmgtery," and seem to have the same antipathy for a redcoat as the pro verbial bull. The Boilers Inspection Bill took up some of the time of the House on Thurs day evening, and the Chief Secretory submitted a new clause authorising the Governor in Council to make regulations laying down the qualifications of persons to be-appointed inspectors.- This caused some discussion, and Mr. J. A: Tucker said boiler-makers should be appointed inspectors, while Mr. Sangster thought engineers would do better. Parliament last week- was, on the whole, a series of platitudes and languid discus sion, and at times the impression is con veyed to one that hon.' members must have tackled the work of the session from its inception with that ' tired feeling " New Zealand is a veritable land of socialistic legislation, and has earned for itself the sobriquet of the " political ex perimental plot of the Australias." The land settlement has been catered for by lending people money to work tlie broad acres, secured as a charge oil the farms. Tn Victoria we have done something of the same sort, on the lines of the Credit Foncier, advances being made through the medium of the State Savings Bank. Whether this plunge into the realms of money lending will prove a " good spec " on the part of our Government remains to be proved. But doubtless it will be all right so long as the Bank pursues the prudent policy of seeing that the land holder practically retains a larger or con: trolling influence beyond the States ad vance. "When a man has borrowed as much as he can on a property, he usually becomes very indifferent as to what be comes of the farm, the end being an auctioneers notice : " For Sale, by order of the mortgagee." New Zealand has made a success of State insurance, and in this department last year "covers" to the amount of about £9,000,000, the busi ness representing an iuconie of £600,000. Now, while disapproving of the generality of State socialism,- particularly the absurd proposal to establish a Si ate bank for general trading purposes, avith all the in- J ducements such an institution avould hold 1 out to proflig.Ue or unscrupulous politi cians of the future to run the colony ashore, ave have not a word to say against the State taking up fire insurance. To day we have the absurd spectacle of the public being " shot at" by a combination on tho part of the various insurance com panies. all (if which have increased the rates of premium to a price that is beyond the reach of the ordinary income. The people, therefore, have every right to arise in their might in order that they may protect themselves by doing their own in surance. The companies -in addition to increasing their rates, now insist on the insertion of the " average clause," under flm nnprnhinn nF wliirili f.liA insurer. although only insured sor say one-third of the value- of his house, furniture, or plant, would have to suffer a deduction from bis claim to the full amount of the value of all salvage. For example : — A plant, or stock, worth £900 is insured for £300, a fire comes along and consumes £700 worth, the " average clause " comes to the ail of the insurance company, which only pays £100, arrived in this way. The £200 worth that has been saved is deducted from the £300 that would have been paid had there been a total destruction of the stock. The ques tion for the public to determine is narrowed down to this Is property really insured at all under the "average clause ? " It is quite possible, as far as we can understand the "average clause," to be insured, have a fire, make consider able attendant losses, yet not get a penny, since the value of the salvage exceeds the insurance. If our reading of this matter be correct, a State bureau of insurance is very badly needed, but compulsory .in surance need not be legislated for. An Insurance Act, providing for optional in surance would be a boon to the colony, and the State would not want to make anything out of the deal, since there would be no hungry share holders clamouring for dividends. Re ".a'rding Old Age Pensions, the idea is a good one, and every man aud woman in the land who has arrived at 60 years of age, and is not a criminal, should be pen sioned, care being taken against an influx ' of would-be pensioners from the other colonies. But under . Federation this matter could be dealt with as a whole. We cannot but agree that the abolition of State pensions to uivu oervants uaa proved a good thing, inasmuch as their salaries are in most cases one hundred per cent, more than would be enjoyed by the average worker outside the States pale. The logic of this will be more apparent when it is pointed out th-at-Mother State has no right to do better for one section of her children than for another. Our Village Settlements have proved a ghastly failure, which fact may. be set down to the faulty administration of the system, and the number of loafers who availed themselves of the State's generosity. The Government started . the settlements on socialistic lines, but when it came to pay- j ing his monthly "dole" only theindividual was recognised, and, in many cases, the men who kept them were themselves de clining to pay it into the communal funds, as had been arranged in order to liquidate the accounts for groceries, meat, timber, etc., which these very men themselves had consumed. The result was store keepers were unpaid. Many of the men would n--t work — declining to go out when it was wet, or when it was hot ; and when it was mild it was regarded as good holi day time. This proved that a number of loafing vagabonds were being encouraged, and goes to show that State socialism is not a good thing all round. 