Bishop Thornton Lays a Ghost With Humor and Good Sense. I called one winter’s day, writes the Bishop of Ballarat, in the current number of the Fireside, while rector in a large parish of England, at the residence of a merchant— a jiew ami extensive house, elaborately fitted with gas stoves and brackets and all recent appliances. Upon being shown into the dining-room, where all the family were as sembled, I at once saw that something was . wrong. Soon the story was told me. There , was.a ghost. It was believed a girl had been \- immured'in the basement 'of the next house, which was in the r course of' construction. "Of course,’-' I said, "you have communicated with the police?" "Yes,” was the reply, “and a policeman is on duty to try and get at her. But it is no good." The servants had all given notice, and nobody know what to do about the ghost. X wont down to where the noise seemed to come from, and, after returning, suggested that 1 should be, allowed to control the . fainily domestics and house for half an hour. Permission was granted, I then hod a talk with two servants. Afterwards, with the family,',/- wont down to the cellar while the fearful Roalds continued. , “Avaunt," I cried, in a loud voice, “Abra cadabra, I charge thee to abate these wail ings.” . $lowly the noise died away . “AldiborbntiphoBcoplioniio!’’ I shouted again. “Chrononhotonthologos !Now raise thy ; voice as loud as thou, canst raise it.” Once more the groans waxed louder and louder, reaching such a climax that my com panions turned to bolt, but a loud pcal'at the door bell transfixed .them with sudden- . Then Ills lordship explained. The horrible cries were caused by the gas. A small piece of grifThod got into the pipe, and the gas going over this had created the row, widen, as the quantity turned on increased, grow in force. The servants had, at my re quest, first lowered aU.the lights, and, when X shouted the .second time, turned nil on full, producing the distressing noise. The gasfitber; soon removed the obstruction, and , nofchmg'moro Was hoard of the ghost. 