THE UNDERTAKER'S HORSE. May be, I'm not much to loot at, I'm played out—and broken down, too; I've a bit of condition, for aJI that, And my blood is the bluest ol blue. My ?ire was Sultan by Ajax, Whose colour I have, and his pace; My darn was Aurora, by Syntax, Who never was beat in a racc. So you'll sse that my pedigree's right, Although I am dragging a hearse; By tlie Lord! if my coat had been white, I might have been doing much worse. I remember the day of the sale; Tliey talked of tile races I'd won— How, when wanted, I never did fail, Ilow gamely I always had run. VTell! there wasn't a bid from the crowd The auctioneer said, "Pass him in," When a seedy old cove sanjr out loud, _S' V C you a quid for his skin." Thev took it, he led me awav, I was weary and didn't care where; 1 d been in the sun all the day, And been hustled about here and there. When I reached this cove's stable at last, I saw all the horses were black. Then my "innards" recalled rav long fast, So 1 went for the liav in the'rack. 3I>* new boss was an undertaker— A lean, lank, and sober o!d cove, WTio looked al! the -world like a Quaker, Who'd just slept the niglit in a stove. Well! I must say he's been (rood to me, And I can't say 1 don't like my place; It's just what suits me to a "T," Tills good old funereal pace. Though I oft think how many would laugh, Who knew me when in my prime. And the distance—a mile and a half—. 1 did in the fastest of timet I'd have liked to be there in a hearse. With a licht-wcigbt corpse in the van; - How the skinny old Quaker would cmse, • As I rattled him round on the tan. Weil! I've no right to grumble, not I— ! For were I not Mack as the fogs. Were I chestnut, a roan or a "pie •* I'd surely have gone to the dogs. * * And now, I thank God, I am black- Vou'll apree that it would have been worse. To he used as some butcher boy's Set. Tban sedately to walk in a hearse lljeres no cheering now in the straight: rn P ve up the ghost— "carry the stiffs" just as straight. As 1 carried them once from the £ost. APOSTROPHE, : 