OUR HOSPITAL. ? « ? THE VICTORIA WING OFFICIAL_OP;ENING. AN APPEMT— FURTriER .DONATIONS On Wednesday, as notified, the official opening of ihe Victoria Wing of the Too woonibn Hospital was performed. There was a large attendance of the general public, principally ladies, to the number of about 500. Shortly after three o'clock, Mr K. Aland, ih'e president v requested Canon Warner to read a collect, specially prepared liy Ihe reverend cenlleman as follows: — 'In the name of ihe Father, ihe Son, and the Holy Ghost, Amen. . O Almighty and merciful Saviour, the Great Physician of our souls and bodies, send down, we humbly pray Thee, thy heavenly blessing on ' this addition to our hosbital. Prosper the work of all those who in their various callings shall labour therein, whatsoever they do, may they do, it as unto Thee. Kemember, O Lord, for good those who give to Thee of their substance for the furtherance of this' institution. Give comfort and peace to those who shall lie therein on the bed of sick-ness and of death ; grant unto them true repentance and a living faith in Thee. Held .»11 the diseases of our souls, and bring us to life everlasting, through Thy merits and mediation, who art the resurrection and the life, and who livest and reignest 'with the Father and the IIolv..;Ghost, ever one God, world without end. ''Amen.' This was fol lowed by the Lord's Prayer and blessing. Mr. Aland then handed Dr. Roberts a massive solid silver key, appropriately in scribed, with which to open the door, and requested him to formally declare the wing open. ? Dr. Roberts said, ' Ladies and gentlemen : I have very much pleasure in responding to the invitation to formally open this, fine building, called the Victoria Wing, in ^memory, of the sixtieth anniversary of Her Majesty's reign. I therefore duly declare it open.' The doctor thereupon opened the door wilh the presenta tion key. [Photo by I3ain.] FACSIMILE OK THE SILVER KEY presented to Dr. Roberts at the opening of the 'Victoria Wing of the Toowoomba Hospital The company then entered the building, the lower ward being provided with seats, and a small platform erected atone end. ? Mr. Aland presided; and opened the pro ceeding in a short speech.' He had intended referring to the old history of the inititutioni but theissue of the.. 'p,arljng:Downs,Gazette' of that morning contained such ah ' excellent historical account of the institution that it was unnecessary for him to repeat it. He, how ever,' referred to the past and present manage ment of the hospital, contrasting the present excellent system of 'management with the obselete system of the past. He referred to ihe work done by Miss Blanch, Mrs Sheddon and Mrs Ford as matrons of the hospital,, while Miss Tolmie, the present matron, was the first of the trained nurses their new system had produced. The hospital had -also' an. excellent staff of doctors, Dr. Roberts, the oldest,- having now retired fromactive duly. He also referred to the particulars connected with the erection of the Victoria Wing, and made an appeal for the balance, about ^900, required, to clear' it of debt.' Mr. Aland concluded with a feeling' ,-r appeal „,. for. further aid. If any felt really burdened with a £$ note, re«lly burdened with il, it would be gratefully received, or a smaller donation if preferable. .- He'.was'' gladto'.announce that he had received further names to add to the list of special donors of £$ 55 as. follows : — Mrs' Jas. Taylor, Mrs Jas. Renwick, Mrs Roberts,' Mrs F. Taylor, and from the employees of Harrow £7 os 6d. He concluded by paying -a high tribute of praise to Dr. . Rpberts fos his work in connection with (he 'institution.' (Applause.) Dr. Roberts, who was very cordially re ceived, said-he could assure them it had given him the very greatest pleasure in many ways to' open the wing that day. Not only because the building commended itself to his professional mind us being a model hospital building, but also because he was glad to see the energy that had been put forth on its behalf and the manner in which the funds had been forth coming. This building was Ihe fust hospital work for which the great portion of money had been raised bv miblic subscription, and that gave him great hopes for the future of the institution. Their thanks were due to the ladies who initiated the scheme, and for their efforts on its behalf. He briefly referred lo some of the old time memories and traced the gradual progress on the system of management up to thai of the present day. So year by year the committee had mide improvements and demonstrated to the public the wants of the institution in a manner iliac reflected credit on all. Hut they must also remember that they would have to still move on with the times, and that m»nl still more energy and more funds. lie did not ihink that considering the size of the district and its prosperity that the subscriptions received annually reflected very great credit on the community, lie hoped that now ihe ladies had given them a lesson in organisation that in the future ihe Committee would be further encouraged in Iheir efforts to benefit the hospital for the sick and wounded He thought they owed much to Mr Aland ». .1 ihe Committee for the tmoslciUatious 111. ..met in which ihey had labored for the institution, but to Mr Aland ihey owed inosi, and but for lis efforts, assisted by the Commiltcc, the hospital would not have been so tip-to-dnte and so well managed as was any hospital in the colony, excepting perhaps one or two in Ihe metropolis. (Applause.) Mr. ; Groom also addressed a few words, referring lo the progress of the hospital and how favourably it compared wilh any of its kind elsewhere, even on the continent. This concluded the proceedings,- and the visitors were now served wilh refreshments,, and spent the remainder of the evening in inspecting the fine addition lothe hospital, in witnessing u series of feats by the Gordon gymnasts, (whose appliances were kindly carted up to the Hospital free by Mr. II. Head), or in listening to the strains of the Gordon Band, which kindly discoursed music on the lawn during the afternoon. Considerable interest was tak«n in a beauti ful portrait of Her Majesly which was hung in the upper ward of the New Wing, and whizh was a; present from Sir Henry and Lady Norman. The picture is exceedingly appropriate hanging, as it is, in the new Vic toria Wirtg. 