HE HAUNTED CHIMNEY. " If the siguorino will take my advice, he will ot sleep in this room." " And why should I not sleep in this room, ntonio ? " The fellow shrugged his shoulders, looked bout liim mysteriously, then, coming» step earer, t&gau; in a low voice : " Because— *• What are you chatting about, yon imecile? the landlord's voice broke in, a_s at this omeut he appeared at the door. The servant drew back, and though he held is tongue, the expression of his face did not hange. The signor will doubtless wish to refresh im-rclf with a good night's rest, after hi? lonp ourney,"' the landlord remarked to me. in the l»si-<]iiious tone of his class ; then, turning imutieiitly to the servant again, he continued. " And you stand here doing nothing, and by our idle gossip keep our guest from sleeping." " It is not I who will keep him from sleepn?,'" muttered Antonio, as he proceeded tc nt:ist< n the straps of my portmanteau. Bassta, enuujih !'' acclaimed his master, angri y ; thee to me, in <juit»! a suave manner, i w-sh you a pood night's repose,"' adding insinuatirg'.y you wiil not- have allowed your mind to be perturbed by this feilow's idle hatter i Uh. no !"' I answered shortly. I was cross, and too slc-py to heed the uijpasy manner of the landlord, or the timid, dcprwatir.jr glances of the servant. " Good iii^ht,"" I added, by way of a hint that I wished to be alone. Go«i night, and may your repose be tranqsnl '." savins which, mine host bowed hiins;-k out of the room. *• Your servant, sir '."" and Antonio made ar obeisance, then, passing close hv me, as ht burrieil to the door, where his master awaited turn with visible impatience he managed tc whisper, •• See that the tire-board if fastened tight, and keep ynur candle burning. 1 am at the end of the ball I was a bit staitled by this mysterious advice, though to proud to Ixrtray mv sudden perturbation by demanding an explanation then and there. At that time I was an aspiring young art stud< ijt. and had cose to pass a few weeks in V?nicp. where, alone, nf all the cities in Italy, dot> the wonderful colouring of the skies enir.'inci' th<* painter's soul, and seem to defy bi= psi'-tto. It was not my iirst visit tJ the "Queen oi" the Adriatic," nor to ttiis querr old inn. It was a tumble down building, which centuries Ijeforefcad beeu a palace—as the dwellings of the Italian nobility are called; but the aces had come mid gone, and tbe lasi. scion of the race wLich hud formerly claimed this among its tiuiatrous residences had long since passed aw.-ty. Owing to the fact that it was situated on a suiall cmal at some distance from the grand cmal. it eseajiei! general nciice. I'o src. nd to the »partments which at present con-tiUrh'd the fco-Mry, one had to pass under he great urched .loor-vay. through tho empty -pace biyouil to the stairs, which led up to tUe second door. Here, some of the palatial rooms had i.eeu partitioned off intj small apartments, Oa the occasion of my present visit tbe hon-e was full, and thus one of the large rooms, uniiistur':ed by ninetenth century carpenter and nia^on, was assigned to me. It was bare and lofty ; its two windows, several feet from the the ground - reached by Sights of three steps— looli.-d out on the narrow strip of water below. At this hour they were baircd by heavy wooden shutters, while faded hangings draped them, and _<ave a Grange, almost wei'd aspect to the deep recesses above the little slone steps. Between ihe windows stood a marble console, over which hung an oblong mirror in a tarnished gilt frame. On one side of the rocm was the high, "arrow bed, with canopyaud curtains like those 11 ^ "iudows; »««i at its left was the pnedwa: ^ the r.i.^ tL.ble. Ch,.rs «ere traced itittlv airainst the wall. aro:ind the room, Al - the ^ farther end ol" this - vast ap.mment,and the bed. was the huge tire pi nee. which looked l,;.ick and fathomless as o cavern, by the iim light which tbe caudle shed throughout ! he room. Over this hung a strip of faded J iamr.sk. like the other draperies in texture and j le-isn : it partially concealed the tireboard, ] wbi'h Lad been ren;oved from its accustomed ] iaceand placed on one side, 1 stood for a moment listening to the retreat feotstpps. with a curiously nneasy feeling •n eping over me as presently they ceased and il was still. I took up the candle and pro- C ded to make a close survey of tbe room. I :i d tbe vanons doers and windows, finding Uem all securely fastened ; opened the cumlersooie wardrobe, and—let me confess it— : ictuaiiy looked under the bed. Finally, I ;tooped and gazed into the sombre depths of the indent fireplace, and as I did so, my light iickered. 1 went back to the table, and, putting down :be candle, opened my portmanteau and began :o lake cut the necessary articles. I debated i little whether or no to put out the light, a .-ague sense of uneasiness oppressing me which I was ashamed to acknowledge, even to myseit, :beu—but I left it burning. I fell into an uneasy sleep, the result of faturue and a late supper, perhaps. I was i wakened suddenly by the sound of a heavy fall, followed hy a death-like sileuce. I satcp in bed and looked round the room, wondering slet-piiy why mv candle was still burning, and was about to blow it oat, when Antonio's mysterious advice came back to me Again I fell j sleep, for how long I cannot say, when once more 1 was aroused by the noise of a dull thud, -urh as tbe falling of a body would make. But this lime, instead of uttersilence—which before und first startled me and then served to quiet my fears—a moan fell upon the air. I sprang from tbe bed, and, grasping the candlestick, in which the candle was fast bnmiug in its socket, I started across the room, to investigate, if possible, this strange sound. Five minutes later I was back in bed again, and. inclined to reproach my silly fears, I turned over, and soon fell into a more restful slumber. It seems tome, as I recall tbe happenings of that night, atter the lapse of many years that 1 could scarcely have closed my eyes when still again, 1 was awakened, this time by something rolling down the chimney then falling heavily upon the marble hearth. The candle flickered, and before 1 had time to recover myself, shot up one feeble flame and went out. At that instant the distant hells of San ilarco—at least, I fancied 'twas they—chimed the hoar of three. The lovely summer dawn mast be breaking tbe cloudless Venetian skies ; but tbe barred casements kept out even a possible ray of light. I felt round over the cold marble top of the little table at my bedside for tbe matches, aud just as I found one a deep groan fell npw my car,and for a moment my band trembled BO that 1 could not strike it. At length I had it lighted only to discover that the other candle was on tbe centre table. The little wax light was burning quickly iu my hand, and would barely last to get me across the room. 1 stepped hastily to the floor, and moved over to where tbe unlighted candle stood. Tbe illumination which this fresh one gave was dim and wavering but bidding it steady nntil I felt sure that it would not go out, 1 walked over to the fineplace. stopping suddenly short as 1 stood withm a few fwet of it. My baud fcliookso that I could scarcely. hold the light, while it aoemed to me tint tbe load beating of my heart must drown every other sound. For a moment I could not get my breath tbsre, 8s 1 fetched a long gasping high. I could f<«! tlu< cold p: rspimtion running down I rav hiick. Just in frorit of I he great M.imnty, ^H «ideo;,n .yes l^tencd Ui*m wl.y. 1 man's ^ ^ ^ hevired froni he i.udy. and witlh f ^ , ; ^ ^ ^ ^ Uu. boi, v ? j doser and closer, fascanal< d bv Uw horrrr of tbe groat, staring eyes, which seemed tu draw me on, when, suddenly,I found myself looking into esipty "pace. The head had disnpjxurvd ! I dropped on my knees, and Still grasping tbe candlestick tightly crept up tp the gaping mouth of the fireplace, «ome unknown bat irrc-s'stible power forcing mean untttlmsaB tbe *pot wbei*>, a moment before that gbastly nead h»d lain. 11, aned to ^ feto the cln^, niovmg * throw a si ranker light upon the opening, when a gust extinguished it, and in the darkness which followed tbe sileuce was broken only by m succession of low moans, which gradually died upon then air. The candlestick fell from my now nerveless hand, and I could bear it rolling sw»3' beyond my reach. I opened my month to call, but not > sound issued from my parched throat. I made a last superhuman effort to free myself from the horrible fear which was fast overpowering me. Straggling to my feet, I managed to stagger toward where I believed the windows were, only to sink upon the stom steps, quaking with a new dread, as, even ae I toucLed the drapery which hong beside it, a ray of light fell upon the floor, and the tigure oi a man dragging a headless body appeared before my terror-stricken eyes. It must have been two hours later that 1 opened my eyes, tu find honest Auto trio bending ver me. For a moment (he light pouring ic rom the open casement almost blinded me. " My G jd ! What was it i gasped, as the ood fellow, putting bis arms about me, hall arried me to the bed. He did not reply, but moved quickly back tc be other window, removed tbe bar, opened ide the wooden shutters, and, picking up from he step the oil lamp which he had probably ad in his band when he entered tbe room, put t on the console. Then, still silent, he went' oward the fireplace, and taking up tbe great ireboard put it into place, remarking laconially as be did so ; •* The signorino forgot to fasten in the fireoard, it appears." With tbe light of day pouring into the room, nd tbe sweet morning air gently moving the hadows on the wall, th: horror of the night egan to disappear, and I flit my strength eturning. I watched Antouio and tried tc hink ; but my brain was not in working order, nd the very effort made me dizzy. Antonio, urning from the chimney, looked at me, thee aking up my flask from the table, poured some f its contents into a glass, and bringing it tc e said : " Drink that. I will bring you your coffet n a few moments." " Haw did you get in ?"" I asked him wher e returned with the be.'erage. " Tbe signonno asked me to call him at awn, as he wished to study sunrise effects : o 1 came early to the door. I knew when I eceived no answer to my knocks, that somehing had happened. It was not difficult tc orce the old lock."' •• Tell me, what was it ? It wis too real tc ave l>een a nightmare. What was it, Antonio T " The signsrino does not know ? And yet il s an old story here. 'Twas the ghost of the murdered man." " It was not a ghost at all !" I exclaimed *' It was a head." " The same thing." " Have you ever seen it /"' " God forbid '." And Antonio crossed himself. " I shall not pass another night in tlw house."" " No 'i And only last spring, a painter, one of your coc.patriots, came here from Rome, and stayed iu this very room on purpose to see tbe head. He went away much disappointed, for it never appeared to him, though he die bear it in the chimney." By this time I was dressed, but was determined to hear the story before I left. It hac begun to dawn upon me that Antonio did not mean to tell it. *• Come. Antonio,'" I began. At this momeut my gondolier appeared at the door. " Francesco knows it better than I : and besides." said Autonio. *• we are not allowed to ta.lk about it in this house." Francesco was ready enongh to repeat the gruesome tale, and with all the dramatic fervour f his race, weut over it in detail. It was toward the middle of the last century that Duke Uerolamo de Gerolamei lived in this, his ancestral home, with bis two sons and his ward, the only child of his sister. It was intended that the h>-ir to the proud old name should marry tbe fair young consic, and of course the wayward girl fell in love with tbe youtlier son. who returned her passion tenfold. But the guardian and uncle laughed at this childish folly, and calmly fixed the wedding day. Meantime, the hatred of the brothers grew. The elder was enraged bectu^e he coald not win the love of the woman who was to be his wife : tbe younger was furious and despairing because, througb this accident of birth which made him the younger sou, he was denied possession of her who alone made life worth living. It was the evs of tbe wedding, which was destined never to be, that their last and fatal uarrel took place. It is told that Don Alessan> <*ro said to tbe heir- •* If I cannot- have her, then you shall not!" In vjtin the lovely Bianca. drawn thither by their loud words, tried to stop them, weeping and protesting that she. the unhappy cause of tb;ir discussion, would kill herself if they did not cease, then and there, their strife. Her presence only added fuel to the flame. Tbe men fought like tigers, and when, at length, Alessandro fell at his brother's feet, the heir, now quite beside himself, and with tbe thirst of blood upon him, drew his sword across the neck, severing the head from the body. Only then, as a deep groan fell upon the air, vmd for the last time the eyes opened and gazed steadily at him, did the murderer realise, perhaps, his crime. With the canning of iiadman, he dragged tbe headless trunk across tbe room, and with a supreme effort lifted tbe. ghastly burden and threw it into the narrow canal which Sowed silently beneath the windows.! He started back to dispose of the head, too ; but as he stooped to take it up, a low moan fell upon his ear. Bianca lay as she had fallen upon the hearth, and even as the yonng Gerolanio bent over her prostrate form, breathed out her life in a long-drawn sigh. The head,: which be had dropped when attracted by Blanca's moan, rolled into the fireplace ana disappeared. The heir died soon after in a madman's chains, and the childless, broken- hearted father followed him quickly to the grave. The distant heirs had gladly disposed of tbe palace for a; nominal sum, encumbered as it was by the memory of a fearful crime and the bleeding head which haunted it at intervals. '* Women make a great deal of troubl;," said; Francesco, by way of conclusion. " Now, if the beautiful Bianca had not made the mistake of failing in love with the wrong man !" An expressive gesture finished the sentence. " It is said," he remarked, after a pause, " that only when the skull of the murdered man can be found will his ghost cease to trouble the occupants of that room. How tired." he added nairely, " the head must be, rolling up and' down the chimney ! Almost all bear it, few see it. The 6ignor paintet was one of these." The gondola has stopped just opposite San Giorgio Haggiore, where the artists were assembled even at this early hour, studying the ever-changing beauty of the old church in the soft morning light. My pencil stxayed over the canvas; bat instead of the outline of the church it was that of a man's head, which, as the day wore on, grew into tbe likeness of the one I had seen the previous night. There is nothing more to say. The story of the haunted chamber is too well known to need further proof from me, while as to my personal experience with it, I can add nothing. I have related facts as they occurred. Sceptics may laugh at my story, and hint at nightaoare and other consequences of a lite supper ; I know better. One thing, remember, I did not bear tbe tale until the day following my visit from the ghost. I have visited Venice many times since then ; hot I have never returned to tbat old palace on the little canal. 