ABOUT MEN AND WOMEN. (By CITIZEN.) Mr.' E. Webb, M.L.C., an ex-Mayor of Bathui'st, New* South Wales, who recently j died in that city, was a Cornishman, and he went to school with Sir James Boucaut. The foundation-stone of the AIcKinlay memorial in the main street of Gawler was laid by Sir John Forrest, a brother explorer, and the fact is duly recorded , on the tablet attached. Mr. "Christie" Bagot was a surveyor. on the Overland telegraph line from 1870 to 1872, during which time he did a fair i amount of exploration. He conducted Sir Charles Todd and a party from the North- | em Territory to Adelaide. There are two hotels in Beltana, but both belong to the same owner, and one of them is now closed. Mrs.- Harvey, who presides over -the fortunes of the other, is a most graceful and capable lady, anil no city hostelry is better kept than the "Koyal Victoria." Besides being an excellent speaker, Mr. H. 11. Dixson, who contested the recent election for North Adelaide, can sing a really good song. He is now infatuated with the game of bowls, and he has a well kept green at his splendidly situated man sion on Montefiore Hill. Captain Anderson, of the steamer Inves tigator, is very popular with passengers. For many years lie has been in charge of ships trading to gulf and soUu-eastern ports. When enjoying his pet brand of ! cigar, and in a ruminating mood he is ex ceptionally good company. A well-informed man is Mr. A. Moli neux, the secretary and founder of the Agricultural Bureau. Like many other old colonists lie lias engaged in various pur suits, including farming, butchering, wood carting, printing, gold digging, and editing. He will be 07 years of age July 11. The Bishop of Wakefield told an audi-1 ence at Exeter Hall, London, that Pinero's latest play, "The Gay Lord Quex," was the "most immoral stage play rliat has ever disgraced the stage of tins country." A contemporary remarks that this enticism has created even greater interest in the play. Lord Lamington, the Governor of Queensland, intends with Lady Lamington, to leave Queensland in September next for England. It is stated that his Excel lency's trip in no way implies liis retire ment at the end of the six montlis' leave, for which he has applied to the Imperial Government, The Superintendent of Fire Brigades looks exceedingly well after his trip to the Golden West. Mr. Booker has travelled a good deal and visited many lands in his day. On leaving school lie went to sea, anu while afloat acquired experience which has proved of great service to liim during his connection with fire brigade'work. There are many old St. Peter's College Boys in West Australia, and when Mr. Girdlestone, the headmaster, was recently in Perth they entertained him at a smoke social. Altogether 27. former students at tended, the eldest of them being Mr. M. Samson, who left the school in 1858, while the next in seniority was Mr. W. A. Hughes, who ceased his studies just 30 years ago. . Another link that connected the present with the great Napoleon has been snapped by the recent death, at St. Helena, at the age of 90, of . Miss E. P. Bagiey, one of- the feiv surviving inhabitants of the island who remembex-ed, as a child, having seen the illustrious captive. Much- in teresting matter concerning the Napoleonic days of St. Helena could be obtained from Miss Bagiey, who retained all her facul ties up to a fortnight before her death. The best known and most highly respec ted, resident of Leigh Creek is Miv-J. W. Buck, who is the banker and universal provider of the town and district. He | lived for many years at Blinman, and he was at Sliding Rock when the mine there, of which he has a very high opinion, was at its busiest. Mr. Duck owns two very promising copper shows within 20 miles of Leigh Creek, and both are now being worked upon tribute. Among other accom plishments he is "the champion cribbage player of the north." Sir John Downer will complete his 55 years on Thursday, July 6. He is now the father of the House of Assembly, the re tirement of Mr. Laudseer having promoted him to that position. He has represented Barossa without a break since 1878, xvhen he was returned for that district with Mr. Martin Basedow. Sir John tasted the sweets of Ministerial office as Attorney General under the late Sir John Bray, buc he has twice led a Government of his own. He is a native of Adelaide and was edu cated at St. Peter's College. At a meeting of the district council of Stirling on Tuesday the members bade good-bye to Councillor G. F. Cleland, and at the same time presented him with a large portrait of himself, the excellent work of Messrs. Hammer & Co., of Ade laide. The Chairman, Mr. W. H. Milford, and Mr. Evans referred to the good work done by Mr. Cleland, who previously had many years' experience as a councillor in another disti-ict. Mr. Cleland, in thank ing his colleagues for their handsome pre sent, which came as a surprise to him, spoke of the good feeling which had al ways existed in the council. It was largely owing to Mr. Cleland's energy that the new front was added to the Stirling West Institute. Air. J. Hughes, the new Attorney-Gene ral of the senior colony, is a brother- in law of Dr. Keenan, of Adelaide. Mr. Hughes was appointed to the New South Wales Upper House at the same time as Dr. Cullen, who recently declined the posi tion of Vice-President of the Council. He is a well-known solicitor, was for some years a city alderman, and is an ex-mem ber of the Legislative Assembly. He suc ceeded Dr. Garran, M.L.C. (an old South Australian) in the office of Vice-President of the Executive Council, and piloted the Federal Enabling Act, upon which the recent referendum vote was taken, through the Legislative .Council with great skill and tact, and the offer to him of a port folio is a recognition by the Government of the good work which he did in the cause of Fedei'ation. Mr. Ratbbone, the manager of the South Australian Ostrich Farm at Port Augusta, has held that post for the last seven years, and now has 500 birds on the 11,000 acres of land under his control. He takes a great interest in local affairs, but is never happier than xvhen shoxving visitors over his xvell- conducted domain. During the last fexv years Mr. Rathbone has had to contend against bad seasons, but xvitli the recent rise in the price of feathers and the prospects of a good season, he is very hope ful for the future. Mr. Rathbone, xirho hails from Great Britain, is sanguine fcliat the copper industry xvill soon revivifv Port Augusta. During his spare time "he de jiglits in analysing copper ore from shoxx's in the .district. He is an enthusiastic ama teur photographer, and has produced some splendid photos of the company's farm and of the birds. When Mr. Warden Gee was recently at Mount Fitton he became possessed of "one of those dread lethal weapons; a bone. An aboriginal named Bob originally obtained it from a medicine man xvitli the idea of pointing it at Fred, a local half-caste, but the opportunity failed to arise, and, after much persuasion, Bob- handed the instru ment of death over to the warden. It is part of the shin of a deceased nigger, and is covered with many cabalistic marks, it3 appearance being as that of the handle of a derelict toothbrush. Asked xvhich was most reliable as a man-kilier, a bone or a rifle? Bob ansxx- ered, in tones of conviction, "Bone best; gun good." When a bone is pointed at a black man he incontinently lies doxvn and gives up the ghost, unless some sage, in xvliom he has implicit faith, comes along and "takes the bone out of him." That, indeed, is part of his reli gion, so.that the more aboriginally pious be is the more rapidly does the fatal effect Before lie became a teacher of the deaf Mr. S. Johnson—the superintendent of the Brighton Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Institu tion—imparted knowledge to pupils xvho coxdd bear. His xvork amongst the deaf and dumb xras begun in Diiblin 23 years ago. In 1882 he came,-out to Melbourne to fill the position of headmaster of the Deaf and Dumb Institution there. On his arrix-al he found that xvhile. the juvenile deaf mutes xvere educated, and cared for in the institution, nothing xx'as done for those xvho had left. Mr. Johnson brought the matter before the public through the agency of the nexvspapers, and the Mel bourne Adult Deaf and Dumb Mission and Young Men's Improvement Society were established a year later. Similar societies were founded in Adelaide in 1890. Their object is to take , the general oversight of mutes after they leave the institution, to provide i-eligious service for them, to im prove the education they receive at school, and to find xvoi'k for those out of employ ment. Air. Johnson married Miss Stokes, a teacher in the Melbourne Deaf and Dumb Institution. All his friends xvill be gratified at the hoiior which has been conferred upon him by: the Gallarxdet Col k^.atJYashintton,, ----- 