7 THE BOER IN WARFARE. 1 BATTLE OF MAJUBA HILL. To learn from your enemies is ,n maxim which has lost noiie of iits force down to. The present day; and it Interests;.,- every one ainougstcusito know ; whether.' the 'British army Is in The hands. of uicir who nrc.capirblc of .profiting, -.by the -lessons -That i from .time to time are rudely administered to ns by .onr foes.. 'Most of us -remember: only too well tlie sliort-llved; English: domination . In !' the Transvaal . during. .the: latter part of . the seventies, as -well ns the way in tvlileh- nils- fortune seemed To. dog t-he steps of -those on -whose-, shoulders -fell The burden of uphold ing It. there, .x We had found the country lira' bankrupt condition, and had".- restored ' Its finances;: we.'hnd found lit threatened, by tlie formidable Zulu .monarch, -with his army of 50,000 fighting: savages, .thoroughly drilled nud In a .state, of. high military .efficiency... After a desperate struggle, In which we suffered somi very . severe losses, including the. battle; of Tsaiidula, where our camp was taken and the whole , of Its ' defenders: slaughtered, -the British arms Dually achiev ed a complete but hard -won triumph; Wo hnd.broken the power of Cetowayo, and dis persed his regiment- of "Celibate twin . de stroying gladiators," to use the phrase in. wlildh Sir Battle Frere once described, Ills justly drendetl i-uipls. . Sirbsequcutly, in the Ti-.-iusvnal itsj'lf, wo had overthrown' Seco- coeul. a powerful native chief, who liad suc- cessfullj- defieil the Boer Government; while enterprising. IJiTtlsU traders bad supplied nn abundance of excellent sporting rlllcs to tho; people: of Thd, country, who -.earned, not a-' little money 'liy shooting: down the game with theui. In .brief, we had removes-one.' by one every obstacle To a revolt on the part of bhe enilgrnlit farmers who made up the bulk of the population of the Transvaal out side the town. . :. ' Tlie 'revolt folio wed,, ns might have been expected. It broke out in the month of De cember, 1880, /during the . warm summer of the southern hemisphere, and It came to an end ov'l tii the lleace -l-hnt nvas concluded after- the disastrous battle ot Mnjnba Mountain on 20th Fehrunrjv 1881. Tho Tale of misfor'- tune begins witli The affair of Bronkerspnilt in December. Iriie 04 th Regiment, forming a part of the British ganrison of the Trans- vaal, .-had been ordered to concentrate nt 1'retorln, and) was on the umrch thither. No netunl lighting had ns yet taken place; but, the Boers .-had licit! a innss meeting, pro claimed u republic, and niinouuccd that they were going to -begin. At Broulicrsprult the' laid a carefully prepared nmhush along the road, by which The ff-tth were advuueing, and awnltcd their victims. The British colonel had been warned to look out Tor traps; but. as far as can now he known, ho had no I den tlia-t -these sharp shooting farmers .were, really In earnest, mid lie failed to profit by tliowaniliig. The 1)4 tli wore strung out for hnlf u mile along t-lie rotid; the weather was hot, mid many, of the soldiers hud -put' their rifles 'in' tlie -waggons; in short, The -innreh jvns. conducted ns if, In . n..tlme of profound peace. At n 'certain spot tlie long column- was halted by- a Boer patrol. There was a btief colloquy between tlie colonel and tlie Boers; t'lioy ordered him to go back, nud 'lie refused. Nobody seems to have noticed the ambushed -riflemen, or To have observed tlie little heaps of stones with which these skilled hunters of wild game, old humls at shooting over the bare volilt, lind 'thought fully marked out ; beforehand n't 100, 150 and 200 yards, their - x exact' distance from " their - intended tar-' gets. Tlie Boor rifles cracked, and In 20 minutes all tho officers and half the British troops were shot down, and the rest were mnde prisoners; the/loss on Tho side of the farmers was almost uil. As a "Western American crudely observed, 1t was a case of a lot of first class frontiersmen taking in a crowd of tenderfeet out of the wet. It was a terribly severe lesson that In- the face of a possible enemy ' a soldier' must 'never be off" Ills-guard. - ' , After the Bronkerspnilt disaster the whole couutry was -up: All the 'BrUlsh garrisons iti the Transvaal, were, beleaguered by- the Boers, and one garrison, rotcliefstroom, was known both by tliem and by Sir George Po- nieroy Colley, tlie - general In 1 euinmuud in Natal, to.be short of provisions. Colley gal- lantly determined to cut. his way. In; if pos sible, and relieve It. He knew well enough that ere long an nrmy from overseas must be seut.ito retrieve, .The honor of . the British n riiits : but he was also .awnro.thtit It must rrlve., .too . late- to' save .Potchef- stroorn. The Boers had: occupied -Lalug's Nek, the; . pass leading into the Transvnnl from Nntal; and, with the smnll BritlSli force he -had at lite coinniand, ho -hoped to be able to dislodge them nnd clear the road; General Coliey was considered to be one of tlie very best officers in the 'British .urmy. He had had. some experience 1n netunl fight ing. In Ohlnn, nnd he had exhibited extrn- ordinary, skill . and., courage, nnd resource in - the very., difficult "task -of organising the transport In tlie Asliantl enmpaign. He cer- tnlniy could- not be cnlled a noviee in war. But unfortunately. Hiorewns'ono thing of .which all. his previous experience -had taught him nothing, and that was how to light against good shots armed with modern breechloaders. On 28th January; 18S1, Colley moved upon Lalug's, Nek with about UOO nien and 0 guns. The force of -Iloers opposetl to hliii Is snid by Alfred . Ay Iwnrd,: who appears ro have acted ns their inlH-tnrv-.iuwroinm. » numbered 1437, under Generals Joubert mid Siuidt. The Boeis hnd 110 guns,' and dread ed art ill ery lire more than iiuytlrlng else; accordingly, thoy .dug some clmniny trenches in soft ground on a conspicuous pnrt of the Nek, and then judiciously disposed them selves. In safety elsewhere. Oolley's guns opened fire, at a mile nu(J a half, and appear to have principally occupied themselves In shelling .the empty .trenches, as,, according to Alfred Aylwnrtl, no one was hurt or even frighten&U; by, the cannonade. - , I>t may -be noted that Alfted A.vl ward's figures are not contradicted by Sir William, BuCer iu the .'.'Life of .Sir George 'Colley,' "-which lie lias recently (published; and, Indeed, with refer ence to tills particular action, General Col ley himself deplores the Ineffectiveness of his artillery practice.- In one of the letters printed by bis biographer. Posting Hie naval brigade, with the rocket apparatus and some of the GOth Rifles, In nil enclosed ground, -where they were under cover, and keeping about half his force In reserve, Colley despatched five companies of the fiStli Regiment, numbering 480 bayo nets, together wltli about 100 mounted men, to nssnult -tlie -left of 'the Boer'Hiie-s. In broad daylight, ihe foot advanced in column of companies across Lhe open ground and tip the hill,, against nearly thrice Their own num ber of tlie best shots in 'lhe world, who were under . cover; nnd nrined with good modern rifles. The charge of, the Dervish host at Omdurmaii was not so gallant or so futile. Iu a few minutes Tlie handful of mounted men were scattered, and one-third of the 5Stli lay dead or wound ed on -thalt bloody slope. The survivors drew off, re-formed their shuttered linos behind the GOth Rifles, and retired in good order. Tlie Boer loss te said to have been two. It was mngmflecnt, but It , was not war. It proved. If any proof were . needed, tlint for infantry In column to charge In. broad day light works . thus Strongly, held liy resolute men who can handle breech-loaders Is to court ruin nnd disaster. . After Lalug's Nek the exultant Boers threatened Oolley's eommiinicntioiis, and on 8th February lie sallied out from Ills camp ait, Mount Prospect to clear the. road i-n his roar. This .time he took with him five com panies of the GOth Rifles— who, being In re serve, had not been cut up at Txilug's Nek— and four guns, together w-Mh 38 mounted men. A few miles from camp he left a bulf- company ami two guns to guard the drifts of the flooded Ingogo River, .and a mile or two further on he encountered a strong party of Boers, With a confidence begotten of their easy victory, at Lalng's. Nek, the Boers did not wait to be attacked, but, without hesitation assumed the offensive. ; Golloy took up n position on a flat-topped, hill, and stood oil his defence, bnrvhig now about 300 men and two guns with him. -According to Alfred A.vhvard, the Boer pntrol numbered 107\. The Boom took (over all round the hill and a prolonged rifle duel ensued between the two forces. .Avoiding the. British tactics .at Lalng's . Nek, the conditions of wli:»Ti wore exactly reversed upon this occasion the Boors rcfraliicd from any attempt to take the hill liy direct assault In a bod v; but as-. Independent shnrpshoclters tlicy kept' up an Incessant rifle lire until near- nlghtfaH.- In accuracy of shooting, and In ihe skill with which they sheltered .themselves, tliey proved' to be. superior to the defenders ef the lilll. They drew off at Inst with a Joss of 12 killed 011(114. wounded; but The defenders had neiu- , ally IosTlsIx ilines as, many.- ..The ' 'sharp-- shooting; skirmishers: -'had lmf'wo' less 'than : half ..tlie force they: were, a'ttncklngslicrs de .combat. After The withdrawal of tlie Boers, .Colley,- whose. horses were nearly all killed, with great difficulty succeeded In, saving the guns, dotted nil over as They , were- with -the splashes of The Boor ' bullets ; 'and; by a des- lierald night imarcli, . lie regained: . his camp under cover of darkness' wltli- the'. remnant of bls forees. .Englniid lmU to/learn by: hitter exjpcrlence Thnt valor wlhhout -good "shooting is hut a -i waste of the. lives -of . her -bravest sons. > . The . sptrl t. nnd staiTcliness .of -the: Uritlaili t-rootis. were ndniirable:':aiid;Coliey's onvn letters' warmly acknowledge the Tact. But as. Shots, they were completely out classed/ x Reinforcements now.: began to arrive. Col- ley's force: at the front, .which -had suffered so heavily in -these two engagements, was strengthened by. the arrival of the 02ml High landers, fresh from: their victories in Afghan istan; and with them ho resumed the offen sive. .Tills time he decided (to. avoid- making a direct nttcm.p't on Lnlug'-s N-ck, nud nlmcd at : turning Miia-t position by occiipj-lng the MnjiilMi Mountain, which overhung the pass on -the south-west; After Lalng's Nek, Col- , ley, had promised the survivors" of the OSth to give them nn-oUhor ehnnco of trj-lng con clusions wltli Their opponents: niul to seize Majubn he took- wltli lihn n foree composed of. bhreeroompanles of the 02nd, T-wo of the GSbli, and two ot The GOth, supplemented ns before by a naval eoii'Hngtmt. .. By. a- skilful and during innrcli, on the niglit ot 25th Feb ruary, he occupied, without opposition, -this post of vantage, wihldh appeared to him im pregnable. "We could stay here for ever," lie remarked To Ills chief of staff when day light revealed the nature of the around on which 'they stood ; and ho sat down in fancied security To hold It till further reinforcements should -arrive. Intending tlien to make wltli their aid a combined movement against the N-elc. Bu t, unfortunately . for . Colley, : Dire position . the had seized -was nolt so strong as lie had imagined. The Majuba -Mountain was what Western Americans, would call u belted mesa: Tt was a IlnT-topped, or rather a snu-ceirntopped lielglit, with . a bolt of per pendicular cliff miming round It a little be low the summit, broken only here nnd there by n few gullies, 'through which access to. the .summit, might he gained- from the lower slopes. These lower slopes wore steep, and the upper. parts of liioin.wcre- screened from view from the summit -by being below 'the licit of cliff -which looked-so formidable to the eye. Technically -speaking, they were "dead" ground. ......... . , In his fancied security,- Colley omitted to fortify lite position, the very error which two years 'before had led -to the disaster of Isan- duln. He allowed his staff to distribute most of Ins men around 'the rlnv of tlie s.nicer- dlmpcd hasln, where They contented them selves with piling up llbtile heaps of stones to lie" down behind. "Oh, it's all right, sir; It.'s'good enough for what we shall mint up here," said a Highlander eoiifldenfly to an observer who suggested that such a protec tion was hardly sufficient; and against a dl-stuiiT enemy perhaps the man was right. The -idea of -the Boers even attempting to take such a position by storm appeared pre posterous. . . . Alas! IT wns not so preposterous as It seemed. As soon as daylight 'revealed to the force holding Lning's .Nek -bhat their flank w-as 'threatened, they begnn" Indeed fo- pre pare .to somllth'eir waggons to 'the rear; but they determined also before retreating to try 'tlie -effeet''of a- direct nssnult- upon M-ajiibu; Aceording to The account giveu by Geuernl Sir, William Bubler, .somo of Tlie Highlanders' showed tbainselves boldly on . the sky-line In the morning light/shaking their lists de fiantly at Tlie Ihostlle camp, Wlilcli lay 2000 foeL -below, and of <wli-lch they could lioav see every detail. "Come up here, you beggars," they cried-; and lf jA-lf-red Aylward may bo trusted, 223 Boers accepted flic Invitation. Dart of the Boer assailants took - cover u!t 'once' - irith Their usual ofclll/'nud' opened a long-range fire on The 'summit of -Majuba. 'Bids lire dill but little execution, though a single shot at 1)00 yards mortally wounded the brave ltomilly, commaiider of the naval eonT'ingent.. But, generally speaking, the defenders of the hill took good care not: to ex-pose Themselves impccessarily to the marksmanship of -tlie Boers, wltli tlie result that 'the netunl loss Inilluted.: by tlie long raugc lire was small. Though the Boers kept It.- op incessantly all That iojig summer's morning, -scarcely anyoile except poor ltoui- llly was touched. J Nevertheless, tho Boers were not th-rowing niwny their powder forlnothiiig. Tliey suc ceeded iu -Uliclr object ft compelling the de fenders of 'the- =11(111 To kjfep ctosoly under shel ter, and prevented TJiein from, observing what happened on The slopes hctow, tire encircling girdle of cliff. Protected thus by tlie lire of their companions, Ismail parties of Boers were creeping as steJltbily ns deer stalkers over wide spaces of the mountain side, where the cliff wail above siji-cened Tbem both from blic slglilt and from -tie fire of llli-e defenders. C'l 1 1! I, T A . A<... nil A.. L »ji» it 1,11,(111 feii u-s ii ii UAcerivii'U liiap, shaded so as To cx-liibd't clearly tho "dead" portions of tlie -liIHstlle, across which these experienced tranters jmade their way unob served. So stealthy nnd so cautious were tliey .-Hurt Miey Took ,llic whole morning over their dtnlk; but llbcit caution aud skill were crowned with perfeel success. At one part of- the eli-emivfereueu of Mnjifba there > Is a little outlying kopje, or -peak, which is really tlie key. of Tlie posCtfon. WJ-tli unerring in- stlne-t one ot the Boer leaders made. for, tills point. According toiSir William Butler, lie, had about GO men with hhn; and when lie' arrived quite near It, .with .his party ' still liudiscovereil, lie deterted a picket of several soldiers, -who were standing In an exposed position, unconscious! of tlie near neighbor hood -of llheir foes. The Itoer, leader ordered n. number ot life men To bold (ihclr rifles at the "iiresent.:' step back out of cover, nnd lire a rapid vol.ey. The inaiicoiivro was skil fully executed; theAvliode picket was clean swept away,. and inn few minutes more the Boers had got -the key of the position in their hands. By this success tliey hail turned -the left of. the .British troops, who' were holding the northern face of the rim, anil took them In the flank. 'Jho Troops, thus suddenly sur prised, fell back from the rim, and imme diately other parties of Boors rushed up bv another.; gap, -,nnd seized .tlie abandoned posi tions. . Practically,- Majubti wits taken by sinijrlsc. ..-Till Tlie enemy were actually oil line , top the general and his stuff never dreamed Unit -they, could lose tlie liiil. Bui, oliee e»i.-ibliah.:d .oil the summit, the i-iipiJ and .-accurate fire of. lhe Iioera swept naviiv -the defenders. It seems as if.no provision lind been made for the unexpected contin gency of the hill being stormed; -no second line of defence had been provided, nnd such reserves as existed were either not ready or could not be go-t into place a.t the critical moment; and a.general strove qui pent fol lowed. It te a scene 'that one does not core 1o think about. Colley, endeavoring -to rally his broken Hues, despairingly fronted lire hailstorm of -bullets that mowed down his men, and fell -with ills face ito the foe. Near ly half The British force were killed, wound ed, o-r. made. prisoners. Tlie. Boer losses are given b,v Sir William Butler lit six, of whom only one was killed. Here Indeed- was a les son to every. commander to secure li-is weak point. Like every other post of (vantage, Mnjulin Hill had its vulnerable spcT, and (hat spot, was neither sufficiently fortified nor guarded; : There Is one-other inaHter Mint should lie meuilloued. Tlie absurdly smnll loss Inflicted on-the men who stormed Majuba would lie incredible but for one reason. It ba.s been already. observed TliaT the fire which covered the . stealthy advance of The stormcrs was nil at long range. :Tbe Britlsl) soldiers replying to It flred also. at the same range; . nor need we be surprised ,+hat, against an enemy so skilled Tn selecting sheltered >osltions, their lire did not effect nuic-li. But, as it -wns a long-range duel, the- were of course .'com pelled to raise their sights, with tlie result that -when they were suddenly rushed by tlie Boer storming parties 'they all jiud the sights of their Martinis set To 500 and 000 yards elevntton; but-the stonnors were nt polnt- liiiiiilt distance. Consequently, t-lie volleys llred ift close , quarters , by the - defenders of the Mil wenfharmleswly over the beads of tlielr assailants. Proof of this was found In the hundreds of rifles picked up by the vic tors after the' action was over, all ot which,. by their ncepunt, had the long range sights ratecd. So we may add yet another lesson, ami that is the .necessity of perfect line con trol on (lie part of Tlie officer ImmedlnTclv In charge of llhe firing line. 'Blie host aimed j -rolleys flred without strict attention- to ithe ,eguln'tion of tlie slghitlng are only Too likely to waste tliemseivcs In empty adr. .- : : -. \ ' Wltli .injulja hostilities ennio to n Ktaiid- su-.l. /BlinT well equipped army, Indeed,: for iriileh Colley.| had hoped arrived In 'Sotiili Africa after his fnllj- hnt It was, not nllowrd to retrieve thoilarnlslied .glory. -.of. The British- , .T11'8. For. \ good or for evil, a pence was" iiinde, .wMcHi'dou- bttcsa scorned To lie honor-' (ible .Hid sat fef-ictoi-y -to -those who were res- -poiisibic tor. it, . believing as they dldrtluiT -to couMiitm the- war irottld Involve us Iii-'ihe' Bin. orblood-gnllHiiess.- However,. tlie remoie consequences ofiour notions ore often far ,otJiei than we expect; : and The ninny- and bloody battles -wo'dinvo rouglit since then -In Rgypt and the Soudan, down to the recent roconquost of KJirirtouin, may be traced to the loss, of, prestige ithnt unqiiestionu.b;v fol- Jowcd.T'lio disasters in Soul h, Africa; -The bc- Hlcf That -tho < power ot Englniul might bo (le- fled with Impunity em-boldeneil Arabl I'nslia lo breed inm l.ilnry revolt against our protege, - the , Khedive, ..at; Cairo. lie was woefully un- decolved. tij- 'tlie. crusliing British victory at Tei-el-Keblr in 1882, tlie very nex't year after .Mnjubn., 'lfiie lessons taught in South' Africa had. boon .laid To heart. True, nt Tol-el-Koblr works .held., by riflemen . were assaulted by Infantry in front; but. The- bifnutry -. were brougliT close up 'To tlielr objective: under .cover of nlglilt; , and It. was known Hint I lie Arnblsts were -no such marksmen ns <Hio' Boers. And now It was the Arabist, rifles that were. picked up In hundreds after the victory, sighted for nn idle long range fire by the express orders of tlielr lender; -while It vns n British regiment that attacked in .rashes;' halting every 50 yards To Are volleys at a. stated range fixed by tlielr musketry In structor. One dare not say that the mis takes: mndo In Soutih Africa will never lie repealed. To err te -lnmmii'; and we have high authority for saving That he Is the best general who .makes fewest blilnders. Itirt, it becames possililc to look forward liopeftilly lo flic future It our lenders show that tliey do not despise the lessons of experience. The Into campaign In the Snmlnn would seem to Indicate That these have at last been laid to heart, and tlm result has been In gratify ing contrast to the failures of 1881. Failures they were, ami the fact must bo acknow ledged; yet in speaking of lliein we would guard ourselves from using nnv Inngiiage that may .seem To reflect- Upon the' devoted men (wlio .ou Held nflter field ha ve. laid -down their lives. In The service of -their country. As the thought of the lonely graves that mark their last 'resting place rises before tho inlml, one seems tn -behold the pallid line of ghosts, the victims of The war god: vjivtti.) vuiiivm ;i snijumv,)' iram, Souls of warriors '"bravo, in vain. A It was not all In vain That They fought npil fell. If those who come after .them have striven, under happier auspices, to surpass ihein in .skill and not To fall shout of. tliem In valor.— T. B. Townshentl, in "Chambers's Journal." - 