FROM ALL Q.UARTERS. Numnbrless aro the methods of maling motey adopted, by folk who nre hard pressed. Ono poor fellow, wishing to turn an honest penny, announces in a paper that for 2s per hour he will listen to poems read to him by their author. It is stated that In England 75 per cent. of all cases of pauperism are due to drinkl and in Germany 90 per cent. In Ger many drink leads to 1600 cases of suIcIde every year and supplies tIle lunatic asylums with something hllh 3000 victims. The oldest Christian structure in Ire land is a remarkable building, evidently very ancient, but wonderfully well preserv ed, at Dingle, in County Kerry. It to known as the "Oratory of Gallerus," and it has stood practically uninjured for more than one thousand years. A full- grown lion weighs about 5001b. Five hundred and forty pounds Is the re cord for an African lion. IHis bone is solid and heavy as ivory. The tiger runs tlic lion very close. A Bengal tiger, hilled two years ago by an English oficer, scaled 5201b1 A tiger of this lsoe has, however, considerably greater muscilar strength than the biggest lion. Health, as well as education, is being considered by the city magnates of Wurzburg, Bavaria, who not long ago arranged to have the teeth of all tht children in public schools examined and kept in good condition free of cost; and if the experiment proves successful gratis treatment of diseases of the throat and ear is also to be provided for. Belgium has appropriated funds for transform?ing Brussels, 30 miles inland, in to a seaport for transatlantic steamein, and now it is proposed to open a canal at least 20 feet deep from Brussels to Charierol, 30 miles further inland, it a cost of £1,200,000, thus making the latter city accessible by all IRhino steamers. The Lutherischo Verein half-yearly meeting was held on Monday evening, July 17. The business included the read ing of the secretary's report and the trea surer's balance-sheet, which showed that the society was it a satIsfactory con dttlon. The remainder of the eveoing was filled in with recitations and vocal and instrumental solos and duets. A device to prevent sleep-walking is to lay upon the floor, by the side of the som nambulist's bed, a sheet of iron, zinc, or other metal, wide enough to ensure that he will step upon it. When the sloop-walk Ing fit comes upon him, his foot touches thb cold surface of the metal, and he Intintc tively draws that leg into the bed again. After two or three attempts the somnam bultst gives it up, and settles down in bed. It is not all pleasure to be the wife of a President of the United States. Mrs. M'Kinley receives about 200 letters a day, all of which she feels bound to glance at, if not read entirely, and many of which she is compelled by circumstances to answer. Each member of the Chinese cavalry re ceives about 16s a month, and out of this he Is required to furnish fodder for his horse. In case of the death or disability of the amnial, he must supply a new etne at his own expense. The Chinese cavalier Is therefore careful of his horse. Soniambullem ihas become an epidemic in Welliontoin, New Zelanhd, and most of the sleep-walkers are women, who are found in various condltlons of deoshablle, aimless ly wandering about, utterly indifferent to wind and weather. One of the most interesting carpets in the world was made by the Empress Frederick of Germany. It has figured in almost every important event in her family. 11er hus band's colin rested on it, and all her children knelt or stood on it when they were confirmed and married. Engagement rings aniong the Egyptiaus were always made of iron, symbolising the mutual sacrifice of liberty. One of the earlicst gems used in tte engagement rings was a loadstone, which was supposed to idilcate the force of attraction which drew the maiden from her owu family into an other. An eminent German physician declares that as long as a bicyclist, after a long tour, has a good appetite, does not feel a desire to go to sleep at once, and ts not annoyed by heavy dreams on the night fol lowing, he may consider that he has not made too great a demand on his physical Trhre hPrisian taste for horseflesh coo tinues to lucrease. During lent year Paris ate over 10,000 horses, 300 donkeys, and a few unconsldered mtules. Tue donkey and the mule are evidently declittig in favour, as in 1872 the omfieial returns showed the consumption to have been 806 donkeys and 51 mules, while over 6000 horses figured in the Paris meet- bill. In the Britlih army thers are, it is esti mated, between 30,000 and 40,000 total ah stainers. Unceasing efforts are made to increase the numbers, and. when young follows are drafted down to the various recruiting' barracks, they are at once li vited by some member or omelal of the Army Temperance Association to take the pledge. The oFilipinos combine sport with piety. It is a common sight to behold devout na tives attending church, each with a game cock under his arm. At the close of the nervice groups of worshippers form them Eolvcs lnte circles in tile Churchyard to wit tess gamecock fighting, which is the popU lar sport in the Philippines. Seep has been in use for 1000 years, and is twice mentioned in the Bible. A few years ago a snaphl bler's shop was dis covered In Pompeii, having becit buried be? neath the terrible rain of ashes that fell upon that elty 7i A.D. Tue soap fatred in the shop had not lost all Its efcacy, al though it had been buried 1800 years. The largest sundial In the world is Hayet Horoo, a large promontory oxteading t00ft abovs the Aegean Sea, As thetsun swings round the shadow of this mountain it touches, one by one, a circle of ishlads, whlch set as hour marks. Tie British possossloans on land are in castimaelt; the value of those afloat on the seas during a year is computed *at over 1100 millions sterling. If tto value of the ships wlth their capacity of 100ln million toat is talen into conshilnratll , toe 1 utl loig treasu~re itcreeses hIn valste to 1225 mu-l lions sterllng, Tiho largest library in the world is tho Na tional Library of Paris, which contains 40 miles of shelves, holding 1,400,000 books. There are also 170,000 manuscript, 300,000 ma11s and charts, and about 100,000 coins and medals. China still has the old-fashioned system of private letter-carrying. Letter shops are to be found in every town. if he has *a letter to send, tho Chinanuan gocs to a letter shop and bargains with the hoopor thereof. Hq .pays two-thirds of the cost, leaving the receiver to pay tile rest elI delivery. Comparatively fow people appreolate the advantages of water drinking. Tills prae tics makes all tile differenco between fooling well and out of sorts in the majority of personsa Mtch harmful matorial, which 110a often to answer for maladicn, want of energy, ond various naheo and painls, is washled out of tho tissuecs isnd excreted by the Ididneoy as the result of water drinking. This alone,, says '"SOlonco Siftings," is .de cidedly bentelflcal, but a further reellt is tio €,hanging ef thlo.tissles lId consequent increosoe In vitality. and augmontation of strength,' Actording to statistics prepared by Irir. A. I, 'latetomn, of tile Board of Trade, Fronce consut1mes far meero alcohol por haed of popullationl thaln any othler natiolin til he world. In hIls ealelnaltilons theo aicolholie strengthl of beer 1hn1 been taleen at 0, ci wineo at 20, and of spirits at 10 of pure nhlohol" His figures (gsion ill In nglishl i11 lperial gallons) work out ns follows:- France ,6000 gallons, Switcerlanld 0.440,. Wuriomberg 4.000, ]avarat otiBolg him 3,811, Baden 2.074, Gerums E?nlpihro 2,020, Unlited Kingdom 2.,17, HInngaly 2,021, United Staten 1,212. Two smart youmg commereial ,travellers were on thleir way from Vienna in Praguo (says a, Vienia tolograno dated May 19), whou a eharmilg yollng lady. entered the snmoing compartmeht il .wiilh tiley wore eit ingeg TIS lady made exacuses for her intrtloln, saying thiat ssho was pasolonately fond of smoeling. Sie drow a dainty olgaro otto ease from her pockot, end offered it to hel' travelling l companions, who were foecinatoel by tha free 'and easy, Cnno at the sa501O time, graceful nmalnnore Of thIn' unconventlonnlt young ladyi". h Taitni'liad 'Oeilhed . PrngUe Ilefore tile smart young eonlmercla travellors n'.twoko . ftro the. slumber Into whilcll the foil sfier omoling tile olgarottoe, 'They folted that theeir plokeot-1ooh05 ,containing o0100, were gone, as well as tilelolr'wthatelO d11 othler valul ables, Tihe h fndcinating younlg lady ha1 gion thole opiltt oigaretios to sImoko, 1nd Ilion takie advalntigo of their conldition to lob thleu of, 111 til~ly had. Toil ago to wilichl a wIalo may attain 10 for ohvious rensoes by' no nelnns e1sy iO discover, 11n1 statistics oIl the point ar1 rarely procll rabl o So nle light ilns b ees throws on tile matter ill a eommllllicat.on made to tine "National Geogrnphic llltrll cino" by nn Amerlian nntrallst, Mr. W, iT. ]Dnil. From hids it imppoars flati n August, 18010, in ll'iltrng Sea, a whale w51as1 0lled Ill win oe care ns o w ne fol end ilnbodded n old llnrlloen lend, and fronm mnarls on the0 Iron thils wn fo£1nd114 to hlavo lon0lel to 1h1 Aanerieon wilnl'r lelllllntluma, w'1111 w,,11 er nlstli g in tie North l'aello l.ettl'ol' tile years 11110. I, It ntsli,, therefore, h1oe idrol tarriod by tile whlou for r porhded of h)twoon 20~ 11111 '10 yeortl It wouldtt le (If lltorl'Olt tiona have been eieewhoro0 eouorlLd, I, Great success hes attended the establith ment of libraries in a few of the rallwaY trains of Russia, and the express from Mos cow to Sebastopol is now to be equipped with a large selection of hooks, placed in the dining car, and at the disposal of the passengers gratis. \- Professor Herbert Herkomer, R.A., hoe had a most interesting, strange, and varied career. forn in a little, unknown town in the ,Bavarian Tyrol, he has lived to be the stccessor of John Ruskin as Slade Profes sor at Oxford, a Royal Academician, the founder of a unique art school, and one of the most famous painters of tte nineteenth century. Herkomer is possessed of a strong and attractive personality. iHe i1 not tall, but has a strident voice, which is only gentle when under the soft influetcte of any great emotion: a colourless yellow skin, and the most wonderful dark eyes its tite world. To use the words of the Prince of Wales on a memorable occaalon:-"After nmy mother, thte Baroness Burdett-Coutts (now 84 years of age) is the most remarkable woman in England." Her fortune, 13 tone of English sovereigns (£1,800,000), came to her quite unexpectedly when 23 years of age, from her grandfather, Coutte, the banker, who irnsied on accomplished actress. For the last 00 yezrs the Baroness luis been dispensing her wealth quite un ostentatiously, lut with the lavishness of an Indian nabob. The people of the United States pay £21. 400 per year for a President, The salary of the President is £30,000, but in addition to tIis the nation pays £6800 for his pri vate secretary, clerks, messengers, and other assistants; £3200 for furniture and re pairs; £600 for fuel, and for the green house £000. Titus the incidentals come to considerably more than the President's salary. This seems a large sum, but tio otter nation of consequence gets along so cheaply. The President of the French Rle public gets a solary of £24,000, and an al lownsce of £0500. As a set-off against these sums, it is a notable fact that the President of the Swiss Republic has an an nual income of £600, while the little An dorra Republic-tthe smallest in the world is governed for about £3 per annum. Czar whenever he travels form a squad of Ttte workmen who go in advatico of tte six mechanlcs. Two are locksmnths, two carpenters, and two onasons. All are mar reid men, born in the Czni's service, snd absolutely devoted to their Sovereign. Their business is to examine the walls, flooring, chinieys, locks, ansl tfaroitnes of the apart itietts whicb the Czar is to occupy. The chimneys. in particular, engage their at tention, for every i?ue leuding to a room in which the Czar is to sleep or eat has to be grated and barred at the top or the bottom. During the year 1897 the French collierlos produced 30,337,000 tons of coal, including 1,628,000 tons of anthrscito, beingai increase of 1,608,000 tons, or over 5 per cent., above the amount produced during the previous year. The value of the additional coal pro dueed duting the year exceeded 175, mil lions of frincs. The amount of coal pro duced in France has doubled altico 18068; but compared with tbe products of other conitrieu, the production of the French coalfilolds is still extremely small. It 1807 Great Britain produced 205,364,000 tons, the United States 181,024,000 tons, Germany 120,000,000 tons, and Belglum 21,000,000 toni. Tie btir which ia consumed tltroughoimt the world in a single year would matte a lake Oft deep, 3is miles long, a mile wide, or 2310 acres is area. In this vast lake of beer we could easily drown all the Englsis speaking peoole, to tto number of 120,000, 000, throughoitt the entire world; or we cotlit give a beer bath to every man, wo man, and child at the some time in Ote entire continent of America; while all the the peoples of England, Scotland, Ireland, and France coilt thud standing rseai on its bctl. Lord Wolseley, tLko Von Moltlko and 1ils marck, is a believer iin early bours, tid is often at work iso his study at 0 o'clock iin the morning; but perhaps no eminent man of our time spends more hours out of bed than Mr. Edison, the "Wizard of America." It is no unusual tsing for Edison to work 306 honiw continuously at a single problem: and osi many occasions he has spent a whole weolt "in his clothes," snatching a few minutes' sleep when exhausted Nature proved too strong for him. An interesting pension scheme for widows has been started by an enterprising Lin colnhlire firm of ten merchants. Every married woman, it seems, who purchases I1al a pound of their ten weekly for filvo consecutive weehs is entitled to a pension of 10s a week in the event of her husband dying, provided Ito is in good health when else commnenced buying the tea, such pen sloon to be continued so long as she remaiino a widow. A reserve of a penny on avery pound of tea sold has bcon formed, and is betl in trust for the benefit of the widows by a solicitor. Asmerican farmers are reported to have just discovered that music is an important aid to agriculture, ssys the "Dally Mail." I'sor the past two months orchards through out the Eastern States have been sufforing from a pilgue of caterpntlnrs, which have teen defying all attempts at extermlnation. A few days ago a farmer's wife in tthe Catskill district happened to blow a horn under an apple tree snd was sotonished to seo showers of caterpillars fall to the ground. The news spread through tha town. A band was hired to play ilvely tunes in the afflfted orchards. The effect was that the trees were speedily cleared of caterpiilars. which were. piled in heaps and destroyed. Tue farmers are now buy ing cornets, trombones, ansi drums, or eon ploying bands to assist in fighting tte post. Hlunds'eds of organ-grinders are hurrying from all the surrounding distritst to grind the caterpliliars to their doom. The richest mine in the world, though not the largest producer, is the copper muse of tte Calumet and .Iola Company, Lake Stiperior'. Miining operationsa ditto fon the year 3000, ansi since thou £10,070,000 boa beon piaid its dividends. Thlere are 2402 shareholoers in the mine, and they receive £300,000 annually in dividends, The com isany supporls 200t00 persons, ,1000 workmen being enipioyeit. The Siteornan ausbrella, devised for ttoe Parss Exposition in 1000 as a rival of the rart Wheel, conusists' of a gigantic steel s:tructurai I50ft hsitui, built ott Otto prittoipte of an nmbrella. To the stool beams which aot as ribs are fastoned ten cars, carrying 30l0 pasoengers, and, ns the nimbretta is spotted by hsydrastlic psressure Otto cars sore carriled up. Whe the top Is reoched the simhrella will revolve. The spread of the tibs will be 25010, Afarmer; excoeetingty well to do, seas Otis wantn at this own cturch. A strange par san who had premaoted wat dImnhfontd swlen is Isis vestrY Iso sow Otto Watrden select tndtoeitot fite targest colts. 'Witat era yset abioutt" tie gasped. ite wardsn osity smiled. "I have tcd thoseolieotaon 15n thsis chntrcih far a tezen years with this Italf-croewn" he iomarknld, "and I al not going to par t with it," : 15 4'htow hilrt ttciet' is tirot solod in 150.. Josht t'arlsi innhceopior in Btiitdfod, ot ciosed a piece of waste tandt Ini tthatyesr, hut was'oritoert to give it up in 1501.,lJothn Dolerit, one of notucn tEIteahotlis ceroiners for Surrey, tins left on recordt tis feet Otist, whten heo Was a sttholat' in Othe ]iat Shotolt of iltutitford, ihoe id sevorai ci Ihis soleotl-' fellows slid 'on the said Itioced of grouind sun and play n0 'orlcluett suit other plates." A' At'alt~ilnost theld recentity Its Southiwasrl Litudado,. when Oatissaanes of Otto jitry swote cualled outt, only Ottohitite uruaof ali onOf themi wos on tub Coust patters, anid Oto juror wits 0n110o1 for ?lii fultl namte. 1Hogave it' no Siniebn Ezokiah Jacob boonc Nonis Abrahssin Zhnomerman, Consthlernbie amusement wits eniused ever Otto extraordinary isatno, Istit the jotter explaineid thaot Isis father woo a soevntth soni and had thereofre ghost the tirot' and his two brotlhers sates names, Tihn otheor jisros weore only poaBssosei of asicU 0htistian 'itnae, anit fnr wore John anit two Willism. 'The Jutror' eidcd thai. soven wsaS is Iolsy nilsntber, anid, that was Otto reason of his heing giost seven names, The hoeavy.gtsiibllntg by ncnnts of Otis noW' curse of "'Bridge,' whticht is nose going ott iii otto or two l~nnonttt elibs, 15 Otto stil Ject of 'a' good' deal. of tailk., H~undsreds ohinngo beands 'ini otteelng'sssplay, witora sisono thass toss sovoroi gns'Wnt a short tinso ago sretrly loot os' wets at a sitting, "'. According. to the latest list of prities thie tnrff,for Itnlinn titles is isa follows;- 'l1'itt' of i"prince" coost ,i0,000 fransip t' (£160051' of 'tduke,"? 50,000 ' fratte (£l'.tttll' suind of ,,aaritnis,?' 15,t00. Issues '(01000). iCoittts" ate oattest at '£000.' "latrott'ns" Iretitrally tlurow'.n aw?ay at ,I]100, whtilst lit. nrdhitar'y niobta is only' ,-orth £2*05, 