OUR SPECIAL CORRESPOK- DENCE. FROM MR. MICHAEL DAYITT. Dal key, Oo. Dublin. 9rh March, .1893. The conference of Irish Nationalist M.P.'s, which has been organised hy the Limerick Board of Guardians, is fixed for Tuesday, the 4th of April, n-nd wiM be held in Dublin. The date and plaice of meeting have lwen determined from swg>gestfons which die invited memiljers have themselves made in their letters of acceptance, and flhere ought, therefore, to be a. good prospect of a large attendance. The date mentioned falls within the Easter Parliamentary recess 1 , and Mill offer additional facilities for the presence of all who are wishiFul to take part in the proceedings. All the circumstances aaid conditions are favourable to a full gathering of the National representation. Will unity result from sinch an assembly ? I wish I could confidently aflinn that It will. I k<now how welcome such an assurance would be to your readers, a.nid to the friends of our cause throughout Australasia. If it is difficult for many of those here on the spot to account for the continuance of the split in the National movement, it must be an impossible task for those at a distance to comprehend or eotpla in so senseless and so durable a dissension. The termination of such an unhappy condition of things would be an Immense relief to the whole Irish race, apart altogether from Ihe change it would produce in the prospects of Home Rule. 1 am hopeful, but not confident, of the outcome of the conference. A majority of members have promised to attend. This, however. guarantees nothing beyond the fulfilment of that promise. If reunion depended, upon the action of the majority there would be no need for a conference'. . The dissensionists are very much in the minority. It is «;vfe to say that sixty out o'f tlhe eighty Nationalist M.P.'s are heartily in favour of tiie unity in one party of the entire representation. It is the few, and not the many, who are reluctant, or unwilling, to act as the country manifestly wishes them to act, and the success or failure of the ' gatheiing on the 4tih of April will depend entirely upon, at most, one-fourth of those who have been invited to participate in this patriotic task. Mr. John Redmond's ten followers, and about a similar number of Mr, Healy's adherents have not yet replied to the Limerick invitation. There is a month still left- for their acceptance or refusal, but it is taken as an indication of their unwillingness to co-operate in the work of reunion that these gentlemen have not so far joined with their colleagues in recognising the proposed conference, or in promising to be present. This silence is very much to be deplored. It has already discouraged those who have laboured earnestly for years past in the task of repairing the In-each which was made in 1890\. But there may be no real cause for this feeling. Sanguine'iViends of reunion base their hopes of success ehiefly upon the undoubted will and 'wish of the country for unity, coupled •With the fact that no rational excuse, short of a determination to persevere In factious opposition to reunion, for remaining away can be invented by those who have, so far, only answered by their silence. There is yet ample time left in which to hear from fheso twenty men, and all who hope and pray for a speedy ending of this unhappy and: disastrous split will continue optimistic until we reach the 4th of April. In the event of Messrs. Redmond arid Heal? and their -respective adherents moti taking part in the conference, the object for which it has been promoted -will, of course, remain unattained; What action the meeting •will decide upon .in this contingency can only be matter of conjecture. It 3s possible, tout unlikely, that an agreement for union among the marobei'K pro- posed, on such, lines as the popular voice of (he country lias already approved, namely, a policy of independence of all English political parties, Such a course would l>e both justifiable and intelligible under the circumstances, though it might aiot be the surest way 'in which to secure a fuller and more dui'able unity in the country, and among the Parliamentarians. Those who will not be at the conference will, ipso facto, be against reunion, and in opposition to the declared will of Nationalist Ireland. They will be men who Will show by tliolr absence that they prefer faction to union, national weakness to national strength: ai.d it would be the plain duty of an assembly such as the conference will be to appeal aigainsit such men to the constituencies, and call for their resignation. 'If there is to be continued faction, let the country say so through the channel of election. ' Wo shall Alien know whether the people whose interests are at. stake are for one. or for more Parliamentary partes. and with this knowledge in our possession a clearer forecast of the •near future can be taken. A reunited Irish party will mean Home Rule in a comparatively brief span of time. Fractions Of parties, working 5n friction and in virtual antagonism, •will meam the triumph of Dublin Cattle and of landlordism for half a generation. If we cannot enjoy ihe pleasure of forseeing the best, there is much advantage, at amy rate, in knowing tlhe worst that may happen. You ca-n, af 'least, be prepared for it when ft.edified.. "The view - obtains among those who ai-o ijipst earnest; in support of the conferetfo^. that- tiie wisest course to 'be taken, the event of certain members, declining to join in its labours, is to call updh trite ^constituencies represented by such vf>en to demand their resigimtioh. v ^appeal to the nationalist! electorff"/of Iceland might embody such demand. A direct challenge of this kind could not be ignored, and we might thus bring the contest between. National unity and persistent factionism to a determinate issue before the next general election. But these views may not, after all, recommend themselves to the members of the Conference. Those who do attend may see their way to organise themselves into a united party, and call upon the country to uphold^ them, On the policy indicated, against the ab-' sent.ee factionists. In either case a struggle with the opponents of reunion would be precipitated, and the constituencies would have to decide for" or against the principle on which the Conference was called into existence. A few weeks more will give us more light. It. is to be hoped, too. that it will offer us more encouragement for 'the near future than the present outlook promises. The nominations for the County and District Council elections were made a few days ago, and the contests will )>e decided in the first week in April. A much larger number of landlords and Tories are standing as candidates than was expected. This is noticeable more in Leinster and Ulster than in the west and south : though Munster has a large show of aspiring anti-Nationalists among her would-be rural and county councillors. There is an interesting moral to be learned from this show of activity on the part of our enemies. In the West, where the United Irish League " holds the tort" for organised Nationalism, very few • foes have mustered up sufficient courage to face a contested election. In Munster, where National sentiment is healthy and organisation sickly, there . is a far greater number of aggressive West-Britons in the field than were counted upon as probable candidates. In Leinster, where there is virtually no organisation at all. at the present tiime. and where the doctrine of " toleration " lias been proclaimed by Dublin Nationalist, organs, supporters of the Government are almost as numerous as popular candidates. Ulster, being at all times a divided province, stands, to that extent, apart; but in Nationalist counties of the north there are more auti-IIome Rule candidates before the electors than were counted upon as likely to "show themselves iu the fight. Want of popifla'r organisation. as a. consequence of disunion, mainly explains this deplorable state of things. The. enemy takes advantage, naturally enough, of our weakness. and tries to snatch advantages •from us thereby. But there is yet another explanation. The election of Count Moore for Derry city has imparted new courage to the landlord , class. .They see in that event what they believe to be an indication" of a desire on the part of certain priests to break away from the Nationalist movement, and. to„veturn to the politir; eal leadership of the gentry." Shis indication has been seen elsewhere, notably in various clerical pronounce- „ ments favouring the election of local landlords for county councillors,- ev]Ba - rwliere there' are only -3^idBalist voters !by whom they could be returned over Nationalist candidates. AH this tends to account for the very large uiutnber of the enemy who have put themselves iu nomination for the coming elections. It remains to be seen how many of them will succeed in their enterprise. A good many will, no doubt, who would not have a ghost, of a chance if the people were organised as they ought to be, and could be protected thereby against the intimidation of a double kind which will now be exercised on the side of the foes of the National cause. But I am inclined to think that, just as the municipal contests disappointed the expectations of these foes, and manifested the abiding strength of National feeling in our urban centres, so will the same sentiment triumph over' its assailants, and secure an overwhelming Nationalist victory in our county and ~ rural contests. The National Liberal Federation of England is at present iu session at Hull, and is attracting the keen attention of politicians. The annual conference of the clubs and associations which comprise this Federation speaks the mind and purpose of the great organisation behind the Liberal Party, and indicates the trend of political thought among the English industrial democracy. It. is the custom, at this annual conference, for the leader of the Liberal Party to deliver am address to the delegates upon the programme and policy on which their .Tory rivals are to be fought. Sir ' Henry Cainpbell-Bannerman, the new Liberal leader, performed this duty last night, and his references to the Home Rule pledges of the party were not wanting in courage or consistency. He said :—" It was supposed that the principal differences of opinion existed on the questions of Ireland and foreign policy. 'Weil. with regard to the first, they were confronted by the declarations of 18S."> and Down to 1885 the old system of bribes had the support of the majority of the Irish members in Parliament, but after then they were free, and made a demand for self-government. How could Liberals disregard that demand so long as it wtas not hurtful to Ireland or to the Empire V How could it be considered hurtful to Ireland after the Local Government Bill of last vear V (Cheers.) And how could it . be 'hurtful to the Empire if the con- " cession of the demand removed, the canker of Irish discontent ? tCheers.i How did the. Liberals now stand V There was a. constitutional demand for self-government which they could 1101 resist, for they saw that the supremacy of Parliament was maintained. How, then, could Liberals abandon their past policy ? No ; they would remain true to the Irish people as long as the Irish people were true to themselves. (Cheers.) It was said by soine that Home Rule should bo the first item in the Liberal programme, but iu his opinion it would be impossible for Liberals to lay down a fixed programme. Priority must depend on the circumstances of the day. upon the feeling of the nation, upon the temper of the party, and. above all things, upon the amount and quality of the majority which tliey would obtain. (Cheers.i Untiil tliey knew what thai majority was they could not definitely define its duties." It is evident that Sir Heurv means 1o rank himself by the side of John Morley rather than on that of Sir Henry Fowler, on the Home Rule plank of the Liberal pla.t- MICHAEL DAVITT. Attempted Wreck of Trams.—Another attempt to wreck the North Fitzroy tramears was made last Monday night, •when a piece of very hard wood was found to have been wedged in between the edges of the grip-slot in almost the same spot where a similar outrage was perpetrated on 16tli October, last year. The up and down lines were treated alike. Fortunately, no one was hurt, as the motion of the car forced out the wood. Lord Tennyson, the new Governor of South Australia, arrived in Adelaide on Monday, and was very cordially welcomed. , . . . A THEATRI; os KIHE.—Tliis Happened recently, and a panic, was only aierted by tlie> presence of mind 0[ one of the acton-. He was taking tlie part of a comic sailor. When tlie Are broke out. and tbn people were rising from tlieir seats in terror, he leaped into, the centre of the stage" arid comnicneed the sailors' hornpipe. The pnme was averted, the Are was got under, and the curtain came down amidst* a storm of cheers. All that is required at a crisis is-presence'of mind. When we are suddenly taken ill and know not which way to turn, if we only have tlie presence of mind to think of Hollow-ay's Pills and Ointment all will be well, and danger need not lie feared. 