THE CAPITAL HOAX. While admitting that, according to the spirit of the Sec-rot Conference Bill, the temporary seat of government should he in Melbourne, aud recognising tbe practical im possibility of having it anywhere else but at the place where Parliament meets, Mr. Deakin has attempted to persuade tlie Syd ney people that the technical loophole by which Mr. lteid undertakes to evade the obvious conditions of tbe agreement is never theless a reality. If Mr. Deakiu has al lowed himself to he so persuaded, ho must have permitted someoue else to read for him the clause of tho Bill by which this matter is governed. As be absolutely misquotes it, it Is, at any rate, impossible that he could have given the question the amount of per sonal attention necessary to the formation of a sound opinion. "Clause 125," says Mr. Deakiu, "deals explicitly only with the per manent seat of government. . . . The provision as to Victoria is for the Parlia ment to sit there until it meets at the per manent seat of government; consequently this clause is silent as to where the tempo rary seat of government shall be in tbe interval before tbe permanent seat Is chosen." Briefly, be argues that on the legal principle of- tho expression of one mean ing the exclusion of the other, the temporary seat of government is ex empted from the operation of the clause. This argument rests upon a total misconception of the facts, for the clause makes no exception whatever. It simply enacts. that "the seat of government .... shall be distant not less than one hundred miles from Sydney." When Mr. Deakiu assumes, that it mentions tbe "per manent seat" he, thorefpro, entirely deceives himself. There Is no qualification of any kind, and it is no more silont about the tem porary seat than about the permanent seat.. The adjective on tlie strength of which Mr. Reid undertakes to violate the spirit of tbe Bill, for the purpose of chousing Melbourne out of the fruits of Sir George Turner's diplomatic victory over him, Is a pure figmeut of the imagination, and we defy Mr. Deakln or anybody else to prove the contrary. If. this Bill would legalise the location of the capital in Sydney for one day, it would legalise it for ever, since it is just as silent regarding the permauent as the temporary seat of government. It ignores the distiuc- tlou altogether, and any statement to tlie contrary Is a simple negation of i'tict. But oven supposing that there was a possibility of torturing the Bill so as to nmke It tech nically sanction tho capital being in Sydney, Mr. Deakln lets it'be clearly enough under stood that if Mr. Reid attempted to tuke ' ndvantago of such a flaw he would reckup without his host It was not for nothine that Sydney was specially barred from ever having tbe capital, and that Melbourne wus specially named as the place where Parlia ment should meet. until a seat of government at least a hundred miles from Sydney was Ootabllshed. This all had a definite pur pose, aud the colonies which went to such pains to accomplish it would, even If tlie' Bill, through au oversight, was silent about tbe temporary capital, still liave tbe matter iu tbeir own bands. To attempt to gull Sydney into tbe belief tbat It 1ms as much as the shadow of the ghost of a cliantie of, by any artifice, ever being tbe capital of the Federation uuder tbis prohibitory Bill, is, therefore, sheer puerility. The main "con cession" secured by Mr. Reid at the Secret Conference was a clause expressly and suc cessfully intended to make this imposslble.- 