SHORT STORY'. GABRIELLE'S GHOST, ? Yon English bolioe,' said Monsieur Gar nier, the world-famous French detective, as he leaned baok in his chair, aid lit a oigar — ? yon English polioe have your methods of detection, whioh are admirable in their way, and yet whioh fall short in something, and that something is imaginativeness. Having onoe obtained a olue. yoa oan work it np as sUllfolly as any det«otives in the world, but, failing eaoh cine, I mast confess, gentlemen, yonr little plane are too often wwwm* iv uuiuni imnglDMlvanBBS IB, in my humble opinion, as necessary to the detective as to the successful noveliat, and if yon will forgive my talking of myself, I will tell yon the Btory of the ease whioh brought mo what fame I have the honour to possess. la that oaee we had not the slightest olue to go upon, but the im aginative instinct served me in snob, a man ner that I ran my man to earth. 1 One sultry morning in August, I was commissioned to go to the Chateau Monoy, at VUlefort, a rural distriot abont forty miles from Paris, where, it seemed, a mys terious crime had been committed. Mademoiselle Gabrielle Monoy, the only daughter of the chateau, had been found on the floor of her bedroom early that morning qnite dead, the medical evidence showing that she had been killed bj poieon. ' On arrival at the ehatean, I was at once ushered into the presence of Monsieur Monoy, a dignified, middle-aged man, who rose to greet me as I entered. He was overcome with grief, and it was plain to see that he tad been weeping continuously. ' Be seated, monsieur,' he said, in a low tone, ' and I will give you all the particulars at my disposal of this awful affair.' 1 obeyed hie request, and seated myself near the window. ' Now. monsieur,' I said, quietly, ' I am entirely at your servioe.' ? In that case,' he returned, ' I will pro ceed to explain matters to yon without further delay. Yesterday morning I went to Paris to attend a sitting of the Chamber of Deputies, of whioh I have the honour of being a member. 1 left in the house my poor daughter Gabrielle, her cousin Monsieur Ernest Money, my secretary— a young man named Vautiin — and the house servants, in cluding Madame Blanche, the housekeeper. ? The Chamber sitting late last evening, I stayed at an hotel where I usually put up when in Paris, and this morning at nine o'clock 1 was horrified to receive a telegram from my housekeeper informing me that my daughter had been discovered dead- I at onoe came post-haste to this house, and found that the message was only too true. The doctor who had been hastily summoned deolared that my daughter had been poisoned by means of some vegetable drug, Buoh as bruoine or strychnine. This is all I have to tell you.' ' Do you suspect anyone i' 1 asked, after a short pauee, in the passing of which the distressed father sat looking at me with anxious eyes. - Is there anyone in the house who would benefit fay this death ?' 'Only one— Monsieur Earnest Money, my poor daughter's cousin, the next of kin. But he is so admirable and excellent a young man that to suspect him is madness.' 4 The secretary P' 'Is a man whom I have taken from poverty and destitution, and whose fortune I am making, Beeing that I am to obtain for him a secretaryship to the Minister for In struotion. Hardly the man, monsieur, - to repay me for my servioes by murdering my only child.' ' True enough. The other inmatoB of the house are, I suppose, not to be suspected for a moment ?' 'Not for a moment. They all loved my child, and would have died for her.' \- Oonld anyone have obtained admittance to the house during the night ?' 'Impossible. Every door was barred and bolted as usual, so the hausekeeper informs me.* 'Some visitors might have' called last evening f* ? No visitor could have called. The storm kept everyone away.' ' From whom do you ottain these facts f 'From Madame Blanche, the house keeper. Perhaps you would like to inter rogate her?' ' It would be 8B well, I think.' 'Monsieur Monoy touched a bell; and summoned the woman, who was evidently much agitated. She answered my questions in a straightforward, sensible manner, and,, ?whilst it is not usual for men of my pro fession to judge from appearance, I never theless felt, con viiioed when Madame Blanohe quitted the room that she was as innocent of duplioity in evidence as she was of complicity in the crime. ' Yon are satisfied with the housekeeper Y asked Monsieur Money when aha. had de parted. ' Quito. There seems no reason to doubt the acouraoy of her statements. She affirms that Mademoiselle Gabrielle did not quit the house yesterday, and no visitor oalled. Now what does the doctor say as to , the time when the poieon was swallowed f ' ' He oan say nothing very definite until after the post-mortem ; but he is willing to swear that the poison was administered within twelve hours of the finding of the body this morning.' ?Then it is pretty dear that the poison was administered by some individual in this' house f ' 'Undoubtedly. There oan bo no other theory V 'Excepting one,' I put in, nervously, 'and you will not be offended at my refer ring to it. Young ladies have been known before now to destroy themselves. Oan it be possible that this is a case in point ?' ' He sprang. ?Monsieur Garnier,' he cried passionately, ' dismiss that idea from your mind at onoe. My daughter was the happiest girl in the province, and more than that, her firm religion would have led her to look upon suioide as a deadly sin. 1 am willing to swear by the Almighty who made me that she who lies dead upstairs did not die by her own hand.1 ' ' Calm yourself, monsieur,' I said, gently, feeling muoh sympathy for the heartbroken man, * cairn yourself, and remember that it is only by calmness that you oan aid myself and tne polioe in arriving at the truth.. We will dismiss the theory of self-destruotlon, ainoayousay that auoh a course was im possible to your daughter, and we will re turn to tne possibilities. They are as follows.' ' Go on,' he said, quiikly ; ' I am lis tening.' 'We have proved to our own satisfaction that yonr daughter has died of a poison given her by an inmate of this house. It is hardly likely that any of the menial seotion of the household oan be oonoerned in the affair, and the housekeeper also is apparently above suspicion. This narrows down our possibilities to two persons.' \- I paused. He nodded to me to go on, and I continued : ' Those persons are Monsieur Ernest, your nephew, and the other person your secretary.' ? Impossible I' he cried ; ? Vautrin, the secretary, oould have &6 possible motive. Ernest would have a motive certainly, but his nature would shrink from euoh aoriine.' ' We are merely disoussing possibilities,' I returned, slowly, ' and the realm of snob is, as*you know, a large one* It seams to me, however, that, even assuming one of theBe men is guilty, it will be impossible to fasten his guilt upon him.' 'Why I' 'Surely it is plain enough. You have . two men in a house, either of whom may have administered a poison. How shall yon say whioh of those two men it is P' ? Ah I yes. It !b a terrible mystery, MonDieul What is to be done. f» ? Nothing oan be done, monsieur,'. I said, rising, 'until after the' inquest had been held and the post-mortem examination made. Perhaps some little assistance may bs gained by suoh inquiry ; but I fear it will be very little. And now. with your permission,! should like to view the body.' 'He sighed heavily, and rang the bell. ' Madame Blanohe shall accompany you,' he gsid ; ' I have not the courage . ?The housekeeper conducted me to the obamber where the unfortunate girl lay, and, going towards the bed, I lifted the sheet whioh oonoealed the rigid faoe. And as I did eo I uttered a low cry. ? By some strange coincidence, the faoe wag the image of a certain oousin of my ao quaintanoe— a young girl known ae Julie de Meran — who was studying at the Conserva toire, with a view to beooming an aotress. It is said that all men and women have somewhere their doubles ; the double of this dead girl was my oomsin Julie de Meran. ' 'As I gazed on the wonderful likeness, there rose in my brain a sadden inspiration. It flashed through my mind like lightning, and fasomated me there and then. Going hastily downstairs, after replacing the sheet, I returned to Monsieur Money's room and olosed the door. ? Monsieur' I said, 'I have seen the oorpse. And the seeing of it hag given me a plan.' ' A plan !' he cried. ? What do you mean? A plan of detection?' 'Aye. A plan by which, if all goes well, confession can be extorted from the criminal, and justice done on your daughter's as sasBin.' ' He came towards me and grasped my hands. ?Monsieur Garnier,' he said, in a voioe husky with emotion, 'do this, and you will have earned my everlasting thanks.' ? I wiU oonfide to you' my plan,' I raid, when he had somewhat calmed himself. ' I warn yon, first of all, that it may appear to you theatrical iu the first place, and de eeoratingto the memory of your daughter in the eeoond plaoe. But I oan think of no other plan, and I leave it entirely to you whether I shall go through with it or not.' ' Whatever you suggest,' he returned, 1 shall be done. Let justice be thought of before all else. Tell me your plan.' ' It is merely this,' I said, quietly. 'When I looked on your daughter's taoe a moment ago, I was strnok by her resemblanoe to a oousin of mine— a young aotrees, Mile. Julie de Meran. It ooourred to me then and there that I might prevail upon her to come to this ohBteau at midnight in a month's time, and to impersonate the spirit of your departed child. Taken to the apartments of the suspected parties, the guilty one would surely proolaim his guilt when brought faoe to face at that weird hour of midnight with the phantom, as he would suppose, of bis poor viotim. The admission of guilt onoe made, all details as to the purpose and method if the crime could be elioited, and taken down by me from outside the ohamber door. The plan is a strange one, but I think it. is worth trying, and, more than that, Monsieur Moiioy, I think one other thing.' 1 And that is f he cried, his eyes on fire with excitement.' ' I think,' i returned, deliberately, ? that it will succeed.' ' There was a long pause. Then he spoke and the words came firmly ; ' My friend,' he said, ? the plan is a ter rible one, and to aid you in it will be an ordeal Buoh as 1 have never imagined. But since at the end of it there may be success, I say to you, ? Go on with your scheme, and may Heaven help you to disoover the murderer of my poor little Gabrielle.' ' Discovering the ioulprit,' I made answer, ? will be useless unless we can fasten the guilt on him, and that is my reason for for mulating the strings soheme of whioh I have told you. However, it is possible that between now and the next few weeks some other way of doing justioe on the murderer will be found, in wnioh case, of oonree, my fantastic proposition will be dispensed with.' ' Be it so,' he made answer, after a pause. 'It is now the 7th of August. If bj Sep tember 7 the mystery is not cleared up, I will telegraph to you, 'Come to Villefort;* and yoa will understand that the message is your authority to put your plan into aotion. ? ?I understand/ I returned; 'And now let me give you some instructions as to what is to be done in case I am sent for. In the first place, nobody is to know of my ooming; and, secondly, the keys of the doors of your secretary and nephew must be taken away so that their apartments can be entered. Tne slightest obstaole In our way might upset the whole affair most completely.' .' He assured me that theBe points should hive his attention, and then we shook hands and eaid adieu. * ???.????. ' A month passed. At ten a.m. on Sep tember 7 I reoeived a telegram. It simply said, 'Come to Villefort.' I knew then that the mystery was still unsolved, and that it remained with me to help to solve it.' ' My Oousin Julie took in the whole affair immediately, and, so far from refusing her assistance, gladly proffered it when she she realised the importance of the issue at stake. It therefore oatne to pass that as the clocks were pealing the hour of midnight on {September 7, Julie and myself knocked soltly at the house door, and were admitted by Monsieur Money. ' dome in,' he said, his hands shaking with nervousness whioh he tried to master. \- Came in, and let as get this awful soene over.*. '?., -:??*:- ? At this moment he oaught sight of Julie, and he reeled. ' Merciful Heavens 1' he oried ; ' what a resemblance. It in my daughter's living image.' 'flush!' I oried, fearful lest his voioe might disturb the inmates of the house. 'Hush! and let as lose no time. Oondnot us first of all to the apartment of your nephew.' ? Ah I' he oried ; ' then it is him you ens peot?' ' Be good enough monsieur, to wait and see.' ?We readied the apartment of Ernest Monoy, and found the door slightly ajar. The room, was in darkness save for the moonlight, which came fitfully through the blind. Julie, trembling: slightly, but thor oughly calm, glided info the room, and. touohed the sleeping man on the shoulder. - ' He awoke with a low ory. ?Mon Dieu) It is the apparition of Gabrielle pome baok from' the grave I' Tes; itiB I-GabrieUe!' she said, ina low tone; 'I have come baok to find who' was my murderer.' . 'It is not It' he said. 'I loved you too well, Gabrielle, to injure you, and sinoe your death I have tried in vain to find your assassin.' ? It is well,' she returned, in the same tone. 'Adieu.' ' ? ' ' Moiioy fell baok in a fainting condition, and Julie rejoined us. . ' Our nexc step was to go to the room of the Secretary vautrin. Here a terrible ?cent ooourred, for no sooner had the man's gaze fallen npon the midnight visitor, than he jumped from his oouoh, and shrieked out : ? Ah I God help me, have matey upon me 1 It is the phantom of Gabrielle come baok to haunt me sinoe I took her life. Help ! help! help!' * * ?JBeoalm,' eaid Julie, 'and toll me why you took my life.' 'Do you not knowr Turn away yonr Fes that they may not pierce my soul, and will tell you. That night— that awful night of August 6, do yon not remember. I insulted you, and you swore to tell your father, on his return, of the insult.' ?Foam was on his lips. He wiped it away, and went on, hoarsely : ' 1 knew that if your father heard of my behaviour, I was ruined. My position in this house wbi destroyed, and— worse than that — my prospects blasted in the future. A sadden thought inspired by thejSend owno to me, and that thought said, ' EU1 her, and then she oan do you no harm.' ' Onoe again he wiped his lips with the sheet. ' Go on,' said the white-robed figure, ' toll me all.' ' All ! There is little more to tell. A year previously, a oollege fciend had sent me some strychnine for experimental use in connection with a treatise I was writing on ohomistty, and that strychnine lay in my desk unused. - Going to the desk, I took the powder and emptied the whole of it into the milk-jug left by the servant on the tray outside your room, your customary drink in the nights. I flattered myself that detection was out of the question, for who was to know that I desired your removal f and it seemed to me also that suspicion would fall on your oousin, who would benefit by your death.' 'Yoa have no more to say?' asked the quiet figure at the bedside. ' No more. But, if you would not drive me mad, .leave me now, and promise that you will return no more. For rather than be haunted by you, 1 swear that I will destroy myself at onoe, or surrender myself to the polioe at daybreak.' ' There is no need for either of those aots, Monsieur Vautrin,' I oried, bursting into the room, followed by M. Money, ' for the polioe will save you the trouble of giving yourself up. You are my prisoner. I arrest you in the name of the Bepublio on your own confession of the wilful murder of Mademoiselle Gabrielle Monuy.' ' He tried to speak, but words failed him. His jaw dropped, his eyes started from his head ; if ever hopeless despair was written in a man's face, it was written in his faoe then. He made no resistance when I lutnd inffed him, end submitted to being led away to the polioe depot without a word. ' His confession, taken down by me, and witnessed by Julie and Monsieur Money, was duly brought up at his trial, and he was, of course, found guilty. He went to the guillotine, probably the first man in the his tory of crime whose oonfession of guilt had baen extracted by euoh means as I have re lated, and whioh means, I claim, were the result of the imaginative instinct whioh is essential to the euco&es; of the detective of to-day.' 