HANSARD REPORT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. . TirpcnAV SEPTEMBER 98. The SPEAKER (Hon. Sir Jenkin Coles) took the Chair at' 2 o'clock. ? . MR. TUCKER' AND THE PREMIER. TK»' SPEAKER said:— Before the bust ness of the day commences, I should like to Eav that [ potice in the 'Hansard' report of last Thursday's proceedings that the hon. m«nber for Encounter'Bay,\Mr. Tuck er, made? interjections with reference to the Hon. the Premier which-were distinctly out of order. I did not hear the interjections made; and, bad I done so, I would have directed the attention of the hon. member referred to. and should have a*ked him to withdraw them. .' . ASSISTANT CLERK. Tbe SPEAKER said:— I desire to inform tho House that the Clerk Assistant is un able to attend his duties owing to illness; and, with the pemkeon of tbe House, I tropose that. Mr. Wilby shall attend the lurtps until he returns. PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC A'OR£S (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) told' Mr. 2att that Cabinet had already approved of pving effect to the recommendation, in the upgress 'report of the Public Service Com nisrion. lo Mr. Batchetor— The report roold be forwarded to the Railways Com niflsioner, with instructions from'* him to p* ve effect to it. . . . .THE, BOTANIC GARDENS. The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. R. Butler) told Mr. Hutchison that he had not yet obtained a report regarding the ?tatf of tbe ponds and drains in the Botadic Sardens. ? ? ? ? ' ?? OVERTIME IN THE* RAILWAY ? SERVICE. , ? The COMMISSIONER of . PUBLIC WORKS, replying to Mr. Roberts, said he ?rbuld askibr.a return before directing tbat the men who had 'worked overtime in the Raihvay Service during the past month should .be paid for tbat work. To Mr. Batchelor — He had not already obtained such a return. Mr. Roberts referred to men who had worked more than ninety-six hours a fortnight, and that member wanted to know whether .they. would be paid for. any excess they might have worked. RAILWAY MATTERS. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, to !Mr. Batchelor, said that the Railways Commissioner had reported that the estimated annual cost of running the locomotives now stationed at Adelaide, light, between Islington and Adelaide, in the event of the removal of the Adelaide run ning- shed, was £2^60. The estimated cost of removing the Adelaide running-shed and rebuilding/and extending that at Islington was £25,000. The annual cost of running locomotives, light, between Islington and Adelaide at the present time was £1,000. Two thousand pounds per annum wuold be saved if land were available by removing the ' Islington running-sheds to Adelaide. r The COMMISSIONER of CROWN [lANDS (Hon. L. O'Loughlin), in answer » Mr. Miller, said the total amount of tyertime worked in the Land Office during :he last two years was 7,040 hours: and -he total number of officers promoted during Jielast three years was six in the Land Jffice.and fifty in the -whole department Fhc total-number of officers receiving less :han £200 per annum were thirteen in the Lands Office. and seventy in the whole de partment. Overtime was caused by nn uwal work in connection with the reduc tion of rent,. as only a certain number of Jerks can get at the books. HOUSEHOLD SUFFRAGE BILL. Third reading. The Hon. W7 B.'ROUNSEVEIjL, in ris ing to oppose the third reading, recog nized that the matter had been fairly well thrashed out, and therefore he did not pro pose to occupy the time of the House to any great length. At the same -time, it was necessary to emphasize the points of disagreement be had with the Bill, and to put one or two fresh ones to the House. Every reading and thoughtful man in the province must have been struck with the ;reut prominence social problems had re ceived throughout tbe . world during the past few yean. AH classes of literatare had taken the subject, up, the Press had teemed with articles on it, and various Parliaments had occupied their time in consideration of social questions. South Australia had not escaped. Our colony was founded in no or dinary way. South Australia was originally established by men who were philanthro pists, and lovers of freedom — men ,who saw the disadvantages under which the.jcreat masses, of. lwople in Great Britain and Europe laboured, and who thought and .hoped, to establish .a. country in Australia /ree from this, thraldom. The early pioneers migrated here actuated and filled as much wito a love of religious and social freedom, and imbued with reli gious sentiment far stronger than that con nected with mere commercial enterprise. Many of the early colonists came from the west of England and .Scotland, and were filled with tbe old Puritan spirit, and an intense love of liberty and freedom, and no doubt the freedom' to be enjoyeu under the Constitution attracted people from other lands, and in great numbers their fellow colonists from Germany; and, recognising that, ? the descendants of those early pioneers — whose chief characteristic was their love of freedom, social, nolitical. and ontmercial, found that throughout South Lustralia the most marked characteristic :a« the love of fair play. When *ocial pro lemswere presented to them they were ver- ready and willing to consider them, nd- to bring unprejudiced minds to bear rith regard to them, untrammelled by an ient custom or older methods. During the. isfriive or six-years they had presented to hem with great persistency, and in *ome uses, with an amount of force, the extreme iews oi the Socialists, and they murt re ognise that the effect of that had been for he Parliament itself to have socialistic ten lencie*. 'The legislation had been in that lirection. He did not think any one who ras capable of forming an opinion with re ;ard to the position of the body of la bourers throughout the world would deny hat in South Australia the position of the ireat bulk of the labourers had been more mpToved than in any. other country in the vorid. No doubt some persons in the oioby bad aeeu with pleasure, many, he re retted to say, with indifference, and others iith alarm, the constant advance of the so ialistic doctriucs. Some of those had been ncorpomted in the legislation of the lolony, some with. advantage, others with lisad vantage. The advance of those doc ;rines culminated in . Australia in the ixodus which was led by Mr. Lane to New Australia iu^Sonth Africa. Mr. Lane was i thoroughly honest man. who fervently he ieved in th'e sentiments he uttered and his -ropositions. No doubt he was an eatbn tiastic idealist, but tbe effect of his spcak ng to the people throughout Australia led o an exodus, ft wa* unnecessary, for him » follow the historv of that new departure, jecanse it proved, like every other jne of which history afforded an txampk, an absolute failure. The lame spirit had been moving in South Australia, and they bad oeen -iie effects of it in the institution of our viUagc set tlements. These had coat tbe country twine £100,000, and had proved from every point of view an absolute failure.. (The Commis sioner of Crown' Lands— 'No, quite the rc trerae.') He did not set toimself up as the highest compendium of knowledge, like the Donunireioner of Crown Land*, hut we fact remained that when «uiy unprejudiced mind saw the 'results of that expenditure and looked at the position of the settle ments to-day, it mnet admit that whether from a aor^uiMartnl or a commercial point of view, ihoso settlements had been an absolute failure. If d»?y were -o be con tinued they would cost the country a great deal more money. The great ideal of the Labour Party w*s conceived in countries altogether different to those winch trad been established or settled by the Anglo-Saxon race. That Weal wa» not an equal opportunity to employ their ta k-irU 'to the full, to apc&d; .tbrir earnings as thev might wish, but wan an altogether different proposition. It **» the enjoy, ment of an equal division of all goods irre speotivc of how *hty might h»ve been ac cumulated or .acquired. The ideal w» a communistic one. No doubt it was a great and lofty ideal, but it waa imponable of attainment. BeUaray's 'Looking Barfc vard' might be taken a« embodying the great central ideal of thk forward move ment. This great vUs-\, this sociaiwic and Labour Partv weretoo wise to thrust bold ly ko *Jks front and to publicly advocate. Privately many of them did— (Mr. Conley ed it to be tne wisest course ior this ana every other country to adopt. (Mr. Bat cbelor— 'You advocate it and we w31 go with you.') But they exercised, a great deal of wisdom, cunning, and foretibonght, because! under the Fabian poKcy of little by little, step by step, they were trying to remove bhe whole foundation*. The pil lars of the tabernacle they tried to remove, and tbe oM . . constitutional landmarks ? and., afegu*rd« wore one- by one being whittled away. Finally, ? they would. see, if they had their way, .one class politically .dominant in this colony and everywhere else, and that a dass directed in the rame manner as the Secret .Ten directed the policy of Venice. Thev saw that: one. party, aiming at the domination of aB political * rights and powers, and that party was being dominat ed and directed in secret (Mr. Batchelor— 'By whom?'!'.. He did not know. If Mr. Batchelor told them everything, they would know. They saw that party in this and the other colonies day by day voting solidly, no matter what arguments were employed, at the direction, to far as he knew, of the fe rret councils of that party. That was the Tradw Hall Party, which dictated to its members and to the Government what they thould do. That in itself was a threatened ianger not only to the Government of the jountry, but also to tlie liberty; of .every one n it. To-day-they saw tiy .every effort put forth by tbe Government, directed by the Labour Party, that! tfiey were entrenched igamsi the Constitution-one of the freed, ind best in the world. If tbe Bill became law, tbe Constitution would be overthrown. Fhe Government were being directed by the Labour Party. . (The ?Attorhey- General-7 ?Notbing of the sort.') The Government were bound hand ana foot to the La bour Part;-, and they ' hod declared that the Bill was only \a .halting-place. Tbat party dared not. at first tell Hie people what they were driving 'at or what . they, wanted. They, merely said it was to enable a man and his wife to have a vote. They did not recognise at tbat time. the ultimate goal— adoK suffrage. (The AttorneyGene ral— 'Oh, y«;'I did.') , It had been put by the Treasurer that this was not' ibe halt ing-place, and several members of the La-, bour Party had also blurted it out. (Mr. Price— 'There is ho secret .about it.') They wanted only one House represented by adult suffrage. (Mr. Solomon— 'And on the population basis.') Yes. They wanted to undermine the Constitution, and say that those who did not pay taxes should have some voice in the disposal of the taxes. Look at the speeches of 3Ir. Bat-, chelor. They all trended in one way— that the party to which he belonged should dominate the legislation in the Upper House, the same as was done there. Mr. Batchelor was tibe mouthpiece of .the party, and he (the speaker) could not. forget the very severe and bitter attack he made the previous week on Mr. Wood: Mr. Batche lor had said 'everything' was in the Bill. He recognised that, too, Tor by that Bill the Labour Partv would have control of both Houses, or they would wipe away one al together. The members of that party all sang the same song, led by Mr. Batchelor, who led the orchestra. Now people were beginning to see the effect, for if ten peo ple Kvcd in separate rooms of a ten-roomed louse they would all be entitled to have a rote. Possibly they might. find twenty in the Ten rooms. (The Treasurer— 'But it is not a separate room; it is a separate dwelling.') The farmers and producers ?rere beginning to realize what the exact position was. What became of. the won derful piece of sentiment of the Trea rarerV-'Look at the faces of your friends md neighbours. Are they .not as wise, as honest, as patriotic as you?' If they were u wise as Socrates or an Archibald, . as bonest as Diogenes .or the Treasurer, or as patriotic as Q. Curtiug or tbe Attorney General, that had nothing to do with the question. When they did not add to the resources of the country. and the stability of the place they, should not- have a vote for the Council. They had the privilege of sending men to the Assembly, but, with regard to the election for the Council, it was an inalienable right which belonged to the taxpayers. The Labour Party wanted a remission of the Customs duties, and the deficiency, in their opinion, should be made up by a tax on land. They wanted abso lute control placed in' the hands of one class that contributed little or nothing to the sum total. The Government only had one policy— the policv of the Labour Party. [The Treasurer— 'But you cannot touch Customs and Excise after federa tion.')' The Government only had the one policy, and the people were beginning to see this. When speaking with Mr. Handy side the other. day that gentleman asked what would be the result if every Tom. Dick, and Harry could go into a District Council and determine the amount of rates that should be levM. and an to bow, when, and where it should be raised? He replied to Mr. Handysidc tbat there was a far more absurd thing in the face of the Houm: hold Suffrage Bill before the A«senibly. Mr. Gordon and Mr. Glynn had demonstrated tbat tbe Council had never been guilty of obstruction. They had shown that that Chamber had accepted the most democrati*: measures, when they knew tlittt the tax payer desired it. The Council did. not know the opinion of the taxpayers on that Bill, for they had had three different propositions before them by the Government during the but two years. The Bill, if. pa/wed, w»«. im potent for good and pregnant with ill, and was likely to arouse class animosity, just at a time when they *uould lie calm, in order to make the necessary alterations to the Constitution under federation. The Lmrislativp Cnunril was nnt to hi- wv-r»vil nd bullied, and they were not with bated reath to a«k 'What is the sweet will of be Trades Hall Party,' that they, might asten to' oKpy. They had . to - represent lie electors who returned them. . (The At arney-Gcneral— 'And arc they not boun-1 » the will of the people V') Certainly, when bey knew what that will was but they ad not had an opportunity so far. lie tooK b that they were as wise, as honest, au.l » patriotic as the Attorney-Gcuerui and he Treasurer, and they would do their luty as they had done it before. Why, he bked, had the Government introduced that Jill, and why had the Attorney- General nd the Treasurer been . gallivanting and lumping the country, and making specchc*. le aid not think it was for the love of lousehold suffrage, and he thought the Utorney-Geueral would admit tbat it wan o pay the Labour Party the debt he owed hem for his last election, and the great upport thev had given him. It was to five them the power to hold a Damoclean word over tne head of the Councu. rhat was his opinion, and anybody who ran ould read the same. Perhaps the Atlor icy-General was alivo to the sense of fa rours to come, and why rfiouM there t-c ill this pother and turmoil? They were ooking forward to an early realization of he a#piratiou» of the continent when, in he eloquent words of Gavan Duffy, they mild sue 'the birth of a fairer Alhwm ind a freer Horn?,' ami lie o^NMcd the Jill because he felt that it-w.is pregnant for II and had been fought out *o strongly by the [rovcrnnient to give the domination of one rlass over South Australia. It was uniu-; t would give the power of taxation and dis luisitkm into tfie hands of thot-e who con ;ributed little or lioUiing to die revenue, md it would give the (Jovcmnient (tower to destroy tl»c l.-cgi.Hlative* Council, one Of die strongest and best 'branches of Legisla ture in the province. Mr. UANDYS1DE raid that the BiU had been before the Itotue for three month*, ind though he would not call it a vmttc »f time, very able speeches having been made on botn sides, he was wire that the talking had not altered a single rote. Mem bers had just returned from the elector*, ind their minds were innde up. xso doubt what had been given away by the Cover ment had opened tlte -eyea of many people in the country. On the first occmmoii the Ministry went to the country they advo cated a £15 franchise. They left that last rear and brought in household ?uffrage,aiid went to the country on it this year. They bad tincc been tula what tbe intention of the (.?overnment was U* be if household suffrage were carried. . Tbe Treasurer had told them that that was only ihc thin end of the wedge of adult suffrage, ami had the country known that such was ihe in tention of the Government the referendum vote would not have been the same a« it was. The Premier had been in no hurry to paw tbe Bill, hut tad rather encouraged the talking. The Premier could have closed the debate at any time he pleaded, but the Premier thought Umt by ctfnthiuing titc talking, by having tbe speeches circulated throughout the country in both daily iwnera, and by himself and die Treasurer going about spouting and abusing Hie Coun cil and all who were opposed to the pro ]tosal' be would arowe a certain amount of excitement and cntiuiriasni. But Mr. Kingston had been lmsnccowfu] in his en deavour. The Premier had not aroused a particle of enthusiasm. He understood that the Premier was going 'fo 4wld forth in hi» (Mr. HandysideV) district. He was welcome to go, but he was not afraid that the Premier would do anything that lie said Tie would do. At the eight-hours racial the Premier, speaking of the legislative Council, taid that 'whom the god- wiriwd to' destroy they fin* made mad.' Evi dently,- from the sueocne* of some of tho supporter* of the Government, they were the gods who wuhed to' destroy the Council altogether, though they pretended tbat such was not their intention. He was sure that, from the characUsr of the meu in tjbe other House, the Premier, even with his endeavour* to harass them, would, have very little chance of driving them mad. The first person to show madncsA would be the Premier hiuuteli. On teveml occanvns that member had *hown sign* of insanity, but be hoped the Premier would get over thi* mcacurc without fulling into, the very bad condition lie had in previous times. Mr. Kingston had said that lie had put Ms JumkI to *1k- plough and would not turn back, but wiul was Che good of tiy plough if k waa stuck? The Premier did not have the ua.ni to pull it through, and he believed that the rremk* would ue vwy glad if he had his hands off tlic plough, and if he tad never touuhed ii .it all. \Muvt was to be gained, by * -li*»luu-«i or by the election of edcht new nM*n»l-ers to thv Vp jier House? Perhaps a few uwwIats of the Adwmbly would uo: gul Uui. Uu. tbat would not alter the v--iins |»/»vr v«o' much, while * -!k*-lTi:«-«i --f the Upjt Hout-e -would uteon uha.t i*. woul.i gn Uk stronger than ii was toniiy. Wiwit th«Ti was Che u?«' .»f pincins th«- i-wory V* ftx; expeni« viinit uic (VowruiiK-nt pro|*M.*i to irxur? M«my nu-uil-ew wou'd like ui vote againA Uic measure now -jr not to vote *t all if 'Jiey knew that, the Govrrn ment intended u- diswJre the IL-u$e. It a duseoUnion were made, he did not bcbirve that the Premier would corn* bac-k iu xitm same position as be octoipied t»day. lo stead of pronouns harmony and good feel ktg among thp people, *b«y vrtn stnrinf up the country «M bringing aetaaguxusb clam, and were making tho difnciutus of altering tbe Constitution much Kresuer than they were at the present time. Tbe Premier asked if they could not tnwt the riaaae* of 33ae people. Had tinvy not trus tsd the i-«ople l»y giving them the suf* frage for both Houses of Uk« Common* veahb? B«rt they could not trust thv P-rc- mier; any one wiio htd done ?» fold found bim to be » rotten reed. There were many instances of thud. Mr. KmcdUin had dcaer ted the Chairman of the Hospital Board, who work«d so hard for him in the trouble over that io«iitution. Then, one of 44m leading Q.C.'s worked btad for tlie Pre mier vrtien -he wax in great straitft and dif ficulties, but how van the Q.C. abutted when be eroded Mr. Kingston's path? The Premier had no feeling lor any one who crossed hi* path. The Treasurer wid -4iat because adim suffraco had been granted for the Federal Howes the same privilege should be given in connection with the locnl Houses. But tbe cases were not analogous. After federation Custom and Excise duties would be taken away from our control; also the Post and Telegraph Department. Verv little would be left to the local Parliament in legislation for taxation. Tho people had been given the right to vote lor members of tin: Federal Houses bacauso they paid towards the revenue of the Com monwealth, but 4he Household Suffrage Bill asked that a vote should be given to people who paid nothing at «H to the Go venuneut ot the colony. Those who did not po-»estf land or property would not be taxed under ihe parochial Government which we would become. The House of Rcprotivtativc* was to be dotted by a di vL-ioii of tlic Statf« into eleotoraies, and the Senate by a colony voting as a wboic.. But nothing like that was proposed in tho Bill before llicin. Tlic Government prono cJ ro have the federal oleotioos on the . same baws as the Convention elections, as. if it were otherwise 4-bc lVemier would ixve a ]»oor uiancc oi oeing rciurneii. His colleasue, who had made, an able speech, had put a (toint in an insidious way. Sir. l'cake wax in favour of adujt suffrage and he had told his constituents so on the busUngM. He had pointed out that there might be twelve applicant* to the Land Board for mx blocks of land, and be asked why should men who did not sot the land and who might be more intettigeirt Uian tlie others be deprived --f a vote? Tbe answer to that was Ui.it they had . not Uic qiialificatiuu. Why did not the Government . try the new' scheme in Ibe District Councils? It would be better lo try ii in a small way. He would be surprised if the ratepayers of a District Council would submit to lL Would tiiey allow people who paid no rates to vote for the people who ahould declare what tho rate would be? If they did, tbe people who did not pay any rates would cleat men who would make others pay heavy rates, so that there .would be a large Mini to expend on works. The Government admitted that they wanted ndtilt cuffragc, and give the power into the hand* of the people who did not niy taxes to elect men who would heavily fix those who did. Tho Treasurer raid nropoMalo had been before the Lctririntire Council for yearn to secure a reduction of the qualification. There had not been nuny instance*. The first was the attempt by Mr. Kirknatrick to- reduce tlic Jrxnchii-e to £10 and the term of office to she yearc There wait little interest taken In the country in the matter. There had been a few questions naked at tho elections in re* foreuci- to Uic proiwul. In 1896 there was little intercut taken by the country in tbe Government jtroooiMl to reduce the fran raiibo. Thn Treasurer bad pointed out tbat llir Bill wa* carried last year by 34 to 17, 'an overwhelming majority, which clearly indicalod the will of tlie House,' and be had C-me on to argue, by comparison with the dccitioiiN of the House of Lords, that when ttare wait an increasing majority in favour of a measure it wan tho place of the other House to pivc nay. Ho had read cvtractd from a RpeHi by Lord Derby and from Tod «n Parliamentary government that it had novrr lii-cn the practice oi tbe JTouse of Lords to re*;fl a continued exprefwion of pulil'ir will, 'llic only exprramon of opinion tlioy hiii! had was in connection with the rc fcitr«lniii. and, considering that tho people wen- ankcd to vote for something they had not had before he was Burpriml the majo rity wag not larger, but in tlic new Home tlic majority had decreased. If, as the Trrnsnrpr h;ul iminiMl nm.. it «u thi- nlarn -f the Legihlativc Council to give way when lliei c wa* i»n increasing majority, the logical sv-ii'cn-f of tluit wan that wltcu there wan i dcrreofJiiK majority Ums Council shonld not sriyc xrny, and an there wan a decreasms majority in this instance the Council should not jtive n-iiv. TIip Treasurer had poinUsd out that in So. 1 duttrict there wnn a mHJo rily of HMKI0 in favour of the proposal, in N'o. 2 i- uiajority of 2,000, and in No. 4 a, Diajority of 4.000.. .treeing llwt clovcnfif Lve-ilk« of thotf votes were cast ki the dty r.nd miliiirlw there was a mnall numlier in Mie coinitrj' who vnted for household suf fraj?«. .Sering that lj» city had uiwul oue *liir-] of the iwipulution of Uie colony, and olcvcn-iiftejiiihs were given in favour of it, there was n Inrgt iirepouderancv! of city vote*-. In No. 2 ?liM.rict Hwt Torrens voted 4.531 for and 3,2^7 opiinut, or a majority nf 1,201 nut of a total majority of 2,000 for Uic whole division. That left only alwut 70(1 viu* outside the city in that district, nnd tli.it c honed 'clearly that it was enrriw by the town vote*. In No. 2 dint rirt all thn con*lttiici-(:ici- were overweighted by East Toi-rctm, und if they hnd household mffrage tliat ] ortion would rule still more, even although the interests were diamctri cally oppnyttl. At Uie last election in hia owu district it was well known that house hold suffrage wascomingpromiuentlybeforo the couulry- His colleague at tbe last gene* ? ral election went further than the Govern* uu-nt pro|K-sal, and favoured adult suffrage. Ho (the i-peukcr) was on tbe opposite side, and yet tne |icohlc were satisfieu to return them iHith, without troubling very mtich about wliii-h way they went. In 1S06 Mr. At-li-and hiinwlf were ojiposed to the £15 francliiov. Two candidates opposed thorn who (avnunnl the same,' and who repre sented' the platform of the Labour Party and the polk-y of the Government to a grant extent, and these two gentlemen were rejected by hundreds of votes. That prov ed that tlie Albert district was not in favour of any reduction of the franchise for the Lcgtxlntive Council, though it had voted in favour of household suffrage. He did not take that voting,- however, *s being a fair index of the feeling of his constitu ent*. bvtrtH^e only half the electors voted on Iho referendum. As evidencing that onlv the township** had voted, and that the farmer* and producers resident at some distance from the ? polling-places had not troubled to exercise the franchise, he niighb mention that iu one instance where tlio farmer* did vole only one vole hud been cut in favour of tbe Government proposal. To a great extent this Bill if carried would mean the initiation of the single tax, be cause if the labour Party had the power. a-- they would under this Bill, they would put all the taxation on the land. It was only after the application of tbe Pastoral Oouiini0»iun, on whjch' labour members were well represented, thai tbe laUer came to see they had been barking up the wrong tree, ami agreed to fall in with the views of the other Hoose. (Mr. Batchelor— '?nownricht check.') Downright truth. After Iwtcning to Uie long nehato thai had taken place on this subject be did not think the present was the time for interfering with our Constitution. oecu*K that federation was close at hand, and that many alterations in the Constitution would be required, it would be much better for the matter to be deferred until federation was accomplifbed. In these circumstauccu he uiiwt vote against the Bill. * Mr. HAGUE said they, all admitted that to-day tlicyrwere called upon to decide for evU or for good. If members decided .tn. favour of thc-Ufll be feared they would decide for evil instead of for, good... The discussion had taken a very wide range, but tbe centre of the controversy appeared to hiui to be .tain— Population only, or population controlled to some extent by the private producer*; which of these two u to bo. supreme? In fact, it was a question, of town versus country. It might be un fortunate that it was so, but they had to deal with facts, and not fancies. Tbe Treasurer when be spoke the other day tacitly admitted this. Mr. Holder gave certain figure* which wore intended to prove tiiat Uie'bcnotB would be ratbw to Che country than to the city if Uic Bill were paMcd. The Treasurer said be had given idle «ome figures a* tSawlcr. Wiat gentleman foul put bw lisinvs vury ifowr Iv, but he (tiw «ucul(i:r) was iix-linol to think Uiat they did iw* pn-ve wii.it their author intruded. In fact, \v!un mcuibern uent beliiud ihetn Uxrv f»*ui-l th.il tin* TretuftinTs prcniirics were wmng to bc^in u-illi -on/l if Um- liUfdrf uf l.-IS .iTCUintlltS i'.»i wr«:i«! UlCll «H' ilUV'''.'!!!^ l4n IIIM.aIV«S «ere wortlrlew. In Uk: lVu-iBtsi diMrittt in IS91 thi' («i:-u« wtiirew piw a ccnaiii nuw Urr ot lioiij--«, and tlic Trcasura- w.-mnvil Lhal Ihe house* in Kmx-»v kul incrvdxud 1(. per u*i»t. 'IIkiq Mr. lloVJt-r ?/??k the dwtrict^ of Noruli AiKtkiiU1, Suirt, aeml tlwt T-«rivni--, jui'I inatlo just tin- shir- as. sumption — an 0.4*41 ni|»tkxi which f.idd HaJy c .?ntn»\\\m*l. 'Hjcv had ndt any i-rn« ku^ of tV Jif-Uf«*, l-nt 4:hcy knev.* the nuin bcr of th^ i-v)»litivft (Vnrh-iI doctors, and miphl ;k-H\i;ii-' tlmt tftc tiumhor of male votesi t'«-r -K- I'ppw llnurn lo a pnnt ax toii lvpnc^ntod liic inuut-or of housubol ik-r«. Tu- IVoMurer mnod up 1601 wtih IMiS, mh\ the women waah ti-o men. Ia 1SD1, iK- wever, the women had not tmy vr-u», wiulc in 1808 they had. Ji* *)k-j- uero to get to know the iocream they mu$t t.iVc tivo number of male elcoUnw in ISO! aivl ?.!? niaie electors ki 1898. W'itAl w.w u,. (v. bull? In Bamasftia 1891 the male ckviur* for tbe Legislative Council were 1^92, b j 1S98 » was 1,2*, or 50 taw. Where, then, was the 10 per cent incroace of booies? In i North Adelaide in 1898 toe Legislatm Council male efcems «u 2,07L_ whdab in ; 1S91 tbe number was 1,5BS, w 473 more— ft - 30 per cent, increase. In East Torrent in i 1808 tbe number was 4417, as against 3JVI9 i k 1801, an inercnae of 1,333, or 44 per coot ? In Start in 1808 the number of mote eleo- ( tors waa ifiSO, as a^aaut 2^56 in 189L an ? iocreate of 8M, or ncorlx 31 per cent Take , the House of Aamnbty, and in Banxaa from 1891 to 18U8 tie increase of voters was ? 202; in North Adcfadde 1,360, or 46 per cent.; in East Tarraw 2,610, or 51 per cent.; aod in Start 1,881, or 46 per cent. When «pcakinz oa the second readme of tbe Bill be referred to the fact that the -whole of the majority of -yeses', came fiom the metrorxtiboi area ami from some few manufacturing town*, mining tarn*, or places where railway men predominated, 'lite Commissioner of Puttie Works bad tried to ehow -that he referred to the towns as supporting the BH1. What *© bad w- ierred to were the townships. He left out the large towns, and mid that one town, strips in the centred of agriculture and hor ticulture were in harmony with tbe people who surrounded them as a role. Of courxe there were exceptions, and when they fonnd them they generally found that an agitator had been there. He most likely would be one of those rolling Fbracs who proved a disturbing element, and who added neither to the wealth nor the happines of tbe community. In the interests of good government, be was tarry that Mr. Shannon had not carried his amendment to Htrike out the words 'or part of a house.' That portion of the dans? was dangerous. Tbe evil of it had been manifest in connection with municipal affair*— the right of occupancy. . The other day he came across a case where one parent owned a home, the other occupied it, & daoghtcr engaged in tbe city paid Is. a week and rented a room, one son had a carpenter's shop in the yard, and another used tbe stable, and every one claimed thi right to vote, because the occupancy an-1 the claims were allowed. The Bill would exclude the carpenter's shop and the stable, but he hud found that there was an im jrense number of bouses around Adelaide that were divided amongst various occu pants. Rooms were let, and the people were not lodgers, and the HOI would tend to increase that practice. No such rule would be or could be followed in tbe country. (Mr. Mulcr-'Wby not?') The houses were too small, and the people were not op to such tricks. Tbe position of some members in the House wad very peculiar in regard to tbe measure They told tbe House that they were opposed to it, and yet they voted for the second reading. Some of them did so in order that they jright get the £15 franchise inserted. If they were not successful, they said they wculd vote against the third reading. He snecrdy hoped they would be true to thas. i .Mr. Roberts— 'Names.**) There were Mr. McLachhn, Mr. Shannon, and Mr. Blacker. Those members were perfectly justified in the position they took. Others told them tfcat they did not believe in tbe Bill, and tbey did not know what they were going ro no. They had been striving to get toe legislative Councillors to agree that the Kill should be altered there. That was not straightforward. If they did not believe m the principle* «£ tu« Bill, they should h?vc the manliness to vote ajnunst it, in stead of shifting the responsibility on to the shoulders of members of Another place, and thus increase the dissatisfaction against those members among a dasB of tbe people. It would have been wiser n tbey had left tbe alteration of tbe Constitu tion until the time in the near future arrived when they would have to consider it in ail its bearings. Mr. McKfvNZIE would not have spoken apain but for a remark in 'The RegJ^crt ' which he must contradict. That newspaper said wnic corrcspou dent* aMCrtcd that he had coa vcyed the impression at several polling places that he was not si favour of house hold suffracc. He emphatically denied that There mfcht have been letters, but be had not seen them. At every place he spoke on the question he wa,« thoroughly in earnest Tipon it. lie *u«l then that he bclievcdin botr*choM suffrage, ami he referred The B*gii»tT*' to it« own reporter, a centleman who reported hi.* speech thoroughly at the nr.ly town at which he was reported, and the* report stated that he was iu favour of howchold suffrage for the Legislative Coun ? il. Af there was a likelihood of their going before their constituents in a short time he contradicted the statement, as it would d.imagc him. He appealed to his colleague, who could say that at every meeting which they addressed together be went for house hold mffrncc. He had been ill all the pre vious week, hut intended to come that day to rote if they had to bring him in a blan ket. It erve him extreme pleasure to be there, and he would remain until daylight if ncccoRtrr in onler to gire his vote in fa vour of tlic Bill. Not one of the arguments .-nlvnnced by the Opposition had convince* him that he wan doing wrong. He believed in trusting thr people, and the more they trusted them the more did they rise to the cccc;»inn, ami they would prove themselves w-nrt-nr of vIh» trust. No one supporting l-oii^iohl suffrage would regret the vote they inve. Mr. WOOD would not have troubled the TfoiiKc apain hut for mawepreaentotiona re tarding Jim attituile towards the Bill by Minu» members °f the House. He wished to pive thwe members an opportunity of refut ing what he might say or of withdrawing some ot their han-h, uncallrd-for, and un gcntlcmanly remark*. He had been called ?..aiucw because he bud the moral courage to «ay that one clause in the Bill would pre vent it coming into operation earlier than would be the caw without it. He had been *oM that he wa* trying to wreck the Bill. Mr. Robcrte-'Oh.-') He knew of nobody brttcrat misrepresentation th&uMr.; Roberts, flic speech made by the Hon. T. Playford was, m Us opinion — the first part, at any rate— the best and iuo?t illustrative of the true potation they 'had bud before that House. He agreed with all that member slid retarding clause 0— that the wording now 'waa absurd and useles*.' There wa« nothing in the Bill of ISM that wurnuiUhl a dual referendum. The Government hail tnid that tfiey would Imve housthold sutl rajrc, but when would they get it? (.Mr. Archibald— 'When they can ^ct it:') That was right. Some member* hv had heard had been instructed by the Government that they did not mean to shoot— that there would be no dissolution at all. That had come from a member of the Labour Tarty. (Mr. Roberti#-'Name» ') What «lkl Mr. Ilobrnson aiv at Koeewater?— 'it waa the intention of Hie Government to Hisnolve bodi Houses of Parliament.' (Mr. Hutdrison— **No; he did not.*') It waa lirinlcd. The Tnswnrcr himself had abso lutcly given the position away in his reply to t&elloii.; T. Ptiyford. When the l^rea wirer was replying to Mr. I'bytord Mr. Holder made Ui«c of the words— -He ac cepted the full rcspon*ibiKty that attached to ?his umbs the word weapon. The Go vernment believed tint tlie Council was a reasonable brancii. and they did not think tfiat the BUI would be rejected.' Did the Treasurer Ixlicve that? (The Treasurer— 'I did not licar it.') He woul«l repeat it. Did the Treasurer will believe that? IThe Trcanirer— *? I believe that tli^y arc tvason abic men.'*) That was not an aiwwer. Did tlic TrBanirer bclicra that— (The Ttvasurer —I believe that they are reasonable men— I hope that they are reason able.') The Treasurer sanl 'he did not think tbe Bill woulti be rejected.' and he wanted to know if Mr. Holder d*d believe that. The Treasurer was nlent! It \ra» not very often that they could prt the Treasurer into a corner. If the Trra.surcr did bcKcve it uo (fhould have Ukcn clause 9 out of the Hill Thn f!nr«rnnM-nk worn mJi- ?!..:»_ ?!.:. so Uiat tbey could u.-^ it for a hiUle-cxy at tlic ckctioM. liicy were bluiluig tlic people, and after the elections they would smile at the way tbey hail UaScd them. (Mr. Hutchison— '1X- you bcHcve the Coun cil would oppose it with clause 0 outT) He believed the Council was more likely to pus it with the clause out than with it in. If the Trcanirer believed hb utterance, thru he wau guilty of trying to hoodwink members by saying that they woukl absolutely wreck the measure by throwini; out clause j 0\. Like himself, Mr. Grainger bad come in for a fair «harc of adverse criticism, be cause he had pointed out the absurdity of the clause. It seemed to him that the true position was that the Labour Party did not want a dissolution. He wonkt ask the question of the leader of that party. (Mr. Batchclor— -*Giyc notice.') Under the present franchise the Labour Party would }n«v in the Council. In the interests of the Labour Party he was quite right in trying to iitrikc out claiwc !?. What had they caincd from uiiult suffrage in the AKcmbly? (Mr. Itoherts— *'I am here as a result of it.') Mores the pity. From the way tbe htm. member could mis represent, be would have managed to get men in any case. Mr. Roberts wan clever, or he could not have misrepresented him (Mr. Wood) in the way he had. If the members of the party had been told that the Government did not intend to shoot, bat tbot they were only going co hold the pistol at the head of the Lesisla tire CouncQkns, they cooM very well be bold on the subject. (Mr. Batcaelor— 'Who told your) The hon. member bad refused to divulge a secret a, short time back, and he might say that he was not-m a position to rr»e the information asked for. He said that tbe people were being deluded and mocked by that clause. (Mr. Griffith*— 'You are going to vote for the tfecd readies.') Hfi had said, he Jfts. ia kvour of household suffrage, and he had , told the people that he would do all he »uM to force the hands of the Govern ment to get it. He was doing that by itriking out; clause 9. If the Council were lissolved it would come back stronger than ?rer against the Bill, and what would the ?esult then be? Suppose the Council passed he measure, they had to wait four years, md then take another referendum; and if ihere was a reverse vote they would never :ct it. It waj amusing to hear th» Labour Party talk of how they bad sup iMrted him at the last election', le would tell them what the Labour Party said. In the 'Advertiser' of Au [ust an, 1803, the following paragraph ap eared:— 'With reference to the position of ut. Wood, we have been officially inform* 4 that the Labour Party will not support dm at the next general .elections, even rough the local committee might be fa poorabie to him.' (Mr. Botctodor— 'When rere the elections held? Twelve months *f terwards?') Did Mr. Batchelor regret it? iecauw, if so, he (Mr. Wood) had received no intimation of it. (Mr. Boichelor— 'You mow perfectly well what happened, and rou know that it is contemptible on your tart. ) He knew that attempts were made n North Adelaide to form a committee, bat Jie meeting was all on his own side. Tbe SPEAKER— Whether tbe hon. menv xr was supported by the Labour Party or tot has notfiingto do with the BUL Mr. WOOD-^Tbis has been referred to by nembers in their speeches, and I ask you, Sir, to allow me to make reference to it. The SPEAKER— The hon. member has uready replied, and I ask him not to dis suss the question. Mr. WOOD said that Mr. Batchelor had remarked that there was a much greater likelihood of the Council passing the Bill irith clause 9 in it than without it. That tad never been shown by any member of lis House. If as an Engliolunan some one challenged him, he would feel more inclined to fight than if he received no challenge, aid so would the Legislative Council. (Mr. loberte— ''Clause 9 ia not it challenge. It takes advantage of a proper constitutional procedure.'*) It was a ussiess clause,' and never ought to have been in the Bill. Mr. btchdor also said that he (Mr. Wood) tad b»cn working with the supporters of be B'll up to a certain time and that at lie general elections he had fought on the tide of the people. He had always fought »n tbe side of the people, and because be Bad endeavoured to make the Bill come into jperation three years earlier than it could in its present form, he bad been classed a* toadying to the Opposition. Mr. Price bad nid that he saw Messrs. Darting and Solo mon whipping him up. That was absolutely nttrne. Those two members knew him quite is well an the Labour Party did, and they knew that no amount of whipping would n*t his vote unless bis coavience led him ia that direction. No member of the Op position ever approached him on the sub ect. He knew the motives some members nul in view. He knew the meaa tactic* that had been adopted both inside and out side die House to injure himself, but they bad net come off. On Thursday be w«s idkcd by a member of the Press if be were ?oing to support the tnird reading, and he answered, '} «; decidedly.' He was in fa rour of the BUI. but not the miserable dacse in it, and if tbe measure were recom mitted, he would again try to cut out the useless portion of it. He . bad lone bis best and his 'duty, ad was answerable to bis constitu ents and not to the Labour Party. That ?arty had always been the stalking-horse for the Government, aod be 6aid it with all sincerity. (Mr. Conicybeer— 'Then it u not troe that we ran the Government.'') No: the Government ran the Labour Party, and dominated them. Mr. Roberts had said that he (Mr. Wood) ought to vote on bi« side because ho (Mr. Robcrte) bad givra lim h» vote at tie ejections. (Mr. Ro bert*— 'I did not «y tfiat.'*) For eon samnutc nonsense tm»y could not beat that He believed Mr. SoIoiuoq, the Leader of tbe Opposition, also voted for him. (Mr. tobert*— ''Ai»k him now.' Mr. Solomon - 'I did not vote at oil, because I was 3,000 miles away.') Well, too would take the will for the deed. He knew that Opposi tion members of tbe House bad voted for lim. Of vourte if any member of the La tour Party knew that a member of the Na ional Association was going to vote for htm he would write \n 4Jhai gentleman aod say tint he conJd keep his vote. If people thought tint he fawly represented the dis trict, and if they bettered in labour repre sentation, the more vote* he secured the better he liked it. They knew he waa out on die independent la bour ticket, but not the Labour Party ticket. He had a good strong plat form of Inn own, and others bad as much right to claim his vote as Mr. Roberts had. Would Mr. RoberU like him to be a mere dekgatc, to be dilated to by erecy penou who votod for him? (Mr. Robert*-'4 Won't you accept my disclaimer? 1 voted for you— I am sorry now— but I deny your statement. You grossly misrepresent me.') Mr. RoberU bad «aid iUu other day that he (Mr. Wood) ought -to vote witfi those who voted for him. He waa as much inte rested in tire welfare of labour aa the mem bers' of the Labour Party, and they did him a grot» injustice wocn they said that he had attempted to wreck the BQl by en (favouring eo strike oat the clause which woukl prevent it front comins into opera tion for four years. He had consaentioosh tried to get household suffrage, while those who were banging it up for four yearn knew what changes would take place in that time, in consequence of which 4be BQl would not come into operation. Mr. PRICE Mid it was delightful to have heard the leaden of the Opposition speak as they had that afternoon. Mr. Rounac vdl, in a carefully prepared speeds, had laid lumaHt out to try and impress upon the Houxe -that the trend i»f legislation in recent yean had been socialistic and com monistic, and* that -th« Labour Party had been pvpontible for ohat tendency, that tbey were tlic outcome of continental socialiKin, mid that the measure before them was the project of the iwrty. That member said that the Ministry were bring ing the measure forward becnufe it was advocated by the Labour Party, that tliey were compelled to bring it in. that there was no xiiuvrity in the Ministry, and that they mvught it in to pay back a debt to the Labour Party for keeping them in power. As far as he was concerned, he owned that they had asked the Govern ment to do a* much ns they possibly could, and as a party they had tried to get as much as they could, but it had been per fectly legitimate and there had hecu no logrolling but what they had obtained hac come through persistent argument and through continual knocking at the door, and they were pleased that the Ministry times without uuuib.Tr hud feen it was for the benefit of the whole country to accept the doctrines the Labour Party brought forward. Xnt only were the Ministry doiu that, but Mr. Caldwel! had said he never opporcd the State Bank: only advocated caution. Not only the Ministry, but the Oppoation al«- were endorsing the po licy of the Labour Party. There waa the establishment ot* the Depot, which none of tho Conservative Party would dare to vote to abuli-'h. The pressure of the Labour Party had been educational. In reference to the Htatcracnt of Mr. Wood that the Labour Party were controlled by the Ministry, that statement w.is contra dicted by Mr. Kouorevcil, who was a man of icood average abilitv, and who could make comparisons, lie bad not been in m!e the movement of labour, but some whe had liccn inside the movement had made use of it, then turned traitor to the move ment and reviled it. When they heard statements made like Mr. Wood, who had left them, made, it was not worth taking notici*. He stood charged with having tc cet un anil make a defrne* nf wha-. tin km aid iKtore. -Mr. Wood had not told them that he was going to vote with Mr. Grain ier to alter the title of the BilL (Mr. iVood-'-Who said he wasf) Mr. Wood lid not explain that position away. He mew member after member who had gone to Mr. Wood and begged that he would not rote with Mr. Grainger, and he wid he would. IMr. Wood— 'I know that is wrong.') He could bring member after member to prove the statement that Mr. Wood was going to vote with him, and only that day — it showed what a beauty be was —he went to Mr. Roberts and asked him if be would give a prepared *pecch so as to knock the Opixwitton out. Tbe hon. mem ber, who diily-dnliied and turned ? Mr. WOOD-On a point of order, I deny that statement. The SPEAKER— That is not a point of order. Mr. PRICE, continuing, said Mr. Wood could deny what he liked. He was always denying, but he could not deny the truth. When he tried to knock clause 9 out he knew that the Bill had to go to the other House in the same form as previously or tbey wouW not hare their constitutional power. He did not deny that be was trying to force the other place. Did they ever get anything from the other place— did they ever get anything from a privileged class— without fighting for it and standing up for a principle? And as one of tbe have-nots, as he had been termed many lames, he stood up for the have-noU against those who bad. and demanVled for them their right*? He bad already pointed out that so far a* intelligence was concerned they were the equals at those who had the vote. The people of South Australia were thrifty, and, to far as sobriety and honesty were concerned, they were as honest, thrifty, and as upright an those who had the vote, and the only tiling in difference between, them was that one nad a little more wealth than the other; and because be was poor they said to hint he should not have a vote. As far at intelligence was concerned, waa it not true that mass o£ the echool nasters who were meeting in Conference . 1 lad not a vote? Those who handled the j i rouths of the colony, and brought them - ip to make good citizens, bad no vote be- ' ' »use they had no property, and, while ' :here were homes in Adelaide in which, if \ Lhe veil were lifted, they would see cor- 1 ?uption beyond the imagination of tbe most : ; maginative mind— drunkenness and infamy ' ? iccompanied by wealth— those people had j i vote, but the poor boncst man bad no rote. The men he knew, who brought ; their children ujp in a good healthy, buly I ( ight, men who night after night caDcd | leir children round them, and with the: ktok in band taught them the only way to live a good life and become righteous peo pie, because tbey lived in a 9s. per week touse tbey were told that they were nob fit for a vote. He appealed to the whole of South Australia, and he waa certain they would rise to the occasion, and de mand it (Mr. Wood— 'Have they not demanded it?') Mr. Wood could go where he went last Sunday, and be told what he was. He was told last Sunday at the Botanic Park what he was . (Mr. Wood— 'Only three out) of a thousand.') He was toftl time after time what he was. Mr. Wood knew perfectly well' by his action be was destroying the Bill. That member knew he was destroying the opportunity they had of driving the bargain home in another place. He was not afraid to go to hu constituents. He challenged the Go vernment, like Mr. Darting had challenged them, to go to tbe country on the Bill alone, and he knew the House would come back stronger than it was before. It would come back with less cabs than it took to ilrag the people up to vote, for which there had been no money put down in the re turns. The enthusiasm and desire to get what was right would make every man md woman vote, and there would not need to be seventy or eighty cabs in one dis trict, for which there had been no return. It had been said there was no enthusiasm, hut there was a strong growing feeling in favour of it. It was true when they started the people did not grasp it, but that was true of federation. It was more true of federation, because it came from the top, and it did not rise from the people, and it was only when they trusted the people and asked them to come in that they took part in tbe matter. The Bill was better understood now, and the demand was more imperative for it. There was no force un der the sun which could stop what had been asked for. If tbe double dissolution took place, and the same people were re turned to the other place, he welcomed that position, because every time they be came more obstructive the people would be more imperative in their demand. As far as he was personally concerned he desired to let it go forth to i*e workl through tiie medium of '?Hansard' thai he considered one House was quite sufficient for a population like ours. If a reduction of one-third or one-half of tsbc members of the present Legislature took place flat waa a very grealt danger cmrfrontmg the country. It would be Ear bettor to have one House, and Chat House strong, than to have two feeble Houses upon wfcica tricks and kbbvism could pkty right and left. When pastoral iegjsUttion was going through the House he bud seen Che lobby filled with men. Indeed, he tad been aft the telephone-loom door and could not get in because they were asking far instructions from wther places— (Mr. Solomon— 'How do you know what -tney were asking forrr) He knew. (Mr. Soferaon— 'Your vivid im agination again.') It was no vivid imagi nation at alL He told ton. members it was better to have one strong House than te- have two feeble Houses. There would then be less possibility of corruption, cti nuism, or logrolling. Thank God, since the Labour Party had come into tbe House logrolling had been kQled to a. certain ex tent. (Mr. Sok-mott--'Rot.') Of course, the hon. member understood the question right enough. (Mr. Sokwaon— 'I do when 1 bear it from you. You either talk rot or slander.') He would rather have one House. If tbe other House rejected the Bill -he would be pleased, because it would be playing exactly in tie direction bo wan ted it to. Thai wa* im individual feeling, speaking not as a party man. (Mr. Hut chiton—'! am with you in it') And Mr. Playford, he believed, wad another. He hoped to see the day wfrai tiie referen dum would be applied to all important mea sures. The Bill had been poxtuced as the result of »n initiative vote. It was not to be adopted until anocber referendum had been feucen oa it. Could anything be morn reasonable or just? He was «urprised at Mr. Solomon voting against the Bill seeing that hu coastiUHQts had declared in la your of i:. (Mr. Batcbet-r— 'And having ia mind his uberal teudcncie*.') Yes, and h* would ask cue Leader of tiue Opposition U- reconsider his decuoon. fllie Treasurer — 'And his promise last year.' Air. Solo-, mon— 'There was no promise last year. ihiU is not -true.') 'lbs SPKlKtR— I would ask the bon. member to wiudraw that statemeut. Mr. SOLOJiOA— I «iy that '-'le Treasu rer's statement is contrary to fact. The shka k Kir— i ask the iion. mrmbet to withdraw absolutely. Mr. SOLOMON— 1 withdraw, and say thai the Tratsurvr'ft ?statement » abaohmeiy imd entirely contrary to tact. Mr. 1'KICE .iconunuing) sod Mr. Solo mon made the statement that if his coffeti tuento favoured Che Bid he woukl support it. (Mr. Soioiuan— **1 never said any auch thing. 1 said if the Bill wens wiUblrawa and submitted tto the ptopic first 1 would Caen agree wsth it.') A great deal imu been said in regard to the Bill enfranchis lug peo-rio who paid no taxes. In other wonl3, at was urged £hat the Bill ooniemd ike vote oa people wno iiad not the a spoaifibuity of carrying out the go vernment. He wanted to show what the masses did pay. From Appendix 31 he found that they paid oa beer aJoae £1U^U7, wnxtst oil wine, which was drunk by the onaooaucy, uniy £2,742, or 1 id. per head of the popula uiou, was paid. On sugar and nuhauwes sonic £4tf,?25 was collected, and this amount waa chiefly panl by me masses. Oa tea £37,7U- was paid, ktfosine realized £17,610, and. cigars and twoacuo £Uo,&i0.; A gieat ]-omt made during toe debate was thai the Labour Party desired no sluit taxation l:vui the workers on to the land. Siwc the Labour Party had been in the House the land taxation had not gone up. He was uever ia luvour of it, because the fairest duties were those which a man's pro jicrty paid wheu'the owner died and it was divided. The working people had the maxi mum of taxation and the minimum of re jncbtnutiou in the Council, and unless they got an 'alteration of the Constitution it wuulu continue. They were face to face with a deadlock. Would Mr. Solomon oiler iLein a way out, and propose such a scheme as they had iu the Federal Constitu tion T (Mr. Solomon— 'That is not propos ed, but there is a good deal in favour of it.') Mr. Lyne got the Labour Party in ^ew South Wales, and he asked Mr. Solo uiou to consider his oiier. (Mr. Solomon — 'i am very much in favour of it, but 1 am uot going to pledge myself at this mo ment.') That was like the hon. member^ they did not know where to tind him. On Stptember 27, UOS, Mr. Solomon spoke on the second reading of the HouschuiJ Sulfrage Bill. Mr. O Malley interjected:— 'Would you be willing to leave the quca tiou to a referendum?' HU answer was:— 'Ceruiiuy; it was the proper course to adopt, instead of springing it on the people just before ton. election. The Premier wan ted some clap-trap cry, so. that he could spread his cnest, and give intense gratifi cation to those on the back seats, who usually cbeertd him to tbe echo. (Mr. Solomon— \kow tasc it dock to Aoncrts, and see if he can find something else.' Mr. Roberts— 'That proves that you have goce buck on your word.') They, were not tbe people who did not pay tbe taxes. (Mr. .Darling— 'You get lree education ia ex change.*') And the result of that education was an clightened public opinion, asking for a vote for the Legislative Council. The beet money spent was on education, not only so far as die safety of the public wk» concerned, but also so that they might boh their own in the commercial world, if the Bill were not passed in another place, he would bail with delight the opportunity to go to tbe electors of Start, so that they night return him to vote again for the measure. The third reading was declared camet Mr. SOLOMON called for a division, which rtsuKed ai follows:— Avos (2?).— Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor, Brooker, Butler, Carpenter, Catt, Oooey beer, Cummins, Dumas, Foster, Grainger, Hooper, Houngan, Hutofaiaon, Jenkins, Kingston. MacUflhvray, Mdvemne, Miller, Morris, O'Loughlin, Peake, Poynton, Price, Roberto, Scherk, Wood, and Holder (id ler). Sots (19).— Messrs. Backer, Caldwell, Cactine, Copley, Darling, Duncan, Gilbert, Glyun, Hague, Handyside, Homburg. Mc Donald, MeLochlan, Paech, Playford, Rounscvell, Shannon, von. Douao, and Solo mon (teller). Majority of 9 for the Ayes. Paws.— Ayes— Messrs. Rurgoync an- Livingston. Noes— Messrs. Giles and Griffiths. On the motion— 'That the Bill do now fftst,' Mr. COPLEY said he bad reserved Us few remarks until the present occasion. When Mr. HarhlytfMe was speaking the Pre mier appeared to be cross about something he said concerning the position he took up in regard to individual* when they some times eroded his path. Ho thoroughly ucrri-ed with all Mr. Handyside hi.i said K. cau-e he was quite satUiiod that in the poKcy the Premier had teea fit to adopt in tesmi 4o household *a&ugg; too*, ixtaoki ad largely actuated his proceedings. One j iras personal »pite against some members -f anoCbur nhce; the other, personal am -ition. He did not thick the Premier could allow anything to stand in his way. , ic believed he was sincere for that reason. ! leicrenci- had been utade u- tbe probable . ction of the Government if the Bill was re- ! ecccd in the Legislative L'-ouucil, but he had si authority which indicaU.il what tbe Go- j rcrnmcDt intended. Oa last year's Esti-i nates £5.870 wiut vo:ed in view of the ps- j leral election*. They sj-ont £7,152. and evi- J ienily in view of another general election ? bey nut down on this year's Estimates £5,576. (The Attorney-General— 'There is in election for the Legislative Council.') tie knew that. Personally he was quite »relea? whether there was a dissolution or not, but he was not careless about the tur moil and strife that would be created throughout the country, and tbe large ex penditure of public money which it would involve. The Treasurer had made some re marks at Gawler regarding the relative effect of household suffrage upon city and »untry constituencies, and the same argu ment was used by the Premier at Balaklava mi Monday night, when tbe Premier tried to represent mat the proposal would not injuriously affect the interests of country districts. In contradiction to that he nrould tell them that at the last census there were 63^887 houses, divided as fol lows:— Corporate towns, 25,373; other townships, 15,268; country districts, 23^46. Ihose figures showed that if the proposal were adopted corporate towns and towu ihips containing 40,611 houses would have over 80,000 votes to the country districts' 23^46 bouses with about 48,000 votes, thus giving the towns and townships absolute, lower to ekct whom they pleased to the Council. Those hon. members who reprc lented the producing interests, by the vote bey had given, were proving. traitors to ?ha districts they represented. (Mr. Coney beer— 'They represent their districts. ) l'hey misrepresented them. (Mr. Foster— 'There wan never a bigger political traitor than you.' The Attorney-General— 'Hear, bear.') It was evident that he was speak ing the truth when the Labour Party and others were interjecting so freely. (Mr. Coneybeer— 'We don't represent the coun try districts.') lhank God that they did not. They represented only those portions of the community who lived ou the pro sperity of the people. The population had increased about 12$ per cent, since those figures given were compiled, and house bold accommodation had correspondingly advanced, but the bulk of that advance bad been in the city and suburban districts. It was gratifjfing in one sense to see the advance, but it was a matter for regret to see such activity in building operations in be city and suburbs, for they knew that the same thing had not been going on in the country districts. Tlic Bill would be disastrous to the best interests of this colony, and more especially after federa tion, when we would lose source* of reve nue {hat now touched the population under direct taxation and when the majority of the people would not contribute. It was clear that the taxing power would be in the hands of the people who did not con tribute, and we should see a rapid approach when they got the power to that condition of things pointed out by Mr. Rounscvell when he referred to the trend towards so cialism. (Commissioner of Public Works— 'What about phosphates and State dairies?') The CommiaMoner ought to be ashamed to make such an interjection. (Attorney-General— 'You were in a^Minis try once yourself, weren't you?') Yes; but not one that knuckled to the behest and resolutions of the Trades Hall; it was a Ministry that had some independent policy for the good of the country. They knew perfectly well the trend that had been ;oing on for a long time, and no one knew t better than the Commissioner of Public Works, who was at the head of the public works of the colony, and knew the condi tion of things that obtained in the railways. Ihe Commissioner knew that the conditions inserted in public contracts carried risks so as to make it almost impossible to accept them, and unless a very large amount was iddea for contingencies no sane man would tender to carry out large contracts now. They would know more about that matter when the information was given in reply to Sir John Downer's questions. Ihe position in which they had now got on this constitutional question showed that it was to satisfy the Premier's political ambition, regardless of what might be the result for the future of the colony, for the sake of popularity, that he thought might be neces sary to put him into the Federal Parlia ment. (Attorney-General— 'Nonsense.' Mr. Foster— 'Don't you tnink he would have got in auyhowf Attorney-General —??Of course he does.' Mr. Foster— 'You know he would: 1 have heard you say it.?) That did not affect the position a little bit. Mr. Archibald— 'Cheer up; you may be elected yourself.') He was not striving to be. (Attorney-General— 'You got badly licked when you tried, didn't you!:') He had never trimmed or sacriliced any principles he had held for the sake o) popularity, as the Premier had done and was doing— opposing a measure, and when he found it was becoming popular taking ij up. (Attorney- General — 'You are getting into' your dotage.') He was not. (Attorney-General— 'It is the only charitable view to take of your utter ances.') He was quite oblivious to tbe Premier's remarks. They bad arrived at a very serious juncture in the history of the colony. It was not a time for bandy ing frivolous jokes, but a time when every man who had a heart for the best interests of the country was bound to speak out the political belief that was in him. He had nothing to thank the Pre mier for: when it suited the Premiers purpose be was spiteful. (AttorneyGene ral— 'I think you are about the last man who ought to say that') What did the Premier mean by that? (AttorneyGene ral— 'Never mind.') The country had -een misrepresented by the Treasurer and Premier on household suffrage. In read ing recently a book in sympathy with democratic movements, the writer asked, 'Who shall pay the bills of socialism?' Tbey were now handing over the taxing power and the producing interests to another class of the population, and though they might be well- meaning— he save them credit for their good intentions— he believ ed they were mistaken in their policy, for it would be found that household suffrage would be disastrous to ihe best interests of the colony. The SPEAKER— I should like to point out that it has been stated that I did not mention the majority on tbe third reading. In connection with a Bill requiring a statu tory majority the practice is to give the numbers only, which I did. 1 gave 23 to 19. Sir JOHN DOWNER said he had lis tened to the speeches, and itt struck him that the House did not know what course tbe Government intended to tike. There was the plain course open to the Govern ment of bringing down the Bill simply oa its own merits, without saying what they meant to do, or anticipating whether it would be carried or whether it would not be earned in another place. The Bifl was, however, brought down as a threat in the first instance, and threats had been held out all through, and it was represented that it was the highest constitutional -stand the Government could take. Tbe Govern ment, having taken up such a position, ought to say what they meant There was no necessity to use the threats. The Government had a right to introduce the Bill, and members had a perfect right to vote for or against it, without being sub jected to «ny unworthy remarks. They were entitled to their own opinions, am Hiey were ouo cauueu 10 gi»e caeca to them in that branch of the Legislature which they constitutionally represented. They (the Government) had, however. Frightened some, and in addition had tried to frighten the other branch of the Legis lature. Surely they had a constitutional right to ask the Government what they meant He had heard Mr. McKenzie speak that afternoon, and that member said dis tinctly that he understood that there was going to be a dissolution of both Houses. (Mr. McKenzie-;-'! said nothing of the sort What I said was that it would affect me as much as any one in the House.') He hon. member said he expected it. (Mr. McKenzie— *'I expect it now, and I am prepared for it.') What were the Go venunen; using threats for at all? They were 'going to use every constitutional means to ensure the wilt- — ' The Trea surer— 'We have been doing that for weeks past.') He was getting at what he wanted by degrees. Well, tbe Government were doing all they could to get the will of tbe people; but what was the bitter end? He was sitting pretty much on the cross beuches, aid he beard a good deal of the ripple of outside, and it was that the Go vernment dare not take the step, because of the intimation that on such a step there would be a movement which would have the effect of placing them in a very un comfortable position. How much further had they to go to the end? (Mr. Batchelor —'You can't 50 further than the end.*') No: be did not think they could, but he would lie to know 'how much further they were going. Of course, everything was chaos and strife with the Government now, and they had not the least expectation ofgetting the Bill parsed through the Upper House. The Treasurer had been challenged that after noon on tliat point, and he did not reply. If a joint dissolution took place, who would suffer? The Aswmbly carried the BiU — the Council rejected iL Tbe obedient As sembly were sen-; to the country. Th-* pctwis punished were un dpuhtedlv i!k-m- who had not offended. If that llou*- carried tlic Bill by an abio lnte majority, aad the Legislative Council DbjVXJ&jQU;£-'4fttUIL-&]ld. 'ITtfy^Ttf T^ Jrft WM 1 dissolution— if the Governor acceded to it — they would go to the country with 10 substantial result. He had already jointed out if the threats were carried out l could only land the colony in immense expense, and public affairs would be put into a great muddle, and in the end they nroukl return perhaps just tbe same as ;hey were now, while the Legislative Coun cil might come back even stronger. The Liovcmuient were trying to use an unfair lever. The BiU had been carried by a bare majority, and it was still going up to the Council with all those threats. It was tiie very last sUge of tbe Bill ia that House, and he did not propose to discuss what he had discussed on the second reading, and what had been discussed over and over again, [t was not a question whether the people nrere to govern; it was a questioa as to me thods of government. It was not a ques tion whether they had a Constitution, but «rhat was the best Constitution, and whe ther anything had arisen to alter the Con stitution which they had lived under so well In the poet. He did not propose to go into the inconsistency of those who advocated that representation asd taxation should ac company each other, nor did be propose to dwell on those who said that they liked wmething better than household suffrage, but -as they could not obtain it they would take what they could get, but he came to those who did not take the Bill as a step ping-stone to something more, but who said that they wanted a lower franchise than tiie present one, although not as low as the Bill proposed. Those members said they would take this, which would lead to something worse, and would throw the responsibility upon another branch of the Legislature of making the amendment, which it was their uty to make, rather than to leave it to those in another place who would not make it. (Mr. Miller-'Who says so?') The bon. member was a supporter of household suffrage, so his intersection need not be noted. He was speukinc of those who fa voured a reduction of the franchise from £35 to £15, and he understood that Mr. itiller was not one of them. (Mr. Miller— '1 understand I am.') Then tbe hon. mem ber did come within that category. These members wanted a £15 franchise, and had leipcd thorn who wanted to still further lumiliatc the Constitution. They said to the other branch of the Legislature:— 'We disagree with this Bill which we have voted for, but you can propose this franchise we think should ex ist and we will support you, but we warn you that in sending you a Bill we don't agree with, if you don't propose the lower ranchise that we do agree with, we shall ihrow in our lot with the general Democratic Party, who want to destroy all representation according to taxation, and to fritter away any rights created by the possession of property/' A bare absolute n-ajority had been obtained, by tbe assut aiice of these members, who, on every ex planation they gave to their constituents, 011 every view expresed in tbe House, and on every principle of right and justice, should have voted against the third reading of the Bill. Mr. McDONALD said that the Govern ment had received twenty-eight votes, and he believed that they were entitled to thirty, two supporters being absent on account or illness. That was a minority of four votes compared with last year's numbers, and he congratulated the Opposition on their suc etss. Last year the number in favour of the Bfll was thirty-four. The Assembly had since been to the country, and had come back with four votes lost on household suffrage. Could there be anything more gratifying to the Legislative Council than to know that such was the case, proving to them that they were wise in the course they took? The obiect of rejecting the Bill last year was for the purpose of appealing to the people on it, and the result be had mentioned must, indeed, be encouraging to the Council to reject the measure again this year. (Sir John Downer— 'A diioinisbin^ public opinion and a diminishing vote.'} Yes; and they knew what the Council would do. What would the Government do? They would dissolve both Houses. Nothing was plainer than that, because the Premier, the other day, although be did not give himself away, said that he was going to appeal to the people, and that very fact was conclusive evidence that after the Council had dealt with tbe Bill tbe Houses would go to the country. He complimented the Trade* Hall Council and the Labour Party on their success. They were now able to run South Australia. They had got the Government entirely ia their bands, and he heartily congratulated them on having been able to run South Australia in tbe way they had done. They had got the Government under their control, and, with the assistance of a few more members, tbey were able to run South Australia. The result was that the whole governing of South Australia was to be done by tbe Trades and Labour Coun cil. If tbe measure passed the voting power would be taken away from tiie producers and confined to tiw city and suburbs, and the great producing industry, which was the backbone of tbe colony, would bare to pay all tiie taxes aod have no representa tion. Mr. ROBERTS regraUud tint tiie un usual course was being adopted of indulg ing in second-reading speeches on that mo toon. There was a cettem section, which usually died hard, but dus time 4hey were dying quickly. They were taking advantage —a most unusual coune— of a constitu tional method to object to tbe Government securing the passage of the Bfll. The Op position took advantage of a conRtitutwmal position to unneccstordy aod wilfully dehy the passage of the BilL Ihe onrr coune tbe Government bad was to eee that tbe Bill was a copy of t&e; one rejected by the Legislative Council laec year. That was necessary, and in taking tiiat course they were takzig a course which the Legislative Council said they should agree to. The Go vernment wore only taking advantage of a power given them by the Legislative Council and by a Council which was just as conservative as tbe present one. The Legislative Council saw the necessity of tine tcmtituttonal power, and (granted it rea riry- la fact, it emanated irom them. It waa not the work of the Assembly. They saw tie necessity for the power being givm in certain cases, when tiie Council refused justice to the people, and now, when for the firvrt time for the eighteen yean since the powei was granted, the Government were poing to take advantage of it, they were revfled by tbe Opposition. He knew tic burden of tbe lament of Sir John Downer wan 'In Heaven's name, Premier, Mraitcry, suppor ters, tell us what you are going to do.' That member bad no idea. He feared to go before his constituents. Sir John Dow ner would like at that moment thai the Government (AouW show tfieir bonds, and give some further n**!**™-* to the Lots yrtirc Council in deriding what particular action they would take in reference to the Bifl. Tbey had already taken a most un usual course of delaying the passage of an important measure— die Bill for tab repur (N« of bod— which was Abeohtte-'y neces sary in the interest* of the colony, and was being asked for without a dissentient voice by tine whole of the producen. Tbey saw t£c sons of farmers, practical men, leaving in hundreds amply because they had not that Bill, and they found -the Lepidativo Council, wiiua was supposed on all occa sions to watch (he interests of the produ cers, taking the unusual course of delaying the mcoMire, and making its rejection d* pend on the action of the Assembly with re sard to tiie BilL (Mr. von Donas*- 'What Government in the other House say about it?') He did not know. He knew the con servative majority took the unusual court* of taking tbe buskieaa out of the bands of tbe Government with that fatuousness which characterized them, and wilfully de layed tbe Land Repurchase BuL The SPEAKER— le the bon. member re ferring to tiie Land Repurchase Bill, now before the Legislative Council? If so, he is not in order. Mr. ROBERTS said unfortunately tiie Council refused to consider the Bill at pre sent. The SPEAKER— The hon. member is not in order m referring to any measure be fore the Legislative Council. Standing Order No. 135 says:— 'No member shall alrade to any debate in the other House of Parliament. Mr. ROBERTS submitted that he was not referring to a meu6ure before tbe Leg islative Council, but to the action of the Council in rejecting the consideration of a measure ? Tbe SPEAKER— The hoc member is not in order in doing so. Mr. ROBERTS— The rejection of the Bill being part of the proceedings against the present Bill ? The SPEAKER— Tbe hon. member is re ferring to tile Land Kcporvha.se Bill, which is before the otlter branch of the Legisla ture, and if not in order in doing so. Mr. ROBERTS accepted the ruling. Tbe burden of Sir John Downer's lamcot was u- ask the Government what they intended to do. It would Ik foolish to add ooc 10 what the Oppor-ition termed threat*, by exjiodog the aV.iiudv the f-Sovcwunent intended to take. The Council might reject the Bill if they thought ti*. He hoped common-sense would Mvrail— it would be new— «nd they would bow to the \riU of the people unmis takably expressed at the referendum. He wished to refer to the comical attitude of Mr. MeDcnal'-l^wbo congratulated the Op position ou farming four votes, inferring that the Ministerial support was weakening and that there was some sort of a conserva tive reaction, aud, Uien, by way of a joke, ho co*rf.'ratulaT''d what he tcrnifd the Trades aod Labour Uxnincii upon their ac ninVticn of strength whereby they ruled the fittTTTvyirnft.aaA. thn rtvieisumz, Xr... McDonald might be able to see some con sistency in those statements, but he could uot do so. Mr. McDonald also indulged in a. somewhat similar note to Mr. Ooplcy, whose one desire was to grossly misrepre sent the Labour Party to the producers. He put it to that member, who had, duriug | the last six years lx?eu tie grcatcot irieuds of the producers? Dad it been ihe Opposi tion, who now to loudly pleaded for tbe support of that class, or the Labour Party? He could go briefly through the record. The record' of the Opposition in support of the producers, so far had been a solitary motion by one of the ? cx-lcadcrs of the Opposition that certain natives of Palestine should become, naturalized sub jects of South Australia. That wsis the sum total of tlic support of the Opjwsition to the country people. He knew there was a motion by Mr. Kounsevell of a socialistic character, but unless he could prove that it was m the best inte rests of tbe producing community H would not pass the Assembly. In reply to Mr. Copley he would point to what had been done in the past by the Labour Party for the producers. He would refer to the State Back— the absolute platform of the Labour Parry. The party were the first to put it before the Parliament of South Australia &s; practical politics. (Mr. Darling— 'Cer- tainly not') He knew perfectly well, in spite of continual interjections, because the other side did not like the truth, that in 18S7 certain members of tbe Opposition, Mr. Copley included, signed as members of a Royal Commission a report that they should have 4 State Bank. That was in Mr. Copley's liberal days, before, as he himself termed it, the Opposition palled his ks, but when tiie question came before the Hoiwc m the shape of practical politics, and there was a possibility of obtaining it, they found him joining with others in denouncing it, and the ex-leader of the Opposition roaming about the country denouncing the proposal although he denounced the Go vernment for roaming about the country m rapport of household sunraee*. He could go further, and point out that on the platform of the Labour Party was the State Export Department. That party was the first to put that matter before the country in the shape of practical politics. (Hon. W. B. Rounseveu— 'Rubbish.') He knew thai bo a certain extent Sir John Downer had sought tiie establishment of a depot, but the bon. member for some rea son had confined his attention to a wine depot. Then, again, the progressive land tax was supported by the Labour Party, giving exemption to the producers. He might go still further, and refer to the pastoral industry. The liberal Pastoral Act at present on tbe Statute- book was solely due to one Labour member in tbe House. (Mr. Solomon— 'Rot.') It was the truth. (Mr. Solomon— 'We recognise his valuable services.') The Paftoral Act was solely due to the herculean efforts of Mr. Poynton on behalf of the pastoralists. When that member entered the House there were several pastoralists in the Cham ber, and these, with their legal supporters, were all at sixes and sevens on this ques tion. Mr. Poynton, however, focussed the opinions of pretending supporters of more liberal pastoral legislation, instructed mem bers unacquainted with the subject in an intelligent manner, and it was through his efforts that the passage of the Bill was se cured. The Crown Lands Amendment Act of 1S9S, which was in tbe interests of agriculturists, which reduced rents and pur chase-money and permitted lessees to sur render and obtain fresh leases under more advantageous terms, was also the result of Labour members. He could mention seve ral other items, but he put that record against the record of the Opposition, which consisted of an attempt to naturalize a few natives of Palestine. Another of Mr. Copley's statements was that the passage of this Bill would increase the Labour repre sentation. Even if it did, judging by the record of Labour members, there would be no danger to tic colony if their members were increased. But he would point out that under adult suffrage the Labour Party were only able to secure tbe return - of eleven members to the House of Assembly. How then could it be urged that under a more limited franchise they would over run the Legislative Council? Members were told that the whole of the taxing power would be in the hands of the majo rity, and that there would only be one avenue of taxation left open. Why, then, the fear as to whether Tom Jones or Bill Smith imposed that taxation? He hoped the Government would not gratify the cu riosity of the Opposition by intimating what their intentions were. Whatever the Government intended he was prepared to take the consequences of their action. H a double dissolution took place he was not afraid to face his constituents, as was every member of the Opposition save one. Mr. McDonald had contrasted the figures in favour of the Bill last year with the figures in its favour this year. How often must tbe hon. member be told that the vote taken in 189S was uot a test vote on the question, but merely a test as to whether the Bdl should be sent on to the people for their decision? Tbe result of that elec tion was that more members were return ed to the Howe wno were directly in fa vour of tiie Bui taw there were before. H the majority in favour of tbe Bfil was gradually decreasing, as the Opposition damned, then why did they not change tfieir attitude and let the measure so to the country on another referendum? If then they were undeceived Iney mifht pos sibly vote for the measure. It was possible that Mr. Solomon and Mr. Homburg, both of whom a little while ago de finitely pledged themselves to abide by the result of the referendum ? (Mr. Solomon — 'Absolutely contrary to fact, and you know it.'') It was the truth. Voting against the Bill now put those members in a position -that gentlemen ougJrt. not to occupy. On September 2, 1888, Mr. Solo mon, when speaking on the Household Suffrage Bill, was interrupted by an inter jection from Mr. O'Mallcy, who enquired, 'Would you be willing to leave the ques tion to a referendum'') The reply was 'Certainly,' and those who were in fee Chamber at tbe time would recol lect the cmphasi« with which that word was given. Mr. Solomon's reply was 'Cer- tainly; it in the proper course to adopt' (Mr. Solomon— 'Read the rest. Read the whole truth.') You are twisting the truth.'*) The hon. member made that statement. (Mr. Solo mon— 'You know you are absolutely twist in* the troth.') The SPEAKER-rOrder. I must aide tbe hon. member to wititdraw that expression. Mr. SOLOMON — I said the hon. member to twisting the truth, and 1 claim, in withdrawing that statement, to say that in quoting at he has done he has quoted one-half the troth oolv. The SPEAKER-Will the ion. member take his seat? I desire to treat aH parties in exactly the same way. The hon. mem ber is not in order in saying tfiat another hon. member was twisting the trutli, and I ask him to withdraw that expression without any explanation. Mr. SOLOMON-I withdraw tbe expres sion, and say that the hon. member is wil fully misquoting what I said as reported in 'Hansard.' Mr. ROBERTS (eontinuimr) said he bad conclusively proved that Mr. Solomon was in a position that no centleman ought to be in. (Mr. Solomon— 'You have proved what you are.') The position was tnat be had quoted ^Hansard' of last year, which conclusively proved tbt contor tions ifiduked in bv the hnn. member, whom he had hit excep tionally hard, and who did not like it. As usual, when {he hon. member was struck bard, he bit and showed his baud. lie was now' in a condition that would almost warrant Mr. Coneybeer in applying for hi* nu&rceration; in a place lower down than this House. (Mr. Solomon— 'You are be neath contempt.'^) He would read a little farther on, and if the bon. member .could get any comfort out of it he was entitled to it He knew- exactly what he was going to read and tbe condition into which the bon. member would get. The remainder would prove coocluavdv that -be was jus tified in reading it 'It was tbe proper course to adopt, instead of springing it on tbe people just before an election.' (Mr. Solomon— 'You can read it alL') The hon. member did not know what he was going to read, and it would be to that member** in terests to refrain from reading. (Mr. Solo mon— 'What I «id in answer to Mr. Poynton wa»— 'Withdraw tbe Bill, and I will go for the referendum.' **) Unfortu nately that statement did not appear in print. That was an afterthought. (Mr. Solomon— 'I will prove that it is in print.*') Hon. members kiu-w lie had given support to the mftkTirc. There was no audience throughout Australasia, if tbe nnenir-i way put lnfrically brfor» them, birt woa!- aoTco to tho necessity for an alteration of the Constitution for tlw? Lwrishitive Coun cil, and the courw before thom wap tbe carrrinjr of the alteration. The only re niarka they could obtain from the Opposi tion were that dire results wonld Mlow from the pris-sinL' of the tnw.«nre. That had been siid abont every mcnoiirc of re form, hut on no occanon had those prog nostirations been verified. Where then was tbe rtrencrtb of o-rnrinusd croaJrin^? Mem bers of the Opposition rwoznised that the wealthy had a power in South Australia, which they wed in an inimical manner to ward* the ponrrr rfawes of the community. The ttnte had arrived when, tbe alteration' *bou)d be made. Two-t*rird«i of the electors had said ». (Mr. Wood— 'Then w'iy ref.T it to them asfcin.'i The hon. member wa* ittcrjeeting in hi* cnttomarr insane man ner. Hon. members knew hi« position was almost beneath contempt. He shookl have fttwkftoiicvbesi ixscanis^one^ioaeJbial-z den be crawled into prominence, tbe duties to which he had forgotten. It was madness to suppose that the Labour -Party wou'd advocate a measure inimical to the inte rests of the country people, when the whole record of that party proved how carefully and beneficially tliey bad watched and improved tlic condi tions surrounding producers. The nwsisurc would have the best |M--vible results, par ticularly in the country district*, and. strengthened in that conviction, he asked hon. members to support them. Mr. voa DOUSSA said the Kill hail pass ed its third reading, to ina a colloquialism, -v the skin of its teeth, and the other House would recognise that it wis after due deliberation in the Assembly. He was prepared to quote some of Mr. lior goyne's remarks to show that it was'abso- utely necessary, in the interests of consis tency, truth, and honourable dealing, that le should have voted against the measure. Unfortunately, that member was not pre sent. (Mr. Roberts— 'You ought to re spect old age.') His vote would not be counted. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands— ''Tie paired, and that would count') He did claim the vote of Mr. Foster, because he advocated the £15 fran chise with a fervour akin to religion. He would have nothing else, and* his exact words on July 27 last were— 'Tersonally his sympathies were not in tbe direction of household suffrage.' If his sympathies were not in that direction, why was bis vote there? Language was given to con ceal their thoughts, and utterances must surely be given them to conceal their votes.. He could not understand a member who could speak deliberately, and holding the views he gave expression to, and vot ing against those utterances. He (the speaker) interjected— 'Now we know where you are; and Mr. Foster replied 'Yes, and for -the next six years they would know where he was, because he was generally pretty pronounced.' He claimed the hon. member's vote on that side of the Hou«e for the next six years if he was a truthful man. Later on Mr. Foster aad said— 'He hoped at least some good fruit would come from the Bill, not in iU present form— because be had not the least hope that it would be accepted— 4wt in an amended form, which would be acceptable to the whole people.' Mr. Foster was very strong in voting against his convic tions. (Mr. Foster— UU you are a bit manly you will quote something else.') It was absurd for a man to take tbe position Mr. Foster had. The strongest indictment made against the Government was by a member who voted for the measure— Mr. Morris. No one could hare been stronger in his condemnation of the action of the Government than Mr. Morris, and yet that member was found voting with them. On August 15 Mr. Morris said— 'He could not understand why kgutotrce reform had been placed ?econd only to federation, when it was apparent to everybody that by federation die whole aspect of kaida tion in ilia cokny would be changed. Why embitter ihe relations betaraon ihe two Houses, when virtually those two Houwa would shortly be elected on a different ba *s? To infer that if the Council would uot give way there would be * dissolution \--and the inference was dear frum recent Ministerial speeches— was to threaten to plunge the country into what may be term ed internecine strife. For what? The grati fication of Minister* unl a few of their :fcick-and-thin supporters.' listen to those words from behind the Ministerial benches by a Ministerial supporter, wad one who voted with the Ministry that day. And for what? 'The pntttficatami of Mamters and a few of their Urick-and-tfiia suppor ters.' Tlie hon. member proceeded to say -'It appeared (o him that the trouble between the two Hooves was a deliberate act for party purponce.' 'Save me from my friends' might well be said. What stronger condemnation of tbe Ministry could they have had? Wherever was there a bigger Daniel rising in judgment like the Jioa. memfer? Whan they found hon. members uttering certain sentiments and voticg tike tbey did, no wonder if the coun try asked-' Where are they V If the ho nest convictions of the reprraoototivea of the people liad born recorded household suffrage would never have hod a ghost of a chance. H the referendum had been a ques tion of a £15 franchise «r houwbokl suf frage they would have found that ihe £15 franchise would posaMy have bad a very sweeping majority over oousehold suffrage. That was never fairly put before tbe coun try at tbe referendum. The referendum did not mean anything because H was not constitutionally pul. Therefore mtmy mem bei« iiftd sheltered tinanseivcs behind the votes uf their cotwtitucnls. Hon. memben. in voting ns they bad done, had done vio lence to ?their own good sen*. He felt that somewhat of an honour had been done him by -the many references to his few remarks, and he took no exception to the criiioimn except that by Mr. Robot*, who wan infi nitely more eloquent than he was accurate. At 6.30 p.m. the sktiug of the House was suspended until 7.30. On resuming, Mr. -VCN 1X)USSA said Mr. Robert*, a fcis address, notable for ice length, its un doubted eloquence and ability, and the in dustry displayed in it* preparation, made onslaughts upon various oon. memben who ventured to differ from his enlightened opi nion. After dealing with various hon. members who had spoken, Mr. Robert* tcad— 'They went fnrtber, and came to Mr. von Douasa, a gentleman w4k- on two dis tinct occasion* since bis entry info Parlia ment hod desired to knpnwa «hcm with ths opinion that he represctited or belonged to it parbicuferly exalted claw. In fat*, ou the hccond occasion he felt tfmt bod it been a few years ago, before the duties and renpon sribilicks of pob'cical life weighed 00 him, he shouid have been seriously tempted to in sert a pin in a tender portion ot his anato my, ana if brae blood did not exude from the wound he should have taken the consr nuences of contradicting tiie cfatlemeut.' (Mr. Wood— 'The hon. member did not mean it') The hon. member uncd those expressions in a carefully prepared speech. But he (the speaker) had never put him self on an exalted plane and pretended to belong to any tfU|H*rior ths.*, «vcb as tail been suggested. He dcu'ed the hon. mem ber to show any addresses he had delivered in the House or any published report of bis remarks outside which would give 'tho smallest justification for such misrepresen tation of what he had said. Nothing he had said or thought of saying would put himself above other hon. members. So far as the reference to the prick of a pin was concerned, if a similar operation were performed on tbe hon. member he wan afraid that, instead of the blue blood, it would be very black blood which would exude. Tlie hon. member's misrepresenta tion win habitual. He sud — 'WhiL* speaking Mr. yon Doum. delivered himself of tlie following:— 'In tome instances the arrangement of district* wan such that the town clement overwhelmed the country. The Southern District of the LonsJntivc Council was composed of seven divisions, and an bon. member of another Chamber, a gentleman of great ability, when elected was neither first nor second on the |-oll in six out of seven divisions. He wms elected owing to an overwhelming majority in East Ton-ens.'* The hon. member pro ceeded— 'That wik another atftrtnpt to mislead the country againft the city. Was he referring to Mr. Kirkpatriek?' (Mr. Roberts— 'Hear, hear.') Whether the hon, member claimed to be accurate when be asked that question he did not know: rhal he said was that an hon. member in mother Chamber owed his position to the 'act that one district out of seven returned him. Mt. Kirkpatrick was not a member of that House, and be could not have re lrM\\-d In him. *-) tli.it i\ w«.s woixp than misleading. Mr. Robert* asked— 'Was ho nierriiisr i» Mir. Mdtagitr? if «- rlie ow was still more glaring. Mr. ilcGrecor was elected by the ouUide districts, and had a majority of j0 over Mr. Tomkinson, tbe third man. before coming to Hist Turrciis, and that 50 was increased to hundreds by the v-r-\\- in uht- MtliurlMti di*incu.' (Mr. Roberts— 'Is that incorrect ?') Abso lutely incorrect, as most statements of the hon. member on tin- lloor of the House were. He dihYd tho hon. mi-mbcr to prove hu btutcmml, l-ut he would show that he bad absolute authority for his statement, and defy the hon. member to show that he had any authority for hi* statement. Hu In-).! in his band a copy of the voting for the rppei- Ilmitc election in the Southern District in ISM, and that showed m clearly us figures could »how that, bo far from Mr. McGregor being elec ted in the country districts aod coming to &Mt; Torrens iiurcnsing Uutp, Mr. McGre gor was not at all the cl«t of Um« coun try districts, but it was Mr. Cohen. (Mr. Roberts— 'I never contradicW that It is too deep for you. 1 cau see.') Tbe statement that 'Mr. McGregor was elected by the outside districts' was absolutely untrue. The SPEAKEP^-The hon. member is not in order in saying that an hon. mem ber's statement is »lisaliitc*y untrue. Mr. VON DOUSSA said it was an abso lute misstatement then. The returns shared 'that there wore tiro candidates for two scats. There were six districts in the country and the suburban district of Eiirt Torrcns. Six of those districts in the country would have none of Mr. McGregor, but they placed Sir Edwin Smith at the head of the poll, and Mr. Cohen second by 150 or 160 votes above Mr. McGregor. When the}* came to Knrt Torreus Mr. Mc Gregor's votes were 1,031 against Mr. Co bens 176, and the result was that Mr. McGregor got the second position, and that was entirely due to tbe vote recorded in that district. In the country districts Mr. McGregor was neither first nor second, rod be was only third in two aad fourth i in four. (The Attorncy- Gpneral— 'Don't* 4 you know Mr. Cobrn and Mr. McGregor I were on the same Liberal ticket?' Hon. W W. B. Rounsevcll— 'How did tbey treat Cohen?' Tbe Attorney-General— M You can not get three men in two place*.') He did not p- into thai aspect. He was dealing with what bad been said on the floor of the House. Mr. Roberta went on to say—To make a statement of that description stamped the hon. member as one of two things. Either he did not know that tho Constitution had been alter ed, arid if so they could look upon him as a merely mnerficial bvwyer, or be was misrepresenting the case. They knew that he iras not a supcriid.il lawyer, no that the alternative was that, with all his exalted rank, forensic eloquence, and legal acumen, he could not bring forth argument to sup port him without misrepresenting the case.' He said that Mr. MtGrcoor wan not firwt or second in six out of the seven districts, and that that gentleman was returned en tirely by the overwhelming vote of the la bour people in East Torrcns. (Mr. Ro berts— ''* ou spoke half tho truth, and roado a deliberate misreprewntation.') He re peated again, and he would beep on repeat ing it, as Ions as he conk) stand up, tho statement— fThe Attorney- General— 'Oh, no you won't There is a Standing Order adopted in view of your owning to the House to prevent idlo ropetitioua') He had *s much right to stand on that floor as the Premier, and he was not going to have his character impugned so long as bo could stand up. He would stand there and repent again and again the tnasrcpreRenta tion of the member for Gladstone. Thero were two candidate* wanted for No. 2 dis trict, aod Mr. McGregor was neither Orrt nor second in nix out of the seven districts. It was tbe overwhelming labour vote, in conjunction with -the plumping, in Bant Tor rene. that brought inm into the Upper Uouae. Mr. RoberU, in making Mich rtatc menti, proved that his shafts had been en venomed with the poison of mifflvprosciita tinn, and if be asmred to the profctwion to which be (the speaker) bctapcd. he would have lo reform hi* character, Imnusc if there vh one thing which the Judges re orohated more than another, it was mis reprewntaiion of ei%r law or facto. Mr. Robert* would find that honenly was1 tbo b«* Policy. Then he «id that he (the sneaker) when speaking of Mr.Burgovne did not respect old age. Perhan« he VinwK was double (he arc of Mr. Roberts, and MUM give him a little fatherly advice-be trvthful ami honort. (Mr. Roberts— MI ad mire your pluck, but not your judgment') Ao one nhould make a state ment unkM it bad t'w mib fttratum of truth in it. (Mr. Robert*— 'I will rcrtgn my scat if you can prove that I have miidi' Hn inrorrect statement') Ho would take the hon. member at his word, and the District of Glhdrtone would have another election. In no country district in the Southern Division was Mr. McGregor first or second, and that was the statement impugned. Mr. McGregor was never more than third in two districts, and only fourth in four country districts. And that was what hid cawed the Dl- feeJuiK, for it show, cd that the town labour vote would over whelm the country vote, and those weie the niinvprcmnnlioRs used. He wan awaro tint the Bill had arrived at that rtnpo when further speaking would not be ot much avail, ne would like lo tell the Pre mier that in piirnting the course he wa« m miftht be Kalinued, because of his contract with tlic Labour Party, and thai he «tw doing a grand and noble work. Howprer, the real producer* were much opjKwed to the nttitnde that the Attorncv-General had taken up. not only in the House, hut n fteinir round the country and fomenting ill feelinjr. and vilifying and ridiculing ino other Howe, which was ernnnowd of hon. members of -n« high standing and noble a nnmc no the .Attorwy-GeiMTral. There were the Hon. J. L. Stirlrajr, Sir R. C. Baker. and others who, and their ancestor*, had done valued wrvice to the colony, and were they utterly opposed to the best interest* of the worker*? To go about the country as tbe Alt«rncy-('rneral had done wag 1x-. nrath the dignity of the Premier of a colony. Mr. Kingxton wu following the lK-hf*t« of the party behind him, and he ! had to go where they commanded, and say wr-al they wanted.' The Premier wns «ip pnrtcd by tlic Treasurer in going abont (he country, creating excitement and fomenting ni-feriing in the community. The Attornrv Generttl *|-oke of conserving the political right* but he (the speaker) wnnld auk, had the people of South Australia ever had renxon to complain of political serfdom* Xo. Tbey were prepared to lake the go-f* A KeaKons with the bad new-ons, and gnn-*.fl Governments with bad, and the present Oo^P vernment wag very, very bad— to the super htive degree. The Government should lie able to bold the wales evenly iu the bal ance for all parties in tbo community, and they should not take up action for one das* only. He met a producer only the other day. *nefnre the beneficent rains, an-l wu condoling with him on the tad outlook. The producer buirt into poetry, and raid— ' 'The drouoht in bad, but far worse still i« Premier Kingston's Suffrage Bill. For Heaven'* sake, don't burden u« with Pre mier Kingston's Suffrage Bill.' He raid the drought would paw away, but wflh the Household Suffrage Bill they would be mtMded to the lAbonr Party. (The At torney-General— 'Did thjs producer say all that.*) Yea; and a good deal more. Tt was not in that language, it was in language ?unparliamentary, and he could not one it there. If the Attorney- General had rone down to the Show-groonda. hecoold not neve failed to hare heard them talking in de nunciatory terms of bis action. And then at the meeting at the Town Hall, when they rose and cheered the statement whicft ?was to the effect that this proposal was in imical to the best interests of Sooth Aus tralia, and was the artful dodge of the art ful dodger. (The Attorncy- Geoeral-'*It was nothing of the sort.') That was the re mark, and the Attorney-General dare not say that it was not a truthful report, or that it was only a piece of 'The Register' reporting. (The Attorney-General— 'I do siy it was nothing of the sort. I say I pot from Mr. Johnson a. statement in writing tt say that \t was not used in the sense re presented in The Register' paragraph.') He would hare to be prepared to make a declaration, and he would go further, and make an amdhrit to say that those words were absolutely used. ' He did not know what mental reservation there might have been, but be did know that tie statement ?vraa unanimously accented by the audience The Attorney-General's influence was as tounding, and be did not know whether, by the exercise of this influence, be had been able to induce Mr. Johnson to make these remarks. (The AttorneyGene ral— 'I got a letter from Air. Johnson wti*mt swing him.' Jir. G«tine-'I heard him say the word*.') All he could say was tint the report, ns all reports wwe ?whicn emanated from both the leading newspapers. bonetUy suited what Mr. Johnson said. In that report -the word* wererebtzd as they were spoken, and they luet with the unanimous oyinka of 1,500 or 1,600 people from all parts of the colony, who were vastly more to South Australia *i™*- the few people who belonged to the Trades and Labour Party. The other ode that afternoon bad absolutely every vote they could get, and numbered no man than thirty votes, includmg cbe two mem bers who were away, lie aakod with Sir John Downer and Air. McDonald where did this vale show toe leas* justification , for ttat duturbttnoe in thar political life Lg' that was threatened, and held up as a W dagger vo the Upper House? Had the edge T notbeen taken off and the point of the dag ger broken? Titey were 4oJd, oo the intro duction of the measure, wkh much vaunt ing, that toe majority kwt year in its fa vour was 2 u* 1—34 to 17. What had hap pened in the interval? There had been a gtn«ral election, at which household suf frage was mule the moat prominent sub ject, half the lime of -the candidates on the average being derotod to it, and instead of there oeinff cvou on endorsement of the old Uouae'4 opinion, it &ad; been negatived to the extent of seven votes. The new As sembly bad rust twenty-eigbt wftes far household suffrage against thirty- four last ' year. Only a bare absolute majority bad lwcit obtained— to sneak colloquially, it had l*en pulled tdvrougk by the skin of it* teeth. (Air. 1'cake— 'If you are fair you will give it* credit for tinny votes.' Mr. Satcht-lor— 'Two ore absent. -) Tbey could takv the fibres the othor way, bra, be cause there were absentee* at the time on the Opposition side. It was understood *hst the Govcromcat did not expo* the di vi.-ioa that day. Hut the supporters of the hill comM couut no more than thirty votes. white opponents could hew got four more, nudcing the ii?ire* 30 to 23— a -bflerv.no.! of only seven votes, against seventeen bat yeir, and liiis utter all that had boon said about the allegwl jwlttical serfdom of the people. The referendum really induced how membere to vote on the other side, HutuMC thev were no more in tympu£hy with hottfidroW suffrage than he was. The £15-rranchue supporters bid voted for the Hill in die bope that a compromise would be made, and that any political difficul ties would be obviated. The country people were left with little choice when the referendum was taken, because no in termediate course witi offered to them, and the result of the referendum and of tbc division tliat clay did not truthfully repre sent the feeling of' the community. Honest views had not been abic to got expression, because of the conflicting opinions as to wh.it really would be the beat. If the matter were fairly put before the people he belie red that nn abundant majority would be in favour of allowing the Con stitution to 6tand as at present, ami against a £15 franchise and household or adult suffrage. Those who believed in the £15 proposal had allowed themselves to be pull ed over the line, an in a tug-of-war. They had been brought to household suffrage, and the smallest brc.itb wotiM carry tbrm to adult suffrage, the end which the Go vernment desired, and then to the ultimate ponl which Mr. Prii-v honestly, candidly, and vehemently said be looked for— the abolition of the Legislative Council, and government of South Australia by one House. No doubt Mr. Price's desire was shared by those who surrounded him. The Premier said that that was not his wish. He might blind the eyes of tbe people of Port Pirie and Balaklara. but he was put ting the weapon into the hands of the people to abolish the Council, ami Mr. Kingston miirht «tand up with all his titles, bis Premiership, and )ih aspiration; for the future guidance of Australian affairs, and U-11 tbc people that they were going too far, but he would nc\\-er be able to stop them. Once they bill the weapon they would use it (The Treasurer— 'It wilt make the Council stronger.') He would not attempt to ans wer such an argument. (The Treasurer — 'Sir John Downer's argument proves it beyond dispute') Place the two Houses n the same basis of representation and i ?ne or the other must succumb, and the equence of what waa now proposed would e the abolition of the Council. It was : ececsary that the tactics of the Ministry bould be exposed to the public gaze, lany of those who were tbc backbone of be country read the reports of the debates, nd did not know what they in the inner irclc of politics knew, and did not sec brongh the objects and ainis of politicians. ; 'hey perused the debates, and said:—: Now, tbu reads splendidly. Grand! j [he Premier is going to stand up for the ights of the people! We arc going to be rotcctcd by him!' If they could only eally see the aim and the object of the 'render, and the force behind which tnpelled this question, they rould have very different opinions. iVould the Premier say if tbc other House ?ejected the Bill, as he hoped and practi ally knew it would, that be would punish -he Assembly and aleo tie Council and :reate a turmoil throughout the country fffcen the farmers were gathering in tbe tarvert and have another general election? For what purpose? Perhaps to secure a louse constituted as tbe present one was, -r with less supporters, because those mem )cr» who bad spoken one way and voted mother would £e called to account. As inming that he would have a House con itituted as it was at present, in his wildest topes be could not dream that he would lot have a Council stronger against him baa the present one, and where was die idvantage of putting the oppressed com nunity, which was now crying out about the amount of taxation, to tbe wanton, ffilful, and wasteful expense of £5,000 or £6,000? Qni booo? Would the Premier tell them the future intentions of the Go rernment? *He did not want to prophesy, rat put a snpposhatioos case. If the Legis ative Council threw out the Bill, would he isc all the constitutional means which he bad threatened to use to enforce the will -f the people, and would he give the elec tors of South Australia another oppor tunity of doing what they had just done, -r was he going to have a dissolution only »f tbc Legislative Council? There were tho*e who were called the members of the Gurteen Club, No. 1 room,aud all sorts of lesignations intended to throw obloquy upon men who were as honourable and up right, and had an infinitely greater stake in the country than- the whole of the mem bers of the Treasury Benches pat together, md who were devoting themselves to tbe interests and welfare of South Australia. What object was to be gained by setting :he turmoil over the country? If the Go vernment were sent there to control the iffairs of South. Australia entirely for the benefit of one section, as he believed they were, he could understand the Premier's ittitude; but if- they were occupying their position as any Government should hi the interests of all sections of tbe com munity, what was the object of creating turmoil and political strife? He asked the Premier to pause before he committed him self to what must mean his absolute politi cal downfall and oblivion in this com munity. Stronger men than be had fallen, and be need only refer to the fact that sometimes the hand which had been sup porting was withdrawn. In New South Wales the rapport of the Labour Party was withdrawn from Mr. Bcid, and that politician fell; and he would ray to the Premier to look at the handwrit ing on the wall — 'Mene ilene TekeL' He could almost tec the people whose hand would write on the wall smiling, and to advised the Premier to beware. Mr. Kingston tad carried ont tbeir behests, and his position was due to them, and he counselled him to be cautious. His vc'iiemence and desire to further their interests murht carry him beyond tbe point beyond which it might be dangerous for his political and possibly his physical wel fare to go, and* he counselled him to say that he had cone far enough. Mr. KOHKRTS desired to make a per sonal explanation regarding the splenetic outburst of the hon. member, lfeferringto the election of ISO I, contested by Sir TE*l xr'm Smith, Mr. McGregor, Mr. Tomkin tnn, and Mr. Colten, the hon. member had chnrecd him with having made an incorrect \--Utunwnt. What be had raid was that so far as Air. Tomkinwm was concerned, who R~a« third in the final rcmiK, Mr. McGre gor wis elected by a majority of fifty in out side centres. If that Ktatemcnt was incor rect he w.'irf prepared to take the roost ex treme course open to any hon. member, and resign hi* *mk. That statement wns cor rect, and the hon. member wilfully and maliriou«lv misrepresented him. Mr. MORRIS said be would not have sno'en had it not l-oen for Air. ron Dou.«3a, but he would remind him— A lie that is till a lie may be met and fought outright, Rut a lie that is half a lie Is a harder matter to fight Mr. von Dotnsa bad quoted from his siwcch, but that member did not follow up the cxrfaitntion lie bad given which in honour he should haw. It was a deliberate ntt'.-mpt to mislead the country and the House. Mr. von Dous«3 looked forward to a dissolution, and he had spoken to influ ence his constituents. He did not blame the Opposition, for their policy. It was their duty to do what they thought was risht, hut having been beaten in a fair fight they »WiM noL waste tune further. In -qwokins on the referendum he *aid he would be lionnd by it, although he would prefer a £15 frjuchwe. If the Legislative Council would only put forth the £15 franchise at a cnmi-romi*c a majority of the House would be found supi-ortipg it, even against the Government. He did not know what the intention? of th» Government ware, and lie did no: e.nv. lxvju.se he was not afraid o face his constituents, bat he thought it . nu needless to waste farther time Me. FOSTER said he had been interested n the lecture delivered by Mr. von Dooesa. le was pleased that he declared that - tonesty was the best policy, but his speech vas not in accord with that sentiment, lo was reckles* in his statements, and un air. Mr. von Dou*«a bad quoted him ?cry unfairly— unpardonably so— because he lion, member was no novice, even hough he was a political novice. That ncmber had represented him as saying 'Personally he was not partial to bousc lold suffrage, and had not discussed the luestion before bis constituents,' and had itopped there. (Mr. von Doussa— ~'I did tot -ay a word about your constituents.') so much the worse. The bon. member had mded the quotation at the word 'suf- rage.' He bad requested the bon. mem -cr two or three times by interjection to 'ead the whole sentence, but to no pur-j xwe. What he did say, as reported in1 '.Hansard,' was— 'PenonaHy he was not ' tartial to household suffrage, and had not liscusscd the question before bis coostitu mto; but in reply to questions be had )Iedged himself to abide by the mandate »f his constituents;' and he was now go ng to redeem that pledge. (Mr. ron Doussa— 'I quoted ypu from page 202 of Hansard.' ') The hon. member knew his MKttion very well, because he bad discussed it with bini, and he (the speaker) bad nore than once told him why he could lot vote for the £15 qualification. Mr. ron Doussa was equally unfair to Mr. Price, vbo most distinctly had assured the House Jiat in speaking in favour: of the abolition -f the Legislative Council he was speaking is an individual, and not as a member of he Labour Parry. There was no excuse for Sir. von Doussa misrepresenting tie hon. nember as he had. (Sir John Downer— 'But the party would not say what they neant. I asked them.') Mr. von Doussa further said he hoped the country would take notice of his vote. Doubtless the hon. member meant his (the speaker's) consti tuency. Well, his constituency always did take notice of his vote, and tbe electors bad never yet found him go back on a pledge or on hi* political principles. He was sorry Mr. von Doussa had referred to bis (tbc speaker's) colleague, because he must know that Mr. Burgoyne had come [nun a sick-bed— being exceedingly and dangerously ill, he feared— in order to re deem his pledge to his constituents, but iiad had to return home. (Mr. von Doussa —'I did not say anything' about him.') The hon. member started to do so. Mr. von Doussa said that the division on the Government side was the best obtainable. The fact was that there were two hon. members away. Mr. von Doussa had stated that tbe division on the Household Suf frage Bill was not so good as it was last year. The hon. member knew that that also .was a misrepresentation— an absohic and wilful inurepresentataon. There was no division last year on the Bill. There was a division, however, on the subject of ?sending the matter to the people by refe rendum. He believed every member of the Country Party voted for that, but only one member of than party could have voted for the direct issue. The division that day wm a strong step in advance of the division of last year. He challenged any denial of that statement. Mr. von Doussa, in his political simplicity, was making a very serious mistake when he tuoughb country people believed tbe sort of nonsense which be talked. The division that day, about which so much exultation was shown by the Opposition, was a proof that the Bill was gaining support. If they took away from the Opposition numbers tbe five or six supporters of the £15 franchise the Opposition would be left with men on the conservative side of politics. Mr. von Doussa had referred to a wonderfully en thusiastic and memorable gathering in the Town Hall. He (the speaker) had been told that a very rood sprinkling of those present on that occasion were young men and women who were not old enough to exercise the franchise. But even if the Ade laide Toivn Hall was packed with people from all corners of the colony, what then? The whole thing was in a nutshell. It was a question of conservative influence in the colony being in danger. On the question of consistency, he might point out that every member of the Country Party had voted according to his pledges to his con stituents. But what about the' other side? What about the impression made on tbe mind of Mr. Shannon in regard to tbe £15 clause? Mr. von Doussa on that occa sion was unable to tell the House what be was going to do till after the adjournment for dinner. He knew a little about it, so the hon. member had better not interject too loudly Mr. Shannon had been misted, ii any man had ever been misted, and two member* of his party who went no far as to commit themselves had tried to get back, but could not, and had to r: cord their votes for the £15 franchise. What about straight-going when Mr. von I)ou&-a recommended another place not U give way despite the fart that twenty-eigh4 members had voted with the Government, though two stanch supporters were away, and half a dozen votes more should haw come from theothersideof thcHouaefor£15. He (the speaker) had been charged with in consistency because be followed the refer endura. and* in that respect was satisfied t- be a delegate of hi* people. He voted i Ji the referendum, and that was the on!j consistent counse he could take. He h-»; pledged himself to abide by the mandate o ilia constituents. That was more consisted than the conduct of some Opposition members who suggested a referen (turn, ana men saia it was bucdosm tutional because it was inconvenient, anl ilid not pan out just as they expected. (Mr. Castine— 'Are you referring to tbe Minister of Education?') He was referring to Mr. Homburg aud others. The principal 'o-i-allcd argument advanced against tbe Hill wjs that if it were carried the Labour Party would rule the colouy, and the Go vernment. Strange to say, Mr. Wood got up and declared that the Government were ruling the Labour Party. (Mr. Wood— 'That is absolutely the fact.') When doc tors disagreed they ought to allow the people to decide. With adult suffrage tor tire House of Assembly tbe Inbour Party had only a representation of ten member*, m that the so-called argument he had re ferred to was no argument at all. During tbc hit election he never mentioned house hold suffrage, except in answer to ques tions, hut if he had to go before his con stituent* ajnin he would take a solid hour and talk about nothing else, giving a ten ycara' review of the Parliamentary history of South Australia, and quoting 'Han- sard' correctly and faithfully. He could keep the people together for an hour on this question very comfortably. Mr. Copley impetuously, and without thought, when the division was taken, had called out that those members who represented the pro ducing interests were traitors to the people ther reprciwnted. That was splen did coming from Mr. Copley, when one re collected that the Country Party represen ted the very class of people who introduced the hon. member to political life, and who»e interests were abandoned by him. After wards Mr. Copley wa# abandoned by them. It came with very poor grace from Mr. Copley, who, when he was returned to th« Legislative Council, declared that his mis sion was to ring the death-knell of monopo lism and conservatism in that Chamber. He would ask tbe people who were tb.«rr friends. Who bad given them the legisla tive measures in which the}* rejoiced most to- day? Undoubtedly tbe producers' re presentative*, with tbe amistancc of the Labour Party, in the very teeth of the m#n who wanted torcsbtany liberalization in the franchise for the Legislative Council to-dty. The people knew that. Mr. Price earlier in the day referred to the statement that the Legislative Council would come back stronger. So it would, and he wasted it to come back stronger. That was tbeir game. That was the truth in a notsbelL It meant that if the majority of the Coun cil representimx the Conservative vote was going to tfiand resolutely and unbendingly against the undoubtedly expressed will of the people they 'might have a temporary triumph, but such a reaction would set in as would give the people not the £15 fran chise, not household suffrage, but absolute political equality. (Hon. W. B. Rounse vell— 'That is your game.'*) His game was reasonable; the hon. member's was de void of reason. The members of tbe Op position had failed to nve sufficient reason why the federal franchise should not also be the local franchise. He had not advo cated it; but ii a man went to work honestly with a desire to get to the poli tical truth logically it would land him at political equality. There were forces working to-day m the direction of poli tical equality, and if the. Conservatives could only see the .trend of the times, they would be only too delighted to compromise. (Hon. W. B. Koumsevell— 'Now we see the trail of the serpent.') It was not. It wm the deep, everlasting principle of trot that was underlying tbe principles of poli tical equality. Sheldon's books were jROJng to work a great revolution in the political world, and were preparing the public mind when political equality would be recognised as was rdipous equality. (Mr. Darling— 'Will taxation go with it?') The hon. member was wise in not trotting out cer tain principle* to which he took exception in the Federal Constitution, which, if gene Tartly taken up by the Conservative side, woaid have meant the min of the measure. If they had had the question of hou-«chf-ld mffrage mixed up with federation, and the concession to the local Parliament had been refused, they would not haw got federa tion. Haw jit— »hnta -?!!?- ??!. i » piss to run the elections for the Federal Parliament goinj; to justify their attitude, ivhen they sought tbe suffrages of the irhole of the people, with their resistance, tf any liberalization of the franchise? The I constitution of the Council now was con- 1 Bcrvatism, and it vr.ia only the liberal ha-! \--cn in it that hud saved the Chamber ', intil to-day. It the Council raised the cry »f 'No surrender!' be would raise hi3 roicc wherever be could get an audience,, ind let the ]-eople know who were their friends and who their enemies. In many respects the Council's acts had been liberal, but that was to regain the farmer:' vote A-hieh they bad lost. Those who resisted all liberalization were not the friends of Lhe Council or the people, and were not conserving the true interests of the; colony. If there were a dissolution and Lhe Council came back stronger, so would tbe Assembly. Those who expected any thing, else would make a great mistake. Ihe liberal Party would not split or work against each other. There would be work done, and it would be done earnestly and] honestly— not by the expenditure of money, but by the expenditure of energy and a distribution of influence in different parts of the colony. Mr. GILES said Mr. Foster must surely bave convinced himself by his own speech that to paw tue £15 uaadbwe was not carrying out the true principles be had en unciated. (Mr. Foater— 'Give us the lot and I will take it.') lite bon. member told them that die proper prineple was aduut stdrrage. (Mr. Tosber— 'Logically.'') He agreed with that. It would be far better to have adnk suffrage right off than honee bold floffrage. Bat the hon. member went further, and gave the adult suffrage wiii k«4 dwrictu. If thai were the case «hey it*unjd (return oniy town members. {The Attorney-Genetal-uHow can they?') He bad proved it with figures. The hon. mem ber said that the Opposition bad right* through opposed tibend measures to tfc Sstorafet and farmer. (Mr. Foster— 'I i n»t eay anything of tbe kind.' Tue bon. member sa&d; producers, which wo* the same. The other House h&J; always been bend on beta those oounts. Sir John Downer had always been on tbc liberal «de for pastoral Jegis&ion.; Froci the first day le entered tie House he (the speaker) hod been in tbe vamguard helping the farmer and producer. Tie Premier had opposed him. Tint had gone on for yearn pout. They carried tbe liberal legi^btion to the formers by the Oommisaion of 1SSS agaanet the Government. Later on tbe Country Party taried to get further liberal kgala tk-n and -they wore opoojed by tbe Govern xnent right through. Be had been twitted about bU action, but he told them last year that he would rather go for adalt suf rage wsfh the colony as one district. He ieft that ground amply became he found chat it would be far better todeave it alone until they got federation. He saw clearly that they were going to have increased direct taxation, and the people should have a say rc^rding who should carefully guard weir finances, and if the hon. gensteman said that he cculd go much stronger on the loss on pas toral improvements. The Treasurer had admitted this year that he (the speaker} waa right last year when he told him that lie wo« not making proper provision for the railways. The SPEAKER— I think the hon. mem ber ought not to discuss that subject. Mr. GILES said Hat the que*ion had to do with taxastoo, end the .Treasurer hod admitted that be would have to spead an increased sum on the railway* this year. {The Treasurer— 'I did not put it like that') Mr. Cat* admitted at tbc time that- there diodd be a reserve fund to make good the loss. Why was he twitted mow with, altering hi« policy? (The Trea surer— ''You promised adult sulfmge and one district, and you did not keep to it.') He went back to h» constituents, and ie thinking the matter over, and after consi derable thought, be came to the conclusion tint .until tederaCion they ought not to touch tbc otiter Howe at all, and that later on the best Hung would be to go for the election of the other House on adult suffrage and one dUtriot, reducdog the- num ber of members. Tbe present autocratic Government were taking a-way die power* and tibtrtie* of Partiunicnt. (Mr. ltatchfc. tor— ''What has that cot i» do with ?fader ) He defied any lion, member to show tnat on any occasion be had broken faith with promises to bU constituents. (Mr. Roberts— 'Stopping tbc alienation of Drown buds.') Every time he spoke hesaid be wsnki go agatnet non-alienation of Grown lands except die town cad country iand*. (Mr. Roberta— 'When Che vote came on you went dead against it.'). He did no such tiling. The SPEAKER— The hon. member will see that this u not the subject under dis cussion. Mr. GILES said die interjections' were reepoa*ible. His election clearly showed that the farmers were not in favour of bsuacuold suffrage. He was returned by rte fanning vote in the country place* from one end to the other, although the Petersburg vote was against him. He hud epposed to him three local men, and one candidate had the solid vote of Petersburg aod the Labour Party. Tbe fanning por tions of Frome represented a majority acaioBt household suffrage, and even if they took the «naH towns and bbekera into consideration. The railway vote at Petersburg and along the railway line gave the majority in favour of household suf frage. The majority of tbe farmers wen opposed so household suffrage. Mr. DARLING said that Mr. Footer that evening distinctly said thai last year no vote was taken on- household suffrage -n this House. Jf hhc hon. member turned up 'Hansard' for September 27, 1888, page 553, he wouki nod that tbe second reading was declared carried, and that Sir John Downer called for a division, which resul ted as foflows:— Ayes, 32; Noes, 17. Oa the third reading on household suffrage tht division resulted — 32 Ayes, 15 Kocs, with two pairs for tht Ayes and two for the Noes. That was confirmed by the Treasurer, and made very much of by him from time to time that the vote last year was Si to 17. They were toW, -too. that the country had un mistakably spoken by the referendum, and by the members returned to the House in favour of the proposal. But that night there was no appearance of the 'H to 17. Take the 2S plus two members absent through illness, and they had 30. On the other side they had all tbe members whu could have voted, and if one or two had not been absent through unforeseen circum stances they would have had 23, so that the majoritiesof the people, which wercgradud;y increasing as represented by the Treasurer, were now gradually diminishing, for Uwy stood that night with 30 against 33, com pared with & to 17 last year. The Trea surer would not dispute those figurus. (The Treasurer— 'T will show you directly.') It had been said that the Opposition were extremely conservative, bat the Opposition were doing what the country and tae people desired. (The Treasurer— 'What the majority of the people want.') He did nH think that the will of the people had been ascertained. No referendum of the other House was taken. The Government merely desired to have the power to use a threat over the other Chamber. The delay nor expense war? no consideration to the G- verninent as long as they could get a wea pon by which to create a cause of friction, and if possible to bring the Upper Hou» into somewhat bad repute. That was all that the Premier desired. They found the Premier travelling throughout the country indulging in nothing but a tissue of abme against some. hop. members of this Hou.se who differed with him. or against some members of the other House who could bf credited with candour and straightforward ness in their utterances. The Premier went abdut the country maligning those hon. member*, and maligning them on tee ground of their want of consistency. The monument of inconsistency was the Pre mier. It was not long since the Premier op poMdpayraentof members. * (TbeAttorncy General— 'I never gave a vote afainst pay ment of membere in my life.') Well, they would -ee. A division was taken on July 1*. l^Sl (P-C« 203 of 'Hansard'). Amongst those who had voted against pay ment of members he found the following names. (Tbe Attorney-General— 'What date was this?') July 14. In tbe divi sion-list of three who voted against the proposal were the names of C. C. Kingston. J. LTStiriing, E. T. Smith, and J. H. Symon. What had the Attorney-General to say to that? (The Attorney-General— 'I forget seventeen years ago.') He would forgive him that. The next was free education. The Attorney-General had voted again** free education. (The Attor ney-General— Yes; I always did.') Was he'a supporter of it now? (The Attorney General— 'I bow to the referendum.') He found that the Attorney-General also op posed woman suffrage, and that this great friend of tbe producer' in 1880 oppose* seed wheat to the fanners. He also found that Mr. Kingston was opposed to the progressive land tax. This was tbe con sistent Premier, who was travelling: the length and breadth of tbe country pointing | out the inconsistencies of other members. Those vrho lived in glass houses should not throw stones. He understood one of the ?mat reasons for the change was that the Council had opposed liberal legislation, and he wai» surprised, aud asreeably surprWd, when be hcanl Mr. P-ob»rts say that the Trades TTall Party ha»l beou successful in ttiFsinir liberal legislation for the producer. (Mr. Robm*-T#foro the C-*nstitwtiou was alwrwl.''! Wa* it not the Upper House that bad done all that the Trades Hall Party now took credit for? Why did they support tbe State Bank? It was b-- '??????» {k* £tajft-?Mk rWoOAMt t» belp the struggling producers, but because they desired to wage war against private institutions of a capitalistic nature. The rrcasurcr and Dr. Cockburn went into tbc xwiDtrv, and said that it would knock down the riics of intercsr. Bat whom were they lenocking down? They were knocking down the rates of interest of the people who bad money in the Savings Bank. The rates would bare come down. (Mx. Roberts—. 'Your firm was charging 10 per cent.') That was absolutely false. The SPEAKER— I must ask tbe hon. member to withdraw that statement; it is out of order. Mr. DARLING would withdraw, and say it was absolutely incorrect. He thought he ought to know, but some members seem ed to know more about bis business than he did himself. (Mr. Hutchison— 'Have you ever put a bailiff in?') He bad no recoDection all the yean he had been in business of ever putting a bailiff into a farmer's . place. (Mr. Hutchison— 'Has any one else done it for you?') He had not been a party to any such thing, and ie challenged the hon. member to prove it. (Mr. Hutchison— 'I ask yon.') It was one of his cowardly insinuations, as usual. The SPEAKER— I must ask the hon. member to confine himself to the subject. Mr. DARLIKG said that when miartate loents were made he would ask the indul gence of the Speaker and the House to reprr. He had no desire to take advantage of his right in that House to say in it what ie would not say outside. Another institu tion spoken of was the State Export De partment, which was originally intended for the purpose of getting the South Australian wines in such a condition that they could go on the English market in a good state. Mr. Ba4cbeTor-r'And tbc Trades Hall Party amended it') That department was being run in conjunction with the Wine Depot, and it was now largely used by wealthy squatters and the middle classes at the expense of the taxpayers.' (The Trea surer— 'It has resorted m keeping up the price of lambs.') And that meant dear meat for the people. He thought that they lookl make ?both end* meet, the same as they had done it in Victoria, where they baa revised the charges, so as to make both ends meet, and to prevent that class of business he was one of those who would do all he possibly could to have the present Constitution maintained. It was sought to give those who did not pay the taxes a voice to determine what should be done. If hey had proposed that the taxes should be borne uniformly he was with them, but under federation tbey knew that all re sponsibilities connected with indirect taxa on would be taken away from them. Tbe Home would only have the power of deaL ng wifcb direct taxation, and they could -ce -y whom that taxation would be levied. (Mr. Batchelor— 'How?') They knew very well what names were going on the roll, and iey further knew where that so-called plank of the Kingston Ministry came from. Ie had distinctly shown on the second read ing, from n piece of paper he bad received from the Trades' Hall Party, that this was one of their platforms, and the Trades Hall -arty and the so-called United Labour Party had been working at it for some time past. From the speech of Mr. Price one would have thqnght that the measure had o do with thrift, industry, and the intel ligence of the people. The measure did not mention one of those qualifications. Was there one word about intelligence, thrift, or was there anything about temperance in that Dill, or anything about virtue and ho nesty? There was nothing whatever, so the hon. member got into a state of excite ment over matter foreicn to tbe Bill. If taxation carried with it a certain amount of responsibility, then surely the .people who bore it were entitled to representation. No one objected to adult suffrage for the Assembly, but the Constitution said that a3 far as the Upper House was concerned, there should be a limited property qualifi cation as a check on hasty legislation from the popular Chamber. It was only a fair thing, partienfeiriy now that indirect taxa tion was going to be removed when tbey went into the Commonwealth. Who were the Conservatives? Give a man ten acres of hind and a cottage, and they would find that be would become a Conservative. They were not the people who asked for this Dili. Those who wanted it were people in the centres ot population, who desired to out vote the rest. They wanted to have a frej -reakf actable, so that they could escape the ittle indirect taxation they now bore, and to make it up from the land. They had a particular desire to own all the railways, tind to work them for their own particular class. He would go back to the case ot tbe SOverton Tramway Company. That Company was content to pay the Govcrn n-ent £14,000 a year for the use of iU en gines and truc-lu, but those in power thought it was desirable to cancel the ar rangement. The Government of the day found that there would be no work fo? scine thirty-five engincdnvcrs who had been employed, but they said that the men must not be discharged, but kept on at the expense of tbc general taxpayer until sonic occupation could be found for them. That had been going on until the management of the railways was becoming a menace to the people and taxpayers of the colony. It was time the matter was carefully looked into. What did all this mean about over time in the railways and the moving of the workshops? (3Ir. Roberts— 'You for get that Mr. Copley, wbo signed the pro gress report of the Commission.') He did not rare who signed it. He had his own opinion about it. A great injustice had been done to South Australia, and there were injustices gomp on at the present time. Did any member believe that if the railways were leased -hey would not give a better return to the State than they did new? (Mr. Hutchison— 'The people wouid pay for it.') No: the rates would not be raised, nor would wages be reduced, bnt the railways would be managed on' com- niercial b'nes, and no man would be em ployed unless there was work for bim to do. If they were going to have State railways by all means keep them from poli tical control, which was not the case to day. The Treasurer had said that he heard no arguments from him (Mr. Darling) to answer. As far as the Treasurer was con cerned, with all his figures and his fighting, he had not adduced any argument why the Constitution should be altered. (The Treasurer— 'it is nothing that 100,000 people have no vote so long as you have go; your*.'') If they bore their share of taxa tjou he would give them a vote, but no taxa tion, no representation in the Council. Anal was where the equity of the thing came in. He did not desire to do tan injustice to any man, and as far as honour and integrity were concerned, be claimed to have as high a standard a* any Minister of the Crown. He further would like to say to the Premier that abuse was no argument. These up country vapourings of the Premier were all abuse and no argument. The vote that day, thirty to twenty-three, compared with that of last year, thirty-four to seventeen, showed that the voice of the Houae and country wax nothing like as favourable to an alteration of the Constitution as it was said to be twelve months ago. In another twelve months, he should nob be at all surprised if a referendum were taken on household suffrage as framed in this Bill, by which the population centre* would be represen ted even .to lodgers, the majority would be on the other side. (Mr. Roberts— 'I ask that those words should be taken down.') He believed that at the rate tbey were going on, and with the experi ence of the figures, that by-and-by the ma jority would be in favour of maintaining the Constitution as at present, more par ticularly when the Bill gave a vote to lodgers. (The Attorney-General— 'No.') What did part of a dwelling mean? The Premier could not throw dust in his eyes. Any one who paid 2s. or as. a week for a room would certainly be entitled to a vote. Any amount of places would be turned into separate dwellings in this way. He could show membere a house in But Torrens where five people asked to be re gistered as voters, and this was how votes would be manufactured to disfranchise the farmers. He hoped that when the Bill went to the other House, the weapon, as the Government called it, would be turned upon themselves, and he honed that the Council, of which he was justly proud, would show its dignity and maintain its position. (The Treasurer— 'The weapon is not one of offence, but defence.') They did not as a rule have an unsheathed dagger. The Bill was intended to create friction between tho two Houses, so that there would be a stalking horse for members of the Government to go through Ae length and breadth of the colony advertising themselves in view of federation, so that they would be returned for a higtar cause. He trusted that the Council would tJirow upon the Government the responabtlity of the two Houses being sent to the country again, with a oowequcnt waste of the tax payers' money, and be did not fear the result. Mr. HUTCHISON said that there bad been so much rai#reprcaciitatkm that day that he coukl not retrain from speaking. Mr. Darling said that the vote this year was a much imullec one than that taken last session, when the numbers were 31 to 17\. He would point out trot those num bers were not ou boui«chold isutfrjj.'e, but ou the referendum. (Mr. Solomon— 'They were the numbers on tho third roidiDg.') Exactly; after tho boo, member had suaEested a referen dum, and said that he would abide by it. Mr. Caolme had told Iliem that be tud the names of ten members who would have voted apunst household suffrage if that had been the question last year. He ap pealed to tbe hon. member if that member ifjf) not Tftsjt^ j&sfc-; «*»*— »«-»-{? Tbc ^nn member would not deny it, consequently : there was a large increase in the majority : in favour of household suffrage. What bad - Mr. Darling done for the producers since ! he had baon in tbc House? What motion { or Bill had he introduced that was for the j benefit of the producers? He could not ? point to one He had suggested Tftk''g a j refcrendnm of both Houses, but he knew that would mean Gavins the people who bad votes for the Legislative Council two votes, and those who had not one vote, for the votes of the voters for tbe Legisla tive Council would be reckoned twice and the others only reckoned once. In the last referendum they had not only the voters for the Legislative Council, but also tbe whole adults of the colony. Mr. Darling had entirely misrepresented the position with regard to ihe State Bank. It was not tbe desire of those who supported it to destroy the proprietary Banks, but it was established to give assistance to those who could not get assistance from those Banks. In regard to the Savings Bank, those who represented the woridnff classes, who were interested in tbe stability of that Bank, were not likely to do anything to injure it. If they did they would be worthy to be members of the Opposition. When Mr. voa Doussa was speaking he thought they bad found the man Diogenes could not find— the one honest man, the juggler with figures. That member had entirely misrepresented Mr. Roberts. Tbc latter made the following statement in his speech:— 'In some instances the arrange ment of districts was such that the town element overwhelmed tiie country. The Southern District of the Legislative Council was composed of seven divisions, and an hon. member of another Chamber, a gentle man of great ability, when elected was neither first nor second on the poll in six out of seven divisions. He was elected owing to an overwhelming majority in East Torrens.' Mr. Roberts said— 'Was he re ferring to Mr. Kirkpatrick? If so he waa elected by the country district*. . . . When they came to tbe election under the altered Constitution they found Mr. Kirk patrick defeated, both in the country and in East Torrens, showing the enormous difference adult suffrage had brought about, notwithstanding that he got 1.000 more votes in 1897 than in 1S91?' 'Was he re ferring to Mr. McGregor? If so the case was still more glaring. Air. McGregor was elected by tbe outside districts, and had a majority of 50 over Mr. Tomkinson, the third man, before coming to East Torrens.' He was sorry Mr. von Doussa bad not accepted Mr. Roberta's challenge, and pro mised, if'hc were proved to be wrong, to resign, because no matter how he twisW the fipurea he could not get a-way from tke fact that he had misrepresented Mr. Ro berts. Mr. Copley had made a statement in reference to the motion carried by the Na tional Defence League, that they wanted the measure postponed until after fede ration, and then added that they did not believe in it then. Was that not deluding the i-eopfe? Was that member not acting the part of a hypocrite? Wa* the taott. member not leading the people to think they were in favour of it after federation when they were not in favour of it at all? That was on a level with the statement of Mr. Darling, who said that he (Mr. Hutch* ? son) had misrepresented him the other night when be said he did not draw a com parison between the Legislative Council and the Federal Senate to the electors. Ha did not misrepresent 'him, because tbe hon. member dare not do it. Mr. Giles said th* Bill was going to give an enormous rote to the country towns, and he instanced Ent Torrents but he would ask how was it if they had that power tbev did not return two Labour members for East Ton-ens, and if they could not do it now how could tbey do it in the future? If the adult suffrage vote was so large in country towns how wns it they did not return Labour members for all the country districts which had towns iu them? Mr. Giles had referred to the railway vote. They had adult suffrau' now. (Mr. Wood— 'They have it now.') They were not likely to get it if they fol owed the hon. rocmlxr. Mr. Wood would »ave to explain how they could jret the franchise quicker than under the Bill, be milfitf lin )i9/1 nr.t Irlstna if ?-/»♦ /At- H7-...I —'You cannot understand.') If he could not understand there were other members who touM understand even tbe density of the hon. member. Mr. Wood had done hie ret to defeat the Bill. (Mr. Solomon— 'If he had wanted to defeat the Bill he could have crowd the Chamber to-night and it would bare been done.') He was afraid to do anything in a straightforward manner, but if there was any roundabout way of doins mischief he was prepared to -\o it, j-wt a* ho waa prepared to assist Mr. Grainirer to amend the title. He would point out to Mr. Darling in regard to the question of taxation that if after federa tion there was soinjj to be increased taxi tion every proon jn the community who had to pay it fliould have a voice in thr. selection of both Hou.ec*. Now was the time adult snffrace should be {riven to the people. They should not delay the Bill until the time when they had to do»l with the question whether tbey «hon'i iave one or two Homes. There had never been any mistake about his attitude on that question. He bad told his constituents that lie w&« in favour of one House after federation, and a reduction of the member; of the Assembly to one-half. Mr. Darling said, and he agreed with him. that the railways were not free from nolitical con trol, but the present Conuuiosioner tol-l them be could not make the railways pay on the prc«ent tariff because a certain large Company was getting its ore carneJ at a less rate than it «hould have, and when it was proposed to increase it the Opposi tion told him it could not be done beeauca there w&t; a large Company behind it. lie was surprised at the bon. member stating that the Government nrere paying a largs ram annually for work which was not per formed. He did notbslievii such was thecaw. The whole of the speeches that day by oppo nents of the Bill had been made for the exprcn purpose of nuakndang the people in regard to it* provisions. He hoped t^c Bi:l would be speedily proved. The TREASURER would not add maic rially to the length of the debate, but dwre were a few things that had been said dur ing its pmRTttw to which he felt it neces sary to reply. In the first place be regret ted that the rcnditioQ. of attain* which pre vailed iu years past sevmed now to reive gone from fchem apparently for ever. There waa a time when matters were keenly fought during their ]*o?re*s in tliat Houm% but-when once the Houne bad come to a decision it wv recognised as tbe decision of the House of Aj»cinbly, and the mem bers loyally avoided doing anything to de stroy the effect of a decision of the House to which they belonged. That afternoon, ?however, they hod bad indications fcbo* ear tain lion, members were now going to ap peal against their fellow-members' decision, agauuc a majority of the llotwc. to another branch of the Legislature, whicii the}' were iiikfeotiaHy inviting to give to that House a eort of slap in the face. That was not a becoming attitude for members of tibat House to adopt, and he hoped siwut wch a course of cooduct would not be persisted in. (Mr. Sokxnon— 'What aboat uiat wea pon of yours?') He waa very much but prised at the remarks of some members in refereuce to the Legislative Council. He was surprised notably at the remarks of that young member who crowed so loudly from the opposite side of the House, Mx. von DoucRt, who decJarod his conviction tfr-it tire Legislative Council would tibrow out this Bill. He (tiie speaker)' should beet tute very much indeed to declare his con viction regarding anything of «bc aort. lie believed tuut the fuwtion of tiie Legisla tive Council was to give effect when it was cfentrly ascertained to tbe -vriU of the people of South Auatralk, and it would be insulting to tbe Council it he were to con clude that merely for party or other such reasxw it would decline to perform its own uoper function. He did not insult that body by atating there that ho bdieved it would do that winch it ought not to do, aad leave undone that whicn it ought to do. He hoped that bon. members wSo had been making such statements would see tbc wrong they had been doing to the odrer branch of tiie Legjebture, whose interests they prefaced to -notd so dearly at heat. Then it bad been said that 4fae desire of tiw Government and thon who voted with them ww to det&roy; the other branch of the Leg»h&ur;«. ? Mr. Brace bad put the matter very dearly that afternoon. If the other branch of the Legislature was to be destroyed H wouid be most erirely destroy ed by iu deUbenetcly anl wilfuDy wkfc. standing the expressed will of the majo rity of Jjputh Australian people. Tho* members hke Sir. Darting, who coumeikd the other branch of the Lugiidature to take that course, and those who declared tint a double dusohsaon, if it took place, would rctnilt in the other branch of the Legislature coming back in more determined antagonism to the will of tlw people than ever, went further to ward* promoting the destruction of the L» gwlative Council than any members on tbe Ministerial side of tbe House. That w.ts the course which led to destruction. Tbc course the. Government were taking wa-i that which led to the establishment of toe Legislative Council on a firmer txise th-m it had ever be-Ti bnorv. (Mr. Darling— 'it will kwc all its dignity and uttfulno-s.') Did the Hou.«c of A^enil.ly lose dignity or upofomesw Ihh-.iu.'c it represented the whole of the electors of South -vustrab'.i? Was that Jlonsc shorn oi any honour or dignity becaa?r it hzd a broad bus© tha: would attach to it if K bad another? The position was rntircly the rcversn. l?y ad'l mg to the foundation on which the other branch, of the Legislature rested they woulo! be adding to iu euiab'fcv making Jc ?ranger, more jowernil fox fpodVaad add* ng to its dignity at the some time. He teed go no further in this connection than a recall the words uttered by Mr John [-owncr some time ago and so appropriately looted that afternoon by Mr. k osier. lie ranted to say a word or two a* to the letting of class aguinst claen, to which a *ood deal of reference had been made. I: ' xras said that the Government by visiting carious country places, were setting daw igainst claim. Who, that day, again had ittempted to set town against country ana country against town? Who was it that nras continually declaring, either direetiy or by inference, that not only ought the city ind townships to be partially disfranchis ed by having less weight attached to the voting in the city and suburbs than at tached to the voting in tuc country? . Who was it that declared from time to time lat because people lived in the townships their votes should be regarded -a* of less ralue than the votes of the people in more rural districts? It was those people who were setting class against dau in this community of ours, and he protested against it He protested against any attempt to set the country against the city, cla»s against class. Those who voted for the Bill edared that they were against these da» distinctions, and these monopoliesof political power. They wished to place everybody en -e same broad level. He returned to lose membere who used these argument* the accusation levelled against the Govern ment, and said it belonged not to tbe Go vernment but to their accusers. (Mr. Pacch— 'One of the member* ? of the Go vernment started it.') It was impoaiiible or any one to prove {hat statement. (Mr. 'aech— 'It was the Commissioner of Pub lic Works.') The remarks of the Commit sioner of Public Works had demonstrated very clearly that if this Bill were pawed it would add more to the voting power of tbe country than to tire city. (Mr. Paecb— 'That started it.') Those remark* by the Commissioner of Public Work* were made in answer to arguments that had been used to create this very antago nism. It had been said that tiie Bill wan against the interests of the producer*. It had been put several times that this was a Bill to enfranchise some 70,000 voters for the Legislative Council, of whom some 30,000 were the wives of those who to-day had the franchise for that House. (Mr. Cas tine— 'To whom you would not give it last week.') The hon. member knew that hat was a shameful misrepresentation of fact. The bon. member was to constantly guilty of shameful nusreprescntationa of bat kind that he would not stay to answer urn any further. (Mr. Castine— 'You mow you opposed Mr. Ulynn's amendment last week; tell the truth.') The hon. member dared to ask him to tell the truth. ?Mr. Cartine-^an hon. member whose in ability to quote correctly when be had 'Hansard' .before him was proverbial in that House— dared to ask him to tell the truth. As the House knew the hon. mem ler he was- tempted to take no notice of his interjections, but ait jiossibly hw *laLc menta would- get into the newspaper* uud might be rcafd by sonic who did not know them, he (the speaker) would reply to them. WJiut was the proposition of Mr. Glynn to which the hon. member referred? Tbc Government had a clause in the Bill, the Bill of a majority of that House, pro viding for a vole for the women to whom he was now referring, and Mr. Glynn did not propose to give a vote to a single soul to whom the Government did not pro|-osc to give it. Mr. Ulynn's proposition wu to give the vote to the ahvcs of lhe pre sent Legislative Council clcctons only, aud to withhold it from 40,000 other iieopic. It was -that withholding which the Govern ment opposed. The Government resisted the limitation proposed, desiring to give the frauchibe to the wives of all house holder*. That watt the simple fact, and he could uot excuse Mr. Ca»linc's statement on the plea of ignorance. iMr. Castmc 'I know too much for you.') For tlic hon. member to pretend to charge the Go vernment with denying the vote to any oi the women of whom he had been speaking was certainly too preposterous to be worth a moment's consideration. Tho Bill was O enfranchbtf! TO 000 imino. n( whnm 9fl IHm nrcrc the wives of the producer* of South Australia. To the extent of 30.0U0 votes -nearly one-half the whole number to be added lp the rolU under the Hill— they Acre enfranchising the women. They were ioubling the voting power of the producers, and yet certain members dared to say they were weakening the political influence of the producers. Besides that they were adding to the rolls some 20,000 men aud 20,000 women whose names were not there now. Was it to be fet up for u moment's factious consideration that tliwe 40,000 men and women were antagonistic in their interests to tbe pro ducers? There was another point which tiad been too much lost sight of during tbc debate, und oa which he cltaHcnsed contra diction. Was is not true that if tbc Legis lative Council rolls were strictly purged tp-day aceorduy to the law many thousand* of name* would have to come off? (Mr. von Dou*«a— 'How is it they are not purged in theCourU of llevinon?') Because it was not the business of tbe Returning Officers or Registrars to determine the value of tbc properties for which the elec tors claimed to vote. If those names were struck off it would at once add to the de mand for the pa˚ of the Bill, and make it so (strong and loud that no one would dare to be deaf to it Further, if the truth were known by those whose position was so precarious, many of them would at ouce prefer to ucc household suffrage. Tbc IH)iui Iiad liocn made, with a view t» iu use of an the Legislative Council, that instead of an increasing tiny had a decreasing inajoritv. }VaA to&tnw;? Wr. So!omon--'Ab«oluic. ly.') What were the facts? Twelve months ago they pawed tiie third reading of tbe BUI by 31 to 17. With the Speaker in the Chair two members were not ac cented for-^-Mr. Houiburg and ilr. Handy side, wbo, it is well known were againat the Franchise BilL That would give 34 to 19\. To-day they had bad 30 for the Biil and 23 against. It looked as if four bad gone wrong. The vote last year was reform against no reform. Thirty-four members wanted reform and 19 did not. Of those 34 Mr. Castine hadjold them that 10 were for the £15 franchise, and 24 for bouwbold franchixe. lake off the 30 this year the 1 men for £15, wbo still stood by them— Messrs. Bunroyne, Foster, Morris, and Miller— the Government had 20 for bouRC hold suffrage a* .against 24 last yrar. (Mr. von Dousfia— 'Not enough to alter the Con stitution.') That was a gain of two. Tin other side had 23 thv year againrt 19 laf-.t year, but that 23 included Messrs. Shannou, Blacker, Playford, and McLachlan, wbo were all hi favour of £15 and not ugainrt reform. That left the party against re form no stronger than twelve months ago. So far a» Mr. von Doujwa was concerned) he wok there only because of the absence through a regrettable cause of one of the oldest and most respected members of tbe House lart year. (Mr. Solomon— 'That bon. member would take precisely tiie same stand.') There was no warrant for that statement. (Mr. Solomon— 'There is war rant enough.') He defied the hon. member to nay that. (Mr. von Doiusa— '1 won't answer such a statement as yours.') The hon. member would not, because be could not. He would not even try. (Mr. von Doussi— 'Because I am more conudvrate.') Wan it possible that Mr. Wood rould tti'.l believe that without clause 0 the Bill co»i!J come into operation quicker. (Mr. Wood— 'You proved that yourself.') lie proved that it was impossible to brinp it into op eration in time for the next election, and, therefore, it could not come iuto force until three yean after that, and it wculd comein just as soonwitlxJauHe 1) an without H. Mr. Darling, Mr. Copley, and others had proved that the £15 iranchine would be more in favour of tbe town* than the coun try, and therefore ther could not resrel that that had been lost. Further, Mr. Dari'm? stated that so reason had been lodged for the passing of tbe measure. To those who voted with the Government it was- enough to know that 70,000 of their ftUow-cottnifcts were denied certain poli tical privileges which it would be a boon to confer. Giving them that boon would d no harm to any one or to any Kouli Australian interest, and could only bene fit and Wcs all those who were concerned in tine true prosperity of Sic colony. Moved by that knowledge they were dad to know that lhe House was takmciU final step in the direction of rais ing 70,000 colonists to the level of thone who were enjoying tiie highest political privilege, and they hoped that the time when tht- work they were now doiujc would bear fruition, would not long be delayed. [For remainder of Parliament rec page 3.] 