J: GABRIELLE'S GHOST, ' Ton English poÚÓ0,' said Monsieur Gar- nier, the world-fomoua French detèotive, aa fceleáned back in his chair,,and lit a cigar . yçu English police have your methods of 1 detection, whioh aie admirable in their'way, and yet which fall short in something, and that something ia imaginativeness. Having on po obtained a due . you can work it up as akillfully aa any detectives in the world,' but, failing suoh olue, I 'must'' coulees, gentlemen, your little plans airó too often' Domed to failure. Imaginativeness is,' in my Humble opinion, as necessary ' to the deteotive aa to tho successful novelist, and if you will forgive my talking of myself, I will tell you the story, of the case which brought mo what fame I have the honour to3 possess. In that oase we ' had not the slightest olnè to go upon, but the im- aginative inBtinot served me in' steh a man- ner that I.ran my man to earth. « One sultry morning in August, I waa commissioned to go to the" Chateau ' Monoy, at VÜlefort. a rural. district about forty miles from Paria, where, it seemed, 'à mys- terious crime had been committed. Mademoiselle Gabriello Monoy,'.the only daughter of the chateau, had been found on the floor of her bedroom early that morning «mite dead, the medical. evidenóe showing that she had been killed' by poison 1 1 * On arrival at the ohateau, I was at once ushered into the presence of Monsieur Monoy, a dignified, middle-aged'man, who toge to greet me as I entered. He waa overcome with grief, and it waa plain to soe that he had been weeping continuously. 'Be seated, monsieur,' he said, in a low tone, ' and I will give you all the particulars at my disposal, of this awful affair.', ,1 obeyed his request, and seated myself near the window. * Now. monsieur,' I said, quietly, ' I ami entirely at your service.' -' In that case,' he returned, ' I will, prb oeed to explain mattera to you without farther delay. Yesterday morning I went to Paris to attend a sitting of the Chamber of Deputies, of whioh I have the honour of . being a member. X left in the house my S)or daughter Gabrielle, her cousin Monsieur mest Monoy, my secretary-a young man named Vautrin-and the house servants', in- cluding Madame Blanche, the housekeeper. ? ' The Chamber sitting late laßt, evening, I stayed at an hotel where I usually put up when in Paris, and this morning at nine ©'clock 1 waa horrified to receive a telegram from my housekeeper informing me that my daughter had been discovered dead' I at «noe came post-haste to this house, and found that the message waa only too tme. The doctor who had been hastily summoned . declared that my daughter had been poisoned by xneaua of some vegetable dmgr, suoh as bruoine or strychnine. This is all I have to teUyou.' ' Dp you suspect anyone ?' 1 asked, after a. short pause, in the passing of whioh the distressed father sat looking at me with anxious eyes. * Is there anyone in the house "Who would benefit by this death ?' 'Only one-Monsieur Earnest Monoy, my poor daughter's cousin, the next of kin. *Bat he is so admirable and excellent a young man that to auspeot him ia madness.' 'The secretary?' *ls a man whom I have taken, from rkverty and destitution, and whose fortune am making, seeing that I am to obtain for tim a secretaryship to the Minister for In atruotion. Hardly the man, monsieur, to repay me for my servioea by murdering my only child.' ' * True enough. The other inmates of the house are, I suppose, not to be suspected for a moment ?' « 'Not for a moment. They all loved my ohild, and would have died for her.' ' Could anyone have obtained admittance to the house during the night ?' . . * Impossible. Every door waa barred and bolted aa usual, so the hausekeeper informs me.' ' Some visitors might have called last evening ?' < i ? 'No visitor oould have oallod. The storm kept everyone away.* * From whom do you obtain these facts P' . 'From Madame Blanohe, the house« ?keeper. Perhaps you would like to inter- rogate her ?' * It would be as well, I think.' 'Monsieur Monoy touohed a bell, and summoned the woman, who was evidently . much agitated. She answered my questiona in a straightforward, 'Sensible manner, and, 1 "whilat it is not usual for mon of my pro« ' fession to judge from appearance, I never- theless felt convinced when Madame Blanohe quitted the room that eho was as innocent of duplicity in ovidonoe as she was of complicity in the orimo. ' Yen are satisfied with the honsokeeper P' asked Monsieur Monoy when sh) had do parted. ' Quito. Thoro seems no reason io doubt the aoouraoy of her statoments. She affirms 1 that Madomoiaollo Gabrielle did not quit tho houao yesterday, and no visitor oallod. Now what doos tho doctor say as to tho time when tho poison was swallowed P' 4 Ho can flay nothing vory doflnito until after tho post-mortom ; but he ia willing to «wear that tho poison waa administered within twolvo hours of tho finding of the body this morning.' * Then it ia pretty clear that the poison ¿waa administered by some individual in this noose P' ' Undoubtedly. There oan be no other theory ?' 'Excepting one,* ï put in, nervously, ' and you it ill not be offended at my refer- ring to it. Young ladies have been known before now to destroy1 themsdves. ? Can it be possible that this is a case in point ?' 4 He sprang. » Monsieur Gamier,' he cried passionately, 4 dismiss that idea from your mind at once. My- daughter, was the happiest girl in the province, and more than that, . her f*~m religion would haye led her to look upon suicido as a deadly sin. 1 am willing to swear by the Almighty who made me that she who lies dead upstairs did not die by her own hand.' 4 Calm yourself, monsieur,* I Eaid, gently, feeling muoh sympathy for the heartbroken man, * calm yourself, and remember that it ia only by calmness that you oan aid myself and the police in arriving at the truth. We j will dismisa the theory of self- destruction, since you say that such a course was ?*n-. possible to your daughter, and we will re- I turn to the pcseibiHties. They ere as follows.' 4 Go on,' he said, quiokly ; 41 am -lis- j toning.' 4 We have proyed to pur own satisfaction, that your - daughter hrs died of a poison given her by an inmate of this house, lt ia hardly likely that any of the menial section of the household can be conoerncd in the affair, and the housekeeper also is apparently above suspicion. This narrows down our possibilities to two persona.' I paused. He nodded to me to go on, and I continued : 4 Those persons pre Monsieur Ernest, your, nephew, and the other person your secretary.' ' Impossible !' he oried ; 4 Vautrin, the secretary, could have nb possible motive. Ernest would have a motive certainly, but his nature would shrink from such a crime.' 4 We are merely disoussing possibilities,' I returned, slowly, 4 and the realm of such ie, ns you know, a lrrge one* It seems to me, however, that, even assuming one of these men is guilty, it will be impossible to fr *3ten his guilt upon him.' 4 Why? . Surely it is plain enough. You ha/e two men in a house, either of . whom may have administered a poison. How shall you say whioh of those two men it ia ?' 4Ah! yes. It ia a terrible mystery. Mon Dieu ! What is to be done 4 Nothing oan be done, monsieur,' I said, rising, 4 until after the inquest had been held and the post-mortem examination made. Perhaps some little assistance may be gained by suoh inquiry ; but I fear it will be very Vttle. And now, with your permission, I should like" to \ low the body.' 4 He sighed heavily, and rang the be1*. 4 Madamo Blanohe shall aooompany you/ he said ; ' I have not the courage.' 'The housekeeper conducted me to the ohamber where tho unfortunate girl lay, I md, going towards the bad, I lifted the sheet whioh concealed the rigid face. And as I did BO I tktlorci » lOW Cry. 4 By some strange coincidence, the face waa tho image of a certain cousin of my ac- quaintance-a young girl known aa Julie de Meran-who waa studying at the Conserva- toire, with a view to becoming an aotress. It is said that all men and women have somewhere their doubles ; the double of thia dead girl was my cousin julie de Meran. 4 As I gazed on the wonderful'likeness, there rose in my brain a sudden inspiration. It flashed through my mind like lightning, and fascinated me there and then. Going hastily dov. oat airs, after replacing the sheet, I returned to Monsieur Money's room and dosed the door. . Monsieur,* I said, * I have seen the corpse. And the seeing of it has given me a plan.' 4 A plan !' he oried. . * What do. you mean ? A plen of detection ?' 4 Aye. A plan by whioh, if all goes well, confession can be extorted from the oriminal, and justice done on your daughter's as- sassin.' . He came towards me and grasped my hands. . Monsieur Gamier,' he said, in a voice husky with emotion, 1 do this, and you will have earned my everlasting thanks.' . I will oonfide to you my plan,' I Baid, when he had somewhat oalmed himself. 41 warn you, first of all, that it may appear to you theatrical in the first place, and de- secrating to the memory of your daughter in the second plaoe. But I oan think of no other plan, and I leave it entirely to you whethor I shall go through with it or not.' 4 Whatever you suggest,' ho returned, 4 ehdll be done. Let juetioe bo thought of before all else. To!I mo your plan.' 4 It is merdy this,' I said, quietly. 4 When I looked on your daughtor's taoo a moment ago, I was struck by hor resemblance to a cousin of mine-u young aotret s, Milo. Julio do Meran. It ooourred to mo thon and thero that I might proviiil upon hor to como to this ohotoau at midnight in a month's timo, and to impersonate tho spirit of your doparted ohild. Taken to tho apartments of tho suspooted patties, tho guilty ono would surely proolaim his guilt when brought f AGO to fano at that weird hour of midnight with tho phantom, an ho would supposo, of his poor victim. Tho admirion of guilt onoo mudo, all dotu'la tis to tho purpose and mothod if tho orimo oould bo elicited, and taken down by mo from outsido tho ohamber door. Tho plan is a strange ono, but I think it is worth trying, and, moro than that, MonBiour Monoy, I think ono othor thing.' 4 And that is P' he oried, his eycB on fire with excitement.' 41 think,' I roturnod, deliberately, * that it will Buooeod.* 4 Thero was a long panie. Then he spoke and*,tho wordB oame firmly ; I «My friend/ he said, 'the plan fe a ter-.,. ribleone¿and to aid you in it will.be.an ordoal suoh as I have never imagined.. But. flince at the end of it there may be success leay to you, 'Go on with.your scheme, and may Heaven help you to discover tho murderer of my poor little' Gabrielle.' * Discovering the culprit,' I mado answer, « will be . .useless unless we can fasten tho guilt on him, and that is my reason for for'-' mutating, the Btrango scheme, of whioh. I havo told you. However, it is possible that, between now and the next few weeks some other -way of doing justice on ,fhe. murderer viii be found, in wt»ich oase. Of course, my' fantastic proposition wi.1! ba dispensed with.* ' Bo it so,* he made answer, after a pause. « It ia now the 7th of August. If by Sep- tember 7 the mystery ia not oleared up, I will telegraph t3 you, . Come to Villefort,* and yon will understand that the message is your, authority to put your plan into action. * 1 understand/ I. returned ; ' And now let me give you some instructions as to what is to be done in case, I am sent for. In the first plaoe, nobody is to know of my cowmg; and, seoondly, the keys of the doorá of your secretary and nephew must be taken away, so. that .their apartments can , be entered; The slightest obstr/île in our way might upaet the whole affair most completely.' « He. assured me that these poin4": should h^ve his attention, and then we ehook hands and said adieu. * . . « As month passed. At ten a,m. on Sep- tember 7 I received a telegram. It simply said, «Come to. Villefort.* I knew then, that the mystery was still unsolved, and that it remained with me to help to solve it.' « My Cousin Julie took in the whole affair in?mediately, and, so far from refusing her assistance, gladly proffered it when she she realised the importance of the issue at. stake. It therefore came to pass that as the olooka were pealing the hour of midr'.ght on September 7, Julie and myself knocked softly at the house door, and were admitted by Monsieur Monoy. * Come in,' he said, his hands shaking with nervousness whioh he tried to master. Come in, and let us get tbis awful scene over.' « At this moment he oaught sight of Julie, and he reeled. * Merciful Heavens !' he cried ; ' what a resemblance. It is my daughter's living image.' ' Hush !' I cried, fearful lest his voice might disturb the. inmates of the house. « Hush I and let os lose no time. Conduct us first of all to the apartment of your nephew.' * Ah 1' he cried ; * then it 4s him you sus- pect?' * Be good enough monsieur, to wait and see.' * We reached the apartment of Ernest Monoy, and found the door slightly ajar. The room was in drrkness save for the moonlight, which came fitfully through tho blind. Julie, trembling slightly, but thor- oughly ca'm, glided into the room, and touched tho sleeping man on the shoulder. 4 Ho awoke with a low ciy. « Mon Dieu ! It is the apparition of Gabrielle come baok from the grave !* * Yes ; it is I-Gabrielle !' she said, in a low tone ; « I have come back to find who was my murderer.' ' lt is not I !' he said. ' I loved you too well, Gabrielle, to injure you, and since your death I have tried in vain to find your assassin.' 'Itis Well,' she returned,, in the same tone. 'Adieu.' * Monoy fell baok in a fainting condition, and Julie rejoined us. 'Our next step was to go to the room ol the Secretary, Vautrin. Here a terrible scent occurred, for no sooner had the man's gaze fallen upon the midnight visitor, than he jumped from his couch, and shrieked out : * Ah ! God help me, have mercy upon mo ! It is the phantom of Gabrielle oome baok to haunt me since I took her life. Help ! help! help!» 'Becalm,' said Julie, 'and tell mo why you took my lifo.' ' Do you not know r Turn away your eyes that they may not pierce my soul, and I will tell you. That night-that awful night of August 6, do you not remember. I insulted yon, and you swore to tell youl father, on his return, of the insult.' * Foam was on his lips. He wiped it away, and went on, hoarsely : 41 knew that if your father heard of my behaviour, I WAS ruined. My position ¡in this houBe waB destroyed, and-worse than that-my prospects blasted in the future.: A udden thought inspired by the fiend oame to me, and tuat thought said, ' Kill her, and then she oan do you no harm.' , ' Once again he wiped his lips with the sheet. 4 Go on,' said the white-robed figure, ' tell mo all.' 4 All !. There is little more to tell. A year previously, a college friend bad sent me some strychnine for experimental use in connection with a treatise I was writing on ohemistry, and that strychnine lay in my desk unused. Going to the desk, I took the powder and emptied the whole of it into tho milk*jug left by tho servant on the troy outside your room, your oustomury drink in the nights. I flattered myself that doteotion waa out of tho question, for who waB to know that I desirod your removal P and it seemed to mo also that Buapioion would fall on your cousin, who would bonefit by your death.' 4 You havo no moro to say P' asked thc quiet figure at tho bedside. * No more. But, if you would not drive me mad, leave me now, and promise that I you will return no moro. For rather than -î-fc-fe-^-Ä--V ' IJ - ba haunted by you, I swear that I wühl destroy myself at once,_pr surrender myself to the police at daybreak.* « Them is ho need/for either ôf these aota. Monsreur,Va^trW,,,Ur,<Jrie,d9 btómg ifitô' the room, followed by M. Monoy, 4 for the Dolioe will save yon the trouble of giving yourself up. You are my prisoner. -aJxf arcot you in-i^he name c.î ,the Republic ott Sour own confession of the wilt cl murder o? Eader&ojjs;^o' Gtob^en^M^oy*.*. ' ( 'Î * He tried to speak, "bat wore*! failed him. His jaw dropped, his eyes storied from h?i| head ; .if:,ever hopeless despair wa3 written^ in jftjj^Qn's^facej'it was '.w^tíjáü^'in hu)Ja<$ then. He made no resistance when I hand-"1 cuffed him, and submitted to being led away to the police depot without a word.. .,,( ? 4 His confession, taken down by me, and, witnessed by "Julie and Monsieo^'MohoyiV was duly brought np at his trial, and he was,., of. opurB.e, found guilty. Ho went to the guillotino, probably the firBt man in the his«1 tory, of orime whose confession of guilt had'I been extraoted by suoh means aa I have re- lated/and whioh mèànB, I claim, werevthe result of the imaginative instinct which is-: essential to the success of the detective of to-day.' 