[?] Short Story. j The Minister's Ghost i Story. ?*-Jood-BigIit, bairns! M'lvor, see that they a' sang to bed at a reasonable boor, and dinna sit up late vessel'. The mom's the Fast Day, mind, and ye' re to preach.' With these words the Rer. Dusrald M'Klimon took his candle, and beamed ronndL on the company. ' G«od - night sir ! Good - night, father I' they responded, with much deference. ' No, we won't stay up late.' The door closed, and the old gentle man's footsteps weife heard ascending tne stairs. ** Now. Mr. M'lvor.' said one of the Xirls. eagerly, ' remember yonr pro mise.' 'Certainly, Miss Janet.' answered the ST«nt1ea-an. rising with much gravity. '*I intend to sit a few minutes later my self, but I promised to see the rest of yon off. I am glad,' he continued, pro ceeding to light the candles. ' that Miss Janet should be the one to call me to a sense of ? * 'Fiddlesticks.' said Janet a tall. f»right-faced girl in a dress of soft crimson, which suited her admirably. She was sitting on a low stool before the fire, trying to shield her flashed sheets from the blaze with a Huge crimson Japanese fan. ' Don't be a humbug. Mr. M'Iror : you know what I mean— that ghost story you promised to tell us.' ' Do tell it Mr. M'lvor !» ' Fd rather hear about pirates.' said Bobby M'Kinnon, a schoolboy of 12. '* Ghosts are snch awful rot' ' Then yon can go to bed.' retorted Janet TU do nothing of the kind.' said Bobby, much insulted. 'Go to bed yourself.' ** Yon may remain if you behave your self,' said Janet, surveying him calmly. ''Mr. Mivor. I shan't leave the room ?mtll yon have told that story.' 'fa -It the will of the company that their young blood be frozen and curdled In darkness ? It is a real ghost, remem ber.' ? 'How delldons,' mnrmnred one of the girls. ' Very welL Don't blame me if yon «an*t «leep to-night' He extinguished the lamp as he spoke and resumed his seat The firelight played on his dark face, and he looked with bis spare form, thin, keen features, and great hollow eyes like a Romish priest worn ont with fasting and ftenance. There was a pause, during which the company sat silent and expectant' ana ♦he yonng minister gazed at the fire as ir fascinated by something he «aw there. At last he drew a long breath. ' You know what second sight is,' he l»e/ran. turning his melaneholr eyes on Joey Keith, the girl who thought real ghosts delicious. She shuddered slightly. ' I possess that doubtful gift.' he went ?n in a quiet, serious voice. ' Appari tions, ghostly comas, shadows of runerate— all these things I have seen, often, in my own parish. Many times T have heard the tapping of hammers «nd sawing of wood in the carpenter's ?hop after hit; day's work was done, telling that death was coming. Three flight* before a death the sounds are fi*ard— it never fails.' The sneaker paused, and his audience shivered and *at :i Hrtlo closer. 'It 5s just a year since I went to preach for Alexander of Barnstrae. Tin-m is nothing .it all suggestive of the wiitornatural about either him or his wife, but the, manse was big and eerie. f«H of draughty corridors and wide *f.-» incases. It had been an old mansion, anrt rliore was a story connected with It. Alexandra said, hut he would aot tell It that' night. Wo sat talking over old r«II«»»» days, ho and I. until lone nast midnight. Then we lit our candles, and Alexander led the way to my room, f shonld have had difficulty in finding the way myself, for it was np a wide utairease and along a corridor with a . nnmber of doors on either side. I trod jmtftly. fearing to disturb the household. Ifcnt Alexander assured me the caution «ras nnneceesarr. I was alone in that part of the house. I -am not a nervous man. but I should have preferred one or twi neighbours. Mf room xras at the very end of the corridor— a cheerful apartment by day. when the sun shone In. b«t at that hour, with the moonlight casting strange shadows on everything. ft was eerie. 'I said good-night to my host and retired to my rest when I had convinced «ny«elf that a certain suspicious-looking shadow on the lawn was, caused by a tree. I was not A all sleepy ; so after \- a time I cat up. Ht tiie candle that stoofl -w a email taWe by the bedside, and began to iooK over my sermon, xnen i selected the Psalms to be sung, and had }ust fixed on three, when I felt a sudden rush of cold air. and looked np. As surely as I am sitting here— as enrely as you are listening ? ' Ian M'lvor raised his hand impres sively and looked round with an nn earthly light in his eyes. 'The door opened slowly, and a woman glided In' Joey Keith shrieked and hid her face on Janet's shoulder. 'I thought I had locked the door; bot evidently I was mistaken, and I concluded that this was one of the maids walking in her sleep. I lay back on my pillows and watched the intruder, hardly daring to breathe lest she should turn and see me. /or the thought of her suddenly waking and finding herself in my room was em barrassing. Then in a moment the truth flashed upon me. for in the dear moonlight I saw her plainly. I had drawn up the blind : and while my bed was in shadow, by the window It was almost as light as day. This was no servant Her long, beautiful hair was unbound, rippling in golden waves below her waist Her dress was loose and flowing, of some shimmering white stuff— it minded me of 'White, samite, mystic, wonderful.* Once she turned her face towards me— a beautiful face, but pale and drawn with angnish. and the eyes wide with horror. I fried to more or speak, but limbs and tougue were paralysed. She moaned piteously and wrung .her hands : then, to my horror, glided to the window and threw It open with a terrible cry. There was an answering cry— the wailing of a little child outside. The woman threw out her arms with a despairing gesture, and the loose sleeves fell back, disclosing their exquisite shapeliness. She would have flung herself from the window, but was held back— the horror of it— by a baud. I saw it distinctly, and a shadowy arm, nothing else. I think I realised then something of what Bel shazzar must have felt when he saw the fingens that wrote— mene. tekel. up harsin ' Then the moon went under a cloud' — and lante voice sunk to a whisper — 'I saw that my candle was burning with a blue flame. My hair stood on end. I would have given all I possessed to find myself in the study downstairs, but I could neither move band nor foot, and if I could, who knows what I might nave «een in that long corridor. Those empty rooms— I- dared not pass them ! I lay back helplessly watching that tragedy of bygone days. 'There was another awful cry, and again there came the pitiful wailing from outside, fainter than before, and dying away in the distance. To this flay, when I read of Rachel mourning for her children. Jfcat cry rings in my ears. There seemed to be a struggle, the window was forcibly closed, the 'woman sank on the floor with hands clasped and the beautiful face upturned in agony. Then the moon shone out and slowly the vision faded.' There was a long silence when Ian had finished speaking. Then Janet spoke. ' Who was«he ? What was her story Mr. M'lver T 'Alexander told me the story nest day. Margaret Elliot of Barastrae, a beautiful and high-spirited girl, fell in love with and secretly married her Jirother's tutor. When the marriage was discovered he was in Edinburgh preparing a home for his wife, and on his return there was a terrible scene, for Mrs. Elliot was anotiier Lady Ash ton. She told him that Jus wife had been sent t© a French convent, and the poor fellow, mad with grief, went abroad in search of her. It was a false hood, of course. Margaret never left her mother's house alive. Her little child was taken away one night, and Margaret in despair tried to throw herself from the windowlof that very .room I slept in. She. died soon after'of a broken heart. ft all hap pened long ago— last century. I believe.' 'Poor girJ.' said Joey, softly. - 'I liked that bit about the candle burning blue.' said Janet pensively ; it made me creep.' 'I should like to see a ghost' said Bobby. 'Hush V said Ivor, holding np a warning hand. ' What is that ?' Pit-pat, pit-pat, came the sound of soft footsteps on the stair. The girls Sooted at each other fearfully, and Bobby turned very pale. Ian grasped the poker wSUi one hand and Oirew his other arm protectingly round Janet Pit-pat pit-pat It was coming nearer. Bang ! Joey screamed, and fell fainting In Ian's arms. He rose, gently deposited her on the couch, and opened the door. Something flew past with a wild crv Bobby howled, thinking his hour was come. 'Who Is that?' -Ian demanded, sternly. 'M'lvor, Is that yon ?' said a quaver Ing voice from the darkness. ~ Angels and ministers or jrrace de fend us ! a Itarht. I«a. oolck V ex claimed Ivor, bending over a heat* at the foot of the stairs. Ian dropped the poker and struck a light and Janet followed him into the passage. 'OhT she ejaculated in dismay It was the Rev. Dougald M'Kinnon, m nig&tcap; and dressing-gown, with an extinguished taper in one hand, a stick to the other, and a large japanned tea tray on the top of him. They helped the old gentleman to his feet, and took him into the room to recover. ' I'm aB right, balms,' he said, when he had been revived with a mouthful of whisky. 'Whatever brought you downstairs father 7' asked Janet, hovering over him affectionately with the bottle. 'I heard voices, my dear, and thought it was burglars. Then, when I got to the foot of the stair I tripped on the cat and knocked over the trar.' 'The cat! That accounts* for the awful yell,' said Ian. ' I didn't know Whether it was Bobby or the ghost' ' Where is Bobby ?' said Janet, Hook ing round. ' Joey. dear, wake up ! The ghost is having some whisky, and yon had better have some' too.' 'Ghost!' repeated M'Kinnon. I wonder ye havena mair sense. Janet. Eh ! What- that ? There's a man behind the curtain. MTvor.' exclaimed the old gentleman, pointing with great excitement to the crimson damask, which appeared to be much agitated. 'There is tome one there.' replied Ian. deliberately rising and going to the window. There was a howl from behind the curtain as he proceeded to unmask the ruffian. It was the variant Bobby, crouched In a corner, with his fingers In his ears. ' Bobby ! What d'ye mean by sic like cantrips T' demanded 'his father, in dignantly. Bobby exclaimed with a scarlet coun tenance that he thought it was one of Mr. M*Ivor*s coffins, and that he felt a natural reluctance to occupy it pre maturely. 'Coffins! The Saddle's dreaming.' said the oJd (gentleman, scandalised. ' What way are ye no in bed. Bobby ?n 'I congnttnljrte yon on the success of your story. Mr. M'lvor.' said Janet. ' You have frightened everybodv Into fits.' 'I wonder at ye, M'lvor. and the | morn the Fast Day.' said the old minis- ' ter. in a. tone of mild reproach. j 'They would have it. sir.' said Ian, apologetically. 'Never mind, father.' }said Janet, saucily. ' we'll do penance to-morrow — we'll all go twice to church.' 4 'Ye've mueWe need.' was the dry response. ''M'lvor. light the candles — Til see ye a' oot this time.' Ian obeyed, and the procession j formed and filed out of the room, headed by the old gentleman and Bobby— the latter much subdued. I 'We only want surplices to look like a procession of priests and acolytes.' said Janet laughingly. ' Don't you feel like one. Ian T ' Not I,' he replied, promptly. ' I ?wouldn't be a Roman Catholic priest under ? existing circumstances' — he looked at Janet — 'for -'any considera tion.' Janet turned round impatiently. . ' O-ome along. Joey. it*« time you were in bed w-Ith that white face. Mr. M'lvor, I hope we shan't dream of the jrolden-haired Margaret' 'I hope not. Miss Janet.' he replied, with a smile. ' Good-night Miss Joey** — then in a lower tone — ' the lady 'of my dreams will not have golden tresses.' It would have been unreasonable to complain just then of Miss Keith's lack of colour. ? ' Good- night. Mr. M'lvor.' she miitl. with a sudden, lovely smile. *' I shall never, as long as I live, forget this night, or your story, or ? ' 'Or what Miss Joey? No. not till you finish your sentence !' for she was trying to regain possession of her band. She looked round. half-frightcnedJ They were quite alone on the landing. ' Oi ? ' !' The ' Is were hardly audible. ' Joey :'' But Joey had vanished.— By J. Strong, in the ' People's Friend.' 