' ''AN OPEN LETTER TO 'TATTERSALL,' ALIAS GEORGE ADAMS. ' (WO. XXX.) CONCERNING CERTAIN CROOK CAPERS CONNECTED WITH THE DRAWING OF, fUE CELEBRATED ST. ALBANS LOTTERY. ? Tatt. : Having given you a week to recover from the broadside I poured into the battered old bulk of your cronk sweep concern, I proceed to 'fire another volley,' as the Salva tionists say. This' I do in parr snance of a promise made in my 1 first Open Letter to you in Tarns of February 19th last, in -which I told ? yon that lxi' another issue, at an' early date, Til 'deal', further with Mr. 'Tattersall' regarding the real and alleged destination of aome of his Sweep prizes, and the out* rageously excessive charges-levied on prize winners, together, with a few pertinent references to the St. ' Albans Lottery drawing. The first part of that promise I have ! fulfilled by publishing columns of letters from raliable correspondents concerning your shady, shifty sweep : dealings with'; them and others, and by my Open Letter (No. II) to you in last Sunday's issue. You tried to circumvent ' me by your circular, * ' With Tattersall's compliments,' but the dodge did notjand will not work. * ? ? The public believe and trust Troth end disbelieve and - distrust ' Tatter gall,' as the partial failure of each of your succeeding consultations shows. You can't get a 25,000 sweep fully' subscribed vow. Time was when you ootid m&ily; fill four big sweeps on the Bamfe-^raCe. ' Now- you can't fill one, and feel incky if you succeed in get ' * ting subscriptions for a third of the ; amount, or even one fourth. Your colossal consultation confidence con j-ft' arn is rr.pidly ' going bung,' because yoa have lost the public -confidence, -without t. hich snch 'joints'. as yours |jSiv -won't 'wovk. I replied to your cock ears oircalar challenge by inviting yoaio pliink-lown your -£1000 with ^ ' .''Sir Geoige Dibbs, when I 'undertook £ to prove you to be 'the 'bluffing fraud i^iand^braKen-f aced liar that you really. Neither. jour £10,00 nor a -writ &C; -if or Libel is' forthcoming. Why,? [BphfepjBefcause you are cronk . . , and gtigmatised to-day by youT oivn ^^f'iJslfrackno-B'l^dgment, the cronkest Bgjiyifcodk-of this continent.' That's part' Bfgp^ii what 1 told you in. my last Letter, and it's what I repeat in this. | Therein lies the reason for the sudden I collkpse of your huge confidence joint, and tlio explanation of yonr not daringtogetinto legal 'holts' withme. Indeed, a Law Court is the last place in the world where ' Tatterpall' would care to tackle Truth, because, as I said in my first Open Letter to you — You can't bluff or bribe me out of criticising your Sweep racket as you have practically done with the whole Australian press, nor bully me into a recantation, as you virtually did the 'Bulletin,' by threatening a libel action over a very slight blunder inad vertently committed by the '-Bulletin' in an attempt to conscientiously criticise tlie manner of conducting your consultations. I now step into the' breach, and thence I can t be dislodged by a wholf bombardment of writs for libel. I'm embastioued behind truth and backed up by public opinion, and if attacked with Libel writs, will reply with such a murderous mitraille of red;hot shot and shell, in the shape of facts and figures, names and dates, as will overwhelm my assailants and their precious consultation sweeps in hideous confusion and ruin. Those were my sentiments then, they are my sentiments now. Why do I reiterate them ? I'll tell you. ? ? ? I am credibly informed, and verily believe, that vou and vour St. Albans Lottery crony, the 'Hon' W. B. Wilson, of Victoria, h^ve put your he^ds together and resolved 'to go for that b ? Norton,' if I dare to tell the public the truth abont the St. Albans Lottery drawing. On good authority it is stated that you two have entered, into a compact to spend between you a cool couple of thousand pounds to smash me up by badgering and bouncing mo with two seperate and several writs for libel. Well, considering the enormous sums in hard cash which you both respec tively scooped out of the sotorions St. Albans gamble, you can easily afford the luxury of making asses of your 'selves in that way or any other way which your vulvar, bumptious, impu dent vanity seems to prompt. I would welcome, in the public interest, such a writ from either or both of yon. But, beware, lest I metaphorically bash out tho brains of both of you against the Jury-box. Most' jurymen have had a taste of ' Tattersall,' and it has left a nasty flavor behind : few there be who have not heard some thing about the St. Albans Lottery, and who would not like to hear a little more if only to enable them to come to a righteous decision as to the doings at the drawing, which I'm about to describe. Besides, Jack Want will probably be back next month or early in May, when yon could retain him as leading counsel, that is pro vided he iB not, as reported, a partner as well as a pal ef yours — a current rumor which I can scarcely credit. In any case, writ or no writ, Want or no Want, I intend* not only to continue to tell the public the truth about your Cash. Consultation capers, but also about this St. Albans Lottery draw ing, until I either reform ^ou or writ - you out of existence : Til either mend or end you. So now ' Prepare to re ceive boarders,' ss they say in the Queen's nayee. ? # * Before I. lug this awful St. Albans bnsiness into the full light of day, I would like to say a word or two about another aud prior lottery afiair^in which you were chiefly concerned ; it will prepare the public for what is to follow.. It is some considerable time now since y6u worked off a property distribution , So that a certain amount of difficulty is inevitably experienced in collecting the evidence and formu lating the indictment. I think, how ever, that I have sufficent facts to show, that like yonr Cash Consulta tion capers, your Lottery tricks are as strong'AB fresh mustard. Do you re member, my dear Mr. ' Tattersall ' — ? of course you remember — the Van Dieman's Land Bank Property Dis tribution? Yon (mnst remember it, and admit that it was a barefaced Mar-down deliberately devised for the ?recise purpose of rehabilitating a asmanian Bank that u went bung ' because of the rascally robberies of its Directors. (There's matter enough for a-. Libel writ here.) Well, you know or onght to have known, because their thieyings wej'e public property at the time, how they had directly and in directly, advanced td thomselves. and relations the funds of the Bank, and how they thus involved in the Bank's ruin hundreds of helpless widows and. orphans whose U[e savings and pro vision were stolen from them by the criminal carelessness of the Van Dieman's Land Bank Directors. Try and recall how the rotten and corrupt Government of the little bank rupt, tinpot Tory State of Van-Lagdom (who want to come into the Federal Union on equal terms with tho rich and prosperous Dew South Wales in order that her quarter of a mil lion of untaxable paupers jnay rob our one million and a half of effec tive taxpayers !) stifled by threats and bribes ail attempts at public criticism of that ruffianly 'ramp,' and then sought your aid to straighten matters out. You must recollect all about that infamous bank-boodle, so that I need not recapitulate tho fuels. Suffice it to say, 'Tattersall' was called on, and you went in. . Beyond playing the part of a complacent tool — desirous of placating the poverty-stricken political powers of Van Lagdom, witli a view to your being psrmitted to carry on your Sweep game in your own sweet, way — you were probably* not re sponsible for tho thieving values placed on tho wreckage of the Van Dieman's Land Bank. But you allowed your name to be used, which, at that time (Truth had not then takeu you in hand) inspired sufficient confidence to lure the outside public not ' in the know,' to invest. ' They invested, and the result of their in vestment was much weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth. You, of course, wera not responsible ; you could, and did, complacently wash yonr hands of the whole malodorous affair. So, enough, for thj nonce, about thSt Van Lasdom 'ramp' — ? let's on to St. Albans. ? ? ? ? It was left to tho St. Albans affair to be an easy 'first in lottery tear downs. Tho estata'was, aud, strange to say, is yet, owned by your pal, Mr. W. R. Wilson — a great friend of ' Tattersall's.' Adams ;and Wilson ! — a trnly strong combination, a veri table family party, .and not a flat in the whole concern. The scheme was heralded forth by a perfect tornado of high-falutin puffs in the complaisant ' nobbled ' press. The press in Tasmania, as in New South Wales, is almost invariably the chief aider and abettor in captnriifg the confi dence of the public for cronlc concerns. This done, you, the immaculate Mr. 'Tattersall,' proceeded to ropB the public in by scattering the following circular (you're damned strong in circulars) broadcast throughout Aus tralia : — In placing this property before the public, George Adams desires to say no more bona fide venture has ever been offered. ? . ? Mr. Wilson has reluctantly (very reluc tantly, ha ha, ha ! ! !) agreed to submit it, his time being entirely occupied with other pursuits. . . . his (Wilson's) well known (yes, very well-known) and justly deserved (most juatly-descrved) character for fair-dealing (Ump?) is sufficient (perhaps) to dispel any doubts (???) as to tho figures submitted or the descriptions given,' etc., etc. Now, George Adams, I've fairly got you with a good tight grip by the wool. As Cromwell, licr^med in between the sea and the hills at Dunbar, ex claimed, when he saw the Scots moving down from the heights to attack him in the plain, ' The Lord hath delivered them into our hands !' So said I of you and your Wilson St. Albans joint when I re-read this precious circular-puff of yours. Como on, now, and analyse it with me ; no smrKing, ana let us see wnat is tue real worth of your guarantee to the public as quoted above. It's not a pleasant thing to have to swallow i one's own words, and when such words are false, they are doubly un palatable. Never mind, I'll make yon eat the leek; figuratively speaking, I'll poke it down your throat, as Fluellin did with Pistol, in full public gaze. When I've done with you aud the St. Albans Lottery biz., you can go to Dante at your own Palace Theatre, and ask that pre-eminent prestidigitateur if he could turn you inside out more completely than I have done. Now, attention, while I pile up a few facts and figures culled from your own cirpular, and then you and pal Wilson can como along and crash and smash me np with your combined writs for libel. ? # ? You say: 'No more bona-fide ?venture has ever been offered.' Very well. Then you assert that W. ft. Wilson ' has a justly deserved character jf or fair-dealing' — all right, we'll sample his ' dealings ' later on. Finally, you declare that there can be no doubts as ' to the figures submitted or the descriptions given.' You wait a bit; we'll see all aboat that, Mr. ' Tattersall.' All I want you and the public to be&r; in mind is that the above aro specimens of the 'fairy- tales' by which you wheedled the money out of the pockets of a gullible and gulled* public, which talcs I'll prove here, now, in this letter to be deliberate lies baBed on boodle of the basest brand. You and your 'fair- dealing ' friend Wilson issued a pros pectus for this St. Albans Lottery, in which you valued the whole concern at £125,000. You announced 130 prizes^ (No. I prize being the estate itself, valued at £70,000), tho Prize List reading as follows 1 Lot St Alban's Estate. 6 Lots Stallions. 66 Lots Brood Mares. 19 Lots Racehorses. 9 Lots Yearlings. ' 31 Lots Foals. 17 Lots Draught Horses. 1 Lot Coach Horse. 1 Lot Drag. 1 Lot Buggy. 1 Lot Cart. ?v 1 Lot Cows. 1 Lot Sheep. 1 Lot Carry-all. 1 Lot Mare (dead). Total number of Lots 130. This shows 120 Ijlood horses, one estate, and nine sundry lots, that you told the public was the most bona-fide venture that you had ever handled., Well, all I can say is that if this was the most honest of your transactions up to that time, it does not speak much for the honesty of your previous; 'ventures.' Just give me your closest attention while I endeavor to make this fact plain to you and to the public. ? ? ? 'You and your crowd valued' the St. Albans concern at £125,000, concern ing which valuation yon claim that your combined characters for 'fair- dealing ' were sufficient to dispel any doubts. By the great Jupiter and his thunder, your impudent unveracity is only excelled by your insolent audacity. You have tho thickest and toughest immoral bide of any bipedal pachyderm I have over encountered ! From time to time you publicly notified through the subservient self-sold press that tho shares in the St. Albans Lottery were 'selling like hot cakes;' in fact that the demand tor tickets was so great, that you and your very correct and clean coadjutors wore being fairly taken off your feet. Presumably, for the purpose oE allaying your pertur bation by checking the public ot-rusli you issued a Special Announcement to the effect that all applica tions received too' late for shares in the St. Albans Lottery would be ' put in' the Melbourne Cup sweep. But, lo and behold, one fine morning it leaked out that yonr ' fair dealing' chum WILSON had secured 23,000 tickets in your Lottery of his own property ! . Naturally, this came as a somewhat shocking surprise to a confiding and cruelly choused community. The St. Albuns Lottery shareholders commenced cud gelling their brains for an explanation o£ this coup. They were perplexed and puzzled to know whether you, George ' Tattersall ' Adams, after persuading your ' fair-dealing ' chum Wi sou to ' reluctantly ' clear out oij St. Albans, had for some mysterious purpose, by an equally mysterious process of ratiocination, persuaded him to as ' reluctantly' try and get back again ? Just here, permit me to digress to do homage to what, for want of a better name, ? I cail Chum Wilson's ' moral courage,' in taking these 23,000 shares in his own name. It is almost admirable in its audacity ; it is a coup de jeu quite Napoleonesque. Wily as the ' fair dealing' Wilson uudoubteily is, the ;dea of such a coup could not have originated even in bis crafty cranium. Its origin is easily traceable. He collared it from ' Tattersall,' than whom none know better from experience that Sweep Promoters do at times have to take a number of tickets themselves in order to fill np a sweep. Of course, some con venient 'dummy' friend or employee is found in whose name the tickets are entered or booked, and who are made as mum as oysters (so long as they are in the sweep-promoter's employ, but no longer) by a good 'screw' or an oc casional handsome douceur . That's the way it's done, dontcherknow, Mr. George ' Tattersall ' Adams 7 Of course you do ; but the public don't, or didn't. Now they do, and that's where it mtike3 all the difference to — ' Tattersall. 'ylt'a a pity that sucli a 'lurk' should be 'narked,' It prevented the public saying nasty things when a big, fat prize was 'copped-out' by one of these ' dummy '-held ' tickets, ' didn't it George ? But then you see I'm as dead a ' nark' of such cunning capers as my dog Barney is of the slyest 'sewer-rat, once he gets on the seeiij. So you can't blame me, canyoii George ? I only follow my journalistic instincts in unearthing and killing human vermin, such as putrid politicians, prurient parsons, and spurious sports, even as Barney goes for rats. So you'll excuse me, won't you George ? If you won't, well you can do the next best thing, come along with your writ and bring Wilson and ms writ with you. * * * Before we advance further on St Albans, permit me to inquire, merely in a reminiscent, ruminatory sort of way, how many ' fill-up '' shares you, your friends, and employees have had, and how many prizes, big and little, you have 'closed on ?' during your long and prosperous career as Sweep-Promoter ? But you dare not answer. It' surely would never doj while these letters of mine are ex citing the indignation and scorn of an outraged public against you from one end of the Continent to the other, not to fill up yonr sweeps. It wonld look as if tjje confidence of the publij were on the wane. See and fill them all up, George, or, by gum, yon soon 'go bung' with a horrible ' bust.' A £1 ticket only costs you 18s., 'so that you can play at the ' fill 'em np ' at 2 bob a sob less than the public, with all the odds and ' inner workings '' in your favor. Fill 'em up ; if you don't the public won't forvmuch longer, as they art themselves fnll'up of you and your sweep swindles. i * ? ? Well, the famous St. Albans Lottery closed and was dnly drawn.' Then, ' Tattersall ' got in some really very fine work. For many years before this, j you had been drawing your sweeps in one certain way. Bat that way was not good enough for the gilt-edged St. Albans racket, and so you rung in a new- and splendid performance. Had Dante the Juggler been at your theatre prior to the St. Albans draw I would have suspected him of coaching you up in the weird, wonderful combination which you readied-np for this Lottery. During my recent visit to Brisbane I enquired of many people professing to know how the St. Albans Lottery was really drawn. While no two could agree-as to details, all were satisfied that arrangement was a masterpiece of the mystifyer s art — the deftness of your self and assistants puzzled and para lysed all on-lookerns not in the swim. Your modus operandi is worth des cribing, if that can be done, and as I'll en%»vor to do, * ' * .♦ You divided the total number of share holders in the St. - Alban's Lottery into sections of 25,000; allotting to each section a certain nnmber of prizes. And then, .as if to add to the mystery of this part of the performance, yon used only 25,000 marbles. . After the first lot .of prizes - were, drawn, ybu returned the same 25,000 marbles' to the barrel, sorted out a fresh lot of prizes, And thus drew again and again nntil ail the prizes were ex hausted. The surprise of the on-looker (who didn't understand the game) when they saw marble No. 3,500 suddenly \ I metamorphosed into No. 28,500 must liava been a source oF great amusement to yourself, pal Wilson and other bosom friends — who did understand the game. Let me just here work out what this cutting-up and juggling with the num bers might lead itself to in the hands of unscrupulous persons. You let your chum Wilson have 23,000 shares. You cut tho total number of shares up for drawing pur poses into sections or lots of 25,000. Therefore, of oue lot your' fair- dealing '' frieud Wilson had 23-2aths ; that is to say, his chance was 23 to 2 of drawing every prize in one lot. As a matter of fact, the 'fair-dealing' Wilson did, most mar vellously manage to draw no less than 17 prizes, including that plum, 'Bill of Portland,' sire of ' the mighty ' Bobadil.' Whether the Estate it self was also put in this particular lot in which the 'fair-dealing ' Wilson hooked those seventeen prizes, I'm not sure, so won't say. Now why did not you and your ' fair-dealing ' friend go the whole hog, and put the Estate and a few other prizes in one Jot, and Jet the ' fair- dealing ' Wilson's 23,000 shares draw that particular lot ? Had you done that the ' fair-dealing ' Wilson might have 'collared Kitty' — 3cooped the pool. W as this just a leetle bit too strong ; or was it that neither you ndr your ' fair-dealing ' friend thought of it at the time ? What a pity : what an opportunity lost of winning everything from everybody — bir the ' fairdeal ing' Wilson himself. Again, under any circumstances, the Estate was put iu one oE the 2-5,000 lots, say No. 1 lot. Any oue shareholder out of 25,000 (provided it was not in Wilson's lot) had a 1 in 25,000 charicj of drawing 1st Prize ; but once it was drawn, what interest had tin other 100,000 shareholders in it ? Absolutely none whatever. They could not possibly draw it, as it was already disposed of. Every holder of a share in the St. Albaus Lottery had an undoubted legal and moral right to an honest draw for every one of the prizes, but your brand-new hanky-panky system of drawing in sections ' crnelled' thnr chances, and diddled them ont of their rights. I don't hesitate to ospress my opinion that this new fangled ' draw '' of yours was deli berately designed in the interests of your 'fair-dealing' friends, and for that reason I denounce it as a swindle. Can you wonder then that ' Tatter satt's ' clients, as well as the general public, throughout Australia, pro tested and denounced the whole business as a gigantic job ? They were choused, chiselled and cheated ; but your press pals remained loyal to you aud your advertisements. Don't you recollect how one of your subsi dised news pap-jr apologists tried to put you right with the public by declaring, ' the modus operandi adopted by Mr. Adams, was, it se;ms, taken exception to by many who were not clear-brained enough to grasp the thing properly.' For cool cheek that takes tho cake. Why, it was pre cisely because they did ' grasp the thing properly' that they 'took ex ception' to your system of drawing. And you yourself have by your actions since that memorable drawing furnished its strongest condemnation. For if the system was right and good for the St. Albans subscribers, why have you never resorted to it sincei ? Why did you discard it iustanter like a hot cinder? If it was all that you and . your ' fair-dealing ' frionds and press-apologists claimed for it, why was it utilised for one per formance only ? Ah, but what a one performance that was ! It was a real ' Tattersallian ' beauty, too good to be ropeated. You got through tho draw, and then the real fun of this St. Albans circus began in earnest. I find that the £70,000 estate is bought by the ' fair-dealing ' Wilson for £25,200 ; 73 lots of hftrses bring £12,264, an average of £1(38 each. This leaves 57 horses unsold. Assume that they sold privately, or that they were worth as much as those dis posed of, and we have 57 at £168 eaob, qiaking £9576 for the lot, or a total of £21,840 for blood stock. The other eight sundry lots, buggy, etc., may stand valued at £150 each, or £1200 for the eight lots. And I thus find that the whole box of tS-icks of this blatantly-boomed ' bona Jide ' venture, minus the ' fair-dealing ' W. R. Wilson's parcel, realises '£48,240 — call it, in round figures, £50,000 ! In other words, and figura tively speaking, 10 minutes after you and your 'fair- dealing' friend, W. B.. Wilson, sold this bona fide venture ] to a fat-headed public made up mostly of flats, for £130,000, we see it thus turned over for £50,000 ! In this way the 'Tattersall '-Wilson combine whack-up. exclusive of whatever sum they paid for tickets, the modest sum of £75,000 ! Now let me ask you, Mr. George ' Tattersall ' Land -Lottery- and- Cash- Consultation-Sweep- Promoter Adams if this is your idea of a ' bona fide venture'; is this a sample of your ' fair-deaiing ?' In your St. Albans propectus, you protested to tho public that no fairer deal had ever been put before them. What is your word worth in the face of these disclosures ! I tell you now, and challenge contra diction before a Judge and Jury of our fellow countrymen, that your word concerning the cronk concerns which ?you have run -and are still running is not worth a pinch of — snuff ! If the St. Albans fake is your idea of a fair deal, by. Spieler's ghost I'd like to havf, your ideas on a crooked deal — they would be as amusing and instructive as Fagin, the thief-maker's instruc tions to his pnpils in ' Oliver Tw/st.' I've now 11 blown the gaff' on this St. Albaus biz. ; and already told you that your Sweep business is not straight, and that gross swindling has taken place, and i^hat you are in . pos session of public prize monies;, 'that: you are not entitled to have ot- to hold. Yet you continue to pose as an honest man, and publicly advertise that you arj running a straight busi ness. I repeat that you are not run ning a straight business. You are coining money by one of the cronkest, crookedest businesses that I have ever burst up, and that's saying a good deal for your concern. Some of tho money you have made by your S .veeps you are entitled to, but much that you have made has been made in a maimer that no honest man could morally justify or conscientiously countenance. I've been warned. that. 'Tattersall' will crush me for my expose of his doings. ' Tattersall ' be damned. He's tho, wrong-doer, not I. Come on with your Libel writs, and let your whole business be laid bare and justi fied in a Court of Law ; nothing else will restore public confidence in ' Tat tersall.' Unless that is done you must ' go bung.' Perhaps you think that by remaining silent you can silence mo ; or. that you can reeapturo public confidence by ' cronk' circu lars containing bogus challenges pub lished in every Australian newspaper. But that won't help you much, as your fast - failing business conclusively proves. You . fancy that the public will soon forget how you have ' rooked ' them ; or that there are as many flaws in your business armor as thjre are bugs in a prison blanket. Your fancy is vain. The public won t forget — my pen shall con tinue to remind them. So, you see, that unless you can wipe me out with a writ for Libol your business is in a very bad way. I'm the Sentinel on the ramparts watching aud signalling your every move. Takj my word for it, ' Tattersall,' you're in a tight corner. Believe me when I tell that until your sweep methods are reformed, until you disgorge what does not belong to you. until you give the public a square and honest deal all round, I'm at you every time and all the time, aud when I've done with you you'll be done iumoro senses than one, and then — may tho Lord have mercy on your soul, will be tho prayer of Yours, Still on the job, JOHN NORTON.' Saturday, All Fools' Day, 1899. 