THE STRIKE OF TILLIH SLAT£R. u; t I , —SEiHie-SIater"often saia «ie was Ivorklag • WJ r uer h™. lingers fine^s to tae the Done, boro put nv„f nfthndv nobody eeemed to.care. . Tillie's sister Alice was the "fashionable" dressmaker in Boseberry Row, and Tfflle was her a&tstant; * She cut buttonholes, sewed straight seams' 011 the maehine, pulled out basting.threads,-, helped to cook the meals, washed dishes, swept floors and read the news to her brother Geoffrey. There bad been a time when the Slater girls had looked upon Geoffrey as a helper and a protector in the struggle with poverty/which was the only legacy their parents had left them. But that was before the accident on the new school boose, where be- was . working. After that his arms were limp and lifeless, his back was bent, and bis eyes were bad, and the poor boy, with the hope and strength of "his- seventeen years all blighted, because nothing but a burden to bis faithfalsifiters. .. There were a good many times when Tilfe worked herself into the belief that she was a martyr. Tlfenshesecretly rebelled against the hardhess of lifer lot;- but, with the exception of commenting on the, condition of her-finger tips, she considerately" refrained from complaining in Alice's presence. But when they took the baby to raise she felt that she was justified in open rebellion. • 'It's it downright sliame," she cried out, bitterly, when Alice brought the little feilow home with her from the funeral and announced her intention of keeping him. "1 declare, I won't put up with it. Jnst as-if we ;haven't had a hard enough time already without thie bappenlng. It's been nothing but.work, work, all my life. Pve never had time nor the -money to go to places, and do things like.other gills. Tve never said anything about how. I felt» for I supposed you and Goeff rey .were suffering Just as much as I did. • But when it comes to saddling "ourselves with other people's children, I won't stand it." "But he's our own nephew," . pei-slsted Alice, gently. "Our own. sister's child. Just before Clara went she called me in and asked me to t^ike him and bring him np, and I've got to do it. Remember, he is an orphan as well as ourselves, Tillie. If we don't care for him, who will?"' "I don't lmo'w," said Tillie, stiffly. "I suppose you can pst him in an asylum or an institution. That is where other babies go when their fathers and mothers die, and he's no better than-the rest of them. There's pne thing sure,we can't have him. One mfere mouth to. feed and one more body to clothe nieaiis a good deal to poor folks like us.. And .we need so many things now, too. Besides, who's going to take care of him? A two-year-old babycan't very well shift for himself." "Yes,. I know,". .returned Alice. "I thought you could take him out for an airing sometimes and look after him a little nights and mornings. Geoffrey and I can manage to get along some way during the day. Then vacation will soon be here and you will have lots of time to give him." "Take care of him eights ana mornings and haul him around during vacation! Yes, indeed, I see myself doing it. I'll strike, that's what I'll do, Alice Slater. I won't turn my hand over to help about one. solitary thing. If you're going to burden yourself with troublesome babies, you'll have to get along the best way you can. I shan't help." Alice sighed and commenced to pare the potatoes.for supper. Tillie took up her Latin reader and tried to study, but somehow she. could not concentrate her, thoughts on the lesson. Through the open door she could see the baby sitting by the sewing room window in the midst of some flowering plants that Tillie had carefully nursed throughout the winter. 'He was a bonnie child, and he looked so sweet and pretty in his pink dress and white ruffled apron that even Tillie's hardened heart was touched, and the thought was borne in on her mind as she watched him -that of all the flowers blooming there the daintiest and fairest was her little nephew. "Why don't you kiss the baby, dear?"' said Alice, as she began to set the table. "Don't act that way. Poor little thing, he has been so lonesome yesterday and to-day without his mother. Clara always spoiled him, I guess. He'll get over it soon, but it's pitiful now to see how his heart is grieved for her." Alice lifted a corner of her apron to her eyes, but Tillie turned her attention to the Latin reader once more and refused to.welcome the addition to their faruilv. She did not refer'to the. subject again, but her actions gave positive proof that tlie strike was on. - - "Tillie's still sulking," Alice said to Geoffrey one morning, after her sister had gone to school without heeding the boy, who had held out his ehubbv hands, and asked, in his baby way, to be taken! too. "There's been an awful change in her. She never does anything unless I ask her to, and she seems to hate little Hiram. I'm sure I don't know what I'm going to do about it," and the nineteenyear-old breadwinner sighed. "Don't worry, Alice," said patient Geoffrey. "Don't pay any attention to her awhile. Anybody'd have to love this child. It's, contrary to human nature to hold unkind feelings toward him." But Tillie's bad humor did not wear off. The strike was continued throughout April and May, and when vacation began her dislike for the little boy who had, by common consent, been consigned to her care, was at fever heat. Tillie herself often wondered how she could treat him so badly. "Hiram Stewart, Hiram Stewart I hate you," she eaid one day in a low. tense voice that fairly frightened her when she realised what a terrible state of mind such a tone must express. She had taken him out to the park that afternoon for an airing in compliance with Alice's request. She placed him in one corner, of a wooden bench and knelt before him that she might look him squarely in the face when telling him what she thought of him. Even in the 1 •midst of her anger Tillie involuntarily pronounced him the prettiest baby in the whole world, with his soft brown hair, long dark lashes and beautifully moulded face, but the thought did not cause her to relent. "Do you know what you hare done to hie, Hiram Stewart?" she went on. "You've made me work my fingers to the bone.?; TMe could not forbear using her favorite expression, in spite of the: fact that she liad been "doing comparatively! little since his coming. "You keep me from having any. fun. % can't go visiting with the girls, but have to lug you arouDd every bright day inslead." Great tears were coursing down the baby's cheeks and his breast heaved with the storm of sobs that was about to break. Tillie saw bis grief, buf she went on mercilessly. "I bad completed plans !for having a little pleasure this summer for the first time in my life, and you had to come In and knock them all in theihead. Hiram Stewart,, you're the pest of my existence. I'm not going to put up with you any longer. I'm—going—to—lose—you." It seems as though the ehtld understood the import of the words, for he set np a cry that echoed through that part of the park and attracted the attention of everybody who chanced to be lounging there. "Oh, dear! Ob,, dear!" lamented Tillie. Tve done It aow. I'ought" to have known better than to get birn scared. I inust try to quiet him somehow, There, there, baby" and.she assumed a coaxing tone, "don't ciy. Tillie didn't mean It. .. Gome on; darling, and go to sleep. Tillie'll sing for you." __ • .She took him In her arms and sat down in his corner of the bench. Then, swaying herself gently backward and forward, she murmured a lullaby with which her own heart liad .often been soothed when heavy with infantile woes. The afternoon sun was sinking low, and* its last rays fell athwart the fair face nestled against her shoulder, when Tillie ceased singing and assured herself "that the baby was sound asleep. One little hand was closed over tlie end of the lace scarf at her throat, but she deffiy loosed ble grasp, and with a dexterity born of a settled determinej r tkm.slieslippedhiw from her arm 10 the —; "i;.' "i" - - 1 TliaJ- ' 2heD comwf 0tood the ap park aad was ' k>oked momentarily deserted. .The only persons in sight around, were three boys In a boat, quite a distance out on the lake,: and a;-fishei-man. who was just retoeuing from the -end of the pier. " She watched the fisherman until lie struck into a pathway leading south,then turned to the baby once more. One tiny hand was doubled up under his bead and the other nestled beneath hi» chin. There were tear "stains -on his cheeks, and even in his sleep his breathing was convulsed now and then, as though dreaming of the sorrow he laad Just borne. Tillie gave one more quick, frightened glance at the child on the bench,. then turned and ran. with the swiftness of a young gazelle,, through a deeply shaded path that branched off from the !wtoe carriage' way. Twilight had already settled down in the tree- lined walk, ,and there was no one to watch iter flight. ;She had almost reached the street, where the cable cars were running to and frey before anyone, crossed her path. Then she slackened her speed and walked into the wide drive with apparent unconcern. The c-lock in the tower pf the railroad depot at the head of Roseberry row was striking seven when TUlie walked into the kitchen—alone. Supper had been standing for half an hour, and Alice already had grown nervous and anxious. "Where's Hiram?" she asked, when she perceived that Tillie did not have the baby.. - ••< "O-o-o-Ji," moaned Tillie over and over again. Her grief was not feigned, -i^rs her alarm bad by that time, become' genuine in realisation of her offenc-e. "What's tlie matter?" repeated; Alice. "Where's Hiram?" "He's lost, or stolen or something," said Tillie. "I had him on a bench close to the lake, and I just went down to the edge of the water "for a few minutes, and when I went back he was gone. O-o- o-h 1" " Somebody's stolen him," said Geoffery. Alice was weeping piteousiy. "Did you speak to a policeman, Tillie?" she asked. : "N-n-o," faltered Tillie. "I didn't think about it." Within an hour's time a description of the lost child had been sent to every police station in town. That was a proceeding Tillie had not counted on, and she wondered what the outcome would be. It practically resulted in nothing, for in spite of the assurances of the officer who patroled Eoseberiy row that Hiram would be restored by morning, the next day dawned without bringing any news of the pretty boy. Tillie passed a miserable night. She begged to be allowed to sit up with Alice and the neighbors who had come iu, but they bade her go to bed. "It isn't your fault, child," they said, kindly. "Nobody blames you. You look like you'd been sick for a week. Go to bed and tiy to rest a little." Their tender solicitude increased her feeling of guilt. Aloug toward morning she fell asleep, but she was tormented by such awful dreams that she was glad when t.iiey told her it was time to get up. A week passed, and in spite of the efforts of the police the Slater baby was still missing. Tillie had rid herself of her troublesome little relative, but somehow his absence did not bring the sense of freedom she had expected. The strike had been called off, and she again helped Alice of her own accord.But there wasn't uiuch to be done. Sewing was slack just then, and all the duties pertaining to the baby were no longer needed. She had plenty of time to go visiting with the girls, but she had no inclination to improve her opportunity, and every day she looked longingly at the. high-chair which stood empty among the roses and geraniums and carnations, and wondered what had become of him. Of afternoons she went to the park and sat on the bench where she had left him iu the chill of the coming night. The picture of the baby as he lay there was constantly before her and she cried out that her heart was breaking. It was her first great sin, and the punishment was terrible. On the eighth day after "losing" the baby Tillie walked dejectedly through the park toward the fateful spot. Her head was bent, and she did not raise her eyes from the ground till near the familiar bench. Then she stopped short with a cry of alarm and rubbed her eyes to make sure she was awake. Yes, she was right; she had lost her mind indeed, for there on that self-same bench, dressed in the same pink frock, and lying in the same attitude, in the same corner, was the despised baby. Her heart gave a mighty bound as though it would jump clear out of her mouth. "He's dead, and that's his ghost," she cried, faintly;-"but I'm going to look at his pretty face once more, anyway." A moment later she stood beside liim, and in another instant Hiram Stewart, in flesh and blood, not in spirit, was clasped in her strong young arms. "My darling, darling baby," she sobbed. I love you; indeed I do." There was a note pinned to his dress. It was addressed to her. She opened it and read as follows: "On* the afternoon of 25th June an old man who was resting in the shadow of a clump of bushes in Lincoln Park heard a little girl saying some very cruel things to a baby. Among other things she threatened to 'lose' him. The old man was sorely grieved at that, and after the little girl had run away he went over and sat on the bench beside the sleeping boy. It was dark when the baby awoke and sat op and looked around him. He was chilled and hungry, and frightened at thj lonesome stillness, and if the little girl could have beard his pitiful crying she would have vowed never to 'lose' him again, but to love him dearly. "The old man took him home. He soon learned, through the newspapers, to whom the child belonged. He made a trip to Roseberry row and told the little girl's brother and sister a few things, and they decided it would be as well to bring tlie little girl to her senses. The old man has given the child the best of care. He would like to keep him always, but there are others who have a better claim. He is yours henceforward." There " was no name signed to the letter. Tillie looked all around for the bid man, who, she thought, fuust be near, but he had disappeared as mysteriously as he had come the day she "lost" the baby. - Tillie clasped Hiram's chubby; arms round her neck and pressed hhn close to her heart. She went straight to Roseberry row." - "I've found him, Alice," she said, simply. "You know all about it. I'm sorry. The strike is over, Alice, and if you don't let me work my fingers to the bone now, I'll never forgive "you."— The singed cat dreads an open-faced stove. O'Hara: "She was a good wife .to me, poor woman, Many's -the word df good advice she gave me." 0'Gara:"Thrne for ye, and many's the time I've heard: her advisin' ye when I lived In' the house beyont, a mile up the road, ochone!" "I do not see," she.saM^wlib great^Severity, "how It iprould be possible to add to. the unsightliness of bloomers.; And- the little wheelwoman contented herself with innocently remarking: "Perhaps you "are prejudiced. Did you ever wear them?" She (calmly): I think there is,a burglar in the house. Listen." He: "Oh, that's a mouse you hear." She (excitedly): "William,-'why do you seek to play upon my fears that way? ou know it isn't, a mouse." - - Lawyer: "What is your gross income?" Witness: "I have no gross income." Lawyer: "No income at all?" Witness: "No gross Income. I have a net ineome. I •am in rthe fish busintess." • UNFORTUNATE ANSWER. "I hear you had snakes a few weeks •:8gO." "Rats." . *X>h!"—"Cincinnati Enquirer. ; "Chicago Re- cord."' 