BEAUTIFUL ROHILLA: B y H a r o l d C h i l d # Author of “ Driven by F a te /’ Etc., E tc [Cofyvoht.] H A P T B R 2 T .—1‘‘IO iK ’T H w airsB a." — (Continued.} “ You don’t remember P” “ No." 41 Do you remember what happened tbe last time we two were alone in th is room?” “ You ssid you loved me." 11 You remember nothing else 44 There was something else, but I can’t remember what." And her eyes wandered round the room psiuful bewilderment. “ Thank God 1" muttered Robert, Better aurely that she should forget that, even a t the priee of forgetting much else. 8o far love remained, and fear had vanished from her memory. He resolved to say nothing that might rcoill the exiled terror. “ I was under your window la it night," he said. ** Last night I Then you heard— " " 1 heard- I followed him borne, an d I promise you he ahall trouble you no more," Ob 1 b u t I am afraid of him. If I don't give him what he wants be will tell." W iU tell what P" asked Robert, while b il heart atood still in anxiat). “ I can’t remember," she laid. “ I know there is something which he thrsetened to tell, b ut I can’t rem»mber what it was W hat was it? " " W ait till you are stronger/’ said Robert, in heartfelt grat'tude for her ruined memory. 11 Meanwhile remember that it was nothing yon need have bees afraid of; and Oliver Magub will frighten yon no more ” She smiled a t him like a pleased child. “ O b. I am eo glad I” she cried, end again the expression of weariness settled tbe features. " W hat is the m atter P" atked Robert. ' Do you love me still ?" she asked 3piy , and oa receiving fait answer sbe went on, " Somehow I eipeeied yon to bate me, because I have work to do." ‘ W h at work P‘*said Robert, aod he could not breathe till he received tbe old answer. I can 't remember; but I know I have got to do something | wicked. I have been afraid of it all my life, but •in cel was ill I have forgotten what it w as" “ That, too, you sksll know in time," H e saw th at her illness bad been a mercy - the greatest mercy that could have been granted her. For a few weeks, at any rats, aha had been free from tke oloud ot terror that bad overshadowed all her life. And his duty now was clear— to enoourage hsrlove, to take advantage of her oondition and build up by all fair msaua the powsra of good in her, while the powers of evil were meroifully lulled to sleep. “ T o n love ms f" be asked. “ Oh, yes, yes i" “ Then you will do what I tell you, won't you?” “ Yes." “ I t is this, then, Never think of what happened before your illness. If ever you fi»d yourself trying to pieoe your reoolleot.ons together, itip and think only of onr love and tbe life that lies before up, Aed try to get ell your strength back, for I must marry Robilia, not her ghost," “ T oo are going to marrv ms P” she eried. smiling again like a child. ” V ery coon, if you will. I have business to do first* This very day 1 must «o back to London, but 1 shall be here again to*ttorrow /\ Already under tbe influesos of his presence the girl teemed to have regained eome cf her old self. A new confidence came into her voice, a new light in her e y e : and a t Ibe breakfast table, at which by M rs Twaddell’e command she sat down with tbe rest, she surprised the ion keeper and his wife by her animation. M rs Twaddell nooded approvingly at Robert. “ tihe’U pull op quickly now, you'll •■e/’ aha whispered. W hen breakfast was over AHkea announced his intention of walking over to B astham to see Dr. Marsh, and of going on tfaenoe to tiondon, to return the following day. H e set out with a heart full of hope and.joy, but when ha arrived at th e doetor’a house his auxiety had returned. “ I t jidslig h tfo lto eee her so h appy/' he said i e h it friend, *' bat you m ust bear all the atory." Aad then and there be told the doetor vrbat be bad already told M rs Twaddell and Jaok Briggs, B ut in th is ease he added m o re; be fold of his discovery of the paper in Oliver Magub's bureau, and of what was written on th at paper ; of his father's sodden and mysterious death and his own suspicions; and when he had goiibed the doctor’* face was grave. “ You see, M arsh/' eaid Robert, * all oomaa to thia. At the presentmoment she has clean forgotten who and what she is, and all about her mother and the tow to kill me. W ill she ever regain the knowledge P” The doctor thought deeply for a moment. I fear she will," he said. I n tbeie casee something invariably happens, however oarsfol one may be, to bring back memory of the past. I t vests largely with you to prevent th a t something, tu t it in sure to oome some lime or another:" *• S u t w benf' “ That I can't tell you. I t m ight be any day now, or not for years. But the best thing you oan do iato stick to your plan: Marry her, and treat her w ell; and then, when the knowledge does ratnrn, it may bo that her lo re for you will have oatcrawn her fear of the unseen. 'Poo my word I I shall watch tbs case with interest. A fight between the two greatest passions in world —Lore and Fear. I t is touch go; b ut L ore stands to win. And G 'd grant it may 1" Amec !*' said Habert. “ And if it i is my power— " It is, vary largely. But tea, as fa as possible. that every one else is care, fol. Tell M rs T wad dell to keep that box, or keep i t yourself; and sever, if yon can help it, say a word that m ight restore her memory of w hat is best forgotten. By the way, excuse my enriosity. W hat bad your father done to h e n t" Hebert flushed and averted bis eyes. “ I had rather not tell you—yet," he ■aid. [Ib be eeniinved to-morrow.] ? 