THE PHANTOM SIB, — ? -^ ? — (By Ernest FaVenc.) I. ^-— — ^— k HESii yarns about i- - ^_ I ' bush ghosts are all [I 1 I very Well,' eaid I \ I Doubleton, 'but 1 Ft \| know of a ghost I \I about which there I ^ could be no manner I of doubt.' I 'Well, you can't I deny that the / stockman in the ^^ . Murray bend who -& always rushes the ^ flfttMn at. 12 n'i»lor»lr at night Is a true bill,' returned Dwyer. 'Scores of people can swear to it.' 'Oh, that's all very fine. Any thing will make cattle rush at times. A oossum. or a kanga roo rat, or a fish jumping, or a duck rising. Why, I've known cattle rush at a man sneezing, but he had an uncommon powerful sneeze, and he sneez ed when they were all fast asleep and quiet. Now, the ghost I mean was in a city, in Sydney, and he used to drive a cab about, a ghostly cab drawn by a ghostly horse, and woe betide anyone who engaged him.' 'I suppose,' said the owner of the station, just waking up from a doze, . 'that most people had what is called the jim-jams when they hailed him?' 'Nothing of the' sort. I saw him myself once, at least the .man I was with said it was the ghost cab, but it certainly -did look jrery real ^ but I was in Sydney when it was ail found out abou£ the cabman's murder, and then the ghost and the cab, and the horse, and all, were never seen again. I can give you the true version,. for the man who brought it about was a friend of mine, and told, me all about it.' 'I was in a phantom cab that was dematerial ised once,' said the station owner. 'I hailed it early one morning, and it seemed an alright sort of cab, and when I got into it it went off as usual, but when we got in the street where there was an electric light I suddenly saw a cart right ahead of us, and before I could call out we went right bang through it, and then through several buildings, and the whole blessed thing demater ialised, and left me sitting in the middle of the road, with a policeman asking me my name and address.' ' 'Oh! be quiet,' said Doubleton, 'I'll tell you' the yarn if you like and you'll hold your tongue; if not, say so?' 'Let us hear it?' said Dwyer. Well, my friend, his name was Ryland; lived in the suburbs. He had been to supper, and just about midnight was returning home, when he saw a cab crawling along the street just in i front of him, so he hailed it, and the cab stopped. The driver looked at him as he came up, an$ stooping down, be said, 'Do you want to go far, sir; my horse is tired?' Now, this was a very natural question to ask at that time of night, so, Ryland had not the least suspicion of this being anything else but an ordinary cab, and told the man where he .lived, and the man said he could manage it — so he got in, and the cabby drove off. Ryland might have dozed off; he's not prepared to swear that he didn't; anyway, he was awaken ed by voices, and feeling the/cab stop. The cab had stopped, 'and the driver'was in the road talk ing to a woman who was about to get into the t cab. ! 'Here, what's this?' said Ryland. 'I object to anyone coming in; beside, you said your horse was tired.' 'He objects,' said the woman. 'It don't matter whether he objects or not,' said the cabman; 'its got to be. To- night's the twenty-furst of November, and I've got to drive ; you there, so get in.' j Without more ado the woman got in, and as she passed the light of the lamps Ryland saw that she was very well dressed and very handsome. He was wide awake by now, and quite ready to see' the adventure out to the end. On first wak ing he had thought that it was only some be lated creature of the night who wanted a lift home. Now he saw that things. were not what they, seemed. His new companion fiat quietly alongside him, and the horse seemed to have sud denly .?recovered all its fire and energy, for the cab 'bowled along the road as though the own brother to Cauliflower was in the shafts. 'You are. out late,' said Ryland; 'lucky it's a fine night.' . He told me that, as soon as he'd spoken, it struck him his speech was not an example of won derful brilliancy, but he felt that he must say something. , 'You're out late, too,' said his new companion; 'but I don't consider the night fine.' Just as she spoke, the sky seemed to get sud denly overcast, and a pelting rain commenced. Ryland had a great coat on his arm, and the lady was in evening dress, with just what they call a cloud over her head and round her throat, so he took his coat and offered it to her to put round her shoulders, and she accepted it without a word of thanks. Presently the horse and cab pulled up short be fore a house standing by itself in good- sized grounds. The gate was wide open, and up the drive they went, and pulled up in front of the house. The cabman was down like a shot, and thundered on the door with the knocker so that Ryland said, 'He's making enough noise to wake the dead.' 'Hush!' said the lady. 'He is waking the dead.' Presently the door opened, And the lady made preparations for getting out, so Ryland he jumped out to help her. She put her hand in his, and it was so cold through her glove that it felt like a burn where it had touched him. The door was open, and there was a light in the hall, and the minute that lady stepped into the hall, the night was fine, clear, and calm once more. 'You'd better look after the keb for a bit,' said a voice besid? him; 'I've got to go inside.' Ryland found the cabman at his elbow. 'Supposing you look after your own cab,' he said, 'and I'll go inside if anybody is wanted.' 'I've no objection,' said the cabman, 'not the slightest. It's them inside might object.' Ryland thought a bit. 'I'll go,' he said to him self, 'but I'll just take the number of this cab first,' and he scribbled the number painted on the lamps on his cuff. The number was 010203, and a very queer number he thought It was at the time. Then he turned, and was much astonished to find his great coat still on his arm, although he could have sworn that he put it over the lady's shoul ders, and had not taken it back again. He marched boldly in, never thinking' what a liberty he was taking, and hearing voices in a room on the left hand side of the hall he knockea at the door; there wats no answer, so he opened it and walked in. The ro-cm was lit up, and the lady was thare with two men, one old and one young. 'I beg your pardon,' said Ryland, 'but I wish to know if the lady requires the cab any more?' The old man looked at him, and said, 'Go away, cabman, until you are called.' The young man— and a regular bounder he was — turned round, and stared at Ryland very hard. 'I'm not the cabman,' said Ryland, 'but I hired the cabman to take me home, and he may as well do it if this lady has quite finished with his ser vices.' 'Don't go yet!' cried the lady, suddenly start ing from her chair. Now in the full light of the gas lamps Ryland said she was the most beauiti Eul creature he ever saw. 'No; I won't go,' he said immediately, 'if you ask me to stay,' and he eat down on a chair. The old man looked annoyed, and the young bounder stared at him more insolently than ever. 'He can stay,' eaid the old man, 'if he gives us bis name aid address. He'll do for a witness, ae (veil as the cabman; and, Charley, we must have qo noise, no noise.' Hardly had he got the words out of his mouth than tfie lady started up and commenced scream [ng-^scream after scream, enough to take the roof ;ff the house. The ycung man began to curee, and the old man put his hands to his ears. Ryland jumped up, too, and lcoked about for some water, Eor he thought Tt- was a case of hysterics; but as soon as he get up the young mani flew at him and 2lutched Mm fcy the throat, and so sudden was-the ittack that Ryland Was overborne and fell on the SGor, knocking -his head against the leg of a good solid table as he did ej. He just remembered the cabman opening the door and buroting in when his senses left him. When he came to them again, the room was juiet and empty., though the lights were still burn ing. He got- up and looked around, and then saw that he was not alone, for on the sofa lay the Lady. Ryland went over to her, but she was quite still, with her .eyee half open, looking ghastly. He felt her forehead, and it wae cold, feme had no pulse, and she was dead, as dead^fe-'' could be. While Ryland was attending to her, he heard a voice outside, and going to the French window, taw a light down the garden, and heard the sound of pick and shovel. He went out off the window and crept down very quietly. There were the two men, the old man and the young one working away digging a hole. The asphalt patih. was torn up, and underneath It they were digging 4L. grave. ''That will be deep enough,' said ti&e; young one at last, 'to-morrow morning I'll fix the asphalt Over It emooth.' Then they went aside and dag gered up again with the body of the cabman in their arms, quite dead and limp. They put the body in the grave and filled it up, and put the asphalt over it again roughly. Ryland noted the place, and -belw that one side there Vrfts a big Nor folk Island pine, and On the other a very thick bueh. . The men went back to the house, and Ry land followed them. ^ (To be Continued.) 