THE NEW R C. SCHOOL. — - — » ', ?.. — THE OPENING- . CEREMONY. Dlt. GALLAGHER'S ADDRESS. On Sunday last there was a big nt tendunce of, the public- at the IJ.C. Church buildings Gundagai, tho occasion being the blessing und open ing o£ the new K.C. school. Most of the outlying aentroa were represented and n embt* rs of other denominations wera also present. At a little before 11 o'clock the Children of Mary formed into line and marched in precession from the Convent, round the church, and up to the school, the Rev. Dr. Gallagher, attended by the parish priest, Rav. P. J. Donovan, bringing up tho rear. Oa the main entrance of the school building being; readied, the procession halted, aud tho Bishop ex plained the nature of the ceremony which waa to take place, at the same time congratulating the people on tho erection of such a handsome building Preceded by several acolytes His Lord ship then moved round and blessed the school, dedicating it to St. Stanislaus. After this was over tho procession was reformed and' marched 'back to the Church, where Mass waa celebrated by tho Rev. P. J. Donovan. The choir sang tho ' Kyrie' and ' Gloria' from Battman's2nd Mass in C, and the ' Agnus Dei' from McAlindeus. Miss Josephiue Quilty gave two S0I03 — ' Ave Mariu' at the Offertory, and an ' O, Salutarls,' — the young lady being in good voice. The sermon, as preached by His Lordship the Bishop was such a learned discourse that we publish it in full, as h'jre under : — His Lordship, Dr. Gallagher, after a few briff ud congratulatory remarks, said: — 'This Plenary Synod doi-mu it neces sary,' says Decree 302 of tho National Coun cil of Australia, J895, ''li.it there be a primary or elementary achoil in every mission where there is a priest, and desirca that such school bo supported from the or dinary revenues of the parish, unless the requisite funds for its support he otherwise forthcoming. So necessary does it consider CUmo schools to tie that it does not hesitate to iidviso the Bishops and other pastors that in every new mission the school he built before the church.' It. is to carry out the letter and spirit of this decree — ' that thi're should be a primary schoul iu every mission 'hVro ther-- is a resident priest' — by providingji suitable- schoolroom for the guud SialeT^uud for the large number of children whom a faithful people have con fidel to their care, that we are assembled mihin these hallowed walls lo-dav. I have selected, therefore, as thu most appropriate ?subject on which I could address you, the almo't irite, but most inter eating and must necessary subject of education — that sub ject, wtcich, ever ancient, always uew, is si ill, for thinking men iu every part of the civilised « orld, the burning question of the day. It was in no spirit of nartowneBS, or of bigotry, or of faciious opposiiion to the institutions of the country.— through no desire to impede the progress of knowledge or to preven'. the establishment ot a truly national slalom of education — that thr united Pastoral of the Catholic Episcopate -ut^N.S. Wi-w.«i|s*u»a-W:187!) .for the in struction and Guidance of the faithful. I reter especially lo this famous Letter, be cause from it the present public school system — from it the long, the incessant, the much sacrifice-involving, but fruitful and glorious struggle of Catholics for the reli gioius education of their children during the last 20 years — inny bo Slid In, at Jeast imme diately, have taken their rise. Forced by the authority of the church, by thu dictates of their own consciences, by the heavy responsibilities of their exalted position, by all these sacred relations which bind then to their flock--, they were obliged to speak out. Taught, I say, by the obliged of con tenporary history, by the admissions of our opponents, by the voice of the secular press, by their own experience on their tours of visitation, by the unanimous cry of all the priests of their respective dioceses, they could not but be aware that the aim— and the result also—of PURELY SECULAR EDUCATION wherever pure secularism has succeeded, have been to extinguish Christianity and to banish the spirit of religion from the hearts of the people. Nor is this the only country in which tho struggle between matter and spirit — between infidelity and Christian faith — is beginning to rage fiercely. 'At present,' says Dr. Lecky, in his well known and ably written, but most insid uous work, ' The Rise and Influence of Rationalism in Europe,'' the tendency to wards the former, viz, infidelity and mat- erialism, is too manifest to escape the notice of any attentive observer. That great reaction he continues, against the materialism of the last century, which was represented by the ascendancy of German and Scotch philoso phies in England, and the revival of Carte- sianism in France, which produced in art a renewed admiration for Gothic architec- ture ; in literature tho substitution of a school of poetry appealing powerfully to the passions and the imagination for the frigid intellectualism of Voltaire ; and which in religion elicited a deep sense of sin as displayed in different forms, both by the early Evangelicals and early Tractarians, is everywhere disappearing. In England the philosophy of experience and of more earth- ly utility pushed to the extremes of Hume and represented by the ablest living phil- osopher of Europe, has been rising with startling rapidity to authority, and has now acquired an ascendancy in speculation. In France the re-action against spiritualism"— and here I would ask you to note specially that he does not say against Clericalism or Catholicism or Christianity even, or against any form of revealed religion merely, but against Spiritualism, i.e., against the exis tence of God or of the human soul or any- thing that can survive tho grave. "In France the reaction against spiritualism and the tendency towards avowed materialism as represented by the writings of Comte, of Renan and of Taine, are scarcely less power ful than at the close of tho last century. While under the guidance of Schopenhauer and of Buchner, even Germany itself, so long the chosen home of metaphysics, is advancing with no faltering steps in the samo career." But we hardly require tho assertion of Mr. Lecky, or of any other essayist or historian to assure us of the fact. For anyone EVEN MODERATELY ACQUAINTED with contemporary movements, or with the spirit of tho age, must be aware that there is in every country in the civilised world not merely a silent and unconscious tendency , but an active and aggressive propagandism to abolish Christianity and to efface belief in God — at least as made known to us by revelation or adored by any form of public or external worship. Of tho countless ex amples of this assertion, which I could easily adduce, I will confine myself to two or three, ' Our final object and aim,' says tho organ of the Carbonari of Italy, "is that of Voltaire in the French Revolution— the total annihilation of Catholicity forever and of all ideas of Christianity." Tho Car bonari are only a branch of that wide spread, secret, all powerful organisation who despoiled the Pope of his territories, whose idol is Garibaldi, whose apostles were tho assassins of Carnot, of Canovas, and of the Empress of Austria in our own days. "We must not only put ourselves above all religious systems ; but above all belief in any God whatever ; it is only fools who speak and dream still of a God and of the immortality of the soul," is the utterance of one of the leaders of that to called Liberal party, which till lately held the reins of power and abolished the liberty of Christian education in Belgium. But they hold these reins of power no longer, for noble generous little Catholic Belgium — so intelligent, so progressive, so every way worthy of the freedom which their fathers won for it— arose iu the might of its indig nation about 10 years ago and shook off the hated yoke of those detestable Liberals — the enemies at once of God's existence and of the liberties of man. Now through the medium of the schools do tho leaders of this worst form of infidelity and oppression seek to divorce the people from religion and from belief in a personal God— one, infinite, eternal moral ruler of the universe and judge of the living and the dead. The schoolroom is the battleground on which must be fought the great contest of the future. ' On this question all tho efforts of the party of pro gress,' says the Monde Maqounique— chief organ of Continental Freemasonry — of October, 1896, ' shoulde be concentrated — that children should be brought up BY FORCE, IF NECESSARY, without God and without any religious teaching. The respect we owe to the mind of a child forbids us,' it continues, ' to incul cate doctrines that might trouble his reason.' And again, ' All religious instruction should be suppressed. Religious belief is useless to the young; for faith in god takes away the dignity of man, troubles his reason, and may lead him to the abandonment of all morality.' 'No more dogmas, blind bon- dage — no more yokes, tyrants, or Messiahs" are words taken from an atheist hymn sung by the children of a secular school in Brus sels at the unveiling of a statue to a Monsieur Verhaegen, of that city, who had been And in fine, pure secular instruction may be said to have reached the acme of its highest ambition and satisfied the yearnings of its most strenuous advocates, when in 1870, the year of the Commune, a child of 12 from one of the schools of Paris was compelled to ascend the pulpit of St. Sulpice and pro claim, amid the awful applause of an excited multitude, the fearful sentence, "There is no God.' Truly it is a fearful sentence to be uttered by anyone, but still more by the lips of a child, in a church which had for cen turies witnessed so many triumphs of faith and piety, from a pulpit which had once been filled by a Bourdalone, a Bossuet, a Massillon. Such are the aim, the object and some of the results of purely secular educi tion, as made known to us by its own organs on tho continent of Europe. But we need not go so far away as Europe. The last receding curve of that mighty wave of unbelief, which circles around the world, has reached these distant shores. To ap prise their flocks of the coming danger and prepare them to meet it, the chief pastors were bound to raise their warning voice. Guardians of the sacred deposit of faith, sentinels on the watch-tower of Israel, should they not be stigmatised as traitors to their sacred trust, if — when the enemy were openly attacking the gates, or covertly undermining the walls, and their people, trusting to the viligance of the leaders were sleeping securely within — they, through cowardice, or culpable neglect, failed to give the alarm ? If, indeed, they consulted their own ease, or sought for popularity, or wished to go with the tide— as, unfortunate ly, too many of the ministers of other religious bodies were doing— they would let things take their course and say not a word. Their motto would be that of Louis XV. before the French Revolution, APRES MOI LE DELUGE (after me, the deluge.) ' And then the contemptuous silence, or sickly adulation of the enemies of Catholicity — and their name is legion — would reward their base compliance. But they are men who have a conscience, to whom duty — stern daughter of tho VOICE OF GOD is not an empty name, who believe that they must one day give an account of their stewardship at the judgment seat of God, and would wish then to be able to say, ' Father ! of those whom thou hast given mo to keep, I have lost not one.' To them tho praise or blame of men is of small mo ment when it conflicts with the responsibil ity of their sacred trust, or tho command ment of God. The atheist's smile is a poor return for Deity offended to men like them. It will be granted, I think, that up till the present time in this country, the clergymen of diiferont denominations have exercised a military and beneficial influence in directing the youthful mind, in securing the peace of families, in purifying morals, and thereby strengthening the stability of social order. But let the Catholie clergy give a guilry approval or yield even a tacit consent to the spirit of secularism and irreligion abroad in every relation of life but especially in schools, and my conviction, deliberately and mature ly formed, by an experience of 29 years, forces me to say, that tho Christian religion, when one or two generations will have passed away, would be little more than a name, and the Catholic priesthood, like the ministers of every denomination, would have descended to a contemptible and de graded caste neither possessing authority nor deserving to possess it, earning a base sub sistence more execrable than blood-money by panderimg to every whim, by a feigned or hypocritical assent to every novel theory, by conniving at every excess and every mental and physical debauchery of a brutal ised, and licentious, because irreligious and unbelieving people, Theosophy, spookism. divorce, faeticide, self destruction, scien tific facilities, for preventing the results of sin, advertised in every paper, growing daily more prevalent, almost advocated by tho so-called secular press, are examples of the downward tendency to which I refer. ' Tho spiritual life is fast dying out through the length and breadth of Australia,' says an able anti-Catholic writer in a late number of the Melbourne 'Age,' 'There may be a few fine men, and perhaps a few more still finer women, who believe the doctrines, and live up to the PRECEPTS OF THE CHRISTIAN FAITH. These belong chiefly to the old religion. But is not,' he continues, ' the moral and religious atmosphere such as I have indicat ed, selfish, materialistic, covetous, animal, sensual, without belief in God, or trust in their fellow men — as pagan as when the edict went forth from Tiberius Caesar for the enrolment of his mighty empire, and Jesus Christ was born into this weary world.' Seeing the tendency of tho age, and the dangers that lie in wait for those children whose immortal souls are entrusted to our care, should we not us honorable men speak out, should we not as ministers of Christ, and dispensers of the mysteries of God take measuros to avert the peril? JUSTUM ET TENACEM PROPOSITI VIRUM (The man of firm and noble soul), said tho poet Horace 2000 years ago, and his words have been translated and made his own by Byron— 'No factious clamours can control. No threatening tyrant's darkling brow Could swerve him from his just intent. Gales tho warring waves which plough By Auster on tho billows spent To curb tho Adriatic main Add awe his fixed determined mind in vain.' This thought, when spoken of a Regulus or Cato, of warrior or sage of ancient Rome, is deemed worthy of being written in letters of gold and held up for the admiration of tho youth- ful mind. It is only when this " firm and noble soul' animates the breast of a Catholic priest or prelate —only when this heroism is displayed in defence of the Christian faith and virtue and god, that it excites the wrath and calls forth a howl of rage from the so- called friends of civilization and progress and freedom. To stand up man fully for principle — though a mistaken one : to have fought bravely pro aris et focis for happy homes and altars free— even though they were the altars of a pagan worship — has extorted tho admiration of tho noble and generous in every land. ' To every man upon this earth'— Lord Mac aulay, when striving to reproduce tho sen timents of those who built up the greatness of the early Republic of Rome, puts into the mouth of Horatius — ' Death cometh soon or late, And how can man die better Than facing fearful odds, For the homesteads of his sires and the temples of his Gods.' One would have thought, therefore, that the struggle of a small but earnest minority in defence of the great cause of Christian education— in maintenance of a principle, which regarded as a political and social one (viz , the blending of religion and mor ality into the secular instruction of child ren) is founded on reason, justified by ex perience, enforced by the lessons of history and sanctioned by the greatest minds of the ancient and modern world — merited kinder words and milder epithets than 'sacerdotal tyranny,' "clerical despotism," 'enslave- ment of intellect," "retarding the progress of knowledge," from ministers of religion and publicists and politicians, who profess to serve the same God and to repose their hopes of salvation on the merits of the same Redeemer as we do. Let me add, also, that it deserves and expects from you, my dear brethren, in the future a support, if pos sible, still more steadfast, a loyalty more firm and true, a co-operation more gener ous — more rendy to endure sacrifice, more reflective of a deep sense of eternal interests than has been given in the past. Our faithful people have, iu this great cause, RALLIED ROUND THEIR PASTORS with an enthusiasm, a generosity and an enlightened zeal that have extorted the admiration of a hostile world. Let our sacrifices and successes of the past be only a stimulus to renewed exertion ; let that which we have done be but an earnest of that which we shall do. By tho love and reverence which we all — even the most illiterate amongst us, at least intuitively — have for tho religion of our fathers ; by that principle nf honor which should make us seek to hand down that precious inherit ance of faith and spiritual freedom untarn ished to our children ; by the hopes which we have of a reward beyond the grave, by that sentiment of chivalry which would defend a high and holy, but persecuted, cause ; by that true feeling of enlightened citizenship which should induce us to build the future progress and civilization for our young country on its only safe foundation — a belief in God's Providence and in the immortality of our own souls— in a word, by every motive that can appeal— I will not say to high-souled Christian men— but to spi ritual beings, let us stand by the old faith, the church of our fathers and of all the ages, in tho great struggle she has still to make. Tho battlefield in our day is the schoolroom ; there the issue must be de cided. Let us build our schools, not merely as you have done here, in the parochial centre, but in every nook and corner where 20 or 30 children can be got together ; let us furnish them with every modern improve ment; let us avail ourselves of every new method that science can suggest or exper ience prove to be better than the old ; let us have them filled with children gathered in from ths homes of the wealthy and from the cabins of the poor ; let us increase their efficiency by every means within our power an as to cope with the irreligious spirit, of our times. That God may defend the right — that He may reward — not only in the next life, but even in this world— a hundredfold your faith, your sacrifices, your union, your generosity, your perseverance, is the bless ing I wish you al in the name of the Trinity we all adore — Father, Son and Holy Ghost. Amen. ' The building is barely completed yet, and there is a lot of cleaning up to be done, but nevertheless, the schol- ars expect to be able to occupy it on Monday next. The contractor, Mr. Warbrick, has made a splendid job of the school, it being. both solid in workmanship and neat in finish, and he is to be more than highly com mended for the work. It would be like carrying coals to Newcastle for us to again describe the buildlng,»Buffice it to say that it is without compeer an an educatioi al edifice in any part of ilie colony, the main room being large and cosy like, with its stage and li brary at one end, and' music and in fants' room adjoining. After the service a collection was tnkon up, and £100 13s 6d was Gathered in. The amount n-coived and placed in the bank eincn the start of the schnol was £823 5s 3-1. mnda up of Butterfly Dance, £33 4s Gd ; contributions, .£387 10s 9d ; Federal Fair, £402 10s. Of this amount £20 has to be deducted for expenses in connection with the Federal Fair, leaving £863 5s 3d which, together with Sunday's collection brings the total up to £904 0s 9d, all collected wirldn six months. This is truly a great record, and never equalled in any uari-h in Australia, even in ihe palmy days when money was so plentiful. Taking all the Rev. Father Donovan's excellent workB since his taking charge of thi» parish — and they nro innumor nble — thin one outshines the. lot. Tho Htatue of St. Stanislaus which is st-t in a niohe in the schoolroom, cost. £5 C', and was presented by tho Sisters of lilorcy, Gundagai, whilst tho nucle us of the librury/ which is to be made one of tho foremost in the southern district, was given by tho Rev. Father Donovan, the cost being £50. Tho plans aud specifications of the building, waro'. the gift of Mr. .T. Goode, of Gouiburn. Included in Sunday's collection were— £5. 5s from Dr. Gallagher ; £3 3s from Bishop Dunne, of Wilcannia ; £5 by a uon Cathulio friend ; another friond £3 3s ; Rev. Thomas Gerry, £1 Is. Tho school is now practically froo from d^-bt, the furniHhing of, the building, und the outnide levelling being the only things yet unpaid for. We ques tion tho fact whether, in tho whole of Australia thero is n neater, more com pact nr valuable church property in a town of Gundagai'd 'size, and to bo able to say thut it is almost debt-free is something for tho parishionera vo be proud of. . ,, 