NOTES BY THE WAY. ! WAIFS AND STRAYS I HAVE MET. MY MOONLIGHT APPARITION. [By ' Josrim.M] To those readers who have condescended j to peruse my previous notes touching I 41 Waifs and Strays,' it will be scarcely ncces sary to explain that it has always been my practice — as mucb for the sake of quietude and handy proximity to my horses, which are in daily requisition — as from motives of economy, to pitch my humble little tent in anmA nnn^ni/mf rAn^,Wl.- e;t„afA-l o «.;]« two outside of any bush township to which business or pleasure may call me. It was under such circumstances some months ago, when returning leisurely to my tent on horseback about 10 p.m. one bright moon light night, after having spent a pleasant evening with some friends in a small Burnett township, that I encountered the subject of my present little sketch. It is only at this distance that I may now safely confess that I was in the habit of making use of a ,rprivate' slip-rail, discovered after half an hour's careful inspection of a but too substantial boundary fence, whereby in my frequent passings to and fro my horse was saved about a mile's circuit by the main road to the legitimate entrance, the key of which I am fain to confess reposed in my pocket during my cntiro &tay;, and thus served to lend color to a venial deception for which I trust x no person is now the worse. About midway between the town and paddock, by this shorter route lay the local black's camp, and the habits of its inmatCB were a constant source of interest and amusement to me in passing by day or night. Upon the present occasion when yet a quarter of a mile away, the sounds of aboriginal revelry were borne as distinctly upon the still night air as though the listner stood within 50 yards of the numer ous bright fires, athwart the beams of which, lithe erect hutupn figures— jet black, copper colored, and some of tho youngest, ! almost white— might be seen fitting , fantastically in the mazes of the noisy, but | good-humoured, Saturday night's coroborec. There c*me in addition, a perfect babel of i other sounds peculiar and sacred to the camp ing ground of our sable brethren. The dismal bowlings of herds of mangy dogs, the screams of playful pi-fcanninics chasing one ' another in the moonlight, the rythmic thump, thump of the older gins, beating time with nullahs to the measure of the dance — a villainous tin whistle manipulated by an aspiring (expiring t were the more fitting term) amateur — all together served to almost drown the harmonious efforts of the coDGcrtina artist, who — if we assume his gaudy instrument to be of the order ?' musical' at all — really played much better than that perfectly odious ' white knight of the bell-mouth trouscr' who usually officiates at those infinitely more demoraliz ing bush-shanty 44 hops' — many of which I have seen when on my travels, and always with feelings of increasing wonder, disgust and pity. Wonder — that young bush girls, who arc sensible in other respects, should be such fools as to be unable to see through so thin a veiL Disgust, with parents who read the papers, and cannot therefore avoid seeing the baleful consequences attending such courses, every week of their lives. Yet through an apathy almost criminal they put their children (for I have met parents who were actually proud of such accom plishments in their offspring) right on the high road to ruin. Pity, mingled with a strong dash of amusement, I have experienced, when after an indecent ' prancing match' held in a bark- roofed, and slab-sided shed over-night, two uncouth young ragamuffins — downright slouching, expectorating, foul-mouthed hoodlums, with the instincts of beasts (but that the possession of articulate tongues soon proves their inferiority) meet on horse-' back next day. They pull up, arid simul taneously swing their right legs across the pommels to the near side. This slouching attitude is fashionable, and' quite as indis pensable as is the volley of spits which serve as a fitting prelude to the following vcy short, but (decently) characteristic scrap of conversation. *' Mornin'. Bill! Was yer at the ball Us' ni«*ht ? Tho't I seen yer in tow with little * Dossie1 Camper. Cushinal little * muslin' is 4 Doss.' My word yer 'ave tor 'ang on to'er all yer know in darncin' the * vcr-shovey-hanner,1 but in tho bloomin' 4 Landseers' she's a bally ringer, an' no flies — ain't she, Bill?' &c.;, &c.; But I wander from my subject. As before mentioned, I rode slowly along with slack rein, thinking amongst other things what strange animals we have sometimes to acknowledge as men and brothers ; my horse making as usual, a ' bee-line' for the slip-rails, took me within some hundred yards or so of the scene of jollity described. I was enabled to see, not only many of the erect and active performers, but could also d'sccni hoary old warriors and shrivelled hags, who were long past such youthful frivolities, crouching upon their 44 haunches' close to the blazing logs and ever and anon lighting their short black pipes from glowing fire sticks with all tho stiff and slow delibera tion of movement incidental to extreme age. All around, songs, laughter, und merriment were tbe order of the night, and if to a white man their lot appeared a miserable one, most assuredly they them selves were not sensible of their wretched ness — which after all is the great desidera tum, be a man civilised or a savage. I had left the camp some distance behind and was now approaching a mahogany tree whose thick leafy crown threw a deep ! shadow underneath, when suddenly my | horse swerved violently, then stopped short , and stood trembling nnd snorting, with 1 chest erect and pointed cars — in short, i manifesting every symptom of equine terror. Straining ruy eyes into the deep shadow whither the horse's ears pointed, I could at firsit distinguish nothing which would at all account for theso very unusual signs of alarm. But the mystery was soon to be cleared up, for presently an eerie object very slowly emerged — as it might be appropriately described, a ' shade' trointhe shadow — into the bright moonlight, the like of which I never saw before — pictured in my dreams — or ever wish to heboid again. At first sight I really took it to be a black skeleton, which from some ten paccs distant wns vervRlowly and silently gliding towards nn.- with outstretched Jleshless hand. Luckily all superstitious fears were kept in check by tho attention which my now almost frenzied horse demanded, and an involuntary ttxpk'tive'or two to which I save vent in my extremity ; served to convince me that' at least some of my faculties yet remained intact;. So steadying my horse an well as I could, I awaited the upparitioo. At this moment some lines of Miltons probably not thought of for 2U years clearly recurred to me (I quote from memory) — ' The other Shape if ehape it might he called that shape had none Distinguishable in form, joint or limb Or substance might be called that shadow seemed For each seemed either — Dark it 6tood as night, Fierce as ten furies, terrible as hell, &c.;' It wore no clothes, nor the scmblancc of a rag, and anything human Lo reach such a stage of shocking attenuation and to yet retain animation, much less the power of locomotion, was then, and yet remains a problem altogether beyond my powers of comprehension. Even at a distance of some yards every rib could be counted with the greatest facility, and they stood out — ebony wickcrwork — over the sunken pit of the stouiach, like — nothing seen out of a , sepulchre. Every boue in that shrunken mass could be as easily traced beneath that black tightly clinging parchment like skin as though it were a cleaned skeleton hung upon wires before iuc, -md the joints stood out Lke «he knotty cxcrescnces sometimes observable upon a gnarled oak, repulsively distinct. He (for it proved to be 44 part' of a man) continued to advance, but so slowly that these things could be noted with ease, but when he at length arrived, still with i extended claw, the crowning horror had yet to come. L could plainly see that lie had a head upon his shoulders, but although peer ing down as closely as possible, I could no more distinguish a single feature than if the back of his head were turned towards me. I jumped off the horse and went up as close to the ghostly objcct as the frightened animal would permit me, and looked hard and closely into — ! what ? ' His features' you may exclaiA Not at all rao6t confiding reader. Truly as I now write these lines, the man possessed absolutely no human feature* whatsoever. Nose or mantle he had none, and enormous black caverns in the depths of which I could discover no eyeballs were a horrible substi tution for those organs. Language is all too weak to give even a faint description of that unutterably revolting aud altogether indescribable object as I then saw it. Up to the present moment I can only faintly recall the shock of repulsion I experienced through that first withering peep by the moonlight. It is my honest belief that, to encounter this most afflicted of all human creatures alono and unprepared, under similar circumstances, were the maddening of nine women, and would be the death warrant of the tenth. As to nervous little little children, one sight of the. 44 Bogey man' were calculated to 14 lay out' more 44 babes in the wood' in two minutes than coiubiued ' cock robbins' of all Queensland could cover with gum leaves in a decade — not if they wore their little beaks back to the brain-box in the laudable effort. If a man digs up a grave be expects to find something gruesome as a result of biB labours, and is not unduly shocked when it comes to light. But here was a skeleton iu all essentials with the difference that be was at the same time an animate being stalking with extended hand in the moonlight, and presenting a blank where his face should be ; his head an irregular globe, expressionless ; as a cannon ball, and for that reason infinitely more shocking than the exhumed 4 'article.' Curiosity iu ruy own case overcame sicken ing repugnance to tbe. extent of my having a good look before leaving, and I am pretty sure that little more will be seen at his ' post mortem.' The great difficulty was to realise that I jwas actually looking in a man'* face. What struck me firBt was a small round hole which might easily be filled by tho stem of ao ordinary tobacco pipe occurring at the spot where his mouth should have been, and which conveycd to the beholder the grimly comical impression that he was for ever whistling a tune in derision of his own supernatural appearance. If the following rccipe wero but faithfully followed, the result should somewhat re* scmble tbe ' face' lean rati describe* Take a human skull, and after filing .down any little elevation that may occur, where once the-nose4iad grown, stretch a piece of black parchment as tightly as possible round it, and fasten it so. Then with your largest knuckle punch in deeply the eye caverns. Next, take your pea rifle and fire a bullet through the spot where you think the mouth should be. Imagine if .you can the breath of life entering by and issuing from that small orifice, and you have a clumsy but infinitely less horrible representation of the head only — of my moonlight apparition. Alter inspection, I found my ghost very susceptible to the charms of email silver coin and I ' laid' it therewith accordingly and to the unbounded delight of my still quivering-charger took my departure. Sub sequent inquiries elicited several traditions touching the manner by which, i his unfortu nate old blackfellow cams by his truly awful injuries. A few aver that he was born so, but the more generally accepted story is that niauy years ago he was thrown upon his face in the fire, after having been stunned by an enraged bullock-driver, whose wife he had insulted during his absence. However that may he, it is shameful and shocking, (however pitiable) that the authorities should allow such a human nightmare to remain - at large. I hold that it is positively dangerous also, for it can be easily understood what effect such an object must have (not to put too fine a point upon it) upon ' all sick persons and young children' ; and were it only in the interests of the worthy Sairy Gamps and Betsy Prigs of the Burnett — and much more in those of their interesting charges — this gruesome 44 remnant' of humanity should be segregated at once. Is not Frazers' Island eacred and set apart for such wreck age? There be would doubtless find tnuny human 44 eyesores' to 44 keep him in countenance' (nothing ironical intended), and he would be frequently waited upon by travelling celebrities and 44 freak' hunters. However, as an afterthought, the better plan might be, after painting him white, | to land him there some holiday, with a 1 boating party of tho same colour, and if his I dusky compatriots have not quite forgotten their early drill after taking possession of their odorous Elisiuin, such a course will insure to my apparition, the honourable death of Captain Cook, and — no questions asked. 