A Ghost nnnter's Story. In a secluded 111 tie Eswr village it was tb:it a writer for Ca.vsell'n " Satur day Journal" recently came across nn individual w'lio, in addition to being a market-gardener, was famous locally as a " ghost-clearer." Ills spectre-roui iug services are seldom uow required. Apparitions appear each year less sel dooi tlian formerly lo human eyes. Hut tlie -man lu question eujoys a huge repu tation for weird services rendered In ■tlic past. "I've cleared mine of Hit worst ghosts in the country," said -lie convincingly, " and they used to take a deal more getting rid of than they do now. When I first started, there were scores of places, barns Jn particular, that were haunted. Hags of grain used to be cut and thrown about, and doors unlocked so that animals escaped and were lost. There was even a haunted windmill that used to grind nwuy on nights when there wasn't a brcnth of nlr stirring and the machinery was out of gear. But for the most part they were knocking and tapping ghosts that I ihnd to deal with. How I earoe to take up this job was like this. An old farmer had died suddenly. Ills farm was pat up to be let, but for a long time no oue took it. Then, when a tenaut was found, he quickly cleared out again. A ghost had entered into possession, which nt Intervals during the Bight knocked on doors or shutters, three slow and soft, andltben three quick and loud knocks. The owner offered balf-a floverelgn to any one who would spend n night on the premises, and I agreed to do so. I took with me a lantern and a thick ash stick, and when about 11 o'clock the others left me I sat Just in side the open door listening. About ten minutes after midnight there came the knocks, seeming about half way across the room. At once I knocked hack, and silence followed. About 3 o'clock they came again. I an swered, and did so once more Just as it was getting light. Other people had previously heard the noises con tinuously all night long. But the ghost hadn't gone. He was at it again next night; and after wintering for four nights and knocking back each time three times, I began to think the ghost meant to stop there, wheu the idea oc curred to me to elt in the dark and see if I could see anything. Punctually at 12 came the raps. 1 waited. They were immediately repeated, and then I answered. A terrific knocking at once began, eo loud as to nearly stun me; It got fainter and fainter, and died awny to nothing, and was never heard again. And that I've found is necessary in nil ghost-clearing jobs—you must be alone, and in complete darkuess. Have I ever seen a ghost ? Can't say that I hare. There's two sorts of them, you know; the gliosis that Jinunt old mansions, which glide about and can be seen but never create the slightest noise save a faint rustling ; and those which cannot be seen, and thai yet give knocks and throw things about and do damage. I once wanted to ' lay' one of the first sort; lint when I weut to the country seat where It walks In a corridor the ■master said that he valued the spectre as inuch. as the avenue of elm trees or the splendid hall for which the place is also noted, and wouldn't have it interfered with for worlds. Do I believe In them 7 Most cer tainly I do; and eo do many others, or I shouldn't have made what I have by clearing them. Yes, some times, of course, they're frauds. There was one ghost that drove away a poultry farmer by a dreadful moaning noise at night. The man took to elocp-1 ing somewhere else ; and whenever the ((host was beard some of the jponltry would next day be missing. I offered to try and clear the place, and was al lowed to -make the attempt A window was left unfastened for me to enter by, and I fliadu't been in many minutes be fore I heard quick footsteps in (lie empty kitchen, and then a long whis pering .followed. A smell of tobacco smoke reached me. An hour passed, i Then footsteps approached. Feeling sure that I had human beings to deal with, I scrambled silently out of the window again, and erouedicd in the hushes out side. A second later a dark form ap peared at the window. It raised a long cardboard cone to its mouth and pro duced the, by that time well-known, weird moaning sound. Immediately I put my hands round my mouth and, as loudly as I could, imitated the wall. There was a sudden yell, answered by another from the kitchen. The 'ghost' leaped into my arms, where I held him till I had rccognlsed him as a poulterer's assistant from the town. That little business brought me in five pounds." ] 