A Hale That Remembered the "Malic." Mine host controlled two of the four car-<*> riages of the town of Port de Paix (says a Writer in "Harper's (Magazine"). What more natural, the day after my arrival, than that he should suggest my taking a ride ? So th«n behold your humble ecrfbe seated la a two-wheeled, shaky vehicle, drawn by • pocket edition of a boy, who looked about 7 yean old, who admitted to being 17, and afterward! proved to be 24. He was a pro fessional Jockey, decoyed from the island of Jamaica to take charge of mine host's stud. We were* surrounded 'by all the white con tingent of the city, assembled to do the honours of the town and take care of that rara avis, a visitor. These outriders were all mounted on horses that were either full of half-blooded Arabian animals, with eyes like Jersey calves, legs like deers, ending in dainty, unshod hoofs. When ready to start, the carriage animal, which was a peculiar long-legged, huge-eared -white mule, named Christine, refuted to move «m inch. Then the whole part yelled at the top of their shout, " Christine, remember the Maine !" There was a crash, the back of the seat nearly cot me in two, and there was nothing to be seen but white ears and legs—the ground covered with scattering p'gj and Haytian babies. As soon as I could breathe, I asked the driver what caused the mule to .respond1 to that cry. With a face as Innocent as a cherub's, he an swered, "Don't know,- safe, except Christine a patriotic mule, sah." Even offered bri bery failed to elicit anything further from this child of 24. In after days, a stable boy, in response to a handful of cigarettes, gave me_a pointer. One* ne had seen mine host, accompanied by an equally strong man, carefully select two of the heaviest whips In the harness-room, retire to a secluded spot, accompanied by the fair and wilful Christine. Then they began- shouting. " Christine, remember the Maine!" At the first word mine host slashed her on the off side, at the cecond his friend struck the nigh, and so on, until th'e^ word " Maine" was reached, when both sides were simul taneously slashed. Now Christine h:d been •often hit on one side or the other, to say nothing of top or bottom, but to be hit on bMh sides at the same moment was bayond her comprehension, and could only be owing to the word "Maine"; and further, if she wished to avoid a repetition, it waa impera tive she should get away from that place aa Boon as possible. It is only fair to my jockey friend to say he always stoutly de nied the story, and insisted that it patriotism alone actuated this magnified ghost of a mulsk 