ittifl? and jr - AM '"^"APEHANTOS " •/jod is «that blows nobody ;; ,IP specinvy rain ^KUnariom. . f , Saturday, for th; Jt IB 1 : ; (, r . to "visitor 5 jig town :id that ^JalCvn upJ'J' it were , tbe V.A.T.C., b». ,;-jt have rt' tta IWIwai- Departfew. ofvsitors Jat it ™ abright day I am afraid "the T i nthe^U'Mu,u d have ^ilhil Of courFi'. all l ean mile'train in w ''ich I mveelt travelled S-out to the ground. It d d CI between stations, bnf i t simply whole distance. And as the "Lf the train service wae a general riWng the whole of the afternoon I re the train iu which I crawled out I,*!.» solitary one in its slowness, lick hov could the trains have ILft;alone at all if there had been the E L of travellersI will say, liow- ever, that the train in which I returned to town travelled as an express ought to. IT was owing to the weather entirely that the attendance at the V.A.T.C. Meeting wasnot up to expectations, but I think it must have been fairly satisfactory from a financial point of view, although the depressing weather had a lot to do with the poor attendance of the fair sex. As customary on a big occasion, a Government House party was present, including H E. Caulfield was in itself a picture of verdancy, and the recent heavy rain6 had rather tended to improve the going than otherwise, although naturally making it a bit dead. The awning over the metallic market had been gaily and gorgeously decorated, and "biz" was brisk "under the verandah all the afternoon, the fielders for once in a way getting a long way the worse of the deal with their hereditary foes. ALTHOUGH there were one-and-thirty coloured on the card for the Norwood Trial (Stakes, the scratching pen was so extensively used that only a dozen accepted the invitation of the starter to attend at the post. Immediately betting opened with offers of " 2 to 1 'gin the feeuld," the Sydney gelding, Ottoman, was rushed as if it were all over and as it there were no home opposition worth troubling about. And so very strong was the support accorded the Nordenfeldt gelding that although Cleal was carrying 41b. overweight, it was at the final moment quite impossible to get even money. And this was not because others were not backed at long shots, for Lancaster had a few stray sovereigns thrown away on him, whilst Skylark—who will be remembered as having run a great race with Condiment last Spring— had the full support of Alec. Taylor's strong army of punters, more especially as the halfbrother to Abner, Matador and other celebrities had the services of the crack lightweight, Minter. The race was a peculiar one, as Ottoman jumped off as if he were going to make a one-horse race of it, and he soon had a big break on his field, long odds being laid on him as he rounded the turn with a dozen lengths' lead of hi field, and he appeared to be winning anyhow, when Minter on Skylark challenged him, and Cleal had to sit down and ride all he knew. Ottoman's opponent appexred to slightly shirk the whalebone, and all out Ottoman got home by a neck. The favourite won, but was in the highest degree lucky, for Egypt came with a terrific dash on the inside, and was able to dead heat with Skylark for second money, but in another stride' tilefavourite would have been beaten. I noticed the unready Eminence, by Bill of Portland - Emmie, running forward enough to make an impression on those who are on the look-out for future winners, but Lancaster never appeared as if he were trying to win a thousand sovereigns. THE good field of sixteen went to the post for the Moondah Plate, and perhaps if I wrote that only half-a-dozen were out for keeps I should be exaggerating, for about three fourths were simply looking on. _ Blunderer was the first horse backed, and from lives he advanced to threes, but at the last moment a very strong commission was put in the market for Kobold, who was backed for such a lot of money that he saw 9 to 2, and in consequence Blunderer receded a shade. Batleycorn, Veneda and Blue Cap II. were all three genuinely and honestly supported, and a bit of coin went on Wild Olive. The favourite was first off the mark, and the balance of the fluid were soon in trouble, but at the distance Kobold threw out a challenge to the Mistake gelding, and the latter at once took it up by drawing away and winning cleverly by a length from Kobold, with Blue Cap II.,finishing fast, third and Barleycorn next. Four of the backed horses were the first four, but Veneda lost a lot of ground at the start, and the absolute last was Wild Olive. IT was a surprise to all hands to find the Sydney crack Kiora taken out of the Grand National Hurdle Kace, but Mr. Tom Lamond, his trainer, showed me the telegram he had received from Mr. Power, of Sydney, stating that Captain Scott had cabled to the effect that he had only just heard the intention to start Blue Mountain's son and forbidding his going to the post. Lamond was very sore over this, as he told me the gelding was wonderfully well. We may now anticipate Kiora's departure for England iu a very short time, so that he may he in readiness for the coming illegitimate Eeason in the old country. BCT even with the defections of the Sydneysider and the South Australian Conventioner there were a round dozen competitors, and it may be put down as a certainty that they were all after the good stake provided by the V.A.T.C. Early in the day Valdis had an awful tendency to weaken, oing back from 5 to '2 to 5 to 1, but when Blunerer showed the form of Whitty's stable there was a reaction, and the Flemington G N. winner hardened again to 7 to 2, whilst occasionally an extra half-point could bo obtained. Valdis looked to me much lighter than at headquarters, and it was hard to say which was the lighter horse in condition, Valdis or Podarces. Crysalite was always very firm in the market, but the eleventhhour sensation in the betting was Residue, who v/aa supported by the Sydney t'othersiders as if it were only a flat race for him, but the generality of the Victorian talent thought there were too many hurdles in the way for Russley's son to have a ghost of a chance. Loch Fad had a strong following, and so had Mystery aud Rosella—rather the best looking of the dozen—but they were only stray sovere gns that were put on the others. I AM not going into close details of the race, as space will not allow it, but there were a few salient points worthy of notice. The favourite was always iu a capital position right against the rails, and for three miles he actually over jumped all bis opponents. Rosella, on the other hand, jumped very slowly, although correctly. We always look to Podarces to come with one run, but on ."-aturday last he tooit command a mile and a-half from home and led for over a mile, when he began to tire. Loch Fad was just beginning to look dangerous when he fell, but the favourite seemed to be going as well as any thing else when ho "slanted" at his jump, and cracked the popular Tommy Curtin's leg against the rail, so that his chance was destroyed. At the throe furlongs Myrmidon cleared out from his field just aB if he had been Bhot there, and it looked as if nothing could possibly catcL the Sydney —outsider, — but Alf Williams - set his teeth and rode Crysalite for all he was worth ; and when Williams does sit down to ... ride .. his opponents know they cannot take any liberties. Once in the straight, Crysalite put forth his best leg and answered every call of his jockey, but it all seemed useless, so easy was Myrmidon going, whonsuddenlyhe stopped, and do all Howard could he could not make Myrmidon struggle, and then Crysalite went past, and the Caulfield Grand National Hurdle Race of '99 was a matter of history, as the son of Acolyte won with a bit in hand by tiiree lengths. Mystery, who is unlucsy in these Nationals, was third, and Waiter was fourth, but tney were a long distance in the rear. i . , J ^ S T - i T Z u l Z V r ^ V t ^ l Crvsalite : 8, and 1 believe i tipped him to win the big affair over the little sticks atCaulfield, but his running was so terribly erratic that I gave him up as a bad job " He has been gradually running into form, and his victory at Moonee Valley was evidently no fluke. Considering tlie the torm form lie he evidently displayed in N.S.W. prior to bein* purchased by Messrs. Crice, the son of Acolyte must have found !>. 7 a great luxury on batarday last. WITH the settling and photographing all duly acc'omplished, attention was given to the Kembla Trial M,eepleehase, for which the Western District mare, Iron Hook, with J. J. Allan up, was made a warm favourite, and she won anyhow with 11.7 in .. .. J tiie J^nA^x-A/l saddle. liait A mare nnpi 1 named inn Qfi Muriel cllA ripflrl was second, V Pfl.m( J buen talked about for a long time if he had been one of the fashionable cross-country riders. And he rode a really great race, too ; but his mount was hardly of the same quality as Iron Hook. PKOMONTORV was always favourite for the Balaclava Stakes, for which the good field of seventeen faced the starter. The Derby colt got well away, but when about half the journey had been cut out Novus,with her minimum weight,rushed to the front and looked like staying there, but Promontory tackled her like a lion-hearted one, and Tyropeau's jady daughter soon cut it. Carbinier and Jubilant both appeared on the scene to challenge the favourite, but they were just too late, and Promontory won his first race as a threeyear-old, a performance of merit, as he can be considerably improved upon, and I fancy the .Sydney Derby will see the son of Bill of Portland pretty well up in the van when the whips are cracking, as lie is a great stayer and a regular bulldog for a finish. TJIK Moondah Purse was a fair betting race, the first to be operated upon being Loch Fyne, whilst Malvada, Eileen More and Egypt were all very well supported early, and Palmerston came with a rattle at the finish. Malvada was tlie undoubted favourite at the word go, as there was no 3 to 1 obtainable, whilst Egypt and Kileen More were at '.) to 2, and Loch Fyne half a point longer. The top weight, Loch Fyne, was first into the straight from Malvada, and at the distance it looked as if the latter would reward his supporters, butEgypt came with avery strong run and won quite easily by three lengths, Malvada only just defeating Loch Fyne by a head for his 221b., so that I am afraid the three-year-old will not be one to set the Yarra on (ire, unless he improve as much as Lynch improved Forest. TO-.MOKKOW the postponed Moonee Valley meeting will take place, when there is bound to be a greit attendance ot racing men, as the coucse is so very convenient. to the Metropolis, and, moreover, is cheap in its fares, as any one can approach it IUI ix ikj\\\ pence IJI-Iuv by rail, and as there wieic are uuuu good ii elds everything ° maybe expected A to go ° off merrily. Os Saturday next the V.A.T.C. hold their final day at Caulfield, when this club will run off the only four miles Steeplechase in all Australia, and on that account it is specially worthy of the title of Grand National, which pertains to the great event of ever four miles and a-half disposed of every first J<riday in March at Aintree. The competitors for the thousand sovereigns first money have dwindled down to only fifteen, and it behoves me to try and select the winner of that lot. DOMINO 13.5 has 91b. more than he carried over the three miles at headquarters, where the big jumping was all in his favour, but meets his victor MYSORE on 101b. better terms, and in my opinion will reverse the positions. DITTO, wiio won last year with 11.4 has now 131b. more to carry, and will run a great horse. PIRATE is unreliable in his jumping, and OOYEN does not stay over Caulfield too well, but VIGIL and G; .ADsroyE are well handicapped, as is also TROY with 10.5, or 2lb. less than he carried at Fleming ton, whilst BCEO has lib. more. I shall pass on until I arrive at IRON HOOK, who has 35lb. less than she won with on Saturday last in first-class time, and I shall declare in favour of IRON HOOK, with DOMINO, DITTO, and TROY to follow her home. ARKARINOA HURDLE RACE. — TROPIC, 1; Timboon, 2 ; Chaplain, 3. 