PREACHING TO PREACHERS. A TYPICAL JOHN PLOUGHMAN. HELPING ORDINARY MEN TO SUCCEED. The Rev. Thomas Champness is a typical "John Ploughman.'" Put him In a smock frock, and his genial, homely face, and Lancashire dialect would complete tho picture. Yesterday ho mado his Sydney debut at tho Centenary-hall at n meeting of ministers. It Is not an easy task for a preacher to lecture preachers. But Mr. Champ ness' colloquial stylo captivated his audience from tbe first sentence. They laughed at his quaint humor, bubbling over as it did in almost every sentence; they enjoyed his homely wisdom as it came rippling forth in aphorism and epigram: they wero struck with the natural simplicity of tho man; and not less impressed with his apparent, sincerity and earnestness. Ex-president Rodd occupied tho chair, aud the Rev. W. G. Taylor read a letter of commendation from the Rev. W. Ij. Wntkiuson, on behalf ot the British Wesleyan Conference. Mr. Champness had no private in terests to serve, tho letter stated. "Wherever he may journey, his eye will be on the work of God. and his mind will be active to discern tho lessons and possibilities of that work. Tho axe that he has to grind is the one that he skilfully and vehemently wields upon tho Upas trees." This information was assuring to those who had not previously known what mauner of man Mr. Champness is, and more prepared to measure him by the experience gained from the ordinary run of peripatetic evangelists. "Let us try and think we aro religious people, and do without clapping," said Mr. Champness. in reply to the applause which greeted him as he rose to speak. "Clapping is all very well iu Its way, but I don't care about it." Then he gavo out a hymn "No angel choir in Heaven.-/ he Interjected, "can please Jesus like a choir of preachers who sing with their hearts iu tho words. The angels have never been on the plnn. (Laughter.) Tliey don't awe I-Iim what we owe Him." Coming to his address, bo said he wanted to look at somo of the characteristics of success — those things which helped ordinary people to suc ceed. They wore not extraordinary people. Tho Apostles were onlj' ordinary men. There was only one king skittle iu the set. Ordinary preachers did not look sufficiently after their health. Yale lecturers might do worse than show preachers how to have tho right kind of bodies. Christ took pains to use His body aright. He didn't do as some of tbem did — work themselves Into their graves beforo their work was done. There was no man to whom one days rest in seven was more of a duty than the preacher. They should keep ono day in seven, if it were only for the sake of their wives, to keep them out ot widows' weeds as long as possible, and to keep their own obituary notices cut of the conference minutes as long as possible. (Laughter.) Then, again, plenty of ministers carried a little hell inside of them, becaiKe they didn't mind what they ate. (Laughter.) To yor.ng preachers he would say, "Beware of things that won't help you to preach." A great deal they ate was ballast, and not cargo. (Laugflter.) God wanted strong, breezy ill en. Did Ho get His apostles from behind a counter? Wero there any men in tbe world with wider chests than fisher men? Christ Intended tbem to believe that the moro they were like fishermen In physique tho more likely thoy wero to receive the Holy Ghost. "God likes vigor, so don't waste your nervous power." Cheerfulness was a great help to bodily health. A good many ministers looked as though their souls were in pawn, and tliey had lost the ticket — (loud laughter) — and yot they gavo out. "Oh, for a thousand tonguos to sing." (Renewed laughter.) Let them as preachers look like men who were saving people from death — as though they belonged to the Almighty, and were linked on to His great scheme for saving men. Let them, like Baxter, go to Heaven once a day and. see the great and good people there. Healthiness and cheerfulness wero the two tilings he laid down as the first principles of success — and of course saintlinoss, but not sanctimoniousness or ccnsoriousncss. He was not a theologian, but he questioned whether tliey could get anything bet ter as a definition ot a Christian than that the whole man was Jesus Christ— that the blessed flag of Jesus Christ floated over tho whole man. (Applause.) Jesus Christ was the top lino iu their copybook, and they were to bo like Him. One of the attributes of saintlinoss was leaving a placo better than tliey found it. They always knew whore to find Jesus Christ. If they iiad looked for Ilim in Jerusalem tliey would have found Him. Wherever tliey had come across a blind man witli a dog and a bit of string, tliey would have said, "He's not been here." (Laugh ter.) But it thoy found a man breaking sticks, any saying, "Here, wife, this'll do to light the fire," they could say, "He's been here." (Laugh ter.) Naturalness wao another essential to the proachor's success. Thoy should try to make themselves all that God intended them to he — that which made them ministers was tho characteristic, and idlosyncraey. The gospel chariot was not a hearse — not. a thing to put a corpse into. (Laughter.) There were uo ready-made clothes for preachers — they must be made to measure. That's what had made Parker what lie was. He had coaxed out Joseph for ail lie was worth — (laughter) — some sawdust as well as diamonds, hut always diamonds. (Re newed laughter.) It was the same with Spur- geon and tlieir beloved Hughes. Ho .said, "Let IT.P.H. como up right to tho front." (Laughter.) When he hail starLeil to preach, an old former had reminded liirn that tho Lord had . two kinds of preachers, those who played on tho stiver trum pet and those who played cn tho ram's horn. (Laughter.) lie himself had practised on the ram's horn, and found it capable or great expan sion. (Laughtei,'.) Ho did not plead for coarse ness, hut lie believed in giving a man room. When Samson killed tho lion he did not danca a minuet, but tho lion know there was a man coming. (Laughter.) "Don't bo afraid of ani mal enjoyments. There is always something good in a man with a' back to Ills head." (Laughter.) Tho greatest power outside the Almighty was prayer, and that was within tho reach of all preachers. Tlio success of prayer was largely mea sured by desire ami faith. Tliey would honor God and their prayer meetings if they only prayed for what tlicy desired. (Applause.) In. the evening Mr. Champness gavo a Bible reading in tho same building 011 Elijah. 