PROFESSIONAL fe# " PtfeET&ilicJT.; "'Jltery flog basjila day.'. -Shtii Wig tfae rem Ark of Harri- 1 wooWtoh WBeii M'liean put him nwhy at Kdr- bcr'e sportB. WoofStofi liadpferltrtrfly shown Tittoton 'a JWiBt.TpSpd .TYdnny bad returned the compliment. So that tthha the thteh men met at the Slawell Sports, things (Were a tilt Cota- pileatel. Anyhow. Wboteton Was glfefi a tenner to sing dhtob, and Was let Into the know. . After winning 476 had 145 .-On M'Lean's (Warren) tWo hOAtS, Woslettm coolly showed the Ob lining push another ' point ' by pht- tltrg them Sway after scooping a nice pot It Was tunhSlhg to see WootStSn chatlng Mtiean up the Main street ct Stowell, And the latter just snvedhlin- eelf from 'stopping A few by rnlh- In Intfl A clinri fePrpAififinp ' Wnnfif ' lid, lift, Barney, bow & y©tf like tbftt ? Trcnny. in tbe meantime, was mfe$!b&( and prrhnpsitwasjnst as htfod- for his pbyeog that he Was. fiVfetythlng lsfft finished with the StaWeif Bandidap yet ; In fact, certain gentlemen might find themselves In a very Sad predlea- ifiont before long, ibe; ' Hate is to be crushed. M'tnh . lias Waid it— dye, -sworn It- grop ft, JSnfuey, f!Mu make us feel ah though. the one wish of (Hit heart was going toW. M'liean bas'hedn appropriately auhbod ''file GhOst.' whether it was the frlglit he received When Wddlston Was chks- liig him, 6T the Shihiifit Of tnoiiey he lest. We know dot ; trtit the barber at runt would hinke a good scarecrow for tine tit the 1 Plains farmers."— Another amiising revelation of the no torious il'Lean-Cuffi-Wdrrefi ease, for WhlfcU we are lm'< f ted to toe ' Bunfla- berg Patriot." TBlis a RIverlnft efchahge :=' ®he crons pea. nas oeon naving such a good time throughout the country dis tricts in the North-BaAt that combined fiCtlob IS being Suggested with a View to preventing the fraudulent appropria tion tif prlke/ money." Despite the photographing of susplctduS rannSrs, demanding statutory declarations Of Identity, and other supposed safe guards, the enterprising professional ped. seems to be giving the coufitty apbrts promoter a very bad deal lately. Mr. J. E. liay presided at a meeting tif the OttinperdoWn A.C. last week, Called for the purpose of considering the protest against Kelly, the Winner of the Hurdle Race at the last sports. Evidence whs given by the sectihd man, Bfeen, to the effect that Kelly had taken part In a race at the Sloft- lake Sports on fifth December, 1&7, and also on 28th December, 1898. Ar- ter considerable discussion It was de cided to" refer the whole matter td the Victorian Athletic League for their de cision. The Winner tif the Jlalden Plate at FootScfay declares that he will no longer be fiofabugged by the secretary Of Committee of the Sports, and if his prize, which he says be justly won. Is not fort-booming by the end tif this week (he will adopt a course npt at ail pleasing to tie Footscray sports execu tive. He Is quite prepared to sign a declaration that he is whait he repre sents himself to he, but slates he » not even been given the opportunity of doing this. 