On the Edge or Doom CHAPTER VI.— (Con linued.) A DIIEAM OF BAKETT. ' Cristiano, you monkey,' ho said, ' I ?want to speak to you. Do you know you have novel- said you wore sorry that theso people wero coming, never said you would miss our long, happy days together P' 1 ' But I won't,' calmly ; ' you'll bo here. I You're not going to die, or anything are you ?' She had turned round to him as she spoke, and her violet-grey eves were raised to his. her roso coloured lips parted in a mockery that stung for all its swootness. Two hands that were light and yet hard as iron wero laid on her shoulders, before she know it; Miles Cylmor's face with, a strango, Bweot pity on it that she had never seen there, was borit down to lier's. ' Cristinne', little girl, I want you to promise me something. If anything goes wrong with you — will you como to me ?' ' What do you mean, Miles P' sho said soberly, ' what could could go wrong — whilo I have fathor P' His hands woro hard on hor shoulders. ?' I don't know — but I love you, and some how I'm afraid for you.' - Ho spoke stumblingly — in his outraged pity that ho thought was love — how could ho keep his raging pulso quiet P How could ho mako this child who did not love him, come to his heart P ' Can't you care a littlo, swoothoart ?' ho whispered. ' Can't you marry mo P' Marry him, Miles Cylmer, who waB liko a brothor P ' , ' I, I don't think I could, Miles,' Christiano said slowly' ' I ? ' ' Try.' His face was closo to her's, sho could fool his breath, sweet and warm on her cheek. Was this Miles, who had novor even thought of making love to her P Why, ho was trembling ! With a Budden, wild rebellion tho girl toro herself away from him. ' Don't touch mo,' sho panted. ' Marry you — 1 would as soon marry Thomas tho butler; I've known him from a child too!' with angry scorn. ? Cylmer, very whito and quiot, let his hands drop to his sides. ' All right,' ho Baid quietly, ' wo won't speak of it. And I won't como ovor any more — aftor to-day.' ' You needn't.' Sho was struggling with tears. Sho did not know why. ' I — I wish you'd go homo now !' stamping hor foot. ' I will ; but I'm going up to seo theso daughters of Iloth firBt,' ho roturnod quietly. ' Don't dare to ask mo to marry you again,' shb cried, childishly, 'because I don't like it ! ' And you're not to stay to tea now — or como horo any moro till I ask you.' ' I will not. I shall lot Thomas try his luck.' Mr. Cylmor's voice was not without temper. Ho marched beside hor ovor tho dun, wintry grass in silence, turning many things in his mind. 'Oh!' cried Cristiano, angrily, ' thoro thoy are now, on tho torraco. Daddy said I ?waB to bo certain to meot thom whon they came, and I'm not tlioro, and it's all your fault,' Sho hurried on to tho great stono torraco that lay full in tho wintry sunshine. Two ?women stood thoro, both tall and slender, both dros'sed iu black. Cristiano was running now, to join' thom, and a strango suporstitious feel ing mado Cylmer quickon his stops aftor hor. esomohow it was ominous — uncanny ; tlio gin in all her youth and purity hurrying toward thoso strango womon in black. ' God only knows whon slio'll get rid of thom !' Cylmor growled with more truth than ho knew. As ho noarod thom, Ismay, with a quick glanco at ^is approaching figure through tho thick spotted not of liov veil, turned quiotly and wont into tho houso. Who was this whoso walk, whoso faco, sho know so woll, oven though it was paly once in hor lifo that sho had seon .thom P -She lookod sharply 'round the groat, dim hall. It was ompty, tho sorvantB had gone. From ita slioltor, dark aftor tho sun outsido, tho girl poorod carof ully out through tho wido craolc of tho hall door. Oh ! if it wore ho, how should alio moot him P Would ho know hor P And what would he say P Hor heart fairly stood still as sho lookod ?with hor vory soul in her. oyos, through tlio crack to tho group inside. And thon it hounded with a rapturo that was pain. It' was ho — tho man himself for whoso sako sho had boon loth to loavo London lost sho might miss tho ohanco sight of his faco in tho ?streets 1 Thirstily sho drauk'in tho strong hoaufcy of his face, whoso clear out linos woro stamped on hor hoart. Not a thread of . his shooting tweeds, his dull rod tio, was lost on hor. Hor delicate hands woro clonohod hard in hor smart now glovos as bIio stared — for who was lio, and what was ho doing horo alono with this goldon hairod girl P A wild joalousy caught hor at tho hoart with a pain that was bodily. _ If ho wore coming in, sho darod not moot him, undor tlio oyos of hor mothor and Ci'istiauo lo Marchant, Sho tnrnod liko n liuntod haro, and flod swiftly into tho first room sho saw ; it was doaortod nnd firoloss, thoy would not oomo thoro. And vot whilo sho hid, sho would havo givon tho lifo from hor broast, to moot thoso grave swoot oyos again with horB. Cylmor had scarcely noticed that tho younger of tint two strangers had gouo.ho did not ovon look at tho door through which sho had vanished as ho stoppod to Cristiano s sido with an involuntary instinct of protoc tivonoss. Tho girl gradually introdueod hira, as ono might a troublosomo child. .' My cousin, Mrs. Trolano,' sho unid j sho did not ovon montion Cylmor's uatno. Mrs. Trolano bowod graciously 5 if sho had not boon oxoitod and prooccupiod at mooting Gnspnrd lo Marohant's daughtor on whom hor stay in safety and security at Marcliant's Hold ' depended, she might havo seen that Cylmer bent on her an uncomfortably search ing stare. But Cristiano had turned toward him. ' Good-bye,' sho said, hastily, ' so sorry you can't come in.' And before he could answer she had swept Mrs. Trelane into tho house. Mr, Cylmer was dismissed in disgrace. Yet as he turned away, he scarcely thought of it. ' Now what,' he said to himself, ' docs that woman remind me of P I never saw her before.' Yet the carriage of her head, her long throat, was somehow familiar ; and as he thought there came to him the sudden vision of a little rose coloured room, full of a haunt ing scent of hitter almonds. ' What nonsense !' he thought irritably. 'Why should Sir Gaspard's cousin remind me of poor Abbotsford ? And then he Btopped short, an noyingly conscious that he must bo making n, fool of himself. For I10 remembered now that Mrs. Trolano had held a handkerchief in her hands, Ho had sinelled that smell of bitter almonds in reality, tho woman and her handkerchief reeked of peach blossom. And yet he was puzzled — and might havo been more so had he known whoso strango green eyes had peered at laim through tho crack of a sheltering door. Tho wAman in his thoughts was standing just then in her bedroom at Marcliant's Hold, with her hostess beside her. ' You must bo tired,' Cristiano said, ' do como to dinner in a tea gown. Wo shall bo alono, for thoro was no ono I could have asked to meet you except Miles Cylmer, whom you saw just now. ' Miles Cylmor!' Mrs. Trelane turned hor back sharply, in her sudden sick surprise. ' Mr. Cylmer, of Cylmer's Perry. He lives near, and ho comes vory often when father is at home.' A new self-consciousness born of tho after noon, kept the girl from looking nt her guest, ' Como down,' sho said abruptly, ' whon you're ready.' The door had hardly closed behind hor before Ismay, in the noxt room, hoard horsolf called. ' What is it P' sho asked, standing in tho doorway. ' Aro you ill ?' For Airs. Trelane ivns sitting down as if her strength woro gone, gazing Btraight boforo hor as one who sees a ghost. ' Isinay,' Bhe said, ' that man who was horo this afternoon, do you know who he is P' The girl hesitated ; had her mothor known moro than sho knew about her visit to the Palnce Theatre? - 'Do I know his name?' she parried. ' No, — why p' Mrs. Trolano roso, staggered, and sat down again. 'I can't look,' sho said. ' Open tho door into tho passage, and seo if that girl has gono. Quick !' ' It's all right,' Ismay said, after a con temptuous survey. ' Why P I don't seo why you're looking as if you wore going to bo seasick.' ' Look here,' Mrs. Trelane, said, roughly, ' do you remember tho Abbotsford business P This man who wag hero to-day is Cylmer of Cylmor's Ferry.' It was Ismay's turn to stare with haggard eyes. . 'You don't moan it?' bIio cried fiercely, but with tho low voice of caution. ' You don't mean to say that we'll have to got out of hero?' How could sho not havo known him that day in Onslow Squaro ? 'I don't know.' A shudder shook her like a leaf. ' Did ho look at mo, or anything ? I was too takon up — with tho girls. I didn't notice,' hor words coming iu jerks. ' Oould you boo from woro you wero ?' ' I did frankly, 'I10 stared at you liko anything.' ' Givo mo a drink,'! tho oldor woman said slowly. ' There's brandy in my bag.' one swauowea ic, ana sat snout, witu ciosoa oyos. Tho colour crept back into hor lips, and slio lifted hor hoad and lookod at hor daughter. '? I'm making a fool of myself,' sho ojnou lated, ' ho novor saw mo, novor hoard of mo, any moro than anyone olso did whon thoro was all that trouble, Jiut 11 was tnat very | Miles Cylmer who was Abbotsford's doarost | friend, and strainod ovory norvo to find out . who tho woman . was' that — that was at tho bottom of it.' Hor oyoB dilated till thoy lookod black in hor colourless faco. Ismay stared at hor mothor. ' Do you think I10 ovor saw that photograph I mado you go back and get, when you — found him ?'- Bhe askod sternly'. ' If I10 did you may havo trouble. Ho lookod ft deter mined sort of man, dogged* you know. But lio's tho handsomest man I ovor laid oyos ou !' ' What does it matter what he looks like, if ho is that Cylmor p' Mrs, Trolano oriod angrily. ' I talk about lifo and death, and you go on about tho man's looks. What do they matto'r to you P' \- ' A groat doal.' Tho girl'B oyos glittorod vory groon to-night. ' Tho ramuto I saw him I moant to marry him. Do you supposo I'd take pains to make him liko mo if ho woro ugly?' ' I know you wouldn't ; not to savo mo from .anything.' Mrs. Trolano roturnod bittorly. Sho had good reason to know that no power on oarth oould foroo Ismay to bo civil. ' But you'ro talking nonsonso. As things aro, wo must try to keep tho man from coming horo. You can't daro to try your hand on him j wo must steer olear of him.' ' And sot him wondoring why wo should try to avoid him P' moaningly. ' No, no ! Lot mo alono. Only, try to throw your raind baolc. Did I10 got into Abbotsford's room bofore you had taken away that pioturo P' , Sho lookod liko an aoousing judgo at hor mothor, ooworing on tho sofa undor hor oyos. ' Oh, Ismay !' tho womau oriod w.iwtohodly, ' I don't know, I don't know. I wont baok for it — I was just taking it — whon thoro was a noiso. I got bohind a eirrtain. Somoono oamo in, and wont out again, without noticing-— Abbotsford,' hot* voioo low, tromulous with wooping. ' I took tho photograph and got out of tho houso somehow. 1' didn't moot anyojio. I must havo boon at homo an hour boforo anyone — found Abbotsford.' ( M Thon why should you bo .so idiotic?' jumping up in hor roliof. ' It oould not havo boon Cylmor who oarao in—' It was. Ho said so afterwards.' 'Woll, I10 dulu'fc soo you. As for the photograph,, ho obuldn't liavo noticed , it onough to know you by. You wonld havo boon ruinod if you had not gono baok and got it though!' .. ' It was Providential.' Mrs. Trelane breathed freer. 'It was what?' cried Ismay. She went into a paroxysm of low laughter. 'Providence — and you ! But I think you're all right — you forgive my smiling ? I think he just stared at you because you and I are probably in his way here; that was all. Only I wouldn't let liim see you in a whito evening gown ; that might remind him.' ' I wish I had never seon Abbotsford.' Mrs. Trelane's tears had washed channels in her powder. She looked wan and old where she sat, ' I bore tho brunt— and Marcus has tho diamonds.' 'And we're well out of it at that,' Ismay rejoined significantly, ' For at last I hope we're rid of him. He'll never find us here.' ' Ho'd find us in our graves,' trenchantly. ' And you've got to manage him. Don't go and get into any mad pursuit of Mr. Cylmer, for if Marcus caught you at it — ' Sho paused, for Ismay was standing over her in a cat-like rage. ' Marcus !' she said scornfully. ' What do I care for your Marcus P I am not bound to him ; it is you that need fear him, hot I ! And ns far as you are concerned, what do 1 owe you ? You neglectod mo, cast mo off, and when I came back to you that madness about Lord Abbotsford camo on you. I told you not to go that day — I knew there would bo trouble — and now it may bo going to ruin my wholo life.' ' What do you mean P You're talking nonsense. And considering you've only seen Cylmor through the crack of a door, you're pretty certain of him,' sneeringly, ? ? ? Ismny drew a long breath. f ' I've seon him before — never mind where,' sho said. ' And I10 may be Cristiane's property,' with angry warning. Ismay Hung up her handsome head. ' Ho may belong to all tho saints in Heaven,' her voice hard as ico, ' but he will come to mo in tho end.' {To be continued). , N 