Gossip. An odd thing ubout white wits is this, I never saw them living till the other day in Queensland. I've known the beggars nearly all my life, and I've seen their vast nests twent feet high in South American forestB, and in many other places, yet I nnvnr saw th'-m flv. That's odd, isn't it t I expect that I'm as blind as my neighbours in regard to most thing*. I'll tell you a curious fact, that has nothing to do with ants. If I. go out anywhere for pleasure I see very little. I nes-er can tell what any body wears, or anything else. But if I go out for 'copy' 1 see everything, and enquire about everything, and make mental notes that stand me in good stead all the time. Every man to his business ! That's the way it's been with me over the white ants. I used to keep ants and study them, and I'll tell you about them some day if ever I get the chance ; but the subject before the house uow is white ants — which are not ants at all, but termites. One day a few of us were going to a place on the beach, and we had to cross an old farm place, with a deserted home stead. The house was all in ruins, and we looked in at the door, for such derelicts have a weird attraction for me. Somebody once lived there ; to somebody it was onco home, and all the griefs ami joys and weddinas and buryings seem to haunt the place. That's why Ugilvie's ' Deserted ' appeals to meao atrougly— ' Come, come away from the lonely home Softly, softly as mourners tread : The world is wide ; th--re is space to roam Without awaking the sleeping dead. Till the last of tho scattered (lowers shall wither, The last of tho (dockyard rails decay, Till the old walls crumble and fall to gether The ghosts will move in the moonlight gray.' In this old house the white ants had eaten all the woodwork. They had devoured the floor, and that had fallen in. They had destroyed all that was eatable, and they ' had raised a great column of clay up to the roof, and it looked like a support to the rafters, but it was not. 'Twus merely the covered way of the family, by which they roached to new fields for destruction. They live on vegetable fibres, but they are fairly omnivorous. They eat paper and mats and plants, and all soits of tilings, and they keep so quiet over it all that you never seem to kuow that they have arrived till after their work is done. What interests 'mo' most about them is the fact that they have more than two; sexes 1 Wo only have males, and 'females. Some of our males ire. ' old women,' of course, and some of our females are very masculine; but these are what the scientific men call ' sports '' or ' varia tions.' We have, fairly spoiking, only two Boxes, hoys and girls Of course, we have 'infants' and 'weans' and ' bairns,' but they all come under one of the two heads ultimately. The white ants havo four sexes ! They have males and females, the same as us, then they havo 'soldiers arid .workers. The workers uiv really undeveloped females, and the soldiers are undeveloped males. The duty of the neuters, as they call the ladies who don't want to marry, is to do all the hard graft of the colony. They have no question of women's rights in a white ant colony. Out1 section of the community, the female section, is born to work, and they do. Tho soldiers are born to light, and they do. Hut the males and females ilun't devote themselves solely to 'this fullilm.iit of the divine com mand, to ' bis fiuitful and multiply and replenish the earth.' It's a wasteful method that wo have, mid it's no wonder that the infant mortality is-.so frightful. Tho white auts give the luiiiinttes of replenishing tho earth to.n king and a quern. They feed the queon up some way and tit her for t!io business, and they put her into a palace, and there sho has to stay. She's liko the Kinpeior of China; Mio iiui.il never leave hor apartments. When 1 was a little boy 1 was in China, and L used to laugh about, tho Kmporor of the I'lowoiy l/ind. When he was crowned, tho sun was not good enough to shine on his loyal head, and lioM got to stay in his palace all the lime. I'd rather have been a hungry little boy, with no shoes, and lliu right' to mum, than an Kmporor shut up in a palace. Hut llio white mils havo n definite put pose in shut ting their queen up. They build a .clay palace for lior, and they make a royal chamber for her. Tho way into tin; royiil chamber is by a row nf liny little hol.s all round tho chamber. Tho queen goes in with them, fur she i.s jusl like the rust of her subjects ut one Hint', and there ~ho takes up ho.' abode. Then she hi gins in grow. As sho grows, tho ants enlarge tho chamber uud enlarge it and enlarge it, till sho has done, growing. When sho has begun to grow, Mm cun'l got out, oven if sho wauled to, but when die has attained her full size, you might 'as well try Id got a wool-loaded diay through a drawing mom door. She. grown to bo Wo or three, inches long, and thick in proportion, and all ihu time she has only her tiny little head, and queer woi'-lnolhod m unliblos. Tho little neuters attend on' her; food hor, enlarge her room, and watt (in her like loving obtain u, until mIh! begins to lay eggs. Then tho fun commences. As soon as tho queen begins to lay eggs, the neuters have tin ir work cut out for them. They each grab an ogg and run out through one of the tiny holes in the cham ber into the places in the nest that are pre pared for the eggs. They deposit the egir carefully, then away back for another. As her majesty lays twenty or thirty million eggs in a season, you cm guess what a buf.y time they have. There must bo an enormous number of neuters inanest,andthoy'vegotto keep on the moveall the time. The females take part in this work too, for nobody else in the nest lays egga except the queen. That's a real, economical plan, and a successful one. If somebody came along and killed a queen they'd get another. How ? They make her ! 1 don't know how. That's a secret of the white ants. They feed a female till she's ready to be a queen. They feed the eggs on the pupa:, so as to make them bring forth what sexes they want. If they are short of neuters, they breed neuters ; if they are short of males, they breed males ; but the males are of very little account in a white ants' nest ! If they want soldiers they breed soldiers. Then we think we are clever. Bah ! we're not in it with white ants. They are wise and economical, and they don't use their senses to fly against the moral law. Man is the ' wise ' animal of the earth, and he uses hia ' wisdom ' to flout the laws that make for Tightness, and then he crows, and calls himself ' the lord of creation. '' And he isn't as wise as a white ant. The soldier* of the white ant empire do nothing but eat and tight. If you knock a hole iii a white ants' nest, the s ildiers rush out to bite you. The neuters and the males and the females run off to a sife place, and leave the men, who's business is lighting, to do the fighting. If they were all to get killed, tho natives would breed some more ; soldiers are born to get killed, and if they die at their posts, well, that's what they were born for. Nobody weeps over them. No wonder the white ants are a power in the earth. They are a ' feeble folk ' indeed, but they are able to do things that we are not, and to undo a lot of things that we do. When the pairing season comes, they de velop wings and they fly abroad to seek for new worlds to conquer. If you get a white ant and bend its wings forward with a pin, they drop off as easily as anything If you pull them backward you can't tear them off at any price. When they fly, all the creeping world seems to feed on them, and they have enemies everywhere. It is well for us that it is so, or else thoy would eat us out of house and home. Why don't some of you people who are cursed by white ants study their ways? They are marvellous insects. 