“ TI1E NORRIE MEMORIAL CIIUKCII.” A vory pleasing ceremony was witnessed at Cudgawa on Friday last by a large number of friends of the late David Nome and mem bers of the Presbyterian Church and other denominations. The time appointed being three o’clock in the afternoon, shortly after that hour the Rev. \V. Campbell Lahore opened the proceedings with a short prayer, after which was sung the following verses of the 122nd Psalm: “ I joy’d when to the House of God, Go up, they said to me. Jerusalem, within thy gates, our feet shall standing be. •• Jerus'lem, as a city, is compactly built together: Unto that place the tribes go up, the tribes of God go thither." This was followed by the reading of 1st Chronicles, 29th chapter, verses 10 to 18, and 1st Peter, 11th chapter, verses 1 to 7, after which the following and other prayers were offered:— . ; . . “ Lord Jesns Christ, Son of the Living God, true Corner-Stone, immutable Foundation, establish Thou this stone which we plant in Thy name. And do Thou, who art the beginning and the end, in whom all things were oroated, vouchsafe Thy presence, that this work, undertaken for Thy Bervice, may be carried on and perfected to the praise and glory of Thy holy name, who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, livest and reigncst, one God, world without end. Amen." Mrs Urquhart then, in tho dignified and pleasing manner that it is her privilege to possess, laid the memorial stone, which was suitably inscribed, this ceremony being fol lowed by a short prayer:— In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, we lay this stone.In this place may the faith flourish, ths fear of God, the love of the brethren : Hero may the voice of prayer con tinually be heard, the voice of rejoicing and salvation, the voice of praise and invocation of Thy most glorious and honorable name, even the name of the Father, and of the 8on, and of the Holy Ghcst, henceforth and for ever. Amen.” A portion of tho 81th Psalm was then " How lorely is Thy dwelling-place, 0 Lord of Hosts, to tna 1 The tabernacles of Thy grace How pleasant, Lord, they be 1 “ My thirsty soul longs veh'mently. Yea faints, Thy courts to see : My very heart and flesh cry out, 0, Living God, for Thee 1 The Rev. Mr Lahore then addressed the assemblage, and in well-ehoseu and very suitable language, stated that they were present to witness the placing of a memorial stone in a building where he trusted that Gospel truths would be faithfully and earnestly laid before the people who in years to come would worship thero; and also that it would prove to be a blessing in the neigh borhood, which was the desire of tho generous donor, who, from his wealth which his intelli gence and industry had gathered, fully recognised that it was not his to keep, and had shown a Christian example in devoting a portion to the erection of a building which was to bo devoted to God's service. All who had tbo pleasure of knowing Mr Norrio, when they heard of his sudden death, felt thoy had lost a genial and kind friend, and, though during the present generation his memery would remain green, the building he left in their midst would stand as an unfading momento of one of the last acts of a good man and one whoso example it would be well to follow. He also referred to the gonorous conduct of Mr Briggs in coming forward and offering land for the building, which was also an cxamplo of which we may feel proud, for it was by such aotB.that the Church of Christ, in a great measure, ocenpios the firm position that it does to-day. After the address, a portion of the 5I7lh hymn was sung:— •' Christ is made ths^ore_Frmnd«.tion Chosen of the Lord, and precious, Binding all the Churcn in one, Holy Sion’s help for ever, And her confidence alone. " To this temple, where wo cal! Thee, Coma, O Lord of hosts, to-day I With Thy wonted loving-kindness Hear Thy people as they pray ; And Thy fullest benediction Shed within it3 walls for aye." The ceremony concluded'with the Bene diction. A shelter from the sun had thoughtfully been erected, provided with seats and a table. On the latter sundry baskets of good things made their appearanoe, accompanied by re freshing cups of tea, and after these had been thoroughly appreciated, the company broke up and returned to their respective homes. 