ANTIALBUIY. ex ,· Th?"Daily Telegraphi(Sydney), writi:. 'eclaim"to' thercapital, whenever it may be shifted' under that remarkable clause which runs 'The Parliament shall sit at Melblourne until it meets at the seat of government.' Where is Albury appealing for support to a claim which, admittedly, it has as much right to put forward as any other town in New South Wales outside the hundred mile radius from Sydneyl Naturally, net to Noe South Wales. Here every town having i. ghost of a chance is running its own claims for all they are worth. It was a Victorian who urged the people of Albury to awaken the people of his colony to the advantages they -had to offer, and to invite delegates from Victorlan towns for the purpose. It must be admitted that in the Federal Parliameht a Victorian vote will be just as goad as one from New South VWales In determining the situation of the capital, and the people of Albury are wise in theirgeiisration in taking the steps they have decided upon. For all that, Albury is prdsticaliy Victorian already, and, were it'totsucceed, Melbourne would be the port for the federal capital beyond all question. Had the Commonwealth Bill provided that the hundred miles ban, should have applied to the southern border of this colony equally with Sydney, the situation would have been far more clearly and faily indicated. As it is, the fight over the location may go on inter minably. Canada could not settle the question of her capital, nor could New Zealand. Canada had to appeal to the Queen to fix the site, while New Zealand was compelled to appeal to New South Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania to fix the locality of her capital. It is a struggle which will set all parts of this colony against each other, to the weakening of its vote materially, and at such times the collective votes of a neighboring State will tell with far greater effect. had the bill definitely left the question of deter mining 'the- seat of government' to the Queen, as Canada did prior to Federation, wes might have had the locality fixed w; .within-Itwelve.,months. - As is, there is " ,,nothing' in. the bill rendering it impera. live to sattle the question at any time, and the bill certainly does not give this colony the smallest privilege to determine the Ssite herself." \- Mr E, W. O'Sullltan writesto a Sydney paper:-" To place the capital in Albury would be equivalent to having it a suburb of Melbourne, for the inluence of that city will be paramount there, and all the trade and commerce attached to the fede ral capital will be done by the Victorian metropolis. This 'would mean a serious blow to Sydney, and the proposal ought not to be tolerated by any psrson whose interest is identified with the city. The Governor.Oesieral will be obliged to reside at the federal capital, and where he is there will'gather the butterflies of fashion and society. This means that many of the richest families in Sydney will reside for a.considerable portion of the year in Albury, and this, in conjunction with the loss of the trade of the 10,0000 or 15,000 persons who will be settled in the federal capital, will':be seriously felt by our btusi ness men. To have the federal capital at Bomballwould be only one degree less dangerous than having it at Albury. Bomrn bale -is about 40 miles from Twofold Bay, wherea rival part to Sydney will arise as soon as the capital is established inland, and this would materially injure the ship:' Sping and commercial interests of Port Jackson.", - SAvnacanoy exists for the position of first female assistant in the .Wodonga State School. - - 