Shoots of ore. Aberfoyle tin mine, Ben Lomond, has been floated in Melbourne, and £10,000 placed to the credit of the company. Australian Mining Btahdard says i— ' Messrs. John and Norman Godkin, of Tas- mania, are reported to have struck a splen- did copper proposition near Cloncurry (Q), and could already clear £20,000 each. Some of the Mount Lyell men are in it, and Mr. Schlapp has gone up to inspect. Weatern'ij latest output, July 19, 489 tons j marketable ore returned, 76 tone. The New Yarmouth Proprietary (late Yarmouth), Scamander River, is on deck again, and means business this time. The property is near the Eastern Proprietary and some of the stuff has assayed up to. 14dwts gold, 19 to 40oz silver, and 22 to 31 per cent lead. White Pinafore : Started ornshinff on Wednesday. This mine has pot some heart into befroy. The company meant business from the start, and new hata are being wagered tbat the stock will touoh 6a bofore the week is oat. There is not maoh gusli aboot(ii3 m&UBgcr; either— ne'e not one of tbat sort. Talisman, Lsfroy : Very near it ; going through splendid ooantry for a lode ; every foot or two we out a qoarU leader aroniug tbe drive. New Monarch : Plenty of sales daring tbe week up North at Is 7-J. Mine looking well. Great Sontbern : Very unpleasant. The following telegram was posted at the Stock Exchange, Melbourne, on Monday :— ' Gor- manston, Tasmania, July 82. Much indig- nation. Wages due Wednesday last, Great Southern, not paid. Storekeepers refusing them further credit.' Reported that Mr. Pfaft, secretary of the 0c0., had made ar- rangements for the men's pay till the need- ful comes from London. North Tasmania: Looking really well. The lode in the east level is 2ft wide, and shows payable gold. Devon: Have sent out to date close on 2000 bags of ore. Have on hand 100 bags filled. Splendid returns from tbe Dapto Smelting Works every time. Payable gold is said to have been found recently near Orange, N.B.W. Bays a Melbourne paper, ' A lease peg bas been put up in Powers' Gully, Jameson, Vic. (where bushranger Power stnok up the coach and overhauled tbe mails), bearing the announcement that a lease for six months had been made b; ' Crotty and Co.' Aa the couutty ie not stanniferous, and Mr. Crotty is dead, tbe announcement may be looked upon as a wooden-headed joke. He MouDt Morgan : From the anuuil report jqst pnbliehed mention is made of tbe fact tbat during the year just oonoluded tbe total expenditure wit £746,876 inolusive of £850,000 in dividends and £150,097 in wages, and tbe total reoeipts were £666,286. The stone treated during the year wat 804,602 tons, averaging lOdnt, or 6dwt lees than the avorage of 1898. New mundio works, at a cost of £611,786, have been reoently erected. Be dredging, ' Tailings ' writes from N.Z. to Bulletin- : ' For week ending June 27 public dredges got l27Oo« gold, or an ave raire of 47o» per dredge, and this partionlar week is only an average one. As tha big gest dredge -working oan pay exes on 9ot per week, it ran easily be seen what bonan zas some companies are. Writer reckons that about £600,000 worth of gold is being won annually by Olago dredges alone. Golden Gate Las declared another 2s divi dend. The prospectus of tbe West White Pina fore is now on the market. Now Cosmopolitan: Out stone bank of South drive showing pyrites. South Hingarooma : Carting stone to battery. Silver Queen : Sampled 6 tons firsts, 12 tons concentrates ; tributoni, 29 tons. Arba: Cleaniug up tins week; making good headway with the Ormui race, liei Hill: Have already delivered 110 bags of tin to Avoaa station. Battery only running two shifts owing to carters not being able tc deliver sufficient ore to keep same rnnniDg full time. Mount Lyell : Tun smelters now in full blast. As there is a large quantity of matte on hand, it is expected that this month's output will bo a record one. At tbe half-yearly meeting of tbe Little Wonder Co., held in Launoeston, it was stated that the expenditure for that period had been £781 9e 6d, and the receipts £851. Tbe shaft had already been sunk 286ft, and after going down a little further the mana ger will open out. A Derby correspondent writes to a Nor thern paper to say the distriot is literally alive with fossiokera owing to the high prioe of tin. One of the most valuable mineral cargoes that has left the port of Lasnceston was tbat shipped by tbe Pataena to Melbourne from Launceston on Tuesday last. It in cluded tin in ingote and silver ore to tbe valae of £12,283. A German firm bos made an offer to the directors of the Hercules mine for permis sion to have a test sample of ore sent to their works at Frankfort on Maine. The request is being considered. Argent ( British Zuehan): A small par cel of gossan from Lambert's tribute bas been sold to the smelters at the rate of £60 14s 4d per ton. Crown Lyell has had a bit of lack in striking a small rich lode, bearing ohlorito eoliist, in an excavation for the manager's house. It is intended to at onoe sink (he shaft another 100ft. Chamberlain: This neglected mine is looking well and justifies extra labor. In the winze (he lode is nearly 2ft wide, and is apparently making. Driving in No. t is being played with. Salisbury : Prospecting. It is thought that it will be easy to piok up one of the Chamberlain lodes. The Tas. Copper Co. are preparing an other 60 tone of ore for shipment to London. Mt. Black Extended at a depth of 00ft, bas proved the lode 9ft wide, averaging 6 per oent copper, a little silver, and a trace of gold. fiuge pieces of bornite are being won from North Lyell No. 1 tunnel. Negotiations between the North Lyell and Tharsis for the conveyance of ore our the aerial tram have collapsed, and the former are now surveying a route to connect with the smelters. The Lyell Thareie will declare a div at the half- yearly meeting, and shareholders may anticipate that the ghost will henceforth walk at regular intervals, as the mine never looked better. 600 tons a week are being broken and bagged. Poor grade metal is in eight at Glen Lyell, not averaging 6 per cent. Silver Queen : Lode of seoonds, about 3ft wide, bas been cnt.' The Oonah continues to look well. Ore being won from the stones and bottom levels, though is the latter it is a bit bunchy. The div. is being reoeived with a emile; but speculators are not anxitni for the sorip, foif a pertain Aigliolder want, to '? unload he will fiad it dijBJult & d™™^ . sustain the market. _ T ?»?«? It is mid that work wiU be reoommenoed by the Sylvester Co. in the main working! It it it icbended to allow thetmeltingsyndl cate to finanoo the mine, it will be 'heads I win and tails you lose ' for the Germans although at the finish they may finfl tliem selves glutted with non-paying nronerrifu. The HthnU PewPdu!SoV«Prier«e*.o very ooon that the mine manager prohibits examination, and theourious are warned off the premises 11 Mr, Adam .Lee, who visited tbe Anchor mine in the interests or the English share, holders, took 'ome with him a wry rosy ac count of the prospeota of the big tin show wbich he trimmed np with prospect y» golden d.ivs. Eeferring to prospecting Daedes' face, from whioh a trial crashiuff ot 100 tons gave a result of 11 per oent, he says, ' the best feature is that the further we drive into it toward the body of out pro perty, and the deeper we sink upon it, the bettor it goes, oarrying with it every sign of permonenoe, both in length and depth ' The Gov. drill founH, atone giving an actual result of 6J and 7 per sent. Mr. Lee opines that the good formation reoeatlr dit« oovered, bearing north and south, ii dia tinot irom the lode reported On by Thureau and Montgomery, which Tan in an easterlv and westerly direction, thm it adds still farther to the value of the mine, and if the geologists' theory be correct, where th«ss lodes Join there must be immense bodies of tin. At the entranoe of No. lfaoe layers of praotionlly pure tin were found. The English expert reckons upon developments proving tbe Anchor to be one of the riohest mines in the colony. As a gold thief deterrent the Kalgoorlie (W.A. ), Chamber of Commerce has a standing offer of £600 reward, yet the copper plates of the 10-head battery at the Kalgoorlie Mint mine have been stolen. The estimated valae of tbe loot is £600, as the platei which had been lying in an open shed' bad not been eoraped since the last crush ing, whioh happened some months ago Some Anohor anticipations : 100 stampers crushing 4 tons for 24 hoars per day. canals 8400 tons per week. This at half per Sent, equals IS tone of tin, which at £60 rivss *?20. Coat of treating 2«0 too., at ny 8.. per ton, equals £868 ; being a profit of £860 per.week-£l8,000 per ywr. A three quarter per cent, yield will return £86000 per annum If one per cent., £1080 per week, or 464,000 per year. These onloala tions are based on ample power being pro vided, and in order to procure the neces sary water it is mooted to tap the South George Aiver at a coat of £10,000. Smelt ing works will probably be erected at the shipping port, which are estimated to cost £2000. The Wall-street gold bng is Uaghwr at « company wtiiob is being organised to work a maobiue that is to reduce stock gambling to a dead cert. It is intended to put i million dollars behind tbe machine, which according to the proapeotus will pay 80 par cent divs. Among the promoters an some big financiers, notably Mr. Huston, an U.S. ex Treasurer, and Mt. Muohlemau. Dapatr Assistant Treasurer, and it is claimed that the machine has been tested by profeawni of the Oxford and Cambridge Cnrrenritiea. who endorse its accuracy. The otutet which underlie fluctuations in raloet tit declared to be reducible to law, and upon tiiis law the principle of the maahins is said to bs based. The machine will have a tough job on hand when asked the auMtton about tbe wild cat) Silver is expected to appreciate as a result of the increased use of the metal far industrial purposes ; inorease of fractional ourrenoy requirements in Italy, Belgium, and .Switzerland— the Bank of lull hu just pat into circulation £UO,000 worth of small silver; diminution of lilvar money stooks in European banks; dwraued pro duction ; large expenditure for public works in French Indo-Chinese possessions ? and £40,UIM),000 to be spent in niUnTmul other constructions in China. The white metal may, according to a French authority M. Moymarok, rise to 80d., and than gradually adrauoe to the level of 1898 namely S6|d.; afterwards rcaohins that of 1802, or39d.,ae the opening aptf China increases. A German Palestine Bank was founded at Jerusalem on May 16. Mad Billyum of the Mailed Fist kept one eye on busineu wjiila visiting the Holy Laud, and later, it is Mid a small local pawnshop was grabbed bj tht Germans; that transmogrified is to go one better than the big French bank, Credit Lyonnais. Tin is £142 per ton in London this week a jump of £10 sinoe last report. Local prico of tin par onit only 22i, .hould be at least 26s, bnt the big man is on top. Lyell (south): Latest assays shows the oountry to oontain traoee of gold and loz lSdwt silver. Oonah : Contractors basy nnking main shaft ftom 826ft level. The New River M. Co., 4½ miles from Ringarooma, where good alluvial deposits of tin and gold were recently discovered, is in oourse of flotation in the North. It is to be registered in 20,000 shares of Is each. The chief topio at Pelican Point, Laun ceaton, on Wednesday, was relative to a much quoted ramonr that the Briseis had missed fire in London. The reason ii assigned to the foot that Mr, Langford wants rather too much for his whistle and tbe article in tbe Financial Timbs by coma omadhann, who said there was no tin on tbe North-Eaet Coast of Tasmania, did not help Mr. Langford 's scheme. Queens bave jumped up to 4«, and are likely to see a further rise. Molntoehs are being snapped up at 8d. The Nubeena float ia meeting with success, and tbe Susa nile has been knocked into a small 00 This property is adjoining the 'Kimberley' Britannia. The Queenstowners continue to gamble with their own stocks, and are strongly supported in Melbourne. Jukes and Darmns are popular at boom figures, to tbe knock-out is cure to come along. Quotes for Htook are practically unchanged/ Bed Hills huve gone back to Us. Two bob is quite euough to pay for Oonaus. Sylvesters am quoted at 3d, and are not likely to go much higher. Chamberlains are worth watohing. Bis on the exchanges is looking bettor, and a stir may now be an ticipated at an early date. Turkish papers were not allowed lo print the news of the assassination of the Ans tnan Empross. They simply announoed tbat she had died. Cue Moslem was afraid tbat killing potentates was as oatobing as the plague. Princess Cliimay, the well-advertised, who left her husband for Bigo, her gipsy lover, has given birth to twin boys. A re port that Bigo had died front plague at Cairo is contradicted. The mainsail of the new boat to represent the United States in the coming Cap con test will contain over seven thousand square feet of oanvas. Victorian referendum for Federation t~f it*, 140,091 i Mo, HIM, 