OPERlif^ ? TBy LAWRENCE L. £TNGH, author of ? 'Shadowed by Three,' '*ijftf Proof,' etc] I CHAPTER' XVlil^'A^rHBAt)- I QUAKT^RS?' I And now, at last, Ijiope knows the truth as I between her own so'ul - Hhd ' her Maker ; I knows it, and in the'loneiiotss of long nightly ? jFigils scoffs at &er; .imaged face -in the mir I ror. and declares to herself her ultimatum. I i Hope Chetwyndo, the giri mtqr whose wof ul I -ves she looks with scorn, in that moment's lood, shall do wnat. reason and self-respect, isterly duty, awl iho diity ot a ciiixeu de lancls. Shewlll avenge her brother's wrongs, je will punish her. brother's self-confessed [ayer! And all .the ni^:e shall it.be done] ecause. in the lace ot r.cht and duty, and «f is hateful crime, she has dared— she, Hope ihetwynde— to feel pity, to feel tenderness, nd a longing. Jo for^yej yes, to feel as she as never yet felt 'towijtinl any other man! jj! she kno ws. the. nanig. to^iye it: suie -will ot shuffle 'with her: own -soul and conscience, t least; shelOv«s LoytlRilron, ^aud wiry, ?by, why? Itmrrathnve lieeti in fcer^enrt lways, and; only iioyr sprung -awake! ? Yes, iat is surely it. . It was* there -ijef ore, and f course, being there so loiag/ s-Iie~-:*oui-i not ist it out, and lave nerer changes, never ies. No, she has given up tL«e battle: sue uinot chain tlown, cannot control this t'ur ulent. rebellious heart of .'jers— but she -an Mitrol her de«Hls! . AndtlieAToiJd shall nev r say that she !i*ssT$fc?lvori' liar lirc-ther'f? mrderer. ' 'It w^s right, 'it was duty, it Ayas istice, that qalied out for his punishment. It tis Felix Chitwvpde.-lttir tsrothe'r-^wl'O roni hia' grave, ..^jHle^-JK-r .. rgmemfter his ?rongS. ?-.-?' : ??;? '?? ?s.-r.-i r.rtV -?.?;?;;??.?. She has heard Lorna -Hilton'^s ; «toiy, and, ecause she -will neither^see^siar hear of I-oyd, fier. they two have «te|:i anShe''5ias told her is own, she ^ gentienes^l^elfto Eorna, ;bnly lit will never litter those' Trards' Lorna prays ) hear— 'I believe you. He 3s innocentr' He is guilty; again and again she reiterates : to Aunt Gass, and the little spinster only bakes her head, for she has ceased to argue ritli Hope, never crosses her now, and ?atches over her with an anxiety she is'care al to conceal. ' ? '.''''. She will break down soon if something oes not happen to relieve her mind. Aunt ass says to the sheriff and to Mrs. Hilton, nd, very privately, to Doctor. Jaryis: 'Her tate of mind is a horribly -unnatural one;' utl though they all agree, none of them quite amprehends, none save Lorna Hilton. . And lie, with a wisdom beyond 'her yeaTs, is sil nt. In the meantime,^ Xiorna's suddenly roused and changed mooS has'been a source f wonder to her friends.;. The discovery, so Queh f eared and dreaded- toy them, of Loyd's art in the tragedjT of the Heights, has seem d to stimulate her benumbed faculties, while ler fixed faith in Loyd's innocence has taken roui the dreaded revelation of his partieipa ion in the wretched affair- its sting, and its [auger. And, from othe moment when Hope ?hetwrnde went so1 suddenly and swiftly :orth from their presence, neither Loyd nor ili^. Hilton have been able to withhold from -oma any item of the many they have been io carefully and fearfully guarding from ler knowledge^ She has insisted upon learing all, and her faith — as unshaken as her jelief in Providence — in Loyd arid in his ulti aiate vindication is the rock upon which her strength has renewed itself until, from being an object of their care and constant solici tude, she :s their support and mainstay and cheer. She does not reason— she will not argue; but she believes, and, secure in- what she accepts as a' heaven-born instinct; she ran face Hope with a courage matching her -wn. and a serenity Hope would, give much to iepl, Tf only for an 'Bout. - Ttr- . ' : . 'If I d:d not know,' she says, when after tvo days she reverses the previous order of hings and seeks Hope in her bwn home, and ells her frankly and as gently and charitably is possible, the- story of that afternoon upon Jie Heights — still hazy as to parts, but grown dearer as to the first and last scenes. 'Jf I did; not know, with a. sureness of iuowledge which I cannot explain to you, but which is inborn, and which nothing can shake. I could' not lift my head. I know Loyd believes that he fired the fatal shot. But be is mistaken, and the truth will appear some day. Meantime, as I. know he is not juilty of the deed, I can wait and be pa tient.' .... - ' In telling what she can of that day, Xorna never comments; never allows a tone of re sentment, or criticism of Felix and his mo tives, to creep into the story. She tells it simply, almost imeprsonally. 'I don't think I was afraid at the first mo ment. I don't think he was unkind— but— I ; know it now—he bent -niy will to. his own; and at the last, when suddenly he let himself ?o. and that awful burst' of desperation and wrath and recklessness . . swept away his strong grasp of himself, and broke the spell upon me, then I was filled with the wildest terror. I have heard that,. while drowning, one sees a lifetime pass before -him, with a host of memories crowded into one moment, and I felt like this: when; suddenly, the scales seemed to fall from my eyes, and I knew all that he had meant— and did mean. Miss Chetwynde, it ?was~not your brother Felix— never believe it! It was a madman!' , But Hope, thinking over -this strange inter view, is not so sure, and the unpleasant ques tion has more than once of late thrust itself upan her— 'Was the Felix Chetwynde whom tliey, whom she, had .kn6'Kat-rgay,.; careless, indolent, but generous and. kindly, and so de voted—was he the real Felix? Or had the real man thrown down his mask on that- last %. at that last moment; and was it.the face of the real Felix that had looked out from the coffin, colja, unsmiling, unreadable, boffl ins? ? -' ? ? ? -?-'? One day she; takes out rthe;letter whiqh Aunt' Cass has guarded for a. long time, and finally given into, her hands, and peruses again, Jtar ♦he i 'twentieth' time Ttoi'dou&tj; 'the Estrange words of the stranger woman who had signed herself Inez. ??-.??. ;V :?:'''?' ' What could the ,w^er,pf' this letter tell, that she should daTe taunt Felix Chetwypde ^n the possibility «f her- momentary ap liearauce at the villa ?;Every: w^ord, every ^e, she perceives, 7as aeyer. before; teHs of a Power, a sword, held over his head. And ^hat is it which she calls, with coarse irony Hope thinks, a 'stick?' 'A stick which she promises to restore to him. What can it rs^, this figurative 'sticky'- which* she as 6Bmes, he will; bp iejoieea to retain? L Gan it Hope spring^ suddenly 'to Tier .feet, her face aflame with a ne^r.strange'tintutaoa. How ttnpid she has been! How idiotic! ? j It is early afternoon, ^and' she-rushes to her Runt's door. . The. rooni ..is einpty, bnt her P^n maid appearing -at;tiie. inoineiit explains. 'Miss Cassapdra has ' jgpneV out ; on r». wheel, .jniss^^ Ifee /says demurely^. 'I wink she thought *jmi:_wefe asjeepi-.and she *M I was just to telljou that slie had gone ptfor a little exercifee.''., . '??- 'And is that all ^he said? -:--, ????. . .. ; . ?Why, mlss,^' witli-JStow ?fiesitai*ey, 'Ae 1 7 say, sorjt of to 'S&ki;&itftiiiiSt; she'd paid I Aarly enopgh*; silt! ^bne^to; 4eaira-1»: lide ia Fieel, and now ^feMneaiJtlSto fSS^iL ;/xbu- |™ow, Miisi jBLope; fehefaid get- some; aw«al laills, even witJi Mr. SjeUx-lxj heij- Jter.' I Hope is mb^;i^ Sr^eed;^; ;'..; - '?': ;; -; I 1 suppose ii ^icycTe 's^'-jbe.in'at ifynip l^age, dea&,'ajid^ti^^x'j^i'iomiaSliis( to I'ttself.' '^ tt^^^^^air ojrj^^ycj^ JT-but there; Aunt -^s:=te! iAaot pass, and. She FQesn't dxeam fiowmueJii' want her tbis zno She does not delay, however, /ttejthlng she has in mind, but drives with all spiked fel^ee, whereshe hojpes, at this hour, to-find'Sheria Cook holdbag official stater-that ;. is, at his headquarters. ..-. : ! As she ste.ps-.fn6m her carriage to the pave ment, she holds in- her nandj^ot therberuf fled sih^env^arasDlaffefeted by ladles who drive,' but a large sun umbrella, loosely tolled and strapped, and she enters the sheriffs pre sence with this. in band. . _ ? ? r . . . He is alone, or father he has cleared his of fice at sight of her pony.. carriage';'bef6re. his windows, and she comes straight to the point 'Mr. Cook, I wonder whit you nave thought of my hah! measures and shillv-shallv ways in dealing with you. Will you tell me, please, why you have not made me, behave like a reasonable being, and having empowered you to act for me, commanded me to cease hampering your . movements? Why have 3rou not asked for- these letters?' and she places before him the anonymous letter dropped in her lap on the Lakeville express, and. the other signed 'Inez.' 'Why,' she goes on breathlessly, 'did you not demand — this?' she has shaken out ^ie folds of the sun umbrella, and she now draws from out them the oddly carved and mounted cane found beside her brother's body. 'And— most of all— why did you not bid me throw open to you my brother's room — his desk, hi& letters, and all that?' 'Because, my dear young lady,' he replies, when at last she ceases to pour out her eate cliism, 'I was quite certain that, in due time, you would dp precisely what you have done: bring these things to me or place them at my disposal:' : ' \ ?- \ 'But what did you think of such weakness —such folly?' 'It has been neither. You have very na turally dreaded what you saw more and more clearly day by day must be done — and known. Sit down, Miss Chetwynde. Do you think X have not known the struggle in your mind, the dread of what might become public property once it is known that there is an 'Inez' otherwise unknown, and so on, and so on? I have been simply waiting your time, sure that, sooner or later, you would decide to let things come to some definite con clusion. To knowc.the best— and the worst' : 'Thank you. You restore my self-respect, and the time has come. Only— I ask once more that nothing be made known to the public until there is positive proof of mur der, of intent; and that it is not a case of a wrong, or sin, recoiling upon the sinner.' She takes up the cane,. her voice is firm, her manner direct and composed. 'In read ing that note from Inez,' she asks, 'has it occurred to you that the 'stick,' which I have been taking for a mere figure of speech, means in reality th'Is cane?' He takes it from her hand, looks at it criti cally, then puts it aside. 'Yes,' he answers, smiling, 'I have thought of that.' She rises, and turns as if to go. 'I leave all in your hands now,' she says -firmly. 'There shall be no more reservations — concealment!' When Aunt Cass returns, which she does not do until Hope has been two hours at home from Lee, that young woman, without stopping to observe that the little spinster seems somewhat excited and self-absorbed, tells her across the tea-table what she has done, allof it, omitting nothing; and her aunt sums. up' her approval in these words^ — \ 'Well, I'm glad it's done at last. You were wise — finally;' and then, after a moment's pause, 'Are you sure, now, that you have told him everything?' 'Everything,' declares Hope — 'every sim plest item.' 'Oh, then of course you did not omit to mention once more the shabby boy who came here at the last moment to see Felix in his coflin?' And Hope starts and looks her guilt .She has forgotten-it quite. ?- The boy?- and the crushed red rose under the coffin, lid, both have slipped entirely from her memory. 1 'Well,' comments Aunt Cass leniently, 'you've had quite too much to remember, I'm sure. And now, let me announce my disco veries.' . . 'What are they?.' 'First, that Hedlands ghost, that we heard of so long ago, has begun to walk— or fly.' 'Oh, you have been to RedlandsV' 'To Redlands, and to the cemetery. I real ly think, at last, that I have mastered my wheel, Hope.' Hope is silent, and Aunt Cass hastens away from the topic of discord. 'Do you know, my dear, that someone puts fresh flowers on Fee's grave almost daily?' 'Fresh flowers— what flowers?' 'Roses; great half -blown red roses!' (To be continued.) 