BROTHERS OF THE CHAIN, By OEORGE GRIFFITH. Author of "The Angel of the Revolution," "Olga Romanoff," "Outlaws of the Air," "Romance of the Golden Star," Knight of the White Rose," "Valdar. the Oft-Born," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with th» j author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXII.—(Continued). iUore days passed, and still de ivieraac a mind did not emerge from the mental cloud which had obscured it just when Standish was expecting the most impor tant revelation, and so it went on, hour after hour and day after day, Standish al ways trying to awaken his companion's reason so that the chain of events might be completed. But all to no avail: Some times a gleam of sense shone out, , but only, to be obscured in the night which had be gun when Garderou commenced what ho had called his "mental discipline" on board the "Sybile." And then came the catastrophe which, terrible and all as it was, MarK ■ Standish ever afterwards confessed to be. the crown ing mercy of his life. One day—it was the same day;on which' the "Sybile" sighted the "Orient"—Stan dish was lying on his narrow bed trying hard to forget his present miseries in sleep, when something struck the ship as a bat tering-ram might strike a door. "Great Caesar's ghost! If that's not a cyclone it's like one. Sounds like Kan sas. Here, we've got to get out of this somehow. I may be a convict by mis take, but I'm not going to be jerked into eternity like this without a struggle. Here, de Merdac, wake up. As for this door, I guess I can fix that. Just give me your chain. " That's it. Stand up, now, close to me, How then, swing. That's it. Bring 'em round. Now then, go." The chains smashed clean through the panel of the door. "Now we've got a hold. Get your hands on there and pull. No, wait till she rolls and we'll have a better purchase. "NoWt then, wait—steady—pull and put every, pound you've got on to it. There she goes!' Out you come! Oh, you would, would you, senor? We're not going to drown in a coffin-Ship like this if we can help it." • As 'he said this : Standish's fist went straight out in spite of the shackles, and' caught a scared sentry under the point of the jaw. The man went over like a nine pin, and Standish, dragging de Merdae after him, knelt on his che3t. "Tell him to give you the keys of the handcuffs or I'll choke him, and mighty, quick, too." / The shock had roused de Merdac into rational consciousness again and he re peated the words in French. "Let me get up," gasped the sentry. "Mon Dieu, we are all lost—what does it matter? You want no keys. The point of the bayonet will do it. Let me go, son of a pig that I was to come here!" Standish whipped the bayonet ■ off the top of his rifle, pitched the rifle over the other side of the deck, and said— "Now my friend, he still, or I'll make you he so that you'll never get up. Da Merdac, unlock these things, and hurry up, because the way this blizzard'sblowing oyer us doesn't promise much for safety, even with free men, to say nothing of chained ones." De Merdac obeyed mechanically but in telligently, and in a few moments they were both free men. Standish's prompt action 'had come none too soon. The cyclone was howling and screaming over the ship and through the rigging. Am attempt had been made to turn the Vendome's head to the "wind, but the debilitated engines were not equal to the task. The helm was screwed over and she came up, staggered in the teeth of the tempest, and then yawed off. After that there, was nothing for it hut to let her drive, and drive she did. Hour after hour, through the black, storm-swept night, away she went hogging and' sagging to windward and leeward. . Inside the first three hours all discipline vanished. It Was obvious that the ship,, as ship, could not possibly weather the storm if it lasted much longer, and so the captain, after the storm had swept for a couple of hours over his decks, and know ing that his engines were utterly impotent i to fight with the storm, gave orders thai all. the prisoners should be released. The idol of his life had been Napoleon the Great, and in the last few moments of his own life he gave the same order thai Napoleon had given by the farmhouse of La Belle Alliance—"Sauve qui peut!" Standish, dragging de Merdac after him. came on the upper deck just as the word was passed. "A little Waterloo!" he yelled. 'Save yourselves again, eh ? Now then, buck up, de Merdac. We're the first free ones; Everybody for himself now. Come along." The old Royalist blood flamed up m de Merdac's brain, and for the time he was a man and a hero agajn, as his ancestors had been before him, and-from far away beyond them came the old savage instinct of self-preservation. The "Vendome" was lying scuppers un der in the long, rolling waves, with the pitiless temptest shrieking and screaming over her, Fierce blasts of salt foam swept, incessantly across her, and her slanting; decks were rapidly becoming" a scene, or night-slirouded pandemonium. > "I guess it's everybody for himself now,' said Standish. "Now, then, young fellow, just let me have that pepper-box and that belt of cartridges." . The man resisted and so he broke his neck, putting one hand behind his neck and his right hand under his jaw, and pushing hard. The man dropped dead. De Merdac took another sentry in his own way. ' A scientific lock laid him prostrate, another one under the ear killed him, and the two released prisoners were armed al most at the same moment. Meanwhile, panic raged from end^ to end of the ship. "Guess we can't have any trouble of this sort," said Standish, pulling out the revolver that he had taken from his own prisoner. "This old kettle isn't going to last ten minutes." Then he lapsed into very bad French, which de Merdac, who felt himself a man again as soon as he was armed, instantly translated into un derstandable speech. "Stand by there. Get to_ the boats. Cast them loose on the lee side. Can't get them down on the weather. Don't play the fool, now. There isn't time for When he had got thus far the captain of the ship with his first officer. and the Commander of the Marine twops on board, came and tried to ask him" what he was doing. "Oh, you go to —— hallelujah, if you can get there. My friend and I are in charge of this ship just now," he dhouted through the scream of the storm, "and if you don't like it you can have some of this." And then he put up the muzzle of the army revolver close under the captain's nose. The captain, as he should not have done, staggered back, and then Standish with liis left hand caught liim under the corner of the jaw and knocked him half way across the sloping deck. "Now, then, gentlemen," he said to the rest, "matters are pressing. Here, .de. Mer dac, just translate this for me, will j'ou? My French doesn't seem good enough in a storm. All boats out to leeward. Women first and any children there may be, con-; victs or not. Out they go before a man leaves the ship, or, by George,. I'll shoor , the first man that goes. Come along now, hurry out with those boots. Get a wriggle on you. We're all the same now—bond or free, I guess we.'re all men in a tight fix like this. Great Scott! Well, you are a lot! Convict ship! Why, you're not fit to run an oyster-dredger. There she goes. Come , on, de Merdac, out you go. We'd better, swim for it than drown with a lot like this!" As he spoke a sort of dull, grinding shud- ■ der ran through the ship. Her screw lashed into the water, and the storm-swept over them, as it seemed, with tenfold. violence. Then panic reigned^ supreme from end to end of her. The grinding ended in a dull, dead crash, the engines stopped, the ship heeled over, the race before the storm came to a sudden end, the angry waters. curled' up, wave after wave, like savage .beasts closing on their prey, tons and tons of solid green water rose up in mountains on the one side" and crashed_ down in cataracts, over the other, sweeping every thing that was movable off the decks and overwhelm ing everything, living or dead, that was not movable. And so the last voyage of the convict dhip Vendome came to an end. 