NEW SOUTH WALES v. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. NEW SOUTH WALES' COLOSSAL SCORE OF 806. Noble 200, Gregory 176, and Trumper 165. Intercolonial Cricket. . The N.S. Wales match nit Adelaide, fa vored by ibeautifui wealthor, attracted but few people to the Oral on Saturday. Dar ling, If unable to ?win the tO3S against Vlc ?toira, has no ejcal difBoulty in doing eo in these matches. South Australia, as .1 ma'tter of fact, has lost the toss in only one of tho last four marches, which must afford supporters of S.A. cricket somo little satisfaction. Syilney Gregory was chosen to leaa tho Welshmen, and into the fleid ho led them. Tho day's cricket -was nothing less than a 'triumph :for .the New South Wales bowl ers, particularly HowoII and Noble. Lyons a-nd F. ? -Jar-vis started operations, but. the hitter was brilliantly caugiht by Noble from a 'hot, low return. Jarvis was bo-svled by Howell -with one ho did not strike ai Dar ling played one frcm Noble on to his wicket after, batting about 25 minute!! for 4 runa. prill- was well caught by Howoll off his own bowling ,for 1G; and Giffen bowled by Howell for 0. Tho third -wicket fell at 17, the fourth at 32. the i fifth at 55, and the sixth at S2. A slow and monotonous in nings eventually realised 155 runs. Leak, the top scorer, .carried his bat out for 40, mainly, defensive, thus making a success ful,, if slow, first appearance against New South. Wales. Reedman contributed a very useful 32, and maintained his reputation as a consistent nm-get:ter in Intercolonial cricket. Chlnner got 26 and Claxton 11. Howell at His Best. The New South Wales bowling in this particular instance proved altogether too good. The batsmen had to spar through out, and as the Holding was also of the highest or der, runs were vory difficult to obtain. Howell, ?whoaJwaiytt. trun dles at his best on the Adelaide wickets, secured five for 52, anil has rarely, if e V o r, bowled co well and sustained his ex cellence for so long a. period on Buch a splendid wicket. Noble was also in good form, although ?his two for 71 reads a costly average; he might have been spoiled more u-i'th botiter results, both for himself and (his side. Pyo and Trumper were both accurate. Tbo fielding was also brilliant, the work of Ktible, Farquhar and Trumper evoking the highest admiration. _Now South Wales finished up the day's pay with GO- for one wiekct. Mackenzie started uncommonly well, but in backim up for a stroke to the on side he iwas run out. Donnan 22 and Trumper 38 wore not ?put, both ' ihnvlns shaped Very well, tho latter especially so. TJie brief and brteht SSwf' NAf ? battlns '^'-tea »«Sv with 'the work of the local batsmen earlier In.tao day. A Run-Oettlng Day. k^°niahy'3 'T^^er was bBa««ul for cric SL »Victet was per^ect' the batt'°e perfect, and, as you may surmise runs came at a monotonously oound pace The Sydney men added 377 runs for the loss 0? three wickets, and wound up with 4W for £,UrH,Wl?ke!s- ?. The eomPIeto fa»ure of the South Australian batsmen on Saturday £ s™otnered »'y tuthusiasm that might otherwise have been shown in the game. The attendance was consequently exceedingly sparse, aud Now South Wales will not make a fortune out of Its one-third of the net proceeds. ? ? ? ? From the start Trumper took charge of tho bowling, hitting in all directions, while Donnan, too. was quite bright— that is, for Donnan. They augmented the score by 113 runs beforo luncheon, tlie tally then standing at 1S2 for one wicket, Trumper 107 ana Donnan UG. At 201 Donnan was bowled by Giffen for 72, tbo partnership for tho second wicket having put on 191 runs. Donnan's 72 was one of the brigh-. test displays he has ever given ou the Ade laide Oval, yet, notwithstanding that fact, it was overshadowed by the masterly, dash ing cricket of Trumper. ? ? « ? The appearanco of Farquhar excited somo curiosity, owing to his reputation as a brilliant run-getter. But his debut against South Australia was not satisfac tory to himself, as, after playing one ball, Giffen bowled him for a blob. This sudden sucess of Giffen stimulated the onlookers, who worked up a iittle enthusiasm. But it was speedily dissipated by Trumper and Noble. The club mates went along piling up the runs as if it were the easiest of work. It certainly seemed easy enough, and it was beyond all doubt pleasant enough to the batsmen. By this timo ] Trumper had Impressed tho Adelaide people as ho impresses evoryono else who has seen him 'going.' He put the ball almost where he pleased, gave no chance, made no bad strokes, and was going ahead so brilliantly, so untiringly, so perfectly that nothing loss than an acci dent seemed likely to shift him. But at 165 ho was out l.b.w. to Gif fen in' trying to place one to leg. Trumper was tatting three hours and ten minutes, and uiu nor. give tho ghost or a chance. There are now no greater admirers of his batting than tho Adelaide people, who saw the in nings. It was perfection in batting. It Is now thought that Clem Hill has a rival who is younger than himself. . ' i ?Vhi°vT u,hc New South WaIes captain joined Noble, tho score stood at. 278 for four wickets. The littlo skipper, ns everyone knows, had never done justico to himself on the Adelaide wicket in Intercolonial cricket. Its exceedingly great pace had invariably invested his tendency to make the hook, and glance from the start, with a fatal uncertainty. But the littlo man wore a quiet determined look on Monday. Even if not sure that his form was his best, he went out to stop there, get the pace of tho wicket, and make runs. And success was his, for at the close of tho day's play, the score stood at 446 for four wickets, Noblo 134, and Gregory 57, both not out. Tho batting of Noble was splendid all round, although, of course, neither so dash ing nor finished as Trumper's. Ho was at the wickets over three hours for his runs, and made all his old off strokes with great power and preciseness In timing. The South Australian bowling was, as may bo imagined, severely bandied. Giffen cap tured the only threo wickets that fell to the bowlers, at a cost of HI runs. Jones was not successful — no wickets for ^03. Clem Hill tried his hand as a trundlpr, but neither ho nor anyone else but Giffen met with any kind of success. S.A. was hope lessly out of it, at tho end. of the day's play. t # ? ,. , A Colossal Score The weather was fino and the .wicket still good, wired the 'Ueferee' Adelaide corres pondent last night. ' The public, again conspicuously absent, missed another fine display of batting. Darling was unable lo play owing to' illness; a substitute field ed in bis place. Noble (134) and Gregory (57) continued their big partnership, and at the luncheon adjournment had' carried the score to 553, Gregory having. just pre viously reached his contAiry. The homo team at 2.30 got relief, as after completing his 200, Noble was out;l.b;w. to Giffen. Ho wa3 batting' for 45 hours, and gave three chances. His cricket generally was of a dashing character, and earned' for him a very hearty reception from the spectators. It is the greatest score ever made by a Colonial batsman against South Australia, and it is moreover Noble's biggest innings in representative cricket; The stand by Noblo and Gregory for the fifth wicket is incomparably the greatest over made by Australian batsmen In a first-class match. They, carried the score from 278 to 5G4, and, therefore, added 280 runs for the wicket. This huge partner ship is not alone, a. record for-tho -fifth wicket, it is tho Australian record, easily eclipsing as it does the 25S by Iredalo and Trumper for New South Wales against Tasmania twelve months ago. Iredale did not last long, falling a c. and b. victim to Giffen. But Gregory and Hopkins put on 101 for the seventh wicket. Gregory was then caught by tho substitute. off Jones for 17C the biggest innings he has over played in Intercolonial cricket. Tho New South Wales captain was at the wickets five hours, and played a great Innings, in. which ho gave but one chance. Tlie innings rea lised S06 runs. Hopkins, who gave a bril liant display for 85, not only made a suc cessful start in these matches, but created a Dno impression. Kelly was bowled by Giffen for 24. Tho ninth wickot fell at 7iS but the two Cumberland cricketers, Pyo and Howell, carried tho total past the S00 before Pye was out l.b.w. to Giffen. The total of. 806 is second only in Australian cricket, to the 839 by New South Wales against Tasmania. \- Georgo Giffen carried off tho bowling honors with olght wickets for 288. The one wicket of Jones' cost 210 runs, and his Intercolonial record this season now stands at three ?wickets for 404 runs. Sou'Eh. Aus tralia, having 651 to muke to escapo a slnglo innings defeat, made 12 without loss against Howell and Noble. Tho game will bo continued to-day. W. ,P. HOWELIj. ... V- TliUMPEn. ? __ 