TO CORRESPONDENTS. "Fair Play" endorses the complaint of a previous correspondent concerning the treatment of the men employed by the Go vernment at rsundaleer, and asks what the labor members are doing in the matter. "Passenger" thinks the railway traffic, passenger and luggage, at Belalie North siding could be better managed than it is. The luggage train habitually pulls up be tween the passenger train and the siding, so that passengers have to wait, sometimes in the pouring rain, until the luggage train passes before they can cross. "H. H. Blackliam, jun.," writes:—"Not withstanding the fact that his prophetic splutterings have proved absolutely worth less, Mr. d. H. Giddons—haud-in-hand with the ghost of Herschel—again announces himself as the archangel of meteorology. The fact that his rain periods have been scorched up with heat, and his dry spells washed out with rain is a little matter un worthy of notice. There is some mention in the Old Book of the heavens being as brass. I am afraid that Mr. Giddons has made a special study of the heavens while in that condition." "Classic," Semaphore.-"Ceberus" (Greek, "Kerberos") according to Hesiod was the 50-lieaded dog that guarded the entrance to Hades. Later writers, Sophocles, for example, reduce his heads to three. Horace calls him "Bellua centiceps," the hundred headed beast. "U.S.," Manoora.—The "Assumption of the Virgin Mary" is a festival of the Greek and Koman Churches, held on August 15, since the seventh century, in commemora tion of the assumption of the soul and bod}7 of the Virgin into glory by Christ and his angels. From the 4th to the 7th century the same day was observed memory of her death. "Curious," Tinley.—A "Knight Ban neret" was a knight who, for some deed of valor performed on the field, was en titled to bear a banner instead of a pen non. The act of elevating any one to this dignity consisted in cutting or tearing. off the ends of the pennon. According to Froissart, Edward I. introduced this grade of knighthood, and the Knight Banneret was John Smith, who received the honor from Charles I. after the battle of Edgehill. ^ Totalizator, Petersburg.—Malua, wno won the Adelaide Cup in 1884, was a bay horse. The totalizator was not in use at the time, and Malua started at 100 to 7. '"Wager."—We know of no such fluid. "H.D.," Corcondo—1. It is not against the rules. 2. There is no such rule. "Harry Harding."—A national air is a popular tune peculiar to or characteristic of a particular nation; specifically that tune which, by national selection or con sent, is usually sung or played on certain public occasions. As the countries you name form only a portion of a nation they cannot have, properly speaking, any na tional ah- apart from the one. which is re cognised by the nation as a whole. "John Moyle," Kapunda,asks:—"What is the fastest time that Gipson Brothers (Tasmania) put up, or any other faster time for sawing a two-foot log through?" "Norwood."— The Henley Beach-road crosses a backwash of the Torrens, and the Torrens River twice. The source of the Torrens is north-east of Mount Pleasant. "Don't Know," Angaston.—Occasionally, but very seldom. Freight is Is. 3d. per half-case. Write to one of the companies who advertise their steamers as sailing for Brisbane. Their advertisements appear daily in "The Advertiser." "Olive," North Adelaide.—If you write to the Agricultural Bureau, enclosing a penny stamp for postage, and giving your address, a leaflet on the preservation of the green olive, by Dr. Coekburn, will be posted to you. This leaflet contains full information on the subject. "Argument."—Carbine had three wins as a two-year-old; eleven wins, three seconds, and one third as a three-year-old; nine wins, two seconds, two thirds, and once unplaced as a four-year-old; ten wins and one second as a five-year-old. Total value of stakes won, £29,476. Carbine was sold by Mr. Wallace to the Duke of Portland for £13,650. "Wager," Thebarton.—Allahditta was trained for the Onkaparinga Hurdle Race by T. C. Wheeler, of Mount Gambier. "Wager," • G'anville.—Yes. Cock's Eu lalie, 7 st. 5 lb. (A. Hearn), won the Trial Stakes at Moor-ee Valley on March 10, 1898. "Actress."—The mare fell at the post and-rail fence on top of the hill, past the grand-stand. "Kangaroo Island Elector."—We cannot open our columns to letters which a.re election advertisements. The publication of your letter would cause a flood of them. 