TWO SINNERS. Dora ated po.verty. IyShe n,.e: forgot tlhe sordid misery of the last three years She often thought of her mother, and wondered dimly if she missed her. Something of this illed her mind now, and if slhe heard foot steps in the distance she was too much engrossed to notice them. There was nothing to prepare her for what awaited her. Look ing uip suddenly shite saw Vere Eastcourt coming towards her with an eager face. Sthe looked at him, then blushed as she thought of the last time they had stood together. Never before had she repented so bitterly yielding to temptation as now, when Vere Eastcourt was before her, love beaming in his eyes, and by her own act and deed she Itad raised up such a barrier betweetn them as death alone could break down. The days wore on. Fully a month had passed since the reading of Sir George Kyrle's will, and as yet no reply has come to MIr. Evans' advertisement. ' And my belief is,' said the old lawyer to his friend and quondam pupil, Cecil Kyrlo, ' we shall never have any reply at all. Your cousin's dead, and you're Sir Cecil andmas ter of Lakewood.' 'I will never believe it until Ihave proofs of Harold's death, and that he died childless.' 'People are not generally so reluctant to believe their good fortune.' SLawyers don't usually own to such things, Evans, but I confess I have a strong presen timeit that I slhall never be master of Larke wood I don't believe Harold Kyrle.is alive himself, but I feel convinced he has left a child behind him-perhaps half a dozetn. Who knows 1' It was the day after this conversation that MIr. Evans' head clerk announced that a 'person ' was waiting who declined to state either iname or business, but insisted on see ing the solicitor himself. ' Man or woman, Judd I' was the brief inquiry. 'Waoman, sir. Has seen better days, I should say.' 'Show herin.' Another moment and the solicitor was face to face with his visitor; Mr. Evans saw a small, plump woman about forty years of age, who might have been pretty in her youth, but now was coarse and too full blown. The stranger evidently believed in her own attractions. She was dressed in an absurdly youthful style, lhad a whole flosver garden in her hat, and her scanty, flaxen hair was curled in faint imitation of ringlets. Evidently she had firm faith in her own powers of fascination. She smiled in the most simpering fashion, drew a chair close to the fireplace, and seated herself with her toes on the fender before she observed, placidly : ' I never did believe in letter-writing, sir, so I just took the twopenny tramin from Cam berwell Green to Westminster Bridge, and being a fine morning, walked on, and here I tum.' 'So I perceive,' said the solicitor; drily. ' MaIy I ask to what I am iidcbted for the honour of this visit ?' 'It's very kinid of you to call it an honour,' returned the woman, and takling his words in perfect good faith, 'and I'm sure I shall find the heundred pounds very useful. Money don't go any way now, and my land lady piles uip the extras frightful.' 'MMay I ask you to explain yourself ?' losing all patience. 'You've made some mistake it coming here, madame.' 'Why this is Pump Court, isn't it .' 'Certainly.' 'And you are MIr. Evans ? That young man said so.' '1The young man is quite correct.' The visitor took her purse out of her pocket, and carefully emnptied its contents into her lap. Mr. Evans noticed, among other articles, one or two draper's bills, a crunpled postage stamp, some dirty pieces of palper, a tip of dried tongue, a lucky farthing, a thimble, some peppermint lozenges, and about a shilling in coppers. She fumbled about helplessly among these for some time, finally selected one of the scraps of papers, smoothed it out, and handed it to Mr. Evans, who saw at a glance that it was his own oft-repeated advertisement. 'I never take the ' Telegraph,"' said the 'person,' as MIr. Judd styled her, with her affected simper; 'it's so very common. I g0enerally have 'Lloyds' every Sunday, only my landlady she lent me the 'Telegraph' yesterday, and I thought I'd come and see you.' ' And you think you have tire necessary information ? W\e shall wanr t ample proofs befoio we pay the reward.' 'lHarold Yorke Kyrle was married at Emmanuol Church, Camberwell, on the first of August, 1850, and I've got the certificate ir my pocket,' and, sure enough, out of a dirty envoldps she took a piece of crumpled paper. 'Thloseare my lines, sir. It's nmore than twenty- three years ago sines Harold Kyrle married me, and wife I was to him.' ' DI)o you mean you were Harold Kyrle's wife 1' 'To ? 0e sure I do.' 'Good Heaven !' Mr. Evans was not an irreverent man. The exclamation was wrung from him by in tense surprise. He had known the Kyrlo family well. Harold had beeoon a special favourite of his. He iremembered him as a youth of wonderful refinement and innate gentlemanly feeling. How could he ever have married the woman before the solicitor. It never occurred to Mr. Evans that twoelity-three years might have ehanged Mrs. Harold Kyrle into a very difforont person fiom Miss Ellcen Green. ' You need not be surprised, observed the said Ellenc. 'There was nothing at all odd in his wanting to ma ry mo. There were plenty of others who did the o.samne. AIr. Solomans, the hairdrossor's young man on the Green, said I was the prettiest girl in Camborw6ll.' ' And that's twenty-three years ago, Mrs. Kyrlo .' ' Yes,' bridling. ' I don't look as if I'd been'married twenty-three years, do I I' 'You don't look as if you'd beeoon married twenty-three hours to a gentleman,' was the solicitor's private opinion. Aloud he said quietly : ' And Wivhat about your husband Mrs. Kyrlo ?' I hope you can give me his present address I' ' He's dead,' wiping an imperceptible tear from her faded eyes. 'II He died three years ago at Shornelilffe. I had a stone put up, and paid four pountd one for it, which I had hard work to scrape together.! 'Dead ! Poor Harold !' Mirs. Harold resented the pity as a por sonal slight. ' Of course, it was very dresidful to me to be left a widow so young, and to have to wear caps-ugly things !--whichl Idid for a whole year. He was cut off quite suddenly, butI don't think he minded. Harold never could take life easy. A real Peter Grovious he always was.' ' And you never sent to the family at his death ?' AMhch they'd have cared. They never forgave him for marrying me. Harold took on ablt i!, a great deal, which you know was very .emltpid, as he had ' me.'' M.lrs Harold cmphasised this pronoun to show she thought herself it was a very precious one. ' Harold was not a cosintented mind, and he'd no pride. He wrote over again and again to Sir George, and never had a line in reply. ' Still, you ought to have sent word to Sir George of his son's death.' 'Harold made me promise on his death bed I wouldn't seek out his family. I think he fancied I was'nt good enough for them. He made me swear I'd never call myself Mrs. Kyrle, or tell anyone it was my real name. I was in a mortal fright this morn ing in the tram, but I could'nt help coming to try for the money. Oh, sir, you don't think his ghost will haunt me, do you 1' 'No, of course not,' said Mr. Evans, reas suringly. ' There are no such things as ghosts, Mrs. Kyrle.' ' Don't call me that, please. If I'm called Mrs. Kyrle Ishall always be thinking I see Harold's ghost. Besides, I have been called Mrs. Yorke so long I couldn't aniswer to anything else It was Harold's name in the regiment, and it's on a stone'I paid so much for, too' 'Then you have never borne thle name of Kyrlo ? You were always called Yorke I' 'Always. The colonel of the regiment lknow who my husband was, but no one else. You can write to Colonel Ellerslie if yoie like.' 'Perhaps I shall. Not that I doubt your word.' ' You don't need to,' retorted Mrs. Yorke. ' I always say what is best, though my poor dear husband did not think me good enough for his family.' MIr. Evans wrote a cheque for fifty pounds, and handed it to Mrs. Yorke. A week be fore it would have seemed the wealth of Golconda to her. Now she looked at it in scornT. 'You said a hundred pounds,' pointing to the advertisement. The solicitor shook his head. I offered a reward of fifty pounds for the marriage certificate of Harold Kyrle, and yout have justly gained it. The other fifty was for the proof of his death childless, Mrs. Yorke sighed. 'It's very hard to have children. They always stand so in one's own light.' MIr. Evans stared. Was this woman ac tually wishing herself childless for the sake of a more fifty pounds ? 'Your children won't trouble you to support them any longer,' he said coldly. 'Your father-in-law is dead, and he has left enough behind him to provide for a dozen grandchildren.' ' And me ?' put in Mrs Yorke, anxiously. 'Shan't I be provided for, too ?' ' I have no doubt your son will behave properly to his mother. May I askl-' She interrupted him. 'But I haven't got a son. I never had but one child, and that's Dorothea.' 'So namned after the lateLady Kyrle ?' 'I suppose so. It wasn't after me, and the girl herself isn't a bit what my daughter should be. She's as black as niight, and as tall as a giant. I'm sure she makes me lookl quite old,' sadly. ' Miss Kyrle resembles her father, per haps ?' 'Yes, she's just as proud. That' girl holds herself as high as if she wore a duchess.' 'Well, perhaps she may some day. She is a great heiress now'. Mrs. Yorke, I must trouble you to come again to my office to morrow, and to bring your daughter with you.' 'I can't,' said Mrs. Yorke, regretfully. ' Ant least, I can come myself if you like, but I can't bring Dora.' 'Shall I wait upon Mliss Kyrle at Ken nington ?' 'You wouldn't see her.' 'Is there anything wrong ' asked Mr. Evans, really alarmed. 'Your daughter is not an invalid, is she.' 'She never ailed an hour since she was born, and if she' was in England I'd bring her to you if I'd had to drag hier to the tramway.' 'Let uis hope such violence would not be necessary. Whero is Miss Kyrle ? I must communicate with her at once.' The mother's answer remained unspoken, for Mr.. Judd knocked at the .door and announced respectfully that. Ir. Kyrle was asking to see Mr Evans. 'Don't move, Mrs. Yorke-dlon't disturb yosrself,' said thle lawyer, 'affably. ' Show Sir Cecil Kyrle '-with a slight stress on the title-' here, Jutdd, ansd don't let us be interrupted.' CIHAPTEIR IX. MrIs. Yorke had caught thei name spoken by Mr. Evans to his clerk, and she stared at Cecil Kyrlo as though he had booeen some newly discovered curiosity. -'Mr. Evans rose and bowed gravely as he offered his hand to Cecil.' ' Our search is ended,' he said, simply; 'you must at once assume your title, Sir' Cecil, your cousin has been dead three years, and his only child is a daughtei'. 'Dora always did bring me vexation,' chimed in Mlrs. Yorke, ,vho began to feel herself neglected, 'but for her I might be the mother of a baronet.' 'This is Harold Kyrlo's widow,' said Mr. Evans, abi'ruptly, presenting his visitors to each other. 'My dear madame, this is the head of your husband's family, Sir Cecil Kyrle, your daughter's cousin.' 'I'm sure I'ni very glad to see the gentle man,' said Mrs. Yorke, sweetly. 'I live near Konnington, sir, a niice healthy part, and close to the tramways; 'if you should ever feel inclined for'a twopenny ride, Sir' Cecil, I'd be proud to see you. Suppose we say some Sunday to tea and muillus,' continued the widow, bhent on hospitality; 'blood's thicker than water, you know; Sir Cecil looked horrified. Of innate refine ment himself, Mrs. Yorko was torture to him, besides, he was wosndering whlat the mistress of Lakewood could be like to have such a mother. M\\[r. Evans guessed his tlhoughts. ' Mis Kyrle has so long been used to the name of Yorke that she prefers to retain it still. I am sorry Mliss Kvrlo is not here this morning. Mrs. Yorke, you Wore about to give me her address when Sir Cecil came in.' 'Dora went to Calais last December,' said M?Irs. Yorko, equably, ; : ' By herself I' exclaimed the sblicitor, dis approvingly. 'Of courso;: she's twenty-twod; why I wasn't snearly as old as thas whols I manrried. We were poor,' observed the widow, depreo catingly, 'cand it was D)ora's oivwn wish to work for herself. Her poor father wasted a mint of moneoy on her education, it was folly. iot to make use of it.' 'Then Miss Kyrlo is a gov?erness at Calais 1' trying hard to obtain some definite information. 'Yes, in a school or a convent, she didn't toll me which; she was to teach English, and Madame Laure was to give her twelve pounds a year. It would have been wicked to refuse such a chance. I made myself quite ill getting up so early to see her off' ' And thac is two months ago .' 'Yes,' agreed Mrs. Yorko, 'it was just three weeks before Christmas that she went.' 'You must send for her at once.' 'But I can't, I have no notion of the ad dress. Dora promised to write, but she niever did. She don't care much about me now, I daresay. She thinks of nothing but her grand French friends.' MIr Evans and Sir Cecil exchanged glances. 'nMrs. Yorke,' said the baronet, gently, 'this is very sad. Iam sure you must be very anxious about your daughter.' 'Dora's not like other girls,' said the mother, equably; ' she always took care .of herself, and settled everything. 'Did you see the letters that passed between her and this Madame Eaure ?' 'No, they were all in French. Dora put them into English for me. They meant just what I tell you Dora went for one year certain, and she was to have twelve pounds. I'm not sure the lady's name was Laurie. It may have been some thing longer, but I am positive it began with L." 'And the address ?' 'It was a castle, because I laughed and told Dora how grand she'd be. It's no use you aslking me any questions, Mr. Evan, I know nothing but what I've told you.' ' Was Mliss Kyrle pretty I' asked Cecil, reluctantly. 'She was not at all like me,' with a sign of contentment; ' still, when she was dressed she was not so bad, MIr. Evans,' as the clock struck twelve. 'I must be going, for I've ordered a lovely shoulder of mutton, baked with potatoes under it, for half- past one. Good-day, gentlemen. The fifty pounds are very nice, though I really think I deserved the hundred pounds.' ' What an awful woman !' said the young baronet, when Mrs. Yorke was fairly gone. 'I don't believe she cares one straw for her daughter. I hope when Miss Kysle is found she won't take her mother to live at Lake wood; it would seem to me like desecration of the dear old place.' 'I fancy Mliss Kyrlo will be very differ ent to her mother.' 'I think so too, Evans. It's strange I never heard of that girl till to-day. Every thing people thought would be mine is now hers, and yet I feel full of pity for her.' ' WVho can we send to Calais V' 'I think I had better go myself. I heard Mrs. Yorke's description, such as it was, and I fancy I should know a Kyrle face any where.' 'If it's a pretty face, and the girl turns out a lady, it would be a splendid match, Sir Cecil; title and fortune might then go together.' Cecil shook his head. 'I'm booked, Evans; that is I care so much for one girl that if she won't have me I should'nt care to have another. I am not in the least in love with Dorothea Kyrle's image, but I am desperately sorry for her. Fancy a girl thinking twelve pounds a year too good a chance to be refused I' 'I wonder how will she receive the news of her riches,' said the elder man, gravely. ' Well, I haven't found her yet. I shall start for Calais to-night, and begin my re searches to-morrovw. It's a strange errand, Evans, to go and hunt for a girl I have never seen, and who lives at a castle with a lady whose name begins with an L !' CIIAPTErI X. FACE to face they stood-the man who had loved with rare constancy, the woman who yielded to strong temptation, the two who had loved each other and hoped to spend their lives together; the one bent her eyes on the ground before the man she thought had wronged her; the man first spoke in a voice full of surprise and intense feeling; he said simply: 'Dora.' The great tenderness with which he pro nounced that word gave to Dorothea a firm belief that, although Vere Eastcourt had forsaken her, he loved her still. ' You have no right to speak to me,' she said, coldly 'three years ago you won my heart for the plaything of an hour ;you have done me harm enough.' Here Eastcourt took her reluctant hand in his, and held it firmly. 'Dora, you shall hear me. By the mem ory of your father who loved us both, by the Heaven above us, I swear I have been true to you. I could not have been more constant to a wife than my heart - has been to you, my first and only love. I have thought only of you these three weary years. 'Then why did you.. leave me i Wnhy forsake me in my bitter trouble ? Oh, VYeroe, it'broke my heart I' 'Dora, surely you trusted me ; you be lieved my letter I' S' I never had a letter froni you, Vere, in all my life. Oh !-there is some cruel mys tory I' Gently he led her away from the public footpath into a secluded part of the grounds; placing her on a rustic seat, he sat down beside her. 'Dora, when you and I parted, we l3oth agreed that I should see your father the next day. DI)arling, I did see him; is it possible that in the excitement and:suffering of his illness hlie did not tell you this I' ' I never heard,' she whispered..' ' Poor papa never spoke after he was first taken ill. Mother said she thought he expected the illness, for he had been talking toher of a great many things in the morning before he went out.' 'He did expect illness, Dora. When early on that morning I asked him for the most precious gift he had to give-his daughter-he told me he felt certain his death was very near.' Dorothea cried softly; it seemed to her her life had been one long failure. ' Mr. Yorke told me, Dora, there was an important family secret to be confided to you when you were one-and-twenty, and till thoe he could not sanctioni our engagement. IIcHe was very kind, Dora; he said he could trust me with his darling, and living or dead his blessing would be with us oni our wedding day. We were both young, he urged, and eighteen months would pass quickly; once of age you should be mine. 'Dora, loving you as Idid, knowing you would be true to me, could I do anything but yield I My brother was alive then, and I had nothing in the world besides my pay; prudence was on your father's side.' 'You were quite right, Vere,' said Dora, quickly. ' Icould not have had you do differently.' 'I wrote the whole truth to you, deal, from my home, where I had been summoned to my brother's deathbed. I told you that I could never be content to be only a friend to you, so that for the next eighteen months I should not'come to you. I implored you in any trouble to write to me, and then for that brief year and a half I bade you fare well.' ' Vero, I am so glad. I think believing you faithless was turning my heart into stone. Our love has brought us little happi ness, but, oh ! the joy to know you are allI believed you.' ' And you never had my letter, Dora ?' 'Never, oVereo.' ' When I heard of Lieutenant Yorke's death I wrote again, telling you that his wish was more binding on me still, now he wasnolonger here to enforce it. I said on the day you were twenty-one I should come toyou. I begged you.to send me word where to find you. Dora, when the time I' had so long looked forward to came and brought no line from you, what could I think but that you had forgotten me ?' ' I have often wished I could.' 'We have a long life before us, my dar ling one; in its sunshine we shall blot out these weary years of separation.' And she was silent. Before they parted she knew he must be told the truth. But now, in the first moment of their reunion, she could not find words. How could she breakl to him that never more could they two be as they once had been i-that slimmer dew and winter frost, seed-time and harvest, yonth and age, would find them divided by a gulf of her own forming, raised by her yielding to Strong Temptation. ' Oh, Vere,' she cried, in the anguish of her heart, ' I wish that I were dead V' Don't darling,' he said, tenderly. 'Re member I am with you henceforth to share every sorrow I cannot drive from you.' He put one arm around her, and with his other arm gently took hers. 'Dora, something troubles you ?' 'Yes,' she said, brokenly, 'and nothing can cure my trouble.' 'Is it your mother I' he asked, kindly. 'I know she is not like you, but that makes no difference to such love as mine. I shall never forget that you are her child, Dora. I think,' he went on slowly, 'you have grown more beautiful than ever. In all these years I have thought less of your face than your self, but I am glad my wife is so fair to see. I little thought the happiness that was coming to me this morning.' 'Don't, Vere,' hoarsely. 'I can't bear it.' ' Dora, what is wrong ? I know you are keeping some trouble back, dear. Won't you remember I ask nothing better than to bear half of every burden for you.' His arm encircled her more closely. He bent and kissed her lips 'You are keeping me in suspense, dear.' 'Oh, Vere, I can't bear to tell you. You won't love me when you know all, and, oh, I have missed your love so in all these weary years. 'I shall love you till I die,' he answered, firmly. 'Tell me all. You can trust me, surely, darling.' WTith her face buried on his shoulder, so that she could not see his blue eyes, she began, falteringly: 'Vere, I have not been true to you. I thought you false, and I grew desperate.' 'You are engaged to someone else ! Even that can't come between us, Dora. Mine is the first claim.' ' Vere, why won't you understand me. It is worse than that.' 'Not married ?' ' Yes.' Vere Eastcourt said no word, but every gleam of hope died out of his face. He looked like some statue. He had loved Dorothea with his whole heart. He had mourned her bitterly, anid found her only to hear she was another's. 'Oh, don't look like that, Vere. Don't turn away. Speak to me. Say you forgive me, for pity's sake.' Even ill that moment of supreme dlis appointment Veore thought for her, not for himself. 'Don't blame yourself,' he said, quietly; 'you never had my letters. I can't wonder that you thought me false.' 'Oh, Vere, I am so wretched. I am as miserable as I deserve to be.' 'Dora, it hurts me for you to speak like that. You must not blame yourself.' 'I sold myself,' she moaned. ' Vree, Idid so hate poverty. No one cared what I did. I thought, if only I were rich and saw new scenes, I could forget you.' 'And did you ?' She shook her head. 'I think, Vere, our lives are fated to influence each other. Every day since my wedding I have thought of you.' 'And the man's name ?' abruptly. 'Bryan HIastings.' 'Involuntarily Mlaude's words came to Vere's mind: 'I pity Mr. Hastings' wife with all my heart.' Is he good to you, Dbra ?' he aslked, in spite of himself. She shook her head. 'He is not unkind. We live for ourselves. Each goes their own way. He purchased me as an ornament tohis house, and pays me by a lovely frame for my poor face. I despise him utterly; but I ride in his carriage, sit at his table, anid spend his money, so I keep to my part of the bargain. Oh, Vere,' dropping her proud tone, and speaking.like some weary, hunted animal, 'I amn miserable. If I have sinned I am punished. I have not been married six weeks, and the time seems an eternity.' 'It is cruel perversity of fate to bring you to live at my threshold.' 'Do you live here ?' ' Yes, at Eastcourt. Dora, we must keep our secret, my darling. 'You and I are better miles apart. I cannot see you con stantly-daily, perhaps-and know that never again will you be my own. I shall makle some excuse and go away.' Her weakness showed itself then. 'Vere, if you have forgiven me--if you don't despise me utterly-stay. Oh, Vere, in the wretched life to which I have sold myself you will be my only gleam of sun shine. Oh, stay, and let me see you some times. I am the most miserable creature on this beautiful earthl. Stay near me and he my friend.' She had nio idea of the sacrifice she demanded. 'Dora, don't you know I don't think of you as a friend ?' 'Thought is free,' she said, bitterly, 'if all else is captive. Vere, stay. Help me against myself.' Vere Eastcourt's judgment forbade the step. He felt that he and Dorh were lovers, niot friends, anid the proposed role was pain fil to a degree. Yet for her sake he yielded. ' I will stay.' After that both sat silent for some time. They knew that never more must they sit together thus--never more revert to old times and bygone hopes. This was their adieu as lovers. They would meet next as ' friends.' 'Vere, don't you thiink fate has beeoon very cruel to us ?' 'Bitterly. We must live it down.' 'I thinkl I should have been a good woman if I had married you, Vere. Now I know I niever shall.' ' MIy daling, don't talk like this. You so young. 'That's just it, Verc. I have so many years before me, and through them all I shall long for one touch of your hand and the sound of your voice. It's a pity unhappiness doesn't kill, Vere.' 'Ay,' hesaid, hoarsely. 'I suppose it's cowardly to wish it did ?' 'Then I am a coward, Vore, for I am wishing I could die now with your arms rounid me.' , They did niot speak again until presoenltly, when the tears were dry, he pressed a last kiss on her lips, anid roso up slowly. 'Good-bye, my darling. Heaven help you, my little lost love. Farewell' Vere went to Eastcourt, Dora walked sloivly back to the Lodge, and the unseen listener, who had made a third at this meet ing, lilkewise went liome to luncheon. CIIAi'TEI XI. RosAMoND STUART had arrived at East court very soon after Dora Yorke's wedding, and Lady Isabel and Mlaudo were both de lighted with their guest, while tliohe home of ease and luxury was simply Paradise to Rosamond after the fifth floor at Chilteau Thierry. Rosamond had many good qualities. She was amiable, really clever, agreeable, and intellectual; but she was too devoted to herself not to trample on anything which stoo~1 in the way of her own interests. Throughl life she had been true to one person only, herself. It was a much more pleasing form of sel fishness than Bryan Hastings,' but it was certainly more dangerous. Before she came to Eastcourt Rosamond had avague liking for Vere, but when she had been there three weeks she made up her mind to spend her life at the graiid old place asits master's wife. She thought this honour within her reach. She had not forgotten the last night of Dora Yorke's maiden life. She guessed what Yere's mother and sis ter never dreamed of, that his life held a secret about love and a woman; but Rosa mond persuaded herself that Vere had "got over" that little episode. Besides, now Dora was married the field was free. Rosamond was very clever, but she made one great mistake. Long before she had conquered Vere's affection--while she even confessed he did not love her-eshewas caught in her own toils. She loved the handsome master of East court as her very life, and grew to wish for his love for other reasons than his great possessions. This love might have been the blessing of her life. 'It was selfish love, and so it proved a curse But for her mad infatuation for Vere East court we should not have had to write against Rosamond's name that she was a sinner. Lady Isabel and Maude both gave Rosa mond every assistance, little knowing that in promoting their own views they were furthering hers. If ever man were given time, opportunity, and excuse for falling in love Vere was given all three when Rosamond Stuart became his sister's guest. One morning, when it had been arranged for the three young people to take a long ride together, Mlaude came down complaining of a headache 'It need make no difference, Rose,' she insisted. 'You shall not be disappointed of your ride. Vere will escort you.' 'So the two started directly after break fast, mother and daughter standing on the terrace steps to see them off; both thinking lhow fair and stately a mistress Rosamond would make for Eastcourt. ' Mr. and Mrs. Hastings returned last niight, Maude,' began Lady Isabel, when the horses were out of sight. ' We nmust callon thenl to-morrow.i ' As you please, mamma.' 'You don't seem to care about it, Maude. I fancied you were so ianxious to see Mrs. Hastings.' 'Rose has told me allabout her, mamma. She is sure I shall not like her.' ' WThy, I thought Rose liked Mrs. -Hast ings so much. What can possibly have changed her opinion ?' 'She does like Mrs. Hastings, only she says she cannot fancy my ever doing so.' ' That is wrong,' replied Lady Isabel, de cidedly. Rosamond should not prejudice you against your nearest neighbours. I fancy, Maude,' continued the mother, slowly, ' Rose is a little jealous. She would like to step in between you and Mrs. Hastings, and kceep you apart while she herself was the friend of both.' ' I'don't think so, mammna. What object could she have ? When Rose goes back to Paris what can it matter to her if Mrs. Has tings and I are friends or foes.?' ' But she may not go back, Maudie. How do you think she and Vere got on ?' 'I have no idea. He admires' hle, of co?urse, but who couild help that ?' ' Well, your headache will give tlhem a long tfite-s-tite. You had better lie down, Miaude.' SThey.l had come in now, and were in their favourite spot for conversation-the pretty nsorninsg.roouss. ' .. ' I'd rather stay here, mamma,' sittiing down at her mother's feet. ' I want to talk to you.' 'Is there anything the matter, Maude.' '-Nothing,' slowly. 'Iheard from Cecil this morning.' 'Why did'nt you toll us before, dear 1' asked the mother, unsuspiciously. "`Vero would have liked to see the letter before he weUt out.' Maudo gave a little squeeze to her treas ure, very determined that no eyes but hers should rest upon it. cWell, what does Cecil say, dear I 1 sup pose poor.Harold is not found 1' ' Yes, that is, his widow has come forward. He has been dead three years.' 'Poor fellow ! Ah, then dear Cecil will still be the baronet, and have Lakewood ?' 'He will be Sir Cecil still, but not master of Lakewood. Harold Kyrlo has left a daughter.' ' How strange ?' exclaimed her ladyship. 'rNeve-, that I have heard, has Lakewood belonged to a woman. There is an old superstiition in the family that the first woman who should possess the place should be unhappy, and never live there. Poor Cecil! what a disappointment this is for him !' TO iIE CONTINUED. 