to the Honourabfie She K!SmistEF for Lands. Pe» Favor of The ' COMBEBtxSb Argus.' SliW — Ere the echoe s fall silent of the deserved, applause which greeted your (action in regard to the dedication of Kurnell . penwit me to call your attention to another ^historic spot— to one upon 'which, during the last;half century and ffiffls, very inade ?quate consideration has /botta. accorded by successive administrations. I refer to Par Taniatta Park, wlrich embraces within its ?boundaries the site of the original llosehill settlement — in otiher 'words, ' the site of what for several !years was the centre of the colony's social,, scientific and political life. Writing-in Dwtinibee, 1791, Tench said (I am quoting Bivrton), that Sydney, had long been considered as only a depot for stores ; it exhibited nothing but a few old ? scattered hats .ana some sterile gardens,; / cultivation of 'the gronnd was abandoned, and all -our strength transferred- fco Rose hill.' It M -nn incontestable fact, there* fore, that'old' Eosehill ' and itsnature i formed ''crescent ' (on the brow of which Phillip built himself a cottage) are -qpots about wJiich-hovers a cloud of associations of the imost interesting ''historic ' character. -I do not say that Pusramabta. Parlc and'its ' enclosures ' (of the-kindjusfc ief erred to) have been absolutely neglected Ijyouritreasurers and jEdiles in^theipast ; -though slconceive that anything approach ing to 'treatment commensurate with; their ; Mstoric ? interest has been denied ? them. ^Maintenance on a generous aesthetic scale they assuredly deserve, every whit as much as theimosfc well-cared-for of Sydney's parks ?and gardens— and this, not in fche interests ?of Parramattans, but in the ^interests of the, people of Australia. No visitor (' dis tinguished ' or otherwise) to -vthis colony considers that ho or she has ' ' dono ' it, unless a trip has been made to the Oak Avenue and to the spot whence the first Australian astronomer commenced the . systematic observation of the ' Austra lian ' constellations. And, as with visitors from , abroad, so with those from 'up ' -couotry,' Parramatta Park isa place that -mus£beseen. The Park TrusWith its very limited means can just keep their domain tidy. To improve it' is quite out of their j power ; and' yet within ate .'limits is the site of Caley's ' botanic garden,' the very first of its kind established an this conti nent. While great sums are annually lavished upon metropolitan and national . j)arks, not ono of which has stronger ^claims upon tho authorities charged with tho maintenance of state .plensaunces than those which Parramatta Park possesses, the drops that fall from the .treasurer's spigot as votes..in aid of the .local trust's administrative income are few and small. I think, sir, that you would .merit encomium were you; to re-clasaify Parramatta Park by promoting it to ; the .rank of a 'first class1' State Domain; jpladng it under the charge. of .V properly 'qualified curator ; and persuading Parlia ment to endow it witli an. annual grant .adequate to the task of transforming a :6uitiible portion of its area, into a Botanic 'Garden, etc., etc. Atthei/base and upon theioscarpment of the 'Croscent,' there is jus^such a sight as a curator of taste ?might convert into a thing- of- beauty and a joy ifor — as long as he ^possessed the '.possibles ' wherewith to operate. Then, surely,, some State purpose. -might be de vised .to which the Old Government House 'buildings could be applied. That they should/be used as a private boarding-house, is tO'say the least of it incongruous— as in congruous as though Hampton- Court were transmogrified into a Seotchi^pie-shop or Holyrood Palace into an .oyster saloon. Itnnay be urged, perchance, ?? that some of Parsamatta Park's historic associations are decidedly unsavory, .:without being in the least degree picturesque. .History, however,: has to deal with sinner-s as well as withisaint8, with Jonathan Wilds and SawnyBjaarsaswellaswithBolingbrokesand .Nelsons— nwith dull as well:as with lively ? .epochs. To those who ha v&sfcudied.; (Austra- lian histQBy.;5pme (as they saunter in Parra ?matta's P.ark) the ghosts .of the old pioneers -who wrought at the making. of New.South 'Wales— some saints, some sinnere. We ?owe it to llheir memories that JEtosehiill and .dts ' Crescent ' should be spots dedicated i(like Per«««oi.or Kurnell) to Clio— and not ?only formaHyi dedicated but ^maintained in iseemly conclition with reverent -eare. It is \& debt due thy New South AVales to all Australia tJiafc:Parramatta iPark should ibe Ikept spick and -span as a state pleasaunce. *So cast the main burden of its. maintenance upon a, niggardly endowed local trust is the /mistake that baa been made continuously for many a long year by Government after. Oovernment. TSou, sir, have /fallen into i tke same error reminding this, matter ; but, ' in your case, the opportunity of getting up. out of it is yet yours. Pray avail yourself thensof-andatonoe— byplacingParramatta' ? Park binder a State (6'urator and endowing the management witfo an income- sufficient for aaaintaining it iiandsomely — as Aus tralia'-s^os* Historic Fleasaunce ought to be maintained. —I be« to subscribe .myself, your obedient servant, \- J.OHN SHAW. Parramatta, May 14, 189.9. 