A DECLARATION OF POLICY. Victoria is in the liappy condition, for the -time being, of having no political his tory. Ministers, indeed, as yet have hardly entered on the process of incuba tion. Nor is there any need for liurry, seeing that Parliament will not be called together for the. despatch of business be fore tlie- middle of June. For matter of political' interest. we, miist look elsewhere; to New South Wales, where Mr. Reid is preparing a new" federation sauce foi the basting of the Legislative Council; or to South Australia, where Mr. Kingston has made an announcement of Ministerial policy on the eve of a general election. The federal issue is a question of Austra lian concern; hut until New South Wales has declared its faith the other colonies are content to suspend any definite action. An exception, however, must be noted in the case of South Australia. Tho holding of a general election is a convenient and an economical opportunity of having tlie referendum; and so Mr. Kingston pre ferred to take for granted that Mr. Reid's ingenuity would he equal to tho task of rolling the stumbling block of anti-federal opposition out of the way. There is every reason to believe that this confidence will bo amply justified, and that the nominee Chamber in New South Wales will shortly undergo such a transformation that, in the expressive diction of a popular song, " 'E won'tknowwhero "e are." South Aus tralia, having affirmed once by popular vote its adhesion to the causes of Aus tralian unity, is not likely to rescind its previous verdict. Mr. Kingston acknow ledges that, though the constitution under tho Convention scheme is not precisely what he would like in. all particulars, it offers a- practical and democratic basis for federation. He is enamored of the prin ciple of adult suffrage, and would fain see South Australian example universally adopted. With the facilities given in the amended scheme for altering the constitu tion in accordance with popular desire, he has hope that the Federal Parliament will not be long in existence before adult suf frage for both Houses will he the uniform federal franchise, and. all Australia will thus be raised to the high democratic level of South Australia. However this may be, the provisions in tlie scheme, which decrease the power of ob.structivcness, provide a remedy against deadlocks, and place the final determination in the hands of the people, should commend tho amended proposal to even warmer support than was given before. Mr. Kingston is not afraid to state his belief on this point, lie boldly predicts that we shall see Fede ration before the end of the century — before the 1st of January, 1901. The Kingston Ministry has altered the reputation of South Australia for political fickleness. There was a time when Go vernments flitted like ghosts across the stage, slain hy intrigue, almost before they had bcgun.to taste the joys of exist ence. Tlie present Administration lias been in office for six years, and lias thus broken the South Australian record. "With pardonable -pride Mr. Kingston emphasises the fact that no Premier in his colony has ever previously enjoyed tlie opportunity 011 two consecutive occasions of declaring tlie Government policy at the general elec tions. It has not been for want of will on tlie part of his opponents that lie lias not been deprived of tlie power of making I this boast. He has been called upon to withstand many attacks; but has sur vived them without 3v-eakeni„7hr ' 1 while his antagonist appears to ,, n' 1 fared with each attempt in I0 T ,S"f' I force. With all his faults of manncr'tlf 1 colony has recognised in Mr. Kin" ui a vigorous, energetic and LiW,i J politician. He has sliown that ill'"'; ' not fear to attack Conservative h.,1' J and that temporary defeat does not I rent him from renewing The attack it I the programme he is now submittim, i" I places as a foremost feature the refoni, of I the Legislative Council. His pan u-.., 9 the abolition of Legislative olni,,,; " 1 to establish the Council franchise on the S basis of household suffrage. Under nre. 1 sent conditions there are 151,000 cieeto s 1 for the Assembly, and oiily 47,000 f„r th» 8 Council. -Household suffrage would mean i an addition to the Legislative Comi-ii roll I of over 70,000 votes. Last year the Seeoml 1 Chamber rejected this proposal; bat I approved by the popular vote Mr. Kin-.'. S ton will renew the demand with increased 8 determination. There are some who he- I lieve that enlarging the representative ti I pacity of the Second Chamber will increase I its power of obstructiveness. A necessary I corollary of .the one amendment, however 8 is that there shall be a provision acainst 8 deadlocks by requiring the reference of 8 any subject in dispute to the decidiii" vote 8 of the. people. I On matters of industrial and financial 8 legislation Mr. Kingston's Government i; | also prepared with a progressive poliev. 8 South Australia has some ambition to rival New Kcaland in the direction of so- 81 cial experiment. It is proposed that the State Bank, whose functions are now con- fi fined to tlie working of tlie Credit Foueicr 1 system, shall be made one of issue and I deposit, as was originally intended. Good 9 work has been done on the existing basis. 9 Nearly half a million of money lias bceii 9 loaned out on such good security that the 9 amount of interest in arrear does not ex- 9 eced £300. Whether tlie enlargement ot 9 its powers in the manner suggested will 9 be beneficial will depend on the nature of B the proposals, and Mr. Kingston lias not fl entered into the detail necessary for any fl judgment to bo formed. Stale Fire Insu- B ranee is another portion of the Govern- fl ment policy. Mr. Kingston has 110 sym- fl patliy with the cry of vested interests, for fl he regards ail the companies operating iu fl South Australia as alien corporations. He fl bclieye3 that tlie Slate can safely and pro- fl fitahly undertake tho business, and that fl tlie people will receive tlie advantage of fl lower rates. There is a Labor Bureau in fl operation in South Australia, but it does 91 not seem to have contributed much to tlie fl solution of the unemployed difficulty. Mr. H Kingston has come to tile conclusion that fl to get tlie people on the land is tlie only 9 real remedy, and with this purpose in view H lie would like to give still further cneou- fl ragemcnt to village settlement. Under H favorable conditions lie believes that these H settlements can be made self supporting. H Civil service reform and cheap law are H subjects of perennial promise, and a com- B munity rendered cynical by continual dis- B appointment does not build its cxpeeta- B lions too high. Victorian example in fae- B tory legislation is to receive the compli- I9H ment of imitation. , The public works SSj policy of Mr. Kingston includes the eon- Hi struction of a railway to the Queensland D border, further expenditure on water eon- |B serration, and a promise that if Lord Kit- B| morcy's scheme fails tlie outer harbor will afl be taken up as n State enterprise. A grav- ffiH ing dock at Port Adelaide is also promised. HS The Opposition must be prepared with HB something more definite than captious H criticism if they are to outbid Sir. Kings-- B| ton in his appeal for public support. KB 