NOVEL. The Wonder-Witch CHAPTER XVIII.—(Continued.} By M. C-. McCLELLA-ND, Bat when the negroes whispered about, with horrid insistence, a grim legend of a peddler seen to enter the wakefield door, bat not to oome oat again, the populace decided that the town was ripe for investigation, and, summoning official aid, raided the place. The Wakefieids resisted, and there was a battle, in which a man or two were shot. This added to the evil repate of the place, and it needed only a hideous discovery in one of the cellars, and an incontinent lynching in the backyatd, to give it a obaraoter which would condemn it to isolation from human occupation forever. The agent no longer took the trouble even to fasten up doors and windows. He knew that in the buoolic imagination, both white and coloured, the place would speedily become a choice rendezvous lor evil spirits and haunts, and the particular stamping ground of the devil. As Bath turned from a eide gate into the pabho road, she noticed a nephew of her relative's, who lived with her, in a far field, talking to a man on hursebaok. She cantered on briskly, not wishing to be belated. A mile or so on she turned into a cross road which debouched through a pine forest and was apparently but little used. The afternoon was sombre, with a dull November sky and intermittent sunshine. The chill of the air was untouched, and the earth held the frost of the previoas night, so that, except where fallen pine needles deadened all sound, it rang hard as iron nnder the horse's hoofs. On either hand the pines, aiffiostyled and massive, uplifted columns of bTonze, with solemn cathedral effects, enhanoed by the interlacing of dark branches above into impo9t and arch, rib and groin. Through the foliag'ed intricacies of this mighty roof the light sifted dimly down to the shadowless carpet of brown pine needles. Ruth rode slowly, impressed with the silence and grandeur of the place and invigorated by the aromatic incense whioh she drew into her longs. A short distanoe farther the woods opened into clear fields, enclosed by dilapidated fences, and abandoned to the encroachment of broomsedge and sorab. The road, muoh washed and gullied, led circaitously to the old farmhouse in the distance, so Ruth left it and cat across through the fields. The house stood bare and forlorn among its denuded trees, the very epitome and centre of as encompassing desolation. Buth shuddered as ehe looked at it, mildewed over with decay, its sashless windows goggling into space like eyeless sockets, its smokeless chimneys eloquent o£ oold hearthstones below. She did not wonder that the place was avoided by all, and waa half sorry she had come to it herself. She wrenched her mind away from .the wonder which of the trees had been osedas a gibbet, and resolutely recalled the old time, striving to fill the silence and desolation with the movements of men and the glow of camp fires. The yard en closure was gone, bat a broken' gate post stuck np in front, like a last tooth in the jaw of old age. Bath dismounted and fastened her horse to it. The pathway to the house was dietinot still and well beaten, but the poroh itself was unsound, and sagged mournfully away from the building. Buth crossed it dubiously and laid her hand on the door. As she did so her hone whinnied sharply, and she glanced back at him, startled. There was nothing in sight: so, concluding that the be&Btwas; simply protesting against being left, she poshed open the door and entered. The room to the right of the hall was the one in which the jovial general and hie staff had toasted her on that far away morning. She glanced at it curiously, noting its utter desolation and the dirt and dilapidation which spoke ot its hiaeous alter days, one proceeded np the stairway, trying to revivify old associations and emotions, and failing signaHy. . The 'now* was omnipresent, and for the then there could be only the unsubstantiality of a ghostly return. It was oi Gothrie, not of the gay young Confederate, that Bath thought as she crossed the upper hall and entered the small room iqo which their interview had taken place. - Here it waB better: the room was moderately cltan, and the window, while denuded of a pane or two of glass, retained its bashes. The gloom without had lifted a little, and' what scant sanshine there was entered and lay in a segmented square on the floor. A shabby old table, too forlorn to tempt theft, stood iu the oentre of the room, and beside it a broken»baoked chair, whioh seemed somehow to torn the edge of the general desolation. Bath seated herself and strove loyally to bring baok the past, even removing her gloves so that she might derive inspiration from the wonder- witch's ring. So intent was she that she did not notice the noiseless opening of an inner door, or the equally noiseless advance of a man in grey uniform. It was only when a quiet voice said, * It's pretty hard work coloring it all back, isn't it?' that ehe looked ap in terror, with her heart in her throat, to behold—the Confederate! For a delirious instant it seemed to her that sh6 most be try sting with a ghost, and then Guthrie's voioe, entreating forgiveness for a sordid trick was in her ears, and Guthrie's strong hands held hers in their clasp. Then, in a moment their eyes had spoken, and a great spell broke over her, and she was gathered close in his arms, clinging on his breast, with his lips seeking here, and her heart all a>tremble with relief and love and comprehension. CHAPTEB XIX. In the first flash of recognition, the link ing together of her present and past, the realization that this new love of hers waa but a delayed growth and blossoming from tho old root, Buth yielded herself gladly and let love have its way. Bat after a little her omnipresent honesty reasserted itself. She poshed Guthrie from her with a quick exolamatiou that she had no right,— that he was the property of another. Guthrie, thanks to a hint from Miss Vandan sot utterly at sea, quietly drew her olose again, holding her fsce against his breast and explaining that she herself, and no other woman, had held the first place in his heart since the far away morning when he had bidden her farewell in the room down below and left with her his pledgo. The neighbourhood bad made a most natural blunder, he affirmed, but one exceedingly annoying to all parties. Then he laughed gayly and bade Buth look to her own flesh and name for Miss Vandan : s lover. Pate had given Hugh a chance at retaliation for scores by a bit of Northern conquest, and, if signs went for anything he had embraced his opportunity. Buth professed herself satisfied, and, hand in hand, they prooeeded downstairs, reviving the past more successfully in oompany. On their way out, they visited the lower room, wbicb by some singular optioal delusion appeared to emerge from the hideousness of later happenings and even to take on a bit of reflex cheerfulness. Guthrie produced the roan filly from an outhouse, where she had been stabled (a foot already commented on by the descendant of Lapwing), and the pair rode away together. During the ride Guthrie explained sundry other matters. At Miss VaDdan's instigation he had shaved off his beard, and borrowed Hugh's old uniform, whioh fortunately fitted him fairly well. He had made an extra early start and come up to the gap that day, halting for a midday rest ft a house in the notch. His intention had been to go straight to Mias Bandolph's, but be had mif-ssd his way a little, and finallyturned aside into a field to interview a boy about it. While talking he had a glimpee of her, on horseback, in the road, and like an inspiration it oome over him where she was going. Previous knowledge of the country, and a few hurried directions from the boy, enabled him to utilise a short cut, and, by hard riding to gat to the goal ahead of her. Hugh had told him that the house was unoccupied. The roan filly had proved her metal and been safely hidden in the out* hou66 full three minutes before Both had emerged from the pine forest. From an upper window he had watohed her approach, assured of the hold which the old time must have on her by her coming, and also by her wearing the hat with the crossed bayonets. Then he pot out bis hand and took hers and drew the glove from it, that ho might lay his lips to her fingers as he had done long ago. He drew off the ring, and then replaced it with, as he said, a deeper significance. And while the horses moved' slowly, side by side, he told her a brief resume of its historv. {THE END ) 