TOPICS OP "THE BLOCK." Lord Braesey at tlie Salvation Army de monstration on Tuesday related how he had been impressed byan address delivered on an Atlantic liner by a lady officer who was tak ing a leading part in the Prison Gate Bri gade in New York, and how here, in Mel bourne.. he had frequently been moved by the eloquent remarks on the "Army's ' work by Mrs. Booth. Dr. William Snowball, who ^six months ago had to give up practice in town, and seek rest on his "farm" at Thotfwlate, 80 uiileB from Melbourne, in Gippsland, has cot over his iJiness, and is now looking him self again, though he has lost, a good deal of weight. He had some slight heart trouble, for which the best cure was a season of absolute idleness, and so was prevented from indulging in his usual joy of felling trees, cutting up logs, and burn ing off Mr. Arthur GaJton, B.A., who was re cently admitted to deacon <b orders by the Bishop of Carlisle, «sed to be private sec retaij to Sir Bobert Duff, in Sydney. He is curate of the Anglican Church at Win dermere. When an undergraduate at Cam bridge lie became a Horn an Catholic. bong ordained as a priest by the Bishop of Bir mingham. after studying at Brompton and Oseott. He has since "returned to the faith/' The All Kationfi Fair. Adelaide, in aid of the blind, has attracted large to the Exhibition-building there. Lord Tennvson, when opening it, made an ex cellent rtieech. He has a clear, pleasant ^icea^Tfine style. A lara «» in the eastern annexe of the JuJu bition has been furnished as,a drawingrooui, with rugs and comiortable <hairs, palnis, An at home ki held each afternoon by ladies, who provide music and refreshments. On opening da.\ the at home was held by Mrs. S. J- Way. The Governor and Lady lenoysoij At* tenduL Subsequent at homes have been held bv Lady Coles, Lady graF» Bonvthon, the Mayoress (Mrs. Ware). Mrs. Goode, and Mrs. Harmer. To reach the tea-room visitors have to pass through the fair, so their coming leads to business en route. Ladv Tennyson, although die looks happ.v enough in Adelaide, has her moinenta o. depression. At a function immediately after her arrival the remark from *<»nie thoughtless person about dear ones left at hoine brought unbidden tears to her eyes. She had not dreamt of tears when dressing for that function, and so had brought no handkerchief. Her eldest son, aged about nix. grasped the eituation, but he, too, had dressed iu a hurry; an appeal to his brother, aged about five, bad no better re-^ suit. Tlierrench of "Hanky for Mummy was then mummed to Miss Dussan (gcuvernaute), who .came to the rescue, ami the vice- regal tears were dried. Madame Tasca (Mrs. Alfred PlumptonJ, at one time a teacher of music in Mel bourne. now plays the p»no in tlie orchestra at the Palace Theatre, London, where her husband conducts. While at Cannes the Prince of Wal<» dined with the Comtesse Edmond de Pour vales at the Villa Saint Priest. After dinner, the Earl of Yarmouth and. Miss Alma Tadema acted in a duologue, fcjpme Vows Are Better Broken," written by Mjss Tadema. .An Adelaide writer asks in the "Regis ter' what punishment tits the crime of a battery officer who fails to salute a dis tinguished visitor at the proper time. H was all behind in?«8PftOOing"to the gun-hrc of tlie Italian watuhip Etna. On a occasion when a foreign man-of-war arrlJT at Largs, die Kaluted wie flag, but there was no response that day. Kext morning, wn«i the garrison could be awakened, the return salute was fired. "If a gunner can be im prisoned in Adelaide gam for hours, his leave stopped, and fined tw davs' pay for neglectuig to blow tlw bugie call, Tail in,' wtiat punishment should tie meted out tothe officer iu charge of Uwtort for not rep lying-as he w bound to do oy the QueenVreguUtwus, rm for K«n--to "i act of courtesy of a friendly nation, and one of our allies?" Miss Florence Y'oang hap been in a revival of "Faifca" *t Bri*fc>n Theatre. sZ&ESw5d.; marble bust of Madame Melua. Miss Jenny Watt-Tftnner has been play ing Lady Coodle in "A Runaway G»rl at the Gaiety Theatre, London. The death of Miss Ma»T Jane.^®^ Turner, of Blackburn, England, whiciv oc curred in March, at the age oi the last persona! link (says die London "Daily Telegraph'') ill an extraordinary ro mance in S II^b legislator and attUior tfdyard ^bbon of 1827, andunder the pretence that her father was very ill she wasJ taken away to Manchester by a person representing him self as a-servant. There she was joined by , Wakefield, who told her her father was ruined by the failure of a hank, but pro mised if she would marry him to give i £60,000 to save him from imprisonment. This «he consented to, and the ceremony was performed at Gretna Green. 'Hearing of-her abduction, her two uncles followed the couple to Calais, and brought her home. Wakefield was subsequently prose jcutod at Lancaster, and with u brother, | who nvas implicated, -sentenced to three 1 yearB' imprisonment, and in the following j month the House of Lords passed a hill j annulling the marriage. I Lady Salomons, wife of the New South Wales Agent-General, has had her brother, ; Alfred ^tem, a millionaire, son of the late | Baron Stern, declared incapable of looking j after himself or managing his affairs. A jury, summoned by the master-in-lunacy | in-London, has so pronounced. Mr. Stern, ; it was «hown, attempted to force his way .into Marlborough-bouse, one of his lmlluci . nations being that he is Prince of Wales. 1 He insisted upon being addressed as "Royal ' Highness," and he doubted the relationship i to him of his mother and sisters. When . he drank a bottle of wiue at dinner he , immediately flung the empty bottle through , the window. ^ aen strangej-s approached I him he would cover his head with a towel ! or newspaper, and the only explanation he gave why be did so was "Kinbeliriky." feeveral times in the course of a week he ' would violently clap his hands for half an hour at a time. This, he stated, was in : order to summon the ghosts of Wellington 1 and Napoleon. He attributed President i Faure's sudden death to the shock of learn ing that "His Royal Highness"' (meaning himself) was shut up in ]<Jtharo-park. Mr. : Stern's property amounts to some three ; millions sterling. j At a time when Hhe experts of "The Hlock"' are discussing the ?question as to I which are the twelve most popular songs, . it seems appropriate to describe, on the authority of "An Englishman in Paris," the effect that the singing of the "Mar seillaise" had on a Paris audience at the Opera, in 1870, when the nation was eager to march to Berlin: -"Faure, the great baritone, made his entrance, and advancing to the footlights, intoned the national hymn as, perhaps, it had never been in toned before, has it has never been intoned since. 'I saw men who, without wincing, draw another card at baccarat, when they had already made five points weep like children,' said an eye-witness. And what that means only those who have drawn at five points at baccarat know. Suddenly, after the fii-st strophe of the hymn, a sten toriau voice resounded through the house. 'Stand up and hate offT it roared. And the audience, as one man, did what it was told. The inan who had produced the elec trical effect was Emile do tjiraidin.'", ^ 