Day of Pentecost. Szsitos by Rev. Db. Tjuaiias. And when the ilay of Pentecost wis fully come, tliey were all with ono acccrd in one place. Anil suddenly<th(-re came n sound fromheaven as of a rushing wind, and it llllcd all the house where they"weresitting. And there appeared unto them eleven tongues like as of lire, and it sat upon each ol' them.—Acts ii. 1-3. It was about the autumn season of the year in the Holy Land. Just as in the autumn, after our fanners have gathered in their crops, they come to the city to sac the sights of the great town, so, the harvests having ham gathered, the people came in from the rural districts, and, indeed, from great distances abroad, lo the city of Jerusalem to see what was going on ; and as is always the custom in all ages for persons who have serious intent, among those who came to the city of Jerusalem many sought out a place " of religious worship. They were gathered in holy assemblage, and while the services were advancing, there was an interruption. There was first tho rumbling as of an earth quake. Then there was the rushing of a tornado. It came on stronger and stronger. There was no Eight from it. To add lo the excitement there were flames of fire in the shape of tongues seated on the heads of the people. "What was this rumbling, rushing sound «3 of earthquake and tempest ? It was. the Holy Ghost. Yon nro ready for the sequel, that in that one service 15,000 f*ouIs entered into tho kingdom of God. They came in perhaps U3 some of you have now done, without any special errand, with out any special iuteat—tho children of the world, they went away the children of the Lord God Almighty. " And when the day of Pentecost wa3 fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were silting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them." Oh that God would bring this subject very near to our souls now. What yen aud I most need is not salvation to-morrow, or next week, or next vcar, but solvation now. J. i*irst oi ail I want to toll you that tne day of Pentecost was tho Sabbath day. The probability was that the majority of those people there assembled were obliged to work for a living, bat tho consecrated hoars had como, and they were at rest. And so.it is with us ou the Sabbath day. What a glorious day ! The tire is gone out of the furnace, liie bar is against the store door, the moneysafp locked, the daybook and ledger closed, and out of this seething, sweltering, roaring city life you have plucked one day for your soul. You arc more tender 0:1 religious subjects now than on other days. If I should comeinto your place t f business and begin talk ingabout the things of eternity, you would say to me;*" We have these silks to sell, the^c walls to build, these banisters to turn.. Wc have our many engagements fo look after. This is Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, and not the time to be thinking about the soul." But tho holy Sabbath has comr, and you are here to-day, and you arc willing to hear, and I have to say on this great theme what I can. You say, " Bo frank,with me. If I have an immortal soul, tell me so. If I am a sinner, tell mc so. If there is a vast eternity before mo, thunder it in my ears so that I cannot escape it." 2\. Ire-mark still further on the analogy between that occasion spoken of in the text and the occasion on which wo are now assembled, that it was a day of sacred con vocation. People have been brought to God on tho prauic, fur, away from the church door; they have been aroused in places of sin and brought to Christ, but the vast majority of those that have, become Christians have entered tho kingdom of God through the doors of the sanctuary. Now, wo are gathered hero at this moment not for any formal* or set service, bnt as u great mass meeting, to attend to the thiugs of the soul— not to decide who shall rule over us in the State, or who ediall rulo over us in the city, or who ehall rule over us in the nation, but whether Christ, the Son of God, shall rule over our souls. Some of you ma}* remember that when the Cambria ran on to the rocks on the Irish coast the passengers ran up and down the deck amid great excitement, wringing their hands, for there were not enough lifeboats to take all off. So, my friends, we are launched on a great ocean— what shall be our destiny? Are there enough lifeboats to take off all tho passen gers? Blessed bo God, room and to spare— room for one, room for all! If the Holy Spirit should come down on this religious.as •emblage, thero would be a man crying out. "Lord, save me, or I perish!" There would be a woman erring out, " Lord, that mine eyes might be opened]" Here would be someone crying out, 4* Lord, be merciful to me a sinner ]" See you not the kindling in yonr souls of the tongue of fire? Hear yon not the rush of the tempest of the Holy Ghost? . 3\. Bnt I remark still further, in the analogy between that occasion and this, the fact that many strangers were gathered together. You Tcinember the story. The ParthLans, and Uedes, and the dwellers in Mesopotamia, and half a page of Scripture giving an account of all the nationalities that were there repre sented. They all came in; and what a time to receive the Holy Ghost! Some went off to other distant cities and different nationalities, and they carried the blessing with them. Is it cot so hero now? From the four winds of heaven,' from tho savannahs of the south, from the tablelands of tbe west, from the forests ef Oregon, from the lumber districts of from the cities of this continent, from tho cities and villages of Great Britain! Some of you have been worshipping God in a Scotch kirk, and some in an English chapel. From all lands wc are gathered hero to* day. Oh what a timo for tbe coming of the Holy Ghost 1 Some of you arc hun dreds of miles away from your home, but the railwny train and the steamer could not come so fast but that troubles came up with you; and they are here now to chide you, and you waut comfort, you want sympathy, you want pardon, and you want life. May the God cf the stranger comfort you! may the God of the stranger protect you—save you! Oh! will it not be glorious if you get back to your distant home, and you can tell your friends that you met Christ in this assemblage, and your soul was saved? God grant it! Come, Holy Ghost! - , 4\. Bnt I carry out the analogy still further, and remurk that on the day of Pentecost the coming of the Spirit was sudden. And there arc those in this assemblage who feci His power now very suddenly. Although these people hare been praying for the corning of the Holy Ghost, when He did come they said, 11 What is it! What is thin tongue of fire? What this rushing of a mighty wind ?" And if the Holy Spirit with omnipotent power comes on our souls, how many surprised people there wguH be here! I remember my first religious awakening was after this wise: I was disheartened, and felt as if I could never preach again. I sought exchange with brothcr rainistfrs; they were all busy that day; I was compelled to preach. I was conscious after wards that I preached with more of the spirit of prayer ihan ever before, and before the service was over there was a great moving among the people, and tlic whole village was ahaken with the presence of God. We had an outpouring ot tno noiy unost suen as naa ucvor been seen iu that village church, ami that same day at the same altar I baptised whole families as they entered into the king dom of God. Bat, oh, how suddenly it came! How suddenly 1 5\. Carrying out still further the analogy, I want you to reeogniao the fact that the Holy Spirit came mightily then, as it come* now to all our hearts. It was not. a zephyr, it was a hurricane; it was a ru>hing, mighty wiud. In other words, thero was omnipotent power in it; and it the Holy Spirit comes here now, there is not one person sitting or i standing in all this assemblage that could resist its gracious influence. In Uxbridge, Massachusetts many years ago, a gambler sat playing cards with some dissipated asso ciates, and while sitting thero he dropped the cards and rushed out of the room; went home, and sought the prayers of his Christian wife. What changed his mind 1 What gave him the sudden impulse. It was the saving power of the Holy Ghost. There are here many backsliders. Fifteen years ago you consecrated yourself to God. During that time a whole generation bus passed into the eternal world. How uiauy were saved through your instrumentality ? As many as you can count on the fiugers of your right hand? Were there any? Oh, if the Holy •Spirit could descend again, and these back sliders would return to their God, they would cry out, " Lord, forgive me for ir»y wasted opportunities! Have mercy upon me, Lord: save mo just now!" Why, thou backslidden Christian, what is it to "be a Christian ? Is it to sit down in Holy Communion three or four thnea a year? No, it is when you have such an in tense earnestness for God that you feel a day i3 wasted in which j*ou have not brought a soul into the kingdom. .May God by His spirit impress you all! If the Holy Spirit should come down with great; power, thero would be a man who would go home aud gather his family around him, and be would say, u Wc have never had prayers in our houselet us pray now. Lord, forgive us that for so many ycara in this household we have never recognised Thee. Lord, help us!" And there would be someone who came in here merely to criticise, or to make sport of the service, and he would say, ** Lord, laid not expect to be saved; I did not como for that purpose, but give me Christ or I perish!*' And someone all absorbed in the frivolities and fashions would begin to think about his soul, erying out, " What ehall become of my immortal soul? My never-dying soul, what will becomo of it?" And some aged man will say, "I am seventy years of age now, and I havo never prayed, I have never uttered one earnest prayer iu all my life; is there not someone here who can prny for me? Oh, pray for me now ; I am on the brink of the eternal world." And the scene wonld be come more aud more stupendous, until on one side we would hear tho dying groan of the Son of God, and on the other sido wc would hear the blast of the archangel's trumpet that wakes tho dead, and the acclamation of nations saved, and the groaniug of empires lost. Ob, my friends, iB death so attractive, is life so tame, is heaven so dull, that you can afford to delay no longer? 