* Out of Sight. "I didn't see you at the masqnertri all, Jimpson." "No; I wenta aghost-. The BibliomantaC. •"TnYo hare a fine library; I s;pp?re you end a great deal?": " No, I lio':. it takes all my timd rmaing thei mney to pay !or thes'books."-Puck; The Spur. She: "You will have to work hard if youn. win lier." The Poet:" I'll hav6 to worn harder if I don't." ,PreparatoryDiscipline. No, I'1 not" merry. I think I11 be aemi a Siater of Charity. "'Youn don't' know what that means." "DI)on't 'If Haven't I sat up with you every night from eight'to one for three monthsb" * A Parislan Creation.," Mary had a little bounch Of silk with freathers onit; Her husband had tto f?cthe bill For a ffty-shillinm bonnet. , \-- Washingtlo Neews. Dldn't Escape. Inspector (at the penitentiary): "I an. derstand that measles broke out three days ago." Warder: "Yes hbut the gusrde caught them! " More Money In It. Mrs. Poeticus : "Isn't this bat a,poem, dear ?" Poeties (sadly, as he looks at the bill): "I wish I could write that kind. Striking a Balance Marie: " What on ei-th ars'yon wear ing your ealakin eoat in the boure f.n r w" Mland: "Well, Ned said bb couldn't afford to buy it for me, on aecoiit of thequanlity of coal we used. I've gt the coat, anid I'm economising on the e.oi,'A ? , MNo Danger.' Littloe ohinpsy-¼lMyat itch the dog to my sled andhavehimpullme?" Mother: 'I'm afraid he'll bite yon." Little Johnny : -It's the other end I am going to hitch."-Good News. At the Chemistry Exam. SWhich is the best known insulator P?" The Candidate (a young student, pale and thin, with a bilious complexion and a savage look about him) : "Poverty sir!" -La?? m nde Illfuslr. One Good Turn Deserves Another. Husband : "But I don't want to quit chewing tobacco." Wife: "I gave up my weeds for yeaou, and I think you may do the samefor me."--KatField's. Washiagton. Overthe Wire. He: "Is that yon, Miss Budd? Oh, all right. Eh-I ay, osalie. I--I can't wait. You know bow 1 love you; will you marry me?" She: "Y-yes. (A' pause.) Who areyou?" Needed It More "What are you doing around here?" saidthewoman toethe tramp who had got overthefence ust in'time to escape the bulldog. " Madam," he said, with dignity, '" I did intend to request somothin° toeat; but all I ask now is that, in the interests of humanity, you'll' feed that dog." l?ashinglon Btar. STheir Health Food. Passels (the druggist): " Hi, there I What's the row ?" Morton:(thoe boy): "Matter 'nough; here's a lady wants six pennorth of insect powder, quick, an' the cockroaches has e't it alL" In Change Unchanged. Old Bache: "I see that yoi ladies are still like the ancient Venus." Mrs., de Mode: "How so?" Old Bache "Inthe matter of fashions, you are still pleased pith the judgment of Paris." How He Got Out of it. Wife:;" George, I knows y4 will?ot iitet,but I will havre to get yto stop at Lacsy's and match this pieont goods." Husband (enthusiastically) : "Not likeit Why, the girl that waits on that counter is the most bewitching; sweetest little angel!-'-" A Bad Blunder. Magazine Ofiee-boy: "Oh, there's been an awful time up in the editorial room to-day." Business Manager: "Eb, what's the trouble?" Office-boy: "The janitor made a mistake andput the'No Admit tanco' sign at the ubscriptan office, and the ' Welcome' door-mat in front of the. editor's room." Something Useful. Mr. Suburb (on a cold day) ' "That back yard is one glare of ico, and I nearly brokemy neck. Who's been sing the hose .utthere ?" Mrs. Sbourb : " Little Georgie asked permission to wash the carriage, and as it was such an unusual thing for him to want to do anything useful, I told him he might." Mr. Suburb: "Humph! he wanted a toboggan slide." ; From Different Standpolnts. Ethel: "Oh,at last! Ithss beenyears, Alphonso, since I jaw you." Alphonso: "m Oh, my own Ethel, it has been centurie." Ethel's father (up in the library) . " Mag gie, whowas thntyoujust let in ? Mg gi : "It was Mr. C.mlots, air." Ethres father: "Great gun, this is the ninth" time he's been here this week. He might as well live here.", SNot the Same Chance for Mercy. aesuher: "Johnnie, do younthink if ynou had cut down your father's cherry-tree you would have told the ttihth about it? " Johnnie (slowly): "'lo, 1 don't believe I would." Teacher: "What! You would not tell a falsehood?" Johnnie: (apolo getically) : "Wel, ma'am,yer see, rdon't believe WVahington's father was just the same sort of fellow as mine." An Epitaph. Here lies the chronic office-aseeker, Michael T. Mciout, Who never sought a single place, Bntthat be was left out. 'Twas in the month of August last, The late-lamented died; o And now he's in the only place For which he ne'@sapplied. A NarrowEstidea? " BiAgo " ad quite as'shdent in my trai ao-dyy. I was just going to take out those sandwichea you put up'for me when, crash I we struck another trai" Mrs. Bingo (anxiously) : ." Was any one injured? " Bingo: "No. But those sand' wiches were telescoped." It Looked Suspiclous. " Charlie Harduppe had acheque to-day, but they would not cash it at the banl. They claimed they did not know him." "Didn't he have anything with which he could identify himself?" "o had twro or three hills made out in his name." "Wouldn't the teller accept thoee as iden. tification?" "Noa; they were receipted." Might Snall Chances. Maiden (whispering): ." Is that you, Gaorpe? " Serenader (who has been bioewmg Idre music forthe last half-hour): "bh l . Atlast;my darling, 'tis you! Yes; 'tin yourownieorge." Maiden (atilt whis 'ering); "WVell, George, waon't you go away? Charlie Bonds a in here and is about to propose. snd I'm afrnid poau music disconcerts him." An Irish Argument. Meriarty; " Andyaz ask four sbdline a loie for shlrswberries becaunso it's the mid1le av" wiother," do yez;" 'eler: ' That is just the reason." htrnar ty-" Sore ttey ought to be sinpenei a bo, noe." Dealer:" Why i" Moriarty :" Because they iare'notinsayaeo. Sere. isn'tfurnceeoral ehbyper in July? Arra, butit's a robber yet all are, and Ill bay r nshtreanerris tiL? Jane, so Iwoa't . I ,?_. 