New Sect in America. New York, S&t.; 1. Mountebanks appealing to the ere- ' dulity of the ignorant in the name of religion are always with us. This year the most successful and notorious of these is a man who calls himself the Rev. Prank W. Sandford, who has or ganised an association to which he has given the name of The Holy Ghost and i Us Society, and which has just held a session of eight days on a hill in the | state of Maine. Sandford appeared on ■ this hill three years ago, with a spade in. his hands, and began to dig, saying that he had been commanded by God to erect a temple there and revolu tionise the religions of the world. His zeal was infections, and those who ; came to scoff remained to assist. More than two hundred men from the ad jacent farming districts joined him in i the work without pay. Every day he prayed for money, and soon it began to roll in, for the deluded agricul- j turists sold their farms, and gave him the proceeds, and contributions came from others. One farmer sold all he had, except a herd of hogs. These he killed, and buried, because Sandford regarded them as unclean animals, and would not receive the value of them in cash. With the contributions of the last three years Sandford has erected a " Temple of Truth," consisting of four buildings, enclosing a court, and has expended more than 100,000 dol lars on them. At the beginning of the recent convention he remarked that 20,000dol. was needed. He prayed for that sura, and immediately afterwards exhibited the money, as serting that it had been sent to him from the Almighty. The society now has about 3000 members. Sandford baptised many newcomers during the convention, plunging them into the river, whilst his followers on the banks shouted, " Hallelujah In bis public addresses he predicts that England and America will soon unite to subdue the world with fire and sword. At the close of the convention be sailed for Eogland, promising to bring back a large sum of money. Probably he will return, for there is much more money to be drawn from the credulous for the support of bis projects. The society's property was left in charge of loyal as sistants, or confederates. Berlin is one of the most cosmopoli tan of European cities. Though it is the capital of Germany, only thirty seven per cent, of its inhabitants are Germans by" birth. 