The Storyteller. MIT OP AX. RING. . CHAPTER III. * •.- . » Lady Chacewater continued, 4 He has never forgotten her, and it is from her that he declares he has received a token ; something he gave her in those old days has come back to him by no mortal agency, as he declares.' . ' What was it ? ' I gasped, rather than spoke, for all that I had ever heard o£ my own mother and her history came into my mind while I listened, and made my heart beat so I could hardly speak* * A ring.' she replied ' an opal ring his parting gift to her. His name and hers are on the inside, and there is a spring which opens and shows a twisted bit of his hair under a glass.' 1 1 did not know of that,' I said, breathlessly. ' Lady Chacewater, the ring is mine. 1 ' Yours ! How did you come by it ?' ' It was my mothers.' I don't think she quite understood all that, my answer might mean, for she asked, hurriedly, without taking any notice of my words,— 1 Where did you lose it ? ' In the house here, last night. You asked me -what ailed me this morning ; I had an adventure in the night, that was'all.-' She listened breathlessly as I told her all that had happened to me. how I had left my ring downstairs, and had remembered it after I. had gone to bed, and had gone to fetch it to meet a ghost on the staircase, which must have taken it away from me and spirited it into the earl's room. She burst into tears of joy when I had finished. ' It was no ghost, my dear.' she said, ' it was the earl himself. We ought to have told you; Bertha wanted to, but I did not like the notion. When he is not well, and he 1MS not been very well lately, he sometimes gets up in his sleep. You did not see anything worse than him, V l ?ss Featherstone.' fast, and I shut myself up in my bed- ' oom to think what had happened. If tl story was true, and I was indr-:•.! dV." child of that deserted young -a-1w,.s he not my father? The idc-i \\\\-';s so overwhelming that I could hr.rdly grasp it, and I fell into a reve; ie that lasted till the countess's brought me a tray with my L-rc.ikfa.-;i. and a request from her lady that I would stay where I was till she came to me. It was only a few minutes before she appeared, smiling through her tears. ' You have been the best doctor, my dear,' she said. ' I think we can* do without either the clergyman or the physician. My lord is getting up and wants to see you.' Here is your ring, put it on.' i ' I slipped it on my finger and wen* with her to her dressing room, where she left me alone to receive her husband, who presently came to me, and taking ray hand, looked long and earnestly in my face. 1 Her ve.y features,' he said- Heaven grant I be not mistaken- My dear, I want to know everything you can tell me about yourself. Your name is not Featherstone ? ' No, my lord—Kavanagh.' ' And your mother ? ' ^ I told him everything I knew ; every word ! have -ever heard about her and her fate, and mentioned Mr Brandon's name, - 3 The nian 1 supplanted, 3 he said, with a grave smile.. ' The case lies in a nutshell if he understands it-, ijfy daughter, as I believe,: as I am sure, you have found your father a last/ * He drew me to him "and kissed mv-forehead, and then told -me how be had searched/for my mGiber only ~ " c "iat she wasdead, -and as was with <no-stigma-<0; sh:»me- .cd t< my birth, and such a pu>..i<m as ; inust have made my ..erce aunt turn in her grave, I should tlimit if she ; had known of it. It is all a long time ago "now, and I have beenknown and recognised by the world fur many a year as the daughter of the Earl of Chacewater, and the name on my mother's tombstone- in the old churchyaad, where we buried her in shame and sorrow, has been altered for her daughter's sake" and ' Hagar Curzon' is there, for everyone who * runs to read, and threre is a tablet to her memory iu the church at Drewhurst, and I am the happiest woman in the three i kingdoms, tor my husband, the Reverend Stanhope Graham, is the rector of the living, vice Dr. Hillford, renting under monumental marble in the churchyard, and I'fe is bright before all of us still, for my fathei. has grown young again, his wife declares, since his daughter went downstairs In the dark to find her opal ring. [THE END.] 