THE CONSISTORY. Interesting1 Details of the Ceremony. The holding- of the consistory at Rome has aroused no little interest, especially on account of the many re ports which have been circulated as to the health of the Pope. This great assembly will have deep significance in other directions. The word "consistory" simply means an assemblage of men called together for the consideration of public affairs, but it has assumed a special sense in the Catholic Church, the Sacred Con sistory being the solemn assembly of the Pope and the College of Cardinals, gathered together in the apostolic .palace as a senate. In former times the consistory was the court of judg ment for all affairs ecclesiastical, and met almost daily. But now only the most important business comes before the consistory, minor matters being decided by vari ous committees and congregations of Cardinals. The modern consistory may be either ordinary and secret, or solemn and public. The extraordin ary consistory is conducted with great pomp and ceremony. Princes and kings, or their ambassadors, are re ceived, the red hat is given to the lat est created cardinals, and legates re turned from foreign missions make their reports. These public consistories are cajled at the will of the Pope, and seldom take place more than once or twice a year. Occasionally a semi-public con sistory is held whenever a new saint is to be canonised. The real working consistories, the ordinary or secret, are usually held twice a month. The cardinals in Rome are notified of the day and hour of meeting, and go in regal state to the Papal Palace dressed in all of the robes of their office, the cappa magna, rochet and biretta. There they sit on wooden benches, waiting for the Pope. He soon comes, wearing cassock, rochet, mo zetta, and the pontifical biretsta. His seat is slightly elevated, and covered with a baldaehino. He listens pri vately to all of the matters connected ■with the state of the Church, whe ther presented by prelates, princes, or cardinals. After audience has been given to all who wish to address him, the doors of the place of meeting are closed, none but the cardinals being allowed to remain inside. The Pope lays mat ters of importance before them, ask ing their advice or votes on each sub ject. Decrees are framed and record ed by the Cardinal Vice-Chancellor, as secretary. It is in these consistories that the condition of the Church all over the world is discussed, and here the Pope points out errors of teaching or me thod which require correction, deli vering "allocutions," which are later published for the guidance of the bishops throughout the world. The cardinals play an important advisory part in all of these deliberations, pre senting the reports of the special com mittees which are intrusted with the investigation of the character of can didates for the bishoprics, and all such matters. But it is necessary to add that they are only advisers, and the Pope may do or say whatever he wishes notwithstanding their opposi tion. As a matter of fact he seldom uses this prerogative as supreme and infallible head of the Church. The creation of cardinals may ba cited as a case in point. This power is the greatest wielded by the Pope, for he could, if he so desired, entirely alter the character of the College of Cardinals by creating a large number of new ones. It is now a custom, al most as binding as law, that there should be not more than seventy car dinals in the College, and there are seldom that many. Of these, four teen are cardinal deacons, fifty are cardinal priests, and six are cardinal bishops. All of these have an equal right to vote, especially in the election of a Pope. At times the Pope creates some car dinals in a consistory without men tioning their names. These are called cardinals "in petto"—that is, "in the breast" of the Pope. This device was adopted when the Popes deemed some one worthy of the red biretta, but wished to postpone the announcement because those nominated were, at the time, engaged in some work or mis sion which the Pontiff did not wish to interruxjt. It has been rumored; for instance, that Mgr. MartinelU, the present -legate of the Pope to. the United States, has been named a car dinal in petto, because the Pope did pot wish to recall him just at present. The ceremony of - creating cardinals is hh interesting part of the proceed ing Of the consistories. After all «f the other business has been transacted at'the secret consistory, the Pope ad dresses the College of Cardinals, say ing, "You have brethren." Then the names of those whom he wishes to raise to the Cardinalate are mentioned and he asks, "What do you thinlc?" The cardinals assemble, remove their birettas, and bow their heads as a sign of assent. The decree is now drawn up, and at once published outside of the consis tory.' If the cardinals vjust appointed are in Rome at the time they go im mediately to the Apostolic. Palace, in their usual address, without any at tendants. One of the older cardinals presents them to the Pope, who gives them the red cap or biretta. If the new cardinal is absent from Rome, one of the Pope's attendants is immediate ly despatched with the red cap, upon the receipt of which the cardinal must promise on oath, under penalty of los ing the cardinalate, to go to Rome and visit the Pope within one year. All the cardinals are assembled in the Apostolic Palace, the Pope wearing his mitre. He orders the new car dinals to approach. They bow low and stand with uncovered head be fore the last cardinal priest. The Pope addresses them on the office and eminence of the cardinalate. The new cardinals approach and kiss the Pope's feet as they kneel before him. Then they raise and kiss his hand and last Ms mouth. Alter this they go an;l receive 'lie kiss of peace from the other cardinals. Then the Pope places the red hat n oon their heads, saying1:—"For the prnisa of Almighty God and the ornament- cf the Holy See receive the red hat, ail emblem of the singular dignity of the cardinalate, by which is signified that even to death and the shedding of blood, inclusively, for the exaltation of our holy faith, for the peace and quiet of Christian people, for the in crease and preservation of the lTolv Roman Church, you are to show your self intrepid, in the name of the Fa ther, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." In another consistory the mouths of the new cardinals are "closed" by the Pope, who forbids them to speak in consistories and other meetings until he has "opened" their mouths. Then in a third consistory, when the new cardinals are asked to withdraw, the Pope asks the other cardinals whether they think that the new cardinals should have their mouths opened, and all agreeing thereto, the new cardinals are recalled, and the Pope says:—"We open your mouths both in conference and councils, and in the election of the Soverign Pontiff, and in all acts whicli both in and out of the consistory per tain to cardinals. In the name of llie Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." And as the crowning ceremony, the ring is given and the title assigned to each new car dinal. "M. A. P." tells a queer story of an Anglican Archbishop and barmaids: — "The following comical incident took place on one occasion when Bishop Temple (as he was then) was presicf ing over the annual council of the Church of England Temperance So ciety. The business in hand was the concoction of the "report," into which certain matter supplied by some iady workers had to be dove-tailed. The ladies were, apparently, not gifted with a sense of humour, for their con tribution took this form: 'Duripg the past year much attention has been paid to barmaids.' This dubious way of putting it produced loud laughter from those present, who were, 1 may mention, all men. But the next sen tence was worse still. 'In many cases this has led to their being visited in their own homes.' This was too much for the audience, who literally roared. When the hilarity had subsided a gentleman arose — a layman — and blandly asked who it was who had paid attention to the barmaids—was it Dr. Temple? The Bishop smiled grimly and said, 'We will pass on to the next paragraph.' But the picture of the aus tere doctor 'paying attention to bar maids' was so droll that it was some time before the couneil could settle to serious business." 