GENTLEMAN JACK'S LATE REPENTANCE. SittiDg in a tavern on the old village turn piko wero throp racu. Thoy bad been driven from city to oity became of their mlBdecds iitd fcennrnl bad character. ??? Two were heavy-looking, beetle-browed ruffians, with tbe surly, furtive expression wbioh comos of long residence iu eouviut prisons ; the third man, much younger than bt« companions, was of a different sramp, oioro n lined and intellectual, though bis race also boro tho impress of evil passions aad riot6uH living. ,' I've been done afore,' one sullen rascal was saying, between puffs at n short clay pipe, ' and I ain't goin' to be done sgain '— puff— ' if 1 knows it. I've marked the crib '- puff — ' it's all serana. But there's a lot of work — puff— an'aloto'stuH. I couldn't carry a quarter of it, or I'd do the jub myself. I must have pals. Are you gume- ?' ' Uamo enough. Spotter.' answered tbo youngest of tho three, whoso voice in com parison nith the first speaker1! had quite a cultured ring, despite the slang, ' but it is playing loir down on Dare and mo to keep us in.iuo aaric. wuere is the crib r ' Not far distant. I'll say no. more.' And Spotter closed his mouth with a resolute snap that forbado further questioning. 'You'd belter stow yor gab, Gt-ntleman Jack,' interposed tho third, whose closely cropped hair and stubbly chin indicated a recent discharge, from ouo of tbe prisons. ' Wbeu Spotter says if* all serene it's good enough foruiejan'if you'dwonted a proper meal as long as I 'ave, it'd bo good enough for you.' Ueutleman Jaok shivered, doubtless at tome personal reminiscence. ' That's all right, Dave,' ho said; M bat when I'm going to risk auuther pinch I want to know something absut the job. I suppose Spotter is afraid wo might forestall bim F' ' Dunnn about forestall,' growled Spotter, 'If you mean slip iu first, that's just what. I am afraid of. I've a safe thing. Dou't both speak atonce.butl want ter know if you're on?' ' Yes,' said Ueatlomau Jack. ' Oh, aye,' Dave answered. ' It's good enough for anybody, bar a bloomia' ediot, if you »ay «o.' ??Thi u meet me at the old mill, at 12 sharp.' ' What about tbe tools ?' asked Dave. ' They're planted. D'ye think I'm such a wuik carpenter, I am, goiu' ter start ou a job first thing in the rnornin'. Tbe tools ain't far from the job, you bet.' Dave laughed, emptied his glass aad went out. Gentleman Jack wititeil a few moments, smokiug in silence, then followed. Wheu both had had time . to clear away, Spotter also departed from the bar-room. Professional burglars do not leave much to chauce. Spotter, otherwise known as hicuard Savage, was leadrr of the ga»g. His sobiiquethe dirived from his occupation, obicb was 'spotting' likely houses, making the necis sury inquiries. ' balmiog,' that is, suborning, ths servants— m short, plansiug burglaries Dave Cruddock was also an old hand, recently reUased from Blackwell's Island. Of Gentle man Jack, eten his confederates knew very little, nbich would pi rhups account forSpotter's cautious reticence. They were aware that he had been a ' penman,' or rorger. because he bal bten sentenjed to a term of penal servitude fur I hat ofleuce, but uot one of the gang, which comprised about a dozen expert crucUsmen, was acqu-.iuted with bis real name. Nor will it be divulged here. At tho hour appointed the three met at tbe old mill, each coming from aJifferent direction. A more suitable night for their evil enk-rpriio could uot have been chosen There was nu moon, not u star visible, and the darkness could almost be felt. Spoiler at once started off in tho . direction of asubutbiu town. Guided by hia footsteps, (ionttcman Jeck and Date follower) at a safe distance;. After a time Spotter left tho road anil visited a shed in a field. When be rt-joiued hi) companions he carried a car penter's satchel over bis shoulder. Half an hour's walk brought them to a large house standing in its own grounds near a pslk. The building, however, was quite, invisible ; no light showed in any of tbe windows. But Sputter halted cutsiile tbo gate, 'The crib's thine,' be muttered, pointing^ in the direction of the house. ' We've only , got a widdtr an' her daughter to deal witb, an' j three servants as sleeps in the atlic. But we i sba'n't disturb nobody, if we've decent luck.' ?' Any doga ?' asked Dave. ' ' There was,'° Spotter replied, under bil . breath. ' I reckon they're buried in the garden , by iioir,' and lip chuckled ai ho tLought of tho cruel deed which had robbed the widow of her faithful guardians. Iboy entered the drire, treading softly on the loose grnvel. Suddenly Gentleman Jack came to a »Uud. ' Spotter,' be whsipered, ' what's the 'BIwMd if I know,' was the reply; 'I never asked.' ' What's the uamo of the house t' 11 Do you know what road it's in T* ' Old Boston road, I reckon ; but what1! the odds ?' Gentleman Jack asked no more questious,but himself : ' Lucy suid they wero poiug to live in tbe uvtnue, so it's all right.' They were now at Ihe haok of the building. Spotter pointed down the gardeu. ' If we've to cut and run,' he whispered, ' clear off that way.' Turning on a bull's eye lantoru. he allowed a momentary gleam to rest on a winduw uear his elbow. It revealed a close array ot bars. ' Every blessed winder in reach is the same,' he went on. ' That's why I didn't take on the job single-handed. We've got to ttlo 'em through.' Their woll- greased Hies made scarcely any sound. In less than half an huur the protecting bars were cut through and removed. With a broad-bladed putty knife, Spotter then pushed back the window-catch, and lifted tho sash. All took off their boots nnd entered tho n om, a kitchen. Dave closed the window cautiously, and tbe three crept along thu hall to another large room on tho ground floor, nhere Spotttr first modu sure that tho blinds were closely drawn, then lit the g;ix, une burner, which be turned verv low. Tho dim light enabled them to perceive that tbe walls weru covered with paintings, but tho glitter of ccllurcttea and silver uniaiubntx attracted them to a sideboard, and nothing clt» had any interest. \ ' The diuiu'-room,' whispered Spotter, vvl.c i had uot ' balmed ' tbe servants for nothing. | 'There's a sight more iu that piioj o' fur- niihtr than we can curry away.' ' Let's get at it, then,' said Dave. Gentleman Jnck picked tbe lock in a twink ling. The plate wus taken out nnd tied up iu handkerchiefs ready for removal. This done, Dave fetuheJ a collarette and glasses Irom the ! sideboard. j ' 1 reckon wu've earned a drink,' he mut- ! tered, grinning. ' Hold 'ard a bit,' Spotter rejoined. ' It's about time tbe copper pnsse-J. I know his boat. Wheu he's gone, we'll take it easy fur 'alf nu hour afore clearing out.' ' He turned the light still loner and listened , at the window. It was unneccisary. The policeman's tramp cpuld bo llesrd 300 yards away. When bis footsteps wero no longer audible Spotter turned up the light and lit another burner. ' We're all serono now,' ho said. *? Qeutlo mon, see if you can Qud a box of oigars about.' Gentleman Jack approaohed the sideboard, over which hung a large portrait of an officer in cavalry uniform, now plainly visible in the strong gaslight. As bis gaze rested upou it bis jaw dropped ; hs staggered buck, still with his eyes fixed ou the pioture. tVn exclamation burst from his lips Then, pulling himself to gether, be walked slowly round the room, stoadftstly regarding every portrait on the wall;, while Spotter aud Dave watohod'bim in amazement. The tour ended, Gontloman Jack confronted his fellow burglars. Hia lips moved, but hs seemed uuable to speak. ???What's up. Matey ?'' asked SpoUor. 'You look as if you'd teen a 'ghost.' ' 1 have,' said Uoatleman Jack, with an euorc. ? opuiier — uave — we got 10 put an cue (hiugs back aad get uway.' ' He's gflno balmy on the crumpet,' mat tered Dave, nodding at Spotter. ' I'll see bim ? .' Spotter's blasphemous expression need not he repeated. ' He must 'ave goue dotty,' he added. 'No— no,' said Gentleman Jnck, 'my hoad's all right. I'ut tho things back nnd como away, for heaven's sako I '' ' 1 alias thought the gentleman was a bit queer in tho nut,' said Dave, nodding at Spotter again. '? Now 1 know, it.' ' What's up with you, man t '' tried Spotter, a gooil deal louder than was prudent. ' Just thid,' replied Ueutleman Jaok. 'That picture,' pointiug to the drawiug over the side board, ?? is the portrait of- my father. He's dead ; I killed him. This is my mother's home ; I can't rub it.' Dave whistled. Spotter laughed incredu lously. ' Who d'yer reckon'* goiu' . to believe that tale?' he muttered. ' You'd five years for writing a name as wasn't yer own on a kit o' paper— a matter o' seventy nouudt, I've heer'ed. Gam 1 If your folks had lived in a house like this, they'd have got you off somehow.' ?? Only the governor knew,' rejoined Gen tleman Jack, ' and tLe case had gone too far. I didn't waot to disgrace them. I've loon an awful scoundrel 1 broko tbe governor's heart, and well nigh the mater's, taougu sue noesnc leuow that I'vo done time. Yes, I've beeu an awful scoundrel,' he repeated, ' but 1 haven't sunk so low as to rob my own mother, or see anybody else do it.' '? Then you'd better jolly well shut yer peepers, 'rKurned Spotter, as bescizctl a bundle of the rlate. '^Pick up some of the stuff, Dave, an' comeraloug, ' bo added, as he made for the door. But Gentlemau Jack reached it first. ' You'll have to settle me before you take that,' he said. ' Put it down, or I shall rouse tho house.' ' You will, will you ?' cried Spotter, iu sud den fury. And snatching a .revolver from his hip-pocket he covered his late confedtrute. ' Kow, you just »ing small, ray lino bird, or I'll precious soon drill a bole througb yi u !' The door bebiod Gentleman Jack opened. He turned, but instantly faced about, bungiug his head. In the d*orway stood a younj girl, clad iu a dressing-gown, glancing from onu to austher of the threo men with frightened eyes. ' What are you doing belt ?' she demanded.' And Iheu she law the bundles of plate. ' Burglars .'' she suddenly cried. ' Jauc Andrew !' Spotter sprang upou her. With one great bouy hand he clutched her while throat, with the. other ho pressed tbe muzzle of his revolver u-an.st her foiehea.l. '? Shout again,' ho hisaed, ' and I'll blow your bruins out ! Dave, bring a cloth, or sum mat, an' sag her !' I But the girl possessed both strength and | courage By a violent effort she fr.ed herself j aud rushed into tbe hull, with Spotter after her f'he ruliiau caught her by the hair, which hung loosely to her waist, aud dragged her back. Gentleman Jack's face turnod of a ghastly hue i-lis breath came in quick, sbort gasps. His lists were- tightly cleuched. ' God help me I' he oried, suddenly. ' I can't stand this !'' and with all bis force he j struck Sputter between tho eyes. I Tho ruffian let go the girl's hair and stag gered serous the room, but recovered himself la au iustaut. There was a torrent of oaths, a flnsh, a crack, and Gentlemau Jack flung up his arms aud fell heavily on the carpet When the terrified servants rushed into tbe room Spotter and Dave had disappei red. The plunder lay where they had left it iu their bur- | rind' Uight. Beuding over Gentlemau Jack's motionless form was tbeir young mistress, sob bing hysterically and wringiug her hr.uds. ' It's Claude I' she cried, between her subs. ' Claude, my poor brother, come back at lnBt— come here to save my life' I He's dead !— the burglars have killed him. Don't let bis mother know I' aud she fell fainting across his body. Qentlenan Jaok was dead— shot through the heart. His atonement came too late. Let us hope it was sufficient to wipe out his record of crime. The murder caused a grent sensation. Gentle man Jack'a body was recognised as that of an ex- convict, but the police kept thoir own coun- I sol. The victim's mother and sister never knew the truth. It was unnecessary to tell them, as j it turned out, for Spotter escaped trial for that i crime. He w»s killed in a druukeu brawl at the very time that the detectives were seeking him. Soou afterwards Dare was arrestrd for auotber offeuce aud sent back to prison. As the mention of Gentleman Jack's real name would oadv cause pain to innooent people it is withheld. 