TOLD BY A LIGHTHOUSE ASSISTANT. «• My man, do you mot a berth ?" said be. " Aypj aye, capped/' said I. " I want one badly. I'm half-starved and half-frozen." He made no answer, bat just a sign to follow him, and he stalked away and I pegged after him. Be kept dose along the shore as we walked, and for a while he said nothing. At last, however, he turned and pointed seaward. " Yon see that i"' s*id he. He indicated a lighthouse on a lonely rock. •• I'm toe keeper," said he. " I want you to cosk my meals and keep my bachelor's hall for me. Now and then I shall want you to row in Ind buy provisions. The work won't be bard, a think the pay will suit. you. Do you know whj I chose you P " " No, cappen," said I. " Decease I saw that hope was at an end witb you," be said. " It's only a man who had come to that who could live with me in a lighthouse." 1 4 1 was on a drsett i-)and once," said I. Afier tint I rtian t be afraid of a lighthouse I'd beto ill m lighthouse before ; it wvs no new tiling to me bat after I'd been there a few hours 1 woudi red what my master hired me for. It was llko bring pensioned off; there was nothing to do. But, mark ye, when it came night, and the wind began to moau about the lighthouse, and the lamps weie lit and all outside was black as pitch, and all the sound we heard was tbe swash, swasb, swash of the waves, my master mixed some grog and called me to sit along with him. That looked sociable, but I can't sav he did. He sat glowering over bis glass Tor a while, and opening bis mouth as if to speak, and shutting it again. Then said he : *• What's your name?" "Ben Dare,"said I. "Would you mind calling yourself Brace?" he asked. " I've no reason to be ashamed of my name, atid I. Look here," said be, " I am a gentleman born and bred. I never came to earning my bread before. I'm ashamed of it. This is what I mean. If my strangers come out here to ask for William Br cf, why, you can say you are the man. You cfcrim lo be lighthouse-keeper. It's easy. I don't suppose much company will call, but I rhOose not to see them, if they do. That's what I hired you for." ••Oh," said I. " You see," said he, " I got this place through • irh man wko bad influence. Those who gave it to me r.evt r saw me If I die some day,why, brre you are in the place. If I go off. and I uiny, here you are still until then. I'll piy you well, and <00 know your duties." I Well, it's shamming.'* said I, " but, after all, what dons one care what my nuue is, and hat shall I call you ?" " Call me nothing," said he. " Call me Captain. as you did when I met you, but never speak of me to any one." Gentleman or no. he wasn't lazy. Be didn't care how be «orke<i. The lamps w< re as bright as jewels. Thi re wasn't a speck of dirt in the who'.e lower But let any boat come nigh us, away he went and bid himself, and came out with a white, scared face and a sinking hand. At night he was afrntd to go up to the lamps alone, and he'd |i<ok over his shoulder and turn white as we stood together At last be took a uew turn. He stood staring for awhile. Then he spoke to me in a lw voice : ' Brace, do you believe in ghosts ?" I I havn't considered the question," I answered. 1 Well," said h», s> ftlier than before, "look into that corner," and Ire pointed. I looked. " Don't you sec anything ?" he asked. " No,"' said I; •' no, Cappen." "Ah," he muttered, "very well, very well. I'm glad you don't." But that wasn't nothing to what happened tlie very next night. We sli-pt in two bunks nigh cacti otb> r, and naturally when he woke up with a y<-ll I woke, too. He was shrieking and shaking and wringing his bands. ' The woman! the woniao! " he said. " She stood 1 cr jast now, all red with blood. It drip ped down the wMte-ruffloe. It dripped on her Lam's. tS tup her: stop her ! She has gone to call th<m. Stop her! stop her!" "WLerediJAcgo?' I asked. He state 1 at me with his wide open (yes, all the white showing, below aud above. " She couldn't have been here," said he. " It was a dream." " I.ord love you—a nightmare," said I. So ire went as'eep again. But I heard of the woman so often after that that I grew used to her. The Cnpp<n, as I cailed him, got to be worsn »nd worse every day. I wanted to go ashoie and fetch the doctor, but be would not hear of it He raved if I tried to leave him. At last there came a hot, hot night ia June. It was bi'.mitig hot all day. and a drad calm at night. Ab.-ut dark the Cappen went to sleep, »x:d I went aud sat whtre 1 could see the water and the lights ashore. It was so clear that I could hear the sailors in a Spanish ship moored uot far away singii'g in their f« reign lingo. And I was sort c-f quirt "and ditaniy like, when som< thing happened that waked me mighty wide ami jurl.len. Something was •tanking on ti:«- st< ps I-clow me, soiai thing came toward me. It was a little plewlrr ligare, with loi'g hair all about its shoulders. I couldn't ste its face. I i!oi."t think I really taw it plainly at all. But it went past me softly while I looked, and I knew it was a woman in a white rufflrd gown, and that she had gone to the room where niv ir.aster lay. I shook too bard for a moment to more ; but as «oon as I couM I started up to go to tiim. Just then a voice cried ; " Lighthouse, ahoy!'' I an?wend, "Aye, nyc,'" and stopped a bit Duty firkt of all things with a sailor. A host lay at the foot of the steps, and four men jumped out of it. *' We want William Brace, keeper of thi lighthouse," said one, a b'g man in a linen over coat, " I'm one that answers to the name," says I He swmi * a lar.t*-rn over my head. " Search the place, my men,"' said he. Therr wa* no ose saying anything, but I did try to stop them. " I've got 1 sick friend aloft," says I. Don't disturb him. I'm afraid the woman will sfcecr him anyhow, he's so low." «' What woman ? " s id he. " The one that came aboird with you, sij, said I. " No woman came with us," he snarled. "Stand aside. Men, do your duty." They went ursttirs. I followed. I saw tht-m walk into the Cappen's room. I hear them c<y out and stand still. When I got l the door tin y stood iu a row looking down on the bed. 1 looked, too. Han nor woma couldn't frighten the Cappen more. He wa dead. "What had be done ?" I asked the officer. " Killrd his wife," said he, "'that's all. N doubt sic di served it; but it's not allowed b law when they do." " God help him,*' said I. UP TO DATE YOUNG WOMEN. One of the characters in Mr. George Giseing pew novel, " In tile Year of Jubilee," expresse himself very strongly about up-to-date youn men and women. " When you are 10 year elder," he says, " you'll know a good deal mor about young women as they're turned out i these tinv. s. You'll have beard Ihe talk of me 'wbo hare been fools enough to marry choic «pecimtna. When common sense has a chanc Of g. tting in a word with you, you'll understan what I now tell you. Wherever you look nowa days there's sham und rottenness ; but the mos "worthless creature living is one of these trashy (lathy giils—the kind of girl you see every where, high and low - calling themselve 'ladies'—thinking themselves too good for an nooesr, womanly work. Town and country it's all the same. They're educated ; oh yes they're educated ! What sort of wives do Ihe make with Iheir education ? Whit sort o mothers are tb«y ? Before long there'll be n «uch thing as a home. They don't know wha (be word means. They'd like to live in h. tels and trollop about the streets day and nigh There won't be any servants much longe yon're lucky if you find one of the old fort, wh knows how to li- liL a fire or wash a dish. G into tile houses of men with small incomes what do you find but filth and disorde quarrelling and misery ? Young men are ba enough, 1 know that; they want to begin wher thrir fath- rs 1< ft off, and if they can't do hrneitly, they'll emb. xsle or forge. But you' often find thegu's a worlhhss wife at th bottom of it—worrying and nagging becaus she has a smaller house than other women because she can't get silks aud furs, and wan to rid. iu s cab instead of an omnibus. It •stoi.nriing to mo that- thry don't get the neeks wrung. Only wait a bit; we shall com to that presently " . Some pruning operations in connection wit flu. famous Hampton vim have now been finis ed. It is more than 160 yctM old, and nearl •s many feet in length : its stem is 32 inches i circumference. In a good aeasoc it will yiel more than 2,000 bunches of line grape*, weigh ing, on an average, 17 ounce* each bunch, or tatttnfaol«.uii^mtn, Ttaijr ara of th im* M«k Huibtw kind. )be German name for tramcar ls " Pierd •trassenei msobahnwagwi." It look formidable botao wtmld the English equivalent if writte ip one word in the Germau style, " Hope rpao^ailwaycarruge." c. B. S NEATH- CARPENTER, ' JOINER, UNDERTAKER, AND 