THE KINGSTON MINISTRY EDUCATION QUESTION. TO THE EDITOR. Sib—I wasinvifed by the Christian Bro thers to the distribution of prizeB made by the Hon.. Minister of Eduoationat the re quest o^theAigj^bishoj). The«Honr-Minis ter of 'Educ4ti<mgave" a short address, in whioh>be<-aaid "that- hoys attending the State Schools wd .obtauting scholarships ■could, during the term of the said scholar ships, go to any college, even the Christian Brothers". ' The Hon. Minister thought he was saying n good thing, and conferring a great boon on the Christian Brothers, for which perhaps he expected applause ; but thanks to the good sense of .the audience the statement &as; received with dead silence. The scholarships given only to 'boys attending State schools are bribes* to induce Catholic boys to enter them. They are really no advantage to' Catholics, be cause very few. Catholic boyB enter the State schools, and fewer stallor none con tinue in them'to compete for scholarships. .How worthless, therefore, was the state ment made by the Hon. Minister of Educa tion. How, inasmuch as the scholarships are paid from the general revenue, they should be open to all boys, no matter what school they attend, Is the hon'.'Minister afraid of competition P. Is he afraid to put to the test of examination the education given in private schools and that given in the State schools ? If he be not afraid, let him invite boys attending private schools to compete for them. I saw at the distribution of prizes some members of the Labor party, who scent and follow up the petty grievances of indi viduals, but not one of them had the manli ness during the present Parliament to bring forward this grievance, this injustice done to aconsiderable portion of the colo nists of South Australia. The Labor mem bers are not the friends of their fellow Catholic workmen in the matter of educa tion ; if tbey were they would long ago have insisted that scholarships paid from the public revenue should be open to boys attending Catholic , and private schools. Isay, in conclusion, that the scholarships given ?.pnly to boys attending the State schools are bribes to induce Catholic boys to enter them, and that the Labor mem bers have failed in their duty in permitting this injustice to their fellow-Catholic work men and to all who send their boyis - to private schools. I am, Sir, &c.;, A Visitor at Di8Tbibution op Peizfs. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—It will not be the fault of either Mr. St&er; or Mr. Sabine if the capitation grant is not a burning question at the next general election; likewise if the Kingston Government does not go out of power and M,r. L. O'Loughlin retire into private life. I would respectfully call the attention: of the Catholics of South .Australia, and the electors of Frome in particular, to beware lest they might lose men like Mr. O'Lough lin. Should they do bo, I think the capita tion grant would be dearly bought, and they would pay too much for their whistle. Well, Mr. Editor, supposing -the capitation grant became law, what benefit would it be to the average Catholic F In a scattered population like ours it iB a hard matter very often even now to get children enough to open a provisional school, and if the capitation grant became law I presume every person would have the right to open a school of their own, which would not be good either for the children or the teacher, as the teacher would no doubt only get a starvation wage and teach the same. If Catholic parents only do their duty to their children to teach them their religious duties at their father or mother's knee, ■ there need not be so much talk about the capitation grant, which some politicians keep in stock to be brought out each elec tion to gull Catholic voters. I am quite sure, there are many candidates who say certainly Catholibs should get a grant for their schools, knowing quitewqll the great majority are against, it^ and ' those same candidates would be against it if they thought it was ever likely to become law. I am, Sir, &c.;, WEST COAST. January 14,1899. — TO fM 1DITOH;—- ■■ the remarks of His Crace_ the Archbishop, the able and exhaustive letter of Dr. Byrne, andydiir exoellent Article on the Vacation question, sndl am very glad to see throogh yojxr correspondence ecjumntbat . Catholiosbave at last awakened Irpip their long una silent sleepV' "JJutsir,! do not ' agfee' that 'the " dfi^vantajgeB that ' we labor odder: are due to the Dabor party, beoaUBe the present system of education \- waslaw.long before that.party• came, itt;to power; neither do 1 think that the-King ston Ministry, or the .Catholic. members of .that body, are responsible in any way for them. The Parliament is responsible, and that is due principally to the apathy of the Catholic party. Everyone must know that even if the Kingston Ministry made the capitation grant a test question 'to-morrow, there is not a-ghost of a show of carrying it. Why? Because the Catholics have not strength enough, or unity enough, at pre sent. xu my mutu <juraoucB, in wmrnuu wii/ii the great majority of South Australians, are under deep obligations to the Kingston Government for the many liberal laws that they have placed upon the Sta tute books, and for the very many more they would have carried had not the "Houseof fossilised ideas" prevented them. Ab to the Catholic mem bers of the Ministry, I think that they are a credit to us. Have weever heard a whis per as to their honesty of purpose ? Are they not good citizens leading blameless lives? Have not both of them records that any politician might be proud of ? Take the Commissioner of Crown LandB; why if he did nothing else but introduce and pilot through successfully the Pastoral Bill, he would have rendered a never-to-be forgotten service to his country. Take the Chief- Secretary; did he not bring the Hos pital trouble to a successful issue, besides carrying out the duties of hiB high office, as they should be carried out. Take the Premier, Mr. Kingston; has a Catholic ever appealed to him'for justice in vain? Has he not time after time been their friend and champion ? Of course he has, and for the matter of that, what other man but C. C. Kingston would have been game enough to take two Catholics into a Ministry ? No, sir, the Labor party are not to blame, the Ministry are not to blame, but the Catholics are, and the disadvantages they are laboring under at present are due to their want of unity and energy; and the result is that the children of poor parents attending our schools are not receiving nearly the same education as children attending the State,; schools. Why? Not because our schools are in competent, but because the majority of our people are tOo poor to pay the necessary fees. I know, of course, that the good siBters and brothers are only too anxious to teach these children for nothing, but people don't like charity, and there is no reason why they should. The Archbishop in his addresB says " that the work done was not being done without considerable expense. That expense they bore and bore cheerfully." Let me say, sir, that it is not borne cheerfully, that the greatest discontent exists among Catholic parents at the present state of affairs, which is grossly unfair to themselves and children, and unless something is done, and done quickly, the coming generation of Catholics will be far-behind their fellows in all edu cational attainments. Dr. Byrne says " that we should agitate for the undoing of the wrongs wrought by the Education Act, and in the next place for recognition on the part of the State of the value of the secular education imparted to children in Catholic ana other schools." Well, sir, in reference to the wrongs wrought by the present Act, lam of opinion that we can do nothing to stop free educa tion, and I don't see why we should try. To my mind the 'first duty of a State is to Bee that every man, woman and child is educated, and if others choose to take advantage of the State schools, that is no business of ours. With the second part I am heart and soul with him. Let a pro posal be made that we will place our schools under Government supervision on the con dition that we are reimbursed for helping the State to carry out its most important duty, and we have a fair claim that every fair-minded citizen will help us to attain; but do not let us jeopardise our position by attacking a system that the majority of the people approve and make good use of. Neither let the Catholics at the coming elections be hoodwinked by cunning candi dates who make the Capitation Grant the means of getting into Parliament, and when there resist every proposal for the good of the people. I have in my inind a certain politician who always at the last session brings this question : before the House, and makes it the means of hood winking many Catholics who believe not in his politics. Hoping that good will come of this cor respondence, ......... ? I am, Sir, &c.;, E. J. CAVANAGH. Norwood, January 18,1899. Professor Wilson, a leading light.' of Edinburgh University, recently wrrnte on the blackboard in his laboratory: "Profee sor Wilson informs h|§ etudenfsthat he has thia day* been appointed ;honorary physician to the Queen." In the course of ' tbemorninghebad occasion to'lejare the rObro, and On.returniag!fduhd tint' .astu dent hadaddedto the announcement the jrordB " God Save the Queen." ■ : > 