m T T n — . , r , n r , n m THE 1DAY / 1 1 1 OF REST l AlUkJi., PEACEMAKERS. By II. ARNOLD. 51.A., of Bristol. Blessed arc tlic peacemakers, for they shall be called soils ot God.—Halt. v. 9. 1 propose to speak to you for a little time this morning ou the subject of Peace, li apply, there are many? peacemakers—that is to say, there are many forces which tend to the maintenance of peace and to tue prevention of war. Our sense of self-interest may be described as a peacemaker. Mrti aud nations understand quite well that war does not pay in a commcrcial sense, that it is a most unprofitable thing to go to war. That was brought home to |us in a remarkable way about three years iago, when President Cleveland's message was published. You will remember what an effect that message had upon the niaikets, especially upon the American niar- |kets. Men came to see that, whatever the issue of a war with this country might be, war would in any ease lead to commercial catastrophes: and, though I do not doubt for one moment that there were many nobier motives and considerations whicii tended to the preservation of peace between these two great countries, yet I thins a souse of self-interest in that respect did count for something. Perhaps it does not often count for a great deal. It has been said, and possibly with some truth, that no nation ever refused to go to war foi want of money; and we remember that all the hopes and dreams of fifty years ago— that a sense of common commercial interest might bring and keep all the nations together in concord—did not come to verymuch. Still, it counts for something. And Fear also.is often a peacemaker— fear of being hopelessly defeated, fear that one is not strong enough to meet one's opponents. "What King,"' said Jesus, "going to war wifli another King, does not first sit down and ask whether he is able witn ten thousand to meet him that cometk against him with twenty thousand?" I suppose there are nations in Europe at the present time who would be willing to declare war to-morrow if it were not for the fear of the certainty that they would be hopelessly defeated. I suppose Spain, for instance, would not hesitate to declare war again upon America if she thought that she would recover what she has lost. But she is afraid, not in an unworthy sense, but, still, afraid of a second encounter. And, although one hardly likes to say so, yet if we may judge by what appears In some of the French prints, one might almost conclude that even our. neighbour France would be willing to go to war if she had not the conviction that she was not strong enough at' the present time to fight successfully against her neighbours. The fear of what_ may happen tends to keep the peace. No doubt in Europe, now generally the fear of the tremendous and awful veonsequences of a great European conflagration is helping to keep us out of war. And then trouble is a peacemaker— trouble in the sense of danger. There is never perhaps so much peace within the Church as iu times of persecution. Those who have differences are drawn together when there is pressure put upon the Church from without; one has ssen that again and again, and it applies to countries, to nations," as well as to. Churches. We have all sorts of differences in our country. But I imagine nobody doubts that if there were any serious fear of foreign invasion, if it were known that a fleet were being fitted out, or if the ships approaching the shores, as once foreign ships did, that in that case we should all be rushing into one another's arms. The sound of controversy would cease: the heart of England would beat as the heart of one man if our liomts, and our liberties, and our verv life as a nation were threatened. We should all be drawn together, and wc should be one great family for a time. Danger would weld us into one; and I am not sure that it is not true to some extent that our Churches are being drawn together in the remarkable way in which they are being drawn'together partly from the sense of danger. There is a feeling amongst us that spiritual religion in this country and our religious freedoms are being somewhat threatened, and I think in some measure — though this does not altogether explain what is' happening—it is explained bv this feeling, of the danger to which wc and the Christian religion, as we understand it, are -exposed at the present hour. Besides this, we know in our human life and among our own friends how sorrow often helps to reconcile. Death lays his band upon us with-a hea vy touch. Many a time hands have been shaken across a grave that have not been shaken in goodwill for a Ions time; 'JTwas throupli itn land it eve we went, And plucked tjiir ripened cars. Wt fell out, my wife and L Wc tell out, I know nor why. , And kissed again witli tears. ] But when wc came where lay the child, We lost in other year;. And there beiide the little grave— O: there beside tbe little grave— We kissed again with tears. Ihere is a beautiful human touch in that; and we may thank God for our sorrows and sometimes for these bitter ber reavements if they have the effect, as they often do, of bringing the members of a household into closer and more sacred fellowship. And, of course, Love is the great peacemaker. Love,, indeed, does not always make peace or keep the peace. Nothing is more sad than to e;e how sometimes when people do love one another most truly and tenderly at heart, they are • kept asunder by pride, which, of all things in this world, one sometimes almost thinks, is the most foolish, and the most obstinate, i and the most cruel. Love is stronger than death; pride sometimes seems to be stronger than Jove. And yet love is a great peacemaker, and whtn there are differences and disagreements and trouble and confusion, love will very often find out the way to heal the breach. ' i But, of course, all these peacemakers are only impersonal." When Christ says, •'Blessed arc the peacemakers" He is not thinking of impersonal forces, but He is thinking of men and women, those kindly, gentle, affectionate men and women who cannot bear to see people quarrelling, who do not like tbe sound of strife, and who are ever making it their business to make the crooked places straight, and the rough places smooth, i hese are the peacemakers, and our Lord says, pronouncing His benediction upon them, "'Blessed are the pEaremakcrs." He does not say that you will be sure of having a pleasant time ; if you make it your business to be a peacemaker. He says, "Blessed are the peacemakers." ,-uid bow blessed! "For they shall be called the sons of God." And if I may be callcd a son of God, although I may bave u great deal to put up with, although I xn?.y get little thanks from the world, y<-t I consider that I am" to be counted as Messed; for surely it is a most blessed thing for any man to earn that description—to be called a son cf God. And it is a just and reasonable description to apply to penceinaktrs, for remember that He who was in a pre- eminent and unique sense the' Son of God was the great Peacemaker, aud came and preached to you that were afar '.fi and tothemthatwerenigh. Heisour peace. He lias called us all into a common brotherhood. He is the great Reconciler, the great Preacher and Maker of Peace! Jesus Christ is the Elder Brother, the Son who brings all the members of God's family together; and those who will be, as He was; peacemaker, they also shall be called sons. They are binding together, in members of l he househc,!d. a true ofiice and work for any filial spirit. That was Christ's work. ,ork not accomplished easily, not accomplished without great sacrifice and pain and blcod. but in the end accomplished, and yet sometimes not altogether accomplished For there is work also for us. It is for d us to be in our turn, and according to our opportunity, peacemakers. How great the need is! How great the opportunity s! As regards international peace, for instance, oh, hew much work there is to be " Y lone! Will there ever be a time, orfe is inclined to ask, when all the nations of the r world shall be'gathered into one, when wc | c shiii! have no war': From the beginning ! there have been glorious dreams and pro- phccies of such a day of the Lord. There are some most beautiful passages in the Ol-i Testament in which you have such prophecies. There is that passage, for in- P n d stance, where Isaiah speaks of the time when Egypt and Assyria and Palestine should all be reconciled, and brought, as it were, into one household. You know what j t Palestine •n—iu ,-r.TV was i. 1,, in <-l> the •n East '1! llnlirnin, in those 11 days. •-,. l It d was very much what Belgium has been described in modern times. Belgium was d the cockpit of Europe, and Palestine may almost be said tn be the cockpit of the East. Assyria on the North and Egypt on the South were ever waging war, and the w prophet loiiks forward to the time when tli:it should be no more, when Palestine shc,uhl be a highway, and there should be no more the tread of armies, but when it should be a road along which peaceful travcRers should so, and Assyria aud Palestine—the Lord's inheritance—Assyria and Egypt should all be as one great kingdom of peace. And there is a psalm, the eighty-seventh, psalm, which, I think, in some respects, if the interpretation I put upon it be correc-i, is one of the most remarkable psalms in the whoie Psalter. That psalm speaks of the day when Egypt and Babylon shall be, as it were, incorporated into the great family of God, not conquered by force by the Jews, but when these traditiau»3.-<mj»tnies and nmu^ssors of thi i N P w A Jewish people .--hail all be adopted, shall al1 bt c °™c members of the srreat iamilv and household of God. And there always appears dreams and such hopes. You re member how Tennyson in his early days looked forward to a future lime, and saw a vision of a world that would be, that great day— When the war-drum shall throb lio longer. And the hattie-flass he furled, In the parliament of mail, The federation oi the world. Will the day ever come? Perhaps some times wc arc a little hopeless about it, and perhaps we feel that there is nothing, at any rate, that we can do. it is quite possible that wc arc .-tayed from any action because of that ieeling, wc are so help less li is altogether a wrong l'ecling for us to indulge. We are not so helpless ;LS wc think. Wr may feel that it is not we, but our Governments, that make war, but the Governments cannot make war unless they have tile mind and feeling oT the people behind them. It is the public sentiment that determines whether there shall be war or not; and there hav? been occasions in our English history when the nation has been bent upon war, and when no Government could stop it. and you tuay depend upon it that if the Government of any day should embark upon any unpopular war it would not be able to continue in office for a week. It is the people, after all, who have the making of wars, and there is no man who cannot do something to influence public sentimeut; and if we of the Church of Christ will speak, and speak out ckarly and strongly, with determination, it may be that we shall touch the con- •sciousness of our own people, that we shall reach the consciousness of other nations, too, and that wc shall be able to do something at least towards the bringing in of the great day of international peace. And there are other ways in which we may be the promoters of peace. Is not it a desirable thing in. regard to all political controversy, all strife, that we should be doing something and doing all that- we can to bring about a right spirit? I do not deprecate strife and controversy; so long as we have different opinions we must contend with one another, but surely there is no necessity for all these bickerings and recriminations, all this malice, and this envv. and jealousy, and hate—all these personal elements that axe so apt to get. mixed Up with out political conflicts, and that mar so terribly any of our great political campaigns. It was finely said by the "Daily Chronicle"' of Dr. Dale that he was always fighting, but never quarrelled. That "is possible for you and me. We may fight, we must fight, but we need never quarrel. Then there is the Church. The most pitiful thing almost that we can conceive of is this—that people who name the name of, the Lord Jesus Christ, and who are sincerely anxious to do His will and to promote His kingdom in the world should be to such a large extent at daggers drawn among themselves. Oh! it is pitiful. And here is something that every one of JIS can do in a measure. We can say this, and say it again, and repeat it until at last it makes its way into the minds of men that the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness, and peace, and jov, ana the Holy Ghost, that conformity is" nothing-, but faith which worke-th by "love, that the end of the commandment is" charity out of a pure heart. Blessed arc those who, in the Church of Jesus Christ, are known to be peacemakers. And in. all commercial circles we know how very difficult it is, when trouble is arising, to put an end to it, how extremely difficult and delicate the work of "arbitration is; but do not- you think it is possible that if there were, among masters and men- alike, a little more of the Christian spirit, a little more of the sense of fairness and justice, and sometimes Something of that generosity wiiicii is even more beautiful and more necessary than justice—that if there were these things all these terrible outbreaks, these strikes and lockouts, might be to a very large extent prevented? And the home. What a strange thing it is the way in which members of the same families fall out among themselves. Take your Bibles. Begin at the beginning, and read right through what happens in connection with even- household in the Old Testament. It begins with Cain and Abel and the families of the Patriarchs. This is what we see—envy, quarrelling, bitterness, mutual hate. And that kind of thing has been going on all through these long stormy ages, and it is what we find to-day, and it is what wc find in our Christian congregations. I do not think anything has given me greater sorrow than io s-:e how possible it is for people who profess to be Christian people to keen up these family feuds. Three times out of four it is love of money that is at the bottom of it. That love ot money is at the root of ail kinds of evil is certainly true. I do not envy the man who, by liit covetousuess or his bitterness of spirit, is th-s means of stirring up strife, whether it be in the Church or in the home or anywhere. One mail I do envy, and that is the man who is bumble and reverently trying wherever his lot may be cast, to be a maker of peace, and is so earning the Saviour's benediction. O f Just two things remain-Lo be rsaid—first that it is of course possible to pay -too much for d peace. Wc are to love the truth of peace, s but we are not to love peace if.it be ai the expense of truth, nor of course if it be at the expanse of righteousness. We must try t not to go to war, but there are inquiries upon which we must make war. It is a very hard thing.. It is one of the most terrible situations that ever arises when a n h man is bound by the most sacred considerations of duty, as sometimes he may be bound, to say or to do that which he knows will be the means of hurting and alienating those who are"his nearest and dearest. But it must be,said that sometimes that may bo our duty as Christian people. Peace is a most precious thing, yet sometimes even pop.ee may be bought too dear. r The last word I have to sav is this. Peace is to comc. How is ail the world to be brought together'' By force? That will no: han^-en. The wor'd once was w brought together by force. The Romans, that wonderful people, subdued the whole earth, and there was, so to speak, one may but one nation on tluj, earth, and that the Roman nation. It will never happen again. Nov is peace to be secured by conferences (although they are good), by arbitration, by law. by argument.. Net in these ways, only in cne way—only by gathering all men into the fellowship of Jesus Christ; w only by breaking down the middle wiill of partition which separates f.tiU man from man. "They shall come o from the Past and from the West and t from the North and from the South, and shall sit down." Where? Not in St. Petersburg, or Berlin, or Paris, or_London, a but in the kingdom of Heaven. You know w that that which last year, more than anything else, tended to bring all the Queen's g subjects into friendly relations with one hct another was their common 'ovc and reverence for Her Majesty herself. And it wil! be our common love and reverence for the Lord Jesus Christ that will bring all nations and all men into one family. And, t thank Gcd! so much is b-.ring done in this direction. It is a most delightful thing to w re-member that all through the world, in . m every part oi the earth, there are those s to-day who are meeting in common worship of the common Father. The moral, I think, is that if wc would be concerned in this great and sacred work of reconciling men and nations the most effectual thing for us to do is to be doing, ail that we possibly can by prayer and gift and effort to extend the preaching of the pure Gospel of Jesus Christ, so that at last ""His kingdom may c-ome, and His will may be done in earth- even as it is done in Heaven." 