-BY THE WAV. - 'According to one member of Parliament, the status ot the' Governor of New South Wales will he so reduced when Federation comes about 'that the Vice- regal domain .will be available for a railway station; from which it is to be inferred that the next Governor will be a no-account kind of fel low, that will stand almost anything; who won't mind his front verandah being used as a ticket-office, and his back yard turned Into an engine-shed. There does not, how ever, seem any good reason why we should stop at that As Governor of a one-horso province, such as New South 'Wales is ex pected to sink to under the new .Constitu tion, he won't expect much of a salary, and will probably be glad to supplement his gubernatorial allowance by making himself useful in some other capacity, so that it would only be a graceful act to appoint him etationmaster at the new terminus. If this were considered impracticable, he might Lo allowed to run a fcook-s'tall, or granted the refreshment rooms wlthoutcompetition. The latter would come in handy -when his Ex cellency gave a ball or a dinner, and if he followed the old diggings style of providing a free supper, and charging for drinks, it might go some way . towards compensating him for his reduced status. ? » * ? Judging by the published list of relatives and nexr of kin of the -late Mr. James Ty son, 'he must be connected by ties of con sanguinity or marriage with half the po pulation of Europe, Australia, and the United States, not to-mention Asia and Af rica, yet to 'be heard from. One can imaging how the late millionaire would have stared to find that he had such an extremely large contingent of near and dear relatives, whose names fill a couple cf newspaper columns in small type. Perhaps, even now, if daily papers are delivered at his present residence, he is smiling sardonically at the goodly catalogue, and wondering how many ihe ever, heard of during his Australian so journ. One thing seems clear, at all events, that i't was a good thing the Govern ment did not appoint him a member of the Public Service Beard, 'because there would certainly not (have been enough persons in the colony unrelated to him to have manned the Civil Service, especially if the em'bargo extends to the father of the wife of the Eecor-d eousin of a Commissioners' wife, as gome seem to contend. It would seem that the anecdote of the merchant who asked his apprentice if he had duly sanded the-sugar, as a preliminary to calling him in to family prayer, is not wholly apocryphal, at all evemis, so far av- ?the sanding .part^f the. story. is concerned* the only ^difference being that the sand is sometimes. put In the tea .instead of. or per haps in 'addition to, the tsugar, before it comes into tho- retailer's hands. At all events, we. are told that a nice little con signment of the Teaf that cheers but does not inebriate was discovered intermingled with so much of Mother Earth, in a pul verised state, that it has to be sent some-; where else for consumption, being too tad, even for passing, off, on -the unsophisticated citizens of New';South Wales. Who ulti mately bought and drank it has not trans pired, .but that is-.^nci.t our funeral. Go vernment has, of course, quite enough to think of in protecting its own people, with out, troubling about strangers, even though they may be residents in another part of Australia with truly Federal feelings. . ? * ? If a. 'recent cable is to be believed, the lot cf . a. toreador ..'in la Belle France is hardly La happy one. To iflost people it would stem that when a man goes into a ring to fight an infuriated bul^ he_desep«£ ?all he, can 'earn in the shape 6f hard cash, not to speak cf kudos, -but it seems that is hardly the view of: the good\\\ folks at.. Marseilles, who were so indignaift^ because.-., the bullfighters wished to see the ghost walk before starting the evening's 'amuse- ment, that they 'burst up the circus, and set fire to the -barriers. Pabably the Mar seilles audience.' thought -that some of the toreadors ..would not require any more cagh after the performance was over, and that consequently it would be a waste of money to pay them beforehand. . . ? . * * ? There must be something very attrac tive in the jury 'box when the good men and .true, who v had just flnisheii off the case itltey. were engaged'in, evinced so little inclination to depart 'that; the judge was im pelled to inform them that it' was a popu lar error to suppose that any given set of jurors have a lease of the box, and that their further services were not required for the present. At the same time, it must b.e admitted . that the jury might reasonably take the same view in regard 'to the judge, and perhaps some day we may witness a jury intimating to his Honor that -a. new judge will .be now in order, a.nd that they will take the next case -so socn as the old one has vacated the bench. . Anyhow* ;it, seems significant that the jury fees have been recently raised, and in these haru times it may possibly occur to -some of the jurymen that they may have soma trouble in finding a better billet.— A.. Z 