NEWS OF THE DAY. The Town Council will meet this afternoon. Mies Amy Castles will sing at Her Majesty’s Theatre to-night. More than 12,000 people are regularly em- ployed in the London 'Theatres. - : Wild dogs are very troublesome in the Tol mie and llanefield uietrict, frequently killing sheep and lambs. Tho returns, from the 24 gold dredges in. Otago for the past week was 770 oz, being an average of 32 oz per dredge. The most costly banquet ever given to a naval hero iB being planned iu New York for Admiral Dewey. The dinner will co3t 100 dollars a plate. On German railways freight brings in 68 per cent, of all receipts, and costs only 33 per cent, of all expenses. In consequence of the boom in rabbit trap- - ping in tho Coleraine district, the local supply, of traps haa been sold out, and at present they are not procurable there. A bushman from Goondiwindi, was robbed ot £330 by three men at Brisbane on Tues day by the confidence trick. Duncan Campbell Patterson on Wednesday shot himself iu a paddpok on his sister's farm, at Monarto, S.A., in a lit of insanity. Tho Eaglohawlt Borough Council has re solved to borrow £lOOO, in order to erect a, grand-stand in tho Canterbury Park sports ground. Alfred Connor, aged 16, of Maitland, S.A.. died on Wednesday from injuries received more than a week ago while playing football. He fell during the game, aurt several other lads falling on him caused internal injuries. John Bennis on Wednesday at Sydney was sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment by Judge Gibson, at the Quarter Sessions, for having discharged a revolver at his wife. Elizabeth Bennis, with intent to inflict grievous bodily harm. .Mrs Anna Rivers, an American lady, has begun an action for divorce from her hus band. Slio claims that the ghost of her hus band’s first wife infests the house, and makes her miserable. It appears at nights, and frightens her st she is nnablc to sleep. ■ The secretary of a New York drug firm, received by post a small box which, when opened, revealed a lively snake. The reptile has been identified as a poisonous asp, and; the recipient of tho unwelcome gift is much nuzzled as to tho reason for his being se lected as a possible victim. People witli dis torted ideas of practical joking send black beetles to each other, but to send snakes is really going too far. A curious volnme has been presented to the Chelsea Public Library'. It is a Burmese book, written, or rather engraved, as no ink is used, with a stylus upon some 300 strips of dried palm leaves. The palm leaves are held together by two pieces of wood, and tho edges of the whole are decorated in gold and vermilion. Tho P. and 0. Company has paiil the snnz of £57,000 to tlie owners of the vessels which carried out the salvage operations in connec tion with the K..M.S. China, which went ashore on the island of Perirn in March la3t vear. and was floated off in the following Septem ber. Tho quantity of flour and wheat afloat for the United Kingdom hliows A decrease of 11,003 quarters on the week, totalling 3,260.000 quarters. The shipments to the continent represent 1,685,000 quarters, or 125,000 quarters less than a week ago. Bicycle polo is now all the rage at the Eng lish music halls, where the game is played fast and furious on tho stage by elSciently trained cyclists. The betting on Sloan’s mounts in England seems to have reached a very heavy stage. In one race at Newmarket Sloan rode a 13 to 8 on chance, and ;en American plunger laid the odds on to loso £24,500. The horse won. American florists are lavish in their use of flowers. A model of tho battleship Maine has been made of flowers ami plants. It ia one-sixth the actual size, being 53 feet in, length, and 10 feet ill breadth. More than 117,000 plants were used in its conctruction. So great is the uncertainty of obtaining really good kinds from seeds, that it is stated that out of 10,000 seedling plants re ceived from Japan by the noted fruit-grower and hybridist, Luther Burbank, only three were deemed worthy of propagation. , The latest literary event of importance is the publication of Mr Justin M'Carthy'g " Reminiscences.” The book is in .great de mand. Tho style has all the ease and finish of the author's earlier works, and the kind and genial nature which has endeared him to a multitude of friends, and made political antagonists some of tho wannest- among that number, reveals itself in its pages. Since the foundation of the British and Foreign Bible Society in 1804 it has issued 16C.009.393 copies of Bibles, Testaments, and portions of the sacred Scriptures. The issue ■for 1898-9 reached 4,-479.439 copies, being 92,287 -more than 1397-8, whioli was the highest, ever attained by tho society. The total receipts for the year amounted.to nearly £220.000. An uncut copy, in fino condition, of tho first edition of Sir Walter Scott's ” a averley” (1814) was sold at Sotheby's on 27{,h Aoril for £350. It was in the original grey boards. The Ashbnmhura copy, almost equally fine, in half-calf, brought some montlis ago £73. The latest statistics or the Baptist Chnrch in America show that there are 1633 associa tions, 24.409 ordained ministers. 42.893 church es. and 4.141,995 members. This is an increase* on the previous year of 24 associations. 1054 ministers, 495 churches, and. 85.139 members. 