TOED LIVES. ,? . . .. ♦ ? ; CHAPTER I. £As it was, Angela Laight came »o her friend's Ijoues, and for about two ; rpccthe all went well wholly to theiyoutig- widow's approbation. Hubrrt plainly admired Angela ; that was but na'ure, bis hostess would argue, eioce the girl was both hand* some and bright. SVe would serve her purpofe^admirably, if she only proved, for \- a month or so logger, enough of a mild drastic power to fix in Hubert's mind the babit of goiog at brief inleivals to her own little bandbox of a dwelling. Augela could relirr, then ; her services would have grown , needless, Poor pauper tbat she was, she r . cou'di ipost, up into OjdeDEburg ng'in, where that shiftless father of bets had r plunged into ..tome new.. scheme ;.wi;h a -j-'smell of;the worst risk about it. ' I shall have been very good to her,' Mrs. Avcrill .Unused. 'She cannot complain, she bad no ciriim upon me; aod 1 tball have let her ?tay, here in town , with me a small eternity.' Angela .did: not complain; slio would have held that ak most thankless part to play. But a faw.days before the time ^of her idaparture she innocently, made heaven and earth crash together for Mr?, Averill. by Baying, while a little haz-3 of pink came hurrying along either pure-curved cheek to either sweet bue-grey eye. ; ? Mr. Throckmorfon asked me last even '. ing, Alva, if I'd be his wife, and— BDd— ' though I wab ever so surprised and con fused, and could hardly speak at all, still, I believe I — I said ' ' yes,' .'' ,' The ground seemed swinging like. the ?i sea under Mrs. Averill. and she felt as if . ber.standiog upright were a ' miracle. At the same time she began to say, in cool tones : . I 1 My dear Angela, I'm so pleased 1 I balf suspected it a week ago. It's an en gagement that will charm everybody.' -And then she kissed the girl on each cheek.' \--Till Angela left her house it more than poncejgtruck the young widow. |ha(;Tj she might go. mad and do some, dire thing Her secret, her pain, her infinite .^hagrin, ' were£ribt f o be told in the hearing1 'of any , mortal ;, .aha eometimea caught herself ;- wishing tbat she were a Catholic and could pour al^ into the ear of a confeseor. Then she wjjuld.laugh with scorn of such an im ,, pulse,:though the laugh was one of thoBe : terribje' silences which the silence of a tortured soul can alone echo back. This infatuate, choice, in its eager trend, meant the single sentiment of a woman who bad ^ never jknown one gleam of similar feeling heretofore. She could never have made the njarriage for money and place tbat she had.mado, if love like this had ruled ,.her in, the past. Since her widowhood i-ehe bad looked into the eyes of, .passion ;and bujgthed its dizzying breath.. In those 1 other days ebe had thought . Hubert a mere ' poseur ' for literary distinction, a .man whose foreground (as the .world pic torially eaw it) was assumed modgsty, and i whoso sole background was the raw flam boyance of' wealth. One chance meeting had changed her to the core,' - She had aftPrtHQvl ??'^ 1*1' fr*rti U««l» ?( ^-oreu null badjtold herself that they were: Jacfora in the. , alterative process. ButiUthia bad already happened, and moreover hers was not. a temperament that the rythm and lilt of poetry could stir ; she had no nerve, cells tbat vibrated to such impression;' life and she were bound together only by ' the hard chords of prose. ! . Angela went back toOgdensburg, where her* father had by this time discovered1 that his scheme of quick self-scricbment; . was air, and begun to plan another which would be earth itself for impregnable Eolidity. The gitl had begged Hubert to! wait a little while before he followed her.! Shame was at the root of this entreaty ;j she invented some excuse -for tbe delay,' but in reality it bad been imposed because .she was fearful lest affairs at home were harshly embarrassed. This proved to be' the case. Hetfah^r, who bad managed to educate bis motherless child, now lacked the means of decently supporting her. But he had hopes ; he was going to redeem the failure of one enterprise by the splendid success of another. Angela smiled drearily as she listened ; she wondered, while she recollected his former hap-bazard career, how he had ever con trived to pay for her past tuiiion as a boarding pupil at Madame Charnier's. But be had done so; 'perhaps be would . pontrive to get on his feet again now, for the twentieth time since she had known him and filially loved him. A sense of commingled dread and delicacy forbade her from writing Hubert thn word that would, bring him at hot speed to Ogdens burg. A like sense made ber conceal from her .fat her the fact that she was en gaged to a very rich man in New York. If she told him now, at this epoch of finan cial jeopardy, what mortifying attitude of debtor to Hubert might be not swiftly as sume ? 'No, no,' she said to her own anxious heart. 'I will wait until paps rights himself once more. It would .kill I me to have Hubert come here and find us almost at Btraite, like this, for our daily food.1 1 But, even then she sent Mrs. Averill a full account of all her sharp worrimeats. I 'I trust you in every way,' her letters ran. ' Say nothing to him. We are getting along, but oh, how different it is from your j Bumptuous and lovely little home !' Mrs. Averill sent her the kindest of re sponses, and a gift of money as well. The I latter came opportunely indeed, ' What I a generous heart Alva has I' her friend thought. 'Thank Heaven, I can repay her soon. There must be one, of two ways, I eilber papa's rise or my marriage.' I But deslioy had given the cards of Loi- 1 timer Laight a final disastrous shuffle. I For from rising again, he sank as his child had never seen him sink before. He had always had the most exquisite manners ; ' he was the sort of man who prided him I self on being a gentleman even while con. cernsd in transactions of plebeian dingi ness ; it was lucky for Angela that she did ] not know just how (he expenses of berh schooling had been defrayed, but had ac- ] cepted 'papa' dutiDg- girlhood with a i reverence remote from the faintest heresy, j 1 She rarely saw him then without he bad on a pair of neat gloves and wore a flower or two in his button-hole. But now it was quite different ; his dandyism had evapo rated ; bis handsome face, with its gray martial moustache and hopeful blue eyes, had a drawn, scared look, as though the ghosts of the three or four fortunes that he had made away with were whispering un canny rebukes in bis mental ear. One day he spoke to Angela in sharp rage, and without a shred' of reason for doing so. He walked from the room muttering oddly to himself, and with the last glimpse that she caught of his tace her pain swiftly altered to alarm. Hia brain was already rocking to its fall, and in a day or two the collapse came. It brought a helpless imbecility and not the more cruel curse of dementia that Angela had been dreading. At the first tidings of tbe calamity Hubert hurried to Ogdensburg. The shame of Angela was swallowed up in ecstasy as they fell into one another's arms. ' She told him everything, then, without a shadow of reserve, She let him see to jnst how shabby a pass poverty had brought her father and herself. Hubert, pierced with disgust at what he rated as bis own dulness, clamored for an immedi ate marriage. Afterward, be fervently told Angela, that they two could watch beside ber father together, and he would have the right to offer that glad assistance which his future wife now shrank hnm receiving. - Hut within «ho vciy bour that Hnbert made bis passionate plea, one who bad learned of his departure for Ogdensburg and who bad boldly decided on tbe step of following him, presented herself before Angela. Tbis.it need hardly be said, was Alva Averill. The bewildered and hesi tating |girl sprang toward ber sudden guest with a cry of grateful delight. Be-, wilderment and hesitation thenceforth ceased to be her own concern. 'What shall I do, Alva?' she broke forth for lornly. ' Poor papa is dying, aud, yet lit may take -:im weeks, months to.die;.,,Hu bert is bere,.and begs me tof become his wife now— in a few:, hours, or;'at'.'JeaBJt'ia day. Ought ltd consent ? Advise me I I leave it all to you I'1 ' ''''' ? ? : 1 Dou't think of such a step,' said Mrs, Averill.' Wait; I am here with you now. I will help you ; it's right enough that I should, Wait, I say. TruBt all to me. You and he hay.eta/vljfetime jbefore you. Think only of your' father' for the present. Settling a^few unpaid bills ; can't (mean much for me, Angela ; why; should it? Besides, (o appease your sensitiveness, I'll jot down a full account; which you can make good to roe afterward il so dis posed.' ~-T ' Ob, Alva I bow sweet of you 1 ' Angela's tears were flowing. She kissed the cheek of tbe new-comer again and again. She was clinging about her friend's neck in her gratitude, her misery. Mrs. Averill, though ^responding by litt/s pats of her gloved bands to these caresses, had swept her gaze about the cheerless lioom. In another minute she had sum I moned her maid, whom she bad brought with her and who stood in discreet re tirement, 'Gilbcrte,' she said, ' go aud tell, the lady who keeps this bouse to come to me. You understand,' Silberte understood and obeyed.' She was one of those keen young French - [ women whose errors of service are few, and who can speak English with a lucidity that transcends idiom. ' A little later Mrs, Averill , ! eld a, talk with tbe keeper of tbe house. On one side, at lcaEt, it was a mollifying conference, and several new bank-notes crackled crisply before its end. Siili laier, Hubert and his cousin spoke together. During (heir converse, new wraps and pillows and other means of bringing comfort to a sick room was being carried past them to tbe near bedside of Mr. Laight. ' No.f Mrs, Averill was saying, ' her place, Hubert, is where her father lies. You must bear tbat in mind. Remember, she has friendB in New York, whatever they might say here in this dull lit tie settlement. Let me prove her friend now; you can be tbat, and more, to-morrow — whenever to- morrow really :omea,' To be] continued. 