SHORT STORIES.' TRE FLYING SQUADRON. A STORY OF THE BLACK RE PUBLIC. (E. and H. Heron, in the "Cornhill Magazine.") 'I. "It's an awkward business, take it how you will," Allansford was saying. "I've no belief in black republics;, on the other hand, if the States do annex, they'll annex anlother big factor to that unmentionable trouble, the nigger question." I. had formulated a simple and de! -' cisive policy, to ,be pursued< by the United States, anent Cuba, and Allans ford had subsequently pointed out,with all the delicacy of intimate friendship, that cocksureness was the result of* an unblessed ignorance. "But you surely will own that things' could" not have been allowed to go as they have been going in Cuba?"'I replied. "I'm free to own that. It sounds fair enough to hear a Spaniard say the States have no call to shove a hand into his particular fish-tub. But it's not the States as the States that are acting; it's the States in the character of the nearest civilised power doing police work, the police work you hear so much about in Europe with regard to Turkish affairs. Given the Cuban is six of one and the Spaniard half-a-dozen of the other, still it isn't in nature to stand by and watch crowds of 'women and children die of dirt, disease, and famine because two sets of mottled scoundrels choose to carry on a lingering guerilla warfare. The neutrals suffer, but on the whole the other johnnies enjoy themselves." "The States must get something for their trouble," I said. "No nation ever did anything without a quid pro quo-nor ever will." "There will be no diffliculty 'about that; American police are accustomed to collect their own wages," 'returned Allansford. "I very much hope the States will see their way to annexa tion, however, because there is only one other way out of that coil, and I've no special desire to see the foun dation of another republic on the ground plan of Cuba's eastern neigh bour." Allansford's piazza is the best place in Yellowtown, for there it is always "for Yellowtown-cool. In England the hour would have been the. hour of. afternoon tea. In Yellowtown we had just arisen from a late siesta. Allans ford was sitting on the threshold of the piazza, half on and half oiff the dark polished floor of the big dark ened room. Outside the cliff fell six hundred feet to the waters of the Pacific, which inshore were pale and blue, but away beyond the thundering bar they heaved westwards in spread ing patches of violet. . Allansford was. amusing himself with a grotesque catapult, which may, have been a weapon used by the aboriginal inhabitants of those parts; at any rate, it looked prehistoric. With this he fired at the turkey-buzzards perched on the many coloured roofs of the corrugated iron sheds in which the niggers lived on the beach below. A nigger came out barefooted into the burning sand to see what was dis turbing the scavengers, and, catching sight of Allansford, grinned and re tired to his own galvanised oven again. It was Allansford's custom to tell the tally of the huts in which the yellow fever raged, evening by evening, just when the thick shoulder of the tropic night cloud began to show itself above thie horizon, and .we smoked forlornly to be rid of. mosquitoes, and argued to exhaustion for want of anything on earth to do. "Now, I'll tell you what's the mat ter with Culba," ' went on Allansford; "it's her position.. She's not a beggar 'at the door, like Crete;, she's more like a voice crying somewhere out in the night, and nobody's made it their business until now to get up and see what's the matter." "We," I said, largely, identifying my self for the moment with Europe, "would have given her guaranteed autonomy long ago." Allansford laughed rather scornfully, I thought. "Very likely, and made the usual bad job of it. Cuba has no Porfirio Diaz, not even a Tuarez, . or she would be free to-day. As it is, without a capable leader, Cuba would soon sink far be low the level of the worst of the Cen tral American republics." "Below! Why below?" "Because as soon as the war stopped the negro population would get the upper hand, and they'd start a sister republic to Hayti, with Haytian laws and a shiny black President. The whites in Cuba don't see that yet, nor that their one chance of salvation lies by way of annexation-preferably: to Mexico." . , The night drew on with a' cooler breeze,and I rocked myself lazily, while the crickets, first one, then two, and their a dozen, set. up their drowsy whirr. "Those Haytians, now,"' I said in the dusk, "they're a bumptious crowd, I've heard." . "Why, yes; once' a nigger finds his head loose, he.:develops a burlesque am.bitioni. Hayti once, constituted it. self into an empire, but it fell to pieces from natural causes. The Re public has an. immense public debt, more oi less repudiated; the currency is chiefly paper, and the greater part of that is forged. The history of Hay tian' politics would make 'incredible reading. Now, it is not very generally known, but it's a fact, that once upon a time the Haytian Republic saw fit to 'initiate a war against Russia, Ger many, France; Italy, Sweden, Norway, and every other Power with .the ex ception of England and the United States of Americal ' "There were no formalities observed, suclh.tis .'sending ultimatums .or mak ing declarations of war, and no shot was fired; consequently, there were no reprisals. Indeed, it is doubtful whe ther Russia, Germany, Prance, and the others ,ever knew of the perils which. menaced' them; :they certainly did not do so, liile 'that peril had become a matter of merely historical interest. Norway, in the person of the Spaniard who happlened to be acting as .Nor wegian Consul at the time, may have had an inkling of it, because of the hostile intentions openly avowed dur ing a whole afternoon against a Nor wegian timber ship that had come up from the Mexican Gulf. Also the war was to be a purely naval war, and was undertaken in much the same spirit that urges a young bull to battle by way of testing his new-gotten horns -the horns in: the case of Hayti be ing represented by their recently ac quired. warship, the Foudroyant, then lying at anchor in the harbour of Port au Prince. "The beginning of the trouble may be attributed to certain action taken' by the .British Government in Ja Inaica. They did several things which Hayti disapproved and disliked. So the Haytians .said 'Stop,' but in. her customary casual way~ England took no manner of notice, and went on as before. This drove the Republic to the consideration of definite measures. It immediately determined to become a naval Power and cope with England on her own element. The prime mover in the matter was General Deloncle; a large negro in cotton print trousers 'and a clerical hat. He was a general in the Republican' army, and brimful Sof ambition. Also lhe was a logician and 1a Positivist. ",' "England.,'. he..said to the President, 'she great ibig Powver-owns one-hun dred ships 'an'd :n.rie- thousand jacktar. She make us d; ?vwhat she want un til we own one-lhfnder- anone ships andl one-thousan-anone jacktar! Theni--' "In this-he merely stated the Haytian _ theory that the smaller number should always on principle run away. So it was that the Republic set about:be coming 'a first-class naval Power, with the ultimate idea of twisting Englahd's tail. s "Judged by the standard of some of ithe surrounding States,the'prospect be fore them' opened out. into an enc couraging and variegated vista of triumph. Veneziela at that time pos sessed, so they say, but three gun boats; one was without a boiler, an other had no propeller; and the third not infrequently did duity-for a con sideration-as lighter.to British ship ping. "If the Haytians really meant busi t ness, there seemed no reason why they should not become the sea Power of e the Caribbean and' cover .themselves with glory of .'the. most,, superior 1kind. "Such was the notion- which prompted them.to purchase their first warship. A new 'tax was at once levied, and they raised a handsome sum, four : fifths of which 'went,, as 'usual, to6 the e State officials, and the remaining fifth was used to buy the nucleus of a navy. The Foudroyant, in the days before the President's wife rechrist, ened her, had been a .tramp in the Gulf trade, takinfg the Progreso,. Vera Cruz, and Tampico route. She was a wooden ship; single screwof about 1500 tons gross register, and a speed-on paper-of ten knots, and she had origi nally been the Susan Wroxham, out of Cardiff. The Haytian Government, bought her through her Vera Cruz e agents, painted her white with a pink e and pea-green strake, and a Neapoli tan-ice funnel--they are colour-lovers in the Black Republic-clapped a cross spar upon her mizzen-mast, and after a little gold-work about her prow ' launched her as a first-class cruiser ,of Sthe Republic of Hayti. She carried r a crew 'of :eighty, and the only white men aboard were the four engineers. S "The step. to be taken next could r not be'hastily decided upon, mean 1 while the Foudroyant was. utilised for saluting purposes. .She . .was.. com manded, like, everything else in HIyti, r by a'general. She took part in one a review, and knoclked sehvral yards of wharf into the harbour by loading up her big gun with ball in mistake for C blank cartridge, and in fact, ! taken altogether, was a source of real pride n and self-gratulation to the Govern- 0 ment. - "You must understand that Hayti is I above all things military. She is the t military republic, by far the most un conditionally military republic in the t world. All the State departments are c presided over by full generals. If t you go ashore at Port au Prince and walk up the main street a heavy per- t centage of the people you meet will I be generals. So it was in the nature of things that the navy should be commanded by a general. And it hap pened to be the same man, Deloncle, who had inaugurated the spirited policy in connection with England. "For some months" he rested on his laurels, and tasted to the full the de lightful distinction which his novel status conferred upori him. But by degrees the fickle public tired df their toy. There were changes in the Minis try,and the brand-newness of the-popu lar sentiment about the warship was wearing oil`, so that Deloncle found himself sinkilig back into his old posi tion of one general among many, in stead of the sole and much-admired general of the navy. .In fact, the army began to regain its old ascendency over the imagination of the people, the rea son probably being that there wogs a sameness about the tactics of the Fou droyant; she never did anything but steam round the harbour and fire salutes, while the army held reviews into which a certain amount of novelty could be thrown in the way of ma noeuvres and uniforms-especially uni forms. "It struck Deloncle that the depar ture of the Foudroyant on a cruisd in neighbouring waters mnight revive the fading enthusiasm, the start to be celebrated by playing of bands and fir ing of cannon, and his return made into a sort of triumphal entry,, when his grateful country could do' no less than give a banquet in his honour backed by public illuminations. "He carried this through with suc cess, and it produced an excellent ef feet for the time being. The warship Smade a number of comfortable little trips all within sight of land-quite a. prolonged cruise can be made in those crowded seas without losing the land. But on one occasion they adventurously altered their usual procedure and steamed clear. They steamed on and I ori, taking up tedious horizons, for I some three days, till they. did not know I where they were, and the navigating colonel began to be vaguely suspicious that they had sailed out into some new and limitless ocean. At length,. to every' one's relief, a cloud of land appeared in the offing, which presently evolved itself into a little sun-scorched town, sitting on a cushion .of green inside the sand-rim. They put in I alongside the wharf, and asked what day of the month it was, and after some further diplomatic questioning they discovered the naine of the coun S try they had arrived at. It was ul comfort to find it to be Jamaica. S "In' the course of a week, their confi \- dence being restored, they paid a pilot to take them home again. After that f they were regarded as local Nansens, and feted accordingly. Next, however, some ill-advised person pointed out that fruit boats ply almost daily be 1 tween Hayti and Jamaica; but then af \- fruit boat isn't a warship, and the \- irrelevancy of the criticism was ob vious." IT. "Yet the effect of even this daring venture wore away, while the supre macy of the seas remained still a dream, and England went on making herself as obnoxious as ever. To add to this, Delonele heard some very dis t quieting rumours. General Brutus: Squuadro, who happened to be his own specific rival, had' gone one better in the bid for popularity. He had under taken to add to the defences of the island, and, owing as he put it, 'to the criminal indifference--or it. might be incapacity-of the Ministry of Marine,' in the harbour of Port au Prince, and so secure the capital from the dangers of foreign invasion. "Deloncle saw at once that this was a bad business, for he knew that if 'ever he chanced to get into Gerieral t Squadro's way, nothing could be more simple thaa the accidental discharge of a submarine mine, and there would be an end of Deloncle, and his battleship. At first he could hit upon no way of counteracting Squadro's plot. Day by day Brutus grew in favour with the populace, who loved him for the plans he was makling, fac-similes of which She caused to be published inT colours, so 1 that the people might know what he was doing and appreciate his patriotic labours. "Oni' evening Deloncle met .Squadro in the harbour extension works.. S ":'I give you a good-evening-. Gene ral, said Deloncle. ' 'I gite you a 'most good-evening, Genieral,' returned -Squadid'owith even minore dignity. 'When the mines are finished, we shall sleep safe' at Port au Prince.' "'But there is no'war,' said Deloncle sarcastically. "'There may be next week or next month,' expained Sqiladro '"They looked each' other up an'd down, and Deloncle, who was six feet two, felt the courage swell in his heart. Squadro had given him just the hint he needed. "That night he sent off! an invitation to, the President, asking him to dine on board the navy on, the following evening. After the dinner was', over, he took the President away into the after cabin, and. put in an urgent de mand for active service. "'We hab navy,' he said, indignantly, 'and she stay at 'olpe! What de use ob stay-at-'ome navy?' "The Haytians talk French of a sort, you, know, and run their words into one another as negro races seem apt to do whatever tongue they adopt. I'm givinig you a free translation. "The President admitted that.it was unfitting for a go-ahead State like theirs, which pcsessed so good a navy, to keep it chained tup. , "'England-she dam proi'dU. : We Steach her a'lesson!' went on Deloncle. But the President shied at thieidea of figh-ting England, and reminded Delon cle of the Bulldog. "Some time previously an English man-of-war had visited Hayti about an indemnity, and left a considerable im pression behind. " 'Oah, yes, I remember de Bulldog. and de jacktarsswid de hairy breasts Oai, yes, I remember, and de debbil of a captain! De little man who get tvberyiting he want! . But we will nor 'ye~:tuaack de marce.ntile of England or de States.' "Upon this the President asked what t General Deloncle wished him to do. t " 'We will make war on all the oder nationd, sah!' Deloncle answered with out any 'hesitation. 1 "He knew exactly what lie wanted. It was a comprehensive scheme, and 1 the possible fame touched the vanity of the President, and made him warm I to the idea, though some lingering i doubt, induced by the recollection of the Bulldog, that war is a game at I which more than one can play, still I troubled him. But Deloncle was pre pared to overwhelm all abjections. " ')is ship is de Flying-Squadron of de Republic of Hayti! You gib me sealed orders,' he answered confi dently. 'it is always sealed orders in. de navies: I fullil dem, and afterwards I return!' "The President being yet inclined to demur, Deloncle went into details. " 'You write, "Destroy dis," or "Sink dat," and it is done! We are ready to fight ,anyt'ing in dis fine big steam'er! Dis is de way. We sight de enemy, we fire across her bows-she lay to, haul down heir flag, and I go. aboard! Den we bring back prizes, and we will and dem to our navy list. Come on deck, sah!' "The President was then given a' fur ther insight into Deloncle's designs; but he had not so much. to gain per sonally by the affair, and his office to lose if it turned out badly, therefore he suggested that he should take the opinion of the Ministry before decided action. " 'Oah, but most assuredly it is a t'ing for,the sum-total of the Ministers to consult upon,' agreed the other, who had no notion of hiding his light under .a bushel. 'But dat can be done ver' :soon. And den de world will hear ob de Flying-Squadron of General De lonele!' "For many days Deloncle paraded the streets of Port au Prince, carry ing the air of a man overloaded with an important mission. ' The Haytians, like all other niggers, are:- as' full of curiosity as monkeys, and his" move ments were watched with intense in terest. And when the proposal, was laid before the Ministry in all its splen dour,, with the catchwords of 'Flying Squadron' and 'sealed orders' to in flame the national vaingloriousness with the illusion of dabbling in a'lairs usually considered to be wthin the pre rogative of the Great Powers ony, it 'was unanimously conceded thlit the general of the navy had earned his keep. The President's speech, was set forth in placards on the following day. His views on the reasons for arma ment were natural, because.he was an undiluted savage. A" savage'-l raises a fighting power for the purpose of malt ing war, a civilised people, in order to maintain peace. He alluded to the example of big fat commercial. England, which he compared to a hive of bees, I making the honey, which is gold. Her warships, her cruisers, and her" gun boats, were hornets sent forth: to pre vent other people's honey-making. The present expedition and the little war She advocated against Russia, Germany, France, Italy, Sweden, Norway, and other second-rate nations, was.so to t speak, the thin end of the wedge. Hayti would increase and prosper, and by .and-by there would be a coloured Eng land in 'the Caribbean'! As he ended, the black men around him-, drunk with dreams of plunder and unlimited wealth, applauded to the echo. "In the meantime .Deloncle' sat in his cabin on board the Foudroyant, and awaited the coming of the sealed or ders, playing European card-games to pass.'the time with 'the major of the watch. "When the orders actually came it was necessary to send for the chief I engineer, because he could read. He was a .thinnish, hard-set main hailing s: from Westward Ho, and he had no re spect at all for his employers. When She came aft the 'sealed orders' were no longer sealed, but lying open on-the table under the awning on the after deck. The chief picked them up and began to read with wonder breaking. out upon his face. Presently he said "'So it's to be war-sanguinary war all round, and we're to do the fighting.' "Deloncle signified that he was ex actly right. S"'But this document should not have I been opened until we were out of.siglht of land,' said the chief. 'That's said expressly.' ".'Yes, but de enemy has already come,' explained Deloncle, indicating a small steamer lying in the roads. "Slhe was flying the Norwegian flag Sand lier pilot flag, but ordelrs had been issued "thht no pilot was to go out to Sher, and her slkipper was afraid to 'bring her in himself, not being regular on that route. ""'She i's there,' said Delconele. 'Wre will nmake 'ou?. first battle in de sight ob all! " "The chief asked if they were tol start \- next morning, hoping, perhaps, that 'saner counsels miglit by that time pre-' vail. But Deloncle had the war-fever Sbadly. S"'We must be out ob do harbour be 1 fore moring,' he replied. "'De orders, dey say, "Sail-at-once." You will re Smember dat dis is de Flying Squadron ob Hayti! We must be ready' to bom t bard de enemy at dawn!' "By the time the fourth engineer had I his ha'bour watch set the chief re Sturned to the alley-way cabin..with, the extraordinary news. . " 'Are we going round the wOrld.and back like the Libertad of the'l Mexi I cans?' enquired the second engineer, Sgrinning. " 'Bigger thing than that,, my son,' said the chief-manners were easy on the Foudroyant. 'This condqne?d old tramp is the Flying Squadron of H-ayti, and we're going to offer battle to inost of the navies of the world! That's our lay. The sealed orders say, "Sinkez vous! Arretez-vous everything you sight-o'." It's rank suicide, that's what it is. S"But the 'engine-room staffi refused to be dispiarited, and rejoiced as one mnan at the chance of the fun, more es Specially as they very well knew 'the SFotidroyant was not fit to fight a Dutch buniboat! The second engineer oflfered some suggestion of this kind. " 'You're riight,' said the chief, 'right as you can be. We've two obsolete Snine-pounlders and that big German \- blunderbuss on deck. A row-boat with a governess and a child.in it Scould take us, yet here we are prancing Sout to destruction to please a char \- coal-skinned six-foot idiot! It makes mo sick!' " 'What are we likely to fall in with?' ransweredl the second gleefully. 'West h India Pacific boat coming back through l.hi Yucatan Chanel?' "'Barred! She'd sail under the 'I?nion Jack. Oh, no, we've fixed our prize! She's that Norwegian timber tramp that's been signalling for a pilot the whole. afternoon.' "By eleven o'clock the Foudroyant's engine bell rang, and the single screw began to revolve slowly. The Flying Squadron had started on her mission of blood. ".Deloncle, standing on the bridge, felt himself an embryo Nelson. The water- ways of the world lay before him, and the German-made. gun aboard twinkled black and wet without its tar paulin under the heavy dews, ready for action and loaded with everything available. A mile away 'the starboard light of the Norwegian glimmered green through the darkness. Silence lay on, the black sea. Deloncle would have preferred daylight and acclama tion, but he dwelt on the sensation the battle would cause in the morning among the onlookers ashore, and the welcome that would be given to him when he towed his shattered prize into the harbour, and was comforted. S"In the pride of his heairt he had de termined upon making the ship's olli ce'rs fetch the Foudroyant out of port without the aid usually lent by the local pilots. For this cause the Flying, Squadron. performed many strange an tics underneath the stars, but the pro vidence of the drunkard and the fool befriended her, for after an hour or so of shouting she screamed into the outer night with no worse damage than knoclfing her bowsprit into splinters. "Naturally she showed no lights. Do: loncle unde¶rstood that under similar circumstances line-of-battle ships never did show lights. . War had already broken out at Hayti, for the' Foudroy ant was' going to. soil the dawn with gunpowder. Deloncle proposed to lie with banked fires near his prey, and commence hostilities with the first light. "Now.about a fortnight or so before this a Liverpool shipping firm had sent out a cargo-boat, called the Panama, to do commerce among .the islands. Shortly after midnight,'thhe second mate on the bridge of :the Panama had picked .up the Port au Prince: lights, and the look-out had chanted the usual 'All's well,' after the. quarter-master , had struck eight bells. Of, course the Panama hadn't the ghost of a notion that the Flying Squadron of Hayti was out on the war-trail, any more than the crowd on board the Foudroyant gave a thought to any incoming steamers they might get foul of owing to their strategical abandonment of lights. Under any circumstances, I understood, the Foudroyant' always showed a line disregard for the rule of road. If she met a ship, she simply steered straight ahead .till the other vessel was forced to get out of her way. - This course was not altogether prompted by pride, but partly by necessity, for the Hay tians are not good at nautical ma noeuvres. "In the thick blackn'ess of the.night the warship slid through the' water, but as she turned to make her westing the stem of the big cargo-boat caught her abaft the main mast. The Foudroyant leaped, shuddered, and ceased' to, move. Deloncle, on the bridge saw the big gun break loose' under the shock, and charge back with a rattle, followed by the crash of wood work. "Then a harsh voice roared in a choke of rage from the.Panama, asking who they were. "The chief, knowing what had hap pened, got'on deck a soon as he could. He found Deloncle calling on, the Pana ma to surrender. "On seeing the chief, he clasped him in his arms. " 'Oah, it is glorious! It is magnifi cent! We 'ave rammed her!' he yelped in ecstasy. "The chief shook himself clear. S"'Somebody's rammed us, you hoot ing bradawl! Get. out the boats, or we'll see m'o're glory than we bargained for 'in two shakes! The collision's wrecked m'y engines; the-sea's coming in like a sluice!' "Then he addressed .himself to the mate on' the Panama, who rudely inti mated that he, the chief, must be drunk, or he'd have his lights, showing, till,"the chief asked him to keep his blackguarding till later, as the Foudroyant was settling down by the stein. _.Then a gruff order was given to lower away and save as many as possible. ' "The Liverpool lifeboats had a busy ten' minutes of it. Luckily the night was .calm, and a fair proportion of the Foudroyant's crew were hauled aboard, when they heard a.sound like a gulp in some monstrous throat. It was the Flying Squadron of Hayti taking her final flutter to the sea bottom. "T~he next dawn, that was to have h.eralded in the era of conquest and world-wide dominion, broke over a peaceful sea and a group of wet and saddened negroes-the survivors of the wreck. It broke also upon a large black man in cotton print- trousers out laclking the clerical hat, who.was try ingj with the help of the chief engineer, to inm~ake the position clear to the im patient slipper of the Panama . " 'So you were the Hayti'n Flying Sqiuadron, were you?' he said at last. 'Well, I'm'sorry I tumbled on to you and spoilt the fun. But I'll have to dock the Panama if I can get her as far as Jamaica, and I expect my people will send you in the bill, dommodore. Shall I put you ashore?' "Deloncle accepted the offer, and hastened to tell his own version of the incident to the Government, who de cided to seize the Panama as soon as she was warped into port; but the skipper was wide awake, and steamed away from Port au Prince without entering the harbour, though'before the' year was over the Liverpool owners made a heavy demand upon the Re public. "The Norwegian went into port that day, and heard for the'first time of the dang'er that had threatened her." "How did the tale come to you? Did it happen while you were at Hayti?'" I asked of Allan~sfom'd. "Long before that. It was the chief engineer who told the story to me. I found him a berth later on one of the Atlas boats. As I was saying, the Liverpool people sent in their bill, and moreover saw that it was paid. But as for the collision, you may call it chance or bad luck, or whatever you like, but the fact remains9 that no known power will ever persuade the Haytians that the Panama was not act ing under direct orders from the Cabi net of St. Jamnes's, who, hearing of the ambitions entertained, by the Re public over-seas, sent out the Liverpooi boat to commit a dastardly outrage!" German university students have in creased in numbers from about 10,000 25 years ago to 32,241 last year. The increase is out of proportion to the population. 