Brief Mention. Local. Weather cooler. Christmas little over five weeks off. What wheat is threshed at Parkes this year will be of good quality. The crops out Peak Hill and Molong way in many cases are first-class. The late rains produced a lot of " second growth," some of which will yield well. The Condobolin branch of the Foresters' Lodge is to hold sports on Boxing Day. A severe hailstorm last week did much damage to the crops in the Young district. Miss Ritchie has removed her registry office to new premises opposite Medlyn's hotel. It is reported that the popular Constable Tait, of Fifield, is about to be removed to Koorawatha. Mr Frank F. Ford, accountant of the Orange branch of the A.J.S. Bank, has been transferred to head office. Holders of mineral leases are reminded that their rents for the year 1900 will fall due on the 30th instant. Wheat crops about the Canoblas look splendid—equally as good as those in Molong, Cudal and Cumnock districts. Our Forbes contemporaries refer in terms of eulogy to Mr H. H. Cooke's appointment to the Parkes Land Board. The Commons Trust met at the close of the Council meeting on Monday night and drew up a new code of by-laws. The Condobolin Council is moving in the matter of establishing a Quarter Sessions and District Court there. During the absence of Dr E. P. McDonnell in the Transvaal, Dr. S. C. Watkins will take charge of his Forbes practice. Do you want a hat for your boy ? You can't do better than go to the Premier House. Straw hats from 6d, all sizes, sailors or boaters.—0 On Sunday, the body of a man named William Jewell, in an advanced state of decomposition was discovered in a house near the Bathurst gaol. A public meeting, to form a local branch of the New South Wales Patriotic Fund, is to be held at the Parkes Council Chambers on Friday (this) evening. Owing to the splendid rainfall over the Belabula and Cowra districts last week, the Lachlan was running over both weirs at Forbes —a 6ft rise. Parkes Wesleyans have promised to raise five hundred guineas towards the Wesleyan Century Commemoration Fund. £175 has already been promised. Some Parkesites are very anxious for the formation of a half-company of Mounted Rifles here, and we hear a couple of our leading townsmen are going to move in the matter. A bowling club, with large mem bership, has been formed at Orange. Being specially made to stand the roughest wear, A. G. F. Bol linger's 25s lever should com mend itself to bushmen of all classes.—0 The Carcoar Progress Society has been re-formed. Mr T. Fitz patrick has been elected president and Mr J. G. Derwin secretary. Dr. Byrne, R.C. Bishop of Bathurst, confirmed 150 candidates at Dubbo last Sunday afternoon. After the ceremony the children took the pledge until 21 years of age. It is probable that a team from the Parkes Fire Brigade will compete at the Bathurst Demonstration on Boxing Day. Wonder if Captain Stenhouse will be a judge? The many friends of Mr Thomas Brown, M.P. (and they certainly are numerous) will regret to learn that he is laid up in Sydney with a severe attack of pneumonia. We trust he will speedily recover. A petition, signed by 25 residents, has been forwarded the Postmaster-General praying that a receiving office be established at Brolgan. The petition is to be presented by Mr. J. B. Reymond, M.P. " Meeisters o' the Kirk" were in strong evidence in Parkes on Tuesday, the Revs. T. D. Evans, Forbes, and G. Keith, Condobolin, being in town in connection with the induction of the Rev. W. F. Brown. For boots and shoes, the ever indispensable articles of footwear, to be had at the lowest possible price at Howard's, the Premier store. Their large stock of boots and shoes to arrive are not subject to the rise.—0 At the Forbes Quarter Sessions, the following newly-appointed Justices of the Peace were sworn, in and congratulated by His Honor Acting - Judge Harris :—Messrs A. T. Robinson, E. H. Johnston, Wm. M. Nash and R. Sterling. Consternation has been caused amongst the miners at the Blayney copper mine by the visitations of a ghost in one of the shafts. The men hear strange noises, bells ringing, sighing, groanings, etc. Six men have left the mine owing to the terror the ghost has inspired. The Rev. Rainsford Bavin, organising secretary of the Wesleyan Century Commemoration Fund, preached in the local Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening. There was a large congregation, and a most eloquent and masterly discourse was delivered. Special singing by the choir was much appreciated. In a eulogistic obituary re death of Mr Edwin Ticehurst (father of Mr. A. Ticehurst, of Parkes) the "Wairarapa Observer" (N.Z.) remarks inter alia: —"By the death of the late Mr. Edwin Ticehurst, at Greytown, which it has recently been our painful duty to chronicle, the colony has lost one of her earliest pioneers of the finest stamp. Mr. Ticehurst possessed an unassertive nature, and much of the good work that he did for his fellow colonists is pretty generally unrecognised, through his retiring disposition which enabled others to take credit for what was really not their doing;" One of the finest watches we have seen for the money has just been imported by Mr A. G. F. Bollinger.—0 Some very nice white muslins for blouses has been opened at the Premier House, white, black and white, and fancies, a choice lot and hard to beat.-—0 At a recent meeting of the committee of the Cowra School of Arts it was resolved that a vote of thanks be tendered the proprietor of the Western Champion for the free supply of that paper to the reading room. In its report of the Military concert at Molong, the " Argus" says :—"Miss Nicholson, who comes with an excellent Parkes reputation, rendered ' Embarrasment' with much expression and was warmly applauded." At the Melbourne wool sales, last week, a portion of the Moura clip was sold at the following prices :—24 bales AAH and w 16d, 45 AHW 15½d, 13 BHW 14½d, 13 A pieces H 14¾d, 4 pieces AW 14½d, 16 pieces BH 12¾d, 6 pieces BW 13½d, 7 pieces C 10d, 5 blls 12½d, 5 Iks 5¾d. The loud ringing of the fire-bell let loose Parkes and his wife (so to speak) into the streets on Friday morning. The cause of the alarm was soon ascertained. The lining of the kitchen of the Occidental Hotel had caught fire. Very little damage was done fortunately. The caretaker of the Show Ground has received instructions to prosecute anyone found trespassing upon the grounds without respect to persons, and parents are cautioned to see that their children do not encroach within the enclosure. Portion of Mr C. S. McPhillamy's Kadina clip was offered by the Co-Operative Wool and Produce Co. last week, when the following prices were realised:—Nine bales of first clo. brought 16½d, 14 bales of first comb 16d, 39 bales of h.w.e 15½d, broken fleece to 15½d, pieces 14d. A couple of youths, on mischief bent, mixed matters generally at Nash and party's claim on Sunday by throwing hide-bags and picks down the shaft, also cutting the rope connecting the air contrivance. It is a pity larrikins like this cannot be caught and their ingenuity rewarded by a good dose of the birch. The organising secretary of the Wesleyan Century Commemoration Fund—the Bev. Rainsford Bavin, addressed a meeting of the Parkes congregation in the school room on Monday evening. He gave a lucid and interesting account of the work of his mission, and at the close of the meeting about £150 towards the fund was promised. In a letter to the Condobolin " Lachlander," Mr E. A. Sykes, captain of the Parkes Fire Brigade, gives Captain Stenhouse the lie direct in re his statement that a Fire Brigade competition was held at Parkes and that he was appointed a judge. Captain Sykes offers to pay £10 to the Condobolin Hospital if Captain Stenhouse can disprove any of the statements in his (Sykes') letter, and several members of the Brigade acknowledge their willingness to do likewise. Captain Stenhouse and the " Lachlander" accused us of deliberate falsehood when we stated that there was no competition. What about our report now? Mr W. E. Bouffler, East Orange Council Clerk, was on Tuesday, at the Cathedral, Bathurst, married to Miss Emily Allman. Wellington Jockey Club programme has been issued. The prize money amounts to £70. Gray's starting machine is to be used. For the small sum of 25s a crystal faced keyless lever with 12 jewels, guaranteed for three years, will be sent, post free, by A. G. F. Bollinger.—0 The railway returns at Molong for the month of October amounted to £1826 4s 11d, as against £749 4s 11d for the corresponding period of last year. Have you seen all the helmets about. They are the most sensible headgear for this climate. The Premier House will fit you with a tip top one for 3s 6d. —0 In its report of last week's wool sales, the Sydney " Wool and Stock Journal" says - The well-known brand, T. Edols and Co. Ltd., from Forbes, a good shafty wool, light in condition, and carefully classed and skirted, commanded the highest figure in the greasy section, 20 bales of the 1st ewes bringing 16d, and 20 bales of the same quality 15¾d. The remains of the racing pony Tory Boy has been found in the mountains, eight miles north-east of Orange. The pony evidently was killed, and then burnt to destroy all means of identification, but sufficient was left to identify him with certainty. Troy Boy was stolen some months ago from a local livery stable near the main street in early evening under sensational circumstances. At the Cumnock Police Court on Wednesday, before Messrs J. L. King, P.M., and W. Black, J.P., Richard Cole was charged with stealing 29 sheep, the property of Hunt Bros., of Obley Station, near Obley. Mr P. Kinna, of Molong, appeared for the accused. After hearing evidence the accused was committed for trial at Dubbo Sessions, to be held on January 29th. Bail was allowed, self in £100 and two sureties of £50 each. The Forbes Mounted Rifles, 25 in number, in charge of Lieutenant Legg, arrived in Parkes about 10.30 on Sunday morning. Shortly after arrival they assembled in the square opposite the Commercial Bank, and then marched four deep down Clarinda-street and into Currajong-street, where some of the number proceeded to the Catholic Church, in charge of Corporal Gilmartin, and the remainder marched to the Anglican Church, in charge of Lieutenant Legg. In the afternoon they assembled again in the square, this time mounted on their steeds, and went through a course of drill, leaving for Forbes at about 3.30. At the conclusion of the business part of the usual weekly meeting of the Good Templar's Lodge on Thursday evening, a concert and coffee supper were held. There was a good attendance of members and friends, and the programme, which was interesting and creditable, was opened by several selections on the Polyphon by Mr. H. Bransgrove, and was as follows : Recitation, Mr A. W. White ; song, Mr W. Sanson ; recitation, Miss Ross ; song, Miss M. Davis ; reading, Mr C. Sturgess; recitation, Mr H. Bransgrove; instrumental duet, Messrs Sanson (banjo), and Shaw (violin); recitation, Mr E. Davis ; recitation, Mr Freeman ; recitation, Mr W. Jones. The closing of the Lodge terminated a very enjoyable evening. 