THE COLONEL'S DREAM.' (A TRUE EPISODE.) BY PERCY CROSS STANDING. L THE TWENTY-THIRD OF DECEM BER, 1841. It is noon of an Afghan winter's day. The hills surrounding thecity of Klioord Kabul are white wibli snow, and in their dazzling whiteness, as tho sun succeeds in breaking through, they present a very beautiful appearance. The dark waters of the Kabul River flow in proximity, impart ing a look of gloom to the whole landscape. On a gentle slope close to the city are gathered a knot of officers wearing the uni form of the t^ueen— save one man, who, conspicuous by reason of his civilian attire, has all the appearance of a diplomab. Ho is, in fact, none other than Sir William Macnaghten, Plenipotentiary from tho Court of Great Britain to the Ameer of Afghanistan. A littlo apart, in charge of a syce, stands a- magnificent Arab charger, which, from it? rich trappings and gener ally ' glossy' appearance, one would think is going to change owners. Such, indeed, is the case. The person for whom this steed is int,onded is striding across the snow, at tended by several Afghan officials, towards the little knot of Europeans. He is a tall, commanding figure, richly dressed and, after the fashion of his countrymen, having an infinity of formidable-looking daggers stuck in his girdle. There is withal n cer tain ring of insincerity -about the tones of this man's voice whon he addresses you, and a certain something that makes his face appear more than sinister when he smiles, that fail to impress one very favourably. Such iy His Highness Ackbar Khan, son of the Dost Mahomed Khan, sometime Ameer of Afghanistan. He greets Sir William cordially though certainly not deferentially, and expresses himself highly delighted with the horse, as well as with a pair of very handsome pistols which Sir William presents to him — yet there is a covert insolence in the expres sion of his thanks, as much as to say, ' I know you are in my power ; I know you are giving mo presents because you would make good terms with me.' And now they proceed to ' palaver.' But the English men, noticing that a number of villainous looking Afghans are drawing near, reminds Ackbar that the conference 'is or should be private, when he repiles in the following extraordinary terms : i ' Their presence can do no harm, as they are all in the seoret.' '? The nature of that secret does not remain long in doubt. At a given signal ihe British officers are seized suddenly i'rom behind, each tied on a horse behind an Afghan trooper.and borne away over the snow ! At first they are all too much as tonished by this gross treachery to speak a word — and, indeed, speaking a word would .=erve no useful purpose— and afterwards -;hey are going at too great a rate to make ?conversation possible. Two of them are carried hastily to a fort near by, another (Lieutenant Trevor), who loses his seat and .falls to tho ground, is despatched by the Tnurderous Ghazis thronging round. The officers' cowardly escort have fled. Sir William Macnaghten has been grasped tby the perfidious Ackbar, and a desperate ir.hough unequal struggle was now waged Jbetween the two men on the ground. It is uncertain to this hour whether Ackbar in tended to kill Sir William, though subse quent events would tend to show that the primo was premeditated. Be that as it tray, we will assume that in the fury of ohe moment Ackbar did not realise what he was doing. Drawing a pistol — irony of tfate ! it was one of the beautiful little weapons with which the envoy had just presented him — the miscreant shob Sir William dead. Those who saw the deed done never to their dying day forgot the iook of wondering horror that distorted tho .Cnpjliehinan's face as he was struck down. ?The only words ho was heard to utter were, ' Az barae Khoda ' (For God's sake !). Sir VV. Macnaghten has been blamed for /eposing any confidence in such a man as iAckbar Khan. But Sir William was noth 5ng if not an English gentleman ; it was part of his nuiuro to trust people implicit - 3y, and he paid the penalty. His lifeless body was mutilated by Ack jbar's barbarous followers, the head being taken into the city, and with a barbarous refinement of cruelty, shown to Captain Cotiolly, an English prisoner. And so the fatal 23rd of December, 1841, jiassed into history. II. - AT JELALABAD : THE COLONEL'S STORY. Tho scene is changed. We are stilt in Afghanistan, and it is the. evening of a festival known to the English- speaking race as Boxing Day — as is'; evidenced by the attempts at decorabion,'and by the little crowd of gay subalterns seated around a blazing fire in the officers' mess-room at Jelalabad. For we are now inside of that historic fortress, which is unpleasantly ' threatened ' by the wily Afghans. It is a few days after the tragic event just re corded, and it is that fact which imparts « .grave tinge to the young officers' conversa tion to-night. But it is impossible for them — particularly in war time— to remain grave for very long, and a heartly lau»h is ring ing through the room when the dnor opons to admit a sijldierly-looking figure, attired in ihe undress uniform of an infantry regi ment. This is Colonel Dennie, of the 1 3th — approved soldier, and one borii to cope with grave crises. He is in a very abstracted mood just now, in no humour for badinage, and he says not a word as room is made for him within.the cirole that' surrounds tho fire. ' Why is this thus, Colonel ?' asks one young fellow, adopting that air of well bred familiarity assumed by 'subs.' towards their chiefs when not on duty. ' Yo i seem quite ' off colour ' this even ing.' . — ',-Yee,- Courtney, -and I ?&«!? ' oS- colour, as you so elegantly express it,' says Colonel Dennie ; ' the fact is 1 have had a dream - an ominous dream — and one which I cannot forgot.' Ho is inptantly assailed with a chorus of shonts. ' A dream, Colonel ? A dream? We mnsb hear it, to none of your shirking. We've hfcd a ghost story,, and we must certainly have your dream! On Boxing night too— come, fire away.' Thus pressed,. he has to givo 'way. and ??if - he says, smilingly, ' Well, gentlemen, it iB soon told. . 1 dreamed that Kabul had been evacuated, and that for aimc little time wo had been without definite tidings of the garrison. Then one day, when all the hills were covercd with snow ns they aro now (only more so), wo heard that a single horse man was in flight, coming slowly, and (apparently) painfully towards tho place. Well, you fellows all flocked on to the out works, as you aro accustomed to do on the slightest provocation, and brought your glasses to bear upon the unfortunate man. As he slowly enunciated the word 'glasses,' the Colonel meditatively refreshed himself by taking a long pull from a glass of something hot that stood at his elbow, and, drawing a deep breath, continued : ' I can see the man of my dream now, though I cannot distinctly ro-call his features. He was vory pale and blood stained, and grasped tightly in his right hand a broken sword— in fact, was so cover ed with wounds that he could scarce keep his saddle. His horse, too, was wounded, and bore all the marks of hard riding.' ' Here the irrepressible one of the party takes advantage of a brief hiatus in the Colonel's recital to ask — ' What colour was he, Colonel ?' ' Who, the man or the horse 1' returns Dennie, smiling. ' The horse appeared to be of a brown colour, and both man and beast seemed in such a groggy condition that I thought — and it was all so real— I sent a party to bring them in. But here comes in the most impressive part of my dream, or at all events the part that has impressed me most. When we had suc ceeded in bringing the man round, it was elicited from him that of all the fine army commanded by General Elphinstone at Kabul a few months before he was the sole survivor— that our troops had evacuated the city in the depth of 'winter, had been surprised in the passes by the treacherous Ghazis, and had all been destroyed save this one man.' The nature of this story in conjunction with the Colonel's way of telling ib, had some effect upon his hearers, albeit the ir repressible was understood to remark, in muffled tones, that it was ' a nice thing to givo a feller the horrors at Christinas time.' ' But what conclusions do you deduce from the dream yourself ?' inquired Courtney. ' I have an impression bhab ib was mo-e Lhan a dream, that it was a revelation,' replied Colonel Dennie, thoughtfully. *' I believe the Kabul Army will be de stroyed to one man, and that he will come to us bo bell bhe bale.' III. THE DREAM PARTLY REALISED. In 1837, bhe Indian Governmenb of the day, attracted by the movements of cerbain supposed Russian spies in the gpunbry westward of the Indus, had opened nego tiations with Dost Mahomed, the Ameer ol Kabul, wibh a view bo counteracting the Muscovite plans. The Dost, who was in reality a mosb unscrupulous and crafby fellow, had recenbly possessed himself of the government by driving out bhe ruling monarch, Shah Sujah. Finding that the Dost declined to come to terms, the British decided to aid bhe exiled Shah Sujah in a debermined effort to regain his lost throne. Now, Dost Mahomed had at Kabul some fourteen thousand troops, while his brothers held the scarcely less important city of Kandahar wibh other four thousand. Tbe British opposed to these a powerful force, styling it ' The Army of the Indus,' and giving the command to Major-General Sir John Keane. This army numbered in alt some 40,000 strong, and as a large propor tion of these were Europeans, Kabul was quickly captured, the Dost forced to flee, and Shah Sujah re-established on the throne of his ancestors. Having accom plished its mission and proclaimed a pro tectorate over the country our army then withdrew, merely.leaving a contingent be hind to support bhe Ameer. Dost Mahomed had submitted, ib is true, but he was ' scotched,' not killed, whilst the minor chieftains, headed by his hopeful off spring Ackbar, were eager for a renewal of hostilities. These events occurred during 1839-10, and on November 2nd. 1841, a sudden terrible outbreak took place in the Afghan capital, culminating in the brutal assassination of Sir Alexander Burnes and other English officers. Shah Sujah proved perfectly incapable to grapple with a great crisis, and sat help less in his palace, while his very bodyguard deserted to Dost Mahomed. The British garrison at Kabul was commanded by Major-General Elphinstone, who for his part showed himself utterly inadequate to act wibh anv degree of firmness, and whose dread of Afghan breachery led hiip to meta phorically bow bhe knee before Dost Mahomed. As it turned out, his half hearted negotiations were interrupted by the terrihle murder of Sir William Mac naghten, and afterwards bhe Dost proposed conditions— humiliating enough in them sevles -for the evacuation of Kabul by its British garrison. These terms included the surrender of all artillery, spare arms, and treasure, and the giving up of all married officers, with the'r families, aa hoptages. This lasb degrading condition was not carried out, because ib could not be en forced ; but eventually ib ended in Lady Sale and other ladies being left in bhe enemy's hands. The New Year of 1842 had arrived, and on January 6bh our unfortunate people, to the number of 4,500 fighting men, and 12,000 camp followers, marched oub of Kabul. Their way led through the sombre mountain passes, which by this time pre sented a magnificent, yet terrible picture. Vast piles of snow, of dazzling whiteness, upheaved aguinst a cold blue sky, whilst tho atmosphere was so cruelly keen that clothing seemed hardly a protection. It was noticeable at the outset that the promised safeguard for the passage of our troops through the country was not forthcoming, and what bhis porbended was quickly per ceived in bhe large, suggestive-looking bands of Ghazees and other robbers who flocked around and hung upon W?e. .out- skirts of the tiny' army. A repetition of Napoleon's retreat from Moscow, on a smaller scale, was in store 'for our poor follows. The power and treachery ot tho villain ous Ackbar, like a hydra-headed monster, were apparent at every turn. First occurred bhe deserbion bo the enemy of one of the native rogiments — a. sufficiently ominous sign — aud the close of the first di.y's march left hundreds of bhe wretched camp-followers, men, women, and children-, ? ' V: ' ' ???' ? ' '' '-:!i . ?. ?V-'rrfr' .v.1-; lying frozon on tho ground. Anon the enow became so deep that the horses could not drag the gunH. and several piocea were accordingly spiked and abandoned. Other pieces wore all but lost in a sudden on slaught by the enemy's cavalry, and these guns, too, had ultimately to be loft. Hordes of plunderers hung about tho rear of our force, murdering Lieutenant Hardy man and fifty sowars of the 5th Cavalry, until gradually the British lost all sem blance of cohesion and ceased to resemble an army. The horror of the scene was heightened by the glare of a great con flagration, Kabul having been set on fire in several places by Ackbar and his friends. General Elphinstone had blundered al ready, but the egregious error that he now committed surpassed anything he had yet been guilty of. Ackbar; with a refinement of feeling woll worthy tho murtlcror of Sir William Macnaghten, had conceived the diabolical idea of decoying the retreating force into the Khoord-lCabul Pass, that fearful gorge, five miles in length, so narrow that the rays of the sun are unable to penetrate its depths, and through which flows a rapid torrent that is crossed by bhe slippery, stony path no fewer than twenty eight times. With this plot in hismind Ack bar. at the head of six hundred horsemen, made haste to overtake the English , and pre sented himself before Elphinstone with the lying statement that he had been appointed to safeguard them through the passe3, and at the same time to demand hostages for the evacuation of the fortress of Jelalabad (where Sir Robert Sale was commandant) If these hostages wore refused, he was to detain tho force, but furnish it with sup plies. As the Afghan's determination manifestly was to destroy the entire force, Elphinstone should have indignantly spurned the proffered terms, and continued the retreat of his troops with all speed ; instead of which he weakly gave up three gallant officers as ' hostages,' and again endeavoured to make terms. Ackbar's end was achieved, however ; the line'of retreat lay through the defiles of the Khoord-Kabul. The disordered mob — I can term it nothing else— pressed wildly on through bho pass, whose heights wore lined by bands of the enemy, pouring down a relentless fusilade. And it must be borne in mind that delicate ladies, sometimes bearing infants in their arms, were mixed up in that seething mass, having to run the gaunbleb of rifles thab carried death at a thousand yards. January 9th found the remnant of our people through the pass, bub in what a condition I Reduced to less than fivo hun dred Europeans, with a flock of frightened camp-followers, there were few murmurers when Elphinstone called another of those fatal halts. The presence of Ackbar in their midst enhanced the irony of the situa tion, and his continued demand for the surrender of the married officers and their families was at length complied with. Yet bho rear-guurd retained strength sufficient to beat off two very severe attacks. But a master-stroke of treachery now enabled Ackbar, by inviting General Elphinstone. Brigadier Shilton, and Captain Johnstone to a conference, to get those officers into his power. To do ttieni justice, they svere so far forgetful of self as to implore him to preserve the lives of the few survivors by staying the hands of hia followers. He was as usual profuse in his promises, stating that he would engage his father-in-law (a powerful and equally unBcrupulmi? chief tain) by the payment of two lacs of rupees, to pilot the unhappy creatures through the country. The money was accordingly ex torted. Ackbar returned ab evening with the announcement that he had carrietf out his part of the contract ; buteven ashe spoke the roar of musketry in bhe distance gave the lie to bhe villain's words. ' Tel pero, tel fils and Ackbar and his worthy sire, having pocketed the rupees and got the per sons of the officers and ladies into their possession, had deliberately barricaded the Yugdulluk Pass with trees, lined it with riflemen, and left the infidel dogs to their fate, what time bneii General sat hopelessly in the enemy's camp, a prisoner. Brought to bay once more, the handful of British fought desperately, and taught their cowardly assailants a severe lesson, Here, however, fell Anquetil, Chambers, Browne, and other brave men. But why dwell upon this scene ? By a wretched combination of incompetence and timidity on bhe part of the British commander of un paralleled treachery and double-dealing— certainly not of skill in battle — on bhe part of the Afghans, Elphinstone's army of the Indus, which had left Kabul numbering 16,500 of all ranks, waB in the brief space of a week, destroyed off the face of the earth I i 