OUT OF A UBYRINTff. — - * ? - CHAPTER XXX. j CARNBS TELLS HIS STORY. ? ' Possibly I may be both fool and med dler,' I replied, in a lone so Biern that it, seemed to arrest ber attention, and im . press her with the fact that I was neither , trifling nor to be trifled with. ' : ' Bui I am something else, and I know; more of you, young lady, and of your past! career than you would care to -have me! know. Perhaps you may never have; *** beard of Michael Caroes, the detective,! but there are others who have made his acquaintance' Now, all this was random firing, but I acted on the knowledge (bat niuu-.euilis of the women who are professional ad venturers, have in their, past something either criminal or disgraceful to conceal, and. on the possibility that Miss Amy Holmes might not belong lo the excep tional few. The shot told. 1 saw it in the sudden' blanching of her cheek, in the startled look that met mine for just an instant. If there were nothing else to conceal, 1; hink she would have defied me and, flouted at my efforts to extract information on the subject of the Groveland mystery. : But I had touched at a more vulnerable point. If I could now convince her that I knew her pas: career, the rest would be easy, * , ; . It was a delicate undertaking. I might 6ay too much, or too little, but I must press the advantage 1 had gained. Her attention was secured. Her curiosity was aroused. There was a shade of ar xiely on ber face. ' Drawing a chair opposite ber, and seating myself, I fixed my eyes upon her face, aod. addressed her in a tone half stern, half confidential : 1 You are a plucky girl,' I began, ' and I admire you for that ; and when I . tell you that I have followed you, or tracked you from the North, through Ambra, through Grovelaod, down to the Little Adelpni you will perhaps conjecture that I do not intend to be balked or evaded, even by so smart a little lady as you have 'proved yourself. ' I bear you no personal ill. will, and I much dislike to persecute a woman, even when she has been guilty of— , I paused, she made a restless movement, and a look of pain flitted across her face. ''Perhaps we may be able to avoid de tails,' I said, Blowly. 'I will let. you de cide that.' - . . - How ?' with a gasp of relief or surprise, 1 could hardly guess. which, c 'Listen. Some time ago two girls dis appeared from a little northern community and I was one of the detectives employed ' to find them. I need not go into details since you know so much about the case. In the course of the investigation, , we. in „ quired pretty closely into the character of tne company kept by those two: young ladies, and learned that a Miss Amy Holmes, had been a schoolmate of the missing girls. ' 1 Afterward, this Miss Amy Holmes and a Miss Grace Ballou, made an attempt to \- escape from the Ballou farm house. Tne scheme was in part frustrated, but Amy Holmes escaped, Mrs. Ballou furnished us with a photo of Miss Amy Holmes, and when I sa w it 1 knew it.1 I Ah !' This time it was an interjection of unmistakeabfe terror. It gave me my cue. I 1 knew it for the picture of a young woman who had— committed — a crime. The face was that of a young woman who would bo well received at police quarters, and Isaid lo myself I will now find tbis .young person who calls herself Amy Holmes,'.. , --.-.-. ' I A look ol sullen resolution was settling upoD ber face. She sat befora me with her eyes fixed opon the carpet r and her lips tightly closed. ' ' ' I have found.her/- 1 continued, merci lessly. ' And now — shall I take you back ? with me, a prisoner, and hand you over to the officers of the law, or will you answer truthfully such questions as I sball put to you, and go away from- this bouse a fr.ee woman ?'? ?' . She was so absorbed by her own terror, or overshadowed by- some ghost of the past, that she seemed to take no note of my interest in the Groveland business, except as it had been an incidental aid in hunting her down. . ? ? , 'Do you think I would trust you,1 she said, with a last eftort at defhnce. 'You want to try and make me testify against myself.' - ' You mistake, Or you do not under stand. I am at present working in the interest of the Groveland case. My dis covery of you was an accident, and my knowledge concerning you I am using* a; a means toward the elucidation of the mystery' surrounding the movements -'of Mamie Futger arid Nellie Ewing. '??-. ' Mamie Ruigtr.I.saw last night at ihf Little AdtJpbii Nellie Ewing is no doubi , wi.hin.reachp Im'glit find them both with out your assistance. It would only require a little more tims and.a.liitle more trouble; but time just now is precious, I bave.other business which, dtmands my attention! al the north. Tberefoie, I say, tejl me Va'K that you know concerning these' two girlf —all, mind. ;U you omit one necessary detail, if you fabricaie in one .particular, 1 shall know if. Answer allmy questions truthfully. I shall only ask such as con cern your knowli;dee or connection with '? this G'oviJaod aflair. If you do (Fib you h»ye no'hing to fear from rnv If you re fuse,you are my prisoner.. 'You cpmprr. h--nd me ?' .*???? She eyed me sceptics ly. 1 How do 1 know that youM let me er, afierall?' she said. ' You have my promise, and lama man of my word. You s re a woman and I don't want to arreBt you. If you were a man I should not oiler you a chance for escape. Do as' I wish and you are free, and if you need assistance you shall have it. You . must choose at once; time presses.' She hesitated a moment and then said: 'I may as well tell you about the girls, a' you seem to know so mucb, and — I can'; be arrested for that.' ? Very well I Tell your story, theD, truly ?nd without omissions.' CHAPTER XXXI, AMY HOLMES CONFESSBS.( 1 You say that you have seen Mamie Rutger at the theatre,' being the unwilling narrator, rather ungraciously, ' and so I should think you. wouldn't need to be told why she .ran away from home. She wanted to go on the stage, and so did Nelly. Ewing* Every country girl in Christendom wants to be an actress, and if she. has a pretty face and a decent voice she . feels sure she can succeed 1 The girls had both been told that I hey were pretty, and the ycbuld both sing, so they ran away to come out at the Little Adelphu .W-; -A i/w^'^/ V- ?'.- ,.'V Mamie took to the business like ajiuck to water. Nellie got sick and blue and whimsical, and has not appeared at the theaire for several weeks. -*They Jlive at 349 B— ~ ; place.'s ' hWv.-. :''VN\ ? I made a note of the address, aad then said :m ,'*?_' '... ,;, . ' ; . . ? ' Wellj'proceedi' '-'?''? ?'-.%.:'??'['? .'??/' ';'?'.? ' Proceed ,l.;what more do you want to kno mtUl rh'a v.e ,tbld you- why. they ran away aad where to'findtriem.Vn ???: t.-yv .-??? ,; This was too much. My wrath must hive manifested itself in. face and voice, for shBswinced^under my. gaze and mide uo further attempt to baffle or evade me. 1 I want to know who devised the vil lainous plot to allure two innocent, girls away from home and friends, Who set you on as deqpy and temptress^and what reward did you receive P There are men, or Fcouadrels, coaoected with this affair; who are they ? and what meanphave they used to bring about such a misfortune to the girls . and their friends. 'Tell the truth, and remember what I have said. If you evade, omit or equivocate, I shall know, it.' (To be continued,) 