IN THE DABS. BY ESME STUART, Author of ."Sara's Mother," "In His Grasp," "An Inscrutable Mystery," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXH.—EVENTS WHICH CAST SHADOWS. A change had come over the life which Denis had been living up till now. He had c-hafed against his sham liberty, and he had asked to be left alone, but now he was in truth a solitary prisoner in his rooms. The third room was no longer free to him, for it was locked. What was still stranger, Durand no longer guarded him. Thursday had come and he had spent the whole day alone. At first he had been overjoyed at the absence of Durand and his hateful humming, but solitude palls when there is too much of it. By degrees, too, his brain became less irritable, because no longer chafed by Durand's presence. Twice a day the door of the room ivas opened, and a man he had not seen before brought hi-m his food, but he did not even answer when spoken to. Friday dawned a hot, weary day; the air felt full of tjhunder, but no storm came to relieve the feeiine of oppression. Denis had ample time to think out his present situation, and to waste usdess regret about his meeting with Violet. He could think now, for his mind became clearer, and as he sat for long hours in a small armchair he experienced a strange sensation as if his mental and bodily personalities became separabla and distinct. His mind appeared to struggle with the fleshly impediment, and gradually to free itself from its trammels. Then gradually it appeared to him as if he were soaring inio another region. That part of him which was spirii at home in England, going round the old home, calling on his patients, and visiting the workhouse infirmary. He even thought that he was carrying flowers to the sick child whose days he knew were numbered. He saw her plainly: she had altered much since his "last sight of her, and she looked reproachfully at him, saying:—"You promised to come back." The effort he made to speak to her broke the spell and recalled him to his prison house. Gradually he became calm, but again and again the process was repeated. This time he went to Maison d'Or. He wanted to see Luc-ia. Was she there? Yes, in the old place, but now her face was bowed over her hands, and she was crying bitterly. He came near her—wished to know the reason of her grief, but: she only motioned him away. "Lucia, Lucia," he called softly, and she locked up and he knew her see-et. She loved him. He recoiled. "How can I save you," she said. "I have worked in vain. Vou must die, the. money is not found." "I must die," he repeated, "but Violet, must I leave her'/ Save yourself, Lucia, leave these people, leave all and come." "With you?" she asked, looking into his eyes, and he turned away. Again he saw her bowed down with grief, again he called •"Lucia." She looked up, a new light in li er ey es Never had he seen her so beau- Sful. "Yes, with me," he said; "J owe you my life, I owe you everything. Violet will forgive." Then he saw the look of almost transcendant love pass slowly away, and he saw her now as pale as a corpse. He touched her. She was cold. "Lucia!" She shook her head and murmured "Violet." He struggled and again started up to find himself once more in his small dull chamber alone, quite alone. "1 have slept," he said, starting up, but trembling from mental agony. It was a dream. "I must- go to her, it is false." Even as he said this aloud he felt that it was true. Lucia loved him. The horror of this mental agitation roused him, and lie paced his narrow room for a long time, till, from sheer weariness, he sat down again, and took up a book to try and dispel these waking dreams. What a terrible Friday. As long as he lived he should never forget it. Gradually the sun sank, but there was no relief from the heat. Not a breath stirred. It recalled to him the night at Venice, How long ago that appeared to him. He bad lived ten lives since then. Ten! Good God! Twenty, a hundred! He began even to wish for Durand's return. Where was be? A painful feeling came over him that the meshes were being drawn tighter, and that the end was approaching. The end— the end of what? His life? Death could at least blot out all suffering and all shame. If only he might clear his name before the eternal darkness dosed upon him. At last his evening meal was brought to him, and he exclaimed— "Where is M. Durand? I want to go out; 1 wish to see the signorina." Had he spoken to the table and chairs he could not have received less answer. The man disappeared. The door was locked again, he was alone, bat never, even at Venice, hjd he experienced this sensation of possessing two separate lives, one striving to supplant the other. He dared not mention Lucia's name, even to himself; the verv word seemed to transport him to that hateful, beautiful garden, and to make him see her there, keeping solitary watch, and crying in silence. Watch—yes, she was keeping watch, bat what for? "Something is going to happen, and Lucia is mixed np in it," he said. "I know it as well as if it were told me-—I who have all my life scoffed at the higher mysteries of the mind. I know that Lncia is there, just as I have seen her, end that she looks as she does in my mental picture. I must break this prison door; I must go to her. She has done all she can for me—and I—I have merely reviled her." The darkness came creeping on, loath to intrude upon joyful daybgbt and sniffing twilight, but still the heat continued. T3ie quivering brought no coolness, and the thousand artificial eyes of light only added their burning glances to the already scorched atmosphere. Again Denis looked ai the pavement beneath his window. Should be attempt to escape in this way? Had Violet gone aw»y in despair and anger, <or was ehe still in Paris ready to .be confronted -with, his mangled corpse if he were killed in this attempt? No, this would be cowardly, useless. He must be a man until Monday at 12 o'clock. "On Monday I shall be free, free, and these heQ torments will be over." Bat what would his freedom bring him? Scorn, surprise, doubt, and suspicion on the part of those to whom he would not he able to explain his disappearance. Would life be much worth having on such conditions? Most likely his cousin would refnso to reinstate him without first upllfiig from him a full explanation, and that explanation it would be impossible for htm to give! Night came at last. Night, which, since the time when nmnring and evening were the first day, has been a mystery to all created things. A daily dying, and yet daily promise of resurrection. Night came, and Denis, full of a nameless horror which appeared to him the worst of his many sufferings, threw himself OZL his TED, too weary to oppose his will to his imagination. Bat that night. He who made man so complex that for thousands of years no being has yet unraveBed the thousand th part of the mystery of life, ocomgit Denes face to face with a sccret of the fimnan mechanism which no scientist, howewer clerver, has yet been able to explain. Denis slept. Was 'ft deep, or did his spirit wander from its temporary home? Once again be was in the gaiden of Maison d'Or. No Lucia -was there, but bright moonlight flooded the {dace, tropical moonlight, each as Denis had read of bat neper seen, a light which could be almost felt, so penetrating was Denis looked roend, and everything looked different, nothing was altered. The Arabs seemed to be alive, the walks listened like silver, bat there was one avenoe of tall shrubs where tins startling moonlight did not penetrate. Denis paased and hard the tramp of a regular footfall np and down, np and down. Denis found listening to this slow tramping with on intense tension of nerves—a tenfion to a nervous agony of fear, so that, he felt the beads of perspiration on his forehead. Tramp, tramp; would tbe walker ever appear? Denis knew perfectly well the sound; he had heard it in his present sitting-room, only that one bar of TJS. Donna e Mobile was "Kaatiog to make it mnmatakaible. Tramp, tramp, nearer ami nearer, then suddenly, is the full moonlight the walker stepped forth. It -was Durand, and yet how altered. Ibe face was aa white as tne moonlight—he seemed to be the ghost of the living man, not the man himself. Without saying a word Durand beckoned, and Denis felt bound to follow. He tried to speak, but his lips refused to move, and still Durand beckoned. With the horror stall upon him Denis stepped into the shade of the shrubbery, in the middle of it Durand paused, turned into the bushes, and pointed to the ground. "look," he said. Denis looked, but saw nothing but darkness. "Look," repeated Durand, "the double circle," and Denis, stooping still lower, noticed an old tree stomp covered over with ivy. Durand pushed away the ivy and revealed a double circle, formed by the bark and the light wood within. "So it is true," said Denis, overjoyed; but, at that instant, on looking closer, the dsutfte circle changed into a man's fact. Then Denis saw the whole figure, and trom the prostrate figure came a slow stentorian breathing, as of some one in a death agony. With a cry of horror Denis struggled to nis feet, exclaiming "Save him," for he had recognised the face. This effort woke him, and he found himself in. the small armchair, his hands clenching its sides and the perspiration pouring down his face. He smarted up filled with inexpressible horror. Was it only a dream? Only a dream. Was this possible? It had all been so intensely real, so vivid, The double cirdle, An koine Dorville's face, and that loud painfal breathing. "Is this only a dream? Is it a warning?" he asked hiirigpif as he plunged his head into cold water to restore his composure. "I, who have never believed in such things; I, who spoke of science above all these womanish dreams and superstitions. If this is a mere dream, then dreams may be made to torture. That circle, the moonlight, th» man. I must go, I must see for myself that it is false." It was all very well saying "must," but Denis was doubty a prisoner. 'Without violating his oath be could not stir; he could not get out, and he saw no one. He must wait till Durand came in. He began to piece ail the tiny facts together. His close imprisonment, Lucia's words about Maisoa d'Or, all these pointed to a. mystery—and a tragedy. Antoine Dorville was doomed, and he, Denis Courthouse, knew it; he felt sure of this, and yet he could do nothing. Nothing? He most do something. Was not the knowledge that a crime would be committed participating m it? Would he now be made a murderer as well as a conspirator, in spite of himself and his free will? There must be some way out of this awful predicament. Better death than that. Better end his wretched existence than live on feeding.that, he aigiit have done something, and. did nothing. His early ambitions, his grand ideas, all flashed back upon him. Were they all to end in this, in being the slaves of circumstances, the slaves of an extorted oath? No, no; he would, straggle for the right, even it the struggle cost him his 'tie. Cost him his life! Ah, life is pleasant, even to the helpless invalid, but lite to a young man who has just begun to dimb" the "ladder of life, who has endless possibilities before him, and who loves and believes he is loved in return, for such a one to give up life voluntarily is not easy. The soldier does it when he goes into battle, but he knows that he dies tor his country, and his name will be remembered with honour. Denis would have to sacrifice himelf for a man who was a foreigner, and for whom he cared no more than he did for an unknown Chinaman. His reward would be—nothing. No one would know, no one would understand what prompted him, and no one would clear his name from its present blight* It was hard. A struggle of rig^tt against wrong, between the man and his soul, between the soul and its God —God, who has planted all noble ideals in man's heart. But then neither was it easy to see what was right and what was wrong! He had given his word of honour to obey, and not to communicate with'any of his friends. Was a man ever justified in breaking his word, and was not his first duty to keep his o«wn honour unsullied before interfering with what was no concern of his? The night wore on. The dawn crept slowly forward. Saturday morning broke over the sultry, gav city, and found Denis still alone, and still torn conflicting thoughts. (To be continued on Monday.) 