ALONE AMONG THIEVES; OB, " THEPER1L8 OF A NIGHT. fAit Rnnm Rssnm».) f GW spota for a traveller are more interest- " insr or worthy o! heincr visited than the New Forest. To those nook- inc health ib wflords an invigorating atmosphere, and to the lover of the pioturesque, the finest scenery that can be imagined. There is a happy admixture of wild woodland, hoathe and wildernesses (whore there is no brace ;ol man) with highly cultivated and beaubi- 'tnl patchee, forming the mosb delightful contrasts that can well be imagined. It is many years ago now since I was in the locality, and the adventures I thore oncountcred I do not suppose I shall over forget. I waa young, thoughtless and wil iul, with a very fair income and my profes- eion, that of an artist, followed moro for pleasure than proiit. After wandering about Hampshire for a fortnight or more, 1 loft Ringwood with a determination to penetrate into the wild districts. I was seized with a spirit of unrost and could hot boar to remain long in one place. I could not efface from my memory one happy morning on the sonde at Bournemouth, und my meoting with a young girl, who, a book in hand, had, in answer to my query, " If 1 had not seen her some weoki previous, In London ? " with a slight smllo, murmured, " Yes." She was a pretty girl, with a wealth of dark brown hair, that in the sunshine (for her hat lay at her feet on the sands) shone with threads of gold. I hod noticed with surprise that 'her bright bluo eyes were cast nervously around, and as she in trombling accents bade me leave, I had of course moved away j but though wandorlng day after day to the eands, In hopes of again moot ing with my divinity, I'saw her no more, and was now sad, woroeo, and woebogone, travelling the country alone, for a London acquaintance who had been spending a few days with me bad roturnod to town. Roving heedlessly on through tho wildost woods that came In my way, 1 had entered agtade or ravine, when the distant rumb ling of thunder warned mo that a storm was at hand. Tho morning had been beautiful, and tho afternoon, although occasionally ovorensb, had remained fine, but the woods now be coming very dark and a few raindrops pat- taring' on the loaves caused me to hurry on. My position now was not a pleasant one. I was in tho midst of a dense forest, with out any guide, quite unncquuinted with the road/nud unaware if there was any plaee of shelter within miles of me. For some min utes after a second poal of thunder had died away there was a perfocb culm ; ib was one of tiiose pauses in a tempest wbioh precede the grander oonfilot. But suddenly the alienee that relgnod around me was broken by the barking of a dog. Cheered by the welcome sound I sped on with reuewed vigour, and just os (ho storm burst 'forth in full fury, I saw, in a hollow about a hun dred yards from me, a solitary habitation just pooping out from 1 1 to foliage. t"j I presently roaobed this, but not treioro I was drenched bo tho skin, und finding the door on the latch I unhesitatingly pushed it open and found myaolf in a toiorably large and remarkably oioan apartment. The dog whose barking had attraotod my notioe I dieoovered was one of tho iomates, for' no soonor had I lifted the latch than I heard a snappish bark, accompanied by a voice," orying, " Down Boler I down sir." In the chimney corner boside a' waning . wood fire, I now beheld a bowed and crip- pled old woman who sab shaking with ftj palsy, and who soemod to havo been dozing t'' or sloeping until my entrance disturbed boy. 44 Who are you ? What do you wont ! " she quoried ohurllshly. " 1 am a stranger," IropUed. "Have lost my way in the forest and am prepared, Uyou will permit me, bo pav for-ahy little accommodation I may reoeive." 11 Well, you may stop, though as a rule we don't care for vlaltore ; this is not an Inn I " mumbled the old crone, but desnite ' her surly and ungracious reception, I pre ferred to . remain under shelter than brave tho storm that was roiling and raging with- I had hardly sank into aoeat beforo, with an exclamation of bowilderod surprise, I started up again as my gill ot \\\he sands at Bournemouth! having desconded w flight of stairs that led up to a room overhead, now glided into the apartment ; her blue eyes, distonded wide, stared upon mo with as muoh terror deplctted upon her features m though I were a ghost, " Ruth Ralneforth ! This is a dolightful surprise f Believe me, however, I had no oonception when seeking shelter from tho tempest, that I should bohold you here." With a frown, and her fingers to her lips, tbe young girl, stepping forward and plsc- , _ ing hot band upon my arm, was about to spook, when the door was thrust violently open, a man apuearing upun th« threshold. The stranger starting baok as he caught , eight of me, thon oddrossed the trembling \- girl, who, in answer to his enquiries, ex- claimed i - " This la a gontleman who was caught in the storm," thon, turning to me. added. m This is my brother." 44 Thcv'vo met before, Dan. The young spark recognised. Ruth as she came down- stairs. I'm not blind or deaf, though I'm / old 1 " said tho surly old crone. 41 Is this so ? Do you know my sister, sir 1 " said the man, in a rather conciliating tone than otherwise, upon noting "which 1 at once hastened to explain how I hud mob Ruth, first at Drury Lane Theatre, and then again a few weeks Wore on the sands nt Bournemouth. , "Well, the world large, but we do come across one another strangely nt times, and as you nro here, my young friend, hero you had best stop until tho morrow. There's not another house within three miles, and you'd never find your way through the forest on a fine night, leave alone during suck a storm that's raging ' . . now. Ruth, go to your chamber ; and you, s ypung muu, draw nenror the fire, and mako yourself at home." The man hers, with a smile, handed men chair, and his sister _ \ having paused by the stairs, be started for- ward and, rather to my surprise, end I lUitxmsb add diegusb, unceremoniously thrust <jj|r out el tht AparfBc&L; The brother a laD, powerfalty-builb man Uh a dogged), but nob unhandsome countenance ; his age I might have been about thirty, bat in spite of the strong likeness to bis pretty sister, for whom I bad conceived aueh a penchant, there was something about hia-I didn't like. After a time he drew beside me up to the firo, and, a bottle of old French brandy being producod, he procecdod to mix somo punch, whioh be offered to me, aod of which I gladly partook. As I was fatigued with my day's exer tions, after having indulged In three or four glassfuls of punch, and a pipe, I Inti mated my desire to retire, and my host, lighting a candle himself, led the way to a email hot comfortable room upstairs. Thus, to my Intense ohagrin,I saw no moro of tho pretty Rabb, for whom my passion was now Intensified. Sitting up and listening to the howling storm, tho ohrloking of the wind through the brooches of the -trees, and every now and again a crashing peal of thunder, sleep for mo was ont of the question, and, as I sat thore alone, I presently became norvous and uneasy, and wished myself, I know not why, safe in the apartment of a com modious and peopled hostel instead of that tiny chamber in tbolone tenement, that I bad been informed by Its inhabitant was a good three miles from any other house. Repeatedly I asked myself what was the cause that led to tho alarm expressed in the features of Ruth, and why bad the man, her brother so detenninabely«pub her out of the room without allowing a word to pass between us. Thinkiogof all this, I must hsve been slttiog up an hour or mora when I was suddenly startled, as-I saw the door of o cupboard lo the corner of tho room' gradually gliding open as though proseed outwards by someone with in. The storm now quite ovor< a broad ray of moonlight throw a palo, silvery glsro into the apartment, and as I, with a shud der, gazed at the slowly opening door, to my horror the figure of a man appoared, gliding, as it were, from the oupboard, but In reality the body bent suddenly forward, coming, in a momont, with a dull dab upon the floor. Face downwards there it lay without sign of life. By no means a coward, 1 yet folt very like shrieking like ony woman as I gazed in frenzied horror at the motionloes figure bofora me ) thon,reooveriog from my etartlod surprise and terror, 1 strode for wards, and bonding down, with a nervous push drove tho body over on lbs side. As I had suspected thore was no lifo in that inanimate form. Tho moon glistening upon tho livid features revealod all the horror of a death by strangulation ; the blue lips, the faoe black and empurpled, the tonguo (half lolling out) bitten through, and the pro truding eyeballs with their glassy, vaoanb orbs distended, gave a bidoous, grotesque aapeot to tho corpse, and, spellbound with horror, I had not heard the geotlo opening of thodooror a softfootfall behind mo, only startled to the consciousness that I was no longer alone as a tiny hand was plaeod upon arm. "My God1 what led yon to open that oupboard T " gasped my visitor, tho pretty Ruth, her own faoe now livid as that of the oorpso. " I did nob opon tho hiding-place of the dead. The door I fancy gave way as the body of that poor murdered viotim prossed ' against it I " I exolnitnod, as I now, with a shudder draw baok from tho girl whom I had fio strangely dicovored was associated with assassins. Evidently noting myaobion of sudden aversion, tho poor girl, her eyes swimming in tears, oxclalmed : " I undorstand, Mr. Morrison, you hold in horror now the girl whom you suppose to-be tho sister of a murderer, but George Rainsforth, though a reprobate, Is no assassin. That poor creature there was a comrade who, looked np in a prison cell, committed suicide In prcforenoe to standing a ohanoo ofonal servitude. Tho corpse was brought here yesterday to bo removed to London to-morrow for Christian burial, by an old widowed mothor. I feared your discovery by somo accident of the unburied dead. You now know &1L Come, ib is a fine night, and I myeeU will oonduob you safo through the forest." "Bub surely your brother—-," lex- claimed. " Ie away following up that pursuit— the crime against the laws— which has led the unhapy. man at our feet to an early and suicide's grave. Koow at once that my brother is a thief and poacher, He pur- posed, whon he returned home with his vile associates, to rob you. He lookod mo in my room, but I am hero to guldo you hence." Leaving the ghastly corpse upon tho' floor, Ruth now, beokouiog me forth, made her way from the chambor of death, and, nob being slow to follow, in onothor ten minutes I was ont of tbo house. Not withoab danger did wo make our way through the foresb, more than once narrowly oseaplng tho gang of poachers that wore" prowling through the woods ; und, indeod, had it nob been for my bruvo conduotress, 1 fear I should not havo got off soathless upon that night of peril It was early dawn when we reached a little village, bM here, knocking up the host of a protty rural roadside inn, I was able to prooure a good breakfast, of which I stood much in need, the horrors of the precedlog night not having quito robbed -me of a good appetite. At my earnest solicitation Ruth accom- panied mo to Southampton, and thoro dur ing tho following day wo were joined by bar brother, who, choncoforth giving up his evil ways and associates, a fow months after our first meeting emigrated by my assis tance to New South Wales, Joining out there- an old friend of my luto father's, with whom he got on very well, killing plenty of game on his own account. Ruth did nob leavo England, but changed her name from Rainsforth to Morrison. 