OLD CRIMES REVIVED. Tradition, if not authentic history, speaks of Hungary as one of those regions where Roman colonisation has left indelible traces. Rather grim associations with ancient Rome are suggested by that cablegram which we publish this morning with reference to a shocking series of crimes of which Hungary has recently been the scene. Eighteen women In that country have been tried for poisoning their husbands and children with arsenic. Nine of them are stated to have been acquitted, and the rest sentenced to heavy terms of imprisonment. It is not necessary here to enter into any discussion as to whether imprisonment, be it ever so heavy, is any fitting penalty for the crimes which were presumably brought home to one-half of this extraordinary , batch of prisoners. In their choice of victims at all events they made a near enough approach to " the high Roman , fashion," as illustrated some centuries before our era began. The moral sense of the Romans, while still they were cultivating the stern virtues which were the outcome of Republican simplicity, was rudely shocked, we are told, by the discovery that no fewer than a hundred and seventy " ladies of the period had entered into a conspiracy and poisoned their husbands. The ladies, as it is hardly necessary to add. were speedily sent to meet the indignant spouses of whom they had made ghosts. But more modern instances of the crimes which startled Republican Rome can be found as connecting links with that strange revival of them which has now been witnessed in Eastern Europe at the close of the nineteenth century. Poisoning was raised to a fine art in Italy in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. A woman who made a professional study of it is said to have caused the death of no fewer than six hundred persons. The Aqua Tofana, a deadly draught which took its name from her, long preserved her sinister memory after she had suffered for her evil deeds. In France, towards the close of the seventeenth century, the mysterious secrets of the Italian prisoners would seem to have become known to an adventurer who, in the application of them, had the aid of the too celebrated (Marquise de 'Brinvilliers. She may be said to have sounded un- natural wickedness to its lowest depths. Beginning by trying the effects of her persons on patients in hospitals, to whom she came in the guise of a ministering angel, she wound up by poisoning her father and her two brothers. There were not a few women of her time, indeed, who were only less guilty than she was. The poisoning of husbands was a sort of diabolical mania for a while in France. And it was not un- heard of in England in that same seventeenth century. Truly there is nothing new under the sun. Unfortunately, in Its worst, even as in its best tendencies, human nature at the present day would appear to be much the same as ever it was. 