CORRESPONDENCE. OUR VOLUNTEERS. TO THE EDITOR. SIB,—1 think your correspondent ".Vigilant" must have been asleep lor some time and have suddenly woke up with an intense desire to kick somebody or anybody, or something-, He has, unfortunately, for the credit of his intelligence, chosen a subject ofjwhich he knows very little—in fact I don't think " Vigilant" has ever been a volunteer. The fetes and feastings have had no attraction for him. ' His suffering country has bledtoo profusely already, and some self-sacrificing hero, without a red coat, was required to pose (in % print) as a stern martyr to duty and retrenchment, and he trots out himself. How, if as your correspondent says, training in the volunteers makes smart, active fellows of what otherwise^ might become loutish poltroons, why does be attempt to ridicule them and bring contempt on the organisation, with the possible result of deterring likely young men from joining the ranks. Does " Vigilam think the British and Colonial Governments countenance and support the movement simply for the fun of the thing.? Does he imagine the British Government send ont highly trained and distinguished officers, aided by a splendid staff of experienced warrant officers for training purposes just to fete and {feast themselves ? I hope not. If he does, I can assure him from a ten years experience that he is greatly mistaken. Camping out for battalion and brigade manoeuvring is not all beer and skittles. Certainly, the men enjoy themselves to the best of their ability when they are oft duty, the same as soldiers and volunteers do everywhere. Why shouldn't they ? But when they are on duty that duty has to be done, and done to the satisfaction of men who know when it is done properly, and will see that it is so. Of course, it cannot be expected that in a small and isolated place like this, the same proficiency can be obtained as in larger countries, but time and increasing population will remedy that. I would advise "Vigilant" if he wishes to value volunteer work properly to read the " Army & Navy Gazette," the " Navy & Army," " Lloyd's Weekly." and other kindred publications, and he will get some small idea of the immense amount of work done by the volunteer army all over the British Empire, and especially in the Home Districts. Every branch is enthusiastically worked up with unflagging energy. Musketry, engineering, ^signalling, ambulance, and •JUL. every-other department is studied and practised underthe guidance of the most, accouaplshed officers of the day, until the movement is now universally recognised as part and parcel of British national life. It is a well-known axiom in military circles arid generally believed in by civilians that, British soldiers can go any,where, and no anything, and I believe our volunteers are made pretty much ol the same stufl, but what sane reaaon can " Vigilant" give for .asking them to do camp and other duties im stale bread, salt b#ef, arid brackish water, when there is not the ghost of a necessity for it ? : Would " Vigilant" do it? I don't,.think so. He is evidently not built thSl way. It is bad enough to undergo hardship when it is. necessaiy, and I believe the voluuteerswonld be all there if it but; 1 dorft think they are auniitid^lgpi^. in the "liiidsc^l'plenty. .•:'•'•<: ^ >' . . . Let me adyise " Vigilant" when next he addresses you on this or any other matter, to try and write some good sound common sense and avoid rubbish like stale bread arid brackish water. ' One word more land I have done. " Vigilant," after' giving oUr volunteers fits {j^mtl^ and severallyV ateut their cowardice in the face of Btale bunS; &e;,, actually has the cooleffronteryto say that he does not mean one word of disparagement against them. Could aiiything beatthis for cast iron cheek or lunacy—which is it ? I think some redeemed loutish poltroon .of a Geraldton Volunteer must have stolen his best Sunday.girl. ; Yours, &c.;, .. :'.. . .J.B. • Late 3rd, L.R.V. ? 