A CITY OP SALT. _ It would take at least three weeks to visit every portion of this marvellous city. Men have worked in its hollows for centuries, leaving it as a legacy to posterity. Horses have been brought to life and have died there, without seeing the light of day. It is silent and dark, except when the voices of people echo through its countless, tortuous halls, and the candlp of the guide or flash of the Soman light discovers its massive and glittering wonders. It is a city hewn in salt. It will hardly be believed that such a place exists. To all who dis believe, we would recommend a trip to Wieliezka, a little municipality about six miles from Cracow, in Polish Austria, and the centre of the Galician salt industry. The mine* are under the direct control of the Austria-Hungarian Minister of Finance. During hundreds of years the skilled hand of the labourer in the Wieliezka salt mines has beeij at work turning the depths of darkness into a realm of beauty. It has created ball rooms, chapels, altars, statues, restaurants, railways, chandeliers, stair cases, pillar3, and thrones in the bowels of the earth, and tlie grandeur of these has excited the admiration of the world. The mines date back to 1044, aud now have a length of over 2j miles. Above stands a large, grey building, containing the offices of those in charge of the mining _ operations. This building is interesting principally because it contains a large number of caps and uniforms worn oy various Boyd persons, Austrian and otherwise, who have descended into this subterranean city. They are each labelled with the name of the visitor and the day of decent. In early times this descent was made in a shaft worked by horse-power, but a hydraulic lift is now in use. Almost blinded by the dnrknesfi, and frightened by the eerie echo of his own footsteps, the visitor first enters some colossal chambers hollowed out by the labourer in the ordinary course of mining. He almost loses himself in the expanse of the Letow ball room, which with its solid mural decoration, illumin ated galleries, stalwart pillars, and shining chandeliers, is indeed a fit and welcome chamber for lovers of the dance. This ball room has witnessed many re markable gatherings. One end of the room is adorned with a colossal Austrian eagle and with transparencies painted on slabs of a lit. In an alcovo at the other end of the room stands a throne of green, the crystals of which (lush a green and ruby red. It is on this that the Emperor sits when he comes to the mines. The ball-room lies at a- distance of 210 feet below the surface, being the first of seven stories in the mine. Three of these stories are only open to visitors, and tliey alone contain the marvels visitors go to see, and are called " Bono," " Kaicer Franz," and " Erzherzog Albrccht," respectively, the last two being named in honour of celebrated Au trims. Fr m the scene of gaiety and splendour it is but a step to the home of quietude and prayer. Here, oil one of the main passages, is the noted St. Anthony's Chapel, the resort of thousands of the devout since it was hewn in 1698. The interior is beautified by an altar showing the Crucifixion, and on the steps of the altar are the forms of two kneeling monks. On the sides of the chapel may be seen smaller altars and statues of saints. Many times each year the priests of the district perform their pious duties in this,simple chapel, not only in memory of St. Anthony him self, but as a tribute to the miner who, unaided and persevering, built the chapel as it stands to-day. 1 he blocks of suit which he dug out have disappeared, but the life work of the nameless labourer may Inst till the end of time. . . . The mine is, indeed, full of many marvels j but ths most marvellous of all -at least, the one which makes the most impression on the visitor-is the sub terranean lake, lying 700 feet below the surface of the earth. The waters of the lake are dark, thick, and heavy, and as the boat glides over its facethesprending waters roll up against the sides of the grotto with a ghost like swish. A gonderous solitude overweighs all. The tyx alone of all the death like streams in legend could rival this in stillness. The boat is substantial, and carries many people. It is guided through the Stephanie and Kudolf Grottos by ropes running on pulleys along the sides of the boat, and the boatman, with his hands resting on the stern of the curious rraft, pushes it with his feet braced against the rope. There are sixteen of these lakes in different parts of the mine, but this is the only one upon which visitors are allowed to go. The trip across and back takes fifteen or twenty minutes, as the boat moves slowly through the sluggish brinei A gun shot off in the middle of the lake wakes a long and lingering echo, and the voice of the boatman, as he calls out that all is ready, seems like the voice of a giant from the depths of chaos. 