LOST IDEAS EESTOEED BY CHRIST. By Eer. F. W. MACDONALD, M.A., President of the Wesleyan Conference. Preached in ihe City-road Ohapel3 London. And when He comes He will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment. Sin, righteousness, judgment, are three of the greatest terms in the vocabulary of ] men. And they stand for tremendous spiritual realities by which our state is | conditioned and our destiny determined. The words that stand for these realities are to be found in all languages, and in some languages (and,, particularly .in the I language of the New Testament) the terms are characterised by intellectual precision and beauty, yet. they, have come to stand for lost ideas. The terms were there, but the meaning had faded out of them. They had been lowered and be littled; they had suffered deterioration generation after generation; they had re ceived into themselves foreign and alien j significations by which their meaning had been still more obscured and perverted, and though they were still in the speech they failed to convey to the understanding and to the conscience of men the tremend ous realities for which they stood. _ And nothing could have arrested the decline of these terms; nothing could have prevented their gravitating into the region of dead speech, speech from which true vitality has gone, nothing could have prevented that consummated deterioration but the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ and the mission of the Holy Ghost. It was by Christ that sin was reproved and right eousness revealed and judgment assured; and it is by the Holy Ghost that sin, righteousness, and judgment are con tinually revealed, attested, and brought home to the hearts and consciences of men. CONVICTION OP SIN. As I have said, the terms stand for tremendous realities, " He shall convince the world of sin." Now the world as such knows nothing of sin; and\ yet it is the root of all _ from j which it suffers. It is the root, it is the explanation of all the numberless forms of damage and deterioration that human Character suffers. Sin is the source whence all the ills of human life and human society arise. Many terms are needed to describe the manifestations or results of sin. The world is well aware for example of defects of human charac ter, and it can describe them in detail. It says of man that he is unjust, or that he is cruel, or proud, or sensual, or covetous; and yet these are but minor terms to specify this or the other manifestation of a deep, central, fundamental evil of the world, the very existence of which as a fundamental evil the world lias never understood. _ It is very touching and very pathetic to observe that while the world- had large, im mense experience, of sin it had little or no sense of sin. That defect, the absence of the sense of sin, lias often been pointed out in respect of this and the other brilliant development of human culture and civilisation. Its striking absence from the life and culture of the Greek people has often been referred to. The late Mr. Gladstone spoke of the absence of the sense of sin as perhaps the greatest peril of modern . society. And I think it is not too much to say that apart from the person of Christ and the mission of the Holy Ghost we not only have no guarantee that the sense of sin will he maintained; but Ave have every reason to believe that it Avould again die out; and that Avbile men Avould be irri tated and angered by this and the other evil and Avrong in society, their con sciences concerning the mystic and-root evil Avould as before sIioav itself utterly inadequate to the exigencies of the case. Oil, well Ave needed that one should come to convince the Avorid of sin, to push aside and to pierce through mere surface ethics'in Avhieh vices and follies are cata logued and parcelled out. It Ai'as needed that one should come Avho could thrust through the' surface Avhicli our best thinkers had been skimming and touch the depths beloAv. It Avas well that a teacher should come Avho could not merely reprove and instruct concerning sins detail and in particular, but carry his j teaching to the central issue and deal Avith sin as sin and convince man of sin. It is, as I have said, the fundamental evil. You cannot put your finger upon any unsound spot in the organised life of the Avorid, but you are touching a fruit or consequence of that hidden mischief. You cannot enter upon any course of conflict for the improvement of human affairs, Avhether in the tiny sphere of parochial interests or the vast responsibilities and duties of an empire; you cannot do that, but you are at once, Avhether you confess it or not, in touch and in conflict Avith the one and only evil —which is enmity against God, man's de tachment from.God. The inner and cen tral attitude of his soul to God is thrown aAvay and reduced to discord, and has fallen away from reality and truth and liar-1 mony. That, my brethren, is the one mystery. And Ave may tamper for ever Avith the symptoms diseased humanity pre sents, and spend our time and break our hearts over detailed schemes of reforma tion; but unless there be some poAver that can reach the one dread terrible source and spring of all mischief Ave shall attain to no result. "When He is come He shall com'ince the Avorid of sin." ! The mission of the Holy Ghost is the consequence and accompaniment of tlie mission of the' Son of God. Tlie comple tion of the work of the incarnate Son was the condition for the great _ mjssion to which He was encouraging His disciples to look. "If I go not away the Comforter will not come; it is expedient for you that I go away; I will/send Him unto you." •But what was the preparation that our Lord made in His own person and .in His work for the office of the Spirit in re proving the world of sin? Our Lord was Himself the great reproof for sin which in the fulness of time it pleased God to send forth. He brought into the sphere of man's life the righteousness of God. He revealed the Bather. He gather ed up all the issues that lie between God i and man into a central one, one determin ing everything. And it was the will of God that man should believe on Him whom He sent. If they believed. on.:Him, if in conscience, in faith, in love, in submission, they accepted the Son of God, that was the central act of submission to righteous ness, the acceptance of the new life and condition. But, "He came unto His own and His own received Him not." There came into this world not merely, I do not say the most effective _ presentation of righteousness, for that is an inadequate phrase, hut God came to man, God put .within the range of man's vision, of man s perception; He put Himself in His incar nate Son at the door of the human heart, He presented Himseit to all that might linger and live in man of spiritual percep tion and vitality. And the world rejected Christ. He said that He had come to reveal the Father, and they drove the reve lation from them with indifference. _ He raised this one issue with man—"Believe on Me and listen to Me. Let My word, My spirit, My will, My gift become yours, and all tlie innumerable maladies ana miseries of siixshould then be brought un der one central and redeeming power." But the world listened for a little while, seemed attentive and watchful, and then shook itself free from tde temporary fascination of Divine goodness, and said, "Away with Him, away with Him, crucify Him." Ana so sin was revealed in its supreme and cen tral manifestation as enmity against God, Whether that flow out and run oil into covetousness or idolatry, or theft or adul tery,' or murder or what not. The essence of sin is enmity against God, and not be lieving in the Son-of God. Sin was detec ted, not in its fruits or manifestations, but in its central and animating spirit. There fore He said, "I will send Him forth to convince the world of sin, because they be lieve not on Me." Oh, brethren, there is something im mensely impressive to us to learn how what we had thought the great commanding moral issues may be dwarfed when the true and central one is revealed. The mischief that lies deep in the life of this world has not been named and described when you say man is selfish, man is sensual, man is un just, man is cruel. You have not named the evil yet; yon have not got to its root or touched the seat of the mischief of sin, "because they believe not on Me." And Christ is made the test and touchstone to be evermore presented by the Holy Ghost to the heart and conscience of the world; that in His presence men may learn that they have not only been sinful in this or the other detail which any man will ack nowledge, but that there is_ a root; and ! central enmity against God in him, which ! the person of Jesus Christ awakens to consciousness and significance. Oh, let us •thank God that this reproof of sin is not the final—I had almost said the vengeful—re proof kept in reserve 'by a patient ruler, and then, when all devices were exhausted, ; given to man to shatter him in its revela tion; Christ said, this, then, ybu have been doing all this time—"Ye have seen and hated both Me and My Father." can conceive of a conviction of sin which I had no relation to redemption, which should be retributive, which might bring , overwhelming power to crush and dispose of a creature of whom the Divine mercy had grown tired. "But when He is come ' He -shall convince the world of sin because they believe not on Me." And He shall do so in such a manner that men shall mourn that unbelief, shall lose that unbe lief, and shall believe on Him whom the Father hatli sent. Tlie object of con vincing the world of sin is, not to rain down on its heart and altogether shatter it, reproof of which men ma3r ehew the hitter cud; hut that they may have that conviction of sin which may most open the way for forgiveness of sin, and shall have, for its immediate consequence, a conviction of righteousness, and of right eousness in Christ, accessible and given by God. ' THE IDEAL OF RIGHTEOUSNESS. > He shall convince the world of righteous ness, another lost idea to he > restored and 'brought back .wi thin the sphere of "our spiritual life. You > may be sure that if a true conception of sin were weakened in mankind, a > true conception of righteous ness would suffer corresponding enfeeble ment. > And if the true conception of sin was, broadly speaking, lost, the true con > ception of "righteousness was lost also. Where do you find, apart from > Christ, apart from this "Divine mission of the Son and of the Spirit of God, > ideas and ideals, aims and motives, and powers worthy to be associated with > the word righteousness ? Turn over the manuals of the old religions of the > world and you will find those reli gions furnish no conception, offer no > light or guidance towards righteousness. You can wander as long as your > heart will al low you to do through the pantheons of the filthy, abominable, > cruel deities," but there is no vision of righteousness in the whole sphere > of the religions of paganism. Intellectual efforts were utterly ineffectual > to arrive at and then to sustain any true conception of righteousness. It is > always an unwelcome task to speak disparagingly of honest intellectual > labor. What have we better than the minds God has given us? In the range of > our powers what is there to suggest higher and worthier thoughts of our > glorious Creator than the mind, the understanding, the moral nature that He > has planted in man? And yet the greatest school of speculation, the greatest > school of ethical enquiry and teaching failed utterly and obviously to > preserve the vital conception of righteous ness or anything that could > inspire a con ception of righteousness that would have working power in the > sphere of man's life. For the most part the world has shown no desire even > for a lofty, a pure, a consis tent plan of righteousness to lie before its > vision and to overshadow its soul. All along righteousness has been > compromised with, morality has been taken as its equivalent; and morality, > when examined, is for the most part little more than cus tom and common > agreement as to social convenience and welfare. It is very nota ble, very > significant to remember the most widely prevalent moral -teaching in the his > tory of this world has consisted of the un formulated ordinances of society, > that men. should do as their class, their east, their set find it proper and > convenient that they should do. Upon a certain amount of propriety' all > civilised communi ties have insisted. But once granted a fair conformity > with accepted standards of convenient and decent behavior,; the lofty and > fatiguing search after righteousness is readily and complacently abandoned. > How did the Lord .Jesus Christ re-invest righteousness with sanc tity, with > power, -with beauty? I have already reminded you that He came to reveal God, > God manifested in the flesh. The ancient Scriptures have at least taught > that small section of the human race which has been brought into contact > with them that righteousness was the. characteristic of God. But Oiirist brought that characteristic of God1 from the sphere of spoken or writ ten revelation and description, and in liv ing and breathing form introduced it to the circle of human life. He was the Holy One of God. Brethren, there is a ten dency in all societies to revert, to go back upon, and to fall into earlier and less ad mirable types of things. In our common cultivation of flower and tree • and plant, we have to watch against the tendency to revert to a less differentiated and less admirable type. And so even in socie ties, professedly Christian societieSj that have been governed by the great ideals, the great motives, the great inspiring portions of the Gospel of Christ, in those societies there is the subtle tendency to revert to the lower, the more pagan con ception of righteousness, and to pait with the lofty and inspiring vision which Christ has given us, and to take in their stead the easy-going maxims and methods of the society we happen to move in. Christ brought righteousness into this world not on tables_ of _ stone, not in a hook, but in His own person. He translated the Divine and eternal attribute into the .oveliest and eompletest form. "Which of you convinceth me of sin?" In Him was no sin; He was the altogether lovely. And yet (here we go D-ack again upon the thought touched already) here is the sor row -of it, and the shame of it, tlha't this final and perfect manifestation of righteousness, righteousness in its love liest garb and most accommodated to the vision and to the touch of poor man, that righteousness the world could not endure the presence of; and drove it out of its midst. He says, "I will send the com forter to convince the world of sin." The root of sin in enmity against God, "Be cause they do not believe in Me." Every man to whom Christ is presented h is the supreme test presented to 'him. He ia presented to him that lie may believe in Christ And be reconciled to God. Not to believe in Christ is to be in deadly enmity against God. He will not only reprove the world o£ sin, "Because they do not believe in Me, but of righteousness because I go to the Father." How see the antagonism of man to God. He whom God sent into the world, His best, Himself, the world crucified; 'but God raised him from the dead, He reversed the judgment of man, He brought out the sharpest anti thesis: "whom ye have crucified God hath raised from the dead and declared by-the Spirit of Holiness 'to be the son of God." When Christ was led out of Jerusalem a malefactor, to die a shameful death with malefactors, when the cry of the brutal, wicked men sounded with insult in His | ear, He was marching, as it seemed, to wards final ignominy and to supreme de feat, but He was going, to the Father. These first stages of tne journey were a Via Dolorosa, a Sorrowful Way. . Only.- this righteousness which earth rejected Heaven -rejoiced to receive.. Of Him whom man despised, God said—"This is my beloved Son." And righteousness was no longer a vague, vain attribute for scholars and I ethical teachers to discuss, but righteous ness in the incarnate Son of God was | j uplifted and glorified. It has gone to the j Father, and in our risen Saviour, right eousness is for ever crowned and glorified. ! Yes, and He will convince the world of this. But the world is slow to con-1 vinee. The world is not yet convinced in mass, in bulk. None of its great races, tribes, and sections have handed in a united and formal acknowledgment of righteousness; but from all the masses of this-world, which at the first view seem obdurate, untouched, invinci ble, from all these hard masses of men and communities at enmity with God, individuals are for ever moving away, melting out of that hard and alien life, and passing into the life of righteousness through faith in our Lord Jesus Christ. Yes, "He shall convince the world of righteousness," not as it might conceiv ably have been done. I can think of an ungrateful and rebellious race being called to solemn session, and I can see the vast array of that sullen, unrepentant mass compelled, in spite of . itself, to be | present at a demonstration of righteous ness. I can conceive that the incarnate Son of God could have been the object presented to that. rebel world, clothed in the approval of God, invested with the light and glory of God, and presented to the world to break the world's heart with the knowledge that it had spent its strength in vain, that it had said, "We will cast his cords from us, He shall not ! have dominion over us." I can imagine the presentation of the glorified Son of | G-od to the world that had rejected Him; and then the withdrawal ot* that gift, and the world left -to mourn for ever its own guilty folly. "But when he is eome He -will convince the world of right eousness." Ah, not with that -bitter after conviction that comes too late; but with the conviction, out of which shall rise the righteousness for the poor sinner himself. "He shall reprove the world of righteous ness," not by saying "thus and thus it j might have been, it might -have been." But I there is presented the righteous One who ! is the Lord1- our righteousness. Blessed are all they that believe in Him. "He | shall convince the world of sin." We mourn and loathe ourselves. He shall convince us of righteousness; we stretch out hands towards our Redeemer and Lord. THE JUDGMENT. And there is a third lost idea restored to us in Christ by the Holy Ghost, "He shall convince the world of judgment." But is that a lost idea? Is it .not one of the most familiar conceptions to be found in one form or another in every or ganised society? True, there are judgments and judgments; but a judgment that shall go to the root of all this, that shall carry its tests down to the depths and up to the height .and be for now and for ever more—of such judgment, I say, the world knows nothing. "The Prince of this world is judged:" But what is the meaning of that? We have here the tremendous as surance that the world which has been exercising judgment on men and things, on morals and conduct, has been giving to its judgments the immense practical power of customs and institutions and transmit ted types of thought, that world in the person of its representative and chief, is itself a judged world. And I find, and I offer to you much food for thought in this assurance, that the most powerful and august authority that the majority of men know anything about, viz., the world, is judged. Ah! what power the world pos sesses to mould its children, to prescribe to them their manners, their custom, their habits, their sentiments. What power the | world has to give sanction to conduct, to frown down and to render practically in operative the beginnings of protest or re volt against its opinions. Men worship the idols that their' fathers worshipped, and they the idols their fathers worshipped, and the mighty, sustaining, conservative, traditional force that the world has at its command keeps these idolatries from one generation to another. The world's stand points of behavior are in force, not to be constituted a statute, but by a more effec tive method; and so "with regard to _ our business, our commerce, our recreations, the way we get and spend our money, with regard to the kind of people we are. The world provides, and always has pro vided, effective and influential .types- of things. And he must have some inner life and instruction who can venture to chal lenge those forces. He must have some gift from God who can venture and suc ceed in raising life and. character , on : any. other foundation or with, other ideals than, the world supplies. Oh, to what evils the world has given its sanction. What an effective chapter in morals that would be if the chapter had been not too slight for the purpose; what a view of human morals is given by a rapid survey of the evils which the world has sanctioned and has sustained, the license of personal character and conduct. The employment of wealth, the use of power. Again and again there have been protests, appeals, cries as' it were to the world for mercy that it might not press so hard; " but the world is very strong, its courts are always sitting, its executive is always able to carry out and to carry on its judgments and verdicts. And so the world rules ti*j greatest and the least of its children, and defies .hem, for one most part successfully, to do no thing. And now let us hear, if may be, with, some freshness of percept-ion and thought, this powerful world, this tyran nous, all-commanding institution, this power that we have so oxten felt that it was impossible to disobey is itself no judge, and has no rights to constitute it a tri bunal—the prince of this world is judged. The life and death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ are the judgment of the world, the flesh, and the devil. When He is come He shall convince the world of judg ment; He shall bring it home to men that good and evil are not the same, and that things do matter, and that Truth, though it hath few supporters and Goodness, though it hath but few illustrations, yet Truth and Goodness have authority and power and the promise of duration, and that the best- established and most impos ing forms of evil are judged and will fall. He shall reprove the world of judg ment. Men have sought the world's favor and have taken shelter under its permissions and sanctions. Multitudes have hesitated for a while whether they shall toil with the minority Who sought to follow Christ, or walk on the more comfortable ways where the majority are moving along. How they will be dismayed when they learn that they made an evil and foolish choice, and that the world, with all its imposing aspects, with all its vast social sanctions, with all its stupendous organisation and sentiment, with which it seeks to crush out moral and spiritual individuality, that world, instead _ of sitting upon a lawful throne, judging with legitimate powers, was itself judged, and with God there lies the hour ana moment for mak ing • that judgment manifest'to heaven and to earth—the prince -of -this world is judged. But, 'brethren, there is the true Prince of this -world who will judge. The thought of judgment is not- amongst the leading thoughts of popular theology. The thought of the judgment to come you can not induce mere worldly moral sentiment to find room for. It understands the ap proval of the conscience, or the ap proval of society, or the disapproval of the one or the other. "But from thence He shall eome to judge the quick and the dead." That is the belief that we have uttered again, though it has no place what ever. in the average sentiment or expectation of mankind. He will convince the world of judg ihent. Now, I say tne world, or the mass, is not convinced, but how shall we rejoice that multitudes of the children of the world are passing out of its dominion, dis enthralling themselves from that mighty and oppressive mastery. They are stealing away from its strongholds, they are pass ing into another sphere of life where the ruling, the inspiring, the saving, the judg ing power is that of bur Lord'Jesus Christ. He shall eome to judge the quick and the dead. Oil, what fear roan's bosom rendcth ' When from heaven the Judge deseendeth On whose sentence all dependetli. He that believeth on the Son of God hath eternal life; he shall not pass into judgment: he is judged, he is in Christ; there is therefore no condemnation to him, walking not after .the flesh hut after the [ spirit. We are ail so convinced of righfc ' eousness in Christ our- Saviour, and de livered from our sin through the redeeming might of Christ, and clothed with His righteousness, we can look in peace, with humble trust to the day when He shall come to judge the world. In the words of the old Latin hymn— Ne me perdas ilia die— Lose me not in that day, grasp me, hold me. In Thee, , 0 Lord, do I put my trust. Let me never "confounded. Foi- the past quarter of a century there has been one continuous tow of letters bearing testimony to the truly wonderful cures effected by CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE, "the finest Blood Purifier that science and medi cal skill have brought to light." Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skiu and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of any kind are solicited to give it a trial to test its value. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes. pD6c 