££ I FULL TEXT OF THE LETTER TO CARDI NAL GIBBONS.. CONTROVERSY ON 'FATHER HECKER'S LIFE.' ' 'THE CHCJRCH SHOULD SHAPE HER TEACHINGS MORE IN ACCORD WITH THE SPIRIT OF THE AGE AND RE LAX SOME OF HER ANCIENT SEVE RITY AND MAKE SOME CONCESSIONS TO NEW OPINIONS.' THE FALSITY OF THESE IDEAS. We give this week the full text of the Holy Father's very important letter to Cardinal Gibbons. We use the London Tablet's translation : — To Our Deau Son, James Cardinal Gibbons, by the Title ov St. Maria Tuastevbhb Cardinal Pkiest op the Holy Roman Church, Arch BI8H01' of Baltimore. LEO XUL, POPE. Beloved Son, Health and Apostolic Benediction. This letter which We send 3rou is a token of that affectionate goodwill which throughout Our long Pontificate We have never ceased to evince towards you, your brother Biihops, and the whole American people, gladly seizing every opportunity afforded by the happy expansion of your Church, and the wise and apt regulations by which you have safeguarded and advanced the interests of Catholics. Many a time, moreover, We have regarded the wonderful character of your people, whose spirit is ever stretching forward to what is great, and striving after everything that will assist civilization and enhance the glory of the State. However, this letter has not as its immediate ob ject to confirm these oft-repeated praises, but rather to indicate certain dangers that must be guarded against, and what must be set right. Nevertheless, as We are moved to write to you by that Apostolic charity which We have ever felt towards you, and often expressed, We rightly and confidently expect that you will consider this letter as no less a proof of Our affection, especially as We trust that it will be found proper to put an end to certain conten tions which have recently arisen among you, and which are causing trouble to many minds to the no small disturbance of peace. You are aware, Beloved. Son, that the book on the Life of Isaac Thomas Hecker, more especially by the work of those who have undertaken its transla tion and editing in a foreign language, has aroused no email controversy as to the introduction of cer tain opinions concerning the methods of the Chris tian life. It is in order, therefore, to secure the in tegrity of the faith, in accordance with the duty of the supreme Apostolate, and to protect the safety of the faithful, that We now desire to write to you at some length on the whole matter. PRINCIPLES TO BE REJECTED. The principle on which the new opinions of which We speak are based seems to be this : that in order the more easily to draw to Catholic teaching those who are separated from it the Church ought to adapt herself somewhat more to the civilization of modern times, and, relaxing her old severity, to show some indulgence to the tendencies and prin ciples of the nations. And many think that this is to be understood not only in reference to the regu lation of life, but also as touching those, doctrines in which is comprised1 the deposit of faith. For they maintain that, in order the better to attract those who differ from us, it is opportune that certain points of doctrine should be passed over as of smaller moment, or that they should be minimized so that they no longer retain the sense which the Church has continually held. It does not, however, Dear Son, need many words to show that this opinion is to be condemned. It is sufficient to refer to the rule and source of doctrine which the Church has given ua. The decision of the Vatican Council is here to the point : ' The doctrine of faith which God has revealed is not, like a philosophical concep tion, proposed to the mind to be perfected, but rather, as a divine deposit, is confided to the Spouse of Christ for its protection and infallible interpreta tion. . . . The sense of sacred doctrines, once declared by pur holy Mother the Church, must be always maintained, and must not be departed from under the specious pretext, of understanding it after a higher manner [Const, dc Fide Oath., cap. iv.). The silence with which certain Catholic doctrines would be designedly passed over and, as it were, clouded in oblivion, must also be considered as not altogether without fault. For all the truths which Christian discipline embraces have all one and the same author and master : the Only-Begotten Son who is in the bosom of the Father' (John i , 18). And that these truths are accommodated and pro posed to all times and peoples is most clearly gathered from the words addressed by Christ to His Apostles : ' Going, therefore, teach ve all nations, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you ; and, behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world' (Matthew xxviii., 19-20). Wherefore says the same Vatican Council : ' By the divine and Catholic faith we must believe whatever is contained in the written and unwritten word of God and proposed to us by the Church to be believed as divinely re vealed either in a solemn decision or by the ordinary general magisterium' [Const, de Fide Oath., c. iii.). L?t no one then take away anything from doctrine divinely handed down or purposely pass by a point in silence ; for he who does this seeks rather to sever Catholics from the Church than to gain those to the Church who are separated from her. We desire nothing more warmly than that all who are wandering far from the sheep-fold of Christ may come back, but it must be by no other way than that marked out by Christ Himself. As to the rules of life which are given to Catholics, they are not of such a nature that they cannot be tempered in ac cordance with time and locality. For the Church has, indeed, a heart full of kindness and mercy, given her by her Founder, and it is for thin reason that from the beginning she has willingly shown herself such as the Apostle Paul professed to be : ' I became all things to all men, that 1 might save all' (1 Cor. ix., 22). The history of the ages is a witness that this Apostolic See, to which has been entrusted not only the teaching but also the supreme government of the whole Church, has ever unfailingly stood by ' the same doctrine, the same sense, and the same opinion' (Concil. Vatic. Ibid, c. iv.) ; and that it has always been accustomed to moderate the rule and regimen of life in such a way that, the rights of God being secured, the customs and ways of thinking of the various nations which she embraces have never been neglected. And who doubts that she will con tinue to do so, whenever the salvation of souls demands it? But such cases are not to be deter mined by the judgment of private persons who are liable to be deceived by an appearance of right. The judgment must be left to the Church, and in that all must acquiesce who would avoid the reproach of our Predecessor, Pius VI., who declared that the 78th proposition of the Council of Pistoia was 'in- jurious to the Church and to the Spirit of God, in that it submitted to examination the discipline established and approved by the Church, as if the Church could establish a discipline either useless or too heavy for Christian liberty to support.' CONCERNING LIBERTY OF TEACHING. In the matter of which we speak, Beloved Son, thers is one thing that is still more dangerous and hurtful to Catholic doctrine and discipline, and that is the opinion put forward by the partizans of these novelties that a certain liberty should be introduced into the Church so that, the authority and vigilance of the ruling power being in a way limi 1 ted, the faithful might be allowed ' to act more in accordance with their own feelings and active virtue. This, they assert, is necessary after the example of that sober liberty which, recently introduced, is at the present moment the law and foundation of civil society. Of this We have already treated in the letter which We addressed to all the Bishops on the constitution of States, and in which We showed the difference there is between the Church, which exists by Divine law, and all other associations which flourish by the free will of men. It is important, however, to note a certain opinion which is brought forward as an argument by those who would wish to foist this liberty on Catholics. There is no need, they say, after the solemn defini tion given in the Vatican Council, to be troubled about the infallible teaching authority of the Roman Pontiff ; and therefore, this doctrine being safe, there is now a wider field open to every man in which to think and act. A preposterous kind of argument surely, for if we are to draw any conclusion from the unerring magis tsrium of the Church, ? it is this cer tainly, that no one ought to wish to depart from it, and that all ought to give them selves up to be informed and regulated by it in order that they may the more easily be kept free from any sort of private error. Besides, those who argue in this way altogether depart from the wis dom of the Providence of God, which, by the very fact that it wished to strengthen the authority of the teaching office of the Holy See, especially had in view the better defence of the minds of Catholics from the particular perils of the present day. The licence which is everywhere mistaken for liberty, the passion for speaking out, whether by way of statement or contradiction, and in fine the freedom of thought and of the expression of that thought, have flung such thick darkness over men's minds that the utility and necessity of that magisterium are now more than ever apparent if people are to be kept to the dictates of conscience and duty, Far be it irom us, indeed, to repudiate everything that the genius of these times gives birth to ; on the.contrary, we view with genuine pleasure every step in ad vance in the search for truth and the pursuit of good, as adding to the patrimony of science and as extending the bounds of public prosperity. Unless, however, all this is to lack -=nMd u«pfn1nev* it mn«t exist and flouri-1, in accordance with the wise te th ing and authority of the Church. INSPIRATION TO GOOD. We come now to those conclusions which have, been drawn from the opinions above mentioned, which, if, as we believe, they are without evil-inr tention, do not certainly seem to be in any way free from suspicion. At the outset every external teaching authority is rejected as superfluous and even as troublesome by those who wish to give themselves up to the attainment of Christian per fection. The Holy Spirit, they maintain, sheds abroad in the souls of the faithful His gifts mors abundantly now than in past times, teaching and urging them by a secret instinct without any inter mediary. It is, indeed, no small temerity to wish to calculate the method by which God communicates Himself to men, for that de pends on His Will alone and He Himself is the free Giver of His own gifts: 'The Spirit breatheth where he will' (John iii., 8). ' But to everyone of us is given grace according to the measure of the giving of Chri«t' (TSnhesians iv.,.7). Moreover, who cmm go back tu ihe hif-tory of the Apostles, to the i'ctith of the primitive Church, to the sufferings and death of the bravest martyrs, and to those ancient times which were so fruitful in holy men, and yet dare to compare the first ages with our own day and maintain that they were vouchsafed a smaller outpouring of the Holy Spirit ? But leaving aside such considerations as these, no one doubts that the Holy Ghost works by a secret descent into the souls of the just, which he moves by warnings andimpulses ; and if this were not the case any and . every external protection and authority would be vain. ' If any one affirms that he can conform to the preaching of salvation, that is, of the gOBpel, without the illumination of the Holy Ghost, who ' gives to all sweetness in accepting and believing the truth, he is deceived by the spirit of heresy' [Com. Arausie ii.t can. vii ). But, as we know by experi ence, these warnings and impulses are not usually experienced without some assistance from the work of an external mentor, 'He,' appositely says St. Augustine, ' co-operates with good trees in their fruiting, who waters them and has them cared for by some third person, anJ by his personal action helps their interior growth' [Be Grat Christ., c. xix). ThiB comes back to the general law by which God, in His Providence, as He has decreed that men should for the most part be saved through men, has similarly determined that those whom He calls to a higher degree of sanctity should be led to it by men, 'so that,' according to St. Chrysostom, ' we learn from God by means of men' [Horn. I, in Inser. altar.). We have an illustrious example of this in the very beginning of the Church. Saul, though, whilst breathing out threatenings and slaughter (Acts ix., i.), he had heard the voice of Christ Him self and had asked Him : ' Lord, what wilt thou have me to do?' was sent to Ananias at Damascus. ' Arise and go into the city, and and there it shall be told what thou shalt do.' There is this con sideration, too, that those who seek perfection, since they enter upon a path not trodden by most men, are the more exposed to error, and so stand more than others in need of a teacher and a guide. This manner of acting has always been the rule in the Church, and this teaching has been professed to a man by all who, in the course of the ages, have been pre-eminent for wisdom and sanctity. Those who reject it, therefore, cannot do so without temerity and danger; NATURE AND GRACE. And indeed to any one who deeply considers this matter, when every external guide has been rejected, it is difficult to see whether in the opinion of these in novators that richer inspiration of the Holy Ghost, of which they make so much, is tending. Assuredly, the assistance of the Holy Ghost is necessary above all else in the pursuit of virtue, but those people who are so eager in the pursuit of new methods attributes altogether too much to the natural virtues as if they responded better to the customs and neids of the present time, and as if it were better to pos sess them because more calculated to dispose a man to strenuous action. It is difficult to understand how those who are informed with Christian wisdom can prefer the natural to the supernatural virtues, and attribute to them a superior power and fruit fulness. Will nature supported by grace be weaker than if left to its own strength? Have the holy men whom the Church reveres, and to whom she pays public honour, shown themselves weak and unfit in the natural order because they excelled in. Chris tian virtues ? Now, although it is right enough at times to admire the wonderful achievements of natural virtue, how few in fact are the men -who habitually possess these virtues ? Who is there who is not open to the violence of his passions ? Con stantly to overcome them as well as to conform one self to the natural law, it is necessary that a man should receive assistance from above. The isolated acts which we have above alluded to often, on close examination, offer only an appearance rather than the reality of virtue. But let us even grant that it is real : what help can the natural virtues be to any one who wishes not ' to run in vain,'* and to forfeit the eternal happiness which God has prepared for us unless there is added to them the strengtening gift of divine grace ? St. Augustine has given the answer : They have endurance, they have speed, but they are off the course (Ps. xxxi., 4). For just as the nature of man, which by the fault of the race has been made prone to vice and shame, is raised, clethed with new nobility, and strengthened by the help of grace, so also the virtues which are practised not by the aid of nature alone, but with the help of grace, become fruitful tokens of everlasting happi ness, and stand forth more sturdily and solidly. ACTIVE AND PASSIVE VIRTUES. With this opinion concerning the natural virtues is connected another, according to which, all Christian virtues are divided into two classes » passive and active as they are called ; the former being said to have been more adapted to past ages, whilst the latter are better suited to the present day. It is clear what is to be thought of this classification of virtue, four the virtue that is merely passive has and can have no existence. ' Virtue, says St. Thomas, ' means a certain perfection of power ; now the end of power is action, and an act of virtue is nothing but the good use of one's free will' (la Use, a. 1) and if made with the help of God's grace it becomes a supernatural act of virtue. Only he would pretend that some Christian virtues are adapted to one period and others to another, who is unmindful of the words of the Apostle : ' For whom he foreknew hs also predestinated to be comformable to the image of His Son' (Romans viii., 29). The master and model of all sanctity is Christ, and it is necessary for all who wish to attain the seats of the blessed to conform themselves to His rule. And Christ does not change with the advancing centuries, but He is the same yesterday and to-day and for ever (Hebrews xiii., 8). To men of all ages, there fore, is addressed the invitation : ' Learn of me for I am meek and humble of heart' (Matthew xi., 20), and in every age Christ puts Himself before us as 'obedient even unto death' (Philipp. ii, 3). In every age, too, those words of the Apostle stand : ' They that are Christ's have crucified their flesh. with their vices and concupiscences' (Galatians v.» 24). Would to God that more nowadays cultivated these 'virtn.es as did the saintly men of those times, vrho by humility, obedience, and self-restraint were powerful in words and work to the great advantage not only of religion but of their country and society. THE REUGIOUS LIFE. From this contempt, so to speak, of the evangeli cal, virtues it seems likely that a disdain uf the religious life will invade the mind. And that this is a- common opinion among those who profess these new ideas we gather from certain expressions which they have let fall concerning the vows pronounced by members of religious Orders. Such obligations, they affirm, are altogether out of keeping with the character of our times, inasmuch as they narrow the limits of human liberty, being better suited to weak souls than those that are strong, whilst far from contributing to Christian perfection and the good of humanity they are rather injurious and an obstacle to the progress of both. How false all this is, is abundantly evident ..from the practice and teaching of the Church which has ever highly ap proved of the religious life. Nor did she do so ?without reason, for those who called by God embrace it of their own free will, and who, not content with €he ordinary duties enforced by precept, enter upon the evangelical counsels, show themselves strong and devoted soldiers of Christ. Shall we think that this is the characteristic of weak minds, or that it is useless or worse for the perfection of life ? Those who thus bind themselves by religious vows, far from losing their liberty, enjoy a liberty greater dnd nobler— that 'wherewith Christ has made us free' (Galatians iv., 31). ' The contention that the religious life has done little or nothing for the Church is not only an evi dence of hostility to the religious Orders, but it ?would be upheld by no one who has studied the annals of the Church. Why, do not your own 'United States owe the origin of their faith and civilization to sons of the religious Orders in memory of a member of one of which, to your own credit, you have lately decreed the erection of a public statue? And in our own dayR what ready and effective service the religious Orders, wherever they may be, are rendering to Catholicism ! How many are carrying the Gospel to new shores and. extending the frontiers of civilization in the midst .of dangers by sheer strength of will ! From them, no less than from the ranks of the secular clergy, the Christian people derives its preachers of the .?word of God, the guides of its conscience and the teachers of its youth and the Church her self her patternR of holiness. No difference is to be made between the praise to be given to those who follow the active life and those who, loving retire ment, devote themselves to prayer and mortification of the body. The great services of these latter to society are well known to those who are not ignorant how much the continual prayer of the just man availeth, especially when joined with bodily morti fication. j' If, however, some men prefer to live a community life without being bound by any vow, they are at liberty to do so ; it will be nothing new in the Church, and in no way blameable. But let them not put forward such a rule as preferable to that of the religious Orders, for since the human race is now more than ever inclined to pleasure, those who have forsaken all things to follow Christ are to be ?held in the greater regard, ? And lastly, to say no more, there is talk of it being necessary to give up the methods by which Catholics have hitherto endeavoured to recall their separated brethren, and to have recourse to other methods. On this point it will be sufficient, Beloved :Son, to remind people that common prudence for bids the abandonment of a system which the ex perience of antiquity has justified, and which is in dicated in the Apostolic writings. The word of God tells us that it is the duty' of every one, ac cording to his condition, to work for the welfare of his neighbour. The faithful will very well fulfil this obligation imposed upon them by God by .purity of living, by works of Christian charity, and by earnest and continual prayer to God. But the members of the clergy, tQ fulfil this duty, must preach the Gosppl carefully, and fulfil their sacred duties with becoming gravitv and distinction, es pecially showing forth in themselves the teaching which the Apostle delivered to Titus and to Timothy. And if amongst the different methods of preaching the word of God that is deemed preferable by which addresses are delivered to non-Catholics in any suitable unconsecrated place rather than in churches, and in the form of friendly talks rather than of disquisitions, there is no objection to be made, provided, however, that those priests only who shall have previously given proof of their knowledge and virtue shall be nominated to this work by episcopal authority. 'AMERICANISM.' From what We have already said, Beloved Son, it is evident that We can in no way approve of those opinions which sometimes are included under the name of Americanism. If, indeed, by that word is meant certain qualities of mind which distinguish the people of America, as other nations are distin guished, and insofar as the expression applies to the constitution of your States and your laws and customs, there is not assuredly the smallest reason for us to think that it should be rejected. But if it is used not only to describe but also to justify the errors We have already pointed out, what doubt can there be that Our Venerable Brethren the Bishops of America will be the first to reject and condemn it as injurious to themselves and 'the whole nation? For it would lead one to suspect that there are amongst you men who make out that the Church in America is different from what it is in other coun tries, and mean it to be so. The Church is one by *her unity of doctrine and rule; she is Catholic, too; and since God has decided that her centre and foun dation should be in the Chair of Blessed Peter, she is rightly also called Roman, for where Peter is there is the Church (St. Ambrose in Ps. xi., 57). Wherefore, whoever wishes to be regarded as a Catholic ought to put in practice the words of St. Jerome to Pope Damasus : ' I, following no Chief but Christ, am in communion with your Holiness, that is with the Chair of Peter. I know that on that rock the Church was built, and whoso gathereth not with thee seattereth.' These instructions which We give to you, Beloved Son, in fulfilment of our duty, in a special letter, We will take care are communicated to the Bishops of the United States, thus once more bear ing witness to the affection We bear to your own people, which in times past has already done great things for religion, and which, with God's help, will do still greater things in times to come. To you and to all the faithful of America, as h pledge of heavenly blessings, We lovingly impart the Apostolic Benediction. Given at St. Peter's, Rome, on the 22nd of Jan., 1899, in the twenty-first year of Our Pontificate. L'EO XIII., POPE. 