OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] May 23, Genders are not the same in all languages. About those sanctioned by English grammarians wo Britishers are pretty certain, since they arbitrarily range man, he, she, or it but when the French apply masculines und feminines to our neuters we get slightly befogged. And yet I suspect they must be right, because the gender of that section of the Australian climate allotted to Victoria is distinctly feminine. It is as variable and uncertain as the most capricious among women, and It teaches you the same reason that when you see upon her face the sunshine of a smile, if you are wise you will keep a golden silence and devoutly thank your stars that you are permitted to bask therein, lost by venturing to remark upon it you straightway sends the indicator round from " set fair to "stormy." Upon this rock of silver speech have I come to grief. Last week, at this time, I was expatiating upon our good fortune, and upon the golden glories of imperial autumn. Scarcely was the missive mulled when the golden glories vanished, and for the imperial purple was substituted the bodies (and eke the sodden) gray of winter. From that point till now it has not ceased to rain and blow. sleet and hall mingled have been our closest acquaintances. On Sunday night the wind blew with hurricane force. The telegraph lines came down by the run. The coastal steamers stood out to sea and failed to keep time. Many of the smaller craft, the fishing boats and yachts, came to grief, and that no loss of life has been reported has given ground for almost as much surprise us satisfaction. The skies are still very sleepy, and the present chances are that we shall have a wet Queen's Birthday. In this, perhaps, there will be no departure from common custom. It generally is " wet," though in a somewhat different sense. The above mention suggests the future remark that form staid, elderly gentleman Her Most Gracious Majesty's representative in Melbourne does not spare himself. He is to hold a levee at Government House at 10 to-morrow morning ; then he takes train at 11 for Kyneton, where he will be present at the marching competition he has instituted for the Defence Force, in which about 1500 troops will take part in their different battalions ; he then returns to town and gives the birthday dinner in the evening. Next evening he and Lady Brassey entertain 1,000 invited guests at a musical evening, and the next evening he goes to a ball at Prahran Town-hall, so it is certain that though nest the first flush of early manhood His Excellency does not shirk the duties of his position. While writing of the heavy rains we have lately experienced, I was reminded that, notwithstanding this abundance of water, one of the notable deliverances of the past week has been in connection with a demand for more. And Mr. E. G. FitzGibbon was the deliverer. Before the great fire in Flinders-street, Supcrln toudent Stein, of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade, persistently complained that the water-power of the city, though sufficient, was not eatable, and he wanted a lain, main laid down In certain streets for use in extinguishing fires. Since the big blaze the demand for this has grown in force, but the answer of Mr. FitzGibbon, as chairman of the Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works, has been " Very well, lay them." Because, he and his Board would not move even to the extent of furnishing additional fireplugs the insurance companies, after the warning given them, have increased the rate in certain localities. This has roused the ratepayers, and last week a conference of representatives of musical politics and the Metropolitan Board met to discuss the matter. Now, be it understood that the FitzGIbbonian Board has control of the whole water supply of city and suburbs, and then you will please try and realise the position assumed by the man who declares that this water is for domestic purposes, and that it is the duty of the body charged with the business of extinguishing fires (as.,, the Fire Brigade) to provide the means. "Why, this is ridiculous I" exclaimed the Mayor, and then Mr. Fitz, rose to indignantly protest against anything that he thought proper to say being styled ridiculous. He wants it to be understood that If he says a thing is, the thing is, even if it isn't, and he hotly resents any suggestion to the contrary. Perhaps, if the FltzGIbboniun mansion caught fire, and Mr. Stein refused to use the water in the main because it was not provided to put out fires, but to boiL in tea- kettles, the White Knight might then be able to see the ridiculous side of his re- mark. Meanwhile, we are to understand that,, for all he cares, the city may blaze, but no finger will he was to make a better water supply available, and instead of may region, he will wait till he ismovedonbyan Act of Parliament. Bytheway his term of office expires on the 30th inst., but be considers that be, has a. Hen, on the post-' Mon, and looks,confldpntry forward to his re-election. The heresy hurricane has developed a now phase, and has become even more violent than before. About a week ago the Rev. Rentoul wrote to the Argus n ebaractodstlc letter, in which, almost In express terms, he called his dear but erring brother Ferguson a thief and a liar -a thief for having stolen the ideas he advanced in his book, and a liar for nils representing matters in connection with the examination of his certificate and commission from the Church in Scotland upon his application for admission into the Church in Victoria. In that same issue, directly under the letter, appeared another from the. Rev G. Tait, Dr. Rentoul's colleague and a member of the committee which dealt with Mr. Fergu- son's application for admission, stating that after waiting for two months for Dr. Rentoul to do just ice to the Rev. l-'ei-gusoij, as this had not been done, he (Mr. Tait) could keep silence no longer, hut In fair- ness and common justice was compelled to state that no such demur us Dr. Rentoul alleged (on the score of scholarship had over been raised. No demur had been raised, and to have questioned the commission of the Scottish Church would have been an unheard of proceeding. The effect of this may be guessed. As he had bludgeoned the Rev. Ferguson, Dr. Rentoul proceeded to bludgeon the Rev. Tait ; but the latter is Arm though temperate, and the conviction is becoming general that the too aggressive professor has very badly put his foot In It. A personal item of a more pleasant character has Sir George Turner for a subject. When he was in London during the Jubilee year, In common with the other premiers, he was seized upon by the inevitable photographer, who turned him out on a large scale, magnificently upholstered In bullion braided coat, white silk knee breeches, white stockings, and shoes to match, and a court sword; In fact, all the glory of a Right Hon. P.C. in court dress. By last mail came a belated present of his own picture in a splendnoioiis gilt frame, with a modest intimation think the artist had plenty more to dispose of at a guinea each, and would be glad to be supplied with a list of Sir George Turner's friends. As- the letter was addressed officIally, it was opened by the Premier's Secretary, and by him laid before his chief. "Wants a list of my friends, does he," remarked our George, and then with a twinkle in his eye be added, " All right, send him the electoral roll for St. Kilda." An event of the week was the meeting in the Town-hall, called by the Mayor to express sympathy with the Uitlanders. About 400 were present, and the sympathy was duly expressed, as the Mayor put it, " to strengthen the hands of Mr. Chamberlain, theSoeretarj-of State for the Colonies." Two or three speakers wished to dissent, but were treated as " uitlanders " and laughed out of a hearing. Still, despite the resolution and the cheering, the more general feeling is certainly- that which was voiced by an outsider, who said, "Sympathy! I have no sympathy to spare for the fellows who slipped up Dr. Jim, and would not lift a hand to help him or help themselves. But all the same I don't like the idea of the old flag being jumped on by a set of ignorant and insolent and semi-barbarous Boers." The beet sugar business is getting no forwarder, but the effort to straighten out the difficulty is furnishing fresh evidence of what protection does toward develop- ing the independence and self-reliance of a people. To get an impartial report on the failure the Government has sent Mr. Van de Velde up to Maffra ; the gentleman to whose advocacy the whole affair is due. He called the farmers together to get their promise to grow beet, and the modest proposal was made at the meeting that the Government should pay them for so doing a bonus of £2 per acre. And why not? If the Government give the company £2 for every £1 of capital subscribed, taking a lieu on the plant for the advance, , why should it not give the growers of per I acre and take a lien on the best tops for the repayment in the sweet by-and-by f Sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander, but Mr. Van de Velde discouraged the idea, and the conclusion arrived at was that the farmers would carry out their contracts. If before the 31st first, they are assured that the company will be able to carry out its part of the bargain. This really means collapse! and so the :8G2,000 maybe written off the public ledger. The last has been a grand theatrical week. The first event was the Coppin complimentary- conversazione at the Town hall, when all the notables, official and other, of the city were present to do honour to the veteran actor, philanthropist, and politician. The Chief Justice delivered the congratulatory address, and after an exhaustive reply, reviewing his career in Australia, Mr. Coppin added two numbers to the programme amid vociferous ap The second notable event was the great ovation tendered, to Mr. Julius Knight and Miss Ada Ferrar when they closed their season on Thursday night. It was genuine and hearty. The governor, Lady Brassey, and a large Government House party were present, and both in the afternoon and evening the house was packed from floor to ceiling. Next came the splendid production of The Forty Thieves by an all-Australian company at the same theatre on Saturday night. The firm deserves to succeed, if only for its indefatigable energy in cater- ing for public ' taste. Tragedy, drama, opera bouffe, musical comedy, and extravaganza have followed in fast succession, each one more lavishly staged than the last, and the rollicking Forty about breaks the record. Comparisons are " odorous," I know: but it is impossible to resist saying that, while Mr. Williamson can produce such a success as The Forty with the material right at hand, he need not go to New York any more for its hollow ' or beaux. Bland Holt has at last sworn off Woman and Wine, and is now telling the public in dramatic style How London Lives, ft is not so highly sensational as his last few productions, but It makes us stronger appeal to the sympathies, and keeps closer to probabilities. It is staged with the usual liberality, and is drawing good houses. By the way, I do not think I mentioned, though I intended to do so, that the last production was noteworthy for the first appearance on any stage of the youngest performer in Australia. It came about thus. The business of the play requires a property baby, an infant a few weeks old, and the property baby was at first duly forthcoming. Mr. Albert Norman, engaged in the piece has his conduct at places river at Brighton ; but alas uxor and he had it to themselves, there being no sound of infantile too or cry in that comes, till one night in the first weeks of the play the cry came like the cry of a lost and wailing angel from outside the lattice. Vxor listened, and as it was repeated went out and found an infant a week or two old well dressed and well nurtured, abandoned just beneath the window bill.- Of course It was decided to keep it, and a nurse was duly engaged to look after it. Then as the story was discussed in the green-room, the up-to-date Mr. Bland exclaimed, "By Jupiter! Just the prop we want ; sent right on purpose. Why not let the nurse bring it on in that scene, and then take it home again. I'll put it on salary, and you can bank the beans for its future, use. What d'ye say, Norman?" Norman said "Done, and so for 10 minutes each evening the baby appeared, played as to the manner born, having nothing to say was letter perfect in its part, and then gracefully retired, the smallest, youngest salaried member of any dramatic company in Australia. The salary is banked as regularly as the ghost walks, and thus it comes that few walls have been so fortunate as to get so early a start in life. . 