A Visit- to ' Jhndngton.' A contempsrary publishes an interest ing account of a visit which one of its staff paid recently to Mr. George Marner's residence, ' Iiamington,' Victoria- road (Vic.) Upon arrival tbe visitor was re ceived by Mr. -Harner himself, who had many noteworthy things to say concerning himself and daughter, which the energetic pressman Boon turned into copy. ' I thought I would lose my daughter, Miss Alice,' said Mr. Marner to the reporter; 'the wot overgrowing her strength. Medical men coidd do nothing for her.' Hero Miss Marker entered and J quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from' death and disaster. ' I commenced, some two years ago, to. feel very ill after- retnrning home from school,' said she, ' I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to myhed^but experienced a continued languid fading that made me most miserable. Fattier took ro^ jto see a doctor, and he said' I was overgrowing my strength, and! was iutaMen exert .myself. . As I l»d no inclination to do so, there was no &ar; of my disobeying this order, and I took the ''quinine tonic' given me, with regu larity. r -Then 1 commenced -to feel acute pains in my shoulders and IjiBk. andrat night I could sgnoely get aj^y rest.'- We tried everything $0 induce eleep,' inter posed Mr. Bfarher. but it had- no eQeet; then I ccnsultel a weH-hnown Gollins street practitioner. He said mydatt^ier was suffering principally, from weidmera, and advised, a -change. ? Her mother .took her away for a trip - In Queensland, but she retqrned looking worse. She would; also retch on risiiig in the morning ; any food-taken conld not be kept^down. Sto lo^j|fi^ and h@came like a mere ghost^V '- Tbie time iast year,' said Miss rAiioe, ' I weighed 7al. Bib., now I amflat.-Tlb.'?' ^* A great improvement j yom; - in-at^ ment must have beneficial ' * No, all the medicine I got did me very little good, Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Sale People deserve that credit. - Just, before the jubilee holidays,, father bought me a box of Dr. ^vmii^ms' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasance's, Ghapel street, Prabran ; they did me eo muoh good that l continued with.tbem. It. is a long .thne since I discontinued taking them- and I am now as healthy ai any one could wiuh.' ' And you would miommend them ?' ' Yes, and that strongly too,' Biud Mr. Manser, 'hadJ known of Dr. Williams' Pink ; Mils two yeara /before, it woidd have saved ine a hundred pounds.' The tpnia properties of Dr. Williams' Knk Pills bnQd : up fits constitutiou, strengthen' the system, *prioh tiie blood, and improve the brain. They are a cer tain cure Jar indigesUon, ailments arising from the heat, ^mples, sldn diseases, liver and kidney tronblBs, 'bilionsness, anaemt6,flleepleesness,Theflmati«m, 1am feago, loss of physical strength, nsnralgia, ^1 female irr^nlariHes, debility, sick headaclui, loss of vital forces, to. Obtain able from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company c/o Bocke, : . Tomptitt ft Co., Hindera Street, ^Ielbonnie, who wUl forward Isi^ boxes for 15s. 8d^ or one box for 2s. post free. ^ , Bertareof poisonous uattattD&f; sold at greatly lower prices than the genuine pills. Insist 'won seeing the fefJ name, D(r. Williams' Pink B01s, for Sale P^oplp, on each box purchased. Iqjita Uluna are dangeroi^, 