Rudyard Kipling's Latest. AN APPEAL TO THE STATES. It has been said that Kipling is a ' Poet of Force,' and 'tis true. He rarely sings of sweer, soft things, and this last) poem i- like unto Kipling — and original. There is a bitterness in it, and a philosophy in it that sets a man to thinking : — THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. Take up the White Man's burden — , Send forth the beat ye breed — (_!o, bind your sons to exile To serve your captives' need ; To wait in heavy harness, On fluttered fo k and wild— Your uew-nauvht, sullen peoples, Half iieviland half child. Take up the White Man's burden — In patience to abide, To veil the threat of terror Ami check the show of pride : 13y open speech and simple, An hundred times made plain, To seek another's profit And work another's gain. Take up the White Man's burden - The savage wars of peace, fill full the mouth of famine, And bid the. sickness cease ; Anil when your goal is uearest (i'lie end foe others sought) W.iti-h sloth and h-utheu lolly Bring all your hopes to. nought ! Lake uu the White Mau's burden — No iron rule of kintjs. But toil of serf and sweeper — Ihe tale ot commou things. The ports ye shall not enter, The ro.ids ye shall not trt'ad, Go, make them with your liviug Ami mark them with your dead '. Take up the White Man's burden, And reap his old reward — The blame of those ye better The hate of those ye guard — The cry uf -ghost - ;. e humour (Ah, .-lowly '.) toward the lighs : — ' Why brought ye us from bondage. Our loved Kgyptian night '.' ' Take up thy White Man's burden Ye dare not stuok lo less — Nor eall too loud on fieedom To eloke your wi-uriness. !!y all ye will or whi.-p- r, !'-;. ,iii ye leave or do, Tiie silent sullen peoples Shall weigh ynur God :ind you. Take up the White Mini's Lurdou '. Have di.'ue with eliiUlisti 'iays — 'I'll.: Uylitly-prollered laurel, The easy, uusirudged pruise : Ci.Tties uow, to se.irch your manhood Throunh all the thaakless ytuvrs, C'li, fiig.d with dtMr- bouylit wisiion The judgment of your peer's. 