On Monday last, *ays 'Fairplaj-' of June 13', 'news was received' of tie arrival at New Caledonia of the Glasgow ship Red Rock, which was pasted as musinc on the .'tu 'inst.,. and was to have been i«id (or tliin week. She was on a voyage irom Townavilie, Queensland, to New Caledonia, and sailed -jn February 20, being spoken a week later oS Magnetic Island. As the whole voyage is less than 1,500 miles, it might be expected that it would bo accom plished in tiiteen to twenty-live days, but the Red Rock has taken 111 days, and was generally given up as hopeless. Tins is the first instance within the last twenty years of the arrival of the ship after actual post ing at Lloyd's, although the Ravenscrag, which arrived at Callao on April 10, 189$, after a passage of 1S4 days from Pugut .Sound, and «'« up for enquiry, and would liarc been i-o*ted in two days if she bad not 'arrived. Another remarkable case liap jiened some time in the sixties. The ail ing ship lizzie and Kate, from London so Ccylou, was posted as a. missing ship, and o total low was paid by her. She after wards arrived, to the great surprise and de light of the underwriter!!.' It is a curious fact that Strauss, who pr£ dnccd more waltzes than any other com poser, and whose music was so tuneful and irresistible, should have never danced a step in his life, and nearly always composed on .a harmonium, lie was unlucky in his matrimonial affairs; his first wife died and his second be divorced, his widow being his third. lie was by no means a man of one talenr only, being a very fair black and-white draftsman, a clcrcr gardener, and could have made large sums of money as a professional billiard player. Curiously enough, on his deathbed hi* hypochondria left him completely. An hour before he died he was arranging to have a rubber of whist in the evening with his doctor and some friends. His fortune, amounting to nearly- £100,000, has been left, with the ex ception of a small annuity for bis wife, to a Society for the promotion and cultivation of good music, and the encouragement of yeung cobi|kmh.ts.— 'Woman's World.' **A town made in a week' seems a rather startling announcement, but this is what actually happened, if we may tnut the 'Morning Post.*' ' The place in question. is Mountain View, in Oklahoma Territory, America. A little orcr a month ago the site was a few square miles of deserted ground, but a number of settlers, unable to secure laud in any populated part of the territory, banded together, and resolved to construct a town for themselves. After at tending to their personal requirements, all the men joined .forces, and built a muni cipal building, containing offices for the city officials, a Courtroom, and a legislative hall. When all this had been accomplished an election was arranged. The men divided into two parties, and nominated a full list of municipal olticers, including a Mayor. The voting followed, and half an hour later the result was declared, and the inaugural ceremonies took place. The Chateau of Valencay, which was the scene of the splendid hospitalities of Prince Tjuleyraiid, has been dismantled in conse quence cf. disputes between the heirs of the late Due de Valencay, and the result of their family quarrel* is that the pictures, old furniture, and objects of art have been sold by auction in Paris. There was keen competition for the well-known portrait of Christopher Columbus, by Sebastiano del Picmbo, which was exhibited at Chicago m 1893, and it realized jL'UOQ. The famous bust of 3IoHere, by Iioudon, in white marble, fetched £2,000. A bust of Talley rand, by Bosio, which was^valucd by the experts at ±'240, was run up to £1,604. A Louis XVI. drawing-room suite of twelve pieces actually realized 1*12,720. The following is taken from an exchange: — 'According to a message from Albany, New York, a woman who has begun an action for divorce from her husband claims that the ghost of her husband's first wife in£i*U the house and makes her miserable. It tpptare at nights and frightens her so that she' is unable toelccp. It comes near to her and indulges in paroxysms of weep ing, and occasionally it smashes the furni ture. The petitioner** assertions were at first Jaughed *t, but »-hc persisted in them, and u*-on being medically examined waa declared *anc.*' The largest dry dock in the world will be the one now -bein? constructed by' the New port (Rhode Island) .Shipbuilding Com parer. Its length inside the caisson will be S06 ft., the breadth on the floor 80 ft., and at the top IS! ft.; depth of water over the sill at average high water 30 ft. The '-School World,' Messrs. MacMillan and Co/s new and up-to-date educational magazine, kecjw up its high standard in the sixttt monthly number, which has come to hand, rpocial features being articles on the teaching of English composition, and of geometry, also a chapter on school hygiene. Attention is directed to an announcement that a lecture on copper, illustrated by ex periment?, will be delivered bv Mr. S. rluelie*. B.&., at the School of Mines and Industrie* on Friday evening, July 21. Ad mission will be free. Otto II. Ilus. ibc Swim Medical Clairvortnt, may be comnltcd at the Botanic Hotel. North tcnace, Adelaide, on Monday, Tuodajr, and n'ed neiaay, the 21st, itml, and Sfcd of August, till noon -rf last day. &rta; Alpine Herbal Treatment. Patients at s distance can be diagnoncd bjr sending a lock of hair cut doae to tbe roots; ao other person but patient must tout n the hair. Correct diagtosis suaniaeed. Fee, lft». Gd. Ueftxmnu addreM. Otto B. Hit*. Ea« Melbourne. nsSa Cbas. Birks & Co. keep in stock two spe cial qualities in White l)re*s Shirts. The one at six shillinp and ninepencc is the cheapest Shirt in the market, and the one at nine shillings and sixpence is the best Shirt in the market. n!04c 