A TALE OF HORROR. A gentleman name Leadbetter, a hop-mt'r cbant, resident in one of tbe western counties, had for many yearn made a practice of attend ing tbe groat annual Fair at Waybill, as a pur ' chaser of tbe commodity in which he chiefly dealt. It happened on one occasion, tbat he arrived at the inn to which be »Iways went, some hours later than usual ; and on going into the house be learned, to his regret,that so much jompany had arrived before him, that every bed was oi>gaged. Rather tban go to any house to which be was a stronger, he determined to have a bed made upon some chairs in tbe travel lers' room. Mrs. Symouds, tbe landlady, was about to carry this arrangement into effect, when sbc happened to recollect thai there was an ostler.'s room in tbe yard, wbich pot-uibly Mr. Leadbetter might preter to sleeping in a room where be might be liable to be disturbed very early in the morning. To this tbo gentleman willing acceded; aud after some short time,he passed up the gallery in tbe yard whioh led to tbe apart ment, aud retired to bed. Sleep lent its leuden influence soon to the weary traveller, and he reposed soundly, until a strange aoise in the gallery wbich be bad ascended, roused him into sense again. The noise was that of an extremely heavy footstep. Mr. Leadbetter counted every step ; and, to bis alarm, the sound increased, until tbe cause of it reached the door of his apartment. ID an instant a tall and gauntfieure entered the reom, with a candle in one hand, aud a butcher's knife in tbe other. Mr. L. attempted to speak,but bis voice fuiled him, and the figure approached the bed, It shook the horror-stricken man ; then drew tbe knife several limes acrosn'bis own throat ; went to a table in tl.u room, set down the light, and immediately quitted the place Mr. Leadbettir begou to breathe agaiu ; he imagined, after a few minutes, that he must have been dream ing ; and yet, tho candle aud candlestick on ; tbe table were no pbantoms, tbey were palpable | realities. He instantly rose with an intent to lock the door, but found that it was without | lock or bolt, and that there was nothing else in tbe room but the bedstead of any weight, As tbis fortunately ran on casters, he rolled it to j tho door, aud thinking himself - then tolerably safe from further intrusion, be endeavoured to go to sltep again. But sleep would no more I revisit his eyelids ; aud be lay tossing about ' until, in about an hour, he heard the same ' sounds wbich bad before alarmed him, renewed on the gallery stairs, and in a few seconds, the door of bis room being pushed with great violeuce, his bed was rolled into the middle of j tbe apartmcut, aud again tbe horrid figure stood bete l.im ! Tho faculties uf speech nnd motion now forsook him quite ; the figure shook bim again with fierce gesticulation, and sgain , drawing tbe knife across its throat. Mr. Lead better obstrved tbat marks of blood were on tbe blade, which were not there before I It 1 then passod awa> from tbe room, and tbe | remainder of Mr. Leadbetter's sense fled wilb it ; he sweoned and remained for some time i insensible. As soon as he came to himself be put on biB clothes with the best speed his agitation would allow, and descended iuto tie yard of the iuu. Jn a stable there be saw a light, and on approaching it, found a man dressing down some horses, to whom fce communicated tbut something particular had happened, and that be must bare Mr. and Mrs Symonds cilled up immediately. Tbe landlord came down ; and on expressing his apprehension tbat Mr. Lead better was very ill,-as bis looks seemed to indi cate, was informed tbat indeed he was not well. Mr. L. proceeded tu relate all that happened to him, and concluded by expressing his firm con viction tbat Bome horrible murder had been committed on the premises in the night, Mr. Symonds on hearing the title, was scarcely less alarmed than the relater. The house was quickly roused by the terrors of tbe host and hosters ; and tbe business ot tho fair was almost forgotten in the wonder excited by the story, wbich lost nothing by repetition to tlie several guests of tbe inn, as tbey suc cessively inquired iuto the cause of tbe early disturbance, At six o'clock the ostler, whose room Mr. L. had occupied, arrived from a lodging which ho bad got in the town, ou being turned out of his usual bed. Much pleasure whs i xpressed 011 seeing him ; and ou the story being told him, " Why," said he, " I'll lay my life I know the ghost very well ; it wbb the deaf and dumb fellow that comes to help me tu kill the pigs, and who always comes up to my room to call me when wc have one to kill " The murder was cut ! It was indeed the deaf and dumb fellow, who had made an appointment with the ostler to kill a pig at four o'clock in tbe morning, and who, thinking the ostler lazy ; had gone first to awaken him, and a second time for tbe same purpose after he had stuck the pig. 