6LACKERY. ' Bnt (till his tongue ran on. And with ita everlasting olaek Bet all men's eaiB upon tbe raok,' — Hdcibeab. The average income of Miss Ada CroBsley, the Australian contralto, in said to be close on .£2000 a year, and is likely to increase very quickly. 11 Gbaftee ' writeB : ' No doubt the new mountain road will be an acquisition to touriete, but I consider the first ser vice for tbe road to pertorm eaouia De to bear the buroen of a rock drill plant in order to put a tunnel into the mountain and Up it for a supply of water j also, there is the possibility of a mineral supply. Somebody described Tasmania to an intending mainland visitor as theSnutlern Isle of Man. The tourist looked up tbe last census returns and discovered that Ho liar t and Launceston bad more femsleB than males. ' oi much like the Isle of Man,1' lie remarked. ' iiore like the Isle of Woman !' Governor H ami-den (N.S.W.) objecte to Tod bloaa'a style of riding. ' Grrace f ulness c f eeat Bhould not be sacrificed to the mere desire to win, and owners, in order to save the lives and limbs of the jockeys, might just as well import a special 1 reed of monkey.' All the same, Prince Tummy Wales patronised the Yankee jock, Tod also found it neces sary to tnub the too friendly advancss of the society ladies. Journalistic plums : Labouchere draws &n; income from London Truth of JE40.000 a -year. Alt. Harmsworth, proprietor of London Daily Mail (and 30 odd other papers) derives an income of £140,000 per annum from journalism. He pave a ball the other day, at which tne nowers aiooe uobs *-iu,uuu. ine Tasmanian Clipper pays the handsome divvy of — hum ! Likewise comparisons are odious. Theee is not in history a record of anything so disgraceful to the human in tellect as that the commercial text, ' buy in the cheapest market, sell in the dearest,' could represent an available system of economy. Charcoal may be cheap among your roof timbers after a fire, and bricks may be cheap after an earthquake. — Ku6kin. Goterkor Bbabset'e visit to the West Coast didn't pan out so well as 6ome imagined it would. There was much talk of ' tbe old man of the sea's ' libe rality. There isn't such talk now. Tbe boots of one of the hostel ries patronised by His Excellency for several days didn't get even the usual bob on putting in tbe luggage. BraEEet's Tasmanian reputa tion for tips rune in double harness with his Victorian. When the Zeehan swashbucklers re ceived Gov. Brassey the common Tommy Atkins, of course, only caught a vice regal glare, while officers Morrisby and Brown were pump-handled. They duly escorted the party as far as the Western tramway, where manager ProviB quietly shook hands with them, but didn't ask 'em to come and 'ave a feed alongside the Guvernor. Provis evidently doesn't believe in encouraging loyalty by means of the stomach. Whites 'Gertrude' in Qviz: — 'A youDg wife who is on tbe list of mj dearest friends made up her mind not a very great while ago to give a juvenile party, and she hastened to acquaint her maid-of-all-work, a buxom, rosy-cheeked girl from the rural districts, with h«r project. ' Rhododendron,' she said, ' I am going to give a party next week, and I do hope that you will make yourself useful. ' Thank you, mum,' replied Rhodo., with a grin of alarming propor tions, ' I'll do my best, out I carnt darnce.' ' Recently an official on a big Wes*. Coast company's works striking, the secretary and general boss in the town ship hospitably invited him to the nearest pub and shouted champagne, pro bably with a view of showing him that, it was a pleasure for him to regale the mighty one. Later on in the day he called back at the pub and entered upon a lengthy controversy with the barmaid re the bottle of fizz, on which finally, to get rid of him, a reduction of two bob was made. Yet he was not satisfied with this. Meeting the proprietor next day, he was very anxious to put it to him that the barmaid was no bally good. But boniface knew better. ' Old Sport ' tells the following yarn in tbe Cabcoab Chronicle ? — ' The talk in morning trains is generally interest ing, but it pretty nearly became sul phurous in a Strathfield car a short time ago. The tjpic of woman's teggery having been dragged up, a pompous city magnate loudly said . ' I don't care what anyone else may say, my wife wears the finest silk underclothing that money can buv.' 'That's a fact,' cliipped m a lonp, thin, DUBiness-iooKing pany in me corner of the car, ' and no one knows it better than I do.' ' Sir,' roared the boaster, as he jumped on his feet, purple with rage, and began to pull up his cuffs. ? What the ? ' ' Oh, it's all right, old man, keep your hair on,' said the other traveller quietly, ' I know, because the lady buys all her clothing at my shop.' And peace waved her olive wand once more.' ' Banjo ' Patterson having discovered eome good traits in the character of mil lionaire Tyson, and fits him with a heavenly halo, thusly : But in Hint lnat. groat drafting yard, Where Peter keeps the Rate, And foule of sinners find it barred, And ro to meet their fate; There's one who ought to enter in, For pood deeds done on earth ; Such decdE as merit ought to win Kind deeds ol'stcrliug worth. Kot by the straight and narrow gate, Reserved for wealthy men, Hat tlir.nuph tbe big gule opened wide, The grizzled figure, eat'lii-eypd, Will travel through — ind then Old iWer'JIeny : ' Wk pass him through, Tliere'e ninny ii thiug ho used to do, (inod-iieartnd tliincrathat no one knew: XJiol'eX.V.S.O.M,-' When the furnaces belched forth their poisonous fames at Broken Hill bird life was unknown j but now that the smelting works have been removed to PortPirie large colonies of sparrows are migra ting to the silver city. Pbeiiieb Bbaodok, Or, MoOall, and Mr. TomCaUett, Braddon'sold opponent, made things rather lively at Ulveretone on Wednesday night. Sir Edward reached the apex of statesmanlike repartee by telling Dr. McCaU nlninlv tViot if ha wanted the Don Hill shifted he had better taokle the job himself! Aldebm an Bbadlby's luck is right ont. At considerable personal risk he fished a email boy out of the harbor tbe other day — and the general election Is ho far off that the heroic deed willl be well nigh forgotten by then. The next small be y who wants saving will please oblige by choosing a more fining time to go for a swim. A Bio cargo of lawyers was dumped down at htrafaan wharf, all returning from holidays. With one accord they agreed to have a swim. One, anxious to show off bis natato.'y powers, swum opt a long way and was suddenly faced by a shark. After a few moments bard staling the fish tipped an appreciatory wink at hie legal brother, turned tail, and vanished into tbe bosom of the murky Macquarie. By a recent decision in a New South WaleB court of justice, sewing machine agents are brought to the level of com mon hawkers before they can do busi ness, It was contended than any one Belling or offerig for sale any kind of goods, from a Becond-hand pistol to steam engines must be the holder of a haw ker's licence, and it seems only right that the sewing machine fiend should oome under the same category. Hehasagood deal of rope in this country. A parson whose salary has not been paid for several mouths told the trustees that he must have bis money, as his family were suffering from the want of the necessities of life. ' Money !' ex claimed one of the trust noted for his meanness, 'Money! Do you preach for money P I thought you preached for the good of bouIb.' The minister re plied, ' So I do, but I can't eat souls. And if I did it would take a thousand Buch as yours to make a good meal.' Our old friend Ju Ju writes to Wes tralian papers ' to counteract, if pos sible, an erroneous impression which seems deeply rooted in the minds of many in Perth that the W.A. Exhibition will either be postponed or is never to be.' Jules announces that the annexes are filling up fast, and 'the exhibition will open irrevocably as announced on March 21, 1899,' Good old Ju Ju! At walloping life into a dead donkey he is a pre-eminent. THESE matters ought really to be better aironged. John Bradley is not a candi date for election, yet he gaine fame for saving a drowning youngster. Patterson, who is a candidate, can only find a trumpery cab accident for the e'obber Borne dailies to chronicle, Cannot some small boy be bribed to fall in the water when tbe would-be representative of pro putty is passing. Tbe riek wou'd not be g.cat, for any small boy wonld have sense enoagh to have a reliable pal bandy in case the stout peruon went on strike at the last moment. Gbattan Uiqgs it a comedian, after all. When in Hobart, last week, he successfully pulled the Meecuey's leg with the anoient story about the sailor's parrot and the chickens. Evidently our respected contemporary is not aware that the yarn is protected by the Baby lonian copyright law, and that the ghost of Nebuchadnezzar is specially deputed to enforce the penalty, brother George's chaplain may be able to square the ghoBt ; in that lies the Mebcubt's onlv hope. Is it stretching a theory too far to sug gest that the reason why Borne sensitive persons cannot and will not wear certain garments lies in the curses stitched into them by sweated girls aud women ? People who believe that an illness can be diag nosed from a glove worn by a sick person, or a pocket haudkerehiuf, may be willing to consider whether a shirt or blouse on which many bitte* team have fallen may not have Borne occult influence on the wearer thereof. Tbe workers forget that by patronising tbe cheap ehopB they add enormously to the sweating of their unfor tunate Bisters. They would do well to con sider in buying a sbirt or blouse ?' for nexi to noihinp' how mani curses are sewn up in it — Adelaide Herald. Miss Lydia Lyonb, the daughter of Major Lyons, of Chicngo, and a religious crank, went out to work among the Indians. Amon . all the Arapaboes there was one fierce, wild spirit she could not Christianise. He waa I'ixico, the finest fighter and the worst Indian of the tribe. ' I will become a Christian if you will become my wife,' he said. ' I will be come your wife if you will not oommit a sin in thrne years, Bhe answered in a moment of despair, never dreaming for a moment the Bavage could keep his com pact. But he was stoic, like all Indians. And he did. She recently plunged a dagger into her heart. Tixico, drunk ever 6inco the night of their wedding, had their baby murdered. The law now intends to hang I'ixico. Ar The Clipped goes to press the corner is discussing a fabulous Mt. Iteid assay. The management are mum, only to shareholders ; but it is understood that it is llOOoz 6ilver and H'ois gold to the ton. Evidently a very small pocket has been struck, as the shares have only jumped from 17* to 21s !M buyers for the week. Teddy Mclcaiiy, M.H.A., brings along the Mai- cntii! Opiralics from Zeehan to Hubart, nnd will plant it at the Theatre Royal. We wicli the co. every success that ii deserves, as it isn't their fault thai, (he show ip inti-ndeii to be run on pnlitical !iii'F. No paper Him refuses ti. woiship Te iny as a tinput .loss is in rcc-'ive :nlver lipinu favor* ; hIsm, ,,t c.uiwj hu will be tipeci'aJlr ?JiHpJvHue.l if I/is puliiicai nppo n'-'DtB occupy a cl.c. from Kuat. Don't some things pan out n heap of tailings in tliis funny little world of ours, 'Honebt Peoorebb' writes, re the navvies employed at Kelly's Basin :— ' I sincerely uphold advising them strongly to use a hammer quite heavy enough for tLa ^jMiainn. nnH hit.tin? while the iron is hot.' The Clipper would remind its correspondent that the only strone strike hammer is unionism, and unfortunately that does not yet exist at Kelly's Basin. Miner Bundle was killed last Mon day in a trench on the Silver Queen, owing to a fall of earth. The deceased was a member of the A.M. A., and his family will therefore be secured from immediate want. Another instance of the absolute fairness of a Fatman and Lawyer-ridHen Government and the entire absence of any dregs of ' the system ' in the official administration of to- day, may be found in the fact that the name of the most prominent agitator union? the aged un employed — sturdy old John O'Boyle — does not appear on the electoral roll Presumably, John has not been able to earn sufficient at the 3s.-a-day Govern ment 'relief works to qualify under the wages' clause of the Electoral Act. Also, it appears that the aforesaid iniquitous wages' clause is not allowed to remain a dead letter where it can be used to disfranchise an old man who speaks up on behalf of his mates. 'Maxim' writes, re recent B.A.. matches : — '? In the rapid firing match the remarks of a certain officer to com petitors were unwise, if not insulting. The field firing was reduced to a f »roe, as not oie of the G3 sbootistsknew the con ditions, only tbe umpire having that very requisite infoimation, and he reversed his decision. The team placed third did not fire the number of rounds stipulated, and one man fired three shots at the 200yds range. B. Company got credit for being the noisiest team, owing t' calling attention to a marker standing in front of the target, after the word ' protest* had been given. Three points were deduoted for saving life. Had the final decision read, Torpedo«s, 1, LA., 2, Brighton or B. Co., 3, it would have given satisfaction. A DIG battalion of Zeehan uin- tee-rf'''B being anxious to do reverence to Sir Fill up before hii banishment from tbie tight little dirt, speck, the Agenl-General stepped into a hotel, and thus saved his graball from being too vigorously pumphandled. He asked for the landlord and was told that he was in bed. 'Ho dear I Tell him I've bei-n htie.' 'What name, please, sir.' Such ignorance ar.iusisl tbe indignation of 1 1 e bed*ub,Vd ,w. ?? Mr Fill-tJp F-h, of -?? urse, tlii.-n-wlyaiipnn.ted Agent-General. Pon't you kuow me?' Reply: 'Who doesn't? Dicken.'' 