wBjsSfyg CHEATED. A FIGHT FOB LIFE. (By Gilbert Lloyd, in "Answers.") I. "Does it clank chains ana groan, Geoff?" "Or burn blue lights?" "Say, Sir Geoffrey, does it wear chain- armor or a shroud?" "Do they charge c-xtra for it in the rates and taxes?" "Is it a lady or a man?" "Is she good-looking?" "Does he look pale and sad?" "A real gliost, now! Waal, Sir Geoff, I guess this bar-onial hall is just about com-plete in its fixin's!" Sir Geoffrey Ambrose leaned over the billiard table, smilingly receiving the storm of chaff that was levelled from all sides upon his devoted head. "Wait a minute," he replied, "and just give nie the ghost of a chance of making this Ehot, and I'll tell you all about the Ghost of Greylands." Click! click! went the balls. "Good shot!" murmured the onlookers. "Game!" cried the noble earl, who was acting as billiard-marker. Sir Geoffrey placed his cue very de liberately in the rack, then turned to the group that lounged around the wide fire place of the billiard-room. "So you want me to tell you about our ghost?" he said, with an indulgent smile upon his guests. "Of course," they chorussed. "How dare you keep such a delightful mystery up your sleeve!" cried pretty Mrs Major Mantrap, reproachfully. "Or on your top-floor," added Miss Highflyer. "Turn down the lights," demanded a voice in the background; whereupon the noble earl, who above all things delight ed in making himself useful, promptly swftched off the electric light, leaving the room in darkness, save where the blaze of the fire lit the wide circle of ex pectant faces. Sir Geoffrey settled himself comfort ably in a wide arm-chair next to Miss, Chatteris. Somehow, by the way, Sir' Geoffrey invariably managed to remain in the close neighborhood of that lady. "The Ghost of Greylands," he began, "neither clanks chains nor groans. I cannot tell you whether it is a man or a woman, for it has never been seen." "Never been seen!" cried a disappoin ted chorus of voices. "Never," replied Sir Geoffrey; "in fact," he continued, "there is no ghost at all, unless one may attribute a haun ted character to an ill-fated room." "Which room?" queried a woman's voice, anxiously. "Is it mine?" cried one. "Or mine?" asked another. "Do not be alarmed, ladies," replied Sir Geoffrey; "no one sleeps there. The Blue Room has been closed for a cen tury, and this is its story:— "A very great uncle of mine, who founded Greylands Abbey about the end of the fourteenth century, was Cardinal Ambrose, who made a pilgrimage to Rome for the purpose of conferring with the famous or infamous Rodrigo Borgia, who was then known to the world as Pope Alexander VI. '.'Tradition tells that the cardinal made himself exceedingly useful to the Pope's son, Caesar Borgia, of whom, I have 110 doubt, you have all heard." "Say, Sir Geoffrey, wasn't he seme soft of a cousin to the general who annexed these islands about nineteen hundred years ago?" queried Mr Hogg, of Chica go — a travelled American of an inquir ing mind. "I am afraid I cannot enlighten you_ on that point, Mr Hogg," replied Sir Geoffrey, with a smile; "all I know of Caesar Borgia is that he was a gentle man who was famous for his chemical experiments upon his friends." "Like Sir Charles, here, who's always walking round with a tube of cholera germs, or Tellow Jack, or fits of some sort or another stored away in his waist coat pockets!" replied Mr Hogg, indicat ing a famous Fellow of the Royal Col lege of Surgeons, who, on his hands and knees before the fire, ,was busily em ployed in turning a large baking of chestnuts. "What scandal are you retailing about me now, Hogg?" laughed Sir Charles Stanton, throwing him a fiery hot chest nut. "I was thinking about that nigger you tried to kill down at St. Augusta last fall." "I did not kill the nigger, Hogg; and I firmly believe that you were the man who told him that my yellow fever prepara tions were, charms against the Ju-ju, and so set him on to steal and drink bacilli enough to kill a nation. Anyhow, didn t I cure him?" "Tes, by filling him up with whisky, Worcestershire sauce, and eau-de-Cologne till he turned whiter than a white man s ghost!" retorted Mr Hogg, with his mouth full of chestnuts; "but go on, Sir Geoffrey — I'm afraid cur little scientific discussion is interrupting your ghost story." "Not at all," interrupted Sir Geoffrey, politely. "I was saying that Cassar Borgia was famous for his chemical experiments upon his friends, and, in return for ser vices rendered him by Cardinal Ambrose, be imparted to him several of his secret methods of poisoning, together with in structions to use them on certain persons over here who had made themselves objectionable or dangerous to the Borgias, "I regret that any ancestor of mine should have' been so shady a character; but I must confess that the tradition is fairly corroborated by a number of old parchments in the library, which tell how the cardinal, at different periods, invited a number of distinguished guests to the Abbey, on Saturday to Monday visits, from which they never returned. "They were found dead in bed, in the Blue Room, doubtless murdered by one of Borgia's mysterious poisons, which, I daresay, Sir Charles will tell you any ana lyst of to-day would quickly detect as prceaic overdoses of arsenic or strych nine." "Quite right, Ambrose!" replied Sir Charles. "I'm sure that Borgia was only a fiy-paper murderer, for all his reputa tion. Strychnine was beyond him. If my memory serves me right, Wainwriglit was the first gentleman to use that vehicle for the transportation of his victims to the next world. Have another chestnut, Hogg? I'll guarantee them sterilised!" "Naw — lha — anks. Sir Charles!" drawl ed Mr Hogg, cautiously. "You can steri lise your British chestnuts all you like, but they're Borgia's death on the Ameri can di- gesticn. Go ahead, Sir Geof frey." "Well, the cardinal died," continued S.r Geoffrey. "He died in the Blue Room, fearfully and mysteriousiy. His servants found him one morning lying on the floor, rigid and "stark, a slight foam upon his lips. "A sliding door in the wainscot, the presence of which was unknown till then to any of the retainers of the abbey, was open. This panel gives entrance to a secret passage and staircase, which winds down through one of the buttresses on the north side of the house, and comes to the sur face again beneath a stone that forms part of the pavement of the terrace. "The terrace in those days used to over look a mbat, and there is little doubt that the bodies of some of the cardinal's less important victims were carried down the staircase in the depth of the night and thrown into the dark waters of the moat, where the pike soon made short work of them. "In this fact another ghost story of Greylands Abbey took birth. It was said that when any harm came to the occu pants of the blue chamber, mysterious and ghostly footsteps were heard on the ter race outside. "The old Latin manuscript from which I have gathered this information, and which was written by one of the good monks of Greylands Abbey, mentions how on tha night of the cardinal's death, the shuffling of feet was plainly heard by one of the brothers who was keeping vigil. "The leeches were called to examine the cardinal's body, but they could find no trace of injury beyond a bruise on his hip, doubtless caused by his fall from the bed to the floor, and a minute bluish spat on his lip. "Some detective of the Middle Ages also discovered and recordc-d the fact that the moss around the paving stone at the foot of the hollow buttress which contained the secret staircase was disturbed, and that the edge of one of the adjoining stones was freshly chipped and bore signs of iron, which pointed to the supposition that the stone had been farced up by an iron crowbar, or possibly the head of a pike. "Later on, towards the end of the six teenth century, a rheumatic ancestor of mine caused the meat to be drained and filled in. " The accounts of this work tendered by the local builder are in the library, and one of the items is 'for fiyfteen pence for ye proper transporte and buryal of fowre skelytoncs founde in ye bedde of ye mote, and afterwards interred in Chrys- tianne grounde.' I have a shrewd sus picion that those four skeletons were those of the cardinal's victims." "How horrible!" exclaimed Mrs Major Mantrap, with a shudder. "But that is not all the story. The rest of it concerns two ancestors of yours, Chatteris," continued Sir Geoffrey, turn ing to Captain Chatteris, who, with his beautiful sister, had joined the Greylands party on the previous' day. "Never heard of it," replied that gentle man, cheerfully. "Fact is, the Chatteris records have been scattered to the four winds of heaven since great-great-grand pa Chatteris gambled away Chatteris Park—house, lands, diamond pin and all —in one glorious night at Crockford's. "To his false friend and my great grandfather," said Sir Geoffrey, rather sadiy. "Was it so, by Jove"!" remarked Chat teris. "Never mind, old man! The pro perty fell into good hands; and thanks to Australia and wool, the Cliattex-is fortunes have looked up. Perhaps if great-great- grandpa ha&n;'t gone to rattle the bones that night at 'Croeky's,' Grandpa Chat teris would never have gone abroad to % seek and find fortune, and to make a man of himself." "Nevertheless, my . great-grandfather was a false friend, for he ruined John Chatteris, who died a few days after — in the Blue Room!" replied Sir Geoffrey quietly. "And who was the other ancestor in question?" asked the sweet voice 'of Maude Chatteris at his side. "You- see," she explained, "we know very little of our people. We were both born in Australia, and although Fred was brought up in England, I have lived in. the colonies all my life, and came 'home' for tha first time only two yeqrs ago. You know, Sir Geoffrey, we colonials always call the old country 'Home.' " Sir Geoffrey turned in his chair and looked into the eyes of the beautiful Australian. His face grew stern and anxious. It seemed to him that his grim story of Greylands was to become a con fession to the woman he had learned to iove — a confession of the sins of his flesh and blood against her fathers. History had repeated itself when Sir Geoffrey had fallen in love with his friend's sister. Many, a time and oft in olden days had the two ftunilie mingled in friendship, and on two occasions an Ambrose had married a Chatteris. To her family the love and friendship of his ancestors had always ended in disaster. Of the vast lands that now formed the Greylands estate, a good half had once belonged to the Chatteris family. The tale of its acquisition was one long sad story of how a Chatteris had been be trayed and bested by an Ambrose. Sir Geoffrey knew it all, for he was of a studious nature, and the wc-ll-Kept re cords of Greylands held no secrets from him. The whole tale of Ambrose mis deeds flashed through his brain as he looked into the fair face upturned to h'.s, and the words of his story froze upon his lips. , "Never mind that other ancestor. Miss Chatteris!" he said, with a light laugh. "I shall give you the horrors if I keep on chronicling all the misdeeds of my fam ily back to the time of Noah." "Well, I will let you off 011 one condi tion," replied Miss Chatteris, with a bright smile. "And what is that?" "That you give me the key of this Bluebeard chamber, and allow us to in spect it ourselves." "A splendid idea!" cried everyone. And Sir Geoffrey, after a feeble protest, went to his desk in the library, hunted out the kc-y of the old Blue Room, and gave it her. His guests followed Miss Chatteris, a clamorous, laughing crowd, and left Sir Geoffrey alone by the billiard-room fire. He sat for a while gazing in the fire, pondering his unfinished ghost story. Should he tell her the whole story ? Could he tell her how, in the reign of Charles I., Sir Harry Ambrose, the mor ose old Royalist, had trapped Colonel John Chatteris, of Cromwell's Horse, in his fatal Blue Chamber, and how John Chatteris had been found dead in the morning, with that same faint blue mark on his lip mentioned in the old monkish chronicle of the cardinal's death? Could he tell her how the other John Chatteris, her great-grandfather, was found dead in the fatal room one morning with only a tiny blue sear on his lip to bear the suspicion of his death? "It is all nonsense, tradition, a pack of lies invented by a lot of ignorant ser vants!" said Geoffrey to himself, as he rose and paced the billiard-room floor. "I daresay some of my people were blackguards! Most families- have their skeletons and their hlack sheep, but I can't see what connection our black guards had with those mysterious deaths. "Ten to one the poor beggars died of heart failure — the one, because he was made a prisoner;, the other, because he had lost all his coin in fashionable specu lation. As for the blue mark, that's all an old woman's tale, like the Lambton worm, cr the Cock Lane ghost. Geoffrey Ambrose, you're a fool! You are suffer ing from nerves, and you'll have to cut down your tobacco allowance by half, and give up taking coffee; and you have fallen in love, which- upsets a man even more than tobacco and cof " Here Sir Geoffrey paused in his self- communing. Miss Chatteris was stand ing at the billiard-room door, regarding him with some amazement. "Do you often talk to yourself, Sir Geoffrey?" she asked, laughingly. "Er— never— sometimes. That is, not often!" stammered Sir Geoffrey. "I picked up the habit a bit when I was living alone in chambers in town. Yon see, when a feilow lives alone, he doesn't have anyone to talk to, does he?" Miss Chatteris smiled at this quaint appeal. She was beginning to like Sir Geoffrey. "And how did you like living alone?" she queried, innocently. "It was horrible, beastly slow, and ever so dreary! " replied Sir Geoffrey; withSal- most uncalled-for fervor. He was just beginning to realise what a terrible thing it is for a man to liye alone. "We have all been to see the Blue Room," continued Miss Chatteris, gaily. "Poor Mr Hogg insisted on exploring the secret staircase, and slipped in the dark and fell down fifteen stairs! He says fifteen hundred, but he does exaggerate things so." "That room is always . unlucky!" ex claimed Sir Geoffrey. "One of these days, when I have saved enough, I will rebuild that side of the house." "I would not do that," replied Miss Chatteris. "We all fell quite in love with the picture of the old cardinal. The .eyes seem to follow one wherever one goes." "I'll certainly pull that part of the house down," reiterated Sir Geoff uneasily. . r' "Surely you are not .superstition <jip Geoffrey?" asked his fair guest, a "faint gleam of amusement dancing in her blun eyes. e "No, no, not superstitious," replied 9ir Geoffrey, hastily; "but I hate to tennt coincidrnce, that's all." "I'm sorry for that, for I came to ask you if I might sleep in your haunted chamber to- night," said Miss Cliatt-ri coaxifigly. . "" " Sir Geoffrey turned pale. "Really, Miss Chatteris " h" be gan. "In fact, I had quite made up mv niir.d to do it. Mr Hogg has bet me half a dozen pairs of gloves that I won't," sa'd Miss Chatteris with a pout. "Hang Mr Hogg and his gloves'." mur mured Sir Geoffrey under his breath -f wish you would give up the idea," !le continued, aloud. "Then Mr Hogg will- think that I rm afraid, and will return to the States to lecture upon the timidity of English wo men!" "But the bed will be damp," proua Sir Geoffrc-y. "Mrs Wilson, your housekeeper, has just told me that she airs the sheets every three days," replied the lady, stubbornly. ' "The room is so draughty," urged gjr Geoffrey. "I have slept in the open air by a camp, fire hundreds of times." "Well, well, I will say no more," said Sir Geoffrey. But his heart misgave him. (To be concluded next week.) 