III. Marcia Vane a death placed her bro ther in possession of her fortune. Marcia Vane was not the woman who had committed suicide from the Court wich Bteamboat. These were the two facts which I bore in my mind every second of the day and night. Had Arthur Yane persuaded some already desperate woman to kill herself while personating his sister ? Impossible 1 Yet, some explanation must exist, and Yane should make it to me some day 1. My journey to Italy was postponed; I stayed in London until I heard, in December, that Mr and Mrs Arthur Yane were spending their honeymoon in Cairo. An expensive journey for me 1 —but on Christmas Day I was standing on the steps of a well-known Cairo hotel, having just made a call upon Mar cia’s brother. I had said nothing to alarm him, he had soon got over the first shock of see ing me, and I was resolved to arrange a lonely meeting with him, when, at the pistol’s mouth, he should explain the mystery of Marcia’s disappearance. As I turned quiokly away, I encoun tered a lady who was ascending the steps. It was Marcia herself—at least, no—it was the woman,' calling herself Marcia Yane, who had talked with me on board the Courtwich steamboat, “Look out, Julia l” cried a girl who was with her. Her eyes met mine—she turned white as a ghost, and would have hurried in doors had I not clasped her hand as though in greeting. “How do you do, Mrs Vane?” I Baid aloud. (Julia Keswick, now Julia Vane, beyond doubt 1 My mind was beginning to unravel the mystery I) The companion had left us, so I added in a whisper— “ You can’t escape me. If you want to buy my silence come to this address, alone, in an hour’s time, and with a cheque for a thousand pounds.” She glanced at my card, then flashed a look of gratitude upon me. “ I will come.” She came. Directly we were alone she laid the cheque on the table before me. “ Marcia Vane will have to be rescued," I said quietly. “ Where is she ?” “ You will give us time to escape with our money to a safe country before you communicate with her ?” “ If I interfere I can scarcely venture to make use of this,” was my answer, while fingering the cheque, “ True. Marcia is in charge of a Dr. and Mrs Murray, in Paris ; they have | several sham lunatics. I will order them to release Marcia in a month’s time.” “ How did you manage in that steamer, you clever woman ?” A vile light glea ned in her grey eyes. “ I did not go o 'erboard, but disguised myself quietly behind my trunks, thrust ing my woman’s cloak and hat into one of them. Black whiskers and a green shade soon change a face.” “ You were the sleeping Frenchman ?” “ Yes; .no one saw him go on deck, but his iicket was taken all right, so the authorities were unsuspicious. “Your motive was plain enough,” “No doubt. I loved Marcia’s brother, but we were too poor to wed; so I planned ] how to obtain Marcia’s fortune. Now my husband and I will leave Europe for some j spot where the law cannot touch us. That thousand pounds will pay you well for a month’s silence.” “I am perfectly satisfied,” I replied, tearing the cheque into fragments, as two detectives stepped from behind a screen. “ Trapped |” cried the woman hoarsely. “ Ay,” I said, “ for Mordaunt North’s The real Marcia Lane was soon set free, and it was my proud privilege to escort her down to Courtwich—by rail. She had been well cared for. I shall never forget the radiance of Mordaunt’s face as his eyes rested once again on the original of his cherished por trait ; indeed, my memory is not likely to part with any incident of that tragedy on board the Courtwich steamboat. 