WITHOUT A HOME. By Mrs. Baer. CHAPTER XIV. SEVERING TIES. Really, Ada, this ia very unex pected. What has : brought about this decision ? To tell the truth, I , do not understand why you should leave a home where you are scarcely treated as a servant.' ' I am fully sensible of your ex ceeding kindness, dear lady,' replied ; the girl, iu a rich, melodious voice; 'but I cannot stay. There are reasons for this ,-that you cannot understand were I to explain '.them, which is. simply impossible. I know you have spoiled . me — that, ..go where I will, I shall not find another ,home like this ; but 'I must go.' ' Miss Meredith made some en quiries about you this morning, and seemed to think that she had seen you before, but was baffled when she heard your name. Did you ever see her before 1' 'Once,' replied Amy, truthfully, ' Perhaps she would like to see you. She said she would call in the morning without company.' Amy threw up her head a littlfe proudly. ' Miss Meredith can have no particular business with me. 1 should like to leave this evening, if you'll let me ge.' ' Certainly you can go, if you are bent on so doing,' replied the lady, taking out her purse and paying the girl her wages. ' You have been faithful, and the extra money is a reward for your kindness to ? Rena.' M Amy turned away, unable ta ? speak, and went to the library, ? where she bade good-bye to her 9 favourites, with streaming eyes. ?j 'My, my! What does this Imean 1 9 What are you crying for, Ada?' 9 asked Herman Singleton, as he 9 came suddenly into the room. 9 ' Because I am so miserable,' she 9 replied, faintly. ' Everything seems 9 to go wrong.' 9 'What has gone wrong ?' he 9 asked, kindly. ' Has Rena got one H of her tantrums agaiu V' 9 'No,' she replied. 'Mr. Single 9 ton, I am going to leave, aud I do 9 love these books so much It seems 9 like parting from old friends to leave 9 them.' 9 ' Why are you going to leave us ?'! 9 he enquired, gravely. 9 'Because I must. I can't tell 9 . you why ?' 9 'I thought you had no friends, 9 , Ada ; what are you going to do in ? 'tnislat^e city without a protector f 9 'What hundreds of others do,' 9 she replied. 'Fight my way, con 9 test the road, and if I fail it will not 9 be because I lack courage. ' What 9 do you think I have been doing 9 these two years ? I suppose you'll 9 laugh at me, but I have been pre 9 paring myself to teach.' 9 If a thunderbolt had fallen at his 9 feet Singleton would scarcely have 9 been more astonished, and his sur 9 prise did not escape her notice. 9 'I suppose you think me pre 9 sumptuous,' she continued, hur 9 riedly, ' but I was born of parents 9 who instilled into my miud a love 9 of knowledge; parents who little 9 thought their only child would 9 have to battle with the world as I 9 have had to do. When I came here 9 and found these books, and learned 9 that I could have access to them, I 9 determined to improve the oppor 9 tunity, and I have no cause to re 9 proach myself, for I have gathered 9 many a sheaf in these two years, 9 aud stored them for the future.' 9 The slight figure of the girl was 9 erect now. The large brown eyes ? — her peculiar charm — were, glori ? ously bright with the enthusiasm I of her subject, and looking up into ? his face as she finished, she abruptly B asked: 'You think me quixotic, B and' my ideas visionary, don't you?' i B 'I think you are on the verge of B a grand womanhood,' he replied. B She raised her eyebrows, and her B forehead knotted, into a heavy B frown : '' 1 asked you for an honest B opinion,' she said, reproachfully. B ' Shall I tell you what I think ? B Then I will. Your perseverance is B simply sublime; your industry puts B to shame older persons than your B self, and the manner with which B you have worked, unaided and B alone, is truly remarkable. I have B watched you the past years, ever B siuce you asked my sister for the B use of the library, and I have seen,; B how you sometimes made mistakes' B in the selections of your volumes, B but, in the main, you displaced ex B cellenfc taste. I believe you will B Bucaeed, and you have my best B wishes for the final attainment of ? your goal.' I He turned to go, but came back. I ' Ada, if I can help you,, I will do I . so. Money I have in abundance.' I ' Thank you ; but I must work | my own way. If I reach the desired * £S«J, it- will bo through my owa: exertions' ' Think well. Moneiy is a power ful, auxiliary.' ' One that I don't possess. Your words of praise are the first that II have received from any source, and, they are very welcome ; but I do not desire help from' any one without rendering an equivalent — that J'could not do in this case.' ' You are independent I' said the gentleman, a little sharply. | The-blood mounted in a brilliant ?j glow to her face. 'The lessons of j life, learned in the school of ad ver ' sity, are not likely to teach us de i pendence on those about us,' she i replied. 'You talk bitterly for a girl of your, age,' he remarked. 'Ada, what is the cause of it 1 Has life held no happiness, no joy, no plea sure for you all these years that you have lived ?' ' Yes,' ;8he continued, ' until I was twelve years old my life was one continued flush of happiness, with only, one dark cloud, the death of my mother, though I was almost too young to realize my loss then. .My father died when I was in my 'fourteenth1 year, aud since then my life has beeii one continued struggle with poverty.' ' It is very strange that you have no friends, no relatives.' ' I have relatives, but they are j' insensible to my welfare. It makes no difference to them whether I sink or swim. I don't know why I should be telling you all these things,' she added. - ' ' Because I asked you,' he re plied. ?' Your confidence shall be respected.' ' You have been very thoughtful and kind to me since 1 have been an inmate of this house. Allow me to' thank you for your many little acts of courtesy.' 'I should be better pleased if you would let me assist you.' ' You can do so by giving me directions where to find a respect able and cheap boarding-house ?' Herman Singleton stroked his moustache in perplexity. Chea'p . boarding-houses were not much in his line, but, thinking for some mo ments, it occurred to him that he had accidentally heard of a small house, in a quiet, 'respectable street, where one could get cheap board. A- friend of his, a college associate, who had,. more brains than money, lived there, and taking out a card that had been given to him, he told Amy of it, and gave her the address. ' Remember,' he said, ' that the offer of assistance is open to you a year hence as well as to-day.' ' Oh,'' she cried, breaking down, ' your kindness makes it harder to go. I came here as a servant, and have received nothing but go.od treatment ; and it is hard to leave so much beauty, brightness, and re finement, everything that the most aesthetic nature Could desire, for a \- small room in a boarding-house.' 'Then why go ?' . r 'Because I must.. Good-bye.' She held out her hand, shook his heartily, and vanished quickly out of the room. !-'? CHAPTER XY. ^ /; ' A ' SURPRISE. ? The last article of clothing had ? been put away, the last good-bye was said, and Rena was put in fer bed carefully, before Amy arose to go. - The parting was bitter, far more so than Amy had supposed it would be at first. Her face was the last that Amy looked on in the house,, for after she had said fare well to every one she stole up to the nursery again, as if loth to leave her charge, and took a last long look. : With a heart almost bursting she went quickly down the stairs, out of the front door, and entered a street car, which finally set her down at the boarding-house. She rang the bell, and was admitted to the parlour by a prim little maid, who said the mistress would be down soon, turning up the gas as she spoke. Amy looked around her, at the homely but clean carpet, and at the walls with their pictures. She started up with an exclama tion of surprise. ' Surely this is the.picture that used to hang over the mantel in Mrs. Wollerton's room ! Yes, it is the same ; I know itiis!' ' Do you wish to see me ?' asked a voice ; and Amy turned from the summer landscape to meet the en quiring glance of the landlady/ Taking a step forward, the girl raised one hand, and, in a voice scarcely . above a whisper, asked : ' Is it possible that one whom I havetbelieved to be dead for two long years is alive ?' The* landlady drew herself up hauglitjly. ' I am not a ghost that I.knpwbf, Will you come to busi ness, ifjou please, miss V' Amy sprang forward, with a glad lighten; her eyes. ' Don't you re cogni|^ ine, Aunt Louise ? Have you forgotten your little pet, Amy Jones ? Ah, you know me now,' she replied; as a look of recognition passed over the old lady's face, and she opened her arms to receive her darling. Thank the Lord that He has let me live to see this sight ! Oh, Amy, how glad Z am' io look on your face again I Poor child 1 how I have longed to nave you with me after I heard that your papa had died !' And Amy did not doubt the sin cerity of her words when she felt the pressure of her arms, the kisses on her cheeks, and saw the: glad tears rolling over her face. ' Come, sit down, my. dear.andlet me look at you. Why, bless my so ul ! you are a young lady, and I had expected to see you a little girl still. Well, old folks think that the young must stand still, but they go on growing all the same. ' Now, tell me all about yourself.' Amy gave her entire history, omitting nothing that had happened since her father died, and Mrs. Wol lerton laughed and cried by turns, as her favourite told how she had battled so successfully with an ad verse fate, ending by saying that the one motive of her life was to fit herself for teaching. 'I shall never make myself known to the Merediths, nor do I wish them to know of me ; so, auntie, I think I shall, keep my new name, Ada Gascon. I have come to live with you now, if you can find a nook in your dear heart and home for me.' ' Of course I'll find one for you, and you shall go to school just as much as you want to. Don't shake your head, for I have some money, aud nobody in the world to spend it on but yourself. Jvist to think of the trumped up lie of that rascally man who tried to get you into his power. Bless your heart, child, I have lived at the old place ever since, till last year, and I never sat an eye on him. Just to think that you have been living here two years in drudgery, and I didn't know it.' ' Not drudgery, aunt. My life at Mrs. Garman's was rather pleasant.' 'Oh, yes, I dare say,, nursing a spoiled child was rather pleasant.' ' I would rather do that than be dependent on auy one,' was the quick reply. ' Just like 3'our father. He was too proud to ask anything of his father-in-law, so his business went to the dogs. Don't you be too in dependent to do as I say.' ' I don't want to be a burden to you,' replied Amy. 'Who says you'll be a burden? When 1 get tired, of you I'll tell you. I'll send for your trunk to morrow.' ' But, auntie, if you are really so well off, why do you keep boarders?' asked the girl, with a quizzical look on her face, for she thought she had the advautage. 'Because I wanted something to do,' was the quick reply. ' You don't doubt my word, do you ?' ' No, no ; but I thought you said so to make me feel at ease. I would rather accept aid from you than any one.' , ' You are coming to your senses,' said Mrs. Wollerton. ' It is a kind ness you are doing me, child, for I am, lonely, and oftiines sad because I have ho young face, about me to make sunshine and music. Come with me, and I'll show you to your room.' She led the girl up to a large, airy bedroom, neatly furnished ; and when Amy was told that was to be hers, 'she caught her friend about the neck, and kissed her agaiu and again. ' Go to sleep, my dear,' said the old lady, gently, ' so you may have fresh cheeks in the morning. Good night,' and Mrs. Wollerton retired, leaving Amy to herself. A smile, half triumphant, half sarcastic played about the young girl's lips. ' The road to knowledge lies open before me,' Amy murmured, '' and if I do not garland my brows with the chaplet of knowledge, it is my fault. Dear aunt, how she took me in her arms, and kissed me so many times, and held me so tight that I could not breathe. The same kind heart, the same genial manner of old. Help from her does not gall and chafe like it would from the others.' v But Mrs. Wollerton did not tell her of the many anxious visits that Oscar Meredith had made to her ; how he had tried every means in his power to find his niece. With a rare tact she saw at a glance that Amy was deeply prejudiced, and the fact that she had thrown aside her right name, only served to 'confirm her opinion ; so she wisely kept her own counsel, and determined to use a little strategy. To describe the feeling of quiet content that stole over the lonely orphan girl, as she laid her head on the pillow that night, would be im possible; there was something heavenly in it ; no child to. soothe in its broken slumbers, no bells to answer, no commands to obey ; for the first time in years she could clo. e her eyes with-' the knowledge that she was mistress of her own movements, go to sleep when she was tired, and awake when she willed. (To BE CONTINUED.) 