DEATH OF LETTIE LE VYJSE Many Australian playgoers will regret- to hear of the death of Lettie Le Vyne, the well-known actress, which occurred recently at Holy Ghost Hospital, Cambridge, Massachusstts (U.S.), where she had been confined for several weeks, a suf ferer from cancer of the stomach. She was born in Dunedin. Naw Zealand. 36 years ago. and in ;i8S2made her professional debut at the Princess Theatre, in that city, as Little Nell, in 'Chris and Lena,' with the American actors, Baker and Parrcn. She afterwards joined the company supporting Alice Dunning Lingard, playing small I parts, during a tour of New- Zealand. She was i next with 'George Rignold, playing small Shak ! sperean parts, and later joined the company which supported Bland Holt, In 'The World,' during a tour of New Zealand. Coming then to Australia, she opened at the Alhambra Music Hall, Sydney, where she filled a three years' en gagement in_ the vaudevilles. Then, joining Hudson's Surprise Party, she toured Australia, India, and China, and returned to Melbourne for j the pantomime season with Mamie Horton, play ing Columbine. She afterwards leased the Em ! pire Music Hall, Melbourne, and acted as mana | geress and directress of that resort for one year, | when she left for America. While making the i voyage, the ship, the Mariposa, took fire and put \ into Honolulu j H.I., for repairs, remaining a week, j during which time Miss Le Vyne and several othsr performers who were on board gave an en tertainment for a charitable purpose. Arriving in America, she made her debut at the Wigwam, San Francisco, May 24, 18S9, with Gus Hill's Con gress of Novelties. She then began a tour of the variety house's in the West, playing dates on the coast and in the Western States for three years, opening at the Empire Theatre, Chicago, Illinois, with M.- B. Leavitt, for the World's Fair engage ment of 'Spider and Fly.' She appeared with that company for a season and a half, nsxt join ing the Gormans, in 'The Gilhpoleys Abroad,' playing the leading role. She later starred at the head of her own company in 'Little Ora's Claim' through Canada and tha West, after which she joined Raymon Moore's Company, playing leads in 'Tuxedo.' On March £, 1896, she made her New York debut at the Trocadero Music Hall, in the burlesque 'La Seraglio,' play ing the soubrette part. She subsequently filled several datts in Eastern variety houses, includ ing a 'summer engagement at the Grand Theatre arid Howard Athenaeum, Boston, Massachusetts, where she produced burlesque and put on living pictures: also giving a few dramatic pieces at the Grand. Subsequently she appeared as principal boy with Sam A. Scribner's Columbian Burles quers for a part of the season, returning from a long and successful engagement at the Empire Palace, Johannesburg, South Africa, to open with the show. Later she went to the Pacific Coast, filling several weeks with the Bittner Theatre Company, en route, intending to visit her home in New Zealand. While, in San Francisco, pre paring for her trip ac&oss; the Pacific, she was attacked by the diseaseSjwhich eventually had a fatal termination. - FarKseveral weeks she was confined to her room, under the care of trained nurses, but, realising that her death was only a question of time, she decided to return to Boston, there to meet her 16-year-old son, Eddie C. T. Shipp, who was than being educated in Montreal. Arriving at Boston, she soon found it necessary to go to Holy Ghost Hospital, where she died. Her maiden name was Jessie Barnes, and when quite young she was married' to Charles Shipp, who subsequently died. Her mother and sister, living in New Zealand, and her son, survive her. The latter was in Boston during her illness, and was in almost constant attendance upon her up to the time of her death. The remains of the de ceased were interred in St. Paul's Cemetery, Ar lington, Boston. 