~II Short Story. The Minister's Ghost Story. "food-night, bairs I t'Ivor, see that they a' gang to bed at a reasonable hour, and dinena es up late yessel'. The morn's the Fast Day, mind, and ye've to preach." With these words the Rev. Dugald lM'Kilnon took hIl candle, and beamed roulut on the company. - " G?od - night, sir I Good - night, father!" they responded, with much deference. "No, we won't stay ' up late." 'The door closed, and the old gentle man's footsteps were heard ascending the stairs. " NoW, Mr. M'Ivor," said one of.the girlstr. eagerly, " remember your pro mise." " Certainly, Miss Janit.'? answered the gentleman, rlsing riwth ' inuhi gravitye " I Inteild to sita few minutes later my self, but I- promised to see the rest of you .off. I am glad,!' he contnued: pro reeding to light the candles,'" that' Miss Janet should tie the one to call me to a soens of--" " Fiddlesticks," said .T3anet, .. a tall, bright-faced girl In.a :dress of? soft. rrimson, which suited: her admirably. She was sitting on a low- stool before the fire,--. trying to 'shllield her fluslied cheeks from the blaze '::wth -a a huge crimson Tap nose fan; "Dont: he. a humbug. Mir; M'vor: youknow.wwhant I mean-that ghost story you. promised to tell uis,'! • Do tell It, Mr. M'Ivor:l"r:,.-i- - : " I'd rather hear about pirates," said Bnbby' M'Kinnon.- a schdolboy - of .12. " fhlo?ls are such awful rot." "'Then you can go to bed,' retorted Janet.- 'I'll. do nothing. of the kind," said Bobby, much Insulted. i "Goo to bed yourself.. r ' You may remain If yoni behave your self." said -Tanet; surveyllng him calmly. "Mr. M'Ilorr, I shan't lenvo the room until you have laid that story.!'. :, '!T s It the,-will ofr the company that their young blood he frozen and curdled In darkness ? It is a reanlghost, remem: ber." ' :: " " How delicious," murmured one of the girls.; " 'Very-well.., Don't.blrime me If-you can't sleep to- nlght."?'- : , - :Ie extingunshed;the lamp as he spoke, and resumed- his seat.. The 'firelight played on hlt dairk face, and he looked with his spare formi; thin, keen features, and: greot hollow-'eye lloke a TRomlsh priest': worn out with. fasting and penance. - - -. , .. "- o . . Thereo. was :a-- pause, during-which -the' company sat silent-and expectant, and the young minister. gazed- at the fire as If fascinited by something be saw there,. A t last he drew a long.breath. - "Yea.know what second- sight Is,'? he oegan. turning -hts melancholy eyes on loyng Keith; the girl who thought real :hosts delicious.- -.-. .She shuddered slightly. ': " I possess that doubtful gift," he went on In a qulet, serlousvoice. "Apparl rtons, ,ghostly coffins, - shadows - of fiunerals-all these things I-haveseeon, often, In my own parish.. -Many times I, have .heard the tapping -of hammers -ind ,sawing-of. wood in the carpenter's hliop afifr- hi's dy's work,-,ra s- done, telling lthat 'death: ws coming. Three nights hefore. a,death the sounds are heard--it "never falls." S'The speaker:paused, ,and hls;'audience shvlered ad- eata little `lotor. " Tt Is just n' year •since - T -went .to preach for Alexanderof -Barnstrae. There,ls nothing at all suggestive of the sninornatural .abott either him or his wife.,hut the manse was big and eerie, ull - of drainghty . corridors and- wlde stanrcases. - It had been an old mansion, and ther whas a story connected with It. Alexander.sald.hbut he would not tell It that night. - Wesat talking over old college days, he- and I, until long ipst midnight.; Then we lit our candles; and Alexander led the way to"my room;. I should have had dllficutlty.:ln finding the way, myself, for it' was up" a wide staircase and -nlongna- corridor with a nuntber of doors on either side. - I trod softly. fearing'to diltthrb the houtsehold. buit Alexander- assured me the caution was unnecessary. - .,I was alone in that part of the house, .Iam not a nervous man. but I should haveopreferred one or two neighbours. ,My room was,at the very end iof the - corridor-a cheerful apartment by day, when .the.ston shone In. hut at that hour, with the moonlight casting strange sh'adows on everything, It was eerie. " I said good- night to my host, and retired to my rest when I. had.convinced myself that a certain .uspiclotlus-looklng shadow on the lawn 'was caused by a tree., I was not at all sleepy ;so after a time I satup. lit the candle that stood on a small table by the. bedside. and begun to look over my sermon. . Then. I selected the Psalms to be sung, and had just fixed on-three;:when I felt a sudden rash of cold- air, and looked up. .As surely as I ams-sitting here-as sorely as You are iIstening--" - Tan' Mlror -'raised his hbn'nd Impres stvely -and looked round with an un earthlytlight In his eyes. "The door opened slowly. and a woman gllded In." ,Toy Keith shrieked and hid her face on ,Tanet's sloulder. "I thought I had locked -the door: but evidently- I was mistaken, and I corncluded that this was one of the maids walking In her- sleep. I lay hack an rmy pillows and watched the intrutder, hardly daring to breathe lest sihe should turn and see me, forthe thought of her suddenly waking and flundlng herself Int my room was em iarra.sinn. Then In a momnent the trullth flashed upon me, for In the clear moonlight I saw hor plainly. -TI had drawn lip the hltnd;.and while my bed 'was In shadowi. hy the wintlow it was almost as lighth as day. -Tllls was no srcvant.t Her lon?. ?utlltfnl hair was ltholund, rlppliltg In golden waves below her waist. Her dress was lobse and flowing, of some shlinuiering white -stutI--lt minded me of 'White, samlite, m.nystlc, wonderful.' Onen .she tllrned her face towlrds me-a bauttiful face, bt, pnle nlnd drawn wlth anguitssh, and the :eyes:w-ilde .wlth horror.t t rlel - to miore or speak, bhit litibenand toigute ,were parnlysed. Sihe moaned iitetotsly and wrttic hier hands: t·hol, to my horror,' glldedtl to Ihe window anltdl throw It open with a lertlblo cry., There was an anaswerltig cry-tihe wailing of a little citlfldl otutaside, The woantman threw out her arms wlth'n-despanhlng geature,-nnd the loose sleeves fell bntk, disclosing the!r exquisite shnetllness. Sh'e would have flung heracelf from the windown; but was hold back-the htorror of It--by a Ihand. -I saw it distt:ncly, and a shadowy arm, nothlig eslse. I think I renlisl ed.then somethitg of wihat Dii slharnst ntist hites felt whtu lie saow the itlge;,,lha?, t trote.-meno, tekel, up. bha:sin-" . - "Thon the moon went under a cloud" -and Isa ']e ank to a a hkPger "1 saw lthat my ecandle was hblrn:n With a blue l;aue. e My hlair stood on end. I would have given all I possested to find omyse'lf in the study downsla?irs, ibut I could neither move hand nor fooit, and if I could. who knows what I might have seen in that long corridor. Those empty rooms-I dared not pass them I I lay back helplessly watching that tragedy of bygone days. "There. was another- awful cry, and again there came the pitiful walling from outside, fainter than before, and dyting away In the distance. To this day, when I read of Rachel mourning for her children, .hat cry rings in my ears. There seemed to bo a struggle, the window was forcblhly closed, the woman sank on the door with hands clasped and the bealtiful face upturned in agony. Then the moon shone out, and slowly the viion faded." There was a long silence when Ian had 'finished speaking.' -Then. Janet sloke. - Who was she ? .What was her story, Mr. M'Iver ?". " - '?" Alexander told me the story next dant. Mfnrgaret Elllot of. Bhrstrae, a - beautlful aInd hgh-splrited- girl; fell'In ]otve...nlth and secretly married her brother's tutor. Whent the marriage was discovered be was In Edinburgh preparing a:home for his wife, and on 111is return there was a terrible scene, for Mrs. Ellolt was another Lady Ash ton. She told him that his wife- had been sent to ia rench convent, and tile poor- fellow, mad -with grief, went abroad in search of her.- It was a false. h'ood,'of course. Margaret never left her mother's house alive. Her little child , was- taken away -one night, and Margaret in despair Irled to throw:herself from the window: of that very room I slept n. Sihe died soon after of a broken heart.. It all hap pened long ago-nlast century, I believe." "Poor girl," said Joey, softly. ' I liked that bit about the , candle burning blue," said Janet pensively; " It made me creep." - "I shonld like to see a ghost," said Bobby. L " lshab l said Ivor, hpldlng "tip a warnling hand.-. " What- Is that ?" Pit-ppat, bit-pat, cnttme the sound"of soft footsteps on the stanr. ' The girls looked at each other feanrfully, and Bobby turned very pale. Itn grasped the, poker with one hand and threw his other arm protectingly round Janet. : Pit-pat, ilt-pat. It was coming nearer. Bang I . .Toey screamed, and, fell falnting in Tan's arms. He rose. geOtily - deposited her on the couch, and opened the door., Somethling flewpast with a wild cry. Bobby howled, thinking his hour was con.e-; " Who Is that ?" ?an demanded, sternly;l. - -" 'Trvor, Is that you ?" said.a rquaver. lag voice from the dnlarkness. " A~ges, and. ministers. of grace 'de :fend us I A light; Inn, quick !" ex. claimed Ivor... bendingover .a heap at thei foot of the stairs,. , ,?? - . - Ian dropped the 'poker nid stlruck at. light, and .Tnet followed himt Into the passage. " Ol !" she eJncultedl- In dllsmay.: It 'was tile Rev. Dougalld.-'Kinnon, In nighteapn nd li;resling-gown. with an extingntlied ,taper in one hand, a stick tilthe other, and-a large inpanned tean tray on thle top of him. They helped the-old gentleman to his feet, and took' him into the room to recover. - " I'ni all right barirns,"l e said. lwhen he- Itd been revived.withl a moithfull of. lwhlt y: :.. " .Whatever ibrought you -downstaIras fnther ?"iTasked TJanet, lievering over httn aifectiontetly withll the bottle. : " I lhonetd v'oIes, my. dear; ant thought it :was burginats. TThen.iwhen. I got to the foot of "the stfair 'I -tripped onn the cat and kIoe.ked nver. the: trhy." "The eat, I That clialtfts ifor the awful yell."saltl Ihn . " T dldn'i know" wllether I t:was Riobtby or-the ghost." " Where Is Bobby 7I said Tnnet. look ing romnd. - " Joey, dear, wake up I The ghost.' Is having sotlo wvllslty, and, youn had lbettoi have some..toot." '";'Ghost !". repeated: MT'Kinnon; ' I ewonder {:' huavetna tmir 'sense ?anet: Eli I i 'it'?,u Mint ? "1' Ther's :a: man lehlind the'rurtaln, .?iAPvor." e'rrlnimed the-old gentlemnn; pointing, with great exltemtenit to ` the. crimson! d(amask, whlltohappeared-to be mtch lagltated. "There is some one there." renlled Tan, dellberately rlising and going' to the .windows There wasn a howl from behind the curtain as he proceeded to unmask the-rumflnn. Tt was the vp'lnant oblby. crouched In a corner. wltlithhis fingers in his enrs. '" Bobby I :What d'ye mean Iy sic like cantrips ?" demanded his father,, In dignantly. SBobby exclaimed with a scarlet coun tenance that he thnlught it was one. of Mr. Wl'lvor's collns, and that he felt i a natural reluctance to occupy It pre maturely. - - ---. . " Cotlins t The -laddie's dreaming." saild tiue old igentleman. scwndallsed. " Whatnway are ye no in betl, nhboy ?" " I congratulate you on the suIccess of your story.. MIr M'Ivor," said 'JTanet. ' You have frightened everybody Into fits." ; "I wonder at .,ye, .'Ivor,.; and. the morn, the Fast-Dfay." snldthe old minis ter, n. a -tone of -mild reproach. S"They- wolrl have it, sir," said Ian, apoloetlcnlly. - - ' S"Neiver mind. father," said Janet, saucily. " we'll do penance to-morro we'll all go twice to eltirclf." - "Ye've mItrclle need." was the diy response. ' MTvor. light the candles -?'11 see ye a' oct thils time." STan obeyed, and the procession formed and filed out of the room. hoeaded by the old gentlemnn, and Tobby--the latter much silducted. '" We only ssant surlillces- to look lko a procession of priests ind nacolyles," said .Taanet, lalghlingly. "Don't you feel like one.,tan ?" "Not I," he replied, promptly. "I woulun't be a Ilonan OCnthollc priest ntinder existing. . clrcumstances"-he looked at Jnnet-" for any conaldera 'tlon." .Taneot turned round Impatiently. " Gome along. .Toey, it's time you were In hed wsltl that -white face. -Mr. PM'Tvor, T hope we iahnn't dream of the golden.haired Margaret." ' "I hope not,' Miss Tanet." he. replied'.. wltli'ns mlle; " Good.nlght, 'MatiJToey"?J -then In n lower tone-" the Inldy of amy, dreams will not have golden treses.." It would lhave bhen unreasonable to complain just then of Miss Keith's aInck of edlour. "Goodnlighlt, Mr. M'Ivor," she sold, with a sudden, lovely smile. "I shall :never, as long as T live, forget thAis night, or your story, or-" "Or whliat, Miss Jooe ? No, not till youtl finth your sentence I" for she was trying to regainl possesalon of her hand. fiSh looked round, half-frightened. 'rlThey were quite alone on the landing. " Or you !" lThe .wrdsl were hardly audthle. " Jocy I" But J"ooy had vanislahed.--Bt rog in the "People'e Friend." 