Dreams that Came True. How Murderers Were Tracked. j feTRAUGE as it may now appear, it is nevertheless a fact that in the past . dreams, signs, and portents played no ■ inconsiderable part in our law courts, I and the reports of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries are brimful of : references thereto. In connection 1 with dreams, perhaps one of the most ! remarkable trials, certainly of late days, was that in connection with the slaying of Maria Martin, or the murder of the Red Barn, in which the murderer was discovered wholly ; and solely through the means of infor mation gained through a dream. The victim of the murder was the daughter of a mole catcher, who possessed far more beauty and education than most ; young women of her class, heedless • to say she was the cause of much j jealousy, and among her lovers was a j rich young man named John Corder, • by whom she was seduced and then j abandoned. In turn, Wm. Corder, j John's brother, appeared upon the j scene, and untie?promise of marriage j Maria was again betrayed ; and after- i wards, finding that she was to become j a mother, she prayed her betrayer to | carry out his promise. This, however, ; was not the taste of William Corder, who, under promise of a secret mar- ; riage, made arrangements with the girl to meet him at a red barn on his mother's farm, whence they would leave for a neighbouring town and get married. The girl met him as ar ranged, when he shot and buried her beneath the flooring of the barn. William Corder then disappeared, and returning after a few days, told Mr. and Mrs. Martin that the mar riage had taken place, and that their daughter was living at Ipswich. Some months elapsed, the barn wherein the body was burbd was filled with corn, and as no tidings came from the young woman, Corder gave as a reason that she had burnt her right hand, and therefore could not write to her parents; shortly after which Corder left the neighbourhood. Some time later Mrs. Martin dreamt that, her daughter had been murdered by Corder and buried in the barn, and so frequently was the dream repeated . that in the end the woman persuaded her husband to get the grain removed, and to dig at the spot indicated in the dream, which he did, when the body ; was immediately discovered and iden- ■ tified. Suspicion naturally pointing to Corder, lie was traced to London, j where he was found married to a . schoolmistress, on whose earnings he was living. He was arrested, found . guilty, and duly executed. The met- ' ing out of justice in this instance 1 being entirely due to a dream. j Dream Evidence. j Harking back somewhat we find | that in 1751 an Irish murderer was I convicted largely upon dream evi- j dence. One Rogers, a Waterford | publican, dreamed that he saw a j man murder another in a particular ! green spot on the summit of a neigh- ! bouring mountain. On the following ! day he described both men lie had j seen in his dream with perfect, ac- i curacy, which he did to many of his j companions. One of the men was i exceptionally strong ; the other, who j committed the crime, was weak and : small. Rogers at length prevailed ! upon the parish priest to accompany j him to the spot, which was easily ! found, but which bore no traces of a death struggle. On the following day, however, two men entered the public house whose appearance tallied exactly , with those in the dream vision. When they rose to leave Rogers begged the one whom he expected to be murdered ' to remain, hut unavailingly. After the man bad left be nearly fainted from fright, and in the end persuaded a neighbour to accompany him to the green spot on the hill, where, sure enough, the tragedy of the dreaui had been enacted in real life. The mur derer was tracked and captured, and Rogers was the principal witness against him. His description of his dream was so vivid that the prisoner immediately acknowledged his guilt, and stated that he killed his com panion with eight stabs, exactly as pictured in the dream. In 1810, at Frankfort, in German}', a woman named ELraeuie made appli cation to a local judge to be sworn, as she had some information to impart relating to a murder committed in a remote village in Russia, many days' journey from her German domicile. Her story ran thus:—Ten years before her son left home. She heard nothing of him, and had no idea at all where lie was living until the night before, when his spirit appeared to her and told her what she had now hastened to relate. The revelation was that after leaving home the young man had wandered about Europe till he had finally found work in the village of Klaf in Russia. Here he had fallen in love with a serf's daughter who had a Russian beau. On the preceding night this latter had inveigled the young Teuton into the country, where he bad stabbed him, and then con cealed the body in a cave off the high way. The Judge was so impressed with the description that he for warded it to a nolary in Kiaf. In the meantime Karl Kraeme had been missed, and on receipt of the dream story the police searched for the cave, found it exactly located as described, and also found the body with a wound corresponding with that detailed in the vision. The murderer was at once arrested, and the widow Kraeme undertook the long journey to avenge her son's death. Her recital in court was vivid in the extreme, and she screamed with fright when she first saw the prisoner," whom she picked out from a crowd- of men in a dimly lighted cell. She also identified the woman who was the cause of the trouble. Indian Visions. Touching haunted houses, we may recall an incident familiar enough at the beginning of the century, when " The Memoirs of a Thug" was in everybody's hands, but remembered by fdw probably at this date. Major General Sleeman, captain at that- time, was travelling up country with his wife. He encamped in a pretty grove of mangos near Sangor. At midnight Mrs. Sleeman awoke screaming. In a dream she saw scores of naked corpses rise from the earth at the bedside. Her husband calmed her, and she slept again; but the dream returned and so painfully was she agitated that it became necessary to strike the camp a little after midnight, Captain Slee man reported this incident to Meadows Taylor, who was then directing his fa mous campaign against the Thugs, questioned one of the approvers, who recognised the description of the mango tope near Sangor, at once. Several victims had been buried there. Taylor had the ground dug, and they turned up, if we remember rightly, the bones of seventeen persons. This is one of the best ghost stories extant, because indubitably authentic. At the same time it is easily explained. Mrs. Slee man bad been hearing tbe frightful evidence published from day to day at that- time, when the Thugs had just been discovered. She knew that they habitually buried their victims in groves, and that night she. chanced to be in the nervous condition when waking thoughts often take shape as dreams. The famous regiment once known as the 74th Highlanders has a legend handed down for three generations at least. A captain, whose name es capes us, was writing in his tent at Sbolapore, when a young soldier in hospital garb entered. " Please, sir, I wish to have my arrears sent to my mother. Will you kindly take down the address?" The officer did so with out thinking : when he looked up the visitor was gone. Then it struck him that this was very irregular. He called the sergeant, who informed him that the young man in question had died in the hospital the day before, leaving an unusual sum of money, and that the address of his friends could not be discovered. It is alleged that a report of these facts, drawn up there and then, still exists. 