? ? Th^ fimmorality of ghostes." ©aid the cot^ra.1 in charge of- thereq uadj has ""ImmorialH^/* -suggested .-riecniit- * • -' • ' * • '" A "Shut your tace, .sir! I tsaid immorality; a-nd immorality it is! Get out there and tiustie some Wobd for the fine*=-you 'and your immortality" X was saying, when that would-be colleger opened his baby face, that the ina-mor-al-ity of ghostses; is curious—they're as fond of' the wee-; men after death as before. You read; the books and see if the spooks ain't; back because of a woman half the time, i Tiiiere was Keddy Eodd, as was struck on Liucy Kleinhart, in B Company. . He was after her every day. when he was, alive, and do you think he let her alone i after he was . .shot? v No; ••. he ha nted •her." - '• \- ' .'. • "-When was that-, corp'ral?" - 11 tell - you when Mr Jimmie Fresh ^ has -stirred the fire, for yer souis'il freeze: l>efore fm: done. "Ctras lo-ong -back, nhen. I, was fresh myself, . and prided myself that I knew more than my supe-: riors. • , So 'twas-io-ong- back, .when -my. -face was jktnk'Jike .a .'bai^'^aiia-'-.'i^: mouth was open' with no cause,; aa&my; conceit--—" . \- ' '. ' ' . ' '"Try-my tobacco, corporal;.do," cried the reoruit. rhurriedly^ iv/.f is. : •'' "We-ell," said the non-com}, rfiiling/aiis pitje and forgiving the recruit. .- Jtlt^as; & boy I was, and Eeddy Roddr-H'as toanev. h,at Iiaui now to you,. young -feliowi a father and "protector, -and, when itrwast needed; a castigatoi-.-.' ' - -- "" .-.- .'i """There's no girls in . the army now like the girl Lucy Kleinhart was. Eucy's dad, old Kleinhart, was a war man, but only; a private, 'cause of beer. Therewas another eorp'i-il in.the company, and his name was Meigs. Meigs and Rodd had jonea together, an' been promotedc.:i;:osL ira u: si mult—" .. '"Siraultaneousljv' said the recruit. "Shut your face," yelled the.corporal,, "Tcu're not a-dictionary, are you? Fetch some more wood. They was promoted almost together. They was thick as eye., was them two bunkies, till each got his narrow stripe. I»uey. was a shorti'roiiked girl -at the : post - school ts-heii • the First joined but in a i|ar. ..or .two says Reddy - Rodd ' v-V Meigs at. a hop — That there girl of Kleinhart's gr<">.v;n up immense," he eays. . *She's:big enough for a corp'ril to dance with,' he says. So he danced with her, and: then Meigs he danc.e.d with her, an' them eyes they just struck both of ° em like Mauser bullets, so they did So 'twas soon./when Reddy Rodd was in £trnotifig;.of me in the antelope shooting one day out by our two selves on leave, says he—'Tcu're a sensible boy, 4 he says. * Look at me fair,' he says. ' Am I not a-fine build of a man?" hesays In truth he was, and I told him so—poor old Beddy. 'You're a sensible boy, and can keep a tight upper; lip,' says he. 'so tell me straight—d'ye think. Lucy Kleinhart would have me.* An' I told him to go; in and. win. .1 s'pose it eased him like to get an opinion on his case, like when yr-u have a touch of malaria. He asked her,, and the very same night Mei£s, he asked, her, and.there, it was. They was both l;ne, smart men, and bound to rise hi the army, and Lucy she didn't know which, to take and kept a-playin* with them, till they was worried and siek-andwouldn't talk more than civil—ihem as had baen so thick; "Ye mind the year or two after the Custer massacre? Well, we was busy thern days; ,'7C was busy times, hut the *7S.,campaign was lively, too. We was through it, an* of course the weemen an' gii-ls was left at the post One night we was in camp at a bend in a creek, a permanent camp, good for fuel, fcrage an" .water, and the. reds, we knew, wasn't very far away, 'cause we'd seen 'em spyin' on us from the bluffs, but they weren't in force. What there was we thought was on Mother, pide ihe -cre^fe. ai£JKe pickets, had orders to. challenge, but once, afitf^Ebeh" 1 fire if they sighted anything queer near their post, for a daring devil had knifed a sentry not. long ago, without him having a chance to call out- or give the alarm. Them young Injuns was always looking out for a chance to distinguish themselves in that there kind of way. "Reddy Rodd was a corporal of the guard that night, but was taken sick, and Slelgs 'was detained to relieve him. Heigs went on just in time to post a-relief, and Reddy went back to his tent, stripped and lay down, but his sickness would not let him rest, and he was up and down. Well, Meigs—-he was a careful man on duty—he wasn't satisfied with posting his relief, but, after he'd given the last sentry his orders pretty far out of camp, he says to the fellows relieved: "Wait where you are a minute," says he; 'there's been whisky" in camp this day, and there's whisky-boozing going on to-night outside camp, and I'm darned,' he say?, 'if I don't nail 'em.' For it -was no time for the boys to be drihkin', with Injuns around. • -Off goes Meigs, ail alone, to a little gully, which was the place he meant. Next thing there was a shot and a yell and a cry from the corporal for the guard to come up. "Meigs was cool, but the whole camp was roused. "I got scmethin' better than I expected,' says Meigs to the officer of the day. 'No whisky, but another sneaking Injun looking for a careless picket to knife.* So he goes with the officer and the guard to a huddled-up figure in a blanket they could hardly see because of . the black night. .'A good shot,' says the officer of 'the day, 'very good, corp'ril," he says; -and . strikes a match, and back he. jumps. Good lord, corporal!' he cries. 'It's Corporal Rodd.' And it was: - ' The sickness had let.him, get no rest, and he'd just swung his blanket round him and slipped out of mmD a hit/ and met.his fate.; 'Meigs raved, so they had to put. him under guard, and the accident made the whole camp miserable. Soon after the J accident, the-winter setting m,-we, were, j ordered back to the post, the campaign ; for us being over, but days before that | we laid old- Reddy in the ground, with j a headboard over him. so's we might fin him again, if need-be,- Mighty sorry we 1 all were for he was a fine build of a ! man. Still, we expected him to rest, i and I'm thinking ghostses would have | tetter jobs to be attending, t6 . where they're put ""than coming back to their ; old sweethearts. Thafs where their im- j moral-ity shows up, * "Well, Meigs he was like a dumb man ! for a long time when he wasn't raving. and sure we thought the- man would transfer to another regiment, or .at least to another company than old B Com- ; hf, fljdn't He staved on SdU^fficers^e nSW soS him, and the weemen petted Mm for shooting his old bunkie by mistake.: And Luey Eeinhart, she was broken- : hearted at first, but .came round, a^d befiore Christmas she was consoling Meigs best she knew, and then two things happened: Our ohf First Sergeant he retired for old age; and-the old man made Meigs jj^rst Sergeant—he. was a good soldier, was Meigs.\ Eim-ul-tun-e-ously it was announced, so it was, that Meigs was-going to marry Lucy, and glad was -Old Kleinhart to see his daughter get so promising a man as Meigs, for. he was. getting to be a wreck. ? "Well, I mind the night when Meigs faced us at retreat with the diamond. on his chevrons, and called the roll., He'd been pale and thin, but was pick- I ing^up, and that night lie was smiling. • Off 4ie ratUes the roll in fine style With no breaks, and the captain was crossing the jparadfe ground from his house when [ Meigs .steps to the end of the Jine. r j " 'Ri-i-ight dress!' says lie, sharp and j loud; -foe he bad a fine commanding voice, had Meigs. 'Steady. Front" and back he starts, for his place to salute the captain a^d report the 'company" present Vr accounted for-' . He* dl^'t tiiere rigljt away. J3aif-v.'ay Jie stopped^ and. oh. bovs. you should have seen th"! a {lead mail,- so It was, saving Ms iow^r jaw dro^ped dtuvn and j p and -dropped £own and ^erked*iip, 1'l.nU heh' lui he sayg," In In a » eracke^ AMinlrn^ loV tntar ..rtf^n' • voipe^1 the_ f ront^smd'-Mte 'Stwit at the air. We were all to o asitoniehea io move, ' Atiy- |y, it was Jail over In half; a minute. Tgs comes to himself, aiid "'wh*en the itain Arrived, though his,- face was V&tfe; vtrfee^ook, M fialutedali rj^ht and^TepoAed. But jaone of tae dafed to speak to the new First that nlpht, and ihe ibeked h'm»«a>if in his orderly room. . i "But he was Shock, and 'it was Reddy; Rodd we saw,* was the whisper that night. Little Coxey, the trumpeter, son of old Coxey of L> Company, was my neighbor in barracks, his bunk next; mine in a corner. The little man was all ashake with fear*at the ghost stories; he-heard that evening before taps, and 'BUI let's you a.nrl me double up,' says he after tattoo. I was but a raw rookie myself, and was glad of his- company under the blankets, special when he was waked up near midnight by a howl -from tli^ orderly room, where Meigs slept alone. We sat up and Coxey grabbed my Band. That howl was not repgated, and after, a. minute: the sergeant in charge .of barracks gets up to the or-: derly-room door and knocked and asked if tliere was anything wrong. . Af ters a. time:Meigs naJ3Swered 'r—. 'Nothing, sergeant^. jStwrsL tP havse^disjturbed yoUi ,j[ guess,!: had a (nightman. ^ -.->. ',•>, " tTwas : tiitle^oxey- whispered^to tne. . 'Bill,' do • tyo^iithink it^yag^. really an ; .?K5ci4ent s Tijey x? 1 "® both sin. love with L^cy Klein'- Ji^"t,.weren't thjes^?'-. -j , .- .. ,-j "t 'Don't you dare ,cven to _ whisper such things,'. ! says^and^ hg ^was stUi holding nay -rlie's,:^svith^the f-cavalry npw,--a-..-.First. Sergeant himself.: and Ja. fine build of a man. "Them young trumpeters .hear, every word spoken in the post, and Coxey must liave heard what 1- had- not Nasty things were being said about our new First Sergeant. Everybody thought, -that Jjiicy wotJd have chosen Reddy Rodd in the end, arid when the marriage with Meigs was spoken of, tfie Iboys -said*" , accidieSAs always made -room for someone's promotion.' Coxey - was not the only one whispering. D Company gave a hop the night after that howl from the orderly r6om, arid it was - a full- dress"'iaffair, • arid" the "grandmarch was led oc by D's old man with the First's wife on his arm. Most of uswent, and when the- officers had gone we set "in for the real danc-ing, and, "of course, for the first waltz Meigs goes up to ask Lucy. He was like a ghost himself, but she was as rosy and jolly as ever. She was standing right in the middle of the room,-and" we-made'way for Meigs to reach her, and -watched them "natural like, for they were to be' married the -next week-^week before Christmas. Tip steps Meigs- to within five paces, and there was no one between them. Suddenly Megs stopped short, and the sweat broke- out all over him, and his" lower jaw dropped,*and lie jerked up and dropped down and jerked up', and his face was like the'face of .a hanged man, only white. Lucy was smiling at him when he stopped, and when she saw him turn like this she started to go to him, crying, 'Are you sick?' But he didn't-answer, and in ' a second Lucy,' she," too, stopped stone still and the red ran from her cheeks and she shook. • • " 'Rsddy Rodd!' she cried-, and fainted.- "Tlie fellows ran to help her, and some were going to catch Meigs, when he made a spring at—at something, and began to wrestle with—with it. It lasted a second, and he was carried out frothing at the mouth. They carried him to the hospital, and there he lay until the night of Christmas Eve. "That broke up the dance,- .and • there was queer talk among the .fellows that night. Old Kleinhart; he-had a house in Laimdress's-row, and I tell you his neighbours were scared the night of the dance. Lucy went into the .next fit as-soon.as they got her out of the last, and when she wasn't in a fit she was lying with staring eyes, -answering, 'Yes', orp'Ko,* while she listened to—Reddy Rodd. It -was Reddy Rodd, ^.nd everybody knew his ghost was ih the post, and you couldn't have got the sergeant-major himself to cross the parade ground after dark alone. And Coxey and me, we was mighty glad Meigs was in.the hospital and not in his orderly room howling at midnight. The hospital fellows said he was quiet enough up there and only asked to be let alone. Reddy Rodd's ghost didn't bother him :there—'cause it was busy fixing things up with Lucy. And old Kleinhart, he says morning after the dance, Lucy wouldn't never marry Meigs, but it was a good excuse for the old chap to get drank and be carried to the guardhouse. "Lucy was around the post in a day or two, but we didn't know her hardly. She'd .pass you without seeing you, with a facelike milk. And sometimes her eyes would glare, and sometimes she'd cry, while^he helped her mother with the wash tubs? You bet no one sa'id 'Me.igs' to her. But the scaringest. thing about her was like it happened to me when I gave her good morning at the post-office. She began to talk to me, and all of a sudden she stopped and her eyes, was fixed and she says, faraway like, but a bit impatient, 'Yes— : ye§—yes. You do your part; I'll do mine. I am quite "strong enough.* She kept talk- ing to herself that way like, but Coxey and I, we guessed that it was Reddy Rodd she was a-talking to. And, mind you, it was. Leave the fire alone, you. There's light enough to listen by. "Christmas Eve, Mother Brown—I mind her pies—she gave a party, she did, and she didn't want to invite Lucy, 'cause she feared she'd spoil the fun with her queer ways, but she did, and Lucy came, and me,-and Coxey, and Spud Murphy, as died here before the. real fighting begun, and only one or two more. We'd heaps of fun and a bit of a' dance and refreshments, so we had, and was feeling good, and Lucy was behaving t like herself again, but she was pale. Two of the feiiows got larking. and, begab, they smashedMother Brown's .best.chceney teapot Mother Brown took *; easy-rest her old bones; they he m what's Oklahoma now-but Lucy said it was a^hame, so it was, and the man who d " saould be court-martmlled.' So, for fuE the we formed a court in i»oper form, and Lucy was president, and 'twasme was judge- advocate,, and we divided up the rest as witnesses and mem- ^rs of the court. Lucy took her seat at the table, and, eh! but her face was white then! ' " '* "-* "Says I: 'The court being now- duly formed, shall the prisoners be brought in?* ^ S f ^ the door, the table, be^een her and it, and^between the table and the door was a good clear space. Man, younever saw such eyes as hers that night They looked, clean through ^ T ^ 0 sudden, she i . What's ^ ^ ^ the matter. Loo?' t^' says she. 'What are you looking at. LIDO?' "And-1 looked -round, and the -faces of the boys was worried and gray, and they was like cattle before a blizzard comes. They didn't know what to. do-or. whether to ran or not I was all a-shabs myself, and the palms of" my-hands felt cold and damp. But I says again: 'Shall: the • prisoner ' and . I. got no further, lor ; -liucy looks ^at the floor, as if someone had come in. and says, in the iiueer, distant voice ghe, d used at the post office: « <Allt y0u have come? Yes. He is coming n0w—he is almost here.* "There was a big fire in the stove, but now it gr ew chill and chiller and cold, but for ^ j ae 0 f ug could not speak nor' tkke OKr eyes from Lucy. And the oil lamps of Mother Brown they flickered and jj gpe^ aim. but. still there was *" anntw jjghb in .the , room, .a. q^eer,,., yelUvyrfsI^ blue light. -Then X Jieara _a yoiee in jtniy ear. close yet far away; ' ' , J " T like you, BJBI, Iton't forget me.* I wae .freezing, with , fear,, but X ~ couldn't, move.. Jt was rRfeddy*s ;voice. I f^Phei} ,t|ie '<S<xjr opens axia Jdl wall^^ Meigs. r*He was in the nightshirt theV bad g^yep him in the hospital. .He'd come Btraight irom his cot," but the nurses Wid ttfeyiiever saw hlm leftve. .The gitfh was half-corpse, but his eyes - Were slarjng, ^ ke looked x^ht In XiucjP'e py^ as ^ereaikfepb^tsdjriven . 1 -JYou"loio'w^ tfae Tch&rge; ^ Vlth them 'awl^d eyiep on Ms, *Dld you JSH Reddy ^hd1n\&tio;?Miy? - V -Are you gulltyr ^ u • ; , | f" 'Guilty!' yelle'd Meigs, -life,a mafman. 'Guilty, and I'd do it agaSft for love of you! J knew, where he'd ^6^-c^tSide' fhe camp. X laid for hlmi as.Jgd, laid for months, when I~first knew he loved you best JDo what you will! If the devil 3Bmself had not pome from hell to give me up, I'd have married you. Now-1 don't care If the whole "post knows the troth;* , Then Lucy turned to ,a corner where it was. • .-•;•.••-. *' T am satisfied,' says she. 'He acknowledges it Do what you will.' '.Then the sweat broke out again on Meigs, and his lower Jaw dropped down" and jerked up, and - dropped . down. and jerked up, and he-howled and howled and howled. - -"• •:::•.-.•.•-,-.;.,.,•.. 'Again!' he shouted.- 'Jn my place on; the parade, and at the dance, and hereT* \- "And then something closed with him and threw Ijipr to the ground,. and. suddenly Lucy rose up and shrieked a genuine woman's shriek.- " r Part them-! part them! Take Mrn away! " Drag hlni off! He's choking iiim!-rvHe's killing him! Beddy! Reddy! Ipon't, oh! Qon't!' " . . . - '• "who do you-say?' someone cried.. ,' 'Reddy Ro<Jd!' : she screamed, and fainted, and when we . came to our sense? the room was warm and the lamps shone, but Meigs was black In the. face and deacT."' JRound the carap. fire they were properly ,att,ecteii; -but the recruit remarked reflecijvelyi.^."• . . • . r . !. . ... an^tndian went out on the crawl to ifr- r, sentry, he would hardly, cumber hir-*- If .^jith a blank—tt-" "sW; 1 . ,yopr face," ;yelled the corporal, "and.-..- fetch ,more wood.".— "New. York Sun." . . 