Greenroom Gossip. BY "TOUCHSTONE." MISS ALLENE CRATER has been greatly handicapped during the " Chinatown "-Australian tour owing to her severe throat trouble. JMiss Crater is an acknowledged star in New York. Through her misfortune we have been unable to see her at her best. Tho little lady is filled with anxiety, and has been giving earnest consideration to taking a long rest. "FOR beauty, grace and style, de winner takes de cake." Here we have the origin of the phrase used by everybody and anybody—" He takes the cake." Mr. M'Adoo is surely to be congratulated for the introduction into Australia of so unique a dance as the cake walk, for in reality it is a dance. The coons taking part fairly revel in it. It may take son.e time to find its way on to Australian ball programmes, but it will take a long time for the "white" coons to trip it as neatly as the darkies of M'Adoo's Co. Miss EDITII HOYT, who is in the cast of " A Stranger in New York," is the wife of Tom Browne, the whistler. She made her first appearance in Melbourne in the ''Chinatown lual.neelast week. F. Monieaih ]ihoio. THE cakes exhibited in Gunsler's and Parer's ill be presented, at the conclusion ot the Georgia l instrels' season, to the couple who succeed in inning thegreaiest number of night "walks." 1 his ias no reference to Hamlet's ghost's walk. The heatrical " ghost " usually walks on Mondays. LAST Friday night saw the farewell performance n Melbourne of two great favourites, Bellman and Moore. Mr. and Mrs. Bellman made their first bow here at the Princess' three years ago. They came out with " The Stars of All Nations" h Company. The organisation did not catch on, however. Most of the " stars " went back to their respective nations. Bellman and Moore rem-iined in Australia, and sucseeded in establishing themselves with their audiences. Their engagement with Harry Rickards, which has been a long one, will terminate on the '26th August. They will play a farewell season of twelve nights in Sydney, from whence they go to San Francisco. MRS. CHARLES RYLEY is the authoress of "An American Citizen," lately produced with great success by Nat Goodwin in London. JONI s, of Jones and Lawrence's, from Cremorne Gardens, Perth, is in Melbourne, looking for artists to take back to W.A. I don't think he'll have much dilliculty in finding plenty. All the available artists are looking for Jones. "THE HUMAN Frtoo " was snowed up for five days in an American canon whilst on tour with a travelling company last year The railway line was completely blocked. The good old sun was the only power that could remove that snow, but he took five days to do it. Whose benefit takes placs next Thursday afternoon, ^Jtli August, at the Theatre Roy 111. T. Humphrey iphoto, i04 Collins-street, Melbourne. He DSON is also seekiug good talent for the'Easf. These two worthy managers need have noanxiely. Good or bad, the talent is keeping its eye open. "THK FIRM " will shortly capture New Zealand with the "Geisha." CARRIE MOORE, behind the scenes,is 'as'£>erfcjapd ively as before her audience. The whdle time she is waiting for her cues her eyes.are witching the performance, taking in everything. Shelatighs at all the jokes and, judging by her merriment, seems to be thoroughly in her element, in the profession she has adopted. TATLEY is at present golfing. He recently won the competition in England for the Victoria and Diamond Jubilee Challenge Cup, over a thirty-six ole course. FEURY, "the human frog," whose photo, appears in this issue, is an American He says he was " born a contortionist," which naturally goes without saying. His particular characterisation of a frog took him years of hard work to bring to perfection. He seldom rehearses. " Just stretches the cords " occasionally, before going on to do his performance. WAY down in Colorado, a little Australian lady has taken up her abode as a teacher of singing. Celeste Hover was a native of Victoria, who, some years back, went across to the States. There she graduated at the Conservatorium of Music in Boston. She was an apt pupil, and assisted many other singers on their way up the ladder. Colorado, however, took her fancy, and she has made that distant Mate her home. I take this opportunity to "state her home " to her Melbourne friends. HOWARD and St. Clair, who commenced their season at the Bijou on Saturday last, originally came to Australia with the Flying Jordans. THE Flying Jordans are at present in Sydney. They may shortly be heard of again in their " flighty " performance. "BILLY" M'CLAIN was a member of Curtis' Co. in Sydney. The " Mik-a-doo" (M'Adoo) thought him too good an item to see stranded, and secured his services to strengthen the Georgias at St. George's. IT appears, while in Sydney, the two dark companies (Curtis' and M'Adoo's; competed very hard for public favour. Tho "Mik-a-doo," however, stands on his hill and crows : " He-won." BLAND HOLT'S " War of Wealth " will not hold so long as reckoned. There is to be a change at the Royal soon. Whether for better or worse I cannot say. Anyhow, it will be "For England" —and "for Bland." He gets most of the talk in it, anyhow. MB. and Mrs.BartoD are adjudged the Champion Cake Walkers of the "States." Ada Barton is the nearest approach to white amongst the Georgia people. Her father was a white man. Her mother (Corline Cushman) was known through America and England as " The Original Black Swan." BLANCHE WALSHE, who was out here with Nat Goodwin, made a bold bid for the diamonds of the late Fanny Davenport. Fanny Davenport was a very popular actress in America. On her death Blanche took her place, with much success. She also thought she ought to take her diamonds, and bid ten thousand dollars for them. AN English variety artist, lately arrived in Melbourne, complains about the entrances to Bourke-street theatres. To illustrate this fact, a man last week gathered up his family to visit Bland Holt at the Royal. After considerable bustle, they were comfortably seated in the stalls, when hubby looked around, stared, and finally ejaculated : " Well, I'm d d ! They've removed the circle and gallery—and—why, it's spoilt the theatre !" He had mistaken the Royal entrance and guided his flock into St. George's Hall. A NEWLY-ARRIVED comedian was asked how he liked Melbourne. He replied, " Very much indeed; it beats all the other cities out here, I guesF, though I haven't been able to see it all yet. The rain, however, compares very well with other placcs I fancy." E • ( a i F C t o l ' THEIR whereabouts :—The Craj Ne-w Alhambra, Hlaekpool; " M m -jpire, Deptford ; Foiemanand F Swansea ; (Jarl licit/., Empire, M i. K.nowles, Empire, Birmingham; ndL the Poluskis, Empire, Ktratfori s "touring : Austin Rink], Empire, red. Poplar, Empire, Brighton TTojl CoSTELLo's r, I erloirt ind hurch," " Comrades " and "The ON the Alameda, ai rontr. to 'Fi heatrical contingent. In addition f INcw York " Company are Harri iis family, a Melboui ne actress the Slates to try her luck, a S.. - publisher, and Hattcnbai-h, the'cell lan<3 Albert Friedentiul. tlie pianis the Fiji and Sandvirii Inlands prioj to Europe, left the summer, and the" Ro~berts Company en.i ui ked and v< lulu, where they are iluing a season, Friedentlial has had i.-ir- haircut, looking kind of lone.-nme. CRFADAME BKRNIIAKM'^ season of the London Adelphi. i.aH been brou Her last wa/tJiecperfr'Miinnecwaswii Beerbohm Tree and Mr. Herman Vi known representative.- >jf the Danis faces of these two aeK i = as they w added amusement I<• • eriain of the essentially feminine Hamlet Sarah's =ould not Li' •<> interest wliatlhear, it fell I'::: short of S JENNIE LEE still : rea-lly owes her its scenes from her favi. London Lyceum n.. testimonial benefit i theatre. JMii. HOYT, of If - reLations to leave :. world to manage eii He mentioned this-' : Browne immediate, maiden name I WELS a relation. -Mr. .i.ins true ;o, JennieJ s tharaet ; ;v. The oo •.; r. Jot-eph MISS SOPHIE OSMOND, ^M^ 1 -.. tf E Jfrom then.' Mft"'-' , Mr. Ri.-U-"»= • feff lie «icM r^T I;'-'- u won .it tii' f ^ - ^ r Royal coiituniL- K ' l . J w r t i s M hew* i.^mTl! i 5 <!°' n S tl,rCe h:1 IS^tresin^n^" 1 '- " ioda!cm .bo appears^ frftrilim, 0^lord 8,1(1 S " gBillet at the. j' jiHmont like a candle i, lliSTPX who ||e lie stage, ML HIT W' las for pc is (k'tennii SllO "'ill r^Hsvmarket Tlieat. jrVMney Grundy, bason fe'Soiie" ^ 'OnfrtPt recfin! • : .il a nore" 1 ex- '®y«treengaged i..'- ~ ( > vcr a ggrnve _ : "W)t of a devf-a-' l ' 1 ia ii who - had -™.tti:hi VMis. ISABKLLE URQUIIART, who came here with Bernard Beere, lately divorced her husband, Guy Standing. FOREMAN and Famian are at presen t doing the English provinces. While in Australia the} 7 were both captivated by, and joined in wedlock, with, two young ladies of Melbourne. WILSON BARRETT recently ventilated his opinion of Australian audiences at Hall. He said — "They do not. take their cue from London, but judge for themselves. They give 3 ou a hearty welcome to begin with. Then they fold their hands and settle down to give tlieit- judgment. If they are pleased, they are unstinted in their applause, It is a pleasure to play to them."' THE matinee at the Melbourne Bijoulast Saturday •was wretchedly attended. The public seemed to think more of outside sport than assisting a charitable cause. THE sketch by the M'Coy Sisters and Marion, "The Queen's Own Light Brigade," did not take "with the " naice " people in the dress circle on Saturday. Of course the " turn " is absurd. The upper ten (!) just stared solidly and expressed themselves by dumb silence. The "gods" cliteredthe item, which caused " something" in a dress suit to remark, " It's awful nonsense, but it suits thatclassof people, I suppose." "ST. K."—Your question is not the easiest of answering. John Coleman, Austin Rudd and Edgar Granville all made decided hits as character comic, singers with Rickards' Co. ALL hail Australia ! My call of last week for Victorian country districts to send along their talented sons and daughters, to emulate the Castles boom, has been answered instead by another colony. Adelaide has been so much smitten with the success of A my Castles, that she has decided to vie with this side of Australia and produce her gifted artists. The first to be sent forth to the world is a Miss Mcta Buring, contralto. A grand concert has been arranged for Saturday, 2nd September, at Adelaide Town Hall, to raise the necessary funds to send her 'Ome, Others will follow in due course. Osnot the charrcters in " A Stranger in New York" has only about eight words to speak during the performance. But those eight words crested much merriment among a political party in the circle on the first night. When he said "Two dollars made me a democrat last year," Mr. Gillies and a few of his stout brethren just held on to their sides, which fairly shook with unsuppressed laughter. STANLEY ADAMS, the boybanjoist, received a vociferous encore for his selection with the orchestra on the opening night of "The Stranger." That boy will outshine his father yet. PROFESSIONAL jealousy is always rife. When actors of the same line, come together in the same piece then the fun is at its best. Recently in an Australian city three comedians battled bravely for the honours in a certain production. One of them, though, just walked all over the other two. For perfection of "front" he beat everything When either of the others struggled tu launch some particular gag, he at once silenced them : - " Look out, don't sayanything ; I'll fetch this play through all right," and at once shovelled all his wit upon the house. The beaten ones retired completely nonplussed. THE " Geisha" Co., on the conclusion of its Perth season, will leave lor Adelaide, opening there with " La Poupi ; e." RICHABI- H. DOUGLASS appeared in two nev (urns at the Bijou last Saturday evening : " Merry Margate " and " The Tempeiance Orator." THE Hay tors are "starring" at the Empire Theatre, Birmingham. THE initial performance of " Hamlet " by Sarah Bernhardt in London dragged its way close on to midnight. When the hour of twelve was near at hand a wag in the gallery whistled, " We Won't Go Home Till Morning." The ghost shivered on hearing the air, and quickly disappeared into obscurity. L ( JOHN P. SHERIDAN and Gracie Whiteford are touring the English provinces with " When the Lamps are Lighted." BRISBANE. — Fitzgc raid's Circus seems (o be greatly welcomed by the city of the North. Since the arrival of the organisation the public has been flocking round to once moie acquaint themselves with the " circusie " smell of sawdust. AT the Opera House M'Mahon's Lyceum Company has been playing "Flightfor Life." At the end of the third act the heroine found herself in so tight a corner, hemmed in by the Matabrle, that she persuaded the management to help her out with the aid of a flying ship. How many mummers, stranded in far off towns, would wish M'Mabon to bestow the same kindness upon them, and save weary miles of tramp back home. SYDNEY.—The weather, during (he past week, interfered somewhat with the theatres. Notwithstanding, "The King's Musketeer" has been well attended. THE liroughs are playing to large audiences at the Royal. Their new attraction, "The Brixton Burglary," preceded by " Jn Honour Bound," has been most successful. THE Tivoli Co has been strengthened by the addition of Little Alma Gray, who made her reappearance in Australia last Saturday. The bill also includes a new London specialty team of sketch artists, Rayston and Rayford. The Cinquevalli hoom will extend to 25th August. Bellman and Moore commenced their farewell season of eleven nights last Monday. " HOI.LOWAY and Anderson are asking the public a huge question— " Shall We Forgive Her ?" The public, being worldly, are, inclined to answer in the affirmative, and nightly ilock to the Lyceum o know what her sin, that needs forgiveness, really s. "THE KJLLY C ,Nii,"' with all its blood and istol shots, is boqu,i;,g at (lie Criterion. NIWBURY is still "popping " NEW ZEALAND. -The Jubilee Singers are till touring New Zealand. Their ptogramme is truly a varied one. The singing in chorus of " There's a Great Camp Meeting in the Promised Land," " The Lord's P'ayer" and other items is ntermingled with tumbling by Jerry Mills. POLLARD'S Juvenile Opera Co. are also in Maoriand. MAFIRJIE MOORE and H. R. Roberts Co. left the uckland Goldfields for Honolulu on the 2nd ugust. Maggie is thinking of returning to merica shortly. FRIEOFNTITAI., appeared for one night in Auckand on the 9th August fit route for Canada. TIIK Steele Payne Bellringers are touring the slands. THE Fanning-Rivers Company are on their ay for an extensive tour of the South Island. ADELAIDE. — Holloway and Anderson closed heir seasonattheRoyallast Monday with the piece, £1000 Reward." Dante commenced his season t the same theatre last Tuesday. ON the .^th August Prof. Anderson, "The izard of the North," paid a fiying visit tc delaide. He only had time to stay one night, ystify everybody, present his audience with iamond rings, clocks, &c.;, and continue flying. ante has not yet announced his intention to disribute any valuables to his audiences. KISS VIOLA GILLLTTZ, S'l'l-vr in N,-\v V. il • 0 Ti'ma jho'-.o. MISS ALLENE CRATER, Leading Lady, " A Stranger in New York" Co. FERRY, " Tlie HIII)!M1 Vrog," Georgia Minstrels. HOWARD AND ST. CLAIR, Sketch artists, Tinny Rirknrds Oo. 