CHRISTMAS TKUS. One Christmas Angelus. (By W W.) Lovcdale waa a pretty township at all sciibona of the year, but never lovelier thai* when the sua shone on it "one plea- BR11t Christmas Eve. There was scarce a little home in it that was not embowered in garden or orchatd, but it was up on the fair slopes around that the trees seemed broader and greener, the apples larger and more rosy, and the corn ripened earlier than m any other spot in the district. And here was Widow Mornane sitting in her spotless kitchen, with the doors open and the soft breeze waving to and fro the muslin curtains of the windows. The widow was an attractive picture herself, and she had the comfortable air of one who knew it. Her plump and shapely hands were busily stoning raisins for the morrow's pudding, Pnd the hum of the busy bees at her profitable hives reached her ears pleasantly. Mrs. Mornane's figure was plump and trim, hex hair and eves ' a dark brown. That hair itself had enmeshed nieny a man, at whom the saucy widow laughed, for it waa crinkled aha waved in a most tantalising manner, not to speak at all of the bewitching "cow's lick" it had over her still almost unwrinkled forehead. Truly a pretty woman for her ripe years, and her well-got-up print gown fitting the round bust without a wrinkle. The widow took 'care of that. She was far mote particular with the dressmaker than her own daughter who was undoubtedly the fairest of the fair girls in all Lovedale. There, was a smile round Widow Mornane's red lips as she atoned those raisins. Indeed, Mrs. Mornane was always (uniting when, she wasn't laughing outright. At least, nearly always, for I must own that -sometimes—well, let it pass. There arc spots know. But, at all events, he; pleasant ones as she sa' the rest after hat busy vas smiling broadly, so thy dimple showed in and her even: white tee t\v«cii the red lips. But light as she glanced thro and saw Dan O'Brien com:; slope by the path through stubble. • , "The oldfool!" the widow murmured, •rn his vest this warm evening and the sweat running down his mfce." Now, this was rather, unfair of Mrs. Mornane, for O'Brien was still too far off for her to nee whether th* sweat was running down Us nose or not. She certainly could see that he had hw black suit on, and that the gold chain ho only wore, as a rule, on Sundays was glittering across his blue bwcaded waistcoat. He hadn't on a "bell-topper." Oh, no! Fool as Mrs. Mornane had naa ovfr- O'Brien was not hastily ^edjum, O-Wie^ as fu I'/mim^Siiudf head^ and his S S i C f c S in his best floweKri^ r» n t^er ;idow,8 door. W h f nSriritt poorman for as he And he needed it, poor man, took off his hat and murmur fully, "God save all here!" the sweat was dropping off his nose. He was, to say the , leas't'of .7*; it,-a 1. _—little man, was Dan podgyk O'Brien, and to^black suit was growing mow uncomfortably tight with every Sunday. When Ihe shy widow put down her ,dish/of raisins imd welcomed him, she had r the greatest difficulty in keeping a : eeriotifi countenance. — "And you, too, Mr, O'Brien," says she demurely, as she placed achflir for bim. "sit do&, do, ^ t a and surely it's the . warm weather were having. Qlory be to God!- • U...1 "Pit. Tiift&n;, llir Mrs. Morhis headl with "but we must be tha__ what fine harvest weather we bad.-- "Yes, indeed^ Mr. O'Brien, thanks be to the Lord,". 'Twae a good- h , M T < * t every way. Tom tells me you ha-l a grand crop this year, andwire I went myaelf to e«e your twenty-ware padt h r m S ^ e T a n d 'twas t rfSfcf&iS;^ffBI suppose you're quite through w, Mr. O'Brien ? ' , •Yea ma'am, we finished the day be- fl&SXE; the widowasked, Z her ?yes, lap as again. she. took the . dish „, of raisins on poor "Oh. d—n Catherine!" your O'Brien suddenly- "I hni pardon, Mrs. Mornane, and body V me is harrishpd otit .o' me with tliat woman. I can't stand her no longer, so I «an't. She's jaot owr agM^Wrat any.am«i,. bn± at h^esting drive in tfe name b' jfbotofss. Wr prtiMen, why dont W & S & A f l ^C .to take cire bf you, imrtajd of a~houseke«dpcr,.to to ifai You're.m her, so you are, »C- 1\. tape i^ advice " , O'Brien hid dropped tW feig aft handkerchief into the crown of his bat that he held With both hands between MR fat lem, and at the widow's question] he looked up her quickly, only to as quickly drop his eyes into" the hat after his handkerchief. An observer might have thought that he blushed a little, only that his face, being already so red, there could be no certainty. He moved uneasily in his scat, and then burst into his business with a rush, like a steam engine when the steam has been turned on suddenly. " "Tis that I'm here for, ma'am, an' I may as well speak at once. She's jawed at me all the day, till I didn't know what tf atf I med up my mind to it that Fd try for the woman thatfs had me heart this manny a daiy. I'm a plain man, Mrs. Mornane. but I have a warm heart, and would do my best to make the woman that would honour me as happy as the day is long.'' 'Tm sure of that, Mr. O'Brien," the widow assented in a low tone, and with her eyes fired on her busy fingers that trembled a little in spite of her. "An' I'm a Bnug man, Mrs. Mornane ; "a snug man, an' a warm man " Here the widow laughed outright. If her head was at stake she couldn't have helped it. She had to glance at the poor man's hot face, and the sweat that was beginning to drop down his short noBe again, and the little fat. pudgy legs that looked like sausages too tight in their skins. The effect of the laugh was disastrous. He stopped speaking suddenly, and stared at the widow with such distress in his" honest, little eyes that Mrs. Mornane felt ashamed of herself. "Oh, then. I beg your pardon, Mr. O'Brien. Sure, I was always a foolish. giggl.n • u„i woman „ ever since . I _ was - a slip . of : L P * ™ \ r ° U m a l nature "°T- to me 1 ? to see d p something a ffor COI,d laugh every minute. What I was laughin' at, Mr. O'Brien, was thinking that no one but an Irish woman or man would know what you meant by being snug and warm; but I knew." "Of course you did, ma'am," said the relieved suitor; "and there's no one ows it better than yourself, for your round matches wid mine. There isn't a tter farm than mine in the parish, f .nd there's not many men of my station that haa as good a bit in the bank, though I say it myself. Thanks be to God, I am a≤ to keep a wife as well as most men." But Mrs. Mornane saw that poor O'Brien had not quite got over that unlucky laugh yet, and she could have half bitten her tongue out for her indiscretion. She put her dish of raisins on the table, and lifted her white apron to her eyes. "Indeed, then, Fm a fine fool to be: laughing this day," she said in broken tones that suggested tears. "A poor broken-hearted, lone woman that 11 soon be left to the mercy of thte world, without chick nor child, poor, sympathising O'Brien; "there'isnVfiner children in the parish than yours this day " «Al, £„ one, I can't hold 'em to mc. There's that rascal Tom wantin' to mar- "In the convent? God forbid! Why would a girl like your Mary take the vows?" , "Why, indeed, though theree better than her there. But sure you know that 'tis the loss of her sweetheart that's fallen heavily on the child. You've heard ttfe story?" .. ' • "Yes, Tom told me," said O'Brien, who was looking sorrowfully into the crown of his hat again. "Bryan Duty was a dacent boy," said the widow, with a sigh, "and ! was proud a-«ssswatslias immediate. But Mrs. Duty—more power to her— wouldn't stir from the old farm at Inneree. But, poor soul, she soon died, an' so Bryan was, at liberty." . "I suppose Tom told you all about it. Ttrvan sailed from Liverpool in the dare & e , and frtHU the d^she lost sight oi land she's never been heard of. - It Until lately she has always had some hope that Bryan wasn't drotmed, but -SfrSSMS thS y shVLAtw^id ^ m f d b e r s on the Chapel rise be- ^^^hiistmas. little ^fortune that her Mary aunt has left her her, own Mr. O'Brien, and Bhe is of age, so I can t hinder h«?r^o way." . O'Brien's red face had become mottled with a queer pallor that was stealing into it. He heaved » great qjgh. 'TMins to her., were saym';*! O^Brien, for .'® I nothing talk pf wMi jrtm jsensiWe'wwrd _ ifCi ( " tiTiM* knd Ikfcd. them ingly that die smiled until that cute little dimple came into her cheek. IOU'W a very shy man, Mr. O'Brien," she said coaxingly. "That's what! am ma'am," he agreed hurriedly. "I waa neverused to women much, and I—I—mavbe, Mrs. Mornane, you'd say the word for meP" Triumph flashed into the widow's eyes, and she looked down at the raisins to hide it. as she asked shyly: "What word will I say for you, Mr. O'Brien P" "To ask Miss Mary if she'd marry me," he said tremblingly. "Faith. then," she cried with a flash of angry astonishment in her eves, '"you can ask her yourself." "I daren't, ma'am. I know that Miss Mary might have the pick of the parish, but she'd have no one that would treat her like a queen, as I wonld. Say the " <.rd for me. Mrs. Mornane. for the love o' God!" The man was actually trembling there before her as he pleaded for the word she had hoped to be for herself, and the widow could have shaken him out. of his tight pants, she was so angry and disappointed. "Ton have 110 more eliance wid Mary than I have wid—wid the man in the moon!" she cried. "Not to speak of hor heart being in the wild sea at all. sure the young lite to mate wid the young, meaning 110 disrespect to you. Mr. O'Brieji. Ton're onld enough to be my daughter's father. Did you think o' that at all when you anVed me to say a word for you?" 'T did then. T did." was the disconsolate rer>!v. as tb B noor nw shook his head slowly. At the same time his hat dropped to' the floor from his trembling bauds iust as if his heart was in it. and too heavy to bp fiorne anv longer. "But. all ail the Top Mine. same, Mrs. JUrs. Mornane. .iinrnnnp. for ior God's Bake finGnk iho word for mc. and nllt nie <«* ™ > 11 i R?rv - I'H ETO out for 1 half ai hour, 'and when I come He could ear no more. back--. "Tery well Mr. O'Brien. I'll ask BIT daughter for you. Imt. sure. I know well what her answer will be. Tom's bevant iii the orchard, the larv. vonhg hound, and as I know you and him are. great friends. mavTio you'd like to talk to him for a while." O'Brien took ut> his hat and went hnmhlv ont in the direction of the orchard. Mrs. Mornane looked after him with a twist of bitter contempt, round her still pretty month : "Ton onld fat. fool!"' said she, "as she shook her plump fist after him : "would nothing do you but a young girl, and the beauty of the parish, invagli ? Bad cess to your impedence. ye little scrawn." And then she imt her apron over her head and ran into her own room to have a good cry. The TMior soul had to cut it short, however. for she was afraid O'Brien might rr.me back before she had his answer for him. To give him that answer and sec the miserable thrawneen's disappointment was all the comfort she-had to look forward to. so she wiped her eyes and hurried out to her daughter's well-known haunt in the front garden. - Mary Mornane was sitting on a seat Tom had constructed for her in a corner, from which she could see the spot in which now was centred" all liier hopes of earthly comfort. There had been a time when Mary's eyes did not rest on the Convent of the Brigidines that stood so peacefully on the hillside above the little 6tonc church, and bearing 011 its gables the same sacred symbol of the Cross of Christ. Once, months ago. she had 6at there day after day to watcli the daily arrival of the coach, by which she had expected her lover 'to come. That hope had been buried deeper "with every passing week, still the faithful girl would sometimes watch the road until the tears hid it f: Teiy like Mornane. ye; her mother ' years. . Mi more glogsy, there tb.at di even the saml her native ty Mary ehs' rarely smil the widow had sweet temper that sweet Mary than ever handsomest .rker. and deney waf> ow's, and sidered in •eted beauthough them, but ssed the Mary's lips. or tlie sensitive son] that looked through her soft eyes. The tears were welling in those soft eyes when her mother turned the corner of the whitethorn hedge, and attacked her with a most unusual acerbity. "There you are, then, as usual, leavin' me to toil and slave wid the pudding, while you're flyin' in the face of heaven, wailin' an' weepin' for a dead man's bones!" "Mother!" cried the girl, in surprise, for she was not acquainted with her mother in this strange mood. . "It's true for me, then, Jiaiy Mm> nane! Flyin' in the face of heaven, because your, b'y was tqken!. God knows J»m to be pitied wid my childer! One Ud think there, wasn't a woman in "«» world that .lost her sweetheart but' self! And if a to a nunneiy you'll ^ . -Mbrrah! Let me tell yon then, Mias, •that such nuns as you aren't in the least acceptable to 'the blessed Lord! You h&vs; 11b vocation for the like, oi4f,you fancy - hare, because your Brair is dead. pity me ... .wid —tA you an' o«l> the,country, MlmhT and everything «1«.. look iSk the vety ^-.'wull that ^at I T got mlr the tho ' of frfcn ' the Hill of Tara itself! Sure, the devil's in 'cm Ore everything else iu this distracted place, an' instead <rf being green 'they've got a Mack spot in the heart of every leaf!" Mary had risen to her feet, bnt could only stare at her mother, for she thought nothing less than she had gone mad. "Tsn t there more men in the world than Bryan DuhyP Why dont you marry one of 'em and be like other girls?" "Mother, what's come over you at all? You are frightening me. Itfs the dark day with me this Christmas Eve, when the year and a day is up, and I know that God has taken Bryan from me. I won't be with you long, mother. Don't begrudge me a few last tears for my less. Whatever has come over you to speak so to your poor Colleen f "Me heart is broken wid you, so it is! You could have the beet in the parish if you'd only lift your finger. But there you are, mornin', noon an' night, cryin' and sighin' as if there was ilo trouble in the world but your own! Here's Mr. O'Brien inside, come to ask you to marry him. Come inBide an' talk to him, for I'm sick of it all." "Mr. O'Brien! Asking me to many himP Mother, you must be dreaming." "Oh, no, Fm not. I wish I was. If I was moidered wid the throuble I have wid you an' Tom it would be no wonder; indeed, but it's true enough what I've tould you, an' why shouldn't itf" "Because, mother, itfs youreelf that honest Dan wants, and not me at all. It' s a mistake entirely, and I can guess very well how it happened. Your Mr. O'Brien is such a shy man,' and you got laughing at him, Til bet, when the poor man was trying to speak to yon, and so he had to turn it off some way. Oh, mother dear sure Mr. O'Brien knows well that my heart- is Bryan's, and that I'd never many him or any other man. Kow, mother, isn't that, how it happened f The girl had guessed so near the truth that poor Mrs. Mornane felt hope creeping up into her heart again. "I did laugh at him, child," she reliod in a softened voice, "for I couldn't Eelp it, but he asked me to speak to you all the same. What makes you think it was myself he was afEher, child " Bhe added, looking so wistfully that the girl nearly laughed in spite of her sad heart. "Because I've 9een it in his eyes often, mother, and so has Tom. The poor man is always looking at you at Mass when he ought to be looking at the priest. Besides, he told me himself." "What child?" "That there wasn't a finer woman in Australia than my mother, and that he'd be the lucky man that could coax w.u to be his wift>." "He said that ?" the widow asked eagerly. "Indeed, he did. Oh, mother 'lear, go i/i«ide and humour tlie pv*>r man a kit, and you'll see it. will all eome right." "But Mary, he did ask me to speak to you." . "Because you laughed at him, and he didn t know what he was saying." "But if he asks me for your answer, whafll I say?" "Tell him I said it was all a mistake. Now go, mother darling, and you'll see it will all come right,"-and with a gentle little pnsh Maiy turned her mother's face towards the house. But I must ask the reader to follow poor O'Brien -as he went disconsolately through the orchard, looking for Tom Mornane. He found that young scamp lying on the broad of his back under a spreading apple tree, letting a roar out of him now and then when some specimen of the yellow and rosy cheeked fruit dropped on some tender part of his body. Tom was a handsome chap of twenty-five, with the build of an athlete, and eyes like his mother's, and he was as good a son and brother as you could find when his irrepressible tendency to fun could be kept in check. When. he saw O'Brien he aat up and grabbed the pipe that was among the rich grass by his side. "The sight of you is good for sore eyes, O'Brien," cried the young man. "What good wind blew you to the orchard P" "Your mother told me yon were here, Tom," said Dan -disconsolately., as he seated himself gingerly on the grass. . "And told yon how la«y I waa to be here, when I ought to be helping, the men with the straw?. , Bnt I jibbed on it, Dan. The fact of it is, I'm tired out. and I don't want to own it. We had hard times of it Che last, couple of weeks. But what ailB you, Dan P You look na if something was wrong, with you, la it Catherine again f" - • . "Oh, she's been tongueing me, aa usual, but.that isn't the wont. Tom. I've been makui* a fool o' meself intimly." . "Well," now, I wonld expect thnt from you, O'Brien; but what way have - you been doing it. Til bet there's a woman in it. And now I come to notice it. you're dressed to kill. Xa -it oourtin 1 you've been. Pan'P." . . . ,. _ "I l»m dp«a.thia afternoon .to your place, Tom, wid me mind.med np to ask the woman I was fond Of to marry me, and—T-." • - .'• i/Hy mother, for a, pound 1" langbad Tom- Wirtily.. "and 4o -jou call that-.V maldn' a fool flf yotiiMf F ltfr the ^St / •mMble thing> JOB1 :WUL IVE; *£n ; eipechng it fot a long Uae^ny ^ j my boy, and then I can bring my own darlin' home." ''It wasn't your mother," groaned O'Brien. • ... ... "Not my. mother.? Then, who .in- the name of the divil is it?" "It was Miss Mary," replied Dan, des- P C "Whew!" whistled Tom. "By George, you have done a foolish thing, O'Brien, for you haven't the ghost of a chance with Mary! Oh Lord! Does mother know f" "She's gone to ask the word of Miss Mary." ^ "My mother is! Well now, Dan, it was a hard-hearted thing of you to aBk her to do it." "Hard hearted? Why, TomP" "Because m- mother is fond -of you herself, Dan. I've seen that for a long time. Oh, Lord, but you have done it.' O'Brien stared at Tom with an astonishment his good- natured face had never exhibited before. "What is that you're sayin', Tom ? Surely you are going craniy! What would make your mother fond of me ?" "What would make any woman fond of a man? Doesn't every one know what a good, kind chap you are, and what a good husband you'd make to a good woman? What on earth possessed you to think of a slip of a girl like Mary? Much good she'd be to you, with her heart ever and always in the cold sea with a dead man's bones! Arrah, Dan. you've made a great mistake, and I tell you plain." "Hm afraid I have, Tom, but sure you must be mistaken about your mother, eh?" "I'm not, it's yourself that's mistaken, man. I won't thank you to break the l^art of the best mother ever a son had." "What'H I do? Oh, Tom, what can I do now when it is too late?" "It's not too late. Get up out o' that, O'Brien, and go back at once to the house. Arrah shake yourself together, Dan, and tell lier you made a mistake, and that 'twas the old Mary you wanted and not the young Mary at all." Dan rose as quickly as he could in consideration of his trousers, and helplessly turned his face towards the widow's home. Tom had hard work to keep his countenance until O'Brien was out of hearing, but when he was the young villain fell back on the grass and laughed until his ribs were sore. Poor Dan got to the kitchen door and entered it sheepishly. The widow was at her raisins again, looking so conscious and rosy that poor O'Brien's heart began to thump hard. He stood there helplessly and 'silently until Mrs. Mornane had to lift up her eyes, and then she saw that the poor man was shaking like a leaf. "Don't take it so hard, Mr. O'Brien," she said softly. "Sit down, do, an' I'll get you a drop o' spirits." And so she did, kind soul that she was, and the stimulant put the life into poor Dan. "You're; able to bear it now, Dan? I'm sorry, but I knew well that Mary—" "It was all a mistake," said the visitor. "It wasn't Miss Mary I wanted at all." "That's what she said," cried the now hopeful widow, dropping her handful of raisins to the floor. "It wasn't the young Mary I wanted at all, but the old "Mary," stuttered Dan, repeating as well as he could the very words Tom had put into his mouth; and adding with courage, as he saw the hot flush in the pretty widow's cheeks, "and say the word yourself, Mrs. Mornane agra. will you marry po( r Dan OBrien ?" "Would she! Wos there any non-1 to rtpeat the question! When Tom's laugh sounded at ilie door his mother and Dan were embracing. each other warmly, and the widow hadn't a word to say about the big drop of owcut that rolled from Dan's nose on to her wavy hair. We must now return to Mary, who. when her mo'ier had gone, felt li«r own loneliness more oppressive than before. Tom would be happy with the girl of his choice, aud her mother, with an honest good man who would almost worship her, while she—well she could pray for her lost Bryan in the security of the holy house. With the tears rolling softly over her pale cheeks the girl looked at the peaceful nunnery, and the sacred walls of the little church among the trees, and just at the moment the bell b« cran to toll soothingly as if to remind her sad heart' that there was a land where faithful souls would receive compensation for all the sufferings and sorrows of earth. It was the Angelus! Mary dropped upon her knees on the grass and began to repeat, as she had done since she was a child, the. words of the holy angel. "An angel appeared unto Mary- and said unto her, 'Hail, Mary, full of grace> blessed art thou among women.'" Fully absorbed though Mary was in the prayers so familiar and beloved, .she was yet conscious that someone had knelt' beside her in the shadow of the hedge. She thought it was her mother, and not until the last bell rang and . the 7 last prayer was said did she turn to look at her anxiously. The girl was still on her knees, and when she saw who it wa$ that had shared her prayers she lifted her Hands with a great ciy, and fell forward, on,, the.breast of Bryan Duhy in a dead' faint.' But rarely indeed does joy kill. Whei} Mrs. Mornane and O'Brien, heralded hy the mischievous Tom, went down to seek Mary in the garden, they found her recovering from her swoon in. her lover's arms. The widow would have' fainted, too, when sh& ^aw Bryan's ghost, - but she got a strong grip on Dan's fat arm, and recovered quickly. We may fancy the happy scene when Brian told them of his shipwreck on the rocky Isle of "Kerguelen s Lund," where the uurvivors, fortunately, sustained from the provisions taken from the wreck were obliged to remain for months before their signals were sighted by a passing ship with a disagreeable captain. "He was a Spanish chap," explained Brian, and he refused to put us ashore until he reached his port. I was laid up in hospital at Oporto for many weeks, half the time too ill to think of my darling Mary, and as soon as I was able to travel I had to wait for money to come, from Melbourne here where I had sent all my cash to a bank." " All's well that ends well," cried the practical Tom, "but as there's none of the women able to see after getting the supper ready, I guess I'd better go and see after it myself, if I don't want to go hungry to bed." The next morning being, as we know, Christmas Day, happy Dan was out of his room so early that Catherine, the disagreeable housekeeper, glared at him with a sniff of disapproval. Dan's face elione with soap and happiness, his shirt was white as snow and gloBsy as a looking glass. The very gold of his chain seemed to shine With a new lustre, and his boots mirrored the sunbeams. "Is it goin' to Mass you are afther your late hours last night? Tou ought to be ashamed of yourself, so you ought, a man of your years." "Yes, I'm goin' to Mass an' my hours has nothing to do with you, Catherine •Ryan," Dan said, with a new dignity, "and I have a word to say to you before I go. I'm tired of your cheek and your tongue, and you'll have to leave this house if you can'l learn better manners. J'm goin' to be married next week, thank' God. and I'll see in future that €here will be only one mistress in the house, and that'll be my wife. Make a good riinnor for yourself an' • the men, but don't expect me till all hours." You may be sure that the whole of the Mornanes as well as Bryan Duhy were at early Mass that Christmas morning, and that they heard it, one and all, with thankful hearts. O'Brien, went home with them Co. spend the "Christmas, ,of course, and they wound up a happy, day with such a night as not one of them ever forgot. There was the best of eating -and drinking, and there wae whisky punch galore. There were ghost stories, and songs and recitations, though there was but the family party of. five, but they were each' happy , and wishful to make the others happy. Tom . enjoyed himself thoroughly in teasing the-rest, and he came out strong in the song line, for his repertoire was large. I)an O'Brien actually glowed with happiness, and forgot in a great measure his natural shyness. No one had given the honest man credit for a voice, but he actually volunteered a son?, and 'sang the 'old, old "Kathleen O'More." When he got to the verse, "When she milked the dun cow . That ne'er offered to stir, Though wicked to all it was gentle to her. So kind was my Kathleen, My own iitfle Kathleen, My Kathleen O'More!". Tom groaned in a chorus of his own with a glanc-2 at' his beaming mother that made' h^r threaten hitn with her plump fist. ' The chorus was "Molly Astlir.re." - But. the hit of the «vening was decidedlv Tom's last song -ere he succumbed to punch, and it was "Widow Malone." His "Ochones" were- irresistible -and laughable, but ho "put the kibosh on it!' by singing with great personality about the widow we all thought so shy, . my evo!" etc. "Till one Misther O'Brien from Clare, how quare! 'Tis little for . blushing they care down there! Put his arm round, her waist, stole ten kisses at laste. And 90s he vou're me Widow Malone, Ochone! Faith ses he you're me Molly Malone," and then the deluge 1 /Tou see Dan *vas really an Ennis man from Clare,- and his honest face clouded as Tom proceeded. "The minute . Tom's mother saw that she dashed across to Tom, and seizing his collar with one hand boxed his ears with the other! Tom went to bed with his boots on that right, and got up with such a spti&ing; headache next morning that he had. togot "a hair of the dog that -bit him" before he could eat a mouthful of breakffwfc. - ~~But in a few months there were three happy homes in Fair Lovedale, and f°U can easily guess .who lived in them. Dan O'Brien sold a slice of bis land to Bryim, who erected thereon a pretty.home ior his darling -Mary. Tom took Ellen OiVf son to. the Tpme, where his mother qwd to reign, ..while the widow .becanb& proud Mrs. . O'Brien-, and, niled -. Xlatherine Byan vit^.a rod of -iron in nuuiy ^y*. But that Catherine must -have liked it on? may conclude ; from the fact that she was a perfecb slare.to a;lit!>lf chap called "Danny. O'Brien, who . -was the light-of his mother's eyes ^md the darling of his proud father's. heart. My story is finished,, and I Irish to all who read it in the pages of our "Advocate" the merriest of.-all Christmasea and the happiest of New Years. CHAPTER II. So Brian decided he WoUld not journey further on the jwAh of education, mucu u> liia parental disappointment, and aft«r vacation Gerald; Blake .wont back to Melbourne to continue Ida studies at tlic {Tnivcrsity without him. Briftn somcliines felt sorry for his decision, especially when "Patsy was totm^ng—as she frequently was—and boeaqae Gerald „t nil examinntiottB camc off with honour. And when Gerald at last camc home after taking his B.A, degree, and all the. .neighbourhood expressed its pride of him, Brian felt sore and slightly jealous. Anyway, some restraint grew up .^between them, and there was none of the old*heartiness iu their intercourse. Gerald had got quieter than ever, and instead of joining in all the local amusements, as Briau did, he found his greatest pleasure in sauntering along the edge^of Doran's Cliff reading, or just walking frith his aijnB btjliind his baok and looking-at the ocean of waters ctretchcd out beneath him. Close to Gerald's favourite walk ran a path which served as a short cut to O'Neills, and as Brian. ,was proceeding along it rather late one night shortly after Christmas, his ears were suddenly rrreetcd with the sound of angry voices close to the brow of the cliff, fie halted but the voices ceased at once, and as he'stood listening he heard a noise as of a struggle, followed by what seemed a cry of horror, and a rushing of hasty f(jet—then intense silence. Greatly mystified, he stood' listening intently for some further sound, wondering what it meant, and if anyone had fallen over the cliff, uncertain what to do. But he could not sec a yard before liim, for though there was a thin moon, it was obscured by dark" clouds just then, so, after hesitating for some time, he started for. home again. He had not gone far when he thought lie heard a footstep, and called out "Who's there.?" No one answered, and he was feeling his wits were wandering, and that all the sounds were only fancies, when the moon shone out unexpectedly, and lie saw within a few paces of him—Gerald Blake! . 1 ,, "What on earth is the matter, OcraldP"'4ic asked irritably. "Matter?" repeated Gerald. "What do vou mcanP" • " "I thought I heard the sound of a scuffle," answered Brian, "someone running away, and a cry of terror, it seemcd, and now I sec yon." "Well; I'm not naming away from anyone," said Gerald, speaking in his usual voice. "But it is late," he added abruptly. "Good night 1" Before Brian could speak again he had passed on, and there was no sound but the soughing "of the wind in the trees, and the lap-lap of the surf on the beach below. So, more piwled than ever Brian walked on. Once as he went around the bend he advanced as close to the edge as he dared, and looked back, and he almost thought there was a glimmer as of a lantern half iyay down Doran's Cliff—seen for a moment as if it evaded ttfs owner's efforts at hiding its h^Pshaw! I must be half silly tonight," he muttered wratbfully. "A\ho could olimb down Doran's Chff '-cKcept Gerald, wfc» he *as a boy, he added. "I doubt if be could do it now, especially at night-time." , , He tried to forget the mcidcntB, but (hev kept recurring to hjs mind, and spoilt few night's rest. Next morning he woke late, and found the family assembled at breakfast when he appeared. They were all talking in hushed voices as he enteited the room, and their faccs wore an expression of amazed horroc. "What is wrong ?" he asked, suddenly recalling the previous night's occurrences. which he had partly forgotten. "Arc you. all going to a funeral, that you look i so solemn t" - . His mother answered bioi- "You have guessed right, Brian, unfortunately, she said . sorrowfully. "Young Ned O'Grady was picked up on the beach under Doran's Cliff this morning—dead.' Brian thought he understood it all, but loyalty to his old friendship for Gerald Blake effectually sealed bis lips, and he said nothing of the eventB of the past night. , "How did it happen ?" he asked, speaking as easily as he could. "Did he fall over?" "At first it was thought so," said his father, "but his,face was black and bruised, and the doctor- declares it is from a blow, not the effects of a fall, so foul play is- suspected." During the following days Warranga was greatly excited about the tragedy. An inqtiest was held, but no evidence was elicited to: clear up the mystery. It was ^royed that the deceased left the township, perfectly sober, at dusk, but where be. went or what. he did afterwards no onqkneW'; and, though he was a bullying .sort .of fellow who liked his own way; he~faad.no enemies, so ,far as his friends were aware, so an; open verdict was letuxnfed, and the corpse ^was left to the *elatioAB to. be waked and. buried. Brian'O'Neill went to the funeral with fci8 fathex; 4uad his sunrise was extreme wltpn he 4&W; Gejald Blake there. Torn by,sfeis thoughtsarid suspicions, he had purpqaelyvstajfed bt hotne^ during the pint days to avoid meeting Geii&I;, and now when he saw him among tie mourners, looking as calm and «lf-contained as ever, all his black doubts seemed to take shape; hitherto he only suspected, feared Gerald's guilt; now,- in the -fine of his callousneas, he" felt sun: of it, and his heart grew hot with anger. As the vehicles followed each other in line towards the cemetery, Brian resolved how he would act. After the dead man was duly buried, he asked liie father to drive home with Blake, as he wished to have a tali with Gerald, and the latter made no objection to going back with him., "Look here, Gerald," began Brian, sternly," I have not slept a wink during the past three nights on account of you. You must tell me what you were doing on Doran's Cliff that night." Gerald's face grew deathly pale, but his lips settled as firmly as Brian's own. "And if I refuse to?" he said. Brian's face grew dark with passion. "Then it will be my duty to proved further. I do not wish to turn on one who wds a friend, and if you confide in me I may find some extenuating circumstance. Why, I would be a criminal if I held my peace, knowing what I do know," Gerald smiled bitterly. "Do you really believe I pushed Ned 0'Grady over the cliff?" he asked incredulously. "I do, if you ask me straight out," declared Brian. "And when I saw those poor people sorrowing over that unfortunate victim and looked at you, so contented with yourself, I felt my blood boil at such an ontrage on justice and decency. If you have any excuse to offer, any palliation, I am willing to hear it, otherwise—." "Well?" "I must take further measures," he retorted hotly. "I can't let you still pursue the even tenor of your way, in close friendship with members of my own family—with—with Norrio." "You feau,.that Norrie lores mc?" said Gerald sadly. "Well, if it is any relief to you, let mc tell you I will never marry Norrie, or any other womau. But to all your threatening I cau only return one answer: I have nothing to say. Do yourworst." fn^Sifyes biased in outraged vanity ichjiKanything else. That his lifepuld not trust him suffibiiu the rights of the to ease, y<i.t fflrtflcntl \pccted lniu to hold his i occurrence was exasper- 1 are determined to pcrncc?" he said more Vating.^jSo Vist- in '{$ur * ' .<J? Gerald gravely. "I Anything about the niat- 'believe what you like." Had his face or voiac expressed contrition Brian might have been softened, and sympathised with him, but neither did, and Brian lost patience with his equanimity. "I can't let this thing go on," he said firmly, "I would feel a murderer myself if I did. I will only agree to keep silencc under one condition; that you leave Warranga and promise to never return." Gerald looked at him in sorrowful astouishment tor a few moments, -then reading the pitiless sternness written on his face, covered - his face and groaned. "Mv God!" he muttered, "how hard you are!—how cruel!—for one so young. Oh, Brian, pray that the day will never come when you may weep tears of bitter anguish for what you arc doing now." "Ob, don't preach!" cried Briau, impatiently, Bccing the last lingering sparks of his past friendship disappearing. "Take my offer or leave it." "I must take it," answered Gerald; "circumstances compel mc to." "There is one person I must except," said Brian; "I must tell Patsy." '•Why?" "Well," rather shamefacedly, "I love Patsy—but—But—oh—I could not think of marrying her now." Gerald Blake's face grew colder and harder, and seemed to almost express contempt. "You will visit your suspicions of mc on Patsy's innocent head? Well, so be it—it. is better so. Aud she will keep silencc; even if she thinks mc guilty." , ^ So Gerald went away, and Brian kndw lie would never come back; and in the reaction he sometimes felt in his heart that he had been too harsh, aud had condemned his best friend ou too slight grounds. Yet his obstinacy would not allow him to acknowledge it; and much as he loved Patsy, and he did lo\<o her deeply, he felt he could never think of marrying her, believing her brother guilty. So a week after Gerald's departure he went to Blake's for the last time, to have an explanation' with her. '1b it Patsy you're wanting?" said old Hannah, a foster-sister of Miss Blake's, who had followed the family from Ireland and made herself a fixture. "Sure the girleen is down in the haggart, up in a palm tree out of the sun, the one wid the greengages. She's a real -tomboy is Patsy, and 'II climb -trees till she's ninety, I believe;" Brian thanked her and turned away, and Hannah stood shading her eyes and looking at liim." ^"What's come to the boy ^t all?" she woi.dered. "He was full of fun aid -joliment^i small time agoy and now he. looks as viserable as a cow that's lost her calf,. ItNpust be tMt sly Patsy that's toblame." Patsy herselfwas cool and comfortable np among ttte Irtftghs, and when Brian passed under in feearch of her,- she dropped a greengage into the dented crown of his hat to let him know where die was. Instead of" smiling Up at her in his usual way, Brian looked dark and gloomy. "Come down, Patsy," he said, seriously, "I want to speak to yon." Patsy was eating -a greengage, and swallowed the bite before she answered. "Go ahead," 6ho said, wiping her mouth Slowly, and enjoying his impatience. "It's a matter of importance," he said. "A secret; I can't bellow it ail over the country." But Patsy was in a particularly teasing mood. "Then come up here," she smiled, fixing her teeth in another greengage, and patting the bough beside her. "There's room enough for two, and like your namesake—Brian O'Flynn's unmentionables—it's pleasant and cool." Brian was rapidly losing his temper. Patsy's fun always amused him hitherto, but in his present fnune of mind he had no sense of humour. "Come down, Patsy," he Commanded sternly. "It is a matter of life and death." And Patsy, seeing he was really iu earnest-, swung herself off her branch and dropped lightly on the ground beside him. "Now, Mr. Sobersides," she said, "what's wrong Y" "Vvhat I am going to tell you will give you pain," he began slowly and sorrowfully, then halted abruptly, unable to continue. Patsy's blue eyes were tilled with puzzlement. "Do you know, Brian," she said at last. "1 really believe you and Gerald got bitten by a mad -dog lately— the same dog—for you've both got the same melancholy kind of madness. Here's Gerald writes this morning and tells us he's thinking of becoming a missionary, of all things, to convert the heathen in Timbuctoo or Kamschatka, and here's you bowed down with the same mysterious weight of woe. Tell me all about it, and I'll find that dog, and shoot him, then both of yoji will have your scents and raisins, as Hannah calls them, again." "It's about Gerald I came," he said, taking advantage of the opening, and then he told her. At first all the joy went out of Palsy's face, aud her eyes opened wide in horror aud amazement, as she listened, but she soon recovered herself, aud as Brian finished she looked scornfully a 4 him. "And did you believe he did thi6 thing ?" she asked. "Of course," he 6aid, nettled at the glance she gave him. "Then you're an idiot, Brian," she said, shortly. "There is not the slightest doubt of his guilt," he declared emphatically. "1 am as sure as if I saw him do it." Patsy's eyes flamed and flashed in her indignation. "God forgive you those wonts, Brian," she said passionately, "for I never canf "But if he were innocent why did he acccdo to my terms? Why didn't he stay aud bear the brunt of it?" Her face failed again and her eyes filled with tears. "I wish I knew," she murmured brokenly, more to herself than to him, "to shield sotme one, perhaps, lie had some good reason—my poor Gerald 1" Brian lost patience with her. "You are foolish, Patsy, l'our love blinds your judgment." Patsy had hot blood in her veins, and now she turned on him like a tigress. "It would be more creditable to you if you were foolish, too!" she burst out. "You who knew him all his life to believe this shameful thing of him! to drive him from his home and friends! I despise and detest you, Brian, and I'm ashamed of having considered you my friend; sorry I ever liked you! But you really do not believe it. You say you do bccausc you arc envious of him; envious of his brains—his success!" Brinu's brow grew dark as night, and he drew himself up with dignity. "Don't say anymore, Patsy," he said, stiffly; "I camc to say good-bye to you. I will not come in your way again " But her wild words had struck home; and for the firet time he felt ashamed and doubtful, because the reproach was justified. He felt envious and jealous of Gerald. CHAPTER III. During the following years several changes came to the O'Neills. Brian hated Warrauga when he was no longer friendly wHib Patsy, so he went to Melbourne and took a situation in a mercantile house. He did not, however, feel happy or contented, and when gold broke out in Western Australia he was one of the first to try his luck there. About this time, too, Bernard O'Neill got drowned in the Warranga River while fishing, and Norrie, iu grief at his loss, it is said, resolved on becoming a Kittle Sister of the Poor. So the old couple were left alone at the end of their days. As for the Blakes, Patsy was stall singleand living at homo, but what had become of Gerald, few outside liis own family seemed to know. •Brian O'Neill did not make his fortune in the West; and at length he near- ly lost his lite. He and a mate were tramping through the desert on their way to a new rush, when they lost their way, and were, attacked by hostile blacks. His mate was killed, but he escaped, although badly wounded, and aa he did not know where he was he almost envied his mate's fate as he reviewed the position. The blades had disappeared. All around him he could see nothing but thick, tussocky spinifex, with an- occasional dump of mulga; above him nothing but the brazen, pitiless Bky. His dead mate lay near him, and even as he looked the rushing ants were crowding ovet the body ready for their meal. Briau, in horror and disgust., beat them away several times, but they swarmed back again iu greater numbers, and onable to bear the sight, he dragged himself a few yards further on. Ail through the long day and night Brian lay in misery, and it seemed an eternity till another day dawned. At times his mind wandered, and during the second day it seemed as if it were doing so, or that he was dreaming, for sudaeuly opening his eyes, he saw two persons approaching him, with two mules, and one of them might have stepped out from a mediaeval picture. He was a thin but old man, with black eyes, skin brown as a nut, wrinkled and weatherbeaten, and dry as parchment, and he was clothed in a long cassock like a monastic habit, with a rosary hanging by his side, while his dark face was sheltered by a wide sombrero. "My poor fellow," he said pityingly, speaking with a decideuly loreign accent, kneeling down beside Briau. n We found you in time." He called his companion, who, although-a native, was not evidently, a savage, aud pouring ont some water Irom a bag the latter carried, aud mingling a little wine lrom a flask with it, he held it to Brian's lips. Brian was terribly thirsty and swallowed it with avidity, and the monk—for such he seemed—smiled. "Ah! that's better, eh? And now, my son, you must come home with Goonbaroo and me. \Ve are on our way, and you need care." Brian sighed iu intense relief, then aa they lifted him on to one of the mules he just dropped into unconsciousness, and though they travelled for a couple of days before they reached their destination he knew nothing of it. When his senses came back to him he found himself in a small, cave-like room. He thought he was in a hospital at first, but a crucifix was hanging on the wall, and a deep-toned bell was sounding in the distance; so remembering his rescuers, he decided he must be iu Gome part of a church. And just as Brian was thinking of him the same old man entered. "Better, my son?" he asked, gently, his eyes softening in sympathy. "Yes, thanks to you, father," answered Brian, gratefully. "But where am IF" The blind of the window was down, and without a word, but with a smile lighting up his dark face, the old monk pulled it tip, and Brian rubbed his eyes as he looked forth. Before him was a bit of picturesque garden, then the little church where the bell was still ringing, and surrounding it were rows of streets and dwellings all laid ojut • in order; while far away up the surrounding ri. ses the land was cultivated and blooming, a veritable garden in the midst of the waste. The good father smiled gleefully' at Brian's astonishment-, his expressive eyes twinkling and blinking. "I suppose you have heard of New Norcia ?" he asked. Brian vaguely remembered having read something about the celebrated Benedictine monastery, and nodded his head. "Well, this is New Norcia, and I am tho founder. When we came here it was all a desert, a wilderness, and our dear children the wildest of savages, and now—" "Wonderful!" murmured Brian, looking with renewed interest at the strange old man, and thinking how paltry and ignoble his own life was in comparison with such a one as Bishop Sab-ado's. "Yes, it is wonderful," repeated tho Bishop. "But," hiB voice becoming subdued and reverent, "the good God helped—all thanks be to Him!" Under the care of a lay brother who was skilled in surgery, Brian rapidly recovered, Bishop Salvauo visited him aa often as his multitudinous duties would permit, and the good fathers and brothers frequently camc to' while away an hour for him; and the particular brother who had charge of the refectory iox. pended his art in cooking him the daintiest of dishes. On Christmas Day Brian decided he was strong enough to attend High Mass, for which the mission had been mnfr»np great preparations. Goonbaroo - helped * him across the courtyard of the monastery and into the church, providing him with a seat near the door, so that he could leave if he got weary; and Brian looked around him with interest at the dark-hued worshippers. And then the service began, ana the music of the native string band and the voices of the choir swelled out. • ' , JAko most people of Irish blood. Brian was strangely susceptible to sweet melody, and he had' heard no goodmnaie for a long time, so now as the well* trained ^hoir sang Mozart's Grand Mass, the soft, pathetic native voices mingling harmoniously with the liquid Spanish tongues of most of the religious, he felt strongly moved. As the. triumphant notes of the magnificent "Gloria" rang out joyously, his heart seemed to soften and expand, and fountains of long-forgotten piety and recollection welled up in him. He was a boy again, serving Mass for old Fr. Doyle in Warranga; the old church filled with worshippers; the old harmonium jingling out the music under Patsy Blake's girlish fihgers. But when two lay brothers who had voices stood up and sang the "Adfiste Fidelia," with the' full band accompanying them, and the choir joining in the reffain; sang the' grand old Christmas hymn as Bnan had never heard it sung before, he was utterly overcome; liis firm lips trembled, iiis eyes filled with foolish, boyish tears, for he was still weak from his illness. All through the Mass he sat with his head in his hands thinking unusual thoughts, feeling again some of the drtams and aspirations of his boyhood. And when the sen-ice ended, and Brian looked up as the fathers came down the aisle two and two, jhe suddenly felt his heart gi\fe a mad, wild throb, then stop beating for a moment, for beside a dark-faced Spanish monk, clad in the Benedictine habit, with his rosary hanging by his side, liis tonsured head slightly bent, his eyes fixed meditatively on the ground, walked Gerald Blake! And as Brian looked at Gerald's noble face, so' stern and steadfast, so serenely happy, so blissfully content, swift and bright as a flash of lightning the revelation came—he had been wrong in his suspicions. Gerald was innocent, and he had misjudged him! Ev&iy; lingering, black doubt vanished, and his heart turned sick in shame and horror of what he had done. What a martyrdom Gerald must have suffered! Wrongfully; accused by his best friend; banished from his home and family! And yet he had triumphed. That" one quick look of his eyes had told Brian so. The mouth had softened into greater sweetness; the brow had taken greater benignity. He had the expression of the true religious, who has found his real vocation, of one who no longer feels the mighty snags of passion dragging him down towards tne depths; is no longer subject to the powerful swayings of earthly love; who is purified from all earthly "dross; elevated above all human frailty. His face reminded Brian of one he saw in the Melbourne Picture Gallery years before. It was only one amongst a crowd—a divine, peace and radiance on that pictured countenance clung to the memory. At some period of our lives, under the tempestuous fury of strange and unusual emotion, nature entirely sweeps away barriers convention has so carefully raised about our inner consciousness, our hidden souls; and obeying her irresistible dictates, we act as if we were heedless of censure, careless of criticism —as children of nature. Some such powerful feeling took possession of Brian. He forgot where he was, he was drown out of himself, wrenched away from fife old anchors of pride and self-confidence. He only knew that the man he had grossly injured was dose to him, lie only felt he must reccive his instant pardon. Impelled by this overwhelming internal force, as the little band of priests drew near, ferian suddenly advanced, and dropping on his knees beside Gerald, he caught his habit in an appealing grasp. ''Oh! Gerald—Father!" he cried, his voice broken, his eyes downcast in his deep humility—"Forgive me! I did not know. I was a fool—a madman! I understand now how grievously I wronged youF' At a sign from the Bishop the procession pawed on, leaving Brian and Gerald together. The latter, of course, knew of Brian's arrival, but had kept out of his way 60 as not to disturb him till he was fully recovered. Now Gerald bent down and raised him from' the ground. "I know, Brian, I know," he said gtently in a voice of infinite pity and tenderness; "you acted as you thought best. I never blamed you, after the first. Come, you are weak still—lean on me." And leaning on Gerald's arm Brian passed through the church door, and faced the bright Christmas sunlight ; all his old obstinacy and pride crushed out of him lor ever. "An explanation is due to you," said Gerald that evening, after leaving vespers, as he and Brian sat together in the tatter's little room. "And.as the real culprit is beyond human authority, I can safely givt it. The one who caused Ned CCGrady's death was Bernard." Brian's face turned ghastly. "Bernard!" he gasped, in profoundest amazement. His young brother, who he thought died innocent as a babv! 'It is a long story," continued* Gerald, reflectively; "but I will condense it as much as possible. -1 went to see your Norrie that night, and die came Back part of theway with me to meet Barney, who waslater than usual. She carried a lantern, "but did not light it because I .laughed at her. We metBarney, but he was rushing towards us .wild with fright. In an awful whispw'Le told us lie hod pushed Ned Over Doran'c Cliff, and hemust have known you were near,, because he piteouely begged us not to. tell yon.: Just then we heard- you approaching. Barney pulled Norrie behind a bush, but I did not hide, and the moon came out, , and you . saw .me, and naturally wondered. After you-*rgre gone I descended the cliff with Norrie's lantern to see if there was any life in O'Grady. But he was beyond linman aid. Then Barney explained. how the tragedy occurred. Young Ned was«always tormenting'him, making his .life a misery, by saying he had no spirit, and was. more a girl than, a boy. He followed him homo teasing him, till Bernard, driven to desperation by his taunts, turned on him in unexpected fury, and gave him a violent blow on the face with your father's blackthorn, which he happened to be carrying. This made Ned wild, and they elosed toge- ther. It would have gone hard with Barney, but in their struggles they got close to the edge of the cliff, and feeling his adversary was getting too strong for him, Bernard gave him a sudden shove. He. struggled, and cried out in his horror, then went over. Norrie and I urged Barney to confess; it might be called an accident, or manslaughter, at worst, but he was terror stricken at the idea, so we had, to hold our peace. The occurrence broke Norrie's heart, and seeing how weak JBaSney really was, she resolved to dedicate her life to him and never marry. Now, you see why I could not explain anything to you?' Brian covered his face and groaned. How blind he had been; how foolish. "I often thought you should have been told," concluded Gerald dreamily, "but Norrie never guessed you suspected me. It would have saved Jou and Patsy much sorrow. V At his words a sudden rush of loving tenderness and longing went through Brian's heart. Charming, lovable, warmhearted Patsy! Would she ever forgive him ? And when, he left the monastery to take the management of a Coolgardie mine, which Bishop Salvado's influence had secured for him, a tantalising vision of Patsy, as he saw her on their last memorable interview, sitting among the green boughs of the plum tree,, often passed through his mind. All through the year he worked steadily, but to-, wards. Christmas his longing to see her grew in intensity, a«d at. last proved unendurable, so he decided to pay a visit to Victoria, to Warranga. . Exemption would be in force, the mines shut-down, and no business doing, so he could easily go. On Christmas Eve he reached home, much to his parents' surprise and pleasure, for they did not know he was coming. After he had a bath and changed his clothes he started off along the famiiar path towards Blake's. Patsy was itting under the same old tree, pluck- ing the Christmas goose, and on seeing him she dropped the bird in her. amazement, and could not utter a word. All the old sternness and harshness had gone out of his face, and his eyes were filled with a tender yearning. Patsy too., had changed, and grown more like Gerald, her bright colour having slightly faded, and much of her old merriment departed. The sight of her pale face and subdued eyes cut him like a kriife. "I behaved horribly to you, Patsy " he said, speaking sorrowfully and humbly, • and I did a great wrong tft Gerald but he has granted me his forgiveness! and now I have come back to bee 6 yours." And then he told her of his strange meeting with Gerald in the far western monastery, liis voice halting and broken as he recalled it. As Patsy listened her fa«! grew paler, and her eyes tearful. Brians behaviour had nearly broken her heart, but she loved him, and what woman could be hard to the man she loves? When he finished the recital still standing before her with downcast head, Patsy, instead of uttering any words of reproach, as he expected, covered her face with her apron and cried quietly. . ' 1 ? ria , n , si & hed deeply and despairingly. EL'I v^f a V Ler - , How ^ £™thate lum? Yet he lingered, feeling he would give anything for the right to comfort ner. But his crime was too great for forgiveness—he must bear his bitter load ii e ? dl It ,T as hanJ > though, After all this long, blank—separation to leave without a word from her, without hearsay she forgave him! So he hesitatingly sat down on the bench beside her, and, half fearfully, took her disengaged hand. He expected die would draw it away swiftly and inaignantiy, but she did not, and it remained in hw clasp. This emboldened him, and he-sndke again. "Oh Patsy, my darling?^ dading! Won't you say youZ&gwi; mer But Patsy did not answer, thoneh her sobs gradually grew less. And suddenly a delicious hope bfega n to throb in his he a *- was never cruel. She woidd not act .thus if she still felt anser against hinvif she did not care a little for lma. He bent bis head and, rais. nig her hand-to his lips, ki»ed it nas- "Oh, Patty.,. my helmS* he said. "Look up, dearest. Let me yonr tape! Speak to me, darling! Ton are the only woman I ever loved; or ever will love. Don't be tea Jiaidpn HIO. - ' . " /,.. - . ^ • • r •. " \- Her weeping had. entirely ceased. He gently drew away , the sheltering apron, and Patsy's face, expressing thinglea joy and sorrow, with smiles and tears on it, looked up at him- . aad~jMisfied him. "Darling!" he cried in lapturc. "My angel 1" ... . 7 A shadow of her old mocking mischief dawned in Patsy's eyes. . It was something new to be called an angel! "You have improved wonderfully, Brian," she said demurely, "andseem^to have lost a lot of your old impuden'ce. And it isn't like you . td kiss a gin's hand—when her lips are av&ilablo.;" 