About Americanism. Full Text of the Pope's Famous Letter to Cardinal Gibbons. OTIOSE OF A GREAT CONTROVERSY. To Ou» ..BiOLOvBD Son Jamks Gidbonb, ? Cardinal of '.who 'Iitlm ov St. Maby in ' TiiABTJavraM, ' Pkhost' ov tub Holy Roman' Ohubok, and Abohbishop ov BAI/l'lMOBM, , ' .. ' ' LEO X1IL, POPE. . -' Bhloviod Son, Hmamh and-wih Apos-' ?POLIO BMNIflDId'.l.'rON. Wo send you this letter as a plodgo of Our goodwilVof that good will wliioh through .,,?? out the long ciout'so of Our Pontifiaate Wo :'r' havo never ceased, to profess towards you and your oolloagueB in the Episcopate, and ? j the whole pooplo of America, gladly solving every opportunity to do so, whether for the happy inoronse in your Ohuroh, or for the ' things which you have usefully and rightly done to defend and spread Catholic interests, .Indeed, we often havo oooiiBion to behold and admire in your peoplo a noblo dis position, awake to all great cantos, and i eager to pursue whatever benefits humanity ( and tho splendour of the State. And although this letter does not aim at oon« firming praises often given at other tlmoB, but rather at pointing out certain things to , ? bo '. guarded against and oorrootocl j still, , since It is written in tho same ApoBtolia ?,-?' affection as Wo havo alwayB shown towards , you in deed, and often In -word, Wo rightly expect that you will regard this, Hkowjse as a pledge of Out1 lovo ; and that you will s,o rogarcf it ?we are tho moi'o oonfldont because it is ndaptod und Intondod to set at rest certain aontontions whioh, lutoly having ! arisen among you, disturb the minds, not of all, but oertainly of many, with no small peril to peace, . ? Thm hum ov Fathhb Hmiura, ??' You know well, beloved son, that the book, 'The Life of Isaac Thomas Hooker,' especially through those who undertook to publish or. expound it in a foreign tongue, has exoited considerable controversy on aaoount of certain opinions introduced re garcjing tho methods of Christian conduct in life, And bo Wo, in order, aB 1b our supremo Apostolto duty; to watah over the integrity', of the Faith and guar.d the safety of the faithful, will to write to you more at large on the whole matter, Now, this is almost the very basis of the now opinions of whioh wo ' have spokou-— that, tho more easily to bring' dissentients to Catholic faith, the Ohuroh should oome olosor up to tho oiviliBation of an advanoed age, ana, by relaxing her auoloufc severity, should be more Indulgent to the modern wishes and thoughts' of the pooplo, And there are many who think that this is to,bo understood not only of matters of discipline, but of doctrine, in which is aontalned tho ' deposit of Faith,' -For they contend that it Is opportune, in order to 'win the wills of -the diHBontlonts, that oortain dootrlnoa, as being of lighter moment, Bhoiild bo omitted or sof toned down, until they no longer boar the same sonse as tho Oh'urah has constantly given them, Ncnv, doar son, it noods few words to Bay how fully reprobated , such irlofiH must bo, if wo only look at tlifl moan ing and the origin of the dootrine whioh the Church hands clown. . i . .; . A Divine- Deposit. The Vatican Council has : ' A doctrine of the Faith, whioh God has revealed, is not proposed as a philosophical speculation to be' elaborated by the human intellect, but, as a Divine deposit, has been given to the Spouse of Christ to be faithfully guard ed and infallibly proclaimed. That Bense of snored dogmas must ever be held which our Holy Mother the Ohuroh has once deolaied, nor may the sense be abandoned under the guise and in the name of. higher in telligence.' Nor is it to bethought that there is no fault to be found with that silence whioh of set purpose passes by certain principles of Catholio dootrine, and as it were hides them under oblivion, For all truths , which are contained in Christian teaohing, there is one and the same Author and Master, ' the only;begotten Son of God, Who is in the bosom of the Father.' And that they are accommodated to every age and to every people is easily gathered from the words of Christ addressed to His Apostles : ' Going, teach all nations ? teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded you ; and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world,'' Wherefore the Vatican Council says : 'With the same Divine and Catholio faith must all those things be believed whioh are contained in the Word' of God, written or handed down, and which are proposed to our belief as having been Divinely revealed, whether by tho solemn judgment of the Churoh or by her Ordinaky and Universal Maoistkrium.' Far be it, therefore, from anyone to take one iota from Divinely revealed doctrine, or under any pretext to pass it over ; for who ever should do suoh things wishes to separate Oatholios from the Ohuroh rather than to bring back those who are alien from her. May all those — and nothing is nearer to Our heart— return who are now wandering far from Christ's Fold ; but 'they -will return by no other way than that whioh Christ, Him- self pointed out. But the discipline which is given to guide the lives of Oatholio men is not of such a nature as to refuse any change, if demanded by differing oiroumstances of time and plaoe. For the Churoh has, given to her by her Author, a mind full of meroy and pity j and so, from her very beginning, she has shown forth willingly what Paul the Apostle professed in his own regard s ' I beoame all things to all men, that I might save all. And the history of all past ages 'is witness that this Apostolio See, to which has been given not only the magisterium but the supreme rule of every Ohuroh, has oon stantly adhered to the same teaohiug, the same senBe, and the same opinion ; but yet has been aooufltomed so to moderate nor rules of discipline that, while safeguarding the Divine Law, she never negleoted the oustoms and, ideas of the various nations within her fold. And now, if the salvation of souls demands it, who can doubt that she would do1 the samo again ? But suoh matters must not be left to be settled by the will of individual men, who are deooived by what seems to bo good ; they must be left to The iTuDCiMMNT ov the Oiiuiiaii j and all men must submit to that' judgment if 'they would escape, the condemnation of Our predecessor Pius VI, He deolared the 78th proposition of the Synod, of Pistoja ?'injurious to the Ohuroh and the Spirit of God Who rules her, Inasmuch as it would submit to examination afresh a discipline deoreed and approved by the Ohuroh ; as if the Churoh oould deoree a discipline whioh was useless, and heavier than Christian liberty oould bear,' But in the, matter on whioh we speak, beloved Son, there is more danger and more hostility to Oatholio dootrine and discipline In the opinion nooordlng to whioh the followers ot' novelties think that a aortain liberty should be introduced into the Ohuroh whereby, having restricted the power and vigilance of authority, the faith hi 1 may bo able to indulge each one his own mind and his own freedom of action, And they con sider, this is necessary to oome up to the example of that, liberty ?which, in quite recent ? times, is almost tho 'law and the basis of every otvil oommunlty. Now, on this point We have already Bpokon at length in the . . Lj5TaM3R on 'MM 'Constitution ov Statios which Wo have given to every Bishop j and Wo showed therein tho difference between, the Ohuroh, whioh is by Divine .right, and all other soaloties, whtoh exist by the free will of men. It is bettor, therefore, to hoto the opinion which is brought forward as an argument to command this liberty - to Oatholicm, ? They say there is no need to bo anxious about the Infallible teaching of the Roman PontHK after the solemn judgment regarding -ft in tho Vatican Oounoilj so that, nowthatitisboyonddanger, there 1b a wider field of thought and aatlon open to.ovoryono, This Is assuredly an absurd stylo of reasoning, 'for it' any argu ment ia to bo derived irom tho Infallible maglstodum of the Ohuroh it aortalnly Is this— that no one should bo willing to depart from it : nay, that all should soolc to bo thoroughly (inbuod and governed by it In order that, they may be the better safe--' guarded, from every private error. More over, those who thus reason completely forsake the wisdom of Divine Providence, which in affirming tho authority and magistorium of the Apostolic See by a judgment of a very solemn kind desired especially to guard the .minds of Catholics more effectually against *-: ? ? Tina Dangers ov the Preshnt- Time. Tho licenoe which is everywhere con founded with liberly ; the passion for talking about and condemning everything ; in fine, the opportunity of iornv'ng all feoi't.H of opinions1 and giving them literary expression, have involved men's minds in suoh pi'ofound darkness that the utility and necessity of the magistorium is, greater now than hereto fore lesc anyone should be drawn away from the dictates of conscience and duty. It is undoubtedly far from Our intention to re ject all that the genius of this time brings forth j nay, it is decidedly a plonsure to us when anything true is secured by research or anything good by exertion in order to increase the inheritance of dootrine and to ' extend the bounds of publio prosperity. But all this oannot exist and thrive, so as to be of solid advantage, if due recognition bet not given to the authority and wisdom of the Church. Gkound i-'ok, Suspicion. It follows that We should come to those matters which are derived as consequences from the opinions We have touohed upon ;. in whioh, if the intention be not evil, as We believe it is not, there will certainly appear to be ground for suspicion. For, first of, all, by those who desire to pursue Christian per feotion all external magisterium is rejected as superfluous and even disadvantageous ;. they say that the Holy Ghost pours larger ana more oopious graces into the souls of the faithful now than in past times and teaches and leads them by a certain hidden instinct without any intermediary. In truth, it savours not a little of temerity to dpfine the measure in whioh God communicates with ,? men j for this depends solely on His will and He is Himself a most free giver of His gifts. 'The Spirit breatheth where Ho will' (John iii1., 8). ' But to every one of us is given grace aocording to the measure, of the giving of Christ ' (Eph., iv., 7), Now, who going baok to the history of Apostles, the Faith of the rising Ohuroh, tho struggles and cruel deaths of the heroic martyrs, and the greater part of the anciont ages most fer» tilo in holy men,' will dare to compare the formor times with the present and to declare that they were favored with a loss abundant effusion of the Holy Spirit ? But, putting these things aside, no one doubts that tho Holy Ghost by a secret descent acts upon the souls of the just and exoites them by suggestions and impulses ; were He not to do this every external aid and magisterium would be in vain. 'If anyone . . . as serts that it is possible to be in acoord with salutary, that is, evangolioal, preaching . without the illumination of tho Holy Ghost, Who gives to all pleasure in accept ing und believing the truth, he is deceived Sy the heretioal spirit '(Cone Araus. II., an. vii). SUCICJESTIONS AND IrIPUI^ES OF THE HOLY Ghost. But, as we know from exporienoe, these suggestions and impulses of tho Holy Ghost are not, for the most part, thoroughly felt. by us without certain assistance and, as it were, preparation on the part of the external magisterium. 'He,' says St. Augustine,, dealing with this point,,' himself produces, the fruit in good trues who waters and. cultivates .them externally through any agent, and of himself gives the Increase internally' (De Grat. Christi, o. xlx,- This, in fact, bolongB to the ordinary law by whioh Divine Providence, having dopreod that men should most commonly be saved, by men, ordained that those who are called to a higher degree of sanctity should bo led to it by men, ' in order,' as Sb. Ohrysostoiu says, ' that wo may learn from God through men' (Horn. I., in Insor. Altar.) Of this a notable example is offered to us In the early history of .the Churoh j for although Saul,, ' breathing out'threateningB aucl slaughter,' had heard the voice of Christ Himself and1. x hart asked Him. 'Lord, what wilt Thou havo mo to do 'r ho was sent to Damascus to Ananias :' Go into the oity, and there* ( it shall bo told thoe what thou .must do,' 'Besides, they, who sook 'greater perfection, from tho very fao't that they enter a path untrltd by most people, are more liable to* / ' ?error, and thorofore need a teacher and / guldo more than others, And: 'this method has always obtained in the Ohuroh j. (his doctrine has boon profoesed by- all. , without exooption who in the aourBo of ages have been eminent for wisdom arid sanotity j, and they who1 reject it do so oertainly with rashness and peril, - '?? The Na'J'ukal and Sui'ebnatuhal VlHTUMS, ?( , / But when orio considers the matter most f closely, oven' nftov every external director has been removed, it is difficult to discover ,. In the opinion of the, Innovators what niayr bo'tho purpose of that more abundant Influx of tho Holy Spirit whioh they so much extol., Undoubtedly thor'o is nBod of the assistance of the Holy Ghost, especially in cultivating the virtues ; but thoy who ' aro fond of adopting novelties give undue prominence to the natural virbu.es, as if they were bettor stitted to the manners and requirements of the present;' age, and it were bettor, to be adorned by .thorn because they make man batter fitted to act and stronger. It is difficult, indeed, to understand how those who are imbued with Christian wisdom ca,n place the natural virtues abovo the super natural and attribute to them greater efficacy and fruitfulness. la nature, then, with the aid of. grace, weaker than if it were left to its own powers? And did tho holy men whom tho Church reverences and pub licly venerates prove themselves weak and incapable in the natural order bbeanse they attained eminence in the Christian virtues ? But, although we may sometimes admire distinguished acts of the natural virtues, how many men are roally strong in the habit of the natural virtues ? All Assailki.) by Passions. For who is there who is not assailed by passions, and oven vehement ones? To con stantly overcome those, aa also to observe the whole law in the order of nature, it is ? necessary that man should receive some Divine assistance. Now, tho apodal aofa to which We have referred above, if closely examined, often have the appearance rather than tho reality of virtue. But let us grant that there aro such ; if one is unwilling 'to run in. vain ' and to forget the eternal happiness for which God in His goodness destines us, of what use are the natural virtues unless tho gift and power of Divine grace bo added? WbII indeod does Augus tine observe : 'Groat powors and a swift' ' oournw, but outside the trnck ' (In Ps. xxxi., 4). For, as by tho aid of grace human nature, which owing to original sin had fallen into imperfection and dishonour, is lifted u^ and is raised and strengthened by a new nobility, so also the virtues which are exercised not by the powers of nature alone, but by the aid of that same grace, booomo fruitful in everlasting happiness and aro more, solid and enduring. ' (l With this opinion concerning the natural virtues completely agrees the other by whioh all the Christian virtues are, as it were, divided into two species — into the passive, as they are termed, and tho aative 5 and ? they add that the former wore bettor suited to past ages, whilst the latter are more in harmony with the present age. 'Virtue,' says St. Thomas, 'denotes a certain per fection of power, but the end of the power is the act, and tho aot of virtue is nothing else than the good use of free will ' (I1,, ii., a. 1). Divine grace undoubtedly concurring if tho act of virtue be supernatural. ? But that tho Christian virtuqs are suited some to one period and others to another can only be helcVby him who has forgotten tho words of the Apostle : ' Whom Ho foreknow Ho also predestinated to bo made conformable to tho image of His Son' (Rom. Viii., 29). Teacher and example of all sanctity is Christ, to Whose rule all 'must fit them selves who earnestly- desire to obtain a place amongst the blessed, Christ Chang ks Not. Christ, however, ohangas/not with the progress of tho ages, but is 'the same yesterday and to- clay and for over' (Hob, 'xiili, 8). This then is meant for men of every ago t ' Learn of Me because I am ' meek and Humble of -heart ' (Matt, xi., 20) ; and at all times Christ presents Himself to us ?'becoming obedient unto death' (Philipp. ii., 8) 5 and the maxim of tho Apostle holds good at evory ago ?: ' Thoy that aro Christ's have oruoifled their flesh/ with tho vioos and .oonouplsoenoes ' (Galat. v. 24), Would that many more now cultivated these virtues ?aa did the holy men of past times, who by j humility, obodienoo, and abnegation wore powerful in word and work to tho groat advantage nob only of religion but of th« ' 'State and civil Hooiety. From tliis attitude, as it wore, of con tempt towards tho evangolioal virtues erroneously onllod passive it naturally fol lowed that .contempt for tho roligious life also should gradually penetrate men's minds, And that this is common amongst tho pro motors of tho now opinions wo gather from some views ( of thoivs with regard to tho vows pronouhaed by roligioua Orders, For , thoy say that such vows are altogethor at variance with tho genius of our ago, lnas« much as thoy limit tho boumds of human ? froodom ; and that thoy aro bottpr adapted for weak thari for strong minds 7 that thoy ?avo not of much benefit tor gaining Christian porffloliion and for tho welfare of human society j nay ratbor, that they Milder' and injure both, But how.falBo Uieso asfortions aro is ovidont from the praatiao and doofci'lno ?of tho Church, which has always, highly approvod of , Tins Rkt/uiioi/s Likk. Nor without l'eason ; for thojr who^with a vocation from God embrace it of their own accord, not being content with the ordinary duties imposed by tho Commandments, but entering on tho observance of the Evangelical Counsels, offer themselves to Christ) as active and willing soldiers. Are A\re to consider this a sign of weak minds? Or useless or harmful for the attainment of perfection of life ? Those who thus bind . themselves, by the wacred obligation of vows ' are so far from having thrown away their liberty, that they enjoy a much fuller and nobler froedom, namely, that freedom ( 'with whioh Christ hath made us free' (Galat. iv., 31). What they add that tho religious life is of little or no assistance to the Church — besides evincing ill-will towards the religious Orders, is an opinion which no one certainly can entertain who has read (:he annals of the Church. Did nob your own United States1 receive from members of tho religious Orders the soeds alike of faith and civilisation ?' To one of whom you lately decreed, distinctly to your credit, that a statue should be publicly raised. And at' the present time how energetio and fruitful is tho service rendered to Catholioity by tho religious Orders, wherever thoy are ! » How many of thorn go to spread tho Gospel in new lands and bo extend the bounds ot civilisation j and this thr.mgh the most eager Heal and Amidst Tirifl Gmatust Dangers. From thorn not loss than from tho other clergy the Christian people have preaohot's of the Word of God and directors of con sciences, youth educators, and, in fine,, the Church examples of all holiness. Nor is there a difference in the praise to be awarded to the religious who load an active life and the praise duo to those who, loving solitudo, give themselves up to prayer ana. ponanoo, How well these have deserved and deserve of hitman society is assuredly known to those whose aro not unaware how m'uoh ' the continual prayer of a just man,' espu oially when it in united with tho. mortifica- tion nf the flobh, avails to appease God and win His favour. If there are some who prefer to combine in a oomniunity without being bound by vows, let thorn have their choice ; this is not a now mode of lifo in the Church, nor is it objootionable, They must take care, how ever, not to maintain that it is superior to the roligious Orders 5 for, as men are now more given to the enjoyment of pleasures than formerly, they rather arc to be esteemed far more highly, who, having abandoned everything, have followed Christ. Lastly, not to dwell too long on tho sub ject, it is proclaimed that the manner and method which Oatholios have hitherto adopted to bring baok»diasidenls to tho Fold must bo given up and another oourse pur sued for the future, In this matter, beloved Son, it is sufficient to point out that it is not Avise to despise what antiquity, with long experience and guided , by Apostolic exam ples, approved or, Wo have it from the Word of God (Bcol. xvii.. 4) that it is tho duty of all to tako pains to help in the salvation nf their neighbours according bo tho order and position in whioh each one is placed. The faithful will most usefully disohargo this duty which God has imposed upon thorn by purity of morals, by works of Christian, olmrity, and.by fervent and oonsbant prayer to God. ? Thm CoN.nuo'11 ov Tim Oliskciy. But tha members of the clergy should per form it by prudent preaching of tho Gospel, by tho solemnity and splendour of sacred ceremonies, and abovo all by exhibiting in their lives the teaching whioh tho Apostlo imparted to Titus ana, Timothy. And, if amongst tho various formn of proaohing the Word of God, that appears to bo something preferable in whioh dissidents aro addroHsoa not in churches bub in any suitable private place, and not in disputation, but in friendly conference, the method is not to bo reproved, provided, howover, that this duty be en trusted by the authority of the' Bishops to those who have previously proved their knowledge and integrity to thorn. For Wo think there are a groat many in your countryl who differ from Catholics through ignorance' rather than of set purpose ; and bheae he, perhaps, will more oisily lead to tho One Fold of Christ who shall lay the truth before them in friendly avid familiar diRcourso. , From what We have so far laid down, it is clear, beloved Son, that we cannot ap prove of those opinions which some designate collectively by the name of 'Americanism.' Ambhtcan Laws and Customs not i condkmnkd. If indeed by this name they wish to des cribe tho speoial distinctions whioh adorn the American peoples, just as other nations are adorned by other attributes, or if by it is meant tho condition of your States or the laws and customs you observe, there is un questionably no reason why We should hold that it ought to be rejected. But if it is to be employed not merely, fro indicate but to commend the above mentioned doctrines, what doubt is there that Our venerable brethren the. Bishops of America will bo fee most in repudiating and condemning them as mostly highly injuiious to themsolvosand to all their people? For this arouses the . suspicion that there are those amongst ybii ?'', who contemplate and desire a Church in America different from that which exists in every country, Tho Church is one in unity of doctrine as in unity of government, and it is Catholic, and since God ordained that its centre and foundation should be in the chair oE Blessed Petor, it is rightly called Roman,, for u where Peter is, there is the Church' (Ambr. in Ps. xi. , 57). (WheroEore whoever wishes to be called a Catholio ought with. Rincerity to adopt the words of. Jerome to Pope Damasous : 'I, following no one be- , fore Christ, unite myself with your Holiness,, that is, with the Chair of Poter 5 I know that upon that rock is built the Churoh. j he ' who gathers' inb wibh you scattoroth.' ,. These thing*, beloved Son, which We write to you as a duty of Our office, We ! shall take care to communicate also to. the other Bishops of tho United States, : ohoe more attesting, the affection in which We embrace all your peoplo, who, having done much for religion in tho past, promise to do still more in the future, with God's gracious assistance. To you and to all the faithful of America, as an augury of Divine favours, ? We lovingly impart the Apostolio Bonedio- . tion. Given at St. Peter's, Rome, on the 22nd January, 1890, the 21.st year of our Pontifi cate. ' LKO XIII., POPE. 