Sugar Under Federation. In Reply to George C. Craig. During tho recent Federal ciunpiiign wo endeavored to .supply our reudor.s with tho fullest information obtainable as to tho probablo ofFcct of Federation upon thestaplo iudiiHtry of this district. Wo did uot attempt to dictato to tho electors how they should vote, but wo deemed it our duty to give thorn tho fullest warning as to the danger tlmt tho Hiigr.r in dustry would bo placed in should tho Bill bo adopted by this colony aud subsequently by Queensland. If tho electors of this district, awnru that Federation would injure the industry, chooso to sacrifice tho latter for tho attainment of tho former, no ouo has a .right to question their ehoi'tc; But no such tolerance can bo claimed for public men or for newspapers that withhold important information from the public and endeavored to influence their votes in a certain direc tion by misrepresentation. Of tho 13 newspapers in tho sugar-jjrowmg districts, the Advocate was tho only one which put tho circumstances of tho sugar industry in relation to Federation elearly aud boldljr before its render:--. 'Cheribon' in the Tweed IIkram), and Mr J. Martin in several district papers also published tho facts of tho situation, but these outside writers woro not supported editorially. The columns of tho district papers were flooded by editorial and contributed matter with tho object of making tho sugar growers boliovo that Federation would improve their position. Tho arguments of these writers were confined to theories about customs and excise, aud how Federa tion was going to jjivo us State mills and burst up the C. S. R. Go's monopoly. They all carefully avoided the real crux of the question — over produc tion iu Queensland. There woro many such absurd writors, und probably tho most absurd of the lot was Mr, Gr. C. Craig, iu the Examineu, whose unifies have beon a source of considerable amusement to practieul sugar-growers. On moro than ono occasion prior to tho referendum wo drew attention in our columns to tho absurdity of some of the arguments used by Mr.' Craig and other writers in tho Exajerjeii, but without any direct ref erence cither to the paper or the writer. In last issuo of our contemporary, Mr. Craig uses a column and a half to quoto somo of our comments iu rofcr enco to tho sugar industry under Federation, and to make a feeble attempt to controvert them We may state, before going any further, that tho only threo writers who placed tho facts of tho case before tho people in tho recont campaign — Mr, Martin, 'Cher- ibon' and onrsolves — havo Lad practical experience in tho sugar industry and aro acquainted with its details, while many other writers on tho subject — and- prominent speakers too — were so obviously ig norant of these details as to excite tho ridicule of all practical sugar growers. We do not know what practical experience Mr. Craig may have had, but our readers may judgo of its value from a calculation made by him as to the returns from a caue crop under Federation, in which he calculated nearly as large a tonnago of canotops as' of cane, and put down the value of the tops at _2s per ton. Having thus cleared the ground, wo will give a quotation from Mr. Craig's i latest. Ho says :— 'Whon I suggested as a makeshift for 12 months, until tho new Central mills wore up, that rather than the planters soil thoir cane for os or Gs por ton to the C.S R, Co., it would bo bettor to cut it, with other hay, and- use for cow, pig, and cross-bred storo sheep feeding.' That passago speaks for itself — aud for Mr. Craig's experience. Further along in his letter wo find another passage which is not quite clear. In fact it is very mixed. Wo do not understand it,and wo do not suppose our readers will, but we put it in, hoping that Mr. Craig- may be able to explain it : — 'A curious argument is going on in tho Clarence ?Advocate. They may bo termed scarecrow argu ments, mixed with all tho craven fears of Popper's Ghost and the Anti-billites. Some Billites go about stating that Federation will bring about the 'hist day'about happy Christmas time, and that it is no more use planting or crushing, I had a higher opinion of the Advocate than indulging in such tear about'the .'.withdrawal of £90,000 from tho Clarence, a fearful supposition, .wliioli lias no foundation in fact.' '' '? -Mr. Craig then proceeds to make some remarks about a 'local residoht.' This part of tho article, as far as we can gather, rofers to our roport of an interview between a local resident and the Premier at Maclean, in which tho former corrected tho latter with regard to tho relative prices of cane in Now South Wales and Queensland. Ho says farmers in Queensland got more money for thoir cane than those of this colony. Mr. Craig is so incoherent that we cannot say if he means it, but it is not correct in any case. Further on, ho says ho proved to the readers of the ExAiiiNEn that iu tbo event of over- production 'the export market to London is a profitable market for .Australian augurs, even in the face of tho free import of bounty-fed beet sugars. I may bo contra dieted by the Advocate, who does not know better than I do.' We havo no intention of contradicting the above We admit that the London market is open to our sugar, but the price it will realiso there will allow littlo moro than six shillings por ton to bo paid for our cane Further on, Mr, Craig quotes extensively from one of our articles and calls it Mr, Knox's threat, sec rotly supported by the Advocate. Tho article was not a threat; it did not emanate from Mr Knox nor ?«as it inspired by any of that gentleman's produc tions. There was no. secrecy about our methods; but there was a great deal of secrecy, suppression of facts. and misrepresentation on tho part of somo journalistic supporters of the Bill Mr. Craig also says that the Advocate was guilty of 'misrepresen- tation ina coldblooded style' in stating that thoro was no getting away from tho fact that tho. passing of the Federal Bill by this colony, and its adoption in a few weeks by Queensland, would mean tho death warrant of the sugar industry in Now South Wales, By_ way of controvertion ho says that 'intercolonial f reetrado prices will bo fair and profit able prices, owing to tho greater extent of market here and in- London ' Suguv can now bo purchased retail in London for a penny por lb. The latest published .wholesale prices were from 10s 9d to I Is porcrt-t for refined. And tho prospects of that, mar ket for tho future are indicated by Mr. Licht's esti mate of. an enormous increase iu tho production of beet for this year,and the fact that tho Indian duties recently imposed will throw a much larger surplus of this beot sugar on the London market. ?Mr.. Craig and other writers and politicians, who wanted Federation at any ptioo seom imbued with the ideas (1) that under Federation wo will get Stato mills and (2) that with Stato mills tho industry will yield as largo a return, to the grower at Frectrado prices'.aa it does under presont conditions with Pro tection. As to tho latter idea, tho prices paid by the State mills in Queonsland aro not as good as thoso paid in New South/ Wales by tho 'monopoly.' As to thoother thoory, the Federal Government has no power under the constitution to erect or assist State mills, or otherwise interforo with ihe private indus trial enterprises of any stato. Tho Now South Wales Govornraont will still have the power to erect orassist btato mills, but its power m this direc tion is strictly i limited by the clause pro hibiting any State from granting- aid or bounties for tho production of goods The money advanced for tho erection of Statemills in Quenshind is secured by inortgago upon the growers' land. Tho erection of Stato mills under such a condition would ho impos sible horo, and any moro favorablo conditions would :bb barred as an aid or bounty, if tho Queonslanders objected. Mr. Craig says tho Stato could take a lion upon tho; crop as security. If u crop of cane was good, security for a mill, thore would bo dozens of thorn in these; districts. Wo had somo difficulty m procuring- roliable fig ures to placo before our readors prior to reforeudum day, owing to tho returns for lust season not boing complete Since the 20th of Juno, tho official report of'tho Queensland Rogistrar-Gonoral on the sugar industry for tho 1898 season has reached us, and wo find that it boars out our estimates as to the pro duction iu Qnfionsland and Now South Wales bein^ in excess of the consumption. In our articles wo estimated tho surplus at between 11,000 and 10,000 tons Mr, Kuox.in tho absence of complete figures, did not commit himself to an estimate. From tho official roport now to hand wo find that tho excess of production over consumption, was G,OS1 tons. In dealing with the consumption the iigures for N.Z. aro not included, us that\ colony is not federating. Tho Westraliun consumption.— 7,218 tons— is in-' olud'od, although it is unlikely that Westralia will federate. In roply to Mr. Craig's attempt to ridicule our suggestion that tho ' .S.R Co would use its mon opoly under Federatior. to koep up ihu priiso of Hu^ar and dopress tho price of cane, wo may say that our view is also suggested by tho -uoar Jouiin'ai, of Juno 15, which says, in the article on 'Australian Federation' (pages 2fiO-7) : 'It is true wo may regard it ;is certain that somo protection will be afforded our sugar us against the outside world, but it seems also highly probablo that that protection STKIAIi MAXUFAOTUHKHS AX1) BISFIKKRS FOKJt A ltlNO ron Tnis ruitrosK of maintaining pricks witjhn tnv. colonies.' And again : 'Practically then we may say that Federation will give us u sure market, for our present production of sugar, and that, ii' tub manufacturers cojtniNE, wo shall bp able to reap tho advantage of protective duty on just so much of our sugar in future- as is not in excess of tho con sumption of Federated Australia.' As a largo share of tho manufacturing and nearly all tho refining business is in tho hands of the CS R Co , that Company can practically regulate tbo market. Our readers will sen from the above that our viows, although ridiculed by the Exaih.vkh's sugar oxpert, aro shared by tho Suoak Journal, which is a recognised authority iu tho sugar world. Tho growers have still a ray of hope in tho possi bility that Queensland may not accept the Bill. If she does— well, tho growers will want Mr. Craig to como along at once, and show them again through tho columns of the Examiner how wo aro to get. thoso Stato mills, ,'and how they and tho London market aro going to save tho industry. 