CHAPTER. TT. "You are not looking your best, Miss Erne. You have aged of late. I should say in a few years more you will be plain; The fate of girls who have no features to fall hack upon." ■*' John Ingram5 had acquired, with his other Oxford lore,-the engaging form of manner known to its admirers as the "modern." Had lie not seen a marquis repose his elbows on the dinner-table, a noble earl accord a lifted finger across a ballroom as an invitation to a waltz? Worthy John, honest son of, an old fashioned city solicitor, might he not, in boorishness at least, keen alongside any fcol of quality of them all? •• _ " "Ferhaps I am plain already," observed Miss Erne, with plaintive resignation. "As you gracefully say, John, I have not a feature in my face." Lady Erne's charms were of the shrink ing violet tyne which avoids the light of morning. Until "the widow -emerged v.eiled, roseate, panoplied for;afternoon campaign, no eye' save-thafc^oLier-dqctar J or her abigail beheld her; doubtful if. even her doctor had beheld the actual woman. So the cousins-in-law had their forenoons free and undisturbed for sparring, for whether these young neople waikod abroad among the mountains,- rowed on the lake, or stayed at home, they sparred -the man In .grim, solid earnest, the girl because such light warfare entertained her just a degree or two more than peace. ' ''You'- have a complexion, I will not deny that." He gave a glance at the dark, sublime delicacy of Polly's skin:: She was seated on the balustrade beside one of the terraces of the Pension Bannerman. A trellis.of autumn- painted vine leaves quivered overhead. The sun, with its gold and shadow, played upon her black hair, her vivid, ardent tint of cheek arid lip. 'Yes, and eyes." She hod opportunely flashed her orbs upon hini. "And a figure; and women-who are - pretty and plain by turns are the devil—the very devil!" repeated the poor wretch between his teeth. "Oh,John, how lovely you are! How good it is to be summed up by a person one esteems, and I do esteem you." "I wish I could return the compliment." Her cheek dimpled. "This is delicious! The modern manner surpasses itself. And so I have forfeited Mr. Ingram's esteem. Mea culpa! mea culpa!" He interrupted her with an expletive. "I am not much of a saint," cried he bit terly, "but I hate your up-to-date, blasted godless girls. Fish, flesh, or fowl,' I„say! A'good woman or a bad one. Till now you have been religious;" "Yes." "But you are changing fast. Small won der, in such company as you keep." Polly's heart leapt; then, swallowing her indignation, she held herself together bravely. The girl had a part, a difficult part, to play to-day, and the last orders laid upon her overnight were stringent ones. - Not only their meetings, his own stay in' Montreux, Mr. Gervase hinted, de pended on her tact, her discernment. Should this foolish ring business get noised abroad, let there be any serious rupture with Polly's relations, and he must go. Yes, it would be his duty to forsake her— at this - point Mr. Gervase had waxed pathetic—rather tlian'to compromise her. "You are too modest, my cousin; you depreciate yourself. For of course"—mali ciously—"you mean yourself. What com pany do I keep but yours?" "You meet that fellow Gervase daily. You meet him at ail hours." "Mr. Gervase!" "Oh, your acting is perfect. Not the ghost of a blush, not the quiver of a muscle. But it does not move me. I am certain of my facts." ' "And I," said the girl warmly, "am certain of mine. Do 1 deny that I meet Mr. Gervase? ■ I only wish I met him cftener. He is older, wiser, than you and f, John. His talk is not exclusively slang and Troth; and then," added she with point, "he is a friend of-better days. Mr. Gervase brings back my father's house to me the good old time when I had my free dom, when I was not watched." : John Ingrain ^ave two or three expres sive nods of the head—a big, strong-look ing bead, but ungainly, like his features, like his whole: person. "If I had watcbed you I had done right. You are an infant in the sight ,of the law, remember, arid you are under my mother's charge, which means, mine. But I have iot." ; "There had been little to discover." "I have had the hated sight'of the man forced upon me at all hours, in all places." "Your mother likes Mr. Gervase. She encourages him; I encourage him." ; "You do." _ "He diries with -us to-night^ A pleasant little banquet of four, the Kursaal after wards. Will you be nice?" "Certainly not;; as you understand the word." ; . "Then- you .compel my smiles. It i» my aesthetic duty to charm Lady Erne's guests." John Ingram, shifted his .weight from one foot to the other. ■ He watched a passing steamer with absorption, he whistled, then he'r seated himself beside his cousin—a vast deal nearer than his cousin desired—but Polly did not shrink from him. "Why do we' quarrel, John? In reality —well, we don't hate each other . . , much. The modern manner need surely not extend itself to " "Lovers." John Ingram lingered. over the word. "I'would give a year of my life— a solid year," he whispered, " to hear you use the word." "Call a rose as you will, John. Cousins, friends, lov . the persons you allude to. How can • it matter how we style our selves?" "It matters what we.are. . It. matters whether you become Mrs. Ingram of Mrs. Gervase.." At that name, never spoken even in dreams, the life blood sprang to Polly's cheek. Instinctively she stretched out a hand; it rested on young Ingram's sleeve. "I shall never be Sirs. Anyone. I care for you, John." In her confusion she ut tered the first words that came. "I am grateful for all your kindness, but— but-—•" . \- Her blush, her hand touch, the soft, sweet shame written on her face, were elo quent. . Against his will, against his con victions, John Ingram softened. "I apologise; I was brutal." He moved from her side as if afraid to trust himself. "Mr. Gervase is to your taste, and I— well; I merely love the very ground your foot presses. You know that." ' She did know, and did act upon the know ledge.--' With' her-heart beating fast Polly took -young-; -Ingram! in; his "softened mood." She faltered forth the confession that the director, of her conscience had outlined. "And oh, JohD," pleaded she. soft'as blown petals upon grass, "tell me the ring's worth. Indeed you must tell me;-' : Grandpa left me money; 1 have more, than £300 in 'Goschens.' " 7;John Ingrain broke into a laugh, a angularly mirthless one. ; "Three hundred pounds in 'Goschens,' an heiress! And you are afraid of the family wrath. You would like to draw out your capital, make good the loss honestly." Polly hesitated a "moment. '■Swear one thing, and 1 will show you a sliorfc-cufc, through your trouble. You were on the landing-stage, .you say; youx thoughts in the ballroom of the Grand Hotel. You leaned across the railing, the nng qlfpped from you and Eank into deer water.-. Was Gervase standing beside you when this fearful accident occurred?" 'You have Gervase on the brain. Most certainly Mr. Gervase was not standing by me; I will swear that as often as vou choose-." She spoke: with, lips as firm as marble, but she did not meet her cousin's eves. Her cheeks were pale. Polly Erne was as yet no hardened sinner. Her confession had gone nigh to choking her while she ut tered it. The young man watched her fixedly. A month ago I would have believed you sooner than my own soul, for I know" interpolated John Ingram, "that my own soul lies to me. J-read between the lines I appreciate your talents now. No ab solute falsehood"—his voice was tense with suppressed anger—"a pretty, art for the amendment of the truth. Studied shall we say, under the guidance of that —Gervase? He had employed a singularly strong word, and lightning quick the girl saw and made for her point of vantage. She started from her seat. Her blazing dark eyes were level with his. "This is too much. I am vour menial, Mr. Ingram; remind me of that fact as often as you like. I am eating the bread of servitude; I fetch and carrv, and am ordered. But you shall use fitting lan guage m my presence. I am your menial, but 1 am a woman." And so overpowering was her emotion— or her histrionic instinct— that several big tears coursed each other at this juncture down Miss'Erne s cheeks. "I shall offend no more," said John In gram when their peace was made. "I have had my lesson; I shall ask no more' ^questions. And John Ingram kept his word. <•' (To he continued.) ' 