JOTTING BY THE WAY. The buffaloes in Northern Australia are causing some excitement among sports and speculators "at home." We are told that the South Australian Agent- General's office has been visited of late by several gentle men anxious to know all about Melyille Island, geographically, climatically, and otherwise. Unfoitunately the mas 3 of Norttt ern Territory literature in block at Crosby square contains very little information re garding the island in question, beyond de> fining Its extent and position, and a few casual remarks concerning aboriginals and buffaloes. One caller, who would not dis close his name, and preserved a tremendous air of mystery, was particularly anxious to know all about the ouffaloee. He was, he Intimated, about to buy some concession or other from somebody with a view to reduc ing those buffaloes to Bovril or some equally potent fluid. The buffaloes were a source of interest to" other seekers for information regarding the island. ■Here 'is an item concerning Mr. James TVxihunter Sloan, who did not Tide the winner of the Derby, and -who, at latest Bngllsh mail advices, was sharing with hi» lirely compatriot, "The Belle of New Tork," the distinction of toeing the subject of all the town talk :—According to a New •York Journal, tlhe little jockey has enjoyed greatly the society of the Prince of Wales. •'My friend, the (Prince," Bloan is reported as raying, "is the "best fellow in all to* world. I like him immensely. He is a Prince of men as well as Prince of the realm. He has (been exceedingly kind anA gracious to me. He comes up to Bee me in the paddock and cays : ' How are you, Bloan ?' and then talks aibout the horses. Bvery time I win a race now, the Princes comes aro.und and shakes hands and con* gratulates me. There's nobody so fine a chap as Wales. He's a genuine sportsman, too —nothing foppish or disagreeable about Lim. He would be popular in America ir he hod no title—certainly he would ; he's «uch a good all-round fellow. He would be Prince in any country. T like him immense* tT." iMr. Murray's work tfn the Central district shows Mm to be a vcrStslble St. Paul in so Car as federajtilon is concerned. He travelled quickly and a great deal, and as he travelled lie organised. It is gratifying to hear from the Minister that in the places visited be found almost unanimous sympathy with the movement for union. The llbtle Queensland era who represent the separattets in the Cen tral district ore doing their best in the in terests of parocMaiisni, but their best is only Mkeiy to influence men Who do not thftik. Central Queensland, with its enormous herds of oafctto, with its meat works and other sources of wealth requiring outside markets, is likely to benefit as much as any of the colony by union, by 'tine breaking down of the barriers between the various States of Aus tralia. The politicians of a certain shade •re working against federation there in the vain hope that with Queensland outside the union they will have a better chance of separation. The idea is absurd. It is too lade in the day to talk of separation ; no one in the Central district west of the range cures for it, and those wbo are striving so strenuously now to keep Queensland from charing in the benefits of >the Commonwealth are no friends of the class whom they profess to specially represent. Mr. Murray's work has no doubt forestalled the little Queens land- ers, and hi 3 spirited example mUght well be followed by others in influential positions. The erase for doing something that nobody else has done seems still to be on tlbe in araase. .Men like Andre, even Hedln, A. H. Savage L#andor. and Tridthlof Nansen un dergo terrible prlmttoiKS In (ortter that wondering thousands may ga*e on theid ■ wfctti «nvy, and wi»h they 2nd the pluck to leave their com fortable homes and catch lumbago, or tortures, or starvation, or anything inter esting that they could talk about. And now, In a minor light certainly, a fanatic named Hales has undertaken to cycle 31,300 miles In twelve months at the rate of 100 miles a <lay. He stops on Sundays, presumably for religious observances, but every other day of the week he starts out immediately after breakfast to cover his century. What an ex tremely Interesting life he will lead for the next year ! It is " the daily round" with a vengeance. For, of course, the gentleman •will ride on a prepared track of a quarter or 'half-mile circumference. And then when he ' has flnhthed what will be the result ? Mere ly a few letters from him announcing that during the whole of the time he rode Some body's bicycle with Somebody's tires which never punctured ; that when he wanted re freshment he found Somebody's meat extract invaluable, and that Somebody's trousers •lasted the whole twelve months. Bweet ars the uses of advertisement! To most folk who have paid any att«n tion to the history of the Trawvul difficulty it.-will be nothing new to "hear tha* It has a miser serious religious as well as-a poHtl. «al side. The fact is emphasised by that report from Pretoria to the effect that the Transvaal Volksraad Bad rejected the pro posal nfede toy President Kruger to remove the religious disabilities of Rowan Catholic* and Jew*. The Boer, in his feelings with regard to people who differ from him on " points of faith," has been described by trustworthy authorities as ratiher a man of the sixteenth century fhan one who lives at flh* end of 4he nineteenth. He has. It is said, inherited unchanged the ideas of those ancestors of hi* who waged such a desperate Btruggle for "conscience' sake" with Ca'holi* Spain, when Spain was the most powerful nation in the world, and when, either on the* Cbtholic or "Protestant side. toleraHon with respect to the professors of the rival creed mould ihave been eet down as shameful and even criminal weakness. That border land on "Which modern men of ail creeds—and it •may "be added, even Wrote representative of no creeds—can meet and "agree to differ" was not even dreamt of by those literally lighting polomisUj from some of the very fiercest of whom the Boem -trace their descent. Kruger himself, inde-d. has been represented as sharing to fhe fullest ex tent in the dtero b'gotry of his ooiro*rym»n, and as being firm in the belief that, to fpfratever class besides religious equality ofgttt 1* extended, the line should be drawn at Cfcthoitai and Jew*. However, that is not 'the only direction in which the Boer President is likely to bare to recognise the necessity of amoving witfh Che times, whether he is willing or not. Neither Is it to be imagined thai 'his colleagues wtll persist, in a more unyielding ivbtitude. It is very Important to Queensland lo know «hat the famous flag of the White Star line of steamships Is to be seen once more in Australian waiters. Queensland is not at present included dn the table of potys of call of the liners, but that vre hope will be only a temporary drawback. The White Star flag was known in Australia over fifty years ago, When the Ismay, Imrie, and Co. firm were eujbslidised to carry the mails, so it wiU not be new to the good old uaeu of the good old " forties." We must do oil we can to get these new sfalLps to Queensland. More bottoms are wanted here for meat and for wool, and our trade suffers because the want has not been supplied. The new snipe which Ismay, Imrie, and 00. are building are ocean leviathans, and their appearance in our waiters should be a Me thing for the frozen meat trade. By them we should be able to reach Che Cape and the Liverpool and Manchester trade direct. We have a mon opoly practically of the Australian export of beef, and with sufficient, snips there would be no occasion to send our wool to the Southern colonies to be transhipped to Lon don or European ports. But we must fight out the matter of port improvement if wo are to get the' big ships here. Mr. FUllp is able to show a satisfactory statement of the revenue for July last, as compared with the corresponding period of 1898\. There is an increase under every head. Taxation revenue shows an increase of £15,466 ; land and mining occupation, £1301 ; railways. £17,973 ; and other re ceipts, £6194. The increase In revenue al together is £41,200. The increase in ex penditure is £24,139, of wMch £6481 is in respect to public instruction, and £6918 to railways. The expenditure in the Home Secretary's Department shows a decrease of £5601, which is accounted for by the cir cumstance that last year provision had to be made for the general elections. The excess of revenue over expenditure was £145,655, as against £128,594 for July, 1898. In New South Wales the position is not so satisfactory, there being a decrease of £34,256, as compared with July, 1898. The chief falling off is in stamps and land, but the former is always a fluctuating item. The revenue for July, 1898, was £837,748, and for July. 1899, £801.492. The increases were :—Excise. £1866 ; land tax, £3779 ; railways and tramways, £12,033; Post Offlco, £8M1; and wsJter and sewerage rates. £1588. The decreases were :—Onvtoms, £5889 ; stamps, £31,679 ; income tax, £829 ; land revenue, £17,462 ; and other items, £1788. Give a dog a strange cam* and run it to dearth. It would be impassible to enumerate the number of pscple who at one time or an other have found a ready means of making a phonetic pun out of the mame Dalmatian hound. says "The UonAon letter." It is probable, however, <that the following true tale waß th« earliest unrehearsed edition of the now threadbare Joke. An old Quaker gentleman whose memory is still green among sojournera in Bast Anglia, and whose love for horses was well knows, took it into his heed to buy gome " plum-pudding doge" to run with his carriages. Waving been for some time too ill to leave his house, he dally gave his instructions to his old groom. " I hope, Isaac," said he, a few days after hi* latest purchase. " that tihou hast duly exer cised those Da4mfatian hounds." "There now, sir, I never 'card you swear be/ore, but you've got the right word, for them there dogs 'ay bin more trouble in the stable in a week than all-the *osse» ever foaled." "Humour," remarks the "OytwpSe Times," " is generally an absent quantity aL federa tion meetings, everybody being in too deadly earnest to even raise the ghost of a smile. However, 'there was a little variation at the meeting in the Widgee Board 'Hall on Tues day night. Questions had been asked for, and one of the audience propounded what he confidently expected was a poser. 'If New South Wales had not adopted tha Common wealth Bill what would have been the re sult ?' Chairman Suthers rose; and thund orod with all the patriotism of an enthu siastic Billlte : ' I will reply to that ques tion. If you'd never been born, Mr. , you'd never have been able to ask such a foolish question.' " Speeches made on Saturday at the distribu tion of prizes won at fche Rifle Association meeting fully recognised the importance of eOMOting, and Lieuteniant-Colonel Lyster"* regret (that more ot the fighting element in the country was not represented on the range will be echoed throughout Queensland. Butt if men are not attracted from the first class—single men between 18 and 30 yeans of age—-whose is toe fault ? Has there ever bsen a serious attempt on the part of the military authorities to organise rifle clubs and to push the rifle club arm of the Defence Force ? Those who know most about the clubs know that their eprintf ng Into ex istence has been entirety dependent on local effort. They have been " administered" to a certain extent from bead Quarters, but there has been no endeavour to bring other clubs into existence. We have the material for good shots and rood soMiers, but leadership is wanted. There waa never perhaps a more candid expression of failure on the part of the mHlltary authorities than the figures quoted by Colonel byster in his very inter esting speech. An inspector of rifle clubs has now been appointed, but the State might just as well save his' salary if the old condition of things is to continue. ' To make rifle clubs a success tihere should be an enthu siastic leading spirit and organiser. With out such a head Lieutenant-Colonel Lyster's figures will be suitable for quotation every year. On the other hand the Rifle Associa tion is doing excellent work in increasing the Interest of the Defence Force generally in its contents and encouraging young shots. They are on the right track there. To Eccles, a Lancashire town of 32,000 in habitants, belongs the honour of possessing the first motor milk-cart. Its " round" em braces an eighty-mile radius, and thl» it can cover in a day of seyea hours. The work of three hor&ea; and carts M aared. 