k ORIGINAL NOVEL. -j TAll Biohts Besbbved. j Maiin Gonisby By E. DOIDGE, Author of ' Father and Son,' ' The daughters \- — .... of Eve,' 1 Mystery of Merveillieu,' , """ - .BOOK II. CHAPTER X.— (Oontinuod.) St ' Now come, tantalising boy, what "is it? KrcL 1 Cannot you guess, Lilian P' 1 HHP ' Something about Marian, of course.' Mf ' Of oourso ; two letters by the mail » this morning took me an hour' to read them, W and a pretty bad fright I got. You know f aftor that Thames episode Marian _ was UUj'ut Ul IUUV tuu givrvauva u vwauuuiu objeotion to our marriage was dying out, but he took a sudden and terrible turn, beoame more bitter than ever, and Vowed vsngi-anao . . Now, on top of all this, the old gentleman — Heaven forgive him inunh for it— suddenly deoided to return to jl'f Australia! What do you say to that ?' &i;'f ' That is indeed good news, George. I ' ' congratulate you wittrall my heart.' i'i vl ' Especially as they must bo now aotualiy !$$;,. .. on their way. Where would they bo a fort- "J' ' night after leaving England, LilP' |! ( . I cannot exaotly say, bnt somewhere in ?:. the Mediterranean 1 suppose.' K I'": 'Yea, I expect so. I shall look it up. .;S; Just imagine, we shall have Marian with :\J us, all being well, in a month or so. It's If Y just splendid ' 1 \\\ George turned -to go to his room, bnt ' , paused to hold up to Lilian's ojes a few /. linos of Marian's letter, whioh he aBked her ' to read : — , ' You have waited for me, dear George, . these three long years, and I am ooming to S poor Kolf — but- all your own.' " . That is very pretty — worthy of dear Maite.. How glad we shall all be to see her back.' 'L.. ' Yes, everybody j but ono in partionlar, you bet ' ; and George ran up the stairs two 1 steps at a time. Not for a long time bad his heart be-n so light. And that way lies the young man's hope of hupplneBB. Suoh years of patient waiting are hevor wasted. In after life, mid many trialrt of love and patienoe, of fidelity and temper, the years when the heart aehed and K yearned for life's mateoome back with their reoords of oft-repeated vows, of affeotion, of tenderuesB, and of ideals realised or awaiting realization. Goorgo's buoyancy of spirits at the even ing meal was so apparent that, had hiB team won the intercolonial football matoh, he could not have been in greater fettle. It was apparent to every member of the family M that the heir an- 1 ope of the Whidden family wub in reoeipt of good tidings. I « -What is it, George P' said Lady Whid- I den. . Marian will be with us, all being well, II inside of five weeks.' Hp. Toat is news, indeed.' r ' But doBR it meau that your way will be I any oleurer P' asked Sir Douglas. » 1 have every reason to believe it will be,' ft; . replied Gsorge. 'Then I have every roason to believe that , you will marry a penniless girl, unless the ft .... old. man Gonisby has either reaohed his | - "dotage or dioa suddenly.' - 9 It was one of those random shots whioh I are sometimes spoken lightly yet fit marvel- lously into tho realities ; for, as the reader knows, Joseph Gonisby was dying at tho time. ' I'm not troubled about one or other of the possibilities,' waB George's roady response. j He> was not in tne mood to look upon any but the brightest side of the pioturo ; and, ob a now apparently relenting fate willed it, he was not to be disappointed. - CHAPTER XI. v Sunshine and Bain. k, January, days passed into Febiuary, and the boat was duo in whioh Mr Gonisby and Mies. Gonisby had booked passages for Melbourne. How many hearts reaoh out with keen anticipation and bright hopes on ooming to a new laud — soma to be more thun realised ; others, and thoy form tho major ity, to be more than disappointed. Of ail the piissongors who on that bright. February morning steamod up to tho iiandridgo Pier, thcro wore fow'more uiovod by oinotiou than Marian Gonisby. But fhoy wcra conflicting emotions whioh swnyod hor. Glad was she boyond words to fiud herself 0000 again noaring tho city whero hor heart's nffootions lay — sad to romembor that it was ns an orphan, absolutely alone in tho world. ' Ere she arose that happy morning, ehe guessed they had entered the hoads, por- ooiving that tho ship no longer auBwerod to tho ocean swell ; and when olio oi no on deok beforo breakfast, tboro to tl 0 left shone Queensoliff — always prepossessing, always picturesque ; and as one familiar view after another oamo into night, hor spirits roso and a soft color came into her chooks, whioh hud grown more thin and palo than woro their -wont. But of all sights pinning to the eye and to tee heart, thero was nno she dwelt npon not yet oome— tho flight of the one man in the world whoso memory had been ever preaent, and upon whose strength and fidelity r'te had loaned, as upon a rook whose foundation was sure. ' Miss Gonisby, you a:.o ooming down to breakfast for tho last lime— are yon notP' It was Miss Leslie who spoke, as she oame from amongst tho passengere, who woro intent on spying upon tbo now land. ' Really, I had hardly thought of it— I doubt if I oan eat ; but I will mauags a oup of ooffoe, I daresay.' \- "What a delightful bay — if it is a bay — it is more liko an inland ooean ; it is so large. Why did you never tell me how mapnifioent it was ?' ' Wo seldom talk about Port Phillip : all the admiration seems) to go to ita great rival —Port Jaoksott. If we have not the hun dred inhts whioh adorn Sydney's port, yet here we at least have scope and ample room to Bail our pleasure boats ; and aronnd tho bay there are many pleasure plnoos— yonder tor instanoe, lies Mordiallio, where I have joined in very pleasant, pionias. Some day, MiitB Leslie, I hopo we shall have tho pleasure of seoing some of those show places in oompany.' A wish whioh Marian's companion gladly shared. Then they betook themsolves onoo more to the -oakfast table, whore, however, Marian Hat for only a fow minutes. She was really too oxoited to more than make a pro- teose of eating. Soon she was on dook again, looking anxionBly to tho lauding point, wondering would be be thore. YeB, Georgo was thore with ej es but for one individual in the world, wondering oonid (it indeed be possible that the hour had oomo when ho should meet again the woman he loved, never (as he hoped) to bo parted more. And how wonld she seem? What ohauge had tbo years made F How should he moot herP Would sho forgive him the warmth of tho embraoo that his arms wore longing to porform P Wonld the severest of fathers bo at hor side to veto more than tho oommon, mo-' formal hand-shake P Did ever vessel tu. 3 so long to raoorP Was ever sailor alowor Was ever hawser more awkwardly handled P WaB ever any body or any crowd leas in a hurry P . . . Then, at length, tho oooan-linor was along side, and one amongst the hoBt of landsmen and lundBwomen scanned the line of faoea whioh leaned over the taffrail, and then forward to amldshipB ; but thero was no sign of the faoe he sought. What if "M"-\rian wete not aboard ? How should he .-the disappointment ? So soon as the little bridge was thrown aoroas George was ono of the first to get on deok. Looking to right and left of bim, Georgo walked to and fro amongst the passengers. Ho must ask somebody — yet whom ? — they were ail either eagerly talking amongst themselves, or equally engaged in looking for people. When at length he did venture to ask, he found he bad enquired of one who, like himself, had just come aboard, at whioh thoy both laughed. Then he had the luok to ran aorcsB the purser, and was told that there was a Miss Gonisby aboard. . . Now, what a quiohening of the pulse— what a rnsh of the blood I Marian was really there —on this samo ship aB he stood upon. Surely she would be on deok, he thought ; bnt Marian had a few moments before gone down to the saloon. Perhaps there was a great lump in her throat ; perhaps she wished to avoid the bustle and arowd of the deok. Ferohanoe, some instinot told her it would be better to bs a little apart if her lover sought her. She realised bow very muoh alone she was. She had oome very far to him ; ehe would withdraw a little now — it was just womanly— and she sat down and felt tho throbbing of her heart. . 1 If he is here he will soon find me. . Oh, how trying tho moment. . He does not oome. . Perhaps ho was not advised of the steamer being signalled. . Fifty things could keep him . I will go above. . . No, I will sit still a minute longer. I am positively the only sonl in this big saloon. . How odd it looks — even ridiou- loits. . I am sure it does. , I will go above 1' Marian was proceeding with this intent, when — whistling as he oame— George knew it waB a feigned whistle, jnst as the big boy who is not afraid of ghosts knows be is humbugging whon he whistles for company in a lonely spot— thore ho oame, tripping down the oompanion way — ' George !' ' Marie, deal Marie I' Her surcharged heart was so full, his arms were about her waist and neok, and . there was no one to oome between. . The .UIVIUUUO ua VMW u IUD CftUBUllUU, and in great grief or joy with women, the ' windows of the soul' let forth the fonntain oi the heart. ' Marian, my love, look np I' said George, hut sbe nestled tbo elosor to him, and sobbed oonvulsivflly on his shoulder. Not till she oould look at him steadily did she raise her tear stained faoe to his, and he kissed it ugain and again uotil ho deolared ho tasted the saliness of the tours i ' You are fresh from the sea — a regular salt! But oome, darling, is there any trouble P' 1 Forgive me, George, these were not tears of trouble bnt of joy. I know it is very foolish, but I really oould not help it. . Yet I have had trouble — great trouble and grief, George.' ' Tell me all about it, dearest.' He led her to a seat, looked steadily into her eyes, and read there traoss of what Marian had experienced upon th voyage. ' You do not ask for my father, George P ' That is bad manners I admit, love ; bnt you will believe me when I eay I had no thought for a soul on earth but you, Maria ; and I'm really thankful to the governor for this rospite. How is ho P' 'You will never see him more, Georgo. Ho is dead. ' if our father is dead P Good heavans, you surprise mo !' Then sho told him the story of Mr Gonieby's illness and death and burial in the Bed Sea. And George took Marian again in his arms, and kissed and oaressed her ; and he waB coo disingenuous to he other than devoutly thankful that a great poaoe and rest and surety had fallen upon them. For Heaven itself seemed to have removed the hand that so long had withheld the woman ho longed to call his own. Tltoy were speeding in the train to their old homo. What if thero wore ourions eyeB P What if George was seen by com panions who knew him, but whom he never sawP There are timoa whon wo walk npon air, when our spirits soar as in the lofty flight of the eagle, and tho little oommonplaoe things of time and senso pass unperoeivod. By the time they reaohed Prahran George had lived, as it wore, through an epitome of his lovod one's life from the time thoy left London to the arrival that morning. It seemed to him there was little to tell of himself. The Whidden affairs, momentous as they had been aiuoo ttio departure of tho Gonisbys, I appeared to him unworthy of mention nlongeido tho smallest details cffeotiiig any part of Marian's life sinoo ho had said good-byo. So ho told Marian when she repeated tho request ' Now toll mo about yoursolves, George V Thoy woro at the Whiddens home. ' Dear old place ! And thore is Lilian !' oxolaimed Marian, as Miss Whiddea eame eagerly out to meat thorn. " 1 Woloomo, a thousand weloombs home, Marian.' ' Thank you, darling Lil, you are right — this indeed is home, or but three doors off,' and thoy kissed and kissed and embraced npon the pathway with nnaffeoted heart iness. . i ' . Do' not make even that reservation, ' roplied George, having roferonoo to the 'throe doors' away from 'Pairloigh.' ' I gnesB you will be quits at home,' and he led hor into the house to present her in triumph to Lady Whidden. whose weloomo to Marian was no less eordial. Having to hurry to his duties in tho oity, Georgo reluctantly toro himself away, leav ing Marian with his mother and two sisters, whoso condolences with Marian's bereave ment were mingled with felioitationa that she was onoo again safely with them Daring tho day, too, eame Aunt Zinny, by whoHo moro-effusive demonstration of delight, sympathy and oonoern Marian was well-nigh overwhelmed. 'Sure, oliild, you are just tho same, though sobered,' she kept ou saying ; ' but little wonder, for you have oome through trial and tribulation. Thank tho Lord that you are safely back with us, and wo shallnovor lot yon go again ; and your poor papa— to think that we shall never see him again ! But be was a good and upright and kind man, and you ara his only obild.' This latter was said with a perceptible aooent of consolation, aftor the prudenoo of the worldly-wise, whioh Marian rnderstood, as she also Bnderstot that goad Aunt Zinny derived honest pleasure from tho thought chat, at last, whon all we 3 said and done, her fostor lamb was woll provided for. Marian did not undeceive her, nor say aught of the oruel wrong that had bi in done nor in the matter of the will. 'Twas not till George returned, and thon late in the evening when they had spent many hours together, and Marian had retailed many ohapters of absorbing interest to her lover, that sho oame to that part aifeotiug her worldly prospoots. 1 And now, George, I have something to toll you whioh you have a right to know. It will shook you very much, I am afraid.' 1 We hove grown rather used to shooks — finanoial shooks in partioular — in these parts since you left, dear.' said this with a sort of intnition of wl vas coming. 'You have guossi something suroly, George, bnt you have arrdly guessed the truth. My father before we loft England made a will whioh entirely disinherited me 1' ' That was unfair, oruel to you ; but, darling,' and he held hor closely to him, ' don't yon give two thoughts to it, so far as I am concerned. You are here, and you are to be mine — my own, love — and I am more than satisfied. It is better that yon should not bo rioh wbilo I am poor. I should feel it badly, I assure you. Now we. are on eqnal terms. We are young, and the world is fairly before us. I oan keep you comfort ably, I trust, though not in sffluenoe. . . You really will be mine, darling ?' ' Need you ask ?' ' It seems too . good to be true. I am positively betide myself with the joy of it I' ' George, there is one thing moro I have to tell,' and Marian then recounted the making of a now will at the laBt moment, whioh but needed the Signature to oomploto the total rectification oi the wrong that had been done. ' That was ' tcuoh and go' for a fortune and no mistake,' exclaimed the happy lover. ' Bat toll me, Marian, that you do not mind — that you will not let this trouble you when all else is now plain sailing in front of as ?' '1 really have not troubled about it, George. I oan, I think, honestly say I am not meroonary, yet it does seem rafhor hard, and I am sorry for yonr sake !' 'Then you mast not be— I will not allow it!' 1 The oaptoin and the dootor were very, very kind. They quite interested themselves in me when they understood how matters steed, and the oaptain told me when at Colombo— I am sure I did not wish him to do it — tbat.hs had written an acoount of the whole affair to unole Gonisby, whom he thinks— but I do not count on anything. It is the better way— is it not, dear ?' ' Quite the hotter way, darling.' ' Your unolo stands as tho heir, and will inherit your father's wealth. But we shall never trouble bim, tako my word for it. I am far richer than heinhavingyou, darling.' It was lover's talk, and thoy were not inter rupted. If tho lost thousands was the prioe of their freedom thus to love and wed, thoy counted they had the belt of the bargain ; they grudged not the loss of the gold in the plenitnde of their Iovo. ' I am more glad than I oan say that you take it so, George. It is tho final proof— if proof wero wanting— of three yoars of rlctvrnf inn tu h af tEfl ftfiTnirtPYAf ftl. HlOnflV worshipping world would oall the final and olinehing test.' 'Test I You 'alb wide of the mark, my love. You forget yourself! You do not know yonrtelf 1— as though any fellow, any man in Australia, would want any sort of bribe along with suoh a pearl — for are yon not beyond all prioe ?' ' Will you always think so, George P' ' It will be my fault if 1 do not. . . Marie, do yon know that tbero is a wonder ful, big, beautiful difference in yOu !' ' A differenos f' ' Yes, you are obanged — not in appearance, aoaroely any at all — but iu manner. You remember— do you P — that never foij two minutes would you let me hold yon in my arms ; though 1 felt you loved mo, yet you were always so-so seared— so unyielding—' ' Well, if you let me go a little — I shall not run away — there !— 1 may explain thiB subtle ohange that you are pleased to notice. . . I am changed. Be sure, Georgo, yon do not see more than 1 feel it. In those far- off days I was' fighting many invalid battles —fighting self, fighting prejudioo, warring with traditions ; and heaviest of all to bear np against was my poor fathor's bitterness — but you know about that, Georgo P' (To bo continued.) The statement is made that alcoholio oandy Is largely sold iu Manchester and other Eng lish towno. It is said to be imported from Germany, and an analyst deolars that it con tains proportionately as muoh aloohol as does beer. The sito of what is believed to have been the first Christian oburoh is at Glastonbury, .Uiseaid that the ohuroh waB built in the year C? by Joseph of Arimathiei, whose bones are said to lie beneath the epot. Upwards of 100,000 pounds of snails are eaten every day by the residents of the gay Pronoh capital, the snail market being the busiest industrial mart in Paris. A Swiss sooioty has laid out an Alpino garden at Montronx at an elevation of 6,000 feet, where the characteristic trees and flowers of the oountry are to be cultivated. ' Experiments seem to show that a large ooean steamer, going at nineteen knots an honr, will move more than two miles after its engines have been stopped and reversed. 