A MIDSHIPMAN'S ROMANCE, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.. ... ; t "57". CSlsburfki: Kt-cisiso'lS.:, Author of "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The Golden Hope," "The Death Ship," "The Frozen Pirate," "An Ocean Tragedy." "A Sea Queen," "My Danish Sweetheart," "The Good Ship Mohock," "Alone on a Wide, Wide Sea," "The Tale of the , Teh," &e.;, &e.; > ' COPYRIGHT.. CHAPTER II;— (Continued), "Well, there's nothing here," said my la ther coming Slowly from the gate. "It Is the effects of those heavy blocks of molasses ana butter If the old woman sells him inure than two sous' worth a week I'll charge her with the doctor's bill." , "Come with me, dear,". said my. mother, and we went upstairs. ... "Now don't go and make out that he nas seen anything else but bad treacle and cheiip butter," cried my father after us. My mother sat with me for some time after I'was In bed, and rang the bell for a glass of sweetened warm wino and water, which comforted me. She easily saw that I was not ill, and stood in no need of phyBlc, and this, I fanev, made her the more concerned that I should have seen the phantom. She asked me If it was like anybody I knew, and I answered no. Then she assured me it was an imagination and never could have existed. .. Nevertheless, after she was gone, I .lay awake some time thinking much of the ap parition. I was a little boy, 'tis true, but my sight was as good as my father's or mothers, and I hud beheld the thing, and could de scribe It, which certainly would have been impossible to such Invention as I had, nnd there wns no wreath of mist f.n all the lanu that was going to repose in a shape of beauty upon that pedestal, and look at me with neither sorrow nor cheerfulness. However, the morning sunshine despatch ed the ghost out of my head, and neither my father nor mother referred to It. I was still at home, learning, no lessons, doing nothing, -an Idle hoy, with much— too much — time on my .little hands. I went Into the garden after breakfast and began to search In the' dlteli between 'the next field and our grounds for anything I could find. ; I '.started a frog or two, and a young mouse. It was a bright, cool, windy day, and the land : . was piebald with (he shadows of moving cloud. IVhnt do boys hunt for when they gel into ditches, and grub in nnd among hedges? What do they expect to find? Perhaps my measure lay In the hope of finding something. After tolling for \Q_nio time hthls aimless quest, creeping, puiislng, peering, stnrting, I grew slclt of it, and came out of the tangled ditch. , . I now thought that I would sail my in the pond, and went 'to the house to fetch It. A tall hedge divided the two gardens and the pond lay on tho other side of the hedge. X -took my- boat, which had been my mo ther's gift on my last birthday, nnd made for the pond, with never a thought of the phantom in my head. The gate stood open ns it usually did. In the course of the day tne gardener wns constantly taking water from the pond. For some reason I am unnble to explain, he had placed a bucket upon the pedestal; he contrived this by means of a ' hooked pole. _ _ I knelt close to the edge of the pond and put my bout upon the wfjter, but whilst I 4 watched it gilding through a clear opening amid, the slimy nnd weedy surface I over balanced myself and went head over heels. Though these are puerilities they are deep truths to me, and what now happened is , the most wonderful circumstance of my life. The pond was deep enough to drown three boys like me standing on one an other's head. I slanted in without a splash as I suspect, and when X was .under water 1 thought to myself. "This ls;a dream! . Even whilst I thought, and very sWiftly, for I must have risen soon after that first dive, I dis tinctly saw in the water, whether with my ey.OH closed or open I don't know, the, plian- torn of the preceding night. It was a shape of mist, its face was close to mine, and I very well remember the expression, the look that was not sorrowful or smiling, and the cloud of hair streaming off In the green obscure. It vanished In a breath, and I rose with a bub bling yell close against the pedestal, so close that I was able to seize the bucket, which I turned over my head, and then floated a few feet away in It. , . There was no nlr In this bucket, and I go, and down I sank. I hnve the completes! recollection of my sensations: there was no fear, nothing but a feeling of dreaminess, as If I had fallen asleep, and, sliouljl wake In n minute and find myself at the brink of the pond with the bont in my hand. I rose again and splashed, and cried out as loudly as I could, for my throat was full of 'filthy water and weeds. . "Who had told me, where had I read, that If you go down the third tlrtie you do not rise again? This Idea was present- to me when I sank, kicking out and struggling, but the be lief; proved false In my case, for I rose for the third time close against the stanclilon-lrons. I grasped them, got my knees on to the edge of the brickwork, and rolled upon the grass, where I lay motionless as though I'd been drowned Indeed, full of water, weeds, and " Aif I was afterwards told, whilst I lay thus the gttrdener. (idme along/1 He had heard no thing. He crunched leisurely along the gra ve) walk, but on casting his eye at the pond lie Instantly saw by the clearness of Its sur face that it had been swept, and In some way perturbed. He npproached the opposite gate to look, and immediately catching sight of my Iloatlng cap and the boat; he shouted — "My God! He lies drowned at the bottom!" He shook off his- boots and pulled off his coat, and plunged In manfully— a filthy header— black-clear as the water showed where' I had kicked and struggled. Ho swam well, . and made nothing of that pond, having the pedes tal as a rest, and the brick wall within a kick or two of his feet. He sank and felt, and came up nnd blew, and emerging at last half- drowned against the gate close beside which I lay, he saw me. "Ah; God!" cried he, and scrambled out. I lay on my face, -and- presented every ap pearance of death. My face and hair were covered with duck weed, and my mouth .was full of the stuff. Certainly in no fouler pool Could a boy be drowned. After, looking at me tho gardener picked me up," and ran with me to the house. My mother was In tiie parlour, In the act of entering, in fnct, when the gardener arriv- ed at the open window, clasping my drenched figure to his equally drenched form. She Shrieked on seeing me, and cried, "13 he drowned? Bring him In. Lay him on the sofa! O, Merciful! My poor, poor darling!-" The drenched gardener talked as he laid me on the sofa. "I do not think he is drow-ned, madam. He got out by himself.. I found him lying on the grass .after seeking for him in the pond. He should be stripped, dried, and put to bed. No doctor could do. more," said thls'gardener, \- who If a fool in the presence of a ghost, grew wise In- the face of calamity. My mother rushed to the bell. - The ser vants arrived, and set up a howl 'on seeing me drowned as they thought. I was born away to the kitchen, and whilst they stripped me before the fire showed signs of life. They rubbed me. Into a glow, nnd the streaming gardener recommended a teaspoonful of eau de vie. More, perhaps, was administered, with good effect, for 1 was conscious before I was put to bod. This was a narrow escape from drowning, and from perlshlng'after being delivered. .My father was out, and when I awoke from a refreshing sleep I felt as well as I was be fore I made the plunge. My parents stood together looking down upon me. I opened my eyes and smiled. My father kl9sed me,, and my mother also kissed me passionately, and sank upon her knees by my bedside, and thanlfed God aloud In a clear, adoring mo ther's voice for. His merciful . preservation of me, whilst my father stood looking on. deeply moved. My mother then asked me how I felt. I told her I wanted to get up. She would not hear of this, and promised to sit and read to me. "I'll have that pond filled up," said my father. "I should have foreseen this. It Is deep enough to drown a taller man than I." "I saw tlie white woman agnln," said I. My mother started, glanced at my father, then looked at me. "The white ".woman ojf last night?" she asked In a tone that nearly, expressed terror. "Yes," said I.. "She was In the- water, and when I sank she came close to me, and I saw her face just the Bnine as last night." "Just f. le same?" said my mother, scarcely concealing her superstitious alarm. - "Yes; she wns all white," I answered. "What he saw," said my father, "was the impression left upon his bruin by the figure he Imagines he has seen.". He- 'then said to me,- "Did you see thut white .woman in the water before you fell In?" "No," I answered. "Did nothing Invite you to plunge In?" "I fell . In." said I. "That's about the amount of it," said my father; ."and the white woman's a white lie. But that pond must be filled up, gbost or no ghost. Indeed, of lute I have often fancied It smelt disagreeably.'" After some further words he left my mo ther to talk "and" read to me. : I was kept In bed that day, and was quite well next morning. ' CHAPTER III. —AN INTRODUCTION. "Come, Walter," said my mother, "I want to intruduoe you to the prettiest girl you ever' saw. But first brush your hair, and be quick, for they will be going." . I went downstairs and entered the drawing- room shyly, for If I was precocious by stress of association with iny elders, I trust and be lieve I was neither forward nor Impu dent. "Oh. this Is your son, Mrs. Longmore?" said Mrs. Stuart, extending her hnnd to me. She was a decidedly handsome woman be tween fiv-.'-and-thlrty and forty, quietly, but well dressed. Her hair wns fair and plenti ful, and her figure as good as If she lmd been two-and-twenty. Beside her sat a young girl of my own age, and I was approaching Mrs. Stuart to shake hands when, on glancing nt this child, I stopped dead, staring with fear and wonder, just as I had stopped dead when I |iuw the phantom of the pond. My agita tion was so extreme that I trembled as to a sudden blast of cold wind. Mrs. Stuart looked at me a3 If she believed I was deranged, and would In a minute fall "down upon the Hoor In a fit of epilepsy. ' ' "What Is tho matter with you, Walter?" cried mv mother. I backed away to her Bide and said, point ing to the child— "She is the girt I saw in the nond." "What do you say?" exclaimed my mother, depressing my arm, for I continued to point. "She 1« the girl I saw in the pond," said I, with a half- blubbering note In my v<f:o. "What Is lt'"all about? What has my Belle got to do with the pond?" cried Mrs. Stuurt, In a manner that 'would have made me see, had I been older, that she was very superstitious. "There Is a porid In the lower garden," an swered my mother, "and Walter some time age thought he saw a figure standing on the pedestal where there Is no shape or image /or a fountain." "Like my Belle?" half-shrieked Mrs. Stuart to me. "Yes," I answered. "She Is the same, only littler. V "How very extraordinary!" exclaimed Mrs. Stuart, in a sort of gasp, after a moment's pause. "Co me' and look at Belle close, and toll me If she is Ilka what you- saw." "I can see her from here," said I, sticking to my mother. "It Is certainly strange," said my mother," in . a somewhat low', liiysterlous volcoi "that Walter should hot only have seen the ghoBt over-nl'ght on the pedestal, but that he should have tumbled In next day, and then seen it In the water where he was almost drowned." Mrs. Stuart breathed deep and repeated, "How very extraordinary! Are you sure- It, wasn't the figure of a- little boy you saw?" "No," I answered, "It was a woman just' tho same as that girl, only she Is littler," and I pointed ngaln, being greatly agitated, and again my mother put down my arm. , '"I never heard anything so extraordinary," said Mrs. Stuart, turning td look at hor child, who, with her feet off, the lloor, sat beside her mother staring at me fixedly with precisely the expression of the phantom. .Indeed It was not to be gathered by her looks that she knew she was concerned In this talk. "The thing. Is easily explained." said my father. "A boy suffering from bad digestion passes alone through a moonlighted gardeh; he tliLnks he' sees a ghost; I wonder he didn't see twenty. The Impression he receives Is such that when next duy he tumbles Into the- pond, his brain reproduces the image of the previous evening." "Did you ever dream of- Master Walter, Belle?" asked Mi's. Stuart. "No," answered the little girl. . "Have you ever seen him before?" "No," sho replied. "Have you ever met her before no,w?" she enquired, addressing me. '.'Not before thut night," I answered. "I never heard anything1 so Strange," said. Mrs. Stuart. "How old Is Mnster Walter?" and she looked at me wilth a singular expres sion, as though I had been a mummy or something, strange and frightful, like an. Asiatic god In d show. "He will be elglit In February," answered- my mother. . , , "Six months older than' Belle. ' Look again, at my little daughter, Master Walter," sold, she, "and tell me If you see the same likeness , you satv "When you. first came Into the room." "It's the same," I answered. "Come close to lier.You're not afraid of your phantom, I hope." said she. with nii uneasy laugh and a glance nt my mother. . I stepped over to the little girl, who' put out hor hand, which I took. '' "Perhaps she doesn't seem so like, now- that you're close to," -said Mrs. Stuart hopefully. "Yes, she does," I answered. "She looks more like." . ' ' ; "Can I see the pond( Mr. Longmore?" said Mrs. Stuart, jumping up with some excite ment. We all sallied forth. I walked with the lit tle girl. I should not have walked with her of niy own free will, but she hung back, and' U3 It were obliged me to walk with her! "Did you really see me the other night?'1 she asked. . , "Yes," I Bald, "of course I did." "How was I dressed?" "You had nothing on," I answered. "Wasn't I cold?" she exclaimed. "But It wasn't you— it was — it was " Here I began. to stutter and came to a stop. My father a little ahead, walking with Mrs. Stuart and my mother, opportunely helped me. , i "It was his stomach, and notnlng else," I heard him say. ' What do you play at?" said Belle. "I swim bofits, and Em going to be a sailor," said I, as I desired to seem a man In the eyes of this young' lady. "Will you play at horses .with me?" she nsked, In a wooing, plaintive voice. "Oh, how I should love a run round these gardens." "I haven't any reins," I said. "Tape will do," she cried. "Oh, mother, we're going to play horses'." The three stopped to survey us. . "Be quick then, Belle," said Mrs. Stuart, . "for after I have seen the pond, I am going home." "Let them enjoy themselves," said my father. "We want tape to make reins with," said Belle. . "You'll find more than you want In my work-basket, Walter," said my mother, I was a little excited, and ran swiftly to the house, but Belle was at my heels running ns fast as I. But I did not know this, till I was "l the dining-room with my lihnd upon the work-basket, and then the little girl stood close" beside me. I took out a bundle of tape nnd a pair of scissors and ran with Belle to the pond, at whose rail my father and the ladles were -standing. - . It was no longer a pund. The gardener had been engaged for seme days In -filling it up with barrows of mould upon the surface bf which he proposed to spread a cartload of gravel. But the pe destal showed its head, and the outline of the pond lay clearly defined by the ratling and the tungled growths which" were scented by the wild-flower. \ ' My mother made me, a pnir of reins, and away we went. How happy wns that child's laugh, how fairylike her movements as "she bounded ahead of me, Imitating with the grace of a well- proportioned little girl the actions of. a restive horse. Her pule hair floated from under her lint, nnd I thought of the cloud of hair that swam at the head of the figure In the water. ''Our racings car ried us two or three times round the grounds, and then our brenthlessnoss brought us to a halt at the top of the upper . garden. There was :i short stretch of grass here, and we threw ourselves upon It. / "I like playing with you," Bhe said. "When may I. come and play, with you again?" "I'll ask mother," I nnswered. 'Do you go to Bchool?" "Do you?" \- "I am tnught at home by d governess. Item learning the piano. I was born In Australia. Do you know where Australia Is?" she asked, fastening her violet eyes upon me with a very earnest gaze. "It's In the world," I answered sheepishly. "I shall go to It when I'm a sailor." Here I heard my father calling my name,: so we Interrupted the conversation by stand ing up'and racing down to the pond. "Mamma!" cried the girl, "when may- I come again to play with this boy?" "Let her come and drink tea with him to morrow, Mrs. Stuart,"- said hiy father. "If you will send her here I promise to return her to you in satety at the hour you name." CHAPTER IV.— SCHOOL. In the oldest part of. the old .town of ; Bou- Vllle there stood, and may yet stand, a house that waB'formeiiy a monastery. It was wing ed with cloisters and faced by a large square of playground. It was walled round about, Just us the district wns ramparted, but a small portion of the wall facing the flower, gardeh had fallen, and the gap was replaced by a hedge. Though the house had been modernised, fill ed with bedrooms and eating-room, In' which pale boys and cherry-cheeked boys sat In rowB, and dined or studied, a more than mon astic shadow hung upon the place to the eye that surveyed It from the outBtde. The clois ters had been converted Into rooms In which fencing was taught", and box ing. The loud call or laugh of the boys might in the colour of the day put the .austere spectres of the monks to flight, but they returned at nightfall. Boys had seen them standing In the doorways of the clois ters; others on peering through bedroom win dows had beheld mysterious shapes moving In the deep gloom under the tall trees where the crows hung their nests, and these boys had crept back to bed, and their whispers confessed what their perspiration confirmed. This ancient monastic dwelling was now a boarding- school for young English gentle men, kept by two parsons; one u stooped, short, rather fat man whose boots creaked, and who was very proud of his white hands, and who, so It was said, was a first-class Greek and Latin scholar. His name was the Reverend Edward Cheshire; the other was the Reverend William Dodson. Mr. Dodson held the lion's share in the school, occupied the house, and was a bachelor; he kept a housekeeper, a little, hard, restless woman of about fifty-five, whose eyes snap ped between the bunches of ringlets which stood blown up over each ear in caullfiower- wig fashion. Dodson, unllko Cheshire, was a tall man, a pink man; he should have been an Albino; his eye- lashes were white, his whiskers a very pale ginger, his yellow hair as silky ns a baby's. To this sohool I was one day dragged. I do not mean to £ay that I wns hauled by Btrong men through the streets, but the heart that lay In me was so dreadfully heavy that my legs almost refused to carry It, and I staggered along by my mother's side, often baying, "I don't want to go to school. Why don't father send mo to sea? I want to be a suitor, not a bcust of a schoolboy." And tne sliuddder of an inward fit of blubbering would wrench me.. My lugguge had preceded me. We arriv ed at the great gate-; my mother pulled a long chain, and a hollow-toned bell rang slowly, and was still ringing In funeral beats, when a man with knock-knees threw open tho lit tle door In the gate, and wo entered. "" We were shown into tho drawing-room. A schoolmaster's drawing-room Is a Bevere scene of life to a little boy. There are too many books; they are too handsomely bound; thoy suggest the prizes won by hoys at the ccst of many pangs of the (lesh, and left by will to the master by the lads who had dtod, This was a very new drawing-room. The chairs looked never to be sat upon. . A smell of sherry pervaded -the-, atmosphere." We waited in silence, both being too much awed to converse. In nbout five minutes Mr. Dodson came; from tho schoolroom, very plnlcand tall, and- hard. -> r- . "So this Is our young friend," said he, ex-; tending his hand to me. "Master Longmore, I think.". "Shake hands, "Walter," said my mother. I staggered , very 'awkwardly and walked In a one-sided way up to him, lifting a stiff arm. He Just touched my hand, .and then isald with alarming familiarity: I "Now, Longmore, run Into the playground, ;mid amuse yourself- with- the swing until school Is over, whilst your mother and I: have; a few -words." , I made a great outcry when 11 came to my i mother taking me In her . arms, and saying ;good-bye. . We had never before been sepa- . rated. I blubbered with, all my might, re- solvfed that the schoolmaster should compre hend the" extent of my sufferings. He cried out; "What! Is It possible that a young Eng lish lad; of spirit should not like a little girl In the presence of his mother? Would you ;bo tied to your mother's apron-stringB all -your life?" : I thought In my heart, yes, I would, then. He took me by the arm, led me to the house ,door, arid told me to run away Into that play- ' ground -yonder, past the Iron railing, and he 'advised , me not to let the boys see what a girl I'was making of myself. , ' I hung about like a marooned sailor till a clock struck four. This was Immediately fol lowed .by a sound ns though they- were firing ; volleys of musketry In the schoolroom. . The voices of boys talking freely humm.ed richly Into the air, and then In thunder down the ;stalrcnse rolled with whistle, shriek and shout, a long stream of hoys of all sizes, and 'different ns they were numerous, saving two- .'boys, who were twins, fat . nnd slugglsli, -looking as though they were twenty-five years (ok);' though thoy were not fourteen; so "ah- istirdly ;allke that the head of one was often 'punched In mistake for that of the other, and '.I have known one of them get out of a dlfll- 'culty by saying that his brother did It. . It :was Idle for the brother to protest. The mas- jter could, not distinguish. Somebody must !be whipped, and ns one twin was slightly fat- ;ter than his brother, he usually got the stripes ; whether he wns guilty or not, so tempting Is ;roundness, and what Squeers called olllness, ;to schoolmasters.. The boys covered the ground with running, u-ushlng, leaping, flying figures. They split the air with their throats. A smooth-facod man of the complexion of tallow, lils hair ' combed behind his ears, and his .blue brows shaved into a suggestion of lofty Intellect, : came up and asked In broken. English , who I .was; I told him. "Rm one of the French masters," said he, speaking kindly. "Are you fresh from Eng- land?" " - "No. I aren't," I replied. "Nothing to be ashamed of If you were." snid he; "and it Is necessary that you should address me as 'sir,' and say- 'sir? to the other masters." . v . "I ain't a Frenchman," said I, determined to have this matter put right. "Do you dislike <the French?" asked this master, squinting, through some defeot ' of nerve, whilst he smiled. '"They don't fight fair," I replied. "They kick you on the shins, and run away if you give' them a bloody nose, and. they throw stones." ... He laughed at this with much good-nature, and, then, calling to a boy, said: . ' "Rawdon, take this new boy, and play with him. Show him the cloisters, and run him about to dry his eyes, for he's an English boy." The. sarcasm was lost, and he walked off. After, this' I have no very clear 'recollection of .what -became of lhe. . I "may have, played with 'Rawdon, A lad ran away with my cap. -I gave chase, and .hit him on the head, and by other tokens made him understand I desired to fight him. : "Take your dirty cap," says lie, dinging it at me,, nnd he shot off. My spirited conduct oh this occasion was not' lost. Certain senior boys had observed what passed, and. though nothing was- said. I knew afterwards I lmd produced a favourable impression. At half-past four somebody rang a bell — I believe it was the. -knock-Kneed man- and we passed in, a cloud of boys, out of the play ground "Into the room where the meals were served. ' This room was as ancient as ahy (other part of the building. It wa's lofty; and Jlorig, and was. furnished with three tables and benches and a rather shorter table cross wise at the bottom. At Intervals, like the large iron nuts which keep a ship's chnln- pla-tes fixed, were trenchers of half loaves of bread cut into bread and butter, then 're-, shaped into the original half-loaf with the crust on top. We trooped In and took, our seats, und n gnllant show of boys we made — lemon-haired, black-haired, brown-haired, all tr.ue blue. Even my young, heart leapt up at the sight of mjt country's children. How- different the gentlemanly, well-bred English schoolboy from the French boy, no. matter how well-bred and gentlemanly! No talking was allowed. At the head and foot of each table sat" a' master, who was served with a eup of ,tea, and 'an egg as a relish to his bread and butter. To us boys was handed by the knock-kneed man a mug of liquor resembling milk and water. ' I found myself sitting beside young Raw don. I was about to begin, and stretched forth my hand to seize the crust that crowned the half-loaf In front of me: Rawdon seized ray -arm, and said' In a whisper: "You must not begin until after grace, and till you're told to." He was about ten years of age, was this young Rawdon. His hair was gulden, and no ,handsbmer or more refined boy -Hi any British mother of breeding hug to her heart. A lad opposite made menacing faces nt me. 1 did not know till afterwards . that he meant I should not snatch at the crust, whlcli was the choice prize and eager expectation of every boy .who had not the toothache Mr. Dcdson came In and said grace at the cross-table. He", was much too thankful, T thought. I linked In vain for Jam, buns, any "addition or supplement to -those grim hillocks of bread and butter. Why did he' take so long to be thankful for half a mugful ul' thin milk and water and -the sliced leaves, more partieu- lerly. as lie did not participate In the feast, but walked out after a shrlll' general delivery of - "Amen," that closed, perhaps not with conviction, his windy periods! "Begin!" shputed the master, who taught EngllBh. He was an Irishman, named O'Con nor; a poor dingy man, who had taken high honours at Dublin University, had filled good posts In England, had been forced to fly through- debt; and now, with maturer sight, I can see poverty and grief, and an inward rage of heart In his face, and his face also spoke eloquently of the demon of drink, which for years had found a bed In his liver. God rest him! (10 be continued.) 