THE- PEDDLERS' PACK. 'Itain't a very pleasaut story,' said tho . landlord of the Long Pack, 44 but I like to tell it sometimes just to remind myself that the worst thing a man can have in this world is a hot, obstiuato temper. | ' You see, I came to this coast soon after the gold fever broke out aud settled dowu in the Santa Baihara valley, below hern, ranching. 1 was a widower even tLeo, and had brought with me from tho States my ouly child, a daughter past 17. She was a pretty girl, if 1 do say it, aud being as good us pretty you can imagine I was quite wrapped up in her. ? Of course, I was anxious to keep her with me, apd if not that at least I looked for her to do something hotter than fall in love with a peddler.' 44 And aid she.' 41 Yes. You see, in those days the couutry was full of young fellows who bad struck out for themselves and were trying to get a stait by currying knickktmi k« around from one mining camp to another. Some of them were lively chaps enough and well educated, but I was fresh from tho States, with all the eastern prejudices, aud it almost drove mo wild when Nellie told me she wanted to marry a young fellow who brought his pack through our dUtrict a good desl oftener than the trade seemed to require. I was a hot tempered fool in thofo days, so I stormed, threatened, locked Nellie up for u week aud scut word to her lover that 1 had loaded my gun for wild cats and peddlers.' 44 What did Nelle do ?' 44 You might have guessed it. One day when I cumo Wick from a cattle sale sho was missiog. I chased her a couple of days, but they had taken to tho woods, aud it was of no use. | After awhile I got a letter from .Frisco* and 1 wrote back saying that 1 bad disowned her, and that he had better keep out of the lunge oi my rifle.' Mt\ a nil i\n Vhnn ?' 44 Suffered, mister, just suffered. I knew I was wrong, but I'd havo died rather than give in. For five years I lived like a toad iu a rock, hating the whole world. All the pleasure I bnd was in watchiug for peddlers. The number 1 ch«sed off the ranch during that lime would i.stonish you. 44 Oue eveuing after a terrible raiustorm a 1 peddler came to my houee and asked for a shelter for the night He was a. thin, we»k j looking fellow, with his face covered with a huge*, rugged heard. He carried on bis buck an | enormously loDg and heavy pack and seemed so exhausted with his tramp through the mire that l titdtvt uie uearc to ao more turn oruer Dim off tho place.' 14 That was pretty hard,' said tho listener. 44 I suppose it was. Tho piddler seemed all broke up when he found I wouldn't even give him a bunch of straw iu the stable, and uo oilier house within twelve mile*. Instead of eomplainiog, howover, he merely begged thai 1 would let him leave bis pack, which he said contained goods of value, uuder shelter from the rain. I finally couseuteo to this. So, us 1 ! had sworn none* of his trade should ever cross i my threshold, I carried his puck iusi le, wh:h I its owner limped off to crawl under some bus* I or other.' : 44 Didn't you feel mean ?' 41 Yes, meau and bitter at the same time, I for something about the mun jeminded me of Aeiui s nusoami a ucue. nowever, j iockoh and barred all tho doors and windows as usual, tor some road agents had been arouud, those parts about that time aud had stopped and. robbed several ranchers, and, as 1 told you, I was all alone. Somehow I eouldu't go to sleep when after that I went to bed. After tossing arouud for awhilo 1 got up and sat by the fire, hroodiug over my trouble aud trying not to think of the poor chap sbirering out there in , the cold und rain somewhere. 1 looked at his ! puelc sitting up iu the room aod wondered what made it so long. 44 As I watched it, I fancied I saw it move.' 44 Saw it move ?' | 41 Exactly. 1 wouldn't believe my own eyes at first, but after watching intently for awhile I 1 distinctly saw the frout of a band pressed I against the canvas from tho inside. Like a flash I then 1 understood the whole thing. The pedd | ler was one of the road ageuts' gang, aud, knowing I had considerable money about the house, thoy had adopted that plau for smug gling one of their crew inside the house. Alter I had gone to sleep the fellow inside could let in the rest and finish the job. I walked quietly across the room, took my gun from the antlers, knelt dawu a few feet from the pack, aimed square in tho centre and pulled the trigger.' 44 Go on,' murmured the listener, with a shudder. 44 But the gun didn't go off,' continued the landlord, clearing his throat. 44 The nipple was rusty aud wouldn't work, so I laid down tho riflo aud got au axe from the kitchen. It had been newly ground that day, and when I lifted it over my head 1 counted upon cleaving that pack, robber and all, clear to the ground. Just as 1 raised the ax aud braced myself for the blow 1 saw a ghost.' 44 A ghost ? ' 'Yes, sir. Tho puck opened, and I saw stick ing out of its top tho curly yellow hair of my Nellie when she was a little tot of 4. The 3hock staggertd me so that I sauk on my knees. 1 wiped my eyes and wondered if I hud uot gore cr-'zy. i was almost certain or it wljen the ghost stretched out u pair of obubby white arms and said : 44 4 How do, graudpa P ' w 44 Ah,' said the guest, with a relieved sigh, 44 1 begin to see. And what did you do then ? ' 44 1 dou't exactly know,' naid the laudlonl, softly, M but if there is anything that will beud a stiff, stubborn neck quicker thuu the arms ot a little child, I'd liko lo kuow what it is. 1 put the tirod little prisoner down by the lire, opened the door aud held out my arms ' 44 Aud the mother ? ' 44 Yes,' nodded the landlord. 14 They win? both there, and, mister, I guess that's the end of ay story.' Aud the old man wiped his eye*. 44 You must excuse me, hut that was u wet even iug, and somehow I haven't got quite diy since.' 