Christmas Numbers. The wee?: Christina number now published is admittedly tho strongest number yet issued from this office. It contains SO pages, double th9 ordinary sizo of the paper. Tho stories, most of which are illustrated, uro nine in number, their authors being a sufficient guarantee of their excellence. They includo "All the Winners," by George R. Sim: "Ghost in Brocade," liy Fergus Hume; ' "Christinas Burglar," by F. Frankfort Moore; "Christmas Ride," by Katharine Tynan: " Ghost of Lnndewarno," by Lilian QuiUcr Couch , " Oldfashioned Christmas," by Richard Marsh; " .Mistletoe Lady." by Air. H. H. Penrose. A now serial story, " Mystery of tho Dark House," by "Rita," appears in this number, several of tho opening chapters being given. Richard Marsh's "iii Fuli Cry" is continued, and a Christmas sermon, by. the Right Rev. W. Boyd . Carpenter, entitled " Double- edged Message of Christmas," is published. There is a whole page of Christmiis fun and frolic, which will make tho reader smile. All the latest news of tlio week is given, including the latest informa tion from the seat of tlie war. The paper, which i a wonderful production for 3d., may be had of ull newsagents. Tho first i>ue of 12,000 was speedily exhausted, although the demands from all parts of Queensland had not nearly been supplied. A further issue has been propurcd and is now wiling rapidly. To prevent disappointment, those who desiro to secure copies of this wonderful threepenny- worth must hurry up. Prom Mrs. George Harris, tho popular lady who conducts tho society paper flashes, wo have received a copy of her Christmas number. It consists of 9(3 bountifully printed pages in an attractive coloured cover. Tho Outridgo Printing Company havo sur passed themselves iu the production. The number contains .stories and articles by Guy Boothhy, Marie Corolii, Rev. S. Barmg Gould, Alphom>o Baudot, Mrs. S. A.'.Tooley, and other well known writers. Tlio. Queens land writers include Mrs. Addison, . Mr. W. Yaldwyu, Mr. Frank Daly, and "Air. W. Loos. The lastnamed contributes a long article on mining in Queensland." Every page is illustrated by half-toue pictures, most of which uro admirably reproduced. , Tho commercial sido of the "number" is repre sented by u wealth of attractively displayed advertisements.. Mrs. Harris and her staff may bo congratulated ou their Christmas number for 1899. ' 