Departure of Rev. E. H. Lea. RITUALISM. ??'.?:. I' A LETTER FEOM EARL BEAUOHAMP. Lost evening in the Masonic Hall a oon-, versazione was tendered to Rev. E. Howard Lea, rector of St. Barnabas' Ohuroh, South Bathurst, prior to his departure for England on a twelve months' . visit. There' .was ?. &' large attendance, and all appeared to enjq& the programme submitted. ? ? u.w '-.. After several apologies hod been read hig Lordship Bishop Oamidge, who presided, addressed those assembled. He said that two things were assigned him ; the first^y^' the, Chairman's address, and 'the' next was making of a ' presentation. In the' . fi,r&fc; place they were assembled to do honor to the inoumbent, or-, rather the rector, of St. Bama,bas' Ohuroh, and to ex press their appreciation of his services during nearly four years; and likewise to wish him every happiness in his journey, and to hope that it would not be a very long period before he returned to carry on a work whioh he had been so successful* inoarryingoninSouth Bathurst. (Applause.) Now, he judged by the gathering that even ing, and likewise by the presentations that were about to be made, that their opinion of Mr. Lea was of the most favorable possible character. (Applause.) But it was not everyone who agreed to the clergyman. ? He remembered that Ids highly esteemed friend,, the late Arohbishop of York, had stated to him that on one occasion he was walking about the country and while he was walking about he saw a small boy busily manipulating what those present would coll mud pies. He went up to the boy and said, 'What are you doing.^ He said, 'I am busy building a Ohuroh.' After, explaining to the Archbishop the different things which he had made, the former remarked that there was something wanting yet. ' Where is the parson,' asked the Archbishop ; 'Oh,' said the small boy, 'it takes a heap of muck to make a parson.' (Laughter.) He did not, however, think that that was their opinion about Mr. Lea. He looked upon the present oooasion as a great triumph for the members of the Ohuroh of England. It went to show that they were all carrying out sxaotlv what he hod said at the beginning of: his annual charge. If the Ohuroh of Eng land was properly represented and thoroughly understood it would be a great power every where. (Applause.) Now, good work bad boon done in connection with St. Barnabas1 Church ; he would not mention any names be cause he did not wish to be invidious, yet comparisons might be mode. The good work did not begin, with Mr. Lea ; others, had carried it studiously on before him, but it was reserved for Mr. Lea to put a crown upon the edifice, and to bring this great work of the Ohuroh, up to the. present time, to a satisfactory position. (Applause.) But how had this been done ? In the first place he hod worked very hard ; they should, all re cognise work. Personally, he (the speaker) was a great believer in work, and he did not oare for 'sun-downers,' nor did he care for ' loafers.' If they worked with their hands or their brains, the proper way to do it was to carry it out in an intelligent : fashion. Work, they must remember, to be successful, mustbe united work.'The work of S.Barnabas' Ohuroh had been successfully carried out by united efforts, and he trusted that in the future something more, still would be accom plished. But besides all this they must re member that in connection with their work they must always, especially in Ohuroh work, fully comprehend the nature of the work to be done ; in fact, they must know all about their Ohuroh. Now, the great difficulty ho had to encounter as Bishop, the great difficulty the Ohurch had to encounter, and a great number of their clergy had to en counter, was the absolute ignorance of .a large number of people ; they had no higher conception of the Ohurch than he supposed that individual who strongly objeoted to Bishops in England.- When asked why he. objected he said': ' Why,' said he, ' Don't you know I pay. a shilling taxes? A- penny goes to the army, a penny goes to the navy, and then the other lOd goes to. those Bishops.' (Laughter.) : When he. visited St. Barnabas' Ohuroh he could say that he found no more reverent congregation throughout the length 'arid breadth of ? the diocese than was to be found : there. (Ap plause.) It was not always so. But they^ were now true and loyal members of- ,-the^ Ohuroh of . England, and they had become intelligent members of the Ohuroh ' of Eng land. (Applause. ) He believed that they, really aid feel the strongest attachment to that grand old Ohuroh. (Applause.) He felt certain they were all willing to work, to, heartily co-operate, in every sense of the term, for the promotion of the wel fare of that Ohuroh; and that- was the reason why they had suoh a successful parish; that was the reason the parish of St. Barnabas' held suoh an important position in the diocese. They were loyal members of the Ohurch and were anxious to carry out anything whioh Would be for its benefit. By their actions their love was not a thing merely in name, but it was a thing in deed and in truth. He hoped that as time went on things would continue to he prosperous among them. He did not want to pass any high eulogium upon Mr. Lea, as he was aware that it was one of those things whioh were absolutely distasteful to him. Ho would say, without praising him at all, that he hod done his work truly, and had mode intelligent and loyal members of the ? Ohuroh of Eng (Applause.) And all he ' (his Lord ship) asked them now to do was to^oarry on that good work during his absence; and to give him, on his return, the same hearty ap preciation as they had done hitherto. (Applause.) Ho did ? hope and pray that 'this loyalty and' love to the Ohuroh would go on and prosper, and that they, would have no fear whatsoever for the future of that grand old Ohuroh. Now and thon thoy hod been disturbed by cortain things passing on around them. He' had read that night a certain telegram in the papors of a. division in the Houso of Commons. That division he agreed with. He hold that ifa clorgyman could not be loyal to his Prayer Book, and could not be loyal to his Bishop, in the nature of things tho Bishop has the cannonical right to say that he has no right to bo reckoned as a clergyman of the Ohuroh of England. (Applause.) His friend Mr. Lea was loyal ; ho has a love of the Ohuroh, was loyal to the Prayer Book, and to his Bishop. (Applause.) So long R| he kept wHtin these regulations ?ti .* no fault could be found with him. It was owing to the ignorance prevailing in. some parts of the country that misconceptions were formed about the Ohurch. Some mien spoke about High Churchmen and ritualistic J practices, and yet they themselves knew nothing about the Church at all. There were very few clergymen of the Ohuroh of England who were not loyal. And it would not 'be very long before they would see that the prediction he had made some time ago would prove to be entirely and absolutely true. ' These little difficulties with their Ohurch would make the Ohurch stronger than ever it had been before ; and it would snake their people study her history, and believe in her ; and when this little crisis had passed away they would then have a true knowledge of their Ohurch, and they could then all better look forward to a greater and more glorious future. (Applause.) Only that morning he had reoeived a letter from their future Governor on the subject. He had written to him congratulating him upon his appointment. It ran as follows: — 'I am very grateful for the kind words of wel come whioh you addressed to me on my_ ap pointment. I shall indeed feel it a privilege if lam able to, oo-operate with' the other members for the good of the Ohurch of Eng land. ' The orisis through which we are now passing at home bids fair to end happily. Bbauohamp.' He ventured to say that the orisis through whioh the Ohurch of Eng land was passing, would, under God's good providence, end happily. (Applause.) He belioved that their great Ohuroh' was under the guidance of the Supreme God. He believed that, she is the true Ohurch whioh emphatically teaches the aims of the Saviour and Lord Jesus Ohrist. She is the Ohuroh whioh, when suddenly stirred, callB up the mighty in fluences of God the Holy Spirit. The Ohuroh went forth proclaiming the faith of the Blessed Trinity hi the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy .Ghost. Al though ever and anon olouds may gather about her in the* end she was bound to come out triumphant, carrying out the work whioh was destined for her m the centuries to oome. (Loud applause.) ' : Rev. Canon Young spoke in eulogistic terms of the Rev. E. H. Lea, and trusted that he would have a most enjoyable trip, after whioh he would again return to St. Barnabas' Ohuroh and take up his duties with renewed vigor. (Applause) ? .-' ? His Lordship then presented Mr. Lea with a purse of sovereigns, the gift of the parishioners of St. Barnabas' Ohuroh, South Bathurst. The parish of St. Barnabas' was largely composed of working men, and he would say .they had done, splendidly in presenting Mr. Lea with a . purse of sovereigns. He had the greatest possible pleasure in presenting Mr. Lea with a purse of sovereigns. (Applause.) Mr. A. MoGuinness, senr., on behalf of the ladies of the Wording Party of St. Barnabas' Ohuroh, presented Mr. Lea with a serviceable travelling rug. ? . '_ Mr. A. MoGuinness, junr., on behalf of the members of St. Barnabas' Bible Olass, pre sented 1 Mr. Lea with a travelling bag. Mr. A. Humphries (one of the Bible Olass), thanked Mr. Lea for the great interest he had always manifested in the class. The Rev. E. H. Lea said he would make a few remarks about the post and a few short references to the future. Four years ago next June he had the pleasure of standing on the same platform, the occasion being a public welcome to the rector of South Bathurst.' On that oocasion he had held up a half -penny as a token that during his work as Reotor of St. Barnabas' Ohuroh he would have absolutely nothing to do with tho finances of that parish.. He had kept his word. He trusted the people with the financial work ; their part was the financial part, and he : trusted them absolutely. The result of that trust has been ? that the people of St. Barnabas' and their friends have raised from May, 1895, to April, 1899, the sum of £1688. (Loud applause.) _ Of that sum £882 were raised lost year, £258 going to the expenses of the Ohuroh. During last year there were 670 services ; 697 communions, and 888 addresses. He would say .in the presence of them all that he hod been much touched with the kind .1 things that hod been said about hhn ; but the work that had been done was not his work, it was God's work. His hand hod touched their hearts ; God had bo gun the work, andHewould carry it on. He had not the slightest doubt about that work in the future. He regretted that his locum tenens was not able to be present that even ing. \ The work in the parish ' hod not been the work of two hands or one brain ; it had been the work of a parish,— the work of men and women. (Applause) He thanked them very much for the wonderful sympathy they ?had shown him ; the men had given him the strength and the women also had given him the strength. These finer touches mode life worth living ; these finer touches turned sad ness into joy. He. thanked them' for their loyal co- operation, and promised that he would return about Easter time.' He would come back, he hoped, with a new lease of life, and he- would endeavor to carry on the work of the parish from strength to strength, and carry it unto the perfection the- Lord Jesus Ohrist desired. (Applause.) Rev. Spencer Oakes (Kelso), added his meed of praise to the departing clergyman's merits, and, in conclusion, trusted that his trip would be fraught with pleasure. , During the evening the following pro gramme of vocal and instrumental inusio was submitted, and, needless to remark, was greatly appreciated : — Selection, 'Patrol 'March,' orchestra ; song, Mr. 0. y. Naylor ; part song, 'J3bftly Falls,'.' choir : song, 'My Dearest* Heart,'- Miss Taylor; song, Mr. W. M. Lewis ; song, Mr. 0.' Toovey; song, Master 0. Lark; violin solo, Miss Newman; part song, '0 Hush Thee,' choir; selection, ' H Trovatore,' orchestra.. An efficient orchestra, composed of the following musicians, rendered valuable assistance: — First violins: Miss B. New .man, andllr. E.. Devison ; second violins : Misses G. Soage and Naylor, and Messrs. J. 0\. Liberty, and A. Humphries ;' viola,' Mi1. A. J. Dowse ; cornet, Mr. 0. Toovey ; euphonium, Mr. Appleby ; . 'cello, Miss Dowse ; double bass, Mr. Fuller. Mr. W. 0. Naylor, as onoirmaster and accompanist, did efficient work. Mr. J. T. Hixon is deserving of- a word of eulogy for tho manner in whioh he carried out the arrangements of the entertainment. 