Extraordinary Credulity. A NEW SECT IN AMERICA. (From The Argus Correspondent.) NEW YORK, Sept. 1. Mountebanks appealing to the credulity of the ignorant in the name of religion are al ways with us. This year the most success- ful and notorious of these is a man who calls himself the Rev. Frank W. Sandford, Who has organised an association to which he has given the name of The Holy Ghost and Us Society, and winch has just held a session of eight days on a hill in the State of Maine, Sandford appeared on this lull ihroo years ago, with a spade in his hands, and began to dig, saying that ho Had been commanded by God to erect a temple there, and revolu tionise tho religions of the world. His zeal .was infectious, and those who came to scoff remained to assist. More than 200 men from the adjacent farming districts joined him in the work without pay. Every day he prayed for money, and soon it began to roll in, f<ir tho deluded agriculturists sold their farms and gave him,the proceeds, and contributions carao from .others. One far mer sold aU he had, except a herd of hogs. These he killed, and buried, because Sand ford regarded them as unclean animals, and would not receive the value of them in cosh. With the contributions of the last throe years- Sandford has created a /'Temple of Truth,” consisting of four' buildings, enclosing a court, cud has expended more than 100,000 dol. on thorn. At fire beginning of the re cent convention he remarked that 20,000 dol. was needed. He prayed for that sum, and immediately afterwards exhibited tlmmoney, asserting, that it had been sent to him from the Almighty. The society has now about 3000 members. Sandford baptised many newcomers during tho convention, plunging them into river, while his followers on tho banks shouted "Hallelujah.” In his public addresses ho predicts that England and America will soon, unite to subdue the whole world with fire and sword. Atthc close of the convention ho sailed for England, pro mising to bring back n largo sum of money. Probably ho will return, for there is much more money to he drawn from the credulous for the support of his projects. The society’s property was left in charge of loyal assis tants, or confederates. 