BbOKY BITS. & i The Pall Mall Magazine has com \- missioned critic William Archer to go to the United. States and write up the stage there in a Short series of articles. Edward Spencer, better known as 'Nathaniel Gubbins,f his pen name, is turning out a book called 'The Plow ing Bowl,' dealing with all,,sorts of drinks in a reminiscent anecdotal sort of way. Phil May is to cover-design it. A London daily is projecting the publication of the 'Best Hundred , Nov,els' on the instalment principle. Th« selection of the ' Best5 has been arrived at jointly by Sir Walter Besant, H. D. Traill, and W. L. Courtney, and curiosity is evinced in literary London as to the admittances , and omissions in the hundred. Clement Scott has completed his autobiography, and Macmillans will publish it early. Publisher William Heinemann was married on February 20 to Donna Madge Stuart Sindici, at St. Antonio's Church, Anxio, near Rome The lady is known to English readers by her pen name, ' Kassandra Vivaria.' The degree of LL D. is to be con ferred on , Edmund Gosse by St. Andrew's University for his services to literature in the department of criticism Mr. E, Henley is to succeed A. T Quiller Couch on the Pall Mall Magazine in the writin < of the 4 Causerie.' The English edition of 4 M r. Dooley in Peace or War' is to be published immediately. It is the work of Peter Dunne, the new American humorist, whose book has been booming all over America. John Kendrick Bangs has been made editor of Ameri an Literature. He has been engaged in reviewing for Harper's for some time, and this new appointment seems to suggest a bigger field for the smart humorist. «The 4 Religion of Shakespeare ' is the title of a work to issue shortly from the pen of Father Sebastian Bowden, of the Brompton Oratory, and will be published by Messrs. Burns «fc Oats. (There's nothing local in this reference.) Clement Shorter will contribute an i article to the Contemporary Review for April on 4 Illustrated Journalism : Its Past and Its Future.' A London scr»be reviewing Morley Roberts's new novel, 4A Son of the Empire,' stated that the author had outlined Lord Wolseley in his work, but the publishers promptly wrote back that 4 the author has not at. tempted any portrait of Lord Wolseley, but that he had in his mind the late Sir Richard and Lady Burton in the presentation of two of his principal characters.' *A bit of a difference. i ' s CI ment Shorter thinks that while Kipling is holding the larger public, and while his books are selling better than ever, he is losing ground in dis tinctly literary circles. Anonymous reviews are on the fade in some London journals. Morning Post now has its reviews signed by the writer. It not known whether the proprietors provide the reviewers with suits of 4 mail' to meet angry authors. 4 Golden Girl' Le Galliene on Robert Buchanan—4 He has always been master of a very strong-winged aerial singing, a singing like fairy bells shaken unseen in a morning sky, very, delicate and elusive, air-fed and dew. fed, and yet with a remarkable power of sustaining itself through long drawn, intricate, and poignant melodies.' A monument to Guy de Maupassant is to be erected at Rouen The monument to this brilliant short story writer will stand in the Solferino Garden, where one to Flaubert has already been erected. William Le Queux s 4 Day of Temp tation ' has been very successful, and a second impression is announced. His 4 Veiled Man' is about due from his publishers. G B Burgin's c Hermits of Gray's Inn' is out. A readable story, telling how six schoolfellows swear to live a life of celibacy and very soon see the error of their ways. 4 Dods' Benson has another novel ready for publication. It is called 4 The Capsina,' and deals with the Greek War of Independence. George Newnes, Limited, are going to issue a new sixpenny monthly for boys. It will bear the title of Captain. Way College Boomerang is to hand. E. W. Hornung's latest is 4 The LAmateur Cracksman.' It deals with the escapades of an amateur house breaker, who has a pretty rough time in furthering 4 the gentle art of burgling..' An illustrated work on 4 The Early Mountaineers, is promised by Fisher Unwin. It is by Francis Gribble, and covers the, history of climbing in the Alps, Pyrenees, and the Appenines from the time of the Norman Conquest to the beginning of the present cen tury. Another book from the same t ublisher is also announced, containing the climbing reminiscences of W. Norman Neruda, the son of Lady Hall6, who was killed recently whilst he was ascending one of the Dolomite Peaks. In the preface to his new collection of short stories, entitled 4 Children, Racehorses, and Ghosts,' which Messrs. Duckworth & Co. will publish this week* Mr. Edward H. Cooper,. the author, narrates how he submitted • i * ' his first story, 4 In this World or the Next' (which is included in the volume) to the late Mrs. Lynn Linton for criticism. 1 She disapproved warmly. 4 You have made an E nglish man afraid -/jipf ^wo com mon footpads I' she said' indignantly. 4 No body conld rp6^|ibly admire such a story. Make your hero afraid of his supernatural companion if you like, but not of the others. If you take my advice you will never in your stories make an Englishman afraid of anything.' Mr. Cooper says that Mrs. Lynn Linton herself feared nothing, 'from the devil and public opinion down to the measles.' The Baroness Elise von Hohen hausen, who died in Berlin a few days ago, aged 87, came of a good literary, stock. Her parents each en joyed a good literary reputation, and she herself was brought up on the best English literature While still yoing the Baroness translated into German Young's ' Night Thoughts,' and later Longfellow's «Golden Legend.' There is in existence a long series of novels and romances from the Baroness's own pen. Many good peop'e, says Weekly Sun, will be glad to have it on the authority of Mr. Fisher Unwin that «Sarcasm does not effect the popularity of books dealing with love, for the simple reason that it sarcasmj is the most interesting thing in the world.' This sapient remark appears to have been drawn from its author by the fact that ' when the Rev. E. J. Hardy dedicated to this subject a book en titled "The Love Affairs of Some Famous Men " even the most sarcastic of reviewers (a misogynist, perhaps; who knows ?)—who, indeed; Mr. Fisher Unwin—was constrained to cry 'Run away, little -book, to give pleasure to thousands of the British public." Tue book did runaway ran away, indeed, to the extent of a whole edition, and a second has been called for.' Price, 3s. 6d. 'Thomas Moore Anecdotes' is the title of the first volume of a series of biographies, autobiographies and journals which Messrs. Jan old and Sons will publish unler the title of ' The Raconteur Series.' The first book, edited by Mr. Mr. Wilmott Harrison, contains an introduction by Dr Garnett, who. deprecates the pre sent total neglect of Moore. Mr. W. C. Rigby has forwarded to Quiz the March number of the Windsor Magazine. It is bright and entertaining as usual. Kipling con tinues bis schoolboy story, 'Stalky and Co.,' and S. R. Crockett ' Joan of the Sword.' The 'Australian Ab original at Home' is treated by Rudolph Ireton with accompanying sketches, and there is much other diversified reading to interest the purchaser. The third number of the Book fellow has come our way. This literary colt is getting very much on the • big' side, and the price is raised to the nimble threepenny. It is readable, gossipy, and artistic from cover to cover, and contains mucn to interest booky people. Chris Brennan writes a scholarly article on 'The Ne*er French Poetry,' and there are mapy other bright features. The Bookfellow is published by the Bulletin Company. 