LEXICOGRAPHY. THE LATEST TIliUAIPiL WERSTER'S DICTIONARY. QUITE UP TO DATE. By DR LEKPKIL \\\ebsteris Dictlomiry has now been known to the English-speaking world for seventy years. 'Those yesirs have been a time of iiiie;xam|>Ic(I progn-ss In every department of rescareli. Iu none has there lx?(;n more striking improvement than in lexicography. The portly "Inter national," which is now becoming!! fami liar object In ninny Mcllxjiirnc liouser- holds, presents the; same kind of contrast to tin? original Webster us, say, the new- <"d P. and O. finer to Captain Cook's Endeavour. Webster bus passehl through Jiiuny editions since; it was first brought out by subscription in 1N2.S. Each edi tion lias marked an linporiunt stage in bringing the work to that degree of per fection which lias now been attained. The; year 1.S5!» witnessed a notable de- volopinent in btxleogniphy. Webster then nppenred for the; first Ume; with pictorial Illustrations. This -new fea ture, due to Ame;rlc:in inventlvein-ss, Ims now been adopted in almost all the larger English diet loiinrics. Webster has gone on gsdulug steadily in size, utility, and accuracy. Tin; additions te» our language; within the last seventy years, owing to tin- growth of tlie arts and selences, bsive; been prodigious, but Webster's diag-neL bits eaught and selzesl the new teims almost as sooit as born. We; tine in hs page's such recent crea- tions as appendicitis, criminology, grip- limn, hexntcueh. Pasteurize, inegalo- niania, reriiograph, and that, ugly word of Transatlantic origin, electrocute. JIow completely the uim of lexicography has altered within this century! Johnson und his immediate .siu ecssors held tlmt' technical and scientific terms had no claim to a place; lu a lexhim for general renders; but science has so dominated Uie, life, tlio thought, and the Hicntiiira of to- day, that only u simpleton Mould- at tempt to make or sell u dictionary which excluded technical terms., Ijiejeed It Is for these; that nowadays wo'inake most frequent resort to our dictionaries. A huge advance h_as boon made; within those; seventy'' ye-ars lii tlie department of etymology.' The dictionary first 'ap peared just live; years be;fom Ihipp published his eK>eh- ma!;- ing comparative.' grammar. Till then comparative philology was in Us Infancy. Perhaps It would he truer to say that It was not even horn. In those; earlier days Voltaire's sarcastic principle of derivation, that "ihe venvels count for nothing and tin; consonants for very little;," was practically. If not avowedly, ncce;ptcd by scholars. Hut etymology can now almost be reckoned among the- exact sele;aei>s. (Joe of the; first principles impressed to-day upon the young student of linguistics is thai to a phonetic law there can be; no excep tion. Tlie e;tymoleigy of tin; new Web ster kea'ps puce with tin; lime. 11 lias he-'ca most ably treated by distinguished e;xp(;i'ls iu philology, including Professor Whitney, of Harvard, and Professor Flek, of Gotilngen. No feature In a ilielionary Is more im portant than e;xact!iess of explanation; but, as Dr Johnson complains, there la u pciMifiur difficulty in interpreting lan guage by itself. No" word precisely ex presses tlie Idea of another, and simple Ideas often defy definition. Grimm's great German dictionary "sometimes re sorts to. the use. of J-aUu and other languages limn German In striving after more accurate definition. Webster's definitions of . words belonging to Hie various sciences have been prepared by eminent ex|Hrts, ami fire models of terseness and luci dity combined. Many of the defini tions given hi dictionaries, mid even hi standard treatise, by specialists lu philosophy and sedemce arc nuieli worse than useless. What could be; more fan tastically Imwlldcring than Herbert Hpimrrer'b definition of life? "Life Is tlie definite; combination of heterogeneous .change, both slniiillaneoUH and » suc- ce'sslve, hi correspondence wllh external cesexlstei ei's ami sequences." This Is, indeed, to define "ignoluiti per Igiiotlus.- Much more hitelllglble -anel "hush litss-Hke' Is Webster's eleiinitioii, "The; potential principle or force; by which the organs of animals aud plants are started und 'continued in tin; performance; of their several ami e.an-ope;rallvn func tions." In llu; selcealon of literary nuthorltfe;s for the various uses of each word, Web- sier is entirely saiisiaciory. ine illus trative (|iiotuUor.s an; necessarily less immfa-ons tlian hi the; larger dictionaries, such as the "Encyclopaedic," und "Cen tury," and "Richardson;" hut they are adequate lu number and admirably chosem. A dictionary absolutely free; from error may he; pronounced an Impossibility; but It is perhaps not ine much lo say that all that lit, man skill und care <;ou!d do to ensure correctness lias been done in Webster. To test the; euro witli which i cvlslon has been carries! out in this latest edition, suppose we lake some technical terms of English sport. Cricket Is not an- Ameri can game, aud some little "weak ness in flu; field" of crielmt would not have bee;U surprising lu an Ameri can hook. The; slips in which we catch (to keep the; language of a crlckety (lav- our) the; earlier editions of Webster would seem comical to a Melbourne siduiolboy. "!,eg," for example, was ex plained us "to strike In the; leg; ustul lu cricket." Wicket-keeper, again, was de- lined as "the player In rrlckcl who stands with a but to prulcct the wle;kel from the bull." Loagslop would hurelly have; recognised himself uuder the de scription of "one who Is to stop balls sent a long distance." 1 hasten to reas sure the .Melbourne reader. All these terms have iu the new Webster eleljuF Hons which would satlsy "Felix" or "Did Ci'lekeler" himself. . - Errors like; those instanced seem lill tin; funnier, perhaps, because conscious Jocularity seldom make's hs way nowa days Into u ilielionary. The modern sci entific spirit would not toh'nite; such a tiling. Wihster will not yield many Jests. t)f course tills is epiite; us it should be?, although the only thing lu Johnson's dic tionary iiiat the world now remembers is lis sarcasms. They have become a part of literature, and will be always relish ed. Everyone; knows how Johnson de fined outs as the; food of horse's in Eng land ami of men In Scotland. Less fa- mllltir, perhaps, Is Dr Guthrie's witty re tort, that tills explahiinl (he superiority of Ihe horses in England and of the iiicu lu Scotland. Eauallv well known is John- son's definition of "excise," aud also the; stir which It causiHt. Air Alurray (later Lord Mansfield), when consulted uliout It. wrote: "1 am of opinion thai it Is a Html," utul the doctor omitted the more offensive; words from Ids next edition, under threat of prosecution. In the same edition, curiously enough, lie inserted un der the word "alias" something slili more personally offensive, giving as mi Illus tration ".Mallet alias Atalloch," an unkind Kurcjism on a certain Air Mallei, who had thus changed Ids mime; some years lie- fore. The famous 'Talent Pocket Dic tionary" of James mid llonieo Smith is the only dictionary that ever seriously set Itself to bo funny. Witness Its dotlnl- tlon df "bait." as "one animal Impaled upon n hook In order to torture; a second/ for tno amusement, of a'thlrel," and "ca pers" as "a remedy for boiled mutton and low spirits," and Hie suggestive eross-heailiiigs, such us "Hour, Sinull— See Wuler," or "Rtiml, tlie-Soe Noth ing?" Who would expect anything ele- llbenitely jocose iu a Greek lexicon? Yet tho oft-quoted Joke in Llddell and Heott, in which, under tlie word "sukophaulcs," tho derivation from "showing tigs" is dls- "WctiBier'a International Ilielionary of tlio KnRltah Lanntuific," boliiK tlio authentic edition of Wcbatcr'n UnubrhJRcd Dictionary, comuria- ItiR tho l«aurn of 18&I.; 1X79, and JfiSI. Now tharoushly revised and enlarged under tho BUpervlftlon of Nuah I'orter. D.D.. LLD., of IYato Unlveralty. With a voluminous appen dix. PiibiLihetl hy O. mid C. Kerrlam Co., 1KD3. E. J. Forties, general manager for Aus tralasia, 8 Spring street, Sydney; nnd 671, Collins street, Melbourne, " missed by tlie editors as "a mere fig ment," would seem to have; been Inten tional, as the; word "figment" was sub stituted for "Invention," which appeared In the earlier editions. Home years ngu, wlieu sending, the late Dean Llddell a list of corrlgcDda In the sixth edition of the Lexicon, I drew his attention to the pun, and In Uie seventh edition It disappeared. I have since felt a slight touch of re morse for having Iw.im the jmsslble cause of extinguishing the solitary my of hu mour which illumined those sombre pages. The ccipionsnejw of Wclister Is marvel lous. It was the general ednion of schol ars of the time that Webster's first edi tion was as great un Improvement upon Johnson for fulncxx of vocabulary jus Johnson had bes>n upon all wlio preccdcei him. Webster's flnOl edition ceintalneel more thaii .111.000 winl.s not to Ik; found in any similar work. Home thousands of words were; added to the se;conel edition, unel in thu issue of 18'H the editor could boast that tlie; vocabulary consisted of upwards of JU.O'JO words. How vast a range' over literature, and over the; arts ami sciences this Implies may be- partly apprehended when we minemher that the ordinary vocabulary of the man In tlie; street consists of about 1U00 words, mid that tlie; whole; vocabulary of Shake speare dews not exceed 1OJJU0. I do not find In vhu present edition any precise; staleineui of the number of words con tained; but, reckoning the; average for each column, with the number or pages, I should say that there; cannot be far slioiT of 1IP.OOO separate; words. The; Ixmk. of course, dues neit aim at being a Thesaurus or a "Lexicon lotlits Angllclt- uiis." That place; can only be filled by Dr pleted, will be the; greatest attempt at dictionary-making .tin; world lias yet seem, unless possibly Ave; except Grimm's German dictionary, still unfinished, though begun live; years lie fore Dr .Mur ray's; or Mint portentous work the great Dictionary of China, an English'transia- tiou of which,' It is estimated,' "would fill 1-10 octavo volumes of a thousand pages each.' Rut Dr Murray's, JHsfprh'uLEng- llsli. .Dictionary will, when curnplofev oc cupy about, ten massive volumes.nnil will cost from L115 to LIIO. .It will lie many years, also, before It rtsiche's Us. ge>|il. There are searce'Iy four yet fin- ished, nltliough'1), 1ms, already beeai mnk- i'ng' Its niajestle.- jirogress forTnore than forty years, wljli'bout n Thousand ex perts tu help It along. ' If is (dearly the;re- fore a work only for llu; library or tin; scholar's study. For the; ordinary citizen. Indeed for tin; ordinary student, for the? ollice;. for tho Judge's Rem;li, for the; Journalist, We-bster meets and nieire than meets all requirements, Of necessity, some; e.-liolce; laid to be exercised, nnd n mimlicr of words had to be omitted, which might projKrriy find n place lu the maiiy-voiuuied lexicons. Every word. lioweve?r. which Is sanctioned by ; Hie use; of standard English writers Is duly registered In Webster. It docs not profess to lie an exhaustive vocabulary of slang, and 11 omits many words which have nothing more to justify their exist ence tliiiii an occasional eHx-urnmce; In obscure uuHiors of n remote period, or which un; due to a passing wlilnl of u writer, mid have taken no nral hold upon the language. For Instance, that uncouth word "DLsesiablisiiinenUiriuuism," said to be the longest iu the language;, very properly receives no couslderathm from Webster, though It 1ms lioeii tolerated in u lilgh-eJass English review. -Wliat Viiii' known .as "ghoxl-wnrds" linve been rightly weeded out, oven though they have lieuti rcegnlse'd in Johnson, and dn- tlfuliy reprwluecel iu inter eilctlomiries. Ghost-words, perhaps If should lie ex plained, are spurious words, gonorally originating iu bud spelling or printer's er rors. Ghost words are numerous in tlio old English dictionaries and glossaries. Even In Richardson some; of these unlic ensed Intruders have found a footing. Former editions of \Vehsie?r Imd harbour ed sonic of theme words. "I'huntmnun- Mun" held its ground long, and wns de- liti«?d us "mi appearance as of u phan tom: l'ope (obsolete and rare)." This curious formal Ion wasreally due lo Die whim of mi eccentric grammarian, who, lu n wprk published some eighty years ago, treated as one the Uvo separate! words "phantom nations," which occur together In u llue of Rope's Odyssey. "To all the phantom nations of the dead." "IMiantciuitmtloii" Is "now excluded from "Webster; hut Jl stands unblushing in such recent dictionaries as tin; Encye;!o- liaeelle ami tlio now edition of tlm im perial. The fact that tin; book has un Atiu'i-i- can origin may prepare some people for e;ece?ntrle spoiling; but their npprahen- erica n differs from English usage, the two forms are generally placed side by side; but thu extravagances of Am erican phouoUc spellers find no recognition. Tho Huiwltlvp reader need liavo no four of being confronted Willi utrocitlcs lllco "ar" for "an;," or "cum" for "come," which make certain Trans-Atlantic publications, such as Die proceedings of Mm American Philological Society, tlm most irritating printed matter (hat I know. lu the elWllcult. mutter of pronunciation, on which there Is necessarily so much difference; of opinion, WelHter will he; found to be gone-rally iu agreement witli the usage ot the most cultivated English speech. The new issue Is furnished witli an Australasian supplement. Thu best fea tures of this are a dictionary of Ausua- iasiau words, compiled nnd edited hv a gentleman well-known In Melbourne,' Air Joshua iJikir, who hits done- his work admirably well, am) lias choseai Mn; illus trative quotatlems with great jmlgm-iit; and a very complete Australian Gazetted by Atr F. J. Rrointielel. The paper, binding and type leave no thing to tie; desired. Everything that American Ingenuity could do to serve the convenience; of the reader anil to aid rapid reference litis beam done. Notliiic can surpass .the cleverness of the mecliauleal eamtrJvnnee for the quick turning over of thu pages. Heyond enrt- troveivy, It is for Mm beauty mid number of its Jlluritr.tilons, for copiousness, for accuracy, for lucidity of definition, Mm best oim-viihiiim English lexicon Hint has yet been produced. Tlmt Is nut nil. II Is much more than n lexicon. With Its ample gazetteer, Its biographical dictionary, Its register of nil the notable persons and places lu fiction, nnd its many ollmr valuubie lists und vneabulu- ries.of names, It lias grown Into u great encyclopaedic treasury of general know ledge, u compendious library in Itself, a sort of universal oracle;. News has been received by Die Church Missionary Association of Victoria Hint Ihe last iiiissionaricH who left this colony follows:— Allss Scars (formerly of North Carlton). Kieii-Yiuig, N.W. Extension; Allss Colestun (formerly of Wnmiain- hool), Naug-Wu; Miss Mori (formcrlv of Elste;mwle;k), Kcng-Tan, Heik-Cliliuig; Allss Nicholson (formerly of Elstorn- wiek), Ning-TalU; Allss Amy SmiUi (for merly of .Maryborough), Hong Kong. Hmitliey said that good hock deserved to lie culled the liquor of life. ============= 