POINTS.. The Olirislmns number of tho WeeJc, illus trated. will be ready ira December 16. Agents and others please 'order, early. Tho best weekly paper in Queensland. . Sond it to your friends. Illustrated, prioo only 3d. '. It is said that the Government do not intood to proceed with tlio StandfngaCarlia- ihentnry Railways Committee Bill. This is admitting defeat with a vengeance. If thoy went' any .farther . with the measure, tho resulta miirlit bo. disastrous. Mb. STEWxnT, in the House, last night, pro- tested sh-ougly; nninst. tho superintendent .ofV.a „ prison- receiving mure 1 remuneration ihati a,nj|im1>fr of Parliament., ' . - . .."I -so.. luff consider;'.' lie said, "that a -superiiitiuidaiit of. n prison has more re- Mpimsibilit.y_ than. I have/ He is' better off . tiiim t; Cabinet Mihister." > Me. Dai.uy.vplk: "Ho is a dashed sight better off." \- ' Mu. -Stewaut also thought his .services wore Of more value to thii country than thoso of an inspector of cliaritablo institutions, to 'whom it was proposed to pay £800.. Mzhbkrs talked loudly of the. claims of certain newspapers to advertising. Me. Lksi.va said tliat the only, way; ono newspaper oonid got. up a oireulatiou was by getting u copy caught ill the wheel "of a scorching oyclist. Tnc same member defined tri- weekly news-, papers " papers which come out one week, and ' try ' to como out tho next." Me. Kkbe last night, understood that the only treatment administered to the inebriates in the asylum nt Duuwieh :was- washing. The sitting was long Und dreary, and mem bers became ivoru sua weary. Many a time' the quorum lapsed, and thoso members who were iu the Chamber slept soundly Ullfj audibly. The Leader . of tho Opposition slumbered most harmoniously. - Tu foot ho was in great danger of being called to order for tedious repetition. - 1 Mb. Stbwabt inquired, When is a'ma'n drunk?" Mb. Lesixa solved the riddle in this wise : When he kisses his mothei'-in-law. " Well," replied Mr. Stewart. " tho lion, .member appears to havo liadpxporioiice." "Tub Mistletoe Lauy." In Christmas number of tho Week, illustrated : pries Cd. : The interstato eiirlit-oar race takes nlace in Melbourne to-day, undfour crews are com- potimr. Quekkslavd's representatives are not ex pected to got auy nearer than third position. It is to be hoped that, tilts anticipation will not prove correct, and thnt ' tho crew will finish not so very far from tho front. Witu tlio facilities there aro in Brisbane fur rowing, oarsmen should bo produced who should easily outpace thoso of tho other States. Tbifs by triun in tho moonlight will soon ' be a pupulur form of oxoursion in this city. Tiie Foresters, who thought of the idea and gave it a trial, feel not a little proud of the result. Duty on sugar exported from Queensland this year, ut the rate proposed to bo fixed under tho union, would be £400,000. The buyer will pay it, but it will ho an awful cheek ou tho industry. , The Boors1 by their usual tactics have secured a victory in a skirmish with an armoured train, and 60 British troops are missing through it. This will serve to encourage an enemy which' has latbly become disheartened with losses and iuability to break down the British defence/ As matters appear now, however, they will shortly be engaged on a big scale by an advancing British column from Estcourt. uud are not likely to score all the points then; It is a nasty threat, and savours of the savage, that by Mr. Reitz, to shoot six British officers if ono Boer spy who'has been captured is'pfuiished. ' - -t If snob spies are allowed to live after being caught in committing such disgraceful acts", it wilt ho a reflection oil ail true men, and if Mr. Roiiz curries out his determination ho will find his own life may bo out short as well. Christmas fun and frolic. See. Christmas number of the Week, illustrated ; prieo 3d. AiiONQST.rhe many places over which the greut Powers aro at variance just now is Persia'; whore Russia und England and Gormany uro " sparring for.an opening." Ip anywhere, Grout Britain will have ,to be paramount in Persia because of her vast Indian interests. Ode Government nro determined to obtain more British immigrants in some way or uther. Tho cinemutographe pictures which are to bo sent homo to assist tlio Queensland agents in their persuasive power ought to aehiovo an otfeof in that, direction. Howuykb, they show only tho bright side of our life, and many immigrants, after arrival, will find there aro two sides to tho pictures. If there is plenty of fertile land, and it is mado available by a goud land law system, together with a chance of selling produce at fair rates, settlers will como without need of the lecturer's eloquence. Pailobs havo a reputation for being "handy mou " under almost1 any eircmn- stunces, which has been upheld on several re cent occasions. Retobts from South Africa state that the naval contingent practically saved Lady- smith wlidi tho.position wus most precarious a week or two ago. Ahotueb opportunity for the " jack tars " to display tboir usefulness was furnished by the large fire which broke out in Sydney on Wednesday night. Tnu conflagration took place in a largo George street warehouse, uud shortlv after the alarm was given a body of seamen from the warships Mohawk and Katoomba arrived on tho scoue, and did sploudid work in fight ing tho flames. ' When a ladder , had been pluuted against tho walls of tho burning building an utile seaman from II.M.S. ICatoomba ran up aloft, and was the first to go into aotiou, forestalling all the firenion. "Gray Ghost of Landkwabne." See OhriBtimis number of the Week. Order early ; price Sil. illustrated. Photoobathbb PouL3KN is out and about. Happily his fuoe und neok aro not injured. State school cudots wore iu great form this morning, headed for tho first time by their drum and fife band. Father Matukw is taking a long time to Tell tho story of tile surrender of the Fusiliers. He evidently believes in tho instalment principle,. Ob perhaps tlio reason is that ono cor respondent after another interviews him and each one sends a little piece of news which the previous one missed. The Boers at Mafekiug were surprised by 05 British soldiors. The work of tho latter was ro effective that tho Boer leader admits ho thought there wus - 1,000 of thorn. 1 Mamy peoplo who sat up to see tho meteots during tho last few nights felt very ninoh as; if they would liko to ixiuko tho astronomers, "eso stars." A few who did not remain awake, bnt wore anxious not to uppear behind'. tho times,' hs-' sorted that, they'hnd seen brilliant .showers, of. fulling stars. .; . - ' ; Perhaps ; hut they were not the Leonids: By the way, unyouo taking a sudden view of the atmosphere last night would havu had some fears df the world's being on fire at some part, - The olear moonlight made tho haze wliioh" envelopes the horizon quite murky red in, colour. The Christmas number pf tho Week, illus trated, will bo ready ou Dooomber 16. Agents aud others please ordor early. Tho best weekly paper iu Queensland. Send it to your friends.. Illustrated, prioo only 3d, _ Band at Taeinqa. — The Toowong Brass Band, at tho request of sovorol of tho resi dents of Toowong and distriot, will repeat last Tuesday's programme next Tuesday, November 21, opposite tho divisional board's , office Xuriqgik 