A MODERN PYTHIAS. A group of tennis players were lounging undet the locust trees in the campus of a college. Tiirv bed jus' finished tlie fifteenth "list gama of the 8 near, (be iteMhrr reniaimd like suinra< r. It was lilt'-e Tel McXult who found hi* breath firnt, ami broke tlie ^ili-nce— " Have you got acquainted with the new ftoph j et—Fred Hers, n ? iSetms to be a genial eort." " Gr-iiia!!" echoed his nearest neighbour, Clifford Doone. in a tone of infinite disgust "What old- foshtonod words you use, Mac! Phrase Lim iu the modern languages, can*t you?" " Why, I trcao he isn't stickish. He gets fcoquaiuted easily, doesn't ceem a bit homesick or forlorn, as the new fellows mostly are, and trkes his rxaminaliou like so much fun." " You don't say! " ejaculated Lrx Small, the b)>atn|>ion athlete of the school, who spent so much time and energy on gymnastics that little wav Ie"t for mathematics *' Su," reassert e.l McNutt. e *' Uuera 1*11 get iutroauced. He might helj me out in big," said Let. thoughtfully. The boys all laughed at this characteristic remark, and fairly shouted when Shirley Deane, the *' pet lamb of the Sock," as be was called, shoard his colours by bop'Bg *' that the giris would not go crazy over bim." "They will, I know," spoke up ClifF-trd, " For I nw Flo Barnard talking with bim in % libraiy. and the gtrla all follow her lead.'' Ibw waa a chorus of groans at this, foi these four young men were the admiration of the girl students, which Kent wan long aince direorered, and often discuswd at their private at e>ings. "In union then ia strength—my only axiom, CrnthxBen,*' proclaimed lex. "A fellow has no bviarsc coming into this college two months lite, taking the front seat in our rlass-rootnt and in our best gtria' heaits. I propose we unite in downing this new and objectionable person, every time, everywhere, and In every possible way •• Agtced !** they shoaled, McNutt adding, " Let's begin right off ! I'll get introduced in or.lcr to find the wrak points io his armour. Lex, go and look up his place in the class bovks. Cliff, prepare to outahine him in recitation tomorrow, and Shirley look after the soundness oi the girls' hearts." So, laughingly, they shouldered their rackets and eaunterrd into the boos*. • • « • • Thus mdeth the fifteenth last game!" exclaimed Lex. " One would think we were practising for the stage, with our nnmeroua farewell engagements. Suppose, for a change, we turn to our work as investigating committee, ud hoar tho report of memlx- rs, Mac, first." Raisiug himself upon one elbotv McNutt be^an— " I got acquainted with the new man and found ho was from New York. He didn't say whetix r it was the State or City ; in fact, he has the kuack of making a body talk, so I came away feeling that he knew moie about me than I did of Lira, and—that's all." " Ho didn't have a very good lesson thie •norning," put in Shirley. " and he seemed green to me—staring at every one who got up to incite." " Oh, new ones all do !" objected McJfutt. *• Otic thing I know," asserted Lex, calmly proceeding amiJ the shcuta of " Hear, hear j Frf) has introduce! bim to half of the girU already, and I intend giving her my opinion ol j such firward, unladylike con .luefc." ! •'He h-sn"t shown prefen nee for any, so far,""' said McNutt, thougiilfullv sera; ing the seed; from tlie grasses around him, " it beats me what a fancy he has for that st u rid Jack Sti kes. This is Stokes* second t«Tm, ; uu know, anu ht hasn't half a dozen friends to his name ; yet he and Harsen wero walki. g in the campus this morning like old Gionies. " Oh," yawned Clifford, " we are gorsiping as they »lo at a iaditV tea party. Let's have anotiier game by way of practice." While these conr< rs&tions; were being he'd on the lawn, the much-discussed student. Free Horsen, was fast being initiated into the life of i the colli ge. All that the quartette of ebviou? j fellows had said of him was true, whicll is juort | than can be asserted of most gorsip. Never i had (he college walls held a student so popular j in so short a space of t me. ; The girls ravid over his manliness and good ' looks, while his ability and joviality won tho i more n-luctant rcsptct and good will of the! boys. | All were amazed, however, that he should ' form so ardent a friendship with Jack Stokes, a { *tudcpt far from popular among them. Ry-aud j bye they were looming together, and their den Ik came headquart.- rs for all the fun going. i Here it was that the the boys congregated ti j plan tlieir first sleigh-ride; chose sides for 4 golf match; elected their ghost to attend the girls' tea party ; held impromptu debates, and ' wrote ersays for ape another, [ Even Stokes became •• jllunincd with ^ 1 nfleeted popularity," as LR* grumpily called it, and was invite.!EVERYWHERE his comrade waa ; By times he was the life of the company ; but ! it WTS a fitful gleam, AND HE INVARIABLY relapau into n mofbid gloom. Weck6 "Jwased making little change in tU •ocial affairs of the College; one night, lowtver, a itnmge procession wound it. way through the grounds, and only tbc crunching of ice-covered wsow broke the stilintThe bell boy shririced with teiroi wlnr. 1m « pmed the door to receive a gn up of men bear-ng two uncoi scious bodies. Th. y bad tone out, a lively new, in a four-horse • c'S'ii; but through iiight or reckless driving tl;e h.rstB Lad c^iritd tlitio ovtr m embankideitt, with this anfiil rtsult. Many wete cut : and biuised, while Clifford Doone had a leg broken, and Jjck Stoku was interualiy ii.jured. S«.on thire was hurrying to-and-fro, and the exntemeut was for days infenae. C3iffor.fi condition was painful, but his recovery was only ^ues'iun of time ; Jack's life, however, swung in ILe balawe tor many d»/s. Uuraig Ujat lime Fred scarceJy loflhig «de, declating that hect-ud do as well as any trauaeJ nurse,and that be would give np bis place in class rather (ban desert his fri< nd. The doctor and professor looked at one another iu suiprise, one of Hum wLispeciug, " A veritable Damon and Pythias cas>-.'' He had his own way, as usual, night aftei night banishing the kind-hearted ones whe offered to relievo them. After a day of unusual suffering and thi constant attendance of Ihs doctor, when Fret, was 1, ft alone with the stdr man, Aj^ pumed a wtute race luwar.le liim and said wiHtfolly 0 " Th doctor has given me up, have yJn ?• "No, indeed!" was the quick antwer. "8till, I would prepare for tho woret, Jack. Tell me anything that buriens your miiKls." _" I understand—and I'm not ready to die, either, for I haven't lived right, and tlie intio eeut might suffer brcause of me. Can you ko< j a secret ? Draw up closer and I wiU tell yoc one." He talked long and eageriy in whitpirs, aati Fred saw bis strength was exhausted ar.d hie story marly done, so he s id in * irimblW voice— "That Will do. Take this end go to detp ~ And when Whs medicine had dono its work this •• Pythias " quickly crossed tho jrom) oi«ncd a trunk that was not bis, catefally l ai,J its contents on the floor, and finall y rai» d i a neatly made false bottom. Ai-, ihe »• eb wc ex ! frem'ship ! Wliat a frajl thing it is ! Jft'kdid uat die. As toon as the doctorr woul.l permit the boys met i>91 for 1 jubilee, ctrryipg Clifford in ttiat t»wy might have ibrii *' lit rots " t.igi th« r. It was a rare occasion, and tl ey weie "11 in h'gh gleo. But when Fred and Ijcx reached their own room the former hoisted 'jiirte'f up* p I he ftuily table aud exclaimed-^ li beats a-1 VVIien Jack WM tbou^lit about to die 4*red was tlt-.voti> n devoted, and upon my onoup, tntnre" y- k and me and this table, now hot- h- 's p it:n» well thr fi i.a* «.rts sony." " You're rirjit, Mac.** was the anawer. *' I nei er such an ejprt-fsion on a moital's fiuxu He couldn't have looked uuhuppler if be were lo bo tiupg, and you'd have txpectod him to b • ihe j-llii gt joe of the cruwd.' Oh, w< H, Harsen's > |i a'e we piighjt as wjstl giVe uu first ss I a.-1, apd I'm t<3J gt t do^n, aud dif/t venture aj-.ptlnr werd lonUU." _ t»oiY) 1 e was snoring, a qvm liltle"cli snore, #nd Hrl^utt dropped off with a smil« ot^ f liU face. . . A k af'drwarJ appeaped for the first time in the class room, H>raq) f|>l|uw Wokir i t«r tl« paler of tfaotwo. The profrtso,! u i l V ' , h * * IwtatSf wht-n Fi«d Htcpjed te tliedtsk, and lsi\iug some |a|«n wid au.tibly :— " Will you rxainiuc (hese, and rouch for their correct™ss ?" Ther, facing Stokes, ht said in a clear voice, " Gi«rg-; Kiover, ir tlie n»tnc of tLc law I a«rcst j-oit on tii< charge of forgery commilied tlirte years a^-c in Buffalo, New York Y< n have coi:cealec in yijiir trunk—which is nuw in the hand: of the authorises—four thousand thrre lmndrec dollars ; besides, you have freely confessed tiii: crime ts me. As a detictive " (throwing oper bis coat to show the star), " 1 traced you here, but having to prove your guilt 1 euteied re s studt-nt and became your daily companion This yod all know, so thtre is nothing for mi to add t-xct-pt perhaps a few personal wordi Fellow students, it has bi-en a mran part 1 have played, and the daily di ception hat been almost unendurable, still it was urcessary, as caeh one can tee. When Jack was sick— especially after be took me into his confidence —1 wished that to save himself the dugtace anc the penalty—oh, I wished in my heart he migU die." There was a painful pause, in whirh no one ••emed to breathe, then he went on,— " Had he died then no one should ever have attached the crime to him, and I would hav» disappeared from this college as suddenly as 1 appeared. The sheriff is in the hall. W« must go." Jack, who bad risen at Fred's first words, stepped forward and said in a manly voice — " It is true. I am guilty. Believe me, boys, I would rather beseiving out my sentence where I belong than here Among tlie innocent. Anywhere is a prison with remotve in onc't heart, and perhaps when this crime is atoned for, and I come to face death ag*in, it will not be so hard. Forget me, one and all. Good- bye.- There were no more lessons learned in college that day, and no laughter for a week. Aftei discussing the matter for the four hundredth time, Shirley Deane turned to the group of girls and said sharply— "And Harseo was married, too. He told me so at the depot, acd said he hoped the girls would oot cry, but I hope you will, and that it will be a lesson to everyone of you! " 