THE acceptance of the tender of the Phoenix Foundry Company for the manu facture of ten. locomotive engines at a cost of £34,335 for the Railway Depart- ment offers occasion for hearty felicita tion in Ballarat. It affords gratifying evidence, that in this particular branch of work the Pliamix Company may still claim’ to render successful competition almost’Out of the question. It has suc ceeded in establishing the largest loco motive factory in the. colony, and amply 1 demonstrated the exceptional complete ness of its plant, ability of its, manage ment, and ‘ skill of its workmen'by the uniform, success with., which it . lias 1 har ried'out its contracts for the'supply of "tbb Tiulk the engines which have .been made in Victoria.' The City lias had every reason to be proud of an industry in. connection with,, which some three quarters of a million of money must have been expended, in this branch of manufacture alone, and which' has also" provided the means of supplying machi-; nery for.mining'and other purposes, not only imithe-'district; iii'‘which''it l exists, lint to^'distant,'.localities' and: iother'colonies'.-’’ To "contracts "with the Railway -.ii^has^lnecessa^ily,: to' lo6k~fq£j orders, anti 'the supplying of-these is-calculated-tojprove' the: clnef 1 , factor', in Jits success. 1 Of. late>‘‘ years ithe stagnatioli ’in the 1 Railway De- 1 partmpnt, due -to: ;.a; false econoiny, as exemplified in,: the starving of, the lines, has'i‘deprived, J ,this: and ; qther (important: country ' industries 'of ; the - work, that might fairly haye beentfuraished to them by the Government,' arid ! ,the . evil , has been intensified by a growing', tendency on the part of the railway authorities, to' centralise all work of construction as well as repairing.,. In the. early part of the year we had occsaion to direct at tention repeatedly, to, the growth; of this system of centralisation. Protests, in this column against the unwarrantable competition of the Newport workshops with private industry in the manufac ture of railway rolling stock were called for,' not only by an apprehensipn that those workshops were likely to’ be : largely utilised in connection with the manufac ture'of the large number of new loco motives that will be required very short ly,- but by a knowledge of what had was, being done, in the with drawal of the work of railway carriage and waggon manufacture from , public competition its' concentration at, the metropolitan : workshops, and the conse quent diminution of the sum of employ ment available for large numbers of tradesmen who were formerly enabled to - derive , constant employment from companies _or firms engaged in sthis par ticular class of work'at Ballarat, Ben digo, and ■ Castlemaine. No other de duction than that.as to a determination’; topersist .pernicious, centralising of work could be drawn from the manner in which tlfe resources of the Newport works were being, severely and illegiti mately strained, and , its premises, ap pliances,’ and .staff iriprdinately, increas ed. The immediate sequel, if not also the |direct effect;, of’tlie.protests in tins: column and -by; our members was, how ever, a prompt intimation from the Min ister. of Railways that, as,.far as locomo tive-building was 'concerned the 'system of inviting-tenders would be reverted to. Possiblyjnterrogations; and appropriate importunities this month;' would result, in interesting disclosures as to the Newport encroachments on the legitimate-spheres of private enterprise and industry in. pSier ,directions, and lead,to-.a,wider, diffusion of much of the : work that is being done there'.' In the meantime,- it is satisfactory .to. note that tho work oflocomotivemanufacture will; .once more bo;set in full swing locally, and congratulationsto r the Phoenix Com ; panyr may-, be- coupled; with, tlxe expres sions of a hope._that'it; may .at no very • to "send/forth its 250th engine, ainid as hearty tributes as those, uttered on the occasion of the “.baptism 5 .’ of the hundredth; r fo the en terprise; of laid the founda tions of, ahd ! important in dustry, andv that, the' return-.of railway , work;and' the reyivahofmining activity may resrilt- in.' the employment; ‘of*’ a' greatly'increiwed'; staff, as well as in a satisfactory returiif.to its- shareholders. Thb growing']opposition "to the great art union held/underi the auspices *of' the Aus-] Iraßan Natives’ -will certainly not be abated by a perusal of the balance sheet'sheet. of . the ; *'National, f[ete, Em pire -Bazaar,--and -Nrt- IJnipn’jywliich has just been-published. According to this tbe total receipts up to 2nd Juno,, amounted.to: .£8784 12s- 3d, and \ of this sum no less than .£7O-17 9s lid was absorbed'by, expenditure on a very lavish scale,- leaving but .£1737 9s lid to be doled out .among the charitable institutions and societies. -Tho purchase of prizes entailed an-outlay nearly A-2500, upwards of .£6OO .was spentvin rental and other' inci-. dental; expensesat , the- Exhibition Build ings, advertising,' printing, and stationery cost considerably-more than ,£lOOO, and , salaries, wages, fees, etc, (including a com mission of £2OO tothe secretary) amounted ftoy.nearly another thousand pounds, while other items t of outlay; were on 1 a: corres pbndiiiglj'\lafge 'scale.''' .The' allocation of the balance of <£1737 remaining is to be mado. among 83 institutions, and 'already ihbout £650 has been .apportioned to 11 ; metropolitan institutions, leaving !£10(j0 odd for distribution among 72 'other phil anthropic agencies. The enormous dis parity between the receipts and the,pro ceeds available for charity cannot fail to: evoke a strong : demand: for,' an investiga tion into the expenses. It was by-dint of stress upon the -beneficent purpose to bo served by the art union in swelling the funds'of the charities the continua tion of the. lottery, agreed to'at, the last conference of the association by a nar row majority, and it,is' not surprising, to find that a study- of the :comparatively small outcome in'this respect Has; turned some of the.waverers of that occasion into : opponents of the art -union. A ; lottery •which- has; extracted upwards of .£20,000 from the,public pocket, while less;than a quarter of the sum has been' applied to its ostensible purpose, can hardly 1 be defend ed as either the most fitting or/the most effective inode of bringing- playjithe kindly:feelings and charitable dispositions of the native born. On the other hand, it is.suro to be a' source, of dissension so long as it is. continued. It is repugnnnt to a very large section of, the members and others who would probably become mem? bersi '.lt- is .'hardlyr compatible with , tub dignity and hqnqr-*pf the association, it,is inconsistent with i the higher ideals of that body, it is- quite unnecessary’to the . proper:celebration of the' hationnl holiday, -anil"apart’ from 'higher considerations, in view -of,: the. great- divergence of opinion with regard'to it,'and for the sake, of,peace l and iunity/ the I association would vraise its standard, and .improve, its reputation hy paying h'eetl to’sonie of the wisest'and -best of its .'counsellors who’urge tlio > dis continuance, of the “mild gamble/' .Satisfaction .was .expressed in all .quar ters in'Ballarat yesterday at the,fact that tehdeY'df 'the'Plittmi’x'Ebuhdry Com pany iliad? been > accepted for the supply,of tbi? first-class bogie passenger engines. .Tlio Mayor.of the City (Cr Elliott)!caused: tho flag at : the City Hall to bo raised, in token of his appreciation of the fact'that' ?th'e'Government ‘has ’at- last departed from its parsimonious habits, and that jtliis is .the .first-evidence, of the, returning pros perity, of the colony., The contract-price of the new engines'is '.£3438 10s, but|ns the department has to supply wheels,; axles,: and other materials, the total cost of each with tender, will be about £4500. The ex press engines now in use were.' obtained from the Plicenix Foundry Company in 1888, and cost <£4289 each, so that in com parison the price of those now ordered is a very fair one. The new locomotives will be fully 40 per cent, more powerful than tho old ones, will be fitted with ; largo cylinders and boilers, and, besides being capable of taking proportionately bigger loads, will enable the drivers to keep closer to the time-table. So far as the foundry is concerned, it has been very for tunato in securing a large,share of the business created by tho formation of new mining companies in the district, arid for the last eighteen months or two years has kept about 20c hands in constant employ ment. Asa result of this contract the staff will be largely increased, and! many workmen who' left 'this city to' seek em ployment in'Westfalia are likely -to re turn. Work will be commenced oii the new contract in ; from six weeks, to two months, that time being occupied in pre paring patterns, etc., and the importation of material,' The' contract time for the delivery . of the ’ last:engine is seventeen months., ; Tho engines , will be of the bogie type, after tho same pattern as tlie pre sent, but much .heavier, so as to cope with tho increased traffic, and will be able to work at higher pressure than now in' use. A start has been made with the work of laying the new: 18-inch main from Drum mond- nnd-Websterjstreets do -theriake, so as tprsecurqTa.permanent supply of water fqrwh'e 'latter.; THe_maih__wilL.be. ctfiried to a point: just beyond the fountain south of Taylor’s..boatshed, and will be fitted, with.', a ' bell-mouthed off-take, : so as so minimise )the Jforce i, t>f i i l the l 'water i falling into' l the , l^eJ;^OH;tli'e''aiBtelfii , 'kide fef the main, within a fdwTeet 'of thecbelt-ihouth; a TBlveris:<',fixed,:\Bo' that when it? is un necessary .to_ run water into the lake the flow,, at a less pressure, may- bemused for fountain purposes. ‘ The’ necessary con- . ■nections have beeu made.iand.as soon-as tho pipes?-are /supplied they will be laid. The contract'provides for the, delivery of tho dost pipe-a fortnight after the first, and it is estimated that they jcan.sbe; ipiacediiuposition in a.week, f,;:?': ■ The Australian Eleven achieved- an ei-: cellent performance, on Wednesday by de feating the M.C.C. oleven.by noless than eight wickets. Being-107-runs to the bad on tho first innings the M.C.C. represen tutives had an uphill fight to face, and were quite unequal to the emergency. Townsend batted pluckily for the home team, and was ably assisted by Warner and Woods, but with the exception of-the above-named trip all the other batsmen offered a feeble resistance to the Aus tralian bowlers. Jones was in splendid form with the ball, and his average of fivo wickets for 72 runs was a fine per formance. The Australians in their se cond innings only required 12-1 runs tc win, and Darling and Worrall, who open ed the batting, soon put all doubts to rest concerning the issue of the game. After making 53 Darling was stumped byi Board, off Townsend, and' Hill joined Worrall. Contrary to expectations the_ Adelaide champion fell an ' easy victim, ; being caught by Warner, off Townsend,, when he had only scored 2. .Noble and Worrall then hit off the remaining runs wanted,' with 10 and 52 not out respectively! A re port of the match appears in another column., . The Australians will meet the M.C.C. again on • the 31st 3 uly. , Last night at a quarter to 10 o’clock one of the heaviest falls of rain experienc ed for some time past in this district took; place, for aquarter of an. hour the rain fell in ,torrents, and the surface drains were soon running bank high. In the lower levels' 'of Ballarat East the ’writer quickly accumulated, and at the corner of Main road ‘ and .Eureka street it; was , several inches oyer-the footpath., Avery large body of; water Tuslied down tho Eureka street hill, and ran right across Main street. This latter thoroughfare was sub merged'for several hundred yards. The yaripus- sludge channels along, Main street were all filled, and the Yarrowee Creek soon became , a torrent of water stretching clear across the bed.-* The low lying ground in the vicinity of the Town Mission was quickly inundated, but for tunately the downpour stopped short and the water drained off almost as quickly as it accumulated. One advantage; of the rainfall;was that; the whole of the open channels received a thorough cleansing, i 'To-morrow is'the" last'day on; which rates can be paid to ensure inclusion in tho municipal- voters’ lists for the forth coming year. Tho officers will attend at ,the City and- Town Halls for the purpose or receiving rates up till 9 o’clock p.m., but ratepayers are advised to : attend earlier otherwise they may be put to in convenience Ratepayers, .are also re quested to 'have their rate notices with, ■them. Thq long , drawn out . case in the War 'deh’s;Gourt, of-Dempsey and party versus Strachan and party, in which .£5OO damages are claimed for alleged trespass on a mining tenement' at Pennyweight Flat, was continued; yesterday, hut to wards the afternoon received a j sudden check. The complainants’ case • having been completed, Mr Barrett, on behalf of his clients, and Mr Pearson on his own be half, argued < that the.acts: of,, individual members of a firm or ( partnership did not bind - whole of the firm unless the latter had given express,: authority for them. Mr. Warden Johns was asked by Mr Barrett to state a ; case on that point for the Supreme CoUrt to'decide. As how ever his Worship did mot seem to I see the necessity for such action Mr Barrett asked for a stay of proceedings for f ten days in order to apply for a -writ of mandamus to bompel.tlie Warden to'state a case. The adjournment applied for was "granted. At yesterday's meeting of the j finance committee of the City- Council, the busi ness was for the most part of a' formal nature. It was resolved to'recommend for acceptance'the tender of J. Green, for ,£54 13s, for pitching a channel and other work in Doveton street; and that of .1. Steven son, for .£3O, for trimming the water tables, etc.; throughout'the city. It was further decided -to call..for tenders for grubbing and removing about 38 trees— mainly gum.trees—from various parts of tho city, the successful- tenderer to have the right to the wood from the trees. : The Ballarat East-"ghost” was reported ~9, , n again seen in the vicinitv of the Caledonian Bridge last night bv a party of young men who went out for the purposo of running to earth this object of or , women and children in Bro\vh .Bril and .the surrounding: neighborhood. Ihe party, on passing underneath the bridge, saw a tall figure in, a dark over coat standing some 50 yards , from them. A lamp'lit up the place, but the man was stanuiug in a dark shadow jnst underneath tlio lamp. As the “ghost hunters” up-' proacned, the man took to his lieels, and as lie ran he was seen to be wearing what appeared to be a white sliest underneath his overcoat. A chase immediately com menced, but- the fugitive managed 'to dis appear behind a fence, and, owing to the long start lib had of his pursuers, lie suc ceeded in escaping. It :is reported that tho alleged apparition was seen on two occasions on .Sunday night; once at the Biimnj'ong railway: Victoria street, and later at the residence of Mrs Smith, widow of the late Mr Smith, coffee merchant, at Brown Hill.' The' “ ghost” was first seen by Mrs Smith’s son, at the Buninyong bridge, but on his advancing towards it the! object suddenly disappear ed down the railway embankment, and could not be found. Later on in'-the even ing Mr Smith’s'sister was pulling down tho blind in a front room nt her mother's house, Brown Hill; when she‘ saw the blackened face of a-man through tho win ,dow. She screamed, and ran .to the back part of the house. Mr Smith took a double-barrelled gun. and went r outside. At about GO yards from' tlib.fiou'se lie saw r. figuro clad in white, and painted with phosphorus. He fired at it; without effect, and then returned to the house for an other t cartridge., . He again ' saw the “ ghost” about 200 yards away, and was about to fire, when his rifle was seized from behind by another man.- He threw off his, assailant, and aimed, a: blow at him with the rifle, which, however, struck against a tree and broke at: the stock. Tlio two miscreants then made off. The “ ghost”- has, ’it 1 has: been reported, also made its appearance' in the neighborhood of Eureka street. The -increase in building “operations in Ballarat lias caused a decided .scarcity of .bricks, and the brick yards are working night and ; day to meet the demand, and fivo kilns are now burning.' On Monday last no less than forty- two, brick drays were assembled at the' kilns waiting load ing. Owing to tho falling off iii the supply the contractor for the new wing at the Hospital, was, compelled -to. suspend, opera tions and pay off his men, and' the con tractor for the extension toMessrs Tyler's premises, in; Bridge street was also, com pelled to cease .work. Tho brick-makers , state, that the five-kilns will be 'opened on .Monday-, and tho building operations will bo recommenced. There are, no! Hpffman kilns in Ballafat, the bricks being made by the old- fashioned; hand process, and burnt iii tlio’ordinary- square kiln. This process is necessarily- slow; find:in the pre .s^,c.“s.?«t.,least_is.uuequal- to the de mand for the finished article. ; Only" oiid ‘tender 'was received yesterday h' .tue ,council for leasing -the' City Oval. ;, ilu 3; was from Mr Gumniow, on behalf of a syndicate formed under tile style of the Ballarat - Sports Club, ■ and offering -j£ 9 7o* per. annum and 2J per cent: on the gross' takings at all sports gatherings held on the ground. The finance; committee, to whom tlie tender was submitted, ' decided to recommend to the council that the ten-- der-be accepted. It is stated, however" there is some misunderstandin" on the part of members of the syndicate, and that it was not intended to offer the OJ per cent, on the gross proceeds from sports gatherings. No deposit has been icquired from tenderers, and there is some talk of the tender not being signed w!n“ I P™ babl lity, however, the signature will bo forthcoming on Tuesday next should the City Council adopt tlio recoin! inendation of the finance committee to j accept the tender. The somewhat common practico iudul-- ed m by riders of horses of viewing foot ball matches at the Eastern Oval from out side the boundary fence while obviating tlio necessity ot paying for admission is attended bv certain disadvantages, as was shown at the Town Court yesterday, when five , defendants appeared charged with ob structing the footpath iii* Peel street out side the Oval by ranging their horses alongside the boundary fence. Sergeant Balchin and Plainclothes Constable .Mon tague gave evidence in suport of the prose cutions. . One defendant exhibited somo , S i U , u , ou beln S sumoned, and stated that ho had never before been accused of breacb the law. The bench, however failod; to sympathise -with': him, and fines of 5s were imposed ip eqcli case., ! . P a occasions (recently tlie -elec ,tno light has failed for spme little! time and reference, has ■ been made to; the det ract m:the column;of "The iStar.” r\Vith iincthe,current week, the streets! of.ithe City and Town were, left in almost; total darkness for Several liburslAnd a moder &?}?-. ."P?vy .fpg. which settled, down ‘over 1 - Ballarat did not lm'prove'mntters, i ‘ The subject was’referred to yesterday,* at the meeting of the finance committee: of the City/,Council, and the acting*town clerk ,(Mr'y.,J. p.uthie) was instructed to write to-the' Electric "liight' Supply Company, intimating .that ;in all future cases of de fecuye supply .fines will be: enforced. A few minutes before 9 o’clock last night, a sharp shock of earthquake was felt at Mount Clear. At Mr Charles Walker’s residence, the earth tremor was distinctly felt, the house shaking in a somewhat alarming manner. Mr James Long, of Glenpark, informed us last night that the earthquake shock was distinctly felt at his residence. A series of short sharp shocks occurred, and the building rocked violently for a few seconds, a num- ber of pictures on the walls being dis- placed. Tho Bishop of Ballarat, Dr Thornton, Archdeacon Tucker, and the Bey. J. C. Carmichael will be speakers at a meeting of the Ballarat Diocesan Missionary Guild to be held to-night At 8 o’clock in St. John’s, schoolroom. Soldiers Hill. All in terested in missionary enterprise are in vited. An- excellent programme of vocal and instrumental music will be rendered. A collection will be made. . . ! . At the City Court yesterday,* before Messrs Johns, P.M.', Elliott, Murray, S. Morrison, and-Coutts, J.’sP., the list was a short one. Thomas Heath was fined Is, in default , one hour, , for drunkenness. George Waller, for leaving the wheel/of his vehicle unchained, was fined 2s 6d, with *2s 6d, costs. William Greaves; who had left his horse and cart in Doveton cres cent unattended, was fined 2s Gd. * A car rier’s license was granted to James Lang ley- . _ V . .••Mayor Elliott.has not yet definitely de cided oil what date he will give the annual mayoral ball, though in all probability, it. will be on Thursday 27tli July. It is not his intention to have a set supper, but to allow guests to enjoy their refreshments when and .how they please, as was. done, during Mayor Sbojjpee’s term of office. A concert of a very attractive character, arranged by Messrs P. and 11. Cohen, will bo given to-night at St. Paul’s school .hall, Ballarat East. The programme to be car ried out is a lengthy one, and will include t.-number of good songs and other items, contributed by Misses Annie .Evans, Alice Major, Violet Rose, Annie Whidburn, Ogilvv, Scarle, Bell, Clarice Malyon, and Messrs W. White, H. Cohen, W. Evans, M. White,-and Frank Monaghan. A dm logue from Tho Rivals, entitled Mrs Mala prop' Outwitted, and a dramatic sketch? entitled Dream Faces, will form ; special features in tlie programme. The price ox admission is Gd. , Tho Mayor of the City (Cr Elliott) has kindly placed' a room: at the disposal ot •tho South street competition committee at tho City Hall for a central office for the approaching competition. Tlio secretary will bo in attendance from 9 a.m. -to-5 p.m. daily, where prize lists may; be ob tained and entries made. The entrance is from Armstrong street. i To-morrow afternoon Sontli Ballarat and Ballarat meet for the second time this sea son, and the consistent manner South have been playing for the last few matches en tities their supporters to the belief that they are a much superior combination, than their opponents give them credit for. The South committee recognise that they are:not yet out of.the premiership, and intend to inako a big effort to secure win-, ning honors on Saturday. Messrs'.l. G. M’Donald (President), Eeh fisch, and- Salter, representing the hospi tal; Father Guilfoyie (president), and Mr J. Phillips, representing the Benevolent •Asylum ; and Mr I. Pearce (president), re presenting the Orphan Asylum, yesterday waited upon tlie City Mayor, to. ask that the matter of dealing with tenders for the leasing of tho City Oval might he left' in abeyance until they hadbeen afforded an opportunity of interviewing the Council to secure the right of holding spotrs for the charities free of charge on Easter Sat urday! Monday, and Tuesday. Tho Mayor expressed himself as favorabio to the re quest,. but the Finance Committee subse quently negatived it and recommended the acceptance of a tender.' Messrs,H. Josephs and J. T. Phillips, J.'sP., presided.at the Town. Court yester day, when S. J. Poole was charged with driving at other then a walking pace over the intersection of Bridge and Peel streets. Sergeant Baleliin stated that the defen dant had driven over the crosing at a rate of 10 miles an: hour.- - Tlie defendant, who said that he only drove at a speed of about five miles ah'li’our, was fined 2s Gd, (with 2s Gd costs. ----- Tenders are called in another column on behalf of the Ballarat Turf Club for tho ■ re- erection of the Grand Stand at Dowling Forest, recently bloivii down. The Committee intend to remove the wreckage; repair tlie seats of the gallery, and make a temporary use of the stand for their meeting on 23rd inst., after which the structure is-to be entirely demolished and a. new .one erected differing altogether in ' construction from the 'original designs, and better adajited to withstand the wind in so exposed a position. Messrs Clegg, Kell and Miller, architects,; who, it may ho mentioned, had nothing to do with tho erection of the present building, have.been, entrusted with the work, anil have pre pared their plans with similar ideas of construction,.to those which they so suc cessfully. used in the erection of tho Grand Stand atthe-City Oval. Those who use the ..telephone may not he aware of the fact, that there are sani tary transmitters which can lie purchased at a very low rate. They are composed of a specially, prepared paper, anil are sup plied at jthe. rate of Is per 100, the depart ment undertaking to fix them. When in Melbourne,' Cr.' Shoppee saw these trans mitters in use, and arranged for their fix turo at the City Hall, a work which is performed by the departmental employes for nothing; (Ea'ch transmitter jlasts for about a week,, so that the shfllingswortli lasts for two years, and those who use the telephone have the satisfaction of: know ing that there i3 no danger of the trans mission of disease; germs. members ; . of,, the Master Grocers and Produco Dealers’ Association are request ed to attend an important meeting to be held at_t>he Traces’ Hall this afternoon at threo o clock. The committee of management of the re centiJruids’ Carnival met last night, at /Ebdlips, hotel,/Sturt;, street. The • busi- Jfess. consisted in. passing a number of amounts lor payment, and settling various details in connection with the uriclertak mg. The total receipts have not yet been ascertained owing to a large number of returns of tickets sold not having coine to nand, butr there'is every indication that the financial, result of the carnival will be satisfactory. The drawing for the prize bicycle was carried out in the presence of disinterested witnesses, and resulted in the prize falling to Mr George Hill licensee of the Corner hotel, sturt street’ ino winning number was 271. Prom the "Police Gazette’’—Thomas ochweralfiger, drover, Ballarat North re ports stolen at,the Cattle Yards, Ballarat -rTmoH 011 tb rrr CU ‘ J} 11 " , a black sl >eep dog. Timothj Ol'arrell, hotel-keeper. Ber l«lSf/n- lepol ' 3 stolcn at Derringa, on the a grey pony gelding, value AB. •Joi n Cussens, . butcher, Ballan, reports stolon from Ins yard; on the night l of the dlst ult., a crochet. quilt, value .£5. : The , asphalt : - crossing that the Citv Coiincil have jjulv doiyn at the corner of vom' ail( l L £! l . l , ard streets has proved of ve , great utility. It has been kept clean nV U H,V S m M re iluin can be .said of the one at the north-west corner of Lydinrd and I Of u fallf VAliclihtl from u,o .racehorse. Victor nTom he was fell wit? him! th ° timb6r ' rl,en tb ° horse ,lal l les T - vler and Co.’s drapery .which foriii 3 one of tlie P old be nXd 9 l ln Brid ?e - Street, is about Jo «l ?“its pfece" , ' an tb e lining Exchange Pro fcosoi 1. G. Tucker will tjivo the'Hiirr] i Q<> turo of. his valuable course on “Ihiirligh Literaturo of: the Early Nineteenth Con ■**» tl.liv 0 poli( : e have not been lon-' after .pleaded guiltv for him showed that i’orsyth was scmUim' Sturt street at, fully 16 miles an hour The L SnCt ! de % daut - ss, with; 2s Gd me eting of y-m' Buninyongshire Ckmnml’.yrhiclr was to have been; held s i terc ]ay. has, been ,postponed until next Thursday, owing;to/the steps 'beingitaken toiibring the shire’s :loan of ; £16,000 'under prowsxons.qof the recently : passed! Loans Extension Act, - the post- being - ,, necessary''in order to comply jof Act. The works committee of the council, how ever, held a meeting and accepted a few tenders for work in the shire. 