IBKE^DTDES^ Messrs. J. J. Miller and Co. hold a furniture sale on Monday next, at Mr. Arthur Simpson's residence, Phillip-st., Pnrramatta. Kidnapped, Louie Stevenson, Gd, posted 8d Howcroft, Bookseller, Church-st., Parramatta.*' Seven nominations have been received for tho three extra seats in the Bankstown Coun cil. The contest is a very open one, and it is hard to say who will go in. Mr. W_. S. Corr, of the King's School, will referee in the English - Australian football match to-day. The meeting to form a Merrylands tramway pn.min t.hic wpolr wn.Q arHrmrnpr? till TVfnniTftv next. Tenders required for a lot of road works in the Parramatta roads district. Mr. Ferris, M.P , has received a communica tion from the Bailway Commissioners stating that the Parramatta parcels and good-shed will be connected with the public telephone ex change, and that a footbridge at Harris Park is receiving attention. The famine outlook has become serious in Western and Central India. One-fourth of the crops in the central provinces has beea ruined by the failure of the monsoonal rains. Special mention is made in the annual report of the New South Wales Cricket As sociation of the excellent performances last season of W. B. Farquhar, who had an average in the premiership competitions of 00. He is certain for intercolonial honors next year. Mr. J. H. Want started from Melbourne ice Sydney by the Omrah on Thursday. It is his intention to make some disclosures in the Legislative Council on Wednesday, which he says will prove sensational. Mr. Ferris, M.P., that they will receive the railway deputation from Parramatta an hour after their interview with the Minister for Works on Thursday next. The federal address was carried in the South Australian Parliament amid consider able enthusiasm, the members then joining in singing ' God Save the Queen.' Mr. Kingston, tha Premier of South Aus tralia, is sanguine that Queensland will adopt the Federal Enabling Bill. ? Mr. F. E. Stowe's (of Parramatta) appoint ment as teacher of quantity surveying at the Sydney Technical College, has been approved by the Governor with the advice of the Ex ecutive'Couhcil. Duff and Co. will be submitting that mag nificent estate, Constitution Hill, on the 17th inst. The Parramatta arid District Benefit Com mittee will hold a social in the Town Hall on the 31st. The idea is to raise a fund to have on band for the assistance of urgent cases. There are 80 million gallons in the Parra matta reservoir, and the water is flush wita the top of the old wall. A quantity of nursery stooks landed at Hobait from tho TamboonJ-'hursday from Sydney, were found to be infected with San Jose scale. The consignment was condemned, and proceed- ?? ings are to be instituted against the importer. At the Wyalong Police Court on Thursday, 29 footballers, for playing the game on Sunday, were each fined Is, without costs. The B. C. dance at Granville, put off by the wet weather this week, -will be held next Wed nesday. W. B. Farquhar, the C C. bat, was only beaten by Noble, Trumper, Hopkins and W. S. Duff in the premiership averages last season. If the Speaker doesn't mind, he will make a hero of John Norton. 1 Sir George Turner will, in the Victorian Parliament on Tuosday next, move the address to the Queen in connection with the Constitu tion Bill. The whole of Thursdav in the N.S.W. Assembly was ocoupied in discussing Mr. Haynes' amendment (referring to the 82,000 minority) to the Federal Address. With Want's appearance on the soene, and the ghost of the Auditor-General ever-present, augur that Mr. Reid is in for a bad time. Mr. G. T. Hunt, J.P., was reported yesterday to be very low. He had been growing gradually weaker and weaker during the previous four oc five days A band under Mr. Leabeater performed in Parramatta Park during the Arbor Day cere monies.. Several of the performers gave their services gratuitously. M. Geo. Jarret, Government Interpreter (European Language), was at Parramatta Court on Friday, assisting the Fronoh defend ant, G. W. Blanchard, before the Bench on several charges. Tho Minister for Works will receive the Parramatta-Singleton railway deputation next Thursday. The Commissioners told a Carlingford (Epping) deputation yesterday that they re quired £100 from the residents before they would erect an overhead bridge at the station. If you have not already used W. J. Morey'B Irish Moss Compound for ooughs, colds, in fluenza, whooping cough, bronchitis, or any ohest or lung complaint, do so.* ' Toothache cured in very aggravated cases by careful extraction. Is. Pye, chemist by exam., Churoh-street.* Dr. Wilton's Gastro Cachets oure Indigestion and all stomach and liver complaints. S. A. Moss, Chemist, Parramatta.* Persons building will do well to get somo of Swan Brother's prices for timber before send ing their orders elsewhere. Just note one instance : — Best American Sugar Pine Doors (hundreds to select from) 6-6 x 2-6, x li inoh, Gs Cd; 6-6 x 2-6, x 1J, 7a 6d; 6-8x28x'lJ, 7s 9d. All other sizes equally cheap.* ? Owing to such a largo increase in Mr. Simp son's dental praotico, another surgery has been added to his rooms. Patients ooming from a distance should mako an uppointment, which will avoid much inconvenience, and ensure their being attonded to.* _. . That eminent physician, Sir ^°'«| Cameron, M.D., President London Board of Health, speoially recommends Cilbey s Dry Gin.* 