NOVEL. The Marflef Seal By Jeanelte Walwoftli, ?CHAPTER VXII.— (Coiitihued.1 ' 'Celeato waa a wiser nurco thou I took acr for. . 1 had no bupincoo coming in hero to talk to my Ultlo eiok wifo. I am going Norrie, and X shan't como book until you sand ior no, darling. Only don't koep mo away too long. Xmieayoacojdcar, bo do all tho born. I wish— ' ?Stop I stop! fctop!' It was a cry of I pain. - | Ho did stop, ond etood wondcringly oilont whilo eho went on impotuonQly : 4 You aro talking to mo as if X woro a lunatic or a child. A child you Uno^v I am not. A lanatio possibly X might bocomo, if falfiencsa, deceit, cov/nrdico, dnplicity in a fflan were all that wao neee^-mry to mrilro a fanatio of a woman. Whrn X cal d tlmt I hated jnu, X rooant it I When I rcooiled from your touch ai I would from that o? a reptile, X meant it ! You aro o rcptilo, Johu Jiofimorr Ho blanched at ucr ccathiug denunciation hia, and, turuing bin face from hor, ho Btood with folded auuo looking down into tho firo. It woo oa rcoord in tho nicdical j -arnuls, ho reminded himoolf, that pcoplo frequently turned upon their very doaro3t friends when domoatia cei^od upon thom. Onalmors muBt bo uammoned at onco. Ho 'would not add to her exciteraoat by a dnglo ^ord, 8bo fltoppoi epoahiuc;. IXo conld hoar tho tumnltuous brealhiog tnat lifted Iho folds of her whito wrapper in blllowa of jiflwion. Aftor a littlo whilo her breath came moro placidly. ?/.' ' Is that all, Nora P* ho turned and asked Jicr qatotly. To Footho hor excited norves 'Svas his oco oVjcct just then. * That is all. Ia it not enough ?* ?QsUocnoagliiaths way of condemns* 4loa/ * Ho had turned toward) tho door. 4 You aro golutj ?? eho asked, dcoarily. * Is Dot that what you want mo to do V -Yo*/ ' 4 x-m know ? »y theory always has that tfco veay worst a good woman can ihioH Pf a oa falls fur short of hia dcjccv fog, 1 hopo you will foci hotter to»morroT- JZvtq, Try to eleep now, dear.' J3e Wc» gone 1 liho looked stupidly at tho »wocd:D pan&ls; of tho doorthro:igfi which he 2)-id dlsppcarcd. ouo word in 6olf.defenco ! Ilo oonld got look mo in iho faco aud defend himsolf ! Tost much to hia credit. And now lot mo flQlbh ay work.' \- tcaamed her wrlliasr. ITer pen fftirly fljw ovor tho pupor. Sieet after fhcet . lie filled, folded, envelope:), anddircclei, ?410 til four closod onvelopca lay bo!oro her, ?Jipbn oco only of which eho put a govern* fuent etamp. ^Vhon Celcsto brought her ?Jucchcon to (ho door, _,eho 'found herself ?Jockcd out; 'When eho Kooclrod two or threo Jiours lator, ond informod 'Aledamo* that *ho waa thero with tho dinner* tray, Bho was Mill lcckcd out. When phe oamo again nt / Jamp-light, craving permission to put tho I ohila to bed, the door iyas opened sufficiently wido for Ninette- to creep in, and through tho croviso Cfelcsto wns mforued that Mrs JjOiimcr would attend to tho child horsoll that night. Sho was at liberty to ditpoao of her ovcoIdk in bcr own wav. ?1 iho way Oelcslo did dijposo of it was not .at a'l in ' hor own way.' Sha was entrapped on l.er way down tho | flairs by tho mistrejs of Whito C.iffj and drawn into tho eittisg-tooin, whtia tho iainily phyticiac, aseistod by Johu Lorimer flnd.h!s mother, croiu-qiicslioned hor rigidly pni czhnastively as to Urs Larimer's mental .condition during previous nenralgio attacks. 8ho slipped aw ay from them, when thoy [had czimotcd from hor a vast doitl of tnfor. jaatloa tho had ootcr sospected herself pcotcfiid of, and crept into a cot in tho hall, just outsido Nora's door. John himself had ?located it. Sho had assured Mm confidently that a uouso could not stir io Madstnos footn and she, Celeste, not beat It from that position. It wa? frota that night that Cslesto JJjugercaui ahrivp dated hor bollof m \- ghosts, and rsgariud their visitations id jirtBigti of evil. Sbo told tho story ol the fVhito Oliifs ghost always with nnotioo. 'Xt waa cot of gho-its I was thinking, ' pie would tell yoa, 'that night, I was awako. X coyM cot flicp, Tho hall was Jirgo and sti m^o to mo. Tbo cot was £9! row. J vi. 3 fcstlces. I was thinking ol I the child NitcUc, and how ?ho must fcava joined mo, when of a sadden I felt a cold ?wive ew oop over niy face and I sow a whito ?fijvte glidiDg no^elesfly acro?s tho boll and turn to;. arc's tl.o (.tops. I covored my head ?W1I4 tto blankets, chilled but not frightened. C KuM.Bjugoresuz is not a coward. When X looked again, - theio was nothing to be f cud but tho cold pile moonlight streaming , through the uncurtaincd dormer window the bare Sjor of tho hall. Tho next ?, morning, Mrs John Larimer was not to bo jf.juud . X told no ono of that vifitation from -tlio White C:iifi ghost. Bah .' the pro 'ylno'ol', tfcov would havc had no faith ia it fit in p-i, iJ.gf J hsve «eco what I hovo Ono poi tion of Celeato Boogereaur's ntory \t7iti irrefrsfable. It was on tho morning after sho slept on tho cot in tho haU thnt J.'hn'j wife was cot to bo foand. On tho dfk in hf.r ;pom were lying three soalod nvolopet. Ono of thd envelopes was addro.'sed to hor b isband. Tj him she said,— / t married you for Ninetto's sake, I leave ;ca for your oprn. You may bo a trifle e'lockod nt this violent rending of tha feoblo .o'liin that links togotbor, but I fancy yoa iviU be infinitely obliged to mo in tho long ?ru'i. Coniult somo of your lawyer frionds ' j-J nee how tho knot can bo untied legally, ?f.-t X would not havo yoa loso tho full fruits this eacrifiee by ronton of obstacles in tho .y»th of your marrying again,— moro felloit lotjiy next time, I will hopo. I havo no l(n:on!icn of making away with myself.' Another }/no of too envelopes was addreiiod ^9i-9!tb9 jaW,-=' ' A« coon m yon l»»e re»d this, aik Mr 'Iiidmer t'i «eai you Mid the child to Glen* biirnlo. Tike with yon her trunk and the 'envelope ii ldroised to Utis Fairbanks, whioh I Ifiwo with thl^. Bj good to Ninetto, flQd aUy with hor : it will bo to your iatoreit,' Tho third cnvolopo was adiroised to Miia Fairbanks. To hor sho eaid,— 'I am hot conducting my projoct In tho way X bad planned boToro coming to Whito ^Oliffi. Bar, aftor all, wo aro tho merest ,pappota in tno hands 0! Fate. I had moant tar littto Ninetto should win her own way ?With you boforo I rn&da; for her tho omrtlinf; olaimy of ttioahlp. Sho io Sibloy Falrbr.nh'o daughter— his only ohild, horn iu holy wod* ?look. Hor mother and fa'hor did uot livo togolhor happily. Ho desortod her: oho hod to maka hor owo oupport, Aa oil of tuo pa^ora woro in hlo ponaension, it may bo como timo yet boforo tho child'o lo^nl claim npon you or upon your fathor o:m bo cDtab liohed. Gho io tho child of cay only ohtar— ? ft youonor olntor, lo whom I v?an idolatrouiily attochod. John Lorlraor'n ouit for my bond carriod no weight with it until ho ocoidont ally mentioned tho fact of having tho X'air banks of Qlonhurnio a^ noi/rhbori], X meant to ba?o kept Ninottn mynolf until hor olnim upon her grandfather had been mr.do co cloar tbat ho would gladly havo rcoogalzod it; but it has boou ordorcd othorwitio. If your fir^t impulno nhould ha to order Oclosto, tho child'n nurpo, lo Icavo your prcfjQnco and tako tho ohild with her, ntop and dohherato twleo boforo you cend your brother Sibley^ infant daughter adrift in on unfrioudly world. Until I procuro tho proofs of what 1 aay, you must tako my oimplo ocuertion. Kvory word in thio letter in abaolutcly truo.' CHATTER IX. ' Fiowora ! flowcra cvcrywhnro I Tho saoat expoDPivo Horla ot tho most osponaivo soason 2 But exponeo was novor taken into account in tho Norcroaa establishment. X)id Mra Nor oroF-» deelro 0 thing? And waa that ihing tho vory host of ito kind Y Thoso Woro tho I only two questions worth tho aekiog 0? tho : onsworing. j Friday was Mra Eugono Norcro3a*fl day. Not that evory day wao not ontiroly ot her own frivolous diaposal, but ovou butterflies aro subject to oxhaualion, anditMr^ororoaa had not flot apart ono day oat of tho govon foi ? npeolnl obflorvancca,' tho goycat buttorfly of fasnion that nil JSsplnnado Strcot, in tho city of Now Orlcaua, could boast, would havo nuceumbcd to tho burdon of its own ! popularity. On Friday, therefore, ono waa sure of I finding Mm Nororoaa at homo, clothod in I ono ot tho-o murveVj 0! Fronoli enstumeo that all her ' oot waa paving ovor.' Ono waa also iniro of finding tho houso converted iuto a I ?bDT.'or of ro^pn, whilo from every cornor of tho (ipuciouB lowor floor, during tho rogula* tion hours, fliatcd tbo mingled aroma ol ISugliah breakfast toa and feminhM ^oiaip. Appirently, no ono enjoyed Mm N .rcrois'e Friday aftornonna moro thoroughly Mm; aho didhordclf. No child freshly admitted into fairy-land could havo outdono hor in jojoua gayoty, aa aho flashod from group to group oi tho tea* drinkers, moving hor Utho form with ils glistcaing eatin train, and her jewelled nrma nnd hands, with an'cilectivo grace not altogether unstudied. All of tho'o who drank hor tea woro not good-natured towards Eugono Nororosa'a young wifo. Somo of thom, perhap?, had not yet got oyer tho aocrot umart of hia defection from tho ranka of their own posplblo euitow. Somo of them, perhaps, would havo preforred hio marrying a woman whom somebody know. Among thcao was hia aunt. Mw IilcUhont Norcro33. ^lio cou fl'lontially nssurcd hia marriod oiotor, lira | Dclaney Dclany, on tho Friday in question, that— ... .. r. '. 1 H Norerosy had not brought hor dircct from Patio, ono v/ould bo temptod to aoouso her of gaucherie.1 '? ? 4 Not gauchoc/o ! Anything but that. For a woman in her ficat winter hero, uho Ib tho most absolutely eolf possessed young thing X ever naw.' 4 Well, then, provincialism, if you prefor. I imagiao eho ho1? ooeu vary Uttlo of this eort^ of thing. XXor enjoyment of it is too nadlsgufecd, too absurdly gonuino.' c It ia rather patent. 8ho is a prbtty creature, though, Mcllicent. Ono can tearcu'.y hlamo Eugeno for becomiug iu fatuatcdeo Into in lifo/ * Sho is czquisito ! Obic from tho crown of her blondo hair to tho tips of thoso littlo twinkling yollow^aatiu flippers. It is her ciXuslvo gay.ety I oondrmn. I Bhould prefer moro repo-'o of mannor.' * Uor costumo is daring. No woman lc33 euro of her complexion would havo ventured bo uiii ih yellow at once. Sho docs Jaugh too | much.' Mrs Dclancy DeJany lowered hor long* handlod eyo'giasaeA, nnd sighod. ilrs 1 Hellbent Norcross ioworod how, and smiled : 4 After a'i, why shonld sho not laugh ? Life mu?t bo an altogether pleasant thing for hor* Tho adored wifo of Kugono Nor* oroes, no children, assured position, old family, wealth, beauty, youth, hoalth 1 X'envy her, my dear, positively.1 0 I . * And— iet— a skeleton T Mrs Mcllicent shrugged hor plump should* 1 era and lowered her voico : «.t 1 1 You mean Eurodo himself S v ^'v. . * As jealoua as a Spaniard 1' ' - r.V 1 What would yoa havoP PoTfcotion? 1 imagine her Friday afternoons aro free from hia c&piorago; only baoauao ho knows thut no mon over como horo beforo gas-light. Ho will appear wilh tho lighting of tho firat jot.1 4 Doubtless ! Xt is an ugly ayrpent in this prolty Elen.' .^o-. *Sho walkB too rapidly. Bho lacks reposo.' .?/ Then opportunity for futlhor orlticiaca was lose. Mh Norcross was coming towarda I them, followed by a tray-boaror. Sho ' i swooped down upon thom amiling : j 4 You aro neither eating nor drlnkina* 1 Thia is abominable.. 4 No ; wo woro gossiping, and about you.' ?About ma?' Sho clasped two jewelled hando to her pink ears. Tho diamondo that fljehod upen them wero pricoloas family gomst. 1 It io tho left one that burna. You wero oaying naughty things about mo,' ? ? 4 Oa tho contrary. Wo wero caying that Eageno wa9 always a most fortunato man. But— Bonnet » trying to catch your oyo. Ho has fi card thoro. Qao docj not neod oarda to-day.' Mr3 Norcross turnod towardo tho butler, who was etandiuff bohind hor extending q card aud wearing hia moot impacsivo facial exprcsiion. Sbo flushed uuder thio im plication of social ignoranco, and mado no motion towardo taking tho card : 4 1 am at homo to all my fcioudo to«day, Bennott/ 4 This ia not a fricud, madam. It io n persoa.' 4 Then I am not at homo to hor.* 1 Sho in*uatfl upon ecoiag you. Sho v;ou1d not go. Sbo bus written comothinc? on tho card. X havo shown hor into Ur Norcross'o otudy.' Mrs Noncroeo lifted tho card from tho culver. Xt waa ono of tho oort Bcnnot alwayo kept in the drawer of tho hall r«ot for oinergencteo. Xhore was nothing wcittcu on it but a name ; 4 Nora.' A alight tremor, 00 slight as tho waving of o willovr waild whon a rudo wind ohakco it suddenly, passed through hor Iramo, leaving hor color n Bhado fointer, ond her volco a triflo less resonant in its gay clcar tonos : 4 FresenUy.1 Sho waved Banuctt out of her preoenco with that ono softly-spoken word, oud onco moro gavo her exclusivo attention to Mr Nororofs'a relatives. Sho had a favor to ask of both of them : * Would doar Mrs Dclany como to hor on Doit Monday and dine on famlllo ? Sbo and Engeno could not agtoo upon the location of tho conservatory* Thoy needed qu «u((re. Sos^QQ was ooaiUvely qwUq.' ' And wonld dest lira Noimoss m»k« oa« at tho theatre-party rite was gottlng np for Irving'* 6rtt night V . = Then, with joyous .thanks, and aa adieu waved from tho tips of hor pearl-atfokedl ostrloh.feathor fab, eho tamed from thom flashing and smiling, and, cradnally miking hor way to tho volvot porticro that soparatod tho parlors from tho renr of tbo houso, sho disappeared bohind thom. ? 'Wonderful!' Mr,i Djlony eaolaimod, ia tonu.i oi yenuino admiration, 03 tho^velvot draporioj felt softly togolhor ocoo raoro,. aUuttinj; uut tbo radiant vision. 'What?' . 1 Amclia'ii nolf. control. Tha card that Bonnott brought hor agitated her cioosjively. Oho bud twisted it into a pirfoot corksarow boforo yoa bsl mado up your mind about tho thontro-pirty. Tnopeuon is not weir como.' ... ?That, at least, goes to prova tbat Eugeno did not tauiy o ptovinolal.?/ ? ? I yield that point: Bat one' wbntd lika to know a littlo something ol the antcoedente ' of ona'n own brother's wife.' If it bad boon Mis Dslany's privilege to go with her aitter.ln«law into tho ptoienee cf tho person who was patiently waiting ia tho study, har ouriosity might havo beon amply if uot agreeably satisfied on tha sooro' ot nntecodenti. It was John Lorimot'a wifo who sat tbora woiting for tho tardy coming ol her sister Amelia, Ninotti'a mother. As the radiant young thing who had just onocetslully run tho gauntlet of several swro of critloal eyoo flitted into tho dimmer region of Mr Mor- crof?jH study, Nora stood up confoscd and bowilderod. They iiisjoi each othor, and tbey called oach otnor ' Norrie' and 'Mollis,' but, even as thoir embracing arms foil apart, tho look of pain and howildorment deepening on Mrs Xiorimer's face, eho recognized that sbo waa looking at her sister over a yawning abyss. ' X don't understand at all, Amelia 1 1 have beon trying to find yoa for a month. Whon I hoard that you woro Mrs Eugeno Norcross, X grew moro uttorly bewildered than ovor. What doos it moan i Yoa can- not— havo-^— ' 'My lottst Was oxplioit enough, heaven knows I ' Mrs Nororois interrupted^ hor rudely, langhod nervously, and sottlod horsolf on tho other end of Mora's sofa. ' Your letter P ? Yes,— my lottor, in which X told yoa tho wholo trnth. X thought it would bo ssfost. When I sent Ninetto to you nnd told yoa I was going to Uaropo with that old woman as her puid uoinp&niou;, X told yoa that I could not taka Ninotto with mo, beoauto it was only on the understanding that X had no ties eho would huvo mo. Bhu said sho wanted no tcar-shoddlng femalei) about her. You know all that, bdoio.' ? Well. X thought no wsocg of it, oithor.* ' But I did uot tell you tho wholo truth, Nora. If that old woiuun hnd uot beon Eugeno Norcross'A mother, and i{ ho had cot boon going ovor with bor, 1 never would havo taken tho position. Xt ull turned out splendidly. Tho old lady died In Nico. I had saen nono of hor family, but' hor son, on this side. X camo back Mra Euveno Nor. cross. AVhon I wrolo yoa from X'aria that I was going oc tho stage, it wa* to prevent you from hvinting mo up, lua ulioro. X knew your horror of stago pcoplo. Ono cannot hopo to eua:ccd in llfo, — succeed as X have, — Bho glunood comprehensively about her, — ' if ono c' jio not liuesso a littlo, oven with ono'a own eihlnr. As for tho child, sin was ' always much fonder of you than she was of mo. X wroto you a long latter three weeks ago. I told yoa in that letter that X did not moan Niuctto should bo a pecuniary Irardon to you. . Norn put her hand to her head with a did traded gesture:. 'I grow moro bowildorsdnt ov«y word/' '? Amoliu. I uovor .got your latter.. X havo hoard from you but onca sines this day Celcsto camo to :mo -wilh your littlo girl, bringing tbo letter toiling mo you :wett» i going to Europe ngacotafanjoa; .Thai ono# ^ who whon yon wroto inn you war. going ou tho stngo. I cried ovor that Isitcr, Mettle, and X prayod so hard that you migt)E ba kept puro and swoet.' Mrs Eugene Norcross smiled indulgently:*' 'A ins,.', Norrio, my desr, tat ft u^cswary ono. X lf'.ow your abhorrence of Iho aitgo, and I know, or thought 1 knitw, tbut if you bsliovod mo io bo un tho stage you would shun ino us you would a leper.1 ' Aud you wi'iilcd mo to shun yoa?' ? Yu,.' m. A cold, hard lock had oomo fnto the radiant yjung face. ' I, wh' Imvo boon mothor m,d sister and teacher nil in ono to yon, AJullio? I. who novor' wdntoil you oven to try to support yourself lit typo-writiug i\t.. ? Ye?.' It camo monotouon.ly from the /nil red lips whioh aftor cioh uttoranco Mr s Sorotou drow ilorroly io on'or hor glistening whitg teeth. ' Dnt why ?' ?w ' I told you why in that lottor.' ' But X uovcr got tho lottor, I tell yoa.' ' Then X will havo to go over tao wholo hateful chaptcr once more; But not here. This io Me N orc:r,as's study, and ho might como in unoipoet :diy.* Bho got up, almost dragging her slates with h:r. ' Why Aould Mi Norcrois not find me horoi'' Noraaikid, resentfully. 'I have a right to como to sea ray own sister, hays I not, Amelia t Amelia mado nn irritated motion with ber pretty hands : ' I havo so much to toll yon, Nora, and tha houra is so lull of people. Yoa must follow mo. Homo ono might intsrrnpt as. ' Sbo Cropped her eistor'u bunds, and, ewcoplng rapidly forward, Id the way, by a rear e:nircaio, to tho upper tloor, never onoo j piuaiuv in hor eraeM'ul sinuous progress until they reached a small dressing-room, porfoot iu .,'.1 (ippoiutmciit1, through tho opon door of which sho got u glimpso into a bedroom fitted up with .till moro Oriontal oplondor. 1 'Now! Wo aro oafo !— quito oafs! Eugeno never intrudes hero. We can talk comfortably.' *? Sbo pushed Nora into an cxiy chair, and. outing horsolf closo besido her, bogaa noi vously : ' I am sorry you fulled to got that lottor. It would havo saved you this trip.' ? No. I c*tno to tho city iadepandeutli oi any oxjuctatloa of scoing you. I hiJ La lievod y„u wero on sho uta;(o. I Lai ^ivoti you up for dud. X placed tho child w.'iera ita proper p.'otcctors r/~ iid bo obliged to caro for it, ond xben— 'hca— Uut X did not i.Jn o hero to talk ^bout tnysolf. Tell mo all that you huo kepi fron oo so buff, Amelia.' (To bo continued.) Ton Moor Viir.ior.:: Cloak »» too V/onLD.— Tho turjt vMoildo ,:bob in tbo world in probably that !'. ptv;;o;jija of Laiiy ISrataoy; This i--intl.i rr-'i.'nted by Qaoon Eomnno, cf tbo id'.ndf, to Captain Thornton, ii! tho Nn'y, for tho proteotion e'tende J to l\:: flg'ii^at tho French in IS 13. T:-o J;r-:J.\tion of tha montlo lo o notoorh cf rntfvr- trap, aud to it oio nttBobcd by 3no thiet d; ol Iho same material tho fcathoro of b!.-;'.j fjsud only lo tho Hnrrnliau Inland;, t? .Hie iippsr nnd lateral bordero, v/hioh mc s6idect with a otring of hemp, aro dccoroied tiiih alttruow creoccnt-ohopsd Ccurea ecmprocl o! eithot - -. rod or yrllor? leathern. Tho eio.\S Is foot feat iu length nnd eltvni r.nd o hoi? tort la width nt tho l'.ttcm,.topi;rin;.: n« tc tlfonty» thrco incbcj nl tl'. to^. Thj tjinH JiGuaity experienced ir. j-rfcutiuo th3 ?e?ltt.i;a rod the number of ye'jr.x tt-inircd to ccmpUte ihs garment constilv.'.c ivj tVict olaicj to Ito ycllov; fenth;ro «:o lislnitle, and tho bird from vjhiah thsy (iie cVlolCBdit raro nnd difuc.ult to capture. 'iTiio tDi'.rktt prico of fivo o! theco fca'.hotf is about ten I cWllinKD ; aud by this c3Un'.att- the value ct | tho wholo, tuhinij In tbo ancont ol labour lJ QtlQUt 5100, CCD, 