a ghostly appearance at auburn, EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGH BOURHOOD. Tbo' some septics may deny belief in visitants from another sphere, yet with tbo majority of folk the belief dies bard. Miss Maimer, of " Lamiiicton Vic- loria-road, Auburn, Victoria, bos more tban once seen something resembling a ghost— when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by many months' illoess. She says " I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very j)l after returning home from school. 1 did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experi enced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and be said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no in clination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the 'quinine tonic' given me wiru regularity, men x commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders aDd back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest" "Wo tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Mar- ner. " but without effect : tbeD I con sulted a well-known Oollins-stTeet practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weak ness, and advised a. change. Her motlieo took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would hi so retch on ris ing in the morning ; any food token could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." "This time last year." said Miss Alice. "I weighed 7st. 31b., now 1 am 9sf. 71b." " A great improvement ; your treat ment must have been beneficial ?" " No : all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills foT PaJe People deserve that credit. .Tust before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel-street, Prahan; they did me so much good that I con tinued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would recommend thero ? "Yes, and tbnjt strongly, too," said Mr. Morner. " Had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years -before, it would have saved mo a hundred' pounds."" There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save thc«!r pockets tf they act as this young lady did. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will cur© anaemia weak boo it, sleeplessness, scrofula, consumption, chronic erysipelas, de bility. Indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and chest and long troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paraly sis. locomotor ataxia, neuralgia, St. Vitus dance, nnd nervous headachei and all nervous disorders. Thev ore sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr. Williams' Medicine Oompfluy. o/o Rockc. Toifipsltt and Co.. Flinders-street, Melbourne, at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen and threepence, but are genuine onlv with the full name (seven words). Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pole People! on each box. Thousands have testi fied to their curative powers. Tbe death of Miss Theo in England in 1891 did not attract much attention. As a stud matron she was not en titled to take very high rank, her eon- tributlon of eleven foals being most remarkable for the manner In whlob! tbe Cdsm's name was perpetuated rather than any merit the bearers of the same possessed- Their cogno mens were as follows Theophrartus ' Theorist Theologian, Theodora, Tbeo demla, Theodoric. Theon, Tbeobronla.' I Hbeodoeia, Theodosius, nod Theodo- j lite , . - v ' 