[?] CHAPTER I. ' AN AWAKENED LOVE. Tho heat outin the, sunshine that day was like that of an Indian summer as Miriam Aton stole down a secludad path from Danvers Manse to her favorite walk under the evergreen oaks. Here from two sturdy brandies of grand old trees a hammock was swung into which she quickly scrambled with a carelessness born of tho hope that she was certain to be undisturbed. Indeed, she was not dressed for tho reception of visitors. Sho had little more on than is worn by tho English iu India. Her shoulders were covered only by the thin muslin which dimly veiled tho faultless contour, whilo the dainty robe she woro fell in folds which enhanced the graco of her childish form. She was a sweetly pretty girl, this Miriam Alton, with hor large, deep blue eyes ; her beautiful com plexion ; her masses of golden hair falling around her in careless abandon ; her bright red lips slightly parted ; her lithe form lying back in the hammock moro for ease than graco. A sight was she, as sho lay thus, to mako a man's heart leap with sudden love — even if before he lmd deemed himself an icicle. But she was not at this moment thinking of attacking the fortress of a man's heart ; sho had comol there, to this secluded spot, to dally with a novel while she thought out the tragedy of hor own life. For it was a tragedy, of which she was already tho heroine, al though the crisis had not come. It would come soon, sho knew. She had battled 30 eagerly against it, but she found herself too frail for the warfare. Love is a mighty master, and though she was but seventeen, it liad conquered her already. She was alone in the world save for her guardian and his young wife. At twelve — whon sho was a littlo dainty damsel in short frocks — her father and mother, whoso only child she was, had died within a fow days of one another, and she had been left in tlio charge of Sir Hubert Danvers, under whoso an cestral oaks her hammock was swung in this silent and delightful summer shade. Ho was then thirty, his wife, Lady Ella, was only twenty. But from tho hour the child had entered his home lie had marked lier for his own ; he know how sho would develop with kindness and dainty care, and never for a mo ment did ho lose the chancc — as the month and years rolled by — of showing hor all his thoughts wore centred in her welfare. How could sho avoid falling into the trap? She loved him first for his kind ness, his never failing thought fulness. Then as timo rolled on, and Lady Ella became ill, and Miriam jand her guardian wero left so much to their Own devices, other emotions sprang up in her breast — wild, yet joyful feelings born of long walks in Jtlie quiet balmy evening time, the glamour of subdued looks of lovo, tho pressures of tremulous hands, tho low tonos of murmured songs, the long good-night kisses. Sho had known for some time now that sho was drifting into danger. But it was such sweet danger ! And tho path, too, was so rosy^ and pleasant. It was only that morning, how ever, that Sir Hubert had really declared his lovo. He had worked beforo this on a more cautious system. Ho bad left his town haunts and buried himself and his family at tho old j Manse, with the set purpose of . keeping Miriam away from the society of l.'^ose of her own ago. No younger man should steal her hea.r'o. He was handsome enough in all conscience, in his dark, satumino way. . Even now he was only fiveand thirty, in tho full strength and zenith of his manhood ; his features were regular, his form upright and athletic. But yot his jealous heart, know ing its evil purpose, feared her meeting younger men, more gay, more lightheartod, less like his sobre solf, and moro akin to her own jealous nature. So, as I have said, she fell gradu ally into the trap. Lady Danvors was weak, apa thetic, listless, in spite of her sweet and childish beauty ; and so Miriam began by pitying the strong, pas sionate man who had so frail a reed to lean on for affection. Thon came those quiet walks, those evenings all alone in tho gloamipg, those hours of song and music. After this, when tho glamour of love was becoming stronger and stronger, a terror foil upon the Manso. It was a stradgely built old placo, low and rambling, and tho west wing was soldom used. Suddenly ono night ono of the ser vants passing along the corridor noxt to this wing saw a white figure standing in a door way which was supposed never to havo opened for years. She was a plucky girl, and ran forward bravely to challenge tho intruder. But before she could reach tho spot a wild shriek rang through tho passage, tho white figure disap peared, and tho now trembling girl found the door closed as it had ever been. Sinco thon strango things had happened. People travelling along tho lane had seen lights moving from room to room in the gloom of the de serted wing ; wild shrieks had been heard ringing out loud over tho grounds, and even through tho' Manse itsolf. Lady Ella had met the weird figure, had soon a horrible blood-stained face, and had beon borne fainting with terror to her own apartments. What it all meant no ono could tell. Thero was no suspicion that Sir Hubort had any of his relations or his enemies immurod in the deserted wing. No 0110 had ever suggested such a clue to tho mystery. And so tho whole affair was set down to the old absurdity — tho family ghost. Tho night beforo her delightful rest in tho hammock thero had beon an awful scene. Lady Danvors, white, wild-eyed, horror-stricken, had rushed into tlio drawing-room, almost inarticulate with fright, burying hersolf in her husband's unwilling arms, and tell ing how in the corridor near the study she had mot a figure, tall and with blood-stained features, who raised its hands threateningly aloft and thon disappeared with an un earthly shriek. It had beon a matter of great difficulty to pacify her, and when sho was takon to her room she was in a stato of collapse. That morning — the morning of tho day when our story opens — Miriam, going to tho library for her book, found Sir Hubert sitting there in a state of deep depression, his face buried in his hands. Ho had sprung up with a radiant smile tho instant he heard her voice. 'Ah, Miriam !' ho cried, 'I am j^lad to soe you. I was just wonder ing what life was worth living for, and you havo come in person to answer my question.' A deep flush overspread hor i cheeks a, 3 sho turned towards tho bookcase. His words had awakened in her heart a thrill which had no right to exist thero, a glad thrill which sho knew to bo as great a :/m as it was a pleasure. ! 'How is Lady Danvers ?' she1 asked, without replying to his words of love. ' She is very bad,' replied Sir Hubert. 'But it is not only in health she is bad, but sho is, wild with hysterical tempers. Her rav ings and threats this morning have been enough to 'turn one's brain. I don't know what I should do without you, Miriam. Oh, my darling, my darling, how I lovo you !' Ho had risen as he spoke, and approached her swiftly though noiselessly. When ho uttered the words his arms wero about her waist, and beforo sho was well aware of what I10 was about to do, he was kissing her fondly. ' Oh, my darling !' I10 said, hoarsely ; ' forgive me ; but I lovo you. I know I am wrong — I know ? ' ' Hush, Sir Hubert !' she cried. ' I beg you will rolease me. Some one is coming.' It was true enough. The sound of footsteps wore heard approaching, and he drew back after ono moro eager kiss. ' I did not mean to tell you yet,' he cried, ' but my words cannot be recalled. What matters ? I love you — I lovo you.' The words had scarcely left his lips, and I10 had only just time to resume his seat when a knock came to the door, and iu reply to Sir Hubert's invitation, a tall dark man entered. This was Henry llousillon — tho baronet's valet. He was handsome in a certain way, swarthy, and straight featured, with eyes full of sombre fire. ' A note from her ladyship, Sir Hubert,' he said, and waited re spectfully for an answer. ' Tell Lady Danvers I will bo with hor in a moment,' said her husband, with a. ring of impatience in his voice. Thon as Rousillon quitted tho room, he said : ' Miriam, where are you going this afternoon 1' Tho question was asked almost masterfully. Tho young girl, with blushes still dyeing her cheeks, and with a strange feeling stirring her lioart, edged towards tho door. ' I am going nowhere,' she said. ' Will you ride over to Mount Loftus then f said her guardian suddenly, all his angry mood changing. ' Go and order the horses for 2 o'clock, there's a dear child.' ' No — not to- day, Sir Hubert,' sho said. ' I don't feel well. Your words havo upset me. Another time I will go, but not now.' ' But you forgive me, Miriam ?' ho said, springing up impetously. 'Yes, yes, I forgive you,' she cried ; ' why not J it is all my own fault.' And with a sudden accession of emotion, she bowed her head and left the room in tears. Such ft thing as this would have appealed to tho hearts of most men, and made them pity her. Tt was not so with Sir Hubert. It made him lovo her the more, but it also showed him tho evil power lie had gained. ' Ah ! she is mine — I mean it, my beautiful Miriam,' he mur mured ; ' lot her but say ' yes 1 and let her lips once rest on mine in sweet content, and thon — well, the end will not be far off. She shall bo my own dear wife.' And thia was the problem which Miriam had gone to solve under the evergreon oaks. ' Her'falt,' she had said. Poor girl ! She had not sufficient knowledge of the world to be able to soe the exact nature of the trap into which sho had been led, or tho way in which sho had beon drawn into it. That sho loved her guardian 'not wisely but too well ' she could not, as she lay there, disguise from her self. She did not comprehend that if sho had been allowed to mingle with others, to seo other men, and so . forth, sho would have felt very dif ferently. But as it was, sho tad never been to a ball, she had never felt the nameless pleasure of a partner's ' clinging arm around her waist, of | the dreamy flirtations afterwards tho walks in the dim, sensuous light of the scented conservatories ; she had never felt a gentle pressure of the hand, or heard those loving words at parting after an evening of pleasuro which leave tho head bewildered, tho eyes bright, and tho eyes full of sweet emotion. Sir Hubert had been her ono specimen, hor ono companion of the male sex, except servants ; and, naturally, her warm, impulsive nature thrilled to liis touch and his 1 gentle words. Her passionate young blood glowed at the contact of his lips, and she thought this feeling was love. Lying now with the memory of his kisses still influencing her, sho knew that it was all wrong — that nothing could como of it but a tragedy, unless — Unless what? Unless Sir Hubert's words wero indeed true, and Lady Ella wa3 dying. She shuddered and hid her face in her hands as the idea occurred to her. Was love such a bitter, cruel thing that it could make her think like this ? What was best to be done ? The answer was a plain one. She ought to fly from temptation — to turn her back for ever upon Sir Hubort and his love. Could sho do this ? How sweet wore his kisses, how thoy thrilled to her vory heart, how they awoke and expanded the hitherto hidden emotions of her soul. No, no. She could not leavo him. Let things drift as thoy would ! ' I am an awfully wicked girl,' she murmured to herself, and, bury ing hrr face in her hands, she burst into tears — tears which, though awakened by pain, had a kind of wondrous pleasuro in them. In the midst of these she was startled by the sound of someone whistling musically somo recently invented melody, and, quickly starting up in the hammock, she saw a gentleman advancing along tho natural avenue of trees. He seemed to have lost his way, for he hesitated and glanced round him doubtfully. But seeing the hammock I10 sud denly hurried forward with a glad gesture. Miriam was in no humour at that moment to entertain a stranger ; and, moreover, sho did not caro to bo caught in that state of dishabille ; so, with little regard for hor safety, she threw one shapely limb over the edge of the hammock, and took a quick and reckless leap. The consequences were disas trous. Her foot caught in tho netting and down she fell, striking her head with sufficient force against the ground to stun hor, and relapsing into a tangled heap of white draperies ; senseless, but not seriously injured. CHAPTER II. THE TERROR OP THE CORRIDOR. The strongor who had so sud denly disturbed tho equanimity of Miriam Alton was a young man about twenty-fivo ; tall, well-formed, and with brown curly hair and moustache — a genial, handsome face and a general air of bonhomie and ' well-to-do-ism ' about him. Ho was attired in a tweed suit, and his solo impedimenta wero a cigar and a walking cano. Ho had lost himself, as Miriam | had supposed, at tho moment when sho saw him pauso at the end of the avenue, but lie had uttered a little oxclamation of delight when I10 saw the hammock, and had advanced at once towards it. j Of course ho had beon a spectator of the unexpected and rapid d-fecent of the resident fairy, and naturally ho ran at onco to her assistance. But I10 was too lato, as wo know, j to prevent her fall. ' By jove !' ho cried, us he pulled up in view of tho tumbled mass of drapery and beauty. 'What on oarth made her in such a desperate hurry to jump out of the hammock 1 Is she a man- hater, or what 1' , ' Miss,' I10 added, raising his hat and gazing down upon tho pale face still stained with tears. ' 1' hopo you. are not hurt. Allow me to as sist you to rise.' But no answer came. Sho was doubled up in such an uncomfortable position, and lier head was lying so much awry that an awful fear crept into his heart. Was she dead 1 Ho spoke to her onco moro with out effect. Then lie knelt down beside hor, and after ono look at her pallid face and rigid lips lie placed his hand over hor heart to feel for its pulsations. 1 Ho had not the stoicism of an i ascetic ; and as he knelt over tho unconscious beauty his heart gavo a quick leap, and a thrill of ecstasy ran through his body. ' Yes ! she lives,' he murmured. And thero he still knelt with flushed cheeks and glowing eyes to gaze upon her charms. How beautiful she was as lie raised her head upon hi' knee, and | hor bright curls fell back from hot pallid faco, her red lips half parted showing her white, pearly teeth. Her form felt so soft and yield ing in his arms that ho involuntarily tightened his grasp and pressed het to him. He could not resist the tempta tion thus unexpectedly offered him He bent suddenly and kisset her. It was but a timid kiss, this first one, for he feared she might awaki and catch him in tho daring act. But finding she lay passive ani unconscious, I10 was not satisfiei with one, but pressed his Hps t ? hers again and again, forgetth: how his cowardly action would liav aroused in her cheeks the blushe of sliame and anger if she had onli awakened. This thought perhaps it was tha made him desist. ' What a cad I am !' he cried ' thank Heaven she didn't wake I must carry her to tho house.' He raised her dainty form in hi arms as easily as he might havi raised a child, her limbs hanging s loosely and inertly as lie did a that he almost feared they ha- been broken in her fall. Then he started to carry her t the Manse. Such a fair burden as this it ha never been his good luck to bear His heart beat wildly at tli contract of the sweet, childish forn and the breath which came wan upon his cheek from tho ruby lips. ' If this is real love,,' he thougli as he strode along, ' it is a pain s well as a pleasure. I wonder wl: sho can be 1 Whoever she is, feel as if I should like never t looso my arms from around h; again !' j (To be Continued.) j 