Apparitions You will seldom meet an Irish peasant who will confess to never having seen a ghost. Sometimes you may suspect that the oracular headshake and the tightly.snapped lips cover a real inexperience, but ss a rule the testimony is ready enough and with such a cloud of witnesses OUG comes insensibly to half- believe in ghosts, or at least to suspend judgment on the vexed question of their existence or non-existence. The spot of the world which I know best has half-a-dozen ghosts. The most dignified is that of the just and merciful judge, Lord Kilwarden, who was unhappily killed in the streets on the night of Emmett's ill fated rising. He returns to his old conn try house,which, ante dating the mad Daks of Portland's freak, is built half underground, night after night, sitting in bis carriage and pair, which is driven by a headless coachman. I have never met anyone who had witnessed this return, which, all the same, is unquestioningly believed in. Another ghost is someone who carries a dancing will o'-the-wisp lantern, to and from a certain fairy rath, which, surmounted by the ruins of a little tower, stands in as lonely fields as William Alliugham imagined for his fairy shoemaker. The tower, which Winds inward spirally, is a matter for curiosity. It must have been aB narrow as the chimneys where the unhappy sweep boys of Blake's time were suffocated as often as not, and if it was used as a watch-tower, or a beacon-tower, to warn the Palesman of tire approach of the Irish enemy from the hills, he must have been' chosen for his slimness who ascended from the inside. The road which winds by those lonely fields is haunted by a black dog. The black dog, indeed, eeems of as evil odor in Ireland as Goethe held him, and the black is, if anything, Irish suspect still. We used to hear of him constantly as accompanying lonely wayfarers at night. I believe myself that he was nothing more than a friendly tyke turned out of doors at night, and in search of human companionship. However, one urged this point of view in vain. The peasant stuck to his ghost; and one confirmed seer told me that when he was obliged to go that road alone, he kept saying to himself, 1 Ah, well, sure God's stronger than the divil any day.' This man was invariably a ghost seer, except on one occasion, when he confessed to having seen nothing,' but if I didn't the horse did, an' hard-set I was to get him a-past the spot.' Another night a second ghost-seer hurst into the farmhouse kitchen with the sensational announcement that the black dog was on his track, and that he had distanced him by putting the horse to its utmost speed. Even as he said it the half door was pushed open and the dog himself , entered. He was a very handsome young black and white white collie, who had broken loose from his chain ; but we had much ado to persuade the terrified peasant that it was a real flesh and blood dog. Nor was he a bit more sceptical about the true black dog apparition afterwards. One of tbe clearest-minded and most courageous of men had nevertheless his supernatural experience. I don't think he has ever known fear of any kind, remember one of his experiences was to ascend a hay-loft in which a n ked madman with a knife had held the world at bay, and to persuade him, by sheer force of will, to clothe himself and take a walk into the country, which walk ended in a madhouse. That most have been a psychological moment indeed in which, ascending the ladder which led to the left, his head came level with the floor, and a good many men might be excused for shirking it. This very strong-minded person was sceptical at a time when scepticism was a scandal. ..' I don't believe,' said he, at the mature age of seven, ' that there are any ghosts in the world at all at all.' His grandmother looked at the young philosopher* where hp sat toasting his shins by the turf fire and demolishing spiritual kingdoms. * Ab, my boy,' she said, ( there are ghosts all around us ; but you're not good enough to see them.' His one supernatural experience was this :—Later in boyhood he was watchfag a group of 'dairy boys' playing cards in a little cabin among the fields, hard by a famous rath. Among them was an old reprobate who happened to be in bad luck. As the game proceeded hiB oaths and blasphemies became so appalling that even the wildest of his companions turned pale. It was an exquisite young night i of May, but suddenly a wild wind sprang up about tbe house, roaring and clapping in their ears. There waB an unspeakable blasphemy uttered, and at the same moment the bolt of the door which had been shot dropped from its place. The door was flung violently open, the table, the candles, the players, were overturned by a great wind, and then in darkness the wind which had shrieked like a multitude of storm-fiends swept through the house and disappeared. 1 And outside once more there were only the fields in the quiet moonlight. The old sinner, on being picked up, was found to be in a fit. He recovered, however, to repent, and was afterwards quite an exemplary person. But the witness half a century after could not tell tbe tale without awe. I remember an old woman near the century whose supernatural experiences were very quaint. She had seen St Joseph in a vision, and he had shaken ( hands with her without pride. And what did he look like ?' I asked. ' Why, what would he look like', was the answer, 'only the lovely figure of a man ? He was dressed in beautiful shiny black clothes and a tall hat you could see your face in, an' his buzzom (i.e, shirt front) an' enfis was never starched on earth.' She also gave me her experience of a burning ghost, who came to her in an old house of somewhat evil repute. ' She stood up by my bedside all in flames,' she said, ' but I shook $he beads at her, an' says, ' Go back an' burn where you came from. I order you to do it,' an' Iso, bit by bit, I drove her down the staircase, an' on to the mat, an' out by the hall door.' One couldn't help, somehow, feeling sorry for the poor ghost. A more serious ghost seer saw the banshee when she was a child sitting by her dying grandmother. ( The window was suddenly darkened,' she said,' and when I looked up to know why, there was a woman's face at it. She was leaning on the sill, and her hair was all about her face. Black hair it was, and her face was pale and all marked by the tears that ran down it. And when I cried out in a fright, people came running in, bnt she was gone.' The narrator of this had 'a fairy blast' in childhood. She had gone blackberry picking on a rath, and had fallen asleep. When her mother found her one leg was purple and withered, and it was known the fairies had struck her and in time she would die. He mother took her to a blacksmith of the neigh borhood one morning at peep of day, and some magical ceremonies were performed the nature of which I have forgotten. The ' gow' or blacksmith is notorious for having power over the fairies. ' He had a great wish for my mother, the poor man,' said the storyteller, ' and he was put to it to do it at dawn of day lest his woman should hear of it, for 'tis well-known that the * blast' passes to a relative of the one who has had the blast or the one who removes it. However, it wasn't for any of them, only my own poor mother, and she, God rest her, was taken within the twelvemonth.' This old woman knew a young man named Moore in the Co Cork who was lured into a fairy fort by the sound of the music, and danced with the most beautiful ladies in the most beautiful ball- room in the world. But suddenly the lights went out and the music cfeased, and he was lying on the side of a rath among the withered leaves of autumn The same died within a year and a day, and it was said the fairieB had taken E M l m a u him.—' Weekly Sun.' Celluloid 13 used in the manufacture of a new eye-Bhield, a thin sheet being cut to fit over both eyes and bound at the edge with a strip of thick felt, which rests against the face and shuts the eye in. Sir Henry Hawkins was once presiding over a long, tedious, and uninteresting trial and was listening, apparently with great attention, to a very loug-winded speech from a learned counsel. After a while he made a pencil memorandum, folded it, and sent it by the usher to the Q.C. in question, who, unfolding the paper, found these words :— ' Patience competition. Gold medal, Sir Henry Hawkins ; honourable mention, Job. The' Echo de Paris ' learns that during the recent trial in Hyeres Roads the sub marine boat Oustave Zede succeeded in torpedoing the battleship Magenta three times in succession. This was considered eminently satisfactory, although the battleship was at anchor at the time, ' Notwith standing,' says the ' Echo,' ' the experiment shows that France has as length solved the problem of submarine navigation, and England would do well not to forget it." The ' Temps ' give some more particulars of the recent trials of the submarine boat, the Gustava Zede. The vessel , first went from Toulon to the Hyeres roadstead above water, and in spite of a strong .breeze and a chqppy sea proved herself a capable sea boat. Torpedo firing under service conditions was then proceeded with against the battleship Magenta. In the first instance the Magenta was at anchor, but she afterwards got under weigh. Nevertheless, she was again hit. Experiments showed that the chances of a French battleship hitting a boat of thiB description while advancing to the attack are very small. It is quite invisible at two thousand yards, at which distance it makes its course and then plunges. Coming up a thousand yards nearer it takes definite aim at its target and plungeB once more, emerging just within striking distance of the ship, when it fires its torpedo. It was under these conditions that tbe Magenta was hit. 