ECHOES FROM LONDON. ['From oirr 8i;ecial CojTesjioixlenl. | ./uric 2. yoRKSinm; im moi r. The ''Evening Standard" on Wednesday published an amusing artiele on Yorkshire humour,-from which J extract the following anecdotes: — Very characteristic is the story of the far mer who 'pulled uj> at the wayside inn and called for a "quait of beer to sample the lnew. lie drank it oft and absently asked for a second quart. This lie appeared to ponder over, ami took a third to make up his mind. At last he pronounced bis ver dict. "T'aal's vany fairish. I'll get down an' ha' some." One characteristic of the Yorkshire tempe rament is its independence or sturdy sense of one's own equality with others. An Archbishop, examining -a. very elderly fe nude candidate for confirmation, was horri fied to be told, in reply to his question re speeding the keeping of the Command ments, that "she kept Pnumston (VPalin) Sunday at Stowsla, an' Trinity Munda at Yatton, an' Pancake Tuesda at yam." "You are a pool', weak woman," His Grace remarked, with pity. Imagine his astonish ment when the old lady replied briskly, "An' sea would you be, weeak an' wauklin' too, if you'd been as badly as I've been for the last three weeks!" That the Yorlcahirenrran is not incapable of retort is shown in the story of the clergy man who preached at a strange Church and complained to the" Churchwarden that his own was much cleaner and neater. "Ay," was the quiet reply, "but there's neabody gaps intiv it, to muck it up, thoo knaws." The shrewdness of the native is pretty well exemplified in the ease of the young bride .who took a house which was sup posed to be haunted by the ghost of its late owner, an old miser. "J's nean flayed" (not frightened), she explained, "for if lie's gan f.i heaven, he weant want ti coom back, an- if he's gitten ti t'other place, thej weant let him oot!" LONDON, June 23. INTERNATIONAL SIIOOTINO. While the nations are all at Conference in Holland at The Hague for the furthe rlance of peace, the international teams have been this week meeting three miles away at Loosduinen for the furtherance of shooting. It has been a revelation to the English, who, in spite of all their zeal" in rifle competitions have been beaten by each of the other nations that took part. The only redeeming feature was that while the British team was miserably beaten as a whole, one member of it, Sergeant-In structor Wallingford, Champion of Eng land, made the highest individual score in the prone position. The Swiss won the medal for the highest score standing and kneeling; the Englishman got it for the prone position, and a Dane got the prin cipal medal for the highest aggregate. But the interest concentrated chiefly round the shooting of flic teams, which was as fol lows:—Switzerland, 4,542 marks; Prance, 4,419; Denmark, 4,410'; Italy, 4,328; Holland, 4303: Norway, 4,2&2; Belgium, 4,240; .Great Britain, 4,194.% M'fEBABY -LADIES AND SMOKING. , Jiefccnth" anpual .dinner of the "Women 'Writers'' was held on Monday night when Jaey met at the Oriterion, dram: toasts likd men, and smoked ^cigarettes; at leak# some of them* did. Among tWmost notable of tneSe ladies .of the pen were -Miss Bea-, trade Harraden, Aire. Barak Grand;- Mis. Oiffopd. Mra. Walfcsrd; Mrs. Meade, Mrs. Brora Annie Styed, Mrs. Croby. (Jenny June); Miss Elizabeth Bobihs/Ahnie Swan, and . Miss- Maty Kinmley. 3Bey had a happy^ evening together. Tlie speeclieB, Being inaudible, were cut short, and the after-dinner gossip, flavoured with cigarette smoke, wAs much more interesting. ' ; The-habit of cigarette amoking is steadily on the increase. I am sorry to see it, but certainly if smoking is good for men, there is no reason why it shouldn't be good for women, but there are many of us who would rather see-it diminish among men thati inciease among women. However, it "seems to be a custom that lias come to stay, as one meCts it in London houses, where ; one would least expect to meet it. Last week Mrs. Elsa Grey, a married lady, re siding with her husband in Battersea, was charged at the South-western Police Court . Willi what was technically called "dis- J orderly conduct." It seems that with her ! (husband and another gentleman she had j gone into, the saloon par of the Falcon i Hold at Clapham Junction, and whilst i they were smoking, took but a cigarette and lit it up. There is not the smallest imputa tion on the respectability of the lady, but the landlord objected Jo any woman smok ing on his premises, and directed her.eitjier to desist or leave tlie place. As Mrs. Grey refueed to do either, -he sent for the police,' and gave her in charge. After evidence had been heard, .Mr. Lan^, the Magistrate, delivered the following judgment:—"He thought it was one of those interesting . eases in which all the parties were light. • There Wjiw no 'law against smoking, and a lady was at liberty to indulge in it as far as her health, her head, and her stomach would permit. ■ Probably female smoking in a public-house had a tendency to disor der, and the landlord had a perfect right i to make a regulation prohibiting it. He j also ha<l a right to send for a policeman , and have the lady removed if she refused to j leave. Under the circumstances he ordered I accused to Jie discharged." A KENTUCKY VENDETTA. A telegram from New York gives' the following account of a lively state of 1 hi Jigs in a civilized land;—"An unprecedented state Of anarchy prevails in Clay County, Kentucky, where almost, the entire comniu; nity tire taking part in lawless, bloodshed I arising out of a family vendetta. It started with a dispute over the . price of a wagon | between members of the llaker and Howard families, both of whom arc well known in the county. The feud soon in volved scores of their relatives anil friends, who took sides and regarded their aclvcr ! saries as irnplaenble enemies. Four men were killed in separate ambushes in the early stage, of the feud. Finally, Tom Baker, leader of his family's partisans, was : arrested and placed on trial for murder last (Saturday, when he was assassinated in the yard of the Courthouse at .Manchester, the capital of Clay County, in spite of the guard of Militia round the building. She riff White 'and his friends openly sympa thise with the Howards. All the officials in the County had chosen sides, and re fused to interfere in the" slaughter. Some of them lxinsted that they would see the shootings were allowed to proceed to the end. The two sides terrorised Judge Ever ' sile and threatened to take his life. He had to adjourn the Court, which was the sign for non-combatants to flee out of the | Cofinty where lawlessness is now rampant. Yesterday evening Jim Howard, leader of ' his side, was mysteriously shot, and killed in the Courtyard at Manchester. The Phil pots, a numerous family in the district, have joined the Bakers, and they vowed to gether to exterminate the Howards. The Governor of the Stale hiss been reluctant to interfere for political reasons, hut he has now been compelled to order the militia to he mobilise}] around the scene of the ven detta. It is feared however, that he is really impotent, owing to the extraordi nary donnishness that has " developed throughout the population. 'Moreover, the mountainous character of Clay County assists guerilla methods of warfare. The in cessant Woodshed and unheard-of bitter ness of the feud attracts excited attention throughout the County." BRITISH ARMY OFFICERS. Viscount. Wolseley was the principal guest, along with Captain Cox,, of the New South Wales I^ancer", at a dinner given by the Worshipful Company of Carpenters in their hall in the city on Friday last. He made the following interesting remarks: — "Our army was a small one, hut it had many points of excellence which made it remarkable among the nations of the world. He believed it had the most highly instruct ed officers and the best disciplined soldiers of any. Nothing was more essential to the education of an officer than the experience of hearing hosHlc bullets whizzing past in dangerous proximity, and that experience was more largely shared by the officers of our amy than by those of any o-thei. ("Cheers.) We had done a great deal to im prove tlie efficiency ■ of our officers. (Cheers). In the old days the fool of the family was thought good enough to be sent ■into the army, the only qualification being that he had a large share of the world's wealth. He had felt it his duty to leave battalions in the rear, because be did not dare to send men into action under those who were incapable to lead them. These days were gone. The officers were now care fully selected, and their ability, their power of commanding, and their knowledge of war was creditable tp them." (Cheers.) "THE POPE'S yiOOIIR. Ton thousand people gathered yesterday in-the great Hall of Beatification at St. Peter's to see the Pope hold a. Public Con sistory. He was determined to have the ceremony in that place, which extends the whole length of the front of St. Peter's, in order to give ocular demonstration of the extent to which he has recovered from his late operation. Though not at all strong, it surprised every one to see how much bet ter he was than anybody had expected he would be. Carried in his chair, with the gorgeous procession following liim, and tlie lovely music of Paleotrina resounding in the great hall, he seemed full of.emotion, and blessed the faithful to right and left. It seems clear that the end of a vigoronst old life is not so near as -the doctors, thought a month or two ago. 